THE TURF. .RACING NOTES. [By Men-toe.] Although some people may be of opinion that we don't get enough racing, it seems as though a very short space of time elapses between one meeting and another up till the end of the legitimate racing year, and before the first day of August arrives we have nominations for the early events of the next season. Tuesday last saw Mr. Heseltine busily engaged in receiving entries for the A.R.C. Grand National meeting to be run on August 15 and 22, and a couple of weeks hence will witness Mr. Whitington gathering in entries for the S.A.J.C. Spring meeting to take place at Morphetville on September 1 and 5. Each season the secretaries of the leading clubs seem to outvie each other in their efforts to procure big lists of nominations. This year Mr. Heseltine has the satisfaction of knowing that he has beaten his own records for previous years for the same meeting, and no cloubt Mr. Whitington will succeed in doing ditto for himself. There must, however, be a limit to the number of entries for any meeting or events, as was proved in the case of the Melbourne Cup when it was worth £10,000. Although there are but seven more entries this year than last for our Grand National meeting, yet we have all the horses named that might well have been expected. All the local horses in training are on the list, and there are visitors to come from Melbourne to give variety to the proceedings and encourage speculation. The handicaps will be issued on Tuesday next, and there will be time enough after they have appeared to estimate the chances of the Melbourne contin gent as compared with our own, but Mr. Heseltine has reason to be well satisfied that his total on Tuesday reached the respectable number of 234 entries for the two days' racing. The first acceptances for the V.AT.C. Grand National Hurdles and Steeple were made on Monday, and we find there are 22 candidates left in the Hurdle Race, and only one less in the Steeplechase. The final acceptances will reduce the number before they go to the post, but our two local repre sentatives, Simulator and Banjo, are booked to go over, the double having been backed for a large amount. The seratchings for the Hurdles include Chummie, Triangle, Larnook, Havelock, The Don, Bloodwood, Tasman, Apsley, Glenmore, Lucid, and Culzean, none of whom have figured much in the betting. In the case of Larnook it was early known that Mr. Miller would save him for the Steeple, and so far as Apsley is concerned he has been training badly. Whernside's injury when he fell at Flemington caused his retirement from the Steeple, and Romance and Merrigal have gone out, but quite a suffi cient number will face the starter to make the event an interesting one, and as the journey is four miles there is no certainty yet about selecting the winner. "The Count," of Oxenham & Co. (whore turns to his Melbourne Victorian Club quarters to-day), did a good deal of betting on Thursday, as the following list will show:— Caulfield and Melbourne Cups—5,000 to 5 Trentham and Broken Hill, 5,000 to 5 Straightfire and Broken Hill, 5,000 to 5 Pivot and Strathspey, 5,000 to 5 Pivot and Hopscotch, 5,000 to 5 Duhallow and Hop scotch, 5,000 to 5 Duhallow and Rel;a, 5,000 to 5 Duhallow and Strathspey. Caulfield Grand National Hurdles and Steeple—1,000 to 20 Simulator and Waterloo, 1,000 to 20 Artist and Zouroff, 1,000 to 20 Dungan and Zouroff, 500 to 10 Morago and Zouroff, 500 to 10 Morago and Banjo. The following straight- out wagers were also laid: — Caulfield Hurdle Race—150 to 15 Simulator, 125 to 25 Dungan, 150 to 25 Morago, 100 to 15 Artist. Steeple chase—250 to 25 Zouroff, 100 to 20 Waterloo. In the local market for the A.R.C. Grand National and Steeple, Radiant and All Fours, and Jack Sprat and All Fours have been coupled for all the money in the market at hundreds to two and three; also Radiant and The Ghost and Jack Sprat and The Gbost. Electric and Wanderer were sent away to Port Pirie on Wednesday to take part in the local meeting on Saturday. The nomination of Thunder King in the Dequetteville Stakes should read blk or g colt, instead of blk g as published. Hodgkins, the jockey, took his departure for West Australia on Wednesday, having engagements to ride at the forthcoming Cool gardie Cup meeting, which takes place on August 6 and 8. Happening upon a young fellow who had just got the worst of a fall from a bucking bike in Hutt-street on Thursday, I dis covered it was Alf Reed, who has returned from his Melbourne trip with Havelock. Alf is not at all enamored with the chances of any of our hurdle-racers in Melbourne, and says the quality is better now than it has ever been there owing to the increased stakes that the principal clubs are offering. It is easier to win on the Bat than over the small sticks, hesays, as so many fast horsesare beingeducated atthelattergame. Havelock, whohasafairturn of foot, hadn't the ghost of a show with them, and as there was no chance of earning oats over there Havelock was sent back again, but he will be kept in work for our coming National meeting. Reed thinks that it is about time he made a book, or did something easier than riding steeplechasers, a game he is growing tired of. Most people would like to see the crack steeple jockey again in his best form getting home first in a big race. We are of opinion that he can still manage a chaser over big sticks better than he can a cycle on the flat. Mr. David Jamc-s, the owner of Principle, has again had bad luck in losing the services of this horse after he has had a lengthened spell and was coming on nicely in his prepara tian for events on the other side the border. At the Fort meeting Principle was leading in the Handicap, when he was seen to suddenly drop to the rear and finished nowhere. On examination it was found he had cut his foot so badly that he had to be thrown out of training, and another season will probably elapse before Principle is seen at anything near his best again. John Hill has had bis usual flutter with the colors up on the Morphettville Course. Pick ing a fine afternoon last week he sent his youngsters for a couple of furlongs, which they accomplished in nice time, and then his team had Broken Hill for a schoolmaster, and the Australian Cup winner enjoyed himself hy showing the way home to the others. There was a time when the St. Leonards seance with the colors up attracted not a few good sports men who had received the office, but this custom has dropped into abeyance and Hill and his brother and the ordinary habitues of the course are the only spectators. It is not merely for show purposes that John Hill has the afternoon flutter, but as ranch as anything for the education of his younger charges, who have not yet learned to' face the public or to see the colors on the course. The coming annual meetings of the two metropolitan racing clubs are causing more talk and excitement than usual on account of the competition that will take place for the . vacancies on the respective committees. All j the candidates named seem to bo in earnest \ about going to the poll, and their friends are i working quietly on their behalf. It is gratify-1 insr to know that both clubs are in a very I sound financial position, as proved by their balance-sheets; but the financial statement of the S.A. J.C. is not made known until the day of the annual meeting, 110 other course being provided for in the rules. Mr. C. M. Bagot desires us to call attention to^ the sheepdog field trials which are to be held on the Morphettville Racecourse on Saturday, August 1. On this occasion the secretary of the Agricultural Society is re ceiving the co- operation of Mr. Whitington, and between them they are arranging tor nil after noon's attraction, which will include a parade of two-year-olds, with their jockeys in colors, and of older Mood stock, and the Hunt Club bare agreed to finish their run on the race course, so that patrons will have a varied pro gramme to amuse them. Mr. Hyde, who is up from the south-east, says his old jumper Lerov is looking so well after a, spell at- the stud that if he thought the haudicapper would give him ahout 10 st. at a country meeting lie could win another race with him. Leroy, by Sussex from a Panic mare, is bred on such stout and hearty lines that we are not surprised to hear of the old fellow being rejuvenated. When his stock come into the sale market they should be- eagerly sought after for jumping purposes. A two-year-old of much promise was unearthed at Cauliield on Saturday last, when Man of Honor, a gelding by Trenton from hi aid of Honor, won the Two- year-old Handi cap from The Officer, Qualigy, Lightning, and others. 1 le was in receipt of a lump of weight from The Officer and Lightning, 'out won with great ease, and may come into favor for the V'.R.C. Derby, one of the races for which he is eligible, lie is the property of Messrs. J. Redfearn and M. .Jacobs. Compared with the flourishing condition of our own metropolitan clubs racing affairs look bad at headquarters in Queensland. At the last annual general meeting of the Duncdin J ockey Ciub a balance-sheet was read showing a loss on the year's transactions of £31!) 15s. lOd. the receipts having amounted to £18,241 18s. 7d. and the expenditure to £18,5(10 17s. 5(1. The Hon. G. McLean, who presided, in moving the adoption of the report, detailed the negotiations with the Eorbnry Park Com pany, remarking that if they went through Ireland they could not get a landlord to be have in the same wayas the company had. It is stated that the underwriters who were on the policy insuring Trenton for his voyage to England, when the horse so nearly died, subscribed £15 to be given to Ewart, who was in charge of the horse, as a recognition of the great exertions he made and his ceaseless care, thanks to which a fatal issue was prevented. Trenton was insured for £G,00Q. A Victorian writer has figured out the amount that would have been returned by backing every winner at the late V.ll.C. Grand National meeting at the quoted prices, to a person who began with one sovereign and "played it up." He assumes, of course, that the riiigmen were strong enough to accommo date, and the result of his calculations is that the backer would have turned the original sovereign into £1,79G,131,2G0. He further adds " possibly^ on the following Monday some of the smaller ringmen might have had to ask for time." Count Schomberg, 4 yrs.. by Auglirim— Clonavarn, who won the Windsor Norman Tower Handicap, and ran second in Duke of York Stakes, third in the Cesarewitch Stakes and Cambridgeshire Stakes, and second in the Manchester November Handicap, has been put to hurdle-racing, with successful results, as he won a few weeks ago the Grand Hurdle Race of Auteuil, three miles and one furlong, worth £2,712. There were but six starters, and Count Schomberg, 7 to 4 against, carried 9 st. 12 lb. home an easy winner. Some little time back Mr. Leopold de Rothschild and the Sheffield bookmaker, Mr. Steele, differed respecting the chance of the favorite in a certain race at Newmarket, and the latter said it was a thousand pounds to a carrot 011 that animal winning. "I will take that," said Mr. Rothschild over the rails, and the ringman won his bet. In what way to settle St. Brusquiivs owner was for a time at a loss to know, but ultimately- he had an orna ment made in the shape of a carrot of coral, the green top being enamelled, ana round it was a gold band with the words " A thousand pounds to a carrot" engraved thereon, and this Mr. Steele duly received. In addition to those mentioned by us last week, the following mares visited Carbine in his first season in England:—The Smew, by St. Simon—Golden Eye; Charm, by St. Simon —Tact; Mint of Money, by Rosebery—Mint drop ; Gallatea, by Galopin—Reredos; Santa Police, by St. Simon—Happy Hampton; Stratlibrock, by Strathern—Poinsettia; St. Agatha, by Isouomy—Lady Mashain; Me tallic, by Sweetbread—Bell Metal; St. Bees, by St. Simon—Beatrice; Saintfield, by St. Simon—Daisy Chain ; Normania, by St. Simon —.Tosynan ; Sanderling, by St. Simon—Sandi way; mare, by Galopin from Dee; Darnaway, by Scottish Chief—Spinaway; Operetta, by Petrarch — The Song; Distant Shore, by Hermit—Land's End ; Ardkinglass, by Bruce —Claretto; Maundy Money, by Ayrshire or Silver—Princess Victoria; Simonetta, by St. Simon—Ithona; Leverett, by Galopin—Sacri fice; Anna, by St. Simon—Ulster Queen; Sempronia, by Carnelion—Sword Knot; Sal tire, by Bend Orr—Stillwater; Pelf, by Purse bearer—Bonnie Marden; Sad, by Hermit— Anonyma. Mr. A. O. "Whitington has received the formal nominations of Messrs. A. W. Ware and H. Biekford for election as committeemen of the S.A.J.C. at the annual meeting, which will be held on August 7. Tommy Swivel has been withdrawn from the Melbourne Cup. 