A MOTHER'S SIN; oR The Northcombe Mystery, By CIoLLES OGRDWOOD. \--4----- CHAPTER V. IIS9 MOTHER'S KIhS. It was tho timo of roses. Roeso of every doecription, and of eovry hue, fllod tho air with their weeot fragrance. A bunch of whito cointer-roseo luxuriantly overgrow to trelll.-aroh oabvo tholwloiket gate whioh led from the flower.gardens into tih pad d.otk. An avenoo of .tandord rose- damask. croamp, white aud goldon- ponod ladt6dhsl Niol sreoad over hellf wall ; clump of tiny yolloo Sootoh roses bloomed at ooe side, a bunch of noe.rocose at tho otbhor, and inthegarden the trim parl nor- old at Flsg-poet Cottage moved hero and there amongst the trooe, and filld her basket with the brigheat and bost for the varoo in tho Cottago room,. Thb old sailor had boon of tho opinion that planting fruit-trees was plantng for hoirs or uoocesaora, and had I?vshod opon his garden the monoy and ocro whioh most mon would have wasted u.pon lnhospltiblo walls and extravagant greenhouses. So he had plantol. roses evorywhere, and lived a died ourroundod by their beauty, buying his aprloto, poachca, and nectarinor for a titho of tho oum ho might havo expndcod In attoempling to grow them. In the thlm of ru.r theoro e ro flo falrer senoes than the garden upon which Captain Cardlngton looked out ao he opened his bedroom window on tho first morning following his roturn to hi home after his oruioo In the "' MIdgo " To hiso eeyes, wearieod with the contlnual outlook upon the eso, or theo irolomlribod area of his own ship, nelh a piartoe was pleasant, and he etood a momont at the window to enjoy thoe sono. The dainty fggro of Phyllis, as, unconotouol of his eyes, sheo snippod the roses, contributod perhape to its oomploteness for Captain Diok. Though often orrocouoly oredilltod with misogynist oinvictions, he wao not utterly removed above tho odlmiration whioh, if Homer is to he bolioved, workel havoo in the broeast of Aohilles, Ajax, Agamemnon, and probably many other heroea, although his admiration want only to the point of consenting to the thought that from an artiltlo view tho ploturo was the brighter for the proe?nce in It of a comely young English maid. Suddenly a Bhadow eoomed to faol upon the oeone. Was it fanoy, or was it fact, that the sunn passed behind a cloud and tho roa darkoned on rho distance, ae, drezoed in a plain black dreee, unrelieved by any vestige of colour. walking slowly with yre bount upon the ground. her hands Icckcd behind her, Ml.rgoret, with a weory, whito faco, como down tho gtrden path ?lsblug Phyllls "Glood morning," and pained on to tho lag poet ? " Ah I" he Bild to himeoll, "'poor Meg I I had almost forgotten her for the mpment. I suppose It is lhor doing, that tho loig It half.maqt I I would give a good do l to Rut out of the duty of telling her About J lok.' In half an hour's time, Dick mot hia couosin In the broeakfast-room. SWeoll, Meg," he sai, uneasilly, " horo I om again, you too, rotourneod likeo the pro vorblat bad penny. I hope yo nro qluito well but I am afraid that you have not yet altogother got over the Illness of whiuh my mot?her was toelling me last night." I am very gladl to see you homo ogaoo, Dick," ehe answered, In a low, nervous voloe, disroegardlng his qnouestion. Then hr oyes mot tie, gazed oteadily into hie for a moment as if she were aoarolIng his soul for the aenswer to some uocation which sheo dared not oexproe in words. He moroly proseod her hand, aud the oction, slight as It was, aemed to ourry some xpctecl mooaning for her. for sho turned wway with her oyeo lillod with teora. It is not to be wondered at that breakfast that morning wag, with ech a bdoginnlug, rather a disagreeablo moal for botl of them, and It was .ith relief that Captain 0rodlng ton rose at its conrlusion, and lighting his olgar, stroll d out ino tlo o garden. (Qito naturally ho found his way to the old sailor's oeat, and sat looking laoily upou tho oea, watchlng with oonhldertblot lnteret a small pleoaore-yaoht taCting to muko Northoombo Bay. Soa ntent was he upon this occupation., and the ejnymoent of the dol fa'r iienot, that he did not notilo that Morgaret had followed him from the houseo. She stocd for a moment with her eyec turned toward. the tea, nnd then came to wards him, and, As he rose, eot down on th aeat he offered her, and motioned to him to reanmo his place. sI am so pleased to goo you back, safe and sonnd," she maid, "and aunt Is so do lighted, and mo prond of you. But, D'ok, do forgive all my sellihnoeo. I cannot help It hbt you well know what I feel." "'Poor Meg," he a..d, gently, " do feel for you, with all my heart. I wish "-and a he spoke, herose lmpnloivoly, and jerked the remainder cf his clgar several yards away from him-" I wish that I hod gone oatotad of Jaok, and he were here In my place ." "' Don't cay that, D)luk. We are all co thankful that you haveo ome home." 0, After all," he eaid, "w'o must remember that there is still an unoertaintr In your luavotr. WVohvo no definilto proof--" "Pronf I Oh, Dlokl what could be more aertaln than the t. rrtble proof of ilf silence ? It is 0ow so many months inoo it happenod, and If he had been saved, he would surely have written." " Ah, thoat Is just what 1 cannot under. stand." Loet un not build upon anything so Im probable. Ato rem? alned sllet for a ofew mlnuts. ,o in your own wrorde how It happened ?" wI alm afraid," h began puollng hlmaeol togethor for a moat unwelomoe taok, "IItht I cannot teoll )yu muh more than you have lIroedy htrd,. We were ailling in very t?raohorouo water, nnd had to go along soundlog at overy few ynrdd. The effloor of tho watch draw my attention to 0a obj oot some distanoce away. which he beolloeved to beo a ship of some ort, fast upon a rook As e watohoed it, sasvarl others came to us. and all agreod that tih ship was pretty well wreakod. I took the cfliocrs aide, anod when ow talked It over, w alIl roalheod that to get to it would be an ditfioult job. WVo ?ont into my cahtin nod corefully 0ver hauled tho chertr, and nearly oll--zooept, I ohtlnk, myself and Jckh-thought tho thing von-ld hb impo..iblc. I felt, however, that 0o ought to try it, and Jack atooid up, and .ald that if I pokO tho word, nad tho oooo w.. ...llllg, ho wou.ld go. Well, illy duty wg to remain on mwy Ship d ant loollg Vlit Jaok wao the man foor til job, ..o .really ho lievio? that it woo poloflt. I tol him to t.,o . gig end man It wilLo oolnntocoP, & to try to mako for the iorook. E1ouogh UIL wesrerondy to go wiull, Jo, for I0 0w0s 1wl ontoly popular with theom all, anod I .?. Have. thatthoy wol.ld hov0 rowc0 himl In? the tiaelstrom itsell if ho had told tlhmn to dot. ISaw that tlhey no d cooogh provi sions, nnd wo 1pa00 Oloont& hearty ohoorsB they loll owoy. You hnow what happonol. They got to the wreck, found m0n on board, and clioppelod them a fist An toey oould; and, whlle Jack was (n droek, tho ship went down. Our men lay by for an hour or two, antl pickeld up one or wo moroe mon; hot no 'lao. They say that 0ome of tho mon lound theo lolp' boat oittom opoard..s nod got 0way, nud 0r.00 afterwards plikhd up. lint it lJack wa not owmongst them, I am afrlaid thLol t1ro hI no hopo And i lo had bhen with them we shoold oserralnly heI o 1,00001?oocothing long Ito0 If ho is do ,poor f1lloo, he died no ,true bravo L;9nliih czilrrr nI -tlrniom ln, at his po10, nod tio navy n00r lost a bhoette mod awfrtir Hllierr. I luvud him l go .wobrother." optalon Ctdlog tau ' voice fallteorod. nd ao oleorly ipoke wIth vary groat emotlion. 'Wth his lat words, hI gr.npud hero hnd and walkeod away for owP POOO, whilo Margaret returneood slowly to tho ioOus. Captnaln Dick oeogratulotd himsolf that oi, toik onw coded, But tho morning who not to pasl -ithout a scoond intorvaiew, wvhichocamloned him tha greatet conattrna th;on. ole n. a little Hurpilted presently to find his moth-r bsildo hin in th gardaenl, and parhapl not a litt.l pleased, attributing the oiroum?tanco to her affootion for himself and her dolliht at his return. Drawing her arm within his own, and stooping down to ins her, he Ird her to a roet In a shady plac. Much to Ill bowlldrmont, his nother had no sooner roached the place han she gave way to n attack of " norves," whloh seoemed to beo attended by consider Itargarat w behtter accustomed than he to his mother's infirmities, and hn owa on the point of running to th hoeao to oill her, wheo Mir C.rdlnlgton rcovoorod hor con taol of hor n,!rvoa a suddenly an sha had roat It, and requesoted him not to leave her. She sald "You oo', oly outor boy, that your old nother is not no Aronag a ohm oaod to be. ho loast exertion eoaum to leave me pros trot."" A loss genuine and sophintlicatd man than comoanooateitytohear. Iaedd, prhapr,the orsta thing poasibleo took her word ans onatter of courose, nd tuggoatod modilOt advice. Mrs Cardingten rejootod the osnR gation with an injured air, and in cold. onaaurol words began to speak of thb nattor In hoer mind. " You have boon talking to lMargarot" hea nid. "I o aw yon Ifrm my window. )h, Dick, I do pity that poor girl. ' "Yes, mother, you may well do that. ier caooe it awfully hard." 1o We havu no tidings," she continued; but the words wt-re so accentuatod as to amount to a quesotion, and wore followed up by a quiok ocarching glanoo st her son's fao,. "Nono htatever," ho replied. " 'oor IJ., I am afraiL ,ia lost." " Lost 1' She repeated the aord slowly and thaoughtfally. " Do you mean dead, Dick V "I am afraid so. We should have heard o-ag ago if it were not so.' " And ic houo not heard Pl' ttNo.,, "Thoen ycu think we must no longer entPrtain any-any hope ot hi return P STharo's not a doubt abot it now." Thak Hovona l" sheo said, almots in otodihit. " Mother I" osiod Dick, startled and in dignant. "I moan,"' she returned, in her former unimpa?saeioned tones, "that it is much better ro. This eupenea was too terrible. it was telling on my spirits. It has almost killed Margaret. SometimesI have feared that it was destroying her reason. We o ught now to be grateful that we know the worst. Ah ! poor child, what a dear girl ohe it, Dick I" "Yes, hers is a very sweet and nifec tionate diepeoition." "I am so glad that you think so. I like to hoeir her praiseb. She isseoreserved and no eauddned that pe plo often do not do her justica, but think her cold and awkward. I am glad that you see the beauty of her character." Mra Cardington faunnel herself. " I love her as my own child. I am asure that she could not have a happier home than with me. It would boa great blow to me If she left us," "Well, I don't suppose there is much chance of that now. If she had married Jack, she would, of course, have sett up a establishment of her own, but now that is alt out of the way." "l out," said Irs Oardington, gravely, "ahe does talk of leaving us. Shs says that life is too empty for her here, and she must choose out a career for herself. She wants to do good, and even talks of going into a sisterhood," " A. sietorhoodl Why,. oho a' not a Roman Catholic, but an English Church oomon." " Yesa, but they have those senort of things in tihe English Church nowadays. Mrs Wallco has booeen putting it into her head." Captain Dick broke out in an impolite teoueb perhaps naval explosion, in which Mirs Wallace andh reasggeetionfaredbadly. Diis mother smiled, but said 'Hush I" "That must never be," ho said, more quietly, reoollcAting himself. "I quite agree with you, The doer girl must not be allowed to meon," " I tell you what," said Cardilgton. " If I were you I would have Molly Ingram down for a bit." "That awful womaun Is she exsotly ahom-- comma ilfeul, Dick PV "I don't 0n05. She's a good sort of woman, with a hard head, and can see through a brick wall as easily as most people." "I don't think I bshould care about it, Dick. I don't like unconventional young women." " eV.ll, I would try, if I wore you. I'll undertake that you'll hear no more of the sisterhood business, if you do." " It might be worth trying:" raid Mrsa Cardington, meditatively. "But this Is nsot what I want to ay to yru this morn ing. Dick," and Mrs Gardiugton's voio trembled. "If Margaret goes, it moeanus ruin for me l" "I donat reo that. Meg won't turn you out, and if she does, I think I could give you enough to live upon now," Its not that, Dish. It's worts-far woraso I" "]Lother I" " Yes," said biro Cardington, "the day Meg haves me will moan my ruin. lb not auk me to explain. Some day you will know, and thebn yEu will hate your miorroilo mother. I have been foolish, wickel, and my Bin will lind mE out. Oh, Dick, pity me, forgive me, sae me o Don't opern your mother away from you !" and throwing herneel upon him nod clasping his arm, she ooried passionbtly, "Srn me l" " Mother, this is extraordinary. What am I to understand P" " I oannot toll you; but you can Savoe mE 1" " From what I' 'Shamon-disgrace-rain I" 'Ine?' Sho looked up into his face and laughed. ShE kieod him, ThEre was afever on her lips which flushed his faco, for somehow thot klie brought with it a sense of shame. Tbat a man should ever fool shame at a mother'o ki?e I And then she lnoghed egnin, and patted hi ceoeks with her ring badicked hands, no if she were playing with a ehild,. bearded manthouth he as. "Tim day," hoe whiopered, "on wheich you mnrry Margaret I shall be saoE, I shell breathe freely again thou." Captain Crrlinglon broke away from hit mothlr'o umbrtec, and ruahed from her pras;ce CHUPTEI VI. S1ruE ELLEOIEN OF 3ITTERiT. A.^ny fronm his mother's obracet, with a nool na o.e ohme buring his cheksre, aut with dlop bordldermcnt I his mind, walked oCptnin Dick, without, poutinl to torn to lock round, a hit teoteo'r. lboning I ovilylupon her daintylqoll.-huoded piratol eotiA, olooly zotraocd her step3 to the housl, ith her eyre bent upon thoe ground, looking for oneo hrr full ago. hlow wis he to undrttanld this obluure rovelation whioh lnd bern maio to him ? She wao evidently involved in uoml cocrot trcubl whiooh hd wan not able to huogP p Ind bhon ao it pooible for him to 1 h0ol00 her in the moanor ho had aug goated? Could he, Jaok'o loyal frioend. cver dare to odo letiuoelf br the vacant plgco in Mnl\rgarot' heart, oven ouppoolmg that it ild bl oooo pt.iblo for her tuu far forget th Iol loover a to lioten to tho now P 'hh inntinot of the eon ut otrong with in hlim, and had eny icoe whqplreod to hon the pmuoibilty of his rotoning her from the aonsequtners of Mooe indiscreotion or error by an aut of ellf-.acriti:o. heo would grat. fully have obeyed the voi?o, howover groat the oost imposed upon him, As it wa, thu voices were oilent, an usual, and he was left with a now eenne of reaponeibility upon him, and with a vogun dr.ad of eom, indefinite elcmunt of myontrY which neomed to have been introduced Into the ordinarily p'acid and unevontlfl lifo at t;oe Cottago, and which could only be expelled by a p!unge into come uncertain course of conduct suoh as a callor, accustomed to steer by his chart, muet naturally regard with mins. givingo and dislike. A long walk along the cliff failed to bring him any olearer view t f what it behoved him to do, but only confirmed his conviction that if hib marriage with Margarot was the onlynoln tion of tLis problem, it was out of the quas tion. He was alwaye .trietly honeat with him-tf, and never nurped the delusion that he wau invioiblh. IMargaret, he knew, looked upon him with sisterly rather than coneinly kindness; hut he know that Rbh could never love him na she had loved Jack, even it he himself, asn the summer days went on, were to fall in love with her. "No," he eald emphaticallr, to himsell, "tlat is absolutely boyond the range." Mro Cardlngton did not roevert to the oubjoot of her conversation with her son, and for some days they had hardly met, 'ave at dinner end in the drawing-room afttr7arde, when Margaret was generally present. Their manner was certainly noticed by hur to be rather conetrainoe and formal; bhit they wore never demonstra tive, and their offorts to maintain a decent show of mutual interest and eymvathv did not occur to her to be unusual. Mrs Oard ington seemed to have relapied into the onmplacent and self. ancontrated enjoy ment of her novels and her little sealflh nos; and probably har eon would have comoe to rogar.t the scone in the garden no a more hysterical display of feeling on the part of one whoso thoughts were deeply atoeped in the unreality of the world of fiction in whioh she habitually lived, had not a slight oocurrono nooe more revived hi hbewildnrm-nt. He had risen at a very early hour one esplendid morning, and hastily dressed in hin fltannel, with the intention of going out for adip in thi SaB, The servants were not up. and the front door was strongly barred and bolted. Not wiahig to disturb th hoouseo, he quitly opened one of the Frenoh windows of tho drawing-room and etapeed out into the garden. Ilia bathe might have been obtained from shore in front of the house, for the old sailor had not only cut a zig-zig path down the faoo of the cliff, but had also, at a coneiderable o-st, cleared away the rooks to make a narrow ncaun?ay of anud and abingle for hie own convonince whon de oirous of bathing, and also for the presage of a emall boat. which he kept in a groat flssure or cave in the clif just underneath th filg-pos . But two miles away beyond the voltgo was an attractive bay with a beach of soft sand and Captain Dick took his way thithier, enjoyed hie bathoe, and aat for hall on hour on the shore in the onn ohinn reading a book which he had taken with him in hie pooket. His way home led through the village, and na he passed along the straggling street he saw aa figur ,ono quiokely out of the peot- cflli o and turn up the otreet in the direction of loag.poat Colttage. Now, unless his eyes deceivod him. that wa, the figure of his mother, and thia was a surprising fact. His mother nover got np until eleven or twelve o'clock, except under very eceoptionnl circumstances, ae when she had rnought the interview with him in the garden. hie went into the poot-olfice. It was the goneral shop of the village. and he often purchased tobacco here. The tradesman wae just engagel in dehrverlng the morning letters to the postman; but was not so busy that he onuld not spare a moment for I word or two with the Captlain," as Dick wai generally tilled in Northoomhe. S iorning, sir," he sai , as Captain Dick entered. "Good morning, Carey. Have yea any 'Gold Flake' I" " Yea, air. I had some in yesterday, so it l quite fresh. How much, air " "Oh, half a deozen ounce Faekota will do. It's a fine morning. I've been down for a bathe. You've had an early customer." " Yen, air. Mrs Cardington sometimes steps down on fine mornings for the lot. tore. Mostly, the old rervant comes; but Obe's been away just a fortnight, they toll me, and the miatreas han boon down every morning. A wonderful old lady, your mother, air. Ah, early rising iC a great thing for the health I" Herae was naosecondsurprise. Hannah. to his ocrtain knowledge, was at the O)ttnge. " Doesn'tyour man dehver letters at the Cottage I" he asked. " Not sinoe Mra Onrdington atopped him You see, tir, he goed rnd by the top road to the Caustle firt; and lra Car dington maid she would likt to have the letters earlier, and by sending down you have them an hour and a half earlier." o Oh, I ase. Well, good morning, Carey. I'll just overtake my mother." " Good morning, eir, and thank you." I?o l hrried aftr hie mother but either Mrs Cardongton had rwaltod with protor. natural rapidity, or she had stopped at som. housne on the waye for when he roaohed the bond of the road, where he could commann d its whole length up to the gate? which opened into the drive, there was not a human being to ba ren. It was impossible for her to havoe lready relohed the gatoe, unless she had gone at a running pace--oand that was out of the question. lie decidol that she had -topped sonowhero on the way, and eat down on a gato to wait for hbr. But when upwards of half an hour had paseod, and no Mra Cardington appoeared he went on to the lIsuse, and found the front door open and Ianndah in the hall. " Has my mother come in P" he asked. Hanouh stared at him in amaeent. "My mistress i in xbad, sir. She has had a very bal night, Sni will not got up until luncheon." ilo goazd at her ir blank, optechliea astoniohment. An oxolamation of ,impa tionce at the bre-f- noad feaalihod by which she was trying to impose upon him almost escapod from his lips; but ht checked himself and turned angrily away. e' What in the name ci all that is reason. able, am I to understand by all thin ?" he asked himselCf. It is only fair to explain that the main road to the gates and the aorrinagwdrive did not constituto Ihe sole approach to the Cittige. There was another way; but Captain Ditck -a not likely to re member it, or, if he remembered it, to entertain the posoibillty of its being used by his mother. If, instord of pursuing the main road. she turned sharp to the neft fifty yarda from the post-( Ili:e. she could take a lane, a narrow Devonshire lane, which led straight down a gorge, or gully, to the shore, and w~o eoldom used exeept by iarmer. who were c:?rting seaweed or shingle. Teen by climbing a eteep bank :he could enter tho woods which filled up the space along the (cast botween the village eaot and the Cottage nest, und between the highroad north and the soa south. Theoe woous swept along to the veory edge of the clff, and reehod to a poiut within a hundred yards cf trhe Cottogo gardens, from ehiah they re divided by a paddoak and a high wall. Boun in the wall rota a O'oor, which oponod into a shrubbery. Mrs Cordiogton took a 1path through the wood which was probt ably tharlly over trodden upon ane by the ceostgunrdomen, cro.roed the padldock, and tasecd through this dor, the hey of which she carrned. Then insteed of taking a path throuogh the ehtrbbery wchiot wocld have brought her to the eaalogeo-drlv' clooe to the front-door, she hushed aido come hnshe anod came to tht front of tho turret, in which wau a eoall door completely hidden by the luxorriaont growthtol overgreona. This duor hto alto unlocked, and olimbing a stono spiral eteir c000 tothe top of the toweor opened anotheo door, and found herself in what auh known ns the "bdmiral's Iloow," ilrobably Captain D:ob had forgatten thsl ontrance long ogo. It was supposead to have beon invoniel useo aoloeafooean 'n ecoe of Ciro. Onco, muny yous ago, ho ,nd found him way from the "Admial's Bo'm," and had noticed the door, and then had gone down the otairuaee still lower and diwoovered ecund dor, which lid no one know whither But his mother had never ince the time when she first took up her residence aot the Cottage, when he was eighteen and Margaret three, allowed the keys ofthe tower to pass out of her own possuselou, doubhtoou thinking that an op portoulty for secret expoedtions or assigna tions might be opened either for her son or the servants if she did so. That his mother should make use of a secret entrance never untesrd hiu unuuspioious mind. By son effot of will, before hahd finulebod dreosinug, he dismlcsed the whole matter from his thoughts, and determined that he would emanoipate himself from the opproe. slye Ifuienoce of the presenuu of some olemunt of mystery at the oottagu which had began to spoil his enjoymnent of his stay on shore. At breakfast Margarot' face was a little brighter thou he had seen it of late. She had had a letter from Molly, who said she would come to spend August with them at the Cottage, Morgoret was foll of delight. full antiiopation of this viit, and ro marked "Isn't it good of aunt to lot me have her horo ! I know she does not think she will liko her ; but I am sure that Molly will soon got into her good books. Weo must got u some oxpeditionns for her." " By all moans," said Diok. " Ito what do yen say to our having onu of our old oalks to ' Ragged Castlet' to-day ? It's too ino a day to hang about hero all the time." "I oould go afteor lunocheon," aid Mar garet. This was surely a stop in the right direc tion. If he could only get Margaret to hooear up a little, life would hbe lees heuovy foer him as well as for her, anod Dick was beginning to tind things rathor ulow. Mrs Cardingtou beaeod approvingly on th oroposition, und Margaret took oot her sketch-obook for the firs time that summer. " Raggd Cautlo " was an old ivy-clad tuower, which stood on the edge of Hill. horough Park, about two miles north of Flag- pout Cottage. The park belonged to a young noblhman, who had throe other homes and a ynoht, asd seldom disturbed the quietude of his Devonshire castle. His houo iun Leadon, his ohoutlog-box in Soot land, and his hunting-hbox In Lelooeterthiro, carriod him pretty well through the year, and a month or two at Illlbhorough was aus moh aushe could ordinarily mnago. When they roueacheod the ruin theoy sat down, and while Margarot sketched Dick' tried to amuse her by describing some of the more amnusing incidents of his voyage. He was just congratolating him uefl upon at last suoooudiug in mhking her laugh by his most humorous story, when an interruption occurred by the arrival upon the uoene of a lady and goutleman, the Slrmer of whom held up an eyoglass and otudiud the picturesque, unooneoulou of the poresence of strangers. "Chorming I" they heard her uaylng. " A most rospeotablo old ruin. It only wants the ghosts of your ancesotors to make it corn "I am afraid I can't make them walk out for your hboeneit by daylight, Mrs Foyle. But hero, if I am not mistaken, is a rather pretty girl, who will possibly be as aoeopt oble." Iult sontouoo wao spoken In an andertone, and the gentleman advanced and took off his hat. "I thought I could not be mintaken," he oaid. " How do you do, Miss Grantham ! How are you,. Cardington 1" Captain Dick sprang up. "I's Lord Gharlbury ? And can I be lieve my eyos," he ountinued, "Mrs Foyle I" " It is Mrs Foyle," said the lady laughing. "Oh, you know one another " said young Lord Charohury. "How the- hut, of course, you vo met abroad somewhere " "Just out at Gibraltar, Halifax, the OCape, and Colombo. Mrs Foylo is cos mopo!itan, and I have come across her ou heard of her pretty wmll all round the globe." "Do Introdudo me to your esister," said Mrs Foylo. " My ousdn, Miss Orauntham, Mrs Foyle," and Dick added romething whlch Margaret did not hear. "Tsoe is delightful," said Mrs Foyle, drawing her aside. "I know Jack Ingram well, and he told me all about you. \Vo met at the Caspe on thelast voyage. Where ie he nowt" "He is dead," eald Margaret, quietly. "Yes ; he was lost at seas." "My doer Mies Gronthan, you are wrong. Mr husband saw him thre oweeks ago on board a steamer, and saw him land at Southampton. Coarlbory I Dick, come hereo-quitk I Miss Grautham's going to faint. I am afraid I have taken her by surprise. There is something quite wrong sbout this." Dick was just in time to give Margaret thu support of his strong arm. But al. though sho sonmed on the point of losing consoiousness she did not actually faint, but In a minute or two was full of anima. tion, and even gaiety. Jack was alive I But horo owas ho? Why had he not come down or written? (To be Continued). 