THE AMERICAN LOAN. Not so long ago tho cableman hml a' good deal to eny about the collapse of securities in America, ami the fearful financial havoc re sulting from the warlike despatches of Pre sident Cleveland to Prime Minister Salis bury. That there was tension in the money market and that securities were visibly affected may be believed, but things, if not rose-tinted for the time being, certainly were not painted aa blue as the cableman described. We are now informed that the American Loan of 20 millions sterling has been subscribed five times over. When financiers are anxious to advance a nation £100,000,000 thincja are not very sick. The rate ot the new four per cent, is from par to 19 premium which is a handsome tribute to the financial stability of America. The success of the loan is ako an assuranoo of peace, for tho subscribers are surely sanguine of tho continuanoo of friendly relations between America and tho nation or they would not have risked their money and prosperity in America means a great deal for Australia. Tho rocontjriso in the price of wool was the result of tho birth of better times in the Great American Republic. OukFouhth Pack—A quantity of intores* ting news will be found 011 our fourth paije. Tab Silt in the Dock.—Wo have been informed by our member Mr A. W. H. White that- tho Engineer for existing lines states that the work of removing silt from tho wlmrf dock will ho commenced immedi ately. This is good nows, for tho working men, and for all concerned. Mr White is worthy of credi t for tho interest ho has taken in this matter. Tim Accidrnx to the Mayoh—Tho pub* lie in goneral will bo pleased to learn that the dootor's report in moro favorable toward** the Mayor's recovery, but. it will be neces* sary to keep liim perfectly quiet and without any excitement for some time to come. Mr and Mrs Scrttt wish lo convoy their ihaiiks to all who have shown their sympathy by calling and otherwise making enquiries. Bailakat Exhibition. — On Friday, 23th February, a special train will leave tichucn for Billurat, for tho bonefit of those who wish to attend the Billarnt Exhibition. The fares, which are set down at 10j Gd for adnltB and 3s 8d for children, should he un inducement to anyone requiring an holiday. Tnc Incomes op Patiknth and Medical Charges.—A correspondent seeks our opinion on the rules by which to judgo a patient's income and tho right of a medicil man to assess it at any rate at which he may have cause, real or imaginaryi to estimate it. Our opinion on such matters must necessarily bo soinowhat vngno and general, but thero aro cortain rulos by which a medical man is guided in charging his patients. Wo should bo sorry to sou him become a sort of asno.ssor of income tax. Wo should disapprove as alike impossiblo and undignified any minute scrutiny into tho particulars of a patient's means. The amount of his ront is a guide to his position, but only a rough one, and ono not to bo mado tco much of. On the whole a medical man docs best to bo guided by a sense of the valuo of bis own servicos to the pationt, without attempting to differen tiate him from other patients and nuking i» separate tariff for oaoh. A man with a high rent may bo practically much less able to pay than one with half the ront, and thero are tho greatest objections—which wo cannot specify hero- to a mcdical man speculating on tho income of his patients. Questions of distance, trouble, night work, and anxiety are all fair elements for consideration. But the question of particular income does njt arise save to check any tendenoy to under charge or overcharge, by oithor of which a medical man often does himself muoh harm. —Lancet Ge NEItAL CoMJlIBSIoS AOENOY.— We I direct attention. to an advertisement else whora intimating to the general public that Bit E. R. Rcilly has commenced business ;in High-street, as nn accountant and commission agent. Seeing that ho has had ten years', experience with Shackoll, W'hito and Oo., and lins good businoss capa bilities, lie should bo successful in his now vonturo* Australia's Military Forces.—At the annual staff picnic nn Thursday' Majcr Geueral Button, tho retiring commandant, in a farewell .spoccli, said Australia waB on tho point of a fresh doparturo on tho part of tho military forc«3, whioh would place them all on a highor lovel. InBtoad of being tho forcoof New South Wales, tho larger part of them would become connected with tho forces of Australia. Under the present arrangement they wora subject to local and to personal influences, but in future, he trusted, they would be abovo all that, as their responsibilities would become Aus tralian and thoir obligations national. Wonders op a far off Land.—This is how a home journal for young children describes some wonderful fish whioh aro alleged to abound in differenb parts of Australia Recently we referred to some of tho ro markablo fish found in the Australian waters. There are still stranger ones, wo aro told. The hopping fish, a variety of gobii, or sea gudgeon, has its fins dovelopcd into legs, so that tho animal is able to leap along the mud flatt which it frequents. Tho eyes of this fish are curiously placod at the top of its head, and are capable of being thrust far out of their sockets, and of moving indepen dently of ono another. The hippooampus, or sea horse, bo named from a resomblance in the shape of the head and fore part of the body to that of tho horse, is n very Bingular fish, hut the yhylloptoryx is, perhaps, the most remarkable fish of Australia, if not of the world. It is liko tho ghost of a sea horse, with its winding shoot nil in ribbons around it. Its tattered cerements are in shape and colour liko the sea weed it frequents, so that it hides and feeds with safety. 