NEWS OF THE WEEK. TENDERS FOB PUBLIC WORKS.-Tenders for various public works were opened as usual at the office of the Works Depart- ment at noon on Tuesday. The following were the lowest tenders in respect of the works mentioned:-Roebourne gaolers* and prison warders' quarters, S. Stansmore; Newcastle police quarters, H. Parker ; Car narvon- Gascoyne junction police station, P. Davern. THE BUNGEMALL GOLD FIND.-A tele Sam lias been received from the Resident agistrate at Carnarvon, stating that a good supply of water has been struck at ' 30ft on the scene of -the recent gold dis- covery at Bungemall. Mr. C. D. V. Poss adds that development work on the pro- perty is progressing satisfactorily. SWANS.-It was notified in this week's Oatntte that the Government are prepared to purchase swans at £1 ' 10s. a-piece for every* healthy bird delivered alive to Special-constable Rowell, at Mill Point, or the police stations at Busselton, Bunbury, and Pinjarrah. This is an addition of 10s. t to the price previously offered, fi ÄOADS BOAHD ELECTIONS.-The follow 1 jug elections are notified in this week's \ Oatette:-Upper Blackwood Roads Board: Chairman, Wm. Forrest ; members, E. Lee .gteere, F. A. Nix, G. W. Hawkins, Thos. Mcalinden. Plantagenet Roads Board: Member, Edward Egerton Warburton, vice Alban Luxmore Marshall, resigned. Lower Blackwood Roads Board: Member, James Kearney, jun., vice Thos. Dickson, jun., resigned. ^ FREMANTLE LITERARY AND MUSICAL SOOIETT.- On Monday evening last the Fremantle Literary and Musical Society held their usual weekly meeting, when a lecture by the president, Mr. W. A. Win day, entitled " Before and Behind the Scenes," was. given. The address was -listened to with marked attention, and frequent tekons of approbation were given during the discourse. At the close, the lecturer was accorded á hearty vote of thanks, carried by acclamation. SUGGESTED FORECLOSURE OF THE MID- ' tiA&D; RAILWAY.-Mr. Lefroy gave notice in the Assembly on Sept. 3 that on the ! 16th inst, he would move-" That in the opinion of this House it is desirable that the Government should exercise the right of foreclosure over the Midland Railway immediately they are in a position to do so by the agreement made under the Mid hind Railway Loan Act, 1893, and that the holders of the company's debentures should be paid such sum as Parliament may decide to be a fair consideration for their interests." TJPPE» ASHBURTON.-A correspondent, writing from the Upper Ashburton recently, says :-"The weather here is nice and codr* now. There has been no rain this winter so far. The country from Glojhs Hill station u»_the riverjie looking well for ^^fSSsTbut rain is ttfSnted Badly in some places, especially from Peepingee to the port of Onslow. The country there is actually worse than it was in the drought, a|hd if they get no rain there this winter it mil be a poor lookout for the stock depas- turing on those places. The West Ashburn ton is equally as bad." REPORTED ACCIDENT ON THE MULLEWÍ CDE LIKE.-A correspondent gives us the following particulars of an accident re Soïted to have happened on the Mullewa ùe railway line last Friday evening. It is said tliat a mixed train consisting of 21 tröcks and ft passenger carrage, was pro- ceeding fram Mullewa. When about six ¿mies from tue starting point some of the ÎfÙcks left the rajls. The engine and pas singer carriage fortunately retained their position, but the trucks and brake-van ara said to have been smashed to pieces. It ia also reported that the guard was severely ! injured. THE WRECKED KETCH SWIFT-Tho Postmaster-General on Tuesday received a telegram addressed from Eyre from Mr. Brown, officer in charge of the telegraph construction party which is engaged in recovering the cargo of telegraph material from the wreoked ketch Swift, at Twilight Cove. , Mr. Kidwn stated that 35 tons of material had been recovered up to Monday morning. Since Saturday the salvage operations had been hampered by heavy emf at tho wrepk, and the only boat re- maining liad been stove in. A raft had, however, been made, and with this it was hoped, if the weather permitted, to bring the balance of the material ashore in a day or two. TREE PLANTING AT KANOWNA.-The Bureau of Agriculture sont a short time ago, in response to the request of the Mayov of Kanowna, twelve assorted shade trees for experimental planting in the township. Under date of the 3rd inst., the Mayor (Mr. W. Lowes) wrote to the secre- tary stating that the trees "were all planted on Sunday, the 28rd August, and are looking splendidest this date. I will advise you later as to their progress. I feel confident that with proper attention almost any tree will grow in this town." There have been two consignments of trees and plants sold in Coolgardie recently, arid both realised good prices. DEAF AND DUMB SCHOOL.-Good pro- gresses being made with the school for the deaf and dumb of this colony, started in Perth recently by Mr. Witchell. Mr. Witchell recently paid a visit to Northam in connection with the objects of the Behool, and the interestshewn there, which was commenced some time before owing to the efforts of Mr. Day, chemist, of that town, has so increased that the Northam Amateur Dramatic Club intends giving an entertainment at an early date in aid of tho institution. It is Mr. Witcholl's in ÍSntion to send Mr. Thompson, the brother f the matron of tho Behool, and who, himself an educated deaf mule, is greatly in torostud in tho work, to visit tho towns along tho Groat Southern lina for the pur poSG'of collecting subscriptions in aid of v :,ytbe funds'.of the Behool. ! y'^WKfaiw»' SAfcAMBi-i.r-At: tho meeting the State schools in the district. The return was furnished by the Education Department at the request of the board. It appeared to come as a revelation, to some extent, and shewed a considerable interval between the amounts paid to the head teachers and those paid to the assis- tants. In one case the head teacher re- ceived £300 and the assistant £125, and there were several other instances where the gap was an exceedingly wide one. These differences caused considerable com- ment amongst members of the board, and there was a generally expressed opinion that the salaries paid to the lower grades were altogether inadequate. THE GREAT OVERSIGHT MINE.-Regard- ing this property, Mr. Herbert J. -Daley, the special correspondent of the Argus, writes: A proprietary company is now being formed to take over the Great Over sight mine and other leases, containing an aggregate area of 174 acres. An open cut on this property has been extended for 345ft. in a northerly direction, and is 10ft. wjde by 9ft. deep. " Here a heavy cemented deposit has been exposed, which also ap- pears to be capping a large lode formation. By prospecting with a tin dish payable gold can be obtained almost anywhere along this trench. It has been proved by a shaft to a depth of 30ft. A main water shaft has been sunk on the western ¿ide of the workings, and at a depth of 200ft. a crosscut is being driven easterly. A bat- tery of five heads is now in course of erec- tion on the mine. It is intended to work the surface of the mine on the open-cut system. REGISTRATION* OF COMPANIES.-The fol- lowing companies were registered last week at the office of the Registrar of Companies : -Local : Kalgoorlie Steam Pressed Brick Co., Ltd. (6,500 ¿1 shares) ; West Austra- lian Hotel Syndicate, Ltd. (25 £50 shares); Hasset's Mount Malcolm Development Syn dicate,N.L. (150J210shares) ; Menzies Gold- fields Stock Exchange, Ltd. (100 £1 shares); Heidelberg Syndicate No. 2, N.L. (76 £20 shares) ; London and Coolgardie Invest- ment Syndicate, Ltd. (250 .£10 shaves) ; Commercial Chambers Co., Ltd. (2,500 .£1 j shares) ; Admiral G.M. Co., N.L. (1,600 Xl I shires). Foreign: General Gordon Main j Lode G.J£. Cpv N.L.j Mason Westralia j Syndicate, Ltd.; I>Cj?enu Western Austra- ' lian Gold Mines, Ltd.; Queen Margaret G.M. Co., Ltd.; Intercolonial Ste-miship j Co., Ltd.; New Australasian Gold Minés, ? Ltd.; Hanuan's Public Crushing, Condons- | ing, and Saw Mill Co., Ltd.; Great Boulder j South G.M. Co., Ltd.; General Gordon Ex- tended G.M. Co., N.L.; Boulder Brown Hill G.M. Co., N.L. 1' BEMÄNTLE KOADS BOARD. - At the monthly meeting of the Fremantle Roads Board, held on Tuesday evening, the fol- lowing estimates for expenditure on works cfcring the ensuing year were drawn up : ' Cabling - road, ¿£1,000 ; Forrest - road, £1#00; Riverside-road, £2,000; Ru-sell road, £1,000 ; Polstan's - road, £250; Preston Point - road, £250 ; Hamilton I Hill-road, £60 ; and Powell- road, £G0. j It was resolved to expend the follow I ing amounts for maintenance pur- poses :-Ëockinghaui-road, £760 ; Canuing ! road, £500 ; Russell-road, £250 ; Hamilton Hill road, £150 ; Tangebub-road, £50 ; and Preston Point-road, £50. It was decided to call for tenders for the following works : i -Supplying 100 yards of capstone for the Canning-road ; construction of about 40 chains of the Canning-road, starting from j the end of the present macadamised por- tion, about four miles from Fremantle ; and the construction of 10 chains of the ! Poweíl-road, near the Four-mile Well.. MINE MANAGERS AND THE WATER SUPPLY SCHEME.-On Sept, 3 tue Premier received the following telegram from Mr. R. D. Thompson, the president of the Mino Managers' Institute of Western Aus- tralia :-" Sir John Forrest. Sir,-I am requested by the members of the Mine Managers' Institute of Western Australia to convey to you the expression of their hearty approval, after mature considera- tion, Of your goldfields water supply scheme.-lt. D. lHOMFS07i,-President.'' In reply to this Sir John Forrest sent the following message :-" I thank the mem- bers of the Mine Managers' Institute for their expression of approval of thc pro-, posed Coolgardie goldfields water supply scheme now under the consideration of Parliament. 1 am glad that the Govern- ment are acting in accord with the views of the experienced body of which you are president, and I feel sure our united efforts will be successful and will result in a new era of prosperity to the colony at large.-JOHN FORREST. Premier." PINGELLY.-Our Pingelly correspondent writes under date 6th inst. : It is with the greatest sorrow that I record the death of Mr. Henry Clark, aged 23, son of Alfred S. Clark, of Mourambine, formerly of England, j Mr. Clark had just started business at the Yerilla goldfields, when he was taken ill with typhoid fever. Every kindness and assistance was tendered him by a loving father and mother, assisted by sympathis- ing residents of the district. The services of Drs. Davis and Blanchard were procured, but these gentlemen pronounced the case hopeless. Mr. Clark expired at 11 p.m. on Friday, and at 4.30 p.m. on Saturday the funeral took place. The chief mourners were Mr. Alfred S. Clark, Miss R. Clark, and Mr. John F. Law. The pall-bearers were Messrs. C. C. Smith, J.P., G. M. Sewell, W. C. Strickland, L. L. Smith, J.P., S. H. Sewell B. Snow, and between 70 and 100 followers. The burial service was con- ducted by the Rev. F. C. Gillett. The deepest sympathy for the bereaved family is expressed by the whole of the residents of the district, the deceased having by his kind and hearty manner made, a great number of friends. TUE COOLGARDIE WATER. SUPPLY SCHEME. -It is understood that the data in connec- tion with tho Coolgardie water subply scheme for thc iuformationof theocramfttee of expert engineers- in England to whom tho «chorno is to bo submitted for report have now boon 'forwarded. AB there may, however, be several local oircum ??T&!?5i!5n which tliocommitteewóuld desire C. Y. O'Connor) should proceed to England to furnish such information, if desired, rather than that it should be necessary to supply it by cable, or that the committee might, in the absence of information, recommend some modification of the scheme which local circumstances with ! which they were not acquainted would render impracticable. It is probable that Mr. O'Connor will proceed to England in about a month's time. In the event of the committee of engineers reporting favourably on the scheme, Mr. O'Connor's presence would be of value in expediting the arrangements for the shipment of material to the colony. Arrangements would be made to commence at once the despatch of the steel plates from which it is intended the pipes for the scheme shall be rolled in tho colony. SIB GERARD SMITH AND "TRUTH."-It will be remembered that some months ago, speaking at a luncheon at Carlisle vineyard, ne ir Guildford, His Excellency the Go- vernor made some humorous allusions in regard to his ancestry. Those allusions were taken seriouslyin some local quarters, and London Truth, Mr. Labouchere's paper, fell into a similar error. In its issue of August 6, which arrived by the last mail from England, Truth explains how the mistake arose. " Some comment was," remarks the editor, "made in Truth a few weeks ago upon a speech of Sir Gerard Smith, the Governor of Western Aus- tralia, which I think it is my duty to modify on further information as to the facts. The truth seems to be that the speech in question was made to an audience of about twenty people in a tent, on the occasion of an inspection of a vine- growing district by a committee of the Bureau of Agriculture ; and that the report which found its way into one of the local papers, and on which my comment was founded, was" chiefly the product of journalistic imagination, and bore no relation whatever to the Governor's remarks. At this distance of time it seems hardly worth while to say more on the subject, or I should be disposed to tender some advice to one of my West Australian contemporaries ou the dût es of a news- paper in reporting the speeches of public men." THE GOVERNOR OF NEW ZEALAND. The London correspondent of the Auckland Weekly News writes :-"Lord Glasgow's friends say that he will have to give up the New Zealand Governorship and be , back in England before the ond of the Current year. Already there is a good deal of speculation as to his probable successor. * I bad iV long chat at one of the West-End Clubs with ¿IC2 who are in the way of hearing early whispers aùôlli1 these things, but nobody felt warranted in sug gesl ing even a guess. There seems to be a feeling in official, if not in political, quarters that the departure from the old system of professional Governorships has not been an unqualified success. A veteran in the service remarked to me recently that there was a very great advantage in having professional Governors of the old sort who had promotion to look forward to, and who consequently were more careful in their methods than some of their successors have been, who are free at any time to ' chuck up ' if the Secretary of State happens to disapprove anything they have done. However, the stock of experienced professionals has run rather low just now, and there are so many ambitious young peers anxious to try their 'prentice hand on governing an important colony that it is more than probable that another member of the House of Lords will succeed Lord Glasgow at Government House, Wellington." ENGINE-DRIVERS* CERTIFICATES. - The following candidates have passed the nterim examination held at Cue on August 29th, 1896, by the Board of Examiners for the Central Goldfields for the granting of engine-drivers' certificates under the Mines Regulation Act of 1895 : Certificates of Competency : Charles Stacey, Cuddingwarra; William Gibbs, Day Dawn; William Williams, Lake Austin; Frank Patchell, Cue ; Walter Forman, Day Dawn; K. D. Graham, Cue; Ben Crow, Cue; A. Whitelaw, Cue; Charles Hossack, Lake Austin ; Matthew Martin, Day Dawn ; Llewellen Lewis, Cuddingwarra; Edward W. Gooch, Cuddingwarra; Robert Parr, Cuddingwarra ; Albert E. Giles, Day Dawn ; James Crawford, Cue, not to drive a winding engine; George Clinch, Day Dawn, not to drive a winding engine; Joseph Garst, Cue, not to drive a winding engine ; Bert Williams, Nannine, not to drive a winding engine ; Arch. Carmichael, Cuddingwarra, not to drive a winding engin3. Twenty candi- dates failed. Certificates of Service : James Davidson, Wm. H. Green, George Carter, Day Dawn ; Chas. J. Paull, Cue ; Henry Simpson, Spencer F. Marchant, Day Dawn; Thos. Muir, John Brown, Cuddingwarra ; Wm. Orchard, Cue ; John A. Avvidson, James Elder, Day Dawn ; J. C. Simmons, Gabriel Wingate, Cudding- warra ; William Huline, Cue. Three can- didates failed. PROPOSED ANGLICAN GRAMMAR SCHOOL. -A movement Ivas been initiated for the establishment of a grammar school in con- nection with the Anglican Church. A pro- visional committee has beenappointed, con- sisting of the Right Rev. Dr. Riley (Bishop of Perth), the Chief Justice Sir Alex. Onslow, Mr. S. Burt, Q.C., M.L.A., Mr. Justice Stone, Dean Goldsmith, Messrs. R. G. Burges, M.L.C., J. W. Hackett, M.L.C., H. J. Saunders, M.L.C., H. B. Lefroy, M.L.A., and the Rev. D. J. Garland. It is proposed to build a school on Church land at South Perth. The site is a good one, and will be easy of access to the city. It is intended to provide a commercial, English, classical, mathematical, scientific, and technical edu- cation. The first buildings to be erected will bo the school house, withrat least four olats-rooins, and- the headmasters house, with accommodation for boarders. Fivo thousand pounds aro asked to commence tho worland of this sum over a thousand {'oundi'- liave boon promised, Subacrip ions^waye beon received as follows i MB tDfoellency tho Governor, £100 ¡ Mr. M^:Ç^^QB)^Mpo j : Mr. H. J. Saunders, W. Hackett, £50; Mr. E. P. Darlot, £25; Mr. H. W. Sholl, £10 10s. ; the Bishop of Perth, £10; the Dean of Perth, £10 ; Mr. H. B. Lefroy, £10 ; Mr. E. P. Sholl, £10 ; Mr. A. G. Hassell, £5 ; Mr. H. D. Holmes, £5 ; Mr. F. Craig, £25 ; Mr. S. Burt, £50 ; Mr. J. * Whittingham, £5 ; the Rev. Canon Groser, £1. Subscriptions will be received by any member of the committee or by the hon. secretary at the Anglican Church office. THE JAPANESE EARTHQUAKE.--Mr. W. T. Allen, of the West Australian Mortgage Co., writing from Perth to the Australasian on August 6, says :-" In connection with the recent disastrous waves on the coasts of Japan and China, the following facts may interest readers who study such phenomena, which, so far as I am aware, have not been previously reported: At the date of the above occurrence, I was on Karratha Station, about 30 miles west of Roeburne, W.A., and whilst there several distinct shocks of earthquake were felt by many persons in that locality, one in particular being so severe that the iron roofs rattled on the buildings, causing the manager's family to rush out of doors. This lasted about a minute, during which time the earth trembled and a noise was heard resembling that caused by a vehicle when rapidly driven over a bridge, the motion appearing to be travelling from south to north. Mr. Tozer, manager of Kar- ratha, assured me that he distinctly heard the explosions, when Krakatoa was blown to atoms in the Sunda Straits some years ago, on which I re- marked- " If we watch the cables for the next few days, we shall probably hear of some great seismic disaster,' which predic- tion, unfortunately for its victims, was amply verified. The weather at the time the above happened was warm, clear, and perfectly calm. The editor of the Aus- tralasian appends to the above the sub- joined note:-'As earth tremors are often noticed in Australia, mere coinci- dence in date is hardly sufficient to connect an earthquake in Japan with a slight movement in North- West Aus- tralia. At the same time, it is believed that slight shocks recorded in some of the European observatories were traceable to Japan. Mr. Allen has omitted to supply two particulars, the precise day and hour when the tremors were noticed. Without such data the observations are of no value.' THE MENZIES RAILWAY.-The Premier, j Sir John Forrest, on Friday received a j la ge deputation, representing the Perth and Fremantle Chambers of Commerce and ! various other bodies, from Bunbury in the south to Geraldton in the north. The ob joct of the deputation was to place before the GoverhnI52t- the arguments in favour of a trial survey of à railway route from Southern Cross to Menzies being under- taken in connection with the proposed line to the latter place, Mr. George Randell, M.L.A., introduced the deputation, and there were several other members of both Houses of Parliament present. Two ret9 sons were given for the building of the proposed line from Southern Cross. First it was pointed out that when the railway from Esperance to Coolgardie was an accomplished fact, as it was assumed that it would be in time, the merchants and producers on the west coast, and in the older settled districts, would lose the greater portion of the goldfields trade, which would then be done by the Eastern Colonies. It was said by several of the speakers that this would to some extent be obviated by making .Southern Cross the starting point tor all the eastern goldfields railways. Secondly, it was stated that the line via Southern Cross would he some 60 miles shorter from the coast than by any other route that could be chosen, and that it would develop a large tract of highly auriferous country. In reply the Premier said that he saw no reason why a trial sur- vey should not be made of the suggested route, but at the same time he pointed to the fact that by beginning the line either from Kalgoorlie or Coolgardie many more estabUshed centres would be served. The Menzies people, he stated, were hot the only oneB asking for this railway. The people at 25-Mile, Black Flag, Broad Arrow, Bardoc, Goongarrie were also anxious to have better communication, and he thought they deserved it. He inti- mated the intention of the Government to refer the question of the selection of the routes to a committee when the Bill was brought up for consideration. LEASING LAND.-An interesting applica- tion is about to be made by the Church of England trustees of the leasing principle as regards lands at East Fremantle. It is proposed to subdivide Lots 44, 45, 76, 77, 78, 80, 81, 82, 83, and 84 (67 acres in all), situated in East Fremantle, and to lease building blocks measuring 30ft. x 150ft. or thereabouts, with a r 'ght-of-way in all cases at tho back, for a term of 21 years. The lessees will be required to pay survey fee and stamp duty, rates and taxes, and a good rent, of £1 per annum for thefirst seven years, £2 per annum for the second seven years, and £3 per annum for the third seven years, all leases to date from January 1, 1897. Not more than two blocks are to be leased to one person, except by special arrange- ment, and lessees may not transfer their leases unless the following conditions are observed :-(a) That lease be lodged with the trustees or their agent in order that j transfermaybeendorsedthereon, withafee of 5s ; (b) That lease shall not be trans- ! ferred, except by special arrangement, to any ' person who already holds more than one block. The lessees may not remove im- provements except by special arrangements and all leases will be liable to be cancelled in any of the following cases : (al If the renfls not paid on or before the lût of March in any year j (o) If the lessees falito pay rates and taxes or to« Comply with municipal or health board regulations, or to recoup tho trus- tees for expenses incurred in carrying out such insulations j (c) If the lessees apply for a license for the salo of intoxi- cating liquors v (à) li the lessees erect J more than one dwelling-house on ono ] #lo^ in the opinion of the trustees is detri- mental to the health or comfort of the community. Full particulars may be obtained on application to either of the members of the vestry, viz. :-archdeacon Watkins, and Messrs. P. C. Webster, P. Awcock, J, Church, E. Desborough, A. F. Durlacher, and J. B. Percy, ancTto Mr. Horatio Robson. CUSTOMS DUTIES REPEAL BILL.--The following is the schedule to the Customs Duties Repeal Bill, which was read a first time in the Assembly on Sept. 3. The Bill places the articles enumerated on the free list:-Agricultural, horticultural (not gar- den rollers), and viticultural implements, and machinery, and parts of same; as- bestos, bellows, belting for machiney, bench rcrews, blocks and sheaves, boiler fluid, boilers (steam and parts of), n.o.e. ; bookbinders' machinery and materials, n.o.e. ; candlemakers' materials (including candlewick, cardboard candle wrappers, candle labels, tissue pap sr for wrapping, and Japan wax); cardboard for boxmaking, carriage and cart makers' materials, n.o.e. : cotton, waste, crucibles, cyanide, dyers' materials, electrical machinery, emery wheels, engine packing, files, fire clay, flock, kapoc, and horsehair ; forges, anvils : and vices ; furniture-makers' material, I n.o.e. ; gridery (shoemakers'); hose of all kinds, n,o.e. ; jacks and winches (lifting), lead piping; lithographic machinery, presses and materials, including stones, machinery and parts of, n.o.e. ; millstones mining machinery of all- kinds, and parts thereof, n.o.e. ; nails, screws, tacks, bolts,, nuts, rivets, spikes and washers; oakum ; oil, cod, in bulk, fish, vegetable, and tur- pentine ; paper (unprinted) in the flat, in original wrappers, n.o.e. ; printing machinery, presses, type, and material, n.o.e. ; pumps and apparatus for raising water, n.o.e.; quicksilver, resin, retorts, saddlers' materials, furniture and iron monery ; sieves of all kinds, silk for flour dressing, smelting material, n.o.e. ; soap makers' materials (including caustic soda, resin, cocoanut oil, palm oil and olein; I soda-ash and nitrate of potash, soda crys I tals ; tanning materials (sumach, myra bollams, valonia) ; telegraph and tele- phone material, including instruments; timber in short lengths for ca-e-making ; tin (block and foil) ; tools and parts there- of, and handles ; winches and jacks (lift- ing); wire cloth, gauges and screens for quartz crushing ; wire rope. INTERESTING TO SHAREHOLDERS.-Writ- ing to the South Australian Register a correspondent remarks :-" It is somewhat amusing-that is if you are not a shareholder-to take a turn around the mines. It is calculated by those who know that, with few exceptions^ every bit of work done costs about double what it ought to do. Men utterly unused to mining accept with lying alacrity tho >uost resposible positions, and then begin to loaf the hours away with the most patient indifferelioe. Drive up unex- pectedly to a mine, and you usually soe one man at a windlass leisurely surreying the country from the top of a mullock heap, occasionally shouting words of cheer to his mate below. To most of such mines a captain is appointed. He has probably from four to eight men under him. He is not ex- pected to work himself, and often enough does not seem to regard it as any part of his duty to make others work. Ha is paid for lying in his tent reading and banging away the flies with a mallee branch; at least one would suppose so from the assiduity with which he performs this task. Take five mines out of ten and get the work done valued, and compare the cost with what it ought to have cost, and the shareholders would be ill for a week. But then who knows ? Do the directors ? Does the secretary ? What need of a captain over every little mining property? If some trouble were taken, could not adjacent properties be worked under the general supervision of some good man, the payment of whose salary could be shared by the whole, and then let the in- dividual mines have a good practical miner as foreman. A time is coming, and that rapidly, too, when, in order to pay divi- dends, expenses must be kept down, and the strictest personal supervision must be exer- cised. Let those who are responsible in Adelaide ask themselves what they really know of the cost of the work done as com- pared with what it ought to cost, of the time taken to do things compared with what it ought to take. A little serious thought on these matters would, I am sure, result in drastic changes. Some of the direc- tors send their secretaries round now and then, but what do they know about mining -the^ majority of them ?-they are only office men." If some of the Adelaide Com- panies would only combine and send round every now and then a competent and inde- pendent inspector to examine and report, the increased activity which would result would pay for the cost over and over again, and the noble army of mining captains would come out of their tents and bustle around a bit. Criticism of this kind is not, of course, capable of universal ap- plication, but I have visited scores of mines, and in the majority of instances I have seen from captain downward but little energy or push, and the whole system wants altering badly if shareholders are ever to get the ghost of a dividend." 