THE EDUCATION QUESTION ■ Sir W. V, Harcoart lias amiounoed that it is the intention of the liberal Party to fight the Education Billclaufle by clause daring its progress through Committee of the CommoiiS. Infollow ingthis coarse he and his friends will be playing an uphill game, inasmuch as the House has already dedared in favour of the general principles of the measure-by the immense majority of 207. Butfrom-a tactical point of view, there can be no doubt that the policy announced by the Opposition" leader as a sound one. That the declaration -that each clause is to be rigorously contested is no rain boast may be judged from the announcement that special measures are to be taken to keep the number of amendments down to 1,503! Hie truth is that the Govern ment, in their dealings with the Liberal Unionists and the Home Rulers, have cunningly mixed the fattens with the 8weets, 80 that it is impossible for any -party to reject the Bill in toto without appearing to dissent from principles which are admitted to be unexceptionable. By enforcing a discussion and a distinct-vote on each of the vital questions involved in the measure Sir W. V. Harcourt will put to the test the consistency of those Liberal Unionists and others, who are pledged to the principle of keeping Church and State separate. To vest certain departments ' of educational control in the County Councils, and thus to preserve the manage ment of the schools from much of that hole-and-corner intriguing which so often characterizes the actions of village Boards, would ^certainly be a very desirable reform. Something of the same kind as regards South Aus tralia was proposed recently in our columns by a correspondent who sug gested that the insignificant and irksome duties now remaining for School Boards of Advice to carry out" might advantageously be trans ferred to Corporations and District Councils. As these bodies employ clerks, inspectors, and other officers, it would be comparatively easy for them to undertake the inspection of school build ings and even the checking of truancy. If members of Boards of Advice are to have practically no other functions than those of inspectors of nuisances they would most of them willingly delegate their autho rity to those whose business it is to attend to similar matters beyond the limits of the school grounds. Without committing ourselves as to the complete practicability of such a scheme under existing conditions we merely call atten tion at present to the analogy between this proposal and what is being organized on a much larger scale in England. If, however, Corporations and District Councils were to be empowered to put a a stop to the development of the State school system and- to offer a special subsidy, in addition to an ordinary capita tion grant, for the purpose of enabling the schools of a National Church to over shadow those of the State, such a pro posal would certainly in this country arouse the most strenuous opposition. In England the position is complicated not only by the general favour with which the idea of calling in the aid of the County Council is regarded, but also by the fact that the large additional outlay 'involved in the special grants will add considerably to the emoluments of very many of the teachers. last month, when Mr. T. J. MacNamara, the President of the National Union of Teachers, de livered an address on the new Bill, the trend of his argument throughout was eminently calculated to remind his hearers of the plea of^the old Apothecary in "Borneo and Juliet," "My poverty, but not my will, consents." Mr. Macnamara has more than once resisted with might and main the encroachments of sec tarianism upon the Board Schools of London. When, therefore, it was found ; that, in some of its particulars, he warmly approved of the new Bill the | Times compared his utterance to the bless i ing bestowed by Balaam where a curse was expected. J t is only fair to add, how ever, that he said far more against the measure than in favour of it. No body of men can be expected to reply in the negative to a question as to whether they will be willing to consent to an increase of pay. The President of the Teachers' Union virtually ac cepts, on their behalf, this .pro posed addition to their salaries, but rejects most of the other vital points of the Bill. That his opposition to what he considers the more objectionable portions is rendered less strenuous by the thought that the teachers are obtaining a favour from the present Government may be taken for granted, as it would not do to adopt too openly the attitude of a sick child who wants to swallow the jam while refusing the medicine. The voluntary schools are to receive a special grant, and may be built out of loans provided by the general taxpayer. This is a great concession to denomina tionalism, especially as it may seem to carry with it the corollary that in many localities the Nonconformist parent will have to accept for his children religious instruction after Anglican methods or submit to have them shut out from all chance of getting an elementary educa tion. Nominally so gross an injustice is not to be perpetrated, for the Bill provides not only what is generally known as a conscience clause, permitting the children of other denominations to absent themselves while special sectarian instruction is being imparted, but also allows ministers and other accredited teachers of Nonconformist bodies to enter the schools and give their own distinctive; religious teaching in separate rooms. Still .it is not to^e expected that these provi sions Should give satisfaction. Referring to the laafc-mentioned proposal the Leeds Mercury, for example, says:—" We torn away with loathing from the idea that the various classrooms of our elementary schools may in future be labelled"accord ing to the divisions of the Churches, and that the floors and playgrounds of those schools should be the battle-grounds of religious sects." Mr. JMacnam&ra;, it is j true, is inclined to agree with Sir John Gorstthat the religious-difficulty really has j no existence in the schools, but he has a j curious way of supporting that position. He shows that all provision for Noncon formist sectarian religious instruction must inevitably remain pretty much a dead letter; and that the great majority of the children in voluntary Anglican schools will probably sit still and receive any denominational instruction which j may be given to tliem. This state of j things is not likely to commend itself to the great majority of -Nonconfor- j mists. Indeed, the very circumstance j that their children are practically helpless ! in the matter, will impress upon them the necessity of bestirring themselves in opposition to a system so obviously con ducive to proselytism. The President of the Teachers' Union i sums up his comments on this part of the subject with that well-worn query of j a former British Premier, "Why can't you let it alone ?" Sectarian controversy ; has, however, been fairly aroused. Un like some spirits, which do not neces- j sarily appear when summoned from the j vasty deep, this is a real ghost, and i it will prove no easy matter to lay it. j Already the form in which it has been raised by the Bill has led to heartburn- j ings which threaten to issue in political j readjustments of a very important eha- j racter. The fifty-two Irish members i who crossed the floor of the House j to vote for the second reading j of the Bill have been denounced by lead- i ing Nonconformists as showing a spirit | of ingratitude considering all that the ■ religious bodies outside of the Established j Church have done in favour of Home Rule for Ireland. The irritation which has found vent in these indignant protests is not to be wondered at, but it is to be hoped that there will be no serious attempt to punish those who have given offence by refusing them futher support in the measure which they have most at heart. It has been assumed that the j British electors who have advocated Ho2iie Rule for the sister kingdom have done so out of pure regard for j a principle, and with the object of promoting the great cause of self-govern ment. To give the impression that Non conformists have been influenced in their action towards the Irish question by a desire to secure the Irish vote on subjects affecting denominational interests would be virtually to give away all that is noble and magnanimous in the attitude taken up by most of the followers of Mr. Gladstone. The Irish members in support- j ing the Education Bill have been true to their religious principles, and no fault can fairly be found with them on that score. The great lesson of the present position in the United Kingdom, how ever, is that the controversy between State-controlled religion and perfect freedom of conscience is powerful enough to push aside all merely political issues and create an entirely new situation. 