Wesleyan SlrtEiotfisr Church. SOUTH AUSTRALIA CONFER. ENCK. NORTHERN DISTRICT SYNOD. The annual sessions nf (he Svriod Were hc£un in the Church, Port Pit in, on Tuesday, October 27. The Rev. Johu Watt.»., chairman of the diMnct, presiding;. After opening in tlie usual way, the following officers y.ere elected :•—Secretary, Rev. J. D. Lnnnsford ; asBi&tfint-seci-etaiy;, ReV. A. P. Burgess; journal Secretary, Rev. A. W. Bray; and reporter to the jjj-ess. Rev. T.~ G. White. J'hfi Rev. J. D. Langsford expressed the pleasure of himself and brethren nj I lie appointment of the Rev. John Wntfs to the chair. The Chairman suitably responded and welcomed tlie Revs. ,. C. Hill, H. C. George, G. Jlall, nnd TV. G. Clarke to the district The nsnal questions relating to ciiai-acter were asked and answered in n satisfactory tv:iv. An earnest Conversation followed the reading of the "Twelve rales of a Helper" and the " Liverpool fJitjutes."' and the desire was fully expressed for a fuller baptism of the Holy Ghost in order to a more effective service fur Christ and the Church. An evangelistic meeting was held on Tnesdny evening under Hie leadership of the Rev. J. U. Laugsford." There was a large attendance, and earnest, practical gospel addresses were delivered bv Revs. j. C. Hill, A. H. Canie, W.*T. Hialt, and f l\ G. White. FINANCIAL DISTRICT SYNOD. The financial sessions of the District Synod were held ih the Wesleyan Church, Port Pirie, on Wednesday, October 28th. In addition to the ministers there was a huge attendance of Circuit. Stewards, every Circuit in the district being repiesented. After devotional exercises, 1 he chairman of the. district welcomed the brethren,- referring to the deep interest displayed hy the neCessarv sacrifices involved in t-hfc presence of BO mail3- layineii: The annual property report showed that new erections, &c.;, to the value of £117 liad been effected during the year, and that £6.54 had been paid off the debts, reducing (he total liabilities on the properties to £18,50.9—a result considere'rl entirely fcatisfactorv, in yicw of the iinancial depression existing during the year. The fentire cost of propbrtibs in the' district, is £40;223. The amount of £730 available from the Lban Fund tvus distributed as follows :—Port Pii-ife, £364 : Wilmington, £50;, Yarcowie, £40; and Hfcwker, £75. ' The balancesheet for ttife (Uonnexional Charges Fund showed , £24 5d. raised in thb district. The ainount raised in the district lor Home Missions was £148, and for tho whole colony, £1,255 4s. Id: The amount appor tioned.to tho district for grants to dependent fcii'cuits "was £300, and the allocation was as follows:—Melrose, £35 ; Wilmingtori, £35 ; lerowie, £10 ; Crystal Brook; £15 ; Koolunga, £50; Pbrt. Augusta, £60; (Jnorn, £30; Jo'nnsbarjg, £25; afad Petersburg; £45. The statistical returns presented a donsidernblo increase! of inembbrs tin trial, but a decrease in actual clitirch membership, and the following resolution -was passed:— Tho conversation on the "work of God lias Revealed that in kfeverjil instances there has been ah ingathering of soiils, resulting in an increase of 34 on trial, for which we give thanks to God. Whilst reporting a decrease ih members it was found to be largely due to removals from the district, and the more careful revision of the rolls." Tho Rev. J. D. -Langsford was elected to accompany the Chairman to Stationary Committee; and Mr. J. C. Haslam waS recommended to be appointed on the Conferfenfca Committee. Petersburg ivas fixed as the place for holding thb sessions of the next District Synod. 