FICTION. THE HOUSE WITH ONE LIGHT. " No, miss, thoro's nobody lives thcro now. It's all shut up, whieh seems a pity for-a fino housa liko that. But old Squire, bo's a bit queer in bis head ; nnd if ho chooses to shut up tbo Hnll and livo in a bit of a cottage with two old servants— wby nobody can stop bun, you bco." "Is bo mad, then ? I didn't know you had a Squlro horo?" "O yos— old Sqairo Hardcastlo. Wo'vo had Hnrdoastlos here as long as anybody oan remember: but It seems as though thisona would bo the last," and tho woman sighed ns though sorry about something. " Is thoro a story about them ?" I asked, tor, as U was a wet ovcnlng and I had not mnoy books, I was rather glad of a bit of gossip with my landlady, who wns a pleasant old soul of tho sort onoonly meets rarely now a-days. " Get another cup, nnd I'll pour you out a cup of tea with me, and you shall tell mo iho story to pass tho tirao." " Well, miss," began Mrs. Muffler, when this arrangement had neon carried -out to our mutual satisfaotion, " I don't know that I'll sound muoh to you coming from London and furralu parts andhcaring so many odd things; but wo countrv-folks think a great deal of what happoned hereabouts. Squiro Hard eastlo was always a bit of . a miser, and he novor kopt open houso an his fathers had doue, and they do say ho and his wife hnd scenos together, and that she pined away out of chagrin and vexation. However, I don't know if that's truo. But, at last, she died when Master Geoffrey wa3 twclvo years old ; and after that things wcro moaner than over, and tho poor lad had a sad time of it when ho emtio home for his holidays. Ilin father did scna nun 10 sanooi, auu uu guv muunugu, iuu, for ho took a scholarship, and tho old man seemed as though ho couldn't forbear to let him U90 it, oyoq though he did havo to holp him with an nllowanco-whlch folks said was vory miserable and mean for a man in Master Geoffrey's position. However, he did woll at college, and we were all fond of him horo; but ho oamo loss and less ; till one Uino wheu ho had done hlB course, and wnatcd his father to do something for him — wo don't qulto know what ; but at any rate the old Squlro wouldn't do It, and there waB a dreadful quarrel over it, folks say." " Was that beforo the Hall was shut up ?" 44 Yes, just before. Old Squire was living In ono wlug then with tho samo queer old pair of servants as he's got still. They are as near In tholr ways as no, and suit him. Well, Mnstor Gooffroy, he came homo, and thcro was a groat quarrel about something— every body snya it was money— and then ho went awny noxt day in hot nngcr, nnd tho old Squlro shut up tho Hnll and wont to livo nt ono of his lodges, nnd thcro ho's lived ovor since, lotting everything go to rnek and ruin, nnd folks sny it is just to spita Mr. Geoffrey, who wilt havo to como into it by nnd by, as its nil entailed; bat they say the old man burries nil tho monoy ho saves year by year, so that his son shall never have It ; nnd they say the old man and woman know where it is, and will got it all when ho's gone." "What a very odd story," l6aid; "and where Is Mr. Geoffrey gone, and what is ho doing?" "That's what nobody knows, miss. Mr. Geoffrey was too muoh awny to mako friends hereabouts, and whon he wont thoro wasn't anybody to toll us about him. They say ho wont to furraln parts, and that ho had brains enough to got on anywhoro. I'm euro I hopo ho has. It's a crying shame, as wo all do say, that a fino promising young man, nnd no only son, shoula bo driven from homo and roado to oarn his own living, with this fino property going to plocos for want of some body to soo nftor it. But when you'vo got a hnlf'Oraokcd old miser to deal with, what aro you to do?" "And nobody lives in tho Hall?— not ovon a oarotakor?" "No, mUs, not a soul. Old Squiro won't hnvo it. Ho's got all tbo koys himself, and not a soul Is allowed in. It's ono of his orazos. Ho won't, lot a ercaturo cross tho threshold, and all tbo doors and windows aro barred or boarded up, liko as if it was a prison." Now, tho reason why I was curious about the deserted old Hall was that my bed room winaow looKoa siratgnc across as it. xreos shut It in to a very great extent - so much so that I hnd only realised quite lately that there was any houso thera at nil ; bnt through a smali gap between two llmb3 of a giant onk. a shaft of light oarne streaming night by night straight aoross from that lonely house to mv window - tho only ono it so ohanacd which looked out that way. I had seen it first by ohaneo, drawing up my blind to admiro tho offcct of tho moonlight on tho trees, and since then the strength and brilliance of tho light hod prompted me to look for it regularly. It must como from somo vory powerful lamp, I decided, and I was curious to know the moaning of that solitary light. I hnd dis- oovorod by day tho ncgleoted-looking old houso with Its many, olosod windows ; but I was not prepared to bear thatit was altogether shut up and deaorted. That night thorainacascd, and I announced my intention of going out for a moonlight stroll. I was five and twenty, and considered that I was quito ablo to tako care of myself. I was almost alone In tho world, and had a eufllolont, although not a largo, fortune, I lived in London for tho most port, in pleasant rooms of my own ; but from time to time I enjoyed burying myself completely for a few weeks In somo quito eountry plaoo like East- burv, and seeing nobody of my own olass during the wholo of that time. Some pooplo called me eccentric, but I don't kuow that I was. I was like many other women, lonely r&tbor; from choioo than necessity. I might havo changed my lot more than onco, and bnvo either married, or found cougenlal com- panionship with nice women of my acquaint- nuco, but I had nover made up mind to the sacrifico of ray independence. The memory of a certain brief episode in my life a few years book always deterred me. If he had oskcdmo— perhaps I wo rid have yielded. Bat our meeting was brief, a sudden breaking up of plans separated us without a farewell. I believe the page closed for ever but some how its memory hindered me from opening any other liko it. The house dog followed me; I instructed my landlady not to wait up I bad been cooped up all day, and a long moonlight walk had attractions for mo. I started of? at a good pace, and soon left tho village far behind. As I returned somo hours later my thoughts had strayed back, I know not how, or why, to that little hotel on Lako Lcmau, and my friendship with Mr. Casticton there. ' I re membered how bright everything had looked to mo then, howl had pictured— but then had como his temporary departuro with his friend for a day's mountaineering, the sudden scare ui iuiuipux ia iua uoici, mo rnptu and determined flight of my nunt, whom I could not dosort; and the sudden nnd complete brcaklng-off of that friendship which had been so much moro to roo than any other I hnd over known. My thoughts wcro far enough from F.nst- bury as I turned my step3 back thither at length, whon suddenly from tho crown of a lonely littlo eminence fnr away from the high road or any building I saw tho strong gleam in that dosorted house, fnlliug in a long bright ray light aoross tho sleeping meadows. And the houso was empty— not a living soul there. Suddenly tbo longing after an adventure came upon mo. I had no fear of ghosts before my eyes. I began to suspect that the old miser himself returned to his deserted houso at night perhaps to secrete somo gathered hoard, or perhaps to remove somo hoard to the nearer proximity of his own home. Could it be possible to get a peep at hlmut his own work? I was light of foot and aotive, and the old house was clothed in tangled Ivy, might ft not bo poBslblo to ollrab up as far as tho window from which the light streamed out, and sco what it all meant ? Curiosity and tho desire to solvo tho mystery got the upper hnnd, nnd off I started in tho direction of the old houso as fast nsmy fcet would carry mo, and as straight as the crow flics. As I noted tho oxtromo lonlines of tho country I was not surprised that the light bad apparently remained unnoticed by tho villagers. Thoy could sco nothing of it from thuir cottages or from tho high road. It was only vlsiblo bcro and there through n gap in tho trees or from a hillock on tho wild common. It might burn thoro a mouth un observed, I thought, but all the samo I would try and find out what it meant. With cautious steps, I approached the house through a gap in the hedge mndo by boys desirious to obtain fruit and nuts from the neglected gardens. Tho wholo houso seemed to Ho slcoping in shadow nnd 6llcneo, aud from that ono upper window did a thin shaft of light sliioo out strong nnd clear. I looked up nt It and saw that it oiftio through a round holo in a shutter, a hole that might possibly bo unknown to tho inhabitant of tho room. Tho room was In a sort of towor, and the tower was draped in tangled ivy. But there was a hotter and easier way of mountiug to the window than by the Ivy. A littlo outer spiral staircaso wound up to tho vory top just In tho angle whero tbo tower jutted from the houso Itsolf, and to enoh of the upper tower rooms wns a balcony, so thnt by standing on this balcony I folt euro thnt I could look straight through tho bole nnd into tho room. I tnlnk I felt a good deal moro nervous now than I was crooning up tho crazy littlo stair- enso than I baa douo In plnnnlng my moro preenrious asoont by tho ivy, but curiosity drew mo on, stop by stop, and at lust I reached the level of that room from which tho light shniia Rtandllv nut. Mv hf>nrfc hnnfc fnef nnrl T stopped with oxtrcma caution upon tho littlo balcony, nnd then holding hard by the Ivy, I raised myself on tiptoe, nnd .found that I could just look comfortably into tbo room. And what did I eco ? Nothing at nil dread ful. A tablo strewn with papers, and with a number of vessels and test tubes suggestive of a laboratory, a vory powerful light burning overhead and shedding a strong light upon ovcrjtbiog ; and tbo figure of a man — with his baok toward mc— mixing, with oxtromc onro, somo ingrcdionts in a mortar, nnd pounding them tORothor gently, bending from time to timo over his papers as ho worked, or lidded some frosh ingredient to tho com pound. Not a grizzled old miser otter nil No secret hoard or mystery to excito tho imagina tion. Just an ordinary young man— for the figure was powerful and rausoular, and tho hair crisp and dark, and ourllng— working o. it some chemical problem, having probably hired tills old laboratory from tho miser for a fow gold pieces. I felt rathor as though I hnd a slap in tho face, nnd was preparing to turn away nod creep homo ngain whon tho young experi menter suddenly walked round to tho other Btdo of the tablo towards a red powder, which lay there on a paper. Tho light fell upon his faoo— and I drow in my breath with a quick gasp that thcro wab almost a ory, for tho face was that of tho young man to whom I had so nearly lost my heart two short years back — tho faoe of Mr. Casticton. I stood gazing at him, fascinated and un- ablo to movo. Thero was no mistaking the hnndsomo, rather haughty face, the intellootunl head, the keen, quick oyos, tho square ohin, and resolute mouth. I should hnvo known him anywhere, I think; but with this strong light upon his face a mistake was impossiblo. I Btood gnzing spellbound, nnd whon a Biiddcn, loud noise emote upon my ears I almost gave n ory. It wa3 only tho ohurch clock striking twclvo. I counted tho strokes mechanically ns thoy fell upon my oar, nnd still I stood gazing, nnd gazing at that well-known faco. Then sud denly romombcrlng that I was no bottor thnn a spy, and thnt I nnd no business to be thero nt nil, I quickly descended from my coign of vantage, and slipped down tho littlo stairway to join my faithful ennino comrade who had remained pntlontly below. Mr. Onstloton thoro I Mr. Casticton at East- bury i I was so stunned by tho revelation that I hardly know whether or not Iwas dreaming. Instead of making straight for tho gap, I wandered nlmloBsly about tho old garden, still that light, until the dogs gave a low warning growl, and I heard tho sound of a stealthy footstep approaching. In nn instant, and with a beating heart, I slipped into a littlo nook between two great yow trees near to the garden wall, whero I wns completely concealed, nnd tho dog enmo with mo and oboyed my whispered command to keep silence. Tho moon was bright enough to show mo the approaching person. It was a bowed old man with a wizened face, nnd ho was wheel ing something with him in a barrow, which proved to bo a very heavy oaso. Ho paused so near to mo thnt I was In mortal fear of being seen, but he stopped short under tho yow tree and boRan scraping about, and finally moved a great plcco of board which I then saw concealed a deep hole, into which, with no small difficulty, he loworcd the small iron box. Thon ho oovorcd up the hole quickly, but very carefully, pushed tho wheel barrow out of sight in the bushes, and hastily hobbled away, leaving tho plneo just as the ohimo struck tho first quarter nftor twelve. I knew tho old man. Ho lived nt the lodge, nnd to-night I hnd just heard that ho was servant to tho old miser who owned tho Hall Itself. I supposed ho was hiding away somo treasure chost of his master's, and was rather surprised thnt tho ml6cr should ontrnst this task to any hired person. Howcvor, it wns no business of mine, and my heart was so full of Mr. Oastleton that I could think of nothing else, I went home, and as I wns undressing I heard an unwonted sound of footsteps under my window tramping along tho road in tho direction of tho lodge, but I thought iittto enough of it, and after lying nwake thinking over my adventures till far in the night, I fell asleep, and slept so soundly that it was past nine o'clock before I opened my eyes again. WhenI got downstairs I found myJandlady In a state of the greatest excitement. " O, Miss I" she cried, " What do you think has happoned last night? The most awful thing. Poor old Squire was murdered in his bed at twelve o'elook -just when old Mills hnd gono out to look for the dog, whioh wns missing— and folk's say there's "no manner of doubt but thnt it was his own son as did it ; for it scorns that Master Geoffrey has been hiding away thoso two weeks past up at the pld Hall, and last night ho murdered his father in his bed, and took tho money ohest off with bim, and has bid it nobody knows where." A sudden thrill ran through mo like a powerful electric shook. I sat down to the tablo nnd n«ked my landlady to tell me moro VUIJ IW IU DUIIipiy. "It's an awful thing. Miss. I heard nil about it from Bobbins, who got It straight from tho policeman. Old Mills eamo running to him oloso on half-past twelve last night, to say he'd found the old man murdered in his bed. It seems ho had bcon in to look nt his maBtor at a quartor boforo Iwolvc, because ho rang his bell sharp liko. Tho dog wasn't in tho house, and ho always slept in tho old man's room by tho box which folks supposo held his money, nnd the Squiro wouldn't rest without him, and sent Mills out after, no says ho wns hunting about, maybe the best part of halfatihour, but couldn't find tho ereaturo anywhoro. Thon ho goes back— and finds tho old Squire In tho bed with his throat cat from ear to car— awful to sco. Off ho sets for the polioo : nnd when they question bim bo says ho knows Mr. Geoffrey is hang ing about tho place, bccauso ho's seen .him moro than once. Ho boliovod ho was hiding : somewhere up at tho Hall : and that ho'd : decoyed tho dog away on purpose, and wns watchiug bis chance to get in and kill the old man. That's what ho said, and the polico- wwti ejraigbt to |bo Ifoil, and tljere ' Mr. Gooffroy, euro enough, In a quoor plaoo ho used to bo fond of whon ho lived At home —what thoy call a laboratory, or sotnothing of that sort — and thcro wcro queer red stains on his hnnds, and he seemcd-put about At be ing found, aud wns that upset when lio heard his -father wns killed that nil was suro he'd douo it, and wanted Mills to hnvo the blamo. So the coroner's to come to-dny, and he'll bo committed for 'rinl ns suro as oggs is eggs. 0 1 to think as Mr. Gcoffry, wo thought so much ou, should ond his days on tho gallows," and Mrs. Muffler fairly wept in mingling of sorrow, cxcitoment, nnd horror. I felt that my face was very pnlo. But I prctoudod to bo busyjvith my breakfast as I asked : 41 What duus Mr. Geoffrey say about him self?" ' 0, miss, I don't hardly know ; I'm afraid all's not well with Mr. Geoffrey. When folks get changing their uatnos ana oalling them selves different liko, nnd living in foreign parts, ono nover known whero you havo thom. Ho's called himsolf Mr. Oastleton thoso many years, nnd folks do sav thnt he's a profossor or somothing ; but it don't seem right to go on so. But I must get to tho inquest and hear it all. I novir thought to hear Mr. Geoffrey committed to tako bis trial for his lifo." It Mrs. Muffler folt sho must go— bo suro I did tho samo I know that oomo what might I must henr tho ovidenoo, for if tbo story I had heard was correctly reported, I, and I alone, might havo. tho power of earing an innocent man from an awful charge. I feared to n&k; too many questions lost I should hear after all that tho murdor had bcon committed earlier In tho night, and my evidonoo might go for nothing; but I pressed luto tho room by Mrs Muffler's side, closely veiled, when It wus known that proceedings wore about to be com- standing calm nnd pale very near to two sturdy representatives of looal justice, I folt my heart give such a leap that I was afraid it would be heard all .ovor tho room. The coroner took his scat. The jury, who hnd viowed the corpse previously, wero aworu, nnd proceedings commenced. The evidence of tbo dootor was taken first, who nfflrincd that death had bcon cauBod by the infliction of a wound In tho throat, and that it was his opinion tho wound could not have been self inflicted. The policeman testified to tho finding of tho dend body In thocondition described by tho medical man ; and then Mills was called for his statement. - It was io substanco just what Mrs, Muffler had told mc, and ho was perfectly clear as to the time, as was also his oldwifo. Tho master had gone to bod nt half-past oloven, but had missed the dog last thing. He had rung his boll and thon got into bed. Both tbo old servant? answered tho unwonted summons, and both saw him alive shortly before midnight. Thon the mau had gono to seek tho dog, and tho old woman had retired to bed. Sho know noth ing of tho awful deed done until after the arrival of tho policeman, as her husband had not stayed to call her up whon bo disoovorcd what had happened. Tneu oamo ovidonco as to tho proximity of Geoffrey to tho lodge. Mills - declared ho bad seoo him hanging nbout that evening, and that ho was almost crtain ho saw him looking over tho hedge as he went out after tho dog. Ho would not swear it positively, because the light was so fitful, and tho face disappeared so quickly ; cut ho was almost suro of it. Another terriblo piece of evidonoo against tbo acouscd was that a bloody razor had bcon found in tho grounds of tbo old Hall that very morning, thrown awny behind some bushes, Littlo soraps of evidonoo given by ono and auothcr all pointed to the faot that Geoffrey know his father's miserly habits, that there was a bitter quarrel batwoon tho two men, that ho would como into a fine inheritance upon his father's death, that— . But I could not listen longer. It was growing more than flesh aud blood could boar. Suddenly I rose up In my seat, and said : — " I havo somo cvldenoe to give, May I be Thoro was a sudden, quick exclamation, in a voico I know to bo Geoffrey's, but, I dared not looked nt him, I took the required oath, and told my story, which tho reader knows. I eould see by the absorbed interest on all faces, could toll by tho intenso hush within vuu iuuui| nuu. uu Uliuiuasiuu lb vrua UlUKlUg. I was asked sovcraf 6earohing questions, especially as to tho time of tho occurrence— could I aolually swear that I bad bcon watoh- ing tho movements of Geoffrey Hardcastlo tor somo minutes when tbo church clock struok twolvo ? Was I certain of tbo identity of tho old man I had seen with that of Mills the servant, whoso cvidonco I had heard? In foot, I was oross-quesUoncd with somo sharp ness, but my story was so 6implo that thero was no fear of my being confused or con tradicting myself. At last I wab told I might sit down, and nn order was given to the two poliooman to go and look in tho placo I had dosorlbcd for the iron-bound box, aud for tho wheel barrow, or traces of it. Whilst tho men wero going wo all kopt our seats and .waited in breathless expectancy. The timo 6ecmcd long,, but it was not really so, beforo the men camo back wheeling the ahest in the very barrow in which old Mills had borno It to its hiding place. My story was verified in ono particular, Tho coroner was satisfied on alt others. Geoffrey stood a froo man, cleared from all shadow of suspicion. Tho old man Mills was committed to stand his trial, and flinging up his hands in an agony of rcmorso and terror, oponly confessed bis sin. Leaving tho stifling room, and thankful to bo free of tho scene still going on there, I stole- away into tho oalm summer evening— to find Mr. Casticton— Geoffrey— beside me. " Maud," ho said in a strange choked voice, "Is this how wo meet again? How oan I thank you for what you havo dono for me toaay 7" " 0 don't thank mo," I cried with somo thing almost liko a sob, for I was terribly un hinged by all I had gono through, " It would have killed mo if— if— 0 how oan I say it ?" Ho suddenly gathered mo into bis arms, and I lay still In his ombraoo, a great hush falling upon mo. "We belonged to each other, I think, from tho vory first— I at least felt it. Now you arc mine altogether, my darling. You havo given mo back my lifo— and now that lifo must be always yours. Wo will let nothing part us any moro, " 0 Geoffrey 1" I cried, " 0 Geoffrey I" It was all I could say, but it was enough. Ho held mo close to his faithful heart, and our lips met in tho first kiss, 