PERSONALITY AND BROTHER HOOD. [By Henet Scoit Holland, Canon of St. Paul's Cathedral.] j Preached in St. Paul's Cathedral on Sunday j afternoon. May 24. I In that day ye shall know that I am in My Father, and ye in Me, and I in you.—John xiv., 20. Personality—that is the key-word to all our human life as we now know it; a man is a person from which everything starts; he is the independent centre from which actions pro ceed. As such a centre he has duties de manded of him, he has rights that are due to him, he accounts for himself, he answers for himself, he claims distinct consideration, he can never be in the possession of another man,' he is his own, for he is a. person, lhat is the principle, we know, which dictates our system of justice; by this right every man claims equality of treatment before the law—a murder, a robbery are crimes^ against this personality, and therefore their criminality is exactly the same whoever it is who is the victim. Be he poor or rich, gifted or useless, noble or ignoble, the penalty is identical, for the personal injury is so far equal in all cases as to demand equal justice. And again, this alone equally justifies man 8 claim for liberty as well as equality his per sonaiity gives him his value and significance which no interests of others have the right to blot out or ignore or fetter, he shall be as free to grow and disclose what is in him as others are. As soon as be is in pos session of himself, in control of himself, as soon, that is, as his personality comes to the front, his claim for opportunities in which to exercise and enlarge his natural powers is bound to assert itself. As a person he must have liberty. And socially, all our growing sense of the omniscience of life, of the consideration due to it, all our sympathy, our compassion, our humahitarianisra, have no other root but this developed conviction that every man and woman, under whatever circumstances they live, are equally with ourselves the centres of their own lives, of their own feelings, passions, 1 desires, hopes, aspirations, love3—all these arc as real, as vivid to tho 0110 as to the other, because they are all personal matters. Personality transfigures human nature at every point; poets like Words worth and Shakespeare, and novelists like George Eliot or George Meredith devote their whole powers to showing us how the dramatic intensity of the personality absorbs us wherever it appears, and all the more when its outward circumstances are abased or common. Up to that point we have grown, and of onnthing we can be certain, that the progress of humanity, the movement of civilisation, will be deter* mined now by the increasing regard paid to that which is the secret of all secrets, 3 man's personality. How, since this is certainly true, and known to everybody, and confessed by all, is it not well for us to remember that we owe this dis covery of personality solely the revelation of God which is .recorded within the covers of the Bible. The Bible. It was the Jew alone in the ancient world who took personality as the key totheinterpretation of life; byaPersonality he accounted for the creation of the natural world, he saw in it the end and the fulfilment of all solemn- things, the personal relation of man to God. and God to man, its growth, its development into moTal character, its direc tion in the way of righteousness, its freedom, equality' of intimacy between man and God, its awful responsibility, its terrible breach^ by wilful sin, its recovery through personal disci pline and pardon—this it was which explained and justified the world in which the Jew found himself, and he could imagine no other justification. And Christ came to seal that; He brought, out into unique significance the emphatic value of a personal will. Every thing we know was concentrated on that one focus. He declared the eternal importance of His own person, whioh was able by the might of its absolute self-consecration to do the one great deed which abides for ever for the re demption of mankind; He then declared.by Himself the value of'every single man born into the world; each was equally precious in His sight. -'Bound about each, as round a single centre, the. great drama of salvation turned; the humblest sinner was as dear to God as the highest in the kingdom. Tea, He would bid all neaven and its angels sing with exultation round one poor sinner that re pented- more than over 99 just men that needed no repentence; so immeasure able is the worth of one soul, so_ high is God's estimate of personality ! That is_ Chris tianity taking up what the Jew had given it. But outside this revelation man has found him self unable to arrive at this central and essen tial conception. The Greek philosophers could never apprehend it; they had no philosophy of personality at all; they took thought in its universality to be the keystone of exis-1 tence, and that meant abstract impersonal reason—the_ universal reason in things, the generalised idea from out of which the particu larity of the individual person vanished. The Greeks had no logic by which to express per sonal relations. The great thinkers of the East have many fascinations for us; they all have to this day, as in the first days of their speculation, this one unfailing characteristic— tnat they omit, deny, absorb, dissipate all that is meant by personality;_ for them it is the un meaning limitation which, philosophy assists them to break through; it is tne shadowy phrase for them on which they have no grip. Chris tianity alone has brought it out into play as the root reality of life, ana there is no philosophy which has ever handled it with anything ap proaching success except such as has sprung! distinctly out of Christian conditions and Christian- inspiration. And even now, as soon as philosophy ceases to be Christian, it ceases to emphasise or comprehend personality. So it is, for in stance, that science to-day, having divorced itself for a time from the Christian logic, talks once more of laws, and of force, and of energy, and of system, and tries to find the solution of life's mystery in these, all of them being terms that are abstract, universalised, im personal; terms, therefore, which omit the one vital germ of all_ reality and all energy, the personal will; terms, there fore, whioh carry us nowhere at all, and which confess that they carry us nowhere by making themselves agnostic." Personality is a disclosure, then, in revela tion ; the ground of its discovery is recorded in the Bible, that is an historical fact. And if so, had' we not better take our Christian revelation with us in our discussions and our applications of this cardinal concep tion? If we did we might avoid, I think, at least one radical blunder, and it is this. All the terms which we havej been using to express personality emphasise j the separate and distinct identity with which it endows each man. To say a man is personal is to say he is himself; he directs, accounts for himself; he is his own centre, on which all the interests of his actions converge; he i3 an end in himself, and answers to himself for his own character and his own growth. Now all that language appears at first sight to suggest that a. person in being accountable is also solitary; it sounds as if- it would mean that he was self-sufficient, that he could stand alone, that he could ex plain himself by himself, that in arriving at the independence of personality he had found a pivot for himself in isolation with his fellows, • that his interests, his desires being personal are therefore private and concern himself alone. That has been and still is, we know well, a proverbial conclusion, and yet let us notice that the vpry revelation whioh taught us-.the'secret of personality denies> that conclusion with all its" might and main ; it tells us that personality only exists in fellow ship of persons, it has no meaning _ and no reality in solitude; a solitary person is a per-; son barred ofE from the development of his i personal character. Everything that consti-; tutes a man personal constitutes him by that very fact a member in a body, a partner with' other persons. Not only is_ it the seat of his ' equality and the motive of his liberty, it is also the ground of his fraternity; for in discover ing himself to be a person he, by the same act,, discovers others to be equally so with him; and this personality by its inherent character establishes himself at once in relation with [ those others, and strengthens itself by j strengthening those mutual relatious_ and in-: tensities itself by intensifying its union with others. The more he discovers his own identity the less does he discover himself to be soli tary. That is the law and the life of per-: sonaiity, that it is shallow^ that it belongs to a community, that it cannot live until it breathes the breath of society, of com panionship. And this great truth Christianity proclaims in its highest and most absolute form by the declaration that God, who is the eternal form of personality, just for that very reason, could never have been alone. The, Jew asserted God to be a per sonality ; Christians add: If He is then there must be a Divine society. God must have had from eternity relations with other persons. Personality in loneliness is not God, for it is meaningless; a personal life is a life of intercourse, a fife of mutual inter change a life of love; and God, who is persona], is therefore ' Love, and, as Love, He has another, whom He loves; He finds Him self in another, and this not accidentally, not in. subordination to His own solitary primal Godhead, but simply as being God; that which makes Him God makes Him Love; there was never, therefore, a time when Ho did not have someone whom He loved in the Godhead, for to be without some one to love would be to be without His God head. That is the Christian doctrine of the Trinity. The revelation which made per sonality the key to the universe, and which therefore made God's essential characteristic lie in His Personality, was bound to declare that God could never have been alone; He exists always in society ; in fellowship in the Trinity. My brothers, people are fond of supposing dogma to be wholly removed from life, and this doctrine of the Trinity is the very type of what tbey generally mean by lifeless and un intelligible dogma. Yet surely there is no truth which we need so sorely to remember in these days of our anxiety, for it holds the very key of all the positions. Take the social position. All our social advance towards equality and towards liberty lies in its ever increasing sense_ that every man has the worth of a distinct person, and counts for one. Yes, Christianity rejoins, remember that personality holds the secret of all social bonds; a man counting himself for one counts all others as one also. In recognising himself he recognises them; he fulfils himself by identifying himself with them. Only in the love of others can he realise what it is to be a person. He discovers his true life to be not that he may live for himself, but that he may give himself away. The life of personality is the life of dedication, a life of surrender, of self-sacrifice. Personality and love of others are correlative terms, for God is the type of what we mean by the person, and God is a Trinity in Unity; God is Love. That is what we mean by the Trinity, and it is the only intelligible account ever given of the meaning of life. And to-day we are to be reminded of two special ways in which this deep truth comes home to us, and lays obligation upon us. First, the unity of Christendom. We are asked to recall to-day that broken unity, because it is the day of the Holy Ghost, the day on which we thank God for the mighty act by which His Spirit united itself to the spirit of man, that is, the core of his personal life. In possessing a spirit he corhes to himself, he has. a self which he knows, which he can examine, j which he can control, for whioh he is answer-' able, in which and by which he aBpires and hopes and aims and.eulogises and-reasons and wills and loves; he is a spirit, he is a person. And now this spirit of his, this spirit of man, so dim and obscure, buried in the flesh, astray in the darkness, blundering in its sin, shudder ing, trembling, and wondering, blind, broken, dazed, is caught up, is vivified, is rescued, is set on its feet, is uncovered, is set free, is lifted clear of its clouded and dark ways by the swift arrival,- by the*rushing inflow of the Spirit of God. In,that' infused vitality it has j attained to its position-; it becomes itself, it • wins the world—the dignity of an undying personality. . But. is it, therefore, solitary,; shut up within the story of its own private salvation—"Christ died for me, Christ loves i.mei the Spirit of God is in me; I speak:in the'Bpirit of God, and God with, me; I am Hi% and He is mine?5 All. that is his is his assured and joyful cry in the Spirit; he is touched with the eternal life, he is washed, heliis 'anointed, he has an unction from the Hoty One. Yes, but the deepest thrill of joy . in this his personal salvation is that he finds it is'not alone. Aloue ! Nay, indeed, rather now it first begins to under stand what companionship might mean when it is knit up by the act of this anointing, by the efficacy of the Spirit .into the vast company of those whom the same act has revealed and whom the same spirit has sealed. It cannot be saved without being saved with others; it cannot be saved without being saved into the household of faith, saved into the assembly of the first-born, into the Church of God, into the body of Christ. The entire action of salva tion by which each' individual' life is caught up is one humanity, one law, one faith, one spirit, one baptism, one God the Father of us all. In and out this spirit of union, the Spirit who creates in His own person the bond of peace, passes and repasses; binding and inter lacing until the whole body is fitly framed together; He weaves and He binds accord ing to the great law' of personal com munion laid dovm in my text:—" In that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye m me and I in you." . He bindB and builds and fastens under, the inspiration of that mighty prayer of the .Lord— that prayer that He prayed for the union of believers in the one body which might repeat and rehearse and re-echo the union of the Three Divine Persons—" That they, may be one, even as we are one." "Even as Thou, Father, art in me, ■ and I in Thee, that they may be in us; that the world may believe that Thou didst send me. And the glory which | Thou hast- given me I have given unto them; that they may be one, even as we are one; I in Thee, and Thou in'me, that they may be made perfect in one." So He prayed; so He still prays, and the Spirit that comes into us j works and . weaves with that prayer, and under the impulse of that working of the I Spirit the soul that believes finds its belief dis closes its full personality, and its personality discloses itself as one in a multitude, its per sonality unites him to God, and God is Him self a society, God in three; and in God, in | Christ, in the Spirit, all souls are one. - So he finds that this act of faith has brought it into a. blessed brotherhood. Out he looks and dimlv he begins to see them—the great cloud of witnesses with whom it ib encom passed. There they are, felt if unseen, touched if unknown, multitudes upon multitudes, ten thousand *" times ten thousand. There they are, far away above him, rank above rank, row above row, into the abyBS of heaven; and here they are, here on earth, the holy society, the brothers in Jesus, He is united to them all by the baptism of the one Spirit. . Down at. the bidden root-of his life that invisible unity workB and strains, holding on through the in domitable energy of the Holy Ghost, creating, sustaining visible unity wherever our sins will permit it; visible unity, which is the urgent necessity, the inevitable desire, the irresistible outcome of that unity which is invisible. How can the invisible be there without bending all its force and all its passion to attain visible and realised companionship ? Are we not men? Have we-not flesh and blood? Can we dream of being ■ content with an invisible union which omits half our manhood from its blessedness. -No doubt,- through dark days of visible, disruption our hope is to cling desperately to the invisible bond, for in that alone lies-any hope of achieving at last the. visible union which completes it. So long as it is invisible we cannot know our friends, we cannot recognise our comrades in Christ, we cannot come together for common acts, we cannot unite for - assured communion of worship. All the great functions of society are in suspense, - all its strength lies I dormant, all its beauty is hidden as long as it is invisible, and without a realised society, without a corporate church, the souls of believers are stunted and starved. Pray we j God, then, with heart and soul on this [ Whitsuntide that .His own Spirit may yet i loose U3 from our sins, and may restore to us at His own time that visible companionship i which Christ ordained, and for which He ever rehearses in heaven His great intercession I for unity. ■ Personal salvation cannot be a I solitary affair. That is the first of the two special truths on which I would dwell to-day, and the second is like unto it. Personal life here on earth in our human ways and environ ment, that too cannot be - a solitary affair; it demands a .civil society in which to develop and realise its power. That is the inevitable outcome of the Christian conception of per sonality. Suffer me to repeat it. It declares to us that personality is in its essence social; that God the absolute Person exists in a fellowship; that to be personal is to be re lated to other persons,' and that personality in solitude is robbed'of half- its life. Now, secondly, the principle of truth which you, my friends'of the .Co- operative Congress, are assembled to assert. You are they who refuse to believe that: society is a mere jarring multitude of separate individuals; you are they who. deny that it can be built up out of the competitive . clash of private per sonal interests; you--are assured this vast fabric of industrialism cannot be based on the sand of isolated attempts, as if each man primarily was self-dependent, self-interested, interested in himselv and only for certain practical conveniences enters into a oompaot with otbera.to submit to a common life. You declare that this, entire theory of competitive individualism rest on a total misunderstanding of what constitutes the reality of a man; you rely not on his separate self-interests, but on his corporate unselfishness, and you justify yourselves in doing this because you are confi dent that deeper than all the superficial aspects of competition lives and works in the core of a' mau's being the instinct of brotherhood and' the impulse for co-operation. Man is a social' animal, a Greek philosopher said long ago ; his existence is only natural when it is in a society. There is the fundamental conviction on which co-operation exists, and industry is bound to start from that conviction. It ' must assume, that personal interests come together in unity, that the interest of a man, if it it be his real interest, includes and involves the interests of many. It is only true to itself and genuine in its character when it can identify itself with others, but its stands con demned by its own mouth if it isolates itself. That is the primal premise whioh forces you to the conclusion that industry can only be on firm ground when the interests of producer and consumer, of organism and labor, come to one thing; when all conspire to bring about one. result, when all am re cognised as co-partners in a mutual fellow ship of .work. Commerce is not a pitiful compromise of the conflict of capital and labor, but a harmonious adjustment of co-operative agencies. That is your faith, and in that faith you have formed this body of co-operative societies which are now in congress. That is your faith, and | because it is your faith you are surely right in desiring to bring your cause here into the j House of God ana under the name of Christ, ' for Christ most certainly'.ratifies this your conviction as to the true nature of man. Man . is by nature social, and, fori this' very reason, ' he is in his essence personal, and personality lives only in society. Brotherhood is the very breath of its being, co-operation is its only form of life; the individual is free; only when he is fraternal. And the message, ; then, that we give back to you on this Feast of Whitsuntide is, be true to these convictions, for tbey are grounded in Christ! Be true to the convictions on which your movement is founded! We know well how hard you will find it to adhere loyally to them, pressed on all sides by the keen competition about you. You are inevitably tempted to snatch at momentary advantages by yielding a little of your more rigid principles. The intensity of the commercial spirit pervades the entire _ in- j dustrial life. Within your charmed circle always you have to be experimenting the new, always resisting the tyranny of the individual; creed. i 