i&tntml; #em. Callihgton.— Attention is called to an advt. announcing a rifle match at this town ship, to be held on March 14th next. Lake Albert Races. — These annual races are to be held at \ Meuingie to-day, and a good many excursionists have cone over bv the special steamer service to be present, a pleasant outing being anticpated. Goolwa Saoes.— The Goolwa Baoe Club will iiold their usual annual race meeting on St. Patrick's Day ?! (March 17th), for which full particulars will be advertised in due course. De. Shone —Friends of our mayor, Dr. Shone, who unfortunately broke his right leg early in last week, will be glad to learn thatihe is getting op exceedingly well under the care of Drs. Bfckle and Moore. Yester day jthe leg was caked in plaster, and in the course of a day or two Dr. Shone hopes to get away to the seaside for a change of air and scene. CtrsBENcr Cebek. — The first meeting of theCurrenoy Creek Band of Hope will be held on Thursday, January 30, in the chapel, when the Bev. J. Bead jwill preside, an excellent programme being arranged. A collection to defray expenses will be taken up, and a supper for the small charge of sixpence will be laid. As it is moonlight there ought to be a large attendance. . Thk W.C.T.U. j at Port Viotob has broken up and the pampers have returned to their homes. The outing has been an enjoyable one, but i wen the most enthuastic of its promoters aie obliged to confess that the 8ucces* anticipated has scarcely been realized more than from tbe pleasure point of view, financial resilts falling far short of expectations. Vehicle Accideht. — On Saturday morning last soin- lads dirving a spring cart be onging to Mr. J. Allen had a lively experience. Tbe bWse they were driving was ifrightened ' by a dog and bolted with them, colliding wiA Mr Gemmells trap which was standiug' near Mr. Millers shop, ultimately j roceed ing down the street at a much more rapid r peed than desirable, the two boys being thrown out en route, bruises, *c, I being the result The bolter, was fortunately stopped before doing any serious damage. ? i ?? i At Work Agaijt. — Work was resumed at all the State Schools throughout the colony on Monday last after the Christmas Vacation, much to the delight of the parents generally. At Strathalbyn Mr. Kent, whose aunt in Victoria has wonderfully improved in health and indeed set him up again thoroughly, opened with a fairly satisfactory school. 176 children putting in appearance, a great many still being away on holidays. Several weeks will probably elapse before the schools will reach their normal condition. Strathalbtn Institute. —The annual sale of periodicals &c.; was conducted by Mr. J. Cheriton J.P., on Tuesday evening last a good attendance and spirited bidding marking the sale, the various magazines and papers in most cases bringing better prices than laBt year. The conditions for removal were fixed by the committee on the same basis as that adop ed last year, viz., news paper8Jbecoming the property of the buyer on arrival of fresh numbers, magazines remaining a month on the tables, and going into circulation for a month, before being ?finally removed. j W!t\T.U.- On Friday afternoon last Mrs. S. Stapton and Mrs T. VVatson entertained between thirty and forty children, members of the Loyal Temperance1 Legion, at the residence of the latter, i providing a sumptuous tea for the little ones, and in a variety ot ways, assisted by a few energetic helpers, providing for their entertainment, a very pleasant afternoon's amusement being arranged for, for which the' generous donors were heartily thanked. i The Mhitaby Camp at Post Victoe. — According to ' Pencil ' ii the Kapunda paper, some of the military folk who slept during the recent encampment in the late Captain Hellon's old-fashioned wooden cabiu on Granite Island, Port Victor, declare that the place is haunted by the ancient mariner — at any rate, that they were disturbed at night by mysterious blockings and shakings j of doors for which they could not account in any commonplace mundane way. As the ricketty tenement was used for canteen purposes a wag suggested that the departed captain might have been attracted back to earth by the aroma of square gin or some other devil's water. If, however, the ancient marinere'a ghost should reappear for other purposes it would be only what the Port Victor larrikins would deserve. Unless my memory is unusually untrustworthy, the poor old fellow told me that he might haunt the roughs who stole his poultry and worried his sensitive nature until even the prophet of death was a reli-f . Thb Eccbntbo Emfebob. — Just now anything relating to the Kaiser is read with interest. According to Science Siftings\ he has original ideas on many things. He thinks that those of his people who live far away from the' coast are at a disadvantage, inasmuch as what-ever knowledge they may have of military progress, they cannot but have vague ideas of what is being done in modern naval war tactics. He has had an ingenious model constructed, measuring 13ft by 2f ft., the upper part of which represents the deok of a great man-of-war Eoing Wilhelm. Everything is complete— -the rigging, a siren, a searoh light, a number of revolving guns, each capable of firing twenty six shots in succession, flag-signal apparatus, life-boats, &c.; All these : are operated by electricity. When a button is pressed the signal lanterns begin to blaze, rockets are sent up, the beam of search-light flashes around and the guns go off. Orders have been given, for the construction of sixteen similar battleships for the purpose of giving the inland population some practical ideas of the doings of the navy. j Thb Heat Wave.— Beports come from various parts of the colonies showing the wide area of the heat wave which is, andjhas been passing over Australia during the past few weeks, and from various centres deaths from heat apoplexy have been recorded, ithe death roll having been largely augmented by the high temperature ranging right through the colonies. ReDOrts have come to hand of birds, rabbits, kangaroos, &c;, succumbing to the heat, but so far we had not heard of horsey being sunstruck in this districL until yesterday when we were informed that on Sunday an animal belonging to tne Bsv. Father Landy received a sunstroke, and only by very careful treatment survived, , an animal of Messrs. D. Bell & Co., being similarly afflicted on Monday. Mr. W. S. Daniel attended to both cases, and his skilful treatment saved, two very valuable animals. Port Elliot. — Port Elliot, with its glorious girdle of granite rocks, appears to increase in popularity every summer. The residents have thorough confidence in the future of their breezy town, and are much elated by the prospect of a syndicate erecting a number of new houses to accotno* date the ever increasing contingent of visitors who swarm southwards in i the holiday season and during the warmest months of the summer. Broken Hillites are beginning to appreciate Port Elliot as a change after the dusty and lead-laden .atmosphere of the 'Silver City.' Among recent visitors are Professor Bragg, with his wife and daughters, Lady Todd, Lady Hawker, the Commissioner of Audit (Mr. E. Cooke), Mrs. Beeves, Mrs. Brougham and. family, from Poolamacea Station, N.S.W., Messrs. Talbot Smith; J. M. Solomon, E. C. Hughes, Mrs. J. H. Lyons, Mrs. T. C Hayward, Mrs. James, Miss Schraeder, Miss G. Conrad, and Miss M Woodoock. Mrs. Bragg and Miss Todd brought their bicycles with them, and have been making good time over the roads in the neighbor hood. Stbathalbtn Bbakch Bubbaf. — The usual meeting was held on Monday, January 20th, when there were present Messrs. M. Bankine, J.P. (chairman), B. Smith, J.P., G. Sissona, W. J. Tucker, and J. Cheriton, J.P. (Hon. Sec.) The minutes of last meeting having been read and confirmed the Secre tary {reported that since last meeting Mr. Laurie had lectured here on ' Fowl-breeding for export,' and illustrated the lecture by diagrams of the breeds most suitable for export. The lecture was very interesting, and highly appreciated by those present. Mr. Quinn, the Inspector of Insect Pests, had also visited some of our orchards and vineyaris, ana explained the habits and destruotiveness of insect peits, also showing some specimens of the Codlin moth and other insects His visit was most instructive and entertaining. Mr. Nathan, the poultry expert, also visited here, and gave a most instructive lecture on 'Poultry- breeding,' illustrating the best breeds by means of a magic lantern. He also gave an exhibition of eaponiBing, which was most entertaining to those present. ? The Secretary read a paper on ' Dairy-farming and the best food for dairy cows during the summer months.' After a long discussion on the same the Secretary was heartily thanked and re quested to hand it to the Southern Argus. f We publish in full else where. J ? It was resolved that the annual congress of the Southern Bureaus be held about the end of Marcn, the Secretary being requested to write to the Central Bureau and ask for the attendance of come of its members. Tattebsall's Sweeps. — Sir Edward Braddon, in replying to a petition from the Tasmanian Baptist Union against the establish ment of 'Tattersall's' sweeps in Tasmania expressed the opinion thai no appreicable deterioration of publics morals bad ensued from the consultations , bat on the oontrary I that they had neutralised throughout Australia the evil arising from the gambling passio^i by providing a leM dangerous outlet for it than by other meanB. 'Ta'tersall's ' possessed the advantages that persons without money could not gamble. The Government had no power to prevent Tattersall's sweeps in Tasmania, which were not contrary to law,[ and he could not see any occasion to aslc Pariiai nent for power to snrpress them, seeing that Parliament had already legalised the Van Diemans Land Bank lottery. If Tasmania refused to sanction them, another place would b- found where money ooald be forwarded. A Thriving Societt— The report of th- Star of Strathalbyn Juvenile Male Tent No.2 LO.B. for the past year was presented at its meeting held in the Rechabite Hall on Tuesday last, and must be very gratifying^ to its members. The report showed tbat 17 members had been initiated during the year while two had been admitted in the adult tent (Hope of Strathalbyn No.6) under whose cognizance the- Juvenile Tent is worked, leaving 68 members nuw good on the books. Financially th& tent is very strong, the total worth of funds being £141 2s 9d or £2 Is Gd per member. This is a large amount considering the contribu J tions are only 3d per week which entitles the members to 5s per week sickpay and the doctor's services during- illness. The following officers were elected for the ensuing six months : — Superintedent W. F. Adams ; P.C. R , W. Charles ; C.R., T. De^re ;I-.vite, F. Marsh ; Guardian, H. Alien. At the close of^he meeting P.C. R., Charles; was made the recipent of a very suitable present for his past services. Excubsiok Tbains.— The second of the cheap excursion trains from the city to Port Victor was run on Saturday last, and it is - satisfactory to record that it was- well filled, some 170 excursionists making the trip. The ordinary train, which followed an hour or two later, also took a good load of passengers to the south The Commissioner has surely good reason to be pleased with the returns on this line of late. Last' night a special train ran to Milang on arrival of the evening train from the city to enable excursionists to proceed by steamer eariy this morning to Meningie, where tne Lake Albert Racing Club are to hold their annual race meeting. The train will return from Milang sufficiently eariy to-morrow to connect with the ordinary morning train from here. Very few people knew anything of this special service. Had it been adver tised well, particularly in the local papers, a great many more excursionist would have travelled by it. When will the- Railway and other Governmest Departments learn that the saving they effect by stinting their advertising is more than trebly balanced by the loss of revenue thereby uiacfe ? Stbathalbtk Polo Cilhb. — The first practice in connection with the above club was held in the Hon. J. L. Stirling's 'Lodge' paddock on Saturday afternoon last, and judging from the number of members and spectators present the club promises to be a success. Sir: Stirling, who has been appointed captain, and who was a well-known player in days gone by, gave considerable assistance to 6be amateurs, fhere are 16 members on the- roll, but so far only six or seven have succeeded in securing suitable ponies. Mr. W. S. McCallutn fills the office of vice-oaptain, and Mr. H. L. Tucker that of tbe Hon. Secretary. It was thought by some that on acsount of the accident which befel one of t e members about a week ago the interest taken in the game by members would, fibg, but after Saturday's practice all doubts- on that point have been removed, the game being thor oughly enjoyed by all present. The dub does not expect to be in a position to compete against other teams- this- season, a late start having been made. Tbe second practice is to be held onitae same- grounds on Saturday afternoon next, 25th- inst., com mencing at 3 o'clock. 