VISIT OF BISHOP STRETCH. SERMON AT ST. JOHN'S. More than ordinary interest attached to the service at St. John's Cathedral last evening from the fact that Bishop Stretch was the preacher. There was a very large congregation, and the service was full choral. Bishop Stretch took as his text the words, " From glory to glory, from 2 Corinthians, 3rd chapter, and 18th verse. He said that a legend of St. Peter was to the effect that when the apostle was leaving Rome in the time of persecution, he met his Master, and asked him, Master, whither goest thou ?" His Master replied, " I go to be crucified in the stead." St Peter turned back, and received the crown of martyrdom, in Rome. So now we were sometimes tempted to ask, Master, whither goest thou ?" There were so many perplexities and problems that the Church had to face that we wondered Where the Lord was leading us. There was the real perplexity of evil. Without evil there could be no doubt. Doubt is trial of evil. It was because we believed the world is God's world that we hoped and trusted to see some great advance. We wanted to know what all the trial and suffering and conflict meant. The Church's answer was, " From glory to glory," In this Eplphlany season. Ask a man in the street, and he would say that things were going from had to worse. That was a con- tradiction. Which was right ? They could not both be true. Have we seen the last of the optimists ? some one asks. We ought to make up our minds Which was the right view. The very note of evolution was progress. No scientific writer would say that things had gone from had to worse, but from lower to higher, from less complex to more complex. So in history ; while many things were disappointing, and we were tempted to wonder whether civilisa- tion only appeared to disappear, yet there had been distinct advance, and the death of empires had been the elimination of the bad and the preservation of the good, so that on the whole the world had advanced. So in the Church, with all its disappointments, there was a great gulf between the early days and now. Christians now mtumfoereid 500,000,000, and a greater day would come when those 500,000,000 begun to he In earnest. We'll, there was an advance with regard to social problems, people would he tempted to say there were perplexities. No doubt some things were perplexing us now, but a few years ago no one would have thought they were problems. People took them as inevitable. To rebel against them and inquire into them might be the first step towards their solution. With regard to ourselves, surely some of us could say, " I am not what I ought to be. I am not what I might be. I am not what I hope to be, but by the grace of God I am not what I was." In all this there was necessity behind evolution. Behind history must be God, else the struggles of races only had extinction and death. The Church must be the Church of the living God or else it was an association, of men and women held together by a dream, the awakening from which would be awful. In social problems we found no solution except mutual service, and that for the sake of God ; so for ourselves, if we would go from glory to glory rather than from bad to worse, it must be by effort, patience, perseverance, faith. We believed in the Holy Ghost, who was leading all Christians from glory to glory, not by such mechanical necessities as would draw them against their will, but by the influence of the Church. A man or a woman might go from bad to worse ; but because God. is we had every ground for hopefulness, for zeal and energy, and if, when we tried to escape from duty, there met us the pale face of the sorrowing Christ, and as we ask Him, " Whither goest thou ?" He answers, " I go to he cruci- fied in thy stead." If we answered, " Not in our stead, Lord, for we will follow, wheresoever Thou goest, even if it be to crucifixion and death, then for us the via crucis" was the via facts," and we should be changed, in the same image from glory to glory, as by the Lord, the Spirit. In connection with the musical part of the service it may be mentioned that the " Magnificat" and the " Nunc Dimittis were sung to Stainer's music in A the solo being sung by Miss Alice Russell. The anthem was Gounod's " Nazareth," the solos being rendered by Mr. T. G. Sutton. Mr. Seymour Dicker presided at the organ. In the morning Bishop Stretch preached at St Andrew's Church, South Brisbane, before a large congregation 