A Ghost Hunter's Story. In a secluded little Essex village it was that a writer for CiikkoID'h HnhmT'ii/ Journal recently camo across an individual who, in addition to boing ;i innrkut-gsirdonor, watt famous locally as a 'ghost cleiiri.-r.' Hih Bpoctvc-rouling services aro neldoin now re quired. Apparition* ii]ipcar each year Icsb Boldom than formcrlv'to huniini eyes. iJut tho man in question enjoys a lingo rtiputation for weird Bwvioen rendered in Hie past. 'I've cleared somo of tho worst, ghosts in tho county,' (said' ho convincingly, 'and thoy used to lake a deal niort) getting rid of than they do now. When I lir.st. .started, there were scores of planes, bnrns in particular, lliat woro haunted. Hags of grain used to bo cut and thrown about., and doors unlocked no that animals escaped and were lost. Thoro w:ib OYOU a. haunted windmill that used to grind away on- nights when | there wasn't a breaih of air Btirring, and U10 machinery wan out of gear. But. for tho most part they woro 'knocking and tapping ghosts that I had to deal with. How V camo { to tako up this job was liko t.hi.s. An old j farmer had diod suddenly. II in farm was put up to bo let, but for a long lime no one took it. Then, when a tenant was found, lie quickly cleared out again. A. ghost hud entered into possession, which at intervals during tho night, knocked on doors or shutters, three Blow and soft, and then three quick and loud knocks. The owner offered half-a-sovoreign to anyono who would upend a niglit; on tho premises, and I agreed to do so. 1 took with me a lantern and a thick iish stick, and whon. about eleven o'clock the others left me, I sat; just inside tho open door linkming. About ton minutes after midnight there camo tha knoclcB, seeming abouthalf way across tho room. Atoneo I knocked back, and silence followed. About throo o'clock they camo again. I answered, and did so just as it was getting light. Other people once more had provioufily hoard tho noisoB continuously all night long. out tho gliost iia.au t gono. .1 le was ac ic again next night. ; and utter watching thrao or four nights and knocking hack each fchvoo : times, I began, to think tho ghost; meant to stop there, whoa tho idea occurred to mo fco sit in tho dark a-iul boo if I could seo anything. Punctually at twelve camo tho nips. I waited. Thoy woro imnediately repeated, and thon I answered. A torrilio knocking at once began so loud as (.0 nearly stun mo ; it got fainter nnd faintor and diod away to no tiling, and was novor hoard again. And that I've found ia nocesHary in all ghost-clearing joba — you ' - must bo ulono, and in comploto darknoss. IT.. *rn T rtTr«Y. nnnn o rvllf^aT. p f^n.ll'f Hfltr that I havo. Tliero's two sorts of thom, '( you know '? tho ghosts that hnunt old mansions, which glido about; and- can- bo scon but novor creato tho slightest noise bivvo a faint rustling ; and thoso whichcannot bo scon, and that yot give knocks and throw things about and do damage. I onco wanted ;? to ' lay' ono of tho firflt sort ; but whou I wont to tho country seat where it walks hi a corridor, tho master said that he vnlned tho spoctro an much as the avonuo of chn-. trees or tho splendid hull for which tho placo is also noted, and wouldn't have it interfered with Cor worlds. Do I bolievo in thorn ? Mont cer tainly I do ; and so do many others, or I shouldn't havo mado Afluit I huvo by clearing I thom. Yes, somotimos, of courao, they're j frauds. Thoro was ono ghoBt thatdrovo away | a poultry f armor by a dreadful moaning noiso H at night. Tho man took to Bleeping somowhora | elso ; and whenever tho ghost wr.s heard somo of | tho poultry would next day bo missing. I I ofl'orcd to try and clear tho placo, .and was al lowed to make tho attempt. A window wim loft unfastened for mo to outer by, .and I hadn't boon in many minutes boforo I. hoard quick footsteps in tho empty kitchen and ' ' thon a long whispering followed.. A sinoll of tobacco Hinoko reached 1110. AiiJlonr pussod. Thon CootfltopH approached . ffooling tmro that I had huinau beings to doul with, I scrambled silently out of the window- again, and crouched in tho bushes outaido. A second, later «. dark form appeared at tho window. It raiaod a long cardboard eouo-to it« mouth, I and produced tho, by thav time well-known, I wnird-moaning nound. linino(:l5iito1y I putmy I hands round my mouth and, ay loudly ns I j could, imitatod tho wwil. Thomi wa»a Hnildon ? I yoll, anHworod by another from tho kitchen. 9 ' Tho ' ghost' leaped into my arma, whoro I I hold him till 1 had recogniwdd him- us a 'I poultoror'fi assistant from tll« town. That m littlo businosn brouglit mo in five ymunds.' 9 