ELECTIONS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. INTRODUCED IN THE ASSEMBLY. The House vent into Committee ot tbe Whole on Friday UeI to consider the ex pediency of bringing in a bill to amend the electoral law. In the course of his explana tion. Mr Brunker said that ha thought that it hovo hfl.n Tini.il. 1|' i.n fin n w rt ¥ with electoral rights. But to do that he found it would be nec.iEirj to repeal the principal Act. In this amending Act he bad en deavoured to carry out n-hat lie believed had been the intentions of ever; Legislature in tbe colonies — to concede to the qualified electors of the colon; tbe most liberal means of exercising their highest 'prerogative— the franchise — bo long as they could prevent any thing like fraudulent misrepresentation at the ballot-box. Under the existing Act an elector mast bt resident three msnths in an elec torate before bt was entitled to vote. Bnt tjnfer the amending Act — which rendered the principal Act much more liberal than at present— if an elector had changed his residence during the one month he was qualifying he would bt able te nse his right for tbe electorate in which he had previously resided, so that the right would be con tinuously in force. And if an elector lost bis right, and his name was on the roll, be could procure a substituted right, and be thui en abled to vote. It was also provided that an elector could olitait? bis right by post instead of having to go for it in person, and it remained in force until cancelled. One of the special provisions of tbe bill was that absent electors would hare power to vote by post. Mr Miller : Have you made provision for substituted rights ? Mr Br anker: Yes. Substituted rights could be obtained right up to the time of voting. Everything concerning the rights, next to actually doing away with than, had been done to give the electors as little incon venience as possible, and also to allow absent voters to vote through tbe post. Mr Price counselled the withdrawal of the bill, and the introduction of a new aid com prehensive measure dealing with the electoral law as a whole, Electoral rights are very unsatisfactory. Mr Waddell held that the existing electoral law was such an unsound and unsatisfactory one in every shape and form that it would be better if the Government could see their way clear to pass a comprehensive bill dealing with the whole matter. In that way they would do the whole country a great service. The; could not possibly spend a portion of the time ot the session in a better way. (' Hear, hear.') Mr Moore said that no system wpnlq be satisfactory to hiB electorate that Bid not pro' Vidie tor the absolute abolition of ' eltcters1 rights. ' ' Ur Hogue contended that it was a one innovation to introduce the privilege of allowing electors' rights to be posted. To his mind, it would open the door to a system of fraud the like of which had not been seen in oonnection with any system of electoral law in this colony. I Mr llobert Jones pointed out that the ob jection to the posting of rights could be overcome by having the letter registered. The local postmaster would then know by whom the letter had been registered. Mr Miller thought that this amending bill would prove far too liberal to pass tbe Upper Chamber. If a proposal to do away with rights altogether were introduced, it would not have a ghost of a chance of passing the other Chamber. After a little further discussion, the reso lution was ugrecd to on tbe voices, reported to tbe House, agreed to, the bill introduced, read a first time, and ordered to be printed. The second reading was fixed for Thursday next. 