A TALE OF MIODERN LIFE. CHAPTER VII. BENJAeIN Cnovrowx Coossi is dead I The meek, troubled man has.laid down the burden of life and gone to seek peace in a country where nagging wives and drunken sons and overbear. ing daughters trouble the rest of the righteous no more. The parting was a sudden one at last, and it has found his family quite unprepared, for, though he has always been an ailing man and has sunk into a state of absolute invalidism since his arrival at the Manor, Mrs. Orosbio had always protested that he belonged to the "ocreaking-door order of siok men, and would outnllive her many a long day," a theory her children were ready enough to endors, and which her husband made no vigorous effort to confuteo. Perhaps indeed oven he did not guess how near he stood to those grim shadowy doors that guard the threshold of immortal life, Be that as it may, he certainly woke with no promonition of doom on that last morning, but rose early, fooling unusually well, and contrary to his custom of late, made his appearance at the breaklfast.tahblo, taking the letter-bag himself, and dealing out the contents with a little mildly facetious comment on each cover. The last was dirooted to himself in hold masculine hand and sealed with the lomayneo crest. Joessioa was engaged with a long orossed epistle of her own and took no notice of her father's; but Carrie, whom the post had not favored, took up the empty envolope and scanned it with ourious eyes. "My stars I What n swell corros. pondent I Who is he, pa ?" Mfr. Orosbio looked up from the letter with a perturbed sort of smile. Evidently he was both pleased and surprised, "It is from Sir Erio IRomayno, my dear," he said, addressing Mrs. Oroebio propitiatingly, as he noted With some trepidation the storm-oloud gathering on that majestio brow. " He-in point of fact, he wishes to marry Nita," "Mr. Crosbiol" was all the lady could find breath to say; but rage and bitter disappoiutmoent found olo quernt uttlorance in the two words. Jessica rose abruptly to her feet, and stood grasping a chair, whitle as a dead womaln and trembling from head to foot. " oHe askls your consent 2" she said hoarsely. Mr. Orosbio glanced at his daughter nervously and the musles of his thin faoo began to work. "Naturally hlie asle it of her guardian." "Then her guardian must refuse point blank and decisively." The thin fingers orumpled and twisted up the papor, the white faeoo grow whiter still as the poor man said almost piteonsly "Why, my dear, why? What ground have I for rofusing so ex collent a match ?" "The best ground in the world. He has inoulted your daughter and broken his promise to her. Can you be sure that he will not treat your ward the same? Toell him," eried the girl, her voice rIcing with the passion of her speech till it rang out high and clear and shrill-" tell him that he is a traitor and a coward, worthy only of the scorn with which you treat him." S" Hold your tongue, Jeseioa, and don't talk like a madwoman," cried Samuel, speaking with unusual de oision, rising, too, and wallking over ,to his father's side. " Can't you s?s youn are malking the governor ill 2" But Jessioa saw nothing save her own wrongs. "Ah I" she oried, fastening eyes of burning scorn upon the good.natured, dissipated face, tounohed for the moment with real and earnest con corn. "Oh, how heolpleoc, how do. solato I am I Other girls have men to right their wrongs and punish those who dare insult them ; but what have I? A father all nerves and fancieo; a brother who has drunk his wits away. Well I" drawing a loung breath and hissing out the words between her sharp, white tooth, "bettor so perhaps. We will see what can be done alone and unaided l'y a woman's will." She swept from the room indig. nantly, neither Samuel nor his father trying to detain her or takling any notice of her words. "Thank you, my boy, yes, I am better," said the old man, feebly, but turning on his son a eind and grate. ful lookl tlhat the conisciencestricken Samuel was glad enough to remember in the days to come. Then, declining the various reemediesa presseod on him by his really alarmed, and for the moment subdued, wife, and the proffelored company of his son, he shut himself up in the library to oonsidor and answer Erio lomayno's letter. He was physically shaken by the late stormy soone, but his resolu. tion was quite numoved. Nit ashould be happy; at any cost his sistor's trnet should he faithiflly fulfilled. His daughter's donunointion of the man had fallen on his ears as empty raving. He hardly heard or heeooded it. Sho was jealous of Nita's triumph, he thought - some matoh.maiung babble of her mother's had come to him, but mndo little impression on his mind, and troubled him little nOW. What did trouble him was the necessity of writing to Sir Erio. Ho was weak and weary, cold and sick, and conscious of a dull throbbing pain at his heart, and a slow singing in his eoars; but omothling seeoomed urging Icim on to disregard pain and discom fort, and write at once. Bo-slowly and carefully--the note was written; a frank and fi11 consent to the marriage, and a few words of bonediction for the bride. Then when it was sealed and direooted Mr. Oroebio, touching the spring of a seorot draweor within his desk, drew forth two closely writton sheoots of paper, and spread them out before him. Judith's justification," he said, looling at the blotted lines with dim misty eyes. "Well, I have beeoon faithful, Judith I No eyes but my own have seeoon this paper yet. None shall over see t enow," ' He lighted the wax taper beside him, and, taking up the paper, pro. pared to light that; but are the flame and paper mot, Mr. Oroebio's day's work was done. His features were convulsod with a spasm of a mortal agony, a short, fiere cry sprang to his lips, and then His hands fell listlessly beside him, his head fell forward on his breast, the precious papers fluttered idly to the floor ; the call that no man dare resist had summoned him, and Benjamin Orofton Orosbie. had risen and gone forth from the world of living men. So a little later they found him quite cold and dead, with the red autumn sunshine lighting his white, peaceful faos, and turning hie thin, grey hair into an aureole of pale glory. Then even they-the coarse, im. patient wife, the hard, undutiful hobil. dron-were stricken with a late and vain remorse; Mrs. Orosbio and Carrio sobbed aloud in bitter lamen tation, and Samuel's tears fell like rain on the marble faco on which he had drawn so many a line of sharp. ened care. But Jessioa, stooping mechanically to lift the fallen papers from her father's foot, saw Nita Fitzgerald's name written thereon, and Iknow even then, with a thrill of exultant hatred, that the seoret trust was in her hands at last. "What was it, Jessica 2" asked Samuel, noting the quick flush and the haste with which the girl thrust the little roll into her poocket. "Nothing- that is something the servants must not seeo," she muttered, hardly knowing what she said in her confnsion. But no one had much attention to spare for liher, and Samuel forgot even to listen to lher answer. But that night, while her mother anod sister wept themselves to sleeoop, while every other heart was filled with cad memories of and vain regrets for thei good, kindly man sleeping so poacefully in the darkened guest. chamber, Jossioa softly stolo down to the library, and takling her place in her father's chair at her father's desk, set herself seriously to worlk. Her task is a peculiar one. She draws forth the secret trust and spreads out the shoots before her, much as her dead father had done a few hours before, then carefully selects a piece of paper of the same shape and size, and, taling up a now quill.poen, copies and re.copies the writing. It is not a diffionult hand to imitate; thick, shaky, and irregular. She has an excellent kunok of imitation, and presently the letter lies in a faee.smile before her. She studies it with at.' tentive satisfaction for a minuto or so, then takes another shoot and sets to work again. But this time, though the writing is still that of Judith Ormo, the words shlo sets down are her own. The task is an absorbing one-it had needs be, to rob the girl of all superstitiouus fear of the room in which her father had met his death so suddenly and awfully but a few hours beforo--it had needs he to deafen her to the fall of the great swing door and tihe sound of footsteps on the carpet behind her, to blind her to the shadow that falls athwart the elosply-writton page and makes her unconscioeus of the breath that stirs her hair. But for the moment she lives only in her task. It is completo now. Withl a oruel laugh shie compares the two papers, lays down thle copy, and ornshing the original in her hand, turns with it to the clear bright flame beside her. For the second time that day its fate trombles in the balance, for the second time something strange and terrible happens in that haunted room. " Jessioa 1" cries a stern and sharp voleoo, and the girl's blood seems to freeooze within her veins, her heart to stand still with utter terror. Surely the voice is her dead father's I Surely lhe has come back from the grave to upbraid her I Sloe was brave enough a minute ago; now, for her own soul's salva tion, shelo dare not turn her head. She sits staring blankly before her, fooels the paper drawn from out her hand, and makes no effort to detain it, until again that awful, nugry. sounding " Jeossion " fall on her oars onoo more. The sound broeako the spell. She riseo with a short, fierce ory, gatheors all her courago, and looks round, to see i tall figors, familiar yet indistinot, vanishing in the dim sbudow of the doorway. "Father, was it you ?" she cries, in a hoarso, awmostrioken whisper. "It was his voice, the voieoo of the dead the dead father I" But there is no answer, lot her cry ever so wildly; and then the utter horror of the soone steals her senses, she reels back, falls like a log to the floor, and whoen tlo dark, wild eyes unoeloso again, the an is streaming in aoros the top of the tall sbutters, and all nature is rejoicing in the birth of a now day. " It was a dream," she says, with a shudder. "I burned the paper and dreamed the rest." OhArTER IX. "Erio, read that, and you will undeorstand." With black.rimmed, tear.swollen syes, and a white, tortured face, un utterably piteous to look upon in the bright morning sunlight, Nit IFitz. gerald stands by her lover's side in the long drawing-room of St, John's on the day suooeeding Mr. Croftou Oroobio's funeral. His faco in hardly calmer than her own, but with him tle preulotminitult expression is not pain, but anger. He has ridden over to the Manor in hot haste, on the strength of her urgent sumtmons, atd she has mothim with the anguished announcemant that the on gagement between them must at once be broken--that she can never be his wife. So he pushed aside the proffered paper, and drew the slender ehalten figure to him with more of affoection than gontloneoss or good temper. " Don't talk rubbish, my darling," he said, testily. "Not all the paper that over was written on can make a barrier between you and meo." But the frank roughness of the spoocb, the love that prompted and the strong, possessive clasp that a?c companied it, brought no comfort to Nits now. Sho only bshook her head drearily, and shrank from her lover's touch with such unefeigned and evident pain that at last, half-angrily, he lot her go, and stood resting his back against the high, quaintly. carved mantol-piece,looking downon horwith a' kindling fire in his darlrk.blue eyes. "Erio," she says, pleadingly, and the white fingers, on one of which the bethrothat diamond gleams, rest with a tremulous boeseeching touch on the grey'coat.aleove. "Erie, do not mnake my hard task harder-for your own sake, for all our sakes it must be done," "Do it then," is the curt answer. And once again Nits extends the paper she holds. "Will you not road it ? " "I will not," he says with prompt decoision. "Tell me with your owmn lips the bogey secret that is to keep us two apart," "Very well." She draws a long breath and summons all her courage to her aid. How hard the task he has set her will be-even he does not guess. " Erio, your family is a very old one is it not ?" He stares at the irrelovont question, but answers it promptly. "Oh I pretty well for that, you know. I am the twelfth baronet, and the Romaynes were swells in the land before King James invented that little distinction." "And all your ancestors have beeoon good and honorable, no disgrace or shadow of disgrace has rested on them ?" " Well, of course, there have boon some queer fish, but on the whole our reooord is a pretty clean one." Ho speakls with a forced lightness, partly to reassure her, partly to argue down his own rising fears; but none the less does the white pain of the fair girlish face strike to his very heart. "Then among these men and women of unblemishbed name there is no plaeo for me. Erio, my darling, you must let me go, for the sins of tlhe fathers are visited upon tile children -and my father was-ohl I heaven help and pity me I a oonvict-a thief I" " Groat heavensI it cannot he-it is not I" cried the young man pne. sionately, his hlandsome turned faoo flushing and paling alternately. "Nite, who voucheose for this monstrous lie ?" "I, Bit Erie Romayne I" He turns as thebo olear, viblrating voice falls on his ear, sees Jossion, stately and sombre in her mourning drapery, framed in tlheo doorway, and looking, withll her pale face and darlkly burning eyes, like some avenging goddess summoned from the clouds by the fieorce passion of hIis appeal. At the sight his troubled faeoo olears suddenly, the brightness coming bnck to it as you may see the sun break through a riven cloud. " Oh, you I" he says, withll a long sigh of relief. "I see it all then. This is some melodramatio scheme of vengeance." Joesica only smiles, a cold, glitter. ing smile, thlat awes and chills this now.horn hope. And Nits brealks despairingly in "No, Erio I I dare not disbelieve the story- it comes to me from the grave. Thie," touching the paper she holds, "is a letter written by Mrs. Ormo to her brother, tolling him who and What I really am, and begging him to keep the shameful secrot from me." "And he loft it to you in his turn P" "No," said Jossioa, coolly as to spooch but with a mad vinditolive gleam in her dark eyes; " that supromo pleasure was mine. My brother being seriously ill, the taskl of turnming over my father's papers fell to me; and when among them I found the important ldocument that told me thle fortunsto Miss Fitzgerald was not a Fitzgerald at all, not the distant connecotion my infatuated aunt hlad called her, but the child of Robort Gorvayso, Mr. Ormo's fraudulent coashior, I could hardly Irkeep tlhe die. covery to myself, could I, Sir Erio Romayno ?" Sir Erie could only staro blanklly at the beonutiful faeoo with its look of devilish, triumphant malice and murmur blanklly "It is not true 1" "aIn it not? Search the roaords of the French police courts and find your father.in.law's sentence to the Bagno indelibly set down there, Your conneootions will be onviable indeed, Sir Erio, if the honour to whioh Nita Fitzgorald was destined be still ano corded to Nit Georvayso. How the soul of the dead forgat would rejoieoo to see his daughter Lady Romayno I Hflow your father would welcome sench an addition to the race I" "Erie al" oriod Nits, wildly, "do not heeood hor l What she says is nothing; but it is all true-I oannot doubt granny's letter, she loved me too well to harm me-and, my darling, we must part I" "Never I" criod the young man, olasping her to him with a sort ofI passionate defiance - pride all swallowed up in a strong rush of pity and proteooting love for tile pale, oruslly.triod girl beside him. "Never I whatever happens, we will never he less to eacnoh other than we are to day I" Jesoica might have stood for a statue of bafled hate, as she looked on the pair who all her subtle skill soomed powerless to part. uAnd just then, while they wore thus dramatiocally posed, the door behind her opened, and Samuel Orofton Croobio came feeoobly srnd slowly into the room. WVas it Samuel or hie ghost ? Evoen Nits in her sharp personal pain, even Erio in his hot anger and dislike, pausced to ask the qusetion, as the frail, shadowy figure oroept forward in the sunlight, till it came up near them, and, graspitng ha obir-haok for support and gazing at them with groat hollow eyes thlat seemed to burn from the wan, wasted face, stood panting for breath, " Sam, you should be in your bad," said his sister, quickly, a thrill of un. defined terror Elrhrpening her clear soft noteo. He just glanced at her-with anger and dieguet it seemted to hIer frightened fancy--and wrid aery ooldly " o. I heould he here I Carrie chanced to tell that Miss Fitzgerald was here with yeou, that Sir Erie had been sent for, and then"-preseeing one thin hand upon his forehead with a painful gesture-" it all came bnck to me and I Iknow there was misohiuf on hand. Miies Fitzgerald," Ihe went on, wilh a rapid clcang of tone and manner, "you do not like me, and you owe me neither respect nor krindness; but I have come to serve you now. Whatover there was to pain or shame you in that paper, to raise a barrier between you and Sir Erio, disregard and disbelieve it, for it isall nntruo I" It was hard to doubt words spoken with such painful earnestoess and passion, yet Nita doubted still. "But this letter I " she cried pits. ounsly, and then, no he took out another letter, identical in shape and general aspect, but written in a fainter and more faded ink, eho paused, trembling and faint, dimly guoesing the roevela tion to come. "This is the real trust confided to my fathor's ohargo; in this you will find the true story of your father's lifo -a life of which thoro was muoli of martyrdom, nothing of shame or in." Nita tookl the paper; but the tears that filled her eyes fell fast as rain on tho familiar lcharactors, so that she failed to road them. She turned with an appealing look to her lover. "Erio, read it." Erio road as follows MY Dchac Buortna,--Lest ye hould tlhink tho will lthat leavcep my wealth away from you and yours a hard or unjust one, I toll to you, and you only, the troa story of my heiress and her heritage. Nile Flizgerald has been as my own child to me, and as a child I love her bult oaffection would not make me rob you to enriah her. My husband's fortune gons to her, because he, I know, would wish it; boe. ocaoo she is the daughter of a man he most cruelly wronged. Robert Gervsyese was my Ioesbend's eashier and general manager; he was a gentlemen by birth, but the world need htim 111i; he took the employment thankfully, and for a year Mr. Orme was loud in his praise beostowed upon his loyal and skilful oervirco, Then--i hardly hnow how it happened he grow suaspiolous. Large sums woredrawn mysteriouesly from the business, the accoaunts wore no longer erylal clear, and seemed to puzzle the cashier himself. At last a forged cheque for anl enormoaes um was traced to Roiert Gervayaoe'e hands, and, despite his plo testations of innocence, his vain efortle to extricateo himnolf from the not woven round him, he wase tried, convicted, and sentenoed to ten years' imprisonment, my hueband's nophow being prineipal witness at the trial. Indigoant as Mr. Ormo was t tihe fraud and the ingratitude with which he had beeoon treated, le hoeartt' failed him when senteooce was prononnead. uobert Goravoye bore it ail like a hero, till the girl he was to hlave married rose in the court with an hysterie ory and stretched her lonag rms towards him with the patbhetic words " Tun years i What are they, Robert ? Weo can wait and truct each other." I thinkle thiii fervent faith hook hsle beliefo in Roliert Gorveyso's geilt for the first time; but Frederick Ormo hastened to re noaure him. " P'ooh-pooh I A foollalh, credulones, woman. Lt lier tlhink him a martyr lif eo can. It may consolo her. You nod I how better, sir." I thought the wvords lhard and crnel then. I thought of them ngauin when Frederlo eeeoeded to the criminal's place, eud yet again, when ton years later, lying at death's door, he poured his guilty eeoretl into my husland's oar, and owned that be had boo lthe realoulprit-- that, with much ingenuity, he had made Robert orcvayou tihe suapegoat of his sin. The shoolk nearly brooke Mr. Orme's hkanr, that be hould lhave bonn grert a dupe and his ncphew such a villain I IHe had booeen ail ing a long time, was now a very old man, and died ton days after mailing the discovery. S"FinedRobert GOervaysou," he said cwith his last breath, "ind compenctle him for thebo wrong Ile hai endulod." Alaso I suchl compensation was imposesible. I accepted the lnoe as a asnored duty, bat found only the graves of Rlobert ind his wife. True to bher promise, the girl waited for ten weary years, married him tbe moment he was released, and leftll him after ono nhaorl year ol wedded bliss, dying at her child's birth, and in lesn than a yeaour he followed hier, leaving the little Nlta alone in the world. Now, brother yeou Inow the story of Nita Fitzgerald, for the right to the ncme sbo boars il legally secured, and feel with me, I hope, that the Ormo wealth is righinlly bore. I feel this justifoation of my eet is fairly your due ; bot keeoop the story to yourself-cnone other has the right to hear it--hoop it above all from hebor. It would shadow her young lifo too deeply. As Sir Erio's voice died away, and Nita's head fell forward with a sobbing ory, in which all her pain and all her gratitude found vent, Samuel tried to draw the false oletter from her hand, but her lover intorposed " Stayl I There has beeoon foul play hero. 'This papor is a forgery I" "It is, and I am the forgor l" said Jeossioa, dauntlessly. " What then, Sir Eric Romayne? I tried to blacken the scutoheon of the girl who sapplanted me, to makels your marriago impoessible. It is only the failuro of my sohleomo that I regret." "Silonoe I Joesica, for prudonoe if not for shame," said her brother hoareoly. She turned with the look of a thwarted demon, and rather snarled than spoke--. "Meddling fool I but for yenu and my own coward fears I should have succeeded. I took you for my faither's spirit, and lot my weapon drop. Well, I am weapouloss now; if Sir Erio choosee to send the girl he loved once to a convict prison he will only prove that tis love runs in the criminal line." Sir Eric mot her finshing look sternly, and epoko in sad, slow tones " We will leave you, Lady Romayno and I, to the punishment of your own baffled hate," Sho never dropped the bold, splendid eyes, never changed from rod to pale, or lot her full lips quiver, but swept a mooling stage oourtsoy, and passed onlmly smiling from the room. .But Samuel lingored still, shamed and stricken with remorseo, but look ing, Nita thought, nobler and more man-like for that very shamo, and her Iheart warmed instinctively towards her kind guardian's son. "Forgive ans i you ean, Nita. We are going out of your lifo now-and I -I am very aorry I over vexed you." Nita put out her hand with a glad, frank smile and olapeod the thin, cold fingeors that seemed to bshrink from her touoh. " Bay no moro," sheo said earnoestly; "from this day all the past shall be forgotteon-all ill-will be btriod boe twoon tius, if only for your dear fathor'a sake." " And for the mau'e part you have played today," added Eric warmly, "let me thank you, Mr. Crosbie, in my wife's narme and my own." Samnaol's hollow eyes hlashed for a moment, then grow dim with tenra, "No," he said simply, " do not thank me; forgive her and believe that for the moment grief had turned bher brain." And then he too went-abruptly, as though he feared for his own self control. Erio looked after him with a lingering gazo of strong astonish. mont. '".That young fellow will make a man yet, Nita; he has been pulled up just in time." " Just on this side of the grave you mean," said Ntra, sadly. "Carrie tells me he hals been delirious sinsce the night of his father's death. The shook nearly hillo4 him." "'But having survived, it he has ' thrown away the worse half of him, to live the purer with the better part,'" quoted Erio. "And now, enough of the Orofton Crosbies. Nite, my own darling, is the fiat irrevocable ? Must we indeed part ?" There is not musb fear in the bold blue eyes that question her so closely -not much timidity in the strong arm that draws the girl closer and closer to him, till the bronzed head rests upon his shoulder and his lips touolh the soft, blushing face. "Must we part, Nita 2" "Ah, no I " and the girl olings to him with a little cry of utter content. "Thank Heaven for that. But Eric-" "But, Nits " the eyes that lookeld down on the pretty blushing faeoo and slender fingers, tremulously toying with the convenient coat.buttone, were bright with loving laughter, the up raised eyes were earnest even to pain. "If that had been true, Erio, if my father had bonu what they called him, I could not, I would not have married you, though the parting broke my heart." "Wonuld you not ? " said Erio, joy. ously. " Billy child, I should have made you. You have yet to learn the strength of a man's love." "AAh Erio; you make the too common mistakel of your sex. Don't you know, dear, that Man's love is of men's life, a thing apart, 'Tise womau's whole exteteece I Terribly true was this of Nita, although-with all deforence to the poet-it is only once or twice in a hundred times that a woman knows how to love as our heroine loved. Nita-alasl I for herself and for many others likel hoter-loved almost too well. Heart and soul she gave herself to Erio. She loved him somuch that she searcely eared when their marriage should take place, for to her they would be one from the hour when he first held her to his breast and she felt the beating of his heart against her own. SAnd while Erio tells her how well and how long he has loved her, she kisses him once more-a long, fervent, passionate hiss, and thus they are bethrothed. The day for their marriage was soon after fixed. It was to take place in the following Octobor. Erio seemed satisfied, although he said very little on the suhject. But Nits wondered little at that. She had road Byron's poem, and she believed the lines. She could understand how ai man might have many other interests in life and yet be a fond, true lover; for herself, love was indeed her whole existence, and she wished for nothing more. But Erio's devotion never ceased in the happy years that followed their wedding, and Nita, found to her in expressible joy, that the one true love for which such a soul as hers was created, had indeed come to her, TIsE END. 