TOPICS OF THE HOUR.' By ' Asmodsus.' 'Asmodeus' satirises the late Satanio Weather, and illustrates tho fllmslness of the War Cloud by an anecdote about some Belligerent Bush Boozers— The German Emperor and his Skating Rela tive— What befell an inqusitive soldier with a Gimlet eye-Stookings, and the suggestions to which they are accessory. Have yoa noticed how delightfully refresh ing, invigorating and even exhilarating the weather here has been at intervals of late ? It reminds me so much of my dear old home in the Sunny South, with its lively lakes of boiling lava, its mountains of flaming sulphur, and its natural baths of bubbling brimstone whioh give pleasure to ail. I preBnme that like all other blessings, that have enriched and beautified this favored land of late, the present glorions spell of SheoiiBtic weather is duetto the thoughtfal care of the God- fearing government for its people's comfort in this Ivortd, and perhaps it is intended to aot as a mild preparation for the next world also, I am afraid the charming change is too good to last long, however, for earth's choicest plea sures are of a fleeting kind ; bat anyway, let us make tbe most of the blessing while it is here, and remember the shrewd advice con tained in the lovely lines of the poet Parkes, or Alfred Austin, or the Opp Bier man (I forget which genius wrote them now) ; — Whether it's cold or whether it'r 'ot, We've got to weather it whether or not. « * m War was certainly a most appropriate theme for disoussion during the fiery days of the past weak, but the serious tons in which it was discussed here, and the idiotic capers carried on in other colonics turned what our only General — MaeHatton — would call 'a god-like occupation ' into a matter for con tempt and ridicule. It was very funny to hear a lot of barber's clerks and counterskip pers prating about the ' Btern necessity for the colonies to support balisbury a policy, evon at tbe point of the sword,' when, as a matter of faot, the combined influence of all the Jingoistic Jugginses wasn't sufficient to enable them to get a can of ' colonial ' on credit, even in their own land. To tell a great stateiman that you 'cordially approve of his foreign policy,' as the Throe Tailors of Little Bourke-street did, implies that you con sider you hold the right and might to make him feel your disapproval should he frame a poliey contrary to your viewa, and the idea of Salisbury squirming over what tbe Cabbage Garden galoots thinks about his statesman ship is the funniest item I have struck tinoe I helped General Joshua's Hallelujah Bsnd to blow down the wall of Jericho. Of oourse, I knew there wonld be more skite than fight all along ; in fact the sayings and doings, of the Great and Little Powers of late ramini&d; me forcibly of the carryings on of a lot of stone-broke busbies in a country pab on a wet day. Having been frequently and firmly refused drinks, unless -on tbe spot cash .system, one of the dead-heats suddenly lifts up his voioe and informs the world at large, and no one in particular, that he will 'fight any crimson man on earth for fifty crimson nonnda. and nnt, ths crimenn mnnnv down straight away.' Immediately a very dirty man in a corner shouts back, 'You fight, you blanky eon of a native oat? Feedin'e more in your line than fightin'. Ef there's anyone here fancies hisself in the ecrappin' line, I'm his blanky man, and I'll fight 'im for a 'undrid quid and stake the money now.' ? ?' ? . * Suddenly the quietest and most respectable looking man iu the bar lots out a string of indecencies, gross enough to moke even the spook of Babelais squirm, npon which another respectable man empties a spittoon over his head, and then ten men jump into the middle of the bar, and in the most lurid and emphatio manner all proolaim aloud that ' they'll fight any two gory men in the gory district — one np, one down — for five 'undrid pounds, and stake the money wid the boss at once.' Then the confusion and the cursing rises to the highest pitch. Everybody pre sent informs everybody else that he is a lurid liar, and his father was a goat; and he can't fight any more than a sanguine sow. Whoops and yells can be heard five miles off, and everybody wants to rash out right away and stamp up to his knees in gore; but no one goes, although the door is wide open, and there is a suitable «logging.epot just outside. At last the landlord, who has grown very weary of the whole matter, slouohes in and says: 'If you fellows don't stop yer blanky rot, I'll sling th' lot o' you eat on your ruddy heads into the gory gutter.' InBtantly abjeot apologies are heard on every side. All the skitors declare they 'allers respected th' boss and his 'ones, an', strike 'em pink, they would do nothin' t' annoy him' — and so the whole shindy fizzles away without any livers being torn out, as threatened about 7000 times ? in fact without any one even running the risk of putting up hie hands. Every one who has had any bush experience must have witnessed an improving scene like tha above, and the close resemblanoe between it and the war-talk of the last few weeks must be ap parent to all. « * * Oar readers can take it from me that there will not be any great war for some consider able time, because a great war costs a great deal of money to carry on, and very few nations can now afford the luxnry of butcher ing their fellow-men at a cost of a few million pounds a day — even to oblige 'MaeHatton.' : Peace or war mainly leits with the Roths childs now, and they do not favor the busi ness of slaughter at all. There can be no question that.gold rules the world to-day, and in faot, the Rothschilds proved its and their power in a peaceful way thirty years ago. ? » * At that time the Sissiau Government demanded an indemnity of five million pounds from the City of Frankfort The head of the Rothschilds promptly sent word to Cpunt Bismarck that if an attempt was j made to force the levy he would break every bank in Berlin, whereupon the man of blood and beer lost no time in backing down on his exorbitant domand. .' During the last twelve years the Rothchild's have lent to different European Governments nearly ninety million pounds, and their enormous wealth is all the more remarkable from the . faot that their family was totally unknown a century ago. Now its members number no fewer than eleven barons, hat for all that, if I wish to Had the happiest, man alive to-day, it is not into the bouse of a Rotbschild'B I wonld take the first peep, ; ? ' -. The greatest danger to the peace of Europe lies in the fact that Germany's crack brained Kaiser is atill on deck and is apparently^ getting more balmy .every day. His idea it that he is. commissioned to ran' tbe whole world, and when he isn't waving hia bloodless swoM and bluntly declaring that he and God will defend the right, lie is poking his spiked nose into the private in * etr?A wh^eh, i£.h» tried it on here, would promptly lead to that nose being turned into a life- like representa tion of a squashed banana. ? ? » Kaiser Billy's action in telling his cousin Leopold's wife that it would suit her better to stop at home, putting a new dome ia the j old man's pants, or darning her own leg- gear, instead of skating about the country, wbb outrageous enough, but he rubbed the insult in by proclaiming to the world tha wholly unnecessary and humiliating fact that Mrs Leopold was 29 years of age. If Kaiser Hilly had put an insult like that on the donah of a 'Che-owder' larrikin, why, s'welp mcgor I he'd have his pet boil buret with the butt end of a beer-bottle before he'd had titne to eay 4 Sir George Reid ! ' The thought tbat this lop-eared looney can start livo millions of the finest trained soldiers iu the world oa. the warpath is not calculated to make peaceable people feel comfortable ; asd it would be a happy thought on the part of the Kaiser's dear old Granny if she went over to 0-emaany and got that bad boy Billy across her tense, and fanned hie southern hemisphere witli her slipper until his nose began to bleed, and thereby cooled his over-heated brain. I don't know whether the Kaiser was at | the bottom of the business or not ? it was just like one of hiB jackass capers — bat any way, a sort of Social Purity Society was started in Berlin not long ago, aud about 200 waspish wives formed themselves into a Gimlet-hole Boring Brigade, for the express purpose o£ keeping a strict watch over the doings of their own and other women's liui bands. Spies of the male persuasion h&d; to be engaged, of conrse ; and a good story iB told of one of theBe mean cusses, who llap psnB to be a soldier, and who, while doing ' sentry go ' at one of the park gates, aaw two forms stealing softly along at midnight1' silent hour. 4 Hello !' said tho weary watcher, as he enill'ed a fat society reward and the chances of promotion, ' a man and & woxuan coming here at this late hour! They cio't be up to much good. This sort of tiling must be suppressed, and by jove I'm just the man to suppress it; so 111 creep quietly up, secure unquestionable proof, and then justice shall be done, even though the HeavenB fall.' * ? * Accordingly, tbe smart sentinel crept noise lessly up to the rear of the couple, peeped round a plantation fenoe, and then hurried away as fast as if he had run up against & ghost, his trembling lips muttering as he ran. 'Gott in Himmel ! Why it's my own Captain and my own wife too 1 And the conduct of my captain is unworthy of an officer and a gentleman I' The Heavens didn't fall, bat, the lady did, aud the discreet husband went up a step in the rank, not for his zeal in the cause of Social Purity, but as a reward for his silence, ? * , I think I have discovered the real reason why Jack Want went to Japan in such a hurry the other day. Ho wants to fill a long felt want by ascertaining if he has suoh a thing about him as a warui toshu, for upon it may depend the fate of the Reid Govern, ment. Amongst the many queer notions ?f those queer little people the Japs, isuae -0 the effeot that every man has his warui toshus, or unluoky years, and those years roll round when he reaches the ages of 7, 25, 37 42 and 01, Every Jap feels much relieved when he has passed each of those dreaded periods, and yet the Japanese do not value this life much higher than their neighbors the Chinese do. Probably their feelings in this respect are something similar to that of the man who always gave a funeral proces sion a wide berth because he held tbat it wonld be very unlucky to be run ovor and killed by a hearse. Apropos to which, I may remark that towards the dose of his chequered life, just as he was beginning to loss his nerve, good-hearted old Dick Thatcher used to grow very restless whenever he had to cross a busy street. One day I asked him the reason of this, and hiB reply was, 'I am always afraid of being knocked down and killed by a oab with a harlot in it, for tbat seems to me to be the most dishonorable death a man could die.' » » * The Japs assert that if a man can manage to pall through one of his unlucky years, he is pretty safe from the frowns of Fortune until the next one rolls round; a matter whioh gentlemen who earn a precarious existence by pioking doubles, in?esting in sweeps, or marrying for money would do well to romember. It is a remarkable faot that all nations attach particular importsnoe to 7, or any multiple of that , figure. Thus at 14, twice seven, the male and female are supposed to have arrived at puberty; at 21, three sevens, the male 'becomes of age,J while many writers, Aristotle in partioular, fix 85( Ave sevens, as the age at which men are at the height of their bodily vigor, while 49, or seven sevens, is the year of their marimnm mental aotivity. At the age of- 68, nine sevon^ the most trivial diseases are likely to cause the death of even the robust old men, while 70. or. ten sevens, has been set down ai the limit of man's earthly career. Tbese remarks have no application to women at all, beoiuse no woman ever gets past four sevens, or 26— except Kaieer William's cousin's wife, and she has been proclaimed to be 29, Some time ago tbe giddy old lady who sits on the Scarlet Beast at the comer of Hunter street, published the astounding statement that 'there was really no more harm in 1 lady showing her stockings than thew was is her snowing her shoulders.' I knew that 1 heap of trouble would oome from that nnseeinly statement, and, in fact In once ealled for tenders for the erection of two new mil rooms and the exoavation of three lava to 1,8 d6B9by hona-fide resi- $ato«f%gX. atta; XiBistacXonmft plui, of course. How in thunder « Mr. James 1 came to pass the above awful assertion is a mystery to me; but, anyway, proof of the evil done by it is found in the onoe-chaste columns of tbe ' D. T.,' wherein 'Oatis,' speaking of tbe bloomer business, daringly says he sees no harm in women ' wearing a handy suit whioh incidentally exposes a few inohes of highly respeotable stocking, and makes a few suggestions.' « ? » * No fault can be found with a stocking per se — unleBB there's a hole in the heel or a split up the seam — but what in thunder iB to be done with the alleged respeotable portion of the Press that whoops for a woman's dress which 'makes a few suggo&tione; ?' Kaieer William wouldn't stand that sort of chat from the ' Zeitang ' or the ' Saner krauteuschbiadt,' or any other pious prints * made in Germany,' I'll swear, and if suoh a thing occurs again the God-fearing Govcm ment here will be in duty .bound to step in and send ' Outis ' to a nunnery or a brewery nnfrit he can manage to stifle the ' old Adam ' now talking through his bat. As the starter of the scandal Master James must be dealt with severely, too. A oourse of ooanpulsory attendance at pony races and down-the-'arbor-picnica might meet his case. For the bad example set by him has de moralised the men of other lands as wall as our own. For instance, a Melbourne daily paper, speaking of some trouble which has arisen in the LadieB' Cycling Clnb down there eays : — Though the rai:on d'etre of tbe Glnh In reasonable desire to show her legs, which are often so mnoh more fetching than her taoe, a rule has been framed absolutely prohibiting fair members from donninc bags? breaches. It is imdcntoyd that tbo BOTCIB in this nuttier were some flat-footed « frampe' with attenuated shanks, who were fearful ot incurring tbo ridicule of the street ? nrcLin. One or two lu.l ltmbea'gtrit strove baldly for breeches, bufrwere im potent before the powerful Bkirt coterie. * » « Poet Pops was rig ht. When VicDiis seen too oft, when we become familiar with her face, we 'first endure, then pity, then em brace.' The ' Herald ' started by suggesting that ladies might occasionally gladden the heait of man by a sight of their stockings ; tben the 'D.T.' spoke up for a dress -that ? made a few suggestions ' on its own, and now the Melbourne dailies clamour for' the ? full-limhed girl' to come boldly forth and gratify their 'reasonable desire to show ttaeir legB' — not their 'lower limbs,' mind yoa, but actually ^ their plain unvarnished legs.! What does it all mean ? Are things what they seem ; or is visions about ? Is our' Suuday-aehool teaching a failure, or iB the Press-parson played out ? ? » « Even the above isn't the fall measure of our terrible trouble either. Some one evidently took a copy of the heathen ' Herald ' to England and spread its baneful blighting poison round, for Laiy Ooliu Campbell, after being bored by a lady's gymnasticdlsplay in London says : ? It is rather sad to have to record that in all the bAnd of glilt there is not ono good pair of legs. There are long girls with lees like cedar pencil *; there are ehort ones with legs like those of a dech shund; thenars legs with the calves slipped do .m to the anklev.and there are legs without any oaWes at all. Bat among those 19 or 20 girle, ploked ?ferandom, there is not one pair of legs which could be even ermed promising in shspe, * * * That item is from a ' Review ' compiled by St. Stead, and edited by Parson Fitchott, and as Lady Colin truly says, it is ' rather aad ' indeed. As a matter of faot it is enOogh to make even a member of tha 'TVM,0.A. blow ont his brains with a bow and arrow tor it more than hints that the odds are his best girl has either cedar-pencil legs, or she is ' beef to the heels ' like the ' unshapely heifers of Mnllingar. 