ROUND THE TOWN. A large and useful assortment of business discussed at the Prahran Council meeting on Monday. There was one marked peculiarity about the meeting, and that was — So little was made of the severe snubbing the council received through its Yarra floods conference delegate, Cr G. L. SHinner. Perhaps the reason for this was that councillors were under the im pression that the subject required the most delicate handling. Cr Turner spoke apologetically, whilst Cr Mad dxik straightened his backbone and was not inclined to smooth things over, but even he eventually appealed to gauibol about without wishing to touch some hidden kernel, until finally he made a wise suggestion, which, however, was not acted upon. Cr Skinner resigned his post as conference delegate, confidence was expressed in him, and he accepted re-appointment. Future events will now be watched with compound in terest. There is certainly little chance of that ' dead' conference coming to life again, and it will indeed need a big quantity of castor oil to heal up the sore already inflicted on the council through its delegate. The council owes a duty to the ratepayers iu take some decisive action as soon as a sign of even tlie shadow of another snub appears on the horizon. It has been given out that Minister Taverner intends to ask Parliament to compel municipalities to contribute towards Yarra improvements. Things are getting warm, very warm ! Cr Forbes was an absentee from the meeting. What a pity ! It would have done his heart good to have heard the City Inspector's report read on the state of that Bird Cage. Says a Prahran councillor : — ' Our tradesmen are being done to death by the police over the bye-laws. It was never intended that the public should be persecuted.' At Monday's meeting Cr Turner ! pave an extensive quotation from 1 Roman history ; it was a specimen that he had probably treasured up from his school days. A blaze of poetry also bursted from Cr Turner's bosom. As a talker he is a success. As a reciter he isn't. Crs Maddock and Nyulasy had another wordy spar — this time on the question as to whether the surveyoj 's report should or should not be read at the fag end of a meeting. Cr Xyulasy said councillors would not be able to understand tlie report suffi ciently to discuss it.' At this Cr Maddock felt that his intelligence had received a sudden shock, and then the epithets of ' impudence,' ' politeness,' iVc., were thrown from one to the other. Several other choice expressions were alleged to have been used, but were heard only Iiy Cr Furneaux, who sits between the two ' bad boys,'' and he won't divulge. ' Nothing before the Orders of the Day, I suppose'.'' is a favorite joke of Mayor Luxton's. The ' invitation' always brings Cr Nay lor to his feet, and invariably he is followed by many others. No rest for the w — — d, Mi Mayor ! Right throughout the meeting Mayor Luxton only spoke on one subject, and even then his remarks comprised but nine words. Fact is His Worship is a martyr, as his ' bhoys,'' with their long speeches, don't give him a ghost of a show. Put your foot down, Mr Mayor, put your foot down ! Librarian Clarke has again shifted his domestic establishment from tlie Town Hall buildings. If the place is (to him) not a health-giving resort lie cannot be blamed — in fact, de serves commiseration, as he loses valuable perks. Understood that the assistant 'hall-keeper will occupy Mr Clarke's vacated quarters. A triumph of muscle over brains ! Speaking of libraries, the following par., extracted from an exchange, is of interest — The atni3spliere of Melbourne Public Library breaks down, iu middle age, every man who has been long there. I know olE three complete wrecks of such. Chief Librarian Bride only resigned because of his health, which was affected almost from the first.' The truth of the above remarks is not hard to imagine. At a benefit entertainment given in Prahran the other evening Mr Mick Lyons officiated as ' stage damager,' or something like that. His chief duty was to lead the lady performers before the footlights. At times Mick did his ?Work most inartistically. He ought to have known better than to have got behind one painted darling and shove her on to the stage ! Mick should indulge iu a little practice be fore he attempts to ' pass up the next lot !'' 1 was a little misinformed re the hill of particulars respecting the hire of the rcom for the Temperance meeting referred to last issue. First of all the school hinted at has a per fect right to make a charge, as it pays water, municipal and sanitary rates, heing assessed like any other pro perty. Then the price was agreed to hv the parties, and I believe this school offered the best terms of any ?^though that rather emphazises than takes from the strictures passed. But as I only want to be fair in any re marks I make, I'm bound to say that in the case referred to, as an agree ment was entered into presumably to the satisfaction of both parties, that oae party should not lie blamed be cause the said agreement was duly carried out. A cor respondeat writes to Melb. Herald complaining of the want of shelter at the Prahran Pigeon 'House | alias Cow Shed alias Railway Station. There was no need of the correspon dent using a nom de plume. He is quite right in what he says. It is hardly fair to blame the council over the station, for goodness knows they jeered at it, derided it and condemned j it all they knew. The trouble is, however, that the council, when it shows its teeth, is looked upon as quite harmless. Presumption versus Purity and Principle! At the meeting in the Prahran Town Hall to consider Board of Advice matters an individual who openly, by bis voting, en deavored to condemn the members ol tne late Board because they had simply done their duty, had the pre sumption to inflict his presence on those who are fighting for an honest principle by meeting with them i* ; the Mayor's parlor at the conclusion j of the meeting ! Handsome illustra- j tion] this, of Presumption attacking j Purity and Principle ! At Numurkah on March 19th last, Mr M'Kinney.. a local journalist, was ' run in' by a Constable O'Connor ou a charge of being drunk and dis orderly. The charge was dismissed by the court, and as a sequel the constable - and Senior - Constable Haynes, lat of Prahran, were charged with misconduct iu connection with the arrest. The charges were cn ! quired into by Supt. Sadlier, and held to be t: ue. Sequel this time — Havncs reduced to a constable and O'Connor dismissed. The proprietor I of the ' Leader,' rival paper to [ M'Kinney's, also found himself en tangled in the whirlpool of actions that seemed to have suddenly broken over the place, and had to defend a libel suit brought against him by M'Kinney. The above are a few condensed facts. I don't want to be drawn— (emphasis on the 'drawn') — into a discussion on the matter, but merely wish to say that during the many years Senior Constable Haynes was stationed in Prahran no man was held in higher respect than he. He was also looked upon as a quiet and unassuming and conscientious oflicer, and in regard to the unfortu nate trouble that has come upon him he has the confidence, respect and sympathy of a whole host of warm friends iu Prahran. The atmosphere at Numurkah needs cleansing, and it would be well if some outside and independent Commission took the job on. Loumjkk. 