i GREAT WRONG; THE 'jfoYBTEXtX OF BLACK V . -l' ' HOLLOW GRANGE* . ? chapter nii : ? ? ' V.'-*-' ITXOHT OF TKBBOB. ;, , i. \ 1 , Tha darkness of audden night nettled down ' [upon the doomed vessel and tha desolate \r . 'adore near which she lay. It r ' 5 aea rose higher and higher, great V-i (V(j .'Wayes, like mountains, b truck tho nhip,1 lift h« hearlly agninat \- Withal, tho long, threatened gal e ' ' ,«ame on, tearing through the black fog like v ,a shrieking demon, and beating the poor / ' ' _ .floundering Nautilus with each merciless ?' ' ' v-i ' . .'fury that she began to show euro ' signs of .[:',Vv;5 fl1-''- ' going to, pieces. ? ' r' ' ? Far away In the black distance bourse ?' '.??'A'V -thundere 'bellowed, and at intervals a red ' cflame of lightning leaped out, giving the poor ' , ,» a#ol» huddled on the deck o glimpse of the ,? vV- ' . awful doom that awaited thorn. Shrieks. and Trails of lamentation rose .n' i-'l 'above the clamor of ' the storm, and every J _ , minute some poor creaturo was dashed into *,,, /' -,the sea. The captain, driven wild with' ter- (,ror, , ascurtd tho only available boat, and '- ' ? ,with some halt ?»*. dozen men, deserted the ' . *Wp, but the boat was swamped almost in , , ' itantly, Baatening the fate the occupants were so desirous to escape. , : '. ' '' In the midst of all this awful peril, while . W.1' , the'Nautilas shuddered under him, and the AT-C ' -great waves rushed over her, sweeping ofl \- , ''r Jt ijqostns.of poor souls, to untimely death. An :.'-vc*'Vv''' '' i -drew, Bruce; made his way to that part of -? ' C .the- deck where the dead man had lain await a lug burial, The body lay thero still, sown up in the 1 - ' ' . hammock, and thrown into a sheltered car j '? nan Where it'escaped the fall' force of wind , '' 'and water. While scores of living men had been swallowed up by the sea this dead man 1 C ma spared. ' t - - AndrewBxuce saw the shrouded figure, by \- ' .the dash of the lightning,, and put forth his f foot and touohed it. His .face, as be stood i 1 there in the stormy darkness, wore a strange I , - (-J-; - look — the look of a man beset by some i.-'-yfrVr'.' v strong temptation, to -which he was not ,, wholly willing to succumb. . . . A.,:. ' *'? . ?. For five minutes, perhaps, he hesitated, his ( - face . ashen white, - his breath coming in ' i labored gasps, then suddenly he fell on his kpees beside the corpse of the man who had Vv ' , ?- been his friend. . ' I may as well take them,' he muttered. \- 'Where's the harm? Arid there's no telling, v'-v what' they are.' ' ' «?' „- ? ' He, drew., a small knife from his pooket, r ; | ,and, opened the keen, slim blade. 1 ; Then.' * ' with a few rapid strikes, though he Worked ' In ut^er dark'nessi he cut an opening in the hammock much larger than was necessary for \- ? -- ' ihe' ptirpose, 'for he rent it moro than half its ? . i. length. ?'.? /?hV'C' ' . ? ' --wlth eager hands he groped for a few i - momenta around the dead man's bosom; ; H6 i, '- ' found the miniature and the package of letters, and drew them fprth. :, -? ' ? package was warm, so ma the ivory , ' ? . , case of the miniature. So also wns the bosum -/ from whlch'he had taken them; drenched a« 1 '? ' it was by the sea; but in his terror and hurry, -p s Andrew Bruce took no note of the'se' strange . miniature and \ the . . letters. / - k. --' - - in bis own breast, looked, about; bim' flrith; t4. startled glances, to be certain this rdlSoBi-y ' J l*' of the dead had not been: witnessed;! ind V '' then fled away to make an effort to save ;his -' - own life. v-: ' * The dead man lay where he left him; the , hammock cut away, his chest . and hisf ace '' t both exposed. An awfully ghastly face it was,' { ail a sudden-lightning flame illuminated the ' ' . deek for an instant, a faco very like, unto * ' ' death. let on the right cheek there was a ' ? ? long gash, made by Bruce's careless and cruel r knife, and from this wound a slender stream i . of red blood trickled. , : ' \- ?' 'Andrew Bruce, having secured the' papers ba coroted, hurried forward just ;as the , i.1. _ fTautilusparted amidships with a thundering V ~ noise;- He had secured a'life.. preserver, aud ''/? r then made hls way to that part of tl)e wreck which was .nearest the .coast. The; black, waves were strewn with bits pf timber, and ? ; , ? floating chests, and boxes, and to these dozens ' *? of poor souls clung, struggling for life, be ing beaten down every minute by the restless waves.!,' ' ' ' There was small chance of escape ; little , hope of life, but Andrew Bruce was. resolute, ' , to risk bis fate. Ho was a daring man, ' and an expert swimmer. -While an effort re t.; , mained to him ha woild hot stand and wait , , for death. ' ' '' ? ? ... '. ' He was on the point, of leaping ofi the ,--/ ? / wreck, which wan momentarily, going to ; r - - pieccs, when a shrill cry arrested h is attention \- .'j-' ! . '? ' ' T-a ohild'a cry. . , 1 1 He looked down, and the moon, wading -r' V- - - ' through, drifts of blick, 'and throwing a fitful , ' ? light upon the scene of horror, showed hlm'a child just below him, clinging with both frail \- \ arms to the vessel's side, his poor, imploring , i / j.'.' little faco . looking up -but a hand's breadth ' ? a ' above the seething sea, ; , ...The child wastho son of the dead man lying \- / on the deok beyond. 1 ' ' Andrew Bruce recognised the boy at a glance,- and with a thrill of surprise. He thought he liad ; gone ;to' his doom long ago, V,5' r ? Seeing him thus, however, biff- first impulse t,: was to save him. ? He could 'save him', and , . give him a cbanca;fpr life. ' Ho actually . made a movement' toward j.'the; 'child, as ' another entreating cry reached his ears ; but v a sudden thought struck him, and be stood ,7 ( ; ? irresolute. ?' . ' 'It I save hlm,'hemay'.come between me, ?Jsl f j ;v ?? . ? and — and— what I hope for,' ha slowly mut \- .Wh'lla ha hjsitated thus, a' great wave dashed over. the. wreck and the child was ,'vj4' ?: 1 swept , away. , With a frantio leap, Bruce gained the open sea beyond tho wreck, and began to battle for his life. But bis very the pale .mgm-paja revealed it, was i,1 ' changed ; for in that swift moment' Andrew ?Bruc®«' a comparatively moral man, 4 '' beeama a murderer, - ; ; 1 j~f ' J Tho rublcon -of 'crime was passed; and i . , henceforth his course would leau downward. 5^ ,'5 ? The opportunity had been given him to make t ( ' his choice between right and wrong, and he «t had chosen the latter, i r.' ' A'cloudlessmorniog followed that night of ir''. death ^nd horror^. ;and' golden sunshinfi -,*' ' 'beamed down iipon'the suilen sea and tho '.'.drenched shores stfewn with debris of tha ,.v , wreck,(|irid tha ghastly fafies of thB'drowned. . '? 1 ' Swarms of people flocked . to the scene i '/,r/ ( from all quarters, some eager , for plunder, v -? others merely curtpu'sVto see, and a few in ' i,, . tentron good purposes.' . |0^iS^'Ci^C:^'Aw6ng 'the latter were two or three ^ ^ peasant women from the neighborhood ot St. ' 'Look, Clotildo l look !' crlerl one of them a(florid dame, speaking in her native tongue, j ? / 'there's a little; lad, no bigger, than. your i, -. l' Andre, all dead and drowned, poor little fTjSjvV ' Loti 'of them ' went down last night, . poor fallows. ;H?re, mate, lend a hand here, S ',-t will you? Let us take this chap over to tho \--n '' guard-house; he has got a qiieer look some how for a dead man.. I can tell a corpse by ? \ f ' the look, and tho feel, too., There's a spark it 'I _ o' llfesomowhera,hera,if Z'm not mucjimii The men carried the body off toward the :-r ' gnard-houie ; whllo the women weeping and 'iyJ-j'* . chattering by turns, tenderly lifted the -and hurried away in tho direction ot St. \- ,j It is a month later, andOlotilde has re iif'1 1 f~'*\ turned to ber own cottage in the valley of i ? ??? '? su'tTA't ' 5Cfie! summer Is wpll over. and fhe lime ' leaves sira growing yellow, and the vineyards » hang laden with puirplo clusters v'\ Olotilde is looking for . her huslianda'a re .V ' . , tarn. He has been.abroad for over a year ; : but his last letter which reaohed her months ago, told ber to expect him before the winter set im Accordingly, she has cut short, bor visit to hsr sister, near St. Malo, and has' re turned homo to mabe ready for her husband't sate t5-. , ? She sita in tho cottage porch . onia nuuu; afternoon, watching her two children as thoy play beneath the limes. She calls them both her .ortu, and loves them almost With atl equal fondness— her son Andrei and tho little storm-waif, the boy found on tho const on the morning after the wreck. Thoy restored him to life, she and Bachel,. nnd Olotllde has brought him home with Andro to her own cottnge. 'The dear llttlo fellow,' she thinks, watch- ttig .the two children as they follow their hoops. , 'Oh, I do hope that Andrew won't mind my keeping him when he cornea. I should so bate to part with himl' ; Even while theoe thoughts fill her mind the vine-leaves ruatle behind her. Sho looks np and utters , a ciy of joy. Her husband stands before her. 'Oh, Andrew, hate you come at last I'. She flies to clasp his ncck, but ho puts forth his hand and holds her oil. , 'Don't be a fool, Olotilde,' ho says,coolly. 'Ees, I'vo come, and I'm thoroughly used np. Bring me a glass of wine,' As she1 looks at him her eyes dilate with horrified wonder. ' What. ails you I What do you see that yon stare at me so 1' ho demanded with a brutal oath, 'She clasps her hands across [her loudly I throbbing heart. . V You have changed so,' she whispers, awe and terror inher voice. 'Oh, Andrew, what has come over you 1' A harsh laugh cscapes him, a laugh by no means pleasant to hear. Ob, i» great deal— more than I can tell you'now,' he answers. No wonder you find mo changed. The whole wo?ld has changed forme. Ton shall bear it all in good time. 'But let mo have the wine now.' ' She turns from him like 'one in a dream. 'What is the causo of his strnnga de meanor!' she soliloquises. 'What has changed him so tearfully 7' At this moment, the two children came tunning up, hand in hand, flushed and trosy from their play. Andrew Bruce turned round to greet his own son, and thus came face to face with the ion of his dead friend. , . He whitened with craven terror, and bis very knees shook under him aa if a spsotre had confronted him. ? 'Papa, papa,' cried Andre, running to his side, and catching his hand. But his father threw him off, without greeting or caress, and stood staring at the other child with distending oyeB and gasping lips. . ''iBawhim go down; I Baw the waves sweep him off ; and here he is he vacantly muttered. Olotilde returned with the wine ; he seized the glass and swallowed the contents at a draught ; 'That boy I how came he here?' he de manded then, pointing toward Richmond. . Poor Olotilde trembled. Her English hus band bad never been over tender to her, nnd now thero was something in his lace that filled her with terror. 'Andrew, pray do not be angry,' she began, clasping bis arm with two besecaUing hands. But ho threw her from him kith an I oath. ? ? | ' Answer me,' he replied, hiB surprise and terror giving place to wrath ; where did lyougettbat boy?' ' There was a vessel lost off St. Malo a month ago,' Clotildo faltered — 'And he was on her.;' he interrupted, an awful expression sweeping over his face. '.'He drifted aBhore. ' I might have known. And yau saved him, and bavo bim here. 'Curse yon, I'll have your life for it I' I ; He seized her by her abundant dark hair, and poor Olotilde, unable to comprehend the secret of his wild rage, fancied that her hus band had gone mad, and shrieked aloud for help. . He clutched her throat until [her face be came purple. ,n . 'Andrew! Andrew! for Heaven's sake do not murder mo I' she gasped. 'I will send the boy away — ' ! ' No I no I no I' he interposed, with ter rible vehemence. ' I'll murder him, I'll have hiB life 1 How dare ho come back to stand between me and my good luck 2' He threw Olotilde from him with a force that dashed ber to tho floor of the porch, aud rushed upon the affrighted child. ' Curse you !' be hissed between his sat teeth. 'You shall die I' The lad shivered with terror, as tho man's iron grip clutched him, but be looked up with clear, brave eyes. ' Why do you want to murder me, Andrew Bruce?' he asked, simply. You promised my father to take care of me, and take me to England.' ? ? ?„ — This simple question went to the guilty man's heart like a knife, and for ono minute he felt a pang of genuine remorse. ' Yes, I promised bim,' he gasped, in hoarse accents, 'and called God as my wit ness.' He staggered back a pace or two, andsank into a seat, covering his face with his hands. ' 'Tie not too late now,' he muttered, 'I might do it yet I' Clotilde.who by this time bad regained her feet, approached bim, and laid her hand on his arm. ' Come into the house, Andrew,' ohe en treated. 'You are not well; you'll feel better when you have rested.' Her voice recalled him to his senses, and nismomentnry irresolution vanished. Tho evil within him was growing ao strong, the good ao weak, ' I should have to give it all up,' ho mut tered. Sir Geoffrey Trevethon, baronet, with fifteen thousand' a year I Think of that I I won't give it up.' He leaped to his feet with a hoarse cry and rushed at the boy again. '?He shall not live to thwart my plans, 'he yelled. 'He sball die I' He struck the child a brutal blow full on the temple,' a sing an ugly wound,and felling him to the floor, where. ho lays bleeding and insensible, while Olotilde and Andre shrieked with terror. But Bruce soon Bllenced both with threats arid oaths. '. Tako him up and carry bim into tho kit chen,' he commanded. ' When.it grows dark I'll throw him into tho Loire.' * Olotilde obeyed without a word, Bhivering in every limb with mortal terror.' She laid the child down on the loungo, covered his ghastly blood-Btalned faco, arid then crouched down herself with her son at her knees, watching her maniac husband, as sho deemed him, with affrighted eyes, Bruce looked at her, and broke forth into amused laughter. ' You think mo mad 1' he asked, divining her thoughts. Well, I am mad— drunk with my own good luck, Olotilde I ' Thore's.nc need to tremble so ; the fit is off now ; it was the sight of that boy there that brought it on ; but he lies quiet enough. He won't arise between me and my good fortune again 1 Sit still, Olotilde ; I have my senses baok now ; I won't hurt you, my girl ; I'm awfully glad to see yon; and I have a wondrons story to tell you. But get Andre' snug in bed, and fetch out some cold meat and a bottlo of wine before 1, begin , that's a good lass 1' . . ,v;,; . Clotildle airoao to her feet, but her, limbs refused to support her. 'Bun away to bed, Andro,' sho whispered, clinging to the window-sill for support, ' Bun away, liko mother's good boy.' Her son, atill in terror of his father, crept c ;.it casting a wistful glance at the couch where his unconscious playfellow lay. Then the wife turned her ghastly face upon her. husband. „ , ' Andrew, for tho lore of Heaven, what is it 1 What has come over you ?' she faltered 'Are you mad!' ? . , He laughed again, that ugly, murderous !augb. ? 'I think I airi,' he answered, 'and so will you be when you hear what I havo tj cell. ' Fetch out toe meat and wine, Olo tilde ; my good luck hasn't impaired my ap petite!' But the child ? there ?' she . cried ; ' the ,poor little lad, he'll die it we.do nothing for ;ilim.' ,' ?? , '? Will ho? So inuoh the better.' The look in her husband's eyes turned her tick and faint. He used to be a handiomo nan, tender and gallant, when his hot tern ;ur was tinder control, and she loved him to adoration; but now she recoiled from bim in shuddering ffiar. ' ' So much the bettor,' ho repeated. ' Aa soon as it grows a littlo darker I shall throw him into the Loire.' . t 'But you will be a murderer,' sho shrieked out, ' and they'll hang you.' 'I shan't give them tho chance,' he an swered, coolly. ?' I'll throw the boy into the Loire to-night, arid before tho day breaks wo shall be on our way to England. Sit down, Olotilde, and hear my story ; there's no time to lose.' The woman dropped into a scat from sheer esbaustlon. 'I am not ovor fond of such jobs,' her husband continued, as ho uncorked his wine '? but once in a while the end justifies the deed. You should not bnve Bavcd the boy from the wreck. Never meddle with what does not concern you. Olotilde, how would you liko for your son to be a baronet — a baronet of England, with an income of lfteen thousand pounds per annum ?' 'Andrew)' ' Don't call ma Andrew, please,' he con tinued, coolly. ' I have changed my name as well as my fortune. Henceforth I am Geoffrey Trevethon; the late Sir Geoffrey's only son and heir, and to-morrow I go to England to claim my title and estates I Fact, Olotilde, upon my soul— and that boy yonder, whoao life you have been ao anxious to save, that boy would come between me. and between Andre after me, and all this good fortune. Just think of that!' ? She looked ot him with wide, wild eyeB. 'Andrew, Andrew, you are mad,' she I gasped. 'How could all this be ?' '?No matter; it will be, and that suf SceB.' 'Sir Geoffrey Trevethon I What right bavo wK to his title and estates? I have bjara you say that he never married your mother. You are only an — ' ? Utter it at your peril,' he cried, spring, ing aoroge the room and seizing bor by the throat. ' If you ever allude to that again you aro fc -Sead weeaan I Sir Geoffrey Treve thon did Kit marry my mother. Bhe was a poor actress, ana ne nn Kn^dsn baronet. JXo matter; hiB title and his wealth shall' be mlno all the Barae. Woman, beware how you — ' . 'Hist,' gasped Olotilde, wmc one is com ing 1' Ho released her, and regained hla seat just 8B a peasant woman came in. ' Why, what ails thee Olotilde !' she cried, shrilly ; ' wearing the face of a ghost, and thy good man but just returned ?' 'The poor girl is . ill,' answered Andrew, quickly, giving his wife a swift, warning glance. ' I found her in bed when I came home ; and the lad there is sick, too,' he con tinued, pointing to the loungo. ' What, Andre sick ?' asked the womBn. 'No, no; the other lad; he's a weakly child, and I'm sorry Olotilde pioked him up ; but she's lonth to part with him ; bo we must takehim with us on our journey, I sup. pose.' . Olotilde glanced at her husband in amazed awe. Not a muscle of her serene, smiling face moved. 'What journey? You are not leaving here?' questioned tho neighbor. ' That's it,' responded Andrew, pleasantly. ' Wo start for England in tho morning. My business calls me, and Olotilde is too delicate to be left behind.' . The night came on, and after some little chat, and many regretful adieus, tbo woman took ber departure. Andrew accompanied her to the door, lockeil it after ber, and pocketed the key. Ho lifted the handker chief from the child's face as he crossed the ?worn. It wns ghastly white, and to all ap pearances lifeless. -. ' He is nil right this time,' he muttered, with fiendish content ; then he turned to his wifo. ' Olotilde, get your cruolfix,' ho coo-' manded. Tremblingly Bhe produced the crucifla, arid while he held a pistol to her brow, bQ forced ber to swear that sho would never bo. tray him. ' Kemember,' ho added, ' I am your hus band no longer ; neither is Andre your uon, lam Geoffrey Trevethon ; myBon is called Richmond, and you are bis nurse and com panion, Swear also to this 1' She looted up into hiB merciless face with imploring eyes. 'Oh, Andrew, I cannot swear to thlB. Would you cast me off forever ? Think ot the past, and how we havo loved each other.' 'Old things have passed away, all things have become now. As to the love between ub, no need to meddle with that ; you can be my wife all the same, only the world must not know. I am. Sir Geoffrey Trevothon'a banished son and heir, and my wife died abroad. Do. you comprehend? Of course you do ; and if you are a good girl, Olotilde, and love me at all, you'll be willing to help me to bring thlB about.' . ' But I am not willing,' Bhe replied. ' It is all a wicked lie. Youv wifo did not dlo abroad ; and if Sir Geoffrey Trevethon was your father, you aro only an illegitimate son—' Crack ! went tho revolver ; the flash blind ing her, scorching ber very face, the bullet whistling within an inch of her head, Tha poor creature uttered a wild shriek. Her husband caught her by the shoulder, and ahook her till Bhe was breathless. ' Silence I' ho thundered. 'I missed yon this tine, but my aim will bo sure next. Woman, make your choice at once and abide by it. Will you do my bidding, and go with me and your child to-morrow, or will you die liko a dog, here at my feet ? As sure as there is a heaven above us, I mean to kill you, unless y.ou swear to aid mo in the work I havo in hand. Come, now, you can havo your oboica I I would sooner take you along, and I'll do well by you. What do you say? Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed 1' The kneeling woman, with tha orucifix agaiDst b6r quivering heart, glanced toward the. window. Tho night bad fallen dark and rainy, thero was no help within hearing of the lonoly cottage. She looked up at her husband's face which mocked her with fiend* iab cruelty. ' One I two—' 'Oh, Heaven pity rno^? Yea, I will swear.' . The pistol was lowered from her head. '.' That's a sensible girl now,' commented her husband. ' I'll take you along, and you shall share my good fortune ;and you'll lead a jolly life Olotilde. Even it I marry again, as no doubt, I shall, when I come into pos session of my title and estates, I will pro vide for you, handsomely ; and' I'll not for-, sako you either, for in spite of all this, I'm fond of you, Olotilde. And you will have tbo satisfaction, too, of seeing your son th« heir to a baronetcy ; for I shall make the lad aiv hoir and successor.' . : She loaned her head upon her clasped hands, and made no movement or answer. ; 'Well, now,** lie, went 'on. 'One thing more, and we aro done. You must swear never to leave mo. You ara to stick to me and my fortunes. Come— awoar.' ' Tho cold steel touched her throbbing head again. It 'was a hard oath to take— toatick to tbia man and his fortunes, to aid and abet him in his crime, and yet : not even be his wife. But she did not beaitato ; after that other oath, by whioh sho surrounded both wifehood and .motherhood, nothing could move her. ' Yea, I swear,' she answered, quietly. ; He returned tho pistol to his breast, and buttoned up lsls coat. Olotilde looked at him, as sho still knelt, wondering vaguely if he could be the man who wooed and won her girlish lovo? He had changed terribly in tho brief time since ho had surrendered his soul to the powor of sin. But his voice brought her to her feet. ' Oome, come— look alive. There ia no time to lose. You might pack up our best tilings, and have the boy all ready, and I will call upon Larcom, and instruct him as to what dis position to make of what wo leave behind us. But this job must be dono first.' (10 J IS CONTINUED.) ? , , ' The population of Japan is about -j0,000,* 000. 