JT THE WORLD WIS YOUROER. ' . A' TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDOk, Author of "Ishmael," "Dead Men's-Shoes,* "Lady Audley's Secret," " Wyllard's Weird," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," &c.;, &c.; . [Published by special arrangement with '-the author. All rights reserved.] Ciiapter II. ^(Continued.) " Nay, love, 'tis in Paris I am an insignifi cant alien, though they are ever so kind audi flattering to me. At St. Germain I was only Madame do Montrond's granddaughter—the wife of a somewhat morose gentleman who was cleverer at winning battles than at gaining hearts. At Whitehall I shall be Lady Fare ham and shall enjoy my full consequence as the wife of an English nobleman of ancient lineage and fine estate, for I am happy to tell you his lordship's property suffered• less than most; •neople's in the rebellion and anything his latfeef lost when he fought for the good cause Will be gifen 'back to the son now the good cause is triumphant, with additions, perhaps —an earl's coronet instead of a baron's beggarly pearls. I should like Papiilon to be Lady Henrietta." , , "And you will send for your children, doubtless, when you are sure aU is safe in Eng land ?' said Angela, contemplating the portrait. " This is Papiilon, I know. What a sweet, kind, mischievous face." ,. •» "Mischievous as a Barbary ape—kind and' sweet as the west wind," said Sir John. " "And your boy ?' asked Angela, reelasping: the bracelet on the fair, round arm, having" looked her fill at the mutinous eyes, the brown crisply curling hair, dainty-pointed chin, and dimpled cheeks. "Have you his picture, too " Not his; but I wear • his father s likeness somewhere betwixt buckram and. Flanders lace," answered Hyacinth gaily, pulling a. locket from amidst the splendor of her cordage. " I call it next my heart; but there is a Stout fortification of whalebone between heart and picture. You have gloated enough on the daughter's impertinent visage, look now at the father, whom she resembles in little, as a kitten resembles a tiger." She banded her sister an oval lockeft , bordered with diamonds and held by a slender.' Indian chain ; and Angela saw the face of the' brother-in-law whose kindness and hospitality had been so freely promised to her. She explored the countenance long and earnestly. "Well, do you think I chose, him for hia beauty?' asked Hyacinth. "You have de voured every lineament with that serious gaze1 of yours,: as if .you were, trying to read the spirit behind that inask of fiesb. Do you think him handsome ?" Angela faltered; but was unskilled in flattery and could not reply with a compli ment. ■ " No, sister;; surely none have ever called this countenance handsome ; but it is a face to set one thinking." "Ay, child, and he who owns the face is Zr man to set one thinking. He has made me think many .a .time when I would have travelled a day's journey to escape the thoughts he forced upon me.- He was not made to bask in the sunshine of life. He/is . a stormy petrel. It was for his ugliness I chose . him. Those dark stern features, that im-.. perious mouth, and a brow like; the Olympian Jove. He scared me into loving him. I sheltered myself upon his breast from the thunder of his brow, the lightning of his eye." "He has "a look of his cousin Wentwortb," said Sir John. " I never see him but I think of that murdered man—my father's friend and mine—whom I have never ceased to mourn."_ ." Yet their kin is of the most distant," said Hyacinth. . " It is strange that there should be any likeness." ' "Faces appear and reappear in .families,, answered her father. "You may observe that curiously recurring likeness in any picture gallery, if the family portraits cover a century or two. Louis has little in common with his grandfather; but two hurdred years hence there may be a prince of the royal house whose every feature shall recall Henryt the Great." The portrait was returned to its hiding-place under perfumed lace and cobweb lawn, and the ; reverend mother entered the parlor ready foe conversation and eager to hear the history of the last six weeks, of the collapse of that military despotism, which had convulsed England and dominated Europe, and which was mblting into thin air as ghosts dissolve at cock-crow. Of the secret negotiations between Monk and Grenville, now known to every body, of the ' Icing's gracious amnesty and. promise of universal pardon save for. some score or so of conspicuous villains whose hands were dyed with the royal martyr's blood. She was full of questioning, and above all : eager to knt>w whether it was true that King Charles was at heart as staunch a Papist as his. brother the Duke of York was believed to be, though even the duke lacked the courage to bear witness to the true faith Two lay sisters brought in a repast of cakes and syrups and light wines, such delicate and dainty food as the pious ladies of the convent were especially skilled in preparing and which they deemed all-sufficient for the entertain ment of company; even whenone of their guests was a rugged soldier like Sir John Kirkland. "When the light collation had been tasted and • praised the coach came to the door again and swallowed up the beautiful lady and the red Cavalier, who vanished from Angela's sight in a cloud of dust waving hands from the coach window. 