"LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE" The production by the Ballarat Amateur Opera Company of “Planquette’s popular opera, “Les Cloches de Comoville, at the Academy of Music, promises to be one that will reflect the highest credit upon all who hnye taken a part in the performance. The proceeds are l to be given to the Ballarat Hospital, and it is hoped that the funds of tho institution will be considerably benefited. The cast includes several favorite and talented vocalists, who have for some time past been unremitting iu their studies of the parts allotted them. The plot of tho opera is a quaint and in teresting one. The Comte de Lucenay, at tainted for political reasons, flies from France, leaving his infant daughter, Lncienne, and con siderable personal property, in the care of a retainer, Gaspard. This wily Norman, how ever, foreseeing that the Comte may nevor re turn to claim his own (which, indeed, happens), brings up the child as his niece, nnder the name of Germaine, and gratifies his insatiable greed for money by boarding tho Comte’s treasure. Tho grandson of this Marquis de Cornevillo is, however, alive, and the interdict on tho estates having been re moved by the King, the village gossips beliove that one day the long oxppcted heir will re turn. Meanwhile tho castle has an evil notoriety. It is haunted; mailed spectres stride along its corridors, and gostly phantoms flit across its lighted windows at night. But in truth, these are devices of tho cunning Gaspard to frighten away all intending tenants of the old Chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girls are on their way to the hiring fair. Amongst those is Serpoletto, a waif picked up by Gaspard in one of his field*, and grown now into his sorvant of all work. She has thrown np his protection, however, and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually join* the band, also flying from Gaspard’s house —but from a very different motive. The old miser has promised her hand to a village baili-, a pompons, meddling old fellow, with a strong desire to open the Chateau and audit the Barony accounts. Germaine has betrothed berself to a ne’er-do-weel nf the locality, a youngfi- herman named Grenicbeux, who, as she snpposes, saved her from drowu inc; hut, in fact, her deliverer was leally the long-lost heir—the young Ilonri de Cornaville —now captain of au armod ship, with a roving commission, who a year before had put ashoro at Honflenr to revisit the liou*o of hi* father*. At the opening of tho drama he again return*, and this time he resolves to take possession of his ancestral castle. Tho hiring fair, where ho eneage* servant* —amongst others Germaine, Serpoiette, and Grenicbeux (now turning coachman) —concludes tho first part of the story. The scene changes to the haunted halls of the chateau. The young lord, with his officers and crew, torch ,'and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms, and lay their plans to surprise tho adventurers, whom they sup pose to be really tho ghost* of the village tradition. Tho Marquis finds tint the girl ire rescued from the sea is the Germaine win has captivated him, but believes herself bound in honor to Grenicbeux. Secondly, he discovers certain documents (left, by old Gaspard) re ferring to the flight of Comte de Lucenay and placing of his infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Serpol-tto immedia tely rushes to the concln*ion that she i* the noble child in question, and thence forth gives herself all the imaginary airs of her rank. The arrival of someone is an nounced hy the scouts, Grenicbeux is put into a suit of mail to watch tho intruder nns*en, and the Marqui* and hi* crew retire to the armory. Tho old miser appear*, works hi* phantoms, lights the candelabra, wallows in his gold, and then comes a swift and awful vengeance. The rusty bells toll, a ghostly chaunt is heard: then a legion of mailed spectre*—all the dead and buried Lords ol Cor neviile—appear, and advance on the appalled miser, who sinks wandering and terror stricken on his gold. The last act is devoted to tho unravelling of the mystery attached to Germain o . Over the betroihal of tho Maiquis and Germaine come —this time gladly—the chimes of “ Las Cloches de Corneville.” 