THE NOVELIST. False Evidence. BY E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, (Author of "A Monk of 'Cruta," "A Daughter of the Marlon!," &c.;) PROLOGUE —(Continued.) A cloudless summer morning, with the freshness of dawn still lingering in the air. A morning which seemed about to herald in one of Nature's perfect days, on which to be sad were a crime, and to have troubles absurd. Already the dreamy humming of bees was floating in the atmosphere, and the lark had given place to noisier, if less musi- cal, songsters. It was a glorious morning. Over the low, iron gate of an old-fashioned garden a girl was leaning, her head resting lightly upon her hand, gazing across the pleasant meadows to the dark woods be- yond, with a soft, far-away look in her grey eyes—for she was thinking of her lover. She was dressed in a blue print gown, which hung in simple folds around her straight, slim figure, and she had carelessly passed the long stalk of a full-blown red rose within her waistband. It was a very pleasant view that she was admiring; but any casu- al spectator would have declared tnat she was the most charming object in it. And there was a spectator, although not a casual one. Suddenly, like a ghost, the figure of her dreams stood before her. Pale, haggard, and dishevelled- looking, he seemed to have risen out of the very ground; and it was very little to be wondered at that, at first, she shrunk back alarmed. "Herbert! Herbert! can it really be you?" He never answered her; but, as the first surprise began to fade away, she moved for- ward and would have thrown herself into his arms. But die stopped her. "Keep back, Marian," he cried, hoarsely; "keep away from me! I have come to bid you good-bye." A swift, sudden fear drove the color from her cheeks, and chilled her through and through; but she faltered out an answer. "Good-bye, Herbert! What do you mean? Oh. tell me what has happened, quick!" "The one thing worse than death, Marian —disgrace!" And then, with his face turned away, and his eyes resting wearily on the picturesque landscape,hie told her his story. * * * * * The last word had left his quivering lips, and he stood as though in a dream. The worst was over. He had told his father, and he had told her. It seemed like the end of all things to him. Suddenly a pair of white arms were thrown around his neck, and a great red rose was crushed to pieces against his waist- coat. "Herbert! oh, Herbert! how dreadful! Don't look like that, you frighten me!" He was striving to free himself, but she would not let him go. "Dearest, you do not understand! This is ruin to me. My father has turned me from the house, commanded me to bear another name, disowned me. Be brave, Marian, for we must part. I am here only to tell you this, and to bid you farewell." Still she would not let him go. "You will do nothing of the sort, sir. I'll not be thrown over in that fashion," she said, struggling to smile through her tears. "And Herbert, oh, Herbert! how ill you look! You've been out all night." He did not deny it, but again he strove to disengage himself. But she would have none of it. "Bertie, dearest," she spoke cheerfully, though her eyes were still swimming with tears, "you mustn't think that you're going to got rid of us in this way. You've just got to come in to breakfast with me, and after- wards we'll tell grannie all about it. Come along, sir, I insist." He braced himself up for resistance, but ho had still to learn that against a woman's love a man's will can prevail nothing. At first he was firm, then wavering, and finally he was led in triumph across the smooth lawn and along the winding path to the French windows of the morning-room. But when he found himself face to face with the kind old lady who had loved him as her own son, and saw the tears trickle down her withered, apple-red cheeks as she listened to the tale which Marian poured out, he felt that he had passed the limits of self-endu- rance. For more than twenty-four hours he had neither eaten nor drunk, and he was sick at heart. Gradually Marian felt the arm, which she had drawn tightly through hers, grow heavier and heavier until at last as she finished her tale with a little tremul- ous burst of indignation, he sank back in the arm-chair and slowly fainted. But through the mist which closed in upon him he saw nothing but kindly pitying faces bending over him, and heard Grannie's gen- tle whisper: "I believe you, Herbert," and more empha- tic but none the less earnest were her words, whose sweet, tear-stained face, so close to his, was the last he saw when unconscious- ness was closing in upon him. "So do I, Bertie. I hate Rupert," and sweet- er than the most heart-stirring music were the faltering words she added: "And I love you better than ever. Oh, Grannie, Grannie, he has fainted." 