A" BOOK OF THE WEEK. FROUDE'S "COUNCIL OF TRENT." (BY A.G.) Tho title of Mr. Froude's volume Is misleading. As a history of tho Council of Trent, bis lectures are inadequate; as a description of the period be fore the Council, and of the events which led up to it, they are full of vigor, full of interest, and satisfying except to those who prefer myths to his- tory. The Council itself has bee defined as the watershed between Popery and Protestantism; but that definition is neither true nor happy, for it was a consequence, not a cause, of the divisions which came in with tho Reformation. So far had those divisions gone before tho Council was in working order, that its definitions were of little consequence In the great movement of affalra; and the causes of the Reformation cannot he under stood by merely reading what was defined at Trent. "The Reformation," as Mr. Froude says justly, "is the hinge on which all modern history turns." About the fact everybody must agree; about the effects of the Reformation men still differ, with an acrimony which Is equally blinding and absurd. About the causes of it there is less room for difference, though the only Impartial Judges are those, probably, who are absolutely in different to the controversies 'on either side. It is a mistake, as Mr. Froude points out, to consider tho Reformation as originally or principally a re volution or a change in doctrine. "Tho original Reformatlon was a revolt of the laity against the clergy, a revolt against a complicated and ail- embracing practical tyranny — the most intoler able that the world has ever seen." Such are Mr Froude's words. They are strong, no doubt, but hardly stronger than tho facts require. Tho clergy had enormous power, enormous privileges, enormous wealth, and for some ages they had mis used them all. They squandered the wealth upon themselves in ways 'that are not edifying to read about, and that must have been still more dis- edlfying to witness. They abused their privi leges, especially their great privilege of immunity from the civil magistrate, to evade tho conse quences of their impropriety and crime. They used their power, through the machinery of 'the Bishops' Courts and other inquisitorial methods, through their monopoly of marriage, probate, and divorce, to pillage and oppress the laity. They had managed to secure themselves from tho lay tribunals, and to submit the laity to the jurisdic tion of their own. In addition, simony was noto rious and undisguised; pluralities and non-resi dence were common; the religious houses were in many cases attenuated in numbers and relaxed in discipline; hogging friars and ignorant mass- prlc-sts wandered at largo, defying the bishops, damaging the influence aud the incomes of the parochial clergy. These irregular practitioners were supported by dispensations from Rome, which were granted freely, except in their price, for the evasion of almost every duty aud obliga tion. Above all, the city and the see of Rome were scandalous and arrogant. Tho cardinals added benefice to henofico to maintain their state. Wolsey, for instance, hold the rich abbey of Saint Aibans, tho Archbishopric of York, the Bishoprics of Winchester and Durham. Saint Albans alone was worth, probably, £20,000 a year in current value; and until the last year of his life, when he was banished into Yorkshire, he had never visited officially a single one of his preferments. At any rate, he lived and worked In England; but Cardinal Carapagglo, who was Bishop of Salisbury, was never in the country except when he came on tho business of Henry's divorce. The Roman Pontiffs had encroached upon the episcopal and the secular authority. For about a hundred years before the Reformation the Popes had sunk into Italian princes. They only remembered tbeir boly office as a source of revenue, and devoted all tbeir ener gies to founding and providing for their families, or to increasing the area of the Papal States. The succession to Saint Peter's chair was sometimes bought, sometimes conquered. Tho best of tho Renaissance Popes were elegant scholars, patrons of art and learning; tho worst rivalled, or even surpassed, the heroes of Suetonius and the Augustan history. Julius II. was a warrior pure and simple, a too literal representative of tho Church militant. The impurities of Sixtus IV. and Alexander VI. had startled and almost scandalised 'the whole of Europe. John XXIII. had only been accused of "murder, piracy, bigamy," and other crimes. In all but piracy Alexander and Sixtus had imitated, and even excelled, . their predecessor. Nothing like them had been seen since the days of Nero, and some of their domestic experiences were untried, untbought of, even by that Infamous im- perator. These men had been followed by Leo X., who ascended his throno with the words, "Since God hao given us the Papacy, let us enjoy it." If the saying be not true, he certainly acted up to it until he was startled out of his enjoyment. The Court of Rome was never more magnificent, the Church never appeared more secure, than In the golden reign of Leo. But the difference between the preaching and the practice of tho clergy had grown too flagrant. Their claims and their lives were seen to be incompatible. Their yoke was no longer to bo borne. The ignorance of many, the arrogance of others, tho tyranny of tho whole system, was intolerable to the laity. The satires of Erasmus had roused public opinion, and goaded tho clergy into madness. Their intemperate answers had, as is usual, advertised their own dis comfiture and the opinions of their assailant. Upon materials thus inflammable there came, like a falling spark, tho sale of the Indulgences; Luther flung down his defiance to the Papacy: and the whole religious world was in a blaze. It is thus that Mr. Froude accounts for the im mediate spread of the Reformation, and justifies his assertion that it was not originally caused by a desire for new doctrines. New doctrines, he says, spread slowly; "Mahomet made but one con- vert in fifteen years, and that one was his wife." Within two years, "Germany, France, and Italy were ringing with Luther's name, and his writings were circulating In tens of thousands of copies through every corner of Europe." This can only be accounted for, he asserts, by the corruption of the Church. For tho details of this corruption he goes not to Protestant, but to Catholic authorities. "If all tho Protestant divines, even Luther him self, were converted and reconciled to the Church, the situation would not be affected." So Cardinal Contarini told tho Pope. His meaning is shown in a report drawn up by ecclesiastics, and pre sented to Paul III. The report was debated in consistory, but not adopted. Tho facts were not denied, but were thought past mending. Their reformation was thought too dangerous a confession of guilt, an open triumph to tho Lutherans. A copy, however, was obtained, sent to Germany, printed, and read by everyone with shouts of scorn. Tho report as serted that Church benefices and dignities were ill-bestowed, with no care of fitness for office. Paul III. himself had made cardinals of his two grandsons, aged 14 and 16. Julius III., his suc cessor, elevated a boy, tho keeper of his monkeys; and tho malicious world began to talk of Jupiter and Ganymede. "Church revenues were misem ployed. Simony and pluralism were everywhere. Cardinals absorbed the bishopries, keeping seo on see. Bishops and clergy generally had ceased to reside, and their flocks were neglected. Exemp tions from duty were sold for money. Monas teries were disordered. . . Simony had grown to such a height that people had ceased to ho ashamed of it. Re ligion was made contemptible, especially tho Sacraments. Indulgences, which Leo had de fended, the commission considered mischievous; demoralising. They found that among all tho Churches, tho Church of Rome, which ought to bo an example to tho rest, was tho loosest and most slovenly. . . And so on, and so on, with an accumulating list of iniquities." "Slo venly" is perhaps too mild a term to describe tho condition to which tho ages of faith and of clerical immunities had brought the Roman Church. The Diet of tho Holy Roman Em pire, too, composed an address to tho Pope, tho "Centum Gravamina," or Hundred Grievances of Germany. It agreed remarkably with the report of tho Roman Cardinals. In England, the com plaints of tho laity are to be found in tho "Act of Accusation" against tho clergy, presented by the House of Commons in 1529. The state ot the re ligious orders is proved by the report of Cardinal Morton, which was drawn up before the Reforma tion, but not acted on. Apart from any question of morality, the swollen revenues and tho dwin dling numbers of tho monks are enough to justify ihe interference of the State. Glastonbury, for in- »"Lectures on tho Council of Trent." delivered of Oxford, I.X32-:!. by James Anthony Froude. late Regius Professor of Modern History: Longmans, Green, and Co., London, 1235. stance, enjoyed a revenue amounting in current value to £30,000 a year, but contained little over twenty monks. Bury Saint Edmunds and Saint Aibans had Incomes of about £20,000 a year, but only from twelve to sixteen inmates. These were among the greatest houses, and tho most fashion able shrines. It is difficult to see why a dozen clergymen should require f20,000 a year to prac tise poverty, unless it were that their other vows had come to be practised oven less. No doubt there were honorable excep tions, both among individuals and communi ties, hut this is the general conclusion to which wo aro forced by tho evidence of not unfriendly visitations. By tho reign of Henry VIII. tho re venues ot the Church were more than double tho revenues of tho State. The larger proportion of them belonged to tho religious orders; and, put-, ting aside the question of how those revenues were spent, they had clearly outgrown their original use and purpose. Such was tho condition of the Papacy and of the whole Latin Patriarchate in tho sixteenth century. Tho necessity of a reform was acknowledged by all reasonable men; but in theology, as in politics, reason does not always prevail. When vested interests have to bo touched, their defenders are seldom willing to go far enough, their assailants aro forced usually to go too far; tempers and controversies aro lot loose, and other methods than reason have to settle tha dispute. So it was at the beginning of tho Re formation. Both sides spoke only of a reform iff discipline; both appealed to a council, to which both sides were willing to submit all questions of doctrine. But to assemble a council was not so easy as it seemed. The Roman court was tho great offender. Could the Pope, therefore, be trusted as tho supreme judge In his own case? Not only tho reformers, but the bishops, distrusted tha Pops, whoso dispensations, they assorted, under mined tbeir authority, and wero tho cause of most of the abuses. Besides, in what capacity, did they attend the council? Was their authority direct from Christ, or was it derived through tha Pope? Tho Pope himself, with the dread of Basle and Constance before his eyes, was not eager .ta have any council. Tho Reformers, too remember ing Constance, and tho breach of faith with Huss, were not very comfortable about their attendance. Where, abovo all, should ; tho council be held? Tho Germans wanted It somewhere in the Empire; the Pope, somewhere in his own territories. Both, for reasons which are equally obvious, and equally mistrustful of tho Divine assistance. Such were some of the difficulties which hindered tho assembling of a council. They were dealt with honestly, resolutely, fairly, by Charles V.; but it was a work of time to remove them; tempers had grown high, and tho council was held too late to settle anything. It assembled finally at Trent, in 1515, 2S years after Luther's defiance of the Pope. Tho council was adjourned many times, re moved once to Bologna, and wa3 not concluded be fore 1553. In all Church history, nothing is mora strange than the difference between councils in: theory and practice; between the conventional accounts of them in manuals or text-books and such real accounts of them as we have in contem porary documents. In theory, they consist of blameless fathers, listening obediently to tho Holy Ghost. Such accounts are drawn without shadows; and, therefore, as we must argue, with out light. The genuino accounts are so very dif ferent that it is often difficult to see where tho Holy Ghost comes in at all. One bishop at Trent said he only came from Rome in tho courier's bag. With the final session of the council we have nothing to do, as Mr. Froude's volume does not extend so far; and this is no place to enlarge ors matters of belief or dogma. The effects of tho council' are a legitimate matter for discussion. Its effect on the Reformers was to accentuate, and not to heal, religious differences. Its effect on the Roman Church was to make it harder, nar rower, more centralised. Most of tho Papal abuses wero removed, but the Papal authority was in creased, and became more absolute. Mr. Froude says of tho sixteenth century: — "The supremacy of tho Pope was then no article of tho Catholic Faith." That is, perhaps, too much to say. Though, as it took Sir Thomas More seven years to find convincing reasons for the Papal claims, less acute reasoners may be excused for not finding them at ail. It was only at Trent, however, that the Papal authority emerg ed unchallenged and supreme; and the definitions of Trent led quite logically to the definitions of tho Vatican. Tho faith "once delivered to tho Saints ' has developed so much in the process, that some ot them might hardly recognise it; or perhaps Saint Jude knew as little about the faith as he evi dently did about the book of Enoch. Indeed, that spirit was coming Into the world, and those facts were being discovered, which aro destined to undermine the position of both Ro manists and Reformers, to make their differences of no practical account. As Mr. Froude has put it, in one of the finest passages in his history, "A change was coming upon tho world tho meaning and direction of which even still Is hidden from us, a change from era to era. The paths trodden by the footsteps of ages were broken up; old things wero passing away, and the faith and the life of the centuries were dissolving like a dream. Chi valry was dying; the abbey and the castle were soon together to crumble Into ruins; and all tho forms, desires, beliefs, convictions of tho old world were passing away, never to return. A new, continent had risen up beyond the western sea. The floor of heaven, inlaid with stars, had sunk: back into an infinite abyss of immeasurable space; and tho firm earth itself, unfixed from its founda tions, was seen to be but a small atom In tho awful vastness of tho universe. In tho fabric of habit which they had so laboriously built for themselves, mankind were to remain no longer.'' Some of them indeed remain, in spite of Mr, Froude, in spite of facts, which are not always so evidently on the side of Mr. Froude. But in the sixteenth century a large part of mankind came to see that an infallible Church, composed of fall lible members, was Impossible and absurd. Since then, astronomy and geology have added new diffi culties to our belief, not in God, but in tho old conceptions of Him. In our own times Darwin has removed us still further from tho conceptions of our ancestors, as well as from our old beliefs about their probable form and nature. Indeed, the requisite rancour of theo logical disputes may lessen, tho Churches may even be reconciled and re-united when we have nothing left to fight about. In the meantime it might be remembered that tho first and only condition for finding the truth is to have no single prejudice nor preconceived opinion; that the truth Is not made for violent and angry men; that personalities cannot alter facts nor destroy sound arguments, though they may sometimes ob scure them; but all such methods only recoil at last upon their authors. Besides, they aro always unnecessary, and epithets are weapons with ni double edge. As a French writer says of a certain journalist: "He calls me Jacobin, revolutionary, plagiarist, thief, poisoner, falsifier, pestiferous, angry, impostor, calumniator, libeller, Infamous, grimacer, scavenger. That is all, if my memory does not fail me. I see what he wants to say. He only means that he and I have different: opinions, and perhaps he deceives himself event about that." As 'the hero says in tho Iliad: "Not even I wish to oppose myself to the Immortal Gods;" and, after all, God is not a monopoly of the Roman Church, though in her unreformed days she went very near to setting Him up for traffic. \ For tho following newsy extracts from tho New! York "Dramatic Mirror," we have to thank Mr. E. Newton Daly, tho Australian representative of tho paper: — "John Hare, Julia Neilson, Fred. Terry, and the Carrick Company, from London, opened at Cincinnati, on March 30, In 'A Pair of Spectacles,' preceded by W. S. Gilbert's 'Co medy and Tragedy.' Charles Froliman and Al. Hayman have made an offer to Chevalier, tho coster singer, of 40,000 dollars for a 40 weeks' son- son, which offer has been refused, as the average takings of this artist in London aro considerably over £150 per week. Henry Irving's 21 perfor mances in Chicago averaged 2500 dollars each. Reference is made to Signora Majcronl as having in her palmy days made a very successful tour of America as the Countess Eicka in 'Diplo macy,' when Frederick Warde, Maurico Barry- more, and John Drew toured together in tho play. Owing to the death of a near relative, Walter Howe lias been called to England, but is due to return to America in August, when he will re sume his part of Gerald Austin iu 'The Fatal Card.' E. J. Lonnen lias been engaged for a part in 'Tho New Barmaid,' at tho London Avenue. Harry Jewett will lead a Shakcsporian Company for a six weeks' engagement in Kansas city, his principal support being William F. Owen. Aus tin iirereton lias an admirably written article on Bernhardt and Duso in a recent number of tho 'Illustrated American.' " 