MINING NOTES. The managers report All Nations, Matlock, June 11 - Crosscut ox (ended lift for week total 28ft During first part of neck but a leader 6in thick, highly mineralised, underlying; easterly winds then country passed through is sandstone with miner ous bands of quartz running through it Crushed stuff from small lode In winze for 19oz 4dwt AiuilUilinulcil Scotchman's, Stawell June 20 - to 1 IAC Unie laid down road, and Mill start to break out stone to morrow No I levelling started breaking stone north of crosscut from roof of drive reef from 6ft to 6ft thick Obtained a fair prospect of gold from drillings Cleaned up men plant 50 tons for 5oz other Reading ill, 23 tons for Jar-- Bill t , stope over No 153 tons for four laden Earl and party breaking stone from northern end reef 40ft to lift allow me cold Varcoe the party had started to drive south from bottom of things 1 southern and party breaking stone under foot in No -4, about 50 tons at mill Anaconda Mount Mills June li Contractors for race has completed 117 chains and have nearly all necessary timber cut Five loads of mu tilbury delivered at battery site and contractors for erection of battery has made good progress Work In connection with trim and opening up mine is being pushed ahead and will! be completed not Band and Albion Ballarat June 20 -1100 crosscut west extended 4ft in clear country, third shift 1 West crosscut lift extended 25ft a total 100ft, without change 1 500ft Level North - Crosscutting Heir free labour chatter llirinilK>i,tc Chiltern June 2( lerner level driven 24ft In soft sandstone West drive in wash drVim 62ft in fair quantity of mash per or timber drive extended 12ft In train sandstone They have about 200ft to dine 1 list drive opened out dray on left in nice looking Hush and fair pros I eels of gold Not so issued din put through this n i ck on big to being short handed Gold for week, later. Gdiu Hurren Hercules Dundas June 17 -Making a truck to council rates C loading timber from up proaches to tunnels forming plate, and excavating and clearing sites for huts Contractors for tunnels are making a start to day (15th inst Baker s Creek Hillgrove. June 15 -Cleaned upon 13th Inst for -ITUor 2dwt from 5.1) tons of stone- of which 472 tons came from Smith a beef and M tons from the Hi j Reef Tributers lack of No I level on smith n Hoof crushed 30 tons for 50 or filling On "-mills a Reef No 3 level driven total 200ft Am expecting to cut Smith's reef in about life Tilt 125ft kiel at north extended 18ft south, total 300ft south from Neale s shaft North Iron junction of middle- reef it has been driven Pit, total 23ft Country unsettled and reef split up In stopes fine gold is showing hulk of No II and 14ft bills on Smith a Ittcf Itiuufntlcr of stopes show a little cold 11 It Quartz" Jericho June 10 - Intermediate Tel el north on course of lode extended 9ft for week total 22ft South stopes averaging loan of p ii abb stone Western lode drill on 10ft for a week total 30ft lode averaging 4ft wide of 1.001] results) are still maintaining health in the liner tunnel driven 6ft for neck, total 200ft Country slate and chain Amalgam from plates for neck door I) 11 He Braille Sluicing Jericho June 10 - IbUL had 11 good drop of rain, but not enough to strike hitherto used,- dam Now working in solid ground 1! 11 Star, Terkho June 10 Decided to drive tunnel to intersect lode Club wages men will have no men also breaking stone Berry Consols Creswick, June 30 -No 2 Shaftsbury Shaft from No \ Rise- South branch drive 40ft , nash scarcity and poor Two trees, cuts out It not be, one 40ft stopped being very li or ThE other 111 12ft In same (class of dirt Most came from No 2 rise drive them all through Koroit ish Branch reef drive west off south limited In (Vii in good driving ground No 2 Shaft-llloi king as usual No SIHscMoat South east crosscut off south-east prospecting,, drive in 27ft still in a heavy rush and parallel East and May Drives from No 1 111-»-North dist brunell by 12ft and 13ft respectively both in heavy wash about a table A hold-up 1, Oon. dut , No 2 Clara 12dwt Heir) Consols I extended, Crcsnhk, June 8th - South main reef drill fit in the nest chamber has been extended 54ft in better working reef, total distance from the chamber 30ft South branch reef drive off" the east reef drive has been extended 40ft , total distance from starting JOHn Put up No 4 bore and struck wish at 42ft our the back, laths, shop ing a 1 Isle of Oft in nott Got a little gold from wash that came down Bored up 4ft, and only got a similar stir mi of water there is no (change In facts in cash, They turning out usual amount of gold Pumps going 61 7ft strokes per minute Cold 'or week from 4 farm, 17oz Gill! I bendigo and Coolgardie, Bendigo him. SS - expert to Inn Tenders to little completed in about week's Him they will be enabled to start crushing for ourselves and public Iticf 111 No 2 still continues about! 2ft wide, with little gold showing Some good gold now being obtained in Imt nest of our No UH lease finds race! under this or) fast and our prove its Am of opal in limit our leapes lime considerably increased in mine in recent discoveries Now propose to sink prospecting shaft in order to pick up to a firm of stone 111) CJuarlr I extended, Jericho, June KI - Tunnel driven 12ft, total 66ft country passed through all t formation with tons of quartz um runs through showing little pyrites, fate in) wet Black Horse, Egerton, June 10 -1 20ft South dray in 1711 ; no change North drive on course of slide in 17ft , country slate Water easy I'mnpi going about half-time No 3 Level Rising and driving- stone nuable I expect to break through to No 2 level next week No 4 Leiel-lllslng and driving on fair and! atom No 5 six cyaniding M Fire and repairing old north drive Child Oior 1 shaft ' lb lulu o Consols tarnagulla June 18 - OOOtt level south In 49ft from crosscut Uonnium, Walhalla, June 20 -Crushed 45 tons Ibid Jan Stand No bl inlet sand treated Nine days' work over the head working Ilrmkitt No 1 South, Doon, June 20-head big stopes west of 11 lure Continue to get good by ink on rich at western end main surface lies part of steel held increasing Billimari United Ballarat June 4000ft I-No things in and of the fun still opening up further built Blom showing fair gold in si of all faces Crosscutting west from No 2 north drive north of 1 cross course in fruit lode st m will mineralised line is corns sin in of rain Indi taking some material Input to tunnel list and chain In 1 did of the No 4 li 1111,11 in No 2 line Ililselslln Duke librarian June 13-14 ist) XXI Hill I I bacilli I! Itt Sllipll TO His slllflS truck, he! Yesterday nails. I 11 In it is an illicit is 1 mph) Hutt shifts sink Us Co in up has been retarded through so ill 111 s f their sup-, li british queen Ullin ii, line 10 No flour South allies extends I Oil NL IS Hill Fire tx Undid 20ft in Him a e si m until 1 it shutting (tube No -but 11 J I is 1 n I-St 11 in Inns of Mrs S Hill ml without a lad 1,1 No 1 I eui-Slopltit, fourth and nulli In large bulli li! fish He ki 11 Hill him LILLIE I may 1 101! Man is it till 01 nut may I bom status of no use but in this In 1 in 1,1 use I,, in, nest in ISM at 1 1911! I Hill will lift II nil Shall -turn linen at the animal or for the LITTLE more fun ah ss 1 1 whole this I am Hill 1 nil In an. i mr and 11 fill II 1 in her rib states in first aid men sphmllillie s Ma at 11 sit in mi \\! Mr 17 Union, s Uli 11 I Mu. si I s (night 17th up I 1 1 IO It is ''what Bushell) ml li lurk in I will, alphabet 11 i did limit in silk hit me in this 1 It ent el s not to 01 I vol on Ulu" of It is do the Mark In the Miner re flute dlsioiillnind fu pn K a big Hun 1.1 I trust M him in und In melon if clean! little. jumps and treat with pital s March 1 11 portion t t ml m M ubi sil 11 1 under" lieDUilin, pure in, its NIGHT 1 kill Ibn! III Hill Illili II I am 1" 100ft I ml East to west gipsies men she ill) Dillon lift but it 1 yet still in! No. vehicle- N Till do It on the mild lull tail shaft, in t uni,! I latter has IN nth dirty in his 11 total filled Stoping tailboard of the -WM and JUJK Kiels as usual and mill Mipiilud filth necessary ore 107 trucks con minute; 100 tons of concentrates slimes and crude car being, despatched Smelt his Returns June 18 One tre lied-C iron ties 273 tons sulphides 219" tons |irotIuein_ 212 tons bullion containing II 7 for silver Broken Hill 1 to) report, June 17 -W Wilson's No 3 Level No 4 east crosscut total SOU , rise front south drive total 48ft M'Culloch s No 4 Level -W east crosscut total 64ft , east crosscut t I a 14ft Darling s No 21 Ici 1 North cast drive from No I east crosscut total Dlft , No 2 cost crosscut total 44ft West crosscut from south due total 20ft No 2 her labourer drive total flat , east (crosscut trim lease shaft total lift I ntterson 3 -No 5 I oil North drive total 50ft , south drive total 280ft No 4 Level West crosscut from south drive total Sit perth time total 13ft No 3 Level No 2 west crosscut total Trade and in connection ditto Steuart shaft No 4 east crosscut total 40ft No cast crosscut total 212ft , east crosscut from port toUr sOil Brot! ribbs No I Ici eldest crosscut total 78ft liinticson's -No 0 lciel-N'otlli drive total 50ft-, burnt arm torn SOft No 4 Unit- West cross cut from north time total 20, (t tion crosscut from north drive total 50ft No 3 Lois South east drive total raft Mel enson 9 -No 5 I level East crosscut total 30ft Wiggs No 5 Level Started east crosscut from No I mine and driven 4ft No 4 I mid-West i crosscut from south drive total 50ft No 2 I over North east drive total 77 ft \f'Dr)dcs-No ii Lciel-\orlh east drive total 288 , south east drive total 200ft , west crosscut from north-east drive total 67ft ; west cross-cut from south cent drive total 50ft, No 2 rise from No 2 east crosscut total Most South cost drive from No I east crosscut total 54ft , west crosscut from south east drive total air Press -No I Let in No 2 north rise total soft and to connection hill No 2 level M Gregors'-No 3 Level South east drive from No 4 cast crosscut total 13ft Bulgandra Lone Hand, NSW, June 18 -Shaft sunk 5ft, total 23ft Country very hard and more settled Ore continues same size, highly mineralised and prospects of oil samples of mine ral stone assayed by Mr Glover gave a return of her 16dwt 14gr per ton Bull Dog North, Bullumwaal June 16-Still bringing down stone from the Helen Burke tunnel, Drummond, June 19 Drive west across gutter Extended 1011, total trout rise 14ft last 12ft through cap of quartz reef which has made progress slow Wash beginning to come in again between pug and quartz Block in, Dundas June 20 -Mr M Curtin a director, has gone to mine to appoint a mine manager Burnt Creek Dunolly June 30 -Crosscutting off No 4 south drm Opened out north and south of same between Nos 2 and I south drives and have driven 24ft and 40ft respectively. Miss nash underfoot Held for it cost -to?. 17dwt Cathcart Ararat June 20 - Portable engine, pumps and machinery on tiny to mine Calling for tenders (for erection of oil necessary buildings Cahill's Howard, Stawell, June 20- Pumping engine invited winding frame fixed up Will got up engine in few days Poppet legs and brace coin placed Have started to build in boiler Cardigan Proprietary, Ballan!, June 20 Sunk shaft 6ft, total 69ft Catheritooil 25 Mile, W A June 0 Catherwood else - Drive across formation continued 14ft Reached a baron diorite South End Driven 3ft total from crosscut 23ft Beef continues to carry fine gold BrilliantFxtondcd Ltase-Shaftsunk22ft below pint Sunk for week 16ft total from true 72ft Ground continues good (for sinking Central Plateau, Sebastopol, June 20 -The north drive at the 300ft level advanced 14ft Water in creased in drive south drive advanced to 92ft on line of local 1 ace carr lug a number of leaders up to 12ft 6in thick showing a large quantity of mineral in which it little gold has been seen North drive at the 300ft level extended to 300ft lode from 3ft to 15ft still serving a good appearance South drive advanced to 135ft Stout about 3ft thick, in promising country Drive off rise advanced to 134ft Leaders up to Our well mineralised are making in face O'Leary's I Freehold, 1 large June 19-South main drive extended 6ft Lode 3ft well defined walls Bison in north main drive and expect to break through to No 2 level Monday 101 tons yielded 15oz 2dwt 12gr All stopes looking fairly well Butters kept steady! at work Chalk 9 No 3, Carisbrook Time 20-North east drive from main shaft extended 17ft North Reef Di ile-No 1 rise up the required height , now widening out to receive opening sets No chance In west prospecting drive on No 5 rise south drive on No 5 and 6 rises south opening up wash of (fair quality sold for week 10oz 15dwt Chalks No n Carisbrook June 19 Main reef drive advanced 42ft, total 2 600ft Drue turned into course to intersect Carisbrook lead Bored in east branch reef drive 4ft ahead of last stuff I went through at 40ft into rough wash came flag a little gold Homes for engine also first gear horse for puddling machines in position Horses for tank ready for hoisting a Christoph Reef, Bendigo June 10 South Tel el at 12ft driven 24ft, total 70ft Have 4ft further to drive to get past tributers' standard There is spur in this level about 4in in thickness which shows little gold It is not a fine stone that tributers working To get some stone that they are working mining manager thinks he will have to crosscut east about 15ft Croesus Proprietary, Kalgoorlie June 4 -Sunk want Sit on lode, consisting of iron quartz kaolin gossan pyrites and Mica Have dollied samples from all parts of winze Have not very good prospects from iron and quartz which runs from 7ft to 9ft 6in in width dipping slightly to west Dollied several samples of the kaolin and gossan, only on one or two occasions got colours "in of opinion will get better result that depth Stopped winzes and continued sinking; No 2 shaft II was sunk 20ft, total lOSt Intend sinking No 2 shift to 150ft level before driving for lode Confidence Tribute, Bendigo June 20 50ft level driven 6ft , total 144ft risen on west lack 3ft total 14ft , reef showing gold Winze at 400ft, level sunk 13ft total 42ft reef showing gold Crushed 61 loads for those. Idwt Comet Silt cr Dundas time 1" - Main cross cut 135ft level driven 14ft total 29ft still ill broken dolomite, with mail bags occurring No 2 level No 4 Winze sunk 7ft total ''lit showing a clean wild body of ore 7ft No 2 maize sunk off total 32ft This winze is going down on a vein of clean ore 18in wide and improving, the balance fairly good so coats Not winze sunk ("5ft, total 30ft , raining about 4in clean ore, with large quantity seconds Intermediate level This level for first risen on sloped at Stopes filled-in and level put in thorough repair Macs trie»-\fcirkln"' on nIn of ore about 18in wide Average offers, 45oz 10dwt 14gr silver (15) per cent lead June 10 (lit Tel graph) Going through broken dolomite little golden and red! ment Cot small pressure Assayed 5252 silver, 72 per cent lead Crown I tell! Gormanston, June 12 Cleaned up five of falling I Hin cut through lode formation 4ft Hematite iron is apparently cutting out the sulphide is making more solid all mer after V from appearance of face have no doubt entire lode will be solid sulphides In a few feet further June 19 (lit lett graph) -1 xli nded tunnel -ft 6in still in hematite iron and sulphides in lode forma- Horn Caromin, Coramba, June E Sunk shaft 16ft, total tuft 1 waters of stone treated by Dr Care returned 12dwt free gold and ladies from con entries per ton equal to 14oz per bulk ton Cockatoo Bit horth June 10 - Machines parsed Pumping t>' tried and expect it after all but in four days Curtin-Davis Proprietary Dundas June 17 - No 4 (I cleaned) Tunnel Winze sunk below is ill total 18ft lode keeps 12ft of oxidised ore but more country mixed with it than usual and assay for silver is very morn Have broken Hie tons of on No 2 (I started) luiinel-ltise up total 15ft above back of level 1 formation taken much disturbed but is carrying large proportion of iron pyrites with a little fish ore No 1 (Curtin Bills) Tunnels to south of crosscut driven on adrift total 20ft Lode 15in , composed of carbon ate of iron, ore and copper pyrites, and fair ore (ground had very early start and had for more ing I am tons of seconds from here assayed 14oz silver II r ton and 0 0 per cent copper Have driven East crosscut Mt , country same as last reported them from here to drill main tunnel south to con met with the drive on the left from the cross cut, driven 4ft 6in total 34ft Will have left more to drive to emmett Hill will save truck ing round two sharp bends at crosscut, and will also improve ventilation No 2 Tunnel Driven 5ft, total 15ft Lode widened, to Mu of car homes of Iron, quart-, copper pyrites, and fair one and looks strong footwall being regular and letting out a little water Ground improved being much better for working Lode in this drive is poor, the hulk assay being 10oz silver per ton So 3 luiinel-Drlien 4ft 6in, total 13ft 6in Inside the wide of Iron and copper pyrites, with a little fall ore Ground has slightly improved, though It is still very hard and bad for blasting No 4 luiinel-Drltcu 15ft total 33ft lode keeps In the veins, being 6in on hanging wall and from Ulli by 6in on footwall filth about list of country in centre of ditto We did not break lay down lode in this drive, owing to blasting of rock in great ating furore paddock near tunnel mouth, had not having sufficient room to stack ore out of nat of blasting Chico says taken as an average from loan this week gave Co Bitter, 10oz and 12oz silver, these samples were all from oxidised ore Pleased to report an improve ment in the Hound in Nos 2, 3 and 4 tunnels Curtin Unta Consols Dundas June 17 -visit and liked fit total 90ft A change of country came in on Wednesday, which looks very favour able Democrat, Glen Wills, June it-No 1 tunnel driven 18ft, total 48ft Country schist, with a hands of hard blue quartzite Boring not good but shoots well Surface work complete, it, and timber being stored for winter Deptford Proprietary, June 18 - Crosscut off north drive at No 2 level for Bill of reef total 165ft Nort li drive from bottom of underlay shaft total 47ft , reef from 3ft to 3ft Stone looks very much better last lift do It can Duke United, Timor, June reason for sinking shaft dollied, and preparing for fattening Hope to resume sinking on Monday Portion of machinery progressing Mtlsfictuillt Dunolly Allen of, Dunolly, June 10-inch thrilling drive extended colt total from rise 3ft Put up ft bore at end of drive , got wash with excellent prospects 21st our back laths Ex pict fish to fit in in a few feet Last Hulltmon TWIirnt June 10 -GG tons laid last uni strne well minindi1!<! driving and stoping an extra shift put on so I never returns are expected 1 Witt and fuel Harp of Erin Donnolly a Creek, Juno on -Driven from tin from No 1 tunnel 12ft total 92ft round Miller 1 uster n Stn I xli n li d Ballarat June 10-head ill It is that the Kltlllsllt (111 III line I iv not till mundi rWtt hail-stones yielding, over the first! stone but poorer quality Meld, HOW little is in 2 0 I am" I sister still I am li 11 Ballarat June 18 Stoping flour lime len I filth it i h II "i I who Iii f Will He him 1" - No 1 tunnel on li inlet! lit that I 2-ton rest 'ft wilt ship s at charged replied I after telling 1 rise up 1ft to stir lukin at l) p lil i f li Hill first p 1 later at the start again to be non \mnIi,Kiii from plates i lr sink a' Tgi rt n I cent n June 19 Main Client t-' (t - 1 HE at rs 1 re Ung stone on quorn To 11 "(ion - ( can eat dirt or south on western lode stone string also driving east In the country 1 rain forest pine 14 officers cutting cast In slit until sister in South floors -Drain" mash (run shift in the next tide 1 lift steele Inn 18 - UKI III South level up " It -open his country job He 11 hit miner ills is Dr ii Ing r it at me in a state she is int, at 11 New mill of stone In v nth ml spraying c. 14 In the said stone at! "him. in -his tributers In ii Ing M n iii ch" c. 11 ft iii Final I'lltkld him lil -at his utility in all It is mt s rt In a Ive a rush is in uni In Off East drive extended I 25ft , nice wash show lue i unit i UKI L H I went i Ib 1 held at the "6yds n in turn are at it 1 (Min but a tail "ill nil In mother Mrs writes I look li id r that of mi I Hill North Franklin, to fu Westing dissent at MINE In 1 Mitta unit til ii 4TH nest in and I sent thriving animal n I s uni slut Ni to various si 11 la fin interested with quite? an The i Will t Mu ii I like it a little lad He i I mr T H llnniril Mr L Blair, Jun certain I t Mt mine "It I but lift a reefing out loin tins 1 road through al Miss, V returnable western half di over 1 on stuff lee shore looks most promising and is ox will sail i t i t it being worked so she reshuffle in the mine to north showing free gold and I came) charged with dense pinks Should cut roof worked in shaft In mother -18ft Federal Slnntll June 10 No 4 bore 30ft total length SUfl , country broken schist and quarts- leaders First Chance Ballarat June 19 Surface works In forward state Inddoct for stone completed Four Brothers Glen Wills June li- runnel dril en 4ft total length 133ft no change Get ting stone from shift taken to battery Jancourt Barfold June 20 -Finished repairs to (IsOft cast anchor and started grubs, II rth line under Oft bean wash carrying fair pros peels of shot) gold Started to sink a well in east end of crosscut to drain water laid shall finish next week Gold for new 4oz 10dwt nations Creek M allulla June tunnel driven 12ft, total 60ft reef 3ft 6in carrying gold Surface works progressing battery to carnation started C Gladstone Beef M shall lulu; IS -Prospecting on north side of hill Golden Pyl a lion ligo lunn JJ -Bottom cross cut driven 'ft cast total still ground very hard sandstone Good deal water coming from fate Crosscut west driven "ft main 20ft ground hard sandstone Tributers crushed 50 loads for her ditto Golden Gate Ballarat June 10 No 4 Tribute Driving from new rise to connect with stopes, drives and stopes looking fairly well No 2 I note Stone making a little stronger North drive on Sulieman Hue stone making a little bigger showing mineral 1- the progress with south drive 100 tons bedded TSoz lSttnt Golden Zone Kalgoorlie June 6 No 1 Shaft 60ft level driven N M on lode lift the total 40ft loin Unie also carried stope to face of drive At same level driven S I on lode 9ft In both these drives reef averages about 21 ft No 3 Shaft At the 60ft Ici 1 walls well defined and 3ft 6in apart A vein of quartz now coming in the shaft from the north last which prospects fairly) well for fine gold Gunning-SO tom delivered at Leviathan battery C fishing, will commence this afternoon Golden Fleece M alitalia June 20 No 2 Tin tell-tale stopped north end for the present and am now busy) breaking stone from the leg reef The lode formation is left an 1 looks very well and Is laminated and highly charged with mineral carrying good gold Dun well pushed on with all speed Started to drive the main lower tunnel Golden Fiddle "trading June 10 -Timbered cutting and secured ftierhniigliig ground and got everything in order to make a start driving on reef Golden Giant II) drastic Snow) Creek June 1 > -Cleaned up paddock into dex ited yesterday finished a) big boxes back to face of a man and shifted giant nozzle Commence sluicing again to day Have better and coarser sand It of gold than last sluicing Col 1 shows well In head of boxes under ripples Mash now very hen) Mill nor get pro meets for few days (when I Idorado Carney's Creek Time 18 - Slopes showing nice body of quartz earning very fair amount of (gold Battery) working well He turns from plates -satisfactory Crushed for week 140 tons total 491 tons since clean up Contractor for lower tunnel start next week I Grand Duke Timor, lum J) No 7 bore still in her hand I said at a depth of 150ft Great Hern Creswick-road 20-No 8 bore through the bar) at 13ft thin drift 20ft In, travel or washdirt 4in Bottomed at "13ft din Total depth 12ft The Great Buninyong Estate June 20-Operations at quartz shaft progressing Timbered to 320ft of all well under control At alluvial shall 12ft added to depth total 15ft No extending a water lodgment in which pumps will be seated during the wool and sinking resumed in some part is ch dc) round Great Central. Ittor n Bendigo June 15 -Main shall sunk 12ft total 22ft Still breaking: quiet- at 10 left Resumed driving south and done 214 total 15ft reef 18in and shows a little gold Tributers crushed 18 loads for 2oz 12dwt Sheep i Held Shaft At 150ft level put in plat set timbered shaft 15ft Drive west crosscut 12ft first lift in tax and slate mixed with quartz Rest in hard sandstone Great 1 secured a victory Bendigo July. 20 - 1 (ViOft her children on 15ft total 30ft Stone no wall 2in thick showing minerals but no gold Maker milking last few feel Great Northern Extended Rutherglen June 20 -No damage In prospecting drive going south Both carrying fair slopes of wish Cleaned out push coming drive going west towards deep bore fate is carrying a thin stope of wish Cross drive from the No 4 shoot north is carrying a promising story of wish No chance In blocking flies All in usual quality) of wash and in fair working order boiler level north is started again and fair pro trees being made ( old for week 15oz 2dwt Ghost ( ally Steel s Creek June 1" - Crosscutting wo I for roof nice country in 1011 Goulburn Valley line timbering shaft intend sinking at the Great Northern Junction Rutherglen June 19) - Pushing on with driles S and T north and south each of which carries a fair stope of wash Cou tailors making "one 1 progress with main south drill t also cutting value plat preparatory toslnklugnluzc to lower than her Gold 18oz. 7dwt Great Northern Extended Consols Rutherglen June 19 -Inliiinertlate level extended "OH total 23ft. I urge quartz vein in face letting out a good stream of water erection of puddlers professor" once bedded In position Great Southern Rutherglen June 20 Have had Fernando boilers cleaned and tested and in bare feet up from the S.S. milk level which is running reef Have gauge 1 pressure of water, and found no decrease since last report Great Southern No 1, Rutherglen June 20 - Bottom Itv in drive extended 20ft.. total] 66ft country favourable for driving Commencing to drive upper level arms on Monday next Plunger co used completed now engaged putting down rod? Now that new loan lists are so nearly finished no time will be lost pushing both upper and lower level times Into lead in rent South Long Tunnel, Walhalla, June 10 - Shaft sunk 6ft., total ] 13ft. Cresent cast In end of FOUR drive at 1 COU ft. I Act continued 18ft, total 30 ft-. IPuo stopped crosscut and started to drive west have driven Hit through clean slate Slopes abovo87(ifi and 1800ft levels show no chance Great Southern and Chiltern) Valley, Rutherglen June 20 - Chimney stack up 49ft 6in above concrete foundation AU engine piers built required height, and long pier to carry n incline; near, capstan Gear and pumping gear nspeciK clay is in progress winding engine and parts of pumping engine mounted on respective piers. Three heats for boilers completed and one boiler in position 1 poppet heads having been raise I, the work of training is now point; on aloft. All other works are being pushed ahead as stars possible Great bon Hiern Consols Rutherglen, June 20 Contractor for slnUup shaft making slow, progress on her; to wet weather Great Southern Reef, Ilufhenrien June 20 -In paced In crushing for Great Souths m Company Great Southern Junction Rutherglen June 20 - Contract for erecting plant nearly completed expect to start machinery, on Monday or- Tuesday Horwood's Freehold, Bendigo has? J) Put 70ft of centres finished double winding shaft from water level (47ft ) to surface Making good progress with fixing; of double winding,; gear, and li apt. to have it from ple ted next fortnight Hunts 1 xttnded.Gaffney'fl Creek, June lighting from 200ft' level up 6ft, total Hit. heat it. through a good deal of mineralised prone. In which have seen how rough colours gold Nlnzo 0 t level sunk 9ft, total 15ft, mostly through payable quartz dyke 7ft wide fair payable poor show but. in bottom of Wi< the Crushing started to-day with 12 heads Ilunoiei.bu..MHr, June 16- Owing to the second rump not supplying enough wale- battery idle Most of the work shafts stripped 1 Procured check valve for pairs, and If militaire will keep 10 heads going till a larger pump is available Hanlon, He. wood, June 20th car drive from rise extended 4ft, total visit Wash has not been so good as usual most of week There of which had risen 12 or 15ft , is now coming down again, and has a letterqua'It) wash resilient it This drive has still to protest to reach No bore, which bottomed on a rough wish The reef drive has IWii extended 20ft. total 28ft Gold for west 40 " Udwt Hepburn 1 potato, bin eaton, June 10 North reef drive c len led J Uti. beef was rather tight, but has become soft r a pain, and we may now expect to make better progress Second bore lift. ahead of No I went through at "Mt Remark, showing a din of Kit In DOiu Erection of machinery proceed infidel will leave Wood's Point, June 17- Bore Reef Haslem Face-UiiaUnp down A lot of spurs left above back of stope between Cue and third levels quality not so pond as reef store is in put across third levels, and now stoping much COM; on face '5ft wide, good stone stone junction of two rugs, New reef on upper fell without shifted I n^lnublmfc cut down l'JIt making 15ft below tunnel Imliuitor, 1 Ballarat, Juno 10 No. (I reach North Endless on Indicator up sort, through a troop make stone, showing rough gold West drive extended winning slate country will start fill up south end on Monday. No ft level- Breaking stone usual plants 13 tons > folded look. Ddw a lisp Ironclad, Marble Bar, June lo-Crushed JPs tons for ever No work done main sut ft biarte.rui.uinf; middle week John Words flow oil, JJiina 25-Mile reef drive of extended 200ft,, and lined, inn is I up tout 148ft At Late coins have skidded shaft, put out a store, and out chamber, and started to open out 30ft from shaft to connect No? I and 2 shafts. At No. 1 shaft have driven 12ft for fortnight, the last 40ft in good jo) cattle wash A trial machine today pass 14oz 2dwt Kau 'area Hydraulic, Pendlpo, June 20 - At 40ft north level extended 13ft, total lOii, without any chance Resolved to stop work here for presented sink new shaft 200ft. south of tunnel to test spurs lower down Kaiser loved Gormanston, June 19 Sunk shaft 4ft, total 13ft 6in passed through small warn of schist show up copper and arsenical pyrites shaft is not making so much water Campbell Junol3-rrectlntr machinery, boilers puddlers together, erecting engine house, c Also cutting tail race, and cutting Claiming to convey water to paid in New manager took charge on Stir in t Bernhardt Woods Point, June 17 Sunk winze 16ft,, total ft reef a^idnpinchid I \pecttobieak through to rise in a few days Obtained prospect from small SALE corner north-west under also to lower tunnel and will put in a few BIIOIS when wind is complete 1 Leaping Woodburn Creek Inns IS-Contract. Iftttorsintlup main hall a further depth of lAht work connected 1 poppet-heads are Temp e ret ed over main shaft and drive for water in. a li to battery Is I can' continue 1 Union Lulled into, Iiuu 10 South drivers tailed off to be making" stration riuvinpfalrkolil south but still was I to walk out Kee old in I read in" North stones w about the site crushed 19 tons for "oz Lord Salisbury I In one Tiuift 10-4 pumps in shaft and working, well Water all out I am I confess billing,, I QiidiunmJ 1 ed with Wnndlllpoip June 14 - Myrtle mt, north have Mt about 8in wide show a,? good game I Winze-N rib to to about the colours south formation about Mr (clears Underhand stopes i payable No water for wheel crushing withstand Ivcllruito Tasmania June Kadina sunk at, rurtlierlmpinuiutiitln lode i Uhr which will come gold are a sh i t do that e 1 tin \ present bottom of shaft Mor Copper Is the v hu Mrs I E Giles Last Chance United Ballarat Jin of 10 - shaft sunk 5ft total 17ft preparing for opening HUH. Intermediate level Hsu up l it to!; I if it struck Stone No north drive at ended and stone hands (REWARD, toll South drive Minded 7ft show his. Hare more stone stoping on hit L. fairly well No 1 stolen leaving. plenty stout tennis lan.lnnvvttU showing a, little LOK! Meld, -SJox lUdwl Irfuidv u Dr, in North Wallarah June No 2 tank tentUrn drive) ditto MEt met to-day ent cattle tcif.lolo-tt and privates away HOUVU everyone of sold in stout Am jaddooldrip all stone as I roller out 1 in h e Prtnui I Extended Walhalla June 0 - Come lett I layer tramways tunnel total distance 70ft lin I am and stone I ground where HILCS tan CoinintiKid driving his face laid Wa tuesday llanelly Harold, June a - No. 2 store driven lift in nl(ulookin" alone showing a little gold have 40 or 50 tons firmly branching Uaiiberris, Unllural, June 19 -No 3 Shaft, No 9 level Stone in drive and stopes showing gold through it No 2 level- North main worse in Stott. No 4 short, 5. ft Level tone on Indicator and to the Uf.3tBl.oiwt g gold Treat Level Pushing main claim. south on Indkator I lanterns ho 1 Ballarat June 40-hour shaft sunk 5ft. 6in through small veins. Water still heavy WiNenlirgOhhif« for opening set is to go down Long Gully), Sebastopol June 22 - North Drive 400ft, level extended JftfU the ribs close up to face H earning tide of heavily mineralised stone No 1 kise North of cement, is up 20ft and carries about 4ft. of stone in which gold is shown finish pro specU stones poorhouses average is about 100 wide and during the past few days has shown a little more gold when breaking down Finished carting to battery and will complete crushing in a day or two June Nelson, St Arnaud, June 17 Crushed 940 tons, and if you all sand from time, yielding 602 oz The 240ft. Joel driven north 16ft. total 38ft Lode in face getting brot on and quart r of a crumbly nature Winze from 1 110ft To 1 250ft north is coin pic tell At l,2iUft. level have cut stone further weight thick, good pi) ii 15 stone Aiunowdriv higiimlncrosäeutto cut it when shall know more about The chamber and water lodgment will be finished in A few days Lady trade,! bands Creek June "0 Cut lode in 200ft. crosscut 4ft showing gold in stone on hanging wall Now drivlngfiouth un stone which is improv inginquallfj We will break out about 100 tons total crushing, which will be in about a fortnight bone Hand Extended Wandiligong, lunn 18. Mr W F Emery, mine manager, took charge of mine on 15th ins 200ft Level stone in slopes averages 2ft wide, fair gold seen Preparing to prospect main lode Londonderry Bendigo June 29 1,200ft south level driven 12ft, total 23ft, stone about same. No 2 and S Mopes-S tone few inches to 3ft thick, and has appearance of Improving No 4 and 5 Stopes Stone in to 4ft thick, stopes look poor at present West leg stone from 6in to 3ft thick, showing gold occasionally Soft level driven south 13ft., total 70ft, ground here improving Two well defined walls 7ft. apart Simlstono appears to be cutting out and well laminated quartz taking its place 70 tons J folding 29oz 3dwt. Long Tunnel, Walhalla, June IS 1,22ft. level The stopc3abo\a level average 18in of fair stone 1 122ft level London slopes above level averages 20in wide of fair quality 1 -122ft. Level Lode in stopes above level average 3ft. bin wide of good stone 122ft level lode in slopes above level average 2ft of good stone, rise over level up 12th and connected with winzes from 122ft level 1 122ft Level lode in slopes above level averages 3ft of fair quail. Cutting' plat at 122ft level,] Making,: fair progress, I ongTutmcl Extended', W alkali, June 20 Stopes, 900ft. Level Reef 18in showing fair gold, Stopes, 1300ft Level Reef 3ft 6in Mono of a fair quality Stopes 1300ft. Lovell-road 12ft, 6in « showing fair gold Stopes, 1300ft. level Beef 12ft, carrying fair gold Stopes, 1300ft 1 to el Reef 3ft showing pay able gold Stopes l 500ft ] cel Reef 18in , stone of good quality No 15 south tod Mt. total 60ft reef 18in , stone improving Witwe 10ft., total 92ft reef 3ft stone of "good quality No lu-South end 18ft total 200ft reef SUui , showing good payable gold Stopes. 1 GOOfU Level-Beef 3ft shown good gold Gold for month 2 oOlot. fell Pioneers Gormanston June 13 Lost cross? cut driven 4ft, total from shift 4ft At this point out of number north for a distance of 4ft formation pug carrying copper from lib to-lb to the dish Section 93 | Of-Am trenching on this section Madame Drasscv, Rokewood, June 15 - Sinking through a very loose drift which has somewhat re- t anted progress, but have just touched coarse gravel of promising appearance in western end of shaft, total tlemh CO Madame Berry West, Creswick, June 20 -Blocking As usual in the low level and No 4 and 5 rises No. 3 now worked out in No ft rise the west crosscut. is in A total of 20 ft , wash thin hard, and almost barren No 1 Cockroft same Use-The small TIM. mentioned in last report off cast drive has been putuplOft wash and opened both in taxable was Crabhole cast crosscut, in payable wash west crosscut in small barren gravel North-west, the north cast crosscut extended 24ft in payable wash West Reef Drive No 4 in the south drive is in 55ft each payable and rods g slightly, East crosscut in ft , wish mostly, payable Diamond drill bore down reef. in rock yield, 19oz 15dwt is McEvoy s, Rodondo, June TO Top floor main drive 40ft total 65ft No 3 rise up required height, and opened cut off below wash Will allow drive to rise gradually till getting up to wash , water coming away) freely, draining well I expect to be in wash next week North west-Will resume operations here on Monday Midas Consols, Hold Hill, June 16- No 2 Shan Crosse cutting and panelling without change Quartz Shaft West drive driven 14ft, having passed through 3ft of stone Week's v return, 5oz. 3dwt, Alaudoand Homeward Bound Glen Wills, June 15 -Carted 21 tons to battery it will start crushing shortly MouiitLjcIl Mining and Railway June 12- No 4 Tunnel North ilrho/IrUcn 4ft, total 45ft. No I Tunnel, south drive Driving discontinued No 3 Tunnel, main crosscut Preparatory to continuation of this crosscut air pipes and tram road have been put in No 4 Tunnel South drive driven 4ft, total 17ft No 4 Tunnel south drive No 3 crosscut driven 5ft, total 15ft No 4 Tunnel, south drive, No 2 rise Rise put up His total skin No 4 Tunnel, south, drive. No 4 crosscut Distance driven, -6ft, total 26ft had Tunnel, south drive. No 3 Rise Stoping high grade ore at this rise has been started Hauling line ballasting top yard nov brake coin picture erected, haulage service resumed, filling mine terminal ore bins. Crushing 1 last Crushing limestone and ore, but work Aiisuondcd to put in necessary tram sidings on sampling door Smelting himself eating up hot bla^tbtove No blast for once ready to bow in No 1 receiving finishing touches for water connections, various Uro service pipe lines now all connected with high pressure reservoir Getting in wood fuel supply) (quartz flux quarry in operation Coke 110 tons rock ed Weather very fine and dry Railway I manger reports -Rails are now laid to third bridge two I cling already completed This bridge is a big one, and will take eight days to complete Dallas ing is also in progress, and a temporary turntable erected at the 15 mile V weather lately best seen on this coast M'Cracken's Lauriston, June 30- Winze sunk totalled, about Jin of stone under!) the west Jfu in a fit boat Merton, Merton, June 16 Western crosscut ex tended a bit,, total dis- ran co from chamber 14ft , have had fair prospects of gold for about 20ft, At this point reef starting to rise and Is bull rising in this direction Have opened out now from western crosscut to drive south on this run of wash Mount Lyell Blocks Juno U -1 east drive of! west tunnel extended 60ft good driving ground, and much intersected with quartz leaders Tunnel extended a tot ii of 14ft in hard blasting cou are composed of pyrites boulders Now (garden Beef, Moonambel June 19 -200ft - North in a tin "flats Stopped drive for present and will put up rise Owing to want of ventilation could not carry on both works at once. New "Enterprise. Nugong May 17 - Enterprise I had L-No change, its < rushing a lot of over till tons Native Youth J ode-Keef about 3ft, but not yet able Non Morning Star, Woods Point, June 10 Laid trains! and mixed truck Wood's Point level, and extended it All from starting; point, (round mineralised diorite and quartz i pins, with the good walls carry) the: clay and gritty quartz. Iliad from lower tunnel total height of 18ft, shall not continue longer tunnel New Brothers,' Home No. 1 Derby, Tasmania, June 12 -fair progress made in stinging tree amount atonement out lit trucks Water done. good story Nott North Prince of Watts, Bendigo, June -O - Shaft sunk 5ft, total 53ft ground passed through sandstone, slate Revolted to continue him in for another 20 to 30 Hatu ultu country Sibbin heavily charged with mundic, and Is more sailed than kin and passed through the Pioneer, Diamond Creek, lunn in-Shaft sunk VIT struck another leader in chief in the U ni]ipin^tollards main reef broad front, line sold 'well h ! 1 South I season's, fimiston, June 19) -South drive on lode at Oats extended totalled eton iip)icarincoof another make often coined in Lost three shifts through piston in the northern mine wrecking Got breakage repair ed Mart having to dat North Cairns, Itokottood Juno II-Arnnired tor 1 order and operations mill restarted lettuces North Iroinnla Maotioroiinh, June 17) -Shaft sunk 12ft, total Sift New Chum, St Arnaud, June 10 300ft. level South!! drive driven 6ft, total distance on stone 17ft reef' Sill trade prospects same as last Storth [firing-line driven 5ft, total length 47ft test ground, less stated North drive on eastern leg; driven for week 6ft, total distance 60ft from junction , hard ground. 1 Prospects about half an cane to ton little water in bottom of level Crushed 170 loads for 28oz. feUono taken pass!) from south drive and paull from north drive on eastern lee New Mariner Steiglitz, June 10 No 7 level Crosscut extended time for fortnight total from shaft last , country in favor drive larger by clay slate stone south in villa each, h yeriiinohod out in bottom but In Harris; south other Pick of drink A few t colours of LCUI seen in breaking. lOSt letter stone line narrowed down to dliotil'-lfD and is in proving: in appearance, being; more laminated and cure by pyrites Meld for 1 ortrilJht-Iribiucrs, 100\. water,, treatment of sand, 4c 802 New Normanby., Ballarat. June 10- '66 tons yielded lines lying Stopes under trial Strahan South Drlto-No Motor extended 6ft ho 0 Level South nrlvoailtanocd lift Miall down 1,927., nott full size 3ft. Nott port, Diamond Creek, June 30 Tunnel driven 4ft I'lciiarlnir to sink a MILLAR on reef measure through list it felt, as it altona (sold freely and IjitlilouluitouL (.oin,:tlottn Quart? bottles in face making nest Now I Nathan Mary borough, June -Crosscut extended 14ft, total from shaft, 134ft, Now in nice slate country Water a little easier North Magdala Moonlight burnell. June 30 Ihealtliu stone from reef end, and driven 41 In solid alone, progress la Motte in consequence of the hardness of the reef Thctitotio tookautoro pretending not In fine. North Mnck'a I lucky United, Rokewood June - North drive cast aside extended the North drive t catadtAiiccd till stone highly mineralized, and eau are told in breakings; Neil (Golden Cast, Crcaixtck, June 19 Main drive In ]ptOlt and through what appears to be old 1,1x1111111 Opined crosscut to 1,0 north-west In splendid looking 11 ish und In left for tape line; drive mat in ittiahdlit writing; good dish prospects slight- boxes IKed Will hate the pure bellbirds Situidnt Nut cars SteUltz June christmas silk 17TH , tillie sandstone W uti r certain day Bulli.; Nott Millions, Ballarat June 111 No 4 Let us Northerns . Black v. drive extended 12ft total 1811 eccentric Mot old drive truth in or near to bottom cant but; 1. oil (gold North drive 1 visited the 10 it 1 nail in a crash Smith ditto ex len but Kt to Kt THIELE Mr 1 old sets into, the soil around the sun" "must, food prevents. I joined up lOi I lulu horn II sets he Mind- 1 Later he had, 1 uri heat little su A 11 striking until the portable engine iii I kill h is, been here I Nett I am alive I Ullin s 1,11 el him 17 -Urticn 711 on mutton dull In desirous of thought Can get a hint _ Hum ery 1 horses here He has (j Ut installed June 19 Main Ditto -bottom level churches and 11 raised 40ft (or sink Oil ex parts of bills c without eli nee Nell Rich 1 with Matlnil 1916 10 -I often Tunnel -Western crosscut driven "It local line jim with letters floral. In late Class nt on Hat not liltMt net in till jiiliarilca^ooilitolil Open. to all line to Burns do not eat eel butters to start till ml Idle of foxes The Navy 10th I am- sixty feet, Flintlock Juno dishes slope; that led from nee Heel 1st , cumin, fall for I in my hie hen deathlike islands June 6 -At 600ft level stoping. In reef met tile toll tooth Gold 1 au I u sion In atom (min will to null Not what he said h LEITH are also rotten makin du hereditary The whole a) pear tree of rev f is a nut ice or Non Nowh 1 an lnboioii{,h June 17 The reef drive solid; mat oMcndid silt and stones! and then shifted back to installed drive nails h extended M Ilnic3!t Wil otwmhln face of drive curtains told New Wyndham Lauriston June 6 -third crank shaft not! start led baling Machinery note in fair working order North tells, raffling, June "tipsters cross uitnlO'iKt often lit Otu , football ground hard sandstone 1 aston crosscut out race from Kt, enter into a round, hunt sandstone) Western oro"scutatsaiiioloicldnicn Oft Our ; total 47ft 6in around bars of sand stone and slate in JoOft rise put up 5ft ground and tone and slate North IJ riiiinr-lmiii Mclcliu June 19 "Cliff Level -Rise up loft UJfL I call isine, an I drive.. Hotel include level for a free! level in" well Office Hotel -North drive in "30ft reef small I lit regular small rIriior!\ti!ntleilnft reef I" n I If nell iiilnor-ilisc I all showing gold full details i f. recording plated ware) and nil Startlinie [or reef Cm lie 1 for tributers 11) tons of stone taken from a surface reef cast of it in working for -inch of her 13 Iii t I north Unite floor lune I J-South and east drives off south branch Intermediate extended 15ft ' each In wash of poor quality. North drive off No 6 rise in first intermediate III pay able wash Drills, Coat- and west off No 4 rise main level in cash Field COn 2dwt North Kins I yell ' Gormanston June 11 Close timbered the shaft and have started sinking, and a chance appears to be coming in North Long Tunnel Walhalla line) "South Ici el at I JOHN driven and timbered 40ft, total! from crosscut Ilflfu face do ke and quartz North Mount Left lime II-First sunk 2/1, total score splendid I quality North 1 milled Rutherglen, June IS-South Dec! Drive No I turnip up-train going south off east drive of extended 15ft in wash fair quality East drive off south drive of extended 4ft reef rising mash per do 2 south drive 1x1011110114111 Through high bar of reef wash thin but now dipping again much improved prospects No a south line a off west drive extended 14ft nash improving as 111 drive south. South reef drive extented -lift and No J jump up put up lull in fair working; ground yield of cold for 11 eel: 14oz. 6dwt. North Woah Hawp, Ballarat June 19 Good progress with crosscut at bottom level No 5 Level Dril log on Indicator, which continues to carry gold Slopes slightly poorer Victor, 33oz. 8dwt. from ?r>7 tons. Nuggetty Reefs Maldon, June 17 Water is now out of mine to the 200ft 1919 and for cleaning; up I and fixing tram rails In that love Last nail of lode is 15ft cast of shaft. Tributers are crushing 15 tons of stuff taken from a quartz leader about 20ft from surface Old claim bendigo June 19 -Crushed 155 loads for 67oz, 1 out. At 2 150ft west crosscut extended 5ft., total 132ft cut another back underlying cast with the quartz on it south intermediate level above driven 6ft, total 53ft. no change still sloping north soon lillie told At a. 300ft 11 Into In centre country sunk off. total 25ft cut Hat spur bin thick showing gold At 200ft still underhand stoping reef 3ft thick with fair gold 1 "shaft, north drive continued 4ft total 40ft., reef is to 2in thick, then lug poid Tributers had Gol Heat from 16 loads Ophir Wedderburn June 10-horse completed, It Indie, engine gear in position engine house erected I Paterson s Mountain Maid Mount Elliott line 33 -V Staude 1 tunnel 12ft total 20ft country hard and soft bar of sandstone alternately, not very far ourable for work in Pitfield Plateau Proprietary Pltlleld Juno 10 No 1 Tnbuic-Uround a slab e No 2 Tribute Drs mt, south and east, crash throwing good told Mcsldriic suspended to allow it to drain No 1 shaft down 45ft , good working, rock Company's shaft down 64 ft Ino machines from No I tribute yielded 19oz. 7dwt Prentice Freehold, Rutherglen, June 10-Main nest undertone extended 40ft, and 11 III be sus- pended for a time Contract let to drive. Rift street east side of (gutter No 2" shoot will be started 1 at an early date No. I" In a further distance Silt ground tons net and payable No Iii crosscutting north to south payable wash No 14 breaking out around fair quality Yield "Oloz Princess Curtin-Davis copper Silver Dundas June 20 -Mr M J lloiliro appointed mine manager Pushing on work of opening. up lodes rapidly Pride and Stringer i nckaiidandali June 20 - south main drive extended 7ft total! rift Mill break-down 11 lode on Monday, Rise extended OR lode -On, carrying large quantity] mineral Starte 1 battery TURKISH too shall berthing working smoothly and well 1 Price 16 and Tasmania June 15 (By Telegraph - Tunnel extended 5ft, total 50ft bull in a rich Crosscut in 13ft, looking well Trine of tanks and but ah in Ballarat, June 19 - 1 IMfu-Kakiu"- water and preparing to sink the shaft deeper tenders being called Drue opened out south off main crosscut. on course western lode lode came-. in a good foot all out It small!-; and ten Inches well mineralised stone will be pushed ahead as soon as shaft is ready for sinking 1 64th Rise up ft from back, of drive A total quartz could 5; In at top of rise Stones throughout without chance Rheola Rheola June 10-head marking entrance south end of lease Met Indicator and mill cut trench, as it may lead to 11 here surface colours were obtained Rio Tinto, Savage River, June 3 Crosscut cast in adit on ho 2 lode has been advanced 6ft, being now sent from main adit, loin matter not making any larger better Story d lying on former course of lode Through 'House' of diorite, which has split lode, Adit extended total length 20ft No 2 lode 30ft, of trenching done Rokeby Rokeby, (upland, lane 10 -Prospecting shaft across lode ahead of California Gully sunk 15ft through mineralized vein in the formation will now proceed to go system for milk reef Shed to protect main shaft constructed, and windlass fixed Rokewood United, Rokewood June 20 -Chamber mint distance 50ft. men leaped boring during greater part of week, now up 17ft., j, round continue of very hard, passed through several quartz reefs Later Hare went, through at 20ft, got two fine spoil a of gold from prospect Kojebcn, Coolgardie June 20 - Pushing on with main shaft, working three shifts Russell s Reef, I Lauriston, June 19 -At No 1 elia ft denied up from 60 tons J ir 29oz, 2dwt Stone taken from South Russell aEdile Rt 15ft. level, and is full.) \ unable hutiadtfltuilt to work as it is dipping fast md the water behaves troublesome At No 2 shaft rirlvoatTSOft. level his been extended 30ft, total J tft from current t drive now In saddle formation and a rib of blom, makinson the eastern wall, which he okn more promising Mr 7l2tfc. level drive on No 4 saddle extended 25ft a total from crosscut 23ft. This drive continues hard and very wet. Crushed seven days 15 hours sunday Dave put In ready sale and rains I am: in pumping engine the 1 shaft south Russell Lauriston June 10 - shaft sunk total from plates md from surface 37ft., ground sandstone and h late, favor able for smoking 320ft level drive on course of late extended total 25ft. silt liUtiK, I Ulric, Juno 10 West crosscut ex tended soft, slate corn or, total fcSft TI iron:, h another promising; leader of II laminated East crosscut extended for a total COst., small bars of sand stone and slate South Confidence Tribute, Bend to June £0 - chiftsunk lit , total "56ft ground sandstone and Miss Lil slide In bottom, making water , stone 6in thick. Shaft I timber! 7ft South Mack's lucky, Ral ended, June 13, Sunk A total of lift and timbered. to bottom of shaft, ground good worker and, water easier Sebastopol Plateau No 1, Hallam, June 19 - Shaft sunk 7ft , 40ft below opening bet at 1,00011 Timberingflhaft When finished will start to open out at lemurs, and drive went, out wed: Suffolk Tribute United J indigo, June 10- SCOtt west crosscut driven 12ft total Suit in bxreoti-aml stone with three quarts Crosscut vicstat TuOft, continued last, tot U 2,0ft. in Milo andbanUstone last lapsed the rolled Lwoftiinll Tenders 20ft apart uuderlviuRcast with little water from them, but do in face now Mr Henry Loch United, Return Mine Britain drive south at 1,020 level trench our and repaired shaft. total from crosscut FOR mail train south at I soft letter I II the lode in face is still small, lode In Atcii es rebate This letter I crepe its usual size Launched from clean nor) inch 300 tons, time!], in calling I j rites in. yielded 270 oz. today No 2 shaft No 0 Let contributes hero briskly; stone from a fair sized lode No 6 level The lode In the slopes plate keeps without material change is in as rota" j left! for past fortnight, COCOA 17dwt of smelted gold from (70 tons Sloane a and Scotchman ? Stawell June 16 Drill ItciHirt-ID Mariners share No 16 bore put into depth of 34ft in on extremely bro) in rock consisting othltiennd just what Full tests of quartz heavily chircciltriih number I tt in character of units it is probable that boa Is Bill In uncle of Mariners reef Mine Report - Work suspended at 550ft level for patent so as toonableiis to cut chambered COU let 1 their Hat tells Iii II level is too small to get, trucks Into reef, which has a very nrotniahu; appearance It is otor u tens allies it was corked A tribute party front Annie Hinted 'cou Ininti a are now working lids same lecture oft. level In Consolidated shaft. M Hill,: Hill and Central I calls, Minston, June 10 -pumping started on Monday and got water out on Tuesday!, Since then centred shaft measured up and genuine 1 strikes; sunk off in 3 hours in hydro t final deposit and rock boulders total 15ft, water cat, machinery working well, good headway with plant butter came, Nn|Milcona June 11) -flotilla tim granite in the and I come of a milling centre tie and to take out an 1 to time or about, the ground is now hauled Shaft Sunk dirt benth Mar, Sebastopol line 10-1 6,0 Open far; out north on course of lode, stone well mineralised and looks promising; 60ft North line in 47011 , to be as hitherto reported 870 North drive In for II from crosscut lode Stand should, not 1 oetnsionnht S"fu No »rlaoBouth up 70ft 70ft -No 4 rise north up 15ft Stone small, I am making strong \leid,OOJOÍ-tint last four seasons Strezlecki I, Korumburra June 18 Output for week (ltoda}8)inilln_ late but, IlJtoua. southern and I'ltiiLIci, Rutherglen, June 30 - Surface frame completed Start to and shall for same, now down 9ft. Contractors fitting; and framing poppet legs Tinmnny for remaining mat line) from old to non shall half completed South Mount I.) nil, lune 11. South Tunnel, Section I i 63 - East drive main tunnel advanced love, toured, total distance MR face In hematite and red oxide of iron North Dili e, Section 176 104 Contractors have advanced their left , country it without chance South American Extended Maldon, June 20 -Shaft sunk fully, bears); "out below bottom plat, and 270ft. from surface South Ooninit, Maldon, June 20 -Shaft sunk 14ft, or III Jit from surface 'The ucatcrosaeutnt Rioting is tel south extended 1 kill, or 174ft, from level, country full of quartz London one of them 14in through all Fillipini: west and well mineralised No chance III stopes south near Curtin-Davis Plinths June 12- Driven tunnel 20ft, total 4 III. country being passed I through this week being hard blue slate, with bunches ' ofqiiartidfii,Bhonhu;arse deal pyrites freely Mikl 1 truck Into mine from main Hack Curtin must ' lines , South Lone Hand Extended, Waiidllli;on; June IS-Drltlm; north In upper tunnel, and risen II i a party of tooth (sold Also by winze south of town r lunatic hate (our little gold Will sink on our side as that IsillpphlL, In llintdlrietltiu Marini the Lau, Sebastopol, June 30 -No 4 Nine -2000ft levels ditto on COUIBJ of St is Mrs It tilted lit. hill 1, will assist Mont him in I counted more favourable to proceed Stoiianrn without channel No 2 Mind- i i oft Ititil 1 council ditto g W crosscut Non distant from slnltilHi In N drive off connect a missing in, 100 and iisis.ndlil"' oil Hat market of stock Into within, heroism, must 1 furn 1 calls drm ' liiieiliriicd I It lot in i (t Stone In Part III , I ml well miner fiscally ut sides are cut extended lit telling, FRUIT is i h m tourist I set levelled to I ill in-- iron sheets r front a small 1 filled No time is either drive or Speedwell Iltllnrit him It -Unit -Shaft sunk "Hit i munn (billie, his '.OUlliMnln »rill-Itlslne tic first with warm Stone In this photo Roll It tllllltdhtu letter- It is iron tool impish little took to r starts -Stores looking for a time and I mt Utils-\iln carriage told Just - Nocbann No i I Shall lOllIt cast in ¿stilt-\llns likely win crossings. In ult country 40 (v W at the sent -y t lit j i akliiL stopes show fair stone Indicator Winze-, I Imtt room but none Millerand lashn, Ilillunt June 10-mile north at I Ott i i i night of 11th xxiii his mill mineral "sill loud aUiptsshow de hind iiiiprotcuiuiit North line carries a heavy stone hut pool Upl ei Ionia plain will claim i I london toombon June 1" -Shipshape launch lit I tlraluicdup mind a mind to put in coppered Holt b 1 at No li tri 0 "ft (min surface Ilillut; out this UIow Nn willow which it 4ft. deep), n if In 1 ot tom in (Hu , though." used Mid Continue!, to (or sailing" this stage it further full Washed up at Ut tire on 6th for POOR mills at from 66 tons of stone Jiii-lnJlilu Hi uoiiHlluld, Illili' 17th 1911 little eastward of trident on next mill e' of Ii dear Inn of 1st ultimo; across lode to the satin fine I will it Mrs joint true lode is 20ft "visited the store (this width of stone engaged with size of Mines may be of lode in Q-^^^^H of 40ft 60ft level casks aid of rrosAC^^^^H i II di. which is Kid and Waterfront tt>el3^^H cr s cut At present stock is ft Glu.tf|fl^^H on lode, (ron -ft t > lit and - r ^"^^f^B^B "m h par like 1 de trains in a boy I was a with of firm -fit No I south crosscut BNH it to be 14ft the 1 tin inn of 7 level Ude -it has wide He level in the marriage course extended 15ft total 1 ift lins INCH rarmçudaLoii&oli;, Tarnagulla but he -DrtjM small brains, out "on 1 Stone a one as batted through stone in western crosscut was UromntKAmalinmntcd Uitoiloo Tit June 29 Shaft sunk to 70ft in favour able c until, maiden mir for week T Tindal d Coolgardie June 15. It from backs lOOfu north drive up Tit. ml our ted with NOW that Tim pies 400ft of 1 it! 11 work to surfaced been freed in all quartering strong reef 4ft in width from footwall to hanging will in No Abbas and were havcGOOft in our mur of of' rice from north to south have 70ft to drive to intersect No Gshitftg and 60ft to sink and rise t > make a sum chair While this is completed all our shifts will be connected with our main shaft and mine thoroughly at lined up family well ventilated At UOfr level on I ideas have oat; chamber and after day in.: "ft south started to drive west to reach handing will render-, life (in shows? fair gold in the quartz Prreecdm.. to enlarge date June 19 (By Telegraph)- Noah drive 3ft ucatdrlv« but both prices Show Eng o d United Albions briefly June by - (Good progress made with pump and purl m plant United Brothers? Glen Wills June lr-No 1 Level -had 2 3 and 4 stopes extended "4ft lode loan is payable stone Intermediate from north shaft extended 3ft , lode line table sion North drive. No 2 level, extended left total from cr s cut 30ft,, lode here , Rood stone Not 1 and stores over thin drive extended 20ft lode lit pivablisone south drive No I 2 3, 4, and 5 stope extended 1 50ft lode 3ft, payable stone Have delivered 15 tons of stone in battery for the past, week Uncle Tom Fruit June 19 Contract Packet to complete tramway Other work was factory United Cllecaoti s and bailor IÎN Jamieson June 13\. Crosscut from shaft driven left a ice all quartz but of poor quality 1 severance Lei cabbage continues to folio v payable stone our disappeared seam now going down carrying" gold Shaft sinking on It then went Intend on came; upon another body about 400ft to west when I rose its will it is seen at surface MOTHER recent rain will enable full start nnishintrto-dav Vernon Winton, June 3- Directors and manager visited mine on Wednesday preparing to start active work again in the main shaft which is 700ft, deep Tunnel, which has been put in about 1 600ft, was traversed Many tons of stone are limp; at the entrance and some good gold was found 1 in it Victoria United J ballast June 19 -U oat crosscut at 600ft in 30ft through a. (in mineralised stone, gold seen in It HILO slate country 67ft -North drive on indicator progressing fairly without change Some stop on were rather poor others showing in improvement Crosscut for the; slates in a 30ft from Indicator, with cold leaving stone at top of drive Yield fortnight 7" oz 4dwt Victor Gordon, June IP - 300ft. level North drive extended 18ft., stone 03 last reported Cold in dish prospects total north 70ft, South Drive StIOft level extended 23ft. for week, should ent south luroQstonc during coming over! in so 600ft, level advanced 3ft , am putting through stone to test quality Mrcima and Specimen Hill Tribute Eaglehawk, June 20 Crushed fif loads of stone from 7 ' of backs for 4oz Stone in east side still show his; all of gold Will not break over to the western wall and take out crushing At No. 4 have extended south drive at, totalling , stone showing gold CrUhli from here during next fortnight. Vineyard Tribute, Castlemaine June lf>-Reef ioUovung shaft few feet east with little westerly underlay Accepted tender for additional sink of lofts and cutting plant previous to opening on lode W ahpunrdi, 1 thompson June 19 Bottom level ad i a new 1 Oft in good ground paying-out a good stream of water , total from shaft boat No 1 KWL -Three parties panelling? No 2 Rise Leading drive extended down the (cutter total 30ft, with a nice wish in fact crosscut off this drive in Oft good wash Lanarkshire Hisc- Drive advanced 12ft , fair was held for four days -33oz 12dwt Watsons Renard IS North Donnelly a Creek June 11 Prospecting on surface with no for results Watson's Reward, Donnelly s Creek June 3 -No 2 Tunnel Contractors have driven "ft ground in face sandstone dyke progress greatly retarded now in to heavy rains. West Comet, Dundas), June 14 - Owing to scare tr of water in creek could not run pump fast enough to make much impression in shaft the water is 45ft On below plat at Adit level has our ced the ties (had reported three chains further south and sunk deep enough on it to prove it to be the same lode and of or] in value West Sunlight IliUprruf. New South Wales June 20 to ft Excel- Main drive on lode, east extended Sit. total weight 3ft quartz III fuel shortages poid, quality below average Kamo applies to west drive, Menin extended lift, in ii pp total 'cost very little change in stopts Main shaft block and tim I retreat I clow No 5 chamber i til depth NSft Lode in shaft increasing in width and showing gold equal to lode in stopes the two extra Woodbury winners 'crcdchvcred on Saturday, erection coin Piloted and h AT o now time Woodburn a and one true w or Ki up on tailings from Latter , one to work engine!. will be started to morrow which will mean concentrating plant complete June 20 (By life, graph) - Amalgam for week, 1757 Western Star Carngham June 20 - West crosscut extended Oft in clean la c courts Main tlV Uri tan nia lode advanced thee, now up (lift. Put In - recess for retirement when bladin 9 Shaft now being carried on by wages. but all timbered and sunk -4ft. total 13ft West Berry Consols, Creswick, June 20-foot! progress was being made in clearing thKo when plunder rods of 14in lift broke , repairing and taking out water completed yesterday, Now in full swing' again Welshman's, Stawell, June 15 North cement from No 2 rise extended SOft., idea wash on bottom blocking with one party in No 2 rise Two machines yielded 12oz 17dwU12pr West Volunteer Lefroy, June 6 -Shaft sunk and timbered to 52ft below No > pitt and (12ft from surface No 5 cart was driven 30ft from this It, used to win no improvement the drive stopped Operations are now a confine d to him ft si on hip and underhand a top up in the Door of Nos I and 4 levels the staff having been reduced as low as possible Cleaned up cutter for issue from 170 tons h tone Western Zeehan, June 16 Pump in main shaft thoroughly overhauled and repaired and started pumping on 6th inst Resumed work at mine III 1 mill on 8th best Work done Hince UH follows -No t Level-Slain lode south extended 4ft lode ] on No 2 lode north 18ft Lode showing a little ore No of I ovel No 2 lode north extended 3ft lode 4ft with rain Is, with bunches of firsts No d Level No 2 lode north left country men of vtittruhlo and passed through stringers of guion in 1 blende Stopes in Not level and No 4 level looking rather better but ting plug in No 2 level Simson n Shaft Will fix Mildes and edge this week Out put-I firsts 20 tons kaolin d tons seconds for Urns Mill worked 47 board treating 212 t ms for J- tons concentrates Gross output from mine 10 tons Marketable ore returned 53 tons Who Can Toll Haclchawk, luna -0- lowered water 13ft,, total 18ft. from surface Cut down shaft 18ft. total 173ft. Timbered left audcutsinatl plat at lOtfr ground passed through quartz, sand stone and slate Yorkshire I raine, June 19 -Have been pumping continuously , during week have reduced water in this by "Oft I mu ps kept going, at rate of 10 strokes per minute Expect to have water out next week Zeehan Bell Zeehan June 18 - Voce] tel tender for sinking joint shaft, and a bit of will to hume do at clay wall In meantime the loin lift ordered Should she k the Off In six weeks 