HOW GHOSTS ARE MABS. A CHAT WITH AX ITINERAVI ILLUSIONIST. I MET the ghost-ranker at a country fair. In a field set apart for the village *' feast * were roundabouts, shootinggalleritis. cocoa nut shies, and tho many and wonderful things which make up a rustic saturnalia Arranged in a semi-circle were booths in which, for a fow pence, the villagers were able to see the biggest woman on earth, the only living mermaid, the wonderful twins, and a bewildering army of ghosts from the spectre of Hamlet's father to the phantom which haunted-old Scrooge. I mounted the steps leading to the ghost show and saw a fat man sitting in the pay box ..smoking a pipe with meditative deliberation. There was nothing spectral or uncanny abont him. Ho was a happy, jolly, good tempered fellow, with a supreme contempt for the spirits which he charmed from the vasty deep. By his side was his buxom wife, a woman of massive figure, who, in the days of youth and beauty, had played Ophelia in half the barns of Eng land. I wept to think how many times the poor old lady had been drowned. " Well, how are the ghosts to-day ?" I shouted, as, with a Paul Pry movement, I pushed my head through the half-opened door. " Oh, they're having a rest just now, chuckled the old man, as he removed his pipe from his mouth and pointed with his finger, to a seat. ""The spirits have van ished-into smoke," and he put tho well worn stem between his lips agniu, and puffed away with supreme content. "How long have you been raising ghosts ?' Tasked. " Oh, a great many years. I have been on the road nigh on thirty years, and I've been raising ghosts all that time. Ah, yes ; Pve got used to them by this time. They're only flesh and blood, like many a'ghost would turn out to be if examined." "Yes, 1 daresay. But haven't your ghosts been taken for real spectres many a time f "Oh, yes, in the early days of ghost shows. You see, the people knew nothing about it then. Now they understand bow the illusion is produced. School Boards have nigh on ruined us. Boys and girls don't come to our show expecting to be frightened-they come to enjoy a scientific experiment. In the old days they came to the show with fear and trembling-ay,men and women too. They expected real ghosts, and they went away with the impression that they had seen them. Why, one night as the angels hovered over 'Tho Colliei'a Dying Child,' a woman shrieked to them to save the boy." " Yes, that part of the illusion is very realistic. You have had many experiences of that kind, I suppose?" "No, not many. Ours is a very humdrum life. I remember playing Mephisto in an adaptation of tau t, when one old fellow got so angry at the way 1 helped Faust to till his friend that he threw a heavy walk ing-stick at my shadow. 16 struck the plate-glasM in front and splintered it. When I saw what had happened I threw the stage into darkness. Tho play was over for that night, you may be sure. " Ay! talking of Mephisto," the old fellow went on, his wrinkled face smiling with delight as he recalled the storie3 of his early days, " I had a carious adventure once. I was playing Mephisto in a country village about the size of this, and all the men and women for miles around came to see me. The ghost show was a wonderful attraction in those days, sir. The country people used to watch the play with breath less attention. Well, I had finished play ing the part one night when a note came behind the scenes to say that Mr. Verulam, of The Hall, wished to see me. I told the boy to bring the gentleman round, and immediately afterwards a fine, well dressed man came to the corner of the booth in which I was disrobing. Catch ing sight of the fiery-red robes with which I wai usually dressed for the part, he said, excitedly; "' Stop ! don t take them oil. I want you to play Mephisto op at The HalL' "'What ? I cried with an incredulous look, 'play Mephisto in a drawing room? Can't be done, sir !' "' No,no, I don't mean that,' he returned quickly; 'come with me at once, and I'll give you a five pound not® for your trouble.' " . All right,' I said, and covered up my red robes with a big shawl. He had his carriage waiting outside, and we got into it ancf drove off in the direction of The Hall. . "I was puzzled to know what he wanted me for, but my doubts were quickly j allayed. It seems that hia wife had lost a beautiful diamond bracelet, and suspicion ! had fallen upon ono of the maids. The mistress of the house had good grounds for her suspicions, although they were not such as would warrant an arrest. The girl's boxes had been searched, and every nook and corner of her bedroom examined. Nothing, however, was found. Mr. Veru lam's wife persisted in thinking that the girl had stolen the jewel, and hidden it until the matter had been for gotten. That night he ascertained that the girl had gone to see Fau*t with her fellow servants, and he hit upon a lucky idea. He knew how superstitious the maid was-in fact, all conntry girls were just then- and he resolved to take advantage of it. To do so he had invited me to The Hall to play the part of a ghostly detective. As soon a» we reached The Hall he smuggled me through a side door into the library. There he disclosed his plans. Ho wanted me to remain there in the dark until the maid arrived from the show. As soon as she came in he would ring for her in the usual way, and request her to light the lamp in the library. As she did so I was to make my appearance, cut off her retreat, and, in my most sepulchral tones, question her about the missing jewel." "How did the expedient succeedr I asked, much interested in the showman's recital. ? " Oh, capitally," and the old fellow chuckled again at the recollection of the incident. ' " The maid arrived about half an-hour Liter, having, of course, to walk .all the way to The Hall, and shortly afterwards I heard the master give directions for the library lamp to beJighted. I stood in my red robes in ^"curtained recess near the door, and, as-noon as J,he lamp had been fully lit and the girl was about to leave the room, I slowly emerged from iBy-hiding place and faced her. Well, you never beard such a scream, but luckily for me she didn't faint. She simply yelled and shut herey. s. Then, in a sepulchral tone, I demanded the jewel for which she had sold her soul. Of course, coming after a play like Fauxt, in which jewels form an important pait, the effect was very strong. The g'rl shivered from head to foot, pointed to a large book on the third shelf of the library, and screamed louder than ever. I advanced to tho table on which tho lamp stood, blew out the light, and disappeared in the darkness. " When t he master of the- house came up I indicated the book which the girl had pointed »ut, and behind it we found the missing jewel. I got the five pound note he had promised me and another in addi tion. Ay !" and the old man .sighed as he leaned back, j>ensivcly, in his chair, "that was the be?t stroke of luck I ever had." " Well, now, for a little trade secret. How arc Llie-e ghosts made ? " "I can show you best in this way. See" -and hoic he to:>k up a little model of the stage lie had made in his leisure hours, " here you .<-ee how the whole tiling is done. In the front of a ghort show stage you will al'-viiyaseo-if you look carefully-a large sh :ctof gl:w-A ft is generally decorated at the edge-? and j.iincd on to the ordinary singe, -o that it U^ljfliuid1, to see it. Also \- i: yon Ino!; carefully - you will ob^ecvp » wide gap bylwi en the actual stage and the aiidii-noe. 'l'li.ir/ i* the 'oven' in which giiO?t.f are made!" " You don't Wake them. surely V" - " No, but We ro.ist them pretty well. When I war.tja jhof-t to a -jpc.ir at a certain 1 tios down on the lower platlorm, and a < rong li^Ut is thrown upon him by means of ji-ts fir an oxyhydrogen lamp. In that [K.-'itiim In- throws his hands and feet about ntjuirotl, but seldom walks -because ho n't. VVIion I want him to walk he is .jullcil jilouji.-i trolley, and then, by moving his fi*et, the ghost is seen to bo walking on ihe "Then, how does the ghost disappear?" "Oh, easily enough. The oven lights are turned down and the footlights are turned up at an equal rate. Then the figure disappears." " You make the ghosts sing occasionally. How is t hat managed ? " " Well, if you are near to the stage, yon will perceive that the sound cornea from the-' oven,' and not from the stage. The men have to sing on their backs." " Hut how do you make the little cherubs float about." " Merely another optical illusion. The figures of the performers only are visible on the stage. All the apparatus necessary for their extraordinary attitude is draped in black so that although it is reflected on the stage, it is not visible to the people.in the show. That is the way we make the spirit's hand write, and bow we put heads on the stage without bodies. All the rest of the performer is carefully hidden with black cloth.-Million. 