SYLVIA. MONK'S CRIME, CHAPTER XXIX. MISTRESS AND MAID YoUNo Lady Chetwynd did not lose her presence of mind as Flack barred her further progress down the street. He recognised her even as she did him. With an oath. and with outstretched hands, he sprang forward to intercept her. But with the quickness of a flasb, Beroice wheeled and ran in the direc tien she had come passing the lodging-house from which she had just escaped. Shite bad barely passed when Mrs. Crowl and the land lady came out of the house and descended the steps in search of her. Flack and the two women bounded in pursuit of her. The htour was yet early, but the skly was fast daskening, and a fine mist was begitnning to f(lt. A gas lamp or two flickered through the wet. Bernice had a brief start of her pursuers and flew on like a mad creature. She turned the first corner in.tirc.ively, ran a block and turned a second -corner before her pursuers appeared arouud the first. There bad been a momentary delay in the pursuit. The landlady had gone back to her open hou e. Mrs. GCrowl, remembering suddenly that she bad not her boonet on, signa!ledtothe cab Flack had summoned, waited for'it to come up, and continued her pursuit in that. Flack had been detained for an. instant by Mrs. Crowl, who had franticall~ begged him to summon the cab. for:her and. the delay-brief as it was-was most providential for Bernice. Flck;.with a muttered curse uson his con fedeiratefAr detainintg hin,' dashed on, turn ilg ithe corner as fiertiice had done; but thenhepe:aused, lookihg up and down the street, .uncertain which way to go.. Thus occurred another providential de!ay, con tributing further to the escape of the young fugitive. :'I cas't lose time in this way,' muttered * the man. * She's gone down the street.' He ran in the direction thus indicated. The cab, in which was Mrs Crossl, followed his guidance, and passed him in the pursuit. .Flack'had not gone mnore than a block-cot further than the firstcorner-when hehecame Sconvinced that he had taken the wrong course. With an audible oath, he turned and hastened in the opposite direction. All this delay had been fatal to hin. .Bernice-had sped on swif.ly, turning cor ner after corner, without aim in hier course beyond the hope atd design of placing as great a distance as possible between herself and her pursuers. And she saw cothing whatever of them. Oace or twice, hearing steps or the roll of a cab behind her, sithe crouched in a doorway and waited until they had passed, but the steps were not those of Flack, and the cab was not that in which Mrs. CiovI was seated. Gradually, as the distance shehad traversed became greater, and her heart throbbed less fiercely, and she became weary and footsore, she slackened her speed to a walk, yet she dare not sit down to rest lest her enemies should overtake her. It seemed to her that she had walked many miles when at last she came out upon a wide, wellilighted street, where omnibusses were runn;ng and cabs rattled swiftly up and dowon-a treet lined with fine shops, and with plenty of promenaders despite the fine mist that was falling. This was Oxford Street. Bernice mingled with the tide of pedestrians, and a feeling of safety and security replaced her late terror. Her sacque was on her arm. She drew it on over her shoulders, adjusted her hat, and walked on very slowly. She' had threepence in her pocket, and wore her watch and chain, which would serve in emergency as money. But where was she to spend the night ? She sat down upon the doorstep of a darkened house in a quiet street, so near to Oxford Street that she could hear the rattle of the omnibusses over the pavements. The bells of a church somewhere near rang out the hour of t i.ht. People passed her, but no one noticed her or spoke to her. 'Perlhaps I might stay here all night?' Bernice thought, anxiously. She crept closer in the shadow of the tall ironraiiing protecting the sides of the tall flight of steps. She hIad scarcely ensconced herself to her satisfaction, when a man came came hurrying along the street. and ascended thevery'steps on which she was crouchibg. He drew.a latch key from his pocket, and while vainly endeavouring to fit it in the lock in the darkness, his gaze fellupon Beroice. S He.' rei you tramp,' he said roughly. 'Be off wbith you, or I'll call a policeman. My s teps are not a lounging place for tramps like yon.' Without a word Bernice arose and stag gered on. She had no word of pleading nothing to say for herself-but moved on like Sashadow through the darkness and the mist. .A little later she came out into a square, Sdingy and gloomy enough at best, but now dark and dreary with its spectral gas-lights and rows of frowning buildings on every side This was Soho Square. Bernice crossed the square and passed icto a narrow street beyond. She could hear the rattle of Oxford-street Somnibusesand cabs on the Oxfordstreet pave mernt, but little more than a block away; but Sthis narrow street upon which sihe had entered out of S -ho Square was very quiet. The houses were mostly darkened. Froni one house sloe, thie lower fl'or of which was apparently occupied as a shop, strearmed out a broad g'are of light which was strangely alliuritng. - Over the door was suspended a signi witb the legend painte:d upon it in gilt: • .....,.......... . ............; ....·......; . . PIE5RRE.BONoATEAU, Frendi F 'd ICof oer. .Bernice paused before the confectioner's 'riodow and looked in. It was a brigl t, cle.r eoom, with a counter upon each side. Upon one counter was every variety of French bread. Upon the other counter were simple cakes in variety, and cups and saucers, show. . ing that the little French shop was a resort for people out of Oxford-street, who desired a cup of real Freoch coffee. 'How pleasant it is in there,' thiought Ber nice, looking vainly for the shopman or other occupant of the establishment. 'I'd like a culi of coffee. It's a Fretich shop; the name is Pierre Bongateau. Was not Fifine's name B: ongateau? I think so. Her father was a pastry.cook, living in Soho Square, or just out of it, Was that Soho Square back yonder? Perhaps this is Fifine's father's shop.' She continued to look into the room with longing eyes. A woman with a basket on her arm, came hurrying past Bernice, and pushing open the door, entered the shop. There was a bell attached to the door, and it rang out sharply. A woman came out of the little back parlour behind the shop, and proceeded to wait upon the late cistomer. The shopwoman was French, as was apparent at a glance, She wore a trimly fitting black gown, a jaunty little white apron, trimmed with cherry ribbons, and a coquettish little white cap, with a cherry ribbon in that also. The dark sallow face under the cap, with bright black eyes with a vivacious ec pression, struck Bernice as being strangely familiar. It was-yes, it was Fifine, her former maid. Bernice watched the Frenchwoman with a wistful gaze. The customer dame out presently with a well filled basket, and Fifine began to cover the bread and cakes with a thin gauze, preparatory to closing the sbop .for the night, 'She is going to shut up,' murmured Ber nice. ' And then I shall be doubly alone. Fifine loved me. She was good-bearted. I am very tired. I wonder if she would give me shelter to night, and not betray mre to any one. I wish I dared go in.' A noisy party of young men came out of Oxford-street, approaching her, As they drew near they espied her, and one of them, with a drunken laugh, endeavoured to peer into the girl's face. ' I.et's see your face, nay beautyl,! he. hic coughed. 'What'--shy ? Here, boys, is something new, A girl actually shy, although she's in London streets alone at this hour. lah l she's acting. I'll have the kiss, or we'll go home with you, my dear, or both. Now for it i' He put out his arm to clasp her waist. With a stifled scream, Bernice ran away from him and ran into the pastry-cook's, the bell on the door ringing loudly. Fifine turned toward the new-comer and glanced also out of the door. She com prebeoded the cause of the abrupt ingress. 'Sit down, Mademoiselle,' she said, in her soft French accent. 'The men will soon be gonei. Ysu are safe here.' Bernice's hair veiled her face. She flung it back with a sudden gesture, pushed back her shabby, limp little hat, and stood re vealed, pale, despairing, yet wondrously beautiful. ' Fufne,' she said, sofly, 'you think me dead. I amr changed, I know; but don't you know me?' The voice was recognised sooner than the lovely face. Fifine staggered back with a great gaEsp, and then, iselieving that she locked upon a spectre, gave a. piercing scream and tell to the floor in a swoon. The noisy and lawless young men whose insults had driven Bernice to seek refuge in the French confectiaoer's shop passed on when they saw their intended victim enter the shop door. No one in the house was aroused by the scream of Fifine. Bernice devoted herself with all haste to the:irecovery of the Fretchwoman. Her efforts ,ere soon rewarded by the gradual return of Ffine to donsciousness. The Frenchwoman gave a gqreat psp similar to that she had given when fainting, and opened her eyes, only to close themr again tightly, and to repeat her screams with added vigor and fierceness. Lady Cbetwynd stooped over the recum bent figure, and said, in a tone .of gentle authority : ' Husb, Fifine. Youi will have the police here in a moment more. Compose yourself. Can you nbt comprehend that I? am Lady Chetwynd ?' Fifine gathered up her sprawling figure into the shape of a ball, and rocked, herself to and fro irantically, crying out shrilly in the French language: 'Oh, Heaven I it's a ghost I It's a warn. iog'l I am nOrt long for this world I I'm to be cut off in my youthful prime. Oh, the good Lord have pity? My good lather ! My poor mother I' Sbhe shrank away into the farther corner. Lady Chetwynd followed her, expostulating, entreating, reasoning. As the Frenchbwoman grew somewhat calmer, Bernice laid her white, cool hand upon the hand of her former maid, saying: 'Grasv my hand, Fifine. There, you see I am flesh and blood. Don't tremble and moan so. Itis I indeed, Flfine. I did not die, as you thought.' Ftfiue's faith that her visitor was a ghost was staggered. T'he, Frenchwoman's native sense began to-assert itself. Her memory, too, was quickened, and she recollected various incidents that had transpired during the past few days that went far to proclaim thie fact that Lady Chetwynd had escaped the grave and was still living. ' There you see it is I, and not a ghost, said Lady Cietwynd, as Fifine's limp body bhigan to stiffen, - and Fifine's eyes began to assume their riormal proportions. Haven't yiu a kind word for me, Fifise? I. am in sore need of a friend. I had no :intention' of seeking you. I came upon you by chance. WVill you give me a night's, shelter, and keep m' secret, Fifine. I want no one, not even Lord Chet wynd, to know that I live.' 'What, does not my lord know?' cried Fufine, amazed. * No, Promise me that you will keep my secret, that you will tell no one that I live.' 'I promise-I swear it,' said Fifine, in as awe-struck vilice. 'But I cannot understand how ir is that you live, and that my lord does not know it.' 'I will explain. But first, are we alone ?' and she glanced toward the door of the rear parlor. ' Yes, my lady, we are alone in the house. The good father and mother went to the French theatre tbo-night, and I am alone in charge. You can speak freely, my lady-no one will hear us.' There was a timorous look still on the girl's face which Bernice marked. 'I see, Fifine,' she said, 'that even now you are not altogetber persuaded that I am no spectre, Does it seem so improbable that I should have been buried in a state of trance. It is. strange and improbable, I klnow, but it is true. But one person alone suspected that animation was only suspended within me, and that was Mr. Monk.' 'My faith ! And Mr. Monk rescued you.' In response to tliii exclam:tion Bernice told Fifine her whole pitiful story, including Lord Chetwynd's intended marriage with Sylvia Monk, and ended by saying: 'I have tried to get a situation as governeso. Ihave but three.pence in my pocket, and I am shelterless.' 'Not shelterless while Fline lives, my. lady. I will keep youir secret. No hypocrite nor mock sympathy from anyone can drag it from me,' said the maid. ' Ah, my lady, you were kintd to me, and I do, not forget it You shall stay here, mny lady, until you can get a situation. The good father and mother need not suspect who you are, my lady. Let them think you Miss G-ys, a lady 1 used to know. Shall it be so?' If you please, Fifine. You comfort me.' 'And you need comfort, poor infant,' said Fifine. 'Was ever such sorrow, such despair, such romance, Ah, spy lady, the false hus band shall not find you here. It may be that I can get you a situation as companion, my lady,' she said with a start, and a sqdden flush. ' My mistress has sought a comnparion of accomplishments for a month past. She wants a young lady who can sing and play the pianoforte and read French-a dressed up lady, whom she will treat as a lady; for with all her proud, cold ways, my mistrass is a lady to her heart's core. I will recommen:d you to her as Miss Givyn, my former mistress in reduced circumstances, and she has such faith in me that ghe will gladly engage you. I have been with her since the week after your ladyship died-that is, was buried.' 'Oh, Fifine, if you can only get this place for me i I feel so lost, so cast out into the great world, so helpless and forlorn. Who is your mistress ?' 'Lady Diana Northwick, madame. She's a beauty and a belle, and cold as ice. I'll speak to Lady Diana thisvery night, and to morrow, my lady, you shall be in your new home. Let me get you acup of coftee, my lady,' said the Frenchwoman. *'Come into the little back parlor.' Fifine conducted her former mistress into the rear room, where wax candles were burning, and an air of coziness prevailed. Bernice sank into an easy chair which Fifine drew to the table, and the maid bustled about, preparing a cop of strong French coffee, She brought it, all black and steam. iug, to Lady Chetwynd, with a roll. The marchioness drank the fragrant beverage eagerly. 'I wonder,' said Fifine, thougbtfully, 'if my lord does not suspect you live, my lady. There was a man hIere the other day, my mother tells me, a gentleman, a swell with an eyeglass and a cane, who asked for me. He came to Lady Diana's to see me. And what did the miserable want ? Why only to ask what dress your ladyship was buried in, and if it bad a fine darn in the lace under the sleeve ? Of course it had. Did I not darn the rent myself, and was it not well done? He brought the dress to me, and I identified it. But what did he mean? There is a mystery here which has puzzled me much.' 'I know no such person as you describe, Fifine, and I cannot think who be can be, but I left my dress at the Park the last time I was there, and securely hidden, as I thought. So they have found it. Ah, he must have been sent to you by old Ragee !' cried Bar nice, paling suddenly. ' Fifihe, that woman has twice tried to take my life. I am afraid of her, Sbe has found the dress and has employed some one to seek for me.' 'You must be right, my lady, for my mother tells me that a strange heathen woman has been here twice, asking singular questions, and wanting to be taken in as a lodeer. She was very anxious to know if my mother had a lady lodging here, and she stayed in the shop many hours watching the door of this room as a cat watches a mouse. My mother thought her demented. I could not think who she might. be; but she is Ragee I feel ready to swear.' ' She will come again. She is cruel, remorseless, pitiless. She is like a human tigress thirsting for my blood. Fifine, in Heaven's name, promise me again that you will keep my secret ; that not even to Lord Chetwynd himself will you reveal the fact that I live; promise ?' 'I.swear to keep your secret, my lady, until vou yourself give me leave to tell it !' said Fifine solemnly. 'I will not betray you even to my own parents or to my mistress.' 'Then you must cease to call me 'my lady,' Fifine. I am only Miss Gwyn--Miss Bernice Gwyn you can call me. I shall have to relinquish my own name of Bernice.' Fifise approached and removed the empty cup. Then she took Lady Chetwynd's hand and kissed it affectionately, mentally register ing a vow to be true to the promise she had given, the solemn oath she bad taken, and to befriend and protect her former young mistress to the best of her ability. 'A sound of the rattling of heavy wooden shutters was now heard. 'It is mray father,' said Fifine. 'He is putting up the shutters. The lather and mother have returned from the theatre, and I must soon go to my mistress. I will wait to commend yolr ladyship to the care of the mnother.' Tt-e shop dotr was pushed open, the be'l ringing violently. Fifine's parents had re. turned. Bernice rose up and awaited their appearance. Fifine ran and opened the door leading into the shop, and called out : 'Is it you, my father ? Hasten this way, I have a guest to consign to youa care before I leave, Come I CHAPTER XXX. BERNICE ANXIOUSLY SOUGHT. . YoUNG Lady Chetwynd trembled with anxiety and dread as the Fretich confectioner and his wife entered the cozy little parlor where she awaited them. She stood, pale, yet with a sweet and gentle dignity, and a faint smile on her brave, sweet young face, that thrilled Flfine with a new love and respect for her. ' Come in, moan dre; come in, ma 8mre,' said Fifine. ' I have a surprise for you. I have taken in a lodger,. It is Miss G-yn, a former mistress of mine. Miss Gwyn, Monsieur and Madame Bongateau, my good father and mother.' M. Bongateau, repressing a look of surprise made a flourishing bow to Bernice; Mhiadame Bongateau made a little courtesy, intended to indicate the deepest respect for her. 'I do not remember your name, Miss Gween,' said the confectioner, '.butyou are welcome to the shelter of my roof and the best my house affords. Pray be seated. Do not stand on our account, I beseech you.' Bernice resumed her seat. Fifise removed the outer wraps off her mother. Ber.:ice liked both husband arid wife at first glance. Their simple courtesy was no outside veneering, but the expression of kindly natures and a true inbred politeness. They saw that their guest was a lady, and Fifine'ssimple introduction had been sufficient to commend her to their kindest attention. Fifioe made coffee for her parents, and a1 little supper was eaten. After the supper Fifine conducted Bernice to a pretty bedroom upstairs. This was Fifine's own room. 'My lady,' she said, simply,.'you will honor me by wearing my clothing as if it were your own. Your outside garments are quite ruined. You are safe here. I will ptt my parents still further on their guard against your enemies. And now good.night.' She took Bernice's thin, white hand and kissed it, but Bernice stooped and kissed her cheek with a grateful affection that brought tears to the girl's eyes. Ftfioe withdrew, and Bernice undressed, and went to bed and to sleep. It was late in the morning when she awakened. The shop bell was ringing fitfully below as customers came and went. Barnice arose and dressed herself in the garments Fifine had provided for her. Her toilet was scarcely made when a low knock on thibe door announced Madame Bongatrau, who came in with a tray on which was coffee, hut rolls, and hlittle pats of new, yellow butter, unsalted. Madame greeted her guest with kindly interest, and inquired with solicitude how she had passed the night, and lhow she felt herself this morning. Bernice having re plied satisfactorily to these inquiries, madame said : ' It is much more cheerful down stairs than here, Msdemnoiselle. When you have eaten your breakfast, come down to our little bark parlor and read the morning pspeirs by the fire. The morning is wet and chilly, and Pierre would insist upon the extravagance of a fire. I own the effect is delicious. You will come, Mademoiselle ?' Bernice assented, and her hostesswithdrew, The young fugitive ate her breakfast, and soon afterwards descended to the little parlor, which was indeed brighlt and cozy. A low fire was burning in the grate. She read the newspapers, looking over the columns of 'Wants' with great care. Madame Bongateag was called frequently into the shop, and Bernice-was for the most of the time alone. She could bear the rattling of spoons in the cups as the customers sipped their coffee; she could hear distinctly ntearly every word that wts spoken in the shop, yet the murmer of voices, ithe eager bustling, and the occasional sharp reprimands of madame to monsieur were not unpleasant to her. After her recent enforced and long solitude, these indications of busy life were, in fact, decidedly pleasart At noon Madame Bongateau brought to her guest a diinty luncheoo, daintily served upon a small table, which she wheeled before Bernice. Bernice bad finishbed her repast, the table had been removed, and she was again alone, with a newspaper on her knee, when the shop bell tingled for the hundredth time that day, and a man entered the shop, which at that moment was ne'irly deserted. Monsieur and madame were there, however, at the desk near the partition between the shop and the parlor, and Beroice heard tihe newcomer approach the desk with a swift stride, and address the worthy couple in a voice thai startled her, and thrilled her very soul with alarm. It was the voice of Gilbert Monk I ' Good-morning, Monsieur, Madame,' said Monk, politely, yet with perceptible im patience. 'Are you the parents of one Fifine Bongateau, who formerly lived at Chetwynd Park, Sussex ?' Madame Bongateau courteously replied in the affirmative. ' Is Ffine at home ?' .demanded Monk, with a quick, sharp glance towards the inner room. No, Monsieur,' said madame, in a tone of surprise. Pardoss, Monsieur, but what interest has Monsieur in our Fifine ?' inquired Monsieur Bongateau, giving his long mustache a fiercer upward twirl. 'I am Lord Chetwynd's step-brother,' said Monk. 'I am in search of a young lady who has fled from her home and friends. I think, as she had no money, she might come to Fifine, who formerly served her. Is she here?' -' 'Who is it you seek, Monsieur ?' inquired Madame Bongateau, cautiously. Monk hesitated Bernice held her breath in an agony of suspense. Monk continued to reflect. With an assumption of frankness, he said. at last: 'The young lady is known as Miss Gwyn. She may have taken another name, or pre. tended to be some noble lady, possibly. She has been ill, and her brain is not yet quite right. It is necessary that I find her immediately, and restore her to her home. Is she in this house ?' " 'We do not take lodgers, Monsieur,' said Madame Bongateau, somewhat loftily. 'We regret that we are not able to assist you in your search for Miss Gween, but.you will be obliged to look for her elsewhere.' 'Is she not in this house. Madame?' demanded Monk, sharply. 'Hi, Monsieur ? Is it thus you speak to madame, my wife?' cried the little con fectioner, with his fiercest air. ' Do y.u come here to subject us to the cross-questi:on -the inquisition ? Is not this country where even the French exile has his rights? Be kind enough to depart, Monsieur. I.cannot peramit to madame this agitation. Go 1' The confectioner pointed to the shop door in true theatrical style. Monk glared at the confectioner-i who smiled back at him airily. Then, with an oath, Gilbert Monk strode to the door.: As he passed out a carriage drove up to the shop and Miss Monk put her headoutof tlhe window, calling to her brother. He started, looked annoyed and surprised, but obeyed her summons, His dejected, angry air told plainly the story of his dis comforture. 'I came to see Fifin',' said Sylvia, re garding her brother keenly, ' but I think I won't get out, after all. Did you receive the note I sent you in care of Scotsby and Newman, Chancery Lane ? ' No, I've not been around there to day, said Monk, sullenly. 'I left you in Sussex. What are you doing in town.' 'We came up - Roy and I-to do a, little shopping,' said Miss Monk. We've ordered the wedding-cards. Roy is off this morning with Mr. Tempest, and I have been shopping in Regent Street. I am uneasy, Gilbert. You look so strangely. Is-is all safe ?' she asked, in a whisper too low for the ears of coachman or footman. SNot particul:rly so,' said Monk, coolly ' The girl's escaped from me.' . \- 'Escaped I Great Heaven I Escaped I' 'Yes. You act as if all the danger threatened you. You needn't be troubled. She -rpn't.troub!e you,' said Monk, speaking in Hindostauee, that.the servaritt idight not understand him. 'Camne and see me at Park Lane, Gilbert, at Lady Marchmont's. And give me your address. I may need to communicate with you.' Monk had gone back, since the assumption of his false beard, to thie West End hotel he was in the habit of frequenting. He gave his address promptly. and, declining a drive with his sister, walked moodily toward Ox ford Street. Miss Monk gave her order, and the carriage turned into Oxford Street and proceeded westward. It stopped, however, not a block away, and Miss Monk alighted and went into a linen-draper's shop. She had brought Ragee with her on her shopping excursion, and had left her here in waiting. She gave the Hindoo woman certain directions, and then went on alone to Park Lane, while Ragee hurried toward the French confectioner's. SNo sooner had Monk .departed than Madame Bongasteau hastened into the little back parlor to reassure her guest. She found Bernice calm, resolute, and brave. TO BE CONTINeeD. 