The government of the United States keeps for itself a number of “reserva tions” throughout the country which ex ist from the potential necessity of killing foreigners to defend Americans. Some of these reservations are army posts and some of them naval stations, and one of these latter is a navy yard on the Pacific coast, in California. This navy yard is placed upon an island; the island—call it Stair island— lies near the main land, and paralleled with it in a landlocked bay. Its general shape in elevation is that of a wedge standing in a high bluff in one end, where it faces the mouth of a river, and from that eminence declining for a mile to the flat part, where the navy yard buildings are disposed. Beyond this built and inhabited por tion the real island ends; but a low marsh, almost at a level with the salt water, and called the tules, stretches out of sight. There is a landmark which may serve to fix the point of demarka tion between terra firma and the marsh. This vast brick structure is the steam engineering department, some hundreds of yards away from any other building. By day, in spite of the voices of wild fowl out on the tules, the steam engin eering department is desperately unin teresting, with its surroundings of old rusted ships’ boilers and propellers and other condemned enginery, and with the din of forging- and riveting from within. But at night so lonely is the situation that the memory of the commonplace noise and labor which were within the trails when lighted by the sun seems to emphasise now their utter abandonment to the gloom and solitude. A dilapidated sentry's bcx, long dis used, stands a-tilt. On either hand is a gleaming- of silent waters. One evening—I was an ensign on the little mar.-of-var Hover, which tvas ly ing at one of the navy yard docks—I left the ship and went up into the yard to call on my friend, Paymaster Monroe, an of ficer of the station. Monroe was a wid ower and lived alone in the spacious quarters assigned to the paymaster. He was a man of wit and remin iscences. His library had become a ren dezvous for men who after dinner found themselves with no duty. Several other officers were with the paymaster, or came in later. It was New Tear’s Eve. We had amused ourselves for an hour or two w'hen there was another ring at the door. Monroe went to the door him self. He brought back Johnston, a lieu tenant of marines, with his sword on. “I have just time for a cigar,” said Johnston. “You know we change the guard at 12, and I have to get around to all the posts before. Well, here’s to the new year,” as.the paymaster handed "him a glass. “ May it end with a rainless night, or may I not be the officer of the day to see it outside again.” “Is it raining?” inquired two or three of us, for it had not been raining when we had come in. But we were not sur prised at Johnston’s assent. It was in the season. “By the way,” someone said, “ they ring the old year out with sixteen bells to-night, instead of eight.” By the naval system of striking Ifime, of course, every 12 o’clock is told by eight strokes of the bell. Sometimes the midnight between two years is struck with a repetition of the eight.1 “Yes, the commodore mentioned it to Jackson, of my ship,” I remarked. “It is unusual, isn’t it?” "Pill up,” said the paymaster to the officer of the day. Johnston yielded to this encouragement. “By Jove, you remind me, said John ston, with the slowness of remembering something curious suddenly. “It was at sixteen bells between 1S5G and 1857 that a marine officer w’as shot down near the tules. -You know that empty sentry box down there near the steam engineering; you can’t get a man to stand guard there since. The men won’t stay there.” “I never heard of this,” said Stedley, junior paymaster and a Baltimorean. “Who shot him? What is the story?” “It seems to be indefinite, like other ghost stories,” Johnston answered. “What I know is this: The lieutenant’s name, I think, was Reed. Reed had a man in his command who was in love with some fair one in the town over the straits. Reed fell in love with her him sel, and had the misfortune of her falling in love with him. This disturbed the private.” “How natural” somebody dropped. “And he?” “Reed was the officer of the day,” con tinued the marine, “on the night of New Year’s Eve of 1S5G. That was in the wild, early days out here,and the officer of the day was always mounted. This is the an niversary of that night, and this Reed was on the same duty that I am on now, visiting the posts before the change of , the guard. \- “He had been to all the others, then rode out to that box out towards the tules. You must have noticed it. Reed was on a white horse. "Where did you get these cigars, Monroe? They are fine ly dried, as they should be.” “They are some that Commander En ton brought from Panama with the Charlestown. But I’ll ask you why ci gars ought to be dry, later; go on about this Reed.” “Yes, go on,” we said. “I have told you all but the finish. It must have been almost midnight, as it was near that hour when he left the guardhouse. Sixteen bells struck at the suardhouse a little before the corporal came up with the relief to that out-of the-way post. “They found there the body of lieutenant, shot through the heart, his horse gone. So was the sentry" Neither he nor the horse was heard of. It was supposed that went out over the tules to the _“But you said something abo 'Dll, of course, the ghost is~Re he answered. “He rides from the to box out into the tules every nlaht t1 thS be”’ esPecially on night, X suppose.” saidI^o1i.nter“Srtins if: woul(i all said Stedley, if we were a superst People. It is a lonely plac^a scene for a murder and a gh^t how is it that the ghost has his ■ horse, if the sentry rode the a’ p(erh:aps the horse came" YoS saffi thaim^the spirit tvhen^he stanri flnw ^ the men reall>" refu ° “ rpu t ^ there at night?” lilac is the tradition at the the Iieutenant replied; “1 don t know, of course, because that nnV'?3 siven up before I came. I usefes^ onef” naturally abandoned ‘‘rntl T°u ever have the curiositv 1 down there at midnight?” asked paymaster. asaea r1 "eve!: really thought 0f it,” m /-‘smg 'ily tour does not me in that direction. But I have fii ed my cigar, Monroe, and I must down to the guard house; it mus U-30. I have been at the other plai After that, why don’t you go d and inspect the spectre?” laughed a tenant Thorne. “You can make : port to the commodore.” I report to my major, you km said Johnston, a little stiffly, .(‘not to commodore. But no, thanks, its ■wet. I shall get back to my offici soon as possible, and compose mysel: a novel all night, while all of you In your beds or bunks. You. staff line can’t say that the marine corps has nothing to do.” "I must go, too,” I said. “Then the guardhouse will he on your way to the Rover,” said Johnston. And, bidding the rest good night, we went out together. It was a sodden night into which we had stepped out, dully raining as only on “the slope” it can rain, in the season. As we walked down the navy yard I mentioned that the story he had related struck me as more singular than he seemed to take it. “How many enlisted men have you at the barracks?” I asked. “A hundred and thirty, about.” “ And how many stations have you sentries at night?” “Four.” “I suppose that the number of marines never becomes fewer—with the drafts that you receive and send—than per haps eighty.” “I fancy not,” said Johnston. “But I don't follow you.” “ 3\Iy point is simply that with the number of your men and the paucity of your night posts you could easily keep up as many stations again and the duty still be light. “You said that the sentry box where Reed was murdered has been aban doned, probably as useless. Why is it useless? It was evidently meant for the protection of the steam oncineenna building, which contains costly ma chinery and tools. The building is isolated and near the water of the straits, and might readily be robbed by a boat from the town side. "Of course, I don’t believe in ghosts, but it seems to me that for some reason or other that the sentry box must have been abandoned not because it was superfluous, but because, as the ban acks tradition hinted, as you gave it, men would not do duty there.” “It is odd.” he agreed. “And, as you say, we have men and to spare to keep one posted there. Perhaps there natu rally would be one there. You are right, that building ought to be guarded; I do not understand why it is not.” “But you will prefer your novel to a visit to the spot.” “On the contrary; though I can t imagine that we shall find anything but a soaking old sentry box; we will go and see it together, if you will.” “Who comes there?” The challenge rang from the guard house, which we had approached. “Officer of the day,” answered my companion, in the formula. “Advance, officer of the day! Corporal of the guard!” The corporal of the guard appeared from the guardroom, from which his men also turned out. They came to pre sent, and we saluted as we came up. Ideut. Johnston exchanged some words with the corporal, leaving him some routine orders. He had nothing further to do than this. “What time is it, exactly, corporal?” he asked, as we were about to turn away. “Quarter of 12, sir.” “I am going to walk up to the tules with Mr Dreighton,” he said, to inform the soldier; then to me: “We have easy time; it is not a quarter of an hour’s However, when, m two or three minutes, we had left the pavements of the navy yard itself, the ground lying between those and the marsh was sufficiently discommoding underfoot— the detestable adobe mud, the tenacious clay which old Mexican dwellings and missions have been built of. The steam engineering building loomed in front of us at some distance, raising its ugly chimney up into the sky, thus looking by instinctiveness like a menacing giant. After stumbling over some pieces of old iron, among the derelict machinery, as we proceeded, the crazy watchhouse drew in view. We could see the dreary dim of the night through its open sashes. “There is no ghost,” said my com panion, as we looked into the little broken interior, which could hardly have held both of us at once. He had meant to jest, but our environment was too dreary for that. I merely replied that it was six minutes before 12 yet, as Johnston stepped into the box. He turned around in it, and came out again shuddering; the night was as chill as it was otherwise disagreeable. I looked into the small vacancy; there was no reason for my going in; the whole was nothing but a few upright planks put together in an octagon. But, having bent into this little hole, I was irritated with myself for a shiver which I did not attribute to the rain. • “There is no use in waiting,” said Johnston, while we stood off from the object. “We will wait for the bells,” I said. “As you will. But it is cold. What time is it?” “Four minutes of-” We stood side by side before the sentry box, probably each of us con gratulating himself that if the other knew that he was a fool, he knew the same thing of him. “Do you know,” I said, “ that that thing slants beyond its centre of gravity?” “It adheres to the mud,” replied John ston. I looked at his face. In that glance I saw him pass his hands before his eyes as if to free them from a veil. His ex pression was fascinated, and he was trembling. I looked. I saw the house only as before. “It moved,” he said. “There is some one here. Go round that way—I go this.” We went round, and met, on the side of the tules, with their dismal bird notes. “Nonsense.” I said. Johnston was silent, but the next n ment he was pointing. The object had stood, with its sla before us. Our eyes upon it, we sav slowly, steadily raise its sunken si _aqcLgre c t J ts e If to the perpendicular. tinctly, it rolled; it "waved, in a^sl rhythm, from side to side, before c eyes. 1 The w°n swore-.r benched my han Uon k°X WaS motlonless in its old po Johnston, with an utterance of 1 otfe yhlch,is a man’s resentment of ] oun fear, threw his shoulder upon t Object. It toppled at the impact? a hfi e °n the “round- Johnston se Ins own sword into the earth where had stood. It was ordinary ground U that surroundings * We drew up from examining it a' we were facing each other, about SPIn the ?? thre Was a sudden noise. In the overturned sentry box the inoLr rappin= and a batting; as ® looked we saw a lit lantern through t “'ot?™repeateciiy fr°m °ne Before we could think or move a, th?ethS0Uand rooted us where we stood ston.th ler °f' h00fs’ at short succe They stopped short. The lanter ceased and disappeared. Our eyes discern no horse, no man, I heard screaming in the marsh, which had alarmed by these sounds. Suddenly I thought that my pamon had discharged a revolver the detonation which rang in ti was not his shot. There sprung up from the prone 1 something white. It took form. In its silent celer: was like the approach of a el shadow; the white mass—a white on a white horse—lightly hurled itself upon us—it swept over us! Johnston was down; I staggered back, with a knock on the cheek. Tv’e marked, the snowy bulk on its soundless career away down the land, pursued by the sixteenrbells of the new year, which rang from the yard and followed it into the vaporous tuleland, where the alarms of the frightened fowl surrounded its llight. Chased by the flying notes of the bell, there we lost it, down the night- vague-, level distance of the marsh, the headlong dash of its fugitive gray. Johnston told me two weeks later that the bruises still remained on his ribs, though the marks on my- cheek did not last so long. It was the rider’s boot that struck me. -“Boston Globe. 