A T[?]PICAL PANDEMONIUM. THE BEST “ ENTERTAINMENT” FOR A LONG TIME. In nntiuipation of boisterous fun, and por haps to do justice to a political oharactor with whom Victorians have been too families for many years past, a couple of thousands people assembled In the South Melbourne town ball on Wednesday nlglit at an audience at tbo first mooting hold by Mr. Thomas Boot in furtboianco of his candidature for tho repre sentation of tho constituency in Parliament. Tho hilarious nofao which resounded from the building directly Mr. Bout made his oppoar nnOo could (tho Ago says) bo hoard two bloolts away, Mr, W. Hodge was appointed chair man, and introduced tbo candidate, who ad' vacood to tho front of (ho platform prepared to commenao his address amidst a perfect hurricane of howling and derisive laughter. Proceedings commenced in this way:—Mr, Bent: “Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen. *’ (A yell; “Sit down.*' Tho chairman; “I Know the majority will allow Mr. Bout to have bis Bay.” “Wo will not 1” vociferously. Intense howling.) Mr. Hoot, with caution; “I understand ” (“You r.ro not to stand.’*) Hooting ond laughter. Mr. Bont; “This largo mooting bos attended boro to-night ’’ (“To give you tho goodbye.”) Mr, Bont; “No; lor tbo purpose of hearing what I have to say,” (“ Who shook tbo ranoef”) Mr. Bent: “I am surprised at those interruptions from ray Australian friends.” (“Boohoo, Woll done. Cabbages ”) Mr. Bont, indistinctly: “I have ” (“Ob I blow your nosr.”) Mr, Bool;“l board a man interjoot something about cabbage*. Of course I am a o»bbago grower, 1 honor that profession. But I un derstand tbo great question which affects tho people just now " (“Chuck it off your chest, Tommy." Mote howling.) Mr. Bont: “Now it won't do you any damage if you listMi to mo ” (“ Have you any shares to soil?”) Mr. Bont: "1 am very sure this largo assemblage did not oumo boro for the purpose of pr<venting mo speaking. ’’ (“Didn't it? You.go hack to Brighton.") After a further interval, during which the uproar was well sustained, and Mr. Bunt un availingly tried to m->ko himself heard, bo said ; “1 lake it tho question is pub to me, why do I oomo to South Melbourne? Will you allow mo to toll you? It does not follow booauso after two amt twenty years of honest service " (“ Honest?” Peals of laughtor, and a voice, “Bah. Got on your blko and rido homo.”) Mr, Bont: “1 don’t wish to insuU you. I will 101 l you, if you will permit rao, .why 1 venture to como burr. Tbo very ball in which you are gathered to-night I helped to got for tho people of Hmorald Hill over 20 years ago. Another thing I did " (“ Why didn't you pay your rales?”) Mr. Bont; “When I was Commissiouor of Railways 1 obtained 6d per day increase for ovory laboring man. I opened tho Middle Patk railway station ” (“Oh! You bad butler go home,") Tho obaitrann : “Now look. A quarter of nn hour has boon wasted, and, gentlemen, you have heard nothing.” (“You couldn’t expect to hoar anything from Boot." Laughter, rc sononl and reverberating.) Tho chairman ; “It would have only lakon 25 minutes to have hoard what bis views are. Give him a show." (“He's having a show." Immense amuse ment. ) Mr. Bont: “1 will till you another thing I did for Emerald Hill ” (“Very good of you, old mao.") Mr. Bent. “I have boon connected with Polor Johns and Waygood. Every man in tho establishment will toll you—and Peter Johns and Waygood stand high amongst the industrial classes of tbo community ” (“You’re a liar!” Confusion wono confounded.) Mr. Bont: “I was about to tell you that tbo question of federation seems now to bo tho most important " (“Oh, Ihat'd stale.” “Wbal do you know about federation?”) Mr. Bent: “Being an Australian ”(“Yos, you’re a beauty.”) Moro sustained howling hero supervened, amidst which Mr. Bent stood looking at tho audience in a dazed way. Ho at length said, “ 1 cannot of course attempt- ” and an in torjeotor added, “to go to the poll.” Mr. Bent tried hard to oxpross himself further to tho effect that bo expected a “fair field and no favor,” and Monsiour Victor, tho pugilist, who sat at tho back of tho platform, put in a word for him, accompanied by a characteris tic shrug of tbo shoulders. But Monsieur Vic tor, who, by tho way, is bald, was told to “got bis hair out,” and there was more laughter than over. With o French accent, Monsieur Viator expostulated, “You cannot hoar zo man spikkon,” and Mr. Bont mop ped bis brow in silence amidst tbo appalling noise. Tho candidate was aroused again into tho altitude of an active volcano by a yell from someone. “ Wo’ll keep you out of Parlio monl.” “You wonT !” said Mr, Bent, with a degree of fioroonois, and then there were an swering assurances from ibo tumultuous audience, “Wo will!” Following this epi sode, Mr. Bont abandoned the attempt to make a speech, saying as the audience would not bear him ho would answer ques tions Then someone asked, “Does the Can didas think ho has a ghost of a show?” Mr. Boot got out answers to ordinary political ques tions to tho effect that ho is a believer in mem bers of Parliament being directors of build ing eoeiolics and financial institutions. One man ono vole is a principle bo will not sup poit, but ho favors ona vole for a man's resi dence and another for thrift represented by ownership of land. Ho would giro a vote to seamen. As to (ho Companies Bill introduced by the Turner Government, Mr. Bont will not support it. “I have boon in companies,” bo said, “and-lost my money like a man.” “Lost other people’s money you moan,” some ono suggested. And (hen the audience got on to the vexed subject of Mr. M'Maboo at Brighton, Mr. Bont doctored hnut-olf agree able to the establishment of a Government Labor Bureau, and when some ono asked him “Arc you in favor of limited Sunday trading?” bo answered with a snap, “I am.” Mr. Boot also announced binr>olf a supporter of a tax on unimproved land values. Another prolonged uproar btro arose re specting whi h Monsiour Victor was loud in bis romo outran cos on tho side of law and order, “Ko k com oud,” ho yelled, in allu sion to a loading disturbrr. When a slight abatement ensued, tho chair man, who had a sense of humor, said, “This is a very sensible question. Liston.” “Am you in favor of imported iron being manu factured in tbo colony?” Great laughter greeted this conundrum, and Mr. Bent-, in reply, said, “I am in favor of making Ballarat city a seaport town,” A black elector asked him, “Are you in favor of colored men being in tho police force?” Mr, Bent pointedly responded, “I do not want any colorod pooplo boro at all,” where upon there was another laugh, and Monsieur Victor romaikod, “Zat cos fair ond straight anyhow.” Many otber questions were an swered by Mr. Bont which wore administered by tho audience and accepted in sdrio oomio manner. A continuous disturbance was kepi up all tho evening, and (ho candidate’s unpleasant position was onoo accentuated by having to put up with tbo overtures of a drunken man, who invadod the platform and sparred all around him in a oircto, to tho unminglcd de light of the crowd. It was only just as this deadly earnest individual was about to lot out for Mr. Boat’s frontixpiuco that strong bands were laid upon him, and ho «af, so to speak, battled oil at tbo wings, Tho finale was reached when the chairman declined to put any moro questions. Mr. Bent, in all seriousness of demeanor, then said, “From Ibe bottom of my heart 1 thank yon for tbo kind attention you have givon me.” “What are you giving us?” some man wanted to know, and once more the place almost rooked with laughter. Mr. Bent tried to induce tho meeting to give tbo chairman the hearty voto of thanks which he really de served, hut things were too mixed, and Mr. Hodge closed tbo moniornble entertainment abruptly, it is almost needless to say, with out asking the assemblage whether it held Mr. Boat to bo a fit and proper person to represent Melbourne South in the Legislative Assembly. _ 