christ" church. The Lord Bishop of Mellinurne preached, yes terday forenoon to a large, congregation. Ho took as bis text in the morning- the worJs of Elish 1 to tbe King of Israel, bidding him take arrows and liow, and shoot certain arrows sym bolical of deliverance from Syria. We learn from the Scripture the benefit nf faith, and also the loss that, comes from unbelief. Jnash was a bad king. Syria was the rod of God's wrath against him. Elisha, the man of God, is now dying of old age, and Joash, the king, cmes to sec him. Conscious that faith and goodness are the most potent defences of a State Joash weeps over Elisha, lamenting his loss. But Elisha has another word from God to speak. The king, perhaps, thinks the old man doting when be tells him to go on sb-ioting arrows against the ground. So he obeys languidly and feebly, and thus involves himself and hi kingdom is a mere temtmrary deliverance from Syria. From this the bishop deduced a valuable spiritual lesson of the necessity of earnestness in religion. A re ligion that is neither one thing nor the other is not the faith that will remove mountains or bring comfort to the sin-laden conscience. It is only enough to make us anxious, not enough to lay bold of full salvation. We arc pledged against it as chtistened and confirmed men and women. Let us strive and pray to make our religion more real, and so more potent for good. Tn the afternoon BihopGoe conducted a con firmation service. The congregation was so large that to accommodate them forms had to be placed along the aisles. In addressing the young people, the Bishop said it wa an important thing for them to make a good choice as that influenced theirafter Iiv- s After having received instruction they had publicly come to make a choice. People were always making little choices, but there were big choices to be considered. Snme people never knew how to make up their minda, and once having made a wise choice they should stick to it. He illus trated tbe example set by Joseph on leading the children into the Land of Canaan, when he asked them whom tbey would serve. Tbe communicants had to make their choice in re turn for the sifts they received from God, whose love for them gave His Son to save them. In making the promise to serve God, they are to be sure they havo counted the cost. Jesus warned the young man who fol lowed Him, who said he would co wherever He wonld go, but Christ told him that He had r.ot a place to lay His head, so that the young man might know what comforts he was leaving. The (/rder of Confirmation is the laying on of hands, as they read of in the Acts of the Apostles, and this was the receiving of the Holy Ghost. With regard to the great choice of that dsy, he hoped they were not making it 'hen for the first time, but had made it some time ago when in their confirmarion classes, if not long before. Tbey had cime to do what their godfathers and godmothers had done for them at their baptisms — to promise to God each one f->r himself and herself. If they ' acted are rding to that they wonld be happy j and biassed in this life and in the life toe -me, j He was charged to ask them that day tochoose whom they should serve. In making their promise they should add ' by the help of Chri«t," and nt depend upon their own strength, because they ceeded help from above. The real matter of importance waa the reception of ibe eiit -f the Holy Spirit of God, In saying " Ido' they were made strong by tbe gift of the Holy Ghost. His Lordship then administered the rites of confirmation to 25 giris and nine boys. His Lordship a'.so addressed the confirmee, and expressed gladness at svemg so many people coming together to see tbe confirmation. Swim mers knew it was easier swimming with the tide than against it, and he -waitoi the confirmees to be more strong and earnest regarding their souls than before- Tbey were now soldiers of Chrit, putting on the armour to fijht aramst sin. He warned them against getting into passion and bee -tiling sorry af-erwaris. They w u'd be under the observation of people who might see no good J in religion, and might point 1 1 some of them as j being no mote truthful or b-tter than they were j before confirmation. Let thrra then try to be i good, wrll-tempered and forgiving, so that j people would see the change in them for the i better. Let their light so shine to show their j go d works, that it may i e seen of men and so ! have their Christ an actions acknowledged as g-«<L No matt r how small the ci-cle in which ! one moved, a little cand'e was seen a long way I in the darkness. They could L ad c nsistent'y ; Christian lives. >nd God would give them rest. ! He rntre 'ted them all to pray a-.d j'-i-t in family i prayer. Let them go to church c n Sunday and j regard tho Sbb .th a ih i' " i-earl d«y." They had the invitation of the Lo-d to come to Him, and t>i attend the H< Jy C--mmunion. In the ereniDg the Bi-bop preiched an im pressive season in Trinity Church, Campbell's Creek, to an excellent congregation. 