%k llitoinc la-alb PUBLISHED DAILY. Echuca; Wednesday, Feduuauy 12, 1890 Tue Weather.—Ruin fell in a drizzling fashion during yestorday morning, and a couple of sharp showers assisted to bring tho rainfall to 14 points. This makes a total of 23, including tho fall on Sunday last. Last evening miBty rain fell till midnight. The farmers arn very anxious for an extended fall of rain and tho moat of thom arc unable to do any ploughing until the ground bo cornea considerably sofer than it is now. The Accident to the Mayoh.—On enquiry wo yesterday loarned that Cr It. F Scott had much improved, though bo is con' sidorably bruisod and is suffering consider able pain, which proves that ho must have bUBtained n heavy fall from his bugpy on Monday ovoning. It will bo a mutter of some days before ho will bo able to rosume active business. Revision Cocet.—A roviaion court was hold yesterday morning. Tho ratopuyors and general lists for tho £chuca and Roches ter East divisions oF tho Electoral district of Rodney, were producod by tho registrur (Mr II. Downo) About 100 names wero objeoted to by the inspector (Mr P. IS. Turner) for various reasons and wero struok out. Land Board.—A sitting of tho Land Board will bo hold this morning, after the local police business is transacted, Land Sale. —A land sale will bo hold at tho Court House this morning. ACnAnoEor Assault.—A woman named Prendorgasb was last nighti arrosted by Constable Braysher on aolmrgo of assaulting another woman at Eohuca East. ■Very Hard op H£AuiNQ.--Of lato those who attend tho local court havo not had any thing out of the ordinary to tickle thoir risible faculties, bub yoatorday morning an answer given to tho P.M. caused a simmer to run through tho room. An old lady was presented on a charge of drunkenness and tho clerk could nob apparently mike hor understand him, as she said she was hard of hearing, " lioavo hor to mo," remarked'Mr Dwyev and turning to the defendant ho aslcod in a loud voice " Can you hoar mo ?" Without the slightoBb hesitation came the reply " No," and tho bench collapsed. Street Acoident.—Tho rain which fell yesterday morning made the wood paving in 'High street very slippery, and this caused a horse which Mr Tainsh was driving to fall heavily. It was sometime before the animal was got on its feet littlo the worse for its mishap. Rather Hot.—From time to timomention is mado of tho peculiar fact that; various publio officors, if they, on behalf of the publio body to which they belong, havo a case beforo tho court, they must always havo the services ofa solicitor, no mattor how paltry tho case. This was strongly in avidonco yesterday when J. H. Luko, tho water inspeotor, sued a ratepayer for wasting water. The defendant admitted tho offence, bub said ho so seldom got any wator, as ho was at tho end of tho main, that he always allowed his tap to stop open so that if by any strange chanqo the wajjor should go as far as hia; pipo he- would bo suro to got it. Mr O'Dwyer was engaged to prosecute in thiB very difficult case and the result was a fine of 2a Gd; with thirteen shillings costs. Wo certainly think that in a case liko this the inspector should conduct it himself. A "Spook" at Rochester. — Saya thd Rochester correspondent of the Age For sevoral overlings past an apparition has been observed flitting about at the back of the railway station. Residents of a nervous dis position havo been greatly exercised in their minds over the advent, of the " spook," wliieh has come in close contact with after-dark pedestrians on several occasions. The " spook" ia described by those who have Been it ab close quarters as resembling a ball woman in black, who approaches wayfarers as though about bo address them, then, with out a moment's warning, diverges in an op poBibe direction an apparition in white. The polico incline to tho belief that tho " ghost," who is exceeding fleet of foot, is tho author of many acts of pilfering that havo been reported to them lately, and is a man in woman's clothing. A tragedy was narrowly' avortcd'on Sunday night, and more by chance than otherwise, for tho apparition was onoo more abroad, and being obsorved by Mr T. Moore, a respectable resident of bho locality, ho procured a gun and took a pob shob at the intruder, but, as far as can be learned, with out sorious effect. 