THE WRITING ON THE WALL. MEN who have travelled much upon mining .fields learn to read the signs and tokens of coming trouble quicker than other people. To them the writing on the wall is easily decipherable, because they know by experience that what lias been will be again. And wc see " trouble" carved in large capitals, wide and deep, upon the face of the future, and we earnestly ask the mineowners to help us to .. crush out the possibility of evil. They • can easily do it—the power is in their haiiels ; let them beware how they use it. The cause of discontent is the attempt that is being made quietly, but cruelly, to lower the rate of wages paid to the miners upon this field. Our contention is that men are worth, and should get, jQi per week for mining purposes. Living here is expensive, the discomforts are many, ; the gain but small. Men are grumbling now—they will revolt later on. Surely mineowners who have had experience elsewhere know what will occur if the rate of wages is not kept up. If they do not, then they are men wi o will not profit by the experience of the past. Already there are whispers in the air concerning the formation of a gigantic labor union, and the veriest tyro in such matters must see what that foreshadows. A firm and fair stand should be taken by all mine owners. Cheap labor should be eschewed, fair wages should be paid, and trouble would be strangled at its birth. But if the property owners are too grasping, if they are greedy beyond the bounds of prudence, theu they will live to bitterly regret it; for as surely as they throw down the guantlet, so surely will it be taken up. The accursed strikes that have been the ruin of almost every gold, silver, coal and copper field 111 Australia have been begotten by the greed of mining directors. We hate the sound of the word " strike," we wish-it had no existence in the Australian language. It is a grim ghost ^ that has stalked through the land, with famine at its heels atod misery in its arms. It is a spectre to be dreaded by workmen and " fat men " alike, but in the past it was the only weapon, the only scourge the workmen had, for our own part we would sooner see a civil war in the West than a strike of miners; but we tell the mining people candidly and fearlessly that if they force the hands of the men by lowering the wages, then the blood of our national prosperity will lie at their doors, and it will lie heavily, for if once that omnious word crosses the seas 011 the breath of the cables, then good-bye to foreign and British investments, farewell to eastern capital—the sun of Coolgardie will set as rapidly as it rose. Be fair to the working population, and they will be content; be unfair to them and the day will come when yon will remember this warning and curse yourselves for not heeding it. 