MM 1HI. ' CHAPTER IV. the song op the sea. For many days Amy Carleton lay in a dai'k ened chambcr battling with death. Her physician had never attended upon a more hopeless case, and he felt that it would have been almost a relief if the poor sufferer could have found peace in a brighter world. Tjiidv Margaret Gresham rarely left the bed side of the sick girl. She felt that, slie had been careless and cruel in bringing the awful ?. news to the rector's riece ; she had dealt the ruthless blow as much in bitterness as in sor row. ' She will recover her reason,' the physician gaid one day, ' but I fear that it will only be to hasten her death. The full forcc of her loss will return again, and she is so pitifully weak now that I must pi'epare you for the worst result.' Within two days, Amy was lying 'white and still, but listening to the soft tones of Lady Margaret. ' You have been ill for three long weeks,' her ladyship was saying, ' but you will get well again if you will try not to. think and to ?worry.' 'I. have no wish to live,' Amy replied. et I have no wish to live, Lady Margaret. Life is empty for me now. Yes, I remember all theterrible story, andlsuppose there is no hope that Cyril escaped ? Tell me, Lady Margaret, if the news was confirmed ; if the papers told the full story of the disaster.' ' Yes, dear, it was only too true. Nothing has been recovered only broken wreckage. The Grosvenor struck a rock, and went down before the life-boats could bo launched.' 'I am satisfied now,' Amy said, softly. ' I shall nofc set well ; I cannot live, now that Cyril is dead.' The next day she expressed a wish to be taken to somo place where she could hear the u song of the ^ea. It was a strange request, * and the physician hardly knew what to do. ' It might be fatal,' he said, ' but at the same time the change my be benefical. We will wait a little longer, until she gains strength. If the desire continues, she must be taken to the south coast. There are many pretty places there well sheltered from the cold winds of winter.' But when the fever had quite abated, Amy was as weak as ever, and seemed to be grow ing whiter and thinner. Her one wish was to hear the song of the sea. ' I shall seem nearer to Cryil, then, and it will be much easier to die,' she said. Tlaongh filled with grief, for he was fond of the child that had been cast upon his care by an improvident soldier-brother — though filled with grief, the rector felt a savage satisfaction in balking the desire of Denzil Lismore, and he wrote this letter to him : 'Dear Lismore : — Amy's case is hopeless, and I almost feel ready 'to defy yoH now. Bitter though the disgrace of an exposure would be to me, there is little to enchain me to this world if mj darling tfeice is taken away from me, and I prefer rather that she die than be your wife. My chief dread was that by striking me you would ruin her young life. I am glad that you have had the decency to keep away during this time of trial. Yours etc., Edward Carleton.' The reply he received surprised him. ' Dear Carleton : — You misunderstand my feel ings, and your letter has driven me to the verge of despair. If money will do anything to bring back J the woman I worship to health, I beg of you not to spare me. I spoke to her — I insulted her in a moment of madness. Had I not boeii sn precipitate an almost insurmountable obstacle to tho success of my suit would have been avoided now that young Leveson is out of the way. I cannot believe that she will die. One so young and so beautiful must have many years of happiness before her. I shall never cease hoping, and some day my greifc love shall bo rewarded. 'I would not breathe one word of shame into her gentle ears. I would not add one pang of sorrow fco her cup of bitterness; but rather let it be my pleasure to gain her esteen by acts of kindness. Yours sincerely, ' Denzil Lismore.' ' There is the trail of the serpent through it all,' the rector thought. ' How often has he played his artful tricks on me before !' A few days after this, Amy was taken from Queenswood to a quiet little place on tho south coast called Seagirt. The rec' or had hired a furnished cottage within a furlong of the sea, end Amy seemed almost happy in tho care of Lady Margaret, and a servant named Annette Bird, a native of Seagirt. The physician had declared that further ?professional services were useless. ' It will be a case of rapid decline or slow recovery,' he said ; ' but i£ you do feel the ?necessity of a doctor, Lady Margaret, it will be easy to call in a local man.' For the first day Amy lay on th® couch near to a window, from which' she could see the tossing ocean, and hear its mystical song. She seemed never to tire of the sound of the waves as they clutched at the shining sands ; and when night had descended over the face ! of the waters, she likened their rhythmical -.murmurs to the sweet words of ' Endymion' : 'Tho rising moon has hid the stars j Her level rays, like golden bars, Lie on fche landscape green, With shadows brown between, ' And silver white tho river gleams, As if Diana, in her dreams, Had dropped her silver bow Upon the meadows low. 'On such a tranquil night as this ? She woke Endymion with a kisB, V'- v When sleeping in the grove, T? She dreamed not of her love. ; ' Like Diana's kiss, unasked, unsought, -Love gives itself, but is not bought, Nor voice, nor sound betrays -Ita deep, impassioned gaze. J ' Ifc comes— tho beautiful, the free, The crown of all humanity— In giluouB and alone, To seek the elected one. 'It lifts fche boughs whose shadows deep, Are Life's oblivion— the soul's sleep, And kisses the closed eyes Of him who slumbering lies. ' O weary hearts 1 O slumbering eyes ^ O drooping souls whose destinies Are fraught with fear and pain, Ye shall be loved again ! ' No one is so accursed by fate, No one is utterlj desolate, But some heart though unknown, Responds unto his own. 'Responds, as if with unseen wing?, An angel touched its quivering BtringB ; And whispers in its song — ' Where hast thou staid so long P^' Again and again did the words ring in her ears, ' Whe-e hast thou staid so long ?' Was it the voice of Cyril calling to her ? The voice of her lover who was dead, who was lying at the bottom of the cruel sea ? CHAPTER Y. amy's resolve. In two or three days the rector received very favorable news of his niece from Lady Margaret, and he ran down to Seagirt, scarcely knowing whether he was glad or sorry. The old dread had seized up him again, and he knew that Lismore would never forgive liim for tho letter. Amy met him gravely, saying ; 'I am getting strong again, uncle, but I never wish to return to Queenswood. Its memories are too painful, and I have been a burden upon you too long already.' 'My dear child,' he replied, tenderly 'have I not always loved you as though you were my own daughter. What can you do away from me now ' 'I have been thinking of that, and talking it over with Lady Margaret. I have even had Lady Margaret write to my old school mistress at St. Albans and she will be delighted to find me a little to do. Then I have the annuity that my father left me, and my life now will be dedicated to my lost lover.' The rector paced the room, a moody frown on his wrinkled brow. 'I believe that it will be best,' he said, at length, a deep sigh escaping him, 'I believe that it will be best for many reasons.' He broke down and covered his eyes with his hands, then continued : 'Amy ! Amy ! Do you know that I have al ready hoped you would die ? Do you know that Lady Margaret's letter filled me with ter ror? Not for myself alone, but for you, for you.' The girl looked at him wonderingly. 'Uncle,' she whispered, 'there is no sorrow on earth equal to that which has already be fallen me. I can face all else without fear. It it my resolve to drop, as it were, out of the world, and to live quietly, until heaven calls my spirit to join that of my darling who lies under yonder treacherous waters.' ' To drop out of the world !' he repeated, and gazed at her half stupidly. ' Oh, that it could be in very truth ! I do not ask any sacrifice of you, Amy, but if the world .were led to believe that you had died, we should escape him — we should escape him !' She looked at the rector at first in wonder ment ; then she remembered the savage threats, the bitter smile of Denzil Lismore ; his ascen dancy over her uncle, and the love he had de clared for her. Her lip curled a little. ' 'Ton are thinking of Mr. Lismore, uncle ? For myself, I have no fear of the hateful man. He has told you of my contempt; he has repeated some of his ugly threats to you. The coward ! There should be no secrets between us. What power has this man over you ?' The rector dropped into a chair, and a groan left his lips. ' I must tell you all, Amy. Better that you should hear it from me than from him, and you may be able to prevent the last years of my unhappy life being spent in a convict-cell.' . She did not interrupt him and he went on : ' Whim I was a young man I committed a grievous crime while at college. I got into a fast set ; I gambled and lost money until I had recourse to the use of my father's name on paper to meet my liabilities. Many of these documents I honoured when they became due, but at last I was helpless, and he branded mo as a forger. He was a stern, remorseless man and vowed that he would hunt me mercilessly unless I made good the money of which I had defrauded him. ' Pride, anger, and fear rendered me desper ate, and I obtained the money by committing even a worse crime. I was guilty of an act of sacrilege ; I desecrated the holy church to which I had free access. I stole the funds from the safe, and many valuable relics in silver and gold; There was a terrible outcry but no one suspected me, until Denzil Lismore quietly accused me of the theft. He declared that he had seen me enter the church, that he knew the receiver of tho stolen plate. Unless I shared with him the plunder, he threatened to claim the reward offered by the authorities for the apprehension of the thief. I had not a word to say in' my defence, and since that fatal day Denzil Lismore has been an Old Man of the Sea to me. ' Though I had lieai'd nothing of him for many years, until he came to Queenswood, a strange step has ever made me start with the nameless dread. Ho has had tho price of his silence in money several times ; but now, Amy, he claims you ! If he knows that you aro living and well, and refuse to marry him, his hatred will bring upon me the punishment I have so long evaded. Denzil Lismore is as cruel and remorseless as a tiger.' ' Poor uncle,' whispered the girl, fondly. ' I now understand your many gifts to St. Dunstan's. You have repaid tho debt many times over !' That makes me none the less a criminal,' he sobbed. ' But there — I have sinned ; let mo suffer! My greatest grief is that tho black mantle of my disgrace will fall upon you.' ' You shall not suffer at this man's hands,' Amy said, decidedly. ' I will, leave liore for St. Albans in a few days ; I will drop out of tho world as completely as though tho grave had closed over me. I am sure that Lady Margaret will help me, and who is to unde cieve Mr. Lismore? I shall be happy in doing something for you, who have done so much for me. You must remember, also, that it will relieve me of the odious attentions of this man whose very glance makes me trem ble.' ' If it can be done — if it can be done,' murmured the rector, nervously, passing the fingers of one hand through his thin white hair ; then he pressed a warm kiss to Amy's brow, saying : ' May Heaven bless you ! You hare pointed the way to salvation ! Do not think more of it, my child. Leave all arrangements to mo. You will only have to leave here quietly, and I will see to tho rest — I will seo to the rest !' Ho walked out into tho wintery air to _ cool his fevered brow. Was the schomo feasible ? WaS it possible of accomplishment ? It was not all for himself, no, not all. It would relieve Amy of Lismore's determined attention, and then ho could rotiro in peace for tho few remaining years of his life. Ho felt that ho was used up mentally and physically, and my lord has promised him a comfortable home and an annuity when ho resigned. Surely, there could be no better opportunity than now ! Tho loss of his neico would bo an excollcnt cxcuso, if he could only trust Lady Margaret Gresham. Thus he argued to himself as ho paced the shore — thus ho argued for a full hour, and hesitated when he reflected that Lismore might follow upon the track like the sleuth hound that he was. - But, oh ! it was lifo or death to him ! Ho went back to tho cottage at last, and expressed a wish to seo Lady Margaret alone. He did not notice that she was pale and agit ated. Ho did not know that she had received a cablegram from New York not au hour beforo, announcing that Cyril Leveson was alive and well, and would be on bis way to England in three' days. His passage was taken on the City of Trinidad. This messago had been sent to my lord, but as tho earl was in a very uncertain state of health, it had been forward by my lord's secretary, unopen, to Lady Margaret. Lady Margaret practically ruled the house hold now. When she had read the news the shook be wildered her. At first a great flood of joy rushed into her heart, and she murmurod : 'Cyril lives ! Cyril lives !' There were love and tenderness in her tones, her beautiful face softened, and tears rained from her eyes. Then she remembered all her old hatred and jealousy _ of the girl whom she had wooed back to life from the brink of the grave. CHAPTER YI. A QUIET LITTLE F0NEKAL. ' Why did not the blow I struck at her in my fury kill her ? Why did that telegram not do its full work ?' she muttered. ' Why have I nursed and tended her, only to find her in my way again ? Was it not she who took Cyril away from me ? Was it not she who sent him, as I thought, to his death ? And now he lives, but not for me — not for mo !' She rocked herself to ]and fro, her heart torn with love, hate, and jealousy. ' No longer am I mistress of Queenswood, and she will reign in my place, she whom I shall not dare to face, now that he lives, for, fool that I am, in my weakness I have told her my secret — I have told her of my love for her lover !'' At this moment Mr. Carleton tapped at tho sitting-room door, and Lady Margaret hid the cablegram in the bosom of her dress. He entered the room almost timidly, say ing: ' Pardon me, Lady Margaret, but I have something of great importance to say to you. If you are not at liberty now, perhaps you will see me later.' - She summoned the ghost of a smile to her pale lips, and replied : . ; ' There is very little in this quiet place to occupy my attention, Mr. Carleton. What is it that you wish to say to me ?' The rector closed the door, his features! twitching nervously. ' It is about Amy ; she has formed a most extraordinary, resolve, Lady Margaret. She will soon be well, thank Heaven ! and her fears haye revived concerning the unwelcome and persistent attentions of a lover whom she is desperately afraid of. I don't know whether she has ever mentioned him to you, Lady Margaret, but, entre nous, he is no other than Mr. Denzil Lismore.' ' I am not surprised,' said her ladyship. ' Mr. Lismore has written to me for positive information as to Miss Carleton's condition.' ' The scoundrel ! the scoundrel !' exclaimed the rector, paling. ' Lady Margaret, I need not explain why, but I am in this man's power, and through me he is resolved to persecnte my poor child. Perhaps I am mad to tell you Amy's wishes ; they can only be the outcome of a mind enfeebled by sickness. No, I do not think that I dare ask you to be mixed up in what may be a very questionable transaction in tho eyes of the law.' ' At least you can do no harm in telling me what the wishes are that Miss Carleton has expressed,' Lady Margaret said. ' They are simply that my niece is deter mined to evade Mr. Lismore by dropping out of the world, by leading him to believe that her illness has been fatal ; but she does not understand that he will not take a more infer ence as conclusive proof. To completely blind him, there must at leas?;, be a doctor's certifi cate, and that is the first step to fraud.' Lady Margaret's face became even paler than before, and she clutched at tho cablegram -in her bosom; By an almost superhuman effort she steadied her voice, and replied, gravely. ' I would run any reasonable risk for the comfort of my dear friend, and I believe, Mr. Carleton, that wo can gratify her wishes even in this. I quite recognize tho danger of an exposure, and I shall expect you to bear the responsibility if Amy repents later and insists upon proving to the world that she is alive well.' She smiled a little, and he waited in dread ful suspense. It was the drowning man again, clutching at a straw. ' Yes,' continued Lady Margaret, ' I do not think that we shall havo much trouble in proving that Amy Carleton belongs no longer to this world. It is a strange coincidence, but this very morning a sister of the woman who is working here died of fever. She went away years since — no one seems to know where— and came quietly home to die. Why should she not be buried at Queenswood? Why should the name on the doctor's »3rti ficate not be Amy Carleton? Your niece need know nothing of this. She is too innocent of the world to dream that all these formalities aro needful, but what does it matter ? Are wo not working for her comfort ? Are we not humouring her, perhaps to save her from another illness, that might end in death ? It is her wish not ours.' The rector was dazed with relief and surprise. Every obstacle was swept away. He would be free. ' I agree to everything,' he declared. ' I shall have to take the dead girl's sister into my confidence,' went on Lady Margaret. ' I shall have to obtain her consent, perhaps buy her consent, but I will do it, I will do it ! Her name is Annette Bird, and I will speak to her afc once, Mr. Carleton.' Annetto was summoned, and she listened to tho strange request in amazed silcnce. ' It is only to humor the wishes^ of Miss Carleton,' she was assured ; ' it is only to rescue her from tho persecutions of a mad lover whom she fears.' Annette's eyes sparkled with cunning. ' If you say it is all righo, sir, and my lady I kn8w that it is so.' _ ' Miss Carleton will toll you so herself if you choose to ask her,' pursued Lady Mar garet. 'I am quite satisfied if you are, my lady. I □hall get my sister buried free of expense, and maybe a pound or two for myself. I want to get married, my lady. I've got a lino lover, a real gent ho is, my lady, only that we aro both poor. 'You shall bo married then, Annette,' smiled Lady Margaret. ' Say not ono word to anybody, not even to your lover, and whon you have done my bidding you shall have fifty pounds !' ' Thank you, my lady.' Annette's face was crimson with joyful ex citement. ? ' So I am to get the certificate made out in the name of Carleton,' she muttered, when she was alono. ' That will bo easy enough ; I can tell the doctor that she was supposed to have been married to a man of that name. Fifty pounds ! And there's more where that comes from, I'll be bound ! Dick shall havo his'tobacco shop in the town, whore he can make his bets up without being watched by the police. Dear Dick, how pleased he will be!' Amy was taken quietly away that night by the rector after a touching farewell between her and Lady Margaret. ' I shall never forget you, dear,' she said. ' And some day I hope you will come and see me, some day when the keen edge of my grief has worn away !' They went to St. Albans to the home of Amy's old school-mistress, and Mrs. Pago recieved her with open arms. ' So you have come back to me, my dear,' she said. ' Poor child ! How cruel it is for one so young to suffer as you have !' The rector explained a little to tho good lady, and the next morning took an affection ate leave of his neice. * * ?* * A few days later there was a quiet little funoral at Queenswood. It was reported that Miss Carleton had died at Seagirt, and that the body had been sent home in an elaborate casket, upon the lid of which were these words : ' Amy Carleton, aged twenty-one years.' The whole village turned out to see tlio funeral, amid universal grief, for Miss Carle ton had been beloved by all, for her sweet manners and charitable deeds. The afflicted rector resigned his office im mediately, and moved to a smaller house farther away from the village, but it was noticed that he remained upon good terms with. the lord of the manor, for his visits to Queenswood Hall were frequent. Another week passed, and a tablet appeared over the vault wherein the supposed remains of Miss Carleton reposed, and upon it these words were engraved : sacred to the memory of AMY CARLETON, Aged 21 years. Died December 12th, 18 — . CHAPTER YIL 'a happy Christmas!' It was snowing hard when the passengers of the City of Trinidad were landed at Liver pool, but among all the great crowd there was not one unhappy face. * The first officer was right when he said that they would reach the dock before noon, and he shook Cyril Leveson's hand heartily at parting. I hope that this will not be the last I shall hear of you, sir,' ho said. ' It is strange how people meet and become friends, and then just drift apart again.' ' Write down my address in your note book,' said Cyril. ' Queenswood Hall, Queenswood, Sussex.' ' Thank you,' Mr. Bingley smiled. ' I will send you mine later on. At present I have no permanent abode. I wish you luck, Mr. Leveson, and a merry Cnristmas.' 'I cannot do better than. repeat your well wishes,' Cyril replied, heartily. .' I do not see any one here to meet me, and take it that my cablegram miscarried. Good-by. ' Good-by, sir.' After his small quantity of luggage lhad been checked by the customs officer, he had it placed on a four-wheeled cab, and drove straight to tho Lime-street station. There seemed to have been little change during his absence of four years, but it was with a feeling of wild exhilaration that he once more trod the old familiar ways of the mazy railway station. ' When does the next train leave for Peter ham, Sussex ?' he demanced of the porter who ran forward to take charge of his luggage The same man had undertaken the same office for him many times before, and he did not appear to be a day older. The samo greasy corduroy suit, the same red nose and ob sequious smile. ' Two o'clock, sir. Change at Willesden. She gets in about six-thirty. A merry Christ mas, sir !' 'Thank you,' said Cyril. 'Take care of my luggage, and reserve for me a corner seat. It is one o'clock now. I will be on hand a quarter of an hour before the train starts.' He went to tho telegraph office, intending to send a message to his undo, Lord Queens wood, but changed his mind while in tho act of penning the missive. ' No,' he thought, ' I aim too anxious to bo bothered byany confounded and inquisitive Bor ants. I only hope that the earl has not arranged with the shipping agents to wire him when tho City of Trinidad arrives in port. Even if he has done that he will not know what train I am travelling by. I don't want to be bothered — no, I don't 'want to bo bothered; I .will hiro a carrage at Potherham, and drive to tho rector first. I wonder if my darling dreams that I am so near to her !' There was a big crowd everywhere, a, big, joyous crowd, and the thickly falling Bnow seemed to add to tho morrimont of cvorybody. It was seasonable weather, and there was ono constant cry on everybody's lips : 'A merry Christmas !' Would the Christmas be a merry one for him ? Suddenly a bright thought Btruck him, and ho smiled gleefully. Leaving the station, he walked with quick steps to the shop of a stationer, in whoso window there waB a great variety of Christ mas cards. 1 | Ho selected a winter scene— a beautiful old church, behind which the rising moon cast its beams on tho snow-covered earth. The bells wore ringing in tho ivied tower, and it was so like tho church at Queenswood that it might havo been a copy. Ho borrowed a pen from tho shopkeeper, and wrote : 'To my darling Amy, with fondest Christ mas wishes from Cyril.' Below this he penned a few verses, which had echoed in his soul for years' at Christmas time. How ofton had Amy repeated them ? ' I heard tho bells on Christmas Day Their old familiar carols p|a--,' And wild and sweet Tho words repeat, Of peace on earth, good will to men ! ' And thought how, bb the day had come, The belfries of all Christendom Had rolled along The unbroken song, Of peace on earth, good will to men 1 'That ringing, singing, on its way, The world revolved from night to day,' ^ : A voice, a chime, A cliant sublime, Of peace on earth, good will to men 1 'Then pealed Ihn bills moro loud and deep ; * God is not dead ; nor doth Ho sleep ; . The Wrong shall fail, The Right prevail, With peace on earth, good will to men !' ' He sealed the card in an-envelopo, and ad dressed it to 'Miss Amy Carlotou, The Rectory, Queenswood, Sussex.' Then he carried it to the post-office under the great ; hotel that fronts the Lime-street railway station. ' It will be a surprise for my darling on Christmas morning,' he thought. He looked at his watch. It only wanted twenty minutes to two, and he must take his seat early, or he might find himself squeezed out by the good- humoured mob. He provided himself with a bundle of books and papers afc Smith & Sons' bookstall, and was then piloted by the faithful porter along one of the central reaches of the platform to a comfortable seat. ' Luggage is in the van, sir,' the man said, touching his cap. 'Merry Christmas, sir!' Cyril gave him a crown. The usual ' tip' was rarely more than a shilling, but the fees are invariably doubled aud trebled at festive Christmas-time. The carriage was speedily filled, and the great engine uttered a prolonged shriek. The windows of the compartment were closod, foot warmers and wi'aps arranged, and the train smarted amid a pleasant flow of conversation. Cyril found that it was impossible to read, so he lent his books to a nervous old lady who Bat opposite to him, and whose mind was , ' evidently occupied with stories of all the awful collisions of the past few years. Gradually the , conversation ceased, and while several of his fellow-passengers dozed, Cyril Leveson was picturing his meeting with the sweet girl who was all the world to him. ' A merry Christmas !' bethought. 'Why this will be the happiest of my whole life !' The train thundered along until it reached Wigan. Here the old lady alighted, and everybody said good-by to her, and wished i her the compliments of the season. Off again through the blinding snow, and the party remained until tbey arrived at Willesden. Cyril left the train here, and the same good wishes followed him. From Willesden he had to go to Peterham by another train, and as every minute brought him nearer to his destination the blood danced through his veins like molten fire. Ho glanced at his watch again and again. The train was half an hour late. It crawled into Peterham at seven o'clock, and when he stepped on to the platform his senses reeled. How near was he to home now ? He could hardly bring himself to realize it. The past was an ugly dream, the year's of hopeless toil, the shipwreck, tho horrors of the sea, the voy age home, and now but an hour's journey from all that his heart held most dear ! An hour's journey ? It was eight miles, and the roads were none of the best. If the snow was deep he might find some difficulty in getting a driver willing to go so far on CliristmaB Eve. This thought hastened liig movements, and he saw his luggage lying in a pile on the platform and a porter gazing at it, curiously. 'Mr. Cyril,' said the man,- gleefully, 'back homo again, sir, after your furrin 1 travels. I see the labels on your luggage — askin' pardon. A morry Christmas to you !' ' Ha ! is it you, Binns ? If you wish me to have a merry Christmas, find a driver willing to take me to Queenswood to-night. -My uncle does not know that I am here, or a carriage would have been sont. Look sharp ! there's a good fellow. I don't care how much I pay ' for the accommodation.' The porter darted away aud soon had a vehicle at Cyril's disposal. 'It's Lord Queenswood's nephew,' he said. ' He'll be an earl himself some day. There'll be summat 'ansome for this.' The driver did not doubt it when he heard of Cyril's rank, and at Christmas- time, too ! ? ' It'll take me a couple of hours, 'sir,' he said. ' Maybe more, for the snow's beginnin' to drift, an' I leave the prico to you, sir.' ' Two hours !'' cried Cyril. ' Two hours ! Drive as fast as you can. It is past seven now !' ' Good-niglit, sir, an' a merry Christmas to you'' cried tho porter, as he. pocketed a shining coin. (To he continued.) 