WESTERN AUSTRALIA A CHAT. WITH ITS GOVERNOR. \----o--- HE EULOGISES FLEMIKNGTO\\. AND TALKS ABOUT TIIE WEST. Opportunity was taken of the pre sence in Melbourne of the Governor of West Australia, to obtain from Ii. Excellency his impressions of Victorias big racing carnival, and also of the Queen City generally, as this is his firet visit. Accordingly, a " Hlerall reporter called upon Sir Gerard Smith, at Government House. and having preferred his request, was most cour. teously received, " So far as the racing is concerned," said his Excellency " it is impossible for me to say how thoroughly I have enjoyed it. `" What impressed me most," con tinued Sir Gerard, " was the perfect manriner in which the arrangements for visitors are made at Flemington. It is a wonderful place. Everything seems so thoughtfully arranged, and there is so much liberal and far. seeing attention paid to patrons. By the way, would you do me the favor to mention that I am greatly indebted to the courtesy of Mr. Byron Moore. IIs showed me everything. and really, he seems an indefatigable gentleman, born to fill the position he occupies. How he manages to arrange things so admirably I really cannot make oat. I am tdld that one payment will admit a visitor to Flemington anywhere Ihe wishes to go. In England the patron of a racecourse is subjected to all sorts of petty restrictions, and ihas to pay, perhaps. half a dozen times to visit certain enclosures on the course he may wish to enter." " What do you think of the course itself ?" "' The course is the most perfect one Ihave ever seen anywhere in the world. Of course, as it is flat, it does not lend itself to the picturesque, like Epsom or Goodwood, but that disad vantage, if any, is amply compensated for by its splendid natural advan tages as a racecourse. No one could go to Flemington and not enjoy him. self." "` Then you enjoyed your Cup ex perience, Sir Gerard ?" " Oh, very much; but howv is it you have such different samples of climate here? Thursday (Oaks Day), was even more enjoyable to mue than Cup Day, but in the morning there was a dust storm, which prevented me seeing more than a few yards. We don't experience these sudden change, in the West. The horses I have seen running here I think are a fair class, but not quite so good as I axpected to see, always expecting to see easvlaven which I regard. as the horse of the century. For instance, there are say a dezen first-classborses at the meeting but. then, you will see large fields start in the big events, indifferent horses running. " The Herald" man carefully explain ed to His Excellency that there were dark rumors to the effect that some times outsiders, without a ghost of a show, faced the starter, out of consider ation for people who held them in monster "consurltations." "Oh, is that so 7 I never heard that explanation given before. It's a capi tal idea; a brilliant notion-for the parties who have drawn the horses in the sweeps. Coming to another question, when were all these magnificent warehouses built; Imealn tihe tall ones?" "Chiefly the boom time." "That reminds me." said His Excel lency, "that we are having something of a land boom, in a mild way, in West Australia. Some very lig prices are beicg given for allotments in P'erth, but the values, although high, are not exorbitant:" " What do you think about the pros pects of West Australia as a geld. producing colony ?" There is no mistake about tio future of the colony, or the permanency of its mines. It is possible we may undergo a temporary reaction in con sequence of the manner in which the place has been boomed of late: but solid prosperity is bound to come. There are the claims, and we kniow the width, depth and height of the gold bearing formations, and also what percentage of gold they will yield. Knowing this, any schoolboy could calculate the quantity of gold to be unearthed, and how long it will last. Kalgoorlie cannot be worked oat under twenty or twenty five years. And there are discoveries constantly beirrg made in other localities. The gold has come to stay, and don't you believe anyone who tells you otherwise. There are of course, some 'wild cat' mines, as you call them in the papers, which have beenfloated without beingexplored for gold and in which tire promoters have no intention of looking for gold, but there are plenty of'good elivideird paying mines in the 'Wlest. 