THE MASTER OF OLD COURT : T 'WaC; j-,r-3 OR. \ , FROM TREACHERY TO I " " TRUST. BY HEDLEY RICHARDS. Author of "Sentence Pronounced/' "A Welab rrinceas" "The Otnerod Mystery/' Etc., etc. I CHAPTER XIX. — (Continued.) I 7Jartha Gee continues her evidence:— "I. think every ,one-. present wlibre- meniber the murder of Captain Clifford <Joddard, .and thp disappearance of Phyllis Dlount. Gentlemen, I can ex plain that. Mr Martin 33arron met the gill, accidentally, 3 believe, in the dell, .and he was making love to her when Captain Goddard appeared. The. latter gave it to him hot, telling him that he would sep that.-fyis father, and sister, to Whom Mr Martin was engaged, knew of liis going « ton; and that lie should never marry. his, sister. "This talk enraged Mr Barron, and lie fired a. ntte pistol, which he was carry ing. at the captain. He'd put it in his pocket intending to do some target Shooling' in the grounds, but had saun tered on to the dell instead, knowing thai rhyllis Blount'was in the habit of fre'ucnlingfit. ; , "When Mr Barron fired the shot. Cap tain Godilarji fell on his face, and the girl srreamfejpuirully, and threw her self on the body- of the captain, who was her lover, embracing liim and vowing I vengeance on 'tils murderer. Between fear and rage, Mr Martin hardly knew | what he was doing, and he struck the ! girl :i blow which rendered her insen sible. Then he dragged the captain's Jjody into the wood, and having gagged Phyllis's mouth with lier own- handker chief. be took his and bound her feet tight, after which he carried her into the wood, where he laid her not; far from her dead lover. ! "Hi-4- first impulse, wasflight. buthehad little to expect- from that, as Phyllis Blount was sure , to recover and tell I jsriia: had passed. Still, he shrank from murdering her. He had shot the cap- tain in hot anger,, but he could not de- E Jiberately take her life. Then it occur- ! red to him that. a day . or two. might elapse before Captain Goddard's body was found, sb that' he would have time to move Phyllis Blount to a place of sa fety. But where could he hide her? Suddenly he remembered the room in the tower, which -was said to have been blocked up by his great grandfather be cause the servants refused to go into that j »art of the -house at night, as report aid that the tower was haunted. "Now the truth was :it had been par- tially blocked, but a sliding panel had been I-ft by which they could get access to the staircase. This fact, however.1 htd been kept a secret from all but m rubers of the family, and the servants j had nut any idea of its existence. This | room appeared, therefore, to be a secure hiding place, but he must have help to move her there. He at.-onqe thought of I my mother arid me. when lifting his eys he saw my mother coming along the path. "Gentlempn, he went back with her to our cottage, and my mother, who loved him ,ls though he was her own son, set her.' '.-.If to work to help him, and be- tw»xn them a plan' was formed which ended in Mr Martin going home to tell his father what he had done in his mad passion. J Then my mother gave me a bottle Containing some chloroform, which had been left' by a stranger who had lodged jttith us one summer. He was one of jthose gentlemen who are always trying experiments, and I'd seen him use It on a. dog and a cat. Well, my mother gave xne this bottle, and .she told me to go to the wood and place a handkerchief ,with some of it on against the girl's nose, and force her to inhale it. She would then be no trouble, and I was xo remain with her until help to mqve her came, which would not be until mid night. I did as I was told, for 3 had too much affection for Mr Martin to run the risk of him being hanged. It wouldn't; bring the captain back to life, nd as | for the' girl, she'd been a flighty sort of kiss/and I' "hadn't much pity for lior. So I was resolved to do my best lor the young master. "1 'cn.t to the wood .unobserved, but a shuddering took hold 'of me as I passed the dead body of Captain Goddard. Wh( :i 1 found Phyllis, who was a little distance further on, I saw thai she had revived, and' had nearly succeeded .in galling the bandages off her ankles. ,Then I forced lier to inhale the chloro form. and she lay as quiet and uncon scious as death. j 1 / ' , \ "For hours 1 sat "ljeslde her listening to «-vcry sound, but'tiie darkness came Od, :u:d no one cam? hear. I've a good J»rv.% but it took, it all to sit there with llie murdered ' mail's body suoli a little Way off, . £ ".Hj.st before one o'clock 3 heard foot- then a voice called 'Martha.' and j J answered. Then In a minute or two j fn.v mother appeared, .parrying a dark: luiU«3K wltiiniy cousija-Tom following. '"He was carrying- a -coffin, which he ; Jaiil on the grass, and 3 asked where lie , had 'got It.anAihat it .iv&s; for. " i got it out of , the workshop, and it ! !Wa made for1 StV\'e Horsfall; but I: reckon be won't get it now.' lie said, as ; be and my mother lifted the girl gently Into it " lou're not going to hurt her?' I said. 'Tut! D'ye think, you're 1 the .oifry one that s a heart layout body? We're only going to. carry her in it to Old Court . Place. Mr Martin has told his" Iath<j\ and the old gentleman has con-. Benti-d to her being hidden in the tower; but be s sent Mr Martin oft>and iiesavs J® he shall 'liQVer ei piis : foot -in .' the bouse agaln-ftfdloe-fcr; TJute've so t ime to Jose, as AU%d3arron is waiting mylnother. _ +hf# offirr Was shouldered toy 3oi»: and my mother, for she's as tall a lr»an/ Then ,T followed, taking care bot to leave any trace behind. It was a hight, and ,we crossed the fields with'dut meeting hnv ' one, and tered the park by the side gate, \- . ttfb5b6use the door was Jhlctly opened. ,Ilr, Barron had evi dently been walclilriglfor tfs, and he led he way to the tower chamber, where he coffin, with the poor girl, still uncon scious, lying in it, was laid on the SSi01'" « Then shutting the door which led to staircase, we all went down stairs. 1 iJn ®-chamher below wehaiLa long 'k. in which it was arranged that I .ehouid . morning apply, per- sonally to Mr Barron for a post as Geamstressft&ying; that iriy mother had ost some of ber savings. It would not Ppear strange to the housekeeper, as «y mother had always stood high in- Mr Owron's favor, and it was arranged ytet I should have the rooms at the oft the;, tower. Mr Darron ; then said we liad better go, as the girl would squire nothing that night, as we had placed both food and drink in her room. At the fuonjt door ha. paused, and look ed full -at irty mother, saying: 'Mrs Gee, we- are taking a -fearful risk to screen that unworthy son of mine. .1 don't know that we are doing, right to' screen liim at all, and I'm sure we're doing wrong to keep that poor girl a prisoner. far the lest of her life; .still - 1 cannot hand my son over to the hangman. Ail the same, I feel sure neither he nor us will go unpunished. May God deal lightly with you who are doing so much for one who is no kin to you.' "Then lie opened the door, and we passed, out; and no one in the house save 'Mr Barron knew anything of the poor girl in the tower. "The next day I applied for the post of seamstress, and Mr Barron told his housekeeper that he had decided to employ me. and 1 was to be allowed to choose -a couple or rooms. "I went hack home and fetched my box. Then I chose the two rooms at the foot of the tower chamber. Mr Barron had Showed me bow to work the spring, so that as soon as 1 was alone 3 opened the panel and ascended the staircase, being careful to close the panel after mo." , CHAPTER XX.— FURTHER DIS CLOSURES. "I shall never -forget the sight that met my eyes when J entered the room in the tower." continued Martha Gee, in her evidence before the coroner. "There was Phyllis dancing gaily round the room, humming a love-song. She seemed as gay as a bird, and look- d at me without any sign of recog nition. Too soon 1 discovered that she liad lost her reason. "1 suppose it was the shock of com ing round and finding herself in the cof fin that did it. In the hurry none of us liad thought of the harm it might do her. Poor thing, it was pitiful to sec her. and 1 vowed however long she was in my charge I would be kind to her. The next morning Mr Barron sent for me. and when 1 entered the library I saw that he had some fresh trouble in liand. " 'Martha what do you think that re probate son of mine h3R done to add to his iniquity?' he asked. " 'I don't know. sir. I hope it's no thing very bad.' 'VHc went red-handed, and persuaded Miss Agatha Goddard to elope with liim. While wo were doing our best to bide bis sin. he was on his way to London with her, and she is now his wife. I've half a mind to make a clean breast of it. he said, angrily. "I implored liim not to do so, saying it wouldn't bring the captain back to , life, and xvouid put a slur on his own " 'Xo, I won't say anything; hut, mark you. if Agatha Goddard ever finds It out. she'll never forgive him; and if Maud does. ' it ' will be worse. They come of.jan unforgiving race. "Time"' passed on. the captain was hurled, and Sir Charles died broken hearted, which added to Mr Barron's grief. Then my cousin Tom began to ask for money, and he became so ex tortionate that Mr Barron gave him a thousand pounds, and paid his passage to Australia; and since then he's had money sent to him, or he'd have come home, and told all about the murder. "The yiears went by, and Phyllis Blount never recovered her reason; and then, when/the old master died and Mr Martin took'his place, and married Miss Alice Sturt, thought that the future would, at any rate, be better than the past. "A nicer, gentler young lady than Mrs Martin parron never lived: but he took against her when he found that she didn't inherit - old Mr Sturt's money, and be tried to poison her- "Oh. gentlemen, when I found out what he was doing, it nearly broke my heart. J knew then as we'd better have let him .be punished for the crime he'd done. 'Getting off had just hardened liim to sin; but'T made up my mind that he shouldn't poison his young wife, so I told my mother, and we read a book as she had . on poisons, and the anti dotes. ..Then we got some stuff that was an antidote to what we thought he was giving her, and it did Mrs Bar ron a lot of good. "Now. gentlemen, comes the part of ray story which- will prove that Mrs! 35arron is as innocent as a babe of her husband's murder. For the last six months I've subject to epileptic fits. Tliay.come on .quite sudden, without warning, and several times I've been taken just as I've come down from the tower, before I'd time to close the panel;' and Phyllis has taken the chance to wander away. But the most singular part of It is that she has never been seen by anyone but Mrs Barron, who treated her with great kindness, and gave her little bits of finery. 1 had to make up a story to account for her pre sence in the house, and Mrs Barron pro mised not to mention her to anyone. Of course T didn't toll the mistress about the tower chamber. "On the night of the murtlar 1 had a fit. 1 must have fallen down just as I stepped through the aperture, and Phyl lis must have discovered as much. Any way, when 1 came round and went to the lower she was missing, so I went to Mrs Barron's roona. I knew Mr Barron al ways sat jii p. late; besides he had had a room iu the other wing for some time. My' reason for going to Mrs Barron's room was because I knew Phyllis bad a trick of going there and helping herself to the pretty things that were lying about. But Phyllis wasn't in the dres- slngroom, so I went into the bedroom, and she wasn't there; but my young mistress was sleeping as sweetly as a baby. I saw her as plainly as I see you. Then went out of the room and down stairs, feeling terribly frightened less Phyllis had got to the smokeroom, where I knew the master would be sit ting. and as the door was a bit open I knocked, then .went in, ami there, sure enough was the poor girl standing dazed like and-ks white as a ghost in front of Mr Martin, who I saw, had been foully murdered. "Gentlemen, Phyllis didn't do it. There wasn't a spot of blood on her — indeed, the sight of anything red always turned her awful. So'£hl££jjl£d Ifpr to the tower chamber, and , changed her clothes, I took her home, where 1 left her in the garden. "Since then I've found in the pocket of the dress Phyllis wore that night a scent bottle which belongs to Mrs Bar ron, and I have no doubt she took it and the handkerchief from my mistress's room before going downstairs, where she must have dropped the handker chief. "Gentlemen, this is the whole truth, so far as 1 know it; and I have told Vou so that I may save my mlstiess from an unjust suspicion— perhaps even worse," said Martha, as she sat down. "This Is a strange story, gentlemen, and I propose that we visit the tower chamber," said the coroner. The Jury agreed to this suggestion, so Martha was requested to lead the way, which she did, followed by the coroner, jury, police officers, and all who had heard the story. It was a comfortable room, but dull; .atlll there were signs that the girl's ti3<£' ft' iak (as fpSeeible. been WiisiafeAh.1'5'!-' ' ' Books of say colored pictures, aijd other trifles showed that Martha Gee had done her best to amuse her. "See, this la the coffin," and Martha raised a thick cushion, with a deep print valance, and showed them the coffin turned the wrong side up. "It doesn't make a bad settee, and it's no worse than a box when one gets used to the shape, and I tried to hide that as much as possible," she said; While the others were examining this, Superintendent ICitson was looking for the pistol, which Mrs Camithera had said would probably be hidden Jn that rr.om. After poking and prying about he discovered a little box. and lifting the ltd, he found it contained a small revol ver with the inilials "M.IJ." Slipping it into his pocket, he followed the others, who were beginning tq des cend the staircarc, and they all return ed to the dining-r.iom, when the coron er reviewed the evidence. It was de cided to adjourn the inquest until Tues day — it was then Friday, and the funer--| al was to take place on Monday. Of course. Martha Gee's- statement was the talk of the district— Indeed, of the whole country— hut Mrs Gee refused todiscuss it with anyone, shutting the lodge dnor against everyone, and say ing what she'd done she'd done for the best, and wasn't going to talk about it. As for Martha, she packed her box, In tending to go home, but Alice asked her to stay, so she remained and waitc-d on her young mistress, who was quite pros trate with tlic shock. Meanwhile. Mrs Carruthers and Grace discussed the crime, wondering who had killed Martin Barron. The faint suspicion which Grace had entertained of her companion had now vanished, and she was glad to see that when she alluded to the unhappy man there was loss bitterness in her tone, "It's a marvellous thing how Martin Barron's murder lias led to the truth being known about my poor cousin and 3'hyilis Blount.' said Sir Justin God dard. who had called at the Gables on the afternoon rf Martin Barron's fune ral. " How is that poor girl ?" inquired Grace. '"Very ill. 3t is brain fever. Dr. Gra- hatne hopes, however, that if she has strength to pull through that she will regain her reason." "Do you know that we are summon ed to attend the adjourned Inquest ?" said Grace. Sir Justin looked amazed. ' "Whatever can you know about the matter ?" he said, glancing from one to the other, and noticing how pale Grace had become. Mrs Carruthers turned to him. sav ing : \- "Sir Justin, will you come to the in quest? We do know something about the murder— not a guilty knowledge, but something— and we may be placed in an unpleasant position. A friend's pre sence would help us." "Then be sure 1 will come." "Thank you. 35ut you will do well to prepare for a startling revelation." lie lonked surprised, as he said : "Revelations just now seem to be the order of the day." Shortly aftsr this he took his depart ure, and Grace turned to her companion, saying : " I am afraid all will have to come out." "All about me— not necessarily about you. Take my advice, Grace, and do not say anything about your past life, for it will not be needful." " 1 hope not; but I am not so sure," was the reply, speken in a sorrowful tone. I Eleven o'clock the next morning was the time fixed for the inquest to be re sumed, and-at that hour the two ladies, accompanied by Sir Justin Goddard, took their places in the dining-room at Old Court Place. The first witness called was John Pur- vis. the groom at the Golden Lion. " Were you out on the night of the 7th ?" "Yes, sir ; my missis was ill, and I went to fetch the doctor." "Did yuu meet anyone on your way ?" " Yes. sir; 1 met Miss Sturt and her companion, Mrs Carruthers." "Where did you meet them ?" "Nigh the cliureh. They'd just turn ed the corner from the lane that runs alongside the park." "There is a gale into the park; a Utile beyond there, I think ?" said the coron- "Yes, sir; about a quarter of a mile beyond." "What lime was it when you met tliein ?" "About hair-past twelve, as near as I can tell." "Did they seem to wish to escape no tice ?" "Yes. sir; they hurried past me." "That will do/' and as he sat down. Mrs Carruthers was called, "Your full name, please ?" said the coroner. "Maude Goddard," was the calm re ply. Every eye was turned on her, and Sir Justin sprang to his feel, then recollec- , ted himself, and sat down, looking in- ; quiringly at Grace, who. with the ex- | ccption of Superintendent Kitson, was ! ibe only one unmoved. "The woman's mad!" exclaimed Mrs Sturt. "Please be quiet, madam," said the coroner. " Will you explain yourself, please ?" he added, turning to the wit ness. "What I said is quite true. I am known as Mrs Carruthers, but my real name is Maude Goddard. Superinten dent Kitson knows that it is a fact, and if you will excuse me for five mlnutas I will soon remove my disguise." The coroner intimated that he was willing, and she proceeded to one of the chambers, returning in a few minutes with a fair, though very pale skin, a crop of short, curly, golden hair, and without the disguising blue spectacles. As she entered the room, without either jacket or bonnet, all those who had known her in lier girlhood recognised the fair, proud face, which was so like her sister Agatha, the ill- fated wife of Martin Barron. Meanwhile Superintendent Kitson had corroborated her statement, and ex plained that she had given such evid ence regarding Captain Goddard's mur der, that he had come to arrest Martin Barron, when he found that he had in his turn met with a violent death. The recital had aroused great interest in the minds of those present, which was not diminished whet Maude Goddard again took her place facing the corrm- OHA3 T ER XXI.— THE VERDICT. "Is It true thai you were out at' mid night on the 7th inst. ?" asked the cor- onor. "Quite true." "Will you tell us where you had been ?" "3 had been here." "Were you alone ?" "I was alone in going. Miss Sturt returned with me." "Why did you come to Old Court Place at that hour ?" "I wanted to stop Miss Sturt giving Martin Barron the alarm, and so allow ing him to escape." "What made you thinlc she would do that ?" "Because I could see she did not ap prove of me handing him over to jus tice." "Did Miss Rturl know that you were MJsa Goddard ?" "Tcs; she had keen me once, as you see ine now.- and I was obliged to explain." "Did you meet Miss Sturt ?" "I saw her passing the front entrance. I had beard her leave the Gables, and fallowed, but as she did not know her way across the park, I reached the house first." "What time was it ?" "The clock on the stables was striking half-past 'eleven when 3 reached the front entrance/' "What did you do then ?" "I turned the corner to see if any of the- rooms were lighted. As I did so. I s-'aw a man 'golfig quickly across the lawn. Thinking it might be Martin J-arron, I fallowed, intending to give the alarm, and prevent his escape; but when 1 get a little nearer to him, 1 saw that he was both taller and stouter. So I turned back, and just as I reached the house I cainc upon Miss Slurb" "Which way did she come V" "Past the front entrance. She was gumi; towards a room from which' the light poured on to the lawn." "What happened then ?" "I tried to prevent her. I told her ihat she should net give him the alarm; that I would liaw him brought to justice. Eul she managed to break away from nje and reach the window." "What then said .the coroner. "She screamed aloud, and I ran to the window, and sow that Martin Barron" lav dead in his chajr, his clothes all co- \ered with blood." ' - "Why did you not rouse the house, and glv the- alarm ?'' "Miss Slurt wisher! me to «lo so. but I persuaded her not. I knew that it would be unpleasant for us to be found there at that hour." "About this man you saw. What was ho like ?" "I did not see him distinctly. The nioon was not visible until we had left the park, but, so far as I can tell, he was a very tall mar,, and decidedly broad- set. He gave me the Impression of be ing stout, and his walk was unsteady." "You say he was taJler than Mr Bar ron ?" "Yes." "Mr Barron was nearly six feet, so this stranger must have been very tall ?" re marked the coroner. "He was." "Thank you, Miss Goddard; you can sit down." Miss Sturt was then called, and she at once took, her place at the end of the table in front of the coroner. Her evi dence was in substance the same a that given by Maude Goddard. but there were two or three poin ts upon which she was cross-questioned. " Now, Miss Sturt, I should like to know whether you are quite certain that Miss Goddard did not leave the Gables before you ?" % "I am morally certain of that, but of course. J -didn't go to her room to see if Fhe'was there." "When she met you by. the house, did she seem excited'?"' "We were both excited ; in fact, we had a tussle. 1. wanted to get to the Toom'wlth the light tn it, and Miss God dard was determined I should not." "Why were- you so anxious that Mr Barron should elude justice ?" "Because I pitied hii:;. s believed from what I had heard that he was guilty, but I thought, and do think, it a terrible thing to hand a fellow-creature over to an ignominious death. Besides, I hoped he would repent." "1 suppose you didn't see any weapon near the window ?" "Oh. no. Indeedlneverthnughtof look ing. I forgot everything but the awful deed that had been done." "Did Miss Goddard tell you she had seen a man?" "Yes." "I suppose you didn't see him?" "No." "Thank you, Miss Sturt — that will do;" and Grace sat down. The coroner then began summing up, and he pointed out that, so far as was known, no one had been near the house at the time of the murder, save Miss Sturt and Miss Goddard. The former had no ill-feeling against the deceased — indeed, so far as they could gather, her sentiments were kindly, whereas Miss Goddard had a very bitter feeling against him. and It must not be for gotten that she reached the house be fore Miss Sturt. And, strange to say, the time of her arrival coincided with the hour at which death had taken place. (To be continued.) 