gold resources of victoria. MINING NEAR MELBOURNE. STEEL'S CREEK ALLUVIAL FIELD, Br Our Special Reporter. Evidence is not wanting tbat a gold field exists beneath the surface of greater Melbourne. In cutting down Flagstaff Hill many ycara ago gold was found in nn alluvial wash. A shaft sunk for the hydraulic plunger lift under tlio Australian-buildings, at the corner of Elizabeth- etrcet and Fiindors-lanc, passed through gold Iiearing wash with bod rock quartz leaders. Gold bearing wash was also found years ago in a brick pit nt Soutli Yarra. Whilo last week a discovery was made oil tho Toorak-road at Hartwell of a 3-inch leader, from which six pieces of stono allowing a fine Bamplc of gold were obtained. The alluvium at Rucker's Hill, Northcotc, has been proved to contain gold. Finally, the Government GcologiBt is of opinion that a deep lead comes down Dnrebin Creek, Bweeps into tho Yarra Bend, passes under Northcotc, where it is joined by another lead coming along the Mcrri Creek from Fentridgo, tlio conjoined leads passing thence under tho lowest point of Collingwood, Richmond and tlio Melbourne cricket ground, and coming out at Princes-bridgo. "All the geological conditions," Mr. Murray " point to tho existence cf a deep lead under the basalt on which Colling wood and Richmond rest; and I understand thnt years ago Sir Graham Berry waB interested in the sinking of a sliaft on Collingwood Hat which bottomed on wash, but there is 110 record' as to whether gold was obtained." "Wo also find that many years ago a reef 2 . feet thick, and yielding I oz. to the ton, was ' worked near Koonung Creek, six miles from the Yarra Bend, and Professor Selwyn, in his geo logical Burvey map of Victoria, bIiows a quartz reef 0110 milo and tlirco quarters south of Tern- ' jilostowe, with tho following noto thereon j Soma of tho quartz from this reef lias yielded . 30 oz. to tho ton at a depth of 150 feet, as also ' on the strike both north and south, tho quartz lias run out, a closo clay joint, containing noither ' gold nor antimony, being the only indication left of tho position of tho vein. The auriferous portions of tho vein havo contained large quan tities of sulphuret and oxide of antimony. Visitors to Ringwood cannot fuil to notice a lnino equipped with poppet heads aud engine near the railway line. It is tile site of a gold and antimony mino that was worked for years. ; Felsito porphyry dykes oxiBt in tho vicinity. Tnilrtflfl (UltfAriil uiioli iK'Iroa li&un; Iwnn iliurnuorml in this portiou of Warrandyte, tho whole of which is of upper Silurian formation, with tho exception of an ironstone and quartz conglomer ate deposit at Doncastcr, and alluvial deposits at Brushy Creek, Fern Tree Gully and around Croydon. It is nevertheless surprising how few data, official or otherwise, exist regarding tho extent of mining operations in the past within tho metropolitan area. Few people aro awaro that the first gold found in quartz in tho colony was , secured on tho Plenty River, near Greens- borough, aud that the oldest, alluvial diggings in Victoria exist along the course of Audorson's Orcok. Warrandyte lias been worked for gold bearing reefs for 20 years, and the Yow Yow Creek, near the township of Queenstown, had 25 years ago a population of 5000 diggers work ing oil ono of the richest alluvial leads in the colony. Diamond Creek in its tortuous course through ono of tlie finest fruit growing districts in the colony, lius been successfully worked for alluvial gold for 15 miles, while at Kinglako Mr. J. Grimsliaw is still working tlio alluvial there, and Iia3 obtained nearly 4000 oz. in the courso of nearly 30 'years work. Many years ago three Swedes made fortunes out of a reef on One Tree Hill, in whioh locality Joyce, Hopkinson and Henunis are getting flno yields at ' the present day, ami at Panton's Hill, reefs yield ing as high as 20 oz. to the ton were worked in the sixties. During the last three yeara £20,000 worth of gold has been bought by the store keepers and publicans of Yarra Glen from the ' miners working tho alluvial field on Steel's Creek, seven miles north of the township of . Yarra Glen. Many people will donbtloss learn with Bur priso that within tho parishes of Greens- . borough, Warrandyte, Nillumbik, Queens- town, Yeriug and Burgoyne, embracing nu area of 120 square miles, the furthest point of which is not more than 3S miles from tho General Post Office, a largo amount of mining, both nlluvinl and reefing, is being carried on at the present timo and with payable results. Tho minors at work on this large area were in tho past, as they aro now, men of small means, unablo for want of capital to systematically develop tho deop leads with pumping machinery, or go below the water level on tho numerous reefs which have been traced from the alluvial gullies into the hills. Tho result is that tho deop leads have not been touched and the quartz reefs have been merely scratched on tho surface. Such a thing as a shaft below tlio water level is not to be seen. Unfortunately, this neglect by capitalists of a most promising field was intensified by the manner in which sovcral public companios were bungled in past years. Tho average mining 1 speculator, and tlio minor also, has little faith in ventures near at hand. Distant hills are greenest, aud the further away a reef is, and the moro inaccessible the locality, the greater his faith. Throughout tho 150 square miles' of country extending from the Dividing Rango at Kinglake, on tlio north, to Oakleigh, on tho south, and from Yarra Glen, on tho east, to Greonsborough, on the west, tlio principal rooks are upper Silu rian, consisting of Bnhdstoncs, dark bluish-black slates, and occasionally hard bands of quartzito and diorite, which the municipalities use for road metal. The whole of this area is distinctly ; gold hearing, tho latest discovery at Black Flat Bhowing clearly that the gold bearing dykes found north of tho Yarra, ns far as Kinglako, exist also as far south as Oakleigli. A distinctive band of Bandstono 10 to 20 feet wide has been traced from tho Yarra to Diamond Greek, and is bolicved to bo the anticlinal axis in tho strata. This bar is intersected by small spurs and vciiiB of a dioritio character— always a sure sign of tho presence of gold — whilst in . places tho diorite dykos aro travorsod by veins and leaders of quartz. Hear ing tho township of Kingston, closo to Panton's Hill, small bodies of stono have been found having tho nppearanco of legs, whioli woro auriferous on tlio Burfuco but became im poverished in depth. It is a noteworthy cir cumstance that tho stono cast of this sandstone band is richer than that on tho west, whilst tlio gullies and creeks crossed by the band are richer on tho south side of it than on tho north. There is a granitic area first discovered outcropping in a branch gully from Yow Yow Creek. The effect of tho intrusion of tho granite upon tho Silurian beds has been to harden them, as well as alter the strike of tho strata, and somotimes to dislocate it altogether. Around this particular district antimony is associated with tho gold to such an extent that it iB dillicuit to separate it, hence 15 to 20 per cent, of gold is lost through the defective appli ances used. There is an opening here for tlio scientist to show tho puzzled miners around tho Quocnstown and-Ono Trco Hill districts how to prevent the quicksilver in a battery being "sickened " by contact with antimony. A noteworthy eireumstanco is tho fact that tho dyke formations around tho Reedy Creek district, on tho north sido of the Dividing Range, are repeated with remarkable similarity over and over again in the Kinglake, Queens- town, Ono Treo Hill and Diamond Creek dis tricts, on the south of tho rango, lienco there is iio reason why tho consistent yields from tho llaody Creek mines for the last 15 yeara should not bo equalled south of tlio mountain harrier whicli separates the waters of the River Yarra from tlioso of tho River Goulburn. That this is not nn over sanguine estimate is indicated by the following brief notes iBsucd by Mr. James Stirling, assistant Government geologist, in connection with the rapid surveys issued laBt year by tho Mining department : — Panton's Hill Line, near Kingston. — Reef 7 incheB wide, worked to 270 feet, lost through being cut oif by a fault bearing east. Tlio malinger of tho property drove a crosscut 300 foot westerly, failing to cut the line. It is apparent that this was an error of judgment, as both from surface and underground indications tho reef has been thrown to tlio east. Shaft and workings still in fair condition. Last yield, 20 oz. to the ten. Prospecting further north on this line also gavo good prospoots, but the . roof lias apparently been affected along the whole course by tlio fault mentioned. Carter's Rkrf, 20 chains south-east of King ston. — Evidently a spur striking into Ponton's Hill. Stono about 5 inches. Thrco crusbingB gavo 10 oz., 3 oz. and 7 02. to tho ton. Boomer's Rerk, near Long Gull. — AVorked to 40 feet ; prospects at surface 10 02. to tho ton. Gold run out suddenly. Prospects left in stono 0 dwt. to the ton. lias not boon worked for 10 years. Locally tho lino is thought a good deal of. Jinny Linn and Another. — Theso two lines aro in close proximity. Stone 0 to 10 inches. Has not boon worked /or some years. Prospects believed locally to bo about 15 dwt. to ton. Eastern Star, Qucenstown.— -Being worked by local syndicate. Prospects of 4 02. at tho surface, Present depth, 350 foot. Last crush ing, 6 dwt. Presents many indications of being a leg from a saddle reef. Stono 5 inches, with large percentage of iron. An excellent locality for prospecting will bo found upon tho ridge dividing AYihl Dog and Black Cnlf Creeks, nt nbout 10 oliains or less from the grnnito intrusion. Several small leaders have been discovered in a body of looso clay which lias slipped from tho higher levels, ore giving 4 02. to tho ton. A mistako made at this locality by prospectors has been cast and west trenching, while tho strike of the rocks is in an almost similar direction. Dykes (diorite). — One Trco Hill' Dyko: Probably overage 4 feet. A small body of stono was worked between the dyke and the sandstone wall (without, however, the prospectors being aware that it was a dyke), but at that timo was not considered payable. Computed tho stono will averago 11 dwt. por ton. Diamond Creek Dykes.—' Two dykes in close proximity to each other are found crossing Diamond Creek, and contain some nice looking quarts veins, but have not been prospected. riVo alluvial leads come down the slope of the hill, very close to, if not on the line of, the dykes. They are known to bo payable, but being on private property have not been worked. One of the best nlluvial proiqiects obtained in Diamond Crook waa got just below the lino of tho easterly dyke, 14 02, being obtained in one pocket. The above is merely a briof record of two out : of a doEon different places, some of which were scratched by tho minor many years ngo, and . others being worked in an equally primitive manner at the present day. "AYhere is Stool's Creek?" asked a Mel bourne mining speculator a few months ago, when approached by tlio leader of a co-operative party of miners with a request to assist them with n littlo capital to put up a steam winch . and Tangyes' pump, to enable them to operate on an alluvial lead from which seven men in a week's work got 7 02. of gold by treating tho wash in a trough made out of a hollow tree. Tho speculator could see no good in a venturo only 38 miles from Mel bourne, and would not even spend a day in personally inquiring into its 6ona Jidcs. For tunately a promiuent Melbourne sewerago con tractor was more approachable, and will most likely get good interest on bis investment in the ' course of a few weeks. As a result of a visit to tho field last week I was able to glean nv/.ww uuuiiuauuji ui uuu past. uiKuuiy ut spteui h Creek, and to sco tho extent of the mining operations now being carried on. Tho creek takes its rise in tho southern slope of the Divid ing Eango which separates tho waters of tho ' Yarra nnd Goulhurn rivers. The range, as well as the numerous spurs running oil from it, liavo ' shed their gold into tho creek. Nearly 30 years ago gold was first found near tho head of the creek, and for years the lead was followed along its course until it died oiit at a point where tho stream debouched on to a flat. Another creek half a mile west, and known as tho Full and Plenty, was tried, and also proved very rich. Tho lead y hero also disap peared as tho ereek reached tlio flat, and this coincidence was regarded as absolute proof that tho leads did not go through the flats. Attention was therefore) directed to Ghost Guliy, Spirit Gully and Trap Creek, which also emptied into the plateau, and they all gavo ex cellent results. It waB only when they wero worked out that some miners determined to givo the flat a thorough trial, and aftor months of futile labor succeeded in again picking up the lead. This was three years ago. Since then tho whole flat has been turned over, as many as 300 men being at work atone timo, and at. present about 00 aro at work. It was provod incontestably that tho lead followed tho western bank of Steel's Creek on its way to the River Yarra. Immediately, however, tho lead loft the flat and went into the narrow valley through which Steel's Creek flows the sinking deeponod from 35 feet to 50 foot and sometimes to 00 feet, whilst tho water became so heavy as to beat the bucket and windlass. Tho position of affairs, therefore, now is that although the averaging sinking iB about 55 feet, it is necessary to employ a small steam winch and pump that will throw from 500 to 800 gal lons of water an hour. The Foster co-oporntivo party, under tho direotion of Mr. E. Hayes, bottomed on the wash 3 feet thick at 00 feet, and got the excellent yield of 7 oz. for a week's work by seven men. They have now erected a 0 h.p. steam winch and Tangyes' pump, and aro erecting a puddling machine to supplant the old trough system of treating tho wash. An eastern drive was' put in 32 feet on the wnBh, and it is expected another 50 feet will havo to be driven to get across tho gutter, but it is not known how far tho lead goes to the west. The gold is coarse, of a darkish color, water worn, and in pieces ranging up to 3 dwt. Curiously enough a number of quartz leaders . rise up from the bed rock a few inches nnd run across the wasti, thus acting as natural ripples in catching tlio gold. In tho next paddock, . known as Friar's, bores put down 12 months ago bottomed on gold bearing wash, but nothing further waB done by the party that did tlio work owing to want of capital. Tho next paddock, owned by Mr. Jonathan Scott, lias /beon leased to Borne Chinamen, who discovered tho lead at 45 feet with tho hid of li Tiffin augur got from tho Mining department, and aro preparing to sink and erect machinery, tho gold ' prospect warranting tlio expenditure. The next claim south is tho Steel's Valley co-opera tive party. Eighteen months ago it bottomed on tho wash at 44 feetj and in six Bets obtained 7 oz. Unfortunatoly tho shaft was not in tho deep ground, and tho engine and steam pump going wrong, the water rose, and tho workings collapsed about a fort night ago. EfTortB are now being made to form a new company and to sink a shaft in the deep ground. Tho next paddock, owned by Mr. It. Eluck, is intersected by the lead, and negotia tions aro pending with a party of men to lease the ground. That the lead lias not been properly tested below the flat is shown hy the fact that only . two shafts hupo licen sunk in a distance of four miles, and yet throughout that length bores have proved tho cxistenco of gold-bearing wash. On the flat tho lead is 200 feet wide, hut where tlio creek gets into tho narrow valley it is only 70 feet wido. lJctwccn tho lost claim and tho River Yarro at Yarra Glen, Stoel's Crook runs three miles, and there is no reason why tho lead should not run the whole of that distanco into : tho glen. Not much attention has been devoted to reefing, but recently soveral email reefs, carry ing excollent samples of gold, havo been dis covered in the Hides of the hills cast and west of Trap Creek. At tho head of tho Full nnd l'lonty Creek the Great Ulowliard Company is . opening up a reef that averaged 2 oz. years ago, hut was abandoned for laok of funds. Samples taken from the reef early this year gave an average of 8 oz. to tlio ton. It is proposed to . drive a tunnel at tlio bottom of tlio hill, whioh will givo 350 feet of backs on the stono. Years ago tho Napoleon Company on the noxt spur got 3$ oz. to the ton, and tlio Hidden Treasure crushed 15 oz. from a leader . 1J inches tliiok. A reef 1 foot thick was worked on tlio next spur hy the All Nations Company, but operations ceased, it is believed, through bad management. On Saturday I was prosont when Mr. M. Collier, the storekeeper on Steel's Creok, was busy buying gold from the miners. Ho showed me his hooks, which accounted for the purohnso . of £12,000 worth of gold in tho past thrco . years, and said that about £8900 worth was bought by other storekeepers in Yarra Glen, so tlmt tho respcctablo total of . £20,000 worth of gold was won by a small com munity of whoso operations probably not ono man in 100 in Melbourne lmd tho smallest knowledge. Tho discovery of gold at lllack Flat, near Oaklcigh, by Mr. Phillip Holland and liis two Bonn lends additional interest to the mining activity in close proximity to Melbourne. For months puBt Mr. Holland nnd his Bona have keen trains in different places to And tho gold bear- 'ng stono known to exist in tho neighborhood, liecnuoo piccos of atono showing, gold wcjro picked .up on. tho road.' V; The stono' could; not havo been brought thero as road metal, Aral, because it is too soft, and 'oadnd,' lieoausd tho roads are liictalled with stono from ..a lVatd diorite dyko opened up by: the Oakleigh shire council, a milo to the north. A shaft was sunk on the footpath, about 50 yards from tho road. It followed down somo loaders whioh inclined out of the shaft to the south. At 20 feet a drive was put in, nnd ii decomposed diorite dyko 10 feet wide, with threads of qunrtz running through it was intersected. A ton of qunrtz was picked out and treated at tho metallurgical works of McsBr3. A. Fnrkornnd Company, Foots- cray. The yield was ooz. 2divt. 2 gr. A winze was sunk 20 foot on the southern wall of tho dyke, which runs enst and west, when it pinched in to nbout 4 feet 0 inches, whilst, the leaders bccnino hunched together, nnd changed from white to ironstninod qunrtz, the oxide of iron also making tho intervening dyko material look more decomposed. Tho prospect is a moBt encouraging one, as it is quite possible that when tho hard diorito country is reached the small leaders may make into a good body of stone. Even tlio decomposed ilyko material carries gold, a dishful on being panned oil showing half a dozen colors of fine gold. It is important to note tlio intrusion of tlio hard diorito formation a mile to the north, whence tile road metal is obtained. Its strike is directly in the course of Mr. Holland's discovery, so that important developments may tako place where the two bodies meet. 'Whore- ever these eruptive dykes occur it is well to follow them along for new makes of Btone, and it is just possible that tho Oakleigh Bhiro coun cil quarry may yet lead to an important quartz development. 