WEST AUSTRALIAN TURF CLUB. NEW YEAR'S MEETING. -2 SECOND DAY THURSDAY. RAILWAY STAKES DAY. It is unusual that there is two consecutive days' racing for the West Australian Turf Club New Year's meeting, but the experiment was tried this year. After the sweltering time experienced by the officers on the first day, the a band day proved rather a trial, and it is most probable at least a day will an Greene in future between the race days. The heat was again trying, but a moderate season tended to make the atmosphere a little was e bearable than on the first day. The attendance was not so large by at least one half as on the first day, but those present were even more speculative, as tbetotolioator reunite showed. The vice-regal of party were not present on this occasion, but there was alargennmbsr of Perth's leading ladies and gentlemen in attendance. As a rule the second day has its surprises, and yesterday was no exception to that rule, as there was a great slaughter of the favourites In only ' two cases did the e 631 of the public catch the judge's eye at the head of the fi and, consequently some really good dividends were standards the All Aged Stakes, Carbonate paid ¿¡63,10*** twine at the rate of 62 J to 1, odds that B'gbt fairly make one's month water. Astras the hoisting of the winning number s was received with an ominous silence, but in the case of Dryden, although not a popular favorite for the Railway Stakes, the owner; Mr A. Forrest, was a popular man, and received a romping cheer from the spectators. when his jockey had weighed in. The Canning Turf Club Machine on the outside, with a ten shilling limit for investments, seemed 12 be the most popular of the day, a large number of people gravitating to there from the grandstand reserve. The beat odds of the day, however, were paid on the inside machines. The flat was not nearly so well populated as on the first day, but still the crowd was sufficient to kef p the booths well engaged. There were no limits? at all in the amusing, and though one or two protests were entered they were not of a serious character. The racing, so far as the finishes were concerned, was more interesting than on the first day. The totalisators were efficiently worked, although it was stated that in regard to one of the Flat machines the stale fraud of present -? regards ticket with the winning number was perpetrated at the expense of the proprietors. The racing commenced with the Metropolitan Hurdles, which was generally regarded as a safe thing for Snapshot in his Cup running. Bob Howie, the celebrated Victorian jockey, however, upset the pet on Moonlight. He drove the Sunny Days' gelding to the front with such artistic skill -that the old horse never ran better, and 2, obtained such a lead that it looked impossible for the others to catch him. Snapshot essayed the task, but the ran up to the leader took so snub 'out of him that he was fairly beaten by a length at the finish. The Railway Stakes, which was the second beat prize of the meeting, naturally attracted keen speculation. Prince Charlie and Florrie were -the most farmed for the race, and Dunrobin and Lochinvar were also heavily backed, but Mr. Forrest's horse, Dryden, was in a good winning humour, and, after carrying the field along, won fairly easily from Florrie, while Sunbeam, as in the Cup, came with a good late run, finishing almost abreast of Harrie. Prince Charlie, one of the favourites, was fourth. In the All-Aged Stakes the greatest surprise of. the day happened, Mr Towton's two-year-old filly, it was generally thought, would do the trick, but the fact that Florrie was also running caused backers to waver in their allegiance between the two. Dryden was also in the race, and Lord Hope a likely looking short distance horse. Florrie cat into the running in a brilliant fashion, but had to cry enough at the turn, when Tapean took as the running. The two-year-olds looked a good thing for the race, but at Itfc'e distance Carbonate came' with a great run, and won handsomely. A protest was lodged against the winner for bumping Miss' Boolka, but as it appeared to be an accident it was withdrawn. In the City Parse The Mat quiet and Will-o' the-Wisp were ins most fancied, but Aileen, who was well ridden by Gregory, came exactly when she was wanted, and beat the two greys, Hamp ton ?SySimroalL, who had ran very gamely. Will-o'-the-Wisp and Marquis were decidedly out of the race. The West Australian Darby is generally a race. which is very much a foregone conclusion, and the same was the coasting year. "The best three-year-old of the poison is usually known before the event, and the fact that only three,, started ghotf!"ïtïint'*'the" classical -race- is not a strong feature in the colony. Inverary and Ella, bred on the other side, and Tareena, fronTWäit'Aastralia's present c Tam pion sire, Tremando, were the competitors. " The Cup winner left the others not the ghost of a chattel, as, going to the front, he easily maintained his lead to the finish, the case altogether being a hollow one. The Epsom Handicap, which' concluded the day's racing, afforded one of the best finishes of the day. Yapeen, as usual, made the running into the straight, and was taking matters easy, her jockey looking round and smiling on the outside norton, when Gregory, on Lord Hope, cane with a great rush on the inside and nearly caught her napping ; as it was, there was a desperate finish, and Tapean won by half a head. Forward ran a good third. Appended are the results : Jhb Hubbe. A handicap of 70 Sovs. ; Second horse to receive 10 sovs. of the stake. About two miles and one furlong. '- Mr. J. Eoan^y'a Moonlight. 10st., (Howie) 1 Mr. G. A. Towton's Snap shot, -list. 5lb. (Malone). ... 2 Mr. M. Locke's Gold and Black, 11st. 4lb. (Pullen) 3 "Messrs Gull Bros'. Hero, 10st. 10lb. (O'Mara) "to 35s. Stephen's Glentromie, 9st (G. Roberts) 0 Mr. Darlot Bent the field away to a gig ' start, Bob Howie taking the best advantage he could, by jumping straight away, with Gold and Black as his nearest companion. Hero and Snapshot followed, and Glentromie last. Coming away from the cutting M >on^ I light was ahead several If north?, with Gold and Black behind and was shot as attendant The first jump was negotiated by Mount gb', two lengths ahead of his field, and the others followed safely over, Glentromie bangles The grandstand jump was taken by K on light three or four lengths ahead of the others, with Gold and Black and Snapshot in close attendance. Moonlight still layette field, and as the bore a came out of the cutting Howie was seen leading by about 11 or twelve lengths. Then Snapshot and Gold and Black set sail after Moonlight, and a great race was ran. Bat Howie knew too much for the others and held his home safely. Malone had the whip on Snapshot, and the gallant iron grey struggled hard to wrest the victory, but it was of no avail, for Howie only had to shake up Moonlight and he won by nearly two lengths from Snapshot, Gold and Black being three lengths behind him Hero and Glentromie a long distance away. Time 4min. 12sec. Dividends: £8 14s. inside £3 13s. and £3 10s. outside. The Railway Stakes handicap of 200 SOVS. ; 175 BOYS. of the said sum to go to the first horse, 25 sovs. to the second horse. One mile and a quarter. Mr. A. Forrest's br h Dryden, 8st. 7lb. (Hutchens) 3 Mr. G. A. Towton's ch m Florrie 8st 4lb. (Cartwright's Messrs. Criddle and MaPherson'sSudboam, 7st. 7lb. (Power) 3 The other starters were-Carbonate, 9st. ; Roberts, 8st. 7lb. ; Prince Charlie, 8d. ; Dunrobin, 7st. 10lb. ; Lockevill), 7st. 4lb.; Skylight, 7st. 2lb. ; Lochinvar, 6st. 8lb. ; Fidelity. 6st. 7lb. ; Primrose, 6st. 7lb. The field were sent away in a bunch, Carbonate being the first to lead. At the furlong -post Ljokinvar took matters in hand and led, closely followed by Dryden. At the cutting Dryden trapper seated Lochinvar, with Primrose, Sunbeam, and Carbonate as attendants. Florrie came up at the back of the hill and challenged Dryden. Primrose here showed signs of distress and fell back beaten. Prince Chat he came with a rush, but it was of no avail. In the straight Dryden had it all his own way, although, Florrie made a grand struggle. Sunbeam made a shot out and came very strong, but it was too late, for Dryden galloped in a winner, very closely attends d by Florrie, with Sunbeam third and Prince Charlie fourth. Roburite was last. Time, 2min. 10sec. Dividends : 44 10s. inside ; £10 Is. and £7 Sa. outside. All Aged Stakes -Of 60 sovs. For two year-olds and upwards. Weight for age. Seven furlongs. Mr. W. B. Wood's Carbonate, 8st. 11lb. (Gregory) .... ... 1 Mr. G. A.- Towton's Tapean, 6st. 5lb. (Trewarths).2 Mr. A. Forrest's Dryden, 9st. (Hutchins) 3 The other starters were Miss Boolka, 8st. 10lb ; Florrie, 8st. 111. ; Star, 8st. 11lb.; Lord Hope, 8st 13th. A fair start sent the field away, with Miss Boolka to shew first. Florrie and Dryden were in close att dance while coming out of the cutting. At the half mile post Tap-an challenged the leaders and, led along the turn. Then Florrie took the pride of position, with Tapean and Miss Boolka close up. As the field entered the straight Carbonate came in with a rush and a shout went up that he was winning. Whips were going and a ding dong race ensued, but Carbonate came with a very strong rush, and just wrested the race from Tapean by a short head Dryden being third. Lord Hope was fourth, and tried to make a rush, but it was of no avail. Gregory rode an excellent, race on Carbonate, and showed remarkable judgment in the finish he made. Time, 1min. 32 4 5th sec. Dividend: Inside, £63 10s.; outside, t £14 and £14, 11s. The City Pub series 70 sovs. Sailing race. If entered to be sold v for, £50, weight for age, and for every 15 reduction in price an allowance of 7lb. to be made Surplus to go to the club. Seven furlongs. Mr. Naylor's b m Aiheii (236), 7st. 12lbs., (Gregory) 1 Mr. Firebrace's g g Hampton (C £20), 7st. 4lb. (Trewartha) ., 2 Mr. W. Wood's g g Nimrod H. (2620), 7st. 4lb. (O'Meara's 3 The other starters were Will-o'-the-Wisp, 7st. 8lb. ; Marquis, 7st. 4lb. ; Medina, 7at. and Dora, 6st. 10lb. Hampton was first to get on his feet and started at a good pace. He held his own till the six furlong post was passed, then N mod II, came up and the field was all of a bunch. At the half-mile post Hampton Was still leading, with Nimrod II. in close attendance, and WiU-'ojtteJosïL third. As the turn was being made -Aileen came with a rush' and challenged the leader, who at once so numbed. Aileen led into the straight full of 'running and won by a length from Hampton, with Nimrod II. a good third, Dora fourth, and Will-'o-the-Wi'p fifth. Time, 1min. 34 4-5th sec. Dividends : Inside, 214 9s. ; outside., £6 Is, and £5 2s. .'? The Debt Of 75 sovs. For three-year > olds; colts 8st. 10H>,'fillies and geldings 8st. 5lb. (imported geldings excluded); of One mile and a half. Mr. Moran's b o Inverary, 8st. 10lb. (TrewartUa). Mr. E. Roberts' b f Tareena, 8st. 5lb. (Cartwright) ... ,' ..- . 2 Mr. Leader's b f Ella, 8st. 5lb. (Spencer) 3 The race was all over from the start, for Inverary jumped away and kept this position from start to finish. Passing the grand- stand he was lengths ahead of the other two, with Tareena and Ella following. At the half-mile post Ella went ahead of Tareena, but could not reach the favourite. Passing the cutting Ella carne on even terms with Inverary, but it was only for" a moment, for he shook her off easily, and led' into the straight full of ma- ning. Tareena here came up, and set sail to catch the favourites. Both horses were under the whip, but it was of no earthly use, for Inverary treated them with contempt, and without the necessity of whip or spur cantered past the judge's box an easy winner, with Tareena next, and Ella third. Time, 2min. 46sec. Dividends : Inside, 25s. ; outside, 15s. and 13s. ¡ Epsom Handicap Of 60 viva. Six furlongs. Mr. G. A. Towton's b f Tapean (Cart- wright) 1 Mr. Naylor's ch g Lord Hope (Gregory),.. 2 Mr. P. Connelly's b g Forward (Melbun) 3 The other starters were: Skylight, Ulti- mare, Seabreeze. Fidelity, and Roburite. A bad start left Ultimare standing at the nest and the field twenty to thirty lengths ahead, with Fidelity and Tapean leading. The gallant little filly; nothing daunted, set sail and caught up to the field. Then as they came into the turn, led by Tapean, Bbn challenged the leader. As the straight was entered Cartwright, on Tapean, held his field too cheap, and looked round. Just then Lord Hope came like a shot out of a gun, and a neck and neck race ensued. Amid great excitement and ones of "Tapean wins!" and " Lord Hope wins !" the judge's box was passed by the two horses running locked together. The judge, however, gave it in favour of Tapean, as he had won by the shortest of beads. Gregory rode a slashing race on Lord Hope and came from the inside with a i then did run and nearly won. The day's racing, there fere, concluded with one of the most exe ring contests ever seen on the course. Time, 1min. liHaeo. Div deeds : Inside, £2 11s. ; outside, 24s. and 26s. 