A DROPPER AWI ITS DON~ She was charmlng-quite. Every one said so, even hier future mother-in-law. "She might have been created expressly for Wcraysbury," declared that fastidi ous lady. "She has looks, manners, money--all ose could wish fat'. Who was she?" in ansa'er to the inquiry made by en intimate and obviously envious friend. "M~ydear Julia! what canthat signify? Don't we all know that the pre sent generation stands on its own merits? It doesn't trade on the reflected glory of the past. Mrs Cow~ley's merits are suflelcent luckily to atone for any shortcomings in her family, w'ho, by the way, are all either ssfe underground or on the other side of the Atlantic." Lady Camberw~ell forced a sosile. As the sister, wife, andl mother of three as arrant scoundrels as ever disgraced their ancient name and their order, she fully appreciated the foregroing speech. "There, is no doubt, I suppose, about the money?" she asked. "M~rs Cowley's dresses, her jewels, her establishment. give the appearance of wealth, but then appearances are so often deceptive." "So like Julia! relittlingr and pickisg holes to the last." reflected ber com panion. "Not to this case," she observed with quiet triumph. "I tooke the precau tion of sending a trustwortby messenger Cc' San Francisco to make enquiries, with most satisfactory results. I have a copy of the late Mr Cowley's will, by which he leaves his immense fortune ab solutely and entirely to his wife." "MIost satisfactory," murmured the other, looking anytbing but satisfied. "And whet does Nora Wynne say to it WVasn't there something between her and Wraysbury last season? I al ways thought so." So had a good many other people, old Lady Wraysbury among them, notwvith standing her energetic denial of the fact. "Not at all," sbe protested. "W~reys bury was civil; no more. lie is th~e last man, I assure you, to be caught by Miss Wynne or any other damsel with apretty face and an Inviting manner, who choose to throw herself at his head." All the seine, Lord Wraysbury had undoubtedly paid Miss Wynne marked attention the previous season, let the dowfager say what she would. Where fore much surprise wras expressed by the house party gathered at the Court in N'ovember, to make acquaintance with his lordship's financese nd shoot his pheasants, ' at the presence of his old fl~ameamong them. "Personally. I should have stayed away," said little Mrs Manvers; "but if I had come, I should have carried It off better. Nora is perfectly ridiculous pos ing as a lovelorn damsel, and ovearing her broken heart upon her sleeve." "ft's not her brokten heart, but her empty pocket that troubles her," de clareda~nother. "Think howv horribly broke the Wynnes are, and how a rich husband teould set them all on their legs again!" "Precisely." chimed in a third. "' I know, too, for a fact that Ametie has dressed that girl for years on the strength of her marrying well, Amelie, it strikes me, will be getting tired 01 waiting for her money." "Poor girl! I really felt for her disap pointment, when I saw those jewels lest night," resumed Mrs Manvers, " Think what she missed! One always knew the W~reysbury diamonds were something" very special, but that cross! that neck; lace i and the ruby star !-I never sawv anything so superb!" So they were, and valuable enough to deserve more care than their happy-gro luckry maser hadl seen fit to give them. For, Mc's Cow~ley having expressedl a wish to see the famous heirlooms which were so soon to adorn hier, her lover had fetched them himself from the bank, handed them about among his guests the previous eveningrand finally Inckted them aa~-y in an inner drawer of a cabinet in the library. It was all very well to pooh pooh the possibility of theft, and to de clare that, since he had fetbhed them himself,' and no one, not even a servant, knewv of the presence in the house, they were as safe as 'In the strong-room of the bank. As Lady W~raysbury pointedl out, jewels of such value, safe or not, ought not to be left in a drawer, the ktey of which was notoriously to be found any where but in its owner's safe keeping, end which, as a matter of fact, he found the very next day on his dressing-table on his meturn from shooting. "Curious, very!" he said to himself. "I could havze smmorn I put the thing in my pocket this morning. I won't tell the mothem', to set her croaking. 'All the same, perhaps I had better take a look at the jewels." He attempted to do so after dinner. But what was this? The drawer was empty! Tmpossible, yet a fact. The jew-els were gone. Stolen, of course. And by whom? No burglat-. The draw~er had not beenforced. This was no case of orgranised theft. Some one. aw~are of the presence of time jewels, had found the kceys lying about, and had been unable to resist temptation. But who? A servant? hardly. Things do get about, of course. M~istr·esses talk to thleir maids. It might be a servant and if not a servant, a guest then? Oh, incredible! Lord Wraysbury, a kindly, credulous fellow, refused to contemplate suchl a contingency. The jewels, h~owever, were gone, andi it was necessary for him to takte steps for their recovery. After despatching at wire to Scotland Yard, he assembled his whole household, guests, sel~vants, and all, informed them of the loss he had sustained, begged them to look; care fully to the safety of their' own pr~o perty. and do all in their power to facili tate the detection of the thief, for which purpose he was forced to say chat no one would lie permitted to leav~e the Isouse. until the arr~ival of the police. At the same time, he begged that all w~ould refrain from discussion of the deplorable affair, and that the progr1amme ar tanged for the next dlay - namely·, the shooting of the coverts round the house \--might be carried out. Ife concluded with the hope that the jevels might still be restored and nothing more said about them, for which P~urpose, 55 ho explained, looking all the time as ashamed as if he had been time veritable thief himself, the library would be left lighted up and the cabinet unlocked~ dur ing the night. As it happned, everybody was r~eady enough to'looke after his or lier valu ables. Nobody invnted either to leave the Court--nobody, that is, but ~.oma *'T~ynne. who, it appeared, had intended to go to London for the day on some business or other, and was strangely indignant at her unjustifiablo deccttion. For the rest. Lord WVraysbury's request for silence proved as fat lie as did Kiing Cenute's far-fanied command to the waves. Of course everybody talked, and of nothing but the robbery. Having ex-hausted themselves In strictures on the careless - nay, criminal - f~olly of their host, they turned to speculation as to the thief. N~ow who-what was it first suggested Nora, Wynne as the possible culprit? WVas it Lady W~raysbury inl her Intense hostility to the girl, or Mrls Cowvley, whlo chanced to remind some one that M~iss. WVynne. under the 'plea of headache. had spent the afterpoon alone In the library, thBb 'ther tadieb of the party, with the excdeptionof Mrs Cow~ley and Lady Wraysbury having all gone out to lunch and walk with the guns? Or was, it Nora herself, and the fuss she made about going to town, and the mystery there was over her business there? At all events, her name was mentioned, all the more freely because, in a fit of temper, she went off early to -her room, declaring she was sick of-the affair, and would not listen, to another word about it. The field being free and open, stones were promptly flung at her. For. being p;oor, proud, pretty, independent, with ways and ideas which were not the ways and ideas of her set, Nora Wynne had never achieved popularity with her own sex. And so now first one point and then another was scored against her. She had been heard to say that she would sell her soul for diamonds, that she was at her wits' end how to pay her bills, with other speeches all pointing, as did her low spirits and harassed air, to urgent, desperate need for money. What more likely than that, stumbling upon Lord -Wraysbury's keys - for who knew where he had left them?-knowing the whereabouts of the jewels, the tempta tion of such a fortune within her reach was too much for her? She pleaded a headache, stayed at home, and when once the coast was clear, when Lady Wraysbury and her - prospective daughter-in-law set out on their drive, carried out her purpose. "In that case she will replace the jewels, and we shall hear no more about it," was the general opinion. The Jewels, however, were not re placed, and with breathless interest the advent of the police was awaited. "We shall see when the Scotland Yard man comes." they all said. But they saw nothing. A thorough search was made; rooms were ransacked, questions asked, with no result, except the removal of all restraint on the movements of the inmates of the .Court. As the detective in charge of the case pointed out, the thief had had plenty of time to hide the jewels. Time, careful watching, and plenty of rope-for amateurs always give themselves away in trying to dis pose of stolen property-were all that was needed. For the rest. he had his suspicions, as he admitted, but at so early a stage preferred to keep them to himself. Others, unfortunately, did not emulate his reticence. Lady Wrays bury, for instance, who from the first had formed her opinion-a most decided one-on the affair, did not hesitate to proclaim it aloud. "The thing is as plain as the nose upon one's face," she declared; "Nora Wynne -a girl who is capable of anything took the jewels. If I were Wraysbury, I shouldn't hesitate to apply fdr a war rant against her." This speech might not affect 'her son, but it did the object of it, to whose ears it came. Miss Wynne not unnaturally resented it bitterly, held a lively pas sage at arms with her hostess, forth with packed up her boxes, and departed. Thereupon Lord Wraysbury took upon himself to animadvert in no measured terms to his mother on the gratuitous insult offered by her to his guest. A serious breach between mother and son was only averted by Mrs Cowley. who, with admirable tact, contrived at last to smooth both down. What a paragon of cleverness and amiability did Mrs Cow ley prove herself at this juncture! How unwearied her exertions, how infinite her resources, in dispelling the prevailing depression ! Undoubtedly she saved the party. It was she who controlled, led, and animated the conversation, who proposed those tableaux for the Friday evening, the preparations for which proved so welcome a distraction, and who checked by her cheerily-determined attitude a dangerous and growing in clination towards flight and a premature dispersal of Lord Wraysbury's guests. An admirable woman indeed! What a sensation, too, she created when, on day, she appeared at the meet of the Grasstone Hounds! Here was a Diana! A perfect seat, a perfect figure, a per feet horsewoman! Little Mrs Sparking ton alone ventured on a criticism of the heroine of the day. "She can sit on," observed that lady, "that's plain enough, and her habit is a masterpiece ; but can she get over a country. Because nerve and seat are all very well-essentials, in fact-but one must know how to use them. People who fancy that they can keep in front with the Grasstone simply because they don't funk or cut voluntaries are apt to come to grief. tWe'll reserve our rap tures, I think, till we see where the lady comes in at the end of a gallop." "What an envious, carping little cat!" commented her hearers. Very likely. Yet was there not a cer tain measure of truth in her words? For, when a fine fox elected to go away straight across Halesham Vale,as trappy a country as ever brought man and horse to grief, Mrs Cowley proceeded to demonstrate how futile-nay, dangerous, \--is valor untempered with knowledge and discretion. Did she lose her head in the excitement of the moment, was she trying to show off, or merely ignor ant of the first principles of cross-coun try riding, that when helter-skelter the field made for a handy gate, or for the two or three practicable places in that thick big fence at the outset, she ram med her horse right at the biggest and thickest part of it? Thanks to her light weight, and to the fact that the bay she. rode was fresh and worth every penny of the three hundred guineas Lord Wraysbury had given for him, she did get over. What was more she gained a splendid start, which for a time she kept, riding resolutely on the tail of the hounds - mercifully, with a burning scent, she could not override them-up hill, down bill, through plough, over ridge and furrow, driving the good little bay hard, never easing or sparing him for a moment. Now, a racing forty minutes in the Halesham Vale is calcu lated under any circumstances to try the speed and endurance of the best horse ever foaled. As it was, it soon be came plain that neither Mrs Cowley nor her mount would see the end of this capital spin. The bay, who was pretty well blown, had pecked badly at one fence, had carried away half another, and now, when confronted with a strag gling hedge guarded on the far side by a rail and a ditch, he simply crashed half through, half over the hedge, breasted the rail. and turned a somersault into the next field. Lord Wraysbury, who had been too far away to bheck the headlong career, yet quite near enough to witness the fall, dashed up to find his fiancee half in and half out of the ditch, pinned down un der her horse's quarters. How alone, \--without -a soul in sight-for hounds had taken a sudden turn to the left away from them-was he to get her out? Ter ror must have given him the strength opf ten men, for somehow he did manage to drag her clear. There she lay. torn, dishevelled, covered with mud-a de plorable object, unconscious, too; per haps dead. Ah, no-merciful Heaven! -not that. Hlie flung himself down by her side. See there, on her neck, where her scarf had been dragged awry, a brilliant spot of color- blood? He tore away the folds of linen-blood? Not a bit of It. From the torn corner of a square piece of thick stuff which she wore under her habit covering her neck and shoulders, there protruded a ruby star-the ruby star, in fact-that most celebrated of the celebrated Wraysbury heirlooms ! 'A day, indeed, of adventure, agitation and surprise for the Court. First, the arrival of Mrs Cowley, shaken, bruised from head to foot, barely conscious, with her habit t~early torn off her back, yet happily without serious injury to life or limb. No soonerw~as she safely settled in bed than In came Lord WTrays bury, lookcing like a ghost-no wonder at tei the fright his fiancee had given him--to announce the discovery of the jewels; He had feund them himself in his own cash-box, in his own bedroom, of all places. "Either I never put them in the cabi net at all, or I changed them to the cash-box, and forget wvhat I. had done," he said, apologising for the unnecessary scare he hod raised. WNas ever a lamer story' heard? "Either ho and everyone of us must have -been mad or drunk when we saw him lock away the jewels, or else he w~alked in his sleep," they all said. Never mind: he had regained his pro perty, even if he had lest his bride. For later the newspapers recorded the bald fact that the marriage between Lord W'raysbury and Mrs Cowley would not take place. Andwhy not, pray? Ah, thaf no one could tell. - The lady had returned to America, and the gentleman had gone to South Africa on a six months' shooting tour. For the rest, someone did start not long ago IS. story of an extraordinary likeness between MIrs Cowley and that notorious Cathe rine Coles, a prominent memnber or a gang of clever swindlers recently brought to justice in New York. A most misleading likeness, since ev~ery body-kcnows that the wealthy San Fran-* ciscan widow~, not long after her return to her own country, espoused a second millionaire. That the M~rs Cowley of San Fran elate mnay not he the MIrs Cowley who so nearly became an Englrish peeress is an idea. wffich, so far, seems to have en tered nobody's head, except perhaps Lord~ WrayLsbury's. and he has kiept it to hlimseelf Whlat does it signify - to hint after all? Does he not assure himself and his friends with perfect sincerity that he is the happiest man alive in that he has persuaded M~iss W~ynne at last to become his w-ife?- 'The W~orld." - 