MINING- AND FINANCE. YESTERDAY'S STOCK AND SHARE QUOTATIONS. ADYICE TO INVESTORS. OUK LETTER BOX. Tf» rORRKSPONDENTS. TXettora must reach us, addressed to tue Alining Kaitor, before Friday. No aoCioe is taken of anonymous correspondence. 3 ?pj£. (Albury).— Ghost's GuHy— pretty name, isn't it? — is at Steele's Creek, and i'n its shaft, which is about 60ft degj, some leaders carrying gold have been found. Jtjhior. — 1. 'We think Ivanhoes will see £20. 2. Buy Lady Brasseys and Outward iiound, advertised olsewhere. We confidently recommend them. Cozco (Wyong). — 1. We don't know the mine Tjell enough to say it is a good one. -? Wo should not pay the calls ; in fact, you cau do much better j with your money. Our correspondent adds: I 'Sorry I did not meet with you valuable paper six . months ago.' Apparently he has only just woke up. A.B.C. (B.ithurst).— The North Hercules Erten- ] ded is a first-rate property, aud we advise you to buy the shares. Novice (Willoughby). — Hold. They will come when deeper sinking is done. Spec (AshfieldJ.— I. The Mar i tan a is absolutely sold, but when a settlement will take place we can not say. 2. 'Yes, certainly, hold Mount Charlotte Centrals and North Centrals. 3. Glad you KOt Ore Recoverys. 4. Crown Curtin and Davis is^uii oscellent venture. 5. You can already make a fine profit ou your No. 1 Curtin and Davia. They were cold in Melbourne during the past week at £2? 10s, tint will go higher. . ? Dixie. — We feel sure Ore Becovery will go better, what is to stop them ? G.T. (Petersham). — 'You will do well to buy Ore Bocovorys, and (2) we recommend Mr. Wahlberg, of Hunter- street (whose advertisement appears elsewhere) as a reliable broker. 3. 100 shares. 4. Brokerage, 2d per shafce. Renewal. — 1. Mount Malcolms are as good ana cheap a Westraliau stock as we can recommend you. 2. It is a Sydney company. 3. If you had watched our columns you would have seen that we have never failed to recommend Crcesus Extended even when all the wise-acres thought we were mad to do so. We have also continually praised Mount Malcolms, and again gay they should be bought Novice (Drummoyno). — As you want a slow but pretty sure mining aifair, you might just as well buy into the All Nations, which, if not brilliant, is, we fancy, good, enough. If, however, you want to make money quickly, take some Queensland Jffenzies, or Ivanhoes, or Block 45, even at their present prices. Our correspondent adds: 'Last October 1 bought some Croesus Ertendeds, as you strongly recommended them, and have held them right through until now, in spite of the Sydney mid-weekly paper's complimentary remarks re a certain ' Sundaj paper.' When the shares got to Sd I thought my spec looked pretty bad, but you advised me to hold, and I am very glad I did so, for I sold on Tuesday morning last at 4a 3d. At the same time that I bought you were advising Block 45, Montana North, Crcesu-s Extended, Mount Char lotte Central, all of which I notice have had sub stantial rices, so that I for one should place the greatest confidence iu yonr advice.' 2. The brokerage is correctly charged, but is a great deal too high. Prbdssci:. — Dear lady, do take our advice and leave miniirg nione. 1. We think they are right. 2\. We are not too sweet on the Tasmanian stock, and in our poor opinion Broken Hill Ore Recoverys will rise, but they may not, and then you would lose your money. 3. Mount Malcolm should rise quickly, and so we think they will. But, again, we Bitty be wrong, therefore with your small capital you had far better leave the whole thing alone. Eu kekjl. — 1. Y es, we think Ore liecoverys will certainly rise. 2. Hannan's East are good to buy. 3\. Central Lyells are as right as rain, and so are Monnt Malcolms. 4. The three Bendijjo stocks Earned ore right enough, but may be slow. Navt Cut. — 1. We don't know it. 2. The Lady Brassey is a good mine, and out of it several thousand pounds worth of silver were got. When it comes on the market take as many shares as you can get. H.K TT. (Newcastle).— As to the mine named, while we say nothing against it, we may also say that we think there are plenty of other things witii better prospects before them, and would recom mend our correspondent to get hold of some Lady Hrasseye and Outward Bound, which is ad vertised elsewhere, aud whose shares will be at a premium within the next three or four diys. Speculator iMorpeth). — South Stars are Al. Why don't you try Queensland Menzies? You will never regret buyinu them. C-Jo-jee. — You may safely buy Queen Margarets, a really good miue, the shares of which are re markably well held. Ibtebksted. — 1. The last reports from the Big HiU, it Bateman's Bay, are remarkably good. The 8 tone is making iu the bottom of the shaft, is nicely mineralised, and carries good gold, llecent developments to to show that the shareholders have got a really good thing. 2. You can't do better than buy Lady Brasseys in r a fine rise. Old PiBitAiiATTA. — 1. We should decidedly not sell North Centrals ; any moment they may take a tig bound. 2. We should not. buy. C.B. — 1. You are pretty safe in buying almost any of the Curtin and Davis ventures now on the market, and we think the Crown is n good enough mine with a fair prospect. 2. The Junction Con solidated may have hung lire a little, because the Adelaide people, who are largely interested in it, have more than they can do iu dealing in Westra lian ventures, but that it will 'come' all right is undoubted, so hold your 500 shares. You might buy Lady Brasseys. See advertisement. J.B. (Marrickville). — 1. Hold Broken Hill Souths. 2\. More than probable. 3. We fancy it was 28s a share. G.F.A. — The Araluen Gold Sluicing Company is a email aifair of only 48 shares of £59 each. Its pro perty consists of a large area of auriferous ground at Araluen, about cMX-OfC long by 200uft wide. They have only recestly commenced to get gold, and are doing remarkably well, having obtained as much as lS^oz for one day's work and l !oz for another day's ?working, with one box only. This is^ going to be ono of the best alluvial mines in New South Wales, and it is next to impossible to buy the shares except at fancy prices. B. (Newcastle) writes thanking us for infor mation supplied which has enabled him, amongst other things, to make a profit of 50 per cent out of Crcesus Extendeds. Replying to B's questions we say : 1. Hold Ore Becoverys, there have lately been some buying orders in from Adelaide, and we heard ou Saturday that the scrip was scarce. 2. A good cheap stock to buy is Lady Brassey and Outward Bound if he can get in. The advt. of this company appears elsewhere. L.D.: Of course you can buy Mount Malcolm. What are you thinking about ? , Wtokg. — 1. We have not a very high opinion of it, but think it may turn out well. 2. Cannot recommend this mine. 3. Decline to advise. Bkllkvci:. — We have lately heard a less favorable opinion expressed about this mine. 2. We are glad you have done well on our advice, and re gardingthe Slug Hill Consols call, there is no obliga tion ou the secretary's part to send notice. Does not the scrip say that calls are due every mouth ? We think very highly of these Slug Hill Consols. X.Y.Z. — Buy A. J.S. Bank share's now. C.Q.E. — Buy Mount Malcolms. Loco. — 1. Yon should have asked our advice before buying and then we should have enjoined caution. We should advise your writing to the secretary to ask him how it is gef ting on. 2. A. No Liability Company, and couseqi jently there is no liability. Glad you have done well on our recom mendations ; you should buy some Lady Brasseys. StD. — Don't buy. We don't like them, or the peoplo in them. G.J. (Pyrmont). — 1. We don't care much about it, indeed we have less opinion now concerning it than we had last week. 2. It is by no means too late to buy Mount Kalcolms. Suppose they jump, w'here would you be ? Beef (Grenfell). — We are of opinion that both 1 and 2 are good to keep, but if you must needs sell one or other, we think you should part with No. 1. 3\. The company is defunct. ^ G. M ? n. — 1. Eighty-five per cent, of the appli cations for shares in the General Gordon have been allotted, and they are worth 10s premium. 2. We don't know what the resulc was in the other. Sbndat Times Admirer. — A lady who selects such a nice pen-uame, and who writes so pleasant a letter must herself be charming, and we hasten therefore to say that having come by the Strezleclti Colliery shares in the way she mentions we think she should hold them. The balance-sheet is not a remarkably brilliant one, but the prospects before the company warrant'us in thinking that the shares will go higher. They are getting about 100 tons out per week now, but will do better later ou. — Much obliged for your kind remarks, and we are-glad to.hear of your successes. We like North Hercules Exteuded and Bambow and Moun tain Maid, and you can with safety buy Lady Brasseys. A really good mine. E.T.L.— 1. All the shares of the Eainbow and Mountain Maid are allotted, and the reason they are Is 4d is that the public, gu ded, perhaps, by a knowledge of the intrinsic merits of the mine, desire to buy the shares, a course (2) we strongly advise. 3. Hannan's East is a good mine, but we cannot draw a distinction — which might be looked upon as invidious — between it aud Hannan's Rewnrd North. 4. Hannan's East shares are certainly good to buy. Our correspondent adds that he held some Hannan's Beward North, aud intended selling them nt 10s, but owing to the information he received from us he held on aud got 15s 3d for them. P.A.fcT. — 1. Ye3, buy South Comets. 2. We don't know enough to advise you. Vic. and H.M. — Seeanswer to 'National.' ' Office Boy. — Should have nothing to do with mining. P.T.B. — 1. Kalgoorlie's are a very strong coming stock. We have every reason to believe that they will advance quickly. They aro ntiw'~worth about 17s fid. 2. Queensland Meuzies, at present market prices, are a safe rise, as good a thing as we Know. i*.-J*lock 45 will, iu our opinion, go higher. For low-priced stocks see answer to ' National.' FitlQHTEiJKD. — 1. We cannot tell you the cause for the delay iu working the North Central Mine, but we know the directors are now anxious to press forward rapidly. A man who has but a small sum ?U) risk, should never go into minim;, and one who becomes frightened should leave all kinds of specu lation alone. 2. If we held the shares wo should not sell, still they may come lower before they advance. A.B.Z. — We have looked through the Tasmanian journals, but cannot find the mine mentioned. Is it an old mine which has perhaps been abandoned or absorbed by some other ? If you send further particulars will try to help you. P. aud M. — We wish you would write on one side of the paper only. National. — 1. Mount Malcolms are good to buy. 2\. Other low-priced stocks which we recommend are : Ore Becovery 2s 3d, Hannan's Ehst about. is 9d, Southern Boulders 2s 6d, M'Phersou's Beward 4s Gd, Lady Sherry East. 3s 6d, M'Clay's Welcome 4s, Maritana Extended, Mount Charlotte Central, Crcesus Exteuded, and, if you want a very cheap stock, certain to rise quickly, lotus strongly advise you to buy some Lady Brasseys, the shares of which will undoubtedly be at a premium in a day or two. Q. — 1. Yes; Queen Margarets are good to buy. Will auswer the remaining questions next week. Constant Reader (Harris Park). — We are afraid we can't help you, and you seem to know quite enough of the mine to enable you to judge of its merits, which from your own account are evident enough. H.W. — In our opinion Mount Margaret shares should be bought and held. Alice. — vVe don't care so much nbout it as we did, and would recommend your getting rid of them, but do not blame us if we are wrong. No. 18.1 (Singleton). — You can't do better than buy Lady UruBsey shares. They are offered at Is, and will go quickly to a nice premium. These low priced Barrier mines, in which good silver is known to exist, aro coming to the fore with certainty and rapidity. . Buy them now, therefore, and recollect how we promised our readers a line jirotlc on Junctions North when they were at three or four shillings, and to-day they are worth nearly forty I 