COt â>j)bnrp iBomfhff Straft. FRIDAY, MAROS 20, 1690. Tho New York Herald states that the Venezuelan Commission appointed by President Cleveland considers that tho British claim to tho disputed territory between British Guiana and Venezuela is untenable It is expected that a bluo book on the subject will bo issued this week. The British Minister at 'Washington has tele- graphed to tho British- Government that the Venezuelan Minister of Foreign Affairs has agreed to consider the Turnan incident as outside the general question regarding the boundary. In accordanoo with the orders o( the Italian Oommander-in-Cliief in Abyssinia, the non-oom batants at Kassala, whioh was reported to bo sur- rounded by dervishes, had left the town. The Commandant hopes that the Italian garri- son will bo able to hold out until July. Reports received from Matnowah atato that the dervishes ore within two hours' maroh of Eassala, andaré awaiting the arrival of Osman,Digna's forces before attacking tho town. The Shoans have stopped egress from Adigrat, whioh is held by the Italians. I Alexander I., King of Serrla, has been be trothcd to Frineeas Mario Madeleine, eldest daughter of tbo King of Greece. Tho bill introdueod into tbo Hongo of Commons making it compulsory to label foreign and colo- nial meat and cheese to indicate tho port whonoo tho produce cams has been road the second timo by a majority of 127. In commenting on tho measnro tho Times ex- presses tho opinion that it will not provont fraud, though tho machinery of tho bul would prove expensive Tho Emperor of Germany and King Humbert of Italy will shortly meet at Venice. H.M.S. Dido, while being launohod at tho «hip building yard« nt Govan, on the Olydo, struck on the ways and canted over. Sho lies half immersed, but it is hoped that tiio vossol will bo successfully launohod during tho first «pring tides. The Powers forming tho Triplo AUianco hnvo consented to tho cost of tho expedition to the Upper Nilo being defrayed from the Egyptian reservo fund. Yesterday tho Tinus published a tologram from Egypt stating that thero is reason to believe tint Knssala was ovneuated by the Italian garrison on Saturday last. If tho report should bo confirmed it will, tho Times say«, entirely alter tho Italian situation. Tho évacuation of tho town would, tho journal continues, rcnot seriously upon Egypt, while the Nilo Valley and Suasiu would bo threatened. It is Britain's duty, the Times adds, to próvido against tho threatened mischief. On Wednesday the Kliodivo held a farewell review of tho troops forming the expedition. Ho is sending hi« own enmel corps. The Cologne Gauttf, a leading German news- paper, expresses strong approval of tho oxpedi tion. I Mr. R. W. Smalley, the New York corre- spondent of the Times, telegraphs that the United State* Government is convinced that Britain is fulfilling her mission in Egypt. Tho French Government has exploinod that the official note calling attontion to the gravity of tho resulta which might bo oxpeotod to arise from tho advance of tho expedition referred to tho financial aepcot of the question. Franco desired to maintain friendly relations with England. Tho Frenoh Minister for Foroigu Affairs has had an interview with the British Ambassador in Paris. It was of a cordial enturo. The losses occasioned by the robollion in Cuba last year aro stated to have amounted approxi- mately to £27,000,000. Stanbury, tho champion soulier of the world, will leave Sydney on Saturday next for London. His race with the English champion, Harding, for the world's championship is to take placo on. the Thames on 13th July. Yesterday a deputation of unemployed presented to tho Minister for Labour and Industry certain resolutions that had been passed at tho Statue Mr. Garrard, in reply, «aid that thero were still a few Government works to bo let, and ho would urge expedition in getting them out. The schooner John Bell has gone on the rooks off Capo Terawhiti, N.Z., and is likely to become a total wrook. Her crow landed safely. Yesterday tho fourth annual show of the Nepoan Distriot Agricultural, Horticultural, and Industrial Sooicty was commenced at Penrith. It will bo formally opened by the Premier to-day. On Wednesday evening tho Hone. J. H. Young and Sydney Smith wero banqueted at Wingham. Tho party loft at midnight for Sydney. Early yesterday afternoon tho R.M.S. Hima- laya arrived at Albany from London, vin ports. Tho Produce Export Department of South Aus- tralia despatched to London botwecn 1st January, 1895, and 12th February, 1806, butter, wine, frozen moat, and other produoo to tho total valuo of £(¡3,342. By tho sudden flooding of tho shaft of the Now Chum mino, at Mount Magnet, W.A., three mon, William Campbell, Arthur Daniels, und Roger Cook, wero drowned. Heavy min caused tho water to como down the gully uko a wave Last evening the first of tho series of competi- tions in musio and oloontioD, in counootion with tho United Juvenile Toropcrnnco Festival, was held in the Protestant Hall, tho Hon. Jacob Garrard presiding. Tho ontries for tho different sections include upwards of CO competitors. Alderman William Taylor, of Rookdalo, has boon elected to servo on tho Metropolitan Firo Brigados Board as tho representativo of tho sub- urban municipalities. At tho quarterly communication of tho United Grand Lodge of Viotoria, whioh was held on Monday night, his Excollenoy tho Governor of Victoria was elected as M.W.G.M. Last evening tho annual meeting of the Insti- tute of Bankers of New South Wales was hold, and Colonel Boll dolivored a lootnre on the " Bril* of Economie VagaricR." A oonforence between the Acting Government Statistician and municipal council clerk« was held last evening to consider tho question of municipal financo. At tho London wool sales on Wednesday n medium selection was offerod, and business was very »otivo. The market continued very firm on Thursday, and will probably romnin BO till tho oloso of tho sales. A steady business was done in tho Stook and Share market yesterday, prioes being gonerally about the same a« on Wednesday, except in one or two instances, where tho prices wero higher. Business in tho Import market yesterday was very alack, but woolpacks continued to move off freely, and there was a litüo doing in fonoiug wire. At Darling Harbour yesterday 170 balos_ of wool were manifested, 228 bales arrived ooastwiso, rind 33 wero recoived by rail at Nowcastlo on Wednesday. In tho Mining morket ycslerday thero was an eager demand for South Mount Lyell shares, which sold at irregular price« at a good advance. Broken Hill Proprietary, Junction, and Junotion North wero oaeier, but Block 10 and Block 14 wero stronger. The Customs reyonuo received yesterday amounted to £489S._ Speaking on the quofttion of federation the other evening in Brisbane, the At- torney-General of Queensland adopted a tone with whioh we hove only been too familiar in the past in connection with this important subject. It is that tono of uncertainty whioh is more to be deprecated than avowed oppo- sition, because it seems to Imply a desire to keep in touoh with both sides of tho issue at once. Older and more experi- enced politicians than Mr. BYRNES havo tried this delicate experiment before, and not many of them have succooded. One is not bound to be a federalist, of courso, and Dublio men in any of the colonies who are * so far oat of the current of opinion and evolution as to hold reactionary opinion» on this national Australiau gueatim «. «o**» m Obligation to conceal their views. Wo are getting rapidly OB towards the timo, if wo havo not already teaohed it, when a politioian of any aspirations or position is either frankly a Federalist or not, and tho publie mind is growing markedly impatient of tho attitndo of those who approve of the name but aro opposed to tho practical opera- tion of tho thing. Mr. BYRNES'S remarks on Monday evening suggest some such contradictory and ingeniously contortional attitudo as this. " On the general prin- ciple thoy could all agreo," he is reported to havo said, and forthwith went on to raise difficulties of such an elementary nnturo as to suggest to any thoughtful critio, either that this was a mero elec- tioneering phroso, or that ho had not given the subject that mature consideration which its treatment at the hands of re- sponsible politicians demands. Mr. BYRNES thinks that undor a federal system the trade of Brisbane might gravitate to Sydney, re- ducing his own port to tho grade of Graf- ton. " In dofenco they were one, but in no other phase of federation," ho proceeded to say ; and while professing himself a f edoralist in principle, he declared himself a provinoialist in practice by puttiug the " interests of this particular city " before any of the larger questions tho Fedoral ido» involves. Thore is nothing new in this line of argument, but wo had begun to hope that tho tone of publio discussion in all the colonies was getting past it. Mr. BYRNES'S trouble Beems to bo a Northern ooho of tho complaint heard from Victoria when we abrogated our proteotivo tariff, and brought freetrado back again. With Sydney a free port, it was said, the com- merce of Eastern Australia would gravitate to this city as its central depot, and tho interests of other ports would cor- respondingly suffer. But surely Now South Walos is not to bo hold blamable for that. We merely go baok to our old policy, which is only ono of removing barriors after all. The oaso is not what it might bo if wo transgressed by imposing now restrictions. Wo have simply oponed our doors to trade, and it is in the power of all the other colonios to do the same if they caro to follow that oxamplo. If freetrado givos such advan- tages to Sydney as to raako all the rest of Australia onvious thoro is no reason iu the world to provont those othor colonies or any one of thom from imitating so advantageous a policy. But thoro aro such things as geographical position and natural advantages to bo considered, and it is difficult to see how the most rigid pro- vincialism or tho most restrictive proteotion can alter those. So far as position is con- cerned, wo are hore so placed as to com- mand oxcoptional facilities for distribution throughout tho Eastern colonies. The harbour of Sydnoy offors inducements in theso days of largo steamors which cannot be afiooted much by the tariffs of other places. Thore is a growing tendenoy all over the world to build largo vessels and berth thom in spaoious and safe harbours ; and whether in England-whoro the Thames, Liverpool, and Glasgow havo driven onco flourishing seaports liko Hull and Bristol into the seoond and third placos-or in Australia, whoro tho quo3tion is now raised, the tendency will bo to follow tho faoilitios oiforod by good harbours, eífioiont distri- butivo ngoncios, and, wo may add, froo ports. Should Queensland persist in her policy of isolation it will bo interesting to soo how far hor aspirations oven in this direotion will bo fulfilled, with the separation of tho colony an accom- plished iaot, and with the Northern ports in open rivalry with that of Brisbane. Federation is expected to stop this procoss oE dismomber mont and this multiplication of rival Australasian interests,* and Quoensland politicians would do well to considor how far tho intorosts of their own " particular city " will bo safeguarded in the long run by their opposing the federal move- ment in the delusivo hope of securing some supposititious advantago to Brisbane. In ordinary circumstances this ill digested proposition would not domand too serious consideration, but something is duo to tho quarter from whioh (it comos. Mr. BYRNES has so many points in his favour, ns a iiativo-born Australian, a promising politician, and a typo _ of oolonist qualified to do good political service to tho State, that it is rather moro thau ordinarily a pity whoa this thinly-dis guisod proviuoialism is expressed in tho public speeches of suoh a man. In his own colony and in connootion with this very speech Mr. BYRNES was coinmondod to the native-born doctors of Brisbane by such a soasonod votoran as Mr. MOREHEAD os a man of whom they had abundant reason to bo proud. Thoy would not got Fodorntion, he said, until thoy got Australian-born and Australian-bred statesmen. The looal pross speaks highly of his qualities aud gifts and services. Tho Attorney-General is alluded to as a politician of tho front rank, and he is congratulated on hnviug paid his audience the compliinont of pre- senting his candidature on tho broad ground of intellectual fituoss..'fAs rogards Mr. BYRNES and his candidature in gonoral thoro is nothing to bo said against all this. He has done good work asa public man, and ho will doubtloss do moro. But it ia booauso of this public confidonoo in tlio candidate that his romarks about federa- tion have au Lmportanco which tho samo observations would not commaud on tho lips of another man. Tho compli- ment to an audionco on tho ground ol' intellectual fitnoss roads oddly enough in conjunction with tho poor opinion which Mr. BYRNES'S words on this subjoot show him to have formed rospooting the intolli gonco of his hearers ; and tlio pity of it is that a politician of so much pro miso should bo oontont to contributo such transparent oleationeoring claptrap to tho discussion of so serious a question ns Federation. That subjoot can novor bo treated from the standpoint of Australian defence alone. Thoro aro other broad and far-reaohing federal issues besidos that of defenco that no sympathiser with Austra- lian aspirations con ignore, and it would not bo a good sign for tho future of Australian public life if nativo-born public mon of the standing and promiso of tho Queensland Attornoy-Gonoral wero con tont to sot all those asido in favour of the interest« of tho partioular oity or provinoe in whioh thoy happon to find themselvos. Two calculations of tho drink bill of the colony havo appeared in our columns one intended to aid tho toetotal cnuso, tho other from the standpoint of tho licensed victuallers. As was to bo oxpeotod, thoj vary in an extraordinary fasliion ; but aftor all it is hardly worth whilo to in quiro which is tho moro corroot. In disoussions that inako for tho croater temporáneo and sobriety of the people, tho aotual amount of tho drink bill is not a matter of muoh importanoo. It is cortainly somewhat fashionable to orguo in thiB woy, and to assumo that tho money is lost or thrown away. A correspondent in a rooont issue of the london 'fimo has boon trying to provo that thoso who 'uso nloohol oon sumo it iu greater quantities than thoy formerly ali, and that consoquoutly awn money ia being wasted. But the cost of tho liquor traillo is not the real roaaoa why it should bo regulated or diminished. If the samo argument wore appliod to other industries in which the publio cheerfully pay more than is required for the actual necessaries of life it would land us in the grossest absurdi- ties. It would bo easy, for instance, to show that the meat bill of Australia is considerably larger as a matter of fact than in any other country. People arise from timo to time wùo assert that the Australians consume moro moat than is either necessary to existenoo or wholesome for the individual members of the community. But if they choose to spend their incomes in maintain- ing a certain standard of living, wo have no right to taunt them with the fact that I it is moro oxpensivo than an ox ¡stonco on rioo or cabbages. Whothor our critics bo right or wrong, the question must bo docided on other considerations than that of the more cost. Or again, it would not be difficult to mako out that the dross bill of the country is appalling. Tho pooplo do not go to a shop for the simple purposo of buying sufficient olothos to sholtor thoir bodios from the Bummer heat or the winter oold. What is abso- lutely required for this object is the smallost item in tho bill. Thoy want, over and above a standard of fitness and fashion, n certain measure of luxury ; and it is this demand for something moro than the coarse blankot which would suffice to cover the human frame that malíes business and stimulates- trade. In summing up the national bills for the yoar wo havo not to consider tho amount of money that tho pooplo spend, but whether they are spend- ing it judioiously, and in a way to bring thom the pleasure and comfort whioh havo beoomo posi- tivo necessaries of existence to tho civilised races. Tho expenditure on the liquor trafilo can only bo regarded in fair- ness from the same point of view. A largo amount of the goneral income is spent in tho arts and industries that con- tributo to tho luxuries of lifo. It is tho increase in the standard of comfort that inspiros invontion rind develops commerce. Tho inventor aims at improving the comfort of tho world by labour- saving maohinery or by new facilities of conveyance and communica- tion, and in doing so ho is bringing luxuriös within tho roach of a greater number of poople. It has often been noticed that in the countries whore a bonofioent nature provides all the neces- saries of life almost without labour or troublo tho pooplo have not boon ablo to make any progress. In the equatorial region their wants aro supplied with a minimum of toil, and from generation to generation thoro is no improvement in thom. When a wave of depression roduces tho standard of comfort in civilised countrios stimulus is given to every industry and every institution. Wo must infer, thorofore, that in a prosperous country wo must consider not the amount of money that is spent in luxuries, but tho question whother tho luxuries have a good or bad effect upon tho com- munity. This is the only point that need bo taken into account. Tho demand for wine gives employment to thousands of people in the world, and thoro aro many who think that tho cultivation of the grapo may bo as important to Australia in the futuro as tho growth of wool has been in the past. It lios with tho prohibitionists to show that the drinking of wine is altogether wrong. There is no argument in saying that it is a luxury which involves the spending of a certain sum of money that might be devoted to othor things. It is not enough to say that wine is a luxury ; wo have to bo satisfied that it is a luxury which tho community would bo justified in prohibit- ing. A very considerable portion of the Bum that is sot down to the account of the annual drink bill is doubtless misspent. It is squandered in a fashion that can only do harm to thoso who aro unablo to check thoir indulgence in drink, and that loadu them often into other extravagances. Although tho customs of tho English race have certainly been improvod within tho last two generations, thoro is still room for tho protost of tho tomporanco reformer. Aud as long as ho attacks tho abuses of tho drink trafilo, and tries to bring the expenditure on this particular luxury within modorate and reasonable limits, lie will havo the support of every right thinking man. But it is usoio.w lo arguo that alcohol is not necessary to oxistonco. The answer to such an argument is simply that pooplo do not bind themselves to buy nothing moro than tho no cossavios of lile, and that liquor is one of the luxuiios which thoy desire, and which calls great industries into being. It has its uses, and mon will not bo deterred from it by boing told that it costs money, or that it is a moro expen- sive nrtiole than bread. The proper ro form is not to prohibit liquor altogether, but to bring about a stato of sooioty ia which it would bo used like bread, simply for its good qualities and without any oxcoss. That we are tonding in this dirootion there can ho little doubt, although it must bo romomborod that tho porsonal habita of a nalion oan only bo alterod vory gradu- ally, and that thoso who desire drink will not bo withhold from it by any question uf oxponse. And it is in this direction, rather than that of prohibition, that threo fourths of the community wish to move, Tho question raised by our corrospond onts respecting the elomont of unfairness in the summoning of j uror3 is quite worthy of the attention it lins recoivod. TJndor any circumstances tho citizen called upon to .sorvo on a jury has to make a cortnm sacrifico to discharge an important public duty which may involve ' tho disposal of tho property, or liberty, or perhaps ovon tho lifo, of another. The issuo in any caso is sorious onough to demand that tho panol by which it is tried should bo composed of mon who approach thoir duty in a normal frame of mind. But how a juror is to do this when ho is oppressed by a sense of unfairness at having boon called upon for two or more consocutivo nttondances at different courts while- his neighbours aro lett to pursuo thoir business undis- turbed, is one of thoso puzzles whioh seem to demand rathor more than the averago intelligence for thoir elucidation. It should bo observed that our correspondents do not complain of being oallod as jurors, or at having to serve for long intervals at a time, or at being locked up for the night if the exigencies of tho caserequiroit. Those things they accept as incidental to tho duties of citizonship and of juries. The complaint made has roforonco to tho un- fairness in soleotinn. As wo point out olsewhore this morning this com- plaint is so far well founded that only in exceptional cases should a juror bo called on under the law to sorvo moro than twioe in the one year. But owing to tho numbor of courts, the distinction botwoon spooial and common jurors, and the element of chanco inseparable from the ballot, it does occasionally happen, as in the oases of our correspondents, that some jurors are oallod moro frequently than thoy Bhould bo. The new Jury Bill whioh the Minister for Justice is announced as preparing should take cognisance of this possibility, for the sense of irritation that usually follow« on the feoling that one is unjustly treated is by no means conducive to the proper dis- charge of euch an important funotion as that of a juror. Tho two mining experts appointed by tho German Government to visit the chief mineral districts throughout tho civilised world and roport upon thom are said by our Auckland correspondent to have loft Now Zealand for Syanoy. It is not quite cloar whether Dr. VOGELSANG and Herr SOHMEISSER intend to make an inspec- tion of the mines in New South Wales, or whother they aro just to pass through. Thoy havo boen at Broken Hill, and when in Victoria it was stated that they would not como on here. It must bo said that a tour of the colonies which left out the mines of New South Wales and Queensland would bo deceptive as to tho mineral wealth of Australia. We suffer from the scattered nature of our gold deposits. Whoovor would soo for himself what we aro doing in gold- mining would have to visit the beaches of the North and the workings along the South Coast at Pambula, the old fiolds still so productive at Hill End and Orango, the now mines at Wyalong, tho rich do posits at Baker's Creek and elsewhere Besides being scattered about a great ter- ritory, our mines suffer from the very thoroughness and regularity of thoir development. Ono such property as the Lucknow Mino," if at Coolgardie, would bo a household word. And BO of other rich mines that go on working and yiolding well, though thoir names are littlo known outside tho districts whoro thoy aro situate. If the Gor- man Commissioners make an inspection of our gold-workings only,, they will como to tho conclusion that though gold mining in this colony is not tho most prominent of our intorosts, it is productivo onough at presont and promising enough in tho futuro to bo regarded ns an important sourco of national wealth. It would bo valuable to have tho observations of such mon as tho exports despatched by tho German Govornraent, who havo already inBpoctod, so ninny auriferous rogions, and whoso competency for their task may bo regarded as guaran- teed by the nation that owns Freiburg, and has beon mining for hundreds I of years. Whatever facilities the Minister for Minos and his colleagues may bo able to afford Dr. VOGELSANG and Herr SOHMEISSER for seeing the mineral re- sources of the colony will no doubt bo placed at their disposal. ODB LONDON LBTTBR.-Discussing tho poli- tical situation, our London correspondent, in his letter, which appears in another part of this issue, say« that tho apathy which has characterised the Liberal party «inca the general election shows signs of wearing off. The London season promises to bo particularly gay. Boforenco is made to the arrival in London of Mr. Cecil Rhodes and the troubles of Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria. VIOE-RSOAX NEWS.-Yesterday morning the Mayor of Sydney (Alderman I. E. Ives), accom- panied by tho town olerk, paid an official visit to his Excolloney tho Governor at Government Houso. Mr, J. H. Carruthers (Minister for Lands), and Mr. Charles Olivor (Railway Com- missioner) also callod in the morning. In tho evening his Excellency, attended by Captain Stanley, went to tho Lyconm Theatre. Tira COWES, ELnorocvTB.-As tho loading protectionists found that a multiplicity of pro- tectionist candidates wero likely to enter Uio field for tho Cowra soat, it has been arranged that Mr. W. J. Lyno, M.L.A., Mr. Schey, M.L. A., and Alderman D. Davis should visit the oloctorato with tho object of ascertaining which of tho several candidates had the best prospect of oloction, and of inducing tho others, if possiblo, to retiro ia favour of tho gentleman selected. It is said that tho candidates from whom a selec- tion will hnvo to bo mndo aro Messrs. J. D. Fitz- gerald, Phillips (of Cowra), W. S. Dowol, and M'lntyro. Mr. Ninian Molville is spokon of as a probable candidato, and the name of Sir W. P. Manning is also mentioned in connection with tho representation of the eloctorato. Although tho Leader of tho Opposition is going to Cowra, it is not likoly that tho Piomier will follow his ox nraplo. Seme other member of the Ministry will, howovor, in all probability address tho Cowra oleotors boforo the polling-day. PUBLIC SEBVICE BOAUD.-The Publio Scrvico Board continued its investigation of the Depart- ment of Publio Instruction yesterday. LANDS OFFICE DAT,-Homestead selootions were appliod for yesterday as follows :-At Armidale, 2 blocks, 80 aeres ; at Bourke, 1 block, 20 acres ; at Bro warrina, 12 blook*, 11,257 acres ; at Coota- mundra Contrai, 1 block, 1005} acres ; at Gos- ford, 1 blook, 103 acres ; at Goulburn, 1 blook, 140} acres ; at Mudgee, 22 blocks, 3120 nore«. ; at Murrurundi, 2 blocks, 80 acres ; at Narrandera, 1 block, 1205} acres ; at Urana, 9 blocks, 6027 j acres ; at Walcha, 2 blocks, 589} acres ; and at Windsor, 1 blook, 36 J acres. No settlement leases wero appliod for, but 7G05 acres wore appliod for as conditional purchases and conditional leases in various parts of tho colony. For tho day the total number of homestead selections applied for wa« 55, comprising 23,580 acres. As 520 homo stead selections comprising 138,003 acres, 163 settlement leases comprising 437,387 acres, and SS improvement leases comprising 634,165 acres had boon previously applied for, tho grand total of holdings under tho Crown Lands Act of 1895 to date is 790, containing an area of 1,233,135 acres. MAU, SiEAHiiia.-The Austral, sailing to-mor- row for London, via Hobart, has a largo list of passengers, perhaps tho most numerous company that has loft hoio for Europe this season. The Ophir is due hero on Sunday next, in tho Orient liuo, and the English mails by her of London dato, Fobniary 14, will bo dolivcred in tho city to-day. A wiro from Albany gives tho arrival of tho P. and O. Company's Himnlnyn with tho English mail to the 21st ultimo. Tho correspondence by her is oxpooted to arrive by Tuesday next, and tho steamer should arrivo on the Saturday following. THE MEIT FBEEÍIXO COJLPANIE3' PnorosKD COMMNATIOK.-Tlio conforeace of ropresentatives of mont-freezing companies, who mot togothor to dovUo a schomo for soouriDg improvomonts in regard to tho fro2cn moat trado, praotically oonoludod its labours yesterday. The committee that had beon appointed had submitted a sohemo whioh embraced iomo 21 «solutions, and thoy wcro adopted, in soino cases with amendments. As tho sohemo is still in an inohoato jondition the promoters of tho conference do not oonsidcr it dosirablo that tho details of their sohomo should bo published at present. It is intended to embody tho substance of the resolutions in a memorandum of articles of association of a combination, iu forming which tho wholo of tho moat freezing and mo.it- ohilling companios of Aus- tralia will bo asked to co-operate. The idoa is not only to rcgulato tho export from Australia of frozou moat, but to opcrato inBuoh away in tho English market ns to guard tho meat from boing sacrificed when it reaches that country. When tho sohemo has boen matured it is intended to submit it to the directors of the various oompanics in Australia interested in tho projeot. It is also ititonded that about the middle of the month of May thero shall bo another conference of repre- sentatives of moat-freezing companios to per feot tho scheme. P/nE BniaiDEä BOAM» ELEOMOS.-The election of a member to sorvo on the Metropolitan Brigades Board as tho representativo of the Bub urban municipalities, took plaoo at tho Town Hall yesterday. Mr, William Solomons was returning offloor. Thoro wore flvo candidates. Tho elootiou resulted in the return of Alderman AVilliam Taylor, of Rockdale. The following oro tho particulars of the voting ¡-Alderman Taylor, 124 votes ¡ Alderman B. Sßuto (Burwood) 93 ¡ Aldormau J. F. Smith (Nowtown), 44 ; Alderman W. Allon (Aloxardria), 16 ; Alderman E. C. Ghost (Five Dook), 8. A BBWKBAOB ScnxEitE ron GBAMVILLK.-At a meeting of tho Granvillo Council on Wednesday evening a lotter was road from the Leichhardt Council relativo to tho weatorn suburbs sewerage soborne, and suggesting that tho Water and Sowerogo Board should bo urgod to go on with the work. The Mayor said ho had boon inter- viewed by a Government «urvoyor, who had boon Bent to make a survey of Granville for sowerago purpose». The resident« would have nothing to pay till th« work was carried ont, and then they woul have to pay a sewerage rate. It »T thon . that, in view .of what tho Mayor hld statod, «c would be out of place to co-omw. _.?? the Leichhardt Councü. p0tato "lh TOE ABATIOIIIS QrjEsrios.-Over 300 «w tures of resident« of Burwood, Homebush, Bhffi fie d. Concord, Five Dook, and Ashfield ¿ve boen attached to a pot t>ou praying tlio Gorenmot to remove tho abattoirs from Globo Mud t» certain unincorporated land at Flemington. AWUU.H3 ov IUna is nip. Bonjrr 11T», rürrj.-A special meeting of tho Botany Ornad, prosidod over by tho îlayor (AldcrmanJ ron borton), was held on Wednesday evening to desi with the question of the arrears of rates Ti, Mayor stated that ho had oallod the meetroe forth» purpose of getting an expression of opinion from tho aldermen as to what should bo dono on Z question of gotting in all arrears of rates B, was in favour of taking prompt action and nro. ccoding against aU ratepayers of the honman irrespective of who thoy may bo, and in raters' ho was determined that all rates should bo paid within the year thoy were due Aldorman Woodlands moved,-" That tlio iTavor bo empowered to appoint a coUoctor to gd hnu baok rates, and summon ovory person that ii not pay." Aftor considomblo discuition ft» Mayor said ho would bo compelled to inlett» motion out of order. Alderman Daniels morea - " That the wholo question of too collcction'ot rates bo loft in tho hands of tho Mayor to do whit ho liked in tho matter." This was agreed to. NEW CALEDONIAN LIBESES IS STDSEÎ.-A French libéré named Petitot, whoappcaledm,. successfully some time agoto the Full Court in this colony against his extradition, has been acquitted by tho tribunal nt Noumea on a chirm of leaving the place assigned to bira as residen» in New Caledonia. Ho stated that ha w«j tcc¡. dontly taken to Sydney through tho steamer on whioh ho was taking leave of a friend ¡¿g out -of port whilo ho was prostnted by an attack of cramps, to whioh he is subject, Totitot, in tho.course of tho trial, made ion» sweoping ncousations against sorer«! official»,.«»! referring to this colony, said there were hundred» of libérés living in Sydney. Some of the poll» officials admitted to a JTrroiiroportcr hut evening that there woro grounds for the statement. Ii was difficult to till who wero libérés rural «aro« was forwarded by tlio French authorities. In ti» case of Fotitot word had been received fron Noumea beforo tho arrival of the steamet IT which ho was travelling to this port. DYNAMITE Exrtosios AT CEOTESSULPUI, A blasting accident happened yesterday it Cen. tonninl Park in connection with somo exesratmg work that is boing carried on. A blast vu boing prepared for tho purposo of dislodging Km rock when tho charge suddenly exploded, and injured .two mon. Thomas Noble, who vu fixing the shot, had his hands and arms injured, and also received somo wounds oa tho body. Another man, named George Low, received a lacerated wound on tho arm, and sstttinedti injury to ono of his knees, rho men wen con* voyod to the Sydnoy Hospital. Low reside« st Burwood, and Noblo at Smithfield. Beth stn wero suffering from severo shock when admitted to the hospital. Sr/DDES DEATH.-Charlos E. Flan¡n¡r, pott. master at Harris-street, rose at 4 o'clock jalad« morning, and proceeded to Ids back yard to club up a dog. About an hour afterward» he vu found dead. It appears ho has been enffcrinjfcr soma timo with heart disease. < THE DEATH IN THE DOMAIN.-An inquest vu was held by Mr. W. H. Mackenzie, JJ., tt Iii North Sydnoy Morgue yesterday, touching tie death of a sailor named John George, whose bod* was found near Mrs. Macquarie'« Chair, ia tee Domain, on Wednesday. Theodore Calpa, i resident of William-street, Woolloomooloo, stated that ho saw the deceased on Tuesday. George ii the time appeared to bo sick and Herron», About two months ago he had heard the deceased tar, " If tho doctor cannot euro mc, I'll cure mjielf." A verdict WSB returned that death résultai fron a rovolver bullet wonnd in the head, which tu solf-inilieted. BURGLARIES IN THE SUBURBS.-During the last few days a number of burglaries have occurred in the suburbs. The house of Mr. S. Ealy George-street, Marrickville, was broken into, and property to the value of £80 abstracted. Mr. C. Cunynghame's residence in Glenmore-road was entered on Tuesday night, and a watch and some money were stolen. The burglar was disturbed in his search, and made good his escape. He left a lot of jewellery behind him in the room in which he was discovered. The residence of Mr. Wainright, in Styles- street, Leichhardt, was also broken into and a number of articles taken. MOEE ABOUT TUS NEW FHOToaaAnrr.-Errai. MBNTS TO QrJIOKEN THE pEOCKSS.-The SfHasri Berlin correspondent says that Professor Gieseltr, of Bonn, has boon experimenting with «fie» to ni ¡lining tho fluorescent effects of Röntgcn'i ravi. Ho smeared a picco of paper with vuriora «ab stances, laid it on tho dry plate, and cxpoeod it to tho rays. Ho lins already found that chloride ol iron, nitrate of uranium, and extract of coin vied havo the desired effect. Ho then steeped the drj pinto itself in ohlorido of iron, and thus lucoeoM in furthor abbreviating tho process. Syitemilii experimenting in this manner, ho thinks, irill be tho best way of finding the fittest lubstato» for expediting tho process. Professor Giftóff also points out that ordinary roys «re just ulitlle broken1 by tho oyes of insects as aro Röatpi'i rays in tho now photography, and hesuggaU that, as the oyes of insects can very easily be arti- , flcially imitated, such imitations may, perhipf, provo of use in tho production of «harper outline] in the objeot« photographod by the new rats. A ¡ memborof tho Photographic Club «tCrefeHbii found that tho time of exposure i» shorten«! exactly by ono- half by heating the plate. H« heated it up to abont 40- Centigrade (or IM' Fahrenheit), and tho process then oscnpWotk 15 instead of 30 minutes. This effect, it i» co«. jectured, is probably duo to the enhancemeitol tho fluorescenco by hoating, and cannot fail tob of great uso in tho caso of small apparatus. THE Ballway Commissioners M».»»D3*!'K! trip by way of Windsor and down the Hawtalm by tho steamer General Gordon for to-day,b..«. tion to winch the usual Saturday trip, ». "T *JJJ fishing excursion to Cowan Creek on wean««»» ÏUE steamer Maitland will leave Ita »J»«; street Wharf for a trip to Port Backing « at 2 o'clock, and excursionist« wil be J*T"» opportunity of viewing the prinoipal g**%f& southern coastline, including the «JP ÍJT Head, Bondi, COOROO, tong Bay, PTnJ.5Vk. The Maitland will land excursionist«at Port HW mg, and the roturn journey will be msdo » "»»» reach Sydnej shortly after 7 p m MESSES DAVID JOVIS AND Co '« ««"»H % logue ot autumn and winter fashionMJJM1 aSiew of promoting "shopping by !»«> .{¡¿J, mirably produced. It should prove of (P»S to country customers, tep^&Zf;âË of the firm is one on which °y>chrf"aJM* bestowed Particulars of every dseiPg» T^S aro Riven, from ladios' broonded «d« » am PyinÔH H* Cole wo have »"»fiiffif, work for children entitled "Dolly tod « » kindergarten book, forming a »seton of Un*«* entitled " Pleasant Learning Land WE havo received a coi v of ampol Ita ^ raining leases of tlio Charters ftjw Iff IssuedV Alan B Bright and Co , «it*»»"* Mu ADDISON presided at a Itevision O»»^ 137 to the Wavorlcy roll nu-Uni. THE band of the New' Son«.i Wita ^ggt mont, under tho direction of »^«¿TÏÏS W Hutchinson, »di (weather pemttü»« Wy, in Hydo Park this afternoon, commencing» p m ^ 