OUR TELEPHONE, Hello, Exchange 1 Alderman Ires, Mayoi of Sydney, please ? Ri'toh ! Hello, Mr. Ivob I It appears that you ban a good ohanco of re-election to the Mayoral ohair? S-s-s-h ! Don't talk so loudly. If there'l much said it may stir someone up to oppose me ! Oh, they would hardly como forward at tha eleventh hour ! Wouldn't they! If thoy had a ghost of a chance half of the aldormen would annotmoa themselves to-morrow 1 Do you think so? Well, we have been given _ to understand that fear of dofeat is not what iB deterring the ambitious aldermen. No? Then what iB it? Well, some (?f them agree with you that a mayor does not get a fair show if he has onljrt one term of office, and, therefore, a gonerone feeling towards you prompts them to keop is the background. Oh, go on 1 True bill! ft Then it's very good of them. And what ot the others? Ah — tho others ! Thev are held back by. fear that the Mayor of 1S97 will be knighted ! Ho, ho ! I'm not afraid of that I I'll faoa any danger of that kind ! And evon the discomfort of an occasional quadrille of honor? Aye, even that — and I admit that each such experience adds to my gr&y; hairs. But I have mighty schemes, look you, and 1897 will see them fulfilled. Now, tho garbage question 1 Oh, give the garbage question a rest until that report is presented, and then act — and promptly. In the meantime, what is the matter with cleaning the Council's slate? H'ra ! That has my attention, and I think it will take the greater part of 1897 to accomplish it. Another olaim to offioe, eh? Well — what do you think? Ting, ting. o o » Hello, Sundat Totes ! Man on the Corner ? desires a word. Certainly — two if you like. It's another growl. Did you notice that a boat sailed East a few days since with three more human offerings — women — for the poof' dear Celestial ! Ye3 ; John Chinaman Beems to get a lot o£ attention from Australian young ladies. They appear to prefer to drag him from hiS'- alleged darkness on his native heath ; he can ' go blind-folded to the nether regions from Wexford'street and Waterloo 1 That's so. I take exception to the whole business. H these young ladies are dead crazed on the missionary, caper, why not work for the Balva- , tion and elevation of people of their own ' raoe? They're. certainly not all saved yet ! Hardly ! What's the matter with missionary work among the ' pushes?*' It ought to prove exciting enough ! Ah, but the ' pushes'' are right at the door. If they were away in a foreicn land it would bo easy enough to work up missionary enthu siasm on their bohalf. Then there are the poor benighted people in the hush. What was it that was urged on behalf of the Dederers, after they were sentenced to death for tho execution of a hawker ? _ That they had lived in darkness all their lives, and know nothing of the Gospel. Quite so! Yet with such excellent oppor tunities for missionary work right at their hands, among their own people, these yottng ladies, intoxicated with religious fervor, must rush off to the land of the yellow man, who certainly does not stand in greater need of their attention. Probably not so much. How do you account for it ? If you asked tbe ladies themselves the chances are they could not give a reasonable reply. Then it must be inferred that the Chinese are more to them than the people of their own» race? In view of the facts as stated, they could not fairly quarrel with you for holding that opinion. Ting, ting. * # st Hello, Exchange. Give us a bookie, quick. Certainly. Got anything good? You might lay us on. | Nothing in your way. Give us TattorsalTs, Oh, all right. Thore he's calling now. Hello, anyone inquiring for me ? I lay tha Summer Cup, Carrington Stakes or Hobart Cup, doubles or straight-out! Nothing to-day, thanks. But say, isn't your profession going to be a bit too risky ? Oh, we take all risks, and are always ready to face the music. No doubt, but what about the new legal decision ? Aren't you afraid of being run inF Not at all ! I'm not going to be caught betting in a ' place ' you see ! Well, but what about the racecourse? Aro you going to give that up too? What, you don't want to ruin a man trying to turn an honest penny, surely ? . Not at all; but things seem to bo getting a bit mixed lately, and it's hard to say how long the law will recognise betting on the oonrse. But, my dear fellow, what about the future of horseracing in that case ? Don't know ; seems to us horseracing will have to go as things are at present if it can't go on without betting. But why should we be interfered withP Dou't we pay big fees to the raco clubs? Well, probably the Government begin to think it's time they got a share of the loot I My troubles ! It doesn't matter who gets ? the dibs after we part. Besides, if they stop us, betting will go on all tho same by welshera and spielers probably. Quito likely ; we fear tho public are not yet sufficiently high toned to cease the practice . all at ouco, but something has to be done to vindicate official virtue ! Yes, but it's rough if it has to be vindicated at our expense. Why not charge a a registra tion fee and license the bookmakers? Then they would secure responsible men,, and get & 1 revenue as well. Too Utopian, we fear; Government never do sensible things like that. Thoy may stop betting on racecourses, and even ruin racing, but gambling will go on all the same - in other places. Just so ; then I suppose wo shall have to start poker andbacearat and other fashionable gomes to meet the publio demand, and carr' on after dark with olosed doors. Looks like it, very ; but 'twaa ovcr'§&us-.; Ting, ting. A Sobraon ComtiTTAL. — The mother of a. boy named Franois Usher, who was committed ' to tho Sobraon on the 12th ult. for begging alms in the street, complains of what she con siders tho hardship of the proceeding. She states that tho boy was well conducted, and assisting to Bupport the family by selling newspapers, and that he was attending Fort stroet School with fair regularity until pre vented by an injury to his foot. The Intercolonial Investment, Land, and Building Co., Limited, announce the payment of a half- yearly dividend at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum. FASHIONABLE PHOTOGRAPHY. Pabis Panels have lately becomo the most fashionable size portrait, and bofore long it is predicted that they will displace cabinets aa successfully as cabinets replaced the old fashionod carte-de-visite'. As a rule when any now size comes in vogue photographers make it an oxonso for high prices. It is well to notico that although othors charge 20s per doz. for Paris Panols, Mr. Eden, tho well-known photographer, only obarge3 12s 6d per doz. for this fashionable niso. Tho Eden Photo Studios aro always crowded with customers, whioh is on ovidonoo of the universal satisfac tion that exoellent work produces. Another shipment of Eden hiayclca arrive naxfc woek.* 