f GEAT ; I ; ' OB, THE J MYSTERY OF BRA OS V HOLLOW ORANGE. DftARCBB IX.— (pdHjiNDiD.) iiJ-jS' ' V «' As tho quean wills." " ' At the same moment a footman entered With the morning mail, whioh ho placed be- Ida the baronet's plate. V Are there any letters -for me to-day, Sir Geoffrey !" Miss Trevothon demanded, with .- marked emphasis. "If eo, I hope you will let me havo them ? It is rather dangerous work, I should say, for oven a guardian to tamper with his ward's lettero 7" SirtGeoffroy arohed his brows in well- ; ibrcd surprise. .. "It is indeed, my dear," he answered. : iai Sorely yon do not mean to insinuate that 1 I would tamper with my ward's letters! As- | suredly yon shall have your letters, Miss Trevothon. Here they are 1" Lenore received them — two or three from -Xondon, one from Fern Hill, the seat of her .'Chaperon, Lady Halstoad, and another from ' Scotland, bearing the Piedmont postmark. She gave a start, and her faco flushed hot with shame. Hore was her letter at last, and she had aennsed her guardian of intercepting it. Sho tore it open wltn trembllng.flngers, and ran over its contents... , A brief, but exceedingly courteous epistle, "Ambrose Gerhart acknowledged the receipt of her letter, and would take great pleasure ,'iu assisting her, Ho thought, nay, ho was (sure, that he-held tbe key to the mystery of which her letter spoke. He had lived ia tbe neighborhood of Black Hollow Grange nil hiB life, and he bad discovered many things re- ;lativo to tont wiord mansion, of which he .'bad hitherto doomed-it unwiBo to speak. Even-now, he feared to trast what he knew, ,upon-paper. It would be wiser and aafer to all concerned for Miss Trevethon to - make a second visit to tho Haunted Munor. He wonld be at hor service at any time, on any day she ohose to- icntion. If oho saw i£t to comoen Wednesday, the fourteenth, or any day following, until tho close of the ' week, ne would be there in waiting, and on any one of these days Miss Trevcthon would find a carriage at Piedmont to convey her to the Grange, His mother's cottage was near at band, too, where she wonld receive every attention. In conclusion, Ambrose Gerhart subscribed himself hor humble and; devoted servant, and begged, if Miss Trevetbon pro- posed coming, she would do so without de lay, as in a few days importantmattczs would compel him to leave.for Lendon. Lonore's heart beat with excitement, as he read and re-read this letter. It wos.a- daring etep for a young giri'to make Bucb-a . journey olono ; bnt as we have already ; hinted, with all her beanty and her gentle : breeding, Miss Trevethon was something of a madcap. Almost instantly she decided to. go. -'She arose, and placed tho letter in her pocket. , " It you will do me the kindness, Sir Geof- ' iroy, I- would like the pony carriage ordered' ; roundest oncd." . Sir Geoffrey-bowed profoundly as he rang; tho'bel). " The pony carriage, James, for Miss Treve thon," he commanded'; then turning to his ward, "Lonort, my dear, you are surely not leaving Lyndith Hall ? It is all a jest to worry me." . " I am leaving Lyndith-Hull, Sir Geoffrey, hs I told you l should I I may return again to claim myfewoffccte, or Imay order them sent tome. In any lease, Sir Geoffrey, I re- ; peat it, our relations are-ended for ever, and S hid yon. good-morning." -.'Sheawcpt oat of the breakfast-room with a regal bbw. , " Aa tho queen. wills," murmured the baro- 1 net,. bowing in his turii ; but' as the door ' closed upon his imperious wardhe broke into -vftcnckfifiglangb. .7- : " IThat a llttlefobl she is," he ohuckled : ."like all other women I How readily she. wallowed the bait. I She fanciesshe fames- leaped me I Well, well'! wo shall Bee. As the ;qneen wills I Hn, ha I" " Send Olotildc," commanded Miss Treve- . ,'thon, as she entered her dressing-room, and 'In two minntes Olotildc came, her face doubly 'aged and wearing the huo of death. " Poor Olotildo, bow 111 and wretched you 'look," cried her mistvesB. "I am sorry I waa so harsh to you yesterday. I have tbe Tetter I expected, and 1 beg yonr pardon if I accused you wrongfully. There, wo are frlonds again, and I want you to dress mo at once. I am going on a journey." " Mies Trevethon, do not go I" implored . Olottlde, " Oh, dear, I must, to do not fret, Olotildc. Dress me quickly ; tbst's n good soul. I'll wear my brown mohnir and my Bible cloak, lor tbe air is koen this morning," " MiSB Lenore, do not leave Lyndith Hall," continuod Olotildc, her eyes piteous in their imploring ngony ; " or if you do go, lot it bo to Fern Hill. Don't—" Tho young lady's scornful lough inter rupted her. "To Fern Hill— to Lady Halstead's. Thanh you, no I Ono season of her ohaperonage was sufficient. I want to be free, Olotilde— .not Lady Hnlstead's prisoner. There, there —not another word ! Dress mo quickly, and. don't ery. I must catch the train, for I am iguing to Scotland, Cletilde." 1 The woman uttered a gasping cry and fell ' on ber knees nt Lonore's feet. " Ob, Miss Lenore, I entreat yon not to go," she cried, wringing her hnnde. " Take my advice, and go to Fern Hill," ; Mies Trevothon turned from her impati ently. i " I must drcts myself, I see, since you are ,not obliging enough to assist me. If you were not looking so wretchedly ill, Olotildo, il should scold you soundly. Havo I not snid jthat I wilt not go to -Fern Hill, But cease . weeping, you poor, silly-soul. I nm not lcav- jing yon for good. You 'shall take care of all fmy treasures until I return, and perhaps by (that timo you will have changed your mind, and will cheerfully go with me ?" . '. But Olotilde shook her head in despairing .silence. ; " Myhat now, andmy Babies, nnd an extra ehawl," continued' her mistress. » Tharo, I jam all ready, and I' hear tho carriage coming jup the drive." !' And with n nod and nsmilo the yonnglady passed oat of the room and wont down to the waiting carriage. , "If -I bad-dared to tell ber I Ah, Heavenl jlf I 'could have saved her — my poor, pretty .Ifisa Lenore I" gnBped Olotilde, pressing hor . ghastly faoe against toe glass and wfehing ' tbe ohrriago as it rolled away. CHAPTER X. , - BETRAYED INTO TJJE TRAP, l\ Perhaps I am taking a very rash step," -Biased Miss Trevethon, looking. from the car ' ' window at the distant Highland peaks white ' i with enow. "This a wild journey for a girl like me to make all alone. - And what a dis- . teal afternoon It Is 1 We'll have the snow ithiok about us in another hoar.; nnd I have heard thattheso Highland storms are furious. 'But I must goon, in spite ofwlndorwentheT. for I nm determined to fathom that awful mystery. T As the afternoon waned, and the winter torm gathered and darkened, tbe lovely faco and brilliant eyes lost something of their .wonted vivacity. She shivered and- drew -her sables 'close, straining ber eyes to catch aglimpio (of tbe billebeyond which tho Haunted Manor ;qay. ' j "I hope that promised carringo will meet mo at Piedmont," she thought. "This is Vcertainly a dreadful evening for a journey. - I am almost sorry now that I came. Surely Ambrose Gerhart will 1 not fail mo t Reoal- ' ling hlsifooe, and theeorvice he did me that . . ntgnt. huw oan I donfit hlm ? And he ioyt ho holds >toe koy to toe mystery I . Shall I be able . to lift -the. cloud of disgrace from my poor' jnpther'e name!-. If ao, I shall regret nothing' that It-costs me-" ' ' . Her cheeks bloomed with excitement, her eyes flUed with; tears, and .her heart gave «' rejoicing-bound, ns tho traifacame to a-ead- don halt and the ahrill voiqe of' the. conduo- . tor was heard-ahouting : t — - — ' "Fiedmont Station I" She- arose,' gathered up- her wraps,'; and passed out to the platform. The snow was falling rapidly, and the wintry dark ness hod already set in; but before Lenore had' time to look about her, a lad touched horarm. "Please, ma'am, are you Miss Treve-, toon?" " I nm Miss Trevethon." " ... , "Then come this way, 'please. 'xOnrie're the carriage, nndiMr. Gerhart'a walting." . Lcnoro followed him withont an inquiry or a donbt. About twenty yards distant stood a olosod carriage, with a pair ot stout grays, and as the young lady drew near, a. man enveloped in a huge cloak suddenly appeared and threw open toe dour of the- vehicle. " Lot me oseist you, Miss Trevethon. We are having wild weather to-night," he said, hurriedly, as be grasped her arm. And before she could utter a word in an- ewer— almost before she knew what waa occurring, Lenore found herself la the ear- riago, and the door closed upon her with a harp snap. " One minute, if you please, Mr. Gerhart," . she cried, seizing tho knob of the door and trying to open it. But the door was lockedX " All right, Miss Trevethon I" a moektng voice answered, and in another breath the horses dashed off at full speed. " Groat heavens I what does this mean !" toe girl exclaimed, her cheeks white with terror, as she fell baok npon the cush ions. But in ths next instant her fearless spirit rallied, end she bounded to her feet. " Driver, .stop the horses tots instant, j command you," she oried, shaking vigorously at too carriage door, Onlyrtoe-wild wail of the winds, and the rear of tho gathering storm answered her, and through the pjtchy night, which had : fallen. suddenly, tho carriage rattled on at a reckless pace. She oallod again and again, and beat against the panels, till har deltcato hands-were bruised, bnt'nll to no purpose. Tbe enrriage did not stop, and only toe winds and a burst of exultant laughter answered her. She sat down in the chill darkness, the snow beating fiercely against the tolek- glass of the carringo window ; sat down, calm and silent,, but with a dreadful presentiment creeping over her. Wbat could it mean I Into whose hands had Bhe fallen! Not for an instant did' she bolieve that Ambrose Gerhart, stranger though bo might be, would take such a tor- \- riblo advantage of the trust- sbe-bad reposed in him. But who was her driver, aud'wbere waasha going? Sho-sawhow, os-she had not seea before, how rash and foolish she had been, to place ; herself in such a position, and her proud heart thrilled tumultuonaly, ae she realised her peril. On went toe fiying horses through tho . storm, which seemed to gather strength and fury with every succeeding minute, till the .girl felt as if sho must go mad in -her terror and suspense. Bo deep was the wiator dark ness, so weird and wild tho howlings of the storm, so mad toe speed of tho horsos, toad: as she tore along Lenore began to fancy that she had fallen into the power of some terri ble supernatural Thing, which was hurrying her on to swift and sure destruction. She had dared to pry into tho secrets of the Haunted Manor, and this was her punish ment. In toe midst of these wild fanoies, toe oar- , riage come to a sudden halt. In a. twinkling . the door was thrown opsn,.a&d; the figure of the clonkcd man confronted her. . " Hers we nre, Miss Trevethon, at our journey's end. Give me yonr hantj, please." , The girl draw baek, shuddering with terror. Something in her voich of this unknown man curdled tho very blood in hot veins. " Who are yon, sir ?" she demanded, " and why have you brought me here!" "To- solve the hlBtozy of' the Haunted Manor," replied the same voice. And in another instant, Lenore was S6ized upon bodily, and lifted to the groand. The darkness was impenetrable ; the enow bent fiercely in herface, and the violent wind shook her tike-a reed, But she tore herself free of the man's grasp, all the blood iu her veins tinkling with lq- diguaot anger. " Touch me -again, at yonr peril," she panted. " Whoever you are, you shall suffer for this night's work." Tho man's only answer wsb a laugh— a taunting, mocking, exultant laugh, Then, while the bewildered girl Btood straining her eyes in the vain effort to pierce . the doep darkness, he took n whistle from his breast and blew it shrilly. In the space of a minute, another whistle, faintly heard above the clamor of the storm, answered fromsomo point above. " All right ; onr friends are waiting, to welcome us. Miss Trevethon, will you come/" Leuore straggled to escape from him. " No, I will not go," sho answered. " Then I must-carry you, that's all," In a twinkling, tho huge cloak enveloped her like a pall, nnd she was caught np and \- borne away at a rapid pace. Sho Btrove to free herself, but the arma of her captor held her like iron. She shrieked ' aloud far-help, bnt tbe heavy garment stifled' hor voice, and, in ber impotent anger and- terror, Bhe remembered, with a pang, that, in the hurry of her depnrtnre, she bad uninten tionally left her little jewelled dagger en bar dresBing-table-nt Lyndith Hall. Littlo use it would have been, bpwevor,. for she was utterly powerless in her unknown captor's hands. He bore her on, as if sho were an infant, up a-flight of snow-coverod steps, under an arohed entrance, and into a wide hall, the stone floor resounding beneath his heavy and rapid- tread. Poor Lenore was breathless, and almost BBnselcBn, and again the foolish fancy pos-', sussed hor that -aome awful demoniac boing had her in his.power. -Bhe bad'hearrtthe re-- sounding echoes of- tbe flagstones, and knew, by the lull of the winds, tfant ehe was being borne into some, sort of habitation, faiit'tbe heavy oloak which enveloped1 her head ehut' her in utter darkness. A door opened and closed, another and another, and then-toe man, who held -her in, his vlce-Iike-arms, set.her on her feet and' removed the oloak whioh had enveloped her. "Now, Miss Trevothon, here we are all- right. That was an uncommonly neat job, bringing you here bo nicely, It was, by- Jovol" For an instant,- ths girl reelecLgiddily.hnt: in the next her indomitable spirit rallied. Bbe was in a lighted apartment, but several- seconds elapsed -before eho woe able to die. tingulsh one object from another. When ehe did see, tbe firat object that mot her affrighted eyes was ber guardian's faco. Ho bowed'-fa her with mocking courtesy \- " Lonore,.my dear, I am glad - to wolcome yon. We scarcely dsred hopo for your corn- lag this wild night, bat- here you nre, Rich mond, my lion, draw up a ohsir for Miss Trevethon." Tho girl'tnrnod, and looked ot the man who bad btonght her thither, and a low ory escaped her lips, Bbe behold Sir Geoffrey's eonl, HiB dark eyes flashed with brutal triumph at tbe eight of her tcrrified'eunzsmcnt, and he-burst. into a panl of uproarious laughter, "Didn't know mo, did yon, Miss Trave- toott?" he- questioned, mockingly, "Ah, I deceived you very oleverlyc" Lenore stood silent an instant, and then her bluo eyes began to darkon aud gleam. "Richmond Trevethon'!" she oried, her-- bosom heaving with the tumuitof herlmpo; rions nngor, "have you dared— " "Of course I havo, my dear, he inter. . rupted, " dared to make myself yonr pro tector. Naturally enough, too, I take It. Whan a.mnn eees.bU betrothed wife running wild over Aho coantry, it is natural he should' follow nnd'tnkeenra of her. And, by tho way, Cox," he added,, with, a Idtabolical laugh; "you -haven't that neat little daggoronhand 'to-night, have yon?" ' She turned from him in wordless scorn. " Sir Geoffrey Trevethon," she said, ad dressing the smiling baronet, " perhaps yon will give me a plain answer 1 What is tho meaning of this ! Whare am I ?" " My dear child . do you not know ? You are at the Haunted Manor, of conrae. Yon wished to come here, I believe," A thrill of unutterable horror shook the -girl from head to foot,andshe glanced about her with distended eyes. Tho apartment was largo, and must, at somo time, nave been -used as a library, for the dusty shelves still contained a fow volumes, and there were somo tattered hangings and other artioles of furniture faded with age. " Tho Haunted Manor!" she repeated, in- a husky whisper. " This la the Hvuntsd Manor, my dear." bowed tne baronet. " Tou seem so anxious .to investigate its mysteries, and lam always so willing to indulge you. Ab toe queen wills, you know I" Her glorious oyes began to flash again, and the rich color leaped to her cheeks. "Sir Gcoffrey.Trovethon,"sheieried, the fall troth of hor situation flashing upon hor, ' you did intercept my letters, then f " " I did, indeed, my dear," replied her guar dian. " I always make it a point never to force a woman when I can doceivo her ; and you have been very neatly deceived, na you must confess I Yon did not think for a minnte that I wonld suffer you to be meeting all sorts of low-bred men ; Ambrose Gerhart, for instance ! Of course, as yonr guardian, I could not." .".Why am I here ! Why ' was I modo a prisoner and brought to this place I" Lenore demanded. The baronet's son made answer with a mocking laugh. " My dear, yonr question brings us to the golnt," replied Sir Geoffrey. " We aro here > celebrate your marriage with my son." Lonore's heart grow faint within her, as eho stood in the dnsty old room, .with the merciless faces of her two mortal enemies looking down upon hor ; but her regal self- possession did not fail, or her flashing oyes falter. She mado no answer, and hor guar dian wont on. ' " Ages ago it was a customs with the Trevothons to celebrate tboir marriages at thie old place, and tbe idea etrack 'me that you might fancy reviving tho ancient cus tom ? If I remember rightly, your great grandfather was married in this very room ; and his bride, we are told, was' the loveliest lady on which the English sun had over shone. But I'll wager she was not ono whit -lovelier than yourself." Utter consternation deprived Lenore of the power of utterance, and her guardian went on : " I was snre it wonld please yon, revering all toe old1 oustoms of yonr race as you do, to - colebrato your nuptials at the Haunted- Manor, and hero we are. Richmond, throw open toe door, and give Miss Trevethon yonr arm." The young man opened a. door to hie loft, disclosing to tho amazed girl an adjoining apartment which-seemed in the dim light to- be hung with funereal drapery. In the contra of this room stood a table, and before it a dark-robed clergyman, with an open prayer- book in his hand ; and jnsfc behind him a woman whom Lenore recognised, with a thrill ' jf relief, as Olotilde. " Oome, my dearest," said Richmond, at tempting to take hor hand, "submit- grace fully to tho inevitable, and let the ceremony procaed at once." Sho wrenched herself away from him, her eyet flashing lightning; " Do not oorac near me, I command you," eo cried. « Touch me at your peril." The young man laoghedinsolently. "Ah, my little tigress, yon would show yonr claws, eh ? Bat even n tigress may bB tamed. Oome quietly now ; yon must sub mit to tho tying of the knot." MIbs Trevethon turned her indignant -glance npon the baronet. "Bir Geoffrey Trevethon," ehe said, her voice cool and silvery, "ii you have decoyed mo here far the purpose of frightening mo into a marriage with your son, rest assured yon have hod yonr trouble for nothing. As I told you in the beginning, I toll yon now, I will not marry him. I will die here where I stand rather than speak the words that will make mo his wife. "And yon, sir," sliej added, clenching her white hand and setting' her teeth, " only let mo regain my freedom, and yon shall pay dearly for all this." The baronet laughed softly. "Regain your freedom, my dear," he re peated. " My dear Lenore, you nre not at nil likely to be free for some timo to come unless you pay the required price for yonr liberty. Listen to me, Miss Trovethon. We have no time for theatricals. Tho night iB passing away, and wo must get out of this uld ghost-trap nnd be on our road to Paris before the day dawns. So listen to reason now, like a sensible girl. As I told you be fore. it is not likely that that I shall relin quish too hopes of a lifo-tims, and sec my sou out off from his rightful inheritance, oil be- . cansc-of an idle whim on your part. You are Richmond's wife as it is. You were married to him, at your father's wish in your childhood, and you ore commaudsd by your fathor's last will to hold that marriage sa cred." She laughed in his very faoe, in superb and toarless scorn. "I repudiate that silly ceremony of my youth," she exclaimed ;" aud you will find It a little difficult to force me to submit to your wiahca." The baronet's smiling face hod changed in a foarf u) manner. It was livid with sup- "if a wdlSbnut' Wa eye glarcd like those "We'll seo I" he answered, in a low, threatening voice. " Thni clergyman there, -did the woman who is to act as witness, are both mine, sworn to my service. You marry my son an(Vto. morrow's down will sco you on your way to Rome, and to-morrow's papers will announce tho alliance." " Bat if I refuse, as I do, Sir Geoffrey, vbat then !" interrupted her fearless voice. "What toon? Listen, Miss Trevothon, ind yon shall hear. If you refuse, toe cere- uony will proceed all toe same, aud the wit ness will sign.the csrtiflcate. The solo dlf- (eronce, Miss Trerothou, will be this : Tho woman Olotilde is bonnd-to my interest, and she .will accompany yon nnd Riobmond to too altar, and afterwards will certify to your suddon death in foreign lands whilo you, my denrward, will be -immured in the black well of tola " Haunted House" whioh youwero so nnxiqna to ace. Nosuapioion will attach, added Sir Geoffrey, with one of hisdia- . bollcnl sneers, to too advent in n few months of Richmond Trovethon without his youne wife i m whoso rigjit ho heirs the vast estates of tho Trevethona." Lonore's courage waned, and hor checks grew pale, desptto -mil her natural fortitude no ebo realised toe fiendlBh cunning of- thoso in whoso hands, by-her rash journey, sho had plaoed herself. She glanced towards her guardian, Sir Geoffrey's face wore an napcct of lambent scorn and triumph combined ; sho turned towards Olotildo, ns one woman in deadly peril will to another : tho poor woman stood shaking in oyery limb, her hands olnspcd in sgony, her bloodless faoe blanched in lier i! i?5-j lit ' Ba< "len Uonore's oyes lighted upon the pseudo clergyman who stood line mooklng demon, book in hand. "Now, my dear'" questioned tho baronet with nn amused smile, " don't you eee what 'tho resnlt of my 'Intriguos' is to bo J" J'"?/!" 80 "bstlnato, yonr demise will u p I a "om llonie» Md all that I havo icberaea for will como to pass. Ab for yon 1 ha, b a ! we shall flee," Ho acUed herjby tbo arm, and drow.or druggy, hor aorora the) room. Then, lifting tbo tblclc, black arm that dr&pod; tbo wall, be ran his band along tho;anrfaco of tho . oaken panelling, andj.lo I thoro woo a sharp ollok, and a door fiUtl olowly aside, as.if by ! magic, revealing -a blaok void, which looked liko tbo enfranoo to a region of impenetrable darkness. tro be aontimjbd. Tim avorngo duration of life in India 1b 24: veare. In England it is 44 years. 