WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON, Author of "Ishmael," "Dead Men's Shoes, "Lady Amlloy's Secret," "Wyilard's' Weird," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," &e.;, &e.; [Published by special arrangement with -the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XVII.—(Continued.) "This bully forces me to spoil his point del Venise," iio said coolly, as he set down the tankard. " There should be a law for chain-? iii£ up rabid curs that have ran mad without' provocation. Fareham .sprang to his feet, black and terrible, but with a savage exultation in his counrenance. The w'ne poured in a red stream from his point-iaco cravat, but had not touched his face. "There shall be something redder than Bur gundy spilt before we have done," he said. " Sac-re nom, nous soinmes tombes dans un autre de betes sauvages," exclaimed Masaroon, starting up and anxiously examining the skirts of his brocade coat lest that sudden deluge had caught him. "None of your French to show your fine breeding," growled the old cavalier. " Fareham, you deserved the insult, but ono red will wash out another. Fin with your lordship." "And I'm with De Malfort," said Masa roon. "He had more than enough provoca tion " " Gentlemen, gentlemen, no bloodshed !" cried Lady Luoretia ; " or, if you are going to be uncivil to each other, for God's sake get me to my chair. I have a husband who would never forgive me if it were said you fought for my sake." "We will see you safely dimposed of, madam, before wo begin our business," said Colonel Dangerfield bluntly. " Fareham, you can take the lady to her chair while Masaroon and I discuss " " There is no need of discussion," inter rupted Fareham hotly. "We have nothing to arrange—nothing to wait for. Time, the present; place, the garden, under these win dows: weapons, the swords we wear. We shall have no witnesses but the moon and stars. It is the dead middle of the night and we have the world all to ourselves." "Give me your sword, then, that I may compare it with the count's. You are satis fied, monsieur ? 'Tis you that .are the chal lenger and Lord Fareham has the choice of weapons." "Let him choose. I will fight him with cannon—or with soap-bubbles," answered De Malfort, lolling back in his chair, tilted at an angle of forty-five, and drumming a gay dance tune with his finger-tips on the table. "'Tis a foolish embroglio from first to last, and only his lordship and I know how foolish. He came here to provoke a quarrel and I must indulge him. Come, Lady Lucretia," he turned to his fair friend as he unbuckled his sword and flung it on the table, "it is my place to lead you to your chair. Colonel, you and your friend will find me below stairs in front of the Holbein Gate." "You are forgetting your winnings," remon strated the lady, pointing to the pile of gold. "The lackeys will not forget them when, they clear the room," answered De Malifort, putting her hand through his arm and leaving the money on the table. Ten minutes later, Fareham and De Malfort were standing front to front in the glare of four torches,'held by a brace of ber ladyship's lackeys, who had been impressed into the ser vice, and the colder light of a moon that rode high in the blue-black of a wintry heaven. There was not a sound but the ripple of the unseen river and the distant cry of a watchman in Petty France, till the clash of swords began. It was decided after a brief parley that the principals only should fight. The quarrel was private. The seconds placed their men on a piece ot level turf, five paces apart. They were bare-headed and without coat or vest, the lace ruffles of their shirt-sleeves rolled back to the elbow, their naked arms ghastly white, their faces suggesting ghost or devil as the spectral moonlight or the flame of the flam beaux sbone upon them. "You mean business, so we may sink the parade of the fencing saloon," said Dangerfield. "Advance, gentlemen." "A pity," murmured Masaroon, "„tbere is nothing prettier than the salute 'a la ran caise.'" Dangerfield handed the men their swords; They were nearly similar in fashion, both flat grooved blades, with needle points and no cut ting edge, furnished with shell-guards and crossbars in the Italian style, and were about of a length. The word was given and the business of en gagement began slowly and warily for a few moments that-seemed minutes; and tben the blades were firmly joined in carte and a series of rapid feints began, De Malfort having a slight advantage in the neatness of his circles apd the swiftness of his wrist play. But in these preliminary lounges and parries he soon found he needed all his skill to dodge his op ponent's point; for Fareham's blade followed his own steadily and strongly through every turn. De Malfort had begun the fight with an insolent smile upon his lips, the smile of a inan who believes himself invincible, while Fare ham's countenance never changed^ frwn the black anger that had darkened it all that night. It was a face that meant death. A man who had never been a duellist, who had raised his voice sternly against the practice of duelling, stood there intent upon, bloodshed. There could be no mistake as to his purpose. The quarrel "was an artificial quarrel—the object was murder. De Malfort, provoked at the unexpected strength of Fareham's fence, attempted a partial disarmament, after the deadly Conti nental method. Joining his opponent's blade near the point, from a wide circular parry, he made a rapid thrust in seconde, carrying his forte the entire length of Fareham's blade, almost wrenching the sword from his grasp, and then, in the next instant, reaching forward to his fullest stretch, he lunged at his enemy's breast, aiming at the vital region of the heart a thrust that must have proved fatal had not Fareham sprung aside and so received the blow where the sword only grazed.his ribs, inflicting a flesh wound that showed red upon the whiteness of the shirt. Dangerfield tore off his cravat and wanted to bind it round his principal's wrist, but Fareham repulsed him, and his gloomy anger, lashed into hot fury by the Frenchman's uncavalier-like ruse, met his thrusts with a deadly purpose, which drove. De Malfort reckless to lunging and riposting, and the play grew fast and fierce, while the rattle of steel seemed never likely to end, until, timing his attack to the fraction of a second, Fareham dropped on his left knee, and planting his left hand upon the ground sent a murderous thrust home under De Malfort's guard, whose blade passed harmlessly over his adversary's head as he crouched on the sward. De Malfort fell swooning in the arms of the two seconds, who both sprang to his assis tance. " Is it fatal!" asked Fareham, standing motionless as stone, while the other men knelt on either side of De Malfort. "I'll run for a sturgeon," said Masaroon. "There's a fellow I know of this_ side the Abbey—mends bloody noses and paints black eyes." and he was off, running across the grass to the nearest gate. , "Itlooks plaguilylike a coffin,"Dangerfield answered, with his hand on the wounded man's breast. "There's throbbing here yet; but he may bleed to death, like Lindsey, before sur gery can help him. You had better run, Fareham. Take horse to Dover, and get across to Calais or Ostend. You were devilish provoking. It might go hard with you if he was to die." "I shall nob budge, Dangerfield. Didn't you bear me say I wanted to kill him? You might guess I didn't care a cast of the dicefor > my life when I said as much. Let them fiud it murder, and hang me. I wanted him out of the world, and don't care how soon I follow." " You are mad—stark, staring mad." The wounded man raised himself on his elbow, groaning aloud in the agony of move ment, and beckoned Fareham, who knelt down beside him, all of a piece, like a stone figure. "Fareham, you had better run ; I have powerful friends. There'll be an ugly stir if I die of this bout. Kiss me, mon ami, I for givo you. I know what wound rankled ; 'twas j for your wife's sister you fought—not the j cards." 3 Ho sank into Dangerfie'd's arms, swooning 1 from loss of blood, as Masaroon came back at a run, bringing a surgeon, an elderly man of that Alsatian class which is to be found out of bed in the small hours. He brought styptics and bandages, and at once [set about stauueh iug the wound. While this was happening a curtain had been suddenly pulled aside at an upper window in Lady Castlemaine's lodgings show- ; ing a light within. The window was thrown . up and a figure appeared clad in a white satin night-gown that glistened in the moonlight : with a deep collar of ermine from which the ... handsomest face in London looked across tho garden to the spot where Fareham, the seconds, and the surgeon were grouped about •! De Malfort. It was Lady Castlemaine. She leant out of ■ the window and called to them. " What has happened ? Is anyone^ hurt ? I'll wager a thousand pounds you devils have been fighting." "Do Malfort is stabbed," Masaroon . answered. - " Not dead ?" she shrieked, leaning further out of the window. "No ; but it looks dangerous." 1 ^Briag. him into my house this, installY . I'll send my fellows to help. Have you sent for a surgeon ?" " The surgeon is here." The radiant figure vanished like a vision in the skies, and in three minutes a door was heard opening, and a voice calling, "John, Wiliiain, Hugh, Peter, every man jack of you. Lazy devils ! There's been no time for you to fall asleep since the company left. Uome, stir, and out with you." "We had best levant, Fareham," muttered Daneerlield, and drew away bis principal, who went with him, silent and unresisting, having no more to do there ; not to fly the country, however, but to walk cpiietly home to Fare ham House, and to let himself in at the garden door, known to the household as his lord ship's. (To be continued.) 