Some Ghost-'Stories. j THE following authentic incident are interesting. About seven yean .go one of her Majesty's Inspectors bi Schools was riding through One ol the western counties of England ir tho prosecution of his duties.. ' At c certain village bn the ' roato . ii chanced that some rents, long ii arrear, were paid to him in notei 'and gold, and feeling somewhat uneasy in carrying a considerabh .win through miles of weird gorst .auntry, and being quite unprotected he quickened his horse's pace in ordei to reach the nearest town before nightfall. Suddenly a huge, anc villainous-looking man armed with t bludgeon pushed through -the gorsi and menacingly demanded money Tho inspector urged his horse forward but the man held the bridle with t grip of iron. He raised his weapoi .to strike, when the sound of horse'i hoofs rapidly approaching cause« the inspector to look round, and a' that moment his assailant relaxet ibis hold and retreated into the dark .ness. The horseman quickly reachet "the inspector, and together thej .purred forward at a gallop. Whei they were at a safe distance fron the robber the inspector sought ti converse with his deliverer, but no ; . word did he reply, and at the firs «ross roads the horseman turned an« 'disappeared as mysteriously as hi '«ame. A gentleman in London hat a remarkable experience some yean ; ago,' the mystery of which has nevei 'been solved. He was quietly engaged in bis room ono day durhi| the summer of 1883, when happen in g to look up, he distinctly saw i friend of his seated on a couch abou three yards distant. He looked a [him in surprise, but not in fear, foi .he felt none. The friend seemed ai though he wished'to speak, but die .not do so. In a few moments h< ' ' vanished as quietly aud suddenly ai ho . had appeared. . Tho gentlemai . was still wondering what it could al j portend when a telegram was bandee ' to him informing him that his frienc '.had just died. The following incident, related by a gentleman residing in the South oi 1 England, possesses a solution of the mystery told which is not without an element of humour:-"In 1864 ] lived in Pam] ico, in a house reputed to be haunted by a woman ia black, .'whom both . my mother and aunt declared they hud seen. Gathered in .the ante-room,one night we.had-bson discussing the subject. ' The clock struck midnight, and with the last stroke we were startled by the swish- ing sound as of the silken dress of someone descending the stairs from the top floor. 'Alarm was depicted on. every face. The sound came nearer, to us, regularly and steadily, but without any accompanying foot- step. Past the room we were in, down into the hall, and through the swing door into tho kitchen it took its way. Seizing a light I followed to; clear up the mystery, and dis- covered our.' harmless necessary ' cat with some pasted wall paper edging ?ticking to its foot, which it had brought from the top, where the paperhangers had been- at work. This had produced the peculiar rustling sound like that of a lady's silk dross, and thus was our mystery changed into mirth." 