MORE ABOUT THE MINISTER. In the writings of Addison, a story is told of an ass who was placed between two bundles of hay, the sight of which affected his senses to such a degree that he was unable to devour either. Like magnets they kept him in perpetual suspense, and not having a single graiiv^ •of freewill to determine him more to the one than to the other, he died of starvation in the midst of plenty. This story is neither new nor copywright, but •^t answers our purpose. The position of the ass before giving up the ghost is precisely similar to that in which Mr. Wittenoom now finds himself placed in his attempt to act as political head of three distinct departments, and unless he soon extricates himself from this state of uncertitude and hesitancy, he, like the ass, will perish also. As Minister of Mines he has been a dismal failure, most of his interpretations of the mining laws of the colony being totally at variance with common sense, and contrary to the Act and regulations. His whole mind is seemingly so absorbed in the price of bacon and other matters attendant to country storelceeping that he has neither the time or "inclination to bother about those who, in the words of the late Mr. Marmion, " were not asked to come here." Chiefest amongst the several artifices which the Minister has put into practice to humbug the mining community is the position of " Lord High Everything Elee," which he has assumed in connection with the question of Mining Court appeals. In the now notorious letter sent by him to Warden Davis, lie attempted to deprive the latter of his judicial functions and to rob the people of their right of appeal given to them by Act of Parliament. The reason for this extraordinary action is obvious, as is shown by a case that in May last was heard iu the lvalgoorlie Warden's Court, the evidence in which was very voluminous. At the close of the hearing, the counsel for one of the parties asked the Warden to find, as a fact, whether or not the lease granted by the Minister to the other party to the action was done in accordance with the Goldfields Act and Regulations in force at that time. After givijg the evidence due considerj ation, the Warden gave his decision on the 29th May last in ithe open court, which was " that the lease had not been granted by the Minister in accordance -with the Act and Regulations." Section 32 of the Goldfields Act, 1895, reads that the Minister with the approval of the Governor, may grant to any person subject to this Act and the Regulations, a lease of any Crown Lands." Therefore it is clear that the lease in question was granted contrary and beyond the power given the Minister by Parliament, by virtue of the Goldfield's Act, which clothes him with the authority he possesses, and without which 'lie is absolutely powerless, and without authority, as the lease was found to have been illegally granted. In order to have it declared null and void, one of the parties to the action decided to invoke the aid -of the Court of Mining Appeal. But such presumption was not to be allowed. Enough of that had already been committed by the Warden sitting in his judical capacity, and honestly endeavouring to do justice in the cases before him, in opposition to the ruling of his political chief who had acted outside the power given him by Act of Parliament. Within a fortnight after this presumptuous decision was delivered, the Warden received the afore- mentioned notorious communication from the Minister. To what extent Mr. Wittenoom is to be allowed to carry on this high handed procedure is uncertain. On one point, however, the Government may rest assured. If these enoimities are not at once amended matters will lead to disastrous results, to say nothing of public indignation and disgust. Mr. Wittenoom has had a very good inaings and the time has now come for him to shuffle off the' stage of public life to the accompanying groans of the people, or like Mr. Venn, be ignominonsly sacked in his nightshirt, or even minus that miromantie garment. 