Answers to Questions. Notice.— Pastoral, Agricultural, and Veterinary Ques tions are answered in the Agricultural Columns. Ques tions relating to sporting matters receive attention in the Sporting Columns. ? Theodore.— Kj is the the registered horse and cattle brand of Mr. Edward Perkins, Cooma Inquirer.— The lock and weir at Bourke is approaching completion, and will be . finished before the end of the the year, unless interrupted by floods. Sua (Fiji).—' With regard to the cooper paint used for vessels, a good way is to add naphtha to the copper paint to thin it, but it would be better still to keep it airtight and so prevent the evaporation. A. M. — Communicate with Messrs. Turner and Henderson, Hunler-strect, on the subject. Before publishers tan give ao opinion as to the cost of publishing^, novel, it is necessary that the manuscript should be submitted to them, and that all information as to quantity, size, Ac., be given to them, Boole.— 1. The question is one that should be referred to a solicitor, as it is on a very legal point indeed. 2. If the sum of £4 he put into a bank every year at 4 per cent, compound interest for 20 years, the sum io the bank at the end of that period should be £123 17s 3d. Taking all things into consideration, an insurance for £100 paying a premium of £4 per annum would perhaps be preferable. J.S. (Kuoupia}.— The information asked for being of a technical character cannot be given. The following are alloys:— Bell metal, fine: 71 copper, 20 tin, 2 zinc, 1 iron. Bell metal, for large bells : Copper 1001b., tin from 201b. to 25lb. Bell metal, for small bells : Copper 31b. ,tin lib. However, if any information can be ob tained on the subject it will be published in an early issue. Header.— Inquiries as to who are specialists in the ' early indiscretion and youthful folly *' line cannot be answered in this column. All that can be done is to suggest a re liable medical roan, and tins information can only be given if a stamped and addressed envelope is forwarded ' to the offiee. It may, however, be added, as a caution, * Bo not trust to quacks, but consult a respectable medi cal man.' Subscriber (Ma ckay).— Tryst or tryste is a Scotch word used sometimes in English. It means an appointment to meet. The verb means ' to engage a person to meet one at a given or to agree to meet at any particular time or ? place.' Both noun and verb are pronounced with the y lung, making the sound somewhat like ' triced.' Sime American dictionaries give the proaounciation as if the y were short, such as ' trisst,' but the loag sound is the correct one. Nurse.— Therd is a very useful work entitled ' How to Become a Nurse.' It contains also a list of London and other hospitals, midwifery and monthly nursing, private . nursing, lives and portraits of some eminent nurses, in . eluding Florence Nightingale, nursing uniforms, medals, &c.; rhere is alto a chapter for matrons, and much in teresting information re nursing abroad in foreign countries. The book can he obtained from Messrs. George Robertson and Co., George-street, Sydney. The price is 2s 6d, but with postage to the country, 2s lid. Btndent. — Miching mallecho are words to be found in Shakespeare's ' Hamlet,' Act EH, scene II. Hamlet, When looking cn the dumb show which illustrates the ' poisoning ' of the King, says to Ophelia : ' Marry, this is miching mallecho ; it means mischief.' The lines ore also to he found in the same act and scene. Hamlet says : — ' Why, let the stricken deer go weep, The hart ungalled play ; For some must watch, while some must sleep : Thus runs the world away.' Subscriber.— It is thought that as this was a financial mat ter between A and B, that A's father cannot act for A unless he has the proper authority to do so. This is assuming that A and B are not minors. If the promis sory note was given by B to A four years ago, it is con sidered that A can recover from B any time before being barred by the Statute of limitations. The whole mat ter is purely one of law, and should be referred to a solicitor. B can test the matter by allowing A's father to sue him. If the father has no locus standi he will be at once out of court. little Dot. — 1. Gargantna was a giant so large that it re quired 900 ells of linen for the body of his shirt, and 200 more for the gussets ; 406 ells of velvet for his shoes, and 1100 cow bides for their sole. His toothpick was an elephant's tusk, -and 17,913 cows were required to give him milk. This was the giant who swallowed five pilgrims with their staves tn a salad. 2. The 'real Simon Pure 'has become a household word for the ' real m?n ' ; the ipsissimus ego. Simon Pure was a young Quaker from Pennsylvania on a visit to Obauiah Prim (a Bristol Quaker and one of the guardians of Ann Lovely, the heiress; . Colonel Feign well personated Simon Pure and obtained Gbadiah's consent to marry his ward. When the real Simon Pare presented himself the colonel denounced him as an impostor, hut, after he had obtained the guardian's signature, he con fessed the trick, and showed how he had obtained the consent of the other three guardians. Pipeclay Creek asks : — ' A, B, C, and D sit down to play a \- game of cribbage. A plays a 10, B plays a Ave, C plays ? a three , D plays a three and pairs ; A and B being . played out, C plays a four, and D plays a six. Can either C or D claim a run back off the five that B ? played ? ' No. The intervention of the pair of threes & ratal to the ran. The run of three, and therefore of four, must be straight back, although not necessarily in exact sequence, but the sugestion above is simply a ?plausible but erroneous effort to work round back through the ten on to the first edge of the pair. It is ? pointed out that if it was the first round A could not have been played out for the second round, even if he ( bad held a ten. Anxious.— Although the widow was the second wife of the deceased, and the children arc by the first wife, there ? does not t ?em to be anv di-tinction made in the way that personal property is 'o be divided. The law simply aays :— One-third to the wife, rest to child or children. It would therefore appear, in this instance, that the ' Widow takes her third and the children the rest. As to the stepm tker being compelled to take care of the children, there docs not appear to be any law on Hie sub ject, hut a solicitor should be consulted m the mat'er, for ' if the stepmother should decline the responsibility it would appear nece» ary that a guardian should be ap pointed. 'I his being a question of an 'Intestate litafce,' it world perhaps be advisable to communicate with Mr. Powell, Curator of Intestate Estate, Chancery-square, Sydney, giving details, and asking for guidance. Supernatural .—1. These arc only superstitions with regard to the pig. In the forefeet of pigs is a very small hole, which may be seen wbenthe pig is dead and the hair carefully removed. The legend is that the devils made their exit (or exeunt) from the swine through the forefeet and left these holes. There are also six very minute rings round each hole, 'and these are said to have been made by the devil's claws. 2. The legend is that the red of a robin's breast is produced by the blood of Jesus. While the ' Man of Sorrows ' was on His wav to Calvary a robin plucked a thorn from His temples, and a drop of blood, railing on the bird, turned its bosom red. Another legend is that the robin used to carry dew to refresh sinners parched in hell, and the scorching heat of the flames turned its feathers red. ' He brings cool dew in his little bill, And lets it fall on the souls of sin. You can see the mark on his red breast still Of fires that scorch as he- drops it in.' Subscriber (Kentucky).— A Provisional school may be established in any locality where not fewer than 12, but fiotm ore than 19, children between the ages of six and 14 years can regularly attend such school'; provided that no Provisional school shall be established within four miles by the nearest route practicable for children of any Public, Provisional, or Half-time school. The necessary school buildings and furniture, as well as the requisite books and apparatus, are provided at the cost of the Department, subject to sereral conditions. Teachers are appointed by the Minister, after their competency for the office has been ascertained . To eneure the continuance of a Provisional school, the provisions of the Public In struction Act must be duly observed, and an average attendance of not less than 12 pupils maintained. In first- class Provisional Eehools (with an average attend ance below 20, but not below 16), the salary is £01 per annum ; in second-class Pro visional schools (with an average attendance below 18, but not below 15), £S0per annum ; in third- class Provisional schools (with an average attendance bfelow 15, but not below 12), £08 per H.T1TH1TT1. Carious. — 1. No. It used to be said that ' a tailor is the ninth part- of a man,' but this is a perversion of the original expression. A toll of a bell is called a ' teller,' and at the death of a man the death bell used to bo tolled thrice three times. ' Nine tellers mark a man ' became perverted into ' Nine tailors make a man.' 2. Three-men wine was ah expression applied to very bad wine, because it requires one man to hold the victim, a second to pour the wine down his throat, and the third is the victim made to drink it. 3. Violenta is a term applied to any young lady nonentity ; one who contri butes nothing to the amusement or conversation of a party. 4. Buri den's Ass is a term given to a man of in decision. It was the hypothetical sss of Buridan, the Greek sophist. Buridan maintained that ' if an ass could be placed between two haystacks in such a wav that its choice wts evenly balanced between them, it would starve to death, for there would be no motive whv he should choose the one and reject the other.' 4. Bulldogs are the two servants of a university proctor, who follow him in his rounds to assist him in apprehend ing students who arc violating the university statutes, such en appearing in the streets after dinner without cap or gown, Ac. A C. T. (Granville).— 1. The following has been quoted as a method of preserving furs and woollen clothing from moths. Moths dtpositKtheir eggs in the early spring. This, therefore, is the time to put away furs and woollens for the summer. It is not the moth, but the maggot of the moth that does the mischief with furs and woollens. To effectually preserve them from the ravages of these insects thoroughly beat the furs with a thin rattan, and air them for several hours, then carefully comb them with a clean comb, wrap them up in newspapers, per fectly tight and put i hem away in a thoroughly tight ohest lined with tin, or cedar wood. Take them out and examinethem in tbesunatleastoncea month, thoroughly beating them. This, indeed, is the secret of the fur dealers in preserving their stock. Camphor, which is so much used to preserve furs, impaire their beauty by turning them light. The printing ink on the newspapers is just as effectual as camphor, being very distasteful to the moll;. The above methoa may also be adopted to pre serve feathers and all kinds of woollen clothing, omitting of cour e, the combing: camphor may be sprinkled among the woollens. - 2. The lines, ' Neither a borrower nor a lender be,' form part of the very excellent advice given by Polonlus to his son Laertes ia Act 1, scene 3, of ' Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.' Regular Subscriber i Waveiiey). — It is thought that Indian Civil Service appJiitinents are not obtainable by resi dents of Australia that is, there are no examinations in the colonies by which Indian civ il service appointments can be obtained. The Civil Administration of British India is lecmited from four sources 1. Competitive examination in England ; 2. The Indian Staff Corps ; 3. The patronage of tbe Secretary of State ; 4. The patronage of the local Governments. * The last examination of candidates for appointments in the Covenanted Civil Service of India took place in London, commencing on 1st August, 1696, the number of appointments being in accordance with the requirements of the local Governments. Inquiry on the subject of these examinations should be made at the India Office or the Civil Service Commission. The can didates for this examination must be over 21 and und^r 23\. on 1st January preceding the examination . The selected candidates are on probation in England for one year only, and receive an allowance of £100 if they pass their probation at one .of the universities or colleges ap proved by the Secretory of State for India. Applications for admission to tbe examination mu-t be made on or before May 31, on forms that can be obtained at auy time after 1st December preceding from ' The Secretary, Civil Service Commission, London, S.W.' Seniority in the service depen is on the order of the list resulting from the float examination. Within a certain time of the candi date's arrival in India he must elect to serve in thq exe cutive or tbe judicial branch of the administration, the summit of the profession in one branch beicg the lieutenant-Governorship of a province : in the other a Judgeship of the High Court. The salary of a cove nanted Civil servant commences at 4SOOrs. a year. It is thought that Die exams, are annual. ' Bookworm (Sydney).— 1. 'Mawworm' is a vulgar copy -of Dr. Cantwell, the hypocrite. He is a most gross abuser of his mother tongue, and believes he has .a call to preach. He tells old Lady Lambert that he has made several eernions already, hut ' always does ' em extrum pery,' because be eoula not write. He finds his ' reii iigiiius vocation ' more profitable than selling ' grocery, tea, small beer, charcoal, butter, brickdnst, and other spices,' end so comes to the conclusion that it 'is sinful to keep shop.' He is a convert of Dr. Cantwell, and believe' in him to the last. 2. ' Faradiie and the Deri.' A peri was told that she would be admitted into heaven if she would bring thither the gift most acceptable to the Almighty. She first brought a drop of a young patriot's blood, shed on his country's behalf, but the gates would not open for such an offering. She next took thither . the last sigh of a damsel who had died nur-ing her be trothed, who had been stricken by the plague, hut the gates would not open for such an offering. She then carried up tbe repentant tear of an old man converted by the prayers of a little child. All heaven rejoiced, the gates were flung open, and the peri was received with a joyous welcome. 3. Yes. Judas Iscariot was repre sented in ancient paintings with red hair and red beard. Shakespeare says : — ' Eis very hair is of the dissembling colour, something browser thin Jud&s;'s. 4. Uncle Sam, a personification as applied to toe United States of North America, is so called from Samfiel Wilson, uncle of Ebenezer Wilson. Ebcnezer was inspector .of Eibert Anfiefcson's store on the Hndson, ana Samuel superin tended the workmen. The stores were marked E.A.'U.S. (Elbert Anderson, United States), but toe workmen in sisted that U.S. stood for ' Uncle Sam.' Mary Jane. — L The ' silver wedding ' is toe 25th anni versary of a wedding; the 53to anniversary is jke ' golden wedding.' In Germany those persons jaia attain the 25to anniversary of their wedding- daPare presented by their friends ana family with awreath ver flowers, and on the 50th anniversary with a wr eph of gold flowers. The fifth anniversary is the woodea wed ding, and the 75th the diamond wedding. Sometimes the wedding service is repeated on the SOto annrver.-ary. 2\. ' Sieve and Shears ' is a method -of discovering a thief. The modus operandi is as follows : —A sieve is nicely balanced by the points of shears touching the rim, and the shears are supported on toe tips of toe fingers while a passage of-tne Bible is real, and toe Apostles Peter and Paul are asked whether so- and-so is the culprit. When the thief's name is uttered the sieve spins round. Theocrites mentions this way of divina tion in his Idyll HL. and Ben Jonson alludes to its — ' Searching for thmgs lost with a sieve and shears.' 3. ' Tsfoali ' was the name of Ere before toe Fall, so called because she, was taken out of ish,Le., ' man ' ; but after the expulsion .from Paradise Adam called his wife Eve, or Havahu i.e., the mother of all living. A The ' Key and Bible ' were used for the detection cf thieves. A key is placed over an 'Span Bible at the words ' Wither thou guest X will go,' and, the fingers of the person being held so as to form a cross, toe text i» re peated. The names of suspected persons are then pro nounced in succession, and when toe name of toe thief is ottered the key jnmps and dances about. An instance of this method of thief-finding was brought before toe magistrates at the Borough Betty Se?sions, at Ludlow, in J anuary, 1879. J. V. — 1. The beat war would- be to send to Messrs. An gus and Bobertson, Cartlereagk-strest, and get Dr. Mus kett'e books (2) on children. 2- Lime watery— Take of lime 2o'., distilled water two quarts. Slock the lime with a little of the ?water, pour on the remainder of the water andstirthem together ; then immediately cover the ve ael and let it rest for four hours. Keep the solution, with ? the undissolved lime, jn glass-stoppered bottles, and ' when wanted for use pour off the clean liquor. It is an anti-acid tonic, kills worms, and free 'the bowels from slimy and morbific matters. It promotes digestion, it is valuable in looseness, scrofula, diabetes, and jvhitea. Mixed with a dee.ction of Peruvian bark it wonderfully strengthens the debilitated and those threatened with atrophy. Another method is : — Take some well and newfy-bumed limestone and pour water over' it as long as the water seems to absorb it, ond al low it to stand. If not breaking down freely sprinkle a little more water over it. A small quantity is best done in a vessel, such as an old cask, so that it can be covered with a board or bag. After being slacked add about a pound of it to every ten gallons of cold water, then lit' and allow to Eettle ; the clear liquor is what is used for dyeing. This should be made up ju t previous to using, as lime-water standing attracts carbonic acid ' from the air, which tends to weaken the solution. 3. fiend to Messrs. W. C. Penfold and Co., Pitt-street, Syd ney, for Joseph Pearson's ' Cyclists' Touiing Guide of New South Wales.' The price is Is. This work eon tains much valuable information for cyclists and other travellers, and also the maps of the Bathurst, Goulburn, and Maitland districts, and the Cyclists' Touring Map extending from Kempsey on the north and to Eden and Albury on the south, and from the coast westerly to Wagga Waggo, Temora, Partes, &c.; Heavenly Twins. — 1. Israfll, the name given by Angelica to the unfortunate tenor singer, is the title of the angel of music, who possessed the most melodious voice of all God's creatures. This is the angel that is to sound the Resurrection Trump, and will ravish the ears of the saints in Paradise. Israfll, Gabriel, and Michael were tire three angels that warned . Abraham of Sodom's destruction. 2. If a lady or gen tleman is willing to marry, but not engaged, a ring should be worn on the index finger of the left hand ; if engaged, on the second finger ; tf married, on the third finger ; hut if either has no desire to marry, on the little finger. A ling worn on the forefinger indicates a haughty, hold, and overbearing spirit ; on the long finger, prudence, dignity, and discretion ; on the marri age finger, love and affection ; on the little finger, a ? masterful spirit. 3. The ring finger represents the humanity of Christ, and is used in matrimony, which has only to do with humanity. Priests used to wear their ring on the forefinger (which represents the Holy Ghost) in token of their spiritual office. Auius Gellitrs tells us that Appianus asserts in his Egyptian books that a very delicate nerve runs from the fourth finger of the left hand to the heart, on which account this finger is used for the marriage ring. '1 he feet has nothing to do with the question ; that the ancients believed it is all we require to know. In tire Roman Catholic Church, the thumb and first two fingers represent the Trinity ; thus the bridegroom ray?, ' In the name of the Father,' and touches the thumb; 'In the name of the Son,' and touches the first fiDgc-r ; and ' In the name of the Holy Ghost,' he touches the long or second finger. The next finger is the husband's, to whom the woman owes alle giance next to God. The left hand is chosen to show that the woman is to be subject to the man. In the Hereford, York, and Palish ury missals the ring is directed to be put first on the thumb, than on the first finger, then on the long finger, and lastly on the ring finger, quia in illo digito est quaidam vena proctdans usque ad cor. 