A LIFE SENTENCE. CHAPTER XXX. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. When Hubert Lepel quitted Beechfield, a sudden calm, almost a stagnation of interest, seemed to fall upon the place. Mrs Vane was Said to be 'less strong’ than usual; the spring weather tried her; she must be kept quiet, the doctor said, and, if possible, tran quil in mind. ‘ God bless my soul, isn’t Bhe tranquil in mind?’ the General had almost shouted, when Mrlngledew gave his opinion. * What else can she be? She hasn’t a single thing to worry her; or, if she has, she has only to mention it and it will be set right at once.’ The village doctor smiled amiably. He ' was a pale, tbio, dark little man, with in •sight rather in advance of his actual know ledge. He would have been puzzled to Bay why he had jumped to the conclusion that Mrs Vane’s mind was not quite tranquil; but he waß sure that it was cot. Possibly be was influenced by the oonvio tion that it ought not to be tranquil; for, in the oourse of his visits among the villagers, he had beard some of the ugly rumors about Connie’s past, which were more prevalent than Mrs Vane herself suspected, and than ' the General ever had it in his power to con ceive. ‘ Well, sir,’ he said—for Mr Ingledew was always very deferential to the squire of the parish— ‘ what I meant was more perhaps that Mrs Vane requires perfect freedom from all anxiety for the future than that she is suffering from nneasinesß of mind at present. Possibly Mrß Vane is a little anxiouß from time to time abont Maßter Dick, who is cot of a particularly robust constitution, or perhaps about Misß Vane, who does not strike me as looking exactly what I ehonld call “ the thing.” ’ ‘No does she, Ingledew?’ said the General, diverted at once from the con sideration of his wife’s health to that of hiß niece. 'She’s pale and peaky, is she not ? Have you seen her to-day ?' ' H’m not professionally,’ replied Mr Ingledew, rubbing his chin. ‘ In point of fact, Mrs Vane intimated to me that M!bs Vane refused to Bee me—to see a doctor at all. I am sorry for Miss Vane’s own sake, as I think that she is not looking well at present—not at all well,’ ' There she goes,’ cried the General. ‘ We’ll have her in and hear what all this is about, Enid, Enid—come here.’ He had seen her in the conservatory, which ran along one side of the bouse. He and Mr Ingledew were sitting in the library, and through its half-open glass door he bad caught Bight of the girl’s white gown amongst the flowers. She turned instantly at his call. ‘ Do you want me, uncle ?' 'Yes, dear. You are not looking well, Enid; we are concerned about you,’ said the General, going up to her and taking her by the hand. ‘ Why do you refuse to see a doctor, my dear child ?' 'But I have not refused, uncle.’ ‘ Oh—er—Mr Ingledew—’ 'I understand from Mrs Vane,' said the doctor, ‘that you did not wish for medical advice, Miss Vane.’ Enid colored a little, and was silent for a moment; then she answered, in her usual gentle way. ‘I had some disinclination a few days ago to oonsult a doctor, and perhaps Mrs Vane has accidentally laid more stress on my Bay ing so than I intended. But I am quite willing—now—to consult Mr Ingledew a little.’ She sank into a chair as if she were very tired, and for a moment closed her eyes. Her face was almost colorless, and there were violet tints on her eyelids and her lips. Mr Ingledew looked at her gravely and knit . his brow. He knew well that her explana tion of Mrs Vane’s words was quite insuf . Sclent. Mrs Vane had sweetly and solemnly as sured him that she had begged ‘ dear Enid ' to see a doctor—Mr Ingledew or another— and that she had firmly refused to do so, Baying that she felt quite well. Enid’s words did not tally with Mrs Vane’s report at all. The doctor knew which of the two women he would rather believe. \- The General walked away, leaving the patient and the medical man together. At the close of the interview, whioh did not last more than a few minutes, Enid rose with a weary little smile and left the room. The General came back to Mrlngledew. ‘ Well, Ingledew ?’ Mrlngledew looked grave. • I should not say that there was anything very serious,’ he said; ‘but Miss Vane cer tainly requires care. She suffers from palpi tation of the heart and faintness; her- pulse is intermittent; she complains of nausea and dizziness. Without stethoßCopic examina tion I cannot of course be sore whether there is anything organically wrong; hnt I should conclude—judging bb well as I oan without the aid of ausculation—that there was some disturbance—functional disturbance—of the heart.’ ‘ Heart? Dear, dear—that’s very Berious, ib it not?' ‘ Oh, not neoessarily so. It may be a •mere passing derangement produced by in digestion,’ said the doctor, prosaically. ‘ I will come in again to-morrow and sound her. I hope it ia nothing more than a temporary indisposition.’ And so Mr Ingledew took his leave, ‘ Mrs Vane did not want me to see her ?’ he Baid, as* be left the house. ‘I wonder why?’ Meanwhile Enid, pawing out into the hall, I had been obliged to stand still onoe or twice by reason of the dizziness that threatened to overaome her. She leaned againet the wall until the feeling had gone off, and then dragged herself slowly np the stairs. She had suffered in this way only for the last week or two—since Hubert went away. At first she had thought the warm spring weather was making her feel weak and ill; but Bhe did not remember that it had ever done so before. She had generally revived with the spring, and been stronger and better in the warmth and sunshine of sum mer. She oould not understand why this spring should make her feel bo ill. She went into her own room and lay down flat on the bed. She had the sensation of wishing to sink deeper and deeper down, as if Bhe could not sink too low. Her heart Beemed to beat more and more slowly; eaoh breath that she drew was an effort to her. She wondered a little if she was going to die. Presently Bhe heard somebody enter the room: She was not strong enough to turn her head; but she opened her eyes and Baw her maid Parker standing beside her bed and regarding her with alarm. ‘ Law, miss, you do look bad 1’ she said. Enid’s white lips moved and tears trem bled on her eyelashes; but she did not speak. Parker, seriously alarmed, hastened to pro care smelling-salts, brandy, and eau-de- Cologne, and, with a few minuteß' care, thesß applications produced the deeired result. Enid looked a little lesß death-like; she smiled as Bhe took a dose of brandy and sal volatile, and moved her fingers towards the woman at her side. Parker did not at first know what she wanted, but discovered at last that the girl wanted to hold her hand. Contact with something human seemed to help to bring her back from the shadowy borderland where she had been wandering. Parker, astonished and confused, wanted to draw away her band; bnt the Bmall cold fiogerß closed over it resißtlessly. Then the woman stood motionless, holding a vinaigrette in her free hand, and looking at the pale face on the pillow, at the pathetic blue eyes which sought her own from time to time as if in want of pity. . Something made Parker’s heart beat fast and the hot tears came into her hard, dark eyes. She had never felt any partionlar fondness for Miss Enid before; but somehow that mute appeal, that silent claiming of sym pathy and help, made the woman who bad Bpent the laßt few weeks in dogging her foot steps and spying oat her secrets bitterly regret the bondage in which her past life bad placed her. 1 Do you feel better now, misß?' she asked, in an unusually soft tone, presently. 1 Yes, thank you, Parker; but don’t go just yet.’ Parker stood immovable. Secretly she began to long to get away. She was afraid that she should ary if Bhe stayed there much louger holding Euid’s soft little white hand in hers. ‘ Parker,' said Enid, presently, ‘ were you in your room last night soon after I went to bed?’ The maid Blept in the next room to that of her young mistress. 1 Yes miss; at leaßt, I don’t know what time it was.' ‘ It was between 9 and 10 o’olnck when I .went to bed. Did you se6 anybody—anyone all in white—come into my room after I was in bed ? If your door was open you might havo seen anyone pass.’ ‘ Good graciouß, miss, one would think that you was- speaking of a ghost! No, I didn’t see anybody pass.’ ‘I thought perhaps,’ said Enid, rather faintly, ‘ that it might be Mrs Vane coming to see how I was, you know. She has a loose white wrapper, and she often throws a white lace shawl over her head when she goes down the passages.’ ‘ You must have been dreaming, misß,” said Parker. She found it easier • to with draw her hand now that the conversation had taken this turn. ‘ I suppose I most,’ Baid Enid, in a scarcely audible tone. Then she turned away her face and said, ‘ You can go now, Parker; I feel better. I think that I shall go to sleep.’ But she did not sleep even when Parker had departed. She lay thinking, with the tears gathering and falling one by one, nntil they had made a great wet spot on the pil low beneath her head. The shadow that hung over her young life was growing very dark. Parker had hurried into her own room, where she first shut and locked the door as if afraid even to think while it wasopen, and then wrung her hands in a sort of agony. ‘ To think of it—to think of it ?' she said, bursting into sudden sobs. ‘ And Miss Enid so sweet and innocent and gentle. What has Bhe done? What has she got to be put out of the way for ? Just for the sake of the money, I suppose, that it may all go to that wretched little Master Dick. Oh, she’s a wicked woman—a wicked woman; and I’d give my life never to have set eyes upon her, for she’ll be the rain of me, body and soul.’ But ‘she’ in this case did not mean Enid Vane. Parker was aroused from her meditations by the sharp tinkle nf a bell, which she knew that Mrs Vane must have rung. She started when she heard it, and a look of disgust crossed her face; but, as she hesi tated, the bell rang again, more imperiously than ever. Parker dashed the tear from her eyeß, and sped down the long corridor to Mrs Vane’s dresßingroom, Her hands were trem bling still. ‘ Why do you keep me in this way when I ring for you, Parker?’ said Mrs Vane, in her coldest tons. ‘ I raDg twice.’ ‘ Misß Vane wanted me, ma'am. I have been with her,’ There was an odd tremor in the woman’s voice. Mrs Vane surveyed her oritically. ‘ You look very strange, Parker. What is the matter with you ? Are you ill ?' ‘No, ma’am; but Miss Vane is.’ Connie grew a Bhade paler and looked up. She was still in her dressing gown—white, edged everywhere with costly lace—and her fair hair was hanging loose over her shoul ders. ‘ 111 ? What is the matter with her ?’ <l—l thought perhaps yon would know, ma’am,’ said Parker, desperately. Then, afraid of what Bhe had said, Bhe turned to a drawer, pulled it open, and began ransacking it diligently. From the moment ary silence in the room, she felt as if her shaft had gone home; but she dared not look round to see. ‘What on earth do you mean, Parker?’ said Mrs Vane, after that one dead pause, which said so much to her maid’s suspicious ears; the chill disdain in her voice was in imitable. ‘ How can I tell you what is the matter with Miss Vane when I have not seen her since dinner time yesterday ? She was well enough then—at leaßt, sb well as she has been since this trying weather began.’ ‘ Didn't you see her last night, ma’am, when you went to her room about 11 o’clock?’ Baid Parker, trying to assume a bolder tone, but failing to hide her nervousness. Again a short but unmistakable panße. ‘No, I did not,’ said Mrs Vane, drily, ‘I listened at the door to see if she was asleep, but I did not go in.’ •She seems to have been dreaming that you did, ma’am.’ * What nonsense,’ said Mrs Vane, a little hurriedly. ‘ You should not attend to all her fancies, Parker. You know that she has very odd fanoies indeed, sometimes. The shock of her father’s death when she wbb a child had a very injurious effect upon her nerveß, and I should never be surprised at anything that she chose to do or say. Pray don’t get into the way of repeating her words, or of imagining that they must neces sarily be true?' ‘No, ma’am,’ said Parker, submissively. Evidently there was nothing more for her to say. Well, perhaps she had put her mis tress on her guard. ‘ Oh, by-the-bye, Parker 1 There are two dresEes of mine in the wardrobe—the brown one and the silk—that you can do what you like with. And I wbb thinking of sending a little present to your mother. You may take this purse—there are seven pounds in it; send it to her from me, if you like, as a little acknowledgment of your faithful ser vice. And, if—if there is anything else that I can do for her, you need only mention it.’ ‘ Thank you, ma’am,’ said Parker, but without enthusiasm. ‘I don’t know sb there’s anything that sho wants at present.’ 1 Take the purße,’ Baid Connie, impatiently; ‘and then go away and eome back when I ring. I won’t have my hair brushed jast now. Is Miss Vane better ?’ ‘ Ybb, ma’am-r-Bhe’s better now.’ And Parker went nway, knowing very well that she had been bribed to hold her tongue. But after that interview she notioed that Enid seemed to recover tone and strength, that for a few succeeding days Bbe was more like herself than she had been of late, and that the symptoms of faintness and palpita tion which she had mentioned to Mr Ingle dew had disappeared. Parker nodded mys teriously as she remarked on these faots to herself, and thought that for once her inter ference had had a good effect,. She had lately found lesß to report con cerning Miss Vane’s movements than before Mr Lspel’s visit; for Enid’s ministrations amongst the poor had been almost entirely brought to a close on the ground that close cottages and the sight of suffering mußt ne cessarily be bad for her health. Accordingly she bad gone less and less to the village, and had seen almost nothing of Mr Evandale. Parker, being thus less often ■ on duty,’ found more time than usual for hsr own various soraps of business, and took occasion one evening to run out to the poßt office when all the family were at dinner; and while at the post-office she. noticed a stranger id the village street—a highly re speotable, venerable-looking old man with pictnresque white hair and beard. ‘That’s Mr Dare, who's a-stayin’ at the inn,’ said the postmistress to Parker, who was a person of considerable importance in village eyes. 'Such a nice old gentleman. He comeß from Amerioa, where they say he’s made a fortune, and he!a very liberal with his money.’ So good a charaoter interested Parker at once in Mr Dare. She felt quite flattered when, in passing down the lane she wsb aa costed by the gentleman in question, who pulled off his hat to her politely, and asked her whether she oould toll him if Mr Lspel was likely to visit Beechfield Hall in the course of a week or two. ‘ Let me see J’■ said Parker. ‘Why, yes, sir—l heard yesterday that he was coming down next Saturday, just for a day or two you know.’ ‘I used to know a Mr Lepel onoe,’ said the stranger,’ and he did me a kindness. If this is the same, I’d like to thank him before I go. I heard him mentioned np at the Grown yonder, and wondered whether I could find out?' ‘ I daresay it’s the same—he’s always a very kind gentleman,’ quoth Parker, remem bering the half-crowns that Hubert had many a time bestowed on her. ‘Fair, isn’t he?’ said Mr Dare. ‘That was my Mr Lepel—fair and short and stout, and a nicß little wife and family—•’ ' Ob, dear no—that ian’t our Mr Lepel,’ said Parker, with disdain. ‘ He’s tall and very dark and thin; and, an to being mar ried, he’s engaged to Miss Vane of Beech field Hall; or br good, as engaged I know; and they’re to be married w.hon ehe's out of her teens, beoauso' the General, her uncle, won't consent to it bofore.’ ‘All,’ said the stranger, ‘you’re right; that’s not the gentleman I know. Engaged, is he? And very fond of the youug lady, I suppose?’ ‘ Worships the very ground she treads upon,' said Parker. She would have thought it infra dig. to allow for one moment that Miss Enid did not meet with her deserts in the way of adoration. ‘He’s always ooming down here to Bee her. And she the same. I don’t think they could be happy apart. He's just devoted.’ ‘ And that,’ said Reuben Dare to himself, ‘is the man who makes my girl believe that he is fond of her.’ (To be continued next Saturday.) 