Victorla Theatre. '"THE" DOUBLE EVENT." Tnm Messrs. Maenmhon, in soleoting Mr. George Darrell's dramatisation of Nat Gou d's Australian sporting story, "The Double Event," as the piece with which to open their Easter season, could not have hit the public taste bettor, us was testified by the splendid house which witnessed the initial perormance on Saturday evening. The Msers,. Maemahon have the reputation for staging pieces well, but in the "Double Event" they have excelled themselves. The plot of the piece lit hinees on two great Australian roces, the Melbourne Derby and Oup, for which Richard Marston (Mr. George 11ocU) has a colt entered, on which he has .."ed heavily. Having doubts as a .'oe honesty of his trainer, a gentle [I ?', who rejolces in the, sobriquet ' ''iger" Fletcher (Mr. Ohas. tail) he, * Wrges him, and engsces in his place a Yor.¾,'e trainer, Ike Jhurston (Mr. Phil Welsh). 'v this aotion Marston gains the enmity Os %.'cher, who attempts to bribe the jnokeys,~ ","' Walls (Mr. Daly) to pull the horse. "1 'n;"oantime Fletcher and his satellites Solly X *'9ntd Tonoy oelos bht against the horse ,...*?l* ig that the jookoy intends to ride aigu,,,r"'moniue to 'hobble" the animal. , Flotclie' icer had of coursi a duplicate key of tkh'?". which af tar his discharge he retained; 2. with this, disguised as a ghost, he enters the' hox and injects poison into the horse's foot. Fortunately thefoctie diocovered in time, and before the day of the raceo the poison Is abstracted and the horse none the worse. On the eventful day the jockey is asaulted sand although ahstsbln boy ei put in the saddle, tle horse w oth easily, thereby ruIning Fletcher end the other roguesa The story In divided into four cnts with ten senses, and although all tha incidents of the novel are re tainod the dratisntlwon permits of the piace beIng over in two hours and a half. The charactor of the h-re of the pecer, Richard Mareton, is, of course, taken by Mr. George Darrell, who gives a genteel nter prettlwon of the muanly, etrah htforwacd sporteean. The burden of the ilece, how ever, really fals oa Mr. ohbe. all, who lit the citthonkful part of the villain, Tiger Fletcher, cotild not he excelled. h hoearit hewed thomaninthdoyan his prosperityaa cruel scnoring holly, and gaen a lifoliaol. sketch of the career which ended in sol. The characters of the Jew boowcaoer "Solly Yates" (Mr. h. D. poles), who overlaid his book, antd hio dupe, Tony Neles (inbr L. hecTh), could not havo been phaed in botter hands The former proved himsolf a bos n comedian, and made the mot of a splendid lowt comcdy part. The sutpess which 'at attended Mr. Foley's impereonaeion wee contributed to in no small degree by Mr.t lokih, who in the chwetoter of ah sprting larriein, played well up to his lead. The love scones between the two and Nell?b 'White rMiss May Ellis), a bares lad u t Fletcher hoteln were inexpressibly funny. 'The yoaiyg laody in paritcular was ex ceptioe good, end did ample justice to the gooheertcd, thouarie alightly vulgar haittoter. Mieo Myarin Langtoh , first as Daitesy, the decoy tt Fletcher's hoade, aed afterwards as Lhdy Mtyfild, had t a vety diflloult part to play, bitt coins thocegh thce ordetal wiuh flying coliturs. Mr. H. daville was sufficiently 'English in his mannertoi make a very good Lord Mayllhld, and as he did the only important thlig be had to?do, vie., make love to Daisy well, anc brave publle opinion by merryiog the lady of doubtful antecedents, the audience, who like good nature, fairly oceered him. Misc Maid~e Coreoran was natural and ladylike as ldith Kingdon, and made the most of the, smnll part.' The other characters were well repre, sented. " The dialogue' of a 'sportiqg play is never very brilliant, Lnut in". The Double veut_ " at, any rate, it Is smart and the characters niatural.' It is en tIme staging, however, that the sanooase of such pieces depends, and it was duo to this as muoh as to the good aoliig that the management scorcd their triumph. 'The seone of the play is laid in Melbourne, and the eurtain"rises on a realistic view of the VIctorian Club, with the members taking the odds. The great scene, however, is that showing the Fleminglon IRsoecoursa in all its splendour of early summer. The race for .the Cup is showo, with the dis tent miniature horses .raiitg rounc the far turn, The race was rendered most realistic by several racehorses, being made to finish one the stage. The pteoe was singed with regard to e'very little detail, and the prodittion was worthy of a metropolitan . tattero, A speclalmi ed of praiso is due to Mr. T Gore, who had charge of the lime lIght effects, which worn splendid. "The Double' levent" will be repeated to-night acd to-mdrrow, taud on Wedneiday "The Sunny h0ath "wIll be staged. In order to preventtany crushing to.night the doors will be ehiown open at 0,45. . ' 