CHAPTER V. ' A lady !' repeated Bryant, in the blankest dismay, ' at this hour of night ! Good God, Peters, why did you let her in ? Why didn't you say that I can't attend to business at night ?' ' I did say so, sir, over and over again, but it made no sort of difference to her : she said her business was most important, and that she must wait till you came in. I begged of her to call again to-morrow, but she wouldn't so much as listen to me ; she said you would not mind her stopping, and that she didn't care how long she waited, so long as she saw you. She has been here ever since nine o'clock,' added Peters, almost piteously. ' I didn't like to leave her by herself, in case she might be one of them lady thieves as goes about and carries off the silver ; I thought it my duty to remain till you came in.' Bryant was divesting himself of his wet overcoat. He was very much annoyed with Peters for allowing any client, more espec- ially a woman, to go into his rooms at night, and he frowned heavily, whilst the corners of his lips assumed a certain stern deflection with which Peters was familiar. ' You are certainly very much to blame,' he said, with displeasure, ' and I trust you will never let such a thing happen again on any pretext whatever. However, I dare say it is only my aunt, Mrs. Conway.' Peters was the soul of discretion, but at these words he put up his hand to his face, and the ghost of a smile which he respect- fully endeavored to conceal flitted across his solemn features. ' I don't think it is your aunt sir,' he said, dryly. Valentine was in no hurry to encounter the unknown invader. There were several letters that had come by post lying on the hall table, and he proceeded to open them leisurely : the lady, whoever she was, must wait his convenience. He had a great many ladies among his clients, none of them young or handsome, and he considered that whoever this particular lady might be, she ought at any rate to know better, than to invade him after business hours and to remain until the middle of the night in his chambers. It was unconscionable. ' If you please, sir,' said Peters' voice behind him, ' if you do not want me any longer, I shall be glad to go home. My wife is poorly to-night, and if you could manage about getting the lady a cab—— ?' ' Oh, yes, yes, of course,' answered Valen- tine, with more impatience than he usually showed to his inferiors. ' Go home, cer- tainly ; I can get the lady, a cab perfectly.' He was, in fact, rather anxious to get the old man out of the way whatever the mystery of this lady might turn out to be, he felt that he had just as soon be alone to unravel it. Peters went away quickly and thankfully, and heard the hollow of his footsteps as they died away on the stone staircase outside ; if he had seen him chuckling to himself all the way down, he might have been less glad to be relieved of his presence. It was odd how his heart suddenly began to beat when he found himself alone, face to face with the necessity of tackling the in- truder. He entered his study ; the room was empty and it increased his annoyance when he gathered from the sight of the half-open door of the room beyond that this audacious woman had actually penetrated into his own sanctum. He lifted the portiere curtain and went in. The slight figure of a woman was seated in his favorite arm-chair close to the shaded lamp on the table. She had found herself a book, and was reading. At his entrance she looked up quickly and rose to her feet. For the first bewildered moment he hardly recog- nized her ; he only saw that she was young add infinitely lovely ; then remembrance came back to him, and he knew her. ' Miss Fairfax ! you !' he claimed, thunder- struck at the sight of her. ' Yes, it is I.' And she smiled and held out her hand. ' Are you very much sur- prised to see me, Mr Bryant ?' ' Very much indeed,' he answered, emphati- cally, coming forward into the light without noticing her outstretched hand, and as she saw his face more fully she perceived that he was not only surprised, but exceedingly dis- turbed, at the sight of her. ' I hope you will forgive my waiting to see you,' she said, apologetically. ' You see, I am in great trouble, and you promised— you even swore it on your honor, if you remember—that you would be my friend.' ' Miss Fairfax,' said Bryant, very seriously, ' you ought not to be here. Do you know the hour ? Why did you not wait till to- morrow to see me ? Of course I am your friend, I hope always to be so, but you must see for yourself that you have taken a very extraordinary step. Is your guardian in town ? The best thing you can do, I think, is to go straight back to him in a cab at once, and if you will come again in the morning I will give you the very best assistance that I can. Besides, I cannot discuss business now ; it is too late ; the first thing to be done is to sake you back to Mr. Kirby's protection.' ' You don't understand ! I cannot go to him : he is not in London. I have run away.' ' What !' almost shouted Bryant, and then he remained staring hopelessly at her. ' You have run away ? Do you mean that he does not know that you have left Hillside ?' ' He probably knows it by now,' replied Enid, tranquilly, ' but he would not be able to follow me to-night : he had to go into Reading this afternoon, and he was not ex- pected back till seven o'clock, and there is no later train to town.' ' But, good heavens, Miss Fairfax, do you realize the position in which you have placed yourself ?' cried Valentine, with ever- increasing dismay. ' It is a very unfortunate position, I admit,' said said, sorrowfully, ' but it is not half so bad as the position I have been in for the past week. Oh, Mr. Bryant !' she cried, clasping her hands together with sudden passion, ' save me from those men ! if you knew what I have gone through ! if you knew what I have suffered at their hands !' ' Those men ? You mean Mr. Kirby ?' ' I mean Mr. Kirby and his son.' ' His son ? the man you are going to marry ?' ' I will not marry him !' she cried, almost frantically, wringing her hands together and pacing about the room like a beautiful caged animal. ' It may be wicked, it may be in- human on my part, —Mr. Kirby says it is,— but I cannot bring myself to it.' ' My dear young lady,' said Bryant, very seriously, ' pray sit at down again. Try and be calm and tell me what has happened. I confess that what you say fills, me with amazement. I imagined from what your guardian told me that your marriage was to be one entirely of affection.' ' Of affection ! Good heavens !' she cried, sinking back into the chair he had pushed forward to her : ' why, poor James is so ill he cannot move without help. I don't believe he will live a month. I pity him from the bottom of my heart, but I cannot feel any affection for him ; it makes me shudder to go near him, and when he takes my hand and tries to draw my face down to his—oh !' and she covered her face shrink- ingly with her hands. ' But was he not away on business the day I was with you ?' ' Oh, no ; he was upstairs in bed all the time.' (So Mrs. Stourton's story was true, after all !) ' Mr. Kirby did not, of course, want you to see him,' she continued ; ' he looks so terrible, poor fellow, and his cough is dreadful to hear ! I ought to pity him,— I do, indeed I do,—but I cannot, cannot marry him ! the mere thought fills me with loathing.' ' I should think so. But why did you not tell me all this while I was at Hillside ?' ' I tried to. But you know what hap- pened. He would not give me a chance. He knew I would appeal to you, so he put something in that sherry to make you drowsy. I tried to wake you up, but you could not understand me, and then he came in, and it was too late, and he turned me out of the room.' ' But this is really terrible, Miss Fairfax. The man must be a devil !' ' He is, I believe. All this last week he has shut me up in my room ; I have been half starved. It was done to make me marry that poor dying creature before my birthday.' ' Before you are of age?' said Bryant, sharply. ' When will that be ?' ' I shall be twenty-one to-morrow, and every day this week he has been trying to drag me to the church, where that poor half deaf and nearly blind clergyman, whom he has hoodwinked completely, was to marry us —and this morning was the last chance. I would not go, and I believe he would have beaten me till he half killed me to-night. He said he would.' ' My poor child, how terrible ! Could you not have written to me, or to some other friend ?' ' I have only one other friend ; but I could not have sent a letter by post : my door was locked, and the servants were paid to spy upon me. No, my only plan was to escape. When I found out that he had gone away for the afternoon, I got out by my bedroom window ; I tied the sheets together and let myself down into the garden while he was out and the servants were all at dinner. It is not very high up. I threw my bag out first, and then I got down without hurting myself. I walked all the way to the station. Luckily I should be safe with you, because you are a lawyer and will know what to do to take care of me.' Bryant was silent for a moment. Her absolute faith in him touched him, at the same time that her entire innocence and ig- norance of the world filled him with per- plexity. In truth, the position in which she had placed him was a sufficiently embarrass- ing one, and already he foresaw all the difficulties and annoyances she was likely to cause him. ' My dear Miss Fairfax,' he said, at length, ' I assure you that you have my deepest sympathy, and I will serve you to the best of my ability, but it seems to me that the only thing to be considered at this moment is what you are to do to-night. Do you know any, lady in town to whom you could go ?' She shook her head. ' I do not know any women at all ; my only friend is a man, and he is quite young : that is why I came to you. I thought,' she added, naively, ' that, as you were old, it would not signify.' The word made him wince ; he did not like it. He looked at her oddly : was she laughing at him ? Not in the least. Her face was quite serious. Did she really think him ' old,' then ?—too old to know that she was beautiful ? He was angry with her for a moment, and suddenly the hot blood danced in his veins, and every pulse of his being tingled with new excitement. Too old, in- deed ! too old for life and love and rapture of a woman's kiss ? Oh, if she only knew ! He gave a short, bitter laugh that startled her. Mrs. Challenger, he remembered, had thought him old too ! Ah ! Mrs. Challen- ger ! Why on earth had she gone away ? She was the one woman in the world who would have been of the most use to him, who could have helped him out of this predica- ment : by what fatality was it that she had been spirited away to the other side of Europe just at this unlucky moment ! (To be Continued). After the Spanking — Mother — Now Johnnie, I don't want to catch you ever in that jam closet again. Johnnie (sobbing)— An' I don't want you to, nuther.—Detroit Free Press. The Eternal Feminine.—Jess—Jack tried to pump me last night on your age. Bess— You didn't tell him ? Jess—Of course not ; I said you didn't look it.—Pick-Me- Up. Mamma—And how did my little pet get to sleep last night without mamma? Little Pet—Papa tried to sing to me like you do, an' I hurried up an' went to sleep so's not to hear it. The manager of a strolling company was requested by a big-wig of a certain town to play ' Henry VIII.' Alas, it was not in the company's repertory ; but rather than dis- appoint his patron, he offered, without a moment's hesitation, to give ' Henry IV.' twice over. ' Paw,' said Johnnie Jimkins, reflectively ; ' isn't it strange that you and me and maw should have all met ?'— Union Gazette. 