A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN; LIFE. Br MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED,. •Authoress of "An, Australian Heroine,* "Policy and Passion," "Nadihe;":: "Miss Jacobs en's Chance," " Arina," " The : Romance of a Station," and (in-conjunction. with Mr. Justin-McCarthy)' "The Right' , Honorable," "The Ladies' Gallery," &c.;,' ■'IPubliahed by special arrangement with the' author. All rights-reserved.] Chapter. XX.—(Continued.) "I used to think," she went oil in a childlike way, "that you were to me something of what Daniel Doronda was to Gwendolen." " Oh, do not say that," lie cried. "It is true. I leaned on you in- the same .way."' "I was not in tlie very least like Daniel: Doronda." . • "No," she laughed, "you always said the conventional thing about him—that he was a/ woman's hero and not flesh and blood. Perhaps that is true, but it did not alter. Gwendolen's feeling. - If-' Daniel had_ had reason to believe- Gwendolen- insincere in her professions towards him and utterly unworthy in every way, no doubt he would have acted like a man's man and he would have run away in anger and disgust and left her to her fate, even if there had been no Myra in the case." " There was no Myra in the case," said the young man in a stifled voice. "No, there was only John Ironside. And when you found put that your Gwendolen had -: said the same things to .John Ironside—almost - as if you had appealed to him to teach her— quite differ ently,^ but then you would nob have -, known that; you would have thought it all just the same—all part of the play—when you found-that she had worked for him among the London poor, as Y did for you among the poor at Pelmarshes, and all the time as a reason for getting into touch with you, only as thelure of a coquette, only to lead up to the thrill ol a dramatic situation. ' Jfrightfully thrilling,7 you know, as Hilda "Wange would say. ButX forgot, you left England before Ibsen became the fashion.. Oh, well, it was no wonder that • you thought " "That you were preparing the same fate for me." " With all the same art and the same guile. Ob, yes, you might have said to yourself that one fine day . when- the play begins to -.get wearisome this double-faced wretch will throw off; her mask, and I shall see her as she is in her abominable selfishness and callous greed of power—just as lie saw her at the last. You might, very well have expected to find that she •had: only been amusing herself,.'playing a sort of game of chess with your sanctities, which, she had talked so finely about, just to make you believe her a simple innocent creature; and then, when she had checkmated yon and. the battle held' no more interest,' sweeping them off the board and bidding yon go about! your business and leave her to find a new amusement. Oh, how you would despise her ; how you would hate her!" " No, never that," he interrupted;: " And.liow you would glory m hurting her— as it was in your power alone to hurt her— with silent contempt. "When she had humiliated, herself—thrown herself at your feet " Gladys' voice was choked. She threw her arms over the back of the seat and buried her face in them; be could see that she shook with inward sobs. • ' ■ " Not to hurt her," he said, deeply troubled, " hut to save myself." "You did not give me credit for any human feeling," she'went on presently, lifting her head, bat not looking at him. "Did you think mo such an unnatural monster that L could bear to know myself the cause of a man killing himself and not die almost myself with shame and horror and remorse? You don't know how I suffered. Oh, you don't know how I suffered." t " I can believe it—now." '' If you had answered my letter—if you had come to see me just once again, I would have told you." She spolce very low and her words fell brokenly; "It was you who opened my eyes—at Eelmarshes—you made me want to be good—to strive after the _ highest—affection. It wasn't that kind of feeling he had for me. He let'himself go mad, I think. One idea pos sessed him. He was the sort of strong man who, when he gives way,-does so utterly—allows himself td be absorbed, overwhelmed by one desire. And when he can't gratify -it—don't' you understand? How-could I foresee that he would want —that he would have i.had me give up everything for him alto gether. He. would] not believe that I had never cared for him in that way. No,, never, never for one ■ instant. -Then I got reckless too and I told him just how it had been, arid my badness and''how I had purposely at the end led him on. And then, how knowing you had made me. realise . ... I said I would do all I could to blot the remembrance of him out of my life.. Then, he said—things about you. He—it drove him wild..; He said be would kill you—or himself—and. the next I heard- was that he was dead . . . And I tried to make you know—and yo'u. wouldnot——" 1 "Ah!" Blanchard cried. " I understand I There was something that was always a. mystery—something between him- and me— the night he shot himself. I know now." . Gladys got up and stood before him. "I have told you; And I have nothing more to say. I came all the way to say this— all the way to Australia. Try- not—not to think so hardly."' - - Her words seemed to melt into a - sob. She turned swif tly and was some paces from him before he spoke. "Gladys," he called; but sh3 would nob turn back and lie saw- her - white form vanishing like a ghost'behind the orange trees. 