A COXFIRORA rro.v SEII VICF. The Eight Kev. Dr. Cawidge, Bishop of Bathurst-, conductad a confirmation service .in Holy Tritrity Church on Sunday morn ing. There was a large congregation. The Bishop was assisted by the Von. Archdeacon Wilson, incumbent. Seventeen candidates presented themselves, eight males and nine females. Before performing the ceremony the Bishop gave on address. He said in some parts of this country the idea prevailed that a confirmation was ono of those things .which concerned very few people indeed, and concorned more especially and simply those who were about to receive the sacred rites of the laying on of hands, but he was right glad to know and feel that in the greater part of tho parishes of that diocoso, and more especially in this parish, ao such notion existed, judging- by the large assemblage in tho Church that morning. A confirmation service was ono of th030 sorvicos in which they were all prepared to take on individual and par ticular interest. But there was one thin" he would especially like) to impress on the minds of tho congregation, and > that was, tho great importance of bringing youn» persons to confirmation at an early age! There was an idea prevalent that confirma tion ought oDly to be received by certain persons who, he would r;vv, had arrived at the age of 14, or 15 years. When they cam-; to study the history of the primitive Church, when it was so closely in contact with apostolic times, they found that in every cage, and distinctly according to "What was oalled the cunon law of tho) Church, continuation was administered at a very early age,- the limit of confirmation appeared to be 12 years. If they came to i fitudy the teachings of the Prayer Hook | and compared it with tho te&cliiugtf; of those primitive times, they found that about 12 yeais of age was the proper time for j children to be brought to confirmation. Bui l >m'j people would Buy, " How is it that persons should ba brought at so early an age for confirmation 'i" What did the .frayor Uool lay down ? It distinctly said that certain things ouglit to be known, that was to S.1J-, the Catechism, the Lord's Prayer, ami the Ten Commandments. It required likewise that the age should be that of discretion. Ho believed that at 12 years a child was very much more intelli gent as a rule than at the age of 15 or Ki years, lint people were much more easily taught at that lime than they were at a later date. Supposing they wanted to ?equip certain soldiers and prepare certain .soldiers for a campaign, would they wait until the soldiers wero in the forefront of the battle before they gave them their .arms and showed them how to use them ? At the ago of 12 years unquestionably a .child could be better trained to fight the battle of life. If they thrust a ehild 15 years of age right ill the front of the battle they would be doing the thing that no wise general would do. They had to give a .child all the weapons for fighting; they waited to give the child nil the strength and power, so that when the child went forth to Ugh: the battle of life it win pre pared to use the weapons and to stand out clearly and distinctly, not merely as a valiant soldier, but a trained soldier of the Lord Jesu3 Christ, and hence tho leaders ?of their Church at the present time, the Archbishop of York and Archbishop of Canterbury, were urging that confirmation ought not to be delayed to tho age of 15 years. If they did delay a very large number .of person-, were, as it ware, lost to the Church, bec:ms.' the rite had not been administered. They had gone out to fight the battle of tho Lord right away from the influence of the Church, and at a later period of life it had been found exceedingly difficult to recall them. Then again he held very distinctly that they could not bring a child w ho had arrived at years of dis cretion-and these years were unquestion ably IS years, to Uuly Communion too soon. The sooner they bcg&n; to train their youno people in that way, tho better it would be tor them in-after life. Why was it, when they looked around upon the members of their Church, there were so very few who really came constantly to Holy Commu nion ? He believed the reason for this was in a very great measure due to the fact that they were not brought early enough to tho sacred rite and made at the same time to understand the great duty cast upon them by it. He said at the beginning it was quite clear to him that they, as members of tho parish, felt an interest in what they were going to do that day, but nevertheless he wanted to show them that there was an individual and practical interest in the sacred rito which concerned «very person present in the church that morning. He would simply take the -members of the congregation. When young people came forward to roceivc the natural complement to baptism, and go forth fully equipped as soldiers of Jesus Christ, was it possible that the members -of any devout congregation could feel "°ther than interested at such a time r They must look back, many of them, upon the time when they were confirmed, and .ask " Have I really kept within my inmost BOUI that strengthening influence of God the Holy Ghost K" Had they been since confirmation acting up to what they said they would do at that particular time? Hence, looking back into the past and look ing forward into the great hereafter, which was only boundod so far as they were con cerned by eternity itself, they should feel, every one of them, that the occasion of a .confirmation wus a solemn searching ono which individually concerned every single member of the congregation. Then those of them who were sponsors must feel .deeply interested at the time of doing what they had really been entrusted to do, carefully looking after the religious train ing of these young people, lie believed the training of every church child should begin at the beginning; that was exactly what the church required should bo done. . It committed the child to the special care of sponsors-god father and god mother and thjso sponsors were to instruct them in certain definite things. Ho did not want them simply to think that because the ?children went to the Sunday School, and as church children were taught the church catechism-because any school that did not teach the chnrch catechism was not worthy the name of a church school-he did not want them to think that because they went to the Sunday School that they had done their duty. As sponsors they should strive to take an especial interest in tho child's Sunday school career. The first to oiler themselves as teachers of the Sunday school should bo the sponsors, but they should not content themselves with that. If they had an opportunity of questioning the children when they got home, or at some other time, thev should take the opportunity. He would like them all to feel this, that the whole church training of tho children should be year by year leading up to confirmation. They, as clergymen, had special instructions to give . children preparatory to confirmation, and in consequence of great neglect they often found that these young people required a great Ae*l of special training at the par ticular time, but. if there had been ^radna! teaching given to the children leading up to the Unto of confirmation, the work of the clergy at that particular period would be very much «ssk>r and mure practicable. Tien, it was the duty of the sponsors always to see that one of their number were present at church, when the young person for whom they made certain vow; and promises, was confirmed. The church dis tinctly-required this. - The parents, he was sure, were prepared to do all they could for the welfare of their children, but they should ii-'ver forget that tho bust thing thay could do for their children was to train [ them uj> in the fear and nurture of tlia Lord. While they cared for them in their temporal concerns, thoy should not forget the highest spiritual existence of the soul. He would remind the fathers that it was their duty to supplement the teaching of the mother, and always go, so faros possible, with the children to church. Not merely did the service like that concern the individual members of the congregation, tho sponsors, and parents, but it was an occasion which for tho clergyman should feel the deepest possible interest. He re membered the years he was a parish priest, he felt the time of approaching confirma tion-and confirmation itself is a most solemn and important time. Tho priest was brought into close contact with the young persons, and so much depended on the teaching oonveyed to them, and he was confident that the careful instruction given to them had been such that they would greatly profit by it. They must not forget that certain parsons had come that morning to receive the laying on of hands. It was a right and proper tiling to do. It was something that was done by the Lord Himself, something which He told His Apostles to do, and something which the Apostles told those who followed tlieni to do, and the bishops hud carried down from generation to generation the sacred heritage and duty. That same thing was going to be done that morning; they were going to receive the laying on of hands. He wanted them not merely to feel that they were going to receive the laying on of hands, but he wanted tham to be earnest in their prayers to Almighty (3od, and it would give to them real blessing, Tliey must remember that confirmation did not bestow upon them the forgiveness of their sins, but it gave them strength tu overenm.) siu. The Iiishop then performed the confirma tion ceremony, after which he again ad dressed tho congregation. He said he | trusted that thos,1 present would feel it their bouuden duty to impress on the young people the importance of coming to the sacred rit», and if any parsons of more nriture age had not received it, and who were members of the Church of England, lie trusted thoy would no longer neglect what the cliureh looked to as a bouuden duty, and what their Lord so distinctly ordered. Ho did not want any of those who had just been confirmed to feel that because thoy had received the groat rite of con firmation, therefore they need not do any thing more in relation to the Christian lif c having had that done for them, and having as they thought reeeivod it properly, they need not do anything more in fighting the battle. If they got into that frame of mind let him set them right on the subject at once. They had got a step in advance that day; they had got weapons put into their hands, and had been shown how to use them. Thoy hail bjen equipped for fighting, not for standing still ; not for the purpose of living lives of carelessness, but for proving to the world that they were really soldiers of Jesus Christ. They must not forget to be constantly in communica tion with their Father in Heaven ; not to forget to ask for the constant assistance of His Holy Spirit. When they found tempta tion was getting the mastery, they must ask for God's heli>. They must remember that God did not help those who would not help themselves. They must pray for their father, mother, sisters, brothers, friends, and relatives, and likewise he trusted they would endeavour always to be regular ill their prayers, night and morning. They must not pray by fits and starts. The Church of England prayers were the most beautiful prayers-was it not John Wesley who said there were no prayers like thi prayers of tJi? Church of Knglsnd-bat they might be unmeaning words unless they U60d them rightly. Wh»n the clergy man uttered the words, let their hearts go with him. They must not forget to go to the Holy Communion. Ha presumed they wanted to go to Hcavon. If he put the question to every member of the congrega tion, it would be answered in the affirma tive. All said they wanted to go to Heaven. Why did they go to church'( because thoy wanted to know something about the way there. They must not take certain passages from the Scriptures and say that was their religion ; they must take the book as a whole, and the Christian teaching as a whole. If they went to the history of the airly church they found that the Holy Communion was the chief service, bnt to-day they had reversed the order of things, and made prayer and praise as the chief services. He hoped they would go with the utmost regularity to the Com munion. They muRt endeavour to the utmost of their power to obey their mother's commands ; as sure of this, that in the end, whatever their reward might be, they would get it, and the award would be infinitely gr.-liter than any of them'had the slightest conception of in the mortal life. At the evening service the Bishop preached from the text, " And ho showed me a pure river of water of life, clear and crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb." Eevelation XXII, 1. The discourse was on the subject of the Trinity. 