LONDON LETTER. Loxdok, August 7. (From Oar Own Correspondent.) This week witnessed the arrival in England of that noble chow, Li Hung •Chang, or should it be Li Ohung Tong, ior so the venerable chinkie is called by the notoriously well-informed Cockney 3Press. He is to be lodged and fed at the expense of the grumbling but loyal British tax-payer, and every effort is to 4)e put forth to impress His Celestial Ex. with the greatuess of this wonderful little country, and, if possible, to gecure -some substantial orders for war and railway material, which the " grand old .Mandarin" is said to have in his bag. Some of the papers are publishing his alleged impressions of his Western tour. What first struck Li Hung Lhaag on <his arrival in Europe was the splendour and energy of the great railway systems. Then it was the size and grandeur of the •cities. He has been greatly astonished «t the affability of the Royal and Imperial personages he has met. The friendliness with which he has been received by sovereigns, the solicitude of princesses in his well- being, and the happiness of everyone in the several Courts were all in striking contrast to the narrow, inflexible class distinctions ait home. At first he did not like this ; he thought it wrong, aa encouraging violation of Court discipline. But he •has grown accustomed to it, as to many other strange, unlooked-for revelations. Another theme of wonder is the habit of monarchs and their consorts to dance. To Li Hung Chang the dance is almost limited to a form of hired entertainment. He cannot understand a Premier allowing himself to do it. Discussing this accomplishment of Western life, Li •said, " Bat surely you do not tell me the Prince of Wales dances ?" When assured that it was so he responded, But not the Princess of Wales ?" Of his mission he talks rcticently. He leels that one nation is playing him off against its neighbors. He has been struck by the eagerness of Russ, Teaton and Gaul to lend China money, imild her ships, sell her gans, and make treaties with the Emperor. But hedis- •couragcs conversation on these points. Next week several Germans of eminence are to arrive from Berlin, when it is understood the earlier offers of service to Pekin will be revived. That Li's interests in Russia are warm may be judged by the excitement with which he heard a rumor that the Czar is to visit her Majesty at Balmoral. Mr. W. H. Wilson, whose work, *' Ironclads in Action," attracted so much attention early in the year, has just suggested that to make editors of newspapers liable to compulsory military service would be a capital plan to keep the world's peace. Very likely. Most newspapers glorify war. And not only positively, but negatively—that is, by constantly refraining from dwelling upon its real horrors. Special correspondents never tell their readers anything about the real horrors of war. Mr. Wilson might have said that the parsons are even greater sinners, in 4>oth respects, than the editors. This week our boys invaded Brummagem, and were opposed by a very strong Warwickshire combination, and as if toemphaeise the glorious uncertainty of the game, licked the Midlanders by an innings and 60 runs. The Britishers simply went to pieces before the terrific •onslaught of the Kangaroos' bowling. 4 This will be my last visit to England, and I hope to make it a good one," George Giffen declared to his friends before leaving Adelaide, and he is going the right way to keep his intention. No Antipodean cricketer has greater fame in England than the Australian Grace," but to see George Giffen at his best one has to witness his performances at the Adelaide Oval or in Sydney, with the thermometer registering 106deg. in the shade. The English climate does not suit him, and the treacherous winds and moist air are more than be can stand with comfort. The change from the heat of an Australian March to the bleakness of an English April put him out of condition immediately on his arrival here. No man can do his best when his head is splitting and his eyes are burning with an influenza cold, and that has been G iff en's state during at least part of the last three months. Mr. Harry Musgrove, the popular manager of the visiting Australian Eleven, will return with the team to Australia, but I hear it is quite possible " Muzzy " will not long remain " down under," as it is more than likely he will return here as soon as convenient to join his brother George, who has taken a London theatre. It is to be recorded and regretted that, in the opinion of competent critics, the Venezuelan dispute with our Brother Jonathan is not over, but may probably break out again with increased v irulence. If not disposed of under the present administration, it may become a matter of grav8 difficulty to bring about a rational and cool understanding under a new President and a new Secretary of State. The desire of a new set of men, Unshed with electioneering successes, to indulge in the historical Yankee pastime of twisting the spinal appendage of the British lion may prove of the gravest consequences. Lord Salisbury has, it is said, reached a point in the proposed arbitration negotiations beyond which he does not at present desire to go, and matters may be brought to a crisis very shortly. Of course the great bulk of the people on both sides of the Atlantic make for peace, but the Jingoes on both sides are rusty for the want of a shiudy, and so it may come about that wise counsels and cool judgments may be disregarded, and the English-speaking nations be plunged into all the horrors of a fratricidal strife. In the meantime, let us all hope for the beet. According to the latest return of the Registrar-General the population of the United Kingdom is now estimated at about 39,500,000, of whom nearly 31,000,000 belong to England and Wales, Scotland claiming 4,000,000 and Ireland 4,500.000. That there is no early prospect of the race dying out is manifest from the fact that the balance of births over deaths for the first three months of the present year was 131,320. There was, moreover, a very marked diminution in the number of emigrants between April and June. A very curious statement is made by an English legal contemporary. According to this authority, it costs the Incorporated Law Society moie than £6000 per annum to maintain discipline in the body which they represent. Roughly speaking, there are 18,000 solicitors in the country, two-thirds of whom are provincial practitioners. By a curious coincidence, the amount expended every year on keeping this large body of men within the strict limits of professional rectitude thus works out at the very appropriate figure of six and eight pence per head. An interesting incident occurred in the House of Lords the other night, which epeaks for itself. Before Lord Salisbury made his statement on the Venezuelan question he wa| seen to go up the steps of the throne to speak to someone there. His small despatch box, containing the Foreign office papers, lay on the bench by his side. He would not trust it there, even for a few seconds. He carefully took it up, and with it went beyond the woolsack to speak to the visitor. Similarly, when he sat down, he locked up the box and carefully took it away with him. The British Premier evidently knew the company he was in ; but was not liis action a good commentary on the honesty of the peers? The Naval manoeuvres, now over, have proved at least one thing—that the smokeless powder, called cordite, is absolutely worthy of its name. Not the ghost of a shadow of a puff of smoke did the hnge guns charged with cordite give forth when they blazed away. Smokelessness will not change naval fighting, bat it will battles on land. In past land fights smoke was a target as well a? a screen. But when riflemen are firing under cover, and their powder is smokeless, it will be all the harder to get at them: Smokeless powder will change land tactics. Speaking of naval matters reminds me that a ship of a novel character is just about to be launched on the Seine, preparatory to undertaking a voyage by way of Havre to London. It is confidently believed by the designer, who is a very sanguine man, that, this vessel will demonstrate the possibility of steaming through the ocean at the same rate as on land. The new steamer consists of a platform 120ft. long by 34ft. broad, which is supported upon three pairs of hollow steel wheels, the diameter of which is nearly that of the breadth of the vessel, and which have an edge not altogether unlike the ordinary keel of a ship. This sea locomotive is driven in the ordinary way by an engine of 750 horse-power, which it is calculated will produce a speed of 50 miles an hour. Major M'Kinley, Republican candidate for the American Presidency has been singing the praises of women in a recent speech. " There is no limitation," he said, 4 to the influence that 4 may be exerted by women in the United States, and no adequate tribute can be spoken of her service to mankind throughout its eventful history. In every step of our progress as a nation the devotion and sacrifices of women were conspicuous. 4 4 One of the best things of our civilisation in America is the constant advancement of woman to a higher plane of labour and responsibility. The opportunities for her are greater now than ever before. This is singularly trne here, where practically every avenue of human endeavour is open to her. Her impress is felt in art, science, literature, song, and the Government. Our churches, our schools, our charities, our professions, and our general business interests are more than ever each year directed by her. " Respect for womankind has become with us a national characteristic, and what a high, noble, and manly trait it is ; none nobler or holier. It stamps a true gentleman. The man who loves wife and mother and home will rcspect and reverence all womankind. He is always the better citizen for such gentle breeding. I congratulate you upon what woman has done for grand and noble objects in the past, I rejoice with yon at the wider and broader field of the present, and the splendid vista of the future, which is everywhere opening up for vou." At a meeting of the Irish National Federation in Dublin, Mr. Michael Davitt, who presided, said he placed a hundred times more hope for Ireland in the work of the forthcoming Irish Convention than fifty sessions in the Imperial Parliament. Between eighty and one hundred delegates from abroad would attend, and Ireland would supply nine- tenths of its delegation. The convention would not be packed in the intests of any section. It would not wake up old controversies, but would reinvigorate the national movement, and arouse patriotic energy. The convention, he beleved, would save the fortunes of the Home Rule cause. Before one year more had elapsed there would not be one Irish political prisoner left, suffering the horrors and indignities of penal servitude in England. Referring to the Land Bill, he said he did not understand why Colonel Saunderson and liis friends in the Commons, and the Arrans in the Lords should feel any alarm whatever with reference to its provisions. Their fears had no grounds. As to the Recess Committee, he said they did not want a reform of the Dub lin Castle Institution ; they wanted an end of the whole castle system. Mr Davitt pressed the memory of King Henry VIII. into the service of the 4 Irish tenants. 4 Henry VIII. had many demerits," said Mr. Davitt 4 4 One good thing about him ought to be remembered. On hearing that an English nobleman had ejected a yeoman from a honse built by his own labor, the King promptly committed the evictor to the Tower, which would be much too comfortable a place for an exterminating Irish Landlord." An extraordinary statement, to which the signature of Mrs. Parnell, mother of the late Irish leader, is attached, appeared in a Slew York contemporary a few days ago. In it she affirms her belief in her son's existence. Nobody who knew him, she alleges, saw his face after death. She expresses the belief, first, that he was killed by an English assassin : next, that he disappeared because he was unable to frequent his old haunts in the face of the ingratitude of those whose careers he had made : while in the third place, she feels certain that Charles Stewart Parnell was entrapped by emissaries of the Vatican, and is yet held for some purpose which she cannot divine. Mrs. Parnell adds that she intends to pass the rest of her days in Inland. She is over 80 years of age now, and it is highly probable that her physical strength will not long outlast her mind. Another of President Kruger's sayings is just to hand. Oi>m Paul, it is reported, at tbc time Johannesburg was merely Ferreira's mining camp, was one day riding over the Witwatersrand in ordinary burgher attire. He off-saddled near a waggon outspanned and owned by a German. The Teuton did not recognise the President, and held forth on the many things he would do were he ruler of the State. Suddenly Oom Paul, to the great astonishment of the German, who was a very small man, took off his coat, and, holding it out towards the stranger, said, " Put this on." 44 4 But," replied the latter, it's too big." "Just so," replied his Honor, with a grim smile, " I'm Paol Kruger, and if you could fill my jacket you might do greater things." The Teuton collapsed. It is impossible not to feel considerable respect for Messrs. Davies and Sampson, the two Reform prisoners, who are still in durance vile at Pretoria because they refused to join in the 4 petition to President Kruger. There is no reason that I am aware of," said Mr. Chamberlain, when questioned on the subject in the House of Commons 4 recently, why tfyey should not have joined their fellow-prisoners, and if they had done so, no doubt they would have been treated with equal clemency." That is true. There was no reason— other than a dislike to beg for mercy and a determination to take the consequences of their actions Very 44 un reasonable" conduct on their pa-' doubt: but the kind of conduct Englishmen respect, for all that. Davies is a West Australian, these Gornstalks get about, to be l According to the Standard Diggers' News, these two rem. Keform prisoners in the Pretoria cannot complain of their treatmen a matter of fact, they speak hig the manner in which they are tit They occupy the quarters which specially erected for the Reformers their room has a very tasteful ap ance. The first thing on entering room that strikes one's attention set of boxing-gloves, three or four p of dumb-bells, and some Indian cl They are thus in a position to part of exercise as often as they plet Three rows of books help to beaut the quarters, while flowers ore coi tinually sent in by friends. The root> is, comparatively speaking, well furnished, and they can have everything they pay for, except liquor, which is prohibited by the gaol regulations. They are well supplied with newppapers, few visitors calling without bringing something to read. At 8.30 p.m. tbey are locked in, but their lights are not put out. Their food is regularly sup- , plied from outside, and every attention ib shown to them by the officials. The ek-Reform prisoners would be surprised to eee the difference in the gaol at present when compared with the gaol of two months back. The change of gaolers has led to more cleanliness, and Be feral improvements are contemplated. A story is told of a Cornish miner who had a year's lease on a claim up in "The Little Kingdom" of Gilpin County, Colorado. He had spent eight months of the time in sinking a shaft to a considerable depth when, finding himself completely reduced in funds, and with no 44 pay rock" in sight, he was obliged to abandon, the lease. Another miner took up the work, and after sinking the shaft only three feet deeper, opened up a fine rich ore body. The Cornwall man, on learning of his successor's good luck, scowled a deep 4 purple. " Damme !" he cafd, 1 Ah'll never sink another shaft unless ah go three feet deeper !" The North Pole can hardly hope to maintain its privacy much longer. The balloon expedition is now probably on its way, for when last heard of it was ready to start, and was only waiting for a favourable wind. Meantime, the British expedition under Sir W. Martin Conway has crossed Spitsbergen—for the first time in all history—as great a feat in its way as the crossing of Greenland by Nansen some years ago. The Jeaffreson-Famham expedition, which is in touch with the other two, reports progress and many difficulties overcome. It is a veritable race for the Pole, and Nansen is still in it, if only as the dark horse. Other expeditions are prospecting in the same quarter, though not all of them have entered for the great prize. The Jaclceon- Harmsworth is making inquiries as to fauna and flora in that elevated region, but its precise intentions in regard to the Pole are its own secret. If he should happen to come across the Pole in the course of these scientific wanderings, Mr. Jacksou will not hesitate to discover it. Something must happen soon. Experience of the softer woods as paving material has led the. vestry of Paddingtou (London)—notorieus for its action on the cycle tax question—to adopt the hard Australian wood, not only because of its proved greater durability, but because of its nonabsorbent nature. Eight miles of the streets of the parish are wood paved. There is great future for the Westralian jarrah if the matter is onlv properly worked up by the right people. The vestry authorities in England know but little of the splendid qualities of our native woods for pavement purposes, «nd I am confident if the W.A. Gove—iment <? , ,'•.•> veal man over ' "it good ? 