[Continued from Saturday's Isscf,.] [all sights reserved.] SOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE PRIGS OF A LIFE By FABIAX BELL. author of ''after Long Tears,'* "stella,'" "The Maharajah's Diamonds," "The Hotse in the Fells." "The Letter i> Cyphee," " He and Sks, ': "The Hero or the ASiTi," etc., etc. CHAPTER XXX [II. Ghosts. The land oa the further side of the stream was more broken than any which R-ober*. Grimshaw had yetseen, and appeared to rise considerably; indeed they were now ascending the hill, though in a circuitous direction, and ■when the sua rose some hours later they had a splendid view of the great plain beyond'them and the wild gorges around. They were a long way from Crow Gully, and although Vost did not fail to look in all diiections for signs of the precious metal, he saw none. ■ He asked the natives whether there was 'plenty gold' there, bat they shook their heads intimating that it lay farther south. He also asked them whether they should go near the wonderful cave, but they f.gain answered in the negative, and comforting himself with the assurance that he should certainly find it later, he dismissed the subject from h'.s mind and cheerfully plodded on. As they left the river bank and mounted to a higher altitude they left the mosquitoes behind to Grimshaw s great satisfaction, to whom their attentions had been more clc-se than desirable. Their place, however, was taken by whole swarms of sand-tlies, which were but little less objectionable. The coun try was also a likely one for snakes, of which he had been repeatedly warned, though as yet fee had not seen any venomous ones, and he could not yet regard the harmless specimens with the profound indifference which was shown by his companions, both black and white. While the day was still young they came in sight of the mimis of the native camp, and in one of the largest of these tbey found Stubbs, carefully watched and tended by a biacV "in, who squatted by his side on the bare orsund like a figure carved in ebony, and only stirred from time to time to give him a drink or perform some trifling service. _ It was this woman who had set his injured limb and tended" him through the long fever with marvellous devotion and constancy, through he never knew why she had thus devoted herself to htm ; whether it was the natural gooinessof her heart, or whether she thought he was some mysterious creature whose anger she hoped to propitiate, or whose favor Ehe sought to win. Perhaps' she fancied it was the°spirit of her dead chief who thus re turned to the earth in the guise of a superior race. Stubbs'Tecognised Yost, and held out a thin hand in welcome. 'Itls good of yoa to come,' he said. ' Is that the doctor f Though Grimshaw was not a doctor, he for tunately carried some quinine and iron pow ders in his swag, and seeing that Stubbs1 ail ment was low fever, brought on by exhaus tion and his wound, he administered these with excellent effect, ao that the- natives, seeing the cure, brought all the sick people in the camp and laid them at the feet of the great medicine man, who vainly tried to make them understand that the drugs which would cure low fevec were not exactly adapted for the treatment of consumption and scrofula. But they, thinking that they had not offered sufficient inducement, brought^ nuggets and quartz; with pieces of gold in it, making signs to him that he should take these in pay ment for his services. ' What a pity we didn't bring a medicine chest with u*,' said Vest. ' We might have found the trade of medicine men more pro fitable than digging." Can't* you give them anything V * I have nothing but a box.of Cockle's pills,' said Robert, doubtfully. 'The very thing. Give them half a dozen apiece all round. It can't hurt 'em, and'may do good. Anyhow, it's sure to please them.' As soon a3 Stubbs became a little stronger he gave them an account of his experiences S in the treasure cave, of the death of poor Jakes, and of his own terrible and prolonged sufferings. ' ' ' ; I thought it was all up with me,' lie said. ' I never expected to get out of that cursed plsce, but now and'again I struck on the wall with my pick, and I shouted and called out, more to keep myself from going mad than from any hope of ever escaping thence. When I heard the blacks working away I cculd not believe my good fortune, and when the first ray of daylight came into the cave I think I must have become unconscious, for the next thing that I remember was finding myself in this mi-ni with that old black gin leaning over me. I thought she was a devil, but she has been more like an angel to me.' ' And what became of Haidcastle, or Hall, as you call him?' 'Curse him,' cried Stubbs, raising himself weakly on one arm, and uttering such a fear ful imprecation on the absent traitor that even Robert strove to Eilence him. They then compared accounts concerning the common enemy, and agreed to join forces and track him to his hiding-place, wherever that might be. They little knew that at that very moment he was advancing to his doom, having deter mined to pay another visit to the treasure cave before he left Australia for ever, and took his ill-gotten gains to one of the great cities of America, the presence of Eulalie, and her recognition of him, having shown him that Australia was . probably a more dangerous place than any other. ' She will scarcely pursue me to 'Frisco,' he thought; ' I will just mike one more trip to the treasure cave, and then I will leave this cursed place for ever.' Accordingly he bought a good horse, and took the journey by very easy stages, avoid ing all those places where he was at all likely to be recognised. He dropped the digger altogether, and gave uur that l:e was 211 English My-lord doing the colony. His princely airs and evident command of money supported this claim, and he me: with great consideration wherever he went. In this manner he was much less likely to be sus pected than if he had allowed people to fancy that he had anything to conceal. .When he reached the neighborhood cf Dead Men's Flat he made a considerable ddtour, and struck the plain at right angles with Canon Gully. He approached it very nearly at the landslip and rode swiftly down. His nerve did not fail, nor his conscience smite him when he contemplated that spot which had born such an important part in his Colonial experience. Here the tiger snakehad pursued and would have slain him but for Jake?. Where was Jakes now ? Here he had lured the two miners, Yost and Fritz, to their death. Were those their bones which lay bleaching further up the guily ! No, on a further inspection they proved to be those of a kangaroo which had probably fallen over the cliff. When he came to think of it the men's bodies had 110 doubt been carried further down the creek by the flood which had foilowad the memorable storm. He did not camp in the gully: it might have been too much even for his hardened nerves, but he stopped for some hours at the camping place under* the wattles, where Jakes had drunk of the muddy water which he would not touch, and Stubb3 bad told him stories of the drought in l^ew South Wales. The whole place was full of reminiscences of his old chums. They surrounded him on all sides and would not bo shaken ofl. Try as he might he couldnot help remembering what the one had said or the other had answered. He strove to turn the current of his thoughts , to look forward and not backward, but he could not do it. The solitary ride, the sight of these well- remembered spots, shook his nerve as if he had seen a ghost. TTe had intended to camp for tho night j under the wattles, but sleep was impossible i h&"f<?*»lcraL'sip from the flask which he carried in his pocket. but he did not dare to dr3w too ' : dp.eply from it, lest the time should come when he should "want it more. He would fain have kept a great fire for company, but there was no weed : and even had there been, he would not hnve dared to make a blaze lest it should attract enemies from some part.of the great lonely,plain. . . .. The silence was oppressive beyond words, and when a morepork broke the stillness with its long melancholy note, he could scarcely ., restrain a cry, and the perspiration poured down hi3 face. He had not felt like this in the day time. He longed for the sun to rise but it was scarcely midnight, lie had inten ded to remain under the wattles ail night, but he found it impossible to do so. Surely the place was haunted. He saddled his horse and resolved to push on as far as the river. He would have a good rest there, for then it would be daylight, and with the dawn the ghosts of the night woul'd clear away. There was light enough to see the landmarks, though there was no moon, and his gocd horse soon covered the thirty miles in his long swinging trot. At dawn they reached the river. ' New for a good rest,' said Hall, a"id find ing a sheltered spot he lay down with [a saddle tor a pillow, and was soon fast asleep. Bat in his dreams the tiger snake again pursues. Fast, fast, he flies, but the snake gains little by little. On, on he goes, strain iii" every nerve, faster and faster till the movement is agony. He approaches the gully. He looks out for Jakes. No Jakes is there. Jakes is dead, he can no longer help anyone. Faster and faster flies tha hunted man, nearer and nearer comes the1* snake. He can do no more. He falls, the creature's fangs are on his throat—he wakes and springs to his feet with a cry of horror. What is that on his throat. It is the ser pent after all. He puts up his hand and catches a large hairy-legged spider which h&3 -dropped from the tree above. . . After this it was useless to try and sleep any more. He would push on to the treasure 'cave, fill the' bag he had.brpnghfc with jhim and quit .the spot for everJ' He bathed in the river, took another dratn from the flask, and felt ready fir anythi >g. He forded the stream without difficulry, and threaded the labyrinthine track which led to Crow-Gully. He .knows the way well. This is the gully, this is the spot where the little camp stood. -To his surprssa he finds thst the tent which he himself had helped to fix is no longer there. He rubs his eyes and looks round. Cm he have mistaken the spot ? No, he re cognises one landmark after another and there are the very tent pegs which held down the flip. But - where is the tent? Some one must have been here and taken it away. Who ? Perhaps another party of diggers had been prospecting and had discovered the treasure. Perhaps—a more terrible thought still—J akes and Stubbs had escaped from the death-trap to which he had consigned them, and had themselves removed the tent to some other spot. How he wished he had not come. If he could only have found himself back in Mel bourne, not all the gold in the world would have tempted him to return to Crow Gully. But now that he bad come so far he could not for very shame turn back. No, he must brace himself to the task and go on to the bitter end, and that the end ra near he was himself dimly conscious It was impossible to ride further, so he tetLered his horse and pursued his way on foot. There was still water in the creek. This encouraged him, for it proved that the stream had not again been diverted from its bed, but that.having entered and probably filled the cave, had forced its way out into the old ■channel. ; : • He scrambled up the watercourse. It .seemed to him changed, there was certainly more water, and it rushed past him with greater force. Recent st- orms in the hilly district would account for this. He did not dream of the further mischief which they had done. It is hard work climbing over the wet slip pery stones, but it will soon be over. The rush of falling water is in his ears. He turns a comer, this is the spot from which in former days the cascade was visible, and afterwards the entrance to the cave. He stands transfixed. Can this be the same spot ? There is a- cascade, but not the one he remembers. An arch of rock is now filled-by the foaming torrent which falls be hind it in roaring thunder in the very space which had once been occupied by the treasure cave. For, in releasing Stubbs from his prisoji, the natives had broken down a great part of the roof, and the torrent, swollen by rain, had completed the work of destruction. The treasure cave had disappeared. Hardcastle could scarcely believe the evidence of his senses. He rubbed his eyes . and went still further, the round pool was filled to overflowing, it was impossible to go round, it or behind it, the old footholds had all been worn away. If any gold remained in the gully, and no doubt there *-as plenty, the only way to obtain it would be by again diverting the stream from its channel, an engineering task quife beyond his skill, and beyond the execu tion of any single pair of hands. Baffled and confused he turns to retrace his steps. What is that? Does he see a ghost? Deafened by the sound of rushing water he has not heard the steps of bis pursuers. In his downward path completely com manding the narrow gully stand three men. He knows them well. Two he be lieves himself to have slain. One is an enemy from the forgotten past. Surely they have all three risen from the grave to confront him. He knows not where to turn nor what to do. Flight is impossible. Be hind him is the deep pool and the wall of rock, and rock closes him in on either side. Es cape is impossible. He has no weapon, he can neither fight nor fly. He stands paralysed. ' Seize him,' cries the stern voice of Hiram Stubbs, ' and bring him along. The boys shall judge him.1 [To be concluded.) 