THE^flAUSFORMAflON OF THE: The clergy aw not what they were; they liave undergone a tolerablj tohrougb tranpf r. matton. The typical rector of tbe old High Ohuroh echool .^was an oaBy-naturod, good humored person— too social and kindly to busy hlmsob! about other men's matters skilled ia tho beet vintages, aud rHlng well to hounds— but ho Is now as offiote as riquire Western. Ho belongs ( says the Speaker) to the lights and shadows ol other dars, and wo think of htm tenderly aB tbe fit clerical counterpart ot the foai old English gcn- le man. In his place a parson of quite another sort baa oomc— zoalous, ubtqultouB, busy bodylsh, wllb a hand iu everything that goes on In his parish or tows, hearing everything, here and everywhere 3 alous of what he calls. Ihe Beets, watchful of tbeschools, with the keenest *oent for all tbat promises benefit or threatens injury to tbe Ohnrcb, The old elergy were a humorous oIob.', told good etorics as they loved good wine, ani know how to brighten the dulures ot a heavy dinner or a timid tea party but humor is not strong point of the clergy; life is too lull of uoriousneas to allow tbe dainty art of putting witty thought Inlo llghlsomc speech to he cultiva ted — in h word, they arc bo grimly in earn est tbat though they often seem ridiculous, tney seldom appear to feel it. These changes lie on the surface, but they arc cfiecU of cur rents that iuo deep underneath. They mean that the cleric il role hai been changed b. cause tbo olbricil mind has been transformed. £n a perfectly novel sense the clergy have became tue Ohurcb and -in a degree unknown since the Reformation the Church has its polity shaped and being controlled l-.v tbc clergy. They have a tctult become potent faotorfi in public affairs: forc?B tbat operate in politics, and that politicians must^reclion with, though they are bo new that their im pact baB only been felt. There. has. been co time to calculate tbe amount ot energy stored what its expenditure may portend; but one, thing is certain— It involves tbe conflict -f Liberal principles with waht the French call Clericalism. And Oleroialism is a cretanre of an altogether different order from the Church. The Church Is a large aud varied society made up of manv minds and ideals, wheriti the priest hood of the Obristlau honss Dlay* no inconsiderable part; but Olerioal Um is the f anatlsm ol a caste whoso passion is power — it is the jealousy of au organised order for its Interests and of their enemies, rtal or imaginary. The conflict of a nation with a caste may -bo deadly, but muat be Bordid, for It is the struggle of a people to escape suffocation at Ihc bands of a potrer which is all tbe more earthly tbat it claims to be tbe sole adequate ministry of Heaven. One of the main causeB of this transf orma lion is the idea which has been the main factor of the ecclesiastical revival, that of the place and function of the clergy what has been so Incorrectly termed tbe High Church movement has in reality been Ilbs concerned with the Church than with tbc ministry. It has exalted the ministry at the exocose of the Charch. It was tbe exact contrary with Evangelical revival ; it was religious, not clerical. It emphasised the spiritual and ethical, change ol heart and of micd, tbc authority of tiutb, the need of divine action, the impotence ot man, the potency of God. The preacher was nothing, the penunoe and energy of the Holy Ghost -vcrc all in all. But now the supreme question is the covenanted light of the clergy; they arc the cbaoncls and distributors of gruca, uccecs&rv; to the cfiicacy of the Sacraments, the pillars aud ground o£ the Charch. The translation of this belief bito fact is the Clericalism with aspires to control thi« life ae well as to fix and toanlicipatcthcawards of the 3if ? to come. The end of ibia sort of thing iB indeed certain. There is nothing more characteristic o! tbc English mind than diBlike of a blciarchv. and a hicrarcbv is exactly what the K'njUsh cl-rtfy have be came oi are becoming. Tals U tho feotuxe that mokes the ait union so fnll at once of promise and oC danger. Of promise, for English self -respect would awaken and arrest themselves ia a tvai Bsdical enough to leavi nothing to be desired ; of danger, for in the j-rac-£6 of change we may have some of the Ui---rlies filched from us which were won with difficulty, and they will be lost with blacrmre nail regained not without labor and ewcat rights — whether of kings who govern wrongly aud yet live to govern, or a clergy wlo claim to stand In an Apifctolio i accession and be Apostle* and yet are without Apostolic inspiration or spirit — have in them an ignoble clement i for they pines eminence in office rather than in character, in status rather than in ethic il quality or moral manhood. They haw, therefore, a depressing or lower ing effee' on the whole idea of life — oUtcor- ing the noble, subordinating Intrinsic -xct-l* leuce to accidental position or adventitious privilege. And they necessitate a diccuEsIon which is near of kin to a ^ersooal wr*Dglp, the question whether this man has or that man baB not the right and title to foe held a minister of God. A meaner controversy, or one moro morally mischievous for the man who wages It on behalf of himself or his order, it Is hardly 4»8BibIe to conceive. And lla practical expression is a clergy violent io public and arbitrary in rdigiooB affairs, rca^y to drive a nation whose higher inUlfgence and finer genius they have not learned to understand or appreciate. Besides this general cftaee nmayEiibsioien' CBU92B h&v;*; been at woik in the name direction. For example, what was orce tint loain has become a secondary source of cl tiic.il supply. Ihe clergy arc not drawn hb of old from ihc gentry or th-j wealthier classes. The where aliving is poor aud expensive, it Is not S3 casv &b; it URS-i to find a man whose m^-ans enable him to take it. Aud the uued of Die Church has been the opportuuity of h'J humbler sons. H^r extraordinary* spans too at home and abroad has cjeitcil aJcaiactl fnr djcu which they have been forward to naii-f , m*kiug tbi'it way iato ord' rs as liWrutee or aa non- cillegiatta. An a csnseqnencd the clerical racks have not only been enormously onlargcd, but enlarged by classes wJjobc claiiuB to consideration areal together clerical and ib no rcep cL focial. Aud thdr natural tendency is to maku Ihr mOBt of LhcirontcrF, to fltand on tbuic pr-sti^c as men of family. Tlite line, no doubt, hcljy to wiakcn Die older social f .eling as a c ate— that is, ae a s'--par- ale ordor whoeuHistinc'.ion lies in Ihclrb -ing an or- l-r coDBccrntcd and Apart, iim I tiot in Ui-ir connection wiili scck-ty or the lacdcd iQt-cn&t.; But what is ment 8iqniticiT]fc in One procecs of tranefo million is its t ff ct on the public c^inr&cior; and civil action of Ibc cl ;f ical bidy. It ismiiliing it, iu tbc very degree that it becomes more lntenB?ly Bicertioiat, more acutely 8jcuia~. Tlie morj the cielgy f'd (licmaavcB to bo tlii- Church, the lsfs lo public affairs. The more they c -n=ciously become identical with the great instil u ioa they ailminislcr Ihe morn will they chalK'nr/e even thoDgh thJ very least, and Bill ih:m sdviB to .ierend all i:s i)rivik-g.sariaenlnr(!e the a'ready wile sjlierc of iis power. This ttnJeric-' ife sjen in many tbi^gs an,i direc conspicuouj ,'xpresiinn in rduc^lion, Ihv cKricnl chiim beat signiui'B thai Ib ? clergy ere urging tbe tilat; iu open i:fl I urse aud allow them to dip their lmniis mor- -1nr|)l- into it. And t'-iis »ili make Ibero i»Ji,Mans in Bj.ite of theraselvcF. TUo party that will lieil inoBt Uli.jniUv with them is tbc putty thev will suppjrl; lh« parlr that BlneMely bclir.;B thit the schools wbicb the people m&irrtnin; tUu people oujfbt to control is the party wliMi tlie clorRy will IkiA Irouad to oppose. The old cimlilionof Ihinsfi is licior; coraplcti'ly rcvcrstil. From tlie Act -.f Unifonnil v onwards etalcsraen hnvc tt'iideii to ui(i Oliurch Rn-1 clejgv qb counters io the game of ]x-)llicd j but now we arc beginning to sec the clcigy use politiciaus and parties as msanB to their sectional cuds Tbc flag is Cull of danger to Ihe State, for it ntcaue Iho introduction intu civil politics of the h^recBt. passions. Hut il iB pregnant nilh eertaiu disaster to the Church, for tho Church that is Im xtrjcalily bound up with a party may ou occasion rise with it into power ; anil wbile the party may rtBC from its fall, to tbc Church Ibst goes down with it tbcre can br no recovery, An*l bo the issue of the process otlhicletgy is thit: The attempt of cleri calism to us: Ihe Stale for its own cuila will lir: (lies recoil of the Sutu from tlinClmrch which clericalism had captured. Tbo victory but if the history of the paBt is only a proph'.'cv of the future, the end must be early riisistcrandliruil defeat for the came they zealously espjnie, but contrive so unwisely to promote, 