NOTES AND COMMENTS I Tiiebk was a horse at the races on Tuesday which evidently enjoyed a ioke; at any rate it appeared to.-and the incident proved moBfc .amusiog for everyone except the jockev boy,. The animal was in the _8addltag paddock and was ready for the LiiuuuUutg event. The boy m his gaudy silks walked up to the racer, and the auiuial surveyed his vyould-bo rider. The jockey jumped into the. saddle, the horse gave owe a up rt'and a bouud, aud tlie rider lay ton; the ground by its side. Again the b >y mounted his steed, and again the horse snorted and plunged, and the boy the next uwuiout was on" the ground. It was no good-rap animal had au objection to its rijier, and every time the jockey boy approached the racer be snorted like a "*team engine. No one could tell the reason until.some inquisitive spectator of the fun happened to glance at his race book, aud there he noticed the trouble. What were the jockey's colours!' " Dark green jacket, wnite sleeves, green cuffs, cerise sash, dark green aud white cap." What horse on earth could allow a rider with such an amy of colors to mount? This was suggested to the boy. He laughed, but he applied to the committee to ride without his colors, and permission was given. The jockey took on his say coat o£ many colors, and his can, and prepared to mount. It was all right, the animal stood quiet aud received its rider ; but when the boy endeavoured to put on his "dark green and white cap" again the animal snorted, aud ho had to bo blindfolded to allow the boy to do BO Who will say that horse did not belong to the Loyal Orange institution ? » * . And speaking of horses brings to notice a new invention which has been brought into play in America in connection with horse racing, lnc latest device is an electric saddle, to make slow horses run fast, and in New Orleans this new notion has I got several people into trouble, but still it seems to work well. But what a money making concern this new electric saddle would be ! Just fanev, the owner of the veriest old " crock could bring forward his animal, enter him for the Melbourne Cup for instance, aud win easily. Who for one moment would chance his money on somo old hack ; aud what a nice thing the owner would have on ! Ho would bo enabled to get long odds all round, and having obtained these, theu the electric saddlo could be brought into play. Once it iB on the animal there is no stoppiug him. But there were too many persons in tliiB little game they intended to play in America, and the officials got to hear of it, aud the owner aud the jockey, and everjouo who had anything to do with this new fanglou notion have been ruled off the turf, j # * * Tlaying at the ghost business does not appear to be a very profitable one. Word comes from Adelaide that a man named A. liudd lias been charged with being idle aud disorderly, the said offence consisting of unlaw fully disguising himself with a piece of cloth-in fact, putting a white sheet over himself with the intention ( of frightening somebody. This man Eudd seems to have stationed him self in a cemetery, and a man named Thomas Meddal explains that as he approached this grave yard a figure in white emerged, aud as it came up to him he heard it say, "Thomas Meddal, I claim yon." "Take me then," replied Moddal, giving the figure a strike with a stick he was carrying. The ghost struggled with the man and the sheet was dis arranged, aud Eudd was discovered. For this little prank ho was fined £4 5s. Perhaps he will not play at this game agaiu. ^ # Football seems to be a most enjoy able game, arid the earneBtuess with which men will play at the game is astonishiug. The other day just after a game Btarted a young fellow had his nose broken, but he continued in the delightful game uutil the halt time, when he had the organ examined. A doctor pro nounced the nose fractured, but the footballer continued with his broken nose until the game closed. Now the New South Wales Rugby Football Union are going to prepare for all future accidents. They have outcrcl into an agreement with au insurance company, whereby the compauy is to defray the cost of medical attendance for any member of the Union who is injured while playing in a match. We wish the insurance company luck. » * * Tbev have been having a flannelette ball in Bathurst, bnt what a flan nelette ball may mean we have not the slightest idea. Wc may be very ignorant, but still wo would like to be enlightened on the matter. The description of the function does not give us much information. Whether the gentlemen appeared in their pyjamas or not and the ladies in flaunelette costumes we are unable to ascertain, but we would assume that oil theso cold winter nights such a dress would be rather uncomfortable, i ! and the appearance of the guests, although rather comical, would be most monotonous. If the ball was in aid of the Poor Relief Society, for the purpose of providing flannelettes for the poor, why not say so instead of calling a ball "by such stupid names r 