[BsT PHILIP S. WARNE.] ' )HAPTER XVIII.-(Continuei,?) ilapidly she recounted to hi' ,n the redible thing that her son h, i told 1:, and appealed to him to rj-estab (h Don Felipe's equanimity by find Ssome natural explanati an of the ,1tlin" delusion. ,t' A fhantom he't!' ha repeated, id, shaking his hand., declared: i ein! nein ! dot iss nix. Dis isa nineteent' century, my frient. hosts ! Piff ! you are upset mit too "iuch brooding ofer de incident of the ast few veeks.' SAnd he tapped his head significantly. i? Don Pelipe sprang before him, and Xood quivering from head to foot with tIense passion. !'Curse you!' he cried, throwing ~l!e whole energy of a deadly hate into Ime imprecation. Then he went on ie a rushing torrent: 'You-you !ave brought this upon me, and now gon dismiss it with a snap of your !ngers. I tell you I saw Max Fenton , plainly as I now see you-his head ,nd shoulders floating above his irave. The same motion of his head, 1ossing the hair out of his eyes he same look that he gave 1ne when he rose out of the sea. At my shot the phantom I:ranished, and her shriek arose as if ?he were alive and conscious of his ldanger. My mother was aroused by the cry. Do you assume that she, itoo, was subject to the same delusion ? &foreover;, Pomp must have seen ithe same thing, an hour or so earlier.' i Dr. Reinhardt had not been dis turbed by the Spaniard's threatening 'attitude, but his words started a new ttrain of thought. 'Come,' he said, 'dere may be somet'ing to dis' after all. Let us investigate. Senora will t'row a mantill ofer her he't ? Ye vill.go to de grave.' In the hall they met Miss Carson, whose.cold, immobile face was as un readable as ever. The reader will remember that upon Tentering the burial lot, after having secured a horse on which to remove the wounded Max, Miss Carson uttered a cry. It was one of surprise at sight of Pomp, whom she then dis dovered for the first time. But the shovels which lay near caused her deeper emotion. Putting them together with what she had seen in the highway, shearrived at a very accurate solution of the situation. 'His business here was to disinter !i' ahe said. 'Why ?' Then, as a spasm of bitter jealousy contorted her face, she added: 'Even in death she outrivals me !' She ground her teeth and clenched her hands until the nails left indenta tions which afterwards turned purple. 'But I must carry out his purpose of secrecy,' she pursued, wtth a dreary resignation, save that the fires in her hollow eyes were waxing more in tense. To this end she carried the shovels and threw them into a bayou at some distance. Pomp alone perplexed her. Was he in Max's confidence? Why had he the shot-gun, which she recognised as one with which he was wont to go 'coonin' ? ' She had to run the risk of leaving him where he was-at least until she had taken Max to a place of hiding. Then this strange woman made a marked display of that strength against which Agatha had found it so futile to struggle. It seemed as if by the mere intensity of her will she were enabled to get Max's body over her shoulder and stagger with it to the point nearer than which she had deemed it imprudent to bring the horse, lest his hoof-prints should awaken suspicion. When, with almost superhuman effort, she had lifted her heavy burden to the back of the horse, sh~e was ghastly pale and panting, and seemed about to faint with exhaus tion. But with that pluck which nothing ever daunted, she mastered herself, and after a time urged the horse forward while she held Max's body in position. It was broad daylight when she returned to the cypresses. With some difficulty she managed to gain an entrance to the house unperceived; but it was hopeless to attempt the removal of the hound from Agatha's room. Her clothing, saturated with blood, and bedraggled with mire in that terrible night struggle, she had to secrete, leaving its renovation to some future opportunity. Then she looked into the mirror, at her lack-lustre eyes, ringed with dark circles, and at her general jaded ap pearance. 'Imust have strength- strength!' she said, unlocking a box which con tained only a small vial, from which she took with nicest care the least particle of a whitish powder and dropped it into a glass of wine, which she drank at a swallow. ' Here is rest,' she said, holding~ up a tiny .vial and gazing at it. 'You will not fail me if I come to you for oblivion !' She gazed past the vial at her refleoo tion in the mirror-at her faded eyes, her face that had never been fair to look upon, her figure which displayed nothing of graceful contour. . For others, life and happiness; for me, misery and death! Oh!' That was an indescribable cry, as the soul of the woman burst into sav age rebellion against the decree of fate. But in a moment the spasm passed, the tense muscles relaxed, and the frenzied glitter faded from her eyes. She put the vial carefully away, saying softly to it: ' Wait, wait ! the time is not yet ? Tkhen she passed into the corridor a Ad descended the stairs, to meet the throe plotters emerging from the picture gallery. After looking inquiringly from Don F'elipe~s face to that of his mother, she asked, in measured tones: ' Is there anything you wish to tell meP ' She may as well know,' said Don Felipe, avoiding her glance and ad dressing the German, who thereupon told her what he had heard, and in vited her to join in their investigation. Miss Carson expressed no surprise by word or look. She followed the others, with no outward manifestation of interest. Entering the burial lot, Dr. Rein hardt, who was in advance, uttered an ejaculation of astonishment. 'Ach2 vat have ve here ?' Pomp lay before them, unconscious. A hasty examination, and Dr. Reinhardt announced: 'Contusions on de he't! Aha! ghosts make dot ?' 'I am, no doubt, accountable for one of them,' admitted Don elipe. 'I found him there asleep, as I sup posed, and kicked him to rouse him. 'Aha! Yell, you but repeat de dose dot dot ghost gif him. Ye vill see vat he ha! to say.' After some effort, Dr. Reinhardt succeeded in restoring Pomp to con sciousness. At first he gazed about him in utter bewilderment; but his surroundings soon brought back the last vivid impression on his mind. His first observation was that the shovels had been removed, from which he argued that Max had escaped. But the situation called for imme diate action, and Pomp hit upon a most cunniog expedient. 'Oh, Massa Fillippy,' he cried, deprecatingly, ' I's powerful sorry dat I fell asleep-'deed I is! I don't see how I comed to do it, out hyer, wher de spooks might ascopped me in jest as well as not.' 'Dot's all right-dot's all right,' said Dr. Reinhardt, smiling at what he considered Pomp's mistake. 'But vat you see here before you fall asleep? No man come here?' ' Massa Fillippy comed round hyer. An' den-an' den,' stammered Pomp, in apparent excitement, 'dah was de spook.' 'Aha !you see de ghost too ?' The investigations of the German enabled him to draw pretty accurate conclusions as to the events. In the shrubbery he found blood-stains. 'Ve vill soon find out all about it,' he said, 'by catching dot man.' 'But the man is gone!-he has escaped. OHAPTElR' XIX. nunrran rve ! ' Ye vill follow him. Tiger vill lead us.' But when they went to the stable for the blood-hound the dog was misesing. 'Aha! Aha! He iss a cunning rascal,' exclaimed Dr. Reinhardt. 'He has dot means taken avay by vich ve shall follow him.' The Teuton began to pace back and forth, while he meditated. 'Dot vas a voman's scream,' he ob served, presently. ' Ve vill find dot vomans. Who would be in dot bury ing groumnd in dot time of de night ? Dem niggers vas afraid of dot spook -?heh ? Dot, den, vas a vite vomans. Vere iss Miss Malden ?' The abrupt question startled Don Felipe. 'Do not mix that lady in this,' he said with a frown of annoyance. ' She was abed and asleep, of course.' 'How you know dot ?' asked the German placidly. 'We can easily learn if she had any thing to do in the matter,' said Donna Catalina; and as no reasonable objec tion could be made to summoning the governess to an interview, Don Felipe said no more. But the servant sent to invite Miss Malden to the picture gallery, after they had repaired to the house, came shrieking down the stairs in such ab ject terror that no effort was made to disentangle her incoherent speech, save that all caught some reference to blood. Don Felipe tore up the stairs, fol lowed by Dr. Reinhardt, while Donna Catalina and Miss Carson were scarcely less precipitate. Still in her .chair sat Agatha, gazing at her bloody wrist, while the vigilant. hound crouched at her feet. As the plotters rushed into the room, Agatha looked at them and smiled vacantly. 'Oh!' cried the Spaniard, 'we have driven her mad. May curses fall upon those who have had a hand in this.' Springing forward he sank upon his knees before her and caught both her hands, addressing her in accents that showed the depth of his passion for her. 'Oh, dear lady-my dear Miss Malden, what is the meaning of this ? In Heaven's name, what has hap pened to you ?' ' I cam very tired,' sighed Agatha, leaning back in her chair, and closing her eyes wearily. Don Felipe turned to Dr. Rein hardt in a despairing appeal. 'What is to be done ?' Dr. Reinhardt advanced and took Agatha's hand; buf insteiid of feel ing her pulse, as Don Felipe expected, he gazed at the bloody wrist, and said: 'ABAha! it vas her voice. She vas dare. She brings dot hount .avay. But whose finkers grasp dot wrist ? tell me dot already.' 'A thousand million furies !' fairly yelled the Spaniard, as he snatched Agatha's hand away. 'At such a moment dare you trifle with me ?' 'Trifle!' repeated the German. 'My dear senor, de safety of your neck and mine may hang upon dot bloody mark' He suddenly became pale, not with anger, but withfear. Don Felipe's rage was arrested in full tide. He hadnever seen the phleg matic Teuton so affected. 'Dot iss vone spy !' he cried, shak ing his finger at Agatha. 'Who brought her here? Ohames Maxvell Fenton. He iss deat. Vel, has he a coadjutor who iss carrying oud his purposes after his deat'? Dot iss her principal. Who.iss he? Vere iss he? Vy does he visit dot grafe? She' again pointing savagely at Agatha 'hang us.' Don Felipe's love for Agatha triumphed over his fear, so that he rallied after the.first shock. 'However that may be,' he said, 'our first care must be to relieve her from the effects of this terrible shock.' 'Don't let me go near her,' the German said, with murderous hate and fear in his eyes, 'or I will send her out of de world. Iss my neck of notting vort' ?' Don Felipe started back aghast. At this moment Miss Carson stepped forward and said, in her wonted cold, unimpassioned way: 'Leave her to me. I will answer for her perfect recovery. All that she needs is a little quiet. The wisdom of returning her to the North as soon as she is able to go-which will be in two or three days, at the farthest--I leave to your good sense.' 'Never !' replied Don Felip'e. 'I will take the risk of her remaining here.' ' And jeopardise us all ?' interrupted Donna Catalina. 'Felipe, your un fortunate infatuatio'n has been fruit ful of trouble from its inception. Now yield to reason----' (To be Continued ) 