Sporting. All those who journeyed to the Rugby Association Ground on Saturday to witness the contest between a representative Too woomba fifteen and a team of combined Brisbane seniors, including MesBrs. lvorj and Pollard of Maryboro and Bundle of Warwick, must have been much surprised at the result— Brisbanes 46 points, Too woombas nil, Something good was confi dently expected of the visitors, intact, con sidering the way they dished; the Citys —(last year's Brisbane champions)— some three or four weeks ago, it was thought that the team pitted against them, not the' strongest by any means, would have all their work cut out to win. And during the first twelve or fifteen minutes it seemed that such was to be tho case—it was any body's game. But after that—well, tha Downs repp, hadn't the ghost of a show. Toeir combination went all to pieces, their kicking was wretched, and their passing — 'twas only seldom they thought about pass ing— only middling. In the fcrum work, too, they were very slow, getting possession of the ball once in, say half a dozen timee. They are, however, to be congratulated on the way they battled in the face of their ill fortune. Despite try after try being re corded against them, instead of getting dis heartened they struggled gamely on until the whistle announced 'time.' The locsl men played ft splendid, combined scientific game. All worked to perfect harmony throughout as if , they had been playing to gether all the season. In the first half 18 points {4 tries) were scored, while in the second 26 (8 trie*) more were added. Try getters were: Evans (Gitys), 4; Ivory (Maryborough), 2; H, Kelson (Boome rangs), 2 i V. Kelson, Higgituon, rowings (Grammar Sohoole), and Ourrie (Citys), one each. Apart from the scoring of two tries on Saturday, Ivory, the MaryborouKQ crack, dtdnV do anything uncommon. Someihiog better will be Bxpeoted of him before he can reasonably be selected as a Queensland representative. Bundle, of Warwick, is a real good man. Selector I** should give him a place in the trial matches. ? ' ?.'''????'* ? ?. ' . * ? ; * D. Nelson, of the School, cannot be left out of any representative team. He ie '?'?.?'? '*??.?'..*? * . M*Cowan is our champion full back, bar none. ?*.*.?.? * : ' Polef' Evans distinguished himself on Saturday by scoring four tries. He was the first and the last to cross the Toowoomba's line, H, Nelson, the Boomerangite, was the pick of the forwards in Saturday's match. His feint passing and bluffing tactics 'c&meoff;' very often. Ourrie, at ttctum half, was the hardest worker on the ground, and in Crralton's absence is indie pensable in any representative contest. Utgginson was a good man in thefrant low* * « # Danny AUman was the most conspicuous of the Downs men, but he didn't seem ' at home' with them at aH. ,- W. A. Faulkner refereed satisfactorily. # * * To-day (4th lost.) the second round of Premiership matches commence, City's \-- — are billed to meet the Boomeranga and the Past Grammars play off with the Rocktone. The former match should be well worth seeing, -# * * At Sydney on Saturday the semi-final games for the Association Cup were favoured with lovely weather* Randwicks defeated 'Varsity* by 24 points to nil, while WallarooB won from Wentworths by 8 to 3. It is practically certain that Randwicks will win the premiership this season. So far they have not met with defeat. ' — ? Tbe first test match of the 18!M- season between Eogland'aand Australia'scricketors was completed at Lords on Wednesday, the 24th June. The game was opeued on the 22nd June, when fine weather prevailed aud the wicket was in good order, being hard and fast. The toatne were ct-mpo.«ed as follows: Australia— H. Trott, H Trumble, H. Graham, G. Giffan, C. Hill, J. Darling, E. Jones, S. Gregory, H. Donnan, J. Kelly, and C, Eady. Eng land— W. G. Grace, A. E. Stoddart, Hearne, Richardson, Lohtnann, Hayward, Jackson, Lilley, Abel, Brown, and Gunn. , The English team was altered at the last moment, Gunn and Richardson being sub stituted for Peal and Wainwright owing to the state of the ground. Winning the tos from Grace, Trott deoided to bat, and ib was expected that the colonials would give a good account of themselves, but as the result proved they signally collapsed, being unable to record more than a paltry 53 runs. Richardson and Lohniann were fairly on tbe job with the ball, and only required eleven overs each to get rid of the whole team, who occupied the creases for just an hour and a quarter. Richardson collared six wickets* tor 39 and Lohmann three for 13. Darling made top score (22), Gregory got 14, Eady 10, not out. Jones 4, Dotraan 1, Hill 1, Giffen, Trott, Graham, Trumble, and Kelly all blobs. Tbe Englishmen's first innings opened well and cloBed well, the board registering 292 when the last wicket fell. Abel made 94, Grace 66, Sboddart 17, Jackson 44, Gunn 25, Hay ward 12 not out, Hearne 11, Brown 9, Richardson 6 and Lohmann 1. Lilley was the only man who failed to score. The fielding of the Australians was as miserable as their batting, the bowling however was up to the mark. Trott b»gg«i 2 wickets for 15 runs, Giffen 4 for 1)5, Eady 3 for 49, Trumble 1 for 55, Jones 1 for 64. In their second innings the Australians acquitted themselves in grand style, record ing the creditable total of 347, tbus leaving 109 to be got by the Englishmen t-- win, Trotc played a splendid innings for 143, while Gregory distinguished himself with a score of 103. The next best was Giffen 32 ; all the others with the exception of Eady broke the egg. Richardson took 6 wickets for 134, Hearne 4 for 76, Lohmann none for 39. Hay ward none for 44, Jackeon none for 29; Grace none for 14. Englishman compiled tbe required 109 with the loss of 4 wickets : Abel got 4, Grace 7, Hay ward 13, Brown 36, Stoddardt, not out), 30, Gunn, not out, 13, sundries & -Bowling against tie Englishmen, Second innings— Jones took two wickets fur 42 tuns, Trumblo 1 for 37, Eady 1 for 11, Giffen none for 9, and Trofcti 1 ball 4 runB. — ' ? -ft ? . ft * Out of the 400 tuns made by the Austra lians no less than 224 were put on during the partnership of Trott and Gregory in their second innings. Between them these two batsmef compiled 260. The little New South Welshman is doing famously this tour. He is a Wg way ?ahwut i» the batting average, ancjTcan take the credit for saving the team from disaster on a few occasions. Troths 147 will carry him up a considerable diutatice in the batting list. Everyone will be glad that the skipper's spell of ill fortune has at last broken in so signal a manner. * M U ? Seventeen matches have now been played on English *oii between England and Aus tralia, Of these the Eoglisbaien have won 11— 6 of them in a single innings— and the Australians 2, four having been drawn. The Melbourne Argus correspondent, writing after the match at SUefii«td Park, says: vt The nature of L-rd Sheffield's hospitality on the occasion may be best gauged from the fact that the match cost him in all £4500— thus nobly is the game supported by some of its patrons in England. Mr. W. L. Murdoch has given the team every assistance. When lie saw Jones bowling do«vn the wickets at Sheffield Park be was all smile*, and declared that Jones's bowling would frequently mean the differ ence between defeat and victory.' Tf W W The Weatraltan Government have agreed to lend £1000 to the Westralien Cricket Association, and have placed another £1000 on the Estimates as a gift to that body. Great improvements are to be made to the cricket oval, and it is intended to get a team from Adelaide or Melbourne to visit tbe colony next summer. The Brisbane Racing Club held their usual weekly meeting at Albion Park on Saturday last. The weather being fine, there was a splendid attendance, notwith standing the counter attractions— the Polo Carnival and the' Brisbane - Toowoomba football match. But there is. one thing that strikes one as being peculiar, and that is jbh& time that intervenes between the goin£ out of the horses for an event and the storting of them. In some cases the horses and jockies have to wait from ten to fifteen minutes promenading up and down near the starting post, when finally the starter turns up and despatches them. Of course, this is catering for the tote ; but, were the club to adopt different tactics and display a little more consideration for both horse and jockey, -there is sot the slightest doubt but that the public would be in time, to invest their ' little bit ' on tbe machine. At anyrate, the hbfseB should not be allowed to parade about for such a long period before each racs ; to a fretful horse ib must, in numerous case?, mean the Ioes of the race that it would other rt'ise hjpe won. Five events graced the programme, and Mrs. G. Cooper's string proved too good for anything as she annexed four out of the five—a very good performance, and one winch either makes Lady Melissa and Iliua^oth uf whom won two raceEeach) top-notchers or the other competitors an inferior lor. The following are the results : Flying Handicap, 15eovs , Minster Belle 1, Philomel 2, Emu 3. High-weight Handi cap, 15 m-v*., Lady Meiiss-a 1, Scot 2, Lasign 3. Whiter Handicap, 15 sovs., Uma 1, Corblanus 2, Oxford 3. High weight Welter, 15 bovp., Lady Miliesa 1, Titwillow 2, Economy 3. Club Handicap, 25 sovh., Uma 1, Minster Belie 2, Rosy J3awn 3. All the above events were won in hollow fashion. . ?* * ' * . ! Races will be held by the Brisbane Racing Club at Albion Park on the Wed nesday of Exhibition week iu August next. The Albion Park Cup, a mile event worth 50 sovs. will be the main item on the card. Q.T.C. have issued the programme for club's Winter Meeting at Eagle Farm on August 14 and 15 next. Eleven events are on the card, and the prizes are valued at £645. The big money on the fir«t day (£100) will go to the winner of the Exhibi tion Handicap, 1£ mile ; the bistgeBt event on ' the 'second day-— Q.T.C. Handicap, 1 mile and a distance— will be also a hundred pounds' worth. * * # The Annual meeting of tbe -Towers Jockey Club, held on 25 Dh and 26th ult., panned out a great success. The sum speculated on the tote during the two days was £17,000, while the club will nett a profit of £1200. Beautiful weather pre vailed throughout. Rseults were as fol lows (Fi&sb; day.— Maiden Plate— Loohaber 1 ; Faiffey, 2 ; Q»uen Cross 3. There were thirteen starters. Won easily. Time, 1 min. 43 sec. Flying Handicap—Babel, 1 ; Physician, 2; Silverspray, 3. Towers Jockey Club Handicap (2 miles)— Black Harry (786. 71b.), 3 ; Young Buckthorpe (84b. 101b.), 2 5 Black Prince (7st. 131b), 3. Winter Plate— Cabin Boy, 1 ; Lochaber, 2 ; Chaka, 3. Miners' Purse— Young Buckth^rpe, 1 ; Lord Marian, 2 ; Silver spray, 3. Ladies'. Bracelet— Dovpr, 1; Waterloo, 2; Calm, 3. Second Day.— District! Plate— Lochaber, 1; Chaka, 2; Waterloo, 3. Shorts Handicap— B&bei-; 1 ; Calm, % D.iver 3 Milehester Handicap, 1| mile— Black Harry, 1 ; Orangeakin, 2; Young Buckthorpe, 3. Queenton Handi cap— O4m, It Chaka, 2$ Vicemy, % To* a Plate— Cabin Bar, 1; Babel, %% Orangeskinj2. Wind-up ftandieap— Black Prince,, 1 j Donovan, 2 ; Wat Queen, 3. * * ( * The winter race meeting of the Gynapie Turf Club was held ooT Wednesday and Thursday last week. There was » fair attendance on each day; the racing was excellent. Results were as follows ; First Day— Trial Handieapfe Caddeleon, 1 ; Sybil, 2; Ouida, 3 Maiden Hacks ; Anthony Ifallena and/ Chastity, a dead heat; Eclipse, 3. Ctiastiiiy won th« run off. Winter Handicap : -Ayenue, 1 ; F*ba, 2; Barrister, 3. Vkat Hack Handicipj Truib, 1 1 FinuH 21 €Uroet, 3, Sborfcs B^ndicap : Pero, 1 ; Ouid », 2 ; Calendar, 3\. Winter Handicap: Pero a^3 Cadde leen ran a dead heat, and divided the stakes; Einnio, 3 Second Daj-^-Mtnersr Purse: Caddelsen, Ij Finnie, 2 | Kath leen. 3. Second Hack Handicap : Hallaio, 1 ; Finuie, 2; Truth, 3. Galdfield Handi cap: Kathleen, 1; Avenue, 2j leraelite, 3. Welter Handle ip: Garnet, 1 j Chastity, 2 ; Haricot, B. Farewell Haudicap : Fdba, 1 * Sybil, 2 ; Calendar, 3. According to late Indian exchanges, Paris III; is expected bo be a starter in the next Viceroy's Cup. A Calcutta pajxar remarked recently ' that Paris has no chance in EagUnd of geitiug in any handicap for any distance under one mile and a half, and he may be sent back to Australia, taking India on the way.' r* r\ ^ Now that trotting is a defunct sport in Victoria {says the Melbourne Aqe) owners are devoting their attention to Tasmania, whose proximity gives a favourable oppor tunity for designing persons to slip their charges across. The Carrick -^lub has dis qualified for life Tommy who won on Queen's Birthday, and whose previous performances were not stated, although he won at Moonee Valley at the end of last year from 400 yards behind somtcb, and in February last won over two miles at Raywood by 160 yards from scratch in 5onn. 50aec. It is reported that there have been numerous cases of. 'ringing in' of Victorian trotters in Tasmania. * ? * # The monthly road-race of the Brisbane Bicycle Club was held on Saturday last, over a seven miles course from Roeklea, through Sherwood and Oxley and back. E. H. Perry came in first, H. Duushea being secoud, aud George Lake thivi. * * * Porba, the Italian cyclist, is in Brisbane, and will be a competitor at tbe League moo's meeting on the 11th aud 18fch instant. * * * One hundred and fifty-seven entries in all have been Tfc?iyr-d- Uv the League of Queensland Wheelmen f of their two days' carnival to be held on the 11th and 18ch instant. Prominent am ^(? th^ list ?»?«??)'' the crack foreigners, M*rtiu and Port*; Alead ham, the N. S. Welshman ; Healy, the Toowoomba crack; and WooSlaadf, of Roma. With the addition of the Brisbane cracks, the public will be treated to Bome thing out of the ordinary. * * * At the Towers' Cycling Carnival on Saturday Martin, the 'Mnrcan cyclist, won the 3-mile Handicap of £30, and the 10-mile Championship of £7. He also rode a mile in 2mm. 18»ec. 3000 persons attended the meeting, which was a bigTinancial success. * * * The secretary of the Cyclists' Union ( Amateur?) has written to the National Cyclists' Union of England proposing a visit of an English representative amateur with the object of furthering amateur cycling in tluj colonies. The letter con cluded thuBly: 'In return for the acceding by you to our request, our union would undertake to send to England on a raoinr^— m tour, on any date to be named by you a,S&t; I the fifth October next— -on which date it is a proposed to hold final test races— free of I expense to your union, the best) available I amateur cyclist chosen from New South 1 Wales, Victoria, Queensland, and Ntw I Zealand, in the capital cities of which 1 colonies it would consequently be necessary I for your representative to compete on I dates to b» arranged, but roughly at Svd. 1 ney(N.S.W.) and Brisbane (Q.) in Ostober I at Melbourne (Vic. ) in November (the three I cities are connected by rail), and at Auck- I land or Christchurch (N.Z.) in December * I your union defraying, as in our case the 1 expenses of your representative.' I ' * * ? * I What is said to be the largest cycling 1 school in Great Britain was opened at the 1 Bingley 11*11, Birmingham, just recently I The hall is 250ft. long by 50ft. wide, with » I 10(t. gallery running right round. 1 * * * ? I A bi-VclG fire engine fa the latest. 1 M * * \\. ? j Every decant wheelman should consider I himself a committee of one to prosecute tbe 1 reckless scorcher. I *X # * ? 1 Hospital Spores Carnival at Brisbane 1 Exhibition Grounds Saturday, July 25th, J Don't forget. N I ' « ? H It -I The Australian eleven downed Netting- 1 ham representatives on Friday last by six i wickets. Notts batted first and compiled I 269, Pike heading the list with 41 not cut. i Iu their second innings they made 146, of i which Gunn got 49, playing a splendid not-out innings. Giffen was the most sue ceasf ul bowler, securing 8 wickets at a cost of 121 runs. Australians first innings dosed lot 246— Graham 96, Darling 4€ They got the required 170 and had six wickets to spare in their second innings. Iredale was i not out with 94 to his credit. 