A Sharp Lesson. Still the subject rankled evidently in Bobby's miud, but ho abstained at 'nstfrom acri monious comment, and only spoke of it na a profound mystery. Suddenly, however, one January aftornoon i on his return home, Robert Dartell showed such ovidenc signs of iinnoyuncotliat his wife could not fail to inquire the cnuso, ' Woll, Lucy,' ho snid gravely, 'as I was I coming from the office iust now, I uict Lutt ridge. He was for passing me with a nod but I stopped, nnd I don't know wlmt induced me, but I asked him straight out if he hap pened co have heard anything about your lost ring. Of course he said no, but as I looked i him straight in the face I feol sure — well, I feel sure he was not speaking the truth. I didn't like his manner at all. Whon did you see him last V . She looked puzzled, not to say uucomfort able. She dropped her eyes, and after a pause answered hesitatingly : ' Oh, I havon't seen him. I haven't seen him sinco I don't know when ; not eince just before we wero married.' Bobby was silent and tho subject dropped. CHAPTER II. The next day was Saturday. A denso fog hung ovor tho north of London, as Robert Datrell emerged from his house at least an hour earlier than usual. He vouchsafed no explanation of this to his wife, except that he had business to do beforo going to the office. He looked fevered and excited. He ate but little breakfast, and pleaded that he had slept badly. The business, whatever it was, took him straight to some studios, one of which was occupied by Mr. Luttridge. ' Not come yet, sir,' said the porter, in answer to Diirtrell's inquiry. The fogs have doubtless delayed him, sir. It's too dark to paint, though Mr. Luttridge in general is never particularly early Will you wait, sir V ' Yes for a while,' and the visitor walked, in. He sat down moodily in front of the freshly-lighted, smouldering stove. The obscurity throughout the studio was in tense. He endeavoured to stir the tire into a blaze. It refused to brighten. Still Dartrell sat on, poker in hand, impatiently tapping the grate. At length he rose, flung the firei ion noisily into the fender, and mur mured : 1 1 suppose he won't come ; can't expect him in such a fog, and I must be off to the office soon.' Nevertheless he reseated himself, shuffled the chair round, and gazed again into the blackness, which had now in creased tnrough a considerable access of fog. Suddenly, leaning forward, he said aloud : ' Hallo what's that ? — a spark 1 No couldn't have been.' He rubbed his eyes. ' I see sparks, and devils, or ghosts, whenever I think about it— asleep or awake— perhaps I'm asleep now. Nonsense ! H'm !' So he sat staring at the blackness. Then again he said suddenly : ' Why there it was, and there it is. What the douce is it 1* Presently he seemed once more to have caught sight of something, for this time he rose, and walked cautiously into the corner. He advanced one foot into it. It happened just there to be clear of furniture and studio lumper. He poked his foot about. He could feol nothing — sea nothing now. He turned and looked away for a moment up at the window — then looked back into the corner. Of course it appeared darker than ever. ' What can it be T ho exclaimed, stooping. 1 Gone again.' Then bonding quickly down, he grazed hi3 tomplo against a projecting canvas standing against the wall. Ho muttered a word not nocossary to repeat. With moro caution nor. ao ho dropped on one knoo, he felt out right and left with both hands liko a blind man. Then ho ran his fingors along tho cracl:3, edgeo and lidgea. Ho otood up, ho stooped dowu again, otill passing his hands over the floor in all directions. 1 It's like a will o'-the wisp,' ho said. ' I see it, and don't aoo it, but there is something that □bines, I'll swoar.' After continuing hio diverting recreation for oevoral minutes ho stood up, only to go down again instantly, on both knoe3, for ho had again soon tho momentary sparkle. Darting at tho enact spot with hio fingers, ho touched somo small projeoting substance in tho ostromiot corner. A pioco of glass or gravel was it ? Porhaps, but ho could I not raiso it at Scot. Ho porsovored, and got I113 nail under it, aud then it did yield nml flunliBfl on it violdod. A lit.tln more grubbing at it, and ho found it was attached to a second, and a third oimilar substance, and that tho throe wero held by —yea a ring. Ho stood up with it in his baud, end turnod round. It sparkled brilliantly now as ho brought it moro under the high-up window, for tho light was rapidly in creasing, tho fog was lifting. In two minutes more it was clear enough for him to see that in his hand ho held, and could idontify boyond doubt, Lucy s engaged ring. It being Saturday, Mr. Dartrell returned homo by 3 o'clock. His wife happened to be in tho diningroom as ho knocked, and sooing her there as he crossed the hall, ho entered, Bhut tho door, and sat down with out removing hat or top-coat. Ho looked so disturbed and angry that Luoy instantly osolaimed. ' Oh ! Bobby, what io tho matter 'You shall hear by-and-byo, doar,' ho I nnnworod curtlv. ' Plenso go and put on your hat and oloak. _ ' No.' ho procoodod, ao oho began protesting, ' I insiot on your walking round with mo at once to Lut tridgo's otudjo, I insiot on it, Do ao I toll you.' Ho oaid this so torniy that she was comr plotoly ovorcomo, and bogan to sob. For a moment ho appoarod moved, and hesitated ulightlv aa ho ropoatod : ' Do as I toll you, Lucy. I will not discuss tho mattor horo. It is far too un ploaoant, but I am dotorminod to bring you two face to face. You will seo I havo good causo for insisting. 'Pray, doar Robert,' tall tue,' oho began, ' I will tell you nothing here,' ho inter rupted. ' Ploaso don't keep mo waiting,' and in the deepest diotross she loft tho room to do hia bidding. The dmtee fog of the morniii ^ livl on'lrely cleared off, and tho short wintinV twilight was but slowly i-reeping o i as husband and wife were oa thoir way to ttio etu.ii ?. He maintained a rigid silence. Lie was evidently boside himself, and the pi-t-r little woman had wisdom enough at last to cease vain importuning. Tho large high window still admitted sulBoiont light to his painting-room to a^low Mr. Horace Luttridge to critically examino tho result of bis afternoon's work as it stood on the easel in front of him. Whilst so employod a ring at tho model's entranco took him, palotto and brushos iu hand to;the door. 'Bless my heart,' he exolaimed, ; on seeing who his visitors wore. 'This is a surprise — a most unexpected pleasure.' , Dartrell, followed by his wife, brushed past him without salutation. When the door was shut he turnod abruptly and said, ' I doubt, Mr. Luttiidge, if you will find our visit a pleasure. It gives mo none, I promiso you. To come to the point at onoe, have tho goodness to tell me, if you ploase, how it is I found this ring in this room this morning.' Ho had taken tho iewelled hooD from his waistcoat pocket, and was now holding it up conspicuously in tlie light, in which its three largo diamonds flashed brilliantly. Great as had been the artist's surprise i from the first, it had grown every moment, and had become something more now, especi ally when ho saw from Lucy's expression that the production of the ring was as unexpeoted to her as to himself. He looked completely bowildered. His color camo and went, and ho was some time before he spoke.- The emergency was so sudden and unforeseen that a man of stronger uerve then Horace Lutt ridge might have displayed some confusion. Presently, however, by an effort ho pulled himself together, and said with comparative calmness : ' Excuse me, Mr. Dartrell, but upon what grounds do you assume that I know how you come to find a ring in my room ? I know nothing about it. Indeed, I don't know that you did find it here. Your manner is extremely offensive, let me tell you, and without further explanation I decline pro longing this interview.' Dartrell laughed derisively ; whilst his poor wife, standing between the two men, cast appealing glances one to the other. He put her aside, and addressing Luttridge, said : ' Ob, I will explain, sir, never fear. Listen therefore, both of you. You see, this is the ring, which I gave my wife when we wore engaged. I could swear to it, anywhere. Ou the morning of the day before we were mar ried she wore it, as she had ever worn it since I gave it her. In the evening of that 3ame day I missed it from her finger, and she told me with some distress that she had lost it.' ' Where, I inquired. She did not know. Mark that, She would be sure to find it ; but she never did find it. That agreeable task was left for me.' (Concluded in Wednesday's Issue. J 