FACT AND FICTION. books of thb day. "Tho Daughter of Alouotte," by Mary Alicia Owen (Mctliuen and Co.'s Colonial Library), Is a tale, of the St. Louis country just before and at the period of tho gold discoveries in Cali fornia of 3840, when tho "noble red man" liad some of primitive virtue in him, and tho "ignoble black man" was still a olave. It. telln bow the tnfatit child of a French huntor.nnd a pretty Indian girl Is, on tlie death of her' mother, adopted and brought up as their own hy a Methodist preacher and ids wife, both worthy and, estimable people, Tho child develops Into a handsome and fascinat ing woman, but Yvlth much of the Indian nature In licr. On her sustaining a slight cross tn love, this 'nature becomes stlit moro apparent,', and finally, Yvlth tbe consent of her adopted parents, she "returns to her. own people" and marries ft young chief, who, as described tn the took. Is certainly much more worthy of her -Umn the white lover of her girlish admiration'. It need scarcely be said that tbe Indian of the days contempo rary with this story was a very different creation from some of the "shows" that have visited us. So far as style and Yvrlting arc concerned, the book Is decidedly attractive. .One lie# to get away from home to hear about oneself. There really can be few comparatively Yvell-read men In Australia who have' not perused tho story of "Fisher's Ghost," ns told by John Lang, erstwhile of Sydney, bar rister, and subsequently editor of that clever and eccentric paper "The Mofus- silltc" of India It .yvos again retold, and very well, -too, in Messrs Massina and Co.'s "Australian Journal." And yet, In the Y'ery last number of "Long man's Magazine" wc find Mr Andrew Lang, an able, though, somewhat petu lant,' and occasionally vexatious, critic, noticing a book entitled "News From thelnvlslble World," writing satirically— "The author cites from the 'Monthly Magazine' (no dute given), In nu article on ' The Police In Now Holland.' the famous Parramatta story. One Fisher a settler, disappeared niul his stutloi was managed by a servant who hail been a convict. One day, late on Satutj day night, a neighbor saw Mr Fisher '/ sitting on a gulc,' or, rather, a railinu The neighbor shouted to Fisher, wli walked away. Fisher's assistant luf the assurance to declare that Fisher lun been drinking In the nearest town., k native policeman, named Sam, wis called In. Hu examined the ralllK where Fisher luid perched, found si stain, sniffed at It, nttd at once (j- elarod It to be 'white man's blood.' II. ecoq could not liave rivalled the acur- uchh on Uie port of Samuel. Sam tlfrn —enlightened by cannibal experlonccJln his unconverted stale — cried, 'Wile man's fat.' Next he sped to a copjjco, bored it with a ramrod, and finally cito, 'White man here.' So there was por Fisher with a fractured skull. Thcjex- convlct was tried and condemned I on 'Circumstantial evidence' at Sydney! In a famous Highland case— the munlr of a sergeant— the accused escaped oust because the sergeant's ghost had iven information. They were not so pasicu- lar In Sydney, and tho condemneuwus hanged after making confession! Ho had killed Fisher, and had af first hidden the body In the pond, dough afterwards ho dug It and burled itpow, docs any Australian archajolagisticnow whether If this trial exists In the indents of Sydney?" The analytical Jpdrew may rest assured that It docs, an any one who can procure "Talcs of rotany Bay," by the author of "Yorke.pfou'ro Wanted," 'IToq Much Alike," an half a dozen other clever novelettes. 11 find the whole story truthfully and (jamatl- cally told. 