VARIOUS MATTERS. ^ —0 One man liae found a euro cure for the bloomer craze. He was a shrewd Vern»o titer end I lift wife had been addicted to thu bloomer habit for hcvvrn] wiikg. In vuin Las he coaxed, expostulated, DHJ threatened, hat hi* hi-tter h&U; hats refused to give up her Bwpycer costume. After thin port of urging had gouc on lor ft whilw tli wife went out ff^r a spin one day, clad i in her favorite toes. While she w«a gone her husband aat down nt the pcwinj» niacliine aud made a jia• i* of (>looni< r6 for every lien in the }ducc. Ife dre«v Llicni ou the hens and when his wife returnM he called her to the barnyard. " They leak exactly as you du," he said, " only tli^y nro n good deal more graceful." You can depend upon it thero wore some lively words for a f^w moments, bnt the woman loo not woru bl 00 in era since, and, wlmt is more, she declared she will never be teen in them again. This might be a good remedy for other hmbands to try who fji) to «ee tlie beauty of tho new woman's latest rig, and to properly appreciate it. Mr J. llenniker Jleaton tells an interesting sequel to thu most famous Australian ghost story which came to his knowledge OB one of the proprietors of the leading New South Wales weekly, the Town and Country Journal. One of the most famous murder cases in Australia was discovered by the ghost of the murdered man sitting on rail of a dam iuto which his body had t thrown. Numberless people eaw if, and the crime was duty brought home. Yen re after, a dying man making his confession snid that he invented the ghoat. He witneFfed the crime, hut was threatened with death if he divulged itaB he wiahed to, and the only way he saw out of the " impasse " was to affect to (ee the ghost where the body would be found. As boon as be started the story, such is the power of nervousness that numerous other people began to eee it, antil its fame reaobed such dimensions that a eearch was made and the body found, and tbe murderers brought to justice, When a wife has separate estate she is not bound to pay anything for a husband who is able to work but will not. Possibly if he went into the workhouse tho guardians might call upon her to pay something towards bis support. Beyond that she is not bound to pay anything. If an aesaalt took place the husband could be bound over to keep the peace. If a wife moves from her bouse to a smaller one she iB bound to admit her hueband if he comes there to enjoy her society. But if he merely comes for the shelter of her bouse he may be shut out, the more especially if the wife has herf&miiy; liviug with ber. M Americans hnve twico within this gene, ration upset all the standards of naval cou* (traction aod warfatc," said an' English earal officer. ** First your monitors, Merritnac and Alabama, changed in a jiffy all tho naval designs in Europe, and later on you havo perfected a steel projectile which seems able to peuetrate any armor that can be carried on a ehip. The 100-tou br?ech> loading rifle cannon is 39 fett long, 17 inches bore, takes 7001bs of powder at a charge, carrics a ehot weighing a tiu and can be loaded, aimed and discharged by the band of a lady in less than ono minute, so simple is the machinery by which it is operated.' It should always bo remembered, however, that the effectiveness of theoe enormous guns is red coed nearly one*liaJf in actual battle at sea bcutuse of the movements of the sea, while the resistanct of the is made almost twice as effective by tbe eame causes. A law lias been enacted iu Michigan whioh compels the owners cl fruit trees and to spraiy. them with appropriate ineeoticides and fungicides under penalty ol a fiue jiot exceeding GOdol., or imprisonment not to exceed sixty days, or . both. The evident purpose of. this law is to compel negligent fruit-growere to do their fall shore suppressing iojarions insects and plant diseases, ,* wrk.which ean only be done by «oioperaiioo». Tjjree commisHioaers apjMuated -by tbe epleot .men of any township ' are anthorised to notify growers whenever insect or fungoos pMts ore foond in their otchtuds-.or.yineyarda, And if the growers; fail.toepray.their.trees or viota the com*. :miss»onerB are,to do their work at tbf» ex. oeuBo.of tbe towo. whioh can recover costs from tbe owner, It seems probate that tbe most fruitful exciting cadse of cold in the head is the i chilling efleot of the 'absurd headgear that uien affeot thlsWeaV winter. Where ss the sanity in wearing the eame head covering whether the temperature is fct fcero or whether it is 90'degraes Fahrenheit iu the ^bade ? Kotht^gis inore unsuitable for the purposes ©f warilitb than a 6)Jk hat -with » leather lining: ' We - pride oureeWes. upon our civillflaUbn.'-and^yet an Esquimaux ID advance'of us io the roatter'of wjnter j iiead covering.' Cab we be surprised «f neuralgias : and 1 cold- upon' cold; • with 1 all thei ji favouring potentialities' for gnve compli* 1 t ati on,'abound T Mofctof us have realised thit it it folly notto lceep oar feel; trann iahd dryJ/ymeans ,of' H, J»eger- lined ^boata And rubher anow ehoes. But few act upon jttie-elemeniary pnociple of personal hygien^ that tbe head u also an extremity to he kept vafm."; ladies *nd • tbe wording classes are not ] eop'ertDgto muoh in this cpidomic,- .fOr the teafcon, probably, - that - ahey wea pometfilug' warmer thau eitk or felt "hats. Xt5s ^hfe"tjroTettioi>al ahd official classes pho •rejatJBivt most)»^ Attacked; ktod ^bpomeioci oTlnfeotion.-AS'mentonst'onotingingto it^s tp^ Wisbeh that it ms ii)6ro'generally • luiSwfl^at^feltiidlDga^dshoonderablyto the^^bnth otthe^hea^ By ihe bubeUtu- ^on^UVts simple and inek^erfslre ^tnkteral ^r^il^uaUeather one »ebtiUai>f^e9^ ^iitulmgm may ie hnril orptvrinted -^fte, 1 JyittSjoabt Interesting Sto «*prcn_thp 