COUNTRY NEWS. ArnTrvTriA\mrF.i?. Ji-xe so. A team of seven of G Company of mounted rirfcs at Warrnambool, Victoria, arrived here on Sunday to contest with tho Mount Gambier Mounted ltilles at rifle and re volver shooting. The revolver ammunition not arriving till to-night tlie match was post poned till to-morrow, but the rifle match was held to-day on the Mount Percy Range. The weather was favourable, except that the light was dull and somewhat variable. The dis tances were 300, 500, and 'W0 yards, seven rounds at each distance, and there were seven men a side. Tho visitors won at every dis tance, scoring iXKi to the local team's 429, thus winning by 77 points. In the evening the visitors were entertained by the Mount Gam bier Rille* at dinner at the Town Hall Hotel. About forty wero present. A very pleasant evening was spent. Captain Wilson (Mount Gambier) presided, and Captain Dr. Jermyn was in the vice-chair. A largo wolf-Hke animal, with a big dark brown head, a smoky-coluured Iwdy and dark tail, was seun twice last week on Mr. Davi son's property, near the Border, by two youug men named Orchard. ^Their dogs would not go near it. A similar animal has been seen withiu the past few days iiear Port Mac Donncll. It is supposed to be a wolf or dingo, or a cross between them, liko that which was shot by Mr. Donovan last year near Mount Salt ami afterwards exhibited here and in Adelaide, it u probablo parties will be organized to hunt for and shoot it. Tho taking* at the Frew Park bazaar for the first three days totalled £-J5. Last night the Mount Garabier Lodge of Freemasons entertained Brother S. Solomon, P.P.JJ.G.P., at a farewell banquet in the Masonic Hall, Helen-street, and a pleasant evening was spent. There were about twenty five present, and Brother G. Watson, W.M., presided. Mr. 'Solomon leaves on Friday or Monday ? next for Northam, Western Aus tnUia, with his family. GAWLER. Jclv3. Mr. R. Lamprey, who has been telegraph stationmasier at the Gawlcr Railway Station for many years, has been promoted ro Quorn. He is a very popular officer, and will be much missed, especially in the musical circles of the town. Ui.s successor will be Mr. C. Ball, stationmastur at Smithfield. The Wcileyans held a sale of gifts in their schoolroom on Monday afternoon, and raised £12 towards tho Church Kenovation Fund. Tha Wosleyaa Literary Socixy held a social last nielli. MOOSTA, JciT 1. A successful entertainment was held_ this evening at the Institute Hall in aid of Mr. Thomas's pre^itation fun(L Momberuof all the choirs in the neighbourhood took part in the choruses and solia, and members of tho police .sutf gavw an oxnirtition of swonl exer cise. The local athletic club also rendered assistance with dumb-bells, singlesticks, and dubewingins exorcists* in a highly creditable manner. Air. Harry 'f revorah,' of Ardroasan, contributed several comic songs in character, which wero muih appreciated. The Mayor, 3Ir. Uifindell, before the close of tho pro gramme referred in eulogistic terms to Mr. Thomas's devotion to music, and the great . debt the public -iwed him for bis services during the past sixteen years. He then presented Mr. Thomas with a purse containing forty-hix sovereigns. The recipient briefly responded, thanking those who had so gcncrou-sly acknowledged his services, and the Mayor for his complimentary remarks. Owing to the shady rise in copper increased activity is being shown at our local mines, and there- aru uow no unemployed in the district. HOLDER, Jot 27. The various works «et out by the cipert aro being vigorously prosecuted and promise well. Crops are looking erand, and if the season continues as favourable as it has been up to now tlie croakers will havu to take a back seat. The settlers generally speaking are in good health. Sunday evening services liavo been resumed, and arc conducted by Mc-srs. J. J. Odgers and IL Crucker. They are well attended. The Sunday-School also has beuu restarted with grat.fying results. « ALDIXGA, Jise 27. Owing to removals in connection with the Education Department, we are losing our heail teacher, Mr. W. J. George, who baa hid a very successful career during hia sojourn here. His examinations during the past three years have avenged 00 per cent. He has bciii appointed %.o Gopp'n Gross, and left with his family this morning. Mr. George and family were tendered a farewell social last evening, which was largely attended. Mr. W. J. lllacker, M.P., occupied the chair, and referred to tho high esteem in which Mr. George and family were held by tho residents, as M'cll a? by the parents and children ; also to the valuable assistance rendered hy him to the Wesleyan Church, Literary Society, and th« Institute. Ho pn-.?utcd Mr. George with a Itook of painting and sculpture. Ucfcreuco was also made to tho fact that at the last tivo school exhibitions held in Adelaide Aldinpv had secured first prize for writing, of ah to «11 schools whoso average attendance was under 1*1. Mr. George suitably re sponded. . A programme consisting of singing, dancing, recitations, and games was success fully carried out. OONTOO PARK (Queensland). .May 20. Mr. J. A. Bank.*, J. V. and Border Customs omcerat O.vjtuo. h.-^ lx:cn promoted to be officer in charge of the Custom:; :-.c Hucgerford. and lie will inavo this place shortly. The newly appointed olficer arrived by last night's coach via Xorundra from Dun'daU-rg. The Cooper is now crcnsable here. Tlie herbage made fair growth after the late rain on tho town reserve, but owing to a resident's large herd of goats the feed. has alniust dfcanDcurcd. The postmaster has announced that the mail arrangements have been altered again. The Oonto;- mail now !-:iVcs on Friday at ti a.m. for Innaunneka, the mailboy returning the same day with the mail from Adelaide. URANIA, Jcse 20. Mr. O'Brien, representative of tho 'Sheen- dip Company,'1 has conferred with the far mers in thp local hail. A ' dip'1 is to be con structed at once. The Mutual Improvement Society held its opening meeting on the - 1th for the purpose of electing officer!!. A ballot was taken with the following result:— President, Mr. Carlaw (third year); Vice- President, Mr. F. Green slade; Secretary, Mr. Francis (third year); Treasurer, Mr. G. Gruensladc; Assistant Secretary, Miss Edic Grecnsladc. ATHEL5TOXE, Jcse 2(5. An entertainment was given in tho local Institute last evcuiuff by a cumpany o-* ladies and gentlemen fmin Teatrec Gully iu aid of funds for thu Institute which is being built at Toatree Gully. Mr. Donaldson, Prcsidont of the Athe!stone Institute, presided over a fair attendance. The programme, which consisted of chonises. soiiss, recitations, and a fare*) entitled 'Joe's Ghost,' was concluded by a dance. ? HAWKER, Ji:-T. 24. The following officers have becu elected for the next ienu in connection with the Northern Unity Tent, I.O.R., South Australian Dis trict:— 0:11.. Brother C. Leidimaun; D.R., Sister R. Player; P.C.R., Sis- ter M. Jackson; Secretary, Brother X. G. Harris, P.C.R. (re-elected); Treasurer, Brother W. J. Pyman (re-elect wl); Steward*, Brother A. Wardle and Sister A.' Burr; Levites, Brother P. Nayda and Sister J. Troloar: Guardian, Brother F. Me Beat h ; Auditor, Brother J. R. Barrett, P.C.K. BAROOTA, June 19. General regret is felt at the death of Mr. John Bews, sen., which took place at the residence of his daughter at Yatala, where he had gone for a change. The deceased's remains were buried at Port Germein. COCKBITRX,Juxe;27. A mob of cattle numbering 241. from Xorley Station, Queensland, owned by Mr. F. \\\\. Anni:a-c, consignetl to Elder, Smith, & Co., Limited, Adelaide, in charge of .1. Floyd, crossed the Border to-day f u route to Manna hill, where they will be trucked. SXOWTOWX, Jcxe 2f-. . Mr. John Jones, head teacher of the* Public School, is being transferred to Mouut Pleasant. He has acted as Secretary of the Mutual Improvement Society for several years with much success. Mr. and Mr*. Jones were invited to a social in the In3titutu on Tuesday last, when short addresses were made by the' Rev. H. Mugford and Messrs. W. U. Hale and C. Green, representing the Mutual Improvement Society and School Board of Advice. Mr. Jones responded to the good things said abnnt him. ' Light refreahments wero provided, and games were indulged m during the evening, interspersed with music. Yesterday Mr. Jones was the recipient of a silver inkstand ami serviette ring as a pre sentation from bis scholars. Mr. C. Green, Chairman of the School Board, made the pre sentation, and Mu&sr;*. W. 11. Hall and Joseph Turner, members of the Board, wore also pre sent. Mr. Jones thanked the children for the presents. .The Land Board met here on Wednesday to allot five sections of land in the Hundreds of Barunga and Cameron. There were no less than 130 applicants. The following were tho allotment* made:— Hundred of Barunsa— Sec- tion 173, 2t»9 acres, James Saint ; Section 176, 315 acres, . G. Oakcv : Section 177. 27C acres, P. King. Hundred of Cameron— Section 30C, 403 acres, R. & W. Wyatt; Section 507, 92 acre?, C. Brockman. ? ' 