PLAIN GIRLS. 'Do plain girls ever become pretty ?' asks a Vsorrespondent. The answer is, Not always (writes a contemporai y). Sometimes a girl of ordinary looks grows into a most fascinating ' %voman, and if not absolutely beautiful may ' 'claim to be good-looking. How often the tall, bonv.. awkward cirl— the acknowledged tiprlv duckling of the family— develops into a perfect ' fepeciiucn of lovely woman. The bony lirabs liave rounded themselves, plump soft flesh lias filled up unsightly hollows, the squareness and angularity are departed, and the budding ? Vomatf is delicately proportioned as Venus. ' Just bo the plain girl of 17 may in time be conje the attractive young lady of 24 or so. A face that in early youth is blank and devoid of v ^3|§i*W?' P?***1 cuan'?os considerably as the .]«.; '?-.?Sjp^-'f^Pi flWP** giVi»g to the -features a beauty that was not . traceable before. Beauty often deserts the. lovely woman. ? Care, worry, or illness : play serious havoc with ft handsome $ace; and not these alone, for nature of her own accord sometimes erases the loveliness, leaving the face a very ghost of its former self . The features are not altered so much as The expression and expres sion has a deal to do with the beauty of coun tenance. - In fact, a .plain face owes much of its unattractivoness to its lack of expression there ire a heaviness and stolidity about it ; whereas a beautiful one, if not actually bristling with animation, has a graceful airiness and ease that add greatly to its charm. For the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution, for. as the maid becomes a woman she undergoes a wonderful transformation. With the development of the figure the face often alters considerably and mostly for the better. How often one hears the remark among friends meeting after some few years of absence, 'How you have altered ; I really shouldn't have known you.' Plain girls, therefore, aro not always plain, and healthy exercise, .happiness, and pontentment, with cafe and attention, may do much toward the development of good looks and general attrac tiveness. 