THE GRIME OF THE “’LIZA JANE," By FERGUS HUME, Author of “The Mystery of a Hansom Cab/’ “ The Dwarf’s Chamber,” &c.; I Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Loch Bowden, Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXVII. THE COURSE or TRUE LOVE, Notwithstanding my snzloty to rotnrn to Manxby, I was detained in town for three days. A maiden aunt, lately deceased, had left me a few thousands, and I oalled on my solicitor relative to the disposal of the money. He strongly advisod mo to buy a practice, and settle down ; bat infected as I was with the love of rooming, I was dis inclined to remain in Eugland. Ultimately I resolved to revert to my old mode of life, and to this end I invested the legacy so carefully, that with my original income I had now close on five hundred a year. Jnat Buffieient to see mo comfortably round the werld as often as I ohose to go. This mattor being settled, I left my lawyer to carry out my fussruotions, and returned to Manxby forthwith, Before leaving town I saw Trumpet, who informed me that Mrs Tyke had been committed for trial on the charge of obstructing the police in the execution of their duty ; and that Captain Jim’s ship was dropping down the river for Vera Ciiiz, I was rather astonished at this last pleoe of information, as I had not for gotten my friend’s intimation that he would see me at Manxby. I thought he had felled to keep his word, and felt a pang that he should so treat one for whom he had always professed a strong friendship. I had net so many frionds that I could afford to lose one. One of the first persons I saw whon I again took up my abodo in the Prince’s Hotel was Grace, who mot mo with an in jured air. “ I do call you a nice fellow, Fairfax,” ho said orosslv ; “ here I’ve been calling on you every day thinking you would be baok, and never a sign of von. I would have tele graphed you in ^to’.va only I did not know your address.” “ What is tho matter, Graoo ?” “Oh, tho same old thing. Cardell is again engaged to Adelaide." “ Clever woman that,” said I admiringly. “ I know she would manage it, bat I hardly expected tho quarrel would be made up so soon. Did Sir Digby give you tho joyful newB “Yes; he says Adelaide has explained her visit to Bruoe. it apposrB she wont on an errand of mercy—to warn Bruce against the anarohiats, so now Cardell thinks she is an angel,” “ He’li find out she's the other thing before he’s done. And Miss Cardell 2" “ Well, naturally she is angry, bat ail the same I think we will bo engaged after all. You soe,” continued G race, reddening, “ she has found out that she Iovob me.” “I congratulate you, Graoo,” said I heartily ; '* a marriago of love iu more likely to be happy than one of convenienoe. Though all the same, I have no donbt your JicLHcdQ Is pleased at the idea of escaping the constant company of Adelaide as a step mother.” " Sho just is. But what about your visit to towu ? Any nows V‘ “None. It seems to me that I may as well throw up the sponge. To all appear ance the anarohiats aro responsible for the whole business,” “ And Adelaide ? ’ “ She has been making use ef them for I tho gaining of her own ends. Honestly epeakieg, I do not think she killed Bruce' • but I have no doubt she brought about the committal of the crime.” “But she went to warn him.” “ Rubbish ! my dear fellow,” I interrup ted; “that is a pretty story to oalm the jealousy of Cardell.” We talked for soma time on these mattorB, and I was g.ad to hear that the course of true love was for onoe running smoothly. ' I had not seen much of May Cardell, and what conversation I had with her did not impress me with the fast that she was extraordin arily clever. Nor was she strikingly beautiful; refined and ariatooratio, I grant, but she lacked the splendours of Adelaide! The one wr.s a truly beautiful woman ; the other merely a pretty girl of the ordinary type. Still I thought she would match well with Grace, as he was a simple young fellow not overburdened with brains. More over, he was so deeply in love, that I was glad to think there was a chance of his attaining, as he thought, complete happi ness. “ Ono_ thing I should like to know,” said I, after listening to an enthusiastic account of May’s perfections, ‘‘how Miss Cardell became aware that Adelaide visited Bruce “ You asked that before, and I could not answer you,” replied Grace, laughing; “ but 1 oan now. When Adelaide and May were on tho Esplanade one day, Bruce passed them, and as he did so murmured in Ade laide’s ear, ‘ I must see you at onoe;’ She replied, ‘ Thursday, at nine o’clock In the evening.’ Then Bruce nodded and passed on, but May overheard the speeches, and so she guessed that Adelaide know him.” “ Did ehe tell her father , Pardt:!1 waa uo dooply in love with Mies Ersklne, that she was afraid to say a word against her.” “Did Miss Cardell know Bruoe’ Sho said she did.” ’ By right only, as sho conforaed to me He was a striking-looking mau, you know Besides, May hoard of him Indirectly through her maid, who is r, friend of Mrs Gib’s sorvEut," “It is strange that while Miss Cardell knew him only as Graingor, ahe should speak of him as Bruoo.” You forget, raid Graoe, Bignifioantly “ sho overheard the conversation at tho dinner-table when Airs Bannister told the story. Tho identity of Grainger with Brnoe was then fully established.” “ J forgot that. Yes; it seems all Intel ligible enough,” The next morning, having ascertained that Adelaide was still at Manxby, I strolled aiong the cliff to enjoy the view, intending later to pay a visit to Canute Villa. I had no longer any onrlosity r.bont the house, as I knew that it was Mogsey whom Adelaido had kept go secluded, No?/ Magsey, batter dressed than usual, went daily down to tho beaoh, and had struck up an acquaintance with Ben Lnn. Thoro was no longer any need for concealment. Nevertheless, out of curiosity, I still de sired to see tho interior of Canute Villa, and so I bent my steps in that dlreo'.im, coming round in the enrvo of tho oliffi. Hero the ground was oovorod with sand, whitish grass, dry ling, and heather, pleasant to look at, to lie on. Below, the ocean stretohed np to the olear line of the horizon glittering in the bright sun, and several Bhipa were Etraining at their anchors. I did not take muoh note of the sea or ships, as my thoughts were busy with Adelaide, and I was on the point of resuming my walk when J saw her some out of her house and advanoe towards 1 no. She wore a kind of yaohting costume jf white serge, and as she walked forward swinging her lithe figure, I thought I had never seen so beautiful a oreature, In my heart I half forgave Cardell for his infatua tion. She would have oonquered a monaroh. “ Ah ! yon are baok again, Doctor," Bhe said, coming np to me with the oolour in her oheets. “ 1 expected yon sooner, but I suppose your important business of finding a mare's nest kept yon longer than you ex pcoted.” “Won’t you sit down, Miss Erskine?" said I, taking no notice of the joke; “the heather is quite dry. Thou we can talk more at onr ease.” She nedded with a a mile, and took her Eeat on a rounded hump, purple with heather. I sat on a similar one opposite to her, and still smiling, she leaned her ohln on a tall cano Bhe oarried, and stared at me with marked scorn, “So your mother is committed for trial," said I, resolved to take her at a disadvan tage. “ So she tells me,” replied Miss Erskine, in no wieo disturbed. “ Poor mothar 1 Never mind, I'll put that right soon. But that is a family matter, Doctor, about whloh wo need not talk. Are you still of the opinion that I shall not beoome Lady Oar dell?" I ‘No ; Grace told mo that you had your puppet danoiug again. Poor devil 1" “ I don’t soe why you should pity him, Doctor. He is going to marry me ; lam beautiful, I am clever, and above all, I am good-natured. Oh, you’ll see I’ll make the oreature very comfortable 1 He’ll have a much batter timo with me than he had with his first wife," II I’m glad you think so, Miss Erskine,” was my reply. “I confess that I Bhould not like to maks the experiment.” “Ah ! Well, now that we have oompll mentorl one another, let us get to business,” “ Business 1" “ Yes ; yon have thrown up the sponge.” “Ihave. Captain James Barry and In spector Trumpet both think that the deaths aro duo to anarchists, so I have abandoned the oase,” “ Yet still remain of the same opinion.” “I believe it was yon rather than the anarohists, if that Is what yon mean.” “That iB what I do mean,” she said qniokly ; “ thank you for a painfully plain answer. Well, Dootor, when a child Is good we give it sweats. You have been good, and I am going to give you sweets. In other words, to-morrow night you shall learn this mystery which has perplexed yen se long,” “What do you mean ?” I cried, starting to my feet. “ What I say,” she answered, following my example. “ Don’t you understand Eng lish ? I shall tell yon who killed Brnce, and how it was done,” “ Now?” I said hoarsely, scarcely believ ing my ears. “No! To-morrownight.” “ Where?" “ In the cabin of yonder ship,” She poiutsd to a barque to the right, and my eyas followed her hand. With a Bfcart of surprise I thought I recognised the rig of the ship, but I was not snre, Seeing my doubt, Adelaide beokoned to a ooast guardsman who stood some little distance away with his glass tinder his arm. The man, who had been taking furtive glances at her beauty, came with alacrity, “Lend this gentleman your teleBoope,” said Miss Erskine, and in another moment I had the end of it to my right eye. The ship swam into the range of the glass, and I re cognised her at once. It was The Seeker. I knew her too well to be mistaken. The Seeker, and at Manxby ! Now I knew the meaning of Captain Jim’s last words. Meanwhile, Adelaida had dismissed the ooaBt-guardsman with a gratuity and a smile, and now stood waiting for "me to speak. What 1 did say was brief, but to the point, “I know the boat. I’ll go on board when you will.” “Goodl Matt mo at the end of the Esplanade—the old town end—at eight o’clock to-morrow evening, Ben Lun will take us on board.” “In tko Jane?" I said, with a shudder. “Why, yes ; you are not afraid of ghosts, are you?” she sneered. “Once on board, and yon will learn the truth—also what a fool you have been. I don’t think there is anything more to bp-y at present.. Good- i day, Dootor.” ! And she walked off Bmartly, lea ring me in a state of etnpofaotion. 