Jii if. ORIGINAL pOET^l LOCALLY MANUFACTURED. HE HAÚNTETH AGAIN. [BY THBNIQHT WATCHMAN.] They sat round'the board, round the board ia'the Hall, Nor smile c a face you discern, Determined of purpose—six Fathers in all- Immaculate, icy, and stern! They sat round the board, where the letter -was laid From the "hand of the Wesley divine, All instinct with' reason, no suppliant he prayed ' For the water that yellow doth shine. U Aid some they were moved by its logic, I ween, And some by their sympathy led ; A moment, and ri*ht would have triumphed, supreme, And wrong have lain withered and dead. But the moment it passed, and the " turn in the tide," Untaken, to failure led on; And the triumph, that justice might wring from their pride That moment, for ever was gone 1 One mind t^at was strong, or one voice that was true, With justice imbued, and with right, "Would win at that moment the wavering few, And triumph achieve over might; But silent the voice at the turn of the tide, And the thirsty he calleth in vain ; And the hope that endurèth, by faith glorified, In tfre desert of drought must remain. The comfort they gave to the servaát of God Was scriptural too to the core; For they hade him go forth with thenfagical rod Like Moses, the prophet, of yore, And strike on the rock of the waters úriwet. And win for himself the cool tide : But nought from municipal funds would he get— For Joseph ; no, not if he died 1 Then a cold wind and chill, like the North's icy-blast, Swept round the Municipal Hall; And the mystical voice of the spirit land cast Its mantle of awe over all— And thus in the accents of warning it spoke, In tones all prophetic of doom, That seemed from the depths of the grave J 1 newly woke, • While filling the icy cold room :— •*'"Soq,r lives may be white as the wings of the dove, And stainless and pure as the snow; But as sure as I live in the regions above, And you in the regions below, Shall the ghost of yotir conscience attend yon thro' life, From mom to the close of the day, And rend your hard heart? with its innermost strife. And torture its victims alway. Your servant may lave in the crystalline tute, His garden the surplus may share, "While the residue waters to mine are denied ' For nature's necessities bare ; Hi* tap may indulge in the orthodox flòW, And flush the inodorous drain ; While disciptes of mine are appealing, you know, Appealing for justice in vain ! From my home in the skies you haV'e x&lled; toe again, From my haven of ultimate rest, Ye hard and uncaring Municipal men, By charity's aegis unblest! 'When Charon appears on the dark river's shore With hispaddle and ancient canoe, \- And you beg of the boat-man in agony sore. To he ferried the dark waters thrdVigh, When the smell of the brimstone is'hellish aiid strong, And the sulphur is making you srfeèxe, And the flames of the furnace are tíSrried ''along On the burning Plutonian breeze, when the wfceping and wailing and gnashing of teeth \ Is borne on the blast to your'ears, "tVJpi the rumbling and rolling of thVinders beneath Arousing your spiritual fears, &nd; a passage denied your Municipal souls Across the dark Stygian pool, wander while aeon on dark seon 'rblls, Nor drop your hot coppers to côol: !ih"! then you'd repeut of the cruelty done In this waterless valley Mow ; 'Sút,' too lale,' as the greedy boy said to the bun— Too late! not the ghost of a show ! (IAMMKRS ÓK CELEBRATED AUCTIONEERS. . Bt/siness-like beings are most súcceessfnl 'latctioneers 'as they often cherish some little degree of sentiment in regard to their há'mmers,and it is the boast of great numbers *of them that they have kept to the'sHrae hammer throughout their whole careeré. Most of thfe'hammers of celebrated auctioneers of 'thfe past have been kept by their relations. favorite instrumant of the eloquent Robins was the handle and hilt of a dress swotd which belonged to the dissolute but iccbmplished Lord Rochester. The first Tattersall kept to one hammer throughout liis'career this being nothing more or' less tháti the top part of a tipstaff,the sign of authority once displayed by bailiffs of a •certain degree. % . Corks that havè been steeped in vaseline *>i - re an excellent substitute for glass stoppers. Acid in no way affects, them neither do they become fixed by a blow or Jong disuse. In short, they have all utilities of the glass wifc^sv.t its d-'sadvnntaiii-i. 