REVIEWS. „, ■ The asoene of "'A JEItimWe Sfotenwise," by ^ AdaOamhridge, ialocated m Melbourne, T onbUnhokhier and aclead bare dangling inSs : Joseph wasoros&ing-a; railway line, s^Biid'a toinBwe^inground a curve swept Mai ^ out of existence. :^xhei widow and' cnildifen; jbpld council as to their futurm which looked none too-rosy. Jenny, the eldest, is a self " teliant, pretty (jiri, and at her suggestion they . open a feasbop in Little Collins-street, where ladiesmightrefresh themselves after mspect ing the fashions. ■ How the humble enterprise succeeded andwhat befell the prettv Jcrmy are narrated in a very amusing and delightful manner indeed. jPhe book is nicely illus trated. "The Vanished Emperor/' by Percy Andreas, is ~a mixture of fact and fiction which deals with some striking incidents in the lifo of ft famous old English diplomatist The story fcingesOn the Hanoverian succession, and many eminent personages, under a thin disguise, are intttriuoed, among whom -are the German Emperor, Bismarck, the Dnke of Cumberland, an<f others of lesser rank. The book opens with the contemplated voyage of the Kaiser to the East, but when the moment for departure arrives theEtnperc t is not to be found, and, of course, there is consternation throughout his dominions. It is a well-written work, the dialogue interesting, and the characters clearly presented. "Rust of Gold" is a volume of up-to-date stories and smart dialogues by Francis Prevost, in which there is nodisptayof either cardinal virtues or deadly sins: and for this much thankB. It opens with /False Equivalents,' the Story of a variety •stress and Lord Veynes, which by no means ends in the orthodox fashion. In ' A Ghost by the Sea' the author, like the Fat Boy in Pickwick, does his best to make the reader's * blood curdle,' .and succeeds admirably, hut rather more artistically. There is a " subtle charm and distinctive Btylo about the whole of theso cleverly written tribes >which makes them delightful reading. But why the title? If wo remember rightly, gold, with one excep tion, is tbo only metal which knows not * rust.' *' On the Verge" is a similar work by the same author, some of the pieces in which havealready appeared in Black and White and Temple Bar, hut they are well worth reproducing. The above are all published by Messrs. Ward, Lock, & Bowden, and reach us through Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, who have also sent " The Aft of Happiness," by Montagu Blatch Iord, Clarion Office, illustrated by the author. In this vigorously written book we are told how men and women may make the best of the present unsatisfactory social conditions, and theroby obtain happiness and content ment. There is a lot of sound reasoning in tbis shilling volume, which should be bought and studied. "Th& Doctor's Double/* by Nat Gould: Routlcdge 8c Bona. Dr. Dane and his twin brother Frank are as like as two jxias. Frank goes mad, and is confined in a private lunatic asylum, where he persistently asserts that ho is tho real Dr. Dane. After a time he escapes, secretes himself in his brothor'a house, and chloroforms him while asleep. With all a madman's cunning he changes clothes with his brother. Frank then sends for the keeper of the asylum, and the sane "doctor takes tho place of the madman. Frank, who had also studied medicine, continues his brother's prac tice. Amy Montrose, Dr. Dane's sweetheart, some five years prior to this event had" left England to keep house for her brother in Aua tralia. Frank before his madness bad loved " Amy. He keeps up his brother's correspon dence with her, and they arrange to be married inSydney, whither Frank proceeds. Thiscleverly conceived plot is well worked out, and tho book will be found exciting from cover to cover. "Ireland," by William O'Connor Morris, Cambridge University Press. This work, written by an Irish Judge, is a history of Ireland during 1494—1868. It begins with a description of the island and its inhabitants before tho Anglo-Norman Conquest, the last' notable event mentioned being the Fenian rising in 1867. Irish history, especially when contrasted with that of England, shows most jrtrikinjglv how calamitous were the effects in the middle ages of the complete absence of a strong monarchy and a strong central Govern ment from a land abandonod to feudal oppres sion and to tribal disorder and discord. This excellently written work bears witness to the truth that it is difficult for a Teutonic people to manago or even to understand a Celtic. " Miss Armstrong's and Other Circumstances." This is a volume of cleverly written stories by John Davidson, Miss Armstrong is an original and amusing study, and it would be difficult to find a more realistic bit of writing than that which describes "Alice Hepburn's Exploit." A most humorous sketch is "Talk ing Against Time," whilst "An Ideal Shoe black" and "Among the Anarchists" will be found deeply interesting. Altogether there are ten stories, the last being a pretty fairy tale. Mr. Davidson's healthy unconventional style is a treat. Mrs. Oliphant is a delightful as well as a prolific writer, and in " The Two Marys" there is not a single character which is not cleverly conceived and delineated. Mary Pevoril's mother is dead and her father, a clergyman, in delicate health, marries Mary Martindale, a young governess, his daughter at this time being a sensitive girl of fifteen. The clergymen dies soon 'after his second marriage. To eke out their small income the widow and daughter let two of their rooms to a young ciiil engineer, which results in some complicated lovWiaking. The volume also contains a story entitled "Grove Toad, Harapstead," which details the adven tures of an interesting Canadian family in London in a simple and vigorous manner. All of these works have reached us through Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son. The last two noticed are published by Methuen & Co. Through Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son we have received several of Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Bowden's latest publications. "The Girl at Birrell's" is one of the best Australian stories that hats come under our notice for some time, life on » great sheep principality in the Itive rina district being faithfully depicted. George Mukden is the youngest son of a rich parvenu, a great Melbourne importer, who gave huge subscriptions to charities and popular fads in the hopes of securing a knighthood. He had begotten a gentleman, ana the species was unfamiliar to him, so ho attempts, unsuccess fully, to mould George, who is incapable of a meanness, to the image' of himself. This leads to prolonged unpleasantness in the Muirden household, and ends in George being packed off to Moorabinna as a jackeroo. Some few miles from'the station is Birrell's Oondooroo Creek "Hotel, where Liw.ie, the handsome barmaid, dispenses smiles and whisky in return for squatters' cheques. The son of the Melbourne millionaire succumbs to the charms of the "Girl at Birrell's," which results in some rather interesting and startling complications. The dialogue is lively and the characters finely drawn. The author, who is evidently well acquainted with bu3h life, is especially find in hiadesffiption of« tinodvelyAuafraliam.ln fcbe _ Wynne FalUaerji" by Bertram JuHWi,*.«e.' have an exciting novel, ftbnndint m jtHamt situations. Tbi^.iit^'^aui infjouth Africa —-thebappyhuntii^ ground of Mate novelist, The feero is V man; yrith a- 1»»V who „ in 'etwi; life had been the vhrfam In an unfortuiiatelovo affair. The rich and bealitif ulEthel St. Kerrian pays a visit to her ■ African relatives. Heresoe meetaPalli&er;, j and the liking: at "first sight & mutual. To follow tiwlovers ibrojwh tbeir moefcextraordi tm(y African and English . adventures4 is : thrillingreading.-A number of illustrations by Stanley, Wood are beautifully executed.--, " The-Dwarfs' Chamber" is a collootion of tales by Fergus Hume. The one that gives the book its title is both original and striking; the others, notably the "IJead- Man's Iha monds" and the "Turquoise Skull,"deal with ) the terrible and mysterious.. Mr. Hume isa j capital story tellorwho can depict a powerful: scene in a very realistio manner, and some * spirited pictures by eminent artists are attrac tive. "Gathering Clouds," by Frederic VP*. Farrar, D.D.; Longmana Green, & Co. Colonial edition.—In this " Tale of the Hays of St. Chrysostom" the author says in the pro face that no does not appeal to the ordinary novel reader, but wishes to create an interest far deeper and higher than that of passing amusement. And ne has certainly succeeded, j fkmirrh tltM k/wslr -*« - l/in<v ifi (mArw rmo's I for though the book is long it keeps one's 1 interest through every phase presented of the life of Chrysostom. The first scenes are laid in Antiocb, then comes the appointment as , Archbishop of Constantinople through the j fjeney of the eunuch Eutropius. All the | athdrs work, troubles, persecutions, and the ! wicked plots of bis enemies in that corrupt j place and age are set out at great length. I With intense interest the reader follows the : life of" the saintly Archbishop, who was finally banished through the schemes of the Empress Eudoxia, and after incredible suffering and hardships died a < martyr in the year 407. "Chrysostom was sixty years of age. For nearly seven years he had been Patriarch of Constantinople; for three years and three months he had been a deposed, calumniated, and banished man. He did not live to see the clearing of his name, the scattering to the winds of the lies which had boon heaped upon his innocence, the deep re- 1 pentance of the children of bis murderers. | Fools counted hislife madness and his end to be without honour. Now is he counted among the children of God and bis lot among the saints." To those who know Dean Farrar's other 7 books thero is no need to speak of the beauty and graphic forco of the writing. As a picture of the corrupt Byzantine Empire, "the most thoroughly base and despicable form that civilization has yet assumed," the book is in-• valuable. The thread of romance running 1 through it is slight, and is almost lost sight of in the historic interest surrounding the noble figure of Chrysostom, an interest almost suffi- ! cient to carry even the "ordinary novel-! reader" through occasional pages where the ! historical facts are so closely packed that the most concentrated attention is necessary to ; follow thein. Every student who has under stood the author's purpose will feel with him : when he says in the preface:—"Yet however ■ much the Divine ideal might be obscured, it i was never wholly lost. 'The sun was often ! clouded, but behind that veil of earthly mists, [ on the days which seemed most dark, it was 1 there always flaming in the zenith, and it | could make the darkest clouds palpitate with light." Poems, by Cecil Frances Alexander. Maxi milian & Co.— Jn this rather bulky volume we have sixty-two hymns to begin with, followed i by a number of poems on sacred subjects, taken j from both the Old and New Testaments, j "Narrative and Imaginative Poems," "Ocoa- ' sional and Miscellaneous," "Translations,"! the volume ending with "Songs for Children." ! The verse as a rule runs smoothly, and that Mrs. Alexander, who died lfist year, was endowed with many of the qualities which go to make a poetess is evident. The first lines of "The Siege of Derrv" are a fair sample of : her easy style of versification:—. | 0 my daughterI lead me forth to the bastion on the north, Let me sec the water running from the green hills of Tyrone, Where the woods of Mountjoy quiver above the changeful river, And the silver trout lie hidden In the pools that I have known. j,Mr. J. P. Uthe djaiveratoand■ 4dies' (Allege, Melbourne/baa _ - a JSuolid primer, which provraeadqr w hneirs ,..* simplified version of Euclid's elements ofgeometry. That tfaeffi is zoom for Bach a work all teachers. who have had to undergo the labour of hammering into the beads of doli youths..and ■ of not, a few who are far front dull the principles of •Euclid will cheerfully acknowledge. The correctness of the following ' etatCmunt jsill be generally acknowledged! •— " The novice^" having struggled successfully with preliminaries, "'may now come face to face withpropositiona. Buthere the.crowning difficulty is met. There is no gradation in Euclid's order; complicated diagrams and. lengthy proofs occur on the threshold; nor if we retain the restrictions Euclid imposes upon himself is it possible to simplify the proofs or vary the order. Now it is admitted that .in the case of advanced students there' are strong reasons for retaining the elements of Euclid intact, but When providing .for beginners_ it seems mere pedantry to (ding to a book which at tho outset drives them to despair." The little book now issued is intended 11 to offer a solution of the problem of gradation," and as a rule this object is satisfactorily achieved. One or two of the explanations recall to mind the case of the man who, in answer to a question regarding a book he had been reading, said he understood the ordinary text, and hoped soon to have mastered the explanatory notes; but on the whole the primer can be recommended as likely to prove of great assistance to teachers end to youthful learners who can be induced to apply their minds to study. "The Labour Problem,'1 by Geoffrey Drage. Smith, Elder, & Co.—This volume deals with the labour problem from the practi cal'legislator's point of view. The author maintains that in self-help as opposed to socialism will be found the chief remedy for the ever-recurring labour troubles—self-help supplemented by a sympathetic administration of existing laws, assists'from time to time by practical detailed amendments of these laws to meet the ever-varying conditions of industry and commerce. " For a general reconstruction of society, and, indeed," says Mr. Drage, "for any so-called heroio legislation, there appears to bo no need." In addition to wages and hours of work, the book deals exhaustively with employers' liability, protective legislation and inspection, the employment of women and children, and trade disputes. Under the latter beading a chapter is devoted to picketing. There are four appendices, the first deals with "Socialism in relation to the labour question," in whioh Robert Owen and the Chartist movement is noticed. The others relate to the industrial conditions of tho working classes, the eradication of slums, the introduction of machinery, and a host of other kindred subjects. The work con tains numerous tables and diagrams, which show at a glance the comparative rate of wages in different trades for a given time, the varia tion in the price of commodities mostly used by the working classes, the decrease of pau perism, the increase of wealth, &e.; The amount of labour and research required to pro duce a volume like tho one before us must have been prodigious, and no doubt the practical experience Rained by Mr. Drage during his connection with the late Lafwur Commission was serviceable. Copious marginal references and an admirably arranged index add to its value as a book of reference. The work is dedi cated to Judge Windeyer, of New South Wales, " as a memento of the pleasant days spent with him at Athens and Marathon, and of his kindness and hospitality to the author in Australasia." Tfjk Eatu/? Church and tog Rowan Ci/Aiw.—Messrs. Melville, Mullen, & Slado, of Victoria, have published in paper covers a volume of 220 pages, containing the text of four lectures delivered by the Rev. J, L. Rentoul, M.A., P.D., Professor of Greek, &c.;, at Ormond College, Melbourne "Univer sity, in reply to Archbishop Carr on "Tbo Primacy of the Roman Pontiff." There is also a somewhat comprehensive ''Fore-word" addressed to Churchmen, Anglican and non Anglican, and a reprint of a number of letters ■which appeared in the Arms and the Af/e subsequent to the delivery of the lectures. Dr. Rentoul addresses himself to the task of annihilating the claim put forward on behalf of St. Peter that that eminent apostle held the position of Bishop of Rome, and deals learnedly and at large with the question of presbyters in the Early Church and tho evo lution of the Episcopacy. 