TBE LABJSS' f AGE. ; BONES AND BY-AND-BY; That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once. *-H4>(l£T. ■ - • •r " Hbman bones." . ( > • \- The very words haye a grim sound, and call upgrim ideas,: Etnblema^of death and disso* lution, such relics of poor humanity speak of -battlefield and' charnel-house, bearing about with them always the-motto painted on the skull found in Stratford Churchyard— To-day for me, to-morrow death Tor you. Such skulls,were, it' seems, up to the time of the Reformation, often kept oil the altar in' \- Churches'to remind people of the approach of death. They must have taken life easily, those ancestors of ours, to need so much reminding. How the old preachers loved to dwell on the f ghastly gruesome side of death, to gloat over -the poor lonely bones, and say, "This man i " whs full of hopes and fears and plans, of love 'and hate; he died; what use was-all his fret and strife?" They, liked to think of "the grinning skull beneath the fairest face," and say that "beauty was but skin-deep." A hateful, hurtful creed. Whenever I think of it T want to say Longfellow's " Psalm of Life" right through; bat do not be afraid; 1 will ndt ' even observe that Life is real; life is earnest. " It is not worth while," is a most dangerous sentiment, for women especially. Did you ever know a woman who "did not see the ' good" of anything involving a little exertion or self-denial who was any good herself in any way? I beg your pardon! You see the force of example; hero am I preaching. • To return to the point I have been aiming at all along, the old, old saying that beauty is ; but skin-deep. We are beginning to doubt it as we become better acquainted with this bony frame of ours in life not death, and as we learn to admire the beauty of absolute fitness these wonderful human bones lose their terror. In every paper and magazine we come across them, papers j not usually illustrated coming out unexpec tedly with halftone blocks of dimly seen anatomy; and we are becoming so accustomed to them that if we saw in the darkness a spectral hand beckoning we would murmur V Rontgen,"and look for needles, shot, orfrac- I tures. I Have we not, like the ghosts in the poem, Spread thin hands To the spectral blaze.. There is a wonderful charm about tin's "light that never was on sea or land"—till now. It js exciting to watch the progress of such a discovery. One only wonders what science and X rays will do next. Then, too, one thinks of the lives of patient labour that have gone to make the discovery possible. It re minds, one of Olive Schreiner's "Mighty Hunter" and the mountain of " Hard Facts," and how one man cut a few steps in the cold, hard granite cliff and died; and. another climbed up them and cut a few more, each rising higher by the work of one who. had laboured and died liefore him, and in his turn dying, leaving others to use his work if they could, for some of the steps so painfully cut did not even help those who followed—they were cut in the wrong direction. It seems so sad; arid yet I am not sure. Is it not grand to think that some who seemed to fail had succeeded better that they knew? Would t.hey not be glad to know that the work they had to lay down unfinished had been taken up and completed. What will the world lie like by-and-by? Wo may.know more. Shall we be happier in the twentieth century that is so near? Some folks don't think so. Here is a by no , means hopeful forecast from an article by Ouida on " The Ugliness of Modern Life":— "We hear ad nanseti-ni of the gains of modern life, of what is called civilization. Does no ono count its losses? It might be well todo so. It might act as a correct! vo to the inane self-worship which is at once the most ill founded and most irritating feature of the age. Perhaps other ages have in turn adored themselves in like manner, but there is not in history any record of it. Its prophets, heroes, sages, each age has either admired or exe crated; but I do not think any age has so admired itself as the present age, which has its prototype in William of Germany standing lietween two sandbanks and thinking himself greater than Alexander because his engineers I have succeeded in cutting for him a ditch j longer than usual. . . . Socialism, which has ; the future of the world in its hands, will pro- j bably be unable toabolish war, and willeertainly not care for beauty or seek to preserve it. The reconstruction of society Which socialism con templates will not be a state of tilings in which tbo beauty of either nature or art will, bo found or cherished. Collectivism must of necessity be colourless; equality can afford none of those heights and depths, those lights mid shades, which are the essential charm of life as of landscape." All this may be a little overstated. One cannot, write strongly without being a little onesided in our views, and yet is there not a fittla truth in it? Do we love beauty as wo should? We go for picnics certainly to the prettiest spots we can find, and we tear up wild plants by the roots, and leave behind us, not footsteps on the sands of time, but broken bottles and newspapers, which, useful as they are, do not enhance the beauty of the scene. We do not mean any harm, we simply do not think of consequences, how, fey-and-by, if everybody does so, there will be no beauty left. Then, do we care enough for beauty in our homes? I do not agree with Ouida when she asserts that artistic surroundings are more valuable than the most elementary sanitation. For my part I can't see why houses should not be at onoe healthy and beautiful, why those who can should iTot build their homes with -more thought of what is pleasant to the eye. In dress, too. If a few years ago any one had suggested that women would willingly wear garments that they knew to be unbecom ing no one would have believed it; now, if yon urge the want of gracefulness of some costumes worn—we will say in cycling—your are told that that has nothing to do with it—suitability is, the one thing to be considered. Now, I have seen some women who looked very nice on bicvcles and some who did not, and I do not believe in generalizing too rashly, but this is what " Ouida" says:— •'If all feeling for grace and bcanty were not extinguished in the mass of mankind at the actual moment, such a method of locomo tion as cycling could never have found accep tance; no man or woman with the slightest tsthetic sense could assume the ludicrous posi 011 necessary for it," That is putting it rather strongly, certniuly; perhaps the writer' has come across some specially Ungainly riders, I honestly, earnestly hope that the loss of beauty is not on the wane. The world is getting terribly matter eC- fact. It is for woman to see that in the rash and hurry of modern life peace and beanty and grace are not lost sight of, in our homes at least. . It is a hopeful thing that so many beautiful -colours end materials are in the shop windows; now; How delightful one 'eduld make one's home if only fitness had. ,tb be considered? What lovely dresses, tool '' Hut there must bo method in one's madness: even, in shopping. Next week 1 hope to say Something about it. By-the-way, I am glad to near that f'Chatter" has met With a hlOst bind welcome: even in another colony, and that some of my "hints" have proved usefuL , Iain going in for " economy" in all directions in my next, ■ and would be glad to-aUBwer any questions through these columns. Magpie. 