BALLROOM BICYCLING. A NEW IDEA. TO BE INTRODUCED AT GOVERNMENT HOUSE. The all conquering bicycle has had many) triumphs Politicians physicians, and professional. men of all grades and ages have gone down before or with it, but its latest and greatest conquest is the dancing man He willowy youth in toothpick, shoes and a vapid expression, who so long lorded it over the ballroom is to be hurled from his pedestal-a crushed and crumpled atom on the polished door the pneumatic tire is on his neck For a little while we shall meet him haunting the buffet like an out-of-date ghost grizzling morbidly over the decadence of waltzing and declaring (with the old dailies of Dorothy) ) that dancing entwining it use 1 to be in the merry days when he unsporting Some day humane pi opie will have him taken away in I an ambulance, and the dancing" man will die ' appear for ever , The bicycle has invade 1 the ballroom, and I on July 7 when lord and Lady Brassey) give their first-half of the season at Government house, a musical ride on his) idea will be an important item in the programme It will be an adaptation of the musical side of the Household Brigade or the Scots fire)", and many of the guests are now earnestly) once using the evolutions It is the beginning of a social revolution of course and it was inevitable Royalty is the great want of the ballroom Powder small quitting the manner cotillion an! barn (dance each had their day and their iii voices but the reign of the bicycle should be more lasting The ' (/ Island of the future will be pictured perhaps not in sum duchesse und I liner ii, but in short tweed 1 or cloth si iris or it inn) or even bloomers Australia usually waits for a Union social departure and follows their wanly and in turning their ot Mrs Ground) but in this particular and Australia leads In 1 round the bicycle was a feature in the Itotirnui south battle of flowers (and 1 nine-month is a very smart place) paid a few w Is na) and soon I) papers tell of a bicycle church part h in which the Duke and Duchess of VA ? simms Or, ford (contains, Lord Witherby I id) Italy Lady 1 i hear, him) Angi 11 1 orbits filly 1 "mont Lord and Lord Downshire, Lord George Hamilton Sir Georg, Chit wind, and ever so many more scions of nobility) to be pure but thus I if it would up pear that the British public in is still without its special truck uni I uni ed ends I though that may come in time Australia issue doubtful) Just Amongst the ladies and gentlemen who will take part in the unusual ill at Government house, are beside His I Wallasey theGover not, Captain titi the hon Mrs 1 minim I homes and! the Earl of Sh rates are Captain and Mrs. Neville (Commander Collins Mr and Mrs Keating Mrs (tins It in Dr Joyce Dr and Mrs Miiininllui Mr and Miss Clapp Mrs Malcolm Miss Butler, Mr Simms!, and others The ladies will wear acting costumes of pale blouses with dark hint Indian dark hint skirts The dress of the men will harmonies. It has not 11 in quite decided in cb it is but the return to his knee breeches and the silk stockings and perhaps the lace millions of (Jin end hyacinths reign is foreshadowed On Saturday) after noon a rehearsal was held in a I am" Suburban drill room with peculiarly) appropriate environments for a ball had been held the night before the floor was so highly polished Hint 1 much coal! had to e used to minimise that dread of all cyclists, Side slipping to instructor was Mr ( li I Eisenstein, of tin Carbon in the world who is a recent arrival in Melbourne with the most up to-date ideas in re Carl to the prevailing craze He had the honour of teaching these identical evolutions to the Princess of atta Princess Pleats the Prince and Princess of Saxe Weimar, the Duke and Duchess of ( Connaught the I am of Mr iftcsbui), Lord Lennox, Lord Harry Neill 'His tutor was a master in trick riding though none of his pupils have yet reached that stage of perfection I captain Neville and Commander Collins whose very tubs indicate the right to lead rather than follow, one) in a win di and the order of the interest, and Dr Noyes rumbles summer in the presence, and as docile as a hill, child Lord Richard Nevill (whose brother, Lord Mayor), with the art of Shalitabiir) was tutored) Mr 1 ekensteen in London) has not yet sufficiently) recovered from his buntine, act ident to take part in the musical rule It is noticable here us on the roads that the matrons of Melbourne have caught the bicycle infection in much more virulent farm than the maine Let the depressed and in nosed dancing teachers seek consolation in that he find it an era of Mr" Keating whole of the lucus appears an ideal orchard She is a graceful rider in a becoming black cloth costume, the skirt of white upon are to be doubt, with the front widths cut like an apron and her Jam o Shunt, r suits his runs than Trying head star suits for women Mrs Macmullen plan runs well, and it is full con science in her own powers he li the heroes and the commands in events at a blend of the cavalry n le and the quadrille Already the riders are sufficiently instructed to show that it will be a very effective and delightful innovation in the ballroom Although one lad) in particular (fillies down several times, she did it so well) that there was surely an nter ruption to the movement and all are defend ant that in the r mint or part not nor stage fright shall cause n p IW o on the creation! night another hill) in a holland costume, turning sharp!) too near the wall, was unseated, but a mounted so quickly that not) an expert cyclist could detect that the movement nan departed the rehearsal. As the instructor calls the figures, " had a right turn, gentlemen left turn-iliaiu-ladies to the centre, and so on, it does, perhaps, suggest in the slightest degree the modest siiliiirban 'me only he says " Gentlemen," not " Cheers." One of the figure of her It., is called Flirtation, and is close to the appropriate music of "1 In-Ma Miss Rosette" wants In this one might reasonably) have expected the realisation of that highly coloured poster designed to coax the hesitating spinster to the fascinating I had I, died in which a single decent youth in knickers whispers flattering words in the well developed ear of a sim- pering cyclists. Nolhingoiihekmil, however. It is decorous to the degree of cold night terence, and, left by a gallant officer in a brown suit and! that pained expression known as "the lad j. es' in,' disarms man instant every matron) and, 'the tutor at intervals relieves the ministers of the re hearsal by exhibitions of trick riding.', in which he barbeque' s the fads of the dignified ruler with high handle bar. knees lunn trout and then turned in, in the wild and whirling waist tliPimcoiiijiromiHiugscorc'lipr, Those hostesses who are anxious to introduce the idea in their next ball press ninnis and a hat a splendid draw a few numbers of the kind! would be for a charity ball should be warned (that perfection is only achieved with endless practice. This one reheat iii! lasted over three hours, and was so frequently repeated that the cyclones on Mrs Keating's bicycle must, since the beginning of the fortnight's eminence, have registered over a century. body Crosse) and the Hon. Mrs. Freeman Thomas, in their way home from tins J unable Chair at the Town Hall, looked in for a few moments to no e progress, and the prices lency The ROOM not wish to tune began at the rehearsal had not one of his many) engagements detained him t Isewhcic Lord Brassey will take part in the first display, but 'Lady Brassey will wait for the annual dance. At the end of the rehearsal nil the Indus looked greatly fatigued, and one of them-a grill ))hi)er-more tired than after a long day on the links in a champion match, Afternoon tea was served at I o'clock. One apprehension alone remains. Will Herr Clerk, who has for MI many) generations better time to the dum are dancing in time," consent to remodel his methods, to swear the Classical for the modern of moderns, denounce the treaty and to come near the iiueuuiiitlu milich, and " turkey music" at the binding of a suede. 