fegg=g=gg=ge ' v., -m INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. I [From Melbourne Papers,] I VICTORIA. Ballarat, February 11. Mr. James Woolcott, father of Mr. J. D. Woolcott, chairman of the Ballarat Stock Exchange, died to-day, aged 82, after a brief illness. The third meeting of the Exohange was adjourned this afternoon out <lf respect to his memory. Bkndico, February 10. The new Law Court buildings, situated next to the Poat and Telegraph Oflicea in Pall Mall, were formally oponed this morn- ing. Bricht, February. 11. Tho Bright to Twanga road, for which a loan of £3,000 was floated in October, is now almost finished, aud u great demon- stration at'tho opening ceremony, on Muroh l8, has boen decidod on. Tho Shire Council has issued invitations to tho Governor, Lady Brassey, the. Ministers and members of Parliament to attend* Agitation is now being commenced for a continuation of the road to Glen Wills, to open up a largo tract of auriferous and agricultural country. CRANBOURN, February 10. About half-past 2 this morning a heavy report was heard which shook the buildings, and was followed by rumblings and an earth vibration, continuing some 20 seconds. The shock was most pronounced, the first sensa- tion being like the report of a big gun, fol- lowed by an earth tremor, dying away in a north-westerly direction. Gkklonh, February 10. ThiB afternoon tho half-yearly meeting of the Geeloog'Gaa Co. waa held. Tho state- ment of accounts showed a credit balunco to profit and loss of £2,974, including £301 brought forward from last half- year. A dividend of 5s. per eharo was declared. This will absorb £2,500, and lcavo a balance of £474 to bo carried forward to the next ^ half-year. Mornington, February 10. Residents of Mornington were surprised yesterday morning to find the Suuhoam ' riding quietly at anchor off tho jetty, Lord and Lady Brassey and party having arrived here on Saturday nicht, During tho after- noon Lord Brassey on his tricycle, Lady Brassey and tho rest of the party on bicyolee, rode through the district, visiting Sir John Maddon, at Frankston, and after- wards dining at Mount Martha, from whence they returned to the Sunbeam in tho evening. His Excellency kindly throw open tho Sunbeam for inspection during the afternoon, many of tho lecal residents and others visiting her. Numurkah, February 11. At Marungi, 12 miles from Numurkah, Where a village settlement waa formed a faw years ago, a dozen families have boen relying onja council dam for their water supplies, The dam is quite dry, and the nearest water is three miles distant, but as tho Bottlers halve in most cases neither horse, dray ni r tank water, they are in great distress and woefully short of supplies. Women whose hnalands are working in distant places uro especially in straits. Farmers curling water .ure frequently importuned by water famish- ing -.women and children, on passing the settlement, to spare them cann of water. There ia a une stream in the Tungamah trust district, four miles away, whence by means of a plough furrow, a supply could bo deverted to the Marunga dam, but the water is beyond tho control of the local tenet. -William Little, late manager of the Numurkah Roller Mill Co.'s business in this town, was to-day brought before the local court of petty sessions charged with having stolen l,2Sß bags of whoat, valued at £77S, the property of Churlos Irvine,'James Gunn, John Gunn, and Graham, Bros. Accused applied {or a remand for one week, which was granted. Bail wa allowed in two sureties of £500 each and accused in bia own .recognisance of £1,000. RooiiiSTER, Februaiy 10. For several evenings an apparition lins been observed flitting about at the back of the railway station. Residents of a nervous disposition havo been greatly exercised ia their minda. Tho "spook" is described by those who have seen it at close quarters &a; resembling a tall woman in black, wiio ap. S roaches wayfarers as though about to ad rces them, then, without a moment's warning, diverges in an opposite direction an apparition in whito. The police inclino to thu belief that the "ghost," who is ex- ceedingly Ueotof foot, is the author of many acts of pilfering that have been reported to them lately, and is a mun in woman's cloth- ing. A tragedy was nirrowly averted last night, and moro by chance than otherwise, for tho apparition was once moro abroad, and being observed by Mr. T. Moore, a respectable resident of the locality, ho pro Cured a gun and took a pot shot at tin in- truder, but, as far aa can bo learned, with- out, serious effect. Trentham, February 10. The two young mau, James Pascoe and Alexander McDonald, who were arrested hist night on euspioion of having caused the fire which destroyed tho Wesleyan Church at Garlick's yesterday morning, wera brought before the local Court this morning, and remanded for u week on tho application of the police. The men havo not long boen residents of Garlick's. Warrnambool, February 10. Mr«. James MoLeod was struck by light- ning to-day at Cudgee. Mr. McLood, who is an architect, accompanied by his wife, drove in a hooded buggy from vVarr narribool to Cudgee to inspect a building, and while engaged with the contractors he left his wife in tho buggy hold- ing the reins. Suddenly tbcro was a flash of lightning. Mr. McLeod returned to the buggy to find that tho horse lind not moved, but Mrs. McLood was partially un- conscious, and a fur cap which she had been wearing was lying some distance away. A 'long bonnet pin, which had boen employed to fasten tho cap, was still in it, but bent doublr. The lady's hair was not acorchod, nor was there any apparent external injury, but when she regained consciousness she complained of a scoldine sensation at tho back of her neck and stiffness in her facial tnusolcs. She states that sha neither saw the lightnipg nor heard the thunder? Wangaratta, February 10. Mr. George Kedson, farmer, of South Wangaratta, while walking in his garden at 9 o'olock on Saturday night was bitten on tho ankle by a Bnako, which ho evidently trod upon. A ligature was at once bound round the leg, and a neighbour drove tho injured man into Wangaratta, whore Dr. Cullinan commooced to treat him with itryohnino 40 minutes after the bite. " Great difficulty was experienced in kcepinc the patient awake, and ho suffeicd excruciating pain. He commenced to recover in about six hours, and ia now out of danger, though bia leg is yet numb. Mr. John Day, o,ne of the five pioneers of Coolgardie, died in the local hospital on Sun- day. Seven years ago he went to Weat Aus- ' tralla from South Africa, in company with ?Mr. Bayley, and after opening up a good claim at Southern Cross went further inland on a prospecting tour with Bayley and three others. They camped near the present sito of Coolgardie and divided into prospecting parties. Bayjey'a oompany discovered the lamons Bayley's Reward claim, and two days later was joined by Day and his com S »nions. Mr. Day disposed of his interest i the claim for £1,000. 