GHOST LORE. The immense number of ghosts to be found here arises partly from everyone having four separate souls; three of these souls expire with life, and only one survives after death, and it is not gener ally held that this survives in a state of immortality; but when it does survive, it is a great nuisance and a considerable expense to its living relations, more par ticularly when it is the soul of the father of a family, for then it is a perfect curse to its many widows, and "a very danger ous water-fowl” to their suitor^. The other three strictly mortal souls are mainly a cause of apprehension and alarm to their individual owner, but a source of general trouble and expense as well. The study of the ramifications of spiritual beings is about as complex as that of the genealogy of the Emperor of China, and although not so dull, is far more dangerous; and, as I feel a convic tion tiiis study will lead me to an un known tomb before my book on Fetish, in seventeen volumes, folio size, written mostly in cuneiform or early Welsh—for Latin every young lady knows nowadays —can come out, I will give you a few rough notes on ghosts properly so-called. There is great trouble in correcting and classifying the spirit fauna of West Af rica, owing to your having to hunt the specimens through the labyrinths of the Ethiopian, with t'ntck-fog-overhung mind, as a German would say. For some time I thought four families would do, each containing, of course, many genera and varieties, not to mention individual freaks, but nosy I have been obliged to enlarge the number of families to nine. T will here only refer to the spirits of human origin, and we will first take the [ conduct of the souls of the living, and classify them. 1. The soul that survives. 2\. The bush soul. 3. The dream soul. 1. The shadow on the path. 1\. We will leave this soul out of the affair at present, merely remarking that It does not leave the body during life, but it soon withers if its companion souls are taken away from it. 2. The bush soul.—This is, I think, confined to ne groes, and not possessed by Bantu. This soul is always in the form of an animal, never in that of a plant, and It is a wild animal in the forest. If a man sickens it is because his bush soul is angry at being neglected, and a witch doctor is called in. who diagnoses the case, and advises the administration of some kind of sedative, in the shape of an offering, to his bush soul. When you walk in the Calabar forests you will see little dwarf huts witii these offerings I under them. These offerings are put in the place in the forest where your bush soul was last seen. Unfortunately the witch doctor has to be called in to deter mine the spot (which is expensive, for there is no free medical black advice in 1 Africa), because you cannot sec your own bush soul unless you are an “Ebum tup,” which is a rare occurrence. If his offer ing acts well on the bush soul you get better, but occasionally the bush soul 1 gives great trouble. This arises from the bush soul not knowing that, by expos ing itself to danger recklessly, it injures itself, as if you die it dies. A man may be a quiet and respectable citizen, de voted to caution in his diet, etc., and de voted to a whole skin, yet that same man may have a sadly flighty, disreputable bush sou!, which from its recklessness gets itself injured or killed, and causes you sickness or death. From this notion regarding the soul arises a good deal of tile respect in which old people were held among the Calabar tribes; for, however wicked their record may have been, their longevity demonstrates the possession of a powerful bush soul whom it would be unwise to offend. When the man dies the animal of the soul “can no longer find a good place,” and goes mad, rushing wild ly to and fro; if it sees a flre.it rushes into it; if it sees a lot of people, it rushes into them, until it gets itself killed, and when it is killed — ‘finish,” as M. Pichault would say The ghosts of what we Europeans call inanimate things also cause inconveni ence, and. like most t hings, living or dead, in West Africa, they cause delay. I and my black companions had once to sit down and wait two and a half hours at a place on a fairly open forest path, because across it, in front of us, about that time in the afternoon, the ghost of a spear (lew, and a touch from it was necessarily fatal. And there is a spring I know of, in the Kacongo district, where, when you go to fill your pitcher, you see a very handsome pitcher stand ing ready fdled. Many a lady, seeing no one about to whom the pitcher belongs, has picked this up and left her own; but as soon as she has got it within sight of the village it crumbles into earth, and the water is spilt on the ground. On returning for her own discarded one, that is always found broken. Then there are that very varied and widely diffused set of phenomena connected with living people sending one of their souls into some animal, such as crocodile or leopard, to work vengeance on ene mies; but this comes under the head of witchcraft, so I will conclude by giving you the description of a peculiar haunt, interesting chiefly to me because I heard of it occurring to two people, one a Ne gro lady, one a Bantu. I give you the Bantu version.because I heard the details of it in full, Immedi ately after its oeurrence. She had been down river to the factory, on trade busi ness, and returned home after dark to her house, well satisfied with the results of a day’s haggling with the trader. There was a miserably small fire burn ing in the cook-house, by which her slave girls were trying to cook her evening meal. She blew them up for not having a larger fire, and they said the wood -was wet and would not burn. She said they lied, and she would see to them later on, and went into her living room, treading, on the way there, in some wet on the ground. “Those good for-nothing hussies of girls have been spilling some water,” she thought, and when she got Into her room she found the hanging palm-oil lamp was not alight; she sat down on her wood bed, and found there was a lot of nastiness there. This was not to be stood ; so, dismissing from her mind the commer cial considerations with which it was full when she came home, she rose up, and went to the door and called for “Ingi mina” and others In a state of high rage. She is a notable housewife, and keeps her house exceedingly neat and clean, and her slaves in good order: so these young ladies came "one time,” and cuf-, flng their heads, she asked them how they dared forget to light her lamp; they swore they had lit it, but it must have gone out like all the other lamps had. after burning down and splutter ing. They had been sitting round the fire, and not bothering about it till she came in. So she whacked and pulled the ears of all she could—she is not very ac tive, weighing, I fancy, some sixteen stone—and then she w’ent to her room and got out her beautiful English paraf fin lamp, bringing it out to the sizzling fire to light it with a bit of burning stick, which, when she lifted it up, she found coated with the damp, sticky stuff she had got into before,and it smelt of the same faint smell she had noticed as oppressive when she entered her yard. As soon as the lamp was alight she saw what it was, i.e., blood. Blood was everywhere, the rest of the fire sticks were covered with it; it sizzled at the lighted ends. There were pools of it on the clean, sandy yard; her own room was reaking—the bed, the floor and the stools. It ran and hung in coagu lated gouts down the door posts, and lay on the lintel. She herself was smeared with it, having come in contact with it in the dark. She picked a plate up off tiie shelf, and its impression was there on the shelf in a rim of the blood. She looked in her skillet—more there. The palm-oil in the lamps had got a film of it floating on top of the oil, and investi gation of the whole of the rest of the house demonstrated that things were similarly afflicted throughout. The slave girls were utterly scared when the light showed with what they had been surrounded. Their mistress called in some influential friends and relations ; they could make nothing out of it, but they said they thought something must be going to happen, and suggested, in the kind, help ful, cheerful way friends and relations have in such matters, that they should fancy it was a prophecy that she was going to die without shedding blood,and that this was the blood come before. This view irritated her, as she is an un commonly commonscnse woman, so she sent them about their business, and star ted the slaves house-cleaning. The blood, she said, cleaned up ail right, but re-appeared as soon as you left off. She cleaned on, however, until about 10 a.m., | “before noontime,” when it gradually faded off, but the smell remained about the house for days.—“Cornhill." 