MRS. TREGASKISS. A NOVEL OF ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued.) "I'll tie my veil round my face,' said Clare; and Gladys gave way, remarking that sbe supposed snakes were as likely to be inside as out. They found a hollow on the waterfall platform, sheltered on two sides, and with a rocky floor. Gladys spi c.iu tlib ulaulvv., i.iiu "v"1' armful of leaves and grass. Clare sat down; sho would not lie, saying she was not sleepy. "Neither am I. And I've got something to tell you. I want you to know that I am very happy." "I knew that already, Gladys." "Oh, you. couldn't help knowing. It's In my very self, and comes out at the pores of my skin." "And from your eyes, and In your laugh and in the tone of your voice — since yoster- day," said Clare. "Ah, I only knew for. certain last night. I don't deserve It. I've been so bad; I'm not worthy of him. But that's the beauty of love, Clare. It— It's llko-.the salvation, through Christ. Nothing matters— not' even badness, for love washes It all away. Oh, my dear, nothing matters hut love, and money Is of no account whatever." "You'll lose your money. Oh, no — I quite agree with, you, that is not of the least consequence — If the love lasts." "It will last; It has lasted without a shadow of a change — in me anyhow — since the first moment I saw him. And I was married then, and I suppose It was wicked of mo to care for him. "Well, I couldn't help It. And through all that time of misery and humiliation and loneliness I knew that my only hope lay there. That was why I came out. I meant to make blm marry me." "And you have succeeded?'' "Not quite yet but he won't break his word now that- he has given It. I had to. make him ask me. He fought hard against It. It was all' my wretched money and his pride, and to-night we fought a battle to tho death over It, and I killed Ms pride, and he bad to acknowledge himself -con quered." Clare pressed her friend's hand, but made no response. Gladys knew wby she could not speak, and went on. "Of course, we shall he dreadfuly poor, but I ehal get him home, and the things will come right with his father. And; I shall wait and save — I don't mind cheating Mr. Hllditch's heirs that way.' And' I've got a balance of nearly £2000, and we shall manage somehow — and I mustn't buy any more lace. Clare, darling, I want to thank you — to thank you with all my 'heart for having me here, and giving me tho chance of getting near him, and of finding out that ho did love me after all.". - — The women kissed each other. "Clare," whispered Gladys. ' "Oh, my. poor dear, I'm so sorry for. you." "There's no need." "Yes, there is. Do you think I don't know? You and I have been bound by the same chain; we're suffered in the same way, and we both know the hldeousness of It. Clare, there's nothing in the whole universe so good as love, and there's no thing In the world so Immoral as living with a man you can't care for, when you Tlove' another man. Listen; if you were going away with Dr. Geneste to-morrow, if it wasn't for the children, I'd say you were doing right!" "And the children?" Clare spoke as quietly as . though the affair concerned an other person; only tho twitch In her vtjlce betrayed her emotion. Sho admitted noth ing. Gladys knew that she would not ac knowledge her Intention, hut none the less was Gladys sure of It. "The children make tho wronff- Oh, It would be a crime — a cruelty — to leave them. Clare — you are not meaning that?" ciare made no reply. "Think," pleaded Gladys. "He would marry again. Think of poor little Nlng and the baby! And a stepmother — or worse." Clare shuddered, hut still said nothing. "Clare," cried Gladys, desperately,. "You won't speak; you will tell me nothing. You are stone' outside, but do you think I don't know that you are suffering tortures?" "I am — suffering tortures. I want to end them." "Oh, how can you fancy that you will end them by running away? The children will haunt you to your life's end." Still silence. Gladys went on. "Take them., with you. Go, and live your own life; you are justified — if you go alone. But, oh, wait for .that other love-llfe. Walt anyhow a few 'months — a few years. You don't know what may happen. Something, perhaps, which would put you in the right, and give you freedom. Don't put yourself In the wrong first. Go away if you like, but alone with the children." - "You forget that I have no money to live an independent life with." "What does that matter? I havo enough to help you." "You forget, too," said Clare, slowly, "that they are my husband's children, and that I have not the right to take them away from him." Gladys made an impatient gesture. "He would not dare to go to law." "I can't enter into that. I suppose there's such a thing as moral right, and bad as I may be in some ways, I feel the justice of that. He loves Ning better that I do. What is natural Instinct with him has only been duty with me. Gladys," she added, "don't let us speak of that any more. You are a good woman and a true friend, and I thank you with my whole heart. But you can't judge for me. I must choose my own path, and go where it leads me." She got up as she spoke from her lean ing posture;' it was a sign of dismissal. Gladys was not, perhaps, altogether sorry that for the time she must close the dis cussion. Clare had shut herself up in a chamber of roserve to which she could not penetrate. Gladys knew that Claro must be meditating some decisive step — guessed indeed what the step was, but had no idea that it was likely to be put Immediately Into execution. She could not run away with Dr. Geneste that night, at any rate, and Gladys was herself so physically weary as well as so utterly happy lu tile glow of her new understanding with Blanchard that she longed for rest, and for the silent watches In- which she might assure herself of the reality of her joy. "I see that you are tired out," said Mrs. Trogasklss. "Go and sleep." "I shall not sleep, hut of course I am tired. You must be tired, too, Clare. Won't you coma and lie down beside Nlng?" "No, I am better here." "Are you going to stay here all night?" "Perhaps. But the morning can't be so very far off." v "I don't like to leave you, Clare." "Why not? It is my mania to enjoy being alone. Don't trouble about me. Go and rejoice as I do, dear, too, in your happiness. Perhaps I shall be happy as well some day — or when I am dead, llko poor Mrs. Carmody. Sbe did her duty and minded her children. And what was the use of it all? Duty doesn't pay on the Lcura. Good night, Gladys." "Good night, Clare." They kissed agaljK Gladys was turning away, but Claro stop ped her for a moment. "I havo . never pretended to bo a good mother, and you must take that Into ac count. But I have done my best, and I have always been drendfully sorry for the poor little children. Oh, there's something horrible," she cried, "In their having to come into the world whether they choose or no — the fruit of a marriage that's not the sacramental marriage we used to talk of. in the old days. Oh, how different that would mako all! Do you remember, dear, how we used to say to each other that we'd choose the highest — or nothing? Instead of that we both chose the lowest. Now we havo found out our mistake; but you have been able to mend yours, and I haven't." - "You will— some day. You'll be happy, as I am, some day — able to be with him." "Perhaps. Yes, probably I shall he with him, some day. But that doesn't alter the fact that the poor little children wero brought wrongly Into tho world. They are children of sin and shame; worse off than . If— for when they've come through love, their mother must have a different feoling for them; and' that's Just the wrong in all. Well, I suppose God knows all about It. He should care for them and put the wrong right and raise friends for them better than their wicked mothers. Gladys. I just wanted to ask you to think of that when — whon you've got children of your own. I just wanted to say — If any thing should happen to me, and it ever comes In your way, you'll be kind, won't you, to my Nlng and baby?" CHAPTER XXXI.— THE PENALTY. Through tho hours Claro Trogasklss re mained half-lying, half-crouching in tho hollow beside the cave.. She had, in a mo- chanlcal fashion, prepared herself for the ; night, piling up against tho wall of rock the leaves and grass Gladys had brought, . thus making a sort of cushion, upon which sho reclined, her waterproof spread over it and the blanket covering her knees. Tlio mosquitoes, having scant sheltor of herbage just here, wero not so troublesome as down . -.on the grassy plateau, or perhaps sho did not feel them. Anyhow, sho untied the veil she has fastened round her head and face, and stayed during the night bareheaded and with wide eyes staring out over the deso late bush. The scene harmonised with her mood. It was her Impulse always when she was wretched or torn by rebellious longings to make for the wildest and loneliest spot she could find. To-night she was so physically exhausted, and so wrought up mentally, that 3be was barely conscious of material facts. Sho had a gruesome fancy of herself as one walking on the edge, of a precipice, the pledge to Geheste her foothold as it wore, the thought of her children and-of the life she was going to give up typified Id tho black, but which was always horribly pre sent. vacuum below, from which to -save herself she must keep away her eyes and her mind. Everything else was a confusion of sound and dim Images, except the light of Gene3to's camp and the thrilling con sciousness of that steel-like invisible chain binding their beings together. Sometimes NIng's solemn dark eyes would shine out of the gulf, and then she would wince and totter, and in terror draw herself together and turn her own eyes inward. Sometimes she would fancy that she heard NIng's voice In its quaint halt aboriginal utterance, rais ed in accents of pain and distress, and at such moments would havo difficulty in as suring herself that on the other side of the rocky wall Nlng lay soundly sleeping. _ It was not strange that uncanny fancies should have visited her, for the ghostly, scene and the night sounds were enough to make stout nerves creep. The hush was full of weird gurglings and rustlings, and a sense of mystery and of the illimitable seemed to breathe from among the desolate stretches, the anoon-made shadows, the straight bare stems of the gum trees, the dark clumps of gldya and the grey up heaved boulders. The 'hop-hop" of walla bies came from among the fallen timber in the gorge behind her; there was the shrill chirrup of the tree frog, and there were throaty noises from nameless reptiles mak ing for the pool below the cave. Here soma white barked, crooked trees bent like ghosts over the water, upon whose Inky blackness the moon cast a feeble ray, giving a new touch of dread to the scene. She could hear the heavy flapping of flying foxes' wings, arid from tho 6crub came the dismal howl ing of dingoes, and, nearer, the curlews' wall. That sound which for a second she fancied to he NIng's voico calling "Mum my 1" was from a native bear, which has a cry like a child. Tho moon went slowly- down, and by and bye she must have slept a little, for she awoke to see that faint greyness on the edge of the sky which heralds dawn, aud to hear the mopoke giv ing its early note and the long, derisive ! chuckle of the laughing jackass. She watched the day break, heard the rousing of the black boys when they went' after the horses, and then, stiff and aching, got up and stole round to the entrance of the tent. She fancied they' might think It strange that she should have been out all night, and thought that she would lie down and mako a pretence of having slept like the rest. But the unconquerable dread she had of meeting NIng's eyes and hearing the child's prattle held her back, and instead she went down tho rocks and- to a lonely, pool, an outlet of the larger .pool, where she washed and' .did her- hair and got rid of somo of the traces of her vigil. " The sua was quite up by the time she had finished, and she was mounting the rocks again When sho heard a call from the cave, "Nlng! Nlng!"; and then her own name in Gladys's voice, "Clare!" ' She quickened her steps. Gladys met her before she reached the cave. The tar paulin was drawn back, and Helen Cusack and her sisters stood before the entrance, Clare, In her dazed way, noticed that thejj. looked alarmed. . "Have you got Ning with you? Gladys asked. She spoke sharply, and her eyes . had a frightened expression. ' "Nlng!" cried Mrs. Trogaskis3 startled. ' "No; I have not seen her. Is she not in the cave?" "We can't find her," answered Gladys. "I thought you might have come in when we were asleep and taken her out." "Sho is in bed." said Clare, turning white with an undefined fear. "I don't believe she has been in bed all night," cried Gladys. "The blanket looka as if it had never been disturbed. There was a roll of waterproofs and things on it and that made me think she was there. It was so dark in the cave, and I never looked closely." The Cusack children joined in. They had been so tired that they had tumbled! Into bed without thinking of Nlng. Misa Lawford spoke of the child having begged her father to look for Gerda's witch with her, and of how he had sent her back to bed. Not one of them had seen Ning since then. There were no traces of her in the cave; the obvious inference was that she had never been back. As she listened, blackness came over Clare — tho blackness of the inn at Cedar Hill, when she had wakened to the sight of Geneste. She tottered against the rock, and her blood seemed to rush away from her body. In a few seconds the blackness passed, and her heart beat quickly, aud a tingling came Into her limbs as the blood flowed again. Gladys was support ing her, and Helen was at her other side. By a kind of divination she knew that some awful thing had occurred, and that she had called down a doom upon her child. Gladys and Helen heard her say in a ter rible sort of Inward whisper, bas punished me. He has killed Ning'. "Oh, Mrs. Tregaskiss. don't be frigh tened; it's sure to be all right; and 1 ex pect she is just playing round," said Helen; "or perhaps she has gone to one of the other camps. I'll run and see." Helen flew to the nearest camps, where Tregaskiss, just risen from his blankets, was rating a black hoy for having let one of the horses stray. Shand, the Gulf man, and "Martin Cusack were kindling a fire and making preparations for the baking of Johnnv cakes, while Geneste and Blau- chardwero filling the billies with water. "Ning! My good God! She's gone, and straying has lost herself!" cried Tregas- liiss, horror stricken, when Helen told hint how the child was missing. "I sont her hack to bed when we went shooting last night. 1 haven't seen her since." It was the same story with all. No one had beheld Ning since she had called after her father, and he had told her It was time for piccaninny to be asleep. Every body who had thought about her at nil had supposed that she had put hersejf to bed as was her habit at borne. Those who had thought of her upon going into the cave, seeing In the dim moonlight the bundle upon her blankets In the recess, had imagined it to be Ning herself colled up in profound slumber. Besides, they had of course expected that her mother would be beside her. When Tregaskiss learned that Clare had not slept In tho cave his mad anger knew no bounds. Ho uttered words which were not pleasant for bystanders to hear. Meanwhile the gorge rang with "Coo-ees" and calls of "Ning! Nlng!" Miss Lawford, glad to escape from the scene between Tregaskiss and his wife, rushed with the Cusack girls peering into Impossible crannies. Helen and Martin searched more systematically round the plateau. Clare herself was like one upon whom a doom ha3 fallen, and who knows there Is no use .In resistance. She bore her husband's reproaches with perfect quietness, not stirring a muscle, still and stony, as though the nerves of hearing sensation had been paralysed. "Have, you no feeling at all, that you stand there like a marble statue?" roared Tregaskiss, , who had completely lost his head. "By God, if anything has happened to the piccaninny through your neglect, I'll never speak to you or look on your face again. As for me, I'd as soon he dead and done for as Iobg the piccaninny." Geneste and Blauchard stepped up to him. Ambrose spoke first. "Look here, Mr. Tregaskiss, It Isn't so bad as all that, and this Isn't the way to take it. Mrs. Tregaskiss is 'no more to blame than you or I, or any of us. The child will bo found again all right, you may be certain. She has Just strayed and lost herself, and we've got to lose no time In looking for her. Let's settle at once what to do." "We bad better divide Into search par ties," said Geneste. "Each oue take a black hoy, except perhaps myself and Mar tin Cusack. He's a good tracker, and I'm used to It." "I'll hack Geneste to track a skitter ac ross running water," cried tho Gulf man. Tregaskiss bestirred himself with feverish activity. Geneste took command, and pre sently the horses wero saddled, aud the . search parties started, Tregaskiss fore most. Soon every human being of that pleasure expedition was scouring range, gullies, flats, aud lake shore for little Nlng. (To be continued.) 