Children's Odd Replies. YOUNGSTERS appear to mix up their his tory a good deal, and occasionally make odd blunders about physical geography. A young hopeful said that the surface of the earth consists of land and water. ' What then,' asked the teacher, " do land and water make ?'. ' Mud,' was the in stant rejoinder. A volcano has been des cribed as . a large mountain with a hole at the top and a fireplace at the bottom,' and a 'bar is a piece of iron accross a river mouth ; it prevents navigation and has to be cut through with a steam edge.' , It was a boy who made this last remark, but girls can be just as funny as boys. The members of a girls' class were asked a few questions. One was questioned as tojwhat was meant by 'bearing false Witness against your neighbour ?' ? * It was,' said she,4 when nobody did nothing and some body went and told it.' Another was asked How beeftea was made, and she re plied, ' Buy a tin of beef extract and fol low the directions on the lid.' ' What are warmth-producing foods ?' a third girl was asked. The reply was, ' Cayenne pepper and Jamaica ginger.' An old'gentleman asked his nephew on his twelfth birthday how helikedgoing to school. ' I like goipg well Enough,' was the boy's doubtless perfectly truthful re ply, * but I' don't at all like staying; when I get there.' ' ' What would hkve happened if Henry IV of France had not been murdered ?' asked a teacher of a sharp-looking boy. The prompt reply was, » He WPttld prob ably haVe died a , natural 'death.' In a Sunday-school, 'What did tiie Israelites do when they came out of the Red Sea ?' drew forth the answer, «They dried them selves." * Where was. Bishop Latimer burned to death r ^as in^imedkteiy an swered, ' In the fire.'. A boy was .asked the difference bfet wfeen fk f6rt ahld^L' foiirefi&y1; clfeffaed them< A fort .is'a ,pkce J:p ,put men in, and afortress is a place to put woixien in.' Ori being asked what the chief end of nlan wig, aiidtheir by, tritftout; 'att£! hesitation, said,* The ehid'what's The J^owing f culled from'recent examinationi.papers,- .; Ekau ..was . a man w^o' wrote fable?, ^nd whp soldithe copy wright to a; publisher for1 a bottle off potash. Titus: /was a Romkn' Eiilpferbt,'sup|>6stea to bAVe writ te*' the «Bpjstte, d£ tuk His other name was Oates. ifp was ptifc' into prison ' for his interference in Ire land. . Wh'en he was in prison )ie wrote ^ ^|l^iiin;S Prdgrebs^' awi,married a ladyiriamed Mrs. O'Shea. VVolsey. was a famous general who fought in the Crimean war, and who, after being decapitated several times, said to Croriiwell, ' Ah, if I had only Served you as you have served me, I would hot have been deserted in my old age.' Wesley* was the founder of the Wesleyan chapel, who was afterwards called/Lord Wellington. A monement was erected to kim in, Hyde Park, but it has been taken down lately. Hamlet was weak-minded. Fond of study. But was too weak to fulfil his study, which the ghost had told him. He was very good to his mother. He pro fanes madness.; he really puts it on, but some people say he was mad. One da> when he. was fighting, the king asked him if he would have something to drink, and he put poison in it, and Hamlet said he would wait ; the queen took it and then she fall down dead. Hamlet, im mediately stabs his father and drinks the poison and dies. A young girl, asked what should be done , in the event of her dres^ catching fire, replied) ' Borrow your friend's cloak.' 