JOURNALISM IN THE SIXTIES. In an article on " London Pen and Gown in the Sixties and since," contributed to the " Fortnightly Review," Mr. T. HT. S. Escott refers to the "Tomahawk." " Mr. Arthur I Beckett's inventive mind," hp says, " found fresh scope for employment in launching an entirely new literary enter prise, the "Tomahawk." Just now this journal deserves special mention, becatise, in a degree not second to the " Owl,' is foreshadowed a species of newspaper which of late years has been cultivated with marked success among us. Eliminate the ,urely aesthetic clement, then a thing un dreamed of, from Mr. Harry Furniss'a newest venture, and a fair idea may be frimed to-day of what the " Tonma hawk " wans. The sensation pro duced by it, during its brief career was due mainly or exclusively to the continued labours of Mr. i Beeckett with his pen, and of the late marvellously clever draughtsman, Matt Morgan, with his ipencil. The initial issue took place shortly after the miscarriage of the Mexican ex.' pcditlion, dealing, as it did, a fatal blow'4o the prestige of the eecond French Empire. ' Thou canst not say I did it,' was the legend under the cartoon in the first number-the picture representing the ghost. of the murdered Maximilian: the words proceedintr from the lips of the horror stricken Nat.oleon the Little. Nor was thr leading illustration in the second instal ment of this print less powerful, the subject being the return from the D)erby. in a coach which swas driven by Apollyon. The prenmture end of the Mlarqruis of Hastings lent just then a splcial significance to the artist's work, and the few pungent lines of Arthur a t?eckett'er letterpress accompanyin it. Ao ciated nith Arthur a Iteckett in the " Tomahawk " was the late Frauk Mar shall, who seemed to have i ducated himself on the dramatists of the Itestor.tion, with literary results sosnetimles impressive, at others purely droll. Thestail also included the present mcember for Kinig's Lynn, Mc.' T. G. Bowles, who sublseptently in his own " Vanity Fair" developlle some of the ideas in which the "Tomahla:wk" :aboundeld ; Captain Alfred Thompsalon, mex-dragoon andt artist, who some years atterwards in the " Mask" anticiltated unconsciously mseluce of the pecuhlar kind of literary or artistic wit and humour Ilresented to the publiq now. This literary child of the 't-'?oaun hawk," as the " Mask " was, s5iGlisedl for the first time the pervading "fopularity of the theatre, and, outside ttl journals o0 the 'profession,' was t!he~earlicst prilt that made it a point to encourage and to suplly the histrionic appetite of the general pub lie. What were then the distinctive features of Alfred Thompson s journsta-ro to-day recognised as indipensablo in all newspaper candidates for popular favour. Judge : Your age ! Miss Elder: Thirty two. Judge (to cecretary): Put down born in 1832. %* " My daughter can never be yours." Willie Bright - Of course not; I want hel to be my wife, - ,.............. 