THE HAUNTED CHIMNEY. " If the signoriuo will take my »dvice, he will not sleep in this room." " And vvby should I uot sleep in this room, Antonio ? " The feilow shrugged bis shoulders, looked about him mysteriously, then, comiDg a step nearer, began in a low voice : " Because—" " What are you chatting about, you imbecile? " tbe landlord's voice broke in, as at this moment he appeared at tue door. Tho servant drew back, and though be held his tongue, change. the expression of bis face did not " The signor will doubtless wish to refresh himself with a good night's rest, after his long journey," the landlord remarked to me, in thf obsequious tone of his class ; then, turniiijt impatiently to the servant again, he continued, " And you stand here doing nothing, and by your idle gossip keep our ;;c-es.t from sleeping. "It is not I who will keep him from sb eoing," muttered Antonio, as be proceeded tc unfasten the t,traps of my portmanteau. " Baestn, enough I'" exclaimed his master, angrily ; then to me, in quite u. suave manner, " I wish you a gcod eight's repoi-e,'' adding inaincatiugky, " you will not have allowed your mind to be perturbed by this fedow's idle chatter ?" " Oil. no I" 1 an&wered; shortly. I w;is cross, and too sic py to hoed the uneasy manner of the l:.iidlerd, er the. timid, deprecating glances of the servant-. '« Good night-," I added, by way of a hint that I wished to be alone, " Good night, and may your repose be tranquil I" saying which, mine best bowed himself out oi' tho room. " Your servant, sir !" and Anton!') made an obeisance, then, par,sing close by me, as he hurried to the door, where his nia-s ! er a waited him with visible impatience he managed to whisper, " See that the. fire-board ii fastened tight, and keen your candie burning. 1 am at the end of the half!" ! I was a 'oifc otied by this mysterious advice, though to, proud to b. tray my sudden pei turbatioii by* dcmun-.ling an explanation then and there. At that time I was an asriring young art student, and had come to pans a few weehs in Vsnice, where, alone, of all the cO.ie.i ill body, dots the wonderful colouii-.g of tho skies entrance the painter's soul, and seem to defy hi.-. paiette. It- was not toy !ir.',fc vi:ol to (lie "Queen of the Adiii:t;c," nor to ties qnei r old li.n. It was a tumble down building, which eenturiei. before had been a pa'ace--as She dwellings of the Italian nobility tin; called; but the a-ica had come and gone, Mid the last scion of the race which had foimorly cktim.vi this aniens its numerous residences had long since passed aw»y. Owing to the fact that it was situated on a small canal at come distance from ti.e gi L 1 c i 1 d 1 n notice. 10 asc< nil to too apartments winch, at present constituted the ro; r-li v, one had to pass under the great armed doorway, through tho empty space beyond to the stairs, winch h;d up to the second floor. J!< so, wiw of the palatial rooms had been partitioned oif into small apartment:!. On the occasion of my present visit the house was full, and thus one of the large rooms, undisturbed by nim tenth century carpenter and mason, was assigned to me. It wa8 bare and lofty ; its two windows, several ieet from the the ground - reached by flight-, of three steps — looked out on the narrow strip of water below. At this hour they were haired by heavy wooden shutters, while faded hangings draped them, and gave a strange, almost weird aspect to the deep recesses above the little stone steps. Between the windows stood a nnublo console, over which himg an oblong- mirror in a tarnished gill frame. 011 one i.ide of tbe room was the high, narrow bed, with canopy and curtains like those at the windows; and at i's left was the priedieu; on therighf, the night table. Chairs weie placed 3'ifiiy against the wad, around tho room. At the farther cud of this vast ap.irtment,nnd facing the bed, wa.s tho huge fire-place, which looked black and fathomless as a cavern, by the :lim fight which the candle shed throughout Ihe room. Over this hung a strip of faded damask, like the other draperies in texture end .le-dgii ; it partially com calecl the fire-board, which had been removed from its accustomed place and placed on one side. I stood for a moment listening to the retreating footsteps, with a curiously uuea&y; feeling 3I'i Cj.iu^ over lii.j ;;s jiji-o.- t r.i.j- bltay iiiitj d was still. I took up the candle and pro- 0 .led to make a close survey of tho room. I : i d the various dooi's and windows, tiueitig :heni all securely lasicntd; opened the cumbersome wardrobe, and—Sot, me confess it— ictualiy looked under tbe bed. Finally, I stooped <ind gazed into tho sombre depths of the unc.iont fireplace, and as I did so, my light dickered. I went back to the table, and, potting down the candle, opened my portmanteau and began to take out the uecorshsu-y articles. 1 debated, 1 little whether or no to put out the light, a irague sense of uneasiness oppi easing ine which I was ashamed to acknowledge, even to myself, then—but I left it burning. I foil into an uneasy sleep, the result of fa<igue and a late, supper, perhaps. I was, lwakened suddenly by ilie sound of a heavy fall, followed by a death-like silence. I sat up in bed and looked round the room, wondering sleepily why n:y candle was still burning, anil was about to blow it out, when Antonio's mysterious advice c»me buck to nie Agaiu 1 fell asleep, for how long I cannot say, when once more I was aroused by the noise of a dull thud, ->i' !\ as tbe faking of a body would rrndce. Tint this time, instead of utter silence—which before iiiet first startled nie and then served to quiet my fears—a moan fell upon the air. I sprang from the bed, and, grasping the candlestick, in which the candle was fast burning in its socket, I started across tho room, to investigate, if possible, this strange sound. Five minutes later I was back in bed again, and, inclined to reproach my silly fears, I turned over, and soon fell into a mote restful slumber. It seems to me, as I ricali the happenings of that night, atter flic lapse of many y< ars that I could scarcely have closid my eyes when still again, 1 was aw'killed, this time by something robing down the chimney then falling heavily upon the marble hearth. The candle flickered, and before, I had time to recover myself, shot up one feeble tlarne anil went out. At that instant the distant bi lls of Sun Marco —at least, I fancied 'twas they—chimed the hour of three The. lovely summer dawn must bo breaking the cloudless Venetian skies ; but the barred casements kept out even a possible, ray of light. I feit round over the cold marble top of the little tabic at my bedside for the matches, aud just as I found one-a deep gio.ui fell upon my ear,and for a moment ray hand trembled so that 1 could not strike it. At length I had it lighted only to discover that the other candle was on the centre table. The little wax fight was burning quickly in my baud, and would barelylast to get me across the room. I stepped hastily to (he floor, and moved over to where the unliglited candle stood. Tho illumination which this fresh one gave WHS dim and wavering but holding it steady until I felt sure that it would not go out, I walked over to the fireplace, stopping suddenly short as I stood within a few feet of it. My hand shook so that I could scarcely bold the light, while, it seemed to me that the loud heating of my heart must drown every other sound. For a moment I could not get my breath there, as I fetched a long gasping sigh. I could feci tho cold perspiration running down my back. Just in front of the great chimney, with wide open (-.yes fastened upon me, lay a man's head, severed from he body, and with the blood flowing freshly from the neck. 1 pidh-d myself tegel tier, trying, as best 1 could, to take in the situation. Had a murder been committed then and there, and where was the body ? I stepped closer and closer, fascinated by the horror of the great, staring eyes, which seemed to draw roe on, when, suddenly,! found myself looking into e:<ipty space. The head had disappeared I I dropped on my knees, and still grasping the candlestick tightly crept up to the gaping mouth of the fireplace, some unknown but irresistible power forcing me on until I was on 1 he spot where, a moment before that ghastly nead had lain. I h aned forward to peei into the chimney, moving my candle a little, l o throw a stronger light upon the opening, when a gust extinguished it, and in the darkmss which followed the sib nee was broken only by a succession of low moans, which gra.'ur.lly died upon then air. The candlestick fell from my now nerveless hand, and I could hear it rolling away beyond my reach. I. opened my mouth to call, but not a sound issued from my parched throat. I mude a last superhuman effort to free myself from the horrible fear which was fast overpowering inc. Struggling to my feet, I managed tost .ggtr toward win re I believed the windows were, only to sick upon the stone step--, quaking with a new dread, as, even as 1 fcouci ed tho drapery which hung beside it, a ray of light, fell upon the. floor, and the figure o! a man dragging a headless body appeared before my tenor-stricken eyes. It must have be-on two hours later that] opened my eyes, to find lion-, r.t Antonio bonding ov( r me. 1'er a moment, the light pouring it truin the ;:-p.-n ensenu nt al.no:.;; blinded me, " idy God I What was it 1 ga-pad, as the good tellow, putting his arms about me, hail earned me lo the bed. tie did not r.-'p-ly, but moved quickly back tc the other window, romovid the bar, opece.] wide the. wcoiien shutieis, ..nd, picking up iron: the st.-p the oil lamp which he hail prubabl, had in his hand when iie entered the ioo;e, put it on the console, 'then, still silent, he v»ent toward the ti:enlace, and taking up the great tireboard put it into place, remarking lu.conioally as be did to ; " The i.;norino forgot to fasten in bo.tiai, it a pp. a i s. ' With the light of d«y pouring into the room, and tho sweet morning air gently moving the shadows on the wall, the horror of the night began to disappear, and I felt my strength returning. I watched Antonio and tried te think ; but my brain was not in working order, and the very effort made me db-:/.y. Antonio, tinning from the chimney, looked at me, tlici taking up my flask from the table, pouted S U M of its contents into a glass, and bringing it tc me said : " Drmk that. I will bring you your coffee in a few moments." " How did you get in ?" I asked him wher he n turned with the beverage. " The signormo asked me to cail him at dawn, as ho wished to btudy sunrise ctiects . so I came early to the door. 1 knew when ] received no answer to my knocks, that some thing had happened. It was not ddiie.ult tc force the old lock."' " Tell me, what was it It wa.s too real tc have been a nightmare. What was it, Antonio r" " The signorino docs not know ? And yet, it is an old story here. 'Twas the ghost of the murdered mun." " It was not a ghost at all !" I exclaimed "It was a head." " The same thing'." " Have you ever seen it ?" " God forbid !" And Antonio crossed himself. " I shall not pass another night in this bouse." " No ? And only last sta-h g, a jv.mtcr, one of your compati-iois, came lore lroin Home, and stayed in thin very room on i m p. so to see tho head. He went nui-y much disappointed, lor if never nppeared to him, though 1st; di.; hear it m the chimney." By this tone I was dressed, but v.v» det. i- mined to hear tha slo-y before J h-l's. it- bad begun to dawn upon me tint Antonio ei i not mean to tell if. " Come, Autoiau," I began, At this tuonii nt my gondolier appear, d «tt tlw o.o. r, " franc.','-co knows ifc better than I ; and besides," ssi.l Antonio, " we are not allowed to talk about it in this house/' I'TiUici-sen was ready enough to if pea!, ihe griic. oioe tab-, and with all tie - r .malic fervour of his race, wont ov< r it in delink It was toward the middle of the last, eci.lur, that Dako Cerolimo do Gcrolamei lived m tills, his ancestral home, with bis two sons aud his ward, the only child of his . c ter. i I: was inft tided th if the h- ir to tho psoud old name should marry tho fair young eon. ii , i.nd of com so the. wayward girl fell in love with the younger son, who returned her passion tenfold. But the gu-irdian and uucie laughed at, tins childish folly, aud calmly fixed the wedding mo, tho hatred of t ::rs grew. r was enraged ta: l he could not love of tho worn..n \ iio was to he his lie younger was furioi i and despairing because, through this accide: ; of birth which matte him the. voungi r son, he was denied possession of her who alone made life worth living. It w.'-s the eves of the wedding, which was destined never to be, that their last and fatal quarrel took place. It is told that Don Alessanoro s:d:l to the heir — " If I cannot have her, then you sh all not !" Iu Vrfin the lovely Bianca, drswn thither by I hoi i- loud words, tiled to stop thorn, v.-ccpimr ami protesting that she, lbe unhappy cause of tbi.ir discussion, would kill bei.iii if they -lid not erase, then and there, their strife, tier presence i nly added fuel to tbe ll-.me The men fought like tiger.-, .-'.ml when, at length, Alessitndro fell a', his brother's feet, the heir, now quite beside himself, and with the tbnst of blood upon him, drew his sword across the neck, severing tho head from the body. Only tin n, as a doe]) j;>:i>an fell upon the air, i:nd for tho last time the e*.es opened ami gazed steadily at him, did the. ;uurd(-r< r realise, perhaps, iiis crime. With I.be cunning of a iiadnian, be cba.'ged tho he-adfess trunk across the room, and with a supremo o'lort lifted the ghastly burden and threw ifc into the narrow canal which i'iowcd sdeut'y beneath tho windows. He star'id hack to dispose of the ht ad, too ; but as he stooped to take it. up, a low moan fob; upon his oar. Biauca lav as she haul t alien upon the hearih, and even as the young Gerolaino bent ovi r her prostrate form, breathed out her bfo in a long-drawn sigh. The head, which lie had dropped when aitra.ted by Blanca's moan, rolled into the lirephtie and disappeared. The heir ill; d soon niter in a niHilm-n's chains, and th eh It hi 1 Li tit dh r followed him ouiiklv to the crave. 1 hooibtaiit heirs bad J u'H d ,> 1 i tue p.duee ior a nominal sum. cncumiicred i 11 \ ' I i memory or a fearful cum; and tue bleeding head which haunted it at- ml rvaK " Women make a grear d< d ol tiv-mek . ' said Francesco, bv way of com it si on. '* Now. if itio bo..TIfitul T-i.- o.ica had not m (he mistake of falling lit ldve with too wroi." m SiH.li !" An expressive ( ui fm tali 1 ti L " It is said," he remarked, niter a p.. that only when the situil ot tho murd. re in can be found will his gnosi reuse to t ;!;• the occupants ot that, room. How find. " he added tssweiy, tho head must be. rothm: up and down the emmney ! Almost all hear it. iew see it. The signor paaitei was one oi th. se. Tho gondola '.as siooped past oonnsite ban Giorgio Wn c more, where the arns's were assembled even at, tins early hour, stmlvimi tho evet'-ch ingmg beauty ot the old church in tlie soft morning light. My pencil strayed over tho canvas ; but instead of the outline of the church it wa.s that of a man's hc'id, which, as the day wore on, grew into the likeness of the cue I had r-ccu the previous night, There is nothing more to say. The story of the haunted chamber is too wt II known to reed further proof from mo, while as to my personal experience with it, I cau add notion;;. I have related facts as they occurred. Sceptics may laugh at my stoiy, and bmt at nightmare and other consequences of a lite supper ; I know better, ('no thii g, remember, 1 did not hear tbe talc until the clay following my visit from the ghost. I have visited Venice many times since then ; but 1 have nev< r relumed to that old palace oil the little canal. 