THE WESTERN STAR BOWKETT BUILDING SOCIETY. ADJOURNED SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING. THE SOCIETY TO BE RECONSTRUCTED. An adjourned special meeting of the shareholders of the Western Starr-Bowkett Build- ing Society was held in the refreshment room, Town Hall buildings, Fremantle, on Friday evening. Mr. B. C. Wood, M.L.A., chairman of the board of directors, presided. The other directors, namely, Messrs. H. R. W. Waters, Jas. McKimmie, W. Headley, and W. J. Rourke, together with the secretary, Mr. T. Birrell-Gray, were also present. Between forty and fifty shareholders were present. At the meeting held on Friday, May 22nd, a motion was tabled, " That, as the shareholders under notice of withdrawal are unwilling to withdraw their notices of withdrawal, it be resolved that the society be put into liquidation." As this was a serious step, which required grave cenniiUfation, the chairman suggested that the meeting should be adjourned until a future date to give members an opportunity of looking the question of winding up the society full in the face. This was agreed to, and the following notice of action was tabled by Mr. W. J. Bourke-st all members who have given, or who are »_#,)/<«?»-1 notice of their intention to withdraw -w> J amounts standing to their credit in the banks of the society be paid out of the amounts received by the society from the repayment of mortgages only and not from any other source of income." At the adjourned meeting last night the Chairman, who fully explained the position of the society at the last meeting, [again addresed the shareholders. He urged them not to take a too narrow-minded view of the matter. He considered it would be a great shame if the society was allowed to go into liquidation. If there was the ghost of a chance of shareholders getting their money back, he would be able to see the reason of the motion for liquidation, but he could assure them that they would not got more than 10s. in the 2. After discussion, the proposer and seconder of the resolution for liquidating the society agreed to withdraw their motion. Mr. BOURKE then moved his proposition which was seconded by Mr. Love. Mr. MCKIMMIE said that if the resolution was adopted the society could go in for re- construction and a new society could be formed to take over the assets of the old society. If the members stuck together, the new society would have a most successful career. After discussion, Mr. Rourke's proposition, was put to the meeting and carried without opposition. The meeting then terminated. Attention is directed to Messrs. B. C. Wood and Co's advertisement of city lands to be offered for sale by public auction on Saturday night next; in addition to other valuable lots, the block of land situated at the corner of Hay and Havelock streets will be offered. 