A Terrible Secret ; OK, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHERON. \- u Bj MES MAY AGNES FLEMING- Author "A Wonian'B IJeid." A Wonderful Woman," "Wed. Tet No Wife. &C.;, &c;« CHAPTER XXXTTT. — (Continued.) On her husband's arm— her husband's! Edith walks down the aisle and out of the church. They enter the carriages, and are driven back to Powyss Place, i They sit down to breakfast. Every face looks hajjpy and bright, except the face that should look happiest and brightest of all. He seems to make a great effort j to be checrfuland at ease — it 1s a | failure. He tries to return thanks in a j speech — it is a greater failure still. An awkward silence and constraint creep over the party. What is the matter with Sir Victor? All eyes are fixed curi ously upon liim. Surely not repenting his mesalliance so speedily? It is a re lief to everybody when the dejeuner ends and the bride goes up stairs to change her dress. The young baronet has engaged a special train to take them into Wades. The new made Lacy Catheron changes her shining bridal robes for a charm ing travelling costume of palest grey, with a gossamer veil of the same shade. She looks as handsome in It as in the o tlier, and her cool calm is a marvel to all beholders. She shakes hands galiy 1 with their friends and guests; a smile is on her face as she takes her bride groom's arm and enters the waiting car riage. Old shoes In a shower are fiung after them, ladies wave their handker chiefs, gentlemen call "Good-bye." She leans forward and waves her grey- gloved hand in return, the cloudless smile on her beautiful face to the last. So they see her as not one of all who stand there will ever see her on earth again. The house, the wedding guesfe, are out of eight; the carriage rolls through the gates of Powyss Place. She falls back and looks out. They are flying along Chesholm High street, the tenantry shout lustily, the joy beils still clash forth. Now they are at the station; ten minutes more, and as fast steam can convey them Ihey are whirling towards Wales. And all this time bride and bridegroom have not exchanged a word. That curious fancy of Edith's has come back. Surely Sir Victor is afraid of her. How strangely he looks, how strangely he keeps aloof, how strangely he is dead silent, how fixedly he gazes out of the railway carriage window — anywhere but at her? Has his brain turned?" she won ders. Is Sir Victor going mad? She makes no attempt to rouse him; let him be silent if he will— she rather pre fers It, indeed. She sits and looks out of the opposite window at the flying land scape, 6teeped in the amber glitter of the October afternoon sun. As she looks, aimlessly enough, all of a sudden the prediction comes back to her — the Iroublesome, foolish, notto-be-forgotten ; prediction: "When the bridegroom si wid owed the day he is wed." Once it comes, alll efforts to banish it are futile. It keeps ding-donging all the way in her ears, as though invisible voices were speaking it. Ho>w will It be fulfilled, she wonders, with drowsy in difference. Is she to die before night? il b"CIIlo LAJ Jl"l JU31 UL CilC woudn't care much if 6he did. She looks acros at the m3n she has mar ried. Did ever mortal man on his wed ding-day wear such a stony face ais that? And yet he has married her for love — for leave alone. Was ever another brid al Journey performed like this, in pro found silence and gravty on both sides? she wonders, half-inclined to laugh. She looks down at her shining wedding-ring; it is a circlet that means nothing. How 5s her life to go on after this gruesome wedding-day? They reach Wales. The sun is'setting redly over mountains and sea. The car riage is awaiting them; she enters, and enters wearily, with closed eyes. She feels tired and depressed. She is begin ning to feel the want of last night's sleep, and in a weary way is glad when the Carnarvon cottage is reached. Sir Victor's man, my lady's maid, and two Welsh servants come forth to meet them, and on Sir Victor's arm she enters the house. She goes at once to her dressingroom to rest, to bathe her face, and remove her wraps, performing those duties herself, fcnd dismissing her maid. As lise and Sir Victor separate, he mutters some half- Incoherent words. He will take a walk and smoke a cigar before dinner while she is resting. He is gone while he says it, and ehe is alone. She removes her gloves, hat and jacket, bathes her face, and descends to the little cottage drawing-room. It Is quite deserted — sleepy silence everywhere reigns She throws herself Into an easy- chair beside the open window, and looks listlessly out. Ruby, and purple, and golden, the sun Is setting in a radiant sky — the yellowish sea creeps up on sil ver sands— old Carnarvon Castle gleams and glows In the rainbow like a fairy palace. It is unutterably beautiful, unutter- ably drowsy and dull. Ami while she thinks it her heavy eyelids- ."way and , fall, her head sinks back, and Edith j falls fast asleep. ! Past asleep ! and, a mile away. Sir Victor Catheron paces up and down a I strip of lawny sand, t:i" s -a lapping | softly at his "feet, the birds singing in I the branches, not a human roffl, far or j near. He Is not smoking that b .-fore- dinner cigar. He is striding up and | down, more like an escap-'-d Bedlamite tha nans-tiling else. His hat is drawn over hi seyes, his brows knit, his lips set tight, his hands clenched. Presently he pauses, ami looks, with eves full of some haggard, horrible despair, out over the red light on sea and sky, and as he looks he. falls down suddenly, as though some inspiration had seized him, upon his knees, and lifts his clasped hands to that radiant sky. A prayer that seems frenzied in Its agonised intensity hursts from his lips. The sleeping sea, the twittering birds, the rustling leaves, and He who lias made them alone are to hear. Then lie LcVlio JUl l\dIU Oil 111b lillc, dtJU litra like a stone. Is he mad? Surely no sane man ever acted, or looked, or spoke like this. He lies so .prostrate, motionless, for up wards of an hour, then slov.-lv and heav ily rises. His face is calmer now. It Is the face of a man who has fought some desperate fight, and gained some des perate victory— one of those victories more cruel than death. He turns and goes home, he uashes through the tall, dewy grass, his face set in a look of iron resolution. He is ghastlj- beyond all telling; dead, and in his coffin he will hardly look more deathlike. He reaches the cottage, and the first sight upon which his eyes rest is his bride peacefully asleep in the chair by the still open window. She looks lovely in her slumber, and peace ful as a little child — no very terrible sight, surely; but as his eyes fall upon her he recoils in sonic great horror, as a man may who has received a blind ing blow. "Asleep," his pale lips whisper; "asleep, as she was!" He stands spellbound for a moment, then he breaks away headlong. He makes hi sway to the dining-room — the table, all bright with damask, silver, crystal, and cut flowers, stands spread for dinner. He takes from his pocket a note-book and pencil, and. still stand ing. writes rapidly down one page. Without reading, he folds and seals the sheet, and slowly and with dragging steps returns to the room where Edith sleeps. On the threshold he lingers— lie seems afraid, afraid to approach; but he does approach at last, lies places the note he has written on a table — he draws nearer hi ssleeplng bride — he kneels down and kisses her hands, her dress, her hair. His haggard eyes burn on her face — their mesmeric light disturbs her. She murmurs and moves restlessly in lier sleep. In an instant lie is on his feet, in another he is out of the room and the house. In another the deepening twi light takes him and he is gone. A train an hour later passes through Carnarvon on its way to London. One passenger alone awaits it at th? village station — one passenger, who enters an empty first-class compartment, and dis appears. Then it goes shrieking on its way, bearing with it to London the bridegroom, Sir Victor Catheron. CHAPTER XXXIV.— THE DAY AFTER. The last red ray of the sunset had faded, the yellow moon shone serc-ucly over land and sea before Edith awake- awoke with a smile on her lips— from a dream of Charley. "Do go away, don't tease." She was murmuring, half-snillinglv, half-petulantly, the words she had spok en to hi ma hundred times. She was back in SamTypoint, he beside her, liv ing over the old days gone for ever. She awoke to see the tawnv moonshine streaming In, to hear the soft whisper of the night wind, the soft, sleepy lap of the sea on the sands, and to realise with a thrill and a shock she was Sir Victor Catheron's wife. His wife ! This was her wedding-das-— even in dreams Charley must come to her no more. She rose up slightly chilled from sleep ing In the evening air, and shivering, partly with that chill, partly with a feeling she did ont care to define. The dream of her life's ambition was in its fullest -realised. She, Edith Darrell was "my lady" — a baronet's bride, The vista of her life spread > efore her in glittering splendor, and yet her heart lay like lead in her bosom. in this hour she was afraid of herself — afraid of him. But where was he? She looked round the room, half in . shadow, half in brilliant moonlight. No, he was not there. Had he returned from his stroll? She took out her watch. A quarter to seven — of course he had. He was awaiting her, no doubt, impatient for his dinner, in the dining- room. She would make some change in her dress and join him there. She went up to her dressing-room and lit the candles herself. She smoothed her ruffled hair, added a ribbon and a iewe! or two, and then went back to the drawing- room. All unnoticed in the shadows, the letter for her lay on the table. She sat down and rang the bell. Jamison, the confidential servant, ap- I pearc-d. " Has Sir Victor returned from his walk, Jamison? Is he in the dining- room ?" Mr Jamison's well-bred eyes looked In astonishment at the speaker, then round the room. Mr Jamison's wooden coun- tenare looked stolid surprise. "Sir Victor, my lady! I — I thought Sir Victor was here, my lady. "Sir Victor has not been here since half an hour after our arrival. He went out foi a walk, as you very well know. I ask you if he has returned." " Sir Victor returned more than an hour ago, my lady — I saw him myself. You were asleep, my lady, by the wm- dnw as he came up. H; went into the dining-room and wrote a letter — I saw it in his hand — and then, my lady, he came m here." The man paused. again peered round the room. Edith" listened in grow ing surprise. "I thought he was here stub my lady; so did Emily, or we would have taken the liberty of entering and closing the -window. We were sure he was here. He entered with the letter in his hand. It's very odd." Again there was a pause. Again Mr Jamison ; "If your ladyship will allow, I shall light the candles here, and then go and ascertain whether Sir Victor is in any of the other rooms. She made an affirmative gesture, and returned to the window. The man lit the candles; a second after an ex clamation startled her. i "The note, my lady! Here it is." It lay upon the table. She walked o\ er and took it up. In Sir Victor's hand, and addressed to herself! What did this mean? She stood looking at it a moment, then she turned to Jami- son. "That will do." she said, briefly. "If I want you T will ring." The mar. bowed and left the room. She stood still, holding the unopened note, strangely reluctant to break the seal. What could Sir Victor mean by absent ing himself and writing her a note ? With an effort she aroused herself at last, and tore it open. It was strangely scrawled, the writing half illegible. Slowly and with difficulty she made it out. This is what she read : For Heaven's sake, pity me— for Hea ven's sake pardon me. We shall never meet more. Oh, beloved, believe that 1 love you, believe that I never loved you half so well aa now when I leave you for ever. If I loved you less I might dare to stay ; but I dare not. I can tell you no more— a promise to the living and the dead jbinds me. A dreadful secret of sin and shame and guilt is involved. Go to Lady I Helena. My love, my bride, my heart is I breaking as I write the word — the cruel word that must be written— farewell. I have but one prayer in my heart — hut one wish in my soul — that my life may be a short one. VICTOR. No more. So, in short, incoherent dis connected sentences, tills incomprehen sible letter began and ended. She stood, stunned, bewildered, dazed, holding it, gazing at it blankly. Was she asleep? Was this a dream? Was Sir Victor plav- ine some kind of ghastly practical ioke. or had Sir Victor all of a suddep gone wholly and entirely mad? She shrank from the last thought; but the dim possibility that it might be true calmed her. She sat down, hardly know ing what she was doing, and read the letter again. Yes, purely she was right. Sir Victor had gone mad! Madness was hereditary in his family. Had it come to him on his wedding day, of all days? On his wedding day the last rem nant of reason had deserted him, and he had deserted her. She sat quite still, the light of the candles failing upon her, upon teh fatal letter, trying to steady herself, trying to think. She read it again and again. Surely no sane man ever wrote such a letter as this. " A dreadful secret of sin and shame and guilt is involved." Did that dreadful se cret mean the secret of his mother's death? But why should that cause him to leave her? She knew all about it al ready. What frightful revelation had been made to him on his father's dying bed? He had never been the same man since. An idea flashed, across her brain, dreadful and unnatural enough in all conscience; but why should even that, supposing her suspicions to be true, cause him to leave her? "If I loved you ies6 I might dare to stay with you." What rhodomontade was this ? Men prove their love by living with the women they marry, not by deserting them. Oh, he was mad, mad, mad— not a doubt of that could remain. Her thoughts went back over the past two weeks— to the change iiighim ever since his father's death. There had been times when he had vis ibly shrunk from her, when he had seem ed absolutely afraid of her. She had doubted it then; she knew it now. It was the dawning of his Insanity — the family taint breaking forth. His father's delusion had been to shut himself up, to give out that he was dead; his eon's was to desert his bride on their bridal day for ever. For ever — the letter said so. Again, and still again she read It. Very Strangely she looked, the wax lights flickering on her pale, rigid young face, her compressed lips set in one tight line, on her soft pearl-grey silk dress, with ife point-lace collar and diamond star. A' bride alone, forsaken on her wedding day! How strange it bll was, the thought came to her. Was it retributive jus tice pursuing her for having bartered herself for rank? And yet girls as good, better than she, did it every day. She rose, and began pacing up and down the floor. What should she do ? "Go back to Lady Helena," said the letter. Go back, cast off, deserted, she who at only noon to-day had left them a radiant bride. As she thought it, a feeling of absolute hatred for the man she had mar ried came into her heart. Sane or mad, she could hate him now all the rest of her life. The hours were creeping on — two had passed since she had sent Jamison out of the room. What were they thinking of her, those keen-sighted, gossiping ser vants? What would they think and say when she told them Sir Victor would re turn no more? — that she was going back to Cheshire alone to-morrow morning? There was no help for it. There was rc-soiule blood in the girl's veins. She walked over to the bell, rang it, her head erect, her eyes bright, only her lips still set in that tight, unpleasant line. Mr Jamison, grave and respectful, his burning curiosity diplomatically hiden, answered. "Jamison," the young lady teaid, her tones clear and calm, looking the marr straight in the eyes, "your master has been obliged to leave Wales suddenly, and will not return. You may spend the night in packing up. To-morrow, by the earliest train, I return to Cheshire." "Yes, my lady." Not a muscle of Jamleson's face moved, not a vestige of surprise or any other earthly emotion was visible in his smooth shaven face. If she had said "To-mor row, by the earliest train, I shall take a trip to the moon," Mr Jamison, would have bowed and said, "Yes, my lady,"' in precisely the same tone. "Is dinner served?" his young mistress asked, looking at her watch; "if not. serve immediately — I shall be there in. two minutes." She kept her word. With that light in her eyes, that pale composure on her face, she swept into the dlningroom, and took her place at the glittering table. Jamison waited upon her, of course-, as a cat watches a mouse. "She took her soup and fish, her slice of pheasant and jelly. I do assure you, just the same as ever, .Emily," he related afterwards to the lady's maid; "but her face was whiter than the table cloth, and her eyes had a look in them I'd lather master face than me. She is one of the high-stepping sort, depend up on it. and quiet as she takes it now, there'll be the doose and all to pay one of these days." She rose at last and went back to the drawingroom. How brilliantly the moon shone on the sleeping sea, how fantastic the village and castle looked in the ro mantic light. She stood by the window long, looking out. No thought of sym pathy for him. of trying to find him out on the morrow, entered her mind. He had deserted her, sane or mad; that was enough for the present to know. She took out a purse that fairies and sovereigns alor.e might have entered, and looked at its contents. By sheer good luck and chance it contained three or four sovereigns— more than sufficient for the return journey. To-morrow she would go back to Powyss Place and tell Lady Helena; after that her thoughts broke. To-night she could not look be yond. The misery, the shame, the horrible scandal, the loneliness, the whole wreck of life that was to come, she could not feel as yet. She knew what she would do to-morrow; after that all was a blank. What a lovely night It was. What were they doing at home? — What was Trlxy about now? What was— Charley? She had made up her mind never to think of Charley more. His face rose vividly before her now, in the moon- rays, pale, stern, contemptuous. "Oh," she pasionately thought, "how- he must scorn, how he must despise me!" "Whatever comes," he had said to her that rainy morning at Sandy-point, "whatever the new lifo brings," you are never to blame me." How long ago that rainy morning seemed now; what an eternity since that other night in the snow. If she had only died beside liim that night, the clean, white, painless death, unspotted from the world! If she had only died that night! He:- arms were on the windokv-filll, her face fell upon them. One hour, two, three, passed; she never moved; she was not crying, she was suffering but dully, with a numb, torpid, miserable sense of pain. Allherlife, since thatrainy spring day when Charley Stuart had come to Sandypoint with his mother's letter, re turned to her. She 'had striven 'and coquetted to bring about the result she wanted; St had seemed such a dazzling thing to be a baronet's wife, with an in come that would flow to her like a cease less golden river. She had jilted the man she loved In cold blood, and accepted the man to whom her heart was as a stone. In the hour when fortune was deserting her best friends she had deserted' them too. And the end was — this. It was close upon twelve when Emily the maid, sleepy and cross, tapped at the door. She had to tap many times before her mistress heard her. When she did hear and open and the girl came in, she fCommenc-cd Publication February l-l recoiled from the ghastly pallor of her lady's face. "I shall not want you to- night," Edith said, briefly; "you may go to bed." "But you are 111, my lady; if you only saw yourself ! Can't I fetch you some thing? — a glass of wine from the dining- room?" "Nothing, Emily, thank you. I have eat up too long in the night air, that is all. Go to bed— I shall do very well." The girl went, full of pity and wonder, Shaking her head. "Only this morning I thought what a fine thing it was to be the bride of so fine a gentleman, and look at her now!" Left alone, she closed and fastened the window herself. An insupportable Benso of pain and weariness oppressed her. She did not undress — she loosened her clothes, wrapped a heavy soft rail way rug about her and lay down upon the bed. In fiv e minutes the tired eyes had closed. There is no surer narcotic than trouble sometimes. Hers was for- igotter. — deeply, dreamlessly she slept un til morning. The sun was high in the sky when she awoke. She raised (herself upon her elbow, and looked around bewildered. In a second yesterday flashed upon her, and her journey of to-day. She arose, made her morning toilet, and rang for her maid. Breakfast was waiting. It was past nine o'clock, and she could leave Carnar von in three-quarters of an hour. She made an effort to cat and drink— hut it was little better than effort. She gave Jamison his parting instructions. He was to remain there until to-morrow. By that time orders would come from Powyss Place. Then, in the dress she had travelled in yesterday, she entered the railway car riage, and started upon her return jour- ney. How speedily her honeymoon had ended! A curious sort of smile passed over her face as she thought it. She had not anticipated Elysium quite, hut she certainly had anticipated something very different from this. She kept back thought resolutely— she would not think. She sat and looked at the genial October landscape flitting by. Sooner or later the floodgates would open, but not yet. It was about three in the afternoon When the fly from the railway drove up to the stately portico entrance of Powyss Place. She paid and dismissed the man, and knocked authoritatively. The servant who opened the door fell hack staring, as though he had seen a ghost "Is Lady Helena at home ?" Lady Helena was at home, and still the man stared blankly as he made the reply. She swept past him, and made her way unannounced to her ladyship's private apartments. She tapped at the door. "Come in," said the familiar voice; and she obeyed. Then a startled cry rang out. Lady Helena arose and stood spellbound, gazing in mute con sternation at the pale girl before her. "Edith," she could just gasp, "what is this? Where is Victor?" Edith came in, closed the door/ and quietly faced her ladyship. "I have not the faintest Idea where Sir Victor Catheron may be at this present moment. Wherever he is, it is to be hoped he is able to take care of himself. I know I have not seen him since four o'clock yesterday afternoon." The lips"ri>f Lady Helena moved; but no sound came from them. Some great and nameless terror seemed to have fallen upon her. "It was rather an unusual thing to 'do," the clear, steady tones of the bride went on, "but being very tired after the journey, I fell asleep in the cottage par lor at Carnarvon half an hour after our arrival. Sir Victor had left me — to take a walk and a smoke, he said. It was nearly seven when I awoke. I was Still alone; your nephew had come and gone." "Gone!" "Gone; and left this for me. Read it, Lady Helena, and you will see that in returning here I am only obeying my lord and master's command." She took the note from her pocket and presented it. Her ladyship took it, read It, her face growing a deadly ashen S ley. "So soon," she said in a sort of Whisper; "that it should have fallen upon him so soon! Ob: I feared it— 1 feared it — I feared it!" "You feared It," Edith repeated, Watching her intently. "Does that mean your ladyship understands this letter?" "Heaven help me! I am afraid I do." "It means, then, what I thought it meant, that when I married Sir Victor yesterday I married a madman." There was a sort of moan from Lady Helena. No other reply. "Insanity is in the Catheron blood— I knew that from the first. His father lived and died a maniac. The father's fate is the son's. It lias lain dormant for three and twenty years, to break out on his wedding-day. Lady Helena, am I right?" But Lady Helena was sobbing con vulsively now. Her sobs were her own reply. ' To be continued.) : ' 