MISCELIAWV^55 I " ALL ABOABD."-A plank J!?,' °BMT °' 4 SHOW, - Ham^, dK»«i t»®. Sbquiil to a burglary as tenors Irish newspaper-" After a frultlero fi°"ch '» ®n money was recovered except one pair of t>Q^ " 1 the "PAPA," said Willie, "is Satan ho p. of wickedness f" "Yes, mv son." "wIii '?« King ness was a lepublic, would he be a Vioe-Pr^id'01'^ MABEL-" I would never marrv * 1"l?" did not love." Maudie-"But n I wealthy man should propose f" Mabel \ retl love him, of course.'* Del' 'should inrd'&a; p~ MOTHER, oatohine her eon at -Iip i" " Oh. Johnnie, what are you doine? Didi-'i J - la«t night to be male a saint?" Johnnio - V ^ not till after I was dead." M' but HE, admiring a vase of flowers- ' Are »u not beautiful? Do you know, thev r- iinH . y you." She. softly-" But they are artifl,, i » I\e °' " Ah, yes; but you'd never know it i" "" THE BOOM IS NOW in thb Ni rbbov ;. Grandma, when I'm an angel will I Uvc, "I hope so, aear. VV hv do you ask?' "'pi think I'd rather have a bicycle I" e I HUSBAND-" Do yon know, tru dear r never gft lired of looking at that r>h'iU,i:ratA your Wife-" «hv don't you haveit hung up in the club ? ana Eabtebn Man-" W-here is the P n c Railway, anyhow T' Prominent Kansml" know. Il got lost in the weeds about six weeks .T and hain't been found yet." ?°> ETHitL-"Why in the world did yonuenH '"y Jit.l.,iVb^Merih*J.^tti'\"V-traln and iioitv windmill?' bdward- Bo that we can alwavsun where he is. ? " A.-"Now, if I understand correctly the first principle of Socialism is to divide with'*T, brother man." B.-" Then you don't understand it correctly. The first principle of Socialism is to make your brother man divliie with you." DEACON BOGOINS-" Brethren and sister* now that I have conveyed to you the inlcllinenM that our dear pastor, who has been with u« so manv years, is about to resign his charge, let us rise and sing the Doxology-" Praise God from whom all blessings flow." Is AN OMNIBUS.-Smart young lady of the period-" Don't you remember me ? One of the col lege girls!" UiM Professor (looking at her neigh bour with melancholy Interest)-" Ah, yes, but you did not take . place, I think-" " Place,' no 1 I cot married!" THE late Arthur Cecil startled some friends once by asking, " Have you heard of the cannibal tea atKewf He said, "I would not have believed it, but I saw it written up 1 Plain tea, sixpence. Tea with shrimps, eightpenoe. Tea with children, one shilling.'" Two Scotsmen, one an Abrrdonian and the other a man from Inverary, were engaged in a hot debate on the correctness of their respective modes of English pronunciation. At las!, he of the Granite City clinched matters by remarking, vrith withering contempt, " Weel, at ony rate, I dinna c»' ' fush' . feesh.'" THE building known AS the Four Courts, Dublin, which is set apart for law and lawyers, is sur mounted by a magnificent dome, which, when viewed from the other 6ide of the l.iffey, looks a majestic piece of architecture. "What is That build ing r asked an inquiring stranger of his car-driver. " Ob, sir, don't vou-know ? Why, that's the beehive the Devil'* beehive 1" LAST May a gentleman went to the booking office of a theatre to secure seats, and found that they were all engaged for a fortnight in advance. At a seoond theatre and a third it was the same. " What'i the meaning of Uiis V he said. " I aid uot know that there wasBUch a run on the theatres." "Oh," sail the clerk, with a merry twinkle in his eves, " it's the May meetings, you know, sir, and all the parsons are up from i he country 1" TH* following is a true anecdote of the late Sir Joseph Barnby "Miss-, a rising contralto, .was engaged in rehe&rting; one of her solos for a Handel oonoert which Sir Joseph was conducting. At the end of her solo she sang a high note instead of the low one oh the wore. Sir Joseph objected to this treatment of Handel. " Hut I've Lrot an E," she replied, " and I don't see why I shouldn't show itoft." " I believe you've got two knees," rejoined the con duotor, " but I hope you won't show theiu off here." A STORY told of Lord Kelvin is that during a long oourse of lectures on maenetiMii bis cha racteristic definition of an ideal magnet, as "in infinitely long, infinitely thin, uniform, and uniformly and longitudinally magnetised bar" was received with applause, which drew a sharp " Silence ."from the professor. Before the end of thr session the definition and reprimand had been so Mftvn repeated that the students one day, through act iii >mi ordesnii, did not respond. Lord Kelvin, ho»eu r, from force of habit, cried out " Silenoe 1" all the same. A TODNO lady in Provident, Rhode Island, was asked by her uncle to m ?? ?? t some pur chases for him, of whioh he gave her written Int. The first item was "Scott's Emulsin ," and, alter glancing at It, the intelligent younp >ioinan mane straight for a certain Urge book-shop, " !<ere she #as received by anequally intelligent salesn ? -n. .i»m» oopy of Scott's .Emulsion.* said she ca-n .Hy- . what?' said the salesman. "Scon's . i.mulsion, re plied the maiden. "Oh, yesl" wo- the *ns»er. " Well, you see, we don't sell 8oott's wo.-ks eicept complete sets." THE "Windsor Magatine" for July a new story about Mr. John Morley. ''1 .. U.u Olub dinner, where Mr. Morley was a » "est, he »m scrambling in the waiting-room for ! belonp^opt An attendant brought him his hat a. J,''°" Th. ... there was an umbrella," eald Mr. Mi »v- . tendant returned with an elaborate!;. fW . "That's not mine," said Mr. Morley ; :oo> me." A bystander asked. Why drdi. - Mr. Morley? You have losttbipohaiic :alifetin* With a rare twinkle in his eye, and r *'". gret, half self-eatisfaotion, the honour.. replied, " Ah I honesty has been the -inbling«» of my life." . . . "f ,h» " SOKIBNEB'S " has two or three , ? orl''g n late Robert l»uU Stevenson-one. ?*' was very fond of telling, "of a*lj o (-re Py," In Samoa, who, the first time be ' hltnoe!' attitude, ani reclaimed-' Ah-quelk *«£.!«. Then, approaching him-' How lik'1 teiiyoo Monsieur Charles Dickens I Did no on-- e that beforeT And Louis wm oomp-;.^ that certainly nobody ever had. Vailiiw English midshipman,.who, after s1.*> »« . he had for a week, told Mre. Strong that, " / jt «u known and liked Mr. 8teven»on all ll";nt'l"t^ut the only the other day, when h« was rou . P over him library looking at the books, that it . Xrt*,urt all of a heap-' He's the Josser that *.ot* lrw WWhen Thomas Bailey Aldrich reoeg'^ oently a letter from hto Irieoii Profess . A|neri0an the accomplished M-pweldent o' ^ ^ he (olind It was veiy pleasant tome to get a iciut ..v- .. the other day. Perhaps I should have toyT)» plwwanter if I had been able to decipher it. I d0" Jf'f 1 .OMU'Wd anything beyond the om whloh I knew, and Uie signature - winch 1 There b a singular and perpetual ohnrm in a letu'° yours. ft never growaold; it never loses Its noT'^ One can say to oneself every morning-'There > Jet Ur of Morse's. I haven't read it yet. J u,'n'j! t«ke another shy at it to-day, and maybe I wall »We in the oourse of a few years to make out *;h*V " means by those t's Lhat look like that haven't any eyebrows.' Other letters are r« ' and thrown away and foigotten; but yours ue *: p tor erer-unread. One of them will !*Nt*rL u *W« man a lifetime.-Adailringlr you,<i x" ALDaioa" 