L^DY TURPIN. Br HENEY HERMAN Published hy special arrangement vnth Messrs. Ward, Luck #-Bowden, Ltd. [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XV. A RAID OS THE CAFE TLON. J En.li.lie Ycrpoint, the adventuress, had lost her habitual coolness since she had learned that she had a heart. She was no longer the cold and calculating woman who lived only to commit crime and then to skilfully obliterate its traces. She had tricked and entrapped Gerald Tlieveney 3 and then, lilre:the fowler who is'caught in his own snare, she had fallen in love with him. It wis not: merely; bis • good looks that now attracted her; of his position in the world she had ceased to think. She no longer considered him a prey, as a stake to be-pliyed for and won, if possible, but as the lord of her heart, the man whom she loved better than life itself. "Very weak of her, perhaps, but as we know " Women are not iflnlilieirbestfortunes Strong." : But when a woman loves, as Endalie Verpoint did, we all know they are weak indeed. And the girl lived in a, constant terror, the terror of being found out. Gerald* had only been too glad to take her at her own valuation—a beautiful girl, a lady, well ^dueated, of good position, of JiissowmsocM-i^nk; Butthe time might come when Gerald >-would -make 'enquiries; which it would be awkward to, answer, en-- quiries which would have to be met by lies.;, ift; is very easy, to tell a lie, but to build up' a whole structure of lies needs genius, particularly if they are 7 not to be ^o^d out. And Endalie had" grown weary of lying to the man she loved, simply because she loved him, so, and" jwhen the trim parlormaid came into the drawing-room after lunch with a telegram '"upon "her little^ salver, Endalie's fingers trembled as she took it up, and the girl's face flushed slightly, with fear. But a happy smile overspread%er handsome face as she read its contents. "There's no answer, Ellen," she said. And then, as the girl left the room, she turned to the clock. "He'll be here in half an hour," she 'thought. /And then she looked once more at the little piece of pinkish paper. : "Please wait at home for me. X am coming to bring you great good news at half-past two.—G." " Good news !" thought Endalie. " He; can have no other good news to tell me than that it is possible to hasten our marriage. Oh, that it were once over, and that I dared to stell him. But that can never be, for Gerald is an honest man and would spurn from him the woman who is nothing but a common thief . But then he lovea me, and in that great'love of his he may find pity—when I am his wife, but not before. But will he ever forgive me for cheating and deceiving him ? Can I ever dare to : tell him ? No! That must be my; very last resource. Fortune has never failed me yet,' and surely the cup of happiness will not be dashed from my lips just as it touches them.. What can his good news be, 1 wonder ? Perhaps, perhaps," she thought—and she became pale as a ghost at the idea—" perhaps they have come upon the traces of Winnie's jewels, and thus, he being placed above suspicion (for he may have fancied he was suspected) he looks upon that as great good news. No, it can't be that." And then the well-known knock was heaid .at the outer door of the flat* and Endalie, with a woman's instinct, took one look in the mirror, and pressing her blanched lips between her teeth and seating, herself in a graceful attitude^ awaited the arrival of her lover. : ; The door -was flung open by Ellon, and Gerald, 'who though dressed in solemn black, looked the picture of happiness, his (face wreathed in smiles, entered. " Dearest Endalie," he cried, "you can make me -.the ha,ppiest man in. all; the world, or the most miserable, for I cannot bear to part with .you, dear, ,;even >.for a single day. I can't, indeed, and I've got it^iCeave^ond^ at once—that is to say, within, a- week or two. And aye or no, Endalie, I want you to make a sacrifice for me." , " There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, Gerald,: nothing!" cried the girl.; And , there whs a touch of pathetic solemnity in her voice, for' she meant what she said, and the words, cam^ from her heart. And then : they lcis'se&-ea?ch other, as lovers do. " And: wh'afs' your great good news,: Gerald," sho said. " I'm burning to hear it." " Well,: I'm made a posfc-captain, dear. I'm to hav:e a qttarfcer-deiik of myoWfl. We ... are going; to start a house in Paris, and: 5 I'm to t ike Charge of it; It's promotion, I cm toll you; and they were, very nice i.l>mit it, and said all sorts of' charming •things ; and I should never have got. jit if it h wln't been'for thb poor old governor's death. You; see, they think ' Sir G era,ld Theveuey and Co.' will read well, and of course, I can now put in a considerable amount of capital. And what's better still, it will be all under my own thumb, and I shan't be'at the beck and call of old Malder Whattingham; And now I want you to do me a great favor. Endalie, I. want you to consent to our immediate marriage. ~ You see, the mere fact of my having to go away is the strongest of all possible reasons. Under ordinary circumstances, it couldn't have taken place for Bix months at least. But now we can bei quietly married, and we can take a fortnight's honeymoon, and then settle down in a little neat of our own in, Paris. And all you have got to do, Endalie, dear, is to say yes, and then you'll make me the happiest fellow in all the world. ITou won't hesitate, Endalie ? You' won't refuse me ¥ I've got my chance, and I shall never.have such another big chance again. Why, with luck, in ten years' time, one needn't worry about business. I shall have made rny pile; and we can come back and live at the Book's Nest, if we like. What do you say, darling ? Dearest Endalie !" '" Gerald," said the . girl, " you know I can't refuse you anything. I ought to l)!ush when I say the words, '.I love you so that I can refuse you nothing.' But, Gerald, whit will the world say? What will Lady Mexeyisay H And your sister, too ! And oh, Gerald, my aunt's dreadfully part icular ! She'll certainly make all kinds of difficulties." "Oh, for the matter of that, bother our sisters and our cousins and our aunts!" cried the young fellow enthusiastically. " We're both of age, Endalie, thou^U yuvt don't look it. I can buy & special license, and we can be married any morning, and nobody need be any the wiser." " Gerald, don't be ridiculous !" cried the ?irl. " You might as well suggest a posfcchaise and four, and a marriage at Gretna Green. I'll talk to aunt, I can't say more, and you must be very nice witfy anct very firm, and say iff got'"to be, j r ou know, 3,nd between us we shall t^it 1 ','r over." " I'm not Silrd the special license and the marriage in the morning wouldn't be the best way, Endalie," cried the yoimg fellow ®i' Ypur auut'% t® n\ake. ail? kinds of difllcpltie^—a\ki;ts always do—audi she'll want to t^ave tUe settlements s.'3en to, an^ that will take. no. end of time. Thosa fellows neysr will hur^y/ 1 ^ . JiafcAorit'k thinJ? fehat ^af^ -j-ai Gerald." said, the arn-I s • •"i platnia her hand in his. " When I ) .M.;T,V you, 1. T nist you with myseli. siirciy I can mist with my property." " Of course you can, little woman. Everything would be made fair and square, and I daresay even lawyers might be got to hurry up under pressure." And then there was a little pause, and pressing of hands, and the young people looked into each other's eyes as young people do under such circumstances, and then Endalie, in a strangely serious tone, asked her affianced lover a very strange question. " Gerald," she said, " would you marry me if I were a penniless girl? Tell me really. Would King Cophetua take the beggar maid ?" "You know I would, dearest!'' cried her lover. " You mean it, Gerald, don't you ?" said the girl. " You really mean it ?" " Indeed, indeedi my darling, I do/? , cried the infatuated youth.. . ; And he did mean it,' because for him there was but one woman in all the world, and that one woman was Endalie Yerpoint. •; ••' - ! " Gerald," said the girl, and she looked at him with solemn eyes,*" Gerald—'' , She seemed about to speak again, but she was silent. The impulse to confess everything to the man she loved better than life was strong. Had she really been a, penniless girl, she would, loving and trusting him::as she did, have confessed it then and there, believing in the strength and truth of his affection. But she dared not. Her courage failed her at the last moment. She could not tell the man she loved the story, the shameful story, of her life of crime. : ' 1 ' -, ; "L was only trying your affection,, Gerald," sh'e said with a little laugh; " I don't think even the beggar-maid could have been a happier girl than I am now, and if ;I said all I: think, Geralds dear; and told you how happy I am, perhaps you might wish ine more coy and reticent. 'Ah, Gerald, I do so pray that nothing may come between us." t i "Come-between, us?" cried young Theveney. " Who or what could ever come between us ? When I was a ruined man, you came to my assistance nobly. Do^you think that I can ever forget that ? Do you think that I can ever forget that it was you who saved me from the consequences of my own monstrous folly ? And folly's a mild word. I was more^han a fool, I was a criminal, well-nigh a thief, for I was guilty of a breach of trust, and knowing that, dear, you love me and trust me still. Endalie, if ever there was an angel in this world it is you, love." " Ah, you say that, because you haven't found me out," said the girl, with a laugh in which there was the slightest tinge of bitterness. " If you only knew ! Ah, if you only knew!" "But I do know!" cried the {young fellow, and as. he spoke the words the girl started. " I can quite fancy that I'm not the: first man-who has admired you, Enda- • lie. Others have done so, and doubtless • tbld you toil their affection. t Why should they have hidden their love from a girl whom any man might be proud of ? I am full!with hideous retrospective jealousy," he added with a laugh. r G erald !" cried the girl a little proudly, starting to her feet. " I swear to you that you are the first man that ever wbispered words of love to me. I never thought or cared for any man in that way, never, so help me Heaven! Say you believe me, dear, for I can honestly look you in, the face and tell you that." " Believe you, Endalie ? Of course I believe you." At that moment the door opened, and Mrs Hill came in. " Why, Gerald! The very last person I should have expected to see, There!s .nothing WTOng in the City, I hope ?" " Nothing whatever, dear Mrs Hill," said the young ma n, as he took her outstretched hand and shook it warmly. " I've got a half-holiday; They have J let me out of school for the afternoon." r And then he told her of what he termed his " slice of luck," Andmow, Mrs: Hill," he continued,, I, hav&-come as a beggar. ' - A most pertinacious beggar: No amount of handshaking will drive: .me away. I : have talked over Endalie, and practically^ she refers me to you. Dear Mrs Hill, you will help me, won't you-? Of course, my father's death naturally has postponed our marriage, but I am-an excitable fellow, and Ldon't think I could stand the suspense. of being away • from Endalie. Why, every day, here in London, I count the minutes till five o'clock^nd this sudden move is an honest reason/^for hastening on our marriage. don'tknow:what:anextra-sixmonths!of, < happiness means tojt fellow like me;' •We w can be married at: once. Even old Malder Whattingham, who is a'"(Santan- : kerous old fellow, agrees with me thatthat's the best possible, thing for the business;* ' Simplest thing in life,' he said. ' Wny, when I married Mrs Whattingham;-! wfent away, at eleven, and we had our wedding breakfast at Birch's and I was back again in this chair at two.' Aud he • was. I have often heard it an the office; But I don't ,go so far as breakfast at Hirch?s. and' 1 going back to the office at two. But can't we say this day week-? " "It is absolutely impossible, Sir Gerald, absolutely impossible," replied Mrs Hill, drawing herself up. "It isn't to be thought of for ah instant. It's a kind of hole-and-corner proceeding that I couldn't think of countenancing, and I am quite sure, if Endalie looked at . it in a proper spirit, that she would • agree with me. Why, it would be a scandal. What would your poor, dear mother have thought of such-indecent haste ? Besides, what would everybody say,'and what would everybody think of me? They'd say f didn't want to ;give- a, proper,( breakfast; Besides, eveiybbdy's mirrjed byAanns now, and that takes threeiweeks^at least, and then there's Endalie' s trousseau, A lady doesn't start oji her fconey&oon;, Sir Gerald, with a Gladstone bag and a hand box. It couldn't be thought of for a moment. And then there's a maid to be engaged, if you're to live in Paris. Endalie would want a maid who spoke the language; and a highly respectable ladyfs maid who sweats, Fr^ncfe takes finding, let me tell yoiv 'Jhey don't grow on trees. And then there we the settlements, quite ssure, dear Sir Gerald, when: I've talked it over with Endalie, that she will be of my mind. There are a thousand and one things to be taken into consideration that you know nothing about. Do you Sir Gerald,' said Mrs Hill, d-^iHg into a chair and fanning hej^f violently,«tha' you have quite ^§H my breath awav ?" G^W waa full of persuasive eloquence. In his desire to win her ove? he almost made love to the old lady fcsloa© EndaKe's very eyes, and he o^y. Weted when Mrs Hill very reh^aily promised him that he should tove a (ififinite answec withm twen^y-faur hours, ^ he stayed to dinner, and after viewer Endali§ played and sang to him and hQ fcund himself in the sheath heaven, .ma once or • twice Mrs Hill left the two young people alone. But she came back all too soon for this ardent lover, and at- length t>ir berald took his leave, feeling in his heart of hearts that even a week waa a terribly long time to wait. From this it will be concluded that Sir Gerald Theveney was very much in lore indeed. "Give me a cigarette, my dear," said Mrs Hill, " and let's talk it over. Nothing could have iiajjpened more opportunely. He must- have his way, of course, for in this world one never knows what's going to turn up, and the respectable-looking plain-clothes officer, with the badly fitting boots and a couple of pairs of neat steel handcuffs, may turn up at any moment in 0 IT case. But ouce In .Paris, Endalie, and mtrried to him, it's a very different pair of : shoes. They might bag me, and if they aid, I'd do my time, and you could trust i me not to split. And neither Mike Eoau i nor Ellen would peach, because, you see, i it's worth their wlule to be silent, and I'd ssfond to you, Endalie, just as though I was i really your aunt, for you're all I've got in <the world, dear,and I feel like a mother to ?you, and always have, for you're an ornaiment to the profession, and a girl that any iwouian might be proud of. J ' } "Don't, aunt," "said Endalie. .V'Don't, take me back to it; even in thought. '.I've idone with it-for good and r afl, thank,Gojd.l Oh!" she cried.as. she' burst into,a fioodlaf Tiassionate weeping, " Oh, that I could 'only tell him! " 1 "' Tell him, you fool r" cried the elder fwoman, clutching her wrist. " And what good would that do, pray ? Never trust a man. He looks upon you as a little better, than the angels. But once a man finds a woman out, it's all up with her, as you'll learn sooner or later. Why, my girl, if you were to peach, though you were my yery daughter, I'd think no more of choking the life out of you than I do of throwing this end into the fire." ; And flinging the cigarette from her, shi suited the action to the word, j For! women like you and me, Endalie { there's no such thing as sentiment or romance. We're ,got to think of ,business We've ma.de our pile, .we've got to stick to it, and there'8 no crying back and showing the'white feather now. Do you know what it would mean ? It would mean tenyjjears; ten years of the steel. You don't Miow what the steel is, my girl. I do. I^ve had the nails worn off my fingers with picking oakum. I've been fed on skilly aid done my turn in the darks, till it wash'fc'ia'prisoner they'd got, but a dangerous :mad woman; How would you like to[ bow and grovel to the female warders, and 1 be 1 dressed like -a guv, and have all your pretty htur clipped off till you looked like.one, and to have to clean your cell, and stitch and spw altday^long if you :were a good conduct woman, and to be preached atjand prayed at by.ithft ohaplam and the lady visitors, anjl to have to' turn' 'hypocrilfce for the chance of getting a good conduct badge and. sugar in your tea? No, Endalie, for the like of you and me there's nojturning back." But we must return to Mr Brown. Mi- Brown ordered a carriage from the hoterand. passed his afternonsat the Sweet* Waters of Europe* where heiadmired the Turkishy Greek, and Armenian', ladies, not -' a few. of whom favored{ him with -a smile; Then he dined. He ordered armagnum of ! Deutz Geldermann 'S4,- and he asked some of InsAmericanand.English: acquaintances to jbin:liiin. Now there.is something very seductive about a inagnum of Deutz Geldermann.^'It is a difficult sort of thing to ' refuse, particularly :in a place like' Con- - stantinople, where the -wines: are usually' more miscellaneous than good. Mr Brown and his friends discussed a second magnum, and then, fortified b^ cofiee and liquors j they sallied out together to the Cafe-Plon, just to havea look round, you know. And Mr Brown and his friends greatly admired the Greek and Armenian ladies with the big eyes and the yellow complexions, the full,- ripe lips, and the magnificent heads of hair, whom -they met there, sauntering: about on the arms of their; husbands, brother, or fathers, autf' they agreed that Pera was a very drossy place: indeed, and that these semi-oriental types, of female beauty, - clad in the ' latest, Parisian fashions, which they saw in : the garden of the Caf£ Plon, were truly delightful. And perhaps the big, black, bold, bright eyes seemed bigger and brighter and bolder because Mr Brown and his frienda, had had that second magnum of Dent? Geldermann j. and -they safe and • smoked andjdrank theii' mastica, as is the custom in Pera, !at. the little tables, and then somebody suggested that they should go -up. ' staira^•.and-.hare another..^'^little- flutter." ' JTlfcowSfs notW^loathTto^be waB particularly anxious to have a " little an flutter," observant because, 'man. yon He see, had Mr, looked Brown on was the previous evening as Mr Detective-Inspector Bender, as 'we know, nothing could escape the eagle, eye of Mr Detective- Inspector Bender. And he had fonciedi nay, he Was almost certain, that the rou> lette, as played at the Caf<5 Plon, was not altogether fair and square.. He luwLnoted that when the preponderance of the moaej 1 staked by the players was on the red, that black invariably won, and vice - \- "-And,"' thought Mr Brows* "if I were not on duty, TJhink t eoui&Knake; itTather' hot for that bank, because - all a-felloe '' would have to ,da, would, be to keen, on ' betting small suais upon the colqur 0n which least money was staked to win everr 3 time." - „ But Mr DetectjW-rnspecfcor Sender, being on duty, ,<M not play. ' He "had ' oco.is'oiftlly -won, or lost a perfunctory mejidieh, hh't thai was all. But now, Mr Bender's; official autic= in Constantinople being finished, he r felt tliat Mr Browjj, the tourist, had the right to enjoy himself, and being a sjood natured fellow, Mr ' Brown communicated his brilliant,idea to the two friends who had accompanied him from the hotel, and aU ihi^watehedthe game for awhile. x and came to the conclusion that the ingenious Mr Brown's theory was - a correct (me^and.lperhap^becanse Humaa" : nait^re is human nature, all thre^e men. bad a "little flatter." They could not "go for" very large sum?, because if ihey had even equalized the t,wo colowis then the. theory of course wouldn't work!' Tiiit ti»e three went steadily on with five Iranc pieces, occasionally popping on a XturMsh lira, and they almost always won,' - And Mv Brown and his friendr?, in some twenty minutes, had made «/TI te a nice Kttle thing of it; and white they were rejoicing and pnlling off aft-r c up, aaf just as Mr Brore®, the tonH«t, isa?| whispered undevhis breath t<\- , s Srwnda. " This is s,ovt of game k 'low doesn't get. of," an electric hell ws suddenly three -times in snccessidn> axia then there was the noise of a struggle, va? the elQotric ligrht became snddepfV tinned out, and the whole place wu s ir, toted dark- ' nesb for an Instant, and evervbofly seemed to be sc.raia^mg for thft monevAipon the tabto«,.and. men b^n hit* out right ana left. \ml Mv fro tourist, felt that soniolVy l ud liiuj rotind th® waist, i.ufc. Uiibsvlf free in aft "Oh I my,' } wgn't Ma be pleased when Bhe hears of the bargains to. be obtained at IV Tempanjf'e pale. Jewellery, 'Wt&ob;* anct Clocks • at Less lbs® Cost. ^ , be plaoe to get ye^ Wa^ s > • > -es, CiockB and JewelJe?y tepv . .. ' , _ oo aa tofc»' > 6t a Mode»to Price* i-— - u ^ith geed ^ci^m&ji;^iiip, 16? j " to Collin8-.-1reet and at half the *ce," lemvlcd a x\«U»ktowa publio n>«fl in rftply to his ffi^nd'e fili^fti^H i^^atdirg his handgonsp finit of clothes, O'CONNOR'S Su ; +e pre grpstly ii dprrsfid, an iDPtanced by+be f*ct that a 1 ' ristsof Melbourne and subcrbo pftin*'- ^to ronetently cccingr to P. i, 0 Cokkob Meivbasi T^iloij instant, seized & chair, and managed, by using it as a club, to keep the crowd off him. And then the big door of the room was opened suddenly, and three Turkish officers entered the place, followed by a crowd of zaptiehs, bearing lights. The scene was a rather startling one. The greater portion of the money which had lain upon the various tables had disappeared or been scattered upon the floor. The head croupier at the roulette table was struggling wildly for the possession of a big steel cash box which contained the , bank of which he was in charge, with a. bearded Greek of ferocious aspect who was kneeling upon his chest. The dealer at the faro table, an oily-looking Armenian, was comfortably seated beneath it, nursing his cash box as though it had been a baby, while in another corner of the room was a little struggling knot of some half a dozen persons, all of whom had laid Violent hands upon the small steel box which contained the bank of the trente-etquarante table, and were all pulling different ways, while the croupier, whose face had been severely cut and was bleeding profusely, was lying upon the ground shrieking for help, and, hanging on valiantly to the iron box by one handle, acting as a sort of sheet anchor to it. One of the Turkish officers addressed the crowd in Turkish, ami another made a little speech in French. "Gentlemen!" cried the latter. "Any. one found to have been using a weapon will be dealt with very severely. Ton. muat all consider yourselves our prisoners. Resistance is titterly useless, and f declare this illicit gambling establishment closed by order of His Excellency Pezzivink Pasha, Minister of Police." Three of the zaptiehs now advanced, and each man carried a sack. Into it they thrust the roulette wheel, the painted cover of the faro table, and the dealing box and the cards and the scoring board used at the game of trente-et-quarante, and the three iron boxes that contained the money of the administration; and then they proceeded to pick up the coins and bank notes with which the floor was strewn. And then the croupiers, bankers, and servants of the administration, having been previously searched, were ordered to leave the phce. They were, of course, all well known to the police, and there was no likelihood of their running: a.way. The French-speaking officer of police now seated himself at one of the tables, and produced a portfolio, and one by one took the names and addresses of all present, _/Fo those inhabitants of Pera with whom he was acquainted he gave a friendly nod. One or two of the players were ignominiously marched off by the zaptiehs. "When it came to the turn of Mr Brown, the tourist, and his friends, they gave their address at the Hotel de Byzance, and produced their passports. " You will hear nothing moreof this^ said the polite Turkish police officer Gambling is, as you are possibly unaware, illegal, and we have to make these little raids occasionally. Good evening I" Mr JBrown and his two friends congratulated each other as they walked back to the Hotel de Byzance. " I think we air uncommonly well out of it, don't you, sir?-' said one, a big Yankee, addressing Mr Brown. " I guess if one of them critturs had laid hands on me, I'd have had to show him what we mean by ' gouging' in the States. Remarkable country, Turkey, sir; That's" what they do. They forbid play by their laws, and then they quietly proceed to wink at it, and three or four times a year the police people just raid the Cafe Plon . as you have seen to- night, and some poor devil or other gets six- months' imprisonment as a warning; while the rest of usair allowed to march out 7 with the honours of war, and as for the ' spondoolics,' they air a perquisite of the police people. That's the system. It's just a rotten country. Wal, here we air at the ho-tel. I guess we had better liquor and retire, for we ain't presentable. My coat's been ripped up the back, and your collar, Mr Brown, ' seems to have been torn out by the roots. But that was a noble system, sir, you invented, and we owe you a deep debt of gratitood. I am in this city on business for several months more, and shall exploit that system of yours. They'll play just as usual to-morrow night, you know. But tomorrow morning our names will be in the Levant Herald, and we'll all get an advertisement for nothing." " Did you get robbed ?" asked Mr Brown, the tourist. "Wal, no," said the American, "Idid not, sir. They tried all my pockets except the sly one of the pants. That was were my dollars were." "I was lucky enough to' keep my winnings." " So was I," exclaimed the third man. And then the parties called for whiskieg and sodas, and went quietly to bed. When Mr Brown was undressing, he found that though his money and his watch were perfectly safe; the little packet containing the two coloured diamonds had disappeared. Mr Detective-Inspector Bender swore a great oath. " That's a stroke of black bad luck!" he cried. " Perhaps it was chance. Perhaps," he added, " Mr Elias, the Jew, was a smarter man than I gave him credit for being. He-may have smelt a rat. If he took tlie stones he won't send Koja Aratoon to ask for the money. In any case, I'll be off by the Orient Express, and I'll just leave the value of the two gems with the Consul- general. But I'll bring it home to Moreoni Raccoldi and their friends yet; or I'm a Dutchman. Why, I've actually had the stones in my possession, and I can prove the fact by just bringing o'vei- that old Armenian broker to Bow Street." Mr Inspector Bender left, as he had determined, by the Orient Express, after a short visit tothe Consulate, And Koja Aratoon was considerably astonished that Elias, the Jew, made no application to him for payment. "He and the Englishmen must have squared it in some way," he thought. " Anyhow, I've been done out of my com- mission.'- (To hi Continues. 