Dickens's "Christmas Carol.'" RECITAL BY THE REV. F. G. BUCKINGHAM. There was a fair audiance in the Baptist Church on Thursday nlghtto hear the Rev. F. G:. Buckingham give a recital of Dickens's ""Christmas Carol." Mr. T. B. CaBB, ML.A.L, occupied the chair, and in his opening remarks said it gave him great pleasure indeed to be present that even ing. He went on to speak of his appreciation of Dickens's works, and stated that he ex pected a treat in hearing portions of "Christ mas Carol" recited by Mr. Buckingham. His experiences of that gentleman had been all. that was favourable, ad he wished to take that opportunity of thanking him for assistance he had given him (the Chairman) on various occasions. He concluded by expressing the hope that the recital would be the means of drawing larger audienqes to future entertain-. ments of a similar nature. (Applause.) In his prefatory remarks, Mr. BuccroN~GoA said he was exceedingly fond Of Dickens, and during the whole of his life had striven to.keep the memory of Charles Dickens alive among the people with whom he resided. He did.not think, as a rule, that he wis as much read now-a-days as he was som. years ago. Newer hooks had come in, bu'though many authors might arise none as yit had been able to touch his (the speakeer's) heart and mind as Dickens had done. He regarded him yet as the prince of writers. Those of them who knew the life of Dickens would understand that he drew al his characters from actual life. He then proceeded with his subject, of which tha follow ing is a synopsis: Scrooge M arley's Ghost; Shadows of the Past--Fezziwig's Ball, Scrooge's Old Love; Ghost of Christmas Present-Bob Cratchit's Christmas Dinner, Tiny Tim (" God bless us everyone"), Game at Blind Mln's Buff, Eccentric Conduct of Topper and the Plump Sister; Shadows of the Future-oghastly trans action, chamber of death, "quiet very quiet," "colour hurts my eyes;'" and Ebenezer Scrooge, a changed man. During an ioterval a little variety was intro duced by solos rendered by Miss Nosworthy ("The Song thatiteached my Heart") and Mr. J. W. Ingram (" The Lost Chord"). Both were i good voice, and were accorded hearty applause. Mr. It. H. Ingran played the aecompanimnsots. At this stage, when about to resume his re atlal, Mr. Bunmingham was w~armnly appauded. He is without doubt a skilled elocutionist, and his loving study ot Dickens has evidently boen >4,·... :.S:; ·\\.·~ \·· to some purpose, for he entered into the light and shanow of the book in a way that earried his audience with him, His change of expres sion and voice when dealing with different characters was also.very good, the emotions being at times almost mirrored in the faces of some of his hearers. He quite excelled him self in repeating the full, clear notes of the clock sounding the hour. Thbe reeilal occupled over two hours, and secured the interested at tention of his listeners. At its eeoclusion the elocutionist moved a vote of thanks to the Chairmsn (which was arried with hearty acclamation) and to the aedience for their attention. Mr. CanB; in responding, expressed thanks on behalif of himself and the others wodi were present for the very esjoyable entertainmeank Mr. Buckingham had given, after whisk tlb gathering dispersed. 