ARCHBISHOP CALL! ON Villa PA PAL S Ul'i: KM A OY. SO THE HM-Oil OF I Ml. A110LS. Sir,-In a recent lecture Dr. Carr lays much stress on a (now) Well known epistle of Clement of Home to the Corinthian Church, one he speaks of the writer as "Pope bl. Clement, claiming for him that "his words were the words of God, and were dictated by the Holy Ghost." The following story which I give of course in English stands portal the letter in question in the original. It occurs in an argument about the resurrection - '. Let us look at that astonishing wonder which takes place in the eastern regions, that is in the lands around Arabin. There is a bird which is called o Piuenit. This bird being the only one of its kind, lives five hundred years, and when it approaches its release by death, it make is a neat for itself of frankincense and myrrh and the other aromatic, into which it enters when the time is complete and aches, and Us itself by coming putrified, a certain worm is gendered, which, nourished on the moisture of the dead bird, developes wings Then becoming strong, it folds up that nest in which the bones of its progenitor are, and, carrying them away, in shapes a course from the Arabian territory as far as Egypt to the city called Heliopolis, and alighting by day in presence of all, it lays them on the altar of the sun and Beat departs back again. The priests then inspect their registers of the times, and find that it (the bird has armed alter the live hundredth year is complete d." Dr. Carr asks, "Is it possible to have a clearer evidence) thanCleineiit'aletti rulTortla of the Papal Supremacy in the very first century of the church's existence.'' It may be enough to reply by asking in turn, "is it possible to have a clearer evidence than the above quotation from the letter affords, that 'Pope St. Clement' was neither on infallible Pope nor yet an extraordinarily well informed man, although, no doubt, he was an amiable and well-meaning one, can even more - 1 am, re., ARTHUR PAUL. St Killin, March 12. 