CORRESPONDENCE. £\Ve do not necessarily identify ourselves with opinions expressed under this heading.] (To the Editor of the Dubho Liberal.) Sm,-Last night I attended the annual meeting of our auxiliary of the Bible So ciety, when some big figures were men tioned, among others that this society alone had circulated 147,000,0(31) copies of the scriptures; what a sacrifice of work and money does this not represent, and yet it did not give ine unalloyed satisfac tion, for I considered the mixture of .strength and weakness, light and dark ness that accompanied the circulation of this gigantic volume of truth. We do sincerely revcrence the Bible, we would deem it sacrilege to alter a single sentence of the printed copy, and yet we do not hesitate to change its language to that of our own. For instance, at the threshold of the gospel it is announced of the Christ," He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with firf." We are con vinccd this is addressed to the whole race, to the vipers of men ae well an to men who arc more harmless than vipers; and yet we will insist upon changing it by add ing " If you are obedient," or other wordB to limit that which contains no limita tion. Ihese large words are followed by the imagery of the threshing floor; the groin to be threshed is wheat, and the chaff consequently must be the chaff of wheat. Did you ever see the wheat with out its chaff, or vice versa, and yet we will insist upon saying they are two separate bodies, and not a body who has one and the same growth, therefore we come to deny that Christ will separate the wheat from the chaff, and assert tliat He will destroy both the image of God and the chaff of sin which is to bi found in overy sinner; yes, we have brought ourselves to be lieve He will destroy them both together that Ho came not to purge H is fioor, but to divide His floor. And all this because we will not accept the direct statements of the apostles and evangelists, but will qualify them by words of our own. The unfortunate translation in our authorised Torsion of the same Greek words as Eternal in Eorno places, and as Everlasting- in others, is accountable for. much of this. We will insist upon putting a meaning on Everlasting When it is coupled with fire or punishment, that contradicts the covenant of God. It is therefore not to be wondered at wo cannot reconcile the announcements that .' the soul that sinueth it slioll die," with " there Bhall bo no more death," nor that the wicked axe commanded to depart and be cursed, and yet" thai there shall be .erase no more," I will leave these hints for your readers to work out for themselves. Yours, W, C. Cabdbw. November 13,1896. 