IAXNXVERSABY TEA AND PUBLIC I .- MEETING. WiXCOMK TO BGV, W. W. GEORGE. A TEA. MEETING to celebrate the anniversary of the Grafton Wesleyan Church, was held on Wednesday evening. There was a fair attendance. The church was decorated in- ternally with evergreens and flowers, and a welcome was suspended over the platform. The public meeting was presided over by Mr. J. Junios, and there were on the platform Revs. W. W. George, I. Mackay, A. Barron, and C. Stark. Apologies were read from Kev. Mr. Barrett, Maclean, and Rev. A. Cooper, Brushgrove. After singing a hymn and prayer by tho Rev. A. Barron, the CHAIRMAN expressed the satisfaction he felt at being asked to greside. Ho hud been connected with the raf ton church for the past 30 years, and during that time there bud been seine able and good men occupying the pulpit of the church, several of whom ho mentioned. They had como through a good deal of difficulties, but it was cheering to noto that their church held its own throughout. Str. X. PAGU said on behalf of the trustees, he extended a hearty welcome to Rev. VV. \V. George, and trusted, at tho expiration of his term, that they would be able to report substantial progress. Ile explained the posi- tion of the trust fund, Which was the best it had been for years past. The income from all sources amounted to £410 17s Pd, which included £300 borrowed from the Perpetual Trustee Company, Sydney, at a rate of 5 per cent., also a legacy of £50 from the estate of the late James Payne, sen. Their, total indebtedness was about £174, us under £300 to Perpetual Trustee Company, balance I of £154 due loan fund, and £10 10s Sd interest ¡ due A.J.S. Bank. . This was a comparatively small encumbrance on a property that was worth £2500. What they wished to make up that evening was £27, to pay oil the A.J.S. Bank and smaller accounts. Rev. I. MACKAY hud thc pleasure of meet- ing Rev, Mr. George before .that evening, and he. trusted they would be good neigh- bors. Mr. George was well known in Wes- leyan circles, and hud a go id deal of experi- ence, and they could assume that he was sound on the fundamentals. Nor was he ecclesiastically weak on the cardinals of religion, and us one outside the church, he congratulated them and the district on the acquisition they had gained by the appoint- ment of Mr. George to Grafton. He regarded Wesleyan ministers as pilgrims, and he trusted Iiis pilgrimage lu re would be suc- cessful, und that be would do them much good. There-were some critics, or hyper critics, who were anything but pleasant to u minister; others, again, who endeavored to get benefit.from every minister, and these were tho' right kind of worshippers, ~ Rev. A; BARRON, us on former occasions, welcomed a new visitant to the district, and another nilolbt.-r to their church. .He heartily welcomed Mr. George, and heard from an old friend. Rev. J. Burgess, that he joined in the united prayer meetings nt Kiama, and hud no doubt fie would do the samo here. He referred to the happy union that existed between the churches in Grafton, and though there were little differences, they respected each other and did not seek to proselytise. At Kiama the Anglican clergymen joined in the united prayer meet- ings, and they tried to effect the same here, but so far were not successful. He was not going td explain why Church of England clergymen in one part of the colony joined tn these meetings and did not in another, but possibly there was an explanation. He referred to the controversy that was going on through tho Press between two churches that were not represented there. It was said by one that theré was u tendency on the part of Borne other churches to join the Romish Church. Ho read iv statement by Dean Farrar to the effect that 7000 Anglican clergymen had joined tho Rumuward move- ment. This was something appalling. He trusted' tho"work of Rev. W. George would be crowned with BUCCCSH. Rev. C. STARK, on behalf of his congrega- tion, welcomed Mr. George, not. because he was a Wesleyan, but because he was a Ohristinn minister. They hud recently read a great deal about the church. He read the address of'the Bishop und tho, reply ; there was a great deal about church and very little abolit Christ. He wanted more of Christ and less churchism. From what he henrd of Mr. George, he believed he would work for his Redeemer. People wanted inure of Christ and not "so. much church. They would,soon weary of'the latter, but what' they required was something to feed their souls. Ho.heartily welcomed the Rev. Mr. George. M. F. W. TWINB, representing. the-OircuIt, accorded a welcome to ? tho new minister, whom ho lind known for many years,'und hu was a first-class man, as was evidenced by tho position ho held in the church. . " Mr. D. DOUST, on behalf . of . the local preachers of the Circuit, gave Mr. George, his wife, and family n hearty welcome. Tho CUAIRMAN then introduced Rev. Mr. George, who, he said, came before.them with a good reputation. He met him on .one occasion about 80 years ago, and in welcom- ing him ha asked the congregation to stand and sing " Praise God from Whom all blessings flow." \ .'?'-'? Rev. W. W. G HORDE appreciated most; cordially the kind expressions that bud been made regarding him. They had formed a high estimate of him and his'work, but if they hud known him us well as he knew himself they would ; nob have beun so eulogistic. Ile had been informed that the people of ' Grafton were most; hearty in according welcomes, and on his arrival their welcome was much to be appreciated, moro especially as ho was a bad sailor, and did not enjoy . the passage. He trusted with their co-operation, to be.enabled. to do good work fur the church here, and that hu would be enabled', to-fulfil the duties oî a faithful minister of Jesus Christ. In everything Christ must ' have tho pre-eminence ; He must be ali in all. He was not ashamed of the term " church ". because it was Scrip- tural, but recognised that all denominations were working for tho ona great end, and in that respect werb labouring unitedly. Ho would say " Pence be to nil those that love our Lord Jesus Christin sincerity." Ono of the best ways of grappling with error was to I advance the trut h, and ono method of putting down wrong influence's was lo do right. The question niTghlM>i> asked: Was this a pros- perous church ?. But, itlierti Went 'different standpoints fruin .which to look ab it. Ila was pleased to hear the encouraging reports of the secretary.and treasurer. Ttl« question may hu asked, '.' What will constitute a flourishing; or prosperous church?"- Some people think you can only he so hy good buildings, a popular minister, a good organist, a splendid choir, a wealthy or influential congregation, and having the exchequer well filled. Well, these may be very valuable auxiliaries in church work, and he would not undervalue them in tho.least. But-a church may have all theso and bo miserably poor. Oliristiiinity is life, and the church of Christ needs lifo ; and. the Spirit alono giveth life. He trusted that not only that, but the sister churches nlso would be remarkable for vigorous Christian life. As In tim home, ono expected to find'love. Th« Ohrlstiau loses his name that loses his love. Hu trusted they would have consecrated ser- vices, «nd expressed the earnest hope that they should strive together fur the faith once delivered-tn the Saints, Ho was gratified to learn' of tho fraternal feeling existing amongst Ibo branches of tho Christian churches here, and lho. fact, of so many being represented on that platform was an evidence of their unity. Although there were distinctions they could still agree on essentials, God did not make one person to be exactly Uko another, and if thoy wonted .uniformity they would have to go to tho cemetery. But they wero one In essentials, they believed In tho Holy Ghost, In God the Father, and thu .regeneration or man, and desired that the Kingdom of our Emmanuel maybe advanced. : Tho question may be asked, "What can wo do to draw people to I he church ? " Ho believed there were many agencies employed tn connection with tho church of Christ that were.demoralising and humiliating, and they sometimes wenttoo far In resorting to plans which he thought they should be ashamed of. The words nf Christ were : If I bo lifted up I will draw all men unto Me. The preacher must be faith i ful in his allegiance to Christ, and not only must the preacher's work be up to the proper standard, but that of his people also. They could nob shake off their responsibility in this matter. He trusted that all round they would join hand in hand, and minister for good to all around them, and build up each other in their'holy faith. If they desired to do Christ's work God would work through and in them, and they would be aide to say, God hos been with us. He appealed to them to contribute towards the liquidation of the debt, and if they required a blessing they could get it. hy contributing, for it WOB more blessed to give than to receive. A collection was then taken up, which, with Sunday collections £3 18s, subscriptions £1 17s Od. and tea tickets £4 12s, made a total of £14 8s 3d. Rev. Mr. GBOUGE moved a vote of thanks to those that decorated the building, the choir, visiting ministers, and all who assisted, and also the chairman, who. was congratu- lated hy several speakers on having so far recovered from'his accident as to preside. Proceedings dosed with the benediction. During the evening the. choir rendered the anthems, ".Glory to Ged on High," "AH praise the Lord, "Give unto, the Lord." Miss Jessie Cos gave the solo " Story of the cross," . ? . !'. ? ? 