Religious Records. Presbyterian Church. Queensland General Assembly. Openino Service. Tho opening .service: in connection with the constitution: of'the General Assembly of -•"ibe Presbyterian Church of Queensland was [.{held in the ."Wickham terraco Presbyterian , Church on ^Ionday. -There, was h large con ..gregation,'and a - fau'ly': large attendance of members of tho. assembly. The service was reconducted by the moderator, Rev.J.Crook-' : i ;«ton.- Afler the customary devotional exercises .'^he moderator preached an able sermon from -Samuel xyii. 29, Is there not . a cause ?" r- ' Eclating in graphiclanguage the encounter '/.between David and the giant. of Gath, when "';"iheyouth went forth to, the seemingly ,unequal.conflict in face of the ridicule o£ his opponents and the contemptuous astonish • jnent of the.forces of Israel,. but won tho \- :victory in' the strength of*God,he pointed out ~&hV.what; Israel lacked that, day David'pos : sessed—namely, a simple* faith in God and the power-of God. Was there ho causa for ./-ouch a faith"to-day P rhe asked. The highest reach of .';genius fell far short, of the / lowest 'degree -, of inspiration. ' Bat if one -.wanted' that/power-for the sake of being • great in the eyes of one's fellows he would '/rievergetit. * IsraeVat the time referred to .. 'bad a materialistic tendency. The present age '" was also materialistic in its thought. He did mot mean the scientific or rational" aspect only. :;:Hb iheant the subtler sort creeping into 'the church and.church methods. How little de '• /pendence was there to-day- upon the power -of the Holy Ghost as .all sufficient for their I work in the church of the living God;" How | , ■much were they/coming to lean, upon mere : "iuman agencies,andtrusttothearmourbf Saul ■••'■■It was a good thing in its way, but there had . .'■to bo something which enabled a' mau to dis-' -/pense with, that good thing, as a'hindrance .milder certain'conditions and circumstances. . -•.The tendency to-day was to give too great importance to" mere human agency, and too .••Email a place to the power of the spirit of .• ■God. "They-were, top apt to be satisfied if the / - collections reached a satisfactory figure; and • ^-tlie church' allowed -its' social, musical, and ", ;amihitectural attractions to occupy too,high ' a ploce.:' They had not faith enough to lay aside'the armour of Saul and grasp the simple •sling and "stone of the Gospel of their Lord. -The faith .of-personal interest in the work of •Jesus Christ was what was, wanted to-day. •-"They were trusting too much to church -machinery- and; too little to the spirit of God. •That was a iK>or honour to Jesus Christ "to \- profess a faith in him. which dared not stand nip and ■measure itself with faith in •• money, or faith in pleasure. . Referring to . Another-aspect; of the • text,' he said that .- ••/the young,men. of Australia had yet to fight ■."■•the giant; -There was no grander sight in lis eyes than a'youpg life laid down at God's :: altar in self-sacrifice. •. Australia was waiting for this. It might be that they as a church : were- too. conservative. It might be ..that !many ayoun^ fellow had got idle because no v man had fired him. All be had was a sling And stone,;and ho was maybe ashamed of his . seemingly poor equipments as he saw so raany strutting* to so little effeot in their shining .nrmour. V The best equipment was tho power .'ritthe Spirit/and ho noticed that the great • conquests of preaching were prefaced with the words " And being filled with the ;Holy Ghost;'* Constitution or the Assembly. Tho Assembly was then formally consti tuted by prayer, and .the roll called.- The ^ Modebatoe, on resigning the chair,: said he. lad to thank them one and nil for their kind 'ihesa ; andbrotherly. ." feeling which lad . •characterised his year of office. ' - He trusted at had been spent' to the glory of God and the .wellbeing of.the church. .He then announced that Mince a majority of presbyteries' had ^nominated Rev. J. S. Pollock, of Sherwood, as moderator for ihe present year, it became -lis duty to move-that le be elected to i1_* office of moderator. ' Dr. Hay (Rockhampion), in seconding the • motion, said'that the .assembly in placing «uch dignity upon Mr. Pollock,- would only •be rewarding him for a period of most diligent \- And conscientious work. • - Tho motion was carried by .acclamation, \- And tho newly 'appointed moderator was robed And conducted to the chair by the retiring moderator, Rev. J. Crookstou. • -The Moderator having been received by tho •Assembly, thanked ..members warmly for the .-honour whioh had been placed upon him. By, way of a special address to the assembly ho expressed "some thoughts regarding the "unity of cur church and duties arising out of "that unity.'' Ho said that for the present, mot to speak of any. church organisation "which they might find themselves a part of in •"the near . future,. they in Queensland Acknowledged and proclaimed themselves . "to bo a church, not a union of churches. In certain . directions . it was perhaps mot urgently needed that they insist upon the "unity of tho church. Their system of church governraent helped to keep that faot in view. \- By congregational representation, and by .appeal,"overture, and petition, their people] and affairs wero in constant evidence in the | superior courts. But they , required [more than that.! It was hot by the exercise of, con stitutional authority, hut by the infusion of a :'{.greater amount of brotberliness of spirit that "they hoped to emphasise their unity, and by ] -practically recognising that thoy formed one} | family,'and that every part of the church had I a" chum.upon the co-operation- and assistance of the whole church. "As Presbyterian*# thoy ; acknowledged., they had relative duties and [ privileges beyondtheir congregational con nexions, that they were ministers, elders, and members of the Presbyterian Church firsr, and of their particular congregations afterwards. With them the question of agreement was ' professedly settled,. and-that being so -it -, was. a matter of detail as to how. best the whole church might benefit by all the gifts within it. . This wa9 one of the chief reasons'that called them together— namely, that they might resolve. upon the best methods of directing and; encouraging their ministers'^ and' people,. to place their services at the disposal of the-church, and of so arranging the work that it might .fall in with their' agreed order." and polity/ No greater mistake, could ha made. by. a; pastor than to suppose that his services should be confined to-his own. particular congregation, and though he might hot believe that he might be held back horn, acting otherwise by cir cumstances and considerations of one sort and another—the want of supply for his pulpit, lack of funds, and possibly the selfishness of his own congregation. It had been asked what was.to prevent the'church generally sharing the benefits of the. entire ministry, it being urged that a circuit exchange would be an improvement on their present order. • They • could not agree with that opinion. It would be an evil day forPresby terianism when the time-hononred and apostolic practice was given up. But they might have a good thing carried too far, and this would - he. the case if. the fixing of a minister in one-place or pastorate wholly prevented him serving beyond tbe bounds of the congregation in which he was placed. He gave all honour to those ministers and congregations: who had found means to do church, extension work of- which in most instances no official notice was .taken, and he believed that he was well within-the mark in .saying, that the home mission and church, extension work carried out by the ministers and. elders of the church who were' not recognised agents working under the Home Mission^ Committee, .was in any given year greater than that reported to the assembly by tbe Home Mission' Committee. And in what better way could it "be carried on. - He contended that there was ample scope for effort in this direction.: \ The young and vigorous could, .without shortening there days, do; something beyond the stipu lated quota, and the congregations could by granting generous freedom to their pastors and by financial aid do -very niuch to sup port and extend the ch'uroh of Christ beyond their borders." But church extension work which lay at the doors of their ministers did not exhaust the limits to which, their services should extend. It had been frequently re marked, how truthfully he did. , not say, that the social element was a weak : point in Presbyterianiam. -It ought not to be so, and it nested with them to make this reproach obviously inapplicable to them by seeing to it that as brother ministers and elders they possessed that mutual esteem and affection for: one another without which their union --was. a'hollow - pretence. 4 g In the second place thoy -had to consider how migut the financial resources of /the church he laid under tribute for the mainten ance of ordinances throughout the whole church. If it were agreed that their I ministers were ministers of the whole church tbe conclusion was inevitable that on the church as a whole rested the support of the ministry and the maintenance of ordinances in such' places as she in her wisdom had established. Many of their weak and country charges had beenleft to perish for want of a helping hand in time of need. It was a pain ful-and oven' shameful thing .'that the number .of charges ministered to "by fixed pastors - outside the neighbourhood of Brisbane was little more than what it wa9 20 years ago. -That they had so many charges throughout the colony against which the word "Vacant" must he written was very sad. There could be no. doubt that whatever else might have contributed to. this state of affairs the chief cause was want of funds. The Home Mission Committee had a noble -work to do, but it seemed to him that if that committee was to combine, as it now did, sustentatiou with strictly home mission work, there should be a reversal of the proportionate division of funds, the larger portion being de voted to thb supplementingof stipends in weak charges and the.smaller to the. establishment of new charges—at least until all that i possible of- the old and vacated ground 1 retaken/ and established upon a satisfactory footing. He believed, however, that better results would be achieved by a sustentatiou fund, on a separate and adequate basis, to he dispensed by a real live sustentatiou com mittee, which would make the vast'and vital importance of this matter to be'felt by all the church. Where, he asked, would the Free Church of Scotland be to-day were it not for her S ostentation Fund F How, without such a fund, could the Irish Presbyterian Church have maintained-its footing? Coold they hope to do without that which others bad found so necessary? Reviewing the objections that would probably bo urged against such a schemo, he said they had always been made. There was always^a lion in the street for the man who had no wish to go out of doors. Surely this -was a matter in which thoy might hope for success in dd vocaoy.- of their cause, and especially in that assembly commend themselves to every man's conscience in the sight of .God. He conoluded. by expressing the hope that the spirit of brotherly kindness": might be a ruling spirit amongst them, and bo^pro ductive of such results that all might see, and their congregations feel to tho' remotest bounds of tho church that their love was not in word and in tongue, but m doed andin truth.:' ' MlSGELLAOTOtlB. \ ^ jRev. TXJ?. MiTOHEXLinbved a vote of thanks to the retiring moderator, which was cordially passed. ' . ' ' - •• On tne motion' of'Or. Hay, a similar com* pliment was paid to the moderator for his address. • . .. Dr. Hay proposed that the acknowledg ments of the aBsorahly he communicated to the Glasgow "University for tho honour con ferred upon Dr. J. IT. M'Swaine, and through him upon the church. • ' Committees were appointed to prepare an address oh behalf of tho assembly to his Excellency the Governor, and a memorial minnte bearing upon the death,of Mr. J. M. Brydon. It was al^ decided to notify bis Excellency the Governor of the appointment, of the moderator.. . 