THE BIOGRAPHER. HENRY CLARENCE KENDALL. BY ALEXANDER SUTHERLAND. II — HIS EARLY LIFE. His thirteenth year being sped, and a little schooling accomplished, Henry Kendall was considered ready for a calling. He had none of the roving disposition of his father, nor the slightest possible inclination to the sea- man's life, but his uncle Joseph was captain and owner of a smail brig of 133 tons, named the Plumstead ; and, as he was willing to take the lady, the uncles at Ulladulla made it no matter of concern what were the little fellow's tastes, shipping him of as cabin boy to be kicked about and cuffed for a couple of years at the whim of a rough set of sailors. For there are hints which lead as to guess that his uncle was free from any sentimental softness such as might have given to his nephew any indul- gence not shown to other lads. He himself had started from the bottom ; consider what he now was ; could it really be a bad thing for an idle monkey to taste a rope's end while still in process of being licked into shape ? Thus, while Australia, was full of the early gold excitement, the boy Kendall was away on his two long years of seafaring life. The brig Plumstead was supposed to be a whaler, but she captured whales only when fortune favoured her. Otherwise she took a cargo wherever she could get it, and these two years were a general cruise up and down the Pacific. The lad thus saw Samoa and the Marquesas, touched at Yokohama, and in many lands much must have flitted before his eyes that was lovely and capable of firing the imagination. But to him it was a time of misery. Weak, slender, and of studious disposition, the rude, sordid life of galley fires, tar-pots, and wretched cabin, the tyranny of Jack aboard and his drunken orgies upon land, must have been utterly dis- cordant with his disposition. In November, 1856, the vessel's wanderings brought her to Mauritius, where she loaded at Port Louis with sugar for Melbourne, and a couple of days before New Year she cast anchor off Port Melbourne. The following three months in Melbourne knew the future poet only as a wistful little fellow, longing unutterably to go home, but living in ex- pectation of a cargo. In March, 1857, the brig sailed for Sydney in ballast, and glad was his heart to set foot once more on land and leave the sea and its uncongenial expe- rience behind him. He proceeded to the Clarence river, where he was known, and at Grafton obtained employment as office boy to a well-known solicitor of the district. This was James Lionel Michael, not only a genial fellow but a capable poet. He had lost, some tirme before, a wife to whom he had been devotedly attached, and now was living bachelor fashion in a house surrounded by a pretty garden, and enriched within by a choice little library of English, French, and German literature. It was a free and easy household, and Michael was no conventional employer. He treated as a younger brother the lad who kept his office for him. His business was by no means extensive, and Michael would desert it at any time to talk poetry and whimsical philosophy. It so happened that they very year 1857, in which Kendall joined him, he was pre- paring for the press his lyrical volume en- titled "Songs Without Music," and it is very probable that some part of the lad's early occupation my have been to copy out his employer's verses for the printer. Proof slips must have been familiar, and asKendell practically lived with his employer, he was no doubt initiated into many discussions of rhythm and rhyme, Michael's book is one of melodious cadence and pretty sentiment. It is in part constructed on the model of Tom Moore, but is not without character- istic notes of its own. It formed in turn the model for Kendall's early work, some of his verses echoing very closely the lines of the older poet. No sooner was this volume through the press than Michael started a long poem which he entitled "John Cumberland," a desultory, semi- antobiographical production, beginning with eccentric imitations of "Faust" and pro- ceeding with strange intermingling of bold, though rhythmic prose, wild rhapsodies, and touching passages of true poetry. In the friendly off- hand intimacy of the place, Kendall, no doubt, heard much of this ex- tensive production, second longest among poems of Australasian birth , find the life thus led must have fired his young poetic enthusiasm. But Michael did far more for the lad than all this implied. He encouraged him to read, and gave him the best poets of the English language with which to form his taste. Kendall never took with any thorough relish to the old Elizabethan poets, nor yet to Milton. He formed a poor opinion of Dryden and Pope. But at this period he filled his fancy full with the work of Shelley, Mrs. Browning, and Tennyson. Michael encouraged him to learn French, and he read enough of Beranger and Victor Hugo to be able greatly to prefer the latter. He now began to have poetic aspirations of his own, and he furtively despatched his earliest satisfactory attempt to a children's paper called ''The Band of Hope," wherein it appeared in all the startling flattery of print. Then he tried the poet's corner of the Sydney" Empire," owned and edited by Henry Parkes, who not only inserted the verses, but after two or three acceptances of that sort, inquired after their author. Parkes himself had poetic hopes. Twenty years before he had weakly perpetuated his "Stolen Moments," and he was even now but two or three years distant from the publication of his ambitious "Murmurs of the Stream." It speaks well for the kindly patriotism with which the hard-worked and financially troubled editor then glowed, that he was on the watch for the appearance of the first genuinely Australian poet, to help him and encourage his feet to the front. Now it so happened that Michael was a great friend of N. D. Stenhouse, the recog- nised patron of literature in the Sydney of thosese times. Stenhouse was a practising lawyer, but though no writer, a passionate lover of letters ; friend of Sir William Hamilton and Thomas deQuincey ; a fine scholar, a man of cultured taste, possessor of a magnificent library, one of the founders of the Sydney Free Library and president of the School of Arts. To him the youthful Kendall on a trip to Sydney bore a letter of introduction from Michael. The old man took a genial interest in the lad, introduced him to Harpur, then the only true poet of Australia and to Deniehy, most interesting of its prose writers. He introduced him likewise to Dr. Woolley, the principal of Sydney University, and it was probably through Stenhouse that Parkes met in the flesh the young contributor whom he already slightly knew by correspondence. Encouraged by all these friendly seniors, though still only at the age of twenty-one, Kendall in 1862 gathered his forty-five best lyrics to form a little volume, which he en- titled " Songs and Poems." Clarke and Co. were the publishers in Sydney, but the name of Sampson, Low, and Marston gave it a certain London guarantee. It is in greater part the work of a mere fledgling, but there are half a dozen pieces that arrest attention and command respect. His "Ghost Glen," with its German diablerie, is a remarkable piece of work for a lad. I cannot find a fellow to it in its own particular line within the English language. Not that it is by any means of the highest class, but of its kind it is truly poetical, and works with strong effect on the emotions of the reader. The verses on the death of Charles Harpur have in the in- tervening thirty years been often quoted, and show no sign of wearing threadbare. The "Song of the Cattle Hunters," though an echo of Michael, has long been a popular favourite, and the "Fate of the Explorers" is an impressive rendering of the story of Burke and Wills, though of execution not equal to its ambition. Many pieces otherwise promising are marred by imitation of the tricks of Edgar Allan then evidently of some ascendancy in the mind of the youth. With so many friends to help it, the book made a nine days' wonder. Not that this implies pecuniary success. Some five hundred copies were printed, but though these were all eventually sold, when trade allowances are deducted the receipts for so small an edition can never at a reasonable price be made to cover the cost. Yet the venture gave the young author a certain standing ; and Sir John Robertson offered him a clerkship in the survey office of the Crown Lands Department. This he accepted, formed a home for his mother and sisters in Sydney, and life promised to blossom out very happily. ] He began to read systematically ; took lessons in French, and Dr. Woolley's friend- ship to some extent directed the course of his studies. He secured for him the use of the University library ; but with the general public Kendall died out of notice in very brief time. He was assured by others, and him- self felt certain, that an Australian reputation could be acquired only by securing a standing with the critics in England. Accordingly he made up a parcel of one of his books and a number of more recent poems in manuscript, and with a touching letter of boyish ambition forwarded the whole to the editor of the " Athenæum." Nineteen appeals out of twenty under these circumstances would have passed without notice. But the editor made use of the incident for an article, in which the youthful aspirant received no niggardly praise. Three of his poems were quoted in full, with a prophecy of future excellence. Another encouragement came in 1866 with the publication of Mr. G. B. Barton's "Poets and Prose Writers of New South Wales ;" that capable critic, after reviewing all the work done in the colony, asserted that "the lyrics Kendall has written are by far the finest yet produced in Australia." Thus, not without cheering words from the select few, he went on his way with his studies and his hopes, which at this time were no doubt what his friend Henry Halloran de- scribed them to be — " He cared not for the theme, the single aim Stirring his heart was that his name should be Among his countrymen a household name. Though he were buried on some sunny lea." Meantime, he had received promotion in the service, being transferred to the Colonial Secretary's office at a considerable advance of salary. This was the happy time of his life. There are evidences that he was passing through a stage of religious uncertainty, that he regretted the disintegration of the creed of earlier days " By sleepless nights and vigil's lone, and long, And many a woeful wraith of wrestling prayers." There was a deep, solemn, religious basis in his mind, and at this time he wrote — "Have trust in Him. Not in an old man throned With thunders on an everlasting cloud, But in that awful entity enzoned By no wild wraths, nor bitter homage loud." In a poem published in September, 1864, in the "Sydney Morning Herald," but not printed in his collected works, we see that a somewhat painful straggle had been taking place in his mind. Moreover, it gives evidence that he somewhat disliked the life of the city and longed for "the weird walls of the forest home." It is a strain which con- stantly recurs in his verses up to 1867, that " Cities soil the life with rust." But now a whole new world of thoughts and experiences came to divert his atten- tion. He had not passed to the age of six- and-twenty without some stirrings at the sight of beauty, but the only impression as yet felt had been evanescent, In 1867 he was smitten with a much more ardent affec- tion. He had been asked to lecture at the School of Arts, in Pitt-street, and had chosen for his theme the very ancient one of " Love, Courtship, Marriage." He had an audience of moderate size, before whom he stood, a spare and shyly-awkward man in a black frock-coat, too large and too loose for him, nervously fingering his manuscript, and pouring forth his words in a rhapsodical flow, to be seen, not heard. But the pale and beardless face was then one full of in- terest — a pleasant month, a clear, grey eye deepening with enthusiasm to blue, and a broad capacious forehead, and a crisp and curly mass of hair, made a centre of attraction, though on a bare platform and in a coldly empty hall. At the close of the lecture a young friend named Rutter introduced him to his second sister, Charlotte, a bright, vivacious, good looking girl, and, as befitted the enthusiasm awakened by his subject, he straightway fell in love. Thereafter for some time he was a steady visitor at the pleasant home in Bourke-street, Woolloomooloo, where her father was a well-known physician. Kendall never wavered in his affection, and towards the close of 1868 they were married. Kendall's position was comfortable, his fame growing, his young wife a source of extreme happiness to him, and when they furnished at the Glebe a cosy home, whereto soon after he invited his mother and sisters, no promise of domestic felicity could have been greater. Through all the bitter years that were to come he turned with grateful affection ''To her who, cast with me in trying days, Stood in the place of health, and power, and praise, Who, when I thought all light was out, became A lamp of love that put my fears to shame." 