CIIAPTEK IV. TIIB JIl'STEltY 01" BLACK 1I0LL0W GRANGE. “ Lenore, my dear, I have good news for yout this morning.” Miss Trevetlion arose lazily from her favo rite sofa in the recess of the bay-window and* closed her book. '1'he very handsomest young lady in all London, the belie of the gay season that was only just over, aadan heiress inner own right, this was Miss Lenore l'revethon, Sir Geolfrey Trevethon’s ward and kinswoman. The baronet bowed gallantly as he drew forward a chair. “ Good news, my dear,” he repeated, nib bing his shapely white hands together ; “ ex cellent news'! Come, now, can you guess what The younglady’s wonderful blue eyes dark ened, and she brought down her dainty foot a trifle impatiently. “No ; 1 shall not try. I am not good at guessing, Sir Geoffrey. If you have anything to tell teat is worth hearing, pray speak out at once. My hook is so entertaining, and it is very provoking to bo interrupted. Sir Geoffrew Bmilcd graciously on his im perious young ward. Of ail guardians that ever existed he was the kindest and most for bearing. From her childhood pretty Miss TTcvetuon had reigned and ruled like a queen. True enough, my dear. But when one has good news, you know. So you won’t guess 1 Well, well, 1 must tell you ! Eiehmond is coming home.” Miss Trevetlion threw host her graceful head, and laughed until the room rang with Eilver echoes. " Well, now, Sir Geoffrey, that is too j a joke. Ilichinond coming home? Why lias been doing the self-same thing fori last twelve months or more.” “ So he has, Lenore. He is a sorry doWW I told him in my letter. “ I don’t wonder, that you are indignant. Indeed, the wonder lies in your extreme forbearance.” “ liy forbearance, Sir Geoffrey i Bless you, sir there is no need for forbearance ? Bich mond could not please me better than by staying away. I only hope he’ll make a trip to thif antipodes before he reaches Eng The baronet laugncd with genial good humor. A pleasant, handsome,good-humored gentleman is Sir Geoffrey, thirteenth baronet of his line, albeit his brow is furrowed and his hair growing gray—a favorite Wien an who know him, especially with the ladies. A dozen times he might have chosen a wife from the fairest aDd best born women in the land since his accession to the ba ronetcy ; for some cause he had seen fit to remain a widower. Some say that a youthful folly, which caused so much trouble between him and his dead father, cured him forever of all thoughts of love : others hint that he lives loyal and true to the one woman for whose sake he resigned his noble birth right ; that his heart is buried in his wile’s far-away grave. ■ ■ • , . . At all events the baronet is not married, though his chances have been tempting, For something over half a score of years he has irorn the honors of his noble race, and led a genial, hospitable life at the ancestral mail .,1.in, Lvuditii Hal!, ail upright, honorable I'eniitnit'.n, a Gunstiau, ami a philauthro pi.it; a man widely beloved and universally tint for some reason his fair ward aud kins woman has nercr thoroughly liKed her guar dian, though she has lived under his ruof so many years. Sue obeys him ; or, to tell the truth, he obeys her, for the pretty, spirited creature has a will of her own, and Sir Geof frey suiters her to have her way, and indulges all her caprices, lie only controls her im mense fortune. Of t/ist Lenoro is utterly ignorant and equally indifferent. She only knows that she will forfeit it—all the fine old estates and the immense Xrevethon ; wealth — if*'she fails to marry Sir Ueof. I ficy'5 son before she attains her twenty first ! year, and being passionately fond oi elegance, I an i cast*, ami luxury, Miss Trevethoa lias no i dream ot forfeiting her right to her queenly j .She 'veil knows tiro conditions of her poor father’s will, iias known them since bcrchild hood. She knows, too, tlmL years ago, wiien she was scarcely more than a baby, she was most solemnly betrothed—indeed wedded— to her cousin Richmond. From the neat gold chain hint glitters on her white bosom the tiny .symbol of that childish marriage trill hangs. Xu his last will, her father implored his only aud dearly beloved daughter not for any cause to set aside.that childish marriage, but in obedience to his life-long wish, to become her cousin Richmond's wife*. Failing to obey his wishes,"1:5.1' Xrevethon forfeits her right as heiress, and the 1’revcthon fortune goes to n remote snion of the family, and sire and her cousin are both left penniless. • But JiisKi'revettion lias no^udght of dis obeying bc&lead; father’s las^rfsti and will. She holds Iffiat marriage i^jrucr childhood sacred aT/Vending : the tijr^ betrothal ring when Richmond Her gcS^nknows this well, and, trust, ing to her integrity, allows her unbounded freedom. Since her return from the French convent, ivhcrc the better part of ber youth had been .passed, her life has been a series of successes.' Her first season was a triumph, am! she has received some of the very best offers that Belgravia can afford. An earldom with its tempting coronet has been laid at her feet, and she has rejected it, as she rejected nil the others* When Richmond comes home she will be come hif wife, and make him master of her splendid heritage, the heritage so rightfully Richmond lingers abroad, lias lingered for years, with the fairest and richest bride in wide lingiand, awaiting his coming. Rut I.cnorois by no means impatient; she rather dread! his return than otherwise, she loves her gillish freedom so well. .She knows little ot the flian who was her boy-bridegroora, and is to b: her future husband, for they have seen cjcIi other only at long intervals, and very brief periods. What he is oris not she has had little opportunities for learning, yet, de finite hgr repugnance, her utter indifference, wb Wiccomee, she will obey her dead father's command, and become his wife. Tho baronet knits his brows a trifle darkly at lie: laughing response, but his answer is en tirely pleaBant. “ Well, well, he is certainly on his way to England this time. We may look to see him any day now in a week’s time, and once here,” he adds, with pointed gallantry, “be will never care to leave again," lo winch flattering assertion the young lady makes no response whatever; but her chaperon, and the baronet’s bosom friend, I.r.iy Halstead, rising from another sofa, taps hoi jewelled snuff-box, as she remarks : “ It is most devoutly hoped he will not, for the good of all concerned, myself especially. The sooner he gets here, and the sooner the legal wedding is well over, the better I shall o Jfay I ask why ?” questioned the young la'y, serenely. *Xhe dowager shuts her snuff-box with a sharp snap. “ You ask why, as if you dicln t know. Why, I shall be as gray as a rat in another month or two i£ 1 don't get you well oft my hands. Catch me in such a fix again 1 There's not a day in the week, Sir Geoffrey, out she throws me into a fever with her fol lies. She is the very maddest madcap outside jf Bedlam.” jJdjss Trevethon shrugs her white shoulders ,n‘. imperial scorn, anil the baronet only uniles. /yhe dowager toys with her snuff-box and lontinues : ■ “ And now, in view of r.ichmond's return '»nd the approaching wedding,I want to know, jTi the name of common sense, if you do not Sitcnd to abandon that absurd trip to the highlands I” % Sir Geoffrey, for answer, merely hows to An.rH his ward. She lifts her radiant glance tiler.', her open book. i"Our Highland trip cannot be abandoned,” " We shall leave Lyndith Hall wTthiu an hour.” “As the quean wills,” responds the baronet, with a second bow, It is part and parcel of his policy to indulge his f.w ward ia all her whims, and this trip to the Highlands is one of them. “As the queen wills,” is his gallant answer to all her requests; he only asks to manage her vast fortune according to his own will. Lady Halstead tosses her pet poodle, Bijou, from her iap in pure vexation, and the little animal firs whimpering to the shelter of Lenorc's arms. i “ As the queen wills! Well, Heaven be nraised, the queen’s reign will soon end, un less Richmond Trevethon is as great an idiot as hi3 father. I'll make it my business to give the young man a hint or two when he arrives.” And she nods severly toward Lenore. her black eyes twinkling with a grim humor that softens the asperity of her speech “ i’ll go to my room and make ready for the journey. We will go, and grill, and starve, and sleep on the ground like cattle, and mix with barbarians, because the queen wills and before a week ends the queen will come home, heartily sick of her folly and with her complexion finely tanned for her wedding “ ily wedding-day i ’ repeats Lenore, tos singjasido her book and stroking Bijou’s rs. “I’m' sick of the sound of it dear, I do wonder where the barbarous custom of marrying and being given in Marriage ever originated ?” " Why, in the Garden of Eden, to be sure,” laughs Sir Geoffrey. “ I onb\ wish it had ended there,” re torts his^ard. 11 Pray, Sir Geoffrey, ring the bell, and I’ll have Clotilde come and dress Sir Geoffrey rings and bows low to his ward, as if she were indeed a queen and him self her most devoted subject. And within an hour a large party leaves Lyndith Hall for the Scottish hills. Sir Geoffrey’s party have been in the neigh borhood of the baronet’s shooting- box some days before Lenore sees her way clear to ac complish the object she had in view, when she planned the excursion. It is a glorious morning, the sir'pure and bracing, the sunshine lying warm and golden over the purple moors and shaggy Miss Trevethon is out for along walk. She pauses, ankle-deep in yellow gorse, when the blue smoke from the shooting-box fades be hind the line otblack firs. " Clotilde^^|^taMU|AM&0|^ndnnt,11 we ure^aiii^^BHI^^^^Hjjj^^Btupid party w'T^r-stalking; r‘Tti'0 ue de,‘D!SSvantJtbe !iSf- B“3 come at fSm£' Hollow Grange." with a sudden st-rt, growing a shade more look at, is this coi wetion’s—a creature up of Borne awful crime, iPsorroir, miist have fallen. She is n ■T Jcb past her prime, yet her abundant b: is as white as snow, and there is a curio look inher introverted eyes,a sphinx-like mj tery in her frozen face, that suggests the co dition of a somnambulist. But Miss Trevethon is quite fond of th her ghostly companion, for since her ear est recollection, Clotilde has been wi her like her own shadow, and w*c grow love the creature with whom wo have bei long familiar, no matter how ungainly thi may be. Lenore loves this woman, who follows h day and night, with the dumb, watchful d votion of a dog; and if nt times, growii •mpatieut of her constant surveillance, tl young heiress trentkindly, she is iiuti£e^ter, ami be# her to repent the miuii_ don, which Clotilde kadily grants. T despite her sphinx-faedthe poor soul is t der and gentle, and devoted to her lov young mistress. v, " Black Hollow Grange, Miss -Tre thon?” ' . The words fell huskily from her ast “ Black Hollow Grange,” repeats Lenc vith a defiant laugh. “It is over yom •omewhere, in the midst of those black hi t shall be mire to gad it I: There, bold v< pence, Clotilde, I know what you would say. ! know all about the gruesome old house, .-.'nut up since the day and hour of that awful murder—I've heard all about the ghosts,and all that, but I'm goinginevertheless. I will go," and she brings down her pretty foot with decided emphasis. “I’ve longed to see the place all my life ; I think of it all day. and dream of it at night; I have a notion, Clotilde—I have had ever since I heard the awful story, a strange notion that if I can get into that old Grange, I shall find some due—” h 153 ^jeQore' ^or of Heaven, “And, wherefore? Why, Clotilde, you always are ghostly to look at, but now your face is like chalk, and your knees shake uuder you. What’s the matter?" “ Come home, Alisa Trevethon, I implore yon I” “Hot I! My opportunity has come, and I’ve waited for it too long to let it slip. I'm going to Black Hollow Grange !’’ "But Sir Geoffrey—if he should find out 1” Miss Trevethon snapB her slender white “ Sir Geoffrey won't eat us. I’ve asked him dozens of times to let me visit the old place, but he always frowned like an ogre, and said no. So did Lady Halstead. They don’teven know that I'm acquainted with the awful particulars of my poor mother’s murder and my father's strange disappearance, but I am. I know the whole story from beginning to end ; old Kisby told me everything. What an awful thing it was, Clotilde 1” Iler fresh young face whitens as she turns it toward her companion, and a shudder runs through her lithe frame. “l’es, an awful thing, Miss Lcnore; yon should never have benrd it, and yon must not think of it now. Come, let us go back.” “I wont; I’m going to Black Hollow Grange. As I said the notion haunts methat once there I shall find some clue by which to eo'vc the mystery of my poor father's fate, v I] ad iiii.c object aulely in view when I nlanned this excursion ; for once 1 have outwitted Sir Geoffrey. Come, we’ve no time to idle ; the station cannot be far away. We have tho day before us, and even if we do not succeed in getting hack to-night there will be no great harm done. Will you come, Clotilde? Do yon hear me ? Why, then, do you stand and gape like an idiot?” “I can’t go, Mis3 Trevethon.” “ Do you mean it, Clotilde ? Can it be pos* 3ible that at last, for once in my life, I am to be free of your shadow ? I am rejoiced at tho prospect, I assure you, and I bid you good morning!" The young lady turns on her heel with a scornful laugh, but Clotilde's tremulous touch detains her. ■ “ I beg your pardon, Miss Trevethon but I have tried to make myself uscEul to you all these years.” Iler while lips quiver and her eyes fill wiW tears. Poor, de3ofatc soul, bereft as she has been of every earth ly tie and forced to endure a living martyrdom, the one solitary comfort of her wretched life is her love for her young mistress. Lenore sees the pain in the poor meek face, and instantly repents of her unkind “ You have been useful, my poor Clotilde, and I would not be without you for worlds. There, forgive me, and do not take my silly words to heart." She gives her a carrcssing pat on the cheek with her slender, soft hand, as she con “ Come, now, we are friends again. Wo should never fall out., Clotilde, if yon would only keep in mind the fact that I always do have my way in the eml; and certainly- it would be wise to permit me to have it in the beginning, and thereby save your breath. “Miss Lenore, I cannot go. For the love oE heaven, do not think of visiting that awful place!” ,, Miss TrcTetbon’s swat anger blazes up afresh. “ Why not ? For fear of encountering the ghosts of my poor murdered father and mother?” she demands. “Heaven send 1 might sec them ! Alive or dead, in the body or out. thev would be most welcome. Why. Clotilde, you are actually shivering. What a coward" you must be. Or, perhaps,” she adds, struck by a sudden thought, “you know something of that terrible mystery ? I have long wondered wbat secret you carry locked up in your heart. It must be a dreadful one, judging from the look of your face. Is it con cerning the mystervof Black Hollow* Grange? Can it be possible, ‘Clotilde, that you know something and have kept it from mo all these The lYoman whitens until her face, is like ashes, and she utters a piteous, gasping “ Oh, Miss Trevethon, how should I know? It is cruel to think I do.” Lenore throws aside the hand that clutches r.t her arm. “ Perhaps.it i3 cruel,” she replies ; “ but, then, if you" know nothing of the mystery, you need have no fear of the ghosts. Ones fur all, will you come with me or not ?” " I cannot.” “ Then I shall go .alone.” “ Oh. Miss Lenore, stop I Ton must not. Sir Geoffrey would be so angry.” “Sir Geoffrey’s anger can cool; Stand aside, Clotilde!” She pushes her companion out of the way and walks rapidly onward, not deigning another word or glance. Clotilde follows, wringing her hands in an agony of distress. Lenore goes on nt a rapid pace. She has made up her mind to visit Black Hollow Grange at all risks, and in the teeth of all opposition ; and, like all her race before her, Miss Trevethon has an iron will. Presently the shrill shriek of a locomotive greets her ear, and she sees a thin cloud of smoke curling over the summit of a brown hill. The train is coming. She quickens her steps, her heart throbbing with pleasant excitement. A turn in the road brings her in sight of the way station, with its red flag fluttering in the breeze ; and Bhe succeeds in reaching the platform just as the snorting engine comes un. TO UE COXTIXUED, 