' THY PEOPLE ENGLAND.' [By John Watson, M.A., 'Ian Maclaren.'] ' When Thy people Ireael be emitten down before the enemy, because they have Binned against Thee, and shall turn again to Thee, and confess Thy name, and pray, and make supplication unto Thee in this house ; then hear Thou m heaven, and forgive the Bin of Thy people Israel, and bring them ogaiu unto the land which Thou gavest unto their fathers.'— 1 Kixas VIII. 33-31. My subject is 'Thy people England,' and I should say, since I believe people are sensitive, that ' England ' is, of course, used as the most convenient term for our Empire, since Great Britain does not include Ireland; and to use any term beyond Great Britain I think does not commend itself to one's sense of fit ness from its clumsiness. When Solomon dedicated the Temple of Jerusalem uuto the Eternal and offered prayer for all sorts and conditions of men, he declared with emphatic and impressive reiteration the ancient and historic unity of hiB people. Israel, according to this inspiring thought, was not a mere aggregate of individuals or a serieB of generations that followed one upon another. It was au organic whole. The generations of Solomon's time were the children of their fathers in the fullest sense, the heirs of their faith and loyalty, of their sacrifices aud achievements. In order that there might be a people patriarchs had lefb their own land to be as strangers in the country which God promised to give them ; prophets, judges, and kings had planned and toiled aud died. If they were in their capital, and to worship God in their Temple, it was the harvest of a great sowing ; it was the result of a great travail. The nation was not a heap of stones flung together ; no, nor even a stately building like this one in which we worship, but a tree whose roots wore struck into the past, and further than the post, into the eternal ; and whose over - spreading branches bore evidence to the life within and afforded a shelter to all around. When anyone dosiras to understand what is meant by a nation be had better look unto God's people Israel first of all, for they fulfilled tho two great condition? of national unity which have over to be grasped by every man, rich and poor, that belongs to tho common' wealth, And arc vmvten oe with ftro into tho commonwealth's coneoionoe. The first is faith in God, and no nation has over risen to greatness, and no nation, having arisen, has ever maintained ite greatness ex cept go far as it believed in, and publicly as a nation, and privately by individual^ aoknowludged Almighty God, There is this analogy between thu individual and tho nation, that an individual is notable to say 'I,' with any intelligence of what 'I' means, except iu God ; mi an individual is not «Me to nay 'X will,' with any force in tho will oxofpt in Goa, It is in tho Unseen ana ICtoniftl that wa rwdisD ourswlvan, It it in (ioi aIho that » wan realiww just and luGasiiivd fmxJow i that although then) to round about him «roat wateriul fwoes, they oannot crush him, and ho is Ivm from thorn wlthiti hm nuuI. kikewine. a nation it a body of people that ooinei to it« oon« scIouww#b in God, and whom alone trus and luting libertiui atand in God, Tiiit was the ruUMati that the Hebrew pruplieUb when they t»po)u- in the people, always iiftoa nationality ftbove a werb qiuwtlon uf (routier* and uf blood, and wont haok to the ilod who nailed Abraham, Umo, and JaooU and who, in tUogwtiwUun* wtwoen, had dtxihuwi Uwjmt unto tho ualional npul, 'i'how watt aooordiHg to thaw row-and th!t- i» w»u «f the giwd ntajatttfl national idma of J*»M and ought KKiVoed aw3 frti people I «»-* whuiTaay thai you thlnlt at twou of what i» iwyaUoal awl t Moal I -U-H $» tbeWea « the twmUm waVSer uiy»tlual uor thwWieai. tut what Zi»tii»i*w\»iU-r far, «th(oal, It wm tha ideatUat (u -3od -» *»'iw rltfhtwmmii*, and la Iwi&ti; the duty of obedhmw. and tW U-t- wtflMwIng of »n?*i--» «-»»)»»« 1» the wider, auudintf and (tilfllment of the law uf QoA. That wm tho oovauant-obedii'iiott to tho Uni word* «» tho part of the iwo|»U»» the duty of oi»a watt to itU neighbor a»d all to the ooiniuonwMltb j nnd on the iwrt of tbo Eternal, auooour iu time of dutrew, oo;». fort iu tlwe of borrow, and such jnwptwity as would be good for them. It is a fact in history — that law. The nations that fulfil their side have the blessings of the Eternal and the nations that break their side go crashing and rotting to their doom. The other condition of national unity with Israel was vocation. Therefore -the prophets were perpetually telling the people that their fathers had been called and blessed not for their own sake — and their is no man ever blessed for his own Bake, but for the sake of the man that is next him— that their fathers had not been called and blessed for their own sake, but for the sake of the world. They were the receptors of a revelation, and received the torch of truth to pass it down from hand to hand, and every man to blow it brighter as it went from patriarch to prophet, Irom prophet to psalmist, from psalmist to martyr, till the day came when the nation could be sent out, each man a torch-bearer, unto the ends of the earth, carrying the light of eternal truth. What was the message they were to carry to the world ? The message they were to carry to the world was — the unity of God to begin with, but I put it in its practical form — was righteousness. As the Greek was raised up of God to give us the sense of beauty, so was the Jew raised up to give us what is far better than beauty — the sense of righteousness ; and to write the ten words of Moses upon the con science of the individual and the conscience of the nation. As wo now look back upon the history of G od's people Israel we recognise the Divine purpose. Yes, though we be unbe lievers, we recognise a marvellous purpose and the marvellous beauty of the work to that end. They are a people separate from all other peoples to-day, and they are a people deserv ing to be honored of all peoples, for notwith standing the many faults that may to-day be flung in the face of a Jew he is one of the strongest and the fittest men upon the face of the earth. There is no nation that has not been the stronger through the Jew ; no nation that cannot learn from the Jew ; no city which has any just cause to complain of the Jew. Wherever I see them I recognise the people of God and pay them honor. But their mission is fulfilled and they now stand among the other nations, the brethren of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob having fulfilled their work and given the ten words uiito the world. It is only, as it seems to me, the merest fancy, and, more than that, in contra diction with the catholicity of humanity de clared by Christ, that they shall to the end be a people separate and distinguished. Their work done, they have stepped among the ranks of the nations, ever to be remembered for their father's and their work's sake. Gomes then the question — Is there any nation to-day that has, as it were, succeeded to a great and world-wide mission and a mission of the same practical and ethical nature as that which God gave to His people Israel ? A very important question, when you remember that God is the same yester day, to-day, and forever, and that the past, showing the purpose of the Eternal, is the guide by which you and I, wise folk or plain folk, can argue out the pur pose of the Eternal in the present. Is there any nation that has been secluded in its island home, and guarded round from other people so that the invader could not touch it ; is there any nation that within its own home, being men of mixed blood, has gradually been welded together by common human sympathy and common faith in God ; is there any nation that has gradually been led iuto a fuller sense of the truth of God, into political, and re ligious, and social liberty ; is there any nation Whose ordered and benencient freedom is the admiration of every people, of its enemies and friends alike ? Finally, is there any nation .whose members have gone unto the ends pf the earth and wherever they have gone have been able to teach, to govern, to give justice unto the nations placed under their charge ? There is only one nation of whom these things can bo said ; only one nation with whose history you can draw out this analogy to Israel, and that is the English people. 1 dare therefore say that any man reading the Old Testament Scriptures and any man believing in the providence of Almighty God ; any man, especially, believing that what God hath done in the past He doetn in the present and much more abundantly, is entitled to say 'Thy people England ' as truly, without rebate, as fully, as ever king, or prophet, or psalmist said 'Thy people Israel.' With the same mean ing and for the same ends is England God's people. Perhaps at the first blush of it it may seem to you almost profane, because you have been accustomed to place the Jew so absolutely by himself that nothing whatever in his history is to be applied to the history of other natiouB, And ao other nation ought to presume to occupy his place. Profane? We!!, then thews be two kinds of profanity. If that be pro fanity, I will venture to tell rou another bind, And I count it worse. It is to suppose that God is not the God of the present at all, but only the God of the past: (hat indeed His whole work is contained within the period which is given in tho history of the JMble. and that afterwards He spuds out no prophet, lie guides wo ruler of a nation, Ho works no ruiraalo, Ho makes not His way known in the pathways of history. It that faith r Where i» thy God then, ftud hast thou to travel wok to Jerusalem to find liim f Hast thou to seek Him in the Temple 1 It* Ho uot also in London, tlie capital of a yet greater people, always excepting tho unique revelation they may have given us? lie Is not the God of the dead, but of the living, He ia the living Clod, who workoth in tlto nut and workecu also in tho piwent | mid to deny thin, I take it, is immense profanity. To deny this is the vliiuag of national And personal uHuolftif. One, iiim-ovar, may have a fooling that it is arrogant that u nation should atwuuw to iualf to jnny in tue j»Hj»u»t day tlto volu of I«ft-4 in tho !M§t~tli-i row of giving I'iglttuammeM unto tlto world. l-i-t uk lay to heart that tjiore was nothing l» the call of ihtd to I»rMthut aught w Imvii intuit* any Uebimv proud with anything butf proper fmdo j for, O urotfiiwi, hM uud ovw giwn a Mowting to an IndiWduiil, }»»* Itw ovuf iriven » Mewinjr to h family, that imB «ot whtM with it an pnoruimi*, an flJmt»tamwM»mi»»whiHty? lb chm SmuuA, und m tutm-*o luou Ha WwsttHiwI !«iu4, fttwl tiiudtt Urjuiliuuui tliruiitfli » funiiwo |ioM«r tlmu that in which uny nation walkod. And why r 'i'Jml ImwI niiirht he liurltiud f»*r tho wurlc which jmwmI had fa do, th nutu oUt, lUut if any nation Una knhiy iu do U»o KjHt'iu) work of Him Ku*rmi} in tho world, that nation *4mll Imvti t*» miftVr ffli-st tfiab in ordi* that it m»y lx- ulwrnauJ | and that nation will Imvo tu- uauao to lw heavy. minded Ixwauwiof two great uurdou that »hul po 1(44 upon Itt wind *nd upon itt oonsolouw. When, therefore, 'we realise not in vain that England has this immense service to render to day for distant parts of the world that Israel did then, we are face to face with our sins. And this is a time to remember our sins. It is a good thing for a nation to understand how it stands, especially if it has such a work to do; and there are two sins which are being brought home to God's people in England in the present day. One of them is Pharisaism — the sin which afflicted Israel. Is it not, men and brethren, is it not a most significant as well as most painful fact that recent events in the wprld have shown us that we have hardly one, if we have one, cordial friend? Has it not emerged that if we be not hated we are at least disliked, and if we be not disliked at least we have not one love at the hands of neighboring nations 5 We cannot deny the fact, although we may rebel against the reason. We say that the reason is that we are so prosperous and so enterprising ; that we are so successful and pushing ; that our very success has filled other nations with miserable envy and jealousy. Perhaps we had better finish the matter by adding that we are so perfect and so good that they are also filled with envy and jealousy on that account, and then our self-conceit -will be complete. Ought we not rather to ask ourselves whether as a nation — and having had this great favor of the Eternal as I am urging — whether, as a nation we have borne ourselves like the ser vant of God ? Have we been as a nation courteous to foreign nations as we go by indi viduals through their midst ? Have we, in our literature and in our press, always done justice to foreign peoples and never blown our trumpet, our brazen trumpet, loudly in their faces ? Is our character such — tho charac ter 'which we have earned through centuries — such that a foreigner will at once appreciate the goodness that is in us ? Perhaps of all classes the one that most distinctly has given charac ter to England up to the present time is the middle class — the class which has been, no doubt, up to this time a great strength to the realm, but tho class which has, above all classes, a good conceit of itself. It, of all classes, per haps, has been to the present the most careful, the most irreproachable; and it has many sober and useful virtues, but I do not know that it has been lowly, and I do not know that it has been sympathetic. The other sin which we always realise in a national crisis, and at present, therefore, more than at other times, is the sin of Materialism., which also greatly beset Israel. While Israel was a handful of farmers Israel was more or less spiritual. When Israel became rich and increased in goods, you have only to read the prophets to note now the race for wealth entered and the power of the rich and the suffering of the poor made an unhappy and miserable nation. We have grown rich, and I (am told that we were never richer than at the present day. Rich in goods ? I pray you to define goods : and when we define goods how are they defined ? I think it is the money in the Savings Bank, which is very good so far as it represents thrift and intelligence, and the railways which we have made, which represent enterprise and the development of the country ; these things and many other things. But these in themselves are not the goods of a nation. No, not exports and im ports, and' population and money— these are not the goods of a nation. The goods of a nation are its intelligence; the goods of a nation are its integrity ; the goods of a nation are its charity ; the Roods of a nation are its high' and just spirit before God. Have you ever made a comparison between the England of Queens Victoria and Elizabeth ? for it seems there could be none between this enormously rich and smoky and toiling England and that poor England of Elizabeth's day; but it had greater writers than any man to day and it had hearts at least as holy as any hearts to-day ; and it stood for its freedom bravely and for the freedom, religious aud political, of the world, did that little England of Queen Elizabeth. Wherefore be uot too lifted up, but let us remember this, that if our nation ever decay, it will not be from any power from without or any unfaithfulness on the part of our God. It will Lo becauso some men have too much money and come other people have too little ; . and the west end of a city is one. place, and the east ei-d is another, and tbe west and the east they come not together. It will be becausa we are divided among our selves, and divided by the basest of all thincs— divided by money. No combination of Powers shall ever overcome England if England bo truo to herself, if England be true to her God, in justice between man and man, in charity and sympathy. When wen were poor in Rome tho riob and the poor loved oneanother. When they grew rich tbe city was wrecked. Wherefore wo have to look to thesu things ; and then, having looked to those things, I will dare £oy that if we repent and cleanse ourselves of our want of sympathy and oleauso ourselves of our greed aud pride, then I will dare Bay that this country need uot be afraid. I do not believe in a nation being afraid of anyone except the Eternal ; aud the fuar of God ia the beginning of wisdom. Let us realise ourselves and let us pray God to send us prophets that on (ha one hand will tell us our sins to our faces, hut on the other hand will tell us that the God of our fathers is our God too and that Ho will guide us and use us for the great ends of His urovideuoe, You any 'For what?1 There is no nation on the face of the earth tmn govern as Jiuglund out, with all the faults of ner won? and with all tho want of sympathy which they hIiqw many foreign rooos. 'i'mro is nobody just now in the world denies (lint Bur land cum govern—govern in tho highest emit*, too j nnt put nH'H merely in gaol and hold pooplw down by bayonets j no, uut (jiveordw tottflouHtjy, and e'tvo Justice to a country, nrutwt the mar from tho oppwiKor and put tbe Hoi) i»»n in hi* iriaeu. Other jwuoub have wot that power. Ttwy have failoa In it. both French mid Utwniui. with all tho biillianou of tho olio and all tho toiuntiflo achiowo iintnU of tho oilier t mid JSnglnnd \m mioauoiod, and Ut that end ehe i» Oodn iMtujtle, Ouiwidor what li«» hwui done nir India, unit thu work i» not yet (uiupluta, Oimsidw whftt l-&» Immii dono fur Afriea, Con tiidw what Unit iwun duuu Iw tiountriw that I cfttnuit uitnitimi, wliuw woiuou uotv aw «afo tuid whi'W thoro i* jMwoo and j)iot*jN-i'lt)', Uw Gowivora nro not (Uivayn loved \uimim\y, nut ImWiitf lita uruoUtuH niMinor Unit it would Ijq \w\\) wo hud, but tiioru in a Ixdiuf in thu juvtieo of KiM/iUh gtnvriHiwnt wh\oh to »i« in a inwt —one of tliupiwofa— thatwaro tJoil'» |*u»n1o Kntrlmul. 'JWttforo tut n»4u our workaittj not I*1 ftf mid, IM us hold to all tho heritage God wave ua (or thU cud and not allow it to l» ulum from our hand j not tueraly aud not at all vriuoinftlly for tho wUu of oouiwonM, but that we may do the work God gave us to do. To that end let us make any sacrifices, and to that end let us support the Government out and out, because it has a mission. That is patriotism raised up, not a base and mercenary patriotism, but a sense of an important work to do to which we have put our hands and which we must finish before set of sun. Ah, brethren, let us thank God for our fathers behind us and the way God lead us, Let us feel our great responsibility and en deavor to realise it by ourselves in our families and in our own liveaj tearing God and doing righteousness and so fulfilling the will of God. The God of Bethel, as we sing, shall be our God also, and to Him, Father, Son,, and Holy Ghost, one God, be glory, as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end, Amen. 