LYING IN WAIT FOR SPECTRES. -2 In a secluded little Essex village it was that the writer recently came across an individual who, in addition to being; a market gardener, was famous locally as it "ghost-clearer." His speotrc-vouting services are seldom now required. Apparitions appear each year less seldom than formerly to human eyes. But the man in question enjoys a huge reputation for weird services rendered in the past. "I've cleared some of the worst ghosts in the country," said he convincingly and they used to take a deal more getting rid of than they do now. When I first started there were scores of places, barns in particular, that were haunted. Bags of grain used to be cut and thrown about, and doors unlocked, so that animals escaped and were lost. There was even a haunted windmill that used to grind away on nights when there wasn't a breath of air stirring and the machinery was out of gear. But for the most part they were knocking and tapping ghosts that I had to deal with. How I came to take up the job was like this. An old farmer had died suddenly. His farm was put up to be let, but for a long time no one took it. Then when a tenant was found he quickly cleared out again. A ghost had entered into possession, which at intervals during the night knocked on doors or shutters, three slow and soft and then three quick and loud knocks. The owner offered half-a- sovereign to anyone who would spend a night on the premises, and I agreed to do so. I took with me a lantern and a thick ash stick, and when about 11 o'clock the others left me I sat just inside the open door listening. About ten minutes after midnight there came the knocks, seeming about half- way across the room. At once I knocked back, and silence followed. About 3 o'clock they came again. I answered, and did so once more just as it was getting light. Other people had previously heard the noises continuously all night long. But the ghost hadn't gone. He was at it again next night and after watching for four nights and knocking back each three times, I began to think the ghost meant to stop there, when the idea occurred to me to sit in the dark and see if I could see anything. Punctually at 12 came the raps. I waited. They were immediately repeated, and then I answered. A terrific knocking at once began, so loud as to nearly stop me ; it got fainter and fainter, and died away to nothing and was never heard again. And that I've found is necessary in all ghost-clearing jobs-you must be alone, and in complete darkness. Have I ever seen a ghost ? Can't say that I have. There's two sorts of them, you know ; the ghosts that haunt old mansions, which glide about and can be seen, but never create the _ slightest noise save a faint rustling and those which cannot be seen, and that yet give knocks and throw things about and do damage. I once wanted to lay ' one of the first sort ; but when I went to the country seat where it walks in a corridor, the master said that he valued the spectre as much as the avenue of elm trees on the splendid hall for which the place is also noted, and wouldn't have it interfered with for worlds. Do I believe in them? Most certainly I do and so do many others, or I shouldn't have made what I have by clearing them. Yes, sometimes, of course, they're frauds. There wasoneghostthatdrove away a poultry farmer by a dreadful moaning at night. The man took to sleeping somewhere else and whenever the ghost was heard some of the poultry would next day be missing. I offered to try and I clear the place, and was allowed to make the attempt. A window was left unfastened for me to enter by, and I hadn't been in many minutes before I heard quick footsteps in the empty kitchen, and then a long whispering followed. A smell of tobacco smoke reached me. An hour passed. Then footsteps approached. Feeling sure that I had human beings to deal with, I scrambled silently out of the window again, and crouched in the bushes outside. A second later a dark form appeared at the window. It raised a long cardboard come to its mouth and produced the, by that time well known, weird moaning sound. Immediately I put my hands round my mouth, and as loudly as I could, imitated the wail. There was a sudden well, answered by another from the kitchen. The ghost')' leaped into my arms, where I held him till I had recognised him as a poulterer's assistant from the town. That little business brought me five pounds" ______________ 