'' MISPLACED - CONFIDENCE.' '>/: : A':v. -v «a & : ;?AT MODERN GHOST. ,BTOKY«, fetwid siw fy - attlie footof my bed. 1 Although somowhst Bturlled, I was not tha least bit frightened. . I recognised his oolonir.l countcn'nhco at onoo by tho portrait of him tbat Wore the" stories hnndod down 'to ma of . ing goad nuturo end liis genial wit. In the lung lonesome ovonings that I was wont to pass in revcrio over my cigar, iny mind had frequently dwelt upon my gubernatorial ancestor, and I often found myself wishing, if suehatbing wore _ possible, tbat ho uugbt roturu ugain and holp ' roc boar my solitary life, Perhaps it was this . feeling for him grown up in my heart tbut attracted the old goutlcman to mo at last, and so glad was I to sob htm that 1 half nnoan- sciously roso up in bed and reached forwnrd to grasp him by the hand. Then realising my . mistake, I sank back und wailed for him to speak, 11 Bon," he said &t; last, " how docs it seem to seo your third great grandfather ? " " I am simply delighted," I replied. His bonest face almost glowed in tho darknoss. " I thought you would be," bo said. " I have always been very fond of yon, and the prospect of visiting you for an indoflnito time is vary pleasing to mo." ; " Then you intend to remain ? " I inquired. : "I do," responded tho governor, " if you will help mo out, or rnther," ho added with a bumorona'twiuklo in his eye, " perhaps I should say if you will lmlp mo in." i" " How can it bo done ? " I naked. "Easy onough," he replied. "On my way here this evening, about half a mile down the ' road which leads to your house, 1 camo aoross a tramp asleep behind a Urge oak treo. He was a strongly-built fellow, unkempt of course, but tharc is a good foundation to build on, and if we con got him to give up his body to me, wby, my lad, 1 can pay you quite a lengthy visit. Put on your olothes at once, and let's sou what wo eau do with the fellow." " I'll do it," I replied. I hastily dressad,loft the house, proceeded down the road according to the governor's directions,' and soon I stood by tbe sleeping form of the trump. Dirty was no name for his condition, lwokobitnup. Ho was inclined to be belligerent at first, but under tho governor's unseen influence he quieted down. ' Well, ho queried alupidly, at last, " what's wonted f " " You are," I said. It took him somo time to comprehend just what I desired him to do, but flnnlly a dim Idea of it camo into his mind. " What I want you to do," I said, is to tot mo uso your body, I bavo a friend who wants it." " What am I going to do ?" asked tho tramp. "Yon will simply bo relieved of your physical framework," said I. " No work, and you can float around at your own sweet will." " Any baths there ?" inquired tho tramp anxiously. " Certainly not, I replied scornfully. " You can do as you please. Don't even have to eat. No exertion .whatever. JuBt float and float." " I am pretty well satisfied where I am," said tho tramp. " Sure about tbat floatin'?" " Dead sure," I replied. " Sure there ore no baths ?" ho asked again. ' « Certain," I replied. > " Well," said ho reflectively, " I don't mind trying it for a week. That flouliu' business catches mo," I then explained to him that ho must remain in n passive stnto, which being his natural con dition, was an easy thing for him to do. In a few moments his body twitched slightly, he gave a convulsive shudder and 1 know then by the change in tho voice that my ancestor had arrived. " Son," ho exclaimed joyfully, as ho grasped mo (Irmly by tho hand, " I am with you at last. I hope you will excuse my personsl nppenranco, but this is easily remedied." "You shall ceo my tailor at onoo," I loughcil, ' struck by. his grotesqueness, and we walked book to tho house, where we sat up tho rest of ' tlio night nnd talked over old times, or rather the governor talked and I listened. What a week it was tbot followed ! A week overflowing with good fellowship, a week full of old-time reminiscences, a week that stands t ab in tbe calender of my life in bright and shining ob erectors. Tho governor's face bad changed from tho sinister expression that was onco the trnmp's, and bis gonerous and kindly spirit had illuminated this travel-stained body until it was fairly trunsflgurcd. Thus does mind control matter- . , . On tho seventh night of my ancestor a visit, wo were Bitting in tho library talking, when, moved by somo sudden impulso, I know not what, I excused myself nnd wont into iny own bedchamber. All was dark there, and before I had timo to strlko a light, I found myself con fronted by tho spirit of the tramp. It wss easy for mo to see that ho was ia no very agreeable humour. " You are a'flno friond for a man to have,- Said ho. "What's tho matter?" I asked, somewhat surptisod by his appearance. ' You're a nice blnke !" be wont on, circling around me iu a gathering rago. " You're a line specimen to promise me thore were no butbs," ho continued, shaking with suppressed wrath. « Say, I give you my word I hadn't ' hcon'lonso hnlf an hour bofora i floiteil into a hath, and a Turkish bath at tbrji. Say, I haven't done nothiu' but take baths for the last weok. You wait," ho shrieked, now in an ecstasy of passion, "you wait until I got back into my body. I'll moke things lively for you." " But, my dear sir," I remonstrated, " how was 1 to know ? Besides, " Tor a auddeu thought struck me, "it'a your owu fault, anyway. v It's ull duo to your previous life. You didn't bathe, you know, hunce., this is your tdrmant. Ha I ha I " and I gave a fcebie imitation of a lough, and started te ohuclc blm'in the ribs, but thought hotter of it. ) " Huts 1" ho oxolaimod. "You don't know what you . aro talking about. I siipposo," he 'sncored,)" that you mean to say this is my hall. What aVe'you giving mo ? Ob, 'you wait ! " he yelled in a paroxysm of passion, " I'll make it hot for you. Where ia bis giblets ? « ". He's, in tho next room, learning, how to smoke," I replied, " Come, old man, calm down, it will be all right. Now—"' But 1 realised that he was gone, and in an «gouy of fear I hastily followed. Tho doar old man that I learned so well to lovo was sitting in his favorite arm chair in the library, his foot cooked up on tho taklu, taking whiffs from a time-honoured pipe that I had preseutcd to him ouly tho duy before. IIo might have beou siok with the tobacco with somo bodies, but not with that of tho tramp. He made a One ploturo, as ho lay back com- fiirtbbly in tha chair, liis wonderful soul, still on youthful as whan ho wss a rollicking boy, shining out under tbe shaggy eyebrows of th .tramp, "My lad," ho Baid, as I on'ored, "this Is luxury. This is— " i The rest of his utterance was lost in a volloy pf, oaths from tbo tramp, who had, in this triof momont of relaxation on tbe governor's part, tnkon advantage of bim, and thus triod to gain possession of his own body. Buch a sccuo as that I liopo cover to witness again. Occasionally tbe governor's voice, muffled but clear, coul-I be heard calling to mo for help only to be drowned by the bourse articulation of the tramp. ; Upon the threshold of ths room I' stood footed to the spot, potritlod with fright, realising perfectly tbat should tbo tramp once of me. And thou as I stood there with fixed eyes, gazing upon this fearful ghostly tragedy, there came to mo, like tho . flunk of a to tho writhing and tortured body and grabbed it by tho arm. Tho tramp roaisted but tho door and thence down the' hnlhray to tho batta- my restored ancestor, dripping as he was, olasped mo in his arms while tho grateful tears camo to his glad eyes as ho exclaimed : " Son, you have savod my life !" And ns tho spirit of the baffled tramp rushed by me to the hallway, ho shook bis vnporous list in my faco, and era he fled out into tho night, I heard him muttering to himself : "Well, this is 