" HUE on mims pi: "Have you eeei my wlfet about any-, where, Acheson? I can't' think where Ehe has sot to. fhe's dancing, and she has never been ksown to enter the sup per- room till the Vail was ovgr .apd he . horseS'Were catchhg1 their dra-tii ofcoiai at'-theldoor. . I dont know where gbe is( to be found." A ghost 'df a'smllt flitted over Colonel Acheson's face, as the husband of the pretty Mrs Arthur Wint6n; who" had just made his appearance on' the .scene In action of a crowded ballroom, made inquiries as to his vife's whereabouts. It was not to be expected that he should enlighten the newconer, though be was quite capable- of dolrg so, for not five minutes ago lie had seen RoseTVInton's blonde head and Jim Duncombe's black one in unnecessarily .close proximity in one of thbse cosy comers prepared by thoughtful hostesses for the comfort of weary dancers. The;, were in shadow, for a big palm spread wide fronts over tiie fair head and the dark one, and' a Calren't screen hung with Eastern dra peries isolated them from the rest of the . world. Colonel Acheson .was no spy. but he could not Jielp seeing them as he passed, and wishing, as lie did so. that Jim Duncombe's latest fancy had not been for his friend's wife. All the some ho answered Win ton's reiterated inquiries with diplomatic vagueness: "Oh! she's sure to be all right. You'll come across her sooner or later;" and then the music began to play again, and like flocks of birds the dancers once more fluttered into the ballroom attracted by the dreamy, languorous melody of the Sven- gali Waltz as it rose aiid-'fell. Last of them all came Mrs Winton and D < combe to 'dance divinely" Willi the OU ors, and to become, partly on account of their, supreme good looks, and partly by reason of the magnetic attraction they appeared to have fpr each other, the cynosure of all eyes. Arthur. Winton and the Colonel stood watching them as they waltzed to the sweet, melancholy notes of the song so beloved bv Trilby and her friends. "Oh!. don't you remember sweei Alice, Ben Bolt?" hummed Arthur just under his breath. 44Ah! that was a wife to have had. Acheson," he said, laughing, but with just an under-current of sad ness in his mirth. ' "She wept with delight when you gave her a smile, And trembled with fear at your frown." —"I'm not -certain I would have fancied that sort of woman." said the Colonel, in gruff but kindly tones. "I never could care for any one who always harked to my hallqa/' , "Hjbw do you d»i. Mrs St. Ieger?" paid both -the "both men at.once as a tall graceful woman, with a pale face, and a high tiara of diamonds crowning a sleek brown head.- came up to them. She shook hands coolly with Colonel Acheson. and with a great deal more friendliness with -TVinton — indeed, there was perhaps a trifle more than mere friendliness in the expression of. the russet-brown eyes that looked at .him so steadily from under their dark lashes. "I see'Rosie is dancing hard — having the .best of rim6s« ap usual," said Mrs St. Leger, who had every right, as a bosom friend of Mrs Winton's, to be interested in her proceedings. "Oh,' an .excellent time!" answered Arthur cheerily. He was the last man Iri the world to wear his heart upon his sleeve, even for Mrs St. Leger's benefit. "Shall we follow their example, and have a turn?" And soon they were dancing to the measured rhythm of the waits of many memories. It was not wonderful that her hus band's eyes should turn so often. in the direction of his pretty wife, for at this time of her career all men's eyes seemed to follow Mrs Arthur "Winton with ad miration whenever she appeared on the scene. She was so bewitchingly pretty, with the very sort of looks that appeal most to the masculine heart. There was no tragic grandeur about her, no severe and classical regularity of face or form; but -she was fair and blooming, as befit ted a namesake of the Queen of Flowers. She had. "a face made out of a rose," and a sweet, charming, childish expression and smile. The world in general, ( and her kind friends in ' particular, called her fast. . But,jif.so..there was -nothing premedita ted in lier bad behavior ar.d if she erred at all, it was from sheer high spirits and gaiety of heart. If all men loved hr, she loved them too In return, but not very much; and, though few would have given her the credit for it, she preferred her silent,' undemonstrative husband to them all. As for him, the statuesque beauty he held In his arms just now could not distract his atten tion for onei moment from the fairy- looking creature, crowned with roses, who looked so charming as she danced with Jim Duncombe, The waltz ended at last, and then came the usual stampede of dancers hurrying from the ballroom to rest, to sup, and, iii many cases, to flirt. "Let's sit out somewhere, Mrs Win ton." whispered Jim Duncombe, as he led his pretty partner up the somewhat steep staircase, each step of which was already appropriated. The landing was cool, .the HghGpdlscreetly -shaded; but, tolasVthey «weie;not the first to discover that haven, for two or three loving couples were there before them, a state of affairs that did not suit Duncombe at 'all. - 1 : "This way, Mrs Winton," lie said boldly, and as If he had the map of the house by heart, while he led her up some more stairs to a large and, npt j?articu- larly well-lighted room. The door was. open and he did not scruple to go In. It was atnice enough room, with a line of cupboards' on two sides of it, but, as the most important article of furniture seemed to be a large sewing-machine, the1 natural -'conclusion .was that it was the work-room o£ their hostess's lady's maid, and that these presses contained her .ladyship'® dresses. However, there was one fairly com- fdrtable'armchair forlflrs Winton, and a man so much in love as Jim Duncombe was not likely to think of fatigue or to care whether he sat or stood! Mrs 'WtoUya did not quite understand that she was indiscreet to be up tbere at ali, and that in fact she was playing with -flrel i3ut as her companion could do nothing but stare at her, and hardly .geemed to take in what she was. saying, ;She.niight have guessed at the truth. We ought not to be 'here, Jim;" she said merrily, not knowing she was speaking -to deaf ears. "No! I don't mean that I am -afraid of Lady Vaughan's maid, though I should be -sorry. j£ she found us in her room, but Arthur would be mad 4f he kqew where I was. Tee, Jim, road! Tou know ho 'one gives him the credit for being jealous, because he looks so quiet and calm and indifferent, and he never would condescend to worry' 'or' bother Vne; but he has a horror of what he calls hoje- an(|-cpmer flirtations, and he would (be! 'awfully annoyed it he came up and saw me4iere— with you/' "she added, coquet- tishly. A word, aJook is -often enough at such moments to open the sluice-gates of pas- £on, and the little upward glance with Which her remarks were accompanied, not to .mention the touch of a small hand on flils arm, .wqre tpo.mpch for jfltp. The next moment she was in his arms, and he was kissing her passionately. i Just tor a moment slife jby surprise, and then she pushed him away violently. "Oh, Jim! how" dare you . liaw dare you? I shall never speak to you again. -:I— listen, listcn-I do be-, lleve someone is coming." With blanched cheeks and an expres sion of genuine alarm she listened in- « tently. Footsteps could, be heard aSs— tinctly on -the uncarpeted boards of the narrow passage leading -to, tbe roorri, ' and, worst <of all, the volces| that fell op their ears were weU-known and familiar ones. ' . "My huteband! Cecil St. .Leger! Oh, what are we to dp?" she gasped, looking round the room wildly to discover an other outlet that was not to be found. "I know," and (iuick as thought she unlocked one of the doots of "the long line of cupboards displaying'? she did so a vista of gorgeous gowns liung, up- bv the heels. "Come in— quick, qfiick! Jim. you must!" She was In before she could remonstrate, 'and 1here was noth ing for him to do but to follow her. . / He was not in hiding a iplnutc too soon, for they had hardly managed to got the' door shut- before the new ar rivals entered the room. "What a dear little Toom !" said Mrs St. Leger, in Iter soft, purrine tones, "and bov nice to set out of the hurly- burly for a feiv minutes! . You verc Oliver to bring ine here — Arthur. Arthur, indeed ! Half buried as she was- in the voluminous blue' velvet folds or one ot Lady Vaughan's gowns, Mrs Winton was able perfectly to bear her 50-called friend call her husband by his Christian name, and she did npt. like it at all. a . , "Dear me," went on .the lady outeicic, who was certainly nristreNs of the situa tion, "some one hah been here -before us and has left her fan behind her," pick ing, un, as sbe spoke. . a lovely pink feather fan from the floor. "It is vei\v like dear Eosle's lovely fan, but of course it can't be hers" A measured click- click told its owner that Mrs .St. Leger was fanning herself with the article, in question, "I wish T had pucji a prottj fan," she continued pathetically. "Now I limk at it again. T am certain it must be Rostc's. 1 She is a careless little darl ing. but she has ber own way in e\er\\- thing. and can afford to he careless. I alwavs call her the luckiest girl I know." "Lucky ! What is 'she so lucky in?" asked her husband. "Ah! Now you are fishing for a com pliment." said Mrs St. Leger. and.Rosie could imagine the smile that would ac company her friend's words. 'Til tell vou. Arthur." earnestly, and as if the truth must be told at all hazards, "she is lucky because she has. the best, the kindest, the most unsuspicious husband I in the, world. Dc-ar Rosie means no harm, but not one man in a thousand would ?tand the way she goes, on." A-s Mrs St. Leger uttered , these words, the half-stifled Duncombe felt . his fel low prisoner give an impatient move ment, and a great jet tassel hit him full jn the face. He was smothered in' some thing soft and fluffy, a bunch of rib bons tickled his nose, and he began to wonder how long he could possibly hold out. It was now Winton's turn to speak. "I suppose I am easy-going." he said. In curiously distinct tones — "a fool, in fact. .But it has never seemed worth my while to make a fusSv'/Kosie is a nice little thing, and I am very fond of her; but after a bit a fellowwants mpre than that. Cecil— one wants a woman who has a soul, and I'm not over cer tain that Rosle has one at all." Mrs Arthur could hardly believe her cars. Could this, indeed, be her hus band who was discussing her so calmly with her particular friend ? No won der that the jet ornaments that adorned some pendent gown were set once more in motion, and her companion's face was peppered by them as if he had been caught in a hailstorm. » " Poor Arthur," murmured Mrs. St. Leger. after an artistic pause, 44 you de served a better fate. Dear Rosie can't help being frivolous and shallow. She was born to papilloner la vie, but you want something more than that. Like so many of us, you want >vhat you can't get." "How well you understand me, Cecil!" said Arthur, in strangled tones, that sounded in his wife's ears full of emo tion. "There is but one woman in the world for every man. and' he generally meets her too late. It won't stand talk ing about." Such was not Mrs St. Leger'9 opinion. She would have hked talk like tiiis; to have gone on all night, and. though" she was ready to believe that Winton only suggested that they should go down stairs because he was not sure of him self in her fascinating society, for her part nothing would have pleased "her more than an impassioned declaration of love and admiration from him. It surprised her' somewhat to find his manner waxing cooler and cooler with every step they took downstairs, and that he seized the earliest opportunity of leaving her once tliey had reached the ballroom, but she consoled herself by thinking that for her sake alone he wished to keep up appearances. The sound of their footsteps had hardly died -away on the ears of the captives before Mrs Arthur pushed open; with no gently hand, Uxe -door of her temporary prison, and stood free once more. Her pretty little face, usually so sweet and smiling, was now flushed, . angry and much perturbed j' and riie had the appearance — frock and all — of having been packed for -some time in too. tight a box, and of having got rather cruippled in 'the, prpcess. As for lier companion, with his hair on end, and his complexion of a deep shade of crimson, 'heald' not look at all like the cool and collected Jim Duncombe of the earlier part of the 1 pvening, aud if he expected some com pensation, or evew si'mpathy, .he was wofully disappointed.: , ' His lady love stamped her foot at him. In some mysterious way she proved that it was all his fault that they had been shut up in the cupboard at all: and then, her mood suddenly changing, she told bim that she had had enough of this dreadful 4 ball, and' in , heartbroken accents, andwlthhfer blue feVes suffused with tears, she asked him to sec her to her carriage,, which, oq the- whole, he was not veiy sorry to do. For some days after the ball Mrs Ar thur Winton seemed very unlike her self. She was dull, depressed, and just a little out of humor, although, to her secret annoyance, her husband, If he noticed any change in her, forebore to make the -slightest remark: His Rose drooped her pretty head, but he displayed neither .anxiety nor sur prise, a state of matters that did mot please her at all. ' ' At last she could stand It no longer, but, forgetful of the fact that she had J not been supposed Jq assist at his tete- a-tete with her frlend. fehe reproached him for his flirtation with Mrs St. Leger. as;d accused him of having foupjl fault- with her conduct to Ceml. I\ f V. "I do know, as it hAppeifs,'' onuwered Arthur Winton, pleased that his wife had taken so much to heart ,his sup- osed treachery to herself, "and I will jtsll you fairly -that you -and jEUjncombe don't know how to play the' gameof hide aqjl seek at all. Why, IJ heard your voices the other night at the ball before I got to that upstairs room. We found your fan there. Teven saw your pretty little - fingers"— and here he .kissed their rosy tlpsrrr"pulling to.thejCupboarddoor. If Mrs St. Leger wafi.ifipt the most self- absorbed woip&n; In the world, she .must have found you out too. However, she did not do that; she only believes that I am madly in- love with her. She Is wel come toVlhkwHathe likes, soribfig as Vou, my little Rose, know better, and so long as I am sure of -.you, in spite of this lasjt escapade, which, all things consid- Airv>fi wnR nnt reallv an 'atnusiiig ono/« "World/'. . 1 . ' 