SPORTING-; < The'. Mount Pleasant 'Baring Club" have issued a programme for a meeting to be held on'. Mr. Phillis's estate, Updown Park, on Monday,, February 17. ' There are five events on. the programme, for which entries must be made with the hon. secretary i(Mr. W. H. Codrihgton) not later thanS p.m. on Saturday next, February 1. Weights declared February 5 ; acceptance due February s. The sales of booths and'gates will take place on February 4. 'The' Alma South race's took place on Wednesday, J"anuary 22. There was a good attendance.- -The programme was well carried out, and there were some very closely contested finishes.' .Tin's being the first meeting of the club they .'are to be congratulated on their suc cess.' The following were the results:— Maidens—Don, 1; The Ghost, 2. Alma South Handicap—Dollar, 1'; Bomba, 2 ; St. Helena, 3\. Handicap Trot—Bismarck, 50 yards, 1; Professor, 200 yards, 2. Limited Handicap — Tarlee, 1; ..Club, 2. Consola-; tion Handicap—The' Ghost, 1; St. Helena, 2\. Hacks—Ceres,!; ,D'on,2. Mr. C. Francis acted as judge and Mr. J. Walsh as starter. . The secretary of the Petersburg Race Club desires us to state, that U.Z. was omitted from the Totalizator Handicap in the nominations for that club's meeting. _ . It will be seen by our Melbourne wires this morning that Mostyh and Destiny have been scratched for the Newmarket Handicap, and Mostyn also for the V.A.T.C. Autumn Cup. A correspondent, over the. signature of "Interested," writes: — " Sir —-Can you answer me the following questions:—1. What was the cause of the' Melbourne entries for Onkaparinga not being made known to the public for more than 24 hours after .the time of receiving them at Woodside V .2. Is it true that they were received at Woodside early next morning, after the day of entries? 3. And if they arrived at Woodside in the morn ing, why was the fact not made public before 9 o'clock in the evening ? 4. When did J.O.I.'s nomination arrive at Woodside, and why did his name not appear in any of our Adelaide papers? 5. Is it true that Doric has been entered for the Steeple, _ and why has his name not appeared in the papers?" [We have had other complaints on the same subject, and it appears to us it would be a better plan when another season comes round for Mr. von Doussa to use an office in the city, and close his nominations at 4 p.m., the same as other prominent clubs are in the habit of doing.—Sr. Ed.] ! The friends of the late Ben. Chasto'n, who died from injuries sustained in a Steeplechase, in which he was riding Elastic, have erected a very chaste monument to his memory over his. grave in the ceme tery. It is an ornamental shaft or pillar of marble on four bases of the same material, standing on a freestone founda tion, the whole being about 0 ft. high, and bearing a suitable inscription. The grave _ is surrounded by a white enamelled fence with marble slips between, and the work has been very well executed by Mr. R. W. Gurr, of Sturt-street. Martini, the winner of the Maidstone Han dicap at Maribyrnong on Saturday, is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at 6 st. S lb. The Martini-Henry gelding was well supported, and won in'a canter from Lottie and bcarpia. The latter was again entrusted with a lot of coin, and started favorite, but once more he failed to show his true form. With the V.R.G. Autumn meeting close at hand matters turfy are beginning to show signs of animation, says the Flemington cor respondent of the Melbourne Herald. Mon day morning being a comparatively "off" one there was not very much done, if one or two gallops be excepted! Shortly after 5 o'clock Parthia showed an improvement on her Mari byrnong form on Saturday! by covering seven furlongs on the sand in l.min. 35 sec., and going on completed a mile inside 1 min. 49 ■ sec. Alone went the first six fur longs, and Sway brought her home. Patron, assisted by Bouvardia the .first half-mile and Palmetto the . last four furlongs of a 'mile gallop on the tan, got to the end of it comfortably in 1 min. 53 sec. The son of Olga was ridden by Chris. Moore. Hova, looking ui capital condition, went nicely over a mile on . the sand, the last six furlongs of which he traversed in 1 min. 24 sec. Disparity, rattled over three furlongs on the sand in 39^ sec., and Jubilant, was just inside even time over a furlong further. Mischief galloped a strong mile and a half on . the sand track, which she. got over inside 1 min. 47 sec! Regent went with the, daughter, of Commotion for a mile, when he was beaten. off. Danbydale and Silverlocks slipped over a merry. half-mile and the latter getting away with her tiny pilot completed five furlongs in 1 min GJ sec. 'Carl ton made his' reappearance and cantered gently on hhe sand track,'as!;'did the Carbine filly Ammunition. Warpaint, Homespun, Gehenna, Destiny, Trent, Eiridsforde, Wolf, i Gratiano, O'Trigger, Aurelius, Cohort, Glen coe, Interlude, Barleycorn, Mon Ami, J.O.I., Captain Swift, Dunlin^ Warqtah. .Vagrant, and a host of others all did steady work.. -! The Maribyrnong stewards had their hands tolerably- full on' Saturday,, when there were no fewer than three enquiries, two of which occurred in connection with the Hurdle, Race, but the explanations given were satisfactory. These enquiries, however, culminated by the stewards dropping down heavily on the Pot-8 os contingent, the horse, lessee (T. Wilson) and jockey (A. Smith) being disqualified for six months for suspicious practices in connection with the Jumpers' Flat Race, for which Pot-8-os, Borderer and Aurelius were the only : competitors. . Notwithstanding (re marks the Age) that Borderer and Pot 8-os met on precisely similar terms as when they ran a;' dead heat at Mentone, the former opened .a strong odds oh favorite, whereas a liberal price was obtainable about both his opponents for!the. asking. It was noticeable that Pot-8-os ran extremely -wide all through the race, and at the home turn let up Borderer on the inside, a fact which the stewards deemed deserving of the punishment noted. The V.R.C. committee contemplate the re vision of the lists of stewards of various clubs, with a .view to the removal of the names of gentlemen who, though allowing their names to appear, do not attend and perform their duties at the various meetings of .the clubs. 