.'II8M0\4I(E!> l\ (IIIVA, iVHAT they do. AN AUSTRALIAN IN CHINA. tC'.-ncluded from last week.) The reviewer, relying on Dr. Morri son's "facts," then offers some conjec tures as to the reasons: for the alleged failure of missions in China. The first reason alleged is the large number of "cr-ote " ouH ri£.rr.l£>vit"V of the Chinaman in trying to decide which is the best. This is a popular delusion, but it is a delusion. There are missionaries of all Churches in Chi na, but they work together for a com mon cause. In 1S90, a representative conferenece, including members of all these missions, met in Shanghai, and for ten days discussed a large variety of questions of policy and methods of work. There were differences of opin ion, but it is safe to say that the cleav ages were not along denominational lines. There are permanent Commit tees on Scripture translations and other subjects, in which Baptists and Presby terians, Episcopalians, and Congrega- tionalists. Lutherans and Methodists all work together in harmony, and are quite forgetful of their differences. As to the Chinese hearer of our preaching, he is usually unaware of there being any difference. When he comes close enough to distinguish, he describes the various missions as American, British, ji oeriiiu.il. uuuii lijui uiuei euces eiuue his observation. So much is this the case, that the chief difficulty in this line of things is that one finds it hard to make him reaiise, when necessary, that there is a difference between Ca tholic and Protestant Missions. The reviewer makes another effort to explain the alleged failure of missions in China, by attributing it to a lack of adaptation of the missionaries' teaching to native ideas. But if the mission aries offer "free rations" to all who will accept them, this can hardly be. No thing could he better adapted to "na tive ideas." He alleges that Christian ity was introduced into the world in old days by adapting it to Gentile creeds. This, too, we must deny upon contem porary testimony. Demetrius, of Ephe- sus, thought very differently. The Jews of Thessalonica declared that the Chris tian teachers had "turned the world up side down;" while Tacitus described them as the "enemies of the human race." The alleged "adaptation" is not in evidence. But it is said that the missionaries excite enmity and con tempt by going now "on the opposite tack." The old "tack" was so offensive that missionaries were slaughtered ail over Western Asia and Europe, and the new "tack," we are told, is still more offensive. Truly, the world is hard to please ! But again, let us have the facts. Does this traveller, or does his reviewer, really know whether the mis sionaries "adapt" their teaching or not? The reviewer may be a Sinologue, but the traveller has told us that he knows no Chinese. Has either ever heard a missionary sermon or conversation in Chinese, or read a missionary tract in Chinese? If not, how do they know ? It is to be feared that they have gone into the witness box to repeat empty hearsay, the current cant of anti-mis sionary criticism, being themselves scandalously ignorant of the subject on which they profess to offer expert evi dence. The fact is that missionaries do adapt their teaching, in its form, to Chinese thought and feeling. The lan guage alone would compel them to do so.. Constant association with native preachers, whom they unconsciously imitate, leads to the same result. The question has been raised among mis sionaries, as matter for serious self- questioning, whether they have not gone too far in "adaptation." It is to be feared that there are many native Chris tians who have heard so little of the defects of Confucius that they still quote his words as an end of all strife. And from Buddhism have been borrow ed so many of the current phrases of religious thought, that it is to he feared that Christian teaching sometimes seems to gather a Buddhist coloring from the language in which it is couch ed. But, they say, the missionaries tell the Chinese that " idolators and all liars, their part shall be in the lake that burneth with brimstone and fire." The words are an inaccurate quotation from Rev. 21, 8, and if ail that is meant is that- we have allowed the words to stand in the Chinese Versions of the New Testament, as they are in the Greek text, we must, no doubt, plead guilty. It has not been thought right, in translating Scripture, to carry adap tation so far as to omit or alter parts of the original text. But if it is alleged that missionaries single out this text as one specially useful in preaching to the Chinese, again the statement is a baseless one. It is suggested that this is -the text relied on in dealing with an cestor worship, but in a pretty long ex perience we have never heard it so used. Nor is it true that "The China man who acepts Christianity is also asked to believe that his fa-ther and other ancestors have perished eternal ly." The missionary does not presume to make any statement about the eter nal destiny of the ancestors of -his hear ers. But the illustration is most un happily chosen for its purpose. For if he did teach that their ancestors have perished, then, indeed, he might claim to have adapted his teaching to their thought It is the Chinaman who has not accepted Christianity who believes, universally and Inevitably, that his fa ther and other ancestors " have perish ed, whether eternally or not will de pend on the number of the descendants and their care for, or neglect of the of ferings to the dead. A well-known Chi nese dictionary defines "demon," or "devil," in this way — "Devil; — that is what men become." Not bad men, but all men. The ancestral offerings are designed -to alleviate the sufferings of these poor ghosts, who are thought of as in prison. It is hoped that the offer ings will so far mitigate their sufferings that they may not find their way back, under pressure of need, to prey upon the living. Hence the mark is widely miss ed in the statement — "The keystone of Chinese religion is respect for parents, and this filial feeling has grown into ancestor worship." It would be much more nearly correct to say— "The key stone of Chinese religion is fear of dev- Sueh religion as the UUr.ese -".avj 7 r life, and throws no ray i ir.tv life to come. The misi-i'-r.iry c-omes . j them, not as the rath'.-ss 'Ues:r'N \r cherished ideals, but as the prst r-yea.- er of an immortal h TVe know t difficulties of our task better than v-r critics. We do n:<t needlessly z.11 _ t them by rousing arr.it ithies - ' - - cause. The " enmity ar.d angry con tempt" sometimes met with ar- r. -1-- rected against the missi -r.ary as -cy ' --a. They are the expression o: a race-ri aire- against the foreigner. They are jo-ss keenly felt against mlssi er.aries against any other class foreigners. Often have we seen the suspicion any dislike of a Chinese crowd towards the foreigner melt away when they atscover that they had to do. no: with tn.e mys terious foreigner with whom they can have no communication, but with one speaking their own language. The mis sionaries go where no other foreigner couid go with safety, and have innumer able friends among the Chinese people. They form the one elemnt by which hos tility is lessened, and by which a better understanding is brought about. .HaYe our critics ever reflected on the signifi cance of the missionary settlements now planted all over China, and on the softening effect of daily intercourse with educated and gentle men and wo men who come among them with abso lutely no security for a day's life but that of the good feeling which by pa tience and kindness they may be able to create. The existence of the missions is a constant proof of the exercise of a very high degree of prudence and gentleness. Men take on themselves a very grave responsibility who venture, over the fresh graves of the martyred Stewarts and others, to supply their murderers with the excuse that they were only the victims of their own meddlesomeness and folly. Sneers at missionaries are always welcome to a certain class of minds. One wonders whether they rea iise that every such sneer helps to en danger the lives of men and women and children in many a mission station. The Chinese are not blind to these things, and they know well that the missionary will have only a half-hearted backing from some of his countrymen, when things come to the worst. We note one more amusing feature of Dr Morrison's criticisms, because it is typical. Formerly, it was the fashion to say of missionaries—" See how they live in ease in the treaty ports and do nothing!" Now it is — " See the folly of these missionaries! Why will they per sist in living up country at the risk of their lives? -Why can't they come and live in safety at the ports like other peo ple?" And then it is suggested that they do this from a perverse desire for mar tyrdom, just as before, the only motive conceivable to our critics was the love of bread and butter. Well! "We piped unto you and ye did not dance: we wail ed, and ye did not weep!" But wisdom is justified of all her children. Mis sions must justify themselves. It is no great wonder that they do not al ways appeal to the casual traveller. But the orders stand — "Go ye and make disciples," and the patient lives and the earnest work of Christian men and wo men will, in the long result, attest the wisdom of the Master's command, and the foresight of those who choose to cast in -their lot with Him. 