; chapter xxvri. Dan's Appeaj. Cyprian refcurnodhomo on the following day, and, without seeming actually to" observe his wife's demeanour, became at once keenly aware of the fact that she was utterly unliko herself. He was accustomed to seeing her look languid end dejected—in some senses he had grown used to that state of things; but he noticed-nowthat ehewaa changed; she flushed and paled for no;reason; she started violently at every little noise; she had \- tightened air; for which ho could not ac count. '• - ■ He felt•• rather than 'saw that. there was a new look of appeal in her'sad eyes, but to this.he was determined hot to respond. Delia longed to speak, but dared not. Sho did not know what view Cyprian would take of the matter, hut she suspected that he would think it his duly to inform the police of Jnlian Vansittart's presence in England if he were aware "of it. No,' she dared not betray her father—and yet "the burden 'upon her was more , than she-quite knew how to bear. r : A day or two passed - by, and'she did not hear from Yuhsittart. She; began :to hope, in a'vague, futilo way that she imgbt never hear from him again—that he: had; perhaps seen Dick, and:goue .back to South America without' troubling himself to say goodbye to his daughter: But even while she tried to console herself m this . way, she was not' able to build any solid superstructure of comfort upon so frail "a foundation.' It was not likely that he would leave England without trying to see her again ;; and her heart'sank at the thought of another intervie w. ' , She loved him still-';'in spite of his faults, his crimes even, she could , not cease to love her father ; bat' she had a nervoudy exagr gerated view of his influence and control over her. -She was not'sure that she'might not be cbmpciUed to follow hiin to South America if he told her" to cpra'e. Sho' wondered Uncom fortably whether she were bound to obey him how that she was married, or whether her husband had the prior' claim. Ddia was certainly very childish, and.very ignorant considering her age,-'f or; she was by no means sure as to' her respective duties to Ker husband, brother; and father. " Bat it, must I be allowed that she was in rather an excep tional potion with respect to all three. . It would bo different, .die' argued, if Cyprian loved her, and cared to keep her with him. But if ho cast her off, what was die to do? She. oould not obby.hhn, because he gave her no commands to obey. .She'did not want to do anything , that would displease him—but how'ccrnld' she find out what.choice he had iu the . matter, 'since, he would not ex press by so much as a word, or a look the course, of his desires?, She had wanted to cast in; her lotwith Dick; and the, matter stiU remained w abeyance; bother conversa tion with Rose .had shaken, her faith in this plan, and die felt miserabiy insecure. ' She was quite unconscious oftho fact that the servants had seen her in the summer house with a stranger, and had gossiped among' themselves about that mysterious visitor. And she never guessed that her own maid had thrown herself into Mr. Harco art's way one morning on pnrposo , to suggest in dulcet tones that die would very much like a policeman's whistle, if Mr. Harcourt did not object., "What have I to do with it? Andwhat do yon want with a policeman's whistle?" said Mr. Harcourt. " "It's rather a lonely sort of house, sir, and there'ssomany radi'hanging about that, it makes me quite nervish," said Mrs. Har court's maid, elegantly. '"Do you mean the gardeners at thb.back of . the house ?" said Harcourt, frowning slightly. "There is no .need to bo nervous about them, surely. I understand they are quite a respectable olass of men." "Ob, yes, .sir.. But you see, where one goes, another can go. And the .respectable men can show others the way into our garden, sir, and it makes one feel so unsafe at nights. I should like io.have a policeman's , whistle-in case of a sudden alarm/' " Do you mean that you hsvo seen strangers in this garden?" .."Well,' sir, I don't deny that.Fyeseen one as seemed to bo hanging about somewhere and looking at the windows, hut I think ho was an'acquaintance of my mistress's, fori saw her with him iii the summer-house—" "That will do," said Harcourt, shortly, ".If you onlysaw someone with Mrs. Har court, I do. not see'why yoa 'aro afraid of burglars. , Mrs. • Harcourt's visitors do not ooncetn you.V ""Ob,, of course not, sir., Only it seems odd that visitors should come and go through' tho bach of the summer-house," said the girl pertly. She expected to bo dismissed noon, the spot and. she did not cure. She was tired of. serving Delia, who went nowhere and did. not mind how she was dressed. • . Cyprian looked at her . and very nearly, uttered the words .'of dismissal.. Bat he refrained. Ho would not send Delia's maid away without'her consent. : Ho was strictly just .and honourable—or so he tkoughfchim aeH—inhis displeasure. . He would not con descend to do a thing which should soem in the least to 'savour ox petty, spite. Ho sent the woman away from him, ami gave himself up to melancholy reflection. . Was it true that Delia had been receiving a clandestine visit? It could not be. . Unless —it suddenly occurred to him—"nWi it were that scapegrace brother of hers, who must beout'of prison by this tune!. Surely this, was the case. -. She had been-afraid, to admit him into tho house, and had therefore mot him in che summer-houso and set all the servants talking! It was • intolerable be haviour. He was irritated beyond all limits of. endurance. Although he so seldom spoke to his. .wife,. he felt that he must-oner, a remonstrance, a . caution, a word of friendly warning. And for- that purpose he entered the drawing-room-a little earlier than usual that evening. .. Delia was there, with a curious dull light in her eyes, and two scarlet spots in her white cheeks.., He looked at. her and. wondered whether, she was ill; then decided that this stronger and rather wild . expression of hers came from the suppressed excitement under which she. seemed: to have> laboured for- the last few days. .'It proceeded, he - thought bitterly, from . this. unlucky.. visit of - her brother. . . • .ButDelia's agitation had a more serious cause .than the one to which he attributed it. She. had received that morning a note from her brother Dick, and it had somewhat upsst her. nerves. . It came through the post in the ordinary-way, and was rigned Bichaxd-Van eittart, as though ho had-never dropped the nam? at all; moreover, the terms of the letter were carefully commonplace;, Nevertheless, it* seemed, to Delia as il a. secret breathed in e very lin e, and as if it • were the most com promising document- .that anyone could possibly receive--. And therefore her checks were hotly Sashed, and she could not meet her husband's eye. • There /were- about twelve minutes beforo the dinner-hour, and Cyprian thought that he might as well make use of the opportunity to say what ho wanted to say. xne worst was that he scarcely/knew how to begm. He had addressed her so little during the past few weeirn that he found it absolutely difficult to .open his lips. • And she wpold not look at him W She per sisted in looking the other'vray I - He jdeared his throatchanged his- position in yam. It was evident that she did not expect him. to spehk. .."Delia!" he said. ' • How she started! "What a flood oflovdy colour suddenly dyed her delicate faoe from brow to chin. He. waa angry with himself for being, moved by it—angry that he had been forced to call it there. . "l am obliged to speak to you,"; he said, in his coldest tones, "on a matter which concerns your owzi reputation as well as ; The flush had faded now, and leftfcerface] white as marble, with a growing apprehen sion in the startled hazel eyes/ ' " If at any time," said Mr. TTnrcourt, in measured accents, " you should wish to see any member of your family " 'How frightened she looked I She actually cowered and shrank away as if'afraid'of words tbat might he worse than blows I . " Or if any member of your family should wish to visit yon, I .should recommend your receiving him here in tho drawing-room, of. tho study, and net in the summer-house or the garden.**' "Whosaid? "Who.told you F" she mur mured, locking and unlocking her fingers nervously.*,.. . " That does hob much, matter, does it?.. I will only point out that to receive a man with any appearance of secresy gives rise to scan-, dalons remarks. .And it is also entirely un necessary. I have never, X think, desired you not to see your brother, if. you wish to see him;" . My brother!". said Delia, in a tone of such relief that.' he could not help turning to | look at her. "Dick? Oh Was it not Dick?" he said quickly and I There was a moment's silence. Then Delia looked up, defiance in her eye, and resolution on her lip. She had been driven to bay at lasfct . -. '. .It cannot possibly matter to you whether it was Dick or anybody else," she said. . Cyprian bowed satirically. " You are quite right. It does not matter-^perhaps. Still, while you aro under my roof—** • She interrupted him with feverish., eager ness. ■ •... - .. . "You know I don't want to stay. You know I am longing to get away. I was only waiting untUDick—Dick—earner-—-" . • " Came out of prison. I understand," said Cyprian with, cutting distinctness.. "He is out now, I presume ? Then I might perhaps suggest that you; make some arrange ment - 'Oh, Cyprian, CyprianYou, are very oruel to me!" 'said Delia, suddenly breaking down-and* hiding her faoe ,in hcrh&nds.; Cyprian.moved.restlessly. .. • - "I am only doing; aa I thought you wished/! he said in a lower, tone, which hod a str&ugclymuffled; sound. " You gave me to understand Borne time , : "Oh, I know, Iknow/'-said.Delia heart brokenly. '.TWeioedn't go Into it all again, ! heed we P - I'fl make all the arrangement yon wish. ~ Diok wants me to go and see him, and I'll talk to him." Very.well," said Cyprianquietly... Delia, wonldhave been astonished if she had known what a throat at his heart those words gave him. " Aftersb, hecould,not hear to think that she Bhonld seek counsel from any man hat himself.. Even her brother was not a fit counsellor for.her. " . .. - •' . Delia wiped her. eyes meekly, and- en deavoured to, control herself. She did not notice that a" folded • piece -of paper had fallen from her lap., to tho floor. '• Cyprian, picked it up and restored it to her. . "From—ybtubrother, I suppose," he said, alitUe jealously.,. ' ' " - "Yes." ■• .<• I may read it?" . . "Oh, no, no I" cried Delia, catching at the paper. " Not for the world." "Yon need not be afraid,!'he said very coldly, withdrawing himself a little from her side; "I was not going to snatch it; but Icannot seo what your brother-should say to you thai is such - a secret. Your fature plans concern me as well as him ; "but per haps you had forgotten that." "I did not know you cared anything about them," said Delia, faintly. . "Yott had better, let me. see the letter, l| think; then I shall understand your brother's j attitude." \- He spoke so coldly that no one could have guessed the - tumult of passiou which shook him at that moment—Delia least of all. The thought uppermost in his mind was a convic tion that his wife had not spoken the truth. The letter, he believed, , was not from Diok at all: it was from some other man; and gave it to. him submissivly. She did not 1 know" what. he. was thinking, but shel recognised the ring of command in Jristone.. . The letter was very khort. MHydearestDelia," it ran. V Will yon come here, to-morrow afternoon, and see - us? You know whom you will meet. I want to know yonr plans for the fnfcure, as I am afraid that there will be a difficulty; but. we can talk of it when we meet.-- God bless yon, darling, for your faith in me. " Your loving brother, \- . " IlinniTm V^Tgtfrrrvgp-'1 . Cyprian.stared at the paper, and read the words two or three times without quite kn ow ing wh&fc; he did*- There was an odd mixture of relief and disappointment in his mind. The letter was from Dick, aT>d it was straight forward enough—hut it told him very Utile after all. ...... - . He gave it hock to Delia with a cold-word of thanks. "You are going, I suppose?" he added. ." Oh! yes, I am going,** . she said. - Her I head was whirling with amaze at finding that he asked no further questions. The reference i to the person, "whom she would meet'* had ; seemed to her so painfully clear. \- . Bat Cyprian had.not; noticed. . .There was a . moment's silence ; Cyprian consulted, his .watch,_ and. .wondered . why dinner was not ready. • Delia safe silent - and motionless until tho servant appeared to.say that the meal was served. Even then,-to Cyprian's surprise, she did not rise. He bent towards her .and'held out his arm, which she almost mechanically took; but with the touch of his arm- a sndden revulsion of feeling took place. The servant had left the room, and Delia tore her hand away. - "-What is the use of keeping up this farce ?" she said. * " Is it for the sake of the servants who .spy upon me, and report my doings to you ? I will not go on. with it any longer. If wo are to live apart, why do wo pretend—pretend to be friendly ? " . She burnt into tears and rushed out of the room.before Cyprian could-collect himself sufficiently to utter a single word. He stood looking after her: he heard her.go upstairs and lock herself into her room, and a great wave of pity rose high in his heart, a great desire to follow her and hold her in his arms and comfort her. - But again he steeled himself to endure. VI .am a weak fool,'!, he said to.himself, " "but I will not be so weak as.that.?': And he walked straight down to the dining-room, and went through that "farce" of dining against which Delia- had at length rebelled. He had entered the house with, a fairly good appetite, which had, however, .entirely dis appeared when ho sat down to dinner. He retired to his study as soon as ho could conveniently do so, and sat there during the evening, trying hard to read a volume of philosophy, but not- succeeding particularly welL About eleven o'clock ho was dis turbed by the entrance of Delia, who glided in without knocking, looking peculiarly ghost- like in along white wrapper, with her hair floating down hor back, and her .hands stretched out in appeal. - , ; M Oh r Cyprian," she said, approaching him so softly that he scarcely heard her come, "forgive me.?'* He looked at her without altering his posi tion in the very least.. He did not mean to be harsh, but it seemed to him as if he were in. a dream. He lay back in his chair -and listened, but he could not speak a word. "I don't mean," she went on, hurriedly, " that you can forgive me for the .past—I've given up all hope of that—hutfor my foolish ness to-night- Iknow I was very sally, very im patient, but I—I could not help it just then. Cyprian, will you not forgive mo?" ; He had roused himself a little by this time. He .heard replying, with a callous ness at which he wondered, . in the confused way in which people do wonder. at- their own doings now ana then, - :No apology is needed. You aro free to do exactly as you please.'! "Ah, no, I am cot-r-I am not J" she cried, suddenly breaking .into tears, < V or I should ! befreotodio—to die, and be forgotten!" \--And.then she tamed qpd glided • away. av- - softly-as she-had come** hut- oath'her face: bidden in her hands: and Cypnau, left alone,., rose to his feet, and held out hts arms as if he would have called her hack. \- It wits too late. She had gone and he had . - lost his chance. A sense of passionate- loss, . of undying sorrow camo over, Jura,' and• - - laying his head against his folded arms on ~ the marble mantelpiece he,too, wept tears of exceeding bitterness. _ • - He-was ashamed of himself. afterwards, >•. He told himself that he was very weak, vcty * - womanish; but the fact, remained; 'and -fot •• some time he hod been conscious of one thing only, and that was bis desire to toko- Delia back to his; heart, to comfort her for all her ; great troubles, and tell her to trust him in everything. He had wanted to do this, and something, was it pride? had held;him back. And now ha felt, with'a ' mixture of remorse and a dreary kind of hrc-- • sponaibility, that he had lost his chance with her for ever- She would never forget or for-' give his insensibility to her appeal. How ho - could have answered her so coldly he did not *. know. He had spoken as if he cared not an iota for her pain, her penitence, her desire for . , his forgiveness; and yet his heart had been • : aching with the craving for her love. • . ' :; .. v \- It was weakno&s;,-sheer weakness, and he would put the thought of Delia far: from him.; now aha for evermore. - : , 