Waglin's Pag. bv a friend of his. Don't talk to. me"abont yonr cats. I tell yon there's nothing like a dog. Why, don't yonr copybook instruct yon as that how's he's the friend -of man? That's the' horse, is it ? Never mind — I the sentiment s the same. Cats are decent enough in their way, and if tfaey wouldn't hold promenade concerts on , my roof after I've gone to bed I might ' have a higher opinion of 'em. As it is, 1 they ain't constant, in my opinion. A ' cat is a fair-weather friend. Give him plenty of milk and pamper him up and he may. be- affectionate and pleasant ; bnt let anything go wrong and he turns npon yon at once and begins to scratch. A dog is quite different. The more yon . lick him the better he loves yon, and as for faitbfuloeas, there ain't nothing in the world to compare with him. I was brought up among dogs all my days. My mother, I remember, conldn't abear 'em, and my eiatera was always keeping on about ' them horrid things' But we stock to 'em ; and here I am, at mx-aod-forty, as healthy aB any man conld hope to be. There's plenty of hard work in these times, guv'nor, and if yon worked in a brewery, as I do, you would find you had quite sufficient by Saturday night. No ; I don't mean what you mean. We Bin't allowed to touch the goods, bat the moisture from the vats gets iuto the pores and makes yon kind of tired and sleepy; If I bad been without a dog I might have lied io bed on Sunday morning instead of taking proper exercise for my conttitn- tion, and here should I have been, at middle life, a perfect wreck, and, perhaps, not able to put one foot before another. flH. a A 1 J A 4 TXHata A U — T» Uttli UU A UU t Tf UJf|WVCtJ IliWiUIUgi tta sure as the day off comes round, I starts out with my skye terrier and pretty well walks his legs off No bicycles or tricycles for me. Legs were made first, I says, and what fa the mission io life of a dog 'cept to go where his master orders him? What with that there animal bf urine determioed to fight with every sfaaltbf dog ho meets Z came-bsok to dinner femiog just as happy as if I'd been ashing .of a mill between two rnea i — and without the risk of the police coming down npon yon, neither. That tyko fights, like a Christian, and I never sits down to my Sunday meal without feeling that .he is' the best bottle of medicine! ever bought. Yes, I've done my duty by that dog. I have brought him up in the way he should go, and when he gets bold of a meaty booe I assure you he will not depart from it. I never bad much opinion of Waglin, the chap what worked at the button factory. He was a lazy sort of feller, yet good at heart; for, whether he was out of work or in, he never allowed his dog to go without a good meal, however mnch he and his family had to deny themselves. And, of conree, he was rewarded cor hie kindness. Waglin had been down to Ohingford on a Bank Holiday, and was that overcome by the heal; or something, that he couldn't turn up to do any work for a fortnight, and when be gets back the overseer tells him he can be done without Nice thing for a mm, just because he cnnldu'c re member exactly what he did on Bank Holiday. "What's Bank Holiday for if not to be enjoyed. I should I ke to know? Well, Waglin don't grieve, but he tella the miesua to pawn everything she cowld lay ber hands' on, and ehe does it A fortnight before the children had bought a new pair of boots apiece with the pence they had saved up, in order to go to -the Sunday School treat, Waglin rays that when kdversity cornea they must aland or fall as a united family. So the boots was taken fcway to the pawnbroker's, and the money for 'em came in very bandy. The children cried because they conldn't go to the: onting, and Waglin, calls 'em unnatural for wanting to ride into the country and fill themselves with cake and cream when their poor hard-working father was ont of employment. He takes schilling bfrthe .money to bny some food for the doe. and then noes np to the Tankard and G-rid-iron to see if he could meet the coroner's officer, and earn a bob by -sitting on a jnry, never being ayeree to honest work. After he has a pint or. two (hey break the painfnl news to him that nobodjda4»een-;thoI)ghtful enough to commit eoicide,or murder a neighbour, and poor Waglin goes home in despair. Wonld yon believe it, that very night his dog was the means of saving the life of him' and bis family. A Saint Bernard ! No bless you I notblug of that It was a pug. : Waglin -was a mark' on handsomeness, though not exactly what yon would call a beauty faisself, and he loved that dog as much as. his aopper-beer — which was saying a lot It was like this. When he goes hbtne he finds thereain't a scrap of "grab -in the'hoqse. The missus was bad- tempered abd tbe kidB .inclined to be obstreperous, oo waglin, upset znrougn not being able to get an hmeat living after trying eo hard, throws his boot at the png to give him notice .that be was to behave bisself,.and goes to, sleep upon the only cbair in the honsp. He snores away till abont eight -o'clock, and when he 'wakes up be feels dreadful hungry. go ont In theJitrefiJS.. and sniff raep.fr < near thejam '&ctories; to make believS- thatbe ueating brrad-nddjotter with; preserve spread «ver itj l" ' . r'i "'V /- be looks at the -pidsn jewels io a book belonging to tme-oMbMl kids, and feels desperate. .Hfagdfar aqrying iu the next room — atwaj tha way with women when they can't have everything they want — and the uldran were quarrelling with each other in the back yard. The dog. was nowfcerefi be seen. Well, half an honr goes by and Waglin" was still thinking what was the proper course of duty "to him self and his belongings, when he hears a Jbnmp at the dor. Come in,' says Waglin. Then cornea another bump, and he gets up to see what it means. And— what do, you think? There was that dog carrying a parcel tied op in tirnwn nsuiAr. «nd K.tinlHinn nf if. Kv ftliA i — rw,» """ — — — — © string, mind you, jost as dainty aB a woman going a-uiarketing of a Saturday morning. ' What's this?' says Waglin, a-takibg It -from him.- Wonld yon , believe it I there waa a fine large meat- pudding, weighing qnite a couple of pound. He fonnd ont after— indirect, of coarse, and withont letting on. a word — as how the dog goes into a bacon ebop, sees a basket on a chair, where a- lady customer haa just popped it down for a moment; catches hold of it by the string, and bolts for dear life. ' Ibis 'en's the hand of Providence,' says Waglin. So he and the missus and the kids Bite down and has a rare good anpper, and, as the wife raid, ' That -dog has been the salvation on ns.' I assure - you I shed tears when I heard the tale. It is the most affecting thing I - ever knowed, and beats- the story-books holier. You wouldn't credit the intelligence of that beast. Quiet as a iamb when in the bosom of bis family, be was a lion if you roused him. Waglin had trained him to know the rent and the local taxes and the water-rate, and . if any one of the lot came near the doors the pug would rash at 'em as if he bad been kept without food for a month. The local taxes was forced to leave the demand note on Snnday afternoons when he knew that Waglin was ont with his pet, and the rent never showed up un less with a horsewhip, which he . kept cracking all the while he stood at the front door. The water-rate, after two visits, felt be would be cut off — in hia prime — if ever he hove in sight again, and was obliged to c induct his business by correspondence. Waglin, not being anything of a scholar, never answered the letters, so there was a great deal of -bother. One day the taok burst and nearly washed the whole crowd- out of bouse and home. Bnt they had to pot op with the inconvenience till tfae dry weather began, for not a soul from the water-works would come nigh the place. Sure ss ever a stranger approached that -dog would have a bit oat of him or his trousers, waglin aiani minacnai cos ne was never fondofsociety— 'cept iua public- bouse — and .couldn't bend his intellect to five o'clock teas or such washy affairs. Still, he .was a man that had a feeling hi art, and wheo he saw what a great service 'he dog had done him by bagging the meat pudding there was nothing on earth he wouldn't have dooe for the png. He happencd'Co get a- j-ib-in on -iron warehouse, and one" day picks up an old j hoop, as ha fetches the dog to jump over aud run through. Marvellous, the i perfection they bring animal training to nowadays, ain't it? Aud, do jou know, if I was to try for foity years I couldn't I bring my terrier to the same pitch of cleverness as Waglin'a pug. P'raps you've noticed that just aB | everything is goiog emooth and smiling t with a man something happens to opset ' him altogether. Waglin was rattliog along swimming, and told mo one day : he was never so happy io hia life before. | "His wife's aunt had just died, and left | 'em a matter of £18 in the Post-office Siviogs' Bank, aod the little girl the week before picked np a half-sovereign in the street. Waglin was able to make himself comfortable every Saturday night in the Tankard and Gtldiron, and managed to back a horse io a race that wonld have won him five and twenty shillings if the bookmaker hadn't snddenly disappeared from the country. Yes, be was just as prosperous aod con tented as a man could wish ; but one Friday evening, after hB draws his ! wages, he gets home about one o'clock ' in the morning — after the houses was 'shot— and can't see the dog. He whistles for it, and swears at it, and says all kinds of pretty things to it— the pug never appears. Ha ruos up- stairs and wakes the missus and the children to see if they knowed anything about him, and not a word of comfort can he get. The dog was gone, and next morning he Ihqdires np .arid down the conrt like a madman" to learn some tidings, of ' bim.': Nobody conld eay nothing ; . and; in fact, some of tfae neighbours, as was not parti tal to doga, seemed rather glad that Waglin's was vanished. The newa soon spread. Waglin was that knocked op with- grief that he stop9 away from work, aud gets a note to say be woo't be required next morning. Next day the local taxes calls early, knowing the coast was clear; and the water-rate — two of 'em — pops in for' arrears. Then tfae landlord Blips round, and demands fourteen weeks' back pay-, ments. What thonghtfnloess, aud with a fellow man in s.irrow, too ! Waglin >tells him he can't 'bring his mind at present to think about each trifles. But that very evening the brokers arrived, end walked off with the few traps Waglin bad collected about him. "In. less than a week the Waglins was out' of the place ; and if it hadn't bhen for a friendly lead at tho Tankard aud GWdiron— ' for a distressed brother in- great tronble,' as. we -said on tjje bills — Waglin and bis family must have either gbne on the tramp or iuto tho work- bouse. He was an altered man from tfapt day. Not that he cared about hiaaelf and rMa wife, anil children being - h&rd-up; And often wanting food ; no, hB was too plnoky .tor Mat. yynat upset nim was the loss of the dog, and -many an after noon when be might have -been walking about looking for ; work be "tramped almostbvery inch of London to nee £f he could hear on him. People used to fall back,' respectful like,' when he .came along, Tor they conld see. Waglin was different, to what be -was. Some coves, -fae)onging. to a si ate dob .at tfae poMic, htafted fen1evefaiitg<neaich "for the lost EaVburito,Tbe wpretof it"wa'.tivt"tb,ej and I began to wonder BBgSSjf=woulii finish np. I was" would - pine away and die; JEhoughji Stout man, and not one that looked - as made of Ihreadpaper. His ttijitesbfied to say to bim, Why don't .youget A job of work so as to get yonr Alti -oil yfcur tronble ?' Bnt how easy ftm'Tor other people to talk! 'The heart knows its own bitterness,' my mother often remarked; sod Waglin was . pot to be comforted by anybody. I think (be only thing that eased hia grief after a bunt for the lost was to sit in the Tankard and Gridiron and talk abont the departed, while the audience stood him half-pints, 'cos a man in each Histrfln wasn't furnAntori fn fn. l.:M — w J au« USUI- self. That wonld not have been very genllomaiily,! don't think ! Well I soppnae it must have been nearly six months before a man who had knowed him for years gets him a job as a labourer in the lead works."" IXdo believe Waglin would as lief not have bad ib His thoughts was always running" away on one thing, and we couldn't turn bim from it. If there - was a horse race he didn't seem to care, and as for elections — bah ! As be says, ' What does it matter to me whether your Liberals or Tories wins. They can't pass no Act of Parliament to bring me back my dog, can they ?' No more they conld. Why, Gladstone faisself couldn't do i'. Time is a flat-iron that rubs ont all sorrow, and, p'raps it was a year after that Waglin was beginning to pull him self together a bit and feel a little more cheerful. . - And yet he could never Bee a dog iu the street without the tears a- coming np in his eyes as if be had been peeling pnions. I don't know exactly how it occurred, but one evening a pal of Waglin's says as he met a friend what knowed a man down Bethnal-green as had a pug to dispose of, a bargain. Now Waglio was a faithful master, he was, and couldn't bear the thought of putting up another idol in the place of the lost odp. Howsumever we persuades Mm that a man has a doty to society, and, as we says,- what is to become of all the dogs if some soft-hearted Scan dinavians don't look after 'em ! They can't all live at Battereea, can they Well, Waglin's pal makes private in quiries abont the animal, and finds ont that a sovereign will buy him. So Waglin at lasts makes up his mind to have him," and not being the sort'to do tilings by halves he sells the kitchen- table, pawns bis wife's Sundry dress, and gets the balaucs by a whip up from his mates. From what I heerd after it mnBt have besn abont ten o'clock one night that Waglin starts off for the Green to bring home the new member of his family. Nobody went with him, as they thought the detl might be too concning, so wnac we Dears we was lo'a of later. My word ! there was excitement when the news came. I don't think I slept for three night', and was more took aback tben-if the Bank of England bad suddenly busk Mind yon, Waglin was never a man I properly took to, but than man's troubles wonld have melted a crowbar. It waa just in, this way. Waglin starts off on "This eventful" night with the quid in his pocket, and a BhiUiDgNand-A three-penny piece for travelling "expenses and refreshments. He- gets down to Bethnal-green and spends the best pait of an hour trying to find the address. Well, at last he camcs across it — a dark, di-ty, miser able, broken-down sbanty, with the windows staffed up with paper, and looking — well, not looking the sort of place yon'd find the Primeer a-spendiug of bis summer holidays in. There wasn't no bell, and no knocker. So after makiog sure from a man he sees in the streets that this was the right spot, Waglin knocks at the dnor with his knuckles. What happened then, he says, is more like a dream than real life. You see the door was on the jar, and before Waglin knowed wbat was coming, ont rashes a png dog, seizes him by the calf of the leg aod takes s good bite. Down on the road goes Wsglin, the dog still holding on, shouting Murder !' - as load as he conld. In two or three minutes — though Waglin says it seemed years — s man comes out of the house wi'h a stick, gives the pug a thundering emack with the end of it; and polls him off. Wsglin was still crying ' Murder !' and a crowd soon gets around. ' Fof kin's dog'e been and gone and murdered a man,' screams the children ; end the women who comes np says the brnte fa a terror to the neighbourhood end ought to bn eb«t. What did that .chap c-une knocking at my door for?' rays Pofkin. By this time a policemen and a couple of men lifts Waglin up, and asks him how it happened. So he tells 'em that he comes down to boy a png, and no sooner knocks at the owner's door than ibis is the reception he meets with. " Yes, yon may larf ; it sounds very funny, don't it? But Waglin didn't think so— not he. His leg was a-paining of him awfnl, and so the constable goes and brings the pulicS-stretcher, puts bim on it, and carries him off to the hospital, most of the kids in Bethnsl-green going along with him, joet like a body-guard ut a Royal procession. When they gets him inside they looks after the wound tells him he will have to stop in bed for a. week while tbey attends to ib Well, we never hears nothing abont it in our conrt; and Waglin's wife didn't trouble to find but. I'm afraid that woman was like a good msuy more — not so food of her husband as she onght to be. Waglin's pal at tile lead works comes round to ask whatfs become on him, and nobody can- explain, so he tells the . missus .as; fas needn't pnt hieself to -the in-' convenience of ever showing up there again. About the fourth day a messenger io a uniform comes down to Waglin's house from the 'orspital to tell his -wife what's happened to him, and .as how he won't be home to tea as tuna! tor a tew aeys. no; »"» »»» that salfUh -woman bad packed np -her traps and gone off with the children the afternoon previous, saying as how she l&-giiitf enough of Waglin, and never WM&eji; to see bim more. It was nearly « week later that Wsglin turns up, look ing as white as a ghost, and walking lime, with a 'orspital stick. We gets the whole story ";ont of him, but what was be to do? His borne, his wife; bis children waagone eo after he had Slept jjfiont inqne .pel's bouse and ' another's, I we goes to the yioar, pitches bim a tale labout a bero-inlow life what's sacrificed jevwytbirig for the eeke of a dog, and in ODSsahim off fay hisselfaBasteei- . in ..." ' age passenger to America, with the money that we get. No, he seemed quits resigned, and didn't mention the png. And yet it's hard, my friend, to see s poor, honest feller suffer in this way. Yes ; - and there's something crueller still, whit we didn't know of till long after Waglio was gone. The pug that bit Waglin was his own png, that Pofkin had got from tbs man who stole him. And why did be bite Waglin ? Well, the poor dog didn't know, you koow. It was the result of early train ing. He thought he was tackling the local taxes or tne water-rate. — Daily Telegraph. 