®lje igpeek. Arc the New South Wales Public Service Commissioners getting tired of their work ? In overhauling the local Education Department they hud a job before them which might profitably have occupied them for the best part of a twelve- month. They struggled through the work in a few weeks, and haveBO adjusted salaries as to effect a saving of about £37,000 a year. But the adjusted salaries are mainly those of the weary schoolmaster and his over-worked assistant. The caBy chair ofllcial has been left pretty well in his usual clover. Where the " screws'' of head-masters of firstclass schools—with over 1000 pupils in some of them— have been graded down to £350 at the highest, the Department is left chock-full of clerks and clerkassistants at a remuneration ranging from £350 to £550 a year. The average schoolmaster may not be worth more tlian lie gets, but the six-liours-a-day clerk is certainly worth a great deal ICBS—which is probably the reason that lie gets more. And the reason for leaving liiin in his routine comfort is probably bccause the Commissioners arc afraid to entirely revolutionise a system wluch always placed the man who knew least, and performed less than he knew, on the topmost. The biggest anomaly perpetuated by the Public Service Commissioners, however, is that under which the master of a school of 60 children receives £171 against £182 on which a departmental office-cleaner fattens, and £160 and quarters wherewith a messenger in buttons is able to live a life of comfortable respectability. The high-and-niightiness of the average Government messenger, and his ability to become usurer to his superiors, are things easily to be accounted for. Our local prcsB gives no prominence to the moat remarkable feature of the Cook-Kieton-Salmok A.N.A. jaunt to Bananaland. After they had orated in the Centennial Hall, Brisbane, the following resolution was proposed by W. G. Higgs, editor of the Worker, seconded by Cuas. Macdoxalij, M.L.A. for Flinders, and carried unanimously by the meeting:— (1) That having heard the addresses of the Victorian delegates, this meeting is of opinion that the repro- Bentatiyes-to-the proposed convention should be clected by a direct vofoof the people in a similar manner to that proposed-by tke dther colonioB; (2) that in onr opinion the Queensland representatives should advocate Federation on the basis of a White Australian independence, all alien coloured racog to be excluded from our shores. The Rev. "Harry." Boy ant, newly-arrived in Sydney^ is a specimen of the New Parson, as opposed to the old tjrpe who hiirtleB forth warnings of hell-fire from the-eiiunence. The Kev. Bbyaxt, who iB athlete as well as pfiest., has initiated his pastorate by throwing open hiB house for nightly socialities, where song, laughter, and opinions arc exchanged amid the curling tobacco clouds. To the Calvinistic mind this is, of course, a distinct sign of Satanic predominance, but it is dead certain that the Rev. Harry will do more to reach the true hearts of men than any of the cold ethical standards that get to most men's hearts by way of their pockets. Mr. Henry Varley has issued the first number of a threepenny monthly, The Search-Light, which is very typical of the class of mind which lias got itself nicknamed " the Nonconformist conscicncc." Argument is, of course, thrown away upon it, but we will give a sample of Varleyana on a political question, the perennial fiscal issue:— We stand for the " greatest good for the greatest number." We do not believe in Protection. We are Freetraders on the solid foundation laid by the coming competent King. We believe and teach the royal law : " AS ye would that men shonld do to you, do ye even so to them." There is enough vice and grossness in this community to make ahnoBt any allies acceptable in the fight against moral degradation. But Mr. Varley writes himself down as an ally whose views are so hopelessly one-sided as to increase the very evils he would up-root. The following might surely have been written by a first-century Phariseo about anyone who was a friend of publicans and sinners :— The high-class and clever degradation which marks the whole of Trilby has been received by Melbourne society with deafening applause. Crowded audiences have sat night after night to see a fascinating woman whose characteristic attraction is the ntter destitution of moral or virtuous sense—the kind of creature that represents in human form a cat or a dog in regard to sensuality and absence of shame. The intelligence of the clever and talented actors in this immoral play is devoted to covering over with brilliant and transparent veneer the degradation that belongs to "easy virtue." The movements of the actors snggest a number of highclass rational dogs, borne along by corrupt passion. I^om the pmrieiit suggestion of the fair Trilby as the artist's model, until the curtain drops, the tendency of thin fascinating representation is directly toward the gilded decs in Exhibition street. In writing thus, Mr. Vahlf.y is not only Pharisaic himself but the cause of Pharisaism in others, for a good many publicans and sinners who have not discovered this tendency in Trilby, will feel inclined to thank God they arc not as Mr, Yah lev is and need no civet to sweeten their imagination. The apostles of social purity who scent out "prurient suggestion" in liny plea for the forgiveness of the woman who loves much, go far to explain, if not to excuse, the detestation of them by the average sinner. '* A little knowledge iB a dangerous thing." The Age critic denounces the dramatist of Charlotte Cohdat for introducing Such tawdry theatricalities as posing to an artist. . . . One cannot fancy Charlotte Cobday having her portrait taken any more than one can imagine her sitting before David to be painted into one of that celebrity's master-pieces. It is not " fanoy " the critic wants, but information. The undoubted fact is that the Charlotte of history claimed to have her portrait painted before she waB guillotined, and her desire was carried out by the artist Hauer, whose work is still to be seen in tlic Museum at Versailles. Nor is it inconsistent with the " spirit of fanatical self- sacrifice " that the girl should wish that future ages might remember the martyr who lost her life to save her country. A correspondent describing himself as " A Sufferer," writes to a Melbourne daily paper complaining that the majority of Victorian farmers house tlieir labourers in slab huts, which are protection against neither wind nor Tain, and adding that he thinks they (the farmers) should be compelled to provide decent houses for their men, as the Queensland sugar growers have to do for the Kanakas in their employ. The poor fellow seems to actually labour under the delusion that the life of a Victorian white labourer is of as much value as that of a Queensland Kanaka! The Horsham Branch of the A.N.A., in their halfyearly meeting, passed a resolution to the effect " that the soul-stirring recordB of those mighty events which built up our glorious empire, etc. (the jlrgus •" Deeds that won the Empire"), should be printed in book form, and that members should look checrful and stump up the needful. As an amendment, one might suggest in all friendliness that the Champion Secret Composition Lists should be included in the volume. Let the movement be representative. Local writers arc kicking themselves that they did nofrjiave a try for lie 1000 guinea prize offered by the Statist for the best essay on Imperial Federation. In reading the effusions of Mr. J. <>. Coi.JiEJi and Mr. Hae,ph II. Ashton, who divided the prize, local ink- £ lingers must feel (hcv have lost a good ohanec of trans- ferring £1,050 to the credit of their banking account. Both the Freetrade and the Protectionist essays are mere stupendous masses of figures and statistics, interesting enough, but which the leaders of a newspaper staff would consider ordinary work for one of his subordinates, and which would figure as such in the "book." For instance, Mr. Ashton lays down the theory that " the solution of an Imperial CuBtoms Union will tax the financial skill of the most experienced economist." This is somewhat of a truiBm, and is hardly up to 1,000 guinea form. Mr. Asiiton quotes long arrays of figures to prove what Freetrade has done, and then goes to the trouble of saying that he is not writing an essay on Freetrade. In real fact it is nothing elEe, and from this point of view and on account of the statistics, may be of some interest to economists of both Freetrade and Protectionist opinions. But it contains no fresh or feasible suggestion. The subscription lists to the Lonner Testimonial Fund will be closed on the 30th iust... and intending subscribers should forward amounts by that date to tlic Hon. Treasurer, Mr. J. W. Hunt, 315 Collins-street. We have received, in addition to amounts already acknowledged, £1 16. from Mr. W. H. Dnrvnll, and Is. from Working Man (fifth). Mr. WjU.uemah Bannow's Victoria, Socially and Materially, will be published this week. We can heartily recoumicnd this little volume to all who wish to have by tlieiu a handy book of reference as to the growth and present position of this colony. In both facts and figures it is right up to date, atul so well and ex}iauetirely have these been compiled and arrunged that the book is more valuable than a dozen of the bulkier volumes on the some subject published by the Government. There should be a copy in every library in the colony. From " In Bohemia with Du Mauricr," by Felix Moecheles, in the May Cent urn, we learn that Du Mauhier once had the intention of emigrating to Melbourne. MoscnELES quotes from a letter from a fellow chum of his and Du Maurieh's, dated November, 1857 :—" As Dtr Mauhier's eyes, though better, will most probably not allow him to resume his profession as a painter, we have determined to try our fortunes together in Australia, and mean to start from here early in February. He hopes to obtain employment by drawing sketches, caricatures, etc., for Melbourne Punch and other illustrated papers." Every smoker knows the " Flor dc NaveB" cigar, with the pretty trade mark of a yellow lady on a blue lion (or a blue lady on a yellow lion) ornamenting the box, but few have an idea of the vast amount of fraud and roguery connected with it. The vast majority of these cigars sold in Melbourne never emanated from the factory of SVAK Cceto-it-IIbrmanos, but can be directly traced to an unscrupulous class of local wrongdoers. It is not the maker who is the culprit, but the middleman. In Carlton a person, whose business is distinguished by three golden balls, lends to small makers on the security of cigars known in the trade aB " Flor de Naves shape." The pawn-tickets are made out at the rate of 12s. 6d. per 100, but it is currently stated that much less actual cash is lent. This Shylock has then to dispose of his wares, which bear all the outward Bigns of the real article, boxes, and ribands of Huan Cceto's goods being collected for this purpose. Agents are employed, who go about amongst small tobacconists and publicans telling them that a large parcel of imported " Flor de Naves " has been pledged for a ridiculously low price, and offering the tickets for sale. As a rule, the bait takes, the 12s. 6d. per 100 cigars, plus interest, arc paid. The jjawnbrokcr returns to the starveling maker a portion of the difference between the actual cash advanced and the fictitious ticket amount, and the spurious cigars are retailed all over the city as the genuine article at6d. each. One of the £'5 manufacturers (the local trade is represented by the large maker who pays £150 per annum to the Government, the medium one who pays £50, and the small one who pays £5 only) declares that much harm is done to the local industry by the unqualified fraud that is going on, und that the working cigarmaker would do far better if all locally-made cigars were sold for what they are. Some of the loco! cigars are really good—at least, for the price. A really good quality "Flor de NaveB," made from pure leaf, cannot be sold under 30b. per hundred. The small makers are almost daily asked by tobacconists, publicans, and agents for a good " echlenter" cigar, but many of these manufacturers honestly label all their goods: " Made in Victoria," It is after the goods leave their hands that the false boxing is done. It is not the maker, but the dishonest tobacconist or publican, who reaps any benefit, and the public iB the sufferer. At present, some 70 of the £5 men make a precarious living; whilst, if there were a genuine trade for the cheap colonial eigar, there would be employment for many more. The Merchandise Marks Act is a handy weapon against the offenders. There can be no difliculty in finding them out. Miss C. H. SrENCE'speaks in very high terms of the Victorian system of boarding-out children instead of massing them in institutions. Miss Emily Clarke, of Adelaide, initiated the scheme, but the ladies' committees in Victoria have much larger powers than in South Australia. In America the barrack system prevails, the children are never individualised, and no pretence at natural family life is made. In visiting the boarded-out children in this colony Miss SrENCE 6aw evidence of the powerof organisation, in which women have been supposed to"be deficient, in n tliorough-going administration which siived endless trouble to the Departiueijfeand inonSjAo the State. No one could distinguisif tUCsE: Children from those of industrious independent, self-supporting clusses. Thus pauperism iB cut off at its root and the children, the future votei'6 of Victoria, are given the nearest approach to a natural home. This system, which excites admiration all over the world, was inaugurated by women and to women owes its success. " Jock" Fehgpso.v, the Parramatta scribe nongaoled for criminal libel upon a J.P., is one of the old school of gall-pens who followed the crude and inartistic fashion of saying your libel straight out, and seasoning a modicum of truth in a dishful of prevarication. Ferguson had faced the Court two or three times before, his most notable adventure being a deadly accusation of member Willis, the damage to whose moral reputation the Court assessed at a few pounds sterling. Judge Wikdeyer's holiday manueuvring—on full judge's pay—for a position on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council scemB to have worked to his satisfaction. Probably, then, the appointment will be soon made, with Judge W. as the party specially favoured for recommendation by the Australasian Governments. The appointment would be a scandalous shame. Wind eye it is a clever and learned jurist. That has been recognised to such an extent as to bring on a malignant attack of big-head. But at present he is labouring under a virtual no-confidence vote by the people of hiB colony. Though his guess at the guilt of 'Possum Dean turned out fairly accurate, that did not upset the verdict that'Possum had been the victim of judicial misconduct. Until Windeyer has been able to disprove that he improperly directed the course of justice he has no right to be selected as the show judge of Australasia, with power to influence final ndjudication in coming Australasian murder cases by meaut of his peculiar faculty of guessing things. The " colonies " do not want to be represented on the Privy Council, anyway. The thing that would suit them best would be a Federal Court of Appeal, in which Australians would be dealt with by Australians, and not by a body of bewigged old gentry located thousands of miles away fTOW the knowledge of Australian good and evil. If sent to the Council, Judge Windeyer would only be a representative of New South Wales, juEt as Maddejc would only represent Victoria, or "Sammy" Way would represent the Southern province. There are seven sets of laws in Australasia, and no man—not even Windeyer—can claim to have disentangled the whole bundle. So that an Australasian Privy Councillor would not be Australasian, and therefore would not be worth bis salt to any province the laws of which would only be cursorily known to him. Wealth is more largely and more rapidly acquired by patents than by any other means. Poor inventors have made fortunes by the aid of that well-known Melbourne patent agent, George G. Turei. of Sun Buildings (at the Bourke and Queen Street corner). This paper cannot hopo to throw any fresh light 011 tlio extraordinary occurrences befalling the Australian cricket tcaui iu England before the voluminous cablegram comes along to explain. But it is pretty clear that their easy'victories over very weak trams at the commencement made All England whip up an extraordinarily strong eleven for the first test match, which will bo finished when these linos are lead. It would bo 110 disgrace to lie thrashed by sucli a team, ami this province can still afford to whoop over the pluck\ stand of HAIIHV TROTT, who must have gone in when the second inning6 looked likely to be as awful n-s the first. Hospitality has not been quite too much for him, anyway. The prosecution of all the Directors of the City Bank, with the exception of Mr. .T. HOJ.TOM, and of the auditors, shows that those responsible for the good iinmc of Victoria have some regard for her credit and repute. We suppose that the announcement having been made, Die case is technically sub judice, although no charges have been formulated. In any case this paper wants the defendants to have a fair trial. Hut is not one of them, Mr. ANHHEW BURNS, an auditor of other institutions besides the defunct City of Melbourne? And what value, pending his acquittal or conviction, can be attached to his signature to a certificate at the foot of a balance-sheet ? Meanwhile, the CHAMPION wculd like to remind its readers that 011 27th JqlJ-Jast vcar it addressed an Open Letter to the Directors oij-the topic of their scheme of reconstruction and told the truth about their position. It was the only pajier to do so. Both the morning papers vent, in bnld'Jieaded for the policy of " llush ! " Some time ago we asked why better men did not come forward for election on the Melbourne Hospital Committee, and made some " scurrilous " and " flippant. " remarks upon the qualifications of some who were touting hard for promotion to the vacancies caused by the retirement of Messrs. RAPIPOUT and BAXTER. At the meeting of the Committee last week Mr. NICHOI.SOX, as chairman of the tender board, in submitting a list of tenders for the next twelve months, made a statement which, if it meant anything, meant that certain tenderers had made attempts to square members of the Committee. lie at the same time refused to give the names of the offenders. lie should be made to do so. The most unsuspicious of mortals must have noted the fact that the position of unpaid member of the Committee is sought with eagerness by many men whose worst enemies would never accuse thciu of anxiety to do public work without fee or reward. The disgraceful proceedings at the election of medical officers to the HospiUil—a post worth a good deal of hard money to a doctor or surgeon as a standing advertisement—were supposed to afford the chief opportunity which the baser 6ort of committeeman could utilize to make sure that, in giving his time to hospital management, he was excrcising a charity tliat comes under the head of the virtue which is, very literally, its own reward. It now appears that, iu addition to perquisites from the uiedical-candidatcs, a commission from tradesmen may be another inducement. The saying that " charity covers a multitude of sins " will evidently bear quite a novel application in Melbourne. What a 6tate of cruel and sordid corruption this awkwnrd revelation exposes. The Hospital is poor. Sufferers whose conditions would melt u heart of stone are turned away from its doors because its funds are insuflicient. The nurses are overworked and underpaid because there is not enough money. The committeeman who would assist the contractor to loot such an institution would rob a blind beggar of hiB last penny. Melbourne lias had a surfeit of enquiries of late; but, perhaps one more would do 110 harm. Each month's expenditure at the Hospital for stores represents, roughly, £1000, and if pickings are going begging, they are generally snapped up. Examination of the names of the members of the Hospital Committee shows that, with few exceptions, they belong to tho great category of the unknown. The President is Mr. F. R. GOPFREV (dealer in wine and spirits); the vice-Prcsidents are Mr. MARKS (the Japanese Consul) and Mr. 0-BICE. Then come Messrs. AKHCRST . (traveller in the liquor trade), BBEKKAN (land agent), BURTON (livery stable keeper), FINK (solicitor), GODTBEY (solicitor), HEN- NE66Y (retired baker), HODGSON (retired iroumougcr), MACIXEHNEY (barrister), MCDONALD (manager of a timber yard), MCLEAN (chemist), MASON (hatter), NICHOLSON (agent), PLYNKET (chemist), SHOWERS (expublican), WILSON (hotel proprietor), JEFFRIES (shoemaker),STEVENS (draper),and Dr.BuiDE. These gentlemen should insist upon the fnllest publicity about this attempted bribery business. A feature of the Concert given at the Town llall on Monday night in aid of the Latrobe-strcet Bagged School and Boys' Home was the crowd of youngsters who formed no inconsiderable section of the audience. It was good to see how much the lads enjoyed themselves, and good to know that in addition to caring for them in more practical ways, they get occasionally some little outing of this sort to vary tho monotony of a sordid existence. Whnt did it matter that they could not be expcctcd to appreciate the artistic merits of the performance ? Their bright and animated faces showed that they were happy in assisting at their show, and the ladies and gentlemen who gave their services for this function probably never gave to any of the large numbers they have delighted greater pleasure than they did to these little urchins. Lord URASSEY at tho Bijou, on Monday though ho wns listening to n "nautical" opera, H.M.5. Pinafore, ooked as if lu> would have enjoyed himself more if I10 had bacn discussing Imperial Federation or tho InteM Navy Estimates. His Excellency is evidently not a musical enthusiast and it is rather cruel to drag him froiirliis hooks merely to attract large attendances. of Signor ACIIILLE REBOTTARO as Sir Joseph Porter, K.C.B., was either designedly or by accident a "colourable imitation'' of the Governor. This gentleman, who gave an excellent representation of the role, was intensely amusing. The audience was somewhat cold at first, hut later 011 warmed up and vigorously applauded the favourite numbers. District Coroner CANDLER should henceforth serve as a solemn warning to all prospective suicides. A couple of Sundays ago one THOMAS BLANDY, N Williamstown slaughterman, who was about to undergo an operation for cancer, committed suicide rather than facc the ordeal. On the following Monday, CANDLER, who presided at the inquest, ordered that Bl,ANDY'S body should be buried within 24 hours, between the hours of 0 and 12 p.m., at the nearest cemetery, and that 110 funeral service should be rendered over his grave! The result was that BLANDY'S friends had to pay £2 6s. (id. iu the placs of 25s. for mortuary fees, the deceased's own ground in another cemetery being unavailable, and extra charges being necessary owing to tho unholy nature of the hour of interment. Briefly put, BI.ANDY'S relatives were penalised for BLAMDV'B alleged criminality, and lis chancoe in tho next world would also have been jeopardised had not the undertakers, Messrs. JONES & Sons, secured the services of a friendly Church of England minister, who defied the Coroner's scandalous instructions. Obviously no one concerned was satisfied with Mr.- CANDLER'S behaviour. The public were annoyed, seeing that it hates all survivals of Mumbo-Jumbo worship, th^-Obi man, and troglodyte ofllcialdom ; the undertakes: were mad, because a decent funeral cortege (glass cpach/ctc.) was spoiled ; the Church was aggrieved at tlie (arrogance of a coroncr who usurped its ex-communicatory privileges; the relatives were not delighted over their increased expenditure and lastly, the very next day when driving home, Coroner CANDLER was shied from his trap and left in so battered and bruised a condition that BLANDY'S ghost has done nothing but laugh cxultingly ever since. The Y.M.C.A., ill pursuance ..f their u-oal policy, came out w ith their yearly Town Hall meet inn. Those who spoke did not hide thoir various lights under the scriptural bushels. The public were told that tho association was doim: glorious work, but the term " glorious work " has many wide definitions, und the public arc sceptical. When the Y.M.C'.A. built their swell building ill Bourkc-slreet the after-dinner speakers at the opening cercmoin boasted tint they had driven out the secularist parly. As a matter of fact they bought them out. Then the land boom collapsed aud the Y.M.C.A. did not possess sullicient faith among them to stave off the mortgagee. Then they bonked HUASSKV for their sports and started circulating guinea tickets, but the new Governor did not turn np and there were more competitors than sjwetntors. ritininiely, they claimed the Rev. COOK, 0)' Boston, as a man and a brother, but they paid more in advertising than they received at the doors. H euco the commit Ice aver with much feeling "(hat the wicked flourish as the green bay- tree," anticipating reward elsewhere thau 011 this wicked earth. A man in Port Melbourne n few days ago, who claimed to be drunk, seized a piccn of beef weighing the modest weight of 1201bE., and fairly lost his pursuers. After his capture a few days later two important witnesses for the prosecution during the trial demanded security for their expenses. The patriotic ,1's.l'. informed the mercenary olios that their duty to the country was the reward. Hence, tho minds of both witnesses became one glorious blank, whilst the .1's.Pthought lovingly of the days when the thumbscrew and the rack were available to extort evidence. 