Campaign Commenced. Wu wore nblo to announce yesterday tlio commencement of tho election campaign of 1896. Our information, which we might have given tho duy before, is now seen to hnvo been absolutely accurate. " Any delay in gazetting tlio immcdinto dissolution of Parliament would have boon on ' account of electoral rolls. It has finally been determined not. to wait till the current revision list is complete. The new rolls will bo talcon, for as many electorates as possible ; tbo olil rolls will ho taken tor electorates for which the now rolls cannot bo completed. Thoro will bo a fiorce, if not a justly directed, cry against this procedure. It has been too openly averred of lute that on tbo now rolls, in some of tbo distant electorates, the Government certainly would be do- fcuted. The charge will be preferred against tliom that tlioy know this, and that it is in consequenco of thoir fear of dofent on tho now rolls that they liavo hastened tho election so as to apjioar to, ho obliged to uso the old rolls.. This is a paltry matter.- -At tho sumo timo there iR almost no excuse whatovor for admiuistrntivo delay in completing those rails. Those jiersons who are ro- ponsiblo for tho completion of the rolls in timo for tho hoxt election have had thoir duty before thorn for throd years. Eveiy effort . should hqvo boon 'mnclo to.k'cop tho rolls in sucli ii state of forwardness that it - could not -ho necessary to toko an old roll- oven in tho most distant electorate. "Without making, this a chargo of , electioneering manceuv- iring against tho Government, it is good enough to raako it a charge of dilatory oxccutivo'work. It is only reasonablo to suppose; howovor, in regard to this, and to all othor little dovicos attending a genoral election, that uny Government, and thoreforo this Government, will take advantago of everything whioli may assist their struggle at the polls. Tho days of nomination and of polling will ho fixed to suit thomselvos nnd their supporters. That is to ho oxpeoted. If it is not bonny play it is political play. Tlioso who intend to enter tho lists, as the labour party will, in opposition to tho uovernnumt, cannot complain of tho above for they would do tho same if they could, ihe sarno may ho said of tlioso candidates, if any, who intend to stand lis declared Oppositionists. Also tho same remarks will hold fl>r those who intend to Btond under the namo of Indopeu- donts. A very great deal has been said about the formation of political parties. In prospect of tho general elections, enl deavours havo hoonjmado to show that tlio only two political parties are the Government and1 the labour folk. A number of lien calling themsielves tho Opposition still cling to tlio name. But as a political party thoy may he wholly disregarded. Tho real opposition to tho Government lies with thoir own supporters and' former friends outside. It bus been too obvious all along that (ho present Government were kept in power by a conglomerate support which might ut any tiiiio break down, and which lius been continued only because there was no solid party to tulco their place. In other words, tlio. choico. of really inde pendent members has lain between having iv power tlio present Govern ment or a niotloy group of individuals almost wholly composed of, and absolutely dominated by, men call ing themselves lnbour representatives, but who in brief nro communists. These Independents liavo of late become most refractory. It ought to ho said of some of them that shortly before last session of l'arliamont closed they became so clamourous, and tho Government so pliant, that wo approached a state of tilings nover boforo so fur dovoloped in Queensland. The Govcriimont almost deserve tho pity, rather than tho con tempt of tho people, for having yielded as thoy did to tho demands made upon thciu. ; No secret has boon mndo of the, fact that somo of those things wore said to have been done under threats that parliamentary support would he withdrawn. "Whether this was true or not, it was a matter of daily conversa tion. Even now it is said that' ono of tho most assuring hopes of the Govern ment is thnt Mr. Glassoy will ho re turned to Parliament, and that ho- still will, bo the lendor of tho labour party. Tlio state of confusion now prevailing cannot bo a matter for surprise. All political parties, and nil Governments made out of such parties, ns wo all know, gradually disintegrate;- The saine'inay- ho said of all conglomorato parties, or coalitions, ns tlioy nro called, and of the Governments lnado ; out of . tliom. "Wlion Sir Samiiel Griffith and Sir Thomas M'llwrnith joined to form n Ministry, the result. was what may bcBt i lio described as a political conglomera tion. It Las continued in visihlo form until now. It could not liuvo lasted half the -timo under ordinary circum stances. Its continued cxistcuco lias been duo to tho peculiar position tukon up by the persons who call themselves roprc- sontntivesof labour. All coiiglonioratesnrc easily disintegrated. That is well known. The political conglomorato of Queens land must havo fallen to pieces from its want of adhesive forco, had not the outside pressure of tho labour represen tatives kept it up, as tiiuhor props shore up a fulling building. In brief, nil political parties, > howovor powerful adhesively, cveii, fnll to pieces ; much more those which only cohere, tlioy not having any natural affinity. It is useless to deny the 'fact that tho political conglomorato of Queous- land bus, by a - want of natural affinities, uud by tlio disintegrating power of time; fallen, to pieces. The Ministers themselves in tho present Government, have, during their term of office, naturally developed their porsonul idiosyncrasies, which -havo amounted to mutuiilly repulsive 'forces. At present tlioy all stand ..together, hut wo all know how. ghul somo of tliom would ho to find thomselvos in now positions. Although' it. is almost, urihenrd of tliut political parties -can v lie formed during " olcctoml campaigns tho present olo'ction offers an excep tionally good opportunity to mako.tlio attempt. If ever such an effort could ho successfully mndo it can ho liindo now. The moment should ho. seized by as . many ns . possible of tho really independent, members of. l'urliauieut to form a now party with .'the object of preluding a now 'Govern ment mid a more'licnltliy administration. All tlio material for it .is . at. hand. Tho only thiug ra'l'ured is- that- electric touch which would, in a moment, cause these apparently disintegrated particles to devolop their natural affinity. Thoy would instantly, fly together nnd form a party strong enough to carry the elec tions in favour . of a progressive policy and puro administration. There is 110 liopo of any assistance to this oml from somo of." tho persons who affect to represent lnbour. But amongst those persons there are somo, if not many, who.should be very willing to lend their support to pnrtioB and measures of n practical and beneficial character, and who are willing to ivnit for millennial hlossings until- tlio millennium comes. Tlio few porsons who form ivhat is called tho Opposition could not ho . in opposi tion to such n .'party ns wo- aro here outlining. The attempt to show that those men must belong to either the Govornmout or to tho rabidly socialistic party, comes either of ignoranco or of malioe. It'onn hardly ho called n trick hccauso'it is too transparent. Tlio choico of thoY'lectors docs not lio hotween .the sort of Govonimont which wo now havo and- socialism. There is tlio spaeo, equal to that whioli separates tlio poles, be tween these two. Thnt is tlio space which wo desire to .soo filled ' with men such as will presontly ho men tioned by us. They will not . pre- claim . thomselvos as being in opposi tion to tho Government. Tlioy. .will proclaim themsolves as- coming for ward to replace tho Govornmont, : nnd to take chargo of public affairs at a moment so critical in our history. Queensland now requires only to huvo her affairs administered with scrupulous economy in order to lead her on to safety nnd prosperity; that is, with absolute assurances that comniorce is not to bo - disturbed by irritat ing tariffs; that there shall, for tho present, bo no more than tlio soverest nor mal oxpouditure, woll directed, on public works ; that lior financial position alto gether shall at once he put upou an ussured foundation; and that her vast estate in lands and mines slmllhc managed with tho wisdom nnd tho onergy which characterise tho best private enterprise. Somo of the niomhers of the late Oppo sition must he in .favour of this, and must ho willing to drop tho designation Opposition, nnd to join a truly constitutional and progressive pnrty which should quickly ' and easily march straight to victory in this con test. , The keynote to tliis should bo struck by tho election for Brisbane North. Thore should ho offored to tho doctors of this constituency, two men of largo commercial and financial ox- perionco. . -\Vo aro assured thnt two such men 'will ho found. Any other description of momhor would not only fail to represent, hut would bo C'uro to misrepresent Brishunu. It is almost childish to speak of ony mrm's perBoiwl ability apart from tho ; : ' ' -y.l."' factor of his special, fitness. This is too obvious to requiro furthor obser vation. Brisbane North must havo for its representatives two men, who, as wo luive said, huvo tho special fitnoss to represent tho capital and to lend tho electoins of tho country ; imd in connec tion with whom' no bugbear or.Logio could be associated ; who eau ho trusted notvto.be subject to occult influences, and who would not|. to save tlieir souls, betray thuir country. ' To ' offer candi dates about whoso soundness on any of these subjects would- raise suspicion and excite hostility' would bo most unwise. The country is suffering from enough : trouble as it is. Thoro will he more, if ghosts aro to be raised from graves, nnd skeletons brought out of closets. Not tliiit tho country is afraid to faco these things. There is on the part of several persons nn intense thirst to havo soma of these disputed matters fought out again and settled for anothor tonu. of years. _ Tlioy are ready for tho fray. But it is bettor not' to provoke any such conflict. Should it he provoked, those who pro- voku it must hear the burden of -blame ; nobody doubts tho issue. 'Meanwhile "wo again repeat that Brisbane must ho represented by two Hicn returned as independent of tho Government, hut with the full intention to form n party on flic lines of a policy that will he sufficiently definite for the intelligence of tlio entire community, and especially, for those of thencw House who are prepared to support a Government tliut will ho liberal, yet faithful to the constitution nnd energetic in promoting all political rights nnd all forms of commercial and industrial progress.. That party will now be formed; - ' 