IN THE BAR PARLOR. ' It is at times amusing,' said the Publisher, ' to watch the deve lopment of tilings in Hobart. Now there is that drainage board scheme. It lin s been condemned upon all sides over and over again. ? ' ' Not on all sides,' remarked the Worm. ' True. It has not boen con demned by those who draw a screw out of it. They don't care so long as they can draw whether it is laughed at or not. They have hides too thick.' ' If one laughed at a bullock for eulking in the mire he would not feel it,' observed the Bottle-holder. 'Just so. I see also that the chairman of that board or whatever they call it ? ' ' A German parliament is the name it. has earned for itself by reason of there being no listeners, but all talkers,' said the Snub Editor. ' Right you are. But I see the chaiiman informed them that be know of a firm of Sydney contrac tors who would drain Hobarl. at a price considerably under Mault's scheme. What does it mean P' ' That's nothing. I guarantee that any decent man who wasu't a muddler could effectively drain and parity Hobart at a third less. He might not purify the people, but he could keep them clean. The place has a natural drainage of its own, and if we had a few honest men here who would go square and fair there would be an end to our fevers and things in one jump. Bat it's like the road to the West Coast. Any man could walk there on a sandwich and a pint of beer, and wheel a perambulator with a pair of twins in it, yet to listen to the fuss made about the ' best route ' and ' inaccessible country ' and other rot one would think we were ex ploring Australia.' ' It is true,' sighed the Gloomy Man, ' we put up with these people, and as long as Tassy is Tassy so will it all proceed just as it is doing. We are the standing joke of the colonies and the cham pion grabbers. By and bye they will turn against us in contempt.' 'I know of a case,' said the Editor, ' when there was an out cry about the timber trade lan guishing and men were out of work where a party from the other side came over and proposed to float a company to open np the trade. There was plenty of sale for the timber, and he could get rid of every stick of useful stuff in the island for them. But what hap pened ? He was blocked at every corner, and could absolutely not even get a man to go with him to the forest and fihow him some of it. If he wanted to open the country he would have been compelled to fetch his own men and his own tools, bring along his own ships, and take it away.' ' A lot of good that would do us,' remarked the Poet. ' It is even so. The West Coast minerals furnish an example, and we will never advance until we are repopulated or annexed to some other place. There are none so blind as those who won't see.' * * # ' Some of the workings of the regulations the foorce stagger under show a remarkable amount of in telligence and common sense,' said the Police Court Reporter. ' I attended court last Tuesday when they fetched up an old woman for being drunk iu Argyle-stieet. It seems she got into a front garden and became a nuisance there. Not having sufficient motive power upon tbe pivmi&cs; to remove her, they seut for » policeman, who piomptly ejected the objectionable bundle into i.lie roadway, and Kfein-r (but she was drunk, lur.ked her up.' ' Which was cjuite right,' snid tbe Athletic Man. ' Which was quite aud altogether wrong, lie should have charged her with being illegally on the pre mises uuder section ? ' 'Do you suppose every Robert, in Hobart is a lawyer!'1 He would have to carry about a copy of tin police court statutes with iiini.' 'Anyway, it was no. Jiufc per haps if he bad walked round two blocks und then came again upon tbe scene a.s if he bad never seen her before be might have been able to have eliected htr arrest.' 'Quite bo. Of hare whispered in tlifi ear of a mate.' .. V . ? ' Or could he not have charged her with obstructing the footpat^F' queried the Worm. ? ' ' Or he might have surrounded her and charged her mthseditiou,' mused the GHoomy Mau. '? If she was drunk why con Id the man not look her op under that charge P' queried the Io«igni6cant Man. 'If you had attended court as much as I,' returned the Police Court Reporter, ' you would .know that if a constable puts his hand upon a person, that same party is iu custody. The constable in ques tion put his hand npon the old. woman when he removed her from the garden. So she was in hi» charge, and the proper course for him to pursue would have been as directed.' ' And have we no officers ablo to direot the men what charge (o bring into court P' asked Jim the Lnney. 'It wonld seem not,' returned tho other. * ? ? 'Riches seldom beget benevo lence,' said the Government House Man, ' and up where 1 live there is a young married couple who very distinctly prove such an as sertion. They are both rich, for money married money. They nil I never live out of Hobart, for if they went into society in Melbonrne it would cost them too much to keep house. They keep two servants, because their domicile is somewhat extended ; but their table ie ou a par with their meanness.' ' They are not alone in that res pect,' said the Sporting Reporter. ' Why Brasseye it is well known cleared out becaue e he was so over come with our hospitable aud mag nificent ways.' ' A visitor dropped in unex pectedly upon this fond pair,' said the Government House Man, ' just. at dinner time. They did not expect anybody, and the stupid girl showed him right in. They were seated at a sumptuous boaid.' 'Yes,' said the Barmaid, 'how nice. Love's young dream at the banquet board. W hat had they for dinner P' ' Haricot. Three chops for hash. Two for the gentleman and one foi the lady.' *' I shouldn't fancy love's young dream would last very long ou that sort of tucker,' said the Barmaid. * ? # ' The Mulligan Guards had a shooting match abont a month «go,' said the Sporting Reporter, 'for a pair of crab shells.' 'Who are the Mulligan Guards?' asked the Poet. ' A battalion of our defenders who do some great things at times. Have you never 6een them trying to hit the bull's eye. ' I have seen some of them try ing to cod on a lieutenant to shout,' said the Sunday Man. ' And not succeed. Rather more of the Jimmy Woodser about him than is necessary. However, a bootmaker gave a pair of crabs for a prize, ns 1 said, and being shot for wore won by the captaiu. He very genoronsly put them up again to be shot for anew, as an officer and a gentleman should, but just as they were arranging matters a regular Jimmy Woodser cime along and claimed them as his own. He had scored second, and the winner bad forgotten to pay up his Bub scription. It was an omission, but still he claimed.' ' Did they drown him ?' asked the Worm. ' They didn't bother. Bot they put him out of it for all that, and now, in consequence (hey call him ' Jimmy,' and that Tommy Atkins crowd give him a life of it vou can bet.' ' Comment is superfluous,' said the Worm. * ? ? ' I have missed the doctor lately very much,' observed the Sunday Man. 'Where bis he gone r'' ' Do you 1uen.11 the duke with tho mo V' asked the Landlord. ' Yes. Tvviney, the teashop man's cousin — tigont for horizon tal bars and gridirons. What has become of him P I have not. seen him since the night Jim the Luney put a saveloy in his glass of beer.' ' I was told tb lit Iu received a t.-legi-Hm from Hie Prince of Wales t'i go oit»t and play euchre with him,' said the lioMleholder. 'And 7 '.--as told that ho received a call to slug ' An Irishman's Toast. ' before the House of Com mons when tliu Irish Bill was on,'j pnt in the Athletic Man. 'You are all qutj.of.it,' said $h.e Barmaid. 'Ho has roiib to Sydney for his honeymoon.' ' ,Por bio what, P' . 11 For his honeymoon. He dis regarded Sam Waller's advice to his son to ' beware of vidders ' and ban gone. He taught the child to call him 'da' for some; weeks before hand so that it -would not pome awkwsrd when . they were dining out. It is exceedingly embarrassing to be noticed as a newly-done-for man, you know.' 'I wonder will he return much altered P' reveried tbe Worm. ' Every man is /filtered when ho is spliced, isn't he P' returned the other. Bat speaking of honeymoon trips I heard of a couple who were very spooney indeed, nnd on visit ing tho seaside they ripped a waiter to pnt it, about that they had beeu matried for years. They noticed that the company were very cool to them indeed, and the women especially whenever they oame into the room looked at the bride with a stony etare, and then whispered amongst themselves. On one occasion there was a dead silence in the room, which wag worse than all. On leaving (he man called tho waitet. 'I thought I tipped you a sovereign to inform those ppople that we were not newly married ?' ' A.ud so I did,' re turned the serving man. ' How comes it then that we ore the sub ject of each notice P Are you sure you told them that we were not newly married P' ' Oh certainly, sir, certainly,' returned the man. ' I told 'em yous not newly married, sir — in fact, I said to 'em as yous never married at all sir.' ' * # ? 'Upon the Lachlau they have the ghost too,' said the Sunday Man. ' I wfls out that way last week, nnd was informed that n terriblu apparition was seen there lately in the form of a man or mon key, ri nd with hair and moustache much the ?o!or of the wild dingo with four or six eyes, which my in formant informed me that if any of the Ci.irrr.1; agents came up tlul way to be very careful and take ont the office gun with them. He feared some catastrophe would occur. However, up to the present all has gone well.' ' Was there not something about a tall bat,' asked the Sporting Re porter, ' which was the subject of some discussion ?' 'It was of a bellfopper lately arrived from the old country by the last mail boat. I cannot say if the vessel was chartered for tho purpose or not, but it was got in time to take its relation from Hobart out ou Sunday. It made me feel quite ill when I saw it. None of tho dogs have barked since.' ' No wonder some of them have heir ou their teeth up that way,' said tbe Government House Man. ? ? # ' I was out ou the Domain last Sunday,' remarked Jim the Luney, ' and was much struck with the mauy lunatics congregoted there. Several sects were holding forth at one time. The old pro fessor was trying to explniu things to a disinterested crowd, whilst a mob of boys tortured him .al most beyond endurance.' ' Bat it is not new. The scripture tolls how some boys tortured nn old prophet until two bears came out of tbe woods and eat them up.'' ' The bear don't exist which cnuld swallow a Hobait boy,' Baid Jim the Luuey. ' He would fall dead of nan sea. But really some thing ought to be done to put an end to it.' ' Ate tho-e Mormon agents doing anything ?' asked the Gloomy Man. ' I should fancy Hobart is not at all a bad place fora Mormon house hold.' ' It wonld flourish here, doubt less,' returned the Worm, ' pro vided they didn't get two years all round. 'Tvths ever thus. And We cun't change it, Wofiiii'tclinnBeil; -jur gain are ever light, uud pa)1, Thoy like a frosli boy every duv. Audwc can't diaiiuu it Tlie roasou's very nliy ; Jlut we'll trade 'cm oil' in buudk-t Iu tho ewoct by nud bye. 