WERRIBEE NOTES. MR JAMEs WA?LL, who returned home from Dr. Fitzgerald's Hospital a fort night ago, is rapidly 'getting right again. This young gentleman has had now about 12 months under the doctor's care with his leg that he injured while stock-riding, and after repeated operations the ultimate result is the shortening of the leg a couple of inches. He has had an extremely painful illness, which he has borne with great patience and fortitude. Mr Collins, returning from Little River on Wednesday afternoon, got a severe knocking about from the hail stones ,that fell during. the storm;'as 'he'was in an, open trap and could not get shelter, he encountered the full tforce of the storm. . On arriving in the Werriibee he exhibited some of. the hailstones to bystanders, and they were as large as walnuts althotgh the storm did not . reach Werribse you could hear it miles away. There is great joyamong the farmers. at the splendid rains that have fallen during the week, and any fear . that they may have had that the seed would fail for want of nourishment have been dispelled; everything now promises "a good winter for the. crops, and a possible plentiful harvest later on. We noticed Mr Harry Brush on the Werribee. plarformij last Thursday, walking witlh the aid of two sticks..' It will be remember that this young. gentleman got severely injured by a hunting accident last hunting season, and for months his case was critical, but thanks to'a good constitution and careful and skillful. treatment he is about again, a ghost of his former self, and it will be months yet before he is thoroughly well. So far.no move-has' been made by our .footballers towards banding to gether for the coming season's contests. Last year they were fairly successful in the matches played, and if they get early to practice this season should be able to establish a record. The English' Church aniniversary takes place on Queen's Birthday; when a tea meeting will be held. After the tea I 'think there will be a short concert and Mr Rice's company. will play the ," Chinese Question." As these gatherings are generally most enjoyable affairs, there is sure. to be a large attendance on this occasion. On Wednesdity morning ithe corner of Watton and Station streets. pre sented the appearance of a 'miniature lake, the water'laying half way across the road for nearly ~2 hours, and this in the .main street and in front of business premises whose. tenants have to pay rates. To gdt' to' the, shops of 'Messrs MissenA A ihby and the: news agency, you had to wade anii le deep truly a nice state of affairs in the' model shire with the large credit balance in the bank, that the president and councillors so frequently 'make a boast of. Coursing, like horse racing in= Werribee seems to have died a natural death. Surely in a district like ours so suitable for coursing a club could be formed, and a few stakes run off during the season; both local and Opoped! I would suggest that a meeting be called to be held at the Mechanics' to talk the matterover, and seeif something cannot be done. Tie Casmos Jrfagazine for March contains an interesting article, by Mrs Charles Bright, on Joseph Cook, the Labor member in the Reid Cabinet, who has filled the position of Post master General with credit. From the coal pit to the spacious official chamber at the General Post Office is, as Mrs Bright observes, almost as dramatic a change as any brought about by the potency of Aladdin's lamp. It is nearly five years ago since Mr Cook first took his seat in the Legislative Assembly. Port Melbourne residents and pro perty owners who clamoured to have the town sewered first aire undergoing a serious experience. Whole rows of houses are collapsing, while paths and streets have dropped out of their usual symmetry. The Port is not built upon a rock. South Presbyterian S.S. chrysanthe mum show proved a great success. Incentive given to local growers which must prove beneficial. 