LITERATURE AND THE FINE ARTS. An Able Work. ' The Temulca Tournament, or Prcsbyte nanism and Catholicism compared, by the Very Rev. Theo philus Le Menant Des Chesnais, S.M.' This is a controversy provoked by an attack on the Catholic Church made by a .Presbyterian minister named Dickson— the Rev. J. Dickson, M.A.. — resident in Temulca, New Zealand. It embraces a vast expanse of subjects, but the very rev. writer has had the skill to deal with them, although ex haustively, within reasonable limits. His work will place in Catholic hands a store where, for all defensive purposes, they may, with ease, make themselves masters of everything, whethor doctrinal or historical, to bo adduced in support of controverted points. If the writer shows at any disadvantage it is that he has so feeble an adversary to confront. The Rev. Mr. Dickson is but a,.pooi.' foe for so able a theologian and so profound a scholar to encounter. The writer, however, has taken into consideration the magnitude and importance of the points assailed rather than the imbecility of their assailant, and has, with an able hand, vindicated and explained them. The exjjosuro that he has at the same time made of the assailant is one that the divine in question is not likely to forget. It may bo hoped that ho will remember it to his benefit. The mind must; be dense, indeed, that cannot perceive the force of the very rev. writer's arguments and explanations. The book is one that adds notably to the treasures of Catholic literature produced in the colonies. It has been published at the Tablet ollice in Dunodin, and is creditably printed and turned out. ' The Clairaudient, a Story of Hints Psychical Research, by Ernest from the Robin.' Sydney : Angus and Mahlltmas. Robertson. — We have here a story, or sketch, or indication— begun with. ban let up toy and ending with matrimony or its preliminaries— of the career of a young journalist. What wo seem not to have is exactly what the title promises — that is, ' psychical research.' Wo havo a a psychical inroad, or an abrupt psychical communi cation, or a sories of such ; but whence it comes, or whither it goes, or what it particularly means, there is no research, no attempt at research, to inform us. The impression on the average reader seems to be that he has seen a ghost, but some slight confusion remains as to whether it was in very deed an emana tion from the vasty deep. The impression made by the psychical element in the sketch seems, in a word, not likely to be very profound, unless where minds have been duly softened beforehand. In other respects the little volume is of considerable interest and may %e read with pleasure. It is well printed and neatly turned out. A critic who deals with Falguiere's A Timely statue of the ballet girl, ^ which in Warning, this year's Salon has obtained such criticism and caused such scandal, predicts for cyclists also peculiar contortions of the body. The training of the dancer, as illustrated by the statue in question, develops strange corporal abnormities. The warning to cyclists may possibly prove timely. It should certainly do so against their posing, for an artist, in the nude. A Trianon, a new composition by An Irish Mine. Augusta Holmes, has gained Composer, favourable notice from Parisian critics. It is described as suggesting the design of a minuet of the 18th century, and as marked by a grace and elegance that recall the works of Rauieau and Sulli. The work which estab lished lino, Holmes' reputation was her 'Argo- nautes.' More memorable, however, to people of Irish race was her cantata, of which Ireland was the subject, for the Exhibition of 1889. Like Wagner and Mermet, the verses Mme. Holmes sets to music are of her own writing. She is well sustaining in France the fame of Ireland, the home' of her fore fathers, as a land of song. One of the great attractions of the A Musical summer in Europe has been the Ride. performance of Wagner's operas at Bayreuth. A novelty was a journey thither on their cycles of musical wheelmen from Paris. The prospects of the opera next An season in London, made doubtful by Enterprising the death, of Sir Augustus Harris, Countess, have been restored through the enterprise of Lady de Grey. Her ladyship undertook to get up a guarantee fund, and when she had secured some four or five promises a wealthy American stepped in and declared that she had done enough, gallantly making good his words by putting down the rest of the money. The guarantee fund is apart from the subscriptions, which exceed JM-00 per night. Earl de -*rey will take part in looking after the interests of the sub scribers. The director will, probably be Mr. Maurice Grau, retrievement of whose fortunes, it may be remembered, Mine. Sarah Bernhardt had promised for next year. Jean de Reszke, nevertheless, for whose co- operation Mme. Bernhardt also promised, has only conditionally given his consent; but Mme. Melba will, in any case, be. there, and others. Mr. Grau, in association with Mr. Abbey, will direct the American season, for which ,£10,000 has been guaran teed at New York, from November to March. The majority of the artists have been engaged from London, Our new contemporary, The Block, A New brings ' fashion and the musical Sydney glassos' very pleasantly into pro Weekly, minence. The social, literary, and artistic worlds find in our contem porary a bright and intelligent exponent. Readable sketches and crisp paragraphs go to make up the promise of a prosperous career, or certainly to merib such. Professor Stanford has resigned the Question- directorship of the Dublin ' Feis ' able owing to the refusal of the manage Conduct. ment to engage the Manchester Orchestra. The management pre ferred local musicians, and, besides, the cost— some .£15,000 — would be too heavy. A performance of the Passion Play A Doubtful has been undertaken in the watch Undertak- making village of Sel/zach, near ing. Soleure, in the Jura. It is condemned as lacking the art of Bayreuth and the piety of Oberammergau. The motives of the undertaking are said to be mercenary. Great nautical fetes have taken Gilding the place with much eclat at Monte Toils. Carlo. Evidently nothing is left undone there to promote the for tunes of the Casino. The sculptor Granet, who had been The Russo- commissioned to execute a pedes French trian statue of the Czar Alexander Alliance. III. for the town of Kostrama, has returned to Paris, filled with delight at the hospitality shown towards him in Moscow. 'The Pretoria Waltz/' by Lionel New Music Alexander. — This is a fine, spirited at Messrs. waltz, with a taking and pretty Nicholson melody, and abounding in rich and and Co.'s. skilful harmonies. The key is G, but variety is obtained by modula tions respectively into C and. E. The swing for the dancers is marked, and the waltz should become a favourite in the ball-room. — ' At Twilight's Hour :' a song written and composed by Horace H. Spooner. In this song touching words are set to a sweet and jDlaintive air, with an accompaniment of full, soft chords. The range is the octave of F, and the key that of A flat. ? Renewed work for the critics has Fiat been jDrovided in two new lives of Justitia. Cardinal Manning. One has been written in England by Mr. Wilfrid Ward ; the other comes from France, and its author is M. Francis de Pressense, whose conversion to the Catholic faith is now a fait accompli. Let us hope that our friends of the reviews and newspapers will see reason to alter the rash judgments based by them on Mr. Purcell's Life, or what they had managed to glean of it, and that they will have the honesty to acknowledge their more enlightened conclusions ? ' While the Billy Boils,' by Henry An Lawson. — This is a republication by Interesting Messrs. Angus and Robertson, in Publication, book form, of a collection of short tales and sketches which, with two exceptions, have been published severally and at various times in certain colonial newspapers. Colonial life in its more humble forms is the subject dealt with, and, whether in the city or the back blocks, the insight into human nature is keen, and the local colouring is true and vivid. A dry, quaint humour is generally characteristic of the work. It is not, however, wanting in pathos or in a somewhat stern philosophy. The style is natural and unstrained, and in the incidents and narrative there is much to interest and amuse. The book is cleverly illustrated and tastefully got up. ? ' This concert came off with marked The success on Wednesday night at Orchestral the Town Hall. The performance Society's was throughout excellent. Owing Concert, to pressure on our time, we are obliged to hold over to our next issue a notice more in detail. 