THE STORYTELLER. "FLO," A BUSH MAIDEN. Hv C. Uogue Lui'KMAKN. While lioundary-ridiiifr on Mount Wallace 6tuiion I managed to earn the reputation of being the meanest sportsman on the country side. It was drearilul. I had always taken infinite pains to act justlv in my dealings with the bush people, and to come in sud denly ior sunli a title was truly a misfortune. What had I done ? I had shot the last deer ; killed an innocent, little creature-the one thing on earih which had kept a hutuan mother's heart whole. it was in this way. Coming strange to the place, 1 looked round lor the best gaps in the hills, and lor grassy gullus where 1 was likely to make a bag, tor I had been told there were deer in the district. It turned out that there was only one, and seeing it browsing in a gully one day I got up a tree, waited lor it to come within range, tired, and killed it. There was a small hot at the bottom of the gully where, on one or two occasions, I had seen an old man pottt-iing about, so, shouldering my game. I struggled off to the hut, thinking how delighted its occupier would be with a haunch ot venison ; but on behdlding my spoil the old man nearly fainted. " Take it and yourself away," he ehouted ; "you'll never do any good in thisworldor the next. Wait till the Widdy Mack see's ye; she'll brain ye if she has strength enough." " What do you mean ?" I asked. " What is this to do with with the Widdy Mack? Surely she doesn't own the country and everything in it?" " Never you mind ! War'n't it Flo's pet, and ain't the old woman lived on the sight of it ever since the girl died ?' " I don't know anything about the pet and the girl; this is a wild deer and you're mis taking it for another." " No, I ain't! There warn't but one deer in the districk, and 1 knows it. Now the best thing you can do is to bury that straight away, for ii the bushies finds out as how you've killed Flo's deer, by ghost you won't come ofi' bpst in the scrimmage, I tell you." The old man was so genuinely aroused that 1 began to think that he must be on the right side, so I qu'ptioned him about the deer and about Flo, and other things he had spoken of. After a while I was satisfied to take his advice, and without removing its pretty skin, I buried Flo's pet in the gully near to where I had killed it. The old man's story of Flo had impressed me, and I sauntered slowly home to my camp, thinking of her all the way, and that night 1 believe my dreams were of the girl, even though I had never seen her. The next day I rode round by the Widow Mack's, intending to sound her on the story of Flo-and the deer. The widow lived in a small slab house of two rooms, with a bark skillion at the back, coder the brow of a heavilj-timbered range, and got her living honestly, though it would be difficult to aay how. After bitching up my reina to a post and taking siock ot the little home, I rapped at the door, and the widow opened it and stared at me without saying a word. 1 6aw that she was em barrassed on beholding a stranger, so I stepped lack and said, "Good morning. I'm the new boundary-rider, and I called to know what your cattle brands are ; lor I'll be round the Sapling Creek in a day or two, and it I see anything of your's there 111 cut it out of the mob and run it home for you." " Thank'ee. Oh, yon're the new boundary rider, are ye? Weel, come awa ben. 1 waa just a £oin' to put the billy on to make a pannikin o' tea, so you can hae a drap wi' me." "Thank you," I said and stepped in. " What have you got in the cultivation this year?" I asked, addressing her as if I knew all about her affairs. "Oh! Nothing lut a Lit of fowl wheat. I dinna fash myeel' aboot anythin' noo- noo puir Flo's gone." " No, I Boppose not." " No. It was a decent patch before Mnrda (Murdoch) left me, but noo i eanna bother aboot it, and I let things gang their ain gait." She was a woman nearly sixty years of age, with a rather pleasant face, exopting that she had terribly blood-shot eyrs, ami she kept her apron on her handB ami now and then soaked up the tears which streamed almost incessantly down her checks. 1 had paesed many years in the wild liu*h country, and had known hundreds of honn s simpler and rougher than this, but alone with this sorrow ing creature, who eeenied to live on the one word " Flo," 1 felt strangely stirred and im pressed. When the billy boiled she made the tea. Then I pot Beveral questions to her, which she answered briefly, and at last inquired " You di<1na ken Flo, did ye V" " No ; I never knew her." " Oh,, she was a guid gurl-a gae, bonny gurl she was-puir Flo!" " How did she-die ?" I asked. "Oh she died easy, but she lived hard. 0' course I didna ken she was like that, or I shouldoa leu her do it. When Iter father died we shifted out here fra the Marsh. That was saxten years syne, and Murda WHS a line big lump o' a laddie, j took up a selection here, and some of the eoekies in the Marsh used to come oot wi' their tools and trams and put a crop in for me i' the spring. and with a tew head o' stock we did right line for a time, Murda used to tak' the liit butter a' few eggs to the township wanst. a moon, and wanst a year I sold me t>it crop and got enough to keep the selection paid up. O' course 'twas hard times wi' us, but 1 didna mind so long as the bairns kep' well and hearty. " Auld U'engie as lives doon the gully uspd to he uncommon great wi' us, and I thocht that IM liv to see the time when I would pay tin for't all." Here she sobbed aloud, and then miked dolefully on. "O" course in time Murda wanted to gang to the Marsh to school, and I k> lined he oclit to go, but 1 said, ' Ye maun bide anent anither ynii', ;ti)d then your miiher a' sister Jl be able to do wi'out ye. while ye gang awa' to learn to be a mon.' But he were a Btubborn laddie, and wadna liide after tor making up his mind, and Flo were a gae little lassie about ten a' the limp, and she brtrg.-d me to let Murda go to school, for though she liked him line she was a' heart that he should ken his buik and conip hame to instruct her. " So Murda went to school. " 1 hadnato pay anything for his keep, for the cookies in the Marsh were verra guid, and keeped him turn aboot a' the years he bid there. " He was a gran' scholard, and kenned his iiuik line, and I didna begrudge him his power, '>ut his goiti' awa' just killed Flo. Puir, puir Flo! "0 course, I couldna help feelin'lonely . when he went awa. and ;tu)d H'enuie nuct to come every d.-iy to help me wi' the stock, and little Flo was aye busy tryin' all she knew, how to make me bright, and I wt re after a time quite satisfied ; but I didna think abobt me puir wee bairn. She was never tired ! " Mony's the time she would be oot o' bed and up at a gap in the Tune'tine range three miles awa"-belore daylight, and in a' weathers, to stop the cattle fra travellin' over the spur into the long gully-for ye ken if they wanst got doon there we mightnasee 'em again for a moon. Then she used to work >n the cultivation all day, and she rung that 20-acre block below the dam all by her little sel\ And what was there to eat or drink or see for it all ? She kenned but nine or ten folk in the world. " I mind we always had a datrper and tea, and sometimes she'd set a trap anT^IIir* rabbit or a hare, but them was aboot «. V* had to lev and work for. °U "fa " When Mnrda come hame slip Waa . , lassie o'thirteen. She was aye bright \ she never had a bit o' colour, and L dw ^ think her verra hearty, but I never thS she were so near hame. " I were quite grey mesel when quite youns lor my guid monand me hod aroupli start whe we came oot, and the life were h, difwll fra hame in Scotland that I frett. i, ye W and were for a time vprra snir. ' . " But when Murda came han,? an(} » sighted the bairns toe»ther agaii;, my heart leaped wi' joy and I felt quite youn<_'. '.'Twas aboot this time twa yc^rs Hyne nice spring weather, and a gran" loi 0' grass in the gullies-and they twa used t0 KOaff evera day nlayin' and gamin' more l>kel>aiin» than when they was wee things.1' Here the tears streamed down her red swollen cheeks, and her feet iremMed 0n the CIhj' (loor of the hut. After a long pause she went on : " Murda had been hame just thn-p weeks I ken the time weel. It were al uot nine o'clock i' the evenin', and Flo said *he were tired and would gae ta bed. "She had a wee cough, and 1. r twa or three nichts I had made her a drap 0' pnrritch. and Murda had tiken ir into her room and stayed there till she wem to sleep, The nicht she said, ' I'll keas ye not>. rairher, for I'm verra tired, and I'll gae to sV.p qBic£ after takin' the brose.' So I sai l,'Verra weel, Flo,' and I kissed her, and she went into that, little bed as ye Bee there. " By and bye Murda took in the brose, hut, she said, ' Nae! dear brother, I canna eat Frii'ria wfcfl.J'm gaun to dee.'" " ' Go long,***>'8 Mnrda, and sterts plnyin» wi' her, but sha says, 'Call niitiier; I'm enun ,to dee.' pSo Murda called me, anil when I tfent in she said, 'Puir, puir, dear mi her. I'm gaon to leave ye !' " "'No5 nol Flora,' I cried, 'von're no gauti to leave me. I'm wi' ye. and Murda'a wi've, und we won't let ye gae.'" " Butshe put her arms around me neck, and said, 'Good-bye, Marda-eood- bye- puir puir-mother ' and she waa dead.'' The old woman bit her nervous, twitching lips, and repeated to herself, " Pair-puir mother !" "\Ve had to have a doctor, and he said her little heart wai done! " I didna like to tell him a the work she'd done, but he kenned. He said she'd wrought her little life awa', and she was ainly thirteen! " We buried her down in the£uHy, npor to where there is a spring, and the grass is always green, and a little wild deer tli.it Flo loved belter than everything in the world, except me and Murda, is always fee<iin? ""'i reating there, and seems to know qui;t weel a* aboot puir Flo." With tearful eyes I stood up and r-rfssed the old woman's hand. There was n > room for cant here. I could onlv bid 1 ;. r "ike heart, and wishing her good- day, ro.li- off to th" gully. "I found the green patch and a i^apof stones marking the spot wlwe Flo -veps close tit-aide her little wild compnnioi.. which I had shot and buried there onlv i ^ day b fore." 