INTERCOLONIAL ROWING. FOURSOME AND SCULLING CHAMPIONSHIPS UNFAVOURABLE WEATHER. A STRONG GALE BLOWING. ANOTHER WIN FOR VICTORIA THE SCULLING RACE EASY WIN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER (By Telegraph from our Correspondent.) SYDNEY, May 21. A more miserably disheartening day for the aquatic intercolonial championship events could hardly be imagined than yesterday. A strong southerly gale, accompanied by showers of sleet, blew with great violence all the afternoon, and made racing both hazardous and unpleasant. In the first event-the Champion Fours-the three crews ranged themselves at the starting point The Brothers. The course was two and a-quarter miles, upon the Parramatta, River, and great regret was expressed at the non-participation of Queensland in the event, owing to the inability of that colony to procure a suitable boat in Sydney. Victoria put a splendid crew out, who, it was thought, would in fine weather hold the race in the palm of their hand ; but it was felt that probably the strong wind and choppy sea would give New Zealand an opportunity to snatch a win under conditions suited to the great weight and strength of the crew. The New South Wales crew had only practised together during the week, and so it was felt that they had not the ghost of a chance, and this surmise proved to be correct. The race was started half-an-hour late New Zealand being on the northern shore, New South Wales in the middle, and Victoria on the southern shore, the latter gaining a material advantage from its position. The crews got well away, Victoria strik- ing forty-five strokes to the minute, New South Wales forty-three, and New Zealand forty-four. They all got the wash of the ferry steamer, but then Victoria began to forge ahead, and at Abbotsford led from New Zealand by half-a-length, and New South Wales by a full length. Approaching Gladesville the force of the wind began to be felt, and the New Zealand crew made up a little of their lost ground. The wind drove the two crews towards the wharf, and the New Zealanders held up a hand as a protest, which, however, was not sustained, although the oars of the two boats actually touched. The rough water tested the endurance of the crews across to Hen and Chickens Bay, and the Victorians showed a tendency to roll. The New Zealanders pressed them hard here, but Sloane called upon his men, and they increased their lead to a length. The efforts of the New Zealanders here began to tell on them, No. 2 and No. 3 especially being distressed. They, however, Kept on manfully, but the Victorians, with the race well in hand, just kept a lead of a length till nearing the winning post, which they passed three lengths ahead of New Zealand,' New South Wales being last, ten lengths behind. Time, 12min. 32sec. For the Sculling Championship the competitors were M. J. Slack (Queensland), J. L. Bannister (New South Wales), K. McCormack (New Zealand), and E. Powell (Victoria). Slack drew No. 1 position, on the north shore, and Bannister, Powell, and M'Cormack ranged across in the order named to the southern shore, the latter being on the southern side. The betting was 5 to 4 and even money against Slack, and 6 to 4 v. Bannister. It was 5 o'clock before the race commenced. Bannister and Powell were the quickest away, but after the first half-dozen strokes Powell steered a bad course, and did not clear the wharf, and M'Cor- mack was even worse off. At this point Bannister and Slack were about on even terms, but the former hedged to the southern shore to escape the wind, and Slack kept in midstream. The latter maintained a steady pace in the rough water, and the other two were out of the contest at Gladesville ; but Bannister and Slack were so far separated laterally that from the rear It was hard to say who had the advantage. The wind was very strong In Hen and Chickens Bay, and Powell gave up. There was not much in it apparently until off the Gasworks, when Slack began to leave the New South Wales representative, who despite his faster stroke could not hold his own. At Put- ney Slack had a lead of a length and a-half, which he increased at the mile beacon, and spurting off Uhr's Point he won with a good deal to spare by five lengths, though Bannister finished in good style. M'Cormack persevered to the end but was 200 yards away. The times were a One-man Wharf, 2min. 3sec; Gladesville, 4min. 35sec. ; Tenny- son, 9min. 26sec; Putney, 13min. 25sec; Blaxland's. 16min. 24sec; Uhr's Point, 21min. 6sec; the beacon, 23min. 44sec. 