Tho ilois 0S ilicG. [BY DR. 3. H. ROBINSoN.] OHAPTER V.-Continued. The qiadroon handed Howden his hat and cane, and the last words he heard, as she let him out were, ' My box, my box.' The Jew arose in his bed, and lis tened till the footsteps of Howden could be no longer heard. His eyes burned like meteors. 'Girl,' he said, taking a bunch of keys from beneath his pillow, 'take these and keep them till they are wanted. Nowpour me a glass of that old wine; it is the vintage of a hun dred years ago. How clear, how sparkling. It is like distilled amber. It will make the heart labour awhile longer.' Ruby filled and gave him a brimming glass; he drank it at a draught, smiled, and said, 'Another, girl, another.' He then settled back upon his pillows, closed his eyes, and neither spoke nor moved until Otto was heard at the door, which was at the expira tion of a half-hour. The old man heard the tread of a stranger in the room, and turned his head a little. 'Here is the Rabbi, Master Levi, and it's a good deal of good I hope he may do you; though, if I was in your place, I should rather have a Christian priest.' The Rabbi was a venerable man, considerably bowed with age. His deportment was grave and imposing. ' Thou art of the faith of Israel ?' queried Levi. ' I serve the one and only God, and have come to give thee such comfort as my sacred office can offer.' 'Thou art a stranger to me, but death presses me so hard, that I must even trust to strangers. For spiritual consolation I look not to man, but to God and the Scriptures; it is of worldly matters that I wish to speak. Swear to me, by our holy religion, that you will faithfully discharge my wishes ?' ' I swear by the Temple and by the Holy City, that I will faithfully dis charge whatever trust you may desire to repose in me,' said the Rabbi, with emphasis. 'We will waive, then, all matters of religion, and leave my soul in the hands of its Maker. I have no heirs nor; kindred.' Then to the quad roon: 'Girl, come hither with the keys.' Ruby approached the bed. ' Take the largest one,' he con tinued, 'and unlock that closet door.' :Ruby obeyed with the same quiet ness that had characterised all her movements. Having unlocked and opened the door, which was of oak, another of iron was exposed to view. ?'The old man began to cough violently. Otto ran to support him, fearing that he would strangle; he grew pale, too, and his arms trembled beneath the weight of his master's head.' He cast eager, impatient glances at the quad roon. The dying man revived pre sently, and said : ' Take the next key on the ring and unlock the second door.' This order was obeyed, and another door of iron was revealed. Levi had a second paroxysm of coughing. The Rabbi was agitated; he gazed at Levi with indescribable anxiety, and bit his nether lip till it was stained with blood. ' A little of the wine,' whispered the Jew. Otto brought the glass, but with such trepidation that half of it was spilled before it reached the old man's lips. 'The third key on the ring will open the third door,' panted Levi. The quadroon calmly unlocked the third door swung it deliberately open; and Otto and the Rabbi saw a square iron box, with rings at the sides. 'Draw out the box,' added Levi, speaking with effort. Ruby grasped the ring with both hands, and exerted all her strength, but could not move the box. 'Otto, go and help her,' said Levi, trying to lift himself up so as to catch a glimpse of his adored treasure. Otto Stein hastened to add his strength to the girl's; but the box did not move. 'Good Rabbi, lend your aid.' The Rabbi complied with this request with singular alacrity. The three, with much toil and painstaking, drew the box into the centre of the room, the old man following every movement with his fiery eyes. 'Stand back a little,' he articulated faintly. 'Let the sun come in. I would look at my treasure for the last time. It cost toil and pain, scorn and reproach. And now I must leave it. Holy Abraham, is this just ?' 'The time moves on,' admonished the,:Rabbi. ' The hands on the dial refuse to stop. What disposition wilt thou have me make of this earthly dross?' 'Not yet, not yet. Why do you urge me to speak the fatal words?' Levi hid his face in the pillow and seemed to weep. Presently he roused himself and said : 'I cannot take this with me. To your care I solemnly intrust it, and make you the executor of my will. Hear me, and bear witness, you, Otto, and you, girl, to my wQrds. With the contents of this box, it is my last will and testament that you should erect a Jewish synagogue, according to the plan which you will find among my papers. Nothing will be left to your imagination; every detail of architecture, every item of expenditure, is indicated in the written will inclosed in the box. Venerable father, do you solemnly promise that you will execute, to the * very letter and spirit, my wishes ?' 'I do-I do. Heaven is my wit ness. I will make oath upon the Scriptures,' replied the Rabbi, quickly and earnestly. 'It is enough, it is enough. A Rabbi of our holy religion will not lie. One look more, one last glance at the iron sepulchre that con tains the sum total of my hfe, tears, fears, vexation, fasting, self-denials, exhausting study, years, nights, days, hours, seconds, all! These, these, no more; drag it from my sight, quick, quick!' The dying man shut his eyes, and motioned spasmodically with his hands, for them to take the box from the room. ' The wishes of the dying should be obeyed,' said the Rabbi. ' Otto, assist me to get this curse of the old man's life out of his sight.' The two pounced upon the box like vultures, and exerting every muscle, dragged it from the apartment to the outer door. Otto Stein trembled violently; but Howden, the pretended Rabbi, waslmeaaurably calm. ' Go for a carriage,' he whispered. 'I will remain here till you return, guard our treasure, and see Death snuff the old 3ew's candle, perchance.' 'I fear-I fear to leave it. You may play me some trick; you are so deep, so crafty, so subtle. Heavens, what a fortune is here,' faltered Stein. ' Go, fool! Do you not see that it is impossible for me to remove this box alone ? Do not delay.' Then in a louder voice, so as to be heard by Levi, ' Go, good fellow, for the means of conveying this sordid pelf from the presence of death. It weighs heavily upon the old man's soul.' The quadroon drew near her dying master, and observed that his dia mond-like eyes were directed toward the hall, where the Rabbi was stand ing by the box, while a bitter, mock ing smile rested upon his lips. A coughing paroxysm came on, which lasted several minutes. He pointed feebly to the door, and whispered, harshly, ' Shut it, girl. I have done with earthly matters, and would be alone with the great Conqueror. Don't let them disturb me more.' Ruby closed the door and locked it, propped up Levi in bed, and seated herself near him. A carriage was presently heard to drive to the door; then there was a shuffling and trampling and tugging in the hall; then upon the sidewalk; then the noise grew fainter in the street, and anon the carriage rolled away. During this time the old man sat motionless, with his bearded chin in his hand. When, however, the trund ling of the wheels could no longer be heard, his whole countenance under went a change. He smiled, as if in tri umph, while his eyes flamed up more brightly. ' Girl,' he said, in a changed voice, looking kindly at the quadroon, ' give me ofothe vintage of a hundred years, and leave me. Father Abraham, my box. my box!' The old man laughed wildly, and, draining the glass which the girl gave him, dashed it upon the floor, where it was shivered into a thousand pieces. The girl glided obediently and pas sively from the room. As she closed the door behind her, she heard him exclaim: ' God of my fathers, my box, my box.' He was laughing like a maniac when she turned the key in the door. OHAPTER~ VI. fl WmHII THE RON 00FFER PROVES TROUBLESOME. 'Mount the box, and drive away,' said Howden, when the iron coffer had been safely deposited in the car riage, and both stood panting and perspiring with exertion. ' Where shall I drive ?' asked Otto, whose face was flushed and whose brain was dizzy with excitement. ' Heaven only knows,' returned Howden, reflectively. 'However, get out of this vicinity as soon as pos sible. The Jew dog may change his mind; for they die hard when there's money to leave. Drive into Thapi toulas-street, and up the river toward the plantations. Once out of the city we will devise some method of con cealment at our leisure. Start up your horses, man.' ' Come up and sit beside me,' said Stein, hesitatingly. ' Idiot. Think you that I am a necromancer or the devil that I can spirit away this half ton of gold ?' Otto turned the carriage, swung the long lash of the heavy coach-whip down upon thehorses' backs andmoved off at a gallop. Howden settled him self upon the back seat, rested his feet upon the coffer, and indulged in the most pleasing fancies. A compla-. cent smile was perceptible upon his pale, thin lips. Occasionally he rubbed his palms together, and ex claimed, mimicking the Jew, ' God of my fathers, my box, my box !' When they were clear of the city, Otto stopped, and the pair held a consultation in regard to the con cealment of. their newly acquired wealth. Various expedients were proposed, but whatever one offered was opposed by the other. Howden suggested the propriety of burying it in some secluded place, which Stein objected to, suspicious that it was a design to cheat him of his share. The idea of breaking open the chest and dividing the contents, was also broached; but the impossi bility of carrying so much precious metal about one's person, deterred them from such a course. Stein, at length, hit upon a plan that appeared to Howden more reasonable than any. He said he knew a desolate house, not far from Annunciation-square, which he thought would serve their purpose well. It was very ancient in its con struction, built of stone, and sur rounded by a high wall. Tohis cer tain knowledge, it had not been inhabited for years. T is fabric stood quite alone. Everybody shunned it, and he believed it had the reputation of being haunted. It repelled every one that approached it. Children were never seen lpaying about the walls, and he had heard it remarked that no person had been observed to go in or come out of it for years. He had never found an individual that knew who owned it. There was so much uncertainty on this point, and the whole establishment was con sidered so undesirable that he was very sure it hadn't been taxed for the last twenty years; which was a very strange thing indeed. ' Well,' queried Howden, impa tiently, ' how are you to make this available ?' I'll tell you,' resumed Otto. 'We'll drive about among the plan tations during the day, and at mid night, provided with picks and crows, we'll return, effect an entrance, con ceal our treasure, and leave no trace behind to indicate that the mysterious old house has received a nocturnal visit. This is not all; the place, if it be in any manner habitable, will an swer for a covert for ourselves in case of necessity.' ' Your plan is a good one. I have noticed the house more than once, and its mystery, antiquity, and silence agree well with mymood. If the old house is haunted, so much the better; I always had a hankering for any thing in the line of ghost; and if the Jew, Levi, gets concerned about his treasure, that will be an excellent spot for him to play the enraged hobgob lin.' (To be Continued.) 