'SAID THE BARBER.' I 1- It shall to the Barber.' I — HaMLIT. The Barber holds forth more or less learnedly on State Socialism and the i Female Frnnchise Movement— The Poli (iral Crisis Considered, aud tlie Position of the Labor Party Condemned. 'Good-day. sir,' chirped the Barbsr, as I sub mitted my cranium to to his prehensile talons, 'good-day, sir; 'air ,'gettin' a bit thin on top, I see.' 'Yes.' said I, 'there's a thingummy doth bare our heads, disguise it as we may,' ?Ju380, jasso,' chortled the Barber, 'there are more hair restorers in this hers establish ment than are dreamt of iu your philo sophy.' ( 'I've no doubt of it,' said I, 'and more mysteries in 'em too ; rancid butter dished up as bear's grease, eh ? ' ?Cfeorge Iteid,' remarked the Barber, solemnly, in order to change the conversation, 'is tbe Die It Swiveller of political life, I see him in my mind's eye, a sittin' in a Cabinet couclare, and a sarin' — ' Begone dull care, fan the sinkin' flame of hilarity witb the wing of friendship. Joe Cook, pass the roiy.' It's a rum world this, and politics form a rum occupation.' 'I should say rather a nobis occupation, appealing to the most lofty feelings of patriotism and ' ?Oh! I say, stow that.', sj'4 tue Barber: ! ' SSrt C £- ifiakos me feel a bit sick. I was just about to remark that there's no con sistency in political professors. It's not so very long ago that Mr Beid was spouting forth the plausible theory that the creation of State Sugar Mills coald form part and parcel of a thorough-going Freetrade policy, while now he tells us that the establishment of State Ironworks would be an act of direct State Socialism. If one is a concession to socialistic principles, to is the other. If one can be adopted iu consonance with the teach ings of Cobden, so can the other. George Reid is a flatulent humbug.' ' Have you had your attention directed to the French Franchise question?' I asked. ' In a manner of speakin'.' replied the Barber, ' I've had the subject forced upon me. Only ths other day a cliont came in, and started off before I was ready. Before I had taken soundings, as it were, he got iu Hero dotus Josephns, and Harristottle on me.7 ' Who ?' said I. ' Harristottle,' said he, ' and began to argue away like mad that because the ancient .Romans, and the musty and mildewed Greeks didn't give Women a place in the Forum or a seat in the Curule Chairs, that therefore wa should give the Female Franchise movement the go by.' ' And what did you say ? ' ' Well, I put it to him this way — Is not Woman equal to man ? ' What did he say ? ' , 'Said that the writers of the Talmud held that woman had no souls.' ' What has the Talmud to do with it ? ' ' Isn't the Talmud the highest authority on Biblical history ? ' Cert'n'ly not.' ' Well, I thought it was,' said the Barber ; ' after that he instanced Mahomet, and Vol taire, and Napoleon, as authorities. ' And what did you say to them ?' ' Told him to go and bag his head/ ' What then ?' ' Oh, then, he shifted his tactics altogether. Told me that he could not vote for Woman Suffrage, because a combination of women who led immoral lives might return a man who led an immoral life also.' ' Well, what did,you say to that ?' ' Told -him fairly and squarely that for every woman who led an immoral life there was on the average a man who lived on her, and that, as we did not enquire into the morals, or the religion, or the character, or the education of the men to whom we granted the franchise, we could not enter into the same as regards the women. I added that as women had to conform to the laws, they should be permitted to vote for the election of the people who made those laws— that, I said, was a democratic axiom.' ' What did he say to that ?' Nothing,' said the Barber, 'he simply glided away like a Navigator Islander, or some such heathen archipelago, and I knew him no more. If he'd a'stopped I'd a-knocked him with Florence Nightingale, and Lady Jersey, and Joan of Arc, and a few more women who deserved the suffrage.' ' I see that the Curse of Dean still hangs o'er Parliament '? 'More's the pity, more' a the pity,' assentel the Barber, ' it s a foregone conclusion any how' It does not' matter what charges are brought against the Government the Labor Party hasn't the pluck to act. The 'Solids' can travel round the country, and skite to their heart's content against the Ministry, but vote against them — never ! They are in a delightful fix anyhow ; they've either got to vote in favor of a downright fraud, in favor of paying people twice over, or else they've E01 to vialk out and not vote npon the ques. tion at all. Fagan and Edden, I tbink, will Tote with the Government whatever happe as.' ' What makes you think that ?' ' Will they imperil their £800 a year ?' queried the Barber soornfully. 'Can they knock ont £6 a year by hewing coal at 2s lOd a ton, or by tubthumping for coppers on Sun* days ? Not much ; our mutual friend, Lionel, knows when he's well off, and means to stick where he ia as long as he can. Small blame to him for stioking to a good thing when he's got it- In what other sphere of life coald he I afford to wear tan boots aad sport a fresh button-hole every day ? Fagan's vote is always solid for Ministers. I look upon him as a 'barracker' for Brunker. I don't think the 0ppo6itioa have a ghost o£ a show. The Varney Parkes Enquiry and the Tooth businese furnished better chances — the latter especially. If the Opposition had 'chummed' ia with the Labor Party on tbat question they'd have fared better : as it is, they'll go down — the Labor Party won't come to tea over tbe Dean businesf. To my mind, the policy of ' Hush ' displayed by Ministers over Tooth and Co. constituted a far graver public scandal than even the double payment of the Dean Commission — that's my opinion, anyway.' ' Vou don't think aoything wili come o£ this vote of want of confidence ?' 'Nothing, absolutely nothing,' replied tho Barber ; ' it's a sad waste of powder. At tho same time I think the position was farced on Mr Lyno by the dodgy taotics pursued by Jones and Fagan with regard to Austin, Chapman. If Ministers were not privy to these stall-offs, they may well nray to be de livered from tbeir friends.' 