The Turf. Donald Heyden, who won a double at Broken Hill with The Ghost and Eaglehawk, has taken up his quarters at Gordon's stables, Hume-street, Adelaide. The Ghost is being trained for steeplechasing, and Eaglehawk is being schooled over th« hurdles. Heyden says Eaglehawk is im groving, and will be able to hold his own beforelong. Joi will not be out of training long through his mishaps in the G. N. Steeple- chase, but Quicklight's injuries were more serious, and ne will not be able to run for some time. The Y. B. G. did not lose over the Grand National Meeting, though more money was given away than last year ; in fact, a profit would have been made but for the wretched weather last Saturday. Mr. A. Hooke, the Sydney owner, will have no representative at the Victorian spring meetings. True Blue has been scratched for both Cups, and the pencil has - also been put through Jeweller's name for the Melbourne Cup. Mr. Lodge's Sortie has also been scratched for the Caulfield Cup. War dance and Common, who are engaged in the Coolgardie Cup, were amongst the horses shipped from Melbourne for West Australia this week. Mr. W. B. Wilson has not yet recovered from his illness. He was unable to be present at .Flemington last Saturday and witness Merman's victory in the July Handicap. Mr. J. A. Ellery's resignation as a mem- ber of the S. A. J. C. committee has been forwarded, in consequence of his departure for Mount Gambier. This wfll make three vacancies, for which there are. four candidates-Messrs. Ayers and Pile (retiring members), Alderman Ware, and Mr. H. Bickford. The dispute between MeBBrs. Grice and Davis, joint owners of Hova, which led to the horse's withdrawal from sale on Monday, was caused by one insisting on the horse being sold even if only £10 were bid, while the other wanted a reserve placed on him. The Australian horse Paris III. ran in the Dnrdan's Plate (handicap), one mile and a half at the Epsom Summer Meeting, carry- ing 9st. 81b. He was favorite at 7 to 4 ; but could only finish seventh to Bach, 7st. 71b., and Phoebus Apollo, 7st. llb.} who ran a dead heat. Black Flag, the hurdleracer, who was sold to Mr. L. K. Meyers for 300 guineas, has gone into J. Munro's stable. 