Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis. Miis. G. B. W. Lewis' first essay as a lecturess was a pronounced success, and the audience at the Austral Salon on Thursday evening, Juno 4, honestly felt that no praise was too great for their clever fellow-member. Madame Liet presided in her usual bright and pleasant style. Mrs. Lewis' effort was to entertain and interest her hearers with her remi niscences, and she succeeded admirably. Her perfectly cultivated voice and incisive style ot' utterance gave a characteristic charm to the subject, and made every point tell. "We were left," said Mrs. Lewis, in allusion to her own early struggles, " fatherless and moneyless-six little mouths to' feed, with the eldest son the bread winner. There must have been some talent in us all, for we set to work to learn something to help to keep us. I gut iny mother to teach me to dance, and the first part I played was a clown at the Strand. Then W6 heard that the famous Phelps was to produce Midsummer Night's Dream, and wanted a child to play Puck. My dear father-brother said he would take me, and then all the family started to smarten up my poor clothes and brush my hair-I always had nice hair-and off we started. But my brother didn't know the road, and as we had no money, we had to tramp it. The consequence was that we lost our way, and wandered about for hours. At last we got to the theatre, and after tome waiting, were shown into the presence of the great man. He looked like a king, and I regarded him with awo. My brother explained our errand, and I supplemented his statement with some excited information on my own account, without considering what effect a dropped ' h' or two would have. The end of it was I was engaged to play Puck. Next day I was kept in bed all day to study the part in greater comfort. "When I attempted to get up, the family exclaimed, ' Come, Kose, co a flip-flap.' I was the original Puck in that famous production, and in the notice given by The Times, only two names were singled out-Mr. Phelps and 'Little liose."' This led up to an animated account of Mrs. Lewis' first performance of Juliet, at the age of fifteen, and the assistance tendered her by her loyal family when she was studying the part, which, she had to learn in twenty-four hours. " Not one of us went to bed that night," said the lady merrily, "they all helped me. When I got sleepy, they made me strong coffee; when my head acked, they bound it round with a wet towel, when mother fitted my dress on, one of my sisters held the book in front of me, and another looked ovor my shoulder to see that I did not slip any lines. And so on. The lecture abound with these half-humourous, half pathetic memories of the past. A very clever bit of mimiory was given when detailing an experience of some "drunken ghosts" in Macbeth, the moral being never use real wine on the stage. During the evening several recitations were given, including a scene from The Hunchback and another from Romeo and Juliet. In this Mrs. Lewis sustained the character of the Nurse, and her niece, Miss Graham that of Juliet. Miss Duguid gave " The Wedding Bells" and Mr. G. H.S inith wtts rocalled-for hid dramatic delivery of I " The Face on the Floor." Musical selections by Madame Oheff's mandoline club, with Mtb. Caddy at the piano, made pleasant variation. A very pretty innovation was carried out in the programmes, which were attached to lovely little bunch of violets and maiden-hair, and then presented to the guests. A vote of .thanks to Mrs. Lewis was proposed by Dr. Neild in his usual happy style, seconded by Miss Sophie Osmond and carried enthusiastically. Mrs. Lewis will repeat her lecture, by request, on Tuesday evening next at the Austral Salon, where tickets (two shilling each) are now obtainable. MR. William Elton returns to London in a few weeks' time. Mn, J. J. Kennedy, a well-known Australian actor, died on May 22, in the Auckland Hospital, leaving a wife and one child. He suffered from enlargement of the liver for very many years. THE gauze landscape, with the moonlit forest of Arden showing through, is the newest device in stage lighting attempted in Europe and Americo. It has caused unending admiration to As You Like It audiences. _ Mbs. Patrick Campbell prides herself on her resemblance to Madame Eleanor a Duse, whom she imitates in her gestures. Mra. Campbell's two chief petB are a pair of tiny black dogs, who are made to eat candied violets before visitors. IN order to encourage amateur sfceeplechasing, the Messrs. Manifold, who were successful at On kaparinga, last Easter, have given J.225 toward the Amateur Steeplechase to be run at Onkaparinga, next year. Mil, Brough's new purchases include The Romance of the Shopwalktr (Robert Buchanan),; The Lata Mr. Castello (Sydney Grundy) ; Mrs. Ponderbury's Past (Burnard) j A Woman's Reason (Brookfield and Phillips) j Mrs. Othello (Arthur Shirley and the late Fred Leslie) j and A Mother of Threo (Graves). Thh latest instance of the growing friendship between Churoh and Stage comes from Norwich, where Mr. Wilson Barrett's touring company were playing The Sign of the Cross. The Bishop of Norwich was so impressed with the moral teaching of the drama, that ke granted a speoial dispen sation to anyone in his diocese who wished to see the piece. Not content with that, he invited the whole Sign of th* Gross Company to a garden party at his palace. With this aa a precedent will, say, the Bishop of Melbourne invite the new London Company Mr. George Musgrove is sending out, to " Bishopsoourt," when The Sign of th* Cross is pro duced, at the Melbourne Princess' ? A wandjshino Thespian up Charters Towers way says that washing is four shillings a dozen. And yet the public wonder how professionals Bpend their money. Still the charwomen of Charters Towers have not nearly as golden a time as they had eight Or nine years ago, when thoy asked and obtained nine shillings a cloaen. They received a check once from a visiting dramatic company headed by Mr. 0rattan l&igga.; The memboro demurred to the prico asked, ondeavourod to strike a rate, and failing, borrowed the yard of the hotel wlioro most of tliem lived, and "did" their own washing. The affair created groat excitement, and the charwomen retaliated by staying away from tho theatre. But in the end public opinion veered round to tho dramatic company, and from that day the price of washing decreased. 