« PEABL1N JEAN." x tiuoic love et0hy, Tiik following story is contained in a letter written by Lady John Scott to tbq late Mr. James Gibson-Craig in 180(1. Towards the end of tho seventeenth ocn tury Sir James Stuart of Allnnbank was iraveiung in &pain.; winiouo was at Maurid ho saw, and foil In love with, n beautiful nun. He withdrew her secretly from her convent, and promised her that she should go with him to Scotland as bis wifo, and that he would never forsako her, fiho used to dress magnifionntly, and from wearing a quantity of the old laeo called 41 Pearlins," bo called her his 14 Foariin Jean." After a time ho began to think he should havo an awkward story to tell if he took her home, and ho mado up his mind to get rid of hor by leaving Madrid suddenly without her knowledge. (They did not inhabit the same jiouso.) His carriage and horses stood ready at his door by day dawn, Qndlio was just getting In, when 14 Pcarlin Jean," who had for somo reason suspected hlstreachcry, rushed to him and entreated her to tako her with him. He pushed her away without speaking, anil into tho carriage. ' In hor frantic diilr «h,. throw hersolf on her knees in front of tito horses to stop thom- Sir Jfiraes called put to 44 drive on." They did so, Tho horses trampled her under their fret ; tho wheels of the carriage went over her : but ho, without even looking back upon her, proceeded on his journey. It wan on n dark winter night that ho drovo up the avenue of Aliaiibank, His return had | ben sudden, and, m ho know, qulto unox- . by his servants. Thercforo his stir- nrI«o was great when, on looking towards tho liouip, ito saw that ovory window was illuminated. As his carriage stopped tho great doors wero thrown opon, and in a blazo of light, 44 Pcarlin Jean" stood at the top of the stops to rccetvo him. From that timo she haunted him. As soon as he lay down in lied, sho appeared, and opening tho curtains at the foot of tho bed stood gazing at him. IBs lifo bccamo a burden to him ; ho neither nto nor slept, and lie fell away day by. In vain his friends tried to porsudo him that his terrors woro imaginary. He always replied. "She la there I" He had a picture taken of her in Madrid. Some of his friends thought thay would try ' and cure him of his delusions by placing this picture on tho wall opposite nts bed, and I opening tho curtain secretly as soon as ho 1 had lain down, hoping that if ho dcolarcd I again ho had seen the ghost, thoy might then show him tho picture and laugh him out of S his fears. Two of them hid thomsolvcs in . his room, and tho moment his hoad was on i the pillow tho drew baok tho curtains at the foot of tho bed. Sir James started up with terror in his countenance, and exclaimed, My God ! Tbero are two of them J" and instantly fell back in a fit. After this timo no attempt was mado to explain away her nppcaranco, and 41 Pcarlin Jean " continued to haunt the honso of Allan- bank as long as it stood. It was bought and pulled down by Lady Houston (Mrs. Boswell, of Blackaddcr) ; but whether " Pcarlin Jean " still wanders about the site of tho old houso 1 don't know. 