GOSSIP. Melbourne Gossip. By VIVA. MELBOURNE. Feb. 15. The past week has been uneventful, dull, and languid. Extracted editors, not being able to raise the ghost of a "war-cloud" in an age that prefers the most unjust peace to the justest war, and is determined to Tread out the baleful fires of anger. And in their ashes plant the trees of peace, editors who find themselves without sensational murders of the Deeming variety, or the news of startling gold-finds have once more let loose the Tantanoola tiger. This beast has already frightened holiday-makers at Macedon and awakened the gallantry of the modern young man, which pessimists declare went out of fashion with lace ruffles, swords, and long hose. It is now, accord- ing to the country correspondents of metropolitan journals, roaming through the bush, seeking what it may devour; but sceptics say of it what Betsy Prig said of Mrs. Harris, "I don't believe there aint no sich person." The journalists are extremely anxious that the Lormer Board should continue its sittings without break. The general public share the anxiety, though not perhaps from the same high motives. The disclosures in connection with Mr. Lormer's charges against three of Melbourne's honorary magistrates have been sensational, and in these languid February days anything sensational gives a zest to life. There is a certain element of sensation in the trial of one Reuben Keirl, and with this the public have to content themselves. Reuben Keirl is described as "a frank, smiling, and cynical young Adonis of a mesmerist." He has served one sentence for forgery, is serving another for obtaining money under false pretences, and (horrible crime in a racing community I) has made a living by trading as a turf adviser under the names of well-known jockeys. These things have all been done before, and will probably all happen again; but this week Reuben Keirl is brought up at the Preston court on a charge of fraudulently obtaining money from a farmer by the influence of hypnotism. The worship of the golden calf has not altogether disappeared, and I have often heard a sceptical man of business declare, "Spiritism, occultism, mesmerism, indeed! Aye, I should believe in them if your occult powers were to bring £ s. d. my way. That proof is always wanting." But Reuben Keirl obtained the handsome sum of £389 from Henry Schultze, farmer and pork dealer of South Preston. The latter declares he is not a free agent where Keirl is concerned, but that Keirl hypnotised him, and compelled him against his better judgment to write him out cheques. The case of "Svengali" and "Trilby" seems incredible, but readers of Du Maurier's story were reminded of it when the mes- merist and his victim appeared together at the Preston court. Directly Schultze saw Kierl, he began to totter and cry, and had to be supported, and his nervous agitation was so great during the progress of the trial that the detectives had finally to ask "that Keirl should be compelled to stand out of the sight of the plaintiff." Keirl regarded his victim with a Mephistophelean sneer and remarked, "As soon as I come out of gaol, the first thing I'll do will be to borrow £10 of him!" It is a difficult case to decide upon, as our sceptical laws make no pro- vision for dealing with the effects of occult powers. A shrewd journalist advises our medical men to "interview" Keirl with a view of obtaining light .on the moral and mental aspects of hypnotism, and the mesmerist is certainly a singular study in psychology. "The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith" drew a brilliant house to the Princess Theatre to-night, and that lovely harmony in electric-blue amber, fawn, and grey and gold was a background for fair women and fine men. There were a blaze of jewels and a slummer of silks and satins and A hum of the smallest of talk. I do not fancy Mrs. Ebbsmith's ravings against marriage will "take" in Melbourne, but someone wrote from Sydney to a friend here, that "Mrs. Ebbsmith" was a very naughty play, and that no one "ought to go and see it." The shrewdest of managers could not have hit upon so clever a way of filling his house. Dame rumour has it that Messrs. Williamson and Musgrave lose between £2000 and £3000 by taking off "Djin Djin" so soon, which statement is probably to be taken cum grano salis. It is true that nine new artists appear in "Trilby" at the Princess with the Easter roses. Mr. John O'Neil's statement that a certain member of the Melbourne Stock Exchange for- feited his seat; worth £1400, because he found that to hold it was utterly inconsistent with his position as a Christian, has naturally attracted some atten- tion. The present members of the Stock Exchange simply return for answer, "No member of the Stock Exchange, solvent and honourable, ever for- feited his seat, but when retiring sold it to the highest bidder." The general public can only draw the conclusion that the Rev. John O'Neil's stockbroking friend was neither solvent nor honourable. The preacher was probably car- ried away by a wave of evangelistic fervour, and made a statement as unjustifiable as Dr. John- son's, "The Devil was the first Whig," or Dr. Yeo's charge against his medical brethren. The evangelist forgot that most men are honest be- cause dishonesty does not pay, if from no higher motive. The present writer was once acquainted with a gentleman who held the position of chair- man of the Melbourne Stock Exchange. He was a "great broad-shouldered, genial Englishman," who went to church with a regularity that would have satisfied even the Rev. John O'Neil, and (whatever dark deeds he might have perpetrated 'On Change) on whose private life these did not rest the shadow of a suspicion. Lady Brassey has made wheeling fashionable in Victoria, and is now about to acclimatise dachs- hunds. A fine specimen of these long, unlovely dogs was with Lady Brassey when she was inter viewed just before she came to Victoria. The modern dachshund is a descendant in a straight line of the ancient "spit-dog," who performed the useful office of turning the roasting meat. In these days of gas-stoves the dachshund's occupa- tion's gone, and he simply looks grotesque. But there is no doubt that the dachshund will now obtain the caresses of Victoria's leisured women. In the multitude of counsellors there is confu- sion. The unemployed in Victoria who want to "go west" are sadly confused by conflicting accounts. The Age publishes doleful accounts of the miseries of life in the Golden West. "Hun- dreds of good tradesmen (says a correspondent of that journal) are walking about Perth, anxiously looking for something to eat." On the other hand, there is no doubt that there are oppor- tunities at present in Westralia. Even that hope- lessly forlorn person, the unemployed clerk, seems to fall on his feet on the other side. "If a man will take anything that comes to his hand," said a returned Victorian to me the other day, "he will get on." Fastidious people are at a discount in Westralia. In Coolgardie it is comparatively easy to get and spend money. "You can get anything if you can pay for it," said the returned gumsucker. "You can get a pint of milk if you give 4s for it, and you can keep a horse if you like to pay 30s a day for his feed." There has been a good deal of marrying and giving in marriage of late, notwithstanding the fact that this is the dead season, when few people have the energy to do anything at all. Professor Irving's second son married the second daughter of the late Canon Becher, long incumbent of St. James' Church, last Wednesday. Professor Irving has four sons, of whom the eldest is a teacher and journalist, named after his celebrated grandfather. The third is the tallest lieutenant in the Victorian forces, and officiated as best man at the wedding of his brother Frank. Dean Vance and Canon Handfield tied the knot, and the marriage was celebrated in St. James' Church, though Professor Irving is a stanch supporter of the Church founded by bis father. I stop here, as it is impossible to write anything but a dull letter in a dull week. 