*£iterary TlotetS, tf/fe ' A curious instance of a reviewer promul gating a fable,' writes Mr. Daydon Jackson to the Athoumim, ' occurs in the current number of tho Quarterly Review. In an articlo on plant-names the writer makes this statement (p. 242) : — ' Sometimes, however, names were not entirely given out of compli ? i- T.:™ ? ? oo+ ol^orl ovgmnls U1U11L, Willi JJ1U1IICUD He was so pleased with the humble behaviour of his friend John Browall 'hat he named a plant j Uroivallia demissa , and-- on Browall's elevation to the episcopate he named a second species B. exaliuta. This did not please Bro wall, and he showed his wrath in so marked a manner that whon Linnrous discovered a third species, ho named it B. alienata, and then the alienation was complete and lasting.' The first book on the reviewer's list is the Index Keivensis, and had he taken tho trouble to open the volume at the genus in question, he would have found that all threo names were published at the same time and on tho same page of the tenth edition of tho Systema Naturae, in 1759 ; further that Linnrous's name was data, not exaltata, which ia another slip of the reviewer. The quarrell between Lin naeus and Browall rose many years previously.' A whist anecdote about Henry Keeley, tho actor, told in Thp Keeley s : On the Stage and at Home, is worth quoting. Keeley was in the habit, of going nearly every afternoon to the Garrick Club to play whist. One day he had for liis partner Henry James (now Lord James), and when the rubber was over he said, ' Why didn't you lead spades ?' ' Be cause I didn't think it was the game.' 'Well, then, you're a fool!' and the actor shuffled out. Some days after, as the lawyer was going upstairs, Keeley drove up in a cab, got out, called out' Hi !' rapping his stick on the floor of the hall. Mr. James came down expecting an apology. But with that grave stolid look for which Keeley was as remark able as Dr. Johnson, he said, ' I have been thinking over 'that little matter of the spades, James, and I find that I was right. You are a fool.' ' An enterprising correspondent to tho Ameri can publication, Shalcespeariana, has been showing that tlie Bard of Avon is the father of more than one slang phrase now held in disrepute in certain circles. For instance, in Cymbeline (iii. 4. 51.) Imogen, defending herself to Pisanio, says accusingly of her husband : ' Some jay of Italy Whose mother was her painting, hathbetray'd him ' Most of the instances of modern slang cited from Shakespeare are mere vorbal coinciden ces ; like ' too thin ' which somebody has traced to Henry VIII. (v. 3. 125.) : — ? imc Know i come not To hear such flattery now, and in my presence: They are too thin and bare to hide offences.' There the phrase is a simplo and natural metaphor, as it continued to be in speech and writing until recently, when by vulgar itera tion-it lapsed into slang. A once famous, and in some senses historical, Paris publication, Galignani's Messenger, as suen, is passing away. it is now Known as The Daily Messenger, and its old name, which has been used as a subtitle, will shortly be abandoned altogether. This sheet was in exis tence before the battle of Waterloo, and from its pages Byron learned that he had waked and found himself famous. Thackeray once contributed regularly to its cokmras, and Sumner did not hesitate to have recourse to it, when, sailing home at the outbreak of the Civil War, he wished to publish to Europe a defence of the North. Ian Maclaren's new story, ' The Mind of the Master,' some of which will have had serial appearance in the The Expositor, will be published in book form by Messrs. Hodder and Stoughton. At the sale of the Frere Library in London on February 18 some rare books, tracts, &c.;, were disposed of. Among the principal were Ben Johnson, His Gase is Altered, 1609, and The Alchemist, 1612, stitched together in one volume — £31 (Quaritch) ; a collection of nine extremely rare tracts, more or less defective, dating from an imperfect specimen of the press of Wynkyn de Worde,' 1503, to R. Greene's Ghost Hunting, 1626 — £80; W. Sliakespeare, The Late etnd Much Admired Play Galled Pericles, Prince of Tyre, 1609, the extremly rare original quarto odition, in vellum cover, and measuring 7in. by 5|in. — £171 (Daniel's copy of this scarce play realised £84) ; a volume containing six early 17th century plays, including the exceedingly rare Merry Divel of Edmonton, 1617, and an uncut copy ,of Midleton's Tricke to Gatch the Old One, 1616 — £122 ; E. Spenser, The Faerie Queqne,. 1596 and Colin Olonis 'Come Home Again, 1595, both first editions — together £24. Lord' Byron's Bride of Abydas, 1813, first edition, presentation' copy from, the author— £10 (Pickering) ; Coleridge's Aids to Reflection, presentation copy from tho author — £17 (Pearson)'; Joseph Ames, Typographical Antiquities, augmented by W. Herbert, three volumes, 1715-90, when an . extra volume comprising original' title-pages, devices, and specimen leaves of the early English printers, from Caxton to Waldegravo ; tho specimens from Caxton's press consist of six original leaves, a unique collection, formerly in posses sion of Sir John Fenn — £248 ; Robert Herrick's Hesperides, 1648, first edition — £44. By far the most important lot in tho sale was that comprising the long- lost original letters and other documents published by Sir John Ferne in his edition of the Paston Letters, together with the 95 letters discovered by Mr. Frero at Roydonlmll, in 1875 ; these letters were written during the reigns of Henry VI., Edward IV., Edward V., Richard III., and Henry VII. (1422-1509), and realised £400. Mr. William Fraser has given us a rare treat in The Whaups of Divrley — a remote vil lage hidden away among tho glens of Scot land. Tho book is not a novel, but a collection of more or less slightly-connected stories which portray to the lifo tho dwellers in the glen. The ' auld laird' is first rate company when wo accept his invitation to come in and have a ' crack' with him, but best of all we like the village schoolmaster, ' a rugged, uncouth, kindly old man, an ex cellent scholar, though with littlo . . . apitude. for teaching.' Here is a spocimen of what went on in his reading- class: We occasionally managed to continue a conversa tion which tho class had interfered with by interpolating remarks which were too impor tant to be delayed. One boy would read his | verse in this fashion : ' And, behold, Moses said to Aaron, ' Arc ye gaun to guddle troots this aftornoon ?' ' Soon the reply would come, ' And Aaron said unto Moses, 'Na, na, I'm gaun to grip rattans at the mill.' ' At times a threat would be muttered and re sponded to ' Behold, Moses said, ' If yedinna gi e mc back my knife I'll tell the maister.' And tho children of Israel lifted up their voices and said, ' Wha broke the speckled hon's log.' ' At times the reader was an noyed by a neighbour, so his verse took an unexpected termination, thus : ' And Bol shazzar stood up among a thousand of his lords, and said, 'Nae nippin.'' But the book ia iiu v uiurciy amusing, in ow ana again tnere is genuine pathos, and in the later chapters a love story satisfactorily develops. South Country readers should not lie afraid of Mr. Fraser's broad Scotch. They will soon find perseverence rewarded. Dr. Max Nordau, tho author of Degeneration , in an articlo in the Neue Freie Press (a Viennese journal) apropos of the poetlaui'eate ship, bestows high praise on the English nation. He ridicules the notion, so dear to Continental writers, that the British are what Napoleon called a nation of shopkeepers. ' Shopkeepers, indeed !' he exclaims. ' Those who fought at Hastings like giants and Titans, who sub dued two continents, are ruling 200,000,000 Asiatics by the will and nerve of a couple of thousand of their race, who brought to their knees such men as Napoleon I. and Nicholas I., and who still have their Jamesons to demon strate that their old strength of will and power of ruling over others have not yet died out ! If these are the characteristics olshopkeepers what is the essential difference between shop keepers and the heroes of the Greek Myth ?' ' Tho ruling classes of England,' he proceeds, ' aro the most powerful race of masters the world has seen since the Republic of Rome and tho early Roman Empire. To please an Englishman one. must be strong and daring. The: English are a bluff race, incomparable friends and terrible onemies, rather proud of being more feared than loved.' Messrs. Sotheby sold on February 19, 11 volumes from the library of David Garrick. At the head of these came a manuscript volume in tho autograph of Garrick containing trans lations of Cossar with corrections, believed to be . the volume used by him while under the tutorship of Dr. Johnson. There are 170 folios, bound in a vellum cover, on the out side of which is written,- ' To the Right Rev. Father in God, Richard, Lord Bishop of Lin coln. at his Palaco of Bunden, in Huntingdon shire.' The volume realised £33 10s. Some of tho risks attending illustrations in daily newspapers, wliere the work of making up has to be done in the small hours of the morning, are illustrated by what befell a Chicago paper recently, when a picture of the late Cardinal Manning was labelled ' Frau Kruger, wife of Oom Paul,' and accompanied with an entertaining sketch of that excellent lady, while in .another place a picturc of Mrs. Kruger, looking grand and intensely Dutchy, bore the legend, ' Cardinal Manning.' 