Crloket and Other Notes. [Br Ow SPOBT.] THE Town AN CousrNT MATCH. The "Bush" versus Town match eventuated last Tuesday, and, taking all the circumstances Into consideration, was contested under very favourable conditions, except that the attend anoe of spectators was poor. The country was represented by a fairly strong team, the Lockyer contingent arriving in town on Monday evening, while the Fassifern and Stanley players came by the respective morning trains from Boonah and Esk-all the visitors were on the ground punctually to time. The same cannot be said of the local men; consequently t was twenty minutes to U before s bommence meat was made. R.J. Willock waseppointed captain of the visiting team, and T. M'D. CeBrey led the townsmen. The country representatives won the toss, and elected to bat, ·F. Dyer and L. O'Brien opening the innings to the bowling of T. Watts and J. Scanlon. After 7 runs had been made, a separation was effected by O'Brien being run oet.through slipping on the concrete; 1.4-7. C.HBooper then joined his Laidley comrade, the.rast-named batsmanleing nearly" yorked" by the Brat ball from Soanlon, but Hooper dollowed his narrow escape by nicely putting the bell over the fence for 8. From this out heruns came freely, Hooper "laying on the -wood" in something like his old form, while "sr played cautiously. Heiner fielded like' a Trojan. Jarvis relieved Soanlon, and, *-. little later on, Bymrne took the tall fom Watts; still the fieldsmen were kept b~usy, and "40" was brought up by Hooper ~edl?ng oneof Byrne's deliveries over the fence ,for 4. Shortly alter Hooper again put another otByrne's bowling fore a fourr. He made a single, wher. he was exceedingly well caught by ngham, at mid-on, off Ja?is; 2-88.60, iooper's score consisting of four 8's nAd ltwo _'a, .O. Clarke was the next man, and he beganpperuahons at once. Cafirey took up the oltisg at Byrne's end, and his slow breaks petd to tirouble both batsmen a lot-in fact, seyad Dyer beaten several times, besides 4ko a grand attempt to take a hot return lrom 'him. When Clarke had made 8, Ca iy ad to hold a eatch at long-on off Grvi's hbowling. With this exception Clarke ~geiorned nla something likehis form of leveral Sego- he played f tree inninogs. Dyer, who ?had given a steady exposltion of fine atiting, was dlean bowled by arnis: 8.24-71. F?r?, nosladid not stay long, as he was on "aj itn knocking his own ~sloket down to emnon'ebowl tg; 4.-1-76. P. Crew followed, j~i~ etter makLtog 4, he wea sharply caught in h islips l0y .Seonlon off Jarvis; .4-88. $l.oo? filled the vacancy, ind he and Clarke kept the town repreeentBtlves. very busy, dl ly when Watts came on to bowl. The wporn ae very fast, and Clarke brought the 2u;flQnp,a midat great aplauase, by a ndoe drive CaL, Doth men playedwithgreat eondene, n larke was stepping !orward to Watts's sltg in splendid style, and whacking :the llverles to the tenoe. His time, however, 'came .by putting one of Watts's "softies" in th·ib slipe, where Parkinson went for it asnildest dine of " Take.it, Billypl" This he did very aestly, an Clarke departed; 6.8·.128. The ?oaslfern reprseentatlee was accorded hearty aip~lane on hls approach to he pavilion; his s;?e nclbded a ouaple of nice hits over the lease s eight d.s W. J. Bnarnett did p4 remain long at the creases, as be lewdneof Watts's " brsak.hb e" with his w;~ssdetired Lbw.; 7'-18.. 3. Prenole ase n:to see his captain (Willoe) slean hatbe wthe towsmem;'a cipper C )ire) ,1545t A. an gaces t haza rape; asetjela. wo went In- iOr mashing Watts's, kibilna;r hae commne ac~·its~b:dwiha6,ndh W~iiat.b'sueftbefe~Ue (or 4tatlwdlreat~Inio ileont e onLserae sdeth?. waneelso soon -itrslnac Wattse to legf r, J.raneis' &4jgssameSfler a soerryinotp cin"going Wccsof afrae"isswae he was ?t..saps ,Isp r Jsase, su wo.w. es-: ~t~i~ ai rtba ihrst; ·g40440 .> J. So assisllh rblieving .1 Watts by .lean bowling Ndsthhiestbll; 10.1.1St )·-. Whie 41a4cewlfthi maw,-wes rsqestspd to "IPrank lIcwabierqer eler' slid,4 whlob Ins 1iadsingsndshortly sftserMNonania .sbeapghBatthewckete,byJoas, offe?af?y'sr 1tling1.8-15t ; every man in the "Buh" ,teaa :tu soring, ,and "Ted" Whittle, the -stton hero iof many ioket battles, carrying at his biat--he proully wieldet the willow in ithathe4 soea r The last. a a ~ ltesto1g the onmmence atwe mnutm sntalo ll,ao .jomnts made So r. John \- t otel, wheisan excellesil Weie "::taltpog, -the members of the *d team~:sm , towib~lchthsy dld jusietch.' Before isaviug th s ~b bls J,,?tieplneiaon, M.L.A., rose an sa?edf ase was aenerdnglgy pleased t the revival ihsatches between the town and conuntry rfkers; he referred to the good feeling thatb wiys existed ;between the contesting team, .et concluded his remarks byprposing the ?qt of the "Cdoontry Visiting Team, coupled -ish the named of Messrs. John Haygth and .,,,.Wlolok." The toast was, drnk with \--elalulhonours. ,lessrs. Haygarth and Wil. Ih: responded, both gentlemen stating that the& would heartily assist in making these r-sinioeu an antial affair. The toast of the "'Townsmee" having been drunk in an enthu lluatic manner, Mr. George Harrison took oe c-lon to announce that the proprietors of the iL~ePem riding-gallery had plced a number qf cimplimentary tickets at hisdisposal for dis knlbtion among the members of both teams q auncement which eas greeted with ap. p?use. ' his "wound up" this part of the y's proceedings, and a movement was made ide Month Ipswich. On arriving at the convincing.ground, H. L. Jonae and J. . Byrne opened the innings on behalf of the town, and "Jack" Byrne went for the bowling of "Paddy" Carew right from 5 junmp. Crew's first over yielded 12 rons, Iss second 11, his third 9, end his fourth 8- this severe punishment being dealt out princi pblly by Hine, who, never in his life before gave socb a display of vigorouabotting, and io .cluded three or four beautiful hits over the fence. Jones, too, was performing well. When Byrne was 19 he was badly missed by Noonan in the out-field off C:ree's trundling. With this exception, releher of these batsmen gave a "ghost of a chance," pntil Byrne bit up a lofty one towards Fred. Dyer, at long-on, who effeeted a neat oeatch off Noonan's bowling; 1-89-602. Heiner then partnered Jones, and they completely col ;lared the bowling of the Bush representatives .and paralysed the field. The runs came quitkly--both men were very fast between the wickets, and the "lo ens" were being hoisted in .remarkably smart time, notwithstanding the .repeated changes in the trandling department. Wurnett, however, eemcmed to be the only bowler to steady the batsmen. P. Carew was tried at ?the opposite end to that from which he opened, 'but he was again whacked, and it was on this ;bowler the visitors chiefly relied as being the imost destructive. The hoisting of the "1010" 'was the signal for hearty reunds of appl-ise. •At 100 Jones experienced what ppa o be e- close shave of being stumped by J. , whp had taken looper's place wickets (Charlie going on to bowl); and the Esk " stumper" shaped very well indeed. All the lieldsmen were kept "on the go," W. Francis, Burnett, Carew, and E. C. Clarke do ing extremely good work. Fred. Dyer's pick ing-up and sharp returns were admired, anwl frequently evokedaeclamation. Harry Jones'a end came at last through attempting to obtain a fourth run off a nice leg-hit, but Larry O'Brien returned the ball with a splendid throw in to the wickets, J. Erancis having the bails ofi in a "jifley"; 2-64-147. 1 think that is a record for Ipswich cricket. Harry Jones re ceived well-merited applaneuse; his score in cluded nine 8's and nine 2's. W. Parkinson filled the vacancy, and, after making a brace, he saw Heiner clean bowled by Vance; 3-40 149, the retiring batsman having used the bat in capital style. Caffrey joined Parkinson; both men " laid on the wood" in a vigorous manner, and when the Bushmen's total of 159 was passed, an adjournment was made for tea and sandwiches kindly laid out in one of the large reoms in the old depbt by Mrs. George Harrison and the Misses Byrne. This repast was greatly appreciated, thanks to the atten tion of the ladies named; and, on returning to the creases, Caffrey and Parkinson "went for" the bowling in right good earnest, each seem ing to be "battling" for the strike. At 197 Parkinson was well caught at leg by Hooper off Dyer; 4-24-197, his score including two 8'e and seven 2's. T. Watts came in to see the Limestonian skipper clean bowled by Dyer; 6-27-206, his contribution including one 4-cr (a fine stroke to leg, it going over the fence), five 8's, and three 2's. J. Bcanlon filled the vacancy, andhe and Watts played out time, the satumpbeing drawn atfo'lock. MIessrs.J. Hay garth, A. J. Stephenson, M.L.., and B. M'Gill fulfilled the duties of umpires between them, while the scoring was entrusted to Messrs. A. Morry and T. J. Barker. At the termination of the day's play cheers were given for both teams, umpires, and scorers, thus concluding a most pleasant gunsame. The following are the scores: ?. CUX`TEL TEAM. F. Dper, b. Jarvis .... .... 24 L. O'Brisn, run out.. .. .. .. 4 0\. Hooper, e. egham, b. Jarvis .. 33 E. O. Clarke, c. Parkinson, b. Watts .. 88 W. France, hit wicket, b. Banlon .. 1 P. Carew, e. fanlon, b. Jarvis .. .. 4 B. J. Willok, b. Caffrey .. .. .. 18 W. Burnett, L.b.w., b. Watts .. .. 1 J. Francils, st. Jones, b. Caifrey .. .. 10 A. Vance, b. Byrne ... 7 J. J. Noonan, e. Jones, b. Cafrey.. 3 E. Whittle, not out .. '.. .. 1 Byes, 12; wide, 1; no-ball, 1 .. .. 15 Total .. ........ . 159 Bowling Analysis.--T. Watts bowled 60 balls, 1 m.o., 48 runs, two wickets; J. SGcsnlan, 60 balls, 1 m.o., 86 runs, one wicket; J. J. Byrnme, 10 balls, I m.o., 19 runs, one wicket; J. HI. Jarvsis, 72 balls, 2 m.o., 81 runs, three wickets; T. I'D. Cafrey, 45 balls, 1 m.o., 14 runs, three wickets. wows rtua. B. Joes, run outr . .... .. .. 646 . J. Byrne, c. Dyer, b. Neoonan .. .. 9 C. W. L. Heiner, b. Vance.. .. .. 40 W. Parkinson, c. Hooper, b. Dyer .. 24 T. Cafrey, b. Dyer.. .. .. .. 27 T. Watts, not out .. .. . .. 4 J. Scanloo, not out .. .... .. . Byes, 8; wides, . .. .. .. .. 10 Total'for five wickets .. .. 218 (The other batsmen in order were-J. M. Jarveis, A. M°Oregor, W. Ingham, R. M'ill, and o. Birrison.) Bowling analysis: A. Vance bowled 72 balls, 1 m.o., 47 runs, one wiket; P. Carew, 86 balls, 1 m.o., 47 runs; J.3. Noona, 64 balls, 85 rones, one wicket; W. Burnett, 48 balls, I m.o., 15 runs; L. O'Brien, 12 balls, 9 runs; C. Booper, a24 balls, 14 runs: R. J. Willock, 2 balls, 2 m.o., 19 runs; F. Dyer, 80 balls, 17 runs, iwo wickets. The "carnivas' week was opened last Tues day by the Town and Country cricket battle." which resulted in a victory for the Townsmen with fie wickets and 54 runs to spare. This, I think, is the first time the town representa tires have euncoeeded in defeating a thoroughly representative " Bulsh" team, and the scoring will for a long time remain quite a unique re* cord in theannalgofloealrl ket. In thefirst plac, every man scored-not a blob on either sia, sd 72 rnns were put together in about four hours and a blaTi. Itis to be hoped, now that these'old-time matohs have been revived, tastthey willdecome annual afaftrs-in short, could not a atchb be ptlayed in town at Christ mas tie, a?dhe relhrn din the asterholt. d stb e latter mate to4 plae e in some n trqnril e, turn~ t 'The country re m tV' s a wnrd e iastl.ie. over the ,tntr d, if E.,C.. euoo, in getting. Qgpeler9 a las~lfegndls~Btsiu team, a series of lQtu , etrlgt.e~ latbe "WI :be omnmensed aeut season.; I wf lealngto witoess Clare, C. aper, F. Dler, . iloc, and . Francis hepling the willow, and thede matches would e eucating the conntry .lo in ll'thiTtet'l rics andudevices" in the tund Di. Alfrn?'st .1 the distrct clubs be come alllates. with the Ipswioh and West Moreton Crieket Assosation on the payment of a spt'ee--not neessarily to take part in the itershtp :competitions, but to enable the atpisid' asoolattnn to select good men like Fre.: Dyer .and Clarke in representative matches. against, for ihstanoe, the Grasiera ? I was nore than pleasedtorenew the acquaint ance of the cbuntrymen, and espeetlly pleased to?pet.thie veteran John Haygrthjusttogive him a" turn" about the Olosueestershire match, whalh the coloninte wono. ?y-the-way, Mr. Eaygerth's brother, Mr, ESD. Baygerth, is one ee the ofoiss of the Gloucester County Club. The match between the Limestone and Whitwood Clubs will be resumed next Baturday afternoon, the Llmestonians, who asiat thereases, having lost four wickets for 168 runs, T. Watts (18) and P. Carew (18) being the not-out batasmen. Jim Carew batted splendidly last Saturday atteruoon for his 49 rens- never giving a chanoe until he was 47, BoSanlon making an exollent attempt to hold the ball, and, if be had euceedied in effecting the catch, it would have been a marvellous effort; it was simply red-hot, and the steam could be noticed coming off theballin its flightl Fred. Cribb also gave a grand exhibition ofperfect batting. The impressi6n was general that the Whitwoodians would not turn up; indeed, I saw several of the Limestone players in the City guernseys, ready toago and take'part in football; but, true to theIr colours,'the Whit wood players were on the spot when required. The Limestonians would show their true cricketing spirit if they were now to stretch a point, and try to meet the "Whits." by ar ranging a full day's match, so as to shorten the number of Saturdays. This continued un friendliness will never do. Let the Limestone men, then, cheerfully meet their Whitwood friends in a sportsmanlike manner, and arrange a full day-it is not too late. To win the junior premiership, the Deebing Creek have to get 78, and have all one after noon in which to put together those runs. This match will be resumed next Saturday afternoon, when an exciting finish for the M'Gill trophy should be witnessed. Since the appearance of mylast week's notes, the Australian Eleven have won three more matches, making seven wins in all. They have beaten Oxford University, the Gloucester. shire eleven, and an English eleven, in cluding the "demon" bowler of Australia Spofforth. To the surprise of all the southern Scritics, I should imagine, Hugh Trumble has upheld- indeed, he has surpassed-the opinion formed of his trundling when the selection committee picked him as first bowler, and left Turner out. Giffen, too, has performed in a phenomenal manner with the ball. By-the way, the Gloueestershire amateur slow bowler (C. L. Townsend)-the best slow trundler of last season-did not come off against the Aus. tralian batsmen. The Australians will meet the representatives of the M.C.C. and ground players to-day, this being a mixed team of amateurs and professionals, and will no doubt include Jackson, Stoddart, W . O. Grace, Palairet, and "Bum-gin-and-whisky" (clios '" Smith," the Indian prince), and probably Abell and Bichardson, the Surrey batisman and bowler respectively. The following are the results, so far, of the Australian Elevenl's tour: Matches. Result. Shefllield's team .. Drawn Essex County .. Won by seven wickets An English eleven Won, innings & 221 runs South England .. Drawn Yorkshire .. .. Won, innings & 8 runs Laneashire.. .. Won by 154 runs Oxford .. .. Won by five wickets Oloucestershire .. Wo, innings & 92 runs An English eleven Won by 135 runs Australians-won, 7. The Australian Eleven have thus far made Is record-as being the first team visiting Eng land that have played nine matches without suffering a defeat. The cableman had better "beware and have a care" how he treads on the tails of the Kan garoos I It was quite bad enough to state that the once "Demon" Spofforth was mowing down the wickets of the Australians, without, on the top of such a collapse of the colonials, to be informed that Stanbury, our champion sculler of the world, had also gone under-that be was drowned. Small wonder that we felt some what depressed. The next morning there was a different complexion on the states of aflaira Stanbury was still alive, and George Gifflen was more than usually alive among the wickets of the Englishmen. The Bundaberg team of footballers will arrive in Ipswich this evening by the mail-train from Brisbane, and will afterwards be tendered s welcome to the town. Tomorrow afternoon they will open their campaign with a match with the Citys. On Saturday afternoon the visitors will try conclusions with a combined Ipswich team, and, as the City contingent have withdrawn their names from the list of players first selected, the following representatives have been chosen:-Full back, Gray; three- quarters, Pennell, Larter, and BSchwartz; half-backs, Leitch, M'Millan, and M'Namee; forwards, O'Keefe, Shine, M'Donald, Kelleher, Clune, A. Wilson, M'Ilwain, and Linden. Under the British Association rules, the RIosebanks, of Brisbane, will cometo Bundanba next Saturday to play the Bangers, who did very well to defeat the Normans last Saturday. The Ipswich Rovers are "billed" to visit Bris bane next Saturday to meetthe Normanso 