Ufa Siarntaibif* J : W £ w c A. , Eranklin's Polly. \- ? ? ? ? By tho Author of ' Tlio a Legend of I Lowood,' Sylm'sVow,' *' The j Mystery .of.ilie ??Mill,' &c.;, &c.; , ?» - ' CHAPTER V. '? I will do ray beat to prevent that, bat no moil can control fate. After nil, I may succeed.' ? ' It is not likely,' tlio sneered. . The ? mask of ? pretty childishness was thrown aside now, and she showed herself what she was, a venomous, vengefnl woman. ' Thank you,' he said. ' Then, per haps, Fortune will pity me in my failure, and reveal the hiding-place of old Sir Jasper's treasure. That would be tbo proper ending to nil my troables, and sometimes romance does . creep into real life, you know. ' They went back to the house toget her, and Rosalie seemed to recover her good temper, as, for the rest of tho day, she rattled OD. langhing and talking continuously. ' Lady Franklin was quite satisfied, smiling complacently at what she called ' the dear girl's flow of high spirits,' bat Sir Philip, always a close observer, noticed a . hectic flash in her cheeks, and aii unnatural note in her ringing laugh. 'If lie could have seen her when she was alone in her own room, his doubts wouid have been confirmed. lor white, dishevelled, haggard as an old woman iltosalie Mainwariiig sat for a long time, staring at her own reflection in the glass.- - And it was for cliis — for this,' she muttered, bitterly. *' I hoped to buy his l6ve; back;; and: this is the end of all. Well, I suppose I had better promise to . ? be the second Mrs. Dent to-morrow, and extort the most ; enjoyment possible from my wealth. It would be some consolation if I . could be mistress of : Heathfieldi in my own right, end see Philip Franklin banished from his home.' ?'' .:? That night, when all the rest of the household bad retired, Philip Franklin sat dlono, thinking -deeply, and all tbe while a vague uneasiness oppressed him, as if instinct warned* him of thbJ new enemy he had made. He knew there was some truth in Rosalie's words ; the accumulation of debt he had inherited W03 t6o great for his efforts to pay off. Tho end that had been long postponed was very near now, and the blow would fall Jon Lady Franklin hone the less, heavily because it bad been so long ex pected. It would break his mother's heart to leave Heathfield, yet ho could think of no way by which it might be avoided, for, come what might, ho de cided; once for all, he would. never marry a woman he could not love. ' Franklin's folly again,' lie thought, bitterly. ' In folly our troubles began, and in folly, they will end. Now or never Dame Dorothy's ghost should walk, for there is surely misfortune hanging over Heathfiela now.' At the moment the thought crossed his mind he . heard in the hall without the faint-sound ofislippered feet moving slowly across the stone floor. Ho was not a superstitious man, and for a mo ment smiled, thinking his fancy was playing h|m a trick. But tlie sound continued, it came noarer, it passed the door whererhe was, and he knew it was not imagination, no walking dre m. There was no mistaking, that slow, somewhat halting foot fail, with the ac companying, ghostly.,' rustle, 'as of a , woman's trailing robes. On the impulse of the moment^ he ex tinguished the lamp in the room, and grouped his way to the door. At the same time the great clock struck four, reminding bim at once of tho length of bis ewn vigil, and of the unlikelihood of any of the household being then awake. Crossing the threshold, lie paused in the shadow of the wall, with an old tightening at his heart, for all his cour age. At a little distance, coming towards bim, as if on reaching the end of the corridor she bad retraced her steps, was the tall white figure of a woman. He could see , her plainly, for the grey dttwa was ' already streaming in at the uncurtained windows of hall and cor ridor, and he was convinced it, was not ono of the servants, nor yet, certainly, j his mother or Rosalie. Who or what j should it be but the veritable ghost of D mo Dorothy — the forernnner of all ills within that house ? As he looked his own description of her rose in his mind — 'a beautiful girl, with long aub'jrn hair, and wide- open blue eyes, like thoBeof a dead woman.' Nearer and nearer the white-robed prosence drew, her bands out-strotched. her eyes fixed upon vacancy. Ho saw the newly-risen sun glint upon tho masses of unbound hair, thai gave back flheon for 'sheen from their brilliant rip ples ; ho saw the willowy grace of the iignre beneath its laced-trimraed wrap per, .the'* jjqile,;; ^perfect outlines of tbe sweet sad faeo ; nearor she came, so close that her outstretched li&od; almost touched his, and as she passed a , great shadow seemed to fall] Philip Franklin was a man of the ?world, not superstitions, not particularly romantic, and iivo minutes before would have scoffed at the idea of love at first sight as the-, dream of a sentimental boy. But now he' had looked into that fair face, and as it vanished ho know that in that vision, restless spirit of the long dead, forornnner of evil to bim, as it seemed, be bad nevertheless looked on the face of the ono woman he could ever lore., ... .. CHAPTER VI. ' You (iarry things with a high hand, Miss t.WRin waring. You are a brave womt^, -hut, you, forget there is ono other person to wliom my knowledge might bo of value.' ' Wlio is that, Mr. Dent ?' ' Iris Dainton horself.' -{ You would havo some difficulty in finding her — a fugitivo hiding from tin law.' ' Her hiding-place ifl not so far from here as yon think.'' There was a meaning in the lawyer's tone that startled ber, she was .moro ! afraid than she would show. ' I do not understand. Do you riiean .yon know where this. Iris Dainton is hdina ? ' ' Yes.' Harvey Dent came close to the lit'le pony carriage where Rosalie sat, and bent forward till his lips were to her ear ; then he whispered halfa dozen hurried words, so low that even to her strained senses they were scarcely audible. 'Impossible!' she cried 'when she undorstood. ' Why should she come here, of all places in the world ? '' ? '? May she not have some clue to the truth, and so have come as a spy ? ''??? Rosalie tnrned, fiercely, angrily upon him. If you have known this so long it was your duty to denounce her 1 ' Mr. Dent eyed her sneeringly. ' Do yon think so ?' he asked ; then, after. ,a pause, added, ' I am willing to keep the secret, but I am not vile enough to hound that wretched girl to her fate, unless ? ; — ' ' Unless what 1 ' Rosalie interrupted, coldly. 'Unless it cannot be avoided. I think yon understand me now, Miss Mainwaring.' . ' Yes, Heaven help me, I do ! ' ' It is'folly to struggle against fate — Do you know my power. Come, give mo your promise to be my wife, and I'll be as good a husband to yon as I was to my poor dear Matilda, whom I laid in her grave the other day. Upon my honor, you shall never regret becoming the second Mrs. Dent.' Ho tried to take her hand, with a ludicrous attempt at tenderness, but Rosalie sharply withdrew it. ' You promised yon would wait patiently for months, if need be,' she said,'.1 and yet I don't know that any good would come of waiting. Call at the Manor this evening, and then I will give you ray answer, once for all.' (7b be Continued.) 