A Ghost Story from Junee LAYING OUT THE "APPARITION." For some lime past persons who attend evening services at the E.G. Chdrch, Junee, have been startled by seeing a weird and uncanny appari tion which nightly took up a position in a meditative attitude at the loot of the hill freports the Junee Democrat), Descriptive accounts of it* appear ance varied considerably. Some Were positive it resembled an old hairy tcan with a long and silvery beard and a countenance which bore that mild and benevolent aspect pe culiar to the man who combines the duties of a church cider with the directorship of a bogus bank, while descriptions of others left the impres sion that it wat a cross between a bunyip and a load of wcod. One in dividual who had resided in a place named Kiama during the ghoȣ scare there, was certain it was a celebrated . statesman who was enjoying aho'iday up here in his usual sportive fashion. A plucky resident (may his shadow never grow less) determined to solve the mystery or kn'ow the reason why. So, arming himself with a breech loader and 21 rounds of ammunition, he, as'tlie shades of night were fall ing fast, quietly wended his way to ,4the haunted spot, and there taking up *n entrenched position on his sto mach quietly waited. It rapidly .grew dark, and he still waited. Pre sently "It" appeared; the only thing he coiild discern plainly WBS tiiro large eyes, which glowed with unnatural brightness. Now at the supreme moment our hero'a resolu tion neyer, wavered in the least, but with undaunted.courage, and with a ' "voice rendered shaky with emotion^ '.he called out," In the name of Queen ^ Victoria and the Empress of India I call on you to stand, or I fire!" It stood, V, If you have anything to say speak out !" Just herethe apparition .deliberately closed one eye, but re gained silent. "I'll ask yon three '..times -to speak, and if you don't I'll give you the contents of both barrels) One, will you, apako ? Twice, will you spake ?" Third and last time, will you spake ? Bang! bang 1 and a wounded cow dashes madly towards 'the distent horizon, bellowing mourn fully, And thus the Junee ghost was laid. ! 