ADMIRAL JENNIE. January 1, 18G4, is calendared in my memory as tho day on which occurred tho most exciting experience of my adventuroiiB life. I wns at that timo mate of tlio Bertha May, a staunch little brig of somo 1G0 tons, which sailed from Boston a month before, bound for Naples, with a general cargo. Our vessel was commanded by Captain .lolin ferry, bhe carried a crew or eigne, besides the cook, and there was ou board also the captain's wifo, a good-looking lass of some twenty-six summers. On tho 28th of December wc found our selves in a' perfect hurricanc off the coast of Spain. When it lmd abated we were minus our bowsprit and foretop, besides incurring other minor damages. So the captain put into Cadiz for temporary repairs. But that was only tho beginning of our troubles, Wo had managed, in picking up our Boston crew, to get together tho worst lot of grumblers it has ever been my lot to encounter. Nothing seomed to please them, and when five of them deserted the brig at Cadiz wo were neither surprised nor sorry. A RAHBI.E Ol- CUT-THROATS. Bad as tliov were, howovcr. wc soon wished them bnok again ; for when wc undertook to supply their places, wo had on board such a rabblo of cut-throats that for a long timo tlio captain hesitated to solcct a singlo one of thom. Heavon knows tho best was bad enough, but finally four Spaniards and a Portugueso were chosen, and at daybreak on Now Year's morning wo sot sail again for Naples. At twilight of the same day wo ontorod tho Straits of Gibraltar, with a spanking breezo and a choppy soa running. W 0 had by this time, short as it was, begun to discover somothing of tho quality of our newcomers. N11 ? ? .. ? ? tJ. ! ? ? ' j.1. ? more was u Huru 01 lnsoiunue in cuoir manner whioh looked very liko the first stages of mutiny. Knowing that they numbered about half tho men on board, this was far from a pleasant state of affairs for tho mind to dwoll upon. Moroovor, it seemod that thoy had somoliow procured liquor, with which thoy woro eolobrating Now Year's day 011 their own account. Wo woro, as yet, six to five, counting tho cook on our sido ; but ono of tho old crow was vory unreliable. Jim Dalton was a heavy drinkor, and under the influence of bad whisky had dono many unmanly and disropntablo things. Jim had piokod up a smattering of Spnnish, and con versed freoly with the new hands. At all hazards this mnri muni-, lm knnt nnhntv Inef. f.lmw win him ovor to any murdorous scliomo tliey might proposo to capture tho ship. Ho stood as tlio balanco of powor. ' Dalton, oriod tho captain stonily, ' como aft and tako tho wheel.' Jim lookod longingly at tho whisky bottlo, hesitated a moment, and then sulkily oboyoct tho captain's ordor. Bidding mo kcop a sharp eye 011 him, the skippor thon wont bolow. Along about eight o'clook in the ovontng wo woro oil! Tiu'ifu, a littlo this sido of Gibraltar. Tho tido swirled around this capo with tho velocity of a mill-rueo. Suddenly tlio brig gavo a lurch and instantly foil off sovoral points from its courso. ' Jim, you confounded lubbor, kcop hor head up,' I shoutod. ' Can't do it, sir,' 'Why, what's tho mattor ?' ' Mattor enough, sir j tho ruddor's jamiuod, and won't work.' I stampod 011 the dock Cor tho captaiu, and ran aft. It was indood so, It soom as if tho lowor liook had snapped, allowing tho ruddor post to twist and catoh iu tho caso, whoro it hold firmly. AT TJIR MKIiCV OP TUK OUHRHNT. Tho tromondous ourront around tho capo now had us at its mercy, and wo bogan to drift towards tho coast of Barbary. What with tho wind and tido tho soa was somothing frightful, and to mako our prodicamont worso, tho villainous-looking follows forward scorned f.n llrt lint.nlliiirx nmvm rl..„!lit-1, „l„f. n-. undor cover of tlio darkuoss, 'This is a torriblo busitioss, Tom,' said tho captain, ' Ay, sir ! bad onough in tho open soa, whoro avo could run boforo tho wind j but horo it is worso than bad. Boforo an hour wo shall bo 011 tho Bill's, sir, just as suro as you'ro born.' ' I am afraid so, Tom, unless -we aro over hauled by somo , steamer, whioh ain't vory likoly.' ' X shouldn't bo surprised, captain,' I said, looking forward, ' to llnd that thoso dovils by tho forooastlo thoro woro in league with ! thoso murderous Rilllans. Thoy soom rath or pleased over our misfortune than otherwise.' Although I had never boon through tho straits before, i had hoitrd many a yarn of thoso piratic' scoundrels 'and f.linln 1il„rwl-„ii.„l1!„,., f. I..!.... ..1 ? 1 'luwirum VIIIII^ VMM IVI inviliy H I III U n 0 undor the shadow of tlio garrison at Glbniltai', thoso 'RilHans wero yot as reckless of lil'o and as much pirates within, tho llniita ol! their menus ns any rovers who over put out from Saluo, Tlioro woro stories oC yachts booalrnod and disabled ships whioh had osoapod thoso savages only by a miraoio, Tlio RIITs, as this portion of the Morocco coast is. called, extends from Tanglov on tho Avosk to unar tho western fi'ontior of A.lgiors- having iv length ol! 210 miles, So great at 011c time were tlitf injuries in flicted by the Riflirms on passing merchant vessels, that most of the maritime Stirtes paid nn annual sum that tliey might go un molested. Austria and Spain deslared war ngainst tho Sultiin of Morocco ftiul bitccoihicii in obtaining compensation for losses. The Sultan's authority in tlm Rifl region was not strong, however, and piratical depre dations still continued. What a prize would be our ling', driving surely into their clutches, and half- manned with fellows as villainous as themselves, and willing to share tlio spoil ! For nearly an hour we had been pitching and rolling and drifting, until now wo could discern through the darkness the breakers tossing their whito foam not more than a quarter of a milo away,, and beyond them the threatening cliffs. ' Let go tho drag !' yelled the captain, and tho anchor shot over the bow, but at full cable length it failed to touch bottom:. ' By George!' ho exclaimed, ' I've been in tough 1 places before, but this beats tlicni all. We're a goner, sure.' Nearer and nearer wo drifted with nothing but the chance of our anchor gripping between us and death. Presently the captain, point ing shorowai'd, shouted : ' Look thero !' SWARMING WITH HAVACIKS. Tlio moon, shining out for a moment between tlio scuddimr clouds, revealed the shore swarming with R'ilf savages, eagerly awaiting our destruction. 'Tom,' said ho, 'run bolow and see what you can raise in tho way of lirearrns, and bring them on deck at once.' ' Littl'e use, I'm afraid, sir, against these rocks.' ' Well, there's a bare clianco of our anchor biting yet; and, besides, T don't like tho look of that knot of fellows forward thoro. Thoro's only ono boat aboard that's good for anything in such a sea as this, and wo must at all hazards prevent thoso scoundrels from taking it.' I wont below, and rummaging around I found a conplc of old muskets and a fowling piece. These, with sufficient ammunition for a dozon rounds apiece, I carried 011 dock. I awakened tho captain's wifo while below, and sho followed 1110 up. ' Oh, John !' she cricd, when sho saw tho threatening rocks towards which wo wero rapidly drifting, ' this- is torriblo, terrible !' ' Cheer up, lass, wo must hope for tho best. Here, you tako this, J'onnio,' said hor hus band, offering hor tho fowling-piece. ' You have dono woll with it against soa birds, now try it on soa savages.' She hesitated. ' Nay, lass,' ho continued, somewhat sternly, ' tlioro s 110 placo horo lor avo manly scruplcs ; Avhen tho timo comes you. must shoot, and shoot to kill. Tako it, I say.' With an offort sho controlled horsolf and accoptod tho lighter weapon, Avhilo ho and I took oacli a musket. Of a sudden tho anchoivbit and hold firmly, and tho brig Avas brought1 up Avitli such a jork that avo Avoro all thrown to tho dock. The Avrockors on tho shoro Avero getting impatient, and a ntimbor of them had hauled a long boat from somo hidd'on cavo in tho cliff. Anothor soon folloAvcd, nnd both Avoro rapidly manned. Each Riffian Avas armod to tho tooth, and iittio morcy might Do oxpoctocl rrom them it avo should' fall into thoir clutches. ' Stand back there, yollod tho captain, sud donly. We turned to find' him loA'olling his muskot at somothing in tho forochuins. Happening to glanco forward ho had d s coverod tho Portuguese folloAV ondoavouring. stealthily to cast off'tho board ond of our cablo so as to solid us 011 tho rock. 1 Tho ras'jal suav that I10 avus coA'ored by tho captain's gun and sneaked scoAvlingly into tho forocastlo. Tho old orow woro uoav called aft. and detailed to stand guard, two near tho Avindlass and two* bosido tho long boat. jennie's splendid shot. During this intorval our oyos had' boon I.IIIMmrl Pwvm flirt cilmim n»wl nrhr»ii ttttx again tho two boats Avoro avoII undor way. Swoops Avoro got out, two 011 oaoh sido, and inannod by groat muscular barbarians, Fortunately for us, thoir clumsy flroarms and tho tossing of thoir galloy mado it almost usoloss for thom to attompt to do lis injury at any distanco,. So avo thought it Aviso to Avail; until thoy ,camo avoII within range, when, at|tho skipper's command, Jonnio firod. It Avas a splendid shot, Tho foromost boat yaAVod visibly and shipped a heavy Avavo, Ono of tho oarmon. dropped his oar as tho though tho handlo of it avus a livo coal; ?Nrnvrmflinlnuu fl^vr, ? ? uiivj luiiuvuruu mill camo on again, Avlioroupon tho captain and I put tho contents of our Avoapons at thoir dis posal. As far as avo could soo, hoAvovor, littlo damage avus dono by oithor of us, yot it suf ficed to mako thom chango thoir tactics, Tlio hindmost boat noAV startod 011 a dotour to tako us on tho opposito sido, ( ' This Avon't do, Tom,' said tho captain. ' Wo'vo got 110 poAvdor to Avasto ; avo- must wait until thoy got olosor still. Jbnnioi. you had bettor go boloAv.' But tho lass had tasted tho intoxicating spirit of udvorituro, and insisted lupon, nornain ing on dook,. so avo stoAVod oursolvos behind tho bulAvarlfcsi and Avaitod. Pooring through a ropo hole I Avatc'ilcd our enomios approaoli . ' Now, captain,' I ortod, aud up* wo roso and gavo thom a full volloy, . This timo tho Avurniug thoy roaoiVod Avas unmistakable^ Tavo who had booiii standing in tho boAVS pitohod hoad foromoslv overboard, and anothor dropped limply, into tlto bottom of tho boat. While tho savages woro' picking- up thoir woiuidod avo loaded agfiin niul firod another round, That proved to bo all thoy ooulcl' stand, for thoy turnotli; tail 'and' iwvod hastily for tho shoro, leaving 011a ol! tlioiv companions still struggling iu tluvwntor. TIM UMTUHAT :? A HUOONH' ATTACK, Tho olioor that folknvad tho boat's rotveat was mulrtonly otitt short by h scream from Jennie, While all' oyas avdto bent in, tlio direction ol' tlio- oncomors, tho Portuguese had crept silontly up boMntl tho captain mid was about to or.ish his skull Avitli, a belaying 1 Tho warning avius just In time,, and the bhnv doHoondiid harmlessly 011 tho rail. The 110, vt minuto lihn scoundrel lay stuuuod upon tho doolc wvlili n. Wow Prom I, ho butt;, of my muskot. Ho Avnst. bonnd Hocmwly ami oarrietil boloAV to tvwait furthor punishment, shouid avo bit fortunate onough to escape. In tho oxoitomoiit of this Incident we littd lorgoHen iiboiil, tho sooond bout, and whon a yell from Dalton brought us to tlio othor sido ol tho bvigj tho Rifil.nrtH wove (Almost upon ua, When tho cutthroat Sjfaniard^ khv this the J gavo u shout pf'encouragi.'meiit. One of them, moro enthusiastic than tho rest, leaped upon tlio rail and beckoned (hem 011 excitedly ; whereupon Dalton, seizing the capstan bur, gave (I10 villain such a clip that tho fellow let go and fell avHIi a scream into tbe raging Avaters. Meantime, avo had loaded our muskets, and blazed away. As good luck Avould have it, flio f«.n cn\r.irrn« \ ;t 1 1 1 1 wnm rnwillfroil OHO Side woro hit, one so badly (fiat he let his sAveep go, nnd it aviis swirled away by the aviivoh. Tho othor ceased rowing, but held bis grip, Avhilc the unbalanced boat yawned dangerously into tho trough of the sea. Before they had timo to regain thoir lost ground Ave had loaded again. Bang !' Biuig ! Bang ! All three went wide of tho mark, and the pirates came speeding up' to tho side of our ship. Just thon there camc tho sweetest sound I OArcr heard. Borne on' tho galo camo tho ' boom ' of an approaching- A'ossch Our A'ol ley had boon seen and answered. ' Down, Jennie. Down beneath tho bul warks.' It Avas getting rather hot for tho little Avoman, and she quickly did as she Avas bid. Tho coptain and I stood' u p together to ,i ? ? ? j i ? j — » I | imtw UIIL iibftun.iuib arc*. jjiniy ; unity , bang ! bang ! With 110 more damage, how j over, than a holo through tho skipper's cap. It Avas 110 placo for long olunisy firearms. Dalton and our old crow Avoro now at our sido, each armod Avitli a heavy capstan bar. Tho three scoundrelly Spaniards lurked near tho forocastlo, excitedly aivaiting. tho turn of 0 vents. Boom ! Tho sound Avas nearer iioav. Would help bo too late ? Tho boat grappled. Thoro Avoro fully a dozon of tho saA'ages, and their murdorous dirks gleamed 111 ? the flickering moonlight most awfully. Thoy, too, had heard tho approaehiiig.roscito and' Avoro grown desporato. ? Up tho sido thoy SAvarmed like. Avild cuts. Asblow from Dalton gave a final sottler to 011c of thom, Avhilo tlio rest of us succeeded in boating thom back into tlieir galley. Tho second attempt tho pirates Avoro rather moro successful. Tavo of tliom. leaped' oA'or tho rail, and, boforo avo kncAV it, 011c of our sturdy felloAvs lay prone upon tlio - deck, stabbed to tho heart. Wc could ill spare him, particularly as avo now had to diA'ido our attention. But thoro Avas liolp at hand Avhich avo had not cxpocted.' Tlio sturdy- boai'tod littlo Avoman, though coAvoring beneath tho rail, had not boon idle all' this time, and tho discharge from her re loaded Avcapon aviis so avoII dircctedthat there Avas 110 longer anything to fear from' tho two avIio had got on board. TAnHn.. ,...'fl. 1,;„ r.f„rvv,~fl, am «m- mn gram, oviuujjui ouw.uu tho Avoundcd ruffians ono aftor another and hurled thom down upon thoir climbing com panions, dashing all in confusion- to tho bottom of tho boat. Boom I onco more, and so - noar this timo that it put fresh courago into us and fresh desperation into our piratic ? assailants. To got on board and drop our cablo avus now thoir thought. This done,- tlirco minutes moro Avould sco 11s smashed' upon, tho rocks and tlioirs as much booty as thoy might save. A 1 1 ITT 15 1 1 STIiUOCII.I-:. Up thoy swarm once more, nino against five, using all tho strategy thoir. oxporionco had taught thom. Tavo of thoim clung low d6\vn to tho channol irons,. Avhilo- tho rest drew thoir boat furthor along the sido of the navies, oy aviucii ? sney try to- c lam Dor lap. In this Avny thoy divido our lofl'orts and stand a. hotter clianco [by . reason of their numbors. Thoro is. a long and bitter struggle* . Dalton's right arm is piorcod by a dirk and rondorod useless ; tho captain aud I aro both woundod. severely in tho hands — heavon liolp u'Ji Sudd'enly tlioro is a rush of unrooving tacklo, follbwod by a crnsh ; tho stern of tho long boat has dropped from tho davits plump into tho galloy of our assailant, crushing 0110 of thom into insensi bility and' so disconcerting the othors that thoy^ loso hold ol: tlio brig's side, and 111 half a minuC'o aro floundering far as tor 11. .Sonny had played anothor trump cord,. God bloss lmr. 'Hurrah, lads,' yelled tlio captain,, grab bing his bravo littlo Avifo in his arm a and kissing hor. 'Throo choors.for Admiral Jbnnio,'' criod Dalton, though, .poor dovil, he avus pal 0 as a' ghost from loss of blood. ' Load, .Tom, quick iioav. Wo must givo tlieso fiends a pn/rting shot, and at tho samo timo lot the approach ing voshoI know our Avhoreaboute.' Tho Avord had scatooly passod his lips whon thoro Avas a sharp wrack as of 50' rifles, a, Murnaui oi pam, ami 1110 pirates galley clrirtou holplossly« from our sight into tho tiarknoss. Our roscuor aviis nomror than avo had1 supposed . Sho provod to bo the Alort, a British cruiser of 10 good guns and - sonic -half a hundrod - shftrp-sliootors. Sho had somohoAv.g'ot word ofi our flisastor, 1 and alloAving fo'^ Aviuil and: tidoj. had oomo : fairly close to us, whon iilko flawh. ol! our first-, | volloy sliOAVod hor Avlioro avo avoi'o. Bub sho Avasnlt a bit too soon, fiw ovon ifl tlio pirntos lind'i not rpturnocll to fJlio afitaolt Avithi incroasod ninnboi/s, . oui.' ouhk- Avas avoII'w nighi olmfod thwoughy nnd'anothor 3ft mimvhoH Avonl'd havo scon .our complete dosfiirnotion. bravo littlo Avonuui, avIiohc pluck luadl jiroHoneo ^ oi! mind luidi saved us^ iioav pu!i oji hou' femininity onoo- moro 'awl promptly Imntod. On, our atTiVftt . ivb G ibrailtar, Avlvitho'r t).(o oruisor IsoAVod us, slto aviis takou lIoavii with riorvous prostmtion,. aud it Avas noli until I sho sot foot 011 lmivnnAivo shoro agiiui- that rjlio fully rooovorod! frwu tho shook of 'hor terrible o:;,porioiico. That a van the Aviiiy iu Avhioli I paouoil tho Now Yoar oMSWili1. Tim tron from Aviima Ntryohnlno en in en grown in Uoylou and In aovoral (lIMiilotn of Imllat lb In ol! inoflomti) u\v,nt vvU.lv ihiolc und ahinln^ lnavon -»u\ a Hliorl', orooltud, aturo. In tho fruit noucon Ih la ri'ungn.Hntl hy Itm rich, orim«o«oo)&urocl; bnrrlpn, fiboufc hh Inrgiv ub w golden pippin, within whloh asm' llfvli, round mxidn, not 111.1 inoh la cilwuotor, nHh-crcy In oolnur, (Mid o.nvorod wll.li ininutn nllky huini, Lho nnud tn tin-, dciidly pnlcon nut. It wa« onrlv ilium.! an 11 inutllolnii by thn ILIntloou, 11 ml Itn imturo nnd propiirliliiH worn undorHtood by Orluntinl dwtoi'o IUU{{. uuroin. I r. Wftfl Known to otilmr tmtloiiH, Somo UtMn thin* Hlnoo, tho X'rluou of Wuloa nriivolied pth'utoly to Folkntouo to niooli PrlnoiisH imulfio, who waa (mining own- from tlio CJontlnonfc, und, im khoro aviih hoiiki tlmn tn wait hiiPnni thu iutivmI of fhh rtljmmnrv ho Hti-ollntl abnuti o\\\ thn nufiV| lusu ullliualioly *wanlj out with u lumtinnn of otwl ruinci for a Hhorlvorulao In tho Ohnnnol, Whon thoy fjot nnfoly Vintik bho, Pt'lnoo romurkofl, 11 Pm*. napii you wouhl Uko to know who I amp' 'X clonk mow hh \ imr.iHi Ib ain't no nddit to mo,' »Vm° rTO'y' ' W«1 1, I'm tho Pi'lnoo od WiiIoh,'' Jho lrbioij of Walaiil' ojiuiuliitod |,hn old miirlnun nlylnK hlB ouHtoinur n, playful din lu tha *lb», ' Uoi uIohk with yor I' * J 1F ^ Tno 