SYLVIA MONK'S CRIME. Ragee came up at this juncture and pre sented the scarf to her mistress, begging her to throw it over her shoulders lest she might take cold. Sylvia complied with the request. The Hindoo woman cast a distrustful glance at the detective and said, in the Hindostanee tongue: 'Beware, Missy. The butler has just told me that this is the detective. I made an excuse to come and warn you. He will try Sto worm out of you contradictory sayings. He is not what be seems. I am afraid of him.' ' Miss Monk laughed and Ragee reluctantly retired. There was a cloud on her dusky brow, and an anxious look in her eyes as she retreated to the house. Some instinct told her that this foppish little fellow, with his eye-glass and his drawling accent, was more to be feared than any other. ' My ayah is a good old soul,' said Sylvia, ' but she seems to think me a delicate invalid who must be cosseted continually. She speaks a little English, but usually addresses me in her own tongue. The Hindostanee is as sweet and mellifluous as honeyed wine. All she had to say to me was that I must guard against this insidious sea-breeze, and to remind me of an illness it once caused me, but you heard how the words rolled off her tongue in music. Ah, the Hindostanee 'is sweet to my ears. Its words were the first my tongue lisped, and I suppose I shall speak it last of all.' She sighed sentimentally, and her eyes gazed full into the detective's face. 'The Hindostanee tongue is mellifluous, as you say, Miss Monk,' he remarked. ' I like it. The Hiodostanee was the first lan guage I ever spoke, for, like you, I was born in India, bad a native nurse, and my mother died in my first year of life.' Miss Monk's face paled. 'You understand Hindostanee, then,' be said. 'Very well indeed,' answered the officer, coolly. ' I lived in India until I was ten * years old. On reaching my majority I went back to look after some property left me by my father, and I remained there some five years studying the language and the people.' ; Sylvia listened to this revelation in a dead silence. She comprehended that he had understood Ragee's warning words, and fear and anger took possession of her. 'I must say,' she declared after a pause, *that your conduct in listening to my ayah's private communication is not what I consider honourable.' ' I might retort that it is not considered 'good-breeding to use a foreign language be fore people who are believed not to under stand it,' said the detective, smiling. 'But, Miss Monk, no advantage will be taken of your ayah's warning against me. Her words are of little consequence either way. I had come to several conclusions before she ap peared, and her words did not affect those * :conclusions. Pardon me for having intruded upon you for so long a time, and accept my thanks for the assistance you have rendered m'e. I will now join Lord Chetwynd and.bhis distinguished guest.' He raised his hat again with languid grace, * walked away toward the house, and made his way to the grand old library. Lord Chet " wynd and Mr. Tempest were seated at one • of the tables poring over maps of China and Tartary. They looked up at Bisset's entrance. 'Come in, Mr. Bisset,' said the marquis, • with thrlcpourtesy that distinguished him. ' I have not now come to interrupt your visit with Mr. Tempest, but to ask you to place a saddle-horse at my disposal, I desire to absent myself upon this business for some b hours. I may not be back until to-morrow morning.' 'Take your own time, Mr. Bisset,' re 'spond^. the marquis. Come and go at * pleasure. Here is a night-key which you requested. I shall order one of my own favourite horses to be saddled immediately, and it shall be yours while you stay here.' . Lord Chetwynd rang the bell and gave the requisite order, Mr. Bisset waited until a servant announced that the horse was in S.waiting, and then took his leave, mounted, , and rode down the avenue just as Miss Monk stapproached the house. He raised his hat to her respectfully, and rode on. In' a few • minutes he had passed out of the lodge gates, and was on his way to the village of Chet wynd.by.sea. Mr. Bisset did not stop many minutes at Sthe village. He rode into the inn stable-yard, ' and had a brief interview with a stable-boy, * and then rode out again and pushed on to " Eastbourne, He had secured the address of , the flyman who had brought Bernice over to SChetwynd village, upon her last visit to the ,Park. On arriving at Eastbourne he sought I out this flyman. He found the man com municative. In reply to his close questions he learned that a young veiled lady had . hired the fly in question on the previous Thursday night, on the arrival of the down express. She had arrived on that train. SThe driver had not seen her face. She was slender, a mere slip of a girl, in fact, with a * sweet low voice, a graceful step, and a grace ful refined manner. The flyman was ready to swear that she was a lady. She hired him to take her to Chetwynd-by-sea, and wait for her there two hours, agreeing to return with him. He was not a man to take his beast for . so lung a drive at night without getting a double fare. He drove the lady to Chetwynd village. At the top of the street she got out, bidding him drive on to the inn and wait for her there. That was the last he had seen of her. S' They say she meant to give you the slip,' said Bisset, artfully ; 'that she is a farmer's daughter living out Chetwynd way, and offered you the return fare as a bait.' ' She's no farmer's daughter,' said the fly man doggedly. 'I'll swear to that. Why, she carried herself as proud as a queen. You could see that she was used to servants. * And she didn't offer me the return fare as a bait neither. She was a true lady, above lying, I'll be bound.' No further information was to be obtained from the flyman, but Mr. Bisset did not appear dissatisfied,. He gave the man another shilling, and said : 'What's the next station that the express stops at. The flyman informed him, and the officer rode away, striking cut briskly over the pleasant Sussex road on his way to Nunegate. In less than an hour he rode up to the little country station at which Beroice hid, booked herself for London. A train was expected presently, and the ticket agent sat in his office at the open window. Mr. Bisset left his .horse in charge of a lounger, and went into the station. ' Where to, sir ?' asked the agent, briskly, as the detective's face darkened the window. 'Nowhere in particular,' replied Bisset, good-naturedly. 'Have a cigar, sir ? I wish to take the liberty to make an inqairy which you may be able to answer. Yesterday morning a young lady went up to London alone by train, and I am uneasy about her. Did she go from this station ?-a young lady dressed in grey, with a double grey veil, and a grey hat and feather.' The ticket agent accepted the cigar, and sesponded:: '* There was such a young la?dy pre yester lday morning, sir. I did not see her fc?e, it ,beiqg hidden by the veil. She seemed to.me, as if she had walked long, and was tired out. She went up first-class, ladies' coach, to London. Was it a runaway, sir?' 'Something like it,' replied Mr. Bisect. Thanks, I am quite satisfied.' He returned to his horse, mounted, and set out on his return to the Park. ' My business is concluded sooner than I expected,' he mused. ' I shall be back in ime to dress for dinner. My excursion has been a success. The ' spectre' went up to London. First-class. A lady evidently. I Ladies' coach. Modest, I should say.' . He returned to Chetwynd Park, arriving in time to dress for dinner. Faultlessly dressed n dress coat, white cravat, embroidered shirt ront and fine jewels, and wearing his eye glass, he descended to the drawing-room, After dinner the party returned to the drawing-room. Miss Monk played a brilliant nperatic composition, and sang .also. Mr. 'empest was induced to rehearse some of his adventures in foreign climes. The evening slipped away pleasantly. At eleven o'clock Miss Monk retired, and soon after Gilbert, as anxious for an interview with his sister as she was for an interview with him, also said good-nieht and retired. Mr. Tempest arose to follow their example. ' Be good enough to remain a few moments, sir,' said the ,detective, quietly. 'I have something to say to Lord Chetwynd, and I believe his lordship has admitted you into his counsels, Mr. Tempest.' Lord Chetwynd assented. Bisset went to she door, walking upon his toes, and listened. He locked the door and returned, ' I have ascertained, my lord,' he said, in a business manner, ' that the ' spectre' of the Park arrived from London at Eastbourne on Tuesday night. She drove over to Chetwynd. by-sea in a fly, promising to go back some two hours later in the same vehicle, Being frightened at her near discovery by your lordship. she did not go back in the fly, but .o Nunsgate, where she took yesterday morn ing the up express for London. She was alone throughout, having no confederates. She is young, well-bred, a lady, and was dressed in grey, and wore a double veil of grey grenadine.' Lord Chetwynd and Mr. Tempest were alike surprised at this-store of information gained in such a short period. 'I have reason to believe that the young lady has a den in this house, or confederates,' continued Mr. Bisset. 'For reasons of my own, I incline to the former theory. I believe that this' spectre' does not carry to and fro her white silk grave gown, but leaves it here for use as wanted. She certainly changes her dress after her arrival here, and before she goes. The young woman who came to Eastbourne clad in gray, and went away from Nunsgate clad in gray, are the same; and I know to my own satisfaction, that she is the 'spectre.' Now she must have a dressing-room somewhere., She knows the house, as is proved by her appearance in your lordship's room. She would naturally have her dressing-room in this house, and as lonely a room as could be obtained. I desire to examine the garrets, and to be accompanied by your lordship and Mr. Tempest only. Can we go up to them un seen ?' Chetwyndreplied in the affirmative rang for the butler and ordered candles, which were brought and placed on the hall table. ' We will go now, if you choose, Mr. Bisset,' said the marquis. 'The house is still. I am impatient to learn if your 'theory is correct in every point, and also to examine the white robe, if it be in the house. I shall know-if it be the one my wife wore, if we really find it. Come.' He brought in the candles and lighted them. Then he led the way up by the private stairs to the garret, Mr. Tempest and Mr. Bisset following him. Bath his lordship and the explorer were anxious, trembling, excited, but Bisset was calm and unmoved, as one who marches on to a certain victory. CHAPTER 'XXVI. AN IMPORTANT DISCOVERY. While Lord Chetwyod, Mr. Tempest, and Bisset, the detective, were investigating the attics of the great house for some vestige of'the recent presence of the 'spectral' visitor of Chetwynd Park, Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were arriving at a mutual understanding. Miss Monk had proceeded to her own rooms on leaving the drasving-room. She had exchanged her dinner dress of gold colored silk for her scarlet dressing.gdwn of Indian cashmere, embroidered heavily with gold. Her glittering topazes still swung in her swarthy ears. She was carelessly knotting a gold cord with tassels of bullion about her waist, when a knock was heard on the door of her boudoir. ' It is Gilbert,' said Miss Mo-.k, ' I know his knock. Let him in, Ragee.' The old Hindoo woman obeyed. Miss Monk followed her attendant into her boudoir just as Gilbert Monk was admitted. Ragee locked the door behind him. * This is an unexpected pleasure, Gilbert,' said Miss Monk, ironically. 'You have not been very brotherly of late. I have fancied, indeed, that you have avoided, me. Won't you take a seat ?' ' Thanks,' said Monk, lazily, 'I don't mind if I do,' and he settled himself in a lounging- chair. 'I noticed that you wanted to see me., Where is Ragee?' He looked around. Ragee had curled herself up upon a pile of hassocks in a distant corner, and evidently intended to remain in the room throughout the interview. ' What I have to say to you, Sylvia,' said her brother, 'is for your ears alone. You'd better send your woman away.' ' You can say nothing that I am not willing Ragee should hear,' she replied. 'She will remain.' ( Oh, very well,' sneered Gilbert. Sylvia crested her head forward upon her long neck as she cried, fiercely : ' Where is Bernice Chetwynd ?' Monk started and changed colour. He had expected the question, yet when it came he was not prepared for it. ' Is she not in her coffin ?' he asked, feebly, making an attempt to recover himself. ' Ah, bah I Do you think to cheat me still ? I know you, Gilbert Monk. I know that Bernice is glive. Where is she ?' Monk's courage rose to the occasion. He had only a woman to deal with and that woman his pwn sister. He feared not to place himself in her power since she was in his, He replied in an easy tone : ' Lady Chetwynd is in London.' A look of relief passed over Miss Monk's face. 'I had fancied her in this house,' she said, ' In that case the detective would surely fiLd her. Where is she, in London?' Ragee pricked up her ears. * I decline to tell you,' said Monk coolly. 'She is safe, and I intend that she shall re main safe.' The Hindoo woman clenched her dusky hands, while over her withered face flashed a look of hatred that boded ill for the absent young marchioness. ' I suppose you rescued Bernice from her tomb sixteen months ago, Gilbert,' said Miss Monk. 'Yes,' he assented. ' Was she buried in a trance,' asked Sylvia, with apparent curiosity, * It was a case of suspended animation,' rep!jed Monk, 'produced by an Indian drug dealt out to her by your own treacherous hands, and given to you by the bag yonder, You see, I know the whole truth. As you may have suspected since, I was hidden in was hidden in your dressing.roqm all the time while you were concocting your diabolical plot against Beroice. I saw the contents of the secret drawer in your Indian cabinet. I heard you plan your whole internal scheme with that shedamon yonder. Perhaps )cu may also have guessed that I took advantage of your momentary absence from the room to change the globules you intended for her. You planned that she should die. I arranged that she should die only in seeming.' 'It is as I suspected. Where have you kept her ?' 'That is my secret.' Sylvia's eyes gleamed dangerously from beneath their heavy drooping lids. ' What was your object in rescuing her ?' she asked. SThat is also my secret,' said Monk. 'It shall be mine also, if I tear it from your heart !' cried Sylvia. *'You intend to enrich yourself at my expense. You intend to wait till my marriage day, and then proclaim to Chetwynd that Bernice lives, and claim a munificent reward.' 'You mistake my designs entirely. I had no such intention as this you attribute to me. If I can prevent is, Chetwynd shall never know that Bernice lives.' . ',You expect to keep her alive as a scourge to me, then? You mean to compel me to support you through my terror of her?' ' Not exactly. And yet I expect you to pay me a handsome annuity when you be come Lady Chetwynd.' ' I will pay you more when she is dead.' 'But I intend that she shall live. The truth is, Sylvia,' and Monk's swart face flushed, 'I love Bernice, You have seen into what a superb beauty she has developed. I shall marry Bernice-she thinks that she is free from her marriage bond by reason of her pretended death and. burial, And I shall swear her to secrecy concerning her past life. She is a very Puritan, and regards her word as other people do theiir oaths-as sacred. When she is actually mine, and you are likely to return to England, I shall take my bride away to some foreign country ahd there spend my days. I am not food of England, and I should like to live in Austria.- Neither Ber nice nor I care for society. Give me-a good income, an estate near Vienna, horses, ser vants, and a few friends, and I care for nothing more.' Miss Monk regarded her brother narrowly and searchingly. She saw that he was speak ing the truth, but yet she was not satisfied. 'You had no such design as this, Gilbert,' she said, 'sixteen months ago. 'You did not rescue her from the tomb because you loved her. All this love and thought of life with her in a foreign land is of later date. Why, then, did you rescue her.from death? Why did you seclude her and educate her ? You must tell me why.' ' I have no objections to so doing,' said Monk easily. 'The truth will do no harm. I have discovered, through my connection with Scotsby and Newman, the secret history of Lady Chetwynd. You remember that there was a mystery about her birth; She was abandoned by her father, a wealthy gentle man, who took her to St. Kilda in his yacht, and left her on that distant island in the care of Minister Gwellan and his wife, who brought up the waif as their own child. The father never came for her. Now I. happened to discover who she is, and the knowledge in spired me to act as I have done,' Miss Monk's brows were knitted, her swarthy face colorless and gray, her manner troubled and annoyed. 'You know who Bernice isl' she ejaculated,. *'You have known all this while? . I never gave you credit for such depth, Gilbert. Who is Bernice ?' * That Icannot tell you. I reserve a few of my secrets !or my own especial profit,' 'Is she an heiress 1' asked Miss Monk, frowning.. .. .. 'It is highly probable: I am not one to bestis.myse!f for a pauper. By-the-by, how about your marriage settlements.' 'They are being drawn up by the family solicitor. Lord Chetwynd treats me most magnificently, My yearly income will be something grand, but then Chetwynd can afford it. He's rich to embarrassment, you know.' 'Yes, I khow,' said Monk, arising from his chair and holding out his hand to her in a token of amity. 'You can depend on me,' he said. 'We will both feather our nests handsomely. And now, Sylvia, I must go. I fancy I hear steps on the floor above. That confounded deter tire may bejprowling about. I mean to keep my eye on him henceforth. If he's spying, I may as well get to my own room.' Again he approached the door. Ragee looked at her mistress significantly. Sylvia nodded, and she hastened to bpen the'door. Without a look at her, Gilbert strode out into the hall, and the door closed behind him. " Rages hstened to his departing steps, and then faced her mistress. 'What is to be done ?' she asked. 'Is it an alliance, Missy ?' 'No-a war to the death I' said Sylvia, in in her fierce voice. 'I am not safe while Bernice lives. She will never consent to ,sarry Gilbert. She adores Roy Chetwynd. She has plans of her own. She plays the ghost to frighten me. She means to reveal herself in time to Chetwynd, She is duping Gilbert. She means to be revenged on me. I-am not safe. The girl must die i' * Ayes she must die.' 'When the detective leaves, Gilbert will go to London to see Bernice. You must trcl: him to her. Find her, and let her not escape you the third time. Be as secret as death, as cruel as the grave. Remember it is my safety you are fighting for.' The Hindoo nodded assent with an evil smile. And now we will see how Bernice gas faring. Her meeting with Flack seemed op portune. She resolved to spend the night with Mrs. Crowl, and to resume her search on the following day for something to do and somewhere to stay, Mrs. Crowl was in the act of sitting down to her supper when they arrived. She sprang up with a gurgling cry of joy. 'Sit down here,' she said, pushing forward a chair. 'You look tired, Miss Gwyn.' Then hastily remroving Berosce's hat, she brought a cup of hot, strong tea. The girl took it eagerly and sipped it, feeling a warmth begin to diffuse itself throughout her system. Little was said until Bernice had eaten, and a dash of colour had come to her cheek and the old brave light to her eyes. *'There, you look better now,' said Mrs. Crowl. 'Won't you have a bit of Welsh rabbit or a chop ?' 'Thank you, no,' replied Bernice. 'I want nothing'more.' She put out her hands towards the blaze of the fire. Mrs. Crowl saw how thin tihe hands were, and how thin also the pale young face. She saw, too, under the girl's pallor and weakness, the strength of an awakened spirit, of a brave and spirited nature. She had suffered greatly since Mrs. Crowl bad last seen her, but this suffering had been like the fire which tries the gold, and she was that night, despite her weakness and poverty and friendlessness, a brave, strong-souled, clear beaded woman, 