[ TSIE WIDE WORLD. I observe that some external crltte* were anxious to know what lulls I should explain to X°u 01\ “le pl5*e"'* occasion (said Lord Salisbuiy m a speech at Brighton). I am afiaul I must refer to a very ancient story, viz., the story o£ King Henry 1\\. Viaen he asked a Mayor for the aeys, the Mayor said he had eighteen reasons for not caving them; the first was that he had. lot no keys, upon which the King said he might dispense with the other seven ton reasons. That is precisely my con dition; I have got no hills. It is very earlv in the season; we are engaged in; the manufacture; I have not seen even the raw article yet—-(lauglttor) and you know that the finished product often differs considerably from the raw article (Hear, hear.) Therefore, I should be excedingly rash if I attempted to pos sess you with any Bills. Sir Michael Hicks-Bcach, 1:1 tv Chan cellor of the Exchequer, has annotiuc etl (says our London correspondent) that it is not his intention to propose a tax on cycles in his next budget. Many minds have been relieved by flic;.an nouncement, and the supporters oi? fine Government also breathe more tieol.v, as nothing would bring them into more unpleasant relations with the gr-sa bulk of their constituents than a vote cast iu favor of a cycle tax. If ItohesC Towns proposed a tax on matches sum eieut to kill one Government, it is not: difficult to prophesy the fate of the; Ministry that would alienate and senu^ into opposition the great army of.,cy-;^ clists. And yet there are two classes-*, of cyclists who might be very legiti mately subjected to taxation. They are the reckless street-scorchers and the advertising pedallists. The former are not unknown at the Antipodes, but I am not quite sure that bicyclists with soap and pill advertisements between their wheels have so far made their appearance iu the streets of Melbourae. What lias become of Connor, the erst while cha mpion Australian slogger, and the only colonial who has so far suc ceeded in smashing the clock at Lords i The memory of the big Victorian hitter was revived (says our London corres pondent) on Saturday evening at a din ner of flic Johnson Club in Fleet street Mr Augustine Birrell, Q.C., M.P., told a very amusing anecdote. He said that Bouuor, when iu London, once attended the annual dinner of the Johnson Club, but lie had not the ghost of an idea who Dr. Johnson was, anil he confidentially assured Mr Birred that the vast majority of Australians shared his ignorauce in thy inattcr--a statement that is certainly not strict gospel. However, when the dinner was over and the big hitter had absorbed ali the speeches in favor of the great lexicographer, lie rose, and assured the company that if he had uot been George Bonuor. the Australian cricket er, he would like to have been Dr. Samuel Johnson. Now, what does Bon nor say to this little fairy tale ? The fidelity with which the British captain sticks to his ship u*. the hour of peril, and never thinks of his own safety until everybody else is out of danger lias become almost as familiar as a proverb, and it is very rare in deed (says our London correspondent) that a British skipper is guilty of con duct: the very reverse of this. But a shocking case of a cowardly aud trai torous captain has been before the courts this week. The vessel Wf-.y Not was found, to he on fire off the coast of France, and Captain Wilkinson, in stead of heroically sticking to his post, jumped into the only available boat and, together with-the mate .and- sev eral sailors, pulled away leaving the unfortunate passengers to their fate Thcy somehow luckily managed to keep tlie flames under, and navigate the ship iuto a neighboring port. The chic ken- hearted captain, a disgrace to hi» profession, has been' sentenced to six months’ imprisonment, which is cer tainly a very light punishment uuder the circumstances. The mate got oQT with two mouths In connection with the last Hospital. Sunday iu London, the "Lancet” pub lished some valuable statistics concern ing the Metropolitan Hospitals. From these it appeared ghat the number oC patients admitted into all the London general hospitals during the previous year was 52.0SO. of whom 15,47-1 were relieved, 2S,o2i! wore cured, arid 4400 died. TUie average deatli rate was S.G per cent. An interesting fact -men tioned was, that the Hospitals which showed the highest percentage of cures; and the lowest percentage of deaths was the Loudon Temperance Hospital, which deals with all kinds of diseases,, accidents, and surgical cases, and where alcohol is used a.t all only os a. drug in its pure form. The death rate in this- (institution was only 5.0 per There was a good deal of discussion last month at Derby among the leading owners about the newly published-For feit List, and the appearance therein of the name of Lord Calthorpe, who is •down for £3S5 las. Lord Calthorpe was for thirty years a prominent member, of the Jockey Club, and he raced on a . large scale with great successs, to which it must be added that he was a man of immense wealth, and that his breeding and racing studs were sold at New : market two years ago, after his death, for upwads of £20,000. Under these cir cumstances it is generally thought to be very discreditable that Lord Calthorpe’s representative should allow liis name to appear on the Forfeit List as a debtor for such a paltry sum as £3S5 15s. The Prince of Wales is understood to have" | spoken very decidedly on the subject,, and his view of the matter is shared by all the other members of the Jockey Club, and by racing men generally. A strange society has ben brought to light during 'the hearing of a case before the Thames magistrate. Several men were charged with stealing a watch from a sailor, and were all discharged except Alexander Fullerton, on whom were found a Post Office Savings Bank book for £49 and a card bearing the fol lowing inscription ;—-‘National Liars' Association.—Having been a member of the above association, ana nnuing yoa a bigger liar than myself, I must con gratulate you on relieving me of this card.” It must be gratifying >to the East End community, as well as a tribute to Fullerton’s own abilities, that he had' found no one worthy of relieving him of the card. The magistrate remanded hint for inquiries. A Delsante teacher, who is peculiar in knowing something of Delsarte's system;' of expression, says that women can im prove their walk without a teacher, though they can't learn without walk ing from print. The proper length of the step Is twice the length of one foot, and. it is measured from the hallowof one foot to 'the hollow of 'the other. Mow. take a piece of tape and sew on it bits o-f flannel at intervals twice the length of one of your feet, stretch it across the longest room you have at your disposal, and you are ready for practice. Maybe you don’t know that each foot should cross the same line with each successive step? It should— that is very important, so now you must • walk your tape and set one foot and- then the other right over one of those bits of flannel, letting the flannel come just under the instep. Do this, aud turn your -toes out well, and swing ; your legs from the -thigh, and you an» ^ far on the road- to a beautiful walk. 