Stfems of 'ters. EsNLISH CRTCKET NOTE.--In another column will be found the first of a series of English cricket notes, written by an ex-player, and we may add a well-known Australian bowler. We have made ar rangerents with Messrs Hennessy and Harper. the well-known publishers of Sydney, who will supply a short, chatty article each week, which should prove both interesting and attractive to lovers of the game. As the matches continue and the Australians meet with more skilled players the general interest will be inten sifted. So far "Our Boys" seem to be able to hold their own, and notwithstanding the fact that " Ex-player" states that there is not a first class bowler in the team, the bowling seems too good for the Englishmen. TuH CARRAJUyG Ltrs.-In another column we publish the programme of the railway standing committee who will visit this district on Thursday next, for the purpose of inspecting the route of the proposed narrow-gauge railway from Traralgon to Carrajung, and Carrajung to Alberton. Mr T. G. Watson, Clerk of Committees, through whose courtesy we have been supplied with the information, requests us to announce that the com mittee will be glad if all those interested in the proposed line, and who can give useful information respecting the settle ment, cultivation, timber resources, and generally the prospects of tratlic, will attend at the places mentioned in the programme. The time is short, but there surely ought to be many men in the dis trict who could supply all the information required, and we trust they will be in attendance. RECET'Tr AND PAY OrrncE.-The fol lowing accounts are awaiting payment at the sub-treasury :-Toongabbie Me chanics, G. Roy, C. H. Williams (2), W. Carey, Toongabbie Mechanics'. Morwell -E. Thomas, L Hayes, A. Marshall, J. Thompson. Rosedale-E. Yeates, Me chlanics' Institute, J. J. Murray. Tnu WEATHER.-After a spell of fine weather, a sudden change took place on Saturday, when some very heavy showers fell. Shortly before 2 o'clock a driving rain from the south-west compelled all who could to seek shelterat once. About half-past 4 o'clock there was another very heavy downpour, accompanied by hail. The cold was very severe. On Sunday it cleared, but a few light ehowers fell. Yesterday it was very cold, but although threatening the rain kept off. OBITUARY.-We regret to have to re cord the death of Miss Kate Whittakers, third daughter of the late Mr Win. Whlttakers, of "Fernhill" Loy Yang, which sad event took place on Saturday morning last. For some time past Mliss Whittakers has been suffering from con sumption, the result of a severe cold, and her death was not altogether unexpected The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, when the remains were interred in the bluff cemetery, a large number of friends following the funeral cortege. The friends of Mrs N. Connelly will regret to hear of her death, which took place about midnight on Fri day, in the Melbourne hospital. Mrs Connelly had been ill for some time, and ullderwentan operation, which we learn, was not altoghther successful, and another had to be performed within a few hours. In her weak state this proved too much f,r her, and she gradually sank. Her remains were interred in the Mel bourne cemetery on Sunday last. MIr Connelly is at present in West Australia, and the news of his wife's death will be a sad blow to him. TENDERS.-The Calligaee Co-operative Creamery and Butter Factory Company, Limited, invite tenders for the erection of a butter factory at Callignee; also for taking down, superintendence of removal, and re-erection of butter factory plant. The tenders may be separate or as one job, and are returnable on Thursday, 11th inst. Plans, etc. may be seen at .Mr Powell's residence, Callignee. ALERTON SIIIRtE.-The usual monthly council meeting was held last week. A letter was read from the secretary of the Traralgon Shire, relative to proposed works near the Bulga .Mechanics' Insti tute, stating that as the probable cost had not been supplied, the council could not deal with the matter. The secretary was instructed to reply. A letter was read from Mr Geo. Hare, secretary of the Gormandale Progress Association, asking for improvement of the main road from Gormandale towards Power's. A motion was carried that the engineer have the holes and ruts attended to. It was also decided that tenders be called for clearing on the Yinnar road. YINNAR CREAMS AND BcTTERt FACTOtRY LT.--The ninth half-yearly meetini, of this factory was held on Saturday in the Yinnar Mechanics' Institute, when the chairman of directors (Mr Geo. Firmin) occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of shareholders. The balance sheet showed that during the past six months 511,000 gallons of milk had been treated for which the suppliers were paid slightly over 2Ad per gallon, and the milk yielded205,006lbs of butter. The expen diture during the same period was £7432, and the receipts £7584, leaving a balance to the credit of the company of £152 6s 5d. The chairmana reported that with reference to the dispute with MIessrs Robinson and Co., concerning the re frigerating plant, this had been fought out in the law courts, atnd a verdict had been given in favor of the company. The refrigenrator was now ready for work. The meeting was most orderly throughout, and at thle close a vote of thanks was ac corded to the directors. VALEDItcroRy.-The Rev. CiOnot Wat son, of Sale, last week took his farewell of the congregiation he has ministered to during the past twenty-two years. On Friday evenings a social was held at St. Paul's Guild room, Raymoud- strect, when he was presented with .n illuminated address and a purse of sovereigns. Arch deacon Armstrong presided, and several leading residents of Sale were present, besides members of the congregation. On Sunday the Canon preached at both services at St. Paul's, ad i.Lt the aftertnoon addressed thle Sunday school clildren. His farewell to the little scholars was (says the "Times") very touching, and the children's tears, welled-up and over flowed as he told them of the love and sorrow that flledhia heart. At thIe even ing se:vice thie Canon preached from the text "And Inow brethren, I commend you to God ...." Acts xx., v.32. As in the morning both preacher and congre gation were at times unable to restrain their emotion,. Hoins SALE..-\Ve would again draw the attention of our readers to the sale of horses to he conducted by the firm of Messrs M'Lean, Coates and Jones at their Traralgon yards to.-morrow. The sale starts at 1 o'clock sharp, and some really good horses have been entered. Miss TAS F.R's Sor.-TYesterday ten ders for the erection of a shop in Franklin street were opened, when it was found that Mr John Richmond's tender was the lowest, and it was accepted. There were six tenders, only one of which came from Mellbourne. Mr Rich,no d was the suc cessful tenderer for the shops erected by aMr Marriage, which are .eing rapidly pushed on with. and should lie be favored with tine weather, there is little doubt they will be completed within the stipulated time. WESLFYAN CHntRCH.--Thec ],ev. W. Allen, of Sale, chairuman of the Gilppmsland district, c,,ndueted the service at the loc.l Wesleyan church ou Sunday morning last, visiting Glengarry in the afternoon and Toougabtie in the evening. Mr Allen preached a plain, gCspell sernion from the 10th verse, 19th chap. of St. Luke. The points were the lost state of the unconverted, and the salvation God had pIrovided for such. ACCIDE.\T.-Yesterday morning an ac cident happened to a young man named Clarke, who is working for Mr Drane, at Loy Yang. H; was breaking in a young horse and had the misfortune to be thrown, and sustained a nasty shaking, and also injuries to his wrist and shoulder. LaInso A Gltos-r.-At the Adelaide Police Court last week, A. Rudd was charged with unlawfully disguising him self with a piece of white cloth, and was therefore deemed to be " idle and dis orderly." On the night of 6th May, Mr Meddal was on his way home when lie noticed a figure in white emerging from the Wesleyan Cemetery. As it approached he heard it say "Thos. Meddal, I claim you." le replied, "Take me then," and struck the figure with a stick which he carried. The ghost closed with him, and in the scuffle the sheet was disarranged and Meddal identified Rudd. Defendant was fined 10s and costs, £4 5s in all. MJea.TNo.-Ou Thursday evening next, at 7.30 p.m., a meeting of subscribers to Traralgon South Mechanics' Institute, will be held for the purpose of electing a trustee. GOLD SAViso AI'mPL?.SC s.-The fact that the latest effort of the engineers in the making of gold-saving appliances has resulted in a machine with the aid of which reefs capable of yielding three dwts. to the ton may be worked at a pro fit should be of particular interest to Victorians, and yet it does not seem to have provoked any unusual excitement; in fact, the item of intelligence has evi dently been passed over as of no pressing importance. Practically, this fact that three dwts. a ton may presently be a profit able yield should be of enormous conse quence to us. We have in this country incalculable quantities of stone that would yield a good deal more than three dwts to the ton, which is simply useless if it must be worked under the conditions that now prevail on Australian goldfields. In South Africa big reefs of comparatively poor quality have been worked on a large seale with very excellent results to the inves tors. Cheap coloured labour rendered this consumation possible, and Barney Barnato and many more like him in Eng land have profited gloriously. We do not want any Barney Barnatos in Victoria, nor do we desire to create multi-million aires oat of the profits of cheap labour, but although the inexpensive nigger and the dirt-cheap yellow man are not avail able to work out three, four and five penr.yweight reefs, it is possible that the best machinery procurable would do as much for the mines in this country as the low-priced black has done for those of Africa; but to that end we need a Government of considersble enterprise and undoubted backbone, Ministers quick to see a great opportunity, and strong enough to seize upon it and work it out. Private enterprise might (says " Punch") do much, but just now private people are not very enterprising, and are hard to convince of the utility of new industries, and the initiatiative in making the very most of our golden resources should be taken by the State. The Government would be amply recompensed if, through its aid in making the best gold-saving ap pliances available to the miners, a few thousands of men yore enabled to earn a good living. It is not necessary to create millionaires in order to benefit the coun try-employ the people in natural indus. tries and the State must prosper. AN EXCITING TI?E.-A party who on Thursday paid a visit of inspection to a Blackwarry farm which has recently passed into the hands of the mortgagee, had a somewhat excitingexperience. They reached the land safely and quietly enough, meeting with no obstacles beyond those furnished by the character of the roads themselves, which, as most of our enaders are aware, are not of the most level. The return journey, however, had not long commenced when it was seen that a good deal more than natural obstruction had to be faced. Stout saplings growing on the roadside had been cut partly through and allowed to fail across the track in such a way as to block it. Some of them it was possible to drive over, but the majority had to be removed, and the task was no light one. for the travellers were unpro vided with an axe. Altogether, in the space of a couple of miles, about fifty stoall trees blocked the way. When a number had been passed the driver, recognising that whoever had felled them must have done his work very recently, suggested to one of the party that Ihe should go ahead and see how fa:r the track was cumnbered. The suggestion was adopted, and the pioneer had not gone far when he heard the soumnd of all axe. Hastening fo)rward he was just in time to see a sapling fall, and when he got up to the spot he found a certain man (who had before been suspected) standing by the fallen tree with an are in his hand. When the wood-cuitter nioticed that he was not alons he threw his axe into the scrub, but otherwise took no action. Thebuggy was a good deal shaken, and the driver is naturally very wroth. So far (says the "Chronicle") nothing decisive has been done, but there is talk of setting the law in motion in some way. Au accounotant, named M'Phee, was stuck up by an armed footpad in Mel bourne the other night, and robbed of his watch and chain. The Australian eleven heat the Las cashire team by 1541 rutns. The scores were -Australians-lst inings, 281; second do., 139. Lauonshire-lst 118; second, 98. About 11 o'clock on Sunday morning, as Mr. Charles Robins and his wife were crossing the railway lie between Natimtnk and Noradjubhe, in a buggy, they were run into by an engine, and instantly killed. Analytical experts to whom Mr. Gillies Agent-Gleneral for Vlctoria,has submitted samples of Victorian butter which have been keptinstore for the last 10 months, report that the quality and condition ol the bImtter renlmain unchanged. By tihe interpretation of the Health Act by Mr Justice Hodges, a person who has been fined for neglectihl to have a child vaccinated, cannot be again punished, although the child remains utivacciunated. This will prove good news to many who do inot believe in vaccination. Phe inventor of the new railway carriage door-lock (Mr. C. Fraser) has received an offer from two local banks for his invention. The price named is £35,000 with a five per cent. interest in all profits from the sale of the patent. The offer, tempting as it is, has beetn refused because of mere splendid terms held out from England. MIr. Fraser has received half-a-dozen ?cable grams invitine him to put his invention under offer to syndicates in England, amid intends going there to do business. The completion by her Majesty Queen 1 Victoria of the sixtieth year of her reign, which event will be accomplished on 20th June, 1897, is to be specially celebrated. The arrangements will be on a scale equally as elabosate as those made in con nectinn with the Jubilee demonstrationI held in 1887. As will be seen by an advertisement in another column, MrJ. Richmond will give an address on Sunday next, at 3 p.m0. in the Mechanics' Institute, on the I Efficiency of Christ's pure gospel t> everlasting life" etc. The admission will lie free, but a collection will be taken up to defray expenses. The committee of the Sale Hospital, after consideration of a complaint made by William Dove, a late inmate, against Dr Browne, one of the honorary medical officers, of having wrongfully performed an operation on him, has decided to suspend Dr Browne and call a meeting of con tributors to the hospital to consider the matter. One merchant who was prominent during the boom-trme, and had a bank book balance of £50,000, now lodges nightly in the open air-Treasury Gardens for preference. Another is carriage orderly outside a big city drapery establish ment, while still another runls a suburban coffee-stall. "Teropora mutautur" with a vengeance ! The Rev. Geo. Daniel, a prominent figure in the religious world, and at one time president of the Wesleyan Conference, was found in a dying condition in the Whittlesea train on Thursday last. He was 74 years of age, and the post mortem examination showed that death resulted from suffocation, a piece of meat being found in his throat. Annie Dyer, the Reading baby farmer who has been sentenced to death for the murder of six infants of whom she had taken charge, and whose bodies were found in the Thames, has again attempted to commit suicide, but the effort was frus trated by the gaol officals. This was the third attempt which the woman has made on her life since her arrest. A farmea named Saunders, residing at Tooradin, has just taken a swarm of bees and a kerosene-tin full of honey from inside the skeleton of a bullock, near the Great Southern railway line, at Kno-we rup West. The animal about a year ago (says a contemporary) became entangled in some barbed wire, and died there, and a swarm of bees came along and made their hive in the carcase. A smilar in cident is alluded to in the Bible-14th chapter Judg-.s-where the bees built a hive in the carcase of a lion slain by Samson. The North Gippslsad coursing club :on eluded their Australian Cup meeting noi Saturday, when the running for Consola tion Stakes and the Australian Piurs" was continued. Australian Purse, for dogs beaten in firt and second rounds of the Cup. Winner, £4 ; runner up, £2 ; third and fourth dogs 16s each. First round : Outcast II beat Mayflower, Hydrant heat Hydrostatic, Silent beat Shock, Irish Gi-l beat Wallah, aansfield beat Trilby. First ties: Outcast I1. beat Hydrant, Silent beat Irish Girl, Mansfield a bye. Second ties; Mansfield beat Outcast II., Silent a bye. Deciding course: Mr. Jas. Thomson's r w d p Mansfield by Harkaway-Honey suckle beat Mr A. Shingle's fd p Silent, by Whisper-Pbheb, and won the purse. A lady correspondent writes to the " Sydney Morning Herald" :-" Will yuu publish a simple, but almost certain pre ventative from typhoid, which seams, unfortunately, to be on the increase ? Let all mothers of families give their children rectified spirits of turpentine in the follow ing quantities, at night, going to bed : Three to twelve years old, 6 to 8 drops, in half a teaspoonful of sugar; above twelve years, 8 to 10 drops. It destroys the typhoid germ, and much suffering may be prevented by this simple and cheap remedy. If achild be seized with typhoid, repeat the doses or G times a day and let no solids or meats in any form he given. I speak from certain knowledge, and hope this little information will be of use to some one.' The " Spectatosr" writes :-Uu Friday word was brought in to Maffra that a dog was worrying Mir T. M. Linton's sheep, which were depasturing in one of the Poweracourt paddccks. Securing a couple of guns, Messrs. Lioton, Mills, O'Brien, Macarthur and others hurried to the place, and sure enoneh about 49 lambs were lying about dead. After a search, the dog was discovered worrying another lamb, and with a Tally-ho the party gave chase. The brute reaaising his danger led them a lon2 course, but finally he was run down and shot. It was also seen that Mlr Mills was a loser, as seven or eight of his sheep were worried to death. Unfortunately the owner is a local towns. man, but when he heard of the mischief done he unhesitatingly offered to recoup the owners for their loss. 