SENFREY MYSTERY; on A BROTHER'S VENGEANCE. A Detective Story. BYr HENY HERxnie, sicshsld by special arrangement wOt Mesers. Ward, Lock ,4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALLa mostHs 5REBVKD CH ?PTER IX.-(COOTrro oD). The landlord of the coffee shop, having Paced the caps of tea, squared his elbows. "Ani who's to pay for it, please'?" he asked. "rTm a 'ouse'older and a rate payer, and I ain't go5i' to pay for no hulkin' lofers doin' nothing and robbin' the parish." The burly man snapped his fingers at the landlord's nose. " Thac'c all you know," he said. "If them as brought you up had taught you readin' and writin' and philosophioks they'd a told you as the ratepayers ain't got nothink to do with them there ques \- -- °r--r~Ats himperial it is, - Hereupon the landlord opened his eyes. . And who's to pay for it, then P" he re peated. "The swellse. Them as has millions, when I've got onl, three bob and a kick. Them as eats rabbits and salt pork, when Ive got to be satisfied with a two- eyed steak. Them as drinks beer by the quarts and get boozed when they likes, when I've got to. wash myself out with, your skilly rot." The prohmentifaced man bridled up at thbis. "Don't you go alanderin' my tea," he said. "It's been good enough for your betters, and is good enough for the likes of you." I thought it was time to interpose. "Stop that jaw," I cried, in my graffest tonsa. "I want my tea. Rot your politics. Were here to eat and drink, sot to spout.' Hereupon the burly man rose and crossed over to me. He stood at the end of the table of my box, resting on his hands and bent forward. "And wot's it got to do with you P" he asked roughly. The ooffee.house keeper had walked to the further end of the room, and the broad back was squared against him, so that he could not see the burly man's faoe. The de tective looked cautiously over his shoulder, and then winked meaningly. I took no notice of the sign. 'It has got a lot to do with me," I re tot.?d. "Im hungry, and want my grub. Ton stay in your box and feed, and let me have my tea." "O.K., Coky .Wax," rejoined the burly man. " You've ewallered the pepper box and got thirsty, you have Gaw away, and try to be a little more politer when next a gennelman tries to teach you wot you don't know." "Here! here, you two I shouted the landlord. "Don't you go quarrelling in my place, else I chucks yon both." " Come on," shouted the big man, " Im a waitin' to be chucked " Tne landlord's ardour wee apparently not therough-paoed, for he made no move ment, but simly exclaimed : '" Well, theu, behave yourselves. I don't want the row in my place." With this he disappeared behind the little door, which led most probably, to his kitchen. I looked round the place, and quickly espied another door at the farther and of t rs room., and, withoat farther ado, walked up to it and opened it. It led into I a loag and nearly dark passage. I had barely advanced half a dosen steps when I became aware of a peculiar acrid and medi cinal oonr, which lay heavy upon the air and gripped my lungs pungently. But be fors I had time to farther inves:lgate it, the door behind me was opened again, and the abillvoice of thelittle red-hairedminx was heard there. aEh, you there I I like your cheek. Come aht o' that I" I pretended not to hear, and fumbled on, when the little ,minx ran after me and caught hold of me by the shirt sleeves. " Where ae you go' l" she said. "You ayn't got no bianiss 'ere." ' The parchment-faced man appeared at the opposite end at that moment, and I deemed a prolonged Investigation unwise. "''Ere-you I What are you walking about there for Ont yon come I" I re-entered the room slowly, "What a fuss you're making." I said quietly. "One would think you'd got something so hide there. I was doing no harm." "Harm or no harm," snarled the shop keeper, " yon aln't got no business in there. Perhaps you'd like to buy the shop and 'ones for your fourpenoe ha'penny ' "I -don's wane your house and shop," I answered. " want my tea, and I want to \- know if I can have a bed here." ,No," was the gruff reply. '- We don't let no beds 'ere." The burly man in the opposite box sped a knowing wink to.ards me, which elicited no reply. While I was eating the food placed before me I tried to think from what caemical proeeded the odour which had reached me in the passage, " I've hit it," 1 said to myself. " It's opium-opiumI but not opium alone I poisoning him out there somewhere." The premises behind and above the coffee-abop being barred to me, farther stay for tshe moment was ueless. I left the shop, and looked right and left for possible lodg. ings. Most people in that road let rooms; and as lunk would have it, the very next house had a little bill over the door--" A bedroom to let." I knooted, and found a slatternly middle-aged Irish woman, who informed me that the bedroom was at the back of the house on the firas floor. I was shown into it, and found its a pokey little place, with only a semal iron bedstead, a washstand, a rickety chest of drawers and a chair is it. I paid the rent o-xi ? sor it, four and airxpen~i a we-.".:Y r.,Lryc.,i and was immediately instal ed. "I haven't gained munoh," I said, as I looked oun into the oourtyard. Opposite me loomed a dead, whitewashed wall some eighteen feet high, As far as I uontld see, it Iormed the back of an nout bnuilding which led from the coffee-chop to wards a shed at the back of the yard. I could see very little of the last ereotion ex. dept the roof, which was fist and of lead, and seemed to have a ramshackle skylight i~ it. What little I could discover of the .onstruction of the shed seemed to be toumble-down brick, and it had the appear anse of being, or having beee, usneed as a workshop. It might have been a wash house. "'That's the place," I slid to myself, "from which that medicinal smell came." I looked further. A great stsck of timber loomed jaust beyond the shed, thus seinring abso ute privwoy on that side. At the back there was more timber. The oonrtyard of the house in which I lived was connecte-d with the bare wall opposite me by one a little lower, some fourteen feet high, per Japs. I surveyed the field of my possible operatione. There wa, no way of gettiog into the next yard or into the shed except by ultmblng out ef my window on to the fow wall at the back, a proceeding franght with difl~ulty. Then, by going atong the top of the wall, I might oeasily swing myself onto the roof of the shed. Bit, of course, ll that was inpossitbl in daylight. I had to bide my time until darkness came to my adl I arrang-d my things, and then went out, walking round the block In which my newly found lodgings stood, for the purpose of galoluga general idea of its position and the avenues of esoeape, in case egress through the front were barred. A hogs factory blocked the way on the south, and on the e?sst other houses, fully tenanted, lined the sides of the street. On the west only exit seemed possible. The big timber yard ? afforded a ready place of refuge. It had been murky all along, and now a fine drizzle set in. I returned to my room. As it grew darker, the drizzle changed to a steady rain, which, after half an heaor or so, became a regular downpour. The water splashed on the roof of the shed opposite to me with quite a petty roar. The sky was black, and the darkness became dense. "Now's my time,' I said to myself. I took off my coat and waistcoat, and put on an old pair of trousers. Then 1 threw off my boots, soas to be able to move noise lessly. I next opened my window and looked out. Nothing but the pitchy pall of the night. No light gleamed in any of the windows close by. Whether the people in the oeffee shop were awake or not, nobody might have told. Some distance farther on too or three pale yellow blotches stood out g in the murky space; but beyond that no thing. I pushed my head out of the e window. and, firmly gripping the wooden . frame, I allowed myself to slide down out o side, kioking the air for a foothold on the low wall at the end of the yard. After an effort during which my grip nearly gave t way and my fingers became numbed, - I managed to put my foot on the place. f Then I caaght hold of the waterpipe at the end of the house, and. thus steadying myself, knelt down on the coping. tA storm broke loose at that moment. The lightning flashed and the thunder rattled. heerP eore?u nmnt e. whea the-lightning throbbed with a white heat on the heavens, lighting up the scene all round ; and I was afraid of being noticed. I crawled along on my stomach, and, after a little space, reached the top of the shed opposite. There I lay down and listened between the crashes, but heard nothing. Then I dragged myself along again, pausing and lying flat at times. The rain splashed and hissed and sputtered, and the roar of the thunder al together drowned the noise of my guarded movements. I reached the skylight and looked down. All was black as pitch below-nothing but a great inky void. I had my ear close to the glass, but not a sound reached me for a long while. At last, even in the midst of the bellowing thunders, a low moan faintly rose to my ear, and a voice oalled a name which I did not understand. I had been lying there in the furious rain for half an hour, perhaps, and my limbs had become stiff and numb, when, on a sudden, a light shone into the room below, and as I peered down with burning eyes, I could see that it came from a candle helm by the parahment-faord man. ' Wot d'ye want now!" he shouted grafily to some one below. I searched the space below by the fitful gleam. The coffee-shop keeper had ap. oroaohed a low conch-a trackle bed most likely--on which lay a man. The light fell on his features at that moment and lit them up with a curious Rembrandtesque glow, and I could see them ghastly ashen. It was Ja•per Byrne ; but Jasper Byine wan and wasted, his face like a death mast. I could see the shaking hand, which he tried to raise, and the eyes which glared uncannily as the light was reflected on them. The thunders had ceased just then, and the aplsebing rain was the only noise audible above, except now and then the low whish and wail of the wind. I lay still as a corpse, and listened with my heart Jn my ears. e"I want to go away," Byrne gasped hoarsely. "You're killing me. I know you t are. You're not giving me anything to make me well asaln. I am dying." "Robbidge I" retorted the man. " You hold your r,,w, or it'll be the wues for you. The Count a 'ere." Another figure entered the place at that moment. I recognised It immediately as Brodie, In spite of the big ulster with up- b turned collar and the slouch hat which he wore. The Maltese immediately stepped to the little bed. "You -have deceived me-l" he cried In French. " My case was not in that wallet. Tell me where you have put it, or I will - strangle you." The poor man shrank bacsk on his couach. n " Oh, no I he cried. "I told you right. I told you the truth. It was in my pocket- d book." " It was not," retorted Brodle. "You t stole it, and you have hidden it. yon villain. h You want to keep it still; but I will drag it from you. So you thought you could play your game with me I" t He rushed at the reclining fgare and shook it roughly. t "I will shabe the life out of you if you t do not tell me the trath." Byrne raised a nervously fumbling hand to guard against his cowardly aggressor, and t I could hear the creaking of the little coach under Brodie's violence. Then the moans ceased, and all was silent for a moment. [ "He's told a lie, then I" asked the coffee house keeper, " Yea," replied Brodie. "My case was a not in that wallet. The wretch stole it to c keep a hold over me, and we'll have to get , It back somehow." s A moment afterwards all was darkness I again below. " I had heard enough, and orawling rse- t fully bank, reached my room. I looked and felt more like a drowned rat I than a man, batl thought myself well re- s paid. CHAPTER 1 UNrWISTING ALL THE C?AIN . When I had thrown off my soaked cloth ing, and restored my sluggard circulation by rubbing myself with a dry towel, I de liberated with myself about the best eourse of action. Jasper Byrne was being poisoned by these wretches, there was no doubt about that. If he remained in their clutches for I anothernight and another day, there would probably be an end of him. Of course it was quite within my power to give Infcr mation to the police end then have him draggedout of this murderer's den, but as I cnmeto turn it over in my mind, Idecided I to undertake the task myself. Jasper I Byrne would prove a most usefal person I if I gained his confid'nce, my path might be clesred of many duflculties. II was not an easy task, however, As far as I could judge, he was extremly weak, t and would have to be lifted bodily to the I rof of the shed, and then carried along that t ., " ,, "-h-- . ,ougha the window of my room. An unguarded or untoward mcvement might renult in my breaking my neok. In addition to that, the talsk wonuld have to be undertaken when all was abso lutely quiet, and it was only possible if Jasper Byrne was left unguarded in his shed. The thanders had ceased to growl, but the rain swished on as furlonaly as before. I It was a regular deluge. The ?:ght was still dark as pitroh. Brefore twilight had sot in, I had noticed that my landlady had left her clothes-lines stretched from wall to wall in the oonrtyard, and I made up my mind to use these in my work. I waited until Big Ben struck two. All was Etll as do th. Not a sound anywhere. The rain had abated its fury, and was a steady, penetrating drizzle. The first thing I" had to do was to reach the ysrd. That was not difficult. I got out of my window eas before, .climbed down the water-pipe in Sthe corner, and immediately scoured some Sthing like forty yards of stout clothea-line. SThese I codled together and slung them \- acroes my ehoulder. Then I climbed back Sto the lartitrn wall In the manner I had Scome, and soon was on top of the shed op posite, I looced about me. No light anywhere. l crawled on hands and knees along the roof o: the oauthouse, which reached from Sthe shed to the coffee.shop building itself. Tnere I lay donn and listened. No sound, I no breath. I peered into the dalknues in revery direotion, but no light, no sound of life anywhere. I returned, still on my hands and knees, to the roof of the shed, and found the sky f light. I tried to lift it, but falelt. I felt Swith groping fingers for the edges of the frame. Ihs putty, thongh soaked on topby Sthe rain, was dry as dust unernenath, and Scrumbled away under my touch. I took out e my slasp-knifes, and, s quickly as I could, P removed the putty from one frame. Then l I inserted my knife to lift the sheet of glass; but, as bad loouk would have it, the glass was probably cracked, for a piece es. caped me and fell with a little crash to the floor belew. I lay quite still and listened. I could see nothing in the shed, but I could hear a movement and a little cry of surnrlee. after that, a silence as of death. Jasper Byrne was evidently alone, and nobody had heard me. Undaunted, I went en and ripped the putty from another pain of glaces. There I was more sucoessful, and the aperture was larger. I had barely succeeded when I heard a movement below and a faint cry. Again I listened. Themovement continued, but no other living presence made itself known. I lay down on the roof and called " Mr Byrne l" and a scarcely audible " Who Is it ? For God'" sake, who Is it--who calls me t'" was th- reply. "I'm a friend," I said. " Keep quiet and listen. I'm here to resecue yon." There was a slight pause, during which I thought I could hear my heart beat against my ribs. Then came the answer "Thank God I thank Gcd I" "Don't be frightened at anything I may do," I said. " Lie quiet, and give no sign." I felt with my hands along the edge of the aperture which I hadmade, and managed to reach the latch, which, on the inside, held the skylight fastened down. It was rusted into the catch, 'nd it was only,by a desperate effort that I succeeded In loosening it. After that it was easy to raise the sky light and give an opening large enough to admit three men. The next question was how to descend. I could see nothing in the pitchy darkness, but the distanco from the roof to the floor could not be more than about twelve feet. I uncoiled a portion of my clothesline and fastened about twenty yards of It to the solid iron staple which formed the catch of the skylight latch, and slid along it in a heart beoat's space. Luckily for myself, I had brought my fusee box, and when I had reached the bottom I struck a match. A swift glance arounc the place showed me a corner where my way up would be easier. On each side of the sky-light great beams ran right and left from the wall to the roof. Even if the staple gave way, I could reach the roof. I struck another match and peered into Jasper Byrne's face. I had never seen such a ghastly grey face before. The lips were 1 blue; his whole frame shook as in an ague. 1 He would have to be carried like a child. 4 He looked at me curiously for a seoond. " Why, you're the man in the next room to me at Mrs Rooney's I" he gasped hoarsely. "I am," I replied. "I discovered that you were in danger of being murdered, and I'll take you back to Mrs Rooney's to.night, but for Heaven's sake don't whisper even. I You are not strong enough to move, I suppose 2' He raised himself painfully, and then I I saw that he was dressed in his trousers and 1 a cheol cotton shirt. "Have you your boots here?" I asked, I He shook his head. "No coat ?" Again he shook his head, I " Well, we'll have to do without them,." I I said. "Now, do exactly what I tell you. You must let me arrange you in such a way that I can carry you, as I would a baby, on I my back." So saing, I lifted him up, and seated him on the bed with his back to the wall. Then I I knelt down in front of him with my back towards him, I \- "Now," I said, "fling your arms around I my neck, and try to clutch me with your lege." He made a feeble effort, and at last sue. I ceeded. In the meantime I held some ten t or twelve yards of clothes-lline between my c teeth. I threw a double cail of the rope 1 behind my back, catching him underneath the arms. This I fastened across my chest; f then by dint of much fumbling I pushed the I ends between my legs and caught his legs. These I tied as best I could. Movement was of course impeded this way, but if the a poor fellow's strength failed it might save a me and him from breaking our necks." " Now," I said, hold on to my neck with I all your strength. Your life and mine may depend upon it." I could feel his bony fingers closing with the grip of despair across my breast, and his nails digging into my flesh. As I raised myself, I found that, after all, he seemed to be no great drag. I pushed the bed against the wall where I could clutch the beam, and 1 swung myself up with it. Then I caught the rope which was hanging loosely from the staple, and although the iron creaked t and the rope strained: In imminent danger of bursting, I managed to swing myself up to the skylight and drag myself through it, with Byrne clinging desperately to my back. Once out, I unfastened the rope and coiled it around Byrne's body and mine, to give I added security. I crawled back on my hands and knees along the narrow coping of the partition wall; but the severest trial came when I attempted to reoach my own window, Here I nearly mirsed my footing, and only by a hair's broedth escaped tumbl ing headlong down into the paved yard. I never thought that I should be able to lift the dead weight on my back into the window. But at last I managed it, and Byrne and myself were in security in my room. Fortunately for both of as, the rain had ceased. I was as soaked as before, but Jasper Byrne's clothing was dry, except where it had come in contact with mine. There was no time to be lost. Therefore I dressed Byrne in my coat, and fitted him with a pair of old shoes I had brought with me. An old soft felt hat of mine completed his attire. That being done, I decided not to lose a second, but taking him in my arms, I carried him down-stars. The hall door was looked and bolted, and the noise which I had to make in unbolting it brought some body to the top landing, and a woman's voice called out shrilly "Who's that down there? What are you doing 1" "It's only I," I replied. " I've got to go to my work." "'Do yon work at three o'clock In the morning ? ' shouted the voice. "Yes, at three o'clock in the mooning," I replied; but by that time, having drawn all the bolts, I went oat and slammed the door behind me. It was a matter of indifference to me what my good landlady might care to do afterwards. All was qoluiet in the street Not a sound. I walked along Belvedere Road, carryling Jaspar Byrne. He was not very heavy, but he felt more like an inanimate object in my arms than a live man. At the corner of the Westminster Road the steady tramp of a policeman came towards me, and after pro ceeding a score of paces Isaw the constable. He flashed his bhll's-eye at me, and said "Where are yoea going to with that man 2" "It's a poorpal of mine," I replied, "that is dying, i think; and I'm going to see if I can get him in a hospital." The round disk of light was full on Jasper Byrne's face for some ten or twelve seconds. "He does look bad." said the police. man softly. " He looks as if a hospital wouldn't be able to do mnuch good for him. But they won't take him in at this time of night." "I think they will." Ireplied. "They'll take him in at the Free Hospital in Gray's Ion Rnad, if I can only find a cab." The policeman's bn :l'e-ye flashed into my face and travelled over me. "Go on then," he said; and I hope you succeed. Stop for a moment." he added; "you might give me your name." "George Grant," I rejoined, 212 Bol. vedere Road." The policeman flashed his light at me again, and jotted down the name and address in his book. On Westminster Bridge I met a crawling cab. and the offer of three shillings was sunfficient to eneaure the driver's best services. I shall not forget Mrs Rooney's face when, after ringing and knooking as if I had in tended to tear the nouse down, she opened the door. The poor woman fairly scoreamed. "Is it Mr Byrne I" she ssid "r l ist his ghost? Good heavens! he isn't dead, is hoe i" "No, he isn't dead," I said, "but he may die, unless we do something mediately to bring him round." "Poor Mr Byrne 1" blubbered Mrs Rooney, when I had carried the man up stairs and laid him on his bed. "What have they been doing to him, the villains ? And you, Mr Grant; what have yon been and done to yourself, looking for all the world as if you'd been trying to sweep the street ? And look at your clothes." "Run, Mrs Rooney I' I interrupted; " make a cup of coffee .as strong and as hot as you can, and fly for your life." She looked at me for a second In amrzod enquiry. "Run I" I went on. "This man's life may depend on what you do." I lighted a candle. Bryno lay upon his bed like a log. But for a barely perceptible breathing he might have been dead. His faee was grey, his lips nearly green, his eyes closed. That he was suffering from some narcotic poisoning was beyond question; but to my mind he was not suffering from narcotio poisoning alone. The feebleness of the pulse, the absence of perspiration,and, when I tried it. the swift effect of the light of my candle upon the pupils proved to me that there was a preponderance most likely of another venom, probably the metallic one." Mrs Rooney soon came, with a steaming cup of coffee in her hand. I administered a spoonful of it at a time, as best I could, to the patient, and though it had but -little visible effect upon him. I know, from th ' slightly stronger breathing and from the weak effort to rounse himself, that I bad done right. I did not care to bear the responsibility of this man's life or death, espeoially as I was perfectly in the dark about what had happened to him. Therefore I sent Mrs R oney for her doctor, who arrived about half an hour afterwards In hot haste, not at all overpleased at being called out of his bed at that time of the morning. He was a grumpy man, prematurely bald, with stubby, reddish-brewn whiskers. When he saw Byrne he shook his head. "The man has been taking opium," he said; "that's as plain as daylight. A filthy habit, and (he deserves all he has got." "But what are we to do, dootor7" I asked. " Do ?" he growled. "I wish I'd'known it was a case like this when I was called out of my bed just as I got a wink of sleep, after being up half Ithe night with: an ao cident case. Do? No use trying a stomach pump with him; he's soaked with it. Might try an emetic. P ut oold wet towels on his headand hest. Try andkeep him awake. If you haven't any compound camphor lini ment in the house, put a poultice of must. ard and cayenne peper on him, and as soon as it's daylight, you can send for some sal volatile and let him breathe that." "I've given him a portion of a cup of coffee," I said. "I sunppose I wasn't doing wrong." r"Not at all,"he said gruffly. "Punch him-jump on him-but keep him awake. Good-morning." "What a that nice gentleman's name 7" I asked Mr, Rooney, when the surgeon had left the room. "That's Doctor Benderley," she said, "He's not very nice as a rule, but I never knew him to be a boor like that." It struck me very forcibly that Doctor Benderley carried on his shoulders .a very grave responsibility, and that if Jasper Byrne died, serious questions might be put to the worthy doctor as to whether or nay he had given the case suffiioent attention. The treatment which he prescribed I knew to be quite correct in the cose of poslaning by opium, but I feared, and, indeed. thought I know, that opium was not the only dangerous substance with which Byrne had been drugged. Mrs Rooney and myself spent the next few hours in carrying out Doctor Benderley's Instructions, slightly varied in such a manner as ,my common sense and general eodloal knowledge warriented. It was nearly nine o'olooc before I felt a little easier. The pules had become stronger, the breathing more free, and the movements less painful and palsied. To be Continued. 