^Ij^astealasian. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1S9C. THE DANGER OF WAR. Looking across the world at the per turbod state of Europe, every colonist who is loyal to Great Britain must applaud her resolution to strengthen her naval defences. She can no longer con ceal from herself that she is disliked and distrusted by other powers, and that, if a tempting opportunity offered, a combina tion might be farmed against her. If there are dangersisolation, there would be dangers'Siid ai^Qlties at least equally great in joining ®$e^or other of the opposing %>npS^Jo wb|(jh'Europe is divided. ThusrlGreat^Britafa£toust trust to herself, leaJtfug. on'kpr ii&y; as her most powerful of" delete. But this policy, wbicn^ge -applaqd At a dis tance, cornea home id^ur&elves.; It is the business of the colonies of Aus tralasia to co-operate with Great Britain in shielding themselves from attack ,* and as the agreement between the Imperial Government and the colonies for the maintenance of the Auxiliary Squadron expires next year, the views of the Admiralty, recently expressed by the Duke of Devonshire, should command attention. Two points especially were made by the Duke. The first was, that it is the duty of a colony to provide fixed defences and the necessary troops; the second, that while the colonies may reasonably be expected to contribute towards an Auxiliary Squadron, the Admiralty claims fo have aVits disposal all the nayal forces of.,the Empire, aj»4 that naval action should not' be limited to the immediate vicinity of the color nies, ,#hen they " can be better defended by action at a distance.' The ' first point is recognised at least in theory, though not so fully as it should be in practice.. On the second point, there is more reason now than ever for the existence of an Auxiliary Squadron ontbe coasts of Australasia. And the hard and hut agreement that the cruisers are not to he removed from the station in cose of war may need revision. The aim is to protect the colonies ; but this very aim might be de feated if the squadron were prevented from intercepting or putsuingan enemy at some distance from our shores. There is a disposition ou the part of Queensland, South Aujjtralia, and Western Australia to stipulate for more frequent Visits, or, in the case of New Zealand, that there should always be two men-of-war off the coast of that colony. This i'b all very well in the piping times of peace, when the question'raised is one of compliment or j of convenience and expense, and when J even the Melbourne Cup may dctermiue I the movements of the cruisers; but in I the stern event of war all such petty, consideratious must be scattered .to the winds in subordination to the one great aim of die defence of the empire. There can be no question that at the present moment the danger of war is weighing ou the minds of statesmen who know most of the political outlook. It is this danger which has held the hand of Lord Salisbury in his demands on Turkey ; it is this which has led to the split between Lord Rosebery and the less considerate section of his party, aud we may charitably suppose that I the hesitation of the powers to inter- • I fere forcibly at Constantinople has | been largely due to the dread of precipitating a general war. The bright and cheery speech delivered by the Marquis of Dufferin at Belfast on his retirement from the post of ambassador at Paris points in the same direction. It would be impossible to name anyone more fully acquainted by personal ex perience with the foreign relations of the empire. It was not to be expected that he should lift the veil of diplomatic secrets ; and lie spoke, as he expressed it, with the ghost-like presentment of Lord Salisbury standing opposite to him with an uplifted aud warning finger. But the general impression which he conveyed is of the utmost value. Addressing him self in the first instance to the hostility displayed by other nations against Eng land—a hostility which ' presents a bewildering enigma to the ordinary Englishman—he accounted for this by " the hauntiug anxieties which embitter 44 the existence of the nations of Central 44 Europe, upon whose every frontier " hangs, black and motionless, a threaten ing cloud of war." From this point of view the nations of Europe resent what they deem the inconsiderate action of Great Britain in compelling attention to the state of Turkey at the risk of universal disaster. The mere fact that the mother country stands aloof from the Iriplc and the Dual Alliance, neglecting the interests which appear most vital to Continental nations, intensifies their abuse of her so-called selfish isolation. Ihey are irritated at England having so much ease and quiet when each of them is living on the tenter-hooks of auxiety. And yet another source of her unpopu larity is to be found in the tendency towards colonial expansion which France and Germany have affected in recent years. Vast as their acquisitions have been, these powers find themselves con fronted by a colonial expansion of the British Empire which has been prior In time, far more extensive, and infinitely more successful than their own efforts, and though their goods are freely ad mitted into British territory, they fall straightway to abuse of the English as intruders and deprodators. But the ill natured outbursts of the foreign press are not to be taken too seriously. 44 We "may console ourselves," said Lord Dufferin, 44 with the comfortable as 44 surance that Europe, however little she may like us, cannot help respecting us as a steadfast, truth-loving, humane, and indomitable people, and when our ! detractors affect to descant upon our loss of prestige, nobody knows better " than themselves that they are talking 4 arrant nonsense." Detractors of Groat Britain in Australia might, with advah tage, take a note of this remark; they do not deceive themselves, and their attempts to deceive others are 6ni* worthy of being branded as 44 arrant " nonsense." - ™ * a What, ia these circumetaneos, is the m thooptuniajtyfr-'--*^ s~j?sW; war can never attack and to diecdur^ menacing demands by - skov preparedforany emergency bu jrettt^ved when force_;0an^p5fV dispensed with in kihnan 'affair?. To - quote. Lord J-i ; - dur tionwhichha«r my ttmg oontact w of the lessons of history and the bitter ex periences of the more recent past, force, and not right, is still the dominant factor in ha man affairs—(hear, hear)—and that no nation's independence or possessions are safe for s moment unless she can guard them with her own right hand. (Cheers.) Quiet, stay-at- home people in England, who, as their fathers before them for ao many generations, have passed their untroubled lives in blissful ignorance of what invasion means, can scarcely bring themselves to believe in the actuality of the ruth leas ravages of war, in disaster and defeat raging through the land, with its accom paniments of disbanded armies, violated women, and burning and plundered towns. And yet these scenes have been enacted not so long ago within a few hundred miles of oar own borders, and have extended over the greater part oi Knrope, tor not only France, but Denmark, Italy, Turkey. Poland, Bul garia, Austria, have each in torn been desecrated by the red ruin of many a bloody battlefield. Nor have America, India, China, or Japan escaped these awful visitations. And the worst of it is that most of tbeee w&ra; have not been wars of right and wrong, clearly defined and understood, tut wars of policy, of passion, of misty interests and obscure origins, and eo completely has this been the rule that in almost every instance the exact 'casus belli' is still a matter of ambiguity and historical dispate, and in capable of consignment by the puzzled annalists to any precise formula. (Ilear, hear,)' ZL Australians, as well as Englishmen, are loth to believe in the possibility of war. But the spectacle of Europe in armour should convince us that the reign of force is not yet over, and that our preparations for defence should be something moro than playing at soldiers. If Australia still desires to be "compassed by the inviolate " sea," she must aid willingly in the naval defences which, in the case of the mother country, she cordially approves as neces sary. As long as the nations of the Continent maintain their armaments the old adage must hold good for Great Britain and her colonies—If you wish for peace prepare for war. 