INTERCOLONIAL ROWING, THE EIGHT-OAR RACE- 2 \- t ALWIN FOR VICTORIA- ' * QUEENSLAND BADLY BEATEN. (By Telegraph from our Correspondent )"" SYDNEY, May 17. Under a gray sky, and without a breath of wind to ruffle the water, the Intercolonial Eight-oar Race between Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland was rowed yesterday on the Parramatta River, in the presence of many thousands of spectators. The rain, which had fallen during the whole of the morning, fortunately cleared up just before the race, so that with an ebb tide and a perfect calm, the race was rowed under the best conditions. The home crew were the first to appear, paddling out almost to the stroke of 4 o'clock. The Queensland and Melbourne crews followed them, in the order named. The Victorian crew certainly looked the best conditioned of the lot, while it was generally remarked about the Queensland men that, though they looked brown and healthy, they were not in the same condition as the others. The crews were as follow : New South Wales (light blue). Bow, J. H. F. Evans, lost; 2, E. A. Pearson, 10st. 10lb.; 3, H. G. Williams, list 4lb.; 4, N. F. White, list 10lb.; 5, B. Sawyer, 13st. 2lb.; G, D. Cowan, 12st 2lb.; 7, A. J. Vivers, Hat. 10lb.; stroke, C. H. Helsham, 10st. 8lb.; cox., C. Quist, 8st. 4lb. Victoria (dark blue). Bow, R. E. Dawson, 10st. ; 2, F. S. Gibbes, 10st. 5lb.; 3, D. Ross, 11st. 4lb.; 4,, T. Davies, 11st. 10lb.; 5, H. Irving,' 12st'JiÍ01b'.; '6,'' C. Donald, 10st. 10lb.; 7, H. Lindgren, list. 10lb.; stroke, A. B. Sloane, 11st. 10lb.; cox., V. Jones, 7st. 4lb. Queensland (maroon). Bow, W. A. Douglas, 10st. 7lb.; 2, J. H. Williams, last.; 3, T. A. Skinner, list. 8lb.; 4, W. B. Carmichael, list. 5lb.; 6, A. Dennis, 11st. 10lb.; 0 J. Deevy, 12st; 7, R. Macalister, 12st.; stroke, A. Young, 10st. 2lb.; cox., W. Armstrong. At the start the ears of the three crews struck the water well. Sloane set the Victorians' stroke forty-two to the minute, Young the Queenslander' at forty-one, and Helsham the New South Wales crew at forty- seven to the minute. The power put by the Victorians into the first dozen strokes carried them well in front of their rivals, and before 200 yards had been traversed they had a clear lead of half-a-length. New South Wales stuck to them, but the Queenslanders dragged behind, as they lacked power and even- ness in their work. Helsham, the New South Wales stroke, certainly committed a manifest error in pulling so slow a stroke, so he livened up, but the way upon the Victorians' boat gained them a clear length ahead of the others Uhr's Point was passed in 6min. 42sec, with the Victorians holding a length's lead from New South Wales Queensland being three-quarters of a length behind the local men. Young, the Queensland stroke, then sought to liven his men up, but the pace was a clinker, and do what he could he could not hold on to the leaders. New South Wales, at Walker's Hospital, crept up to Victoria by quickening their stroke, but the dark blues responded, and swung along, preserving beautiful time, and at Walker's Hospital the Queensland boat was back another half a-length, their stroke being somewhat erratic. At Blaxland's Point the Victorian boat was being stroked at twenty to the half-minute, and New South Wales and Queensland nineteen. By encouraging his men, Young got a little better work out of them, and drew up for a few strokes, but he had to place a big spurt by the New South Wales crew, who were doing their utmost to make up the lost ground with Victoria, Blax- lands Point was passed In 4min. 55sec,, and-here the Queenslanders were fully two lengths behind, and taking away very fast. It took 7min. 47sec. to reach Putney, where the Victorians had steered well into midstream ; New South Wales clinging to the southern bank. The Queensland crew here began to show their lack of condition, for though they pulled well together, they were away seven lengths in the rear, without a ghost of a chance to pick up their place, for all the power had gone out of their stroke. A ding-dong fight between the leaders was kept up, the stamina shown by the New South Wales crew surprising everyone. The Victorians, however, were rowing with delightful precision, and reached Gladesville in 12min. 36sec., a length ahead of the local crew. From this point out the race so far as Queensland was concerned was" over, as they were so far in the rear that the umpire's steamer Thetis was compelled to go ahead of them, and they were given the wash of that steamer. They pulled on to Abbotsford, where they gave up, apparently disgusted, and waited there to see the result. The Victorian boat still kept its lead past One Man's Wharf, which was reached in 15min. 24sec. Then came loud cries from the onlookers to the New South Wales men to make their big spurt. They gallantly responded, and shortened the lead of the Victorians by half-a-length, but when the winning post was reached they were just a length behind, the race being finished in 17min. 17sec. Though the Victorians won all the way, the race was by no means hollow. The Victorians gained a big advantage at the start owing to their quickness in getting away, and, at the first point (Uhr's) they had a lead of a length and a-half. The New South Wales crew, however, stuck to them, and were only defeated by a length. The Victorians at the finish seemed to be the most distressed, and the time shows the pace that was set. Victoria has now a record of fourteen wins, New South Wales four, and Queensland one, the race won by Victoria last year being in dispute, as their crew was not eligible under the amateur rules. The time of the race, considering that there was no wind or tide to help, was exceptionally good. A contributor writes The Inter colonial Eight-oar Race, the twentieth of the series since its Institution, was rowed on Saturday afternoon on the Parramatta, and added another to the long list of wins obtained by Victoria In this" contest. The New South Wales crew, of whom great things were expected by the Sydneyites, tasted again the bitterness of defeat, though only after a most ' determined and worthy struggle. The indisposition of one or more of their men during training may have militated a little against their chances. But a rowing community should be prepared for such mishaps. What Emerson says of men generally should certainly be made applicable to a crew, " Every man is wanted, but no one wanted much." But what of our own men ? As the Romans greeted Yarra after Cannae, we must thank that during some part of the contest at any rate they did not despair of our chances in the aquatic fray, and then we must ask them to commune with us a little upon the why and wherefore of our successive years of misfortune. We are told, of course, by some that we are a smaller colony, fewer men to pick from, and such numerical consolation ; but this is not satisfying. Small nations have often beaten bigger ones at war that most exuberant of physical pas- times ; small sporting communities in every department of sport have beaten huge rivals. We suspect there is something rotten in our aquatic Denmark. If wiser counsels prevail in the future, and we do not achieve success, we may at least deserve it. It was only the other day there came within our ought nuisance a conversation in which loquitur an experienced b0atlng-m9.nl 1 It had been suggested to him as a likely remedy for our defeats that a longer practice might be advisable. "Do not T they say that every time," was his reply ; " but it is never carried out. All the talk about rubbing that is indulged in is mere talk ; there is very little rubbing." We think the indignant rowing-man was right. Their good intentions are not sufficiently expressed by those in authority, and certainly not carried out with that detail with which 'alone 'success is" achieved. To anyone who has had a little coaching in rowing, it is a painful thing indeed to contemplate a crew going to more or less certain defeat or to a victory not meritorious. It is a pity to think of eight men of strapping physique toUirg vainly before a multitude of critical strangers. We remember such a sad scene on our own waters four years ago. And what is the remedy ? As simple as A B C. There is no way to success worthy of the name other than common drudgery. "We have known nothing achieved in sport otherwise. The poor woman who keeps her cottage clean and tidy for her family in any of the purlieus of this city by dint of hard manual swerv- ing, dusting, and scrubbing, while her neighbour lives from hand-to-mouth in dust and untidiness, exerts 'list divine virtue of industry which Madame de Stael has called the " Charter of existence, and which we venture to pre- scribe as the speedy specific for securing Queensland an assured place in the rowing supremacy of this continent. " Is there time enough ?" was Charles HILL'S first query when planning a campaign. Let our boating-men ask it at themselves when thinking of their next endeavours to retrieve the disaster of Saturday. "We make bold to say they have very little time to lose between now and the next Intercolonial Eight oar Race. And we further say that the interval should be employed by them with the greater self-denial and determination in that each year the public has financial demands made upon it for, these rowing enterprises. And of this we feel satisfied, that if a chosen few learn to" grow more effectively than they do at present, they will learn to coach others more effectively, and there Will be such a happy reform that our journals will for a dead shence relate glorious things of our rowers. 