AMUSEMENTS. Cremoene Gaedeks. — The last presentation of Tuesdav night's programme at Cremorne Gardens on Dec. 3rd, was witnessed by a large and enthusiastic audience, and, all the soloists met with a cordial reception. Miss Begiua Nagel was beard to advantage in ' The Gift,' and the duet ' Sailor Sighs ' with Mr. Neilson was one of the best numbers on the bill. It was unanimously encored. Miss Marguerite Johnson's best song -was Gounod's ' Serenade,' which was listened to with genuine pleasure by everybody present. Hie work of the orchestra, under Here Franeik's direction, was keenly appreciated. This evening there will be an entire change of programme, and all the artists will appear in new numbers. Miss Nagel will sing ' Darby and Joan' and the ' Promise of Life,' and Miss Johnson will give ' A May Morning' and 'The Wood Nymph's Call.' Mr. Neilson is down for ' The Romany Lass,' and the orchestra will give several new selections. Two new appearances will be made, namely, M. Ceschina in a solo on the double bass, and Mr. Hosea Easton, who will con tribute selections on the banjo, with orchestral accompaniment. The 'Olde Englishe Fayke.' — The attendance at this place of amusement on Dec. 3 was again large, all the seating accommoda tion being occupied. The perfor mance was received in the usual uproarious manner, and encores were numerous. The Anderson Sisters, Miss Madge Stachpde, Miss Priscilla Verne, Miss Elvira Lee, and Messrs. Stowe and Mooney are extremely popular, and con tribute materially to the success of the show. The special features are the cinematographe, which is nightly exhibited with marked success, Ouda in his wonderful performance on the trapeze and his aerial fights, and Professor Shaw, whose clever imitations of birds and animals are much enjoyed. A word is due to tbe orchestra, which, under the direc tion of Mr. Jas. Stewart, does useful work throughout; and to Mr. G. R. Lawrence, parf pro prietor and ground manager, whose arrangements for the conduct of the entertainment as a whole are of a very complete character. . Pbofessok Davis's Fantas tio,ues. — Last Friday at the Perth Town-hall, Professor Davis, to gether with Madame Stella Davis and Miss Isabella Stuart, opened for a short season of two nights, under the management of Mr. Frank Stuart. On December 3, Professor Davis gave a private per formance, in order to show his principal illusion in the production of modern ghosts. This was a remarkably clever feat, and really must be seen to be fully appreciated. A committee of four, with the Rev. Father Rvan at its head, was appointed from among those present, and the professor was securely bound, and tied in a long black bag, tightly drawn round his neck by means of a ruqning tape. The tape and the knots were then sealed, and the ends passed through the cabinet and securely held by one of the committee on the outside. Tbe lights were no sooner turned down when the manifestations com menced; bells were rung, tam bourines played, and one by one three ghostly figures made their appearance. The first was Cissy, a child ; the second Geordie, who had the full stature of a man, and the third Josephine. The two former spoke, and in ghostly tones addressed those present, wlule Geordie even condescended to shake hands with these present. At the close of tbe illusion, the professor walked out of the cabinet without his bonds, and then re turned thereto. Immediately after wards the light was turned on, and the professor was seated as securely bound as he was at first, with tbe knots and seals intact. Tbe exhibi tion was loudly cheered, and the performer warmly congratulated on its success. In addition to this manifestation this evening, Madame Stella Davis will give an exhibition of thought-reading, and Professor Davis will appear in other interest ing illusions. BtnMJiABs nr the Teb.ka.ce. — During Wednesday night the Waterworks office, St. George's Terra/*, was broken into. The burglars met with but little success, however, for after they had thoroughly ransacked the place they obtained only a few shillings' worth of stamps. Attempted Suicide. — The police at Albany do not intend to take action against Mrs. Spencer, who attempted to commit suicide at Middleton Beach last Friday, but who was rescued by Mr. J. A. Menzies. She is subject to fits of mental depression, but is carefully attended by her daughter, and is I under medical treatment. 