F R O M TO DAWN, BLOCK ROMANCE. -TER XXVI.—(Continued.) gf GOODWIN BAKER. 'sea maze of misery — the seemed to close In all their S3 Xellie-S heart, still linger- "wie ffiat he stilt lived—hope, ]E lvav, tie clouds might lift. ^ n possible, she put the -whole Sent of her thoughts, and tried a the busy present. It was j- her, that it was so busy, (juorelty, and a deep and stirrmd arrived at the hospital late j,,, and had gone on duty at -ft following morning, gsilent corridor, she had stepped 5 a scene o£ bustle, for in the are moments of bustle, brisk- .. sh energy, jnately for the patient, these j most' inevitably must always [ early morning hours. \- due; the bcis be made, the hot , Tcrands dressed, poultices .laii'EWJ)t, and order (which = the night has somewhat lapsed), r restored. Xelie, the practice of rousing patrhD had been restless all night sound sleep of exhaustion, f . little stert of barbarous. But b sair that, apparently, this d practice iras one which, in the t cf things, must endure ; and t -in tfap hands of tender and tact Ł couldn't it be done at intervals i Nellie. tlJ mree laughed outright e remindme of them folks as is to the newspapers ttinfs they don't understand, to w best to manage,' ear, when you've been onth, you'll see that t done afore nine in the ver done at all." fir no;?" argued Nellie. LTD tell you for why," went on "you'll agree as it wouldn't be for a doctor to have the floors 'ffrabhed. while he's listening, » the lungs of a pneumonia' t the stethoscope to a heart nsaii-lost half its undesirability. t ;his dtraed upon her, however, 1 her objection to the bly. ta the head nurse e Grimstone. ' said that ofBcial, in fl you have the clean- i. of course not," interrupted "rtfffl the doctors come into then all cleaning should cease ' it. But when they leav ten's that ?" asked Nurse ttiti an accent worthy of her ill honoraries dropping In all Ufi when they don't come, there's ®tors. gracious me, you •sant ns to live in a muddle from to night, never knowing when s are clean and finished with." ^ sighed the depressed proba- " 1 see the actual cleaning and nust ' he done early. But the Of the patients out of bed to i asie,, oh. so att^a. Ions teTore teems to me simply barbar .lookee here," Nurse cleared her "you've touched upon what 1 ., -ratted me a lot, though they do t sot as hard as nails, being so Jirs in the wards. But what ttd is this—the best sleep many St is after their beds are made s Jdied up. it seems to re- >: and they turn over and Sb ail the bustle and noise as ra t been able to in the quiet of :=ay occasionally," agreed Nel- Icant help it-it went to my set that poor old woman s out of her warm bed at to seven this miserable, wet -ie begged so hard to be left Fna p p isil 'y. "and if . do..tati, in the middle . iL th^JT' ftra™ " eVer beffsed 8 pIenty of ^ant as <W WI- " 01 a <3viee. when I Wl;, . r£e '' EayE ^ (them's t eres thing as ^ ^ "und a ^ U , ^ 1 1 ™ what dirt r ' ana I ve never forgot F^ftai not convinced." ^ up on to l^ ff han,,.. careful quicK in t P ^ M L f" o ucbe<Ł ' If a d fwitJW th r °P of coffee alf- ^ as Z™' drink of hot or a E^Łfc, * ' you hear Dr. ft?** In "Htai yT- N ? of d o i n e« big places, like be special or e lse half some S « H * 1 1 4 fShe Practical so- P" "ere i offers itself.) ter be," assented ^ entered, and bottle dtXint eUie ^ that "^"BS were ready to this. I a J'oun™ exrors. ^ C u ^ t ^ M M e man, R much ^ forgiven" A a ^ r 6 to the life. [ J" ber pretfv ^t-faced wo- Bh» , - and when he such suffeitogi "Wby should I be happy?" she thought now; "why should I expect to be so ? The majority of these patients which fill the 'Alfred'-to Judge from the thirty. In my -wara, have hardly ever known two days* consecutive happiness and all their lives-they have -wanted and struggled, struggled and wsrntedand will to the end.". The charwomen—rough maids of all work—overworked, underpaid factory girls—wom-out mothers—Ill-used -wives —and, worse still, waifs and strays of civilisation—these. were her patients and Into their sordid, unlovely lives she came like a ray of golden sunlight She never knew It—perhaps In the life hereafter she may—hut many a fevertossed creature, opening wild, delirious eyes, and seeing then her pale, pure face bending over the little iron bedstead, paused In their raving, as at the vision of an an eel, and, in that pause, the throbbing fever lost some of its heat, the wild brain some of its madness. "That patient in No. 7 is unmanageable. She won't Keep still." Send Nurse Nellie. And Nellie's gentle—"There, there— now be quiet, dear; let me give you this nice cool drink—It will make you better," seldom lost its effect. Then, too, she could coax the most obstinate convalescent case to obedience to the rules—could rouse and cheer the most despondent invalid—could infuse hope and coilrasre where a. difficult and doubtful operation bid to* be performed, and twas, generally speaking-, "a ministering angel." Exactly a week after Nellie's entry, into the hospital, Beatrice Hamilton left Melbourne. It was still tittle more than a year rom the date of their landing in Sydney; so quickly had one great event trodden on the heels of the other, that both he girls felt as if they "had passed hrough centuries of experience. Beatrice's beauty (never of a simple ' or youthful type) was rapidly assuming a severe maturity. No one would have Imagined that she was still much under thirty; and, even at the first cursory glance, the impression carried away by a stranger was that of a woman who had had trouble and borne It in a fierce, defiant mood, being utterly devoid of hope! Hard, brilliant beauty, hers; presenting a wonderful contrast to the gentle loveliness of Nellie, to which grief only lent a greater refinement and spirituality. She had not seen Bernard Emerson since she had told him who the missing man really was. He had hurried forth from Menzies, a stricken man, and with one accord they had agreed that, until the present mystery was cleared up, they had better never meet. She had then set to work to procure an engagement for herself. The Macfarlands did not press for her return. In point of fact, though they valued her as being a clever teacher and a good discip linarian, the homely couple felt rather oppressed by her'somewhat magnificent presence, and much preferred the ordinary type of "jolly girl" bush governess. The first engagement which came to hand Beatrice accepted. It was to teach the two children of a farmer in the Goulbura Valley district. She -was to proceed thither at once, and,' after one farewell visit -to Nellie she did so. In the long corridor, which ran from No. 7 to No. S. the two bade each other good- bye. - - In the centre of this corridor branched out the broad stone stairway leading to the -maln'ba31.—"——- — — On the landing, half-way down this staircase, Beatrice paused and looked back. - i At the head of the steps stood Nellie. The sunlight from the broad windows streamed full upon ber. With her gleaming golden hair and angel-like purity of expression, she looked the very embodiment of a beautiful poem. Butjthe dark and stormy beauty of the woman who gazed at her was in shadow, and shadow, somehow, seemed its natural environment. CHAPTER XXVII. "She only knew the birth and death Of days when each that died, Was still at morn a hope, at night A hope unsatisfied. The dark trees shivered to behold Another day begin. She, being hopeless, did not weep As the grey dawn came in." —Symons. Not for nearly a year after Beatrice went up to the Goulburn Valley was the railway thither opened, so her journey was by.train to Seymour.— thence by coach to Shepparton. As she drove through the rather monotonous scenery (the chief beauty of which was that of the lofty and splendid red-gums, which reared their kingly heads among the lighter timber of box and scrub), the question presented itself to her, as it has to many others before and since, why should the district be called the Goulbura Valley : why not, rather, the Goulburn Plains? This question became insistent, as the only considerable rising ground—the Tallarook: Ranges—faded from sight. At Shepparton—then a very small township—she -was met by the farmer and his -wife, and was driven by them — first through the dusty town^-and then past Mooroopna, through very level and pro eaic country, -well-cleared of timber (which had been of a slight and scanty nature), and thoroughly under cultivation. The rich chocolate .surface eoil, with its clay bottom, suited wheat, Mr Liawson told Beatrice, and wheat; consequently. -was then the etapie product of the district, '"vine-growing being hardly in Its earliest-infancy at that date. Mr LawBon was himself a r whealgrower. 1 though. In • former times.. his station had been part of a station carrying sheep. He talked-volubly of bis crops as- tbey drove along-^-of bis bar, vesting (which was now over). and the couple of acres-he bad planted out with young and'promising -vines. Wearily she submitted to the fate she sawlooming large before her—that of .patient listening to eternal conversation about weather and crops. As "well about that as &bout; «nything else, Ehe told herself . and roused np to a; simulated interest ;to - the *.enthrnHlngj subject of about that Umąwas a veritable lscourge Sn the VHstrlcl •When "was reached lt proved to be a "very" pretty ŁomesteadL .- tThe house was rambling and jnore 'pic turesque than BUbstantlRl.-. Away 4xom it on one filde Bloped-a beautiful fniU gajaen.withtreUlBea.and -sine-covered, walks. -CnaetjBhadyag-trees -weregar, den seats -and jsheTiaabut to Etretch out her hand putmfrfcenbedroom -winflow^to gather the naosfjospious peaches trorn^' tree, whose jpyer- yylghtPd bpnghB ,h|ing, within r ^ | AU around tte |30UBq .ivere ^entle^ilses, s thiddy tlml«ire4, tęgich «aVE a slight variety to the^ertile, 4»itqnUher tonous scenCTy ąflSSje p curved ,giltteringly;4n along- the—— giant like ^ ^^-y^tood boldlymarked against the horizon. After the cooler climate of the Kosciusko country, the extreme, dry heat seemed to Beatrice Intense, butUk6 most new chums-she bore it wea Tet, as day after day passed, she grew thlnner, and ber^usky cheeks became more pale. After all. she decided, NeHie was wise to choose a busy life. She is compelled to take an Interest in all around her; whereas, there is nothing here to take me out ol my wretched self. If only I had been up here in the old freebooting times, of . which these people tell me, I might have found it easier to endure the shut-up life. How incredible it seem."; when one bears the tales of.Captain Melville and "Black Douglas." that this peaceful, agricultural district -was ever the scene of. maraudery ~ and violence. I think it must be a"cast-back" to some more turbulent and lawless agefor certainly this peaceful environment chafes me. And I feel as if the dark days of lawless deeds would have been far more congenial! Helgho! These reflections occurred after an outing the Lawsons had treated.her to, in the shape of a drive to a. secluded spot on the banks of the Goulburn. between Mooroopna and Tatura. Here were to be seen a few old posts, remnants of a station-homestead, hut this poor attempt of the new country at imitation of England's show-glory—"ruins," was not the attraction at j£niss' Bend. Rather was it the fact that here the once notorious rreebooter, Captain Melville, had bad a receptacle tor stolen horses. . These, in b the palmy-days ot Bendlgo, . .'had been driven' cbarfewaras -iaaad-forwards between that place and the Ovens Hush, and sold in whichever market seemed the least risk}', and promised the greater profit. Not only by the "Captain" had this secluded spot been used for the purpose of hiding stolen property, but also by "Black lOouglas," and many and blood-curdling were the stories repeated to Beatrice by the Lawsons of the lawless robber bands, which had kept the country-side In terror. "Ah, things are much better now," the o d d d h e r farmer would add, "the people who talk so much of these Kellys should have lived then up here." • The placid life, broken only by flood or Are. and not often by that or, so far, to any serious extent, was ail the quiet, plodding farmer's heart could wish; but to Beatrice, the mode of their life seemed vegetating, not living. The days were weary enough—the hot sunny, monotonous days—but the nights were worse. Ever since the river accident she had been more or less a victim to insomnia; and now its hold on her increased. When, utterly exhausted by hours of feverish tossing, she fell asleep, it was to see Bernard's face, haggard, drawn, as it was when she bade him farewell. . . . or Frank Harcourt's face, now shining out of the deepening darkness, white, remorseful, wretched,'as It was just before th&t; awful railway accident or, looming ghost-like out of the grey London fog, or staring down at her with hate, as when she saw it last Nellie's phantom came but seldom, and, always as a blessing, not as a re proach. And so, ill, wretched, nervous, overstrung , she lived through the hot January and February, and just as March set in, . came "the excitement which she had longed for as a possible cure. The last day of February was of such a character that she could no longer complain of the uneventfulness of life. Towards the middle of it (It was very hot day),. there came, suddenly borne on the wind, a scorching smell. The children, in the midst of their lessons, stopped and looked at each other.' ••' "' 1 "Bush fire!" said Flo, learnedly. "Not much of one," said Lizzie, "with equallysapient_-air." " ; "We'll ©'aniLaskf your"mother about it" said Beatrice. Ever moment the smell was becoming stronger. They ran across the courtyard, which separated the schoolroom from the rest of the wooden bouse. Mrs Lawson, heated and anxious, stood in the kitchen, in consultation with the maid-servant The air all round was thick with smoke; and the sky was a dull and coppery red. "The worst of It is," said Mrs Bawson, addressing Beatrice, "that John and the men are over at Kirk's—the fire straight between their place and ours; >60 he simply can't get back here to help us. My word,what a state of mind he'll be in! 'Are we in any danger?" asked Beatrice. "Plenty" was the laconic answer. As she spoke, Mrs Lawson divested herself of her dress, put on a thick under-skirt, and tied a woollen hood round her head. "No time to lose," she hurriedly explained, " we are safe for the present AnpSyHa.milton; but the ricks will go, as sure as fate, and if the farm buildings and the house go too, as I bet they will, Lawson's a. ruined man He^s suffered enough from flood—fire will about finish him off." "What can I -do to help ? "Go into the bouse and make oatmeal water—the children will show you how. The men from Ford's will be over as soon as they see whafs up; and they will help beat off; but they'll want drinks, for the work's no joke, I can tell you. Now, Mary Aim, come on," and armed with boughs, the stout servant and the farmer's wife set out **They mean to beat off on the north sidej" said Flo, "that is the very side the fire is coming from, and the only place where the grass hasn't been burnt off. '"Father and Pat meant to burn off to-morrow." chimed in Lizzie. "Ah, there are Ford's men at the paddock gate," called Flo.' exultantly. "We're all right now. for they'll help beat off: And so. through the ., .bot. morning hours they - did, „ but it roil], so far as the farm-birtld- Ings. the Ticks, the. expensiveAgricultural Implements -were. concerned: and, by three o'clock, -the: .bouse itself was threatened. Long before this time Beatrice was in active service. = The children and she filled buckets. -dippers; billies,-every vessel procurable with water .from the tanks. The -servant,. mounted -on • a ladder, banded -them to Mrs 'LawBon,-who. perched on the roof, poured water all . around. The Sames Jhad not - yet reached. the" dwelling, but the smoke -was ^ blinding and choking, end sparks flewalliBroiind. Suddenly Mrs Lawson-flagged. T can t do any more,- jEhe said, faint- n ly. "go and call the men. It's .no .use trying to save the stock- bow: they must come and help here. t Beatrice .flew to the blazing out- build P ings to ber horror when she reached 7 4hem,she found that-one'inanlay sense-" lesson thejground,whiIe ibejotherjshowed such .signs of deep exhaustion, that.lt j iwas evident he would lie of little further a aid. .JYIth Beatrices Łelp Jthę fainting p man was draergedstp to the bouse. S Both of them vrere'raiher xecenUy ar < d rived JrJsh laborej-s and their /one year t of Australian .life bad Snot elvpn 4hem T jgr&t; Insight Into bush iire pnaaage e Aparti&om; gthaL .their ^p^Srently powerful trames had j^iot A*he »'iry jgor \- ^IMnflne^n&lpyn;^egTOdt .S hy e j p liiiiiif several places/- and the tanks were empty. •--->-.•-• "The wind will favor us; we'll make for the river," decided Mrs Lawson. "Fw.i-y, ye'll never win' there," said Patrick O'Shea, "despondently. . "If.all be as far as the water- hole we'll get" put In Mick Shane. "Come, little ones,- that's bare a quarter mile." He snatched up Flo; Mick seized Lizzie, and with a last look of misery and farewell at her burning home—the grave of . much wasted labor and fruitless hope and energy—poor Mrs Lawson followed them, Beatrice and the servant bringing up the rear. The men tore fast through the blinding smoke; soon they were lost sight of, but all knew the way to the water-hole. On, on they hurried, their heads and shoulders -wrapper in hastily-torn łi^if blankets, to protect them from the showering sparks. Sir Lawson was not a very well-to-do farmer, and his land was not as well cleared'as most in the neighborhood, therefore, most of their road lay through wooded stretches. The wind, at the back of them, tore now with Increased and frightful velocity, and the flames leapt from tree-top to tree-top (often for distances such as 150 yards), In lurid, wreathing magnificence. The burning grass tangled their feet and itbey often stumbled and half felL Half-way to the water-hole they caught up to the men. Plethoric Mick had again fallen fainting to the ground, and Flo, a picture of wild and .helpless terror, stood beside him. Their calls rought bade Patrick, who,, incon tinently handed Lizzie to Mary Anne. •Tees better hould on to'her," he said, ".and I'll lug Mick along till he comes to." So Beatrice and Mary Anne each took ne child, while Mrs Lawson and Patrick ragged Mick along! The flames leaded and caught at the angling little legs of the carried chilren; caught too, at the hands that n eld them, but, at last oh God be prais f d !—at last the water-hole was eached! The cool water spread before them: f but alas, It was fringed with tall and burning timber. As far as they dared, for the hole had treacherous depths, varying from one to six feet they waded In, scooping up soft mud to cover and cool their burnt feet and scorched arms. "God Be praised !" again cried Mrs Lawson, and pressed her little ones to her heart What booted the loss of property? Had she not her darlings safe?If only, also, their father were alive—unhurt . . . " And. . . . as -the words of praise and prayer fell from her scorched lips, there came a crash, sudden, appalling, deafening. A fallen tree—oh God!—a fallen, burning tree, crashing with Titanic splendour and glory of demoniac flame Into the very centre of that fought-for refuge. And, where the mother had clasped her children, and thanked Gód for the gift of their precious lives, lay only a smouldering, giant red gum trunk and pressed beneath Into the waterhole. three crushed bodies no longer suffering no longer In -pain or fear. (To be continued.) 