A Treasurer who is able to show an actual, not a paper, surplus is for tunate. It may not altogether disarm criticism, but it at least takes much of the sting out of it. For facing the critics there is a substantial fact of benefit to the colony, and that cannot be explained away. Mr Reid, Premier and Treasurer of New South Wales is in this happy position. He is able to point to an actual surplus of ,£333,000 on the year’s transactions, notwith standing that six months out of the twelve were under a tariff that had swept away extensive “ protectionist” duties. Mr Reid estimated £9,219,000 as the year's income, whereas the actual receipts totalled nearly £9,261,090; his estimate of expendi ture was £9,269,000, but the outlay fell short of that sum by £350,000. Nor has the Treasurer benefited by the reductions in the cost of the public service effected by the Public Service Board; the advantage from these will be reaped next year, and is expected to total about £250,000. But even then Mr Reid’s felicitous tale is not all told. In his estimate for 1895 6 he had anticipated receiving £251,000 from the land and income taxes, whereas his actual receipts from these sources only totalled a little more than £27,000, leaving over £226,000 to be derived from these taxes during the current year. Even the poor satisfaction of arguing that the seasons were in his favor is denied Mr Reid’s critics, for the drought that so severely injured - Victoria killed 13,000,000 sheep and lambs in New South Wales and lessened the wheat crop by 2,000,000 bushels. To this cause may be ascribed a short age .of £lB,OOO in the railways, which have of late, under the able management of Mr Eddy and his colleagues, been showing a profit annually. The current- financial year, however, will be the one in which the full force of the reversal of the colony’s fiscal policy will be felt. It is esti mated that the loss of revenue under the duties that were abolished at the commencement of the year will be £559,000, and on those that- dis appeared on the Ist of this month £200,000, but against this loss the Treasurer sets £508,000 from the land and income taxes, so that the country \- will be relieved of taxation to the ex tent of a quarter of a million. Not withstanding the sources of revenue he has wiped out, Mr Reid fortells an income > of £9,274,000 for the current 12 months, or £22,000 more than he received last year. And it would seem that in this respect he is not reckoning with out his host. In all directions there are signs of returning prosperity, and this in face of the evil forebodings of the high . tariff party. If there was one thing these prophets were more certain of than another, it was that free trade would render wheat growing unprofitable. But the farmers do not seem to see it that way. Statistics show that 200,000 acres in excess of last year’s area will be under crop, 156,000 acres (an increase of 20 per cent, on the figures for 1595-6) being under wheat. Other in dustries, too, were marked for ruin under free trade by those who preach prohibitive duties as the anchor of salvation for a country. Mort’s Dock was one of the concerns that was to go under; yet Mr Reid was able to show that whereas from January to June (inclusive) in 1894 the com pany employed 624 men and paid £29,366 in wages, for the same months this year 866 men earned £44,900. There was thus an in crease of nearly 39 per cent, in the number of employes, white the average wages advanced from £47 0s Bfd to £5l 16s per head for the half year. Hudson Bros, was another firm selected for speedy collapse under free trade, bat the manager assured the Treasurer that they had a better look-out than for years past. Altogether Mr Reid was able to assure Parliament that everywhere there were sighs Qf returning prosperity, and he was thus justified in anticipating a better revenue this year than last. One point in the Treasurer’s speech will probably be enquired into by the Victorian Government, and if it prove to be true it may have an important effect upon this' colony’s fiscal policy. Mr Reid stated that to test the prices under heavy protection and under free trade, he had taken out 121 lines, identical in quality, from the list of stores obtained by tender in the two colonies. Calculating so much re quired per line, he found that a quantity that could be obtained for £10,4:00 in Sydney would cost £21,069 in Victoria. It is, perhaps, somewhat early to base upon the budget state ment a too sanguine estimate of the results of free trade, for it is as yet too soon for the full effects to have made themselves apparent. Mr Reid, how ever, is fully justified in using the figures at his disposal as a triumphant refutation of the evil prognostications of the high tariff party. The extent to which machinery is now being employed in the various trades raises anew the question, “ What shall we do with our boys ?” And though the reply, “Marry them to our girls,” may raise a laugh, it goes no way towards solving the problem. A deputation. recently . waited upon the New South Wales Minister of Education and Labor with reference to this matter, as it affected, the trade in=- Sydney. They pointed out that in some cases manufacturers were receiving lads bb apprentices at a very low rate of payment, and at the end of a few years turning them out with only th 9 knowledge of how to work,- per haps, one or two machines. In this way the trade was being flooded with men without a full grasp of their trade, and wages were cut down. The Minister sympathised with the deputa tion, and promised that if clauses could be safely introduced into the Factories and Workshops Bill the Government were about to lay before Parliament he - would accept them, but it seemed as though the question was one that could be better dealt with by amending the Apprentices Act. But the complaint raised by the depu tation applies to nearly all trades, and thus vitally affects the rising gene ration. “What are we to do with our boys?” Already the learned professions are over-stocked, and the chances of success in that line are not great save to those possessed of excep tional talents. And as the skilled branches of labor are showing a similar result, the question becomes a very serious one. • Mother earth, it is true, is prolific, hut at present prices for farm produce the outlook in that direction is not hopeful. Probably in time our agricultural colleges may tell a promising tale through fitting their students by a course of scientific as well as practical study to enter the markets of the world to advantage. For the present, however, it must be confessed the question is a very puzzling one. Both Houses of Parliament will meet to-day. In the Council the Solicitor-General will move the second reading: of the Factories and Shops BitL Sir Frederick Sargood proposes to move a number of amendments. Considering the rapid progress made with the Companies Bill in the Legislative Assembly last week, the remaining clauses a-e likely to be disposed of at to-day’s sitting. In the event of the mea sure getting through the committee stage at an early hour, the House will resume the second reading of the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill, and on Thursday the Tama Floods Prevention Bill will be submitted by the Minister of Public Works. The sitting cn Wednesday is to he devoted exclusively to pri vate members, and the various motions on the notice piper will be dealt with in their order. The most important of these is Mr Graham’s proposal that the office of Agent-General should be abolished. Crs Shoppee and Whykes were the prin cipals in a ludicrous scene at yesterday’s meeting of the City Council. The energetic central ward member was speaking in support of his motion, recommending the council of 1897 to reduce the municipal rate, when Cr Whykes interrupted with the remark, “ Why don’t yon make the tote a shilling?” Turning on the interjector, Cr Shoppee severely told him that “some councillors left their manners outside, and when they came amongst gentle men forgot themselves.” Cr Whyke3 pressed for a withdrawal of these words, which, be said, were offensive to him,- but althongh the mayor and Cr Morey tried hard to influence CrShoppee in this direction, the latter merely made matters worse by saying that it was a good job if the words were offensive, and that he would not withdraw if Cr Whykes atood np for a week. The south ward member, he said, had interrupted him, and he wished to teach him a lesson. Cr Elliott urged that the two councillors should adjourn to “ have it out at Perryman’s,” but after much time had been wasted both councillors agreed to withdraw any cause for offence. The motion recom mending the council of 1897 to reduce the rate from 2s to Is 8d was then carried on the casting vote of the mayor, Crs Morey, Eetal lack, Shoppee, and the mayor voting in favor of it. and Crs Bell, Elliott, Heinz, and Whyke3 against it. A most satisfactory entry has beetfmade for the race meeting of the Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club, which takes place on Friday, 24th inst. Altogether 80 horses have been nominated for the six events, including a number of well known performers. The committee and stewards are making every effort to ensure the suecass of the meeting, and several improve ments on the conrse and grounds are being carried out. The weights, which will be ad justed by Mr G. Towles, will be declared on Saturday next. City councillors yesterday very severely condemned the proposal to all every ratepayer to keep a dog free of tax. Cr Elliott won dered how any sane man could make such a proposal, and expressed an opinion that its advocates were those who would “keep the ugliest mongrol obtainable and allow their neighbor to feed it.” Cr Shoppee said he was surprised to see that Mr Kirton had voted for the measure; but Cr Heinz explained that Mr Kirton, while promising Dr Carty Salmon to vote for the measure, reserved to himself the right to' vote as he pleased in committee. According to Cr Shoppee’s estimate, if the measure were passed there would be 6000 un- registered curs in the city, not to mention registered dogs. He moved that Mr Kirton be requested to vote against the measure and that the Legislative Council be asked to throw it out. Cr Retallack said that if Mr Kirton had lived in the City 10 years longer he would have known. tho nuisance that had been caused' by dogs in the City. Men had been thrown off their horses and killed, the sanita tion of the City was endangered, and when the fireball] rang no more than* the] first stroke could be heard on account of the barking of dogs. Crs Morey and Heinz considered that the council had no right to dictate to a member of Parliament as to bow he should vote, bnt the reasoning of Crs Elliott, Shoppee, Whykes, and Retallack won the day, and the motion was carried. Mr Andrew Pearce, manager of the Last Chance United mine, yesterday received a telegram from Western Australia announcing the death of his brother, Mr John Pearce. The deceased, who was highly osteemed, paid a visit to Ballarat last November, and had in tended to eventually take up his residence here. The Amending Local Government Bill, whioh has passed throngh the Legislative Assembly this session, was subjected to some severe criticism yesterday, at the hands of Cr Elliott, who also took occasion to refer to the excellent work of the Legislative Counoil, “ If,” said the south ward member, “ rate payers can’t record their votes between 8 and 5 o’olock they deserve to be deprived of them.” It would be simply, ridicalons, he considered, to prolong voting into the darknesß, for in Angust it was dark at 7 o’clock, when it was proposed to olose the polls. Tho Upper Houbs had been abused a great deal in a most unwarranted manner, bnt if it were not for that Chamber sevoral pernicions measures would have been psssed into law. He hoped that the Legislative Connoil would thrnw ont this measure. Cr Whykes thought that it would be better in the interests of miners and workmen if the polls opened at 9 instead of 8, aod closed at 6 instead of. 5, and Cr Bell agreed wish him. Cr Morey pointed out that_ tha mining companies at present allowed t“ el _ employs every opportunity to vote, ana ultimately it was agreed to recommend that the hours of polling be from 9 until o o’clock. The anniversary banquet of the City branch of the Australian Natives’ Association was held last night, and is reported in another column. Shortly before 8 o’clock last night a man reported at the Ballarat East police station that he had been startled by some person acting the part of a ghost in Eureka street. Constables Austin and Magrath were des patched to the locality mentioned, and were successful in arresting a youth named George Britnell, who, it is alleged, was tho cause ot the alarm. When arrested Britnell was in i possession of a large tin, in which were cut holes to represent eye 3 , nose, and mouth, and at the bottom of tho tin a lighted caodle was placed. The accused, who is 14 years of age, was lodged in the Town lock-up on a chaise oE having behaved in an offensive manner. Later on in tho evening the accused was released on bail. Attention was again drawn in the City Council yesterday to the state of the_ street crossings in the City, and it was decided to put gravel upon all those crossings which are not pitched. Cr Retallack pointed out that only 7s was spent in the central during the last fortnight against about £7O in both the south and north wards, and Cr Morey, taking up the subject, declared that the cros sings in Sturt, Mair, and other thoroughfares were in a disgraceful state and aukle-deep in mud. The city engineer said that 15 dr were employed in spreading gravel, and all re quirements would shortly bo attended to. The Loyal Orange Institution’s demonstra tion in celebration of the anniversary of the battle of the Boyne will be continued in the Alfred Hall this evening. A soiree and con cert will be held, pre-ided over by Br B. T. Yale, Deputy Grand Master of the institution in Victoria, and an address will be delivered by the Bav. W. Bnrridge. Tea will be dis pensed at half-past G o’clock, and the concert will be commenced at a quarter ,to 8. An excellent musical programme has been pre pared. . . ; Cr Shopped yesterday informed the City Conncil that he had this winter been inun dated with applications for work under tbo City Council. He moved that the c|erk of works -be requested to now and again change his casual hands, as had been done last year, in order that the employment might be more widely distributed. Cr Bell seconded the motion, which was carried. The South street competition upon its third week last night when a beginning was made with the music for which there are 400 competitors. There was a crowded' and [ enthusiastic attendance. Mr William King presided, and Mr George Peake, of Mel bourne, adjudicated. The competition will be continued this afternoon at 1 o’clock, when the piano solo “Vesper hymn” (for competi tors under 16 years of age), will- be taken, and in the evening at 7.30 the violin solo fnnder 1G years), and tho sacred song Galilee” for ladies will be dealt with. In all 77 competitors will take part today, coming from Allendale, Ararat, Daylesford, •Buninyong, Monnt Prospect, Linton, Bendigo, Stawell, Learraonth, Smeaton, Horsham, Bichmood, Dean, and Clnnes. The City Connoil yesterday agreed to co operate with the Canlfieldshire Conncil in urging on the Government the necessity of the early payment to municipalities of the en dowment withheld from them. The advisability of an alteration in the law as regards permitting accnsed persons to give evidence on their own behalf was exemplified at the -Town Polioe Court yesterday, when a young man named Phillip Bree, who is at pre sent undergoing a sent-nce of three months’ imprisonment for having stolon an overcoat belonging to Phillip Bennett, was charged with perjury. Inspector Hamilton conducted tho case for the Crown. It appears that when Bree was charged with tho theft he swore positively that he had fonnd the coat on a tree guard in Sonth street. He was cautioned by Messrs Long and Pearce, J’s.P., who wore on tho bench, to be careful in his statements, bnt he adhered to his testimony as to h iving found tho coat, and . also added that he had found it just after the closing of a hotol. Yesterday evidence was givon by the owner of the coat, which showed that it wa3 impossible 'for the prisoner to have fonnd it at the time Btated, as the witness had it witli him at an evening party at that timo, and it was stolon subsequently. Formal evidence wa3 given by Mr Fos'er, clerk of courts. Sergeant Boyce, and Plain-clothes Constable Montague, after which the bench, consisting of M u ssrs Long, Josephs, Pearce, and Glenny, J’s.P., com mitted the prisoner for trial at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court on 11th August. Returning officers for the ensuing municipal elections were yesterday appointed by the City Couucrl as follow:—South ward, Cr EUiott; central, Cr Retail ick; north, the mayor (Cr J. G. M'Donatd). The programme for the day’s proceedings on the 29th iast., when Lord and Lady Brass-y will visit Ballarat to attend the South street Society’s presentation of prizes and en tertainment in the Academy of Music and the XI -sonic hall, is at present under the con sideration of his Excellency, and when it has b-ea received final details will be settled and duly announced. We hare requestei to give mil publicity to the tret that non-masons can attend the hall, as same doubts have b-en expressed on that point. Invitations have been forwarded to the Gr-.nd Lodge officers, and the spectacle in the Alfred Hall should be | one surpas-ing any seen for many years. In compliance with the request of a large number of ratepayers, Mr F. H. Ingle has definitely decided to contest the election for a seat in the Seba3topol Borough Council in August next. A meeting of his friends and supporters will be duly advertised. At the City Police Conrt yesterday Agnes Walker was charged with vagrancy. Constables Byroe, Rogerson, Patterson, and Thompson gave the accused a very bad character, and stated that she was a nuisance about the streets. The accused said that she worked hone-tly for her living, and she called as a witness a man named Richard M’Kay, who stated that when the accnsed was out of employment he supported her. The witness admitted that he had a record of 17 convictions in the Police Court. In answer to the bench. Sergeant Moran said that. Walker had been twice previously con victed, and had served sentences of 12 and 6 months. The magistrates ordered the de fendant to be imprisoned for three months. Messrs Leader, P.M., Coltman, Little, Permo wau, and Sergeant. J's.P., presided. The City Council yesterday decided to call for tenders for the supply of an engine for a steam»r that is being built for rush-cutting at Lake Wendouree. Tenderers are to be asked to submit designs and furnish a price. A young man who for tho past fortnight had been on remand on a charge of drunken ness, was brought before the City Police Court yesterday and discharged. The defen dant, to show his gratitude for the care that had been taken of him while ho was suffering from the effects of his.debauch, contributed £2 to the poor-box. Another mm, who had been arrested for drunkenness on Sunday, was discharged, and gave 5s to the poor-box. The defendant was warned that if he agaiu offended, especially on a Sunday, he would be severely dealt with. A few debt oases were also dealt with by the court. Mr J. H. Adeney yesterday wrote to the City Council, stating that the two delegates from the English Co-operative Wholesale Society, and Mr B. Jones, their secretary, who are vi-iting Australia to make arrangements for large wholesale purchases of colonial produce, are expected to arrive in Ballarat on Friday, the 17th inst., and to remain here over the following Sunday. Mr Adeney asked that in view of the importance of the' delegates’ mission the mayor and City Conncil should give them a fitting reception. Cr Shoppee expressed a hope that the request would be granted, as there was no question a3 to the advantages of tho visit of such gontle mon. If Manchester should taka supplies from Australia great benefits must accrue. He moved that the mayor be requested to call tho councillors together in order to welcome the delegates. Cr Bell secoadod the motion, and it was carried. At the Town Police Court yesterday marine store collector’s licenses were granted to Mahomet Khan, who had previously held a hawker’s license, and to Francis Pascoe. The members of Prout’s Ballarat Brass Band held their second annual social gathering last evening at the Phoenix Hall, Armstrong street. There were about 80 couples present, and dancing was indulged in for several hours to mu«ic provided by Messrs West aDd Hale, Mr G. Scales fulfilling the dnties of M.C. At. supper, the president of the band, Mr J. N. Dunn, presided. Bandmaster Pront proposed the healths of the visitors, and representatives of Batch’s band, the Militia baud, and tho Railway band acknowledged the toast. Mr Roberts proposed “ The Town Council,” and Mr A. Sheldon gave “The Ladies.” The arrangements were satisfactorily oarried out by Mr R. Davis, honorary secretary, and the gathering proved in every sense enjoy able. Messrs J. W. Harris and F. Beggs, J’s.P., presided over the Beaufort Police Court yes terday. James Smith was charged with having stolen and carried away from the Waterloo hotel, Waterloo, a quilt and a rug valued at 10s, the property of George Broad bent. Smith, who wae arrested near Lexton by Coneiable Campbell, pleaded gnilty to having taken the artioles away with the inten tion of bringing them baok. It seemed that Mr Chae. Broadbent gave the accused a shake- i down at the hotel on Tuesday night, and early on the following morning the accused left, ' taking the quilt and rug with him. Mr C. Broadbent went after him and found him within two or three mile* of Lexton, and information to the police, when Coastal}’* Campbell placed Smith under arrest. Xhj accused was sentenced to a month’s imprison, ment in the Ballarat Rani. Constable Catnn bell was allowed 3s cost* which the State will have to pay as accused had no money. A meeting of the council of the Caledonian Society was held last night in the Manchester Unity Hall. The meeting was specially called to take into consideration the best means of celebrating the centenary of Burns, which takes plaoe on Tuesday, 21at Jnly. it unanimously decided to hold a concert ir\ the Mechanics’ Institute, when a programme® titled “ANicht wi’ Burns” is to be renleftfi by our leading amateurs. The attendance at the council meeting was a large one, and the utmost enthnsiasm prevailed: It wa* decided to invite the co-operation of all those in the surrounding districts who hail from the land o’ Burns to help on this occasion. The funds are to be handed over to the Burns statue committee to enable them to complete the tablets at the base of the monument, on which the selected gems from the poet’s works, are to be inscribed. The ticket* are already in the printer’s hands, and the Ballarat Cale donian Society feel_ that they have butte appeal to their “ brither Soot* ” by the name of Burns to ensure an attendance worthy of the occasion. Harry Grigoleit, 36, of Bipon street, wan treated at the Hospital yesterday for a crashed hand, canned by the falling of a log nt the Star of the East No. 2 mine. Frank Williams, 49, wa3 treated for a fracture of a rib, caused by a chair falling with him. The nshal meeting of the committee of the- Teachers’ Association wa* held on Saturday afternoon last, Mr Battray being in the chair. The date of meeting was altered, so that in future all meetings are to bo on the first Saturday of the month. It was unanimously decided to send out subscription list* to all the Bohnol* in and around Ballarat, in order to raise a fund in aid of that worthy institution the Benevolent Asylum. Seeing that this’ institution sends rations to places outside Ballarat, there should not be the slightest hesitation in aiding the good cause. Any little self- denial practised by the children will be well repaid when they remember or think ofi.the great good effected by the committee to those more unfortunately situated than them* selves. The ballot in connection with the half, yearly elections of the B dlarat Miners’As* socialion is being taken at the varion3 mines and the result will be announced nt the half yearly meeting of members next Saturday night. At a meeting last week of ministers and other gentlemen, as well a* ladies, engaged in the task of giving Scriptural ins'rnction in State schools, it wa* resolved to interview the head teachers of the principal schools to ask them to facilitate the work. This is a matter, however, that re*ts more with the Board of Advice than the teachers, special provision having been made in the regulations framed under the Education Act to assist this labor of love. Clause 13 of the regulation* reads 13 follows:—“1. Bor tho purpose of affording facilities for giving religious instruction in State schools, the ordinary school basinets shall, on one or two days in each week, a* tha board of advice may determine, terminate at half past 3 o’clock p.m., provided that imme diately prior to such closing two hours’ secular instruction, which must be consecn. tive, shall have been given after roll- call. 2\. On these occasions the teacher shall, imme diately after announcing the dismissal of the school for the day, give notice that all pnpiU who-e parents do not object to their receiving religions instruction may remain for that purpose.” At 6 o’clock last evening there was an alarm of fire in the city, bur. the cause proved to be merely a burning chimney. A public meeting was held at the Primitive Methodist Church, Eyre street, last evening, and wa* largely attended. The chair wa3 oc cupied by Mr W. Troon, and interesting ad dresses were delivered by the Bevs. Bride Barber, A. Madsen, and Howard. Several choruses were rendered by the choir, under the condnotorship of Mr R. Jeffrey, Alisa Brown being the organist. Edward Beddall who wa* arrested on Friday on a charge of impo-ition, will appear at the City Court this morning. Two other charges of a similar nature have been laid since Beddall’s arrest. These also will be investi gated today. At the annual meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade Club last night, Mr J. B. Johns, who was formerly secretary to tho club, thanked the member* for the kindness and considera tion which they had always shown to him. Mr Johns announced that he will loavo for West Australia again to-day, and intends to bs away for 18 months. In the health officer’* report submitted at the meeting of the Ballaratshiro Council yes terday, reference was made to the wholesale poisoning of sparrows as being a source of pollution of water supplies. It was pointed out that the birds invariably seek for drink a3 soon as they partake of the poisoned wheat, and often die in the tanks, &c.; The Orphan Asylum Committee meet to night. At the meeting of the Balloratshire Council yesterday, Cr Harding intimated that he did not intend to seek re-election at the expiration ot hi* present term. He said he was sorry to leave the council, a* he had been treated with the gr- atest courtesy by councillors, officers, and press. We have received from Messrs J. J. Golfer and Cos., a samide of Tennant’s pale ale. Tha brew is an exc llent one, and has been bottled in such prime condition as to fnily maintain the firm’s high reputation. It is not unlikely that Mr J. D ckie, farmer, of Weatherboard, will be a candidate for the seat in the Ballaratshire Council which will be rendered vacant by the retirement byeffioxioa of lime of Cr Harding, who does not intend to seek re-election, Mr J. Noble Wilson, chairman of tha Bal larat Water Commission, was yesterday heartily thanked by the City Council for hiving considerately called councillors to gether to discuss Mr Mahoney’s able report on a sewage system for the City and Town. Leave of absence for two months wa3 granted at the Haliaratshire Council meeting yesterday to Cr Dobson, who intends to3pend the time in New South Wale3 in order to recruit hfe health. Mr William Little, Ballarat agent of tho Queensland Trnsteos Company Limited, re ceived from tho manager of the company yes terday a telegram to the effect that the net profits for the past year amounted to £9OO odd, and that a dividend of 3 per cent, had been declared, and the sum of £-100 carried forward to next year. Tha “ Dead March” was played in the Bnbicon street Wesleyan Church last Sunday by Mr S. Lnkeis, the organist, ont of respect to the memory of Mr Morley, who died from fever at Johannesburg, Sonth Africa. Tha deceased and his family were formerly resi dents of Bedan, and were greatly respected. A cabl-gram has been received from England by the Salvation Army authorities here, in timating that in consequence of illness, the departure of the new Commissioner for the Australasian colonies. Colonel Herbert 3ooth, ha* been postponed until the 17th mst. Colonel Booth, who is a son of General Booth, will leave England by the R.M.S. Oceana, and will be accompanied by his wife, who is one of tha most energetic workers possessed by the Army. Tha revenne from the railways For the nine days of the present financial year amounted to £67,001, as against £SI,S4o re ceived during the first 11 days of the year just expired. The Venerable Dean Cowper, dean of the chapter of Sydney, celebrated his S6th birth day last week. He ie probably the oldest cleric in the colonies. Tha dean was born ® Sydney in 1810, and studied for the church at Oxford. In 1835 he returned to Sydney a ordained clergyman. His ministry has coveren 62 years. The Hobart Mercury's last mail summary contains 21 obituary notices, in H °f ™L the age3 given »re as follow: —74,73, 75, 50, > > 87, 93, 70, 78, 76, and 73. Several members of tho “ Trilby” Company favored Mr Chuck, vice-regal photographer, with sittings yesterday, when some excelsleh studies were taken. A special exhibition Wil bs made on Saturday evening next. 