O l t l G I N A L S X O K Y The Myslerj of ihu Willow Farm ? BV PAUL TWi'rOUD. THAT our hostess was a beautiful woman we all /tgT'.-od ; und when ws retired to our large, double-bedded sleeping chamber, tho first night of our stay at the 'Willow Farm," wo wore loud in our praise and admiration of her. Yet there was much about this woman that 1 didn't like ; and long after raythree friends were asleep, her wonderfully beautiful fuco haunted mo in a sort of waking dream. We bad arrived at tho farm early in tho day, baring 1 sailed round from Sydney in our own t>oat. Sho was a smart, half-dockod cuttor-rigged boat, and we wero all expert, Well-season o4 boatmen. We had each of UB a fortnight's holiday, and the trip to tho Hawk anbury had for somo monthc been looked forward to with muoh pleasure. Would to God 1 had never suggested it; lor it proved a most disastrous trip, and eaddoned many years of my life. X wan not the oldest of the party, though looked np to as the most htaid and circumspect; and though on tbe right side of thirty, was invariably called * tho old man, 1 which 1 didn't mind in tho least, for two of my friends were quite young men—just arrived at manhood—full of hope, good spirits, health and strength. Both were Australians—one a nativo of Sydney, the other of Brihbuno— and both were in tlio same ofll;e as myeelf. Oar othor friend was an Irishman ; ho was thirty-fivo, but was rockJcsbly impulsive and volntiio as any Colt of twenty-ono or twocould possibly bo. He was a splendid fellow in every way ; physically, ho towered above the rest of us, being also stout and muscular ; whilo intellectually he was also our pupcrior. Ho had boon a' groat traveller: had resided some years in America, and had served io tho United States army. Ho was highly accomplished ; abpiendia musioiau, nud a very fuir linguist. Having served in the nuvy myself, and seen a good deal of tho world, Hubert O'Neill and I were particularly warm friends ; tho other two, being younger, wore naturally more in eaoh other's socicty—though wo all four, l>eing unmarried, spent very much of our time togethor. Thus we were oat on out boating exjpodition up tho Australian Rhino, fully intending before we left tho rivorto explore most of tho creeks worth exploring. Wo wero amply provided with eatables and drinkables, with fowling pieces, ammunition, etc., fishing gear, camera, skotoh nnd note books. Thus wo wore quite independent of settlers, or river hiwkers, unless it might bo for a little fruit, milk, butter and eggs, which, of course, wo could purchase as required. Wo bad a splendid breeze all iho way round: and, as luck would have it, it veered round to the oast as wo entered Broken Bay ; and thus it was that wo made tho farm BO early on tho second day from home. The people were strangers to us, and it was by the merest chance that wo stopped tbero, for it was our intention to go as far up tbo river as wc oould get whilo we had tho wind. But seeing some fruit growing near the water's edge, wo steered in cfose in order to see what fruit it was, with a view to purchasing some; and it Was then wo wero bailed by a woman's voice 1 to come ashore/ Wo lot go everything, and brought tb* V^* tip ' H. 1: nding place r/piaiiv ruf--tivJ io. lady, sr-ii vw-y h-.ini.somc elde girls—just iwii; ua welcome at onoo, and we were soon btsily employed among the peach trees and melon vines, our fair friends showing us the best fruit; and having freely helped ourselves to as much fruit as wo wished, wo wero invited up to tho houso to take some refreshment. It was a largo, oldfashioned place, plainly furnished, but veiy comfortable. Soeing a small oottago piano in the parlor, Hubert, in his usual off-handed manner, asked one of the younger ladies to play; but before tho girl could reach tho piano, the 1 beanty T almost sprang to Iho stool and ran her fingersalong the keys, and then selocted from among soveral piocos of inusio a well known waltz. Hor playing was simply atrooious; and I noticcd an undisguised scowl of contempt upon Hubert's expressive face. She rattled on, howovor, from ene thing to anothor in tho coolest manner possible—and clearly, tu tho annoyance of the old lady and tbe two girls—until one of them ventured to remark that 4 one of the goatlemm might powsjbly play.* This was just what we desired, for wo wero all proud of Hubert's piano playing. The lady left the instrument with a shade of displeasure on her lovoly faoe, though she mriloa swootly upon our chum when he relieved her. The flratfow notes clearly eleotrificd our eutcrlninerR—and il wus evident, that they wero strangers to Mich playing. Then, with tbe most charmiug politeness, ho asked ono of !he young ladios to sing; thoy hesitated : but he was so pressing and withal BO kind, that tho two sang a duct—Hubert acoompunytog them. Ho praiHod their singing and thoy oertainly fang vory nicoly—for there Was no affectation in theso fresh young girls. 'Aunt'—for such they called the beautiful woman to whom I have given such prominence—declined, whon a«»ko3 to sing, but hogged of our friend to play eomothing else. And ho did so, for ballad followed waltz, tbon quadrilles, marches, and airs from tbo opcrae in t-uch quick succession, that by tbo time ho bad finished,quite an audience had gathered round the door consisting of pomo half a dozen farm servants, male and female. Onco more ho asked the the'Aunt'-in bis most gallant and win ning manner—to sing, but sho was adument. * Well, boys, strike 1* and he rattle3 off tbe preliminary to a glee we woro constantly singing together. This finished tho performance ; and -we wore pressed to stay all night. I was appealed to, and, reluctantly, I said 'yes,' for Isa w that both Hubert and the young Queenslander seemed anxious to stay. I can "hardly say why it was, but no eooner lmd I said yes than I regretted it—although I couldn't frame a reason able objection. I had observed Tom very closely during the musictreat, and be never once took his eyes off the love'y woman who clearly acted •—if sho was not really so—the part of mistress of the establishment. While Hubert was moro than politely attentive to her much as ho mubt bave despised her piano playing. II. The woman was a clover, fasoiuating croitore; but I had formed this opinion of lior: that she was possessed of a rftnurkably etrODg will, and could disguise her feelings at pleasure. The old lady and the girls wero charming; and, judging by two or throe trifling circumstances, they were in eoino war under 4 Madam's thumb.' A look from hor dark blue eyes seemed to cow them : while the old lady appeared nerroutly anxious to propitiato her in every way. I was glad, howovor, to fiud that tho young Sydnevito, Joo C'.emonahaw, was not so enthusiastic in hie admiration of * Aunty '—though, like myself, ho admitted her exquisite beauty. Joe wa« a cool card, for a youngster, und inclined to be cynical; he was of medium height, but bad tho limbs of a wrestler, and was by no means a bad iooking fellow. His offico chum, Tom Stein worth, woa tall, fair, and sJi/.-Ltly built, and his faro xen? ru'hc feminine. Ho was a most impressionable youth; romantic, impulsive, warm Wrtod and, generally, just such a youngMor ns women like to have about them. AuJ as I lay thinking over tbe events of the day, I bethought me that Tom and Hubert might, by some simple misunderstanding, beoome deadly enemies ; I resolved to get undor weigh next morning. Bat my resolve was frustrated; for after breakfast Tom oomes, to me with beaming faoe and layB his band on my shoulder. 1 Captain,' says he, ' just a word. Do me tho favor to break your vnr.l of *M"i uiorniuy about proceeding up Ktr< ;un ; Mr*. ha* planued a picnio— ii:. ] we must be in it. Sav, old ohap, that v.. h:r.y hero for unothw night.' I was an- .yesi—bui Mid I'd think over it. I walked dvrtu to tJ'u boat and began to overhaul the ireur; wbile doing so, up comes Hubert, looking quite wad—for a wonder, for ho Was generally the noisiest of tho qnartetto. 1 J?uy, bob.s; I guess we can hang out hero another day?' « Wo might-but why P* 4 Wfll. wo can't bo churlish to such kind, hospitablo people—ladies, too. Mrs. -• —, tho old lady, and the girls also— asked' mo if wo would join them in a picnio to-day to some placo a mile or so from here. A day won't matter to us, any way. Let'sjro with them. What say you, Joo?' This to Cleraenshaw, who had just sauntered up. lie nodded to mo. 4 Just as he like'e. He's skipper, and we all signed articles to abide by bis word. What say you, Oap'en P Well, what could I say P I couldn't find ono reasonable objection ; and of course, aoquiesced—with this condition imposed ; that we wore to sail on tho morrow. Wo wont to tho picnio; somo 'walking, others riding ib tbo bugiry and spring cart which convoyed tho provisions, eto. The person who drove the spring cart fras introduced to us for tho firsttime as tbe old lady's son. Ho was a slim built, ordinary looking person, with a mean, forret-like phygiogoray, and reddish hair. He was rough and uncouth, and a clod in all hih fictions. Yet he was civil, though I noticed that bo rarely spoke to his 4 nieces,' and when ho did it was in u harsh, surly manner. To Mr" —— ho was most obsequious : be waited her like a slavo; and during the day when j wan in bor most joyous moods m tho danco, rounders or other games, 1 noticed'tho small, forret-like eyes following hor every movement. All through tho day tho man's smiles were—as far us it sftemed to ,—all for Hubert and Torn, and it was difficult to sny which was the most favoured. Of course she was pleasant enough to both .loo nud myself, but her warmth was subdued. She scarcely noticed tho old lady's pon, whom wo beard called'Richard'; but what relation th^j* actually bnr/> to each Other it was difficult to say. Mrs probably a widow—so Joe thought—yet sho wore no wedding ring; but what was tin old lady to herP and how came it that she, and not tbo old woman, was mistress? and further, whero did this evil visaged son come from ? Ho was not like his mother; nor woro tbo I girls like her—whilo Mrs bore no resemblance to any of them. The two girls—called respectively Evu and Emily— oullod Mrs ——Aunty," nnd tbo old Jady ' Grandmn,' whilo ' Richard' was called *Uucle*; thns, one might well supposo that he and tho 4 Mistress' wero cousins—and possibly, something else—bctrothod, per* Jjrtps—it was bard to fay. Whatevor bo was, sho floutedhim ; and whether ho possessed any power over her or not, bo did her bidding in everything in a most abject way. Wo spent a real pleasant day, and returned to tho farm by another routo, Passing by an old house, atrongly built of squared stone, one of tbe girls sang out: 4 Let us look at your old house, Auuty? It won't tako us long.' A witheriug glance met the girl's request. Tbe old lady told the girl in a quiet way, that it was too late, and' Richard whipped np tho horse he was driving. But as Mrs was walking botwoen Hubort and Tom and tho latter expressed a wish to see the plaoe, sho called out to Riehard to go on with his mother wbile she 'took the rly gentlemen over tho ruins.' So Mrs * the two girls, and we four, spent half: an hoar looking ovor what must oe considered one Qf the Hawkesbury's most anoient buildings. It was a fineold ruin —massively built, and in by no means a vory bad condition —for several of tho roomB were quite habitable. Again Eva got into trouble; the girl was innocent—and honest to a fault. 'Would you think this old place was bauutnd P* asked she of Tom, in a merry, laughing strain. Tom started. ' Haunted ! no—is itf Eva bad oaugbfc her Aunt's oyo and hesitated. 4 6o they say—but I suppose it is only a fancy pooplo have.' * What do yon say Mrs P asked Hubert/ * you should know, if this was onco your home?' •Woll, thoy do say that it's haunted— though I don't beliove it. I—a—however, wouldn't be afraid to spend the night hore.* 1 NOT I/ said Tom—with muoh warmth, I thought. 1 Rather you than me,' said Hubert, shrugging his shoulduts. ' I've no partiality for ghosts.' • What aay you, Skipper/ chimed in Joo, ' shall tbo four of us znalro a night of it in this old oaboose ?* * Loavp mo out, then/ said Hubert. 4 And lot mo stay here by myself/ rejoined tho Queenslander. 4 0, no/ broke in Mrs. , 'all of yon nro my guests, and I can not spare you to* keep a lot of bats oompany. Coino, lot us hurry homo; it is jotting dork. Girls, nil this delay, and foolish talk about ghosts, is your fault.' And the woman's oyos blazed with suppressed anger. All the evening, notwithstanding Hubert's niueio, our gloos nnd solos, and Joe's aud Hubert'8 sparring at each other in a ohaffing strain, there was a cortain undefinablo feeling of restraint. Tho girl* retired early, and tho old lady soon followod. Riohard sat on tbo edge of a chair mute as a mouse, whilo tho 'mistress' sat as stately as a queen, in hor beauty, with just a perceptible frown upon her lovely foaiures. Evidently a feeling of depression pervaded tho party; we wore curious to know more about our hostess and bcr * old home/ and she and Richard as firmly resolved to shunt inquiry. Wo spoke of sailing away on the morrow, and never a word was said against it, only that Mrs. 1 while holding hor hand in Hubert's and looking straight into his bright groy eyes, hoped that we wouldn't go early— not before thoy were up, howover. As Skipper I promised that we would not. I thought Hubort held tbo widow's (for such I concluded she was) hand an unduly long time, while tho red-headed mau shifted uneasily, and Tom, with a petulant air of impatience, stood at tho door-way urging us to go to bed. Richard's back was turned just for a moment—and tho woman's band was lifted to Hubert's lips. Unhappily, Tom saw the act, and he pushed past Hubort— rather rudely I thought—and proffered his bund to her. She gave it to bim with some hesitation ; ho didn't kiss it, but put his face very close to hors ; he must have whispered something to her, for I noticed that her face flushed rosy rod. We all wont to our room togother. and again the haunted bouse was Tom said he had a good mind to go and spond tbe night there. Joe suggested that wc all go, after tbe family had got into a sound sleep, 'just for tho fun of tho thing;" Hubort would have 4 none o' your ghosts/ wbile I advised all to got to sleep in order to bo up early aud ready for a start after breakfast. T lay awako somo time ; but feeling thoroughly tired, aud the night being caira and warm, I fell sleep, believing that I was tho last tocloso my eyes. I was awakened by a crash of thunder aud a gust of wind, which blow r the swinging casement open. A storm " como up suddenly, nnd largo drops of were falling. Presently tbo room was lit up with a flash of ligbtuicg, aud two voice* asked bow Ion* tho storm had been raging? Tbo voices belonged to Hubert and Joe. Not hearing Tom's voice, 3 enquired of Joo whether ho was still asleep, for thoy slept 1 Ho's not here.' ' Not there 1 where in the name of heaven is he, then ?' Can't say, Cap'en ; lot's go and see.' • What's that ?—Tom out ?' asked Hubort. 'SocmyhJoe. Wc wu«T 1«HSI: him i>n, f.,r be didn't tcom to bo quite ihu tiling lajl night.' 4 1 expect he's gone to interview tho spook/ suggested Hubert. • If 6o, we must go too/ said I. •Not me, thank you/ laughed Hubort; * if he's fool enough to go prowling about aftoran imaginary ghost in a thunder- storm, let him fool himself to the top of his bent.' I didn't like Hubert's sneer; and told him that I was going in. search of our mate. ILL In a few minutes we were on our way to tho hauntod house. It was a terrible journey, for we were drenched to the skin, and at times bogged knee deep in ruts and soft places, while the lightning played around us in the wildest of fantaetio forms. We found Tom at the house; he had bocn practical enough to make a fire in one of the rooms; end as be bid reached tho old houso before the rain came on, he was quite comfortable. He woe evidently both surprised and annoyed at as for following him, but said nothing. The room where the firowas made was a large room in fairly comfortable condition—probably it had been the family dining-room. We found aome logs, and all three sat by the firo A painful silence prevailed. for some time, when I caught sight of Tom's face as it was lit up by a darting flame from a log ho had thrown on: it was gba&tly.; Joo observed it, too, and asked whether he had seen anything. No ho had not, but the storm bad upst-t him. This soomod strange, for Tom was not tbo sort of chap to bo put out by a thunder etonn. Joo tried what a little chaff would do, and ho asked again, ' Whether tbe ghost was male or femalo. and who it was liko ?' Tom raised his head at the last question, looked hard at Joe for a minute or two, and thon relapsed into his unnatural mood—for wo had never known him to act like this before. " It was clear to mo that ho had seen something—or thought ho bad and I was anxious to diecovcr what 1 believed he would tell ine if Joe were put of tho way—for he fcan*L that irropreeelble young man's tongue: 'Joo, tbo moon's up, and tho weather fine ; there should bo some 'possums about hero, aud on our way back we might knock over one or two.' (To bo conoludod in our noxt.) ? 