TOWN TALK. A supplement is issued -with to-day's ' Geelong Advertiser." The apparent neglect of the claims of Geelong laborers for employment in con-: nection with the regrading works on the Geelong to Colac railway line, has been brought under the attention of Messrs Higgins and Gurr, M's.L.A. Consider ing the promises made to the parlia mentary representatives of Geelong and suburbs, that the local laborers would have the preference in regard to employ ment in this district, the action taken by the department's officers has caused dis appointment to the gentlemen named. Messrs Gnrr and Higgins have had the subject under review, and both feel that, as representatives of the town and suburbs, they have not been fairly treated, and Mr Gurr intends to bring the subject under the notice of the Legislative Assembly on a motion for the adjournment of the House. In the meantime the Geelong laborers, who are out of emyloyinent and anxious to obtain the work they are entitled to, and which has heen given to others from a distance, natnrally feel aggrieved, and look to the members for the district to see that their rights and privileges are re spected. The steamer Gulf of Bothnia, 3152 tons, Captain T. G. IV". Ligertwood, arrived in Corio Bay yesterday and pro ceeded to North Shore to take on board the first shipment of frozen mutton from the freezing company's works. There was a very gratifying return yesterday to the produce export trade which was such a noticeable feature last year and the preceding years. Three vessels were engaged during the forenoon and afternoon in expeditiously loading cargoes for the ports of New South Wales and Queensland at the Yarra-street wharf. Gangs of busy workmen were employed at each vessel, and the wharf, crowded with full and empty lorries, drays.and carts, presented for some hours a very animated appearance. The vessels receiving cargo for the adjacent colonies •were the Elingamite, Industry and Age, each clearing out at the Custom bouse and taking their departure from the bay. The produce taken from this port by the intercolonial boats comprised 6031 bags and 322 bales of chaff, 369 bags onions, 48 bales of hay, 30 boxes butter and mis cellaneous cargo. Quite an interesting nautical sight was presented to visitors to the bay frontages yesterday afternoon. It- is a long time since the bay was taken possession of by so many vessels under steam. The steamer Age, hound for Newcastle, and the Government steamer Lady Loch were passing through Hopetoun channel together, and shortly afterwards the steamers Elingamite, Edina and Coogee, bound for Melbourne, and the steamer Industry, bound for Sydney and Queens land ports, were all ploughing through the bay towards Hopetoun channel at the samj-. time. The steam procession was an attractive one, which was increased bv the departure of the large ocean cargo carrying steamer Gulf of Bothnia leaving the Yarra-street wharf bonnd for the North Shore for the purpose of receiving a consignment of 10,000 carcases of frozen mntton. Definite arrangements have heen made by Mr Chas. Sommers to leave Geelong for Coolgardie at the end of the month. He ■will open business in che "Western Australia goldfield as legal manager, mining and general commission agent, and at the same time act as managing director of the Kefrigerating Company which has been formed at Coolgardie. It is expected that the Geelong and Western districts of Victoria -will be largely drawn upon for sunplies of beef, mutton and dairy produce, aud that steamers bound for Western Australia will call at this port for shipments of produce westward to the order of the newly-formed com pany. Sir Sommers has disposed of his business as auctioneer, land, estate, in surance, ■ financial and mining agent in Geelong to Mr Frank Shrimpton, who has for some years past acted as his manager. The Geelong business will be carried on by Mr Shrimpton from the 1st October next. About six o'clock last evening a horse attached to a delivery cart stumbled and fell whilst descending the incline leading through the railway subway off Mercer street, and the driver, who was thrown to the ground, wys partly stunned by the fall. Constable Peter Curran and Mr D. Hickinhotham, the town inspector, who were passing at the time, secured the fallen horse and assisted it to regain its feet, and a rail way porier picked up the unlucky driver, who escaped with a severe shaking. The horse sustained a few scratches. Mr M. J. Wright reports a number of additional signatures received yesterday iu favor or the Saturday half-holiday, the total up to last night being 144 town proper and 32 in adjoining borough of \ Geelong West, this last number also 1 being a considerable majority of the j whole. The borough of "Vewtown and j Chilwell is to be requisitioned to-day. ■. Two cases of burglariously entering ' premises were heard in the Colae police court yesterday, the prosecution beiug . conducted by Mr Supt. Deasey. A boy : named Chris. Hayes was charged with having entered the dwellinghouse of Mr ' J. Muinby, Irrewiilipe, and stolen there- ; from a quantity of jewellery and money, . in all to the value of £5. After the case ■ had been fully investigated it was de- i eided by the magistrates to send the lad to the reformatory schools. A lad named : Lewis Lassiter and a iuau named Henry Borebain were charged with having burglariously entered the stores of Messrs ; Belyea and Fulton -and with stealing i several revolvers, a number of knives, a : quantity of tobacco and a quantity of i other goods. The whole of the stolen j property was recovered by the police after , Lassiter had been arrested, aud the lad gave information incriminating Boreiiam. j The accused, who admitted their guilt, ; vvere committed for trial at the court of j General Sessions to be heldiu Geelong on | the 6th October. In conuection with the Saturday half holiday movement, it is interesting to note that the produce dealers, who have decided to close on Saturdays, from October 3rd, commenced paying tlieir men under the new system on Thursday last. Whilst the men are very agreeable to the half-holiday on Saturday, the payment of the wages on Thursday did not "pan out" exactly as they anticipated or desired. Instead of taking up a full week's pay, the employers only paid for four days. Of course, on Thursday next, they will receive a full week's wages. Yesterday forenoon two special excur sion trains from the metropolis came to the Geelong railway station. The first, ■which proceeded to Port Fairy with 300 passengers, arrived at 9.20 a.m., and left again for the west at 9.40 a.m., and it will leave Port Fairy on the return journey at 9 a.m. to-day, arriving at the Geelong station at 3.45 p.m. The second " special," which was bound for Ballarat, j carried 450 passengers. It arrived at the j local station at 10.30 a.m., and left for j the goldfields city at 10.45 a.m. The j special train will return from Ballarat j to-day, but it will proceed to the metro- j polis by way of Ballan and Bacchus Marsh. "Work has been vigorously commenced ! by the contractor for the cutting of the I pipe trenches in connection with the pumping scheme for bringing sea water up to the high Moorabool-street level. Several gangs of men are now busily engaged in cutting the pipe trench from the bay on the east side of the reclaimed foreshore of the hay occupied under lease by Messrs TV". H. Smith and Sons. Last evening they had crossed the low beach road and started up Moorabool-street on the east side of the roadway where the iron pipes are lying ready for placing underground. A police escort from Melbourne brought to Geelong by the midday train yesterday 15 male prisoners, all under going light sentences. They were taken to the Geelong gaol, where they are to serve theirvarious terms of imprisonment. So many petty thefts and robberies have been committed recently that it is urged by shopkeepers and others that strict watch should be kept by the police on the movements of several persons who are suspected of being the perpetrators of them. A theft of about 20 dozen oysters in the shell was effected yesterday morn ing at the shop of Mr A. G. Clark, in Byrie-street; the parson who committed it taking advantage of the dwelling-house door being left open for the convenience of the milkman. The impudent robbery took place about six o'clock in broad daylight; Mr Clark hearing someone in the shop ran downstairs partly dressed and saw a young man leaving the pre mises with a sugar-bag filled with oysters. He called out to the person who was hurriedly leaving, and the only reply he received was to the effect that "It's all right." The police were telephoned to and Constable Patulo quickly appeared on the scene and went with "jiTr- Clark to theyonng man's residence where inquiries were made, but the person suspected of having committed the theft denied that he had been out of his house, and in this statement he was corroborated by his wife. The constable, however, did not search the premises, for the missing oysters. Probably he was not" armed ■ with a warrant for the purpose. At the police court yesterday morning, before Messrs Smyth and Coulston, J's.P., a woman named Elizabeth Bown was charged with vagrancy. " Constable Quinlan 6tated that he found the prisoner sitting .on a doorstep offMalop- street," and as "she did nor seem to be in posses sion of all her faculties, he arrested her. A brother of the accused stated that she heat her mother, who is a very old woman, and that the prisoner was a nuisance' about the place. The bench sentenced her to 12 months' iniDrison ment. The remains of the late Mr J. Bogan, of " Hillside," Conhewarre, who died on "Wed nesday night. were buried in the jRoman Catholic portion of the Eastern cemetery yesterday afternoon. Very many wreaths of natural and artificial flowers were sent to the late residence of the deceased by friends of the.family as marks of resDect and 'sym pathy, and the funeral cortege comprised 45 private and public conveyances filled by friends of the deceased. The coffin-bearers at the'cemetery were Messrs W. Doherty, W. Eddy, J. O'Heil, and TV. Eeehan, tne pall-bearers being Messrs M. O'Day, T. and E. Shelley, T. 0'2ieil, I). Canty, W- Blair, M. Costollo. and T. Hardiman. The burial service was conducted by the Kev. Father Byrne, and the mortuary arrangements were carried out by 'Messrs S. Wellington and Brothers. Some person at present unknown, but who resides not a groat"distance from St. Paul's Church, in Latrobe-terrace, has recently, at -nighttime, been " acting the goat," foliowimr very much the objectionable Etyle of -the Ballarat ghosts. -Enveloped in a long white shroud, with brilliant lights to mark the line of eyes, this stupid iudividual has appeared in sundry places in the borough, of Geelong 'West and frightened timid women and children. In one family rather serious con-" sequences have resulted from the alarm created by the white clothed figure of tali stature, and it "is hoped that the western ghost of very material proportions will con front men with nerve and muscle instead "of women and children. (A syndicate of athletes should be formed to lay out the ghost.) ; - ua. Acupiu^ wauli uuuer urupery estaonsn ments in Moorabool-streefc, that of Air H. Das™: has blossomed into the spring- display, the uncertain "weather having delayed the special attractions for a fortnight. The show window and snizg* room within the shop have been pleasingly dressed with spring goods. The millinery department, under Aliss Simp son's charge, contains a large assortment of the choicest descriptions of ladies9 hats and bonnets, all the latest styles in shapes and shades forming a somewhat attractive exhi bition. The Lady Brassey hat ia white chip,' with gold top, trimmed with black tips, gold ospreys and black ganze ribbons, is one of the pretty head adornments, and the Sequin bonnets in the Princess Marie and Marie Stewart style, elegantly trimmed, add materially to the elegance of the department. There is an excellent assortment of Guipere laces and insertions, lace collarettes, fancy caene ribbons, and general millinery trim mings in good variety. The new cycling blouses, with scarf pins for ladies9 blouses, and the beautiful dotal -ribbons, form a specially pleasing display, together with tho handsome ready made seaside costumes. All the new season9s prints, cotton crepons, fanej muslins, and the latest designs and colors in woollen dress goods make a very complete spring show, and there is a general redaction in prices to assist it. Arrangements* have been made by the Batesford Athletic Ginb to hold a sports f gathering at Iynbarn (Mr J- Deppeleris) on i Holiday, 9th November (Prince of "Wales' ; birthday). The programme,.which is pub • lished in our advertising columns, comprises \ eight events, including a Sheffield Handicap, : 130yds: Handicap Hurdle Race, 150yds; ! and" a Handicap Quarter or a Mile Race. ' Kntries for the' different events .close cii ' Friday, 23rd October. Air J. J. Trait, has • been appointed band!capper. 44 Outrigger9' in his rowing" notes in this j week9s " Leader 99 sdys : 44 Geo. Toons has ) lost no time in issuing a challenge to the new i champion, Gandaur. Touns is in the hands | of Peter Kemp, than whom no better scol : ling tutor could be obtained in Australia. ' Kemp was one of the most scientific of champion scullers, and ..should be able to work a great improvement in the Hunter River youngster. * Touns offers to scull Gaadaur for the world9s ohampionship with a stake of £500 a side, allowing Gaudaur £100 for expenses .to race on • the Parraznatta River. Gaudaur will probably desire to rest with his laurels for a time, and in any case may not care to risk a trip to Australia as Hanlan did when he held the champion ship.99 The Germantown. Improvement Association held its usual weekly meeting on Tuesday, 15th inst., and the vice-president,Mr Pachoike, occupied the chair. On account of being 4* Ladies9 night,99 the ordinary business was dispensed with. There was a very large at tendance of members anfi their lady friends. Miss Tozer opened the proceedings with a pianoforte overture, which was exceedingly well played, as was also a duet by the same lady and .Miss Blanche Field. Miss*Ward re cited u Modern Logic 99 in an admirable maimer, aud was well received by the audience. The Messrs Halmshaw, Winter, Ban, Liptrott, Seehtig and Lang gave recita tions, in wliicu the comic element pre dominated, and afforded much aniusemeu to the company. Mrs Winkler sang very sweetly ** The lust letter,99 and tho following gentlemen contributed songs : Messrs It. J. Tuffs, H. Tozer, F. Tozer, and P. Decker, Mrs A. Brearley, and Miss Eleanor Breariey acted as accompanists. Gaines were iudulgedin until a late hour, and suitable refreshments u provided by the incmUrs. The members feel very grateful to the nev. G. Hcyer for his kindness in lendingthe piano. After the usual vote of thanks, the proceedings terminated with the singing of the National Anthem. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Corio brunch of the Austraiiau Natives Association was held ou Tuesday evening at the Y.M.C.A. Hall. The president, Mr E. D. Wilcox, occu pied the eluur, and there was a large attend ance of members aud visitors. Mr D. A. Bell was unanimously elected to membership, and Mr Pike was elected to fill* the vacancy in the general committee, caused by the resignation of Mr A. Hill, The syllabus item was a *4Fre pared speech competition," for prizes presented J by Mr H. W. Day and the branch respectively, i 4i Woman's Suit rage " was the subject selected ! for competition, and the candidates were ] equally divided on the question, three being j for the extension of the franchise and three j against. The judges, Messrs Speed, Cook, and { Wightou, awarded first place to Mr J. | Thowlis, who took up the negative side : and j the second to Mr T. Marks, who gallantly I espoused the cause of the fair sex. The gentle- j men who acted in the capacit3* of judges com plimented the speakers on the marked ability j they had shown, and gave some valuable sug- i ! gestioiis, which, if acted upon, would ensure : a still greater measure of success. On the 1 motion of Mr Gough, seconded by Mr Pur ; brick, a hearty vote of thauks was accorded to i the judges. The treasurer reported receipts I of the evening amounting to £9 3s Sd. The members of St. Paul's Church Union held their usual meeting on Monday evening, the Rev. F. W. McDonnell presiding, and there was a large attendance of members. The item for the evcnhig's occupation was a competition, for which the following names were entered : Messrs J. W. Dobbyu. T. A. S3 vie and E. Silk, the subject being 44 The Charge of the Six Hundred." It was arranged, in the absence of other referees, that the Rev. Mr McDonnell and Mr S.Young be the judges,who eventually decided Mr Sayle to he first, Mr Dobhyn second, and Mr Silk third. It was also announced that Mr Sayle had been the successful scorer of the most points for the three last competitions, thus winning the society's ^certificate, which the union has lately ■ adopted for presentation iu such cases. The j remainder of the evening was spent iu im promptu speaking, and several interesting subjects were dealt with, and members entered j fully and with spirit into the questions at issue, a pleasant and profitable evening beiug passed. The secretary of the Geelong Protestant | Orphan Asylum desires to draw attentiou to advertisement for the half-yearly supply of | bread, meat and groceries. Messrs Hendy, Deary and Co. are advertising the sale by auction of a number of properties in the estate of Jame3 Scott, deceased. The sate will be held on Thursdav next on the various properties at the hours as specified in the advertisement; and on the sam& day, at 11 a.m., the same firm will sell, without reserve, the whole of the furniture and effects in the estate of Mrs Susanna Coleman, deceased. Shareholders are notified that the half-yearly general meeting of the Geelong Butter Factory Company will be held at the Exhibition Ex change on Satuxdav next, at l>ulf-past one o'clock. Mr "Werner, of Carter and Werner. Oculists' Opticians, Ballarat, is at present re-visiting Geelong. The firm's advertised specialty is to make tenses to sait difficult and complicated errors of sight. Spectacle lenses are ground from the rough. The firm announces that it has been awarded the highest order of merit at three successive international exhibitions. Mr Werner examines sights free, and will be pleased to give advice in all cases where the conditions of the eyes require the use of spec tacles. Pamphlets "Sights, Science, and Spectacles," on application to Messrs Bull and Owen, chemists, Malop-street. For particu lars see advertisement. The weekly missionary prayer meeting, held in the Y.M.C.A. upper hall, will be addressed to-day, by Mr C. F. Reeve, missionary from Poona, Tnrii>i._ The usual weekly meeting of the Fenwick stfeet Young Men's Association was held on Tuesday. There was a good atteudacce of members ; Mr II. Hobson occupied the chair, lyie subject of the evening was an 44 Elocu tionary and reading at sight competition " ... , which many of the members took part. Messrs Barry secured first place in the elocutionary, and Mr H. Hobson in the reading at sight competition. Messrs Bradley and T. M. Barry, acted as judges. This evening the usual entertainment and I meeting will be held in the Temperance Hall, f in little Malop-street. A meeting of the committee of the bowling section of the Recreation Club was held yester day in the club rooms, when it was decided to call the members together to appoint the office bearers for the ensuing season, and to decide on what date the green shall be opened. The management of the "Victorian branch of the City Mutual Fixe Insurance Company Limited, whose business is conducted in Em pire buildings, 416 Collins-street, Melbourne, announce in our advertising columns that applications for agencies are invited. This company is a purely Australian institution. The first half-yearly meeting of the Black F lag South G^L Co., Coolgardie, will "be held in the Exhibition buildings, Geelong, on Mon day, 2Sthinst., at 3p.ro. isext Wednesday evening a lantern enter tainment will be held in the Temperance Hn.il, Little Malop-street, by the Juvenile Recha bites. A local Land Board--will be held in* the Geelong Survey 05ice;onMondav, 2Sth inst, at 10 ami. ^ The eighth half-yearly meeting of the Gee- , long District Butter and Cheese Factory will j a^ 1 *30 neXt SaturtiaT afternoon, 26th inst., 