I - ; 1 STO-BV | THE WRONG GHOST. ' .1 _ VbSj honosty is tho best polioy — and that : w the moral of my tale. Ono fatal day, about a month ago, I re- osived a letter from Uncle James. I have'— . or rather I had— expectations from Uncle James, and always answered his letters by \- uoal mail, if I did not -wire, so I opened it Wlthrmt dolay. j ' My dear Nephew,' it ran, « As you will now os comfortaDlv settled in your new home iu C'ravc-n, I intend paying you a short visit. I wul como on December rst. if- the date suits y«ti, uud raust leave before Xtnas. I know you will have follo wed, 'the advice I gave, that ou no account should you tsko a house that was not haunted, and I am looking for- ward with great pleasure to making the ac quaintance of the ghost of Norton Towers.' . The letter dropped from my hand in dis- \- m5ly> fr I had completely forgotten my unclo'a wish when I bought the place, and, to . tho best of my knowledge, there was not such a thing aa a ghost on the promises. I put on my hat and went round' to the back to interview Anthony oh the subject. He had lived at "the Towers alf his life, and if there was a ghost he would know of it. ' Anthony,' said I, ' is there a ghoafc about tho place ?' ' A what P said Anthony, stopping in his wood chopping. ' A ghost. Yon know what a ghost is ?' Anthony scratched his head. 1 Noa,' he replied, after some cogitation ; ' I nivver heard of a ghost. Folks reckon thear was wunce a white doe at Rylstono. I nivver seed it myson, hut that's F nearest approach to a gomt Fee iwer. heard' tell on.' That settled the matter. There was do; ghoat. . I passed the remainder of the day in a very unenviable state of mind , and. for: the, ' first time In ray Ufa I delayed replying to Uncle James. It would be folly to let nim come, and find the place without a ghoat, , for tbat would .show how very little I re- ' epeoted hia wishes. Yet, what else could I do? There seemed absolutely no way out of tho difficulty but to make a olean breast -"-- i of it. -. However, after dinner, I determined to ...-1 put a bold face on things, so I sat down and 'J wrote to Unole James. I told him I should ; ri ba delighted to see him on the date named, ,7| l!ihut I regretted I had no ghoat to offer him. | I said I had not forgotten his wishes on the subject, but tbat the former owner could not : j be induced to part with the ancestral spectre, j except on terms so exorbitant that I felt my \- j "means did hot justify my agreeing to them j . m aud, 'remembering his caution about un- ? ; fp necessary eitravapnce, 1 felt euro he would " !."| applaud my scruples. ' - a Having perpetrated that pions fraud, I . turned round to read tho newspaper. :'l That was probably the most unlucky act :-5j of my life. Had I sent tho letter to Mm ; he would soon have got over his dlsappotnt- ;j ment, and all would have heen well ; but as ." f it is — well, its no good ropinixig. 1 ' I turned over tho paper negligently, and tj as I did so,- somo demon of ill luck directed my attention to a particular paragraph : ' "We have inspected Messrs. Bsyohe & Go's stock of Christmas novelties,' it ran, ' and must again congratulate this old es tablished firm on their enterprise. They have laid in a remarkably fine stock of ghosts for the winter season, and we believe that intending purchasers will be able, to gratify their varied tastes at exceedingly low figures. They are particularly strong in eighteenth century remnants, while their eastern importations leave nothing to be de sired.' I rubbed my eyes in amazement. I did not know that there were firms that dealt in ghosts. But here it was in .blaok and white iu a respectable paper, and the name given in full. I . recognised the hand of Providence in drawincr mv attention 'to the matter, and. I tore up my letter to Uncle James. If he wanted a ghost he should have one.; and I would , make immediate ar rangements for tho importation of eighteenth century, eastern, or other produce. I consulted Bradshaw, and found 1 could etui catch the night mail at Skipton ; and the next morning I awoke in London. At breakfast 1 looked up Psyohe & Go. in the directory and should not have heen very much astonished to find no mention made of snoh a firm. But there it was, at 78, Archipelago Street, Sobo. I hurried over my incal, and by ten o'clock I was in. Archipelago Streot, looking for number Boventy-six. I found it without difficulty. It was a email- fronted, dingy-looking estab lishment, half hidden in a corner, and over the door was ; ' Psj ehe & Co. , Ghost and Spectre Purveyors.' I entered, and a dapper little Greek, whom I took to ha the proprietor, asked in cheerful accents what ho could do for mo. .' I. want a ghost,' I said boldly. 1 Certainly, sir,' he replied. ' Here -is our now catalogue or would you prefer to inspect our stock _ 'Yes, I think that would ho the hest,' I BQ)d, ' as this is my first transaction..1 He led the way down a narrow passage, and opened the door at the end. It was a weird eight, aud I felt glad that Mr. Fayche was with me, The room was lighted by gas, and it was full of a strange medley of phantoms. Thoia must havo been fifty of them, women and men of all ages and all periods ; and you could see the wall at the other end, right through the lot of them. For a moment I felt inclined to retire ; hut ft reassuring voice said : \- ' It's all right, sir. Thoy aro perfectly harmless. , Wo only take .absolutely safe specimens. Well, my. Lord, addressing the shade of a be-starred and he-spangled aristo crat of the Georgian era, ' how are you to day?' 'Passably well, friend Psyche, came his reply in a hollow, far away voice, ' though 1 I've known more comfortable quartern in my time, and more jovial companions.' Then he tamed to me with a how. Am I anything in your way, sir ? I shall be vastly obliged for an engagement. I have unexceptionable testimonials.' I was somewhat taken aback at being ad dressed, but managed to assure him I should have been delighted to engage nim Had his period suited ; but he wa3 too modem for my ." Aifch another polite bow he passed on. ;i. 'Shall we y?Slk through r asked Mr. ' psyche. If you' see anything likely to suit, ! please point out.' So we walked through them. It wag an uncanny sensation, hut oue soon got used to it and in a few minutes I could step through a duchess with as little compunction as if she had been a mere fog. They were a singular assortment, and there was no unnecessary pride about them. A knight in armour of the Conqueror's timo was play iu gNap with a beadle and a Mahatma; a policeman was ogling an evidently gratified Court beauty of the Stuart period; while a shade uncommonly like t Heni-y tbe Eighth. was in earnest conversation with a Salvation | Army captain. . , „ . ,, You nave a very varied collection, Mr. j psycho ' said I, when we had readied the Other end of the room. ' Yes sir - I flatter myself no one can touch us in that respect. At the moment oni Stock IB lower than I like to see it, as we Cleared out a largo quantity of Continental and Indian produce last "WGOll tO nODlemon and the higher clergy for wmter festivities. However, my partner ia spending hia holi days the Catacombs, and he wnteB me be will he bringing hack with Mm some really ohoico specimens of tne ancient -Koman nobmty. He Us also secured two cardinals, and is even iu treaty '.for an Imperial taeear Whose doublet,. and ruffle, standing by himself before the I fire reading a newspaper, attracted my at tention. 'Thai's my man,' said I. ' No, 432, said Mr. Psyche, referring to catalogue. 'Lord Herbert Tumbril, tomp. James I.; executed for high treason. Price sixty-eight pounds, fifteen and six. For hire, one guinea per noctem. May I book the order ?' ' Certainly. Here Ib my card. I wish him to be at this address on the night of December 1st, and I will take him for a month.' ' He Bhall be there, sir. You can arrange all details with him when he arrives, and I hope it may result in a permanent engage ment. Do you want him to bring a obain ?' 1 For what purpose ?' 1 For clanking. Most of our customers desire it.' ' By all means let him bring ft chain, ' I replied, ' and any other accessories you think fit. I want him to do the thing thoroughly.' I left a payment on account with Mr., Psyohe, and returned to my hotel with a light heart. That evening 1 wrote to Unole James;— My dear Unole,— Your letter has been forwarded to me in London, where I am for the purpose of inspecting the reoent additions to the British Museum. I shall be delighted to see you on the first, and have no doubt you will be charmed with the ghost. I had sbqie difficulty in getting him included in the purchase; but, of course, remembering your wish, I should not have thought of tak ing the place without him. 1 Your affectionate nephew, Bob.' ; December the first came round, and with it Uncle James. He was in high spirits, and had evidently come to enjoy himself, for he asked after the ghost before he had taken off hie top-coat. 'I nonobo'B not modern, Bob," eaidhe. If there s anything I detest, it is a Yictorian shade. It takes a hundred years at least to give a ghost hfa full flavour.' e No, indeed, Unole James,' I replied, de lighted with my forethought. 1 My ghhat is pare Elizabethan.. Ha Is Francis Norton, the last of the male stoek, who came to grief in xhe rebellion of 1569, Yon can read all about him in Wordaworth's poem, 'The "White Doe of Rylstone.' ' Unole James rubbed his hands with glee. ' Bravo, Boh! You're in luck. "What doeB ho do? Oh, he—er— he walks ahout, you know olanMng his chain.' 4 His chain?' said Uncle Jamefl dubiously. ' What does he want a chain for ?' ' I'm sure I don't know. I thought all ghosts had chains.' i You are mistaken, Nephew Bob,' he said sternly. ' I never came across one with a chain. It's only the ghosts of silly fiction who have them.' ' Well, this ono has o> a chain, at any rate/ I stupidly remarked. 'I'm sorry to hear it,' said Uncle Jamea; and he did not again refer to tho ghost for sometime. Things brightened up, however, after dinner, and Uncle James grew quite CUthlMl- astio over the Towers. He was delighted with the house, and its situation among the heather-clad hills of Graven was quite in ac cordance with his romantic tastes. Yon have a charming place, Bob,' said be, over the port, ' and you've got a bigh-olass fhosb into the bargain, though I must admit Wished he badn t a chain. However,' he added cheerfully, ' if he has one, it will be for some good reason, and I shall have to find out what that is. What time doea he appear?' 1 Psyche promised him for nine, prompt,' I answered inadvertently. 'Eh ?' said Uncle James. 1 What did you say ?'j 'Precisely at nine, prompt,' I had the presence of mind to reply. Uncle James glanced at me doubtfully. ' I thought you said something else, Bob. Well, this ghost of yours seems remarkably methodical in his habits. He's all hut due now, he added, looking at his watch. I bitterly regretted my unfortunate slip. It was absolutely necessary I should see the ehosfc direcily'he arrived and nost him up in his duties, and yet if I left Uncle James at this particular moment I might arouse .sus picions- I was deliberating what to do, when the door was opened abruptly, and old Dempster ruBbed in. His foe? was wbite as chalk, and he was trembling all over. 'Well, what's the matter Dempster?'- 1 enquired with some foreboding. Dempster tried to speak, but only in coherent ejaculations burst from him. At last he raised a trembling hand and pointed to the "do or. ' Excuse me half a minute, Uncle Jamea,' I said, rising ; ' I must just see what is the matter.' I walked into the hall, and there I saw a sight that chilled, my very bones. At tbe bottom of tbe stairs was a ghost, but not tho one I expected in hose and doublet. This one was the ghost of a modem postman in his uniform. In one hand he grasped a heavy chain, and in tho other he held his cap and letter. He glided np to me when I appeared, and ; held out ths latter. , Just ae I took it I heard & noise behind mo, eo I hastily put it in my pocket. 1 Well, I'm blest V exclaimed an ftfiten- < ished. vole©- The postman slowly vanished. I turned, round and;faccd Uncle fanes. 'Yon seem to run two ghosts, Nephew Bob, said be drily. Ec — yes — I do,' I stammered ; this is a Christinas extra.' ' Oh, ib it ? Well, you might let me have a look at the Christmas card he brought, anyway.' I can't, Unole. Indeed I can't; It's private, or I would,' I said in desperation. Uncle Jamea turned on hia heels, and walked upstairs to Ms bedroom with great deliberation. Considerably upset. I returned to tho dining room. I opened the letter with many forebodings, and I found they were more than realised, for this is what I read " ' Dear Sir,— It is with the greatest regret we have to inform you we cannot execute your esteemed order. Lord Tumbril left us a week ago to fulfil a two days' engagement at a cattle show in the Antipodes, and has nftt VipPin Yipnrrl nf mnnfi. "Wa ata unm. pletely run out of stock with orders, and tbe only substitute we can send is the bearer, Robert Smithers, a general postman, who lost, his life in trying to rescue the registered letters of the London and Brighton mail last July; We behave you will find him atten tive to his duties and very wishful to oblige. — Yours obediently, PSYCHE & Go.' My heart sank aa I read these fateful words. If tho letter had only reached mo that morning I could have prepared Undo James for the worst; hut, as it was,: I had told him he would meet a high- class Elizabethan gentleman ; and now all I bad to offer was a latter-day postman. I sat for some time cursing my ill-luck and hoping the ghost of the too conscientious postman would reappear, so that I could mo- taphorically kick nim out of the placo ; hut be did not do so, and X went to bed. Sat I could not sleep. I felt I bad bun gled the whole matter, and it was obvious I had annoyed Unole James on his moat: tender point. Xt was likely to bo a very serious matter for me. After tossing about .wearily with these unhappy thoughts in my head, I fell into a fitful doze. It could liofc tavo teen more itan lialf an hour before I was effectually aroused 'by a loud clamour. I could distinguish voices and the jingling of metal. I jumped up aud opened my door. Heavens, what a sight met my eye ! There,- at the end of the corridor,-, just op- Bosite tjnole James' door, -wore a couple o£ .,.14' . -rv-r-. ttiii, i | | ghosts in heated argument— the JMfitffiail and Lord Tumbril, ; . 1 Gorlzuote-, Mirr: ili,' Raul tko former, ! j the gentleman desired my presence. I heard him tell Master Psyche.' ' You confounded spindle-shanks,' retorted tho postman, ' Sikey told me to come. He said you were making a beast of yourself at a cattle show.' ' Insolent variet !' Lord lumbru, drawing his rapier, ' you shall swallow your scurrilous words.' ' Come on then !® shouted the postman, j brandishing his chain, ' and I'll swaller yott as well. I know you bloomiu' haristecrats. - Many' s the letter I've carried for the likes of you — and they were inwariably underpaid. Como on, old toasting-fork. How the quarrel would have ended, good ness anly knows. I was simply too petrified to move ; but at this moment the door nearest them opened, and Unole James appeared. The ghosts stopped short suddenly, and commenced to fade away ; but before they wero completely gone Unole James made a mysterious sign, aud, as 1 live, those wretched phantoms came hack, and then, fol lowed him iuto his room. There was no more sleep for me. Uncle James knew the ways of ghosts thoroughly, and he guessed he would worm out of those fatuous spirits the whole particulara. ' of my arrangement with Fsvcha. 1 did think of. interrupting. the interview and ordering them-, to leave the house, but . I- felt the attempt would be useless and I should only be made to appear utterly foolish.' Unole James came down the next morning very oold and irresponsive. ' : He had a time table in his hand, and he ostentatiously con sulted it under my nose. ' Are you going any where, Uhclo James ?' I faintly asked. 'Yes, sir, I am going homo by tho next train.' 1 But you said you would stay till GMst« mas,' I protested. ' That is so, Nephew Boh,® he replied ; l hut I did not thou know you would hire a j commercial article to clauk a chain outside my bedroom door. No,' he werffc on, e it's no good your saying anything, Tumbril & Smithers havo told mo all j and I've packed them off to London with & gratuity, as I presumed you would not require their services after my departure. You have behaved dis gracefully in trying to deceive me, and I wash my hands of yoii from this day forth.' And that is how Uncle James left my house. I have received private information that he has entered his will ; but whether he has left his money to Smithers, or Tumbril, or Psyche, I don't know — indeed, I don't care. — Henivz A. Heueing. 