CURSED -a- FORTUNE pl.C.- . ? By a MANVIULE FE NN. 1 ? #HjLOTUQH op 'Blilck ]it.ooi-.' 'Tim; Kisi: ov Tlifc , E,' ' a TWF.lt lill.V,' ' A SI- l ilKT QLLST,' 'Tail wan-B VmuiN.' UI'O. J 0 dCgji^PrjSB XXS1X -(Continued), j ' It -would be act ol tna1neB8,' she ^Ighad, as the recalled Garatang'a wo:Je' rrspco'ting the sick lady. 41 And they would ri.&4Ue9o him J'*ho cried, while lh-- filing of belplcBsneBS grew and grew *6 she fell liow thoroughly she WftB in GiTBtaug'a power. ''Then caroe il.c thought of ber aunt aod i jaoole, bcr natural protectors, and Bh-» de termined to write to tbcui. James Wilton wouhl^etcb her away at once, for he wati hcirv' guardiou ; and scrcly now, she told herself, flhe was woman euoughto insist upon rr-^ropfcr respect being paid to ner wishes. Sh\ could set at detiauce any of hor cousin'u advances ; and ber conduct in leaving showed itself up In ilB strongest colors, as being cowardly— the aot of a child. Witliafrosh display of energy she wrote to her aunt, detailing LV&r;\ thing, and bid ding ber — not begging— to tell her uncle to '^iieome to her rescue at oace. But no sootier was the letter written than she felt that her .i-.jauQt jpvould behave in some weak, foolish ' way, and there would be delay. Bhe tore up that letter slowly, and after or4ii-3tbg the pieces Bhe Bat there thinking again, with her brow wrinkled, and the look Si. of agony in her face intensifying. . ' u I have right on ray side. He is my guardian, and he dare not act otherwise than lastly bj me, I am no longer the weak child ceiibw.'' And once more Bhe took paper, and wrote this time to Jamet Wilton himself, teliiog ...him that Garatang bad lured ber away by , the promise of protection, but bad shown . . himself in the vilest colors at last. 11 He must— he shall protect me,' she ?aid exultantly, and she h&Btily; directed the \Uetter. ? But as she Bat there with the letter in her cchand she shrauk and trembled. For in ^ ylvld colors her imagination painted before ^ bcr the trouble an -i persecution to which she would expos.* herself. She knew well enough ?''?What -were James Wilton's aima, and that, situated aehc was, he would 6tand at nothing to gain them. It was in rain she told herself t».J that anything vould be proferfcbie to stay ing there at John Girsiang'B mercy, the horror of roshiDg headlong backtn h«r guar KAldian,' and the thought of hie triumphant pooks as he held her tightly one : again, ilarovedtoo much for ber, aad thia letter was Iso slowly torn np, and the pieceB bidden. .... As .she Bat there with every nerve on the 'hick, a strange feeliog of faintness came ''over her, aod she s'artad up :a horror at the idea of losing her senses, and' being at this man's mercy, And as she walked \hdrriedly to and fro, trembling as she felt tbetfaiutness increasing, some relief ckme ji^Qrjsbe grasped the fact that her faintnosi was dne to want of food, and it was past mid day. *J'; Thete waa the bread close at hand, though, and turning lo it she began to crumble up ?ftho -pieces and to eat, though it waa only with (be greatest difficulty that she accon ; pliahed ber task. Bat it had the required effect — the 6£nsa „ tipn.of sinking passed off. Aod now she set 'Jhefcielf the task of trying to thiok of someone 'among the very few friends she knew beforo efaerfathert death to whom Bhe c :uld send 'fot-belp; but there did not ocsur to her mind one to whom she cooll apply in such a ,atrait.. There were the people at the bank, ,-and the doctor who had attended hor father in his last Ulcers, but they we*e compara tively each strangers that she shrank from %Tttta'g to'them ; and, at last, unnerved, and With her mind Burning to refuse to act, ebe jfiafc there feeling that there was not a soul Ja the world whom sheconld trnst but the Leighs. She coull send to Jenny who ,would, she knew, be up in arms at' once; lout there was her brother. Bhe could not, 'she dared not, ask him ; and it would be, she felt, asking him. It would be bo in* tcrpreted if she wrote. w- And then cauie thi* question which sent ft shiver through li-.r frame— what, must he think of ;her. and would be come to her help, as he would have done before she committed so rash an ae( ? Kate's ws&ry; ponJcringa were iHterrupt-?d liy a tap at the rio-y. which pro.luceJ a til of trembling, and she gli led to it to slip the bolt, which had hardly passed into ite pocket before the housekeeper's voicc was heard. *' I beg your pardon, ma'am, but lunch is ?ready, ami master would bo glad to know if you are well enough to come down.' A stern negative was the reply, and for mboota quarter of an hour sin was un.li eturbed. Th-.-n canv another tap, and the rattling of china and glass. ' If yon please, ma'am. I've brought your lunch.' ?' 'She hesitated for a few moaienia. The | desire was 6trong to refuse io tako any. tiling, but she felt that if she was to kcop setting Garstang at defiance till she could esscape she must have energy and strength. So, unwillingly enough, she uufastencd ~th: tioor, the housekeeper eutered with a trav. and set it down upou the table. *' Can 1 bring you up anything more, ma'am, and would you like anv wine 41 No,' was the a'nropt answer, in tones that would bear no reply, an-f tiio woman went away, the door being fasi.-no-T after her. The lunch tray looked dainty enough, but it remained untouched for a time. A desperate resolve had come upon the priso ner, and oncu more seating her*. If elic wrote a piteone letter to Jinny, imploring help, directed it, and placed it readv for pving to poor Becky when she came agi\iu. Stamps sh» had none, hut Bhft had a fitil' ijioaey, and Joubtlesft the girl would des patch her note in safety. The desperate step taken, she foil more at «fcae, and foeliDg tliat bur state of siege must last for a conplo of days longer she sat down avd onec more forced hereelf to eat, bnt she shrank from touchiug the water in Ihe «arafe. looking at it suspiciouslv. aud preferred to partake of some that was' in the room. \- Jhc tray waa fetehed in dne time, and t-.be bous'.'kcepor smiled her satipfaction ; hut ehe.woiU off without a word, ami Kate felt tTiat slie would go straight to Garstaug and report that the luneli ha.l been eat -u. '^he winced at this a lit tie, luit felt that it waa inevitable, and fueling in ball- r nerve she went to the door, which shj ha.l fastened, opened it a liul--. nn-l stoij I ibere to watch for the coming of Becky. .But 'the hours glided by, and with a creeping scoscof horror she xaiy jh-? wintry evening coming rapi !ly on, and tLoijglit of the night. -Whenever a foitslep was heard the was. on the quirire. but cach time it was the : mother. Thft daughter, who had before thU seemed to be always gliding ghost dike about the plac^, w.is now invsiMe. ;;n 1 ap K^.te vatched she saw the housekeeper light the V.all- jeta and then desceud to the kiteheu region. Twice orrr sire ciirank back and 6?cur^.l the door, for she heard Garstang cougli eltgbtly. aud saw him crocs the hall from library to dining room, and in each ess- eh - let some minutes ela|-se before she flared open and peer out again. The last tiiuu it wag to be aware of the fact that the dinner bqur had conn ooce more, and soon after -h'. woman began to ascend the stairs, KaUt retiring within and slipping the bolt, to etand aud listen for the message she knew would be delivered. . *« Master's compliments, and are you well enough to come down, ma'am ?' I'ke brief negative B^nt the messenger down again, and tlie prisoner wa? left un disturbed for a f-.-w minutrs, when ihnre ?was the Bounrl of the tray being brought to -the door, but this Lime it was refused entrance. Rate watched again eagerly now, feeling tblt in all probability lioeky would try t» sue Jicr while her mother was occupied in the dining-room, hut the tiiun passed or. and there was.no sign of ber, and thoughts of desperately venturing to try and reach the front door attacked the listener, but only to he dismissed. ' It would' only bo to expose myself to insult,*' she said, and growing more and more despondent she onc^ more closed and secured the door, expcctlng that there would be afresh message sent up. Ijn due time there was another lan at the door, but no request for her to come down, 41 1 have brought you up some t?a. ma'am.' Kate hesitated about admitting the woman, for the memory of the cc.'ne at the eauie hour on the previons night flashed across ber,.:-bot instinctively feeling that the messenger was alone she unfastened the door 11 Master's cu'flpliments, ma'am, and he hopisthul your quiet dav'6 rest will have done you gooJ. He fu.\s he will upl trouble vou-40 bee liim to-nighl. but he hopes , yon will 'be' youvp U again in the 'jnorning.' Good night, ma'am I won't disturb you flg-iin. The ?chi'ig'5 can bg 011 ^ie side table. Ik there auything \dse I can do ?' yoh,' wid-Knt«,^coliilri' ' Verv goodt ma'aui.' f'llie jfomiin Svcnl id tju dejor, mul Kn-c'a last of U-r turning a frionJ to help littiHCd-OTtl, Inr slie licftrdlrcrtlBlif tad ibiv sorilv, cviilcnl !v to Iju lioanl : ' 1'oor .liar muster ; it's very si'l.' tk Goo l-nigltt 1' said Katp, involuntarily repeating the wonnn'u words. 'God help me ami protect me througli the long night. wutchcB. and inspire me with the thought that shall bring m » help. How can I dare to sleep 1' The answer came from Nature — impera- tive, mil who Icikw no denial; for onej more the prisoner a voice, wondering to tlnd thai it was morning and that she must h.ive slept ior many hours in a OUAVTEB XL. -In the hope that an opportunity would fiooh oome, and to be ready at any moment, one of K.ite'8 firet acts that morning was to write plainly a few words on a sheet of paper, begging Becky to post her letter, and enclosing it with her note In another envelope, which she directed to the woman herself. Tbig she placed in the fold of her dress, wlicre she could draw it out dircctly, and waited. The housekeeper was not long before she made her appuaratic s with a br.-akf&st; tray, and was respectful ia tho extreme. 'Master thought, ma'am, that perhaps yon might like your breakfast alone this morning, but he hopes to see youjat'luncli. He 1b bo unwell that he ia not going ont this morning.1' u Staving to watch for fear 1 should escape,' thought K*tc, and a nervous shiver ran through her ; but r- st seemed to have given her mental Btrenglh, and after break fast ehe felt disposed to rHiculc the idea of her being kept there ajjaiast her will. ' It must be possible to get away,' she thought. It only wanted nerve had determination, far there was but the wall of the house between her and safety. Boon after breakfa&t; the housekeeper ap peared again, to remove the breakfast things. ' Would you mind me coming to tidy up your room, ma'am, while you are hero, or would vou prefer my waiting till yea go down ?' 1 'Doit now,' said Kate, quietly; and to avoid being spoken to she took up a book and held il as if she. were reading. But all the time she was noting everything, with , hersen'CB Au thc alert, aud the utst minute i her heart began to throb wildly, for she saw the woman go to the door, paes out the - tray, and it waa evident tint some order was given. Becky was there, and Kate sat trembling, j her cxcilement increasing when the next J minute there wis a light tap at the door, j and Becky was admitted to assisL in rc» : arranging the room. - . Tiu«, wen f on. for about a quarter of as . l£&r;,^vi)th Becky carefully minding not to I ^glance at the prisoner, -who, with head bent, I watche 1 her ev^ry movement, in the hope I of her being left alone far a few moments. But as the mother was always near at hand, the opportunity did not come ; and at I last, with ths envelope doubled in her hand, | Kate bc^an to feci that she might give up I this time, and woul-i'-bave to wait till Bhe ! could sec the woman pa?alng her room. The disappointment wse terrible, and i KUe.'s hear: Bank in her despair as the I housekeeper suddenly said : u There, that will do — ^et on downstairs.' She stood back 'lor her -.daughter to pass her, And then followed to' the door, where a , convoreatipn ensued. '?What? Left the brush V *? Ves ; other side the room.' l- Be quick, then. Ketch it out.' 't'he housekeeper was passing through the door as she tjpoke, and Becky re-appeared, to cross the room hurriedly, with her face ; lighting up as she gaye the prisoner a mean- ; iog look, drew something from her bosom,; and tbrast it into Kate's band, and took the note offered to her. 41 Now, Becky !' came from outside. The woman dartedto the door. - ' Wellf* Can't find it. *Tain't there.' Tbe door closed, and Kate was once more alone, to eagerly examine the tiny packet handed to her. It was sqaare, about on inch across, rougbly tied up with black worsted, and proved to be a ehcet of notcpapcr, doubled up small, and containing the words, written in an execrable hand : — 41 You run away. Come down at twelve o'clock,- and I'll let you oat threw the airy,' Letter rarely contained such hope as this, and the receiver, aB she aat there, with her pulses boandicg in ber excitement, saw no further difficulty. Her lonely position in I Loadon, tbe want of friendB to whom she | could flee, the awkward hour of the night — these all seemed to be trifi:s compared to the great gain, for In a few hours she would be free. Bhe carefully destroyed the note, burning it in the tire place, and then sat thinking, after opening and g*z\ng ont of the window, to realise how true Gaistang'e words had been. But they were of no consequence now, for the way of e&cape; was open, and she repented bitterly that she had de spatched hi-r Utter to Jenny. Then oace more a feeling akin to shame made her tinsh, as eha thought of Lsigh and what he would feci on hearing the letter read by his sister, Tbe day passed slowly on. A message came, asking if she would come down to lnncb, and she refused. Later ou came : another message, almost a command, that she woald be in her usual place at dinner, and to this Ehe made no reply, for none seeiucd needed ; but Bhe determine 1 that she would not Biir from her room. I Then mire and more slowly tba time glided on, till it was as if njght would never Bat she made her preparations, bo aB to be , rea iy when midnight did arrive. Tbey j were simple enough, and consisted in placing bonnet, mantle, and the fewest neccsiaries. Her plane w«.-re far more difficult : where to g ' 1 She eat and thought ot every friend in, turn, but there waa a difficulty in the way in each case ; and in cpjie of trying hard to avoid it, a6 the last resource, 6hc seemed to be driven to take refuge with Jenny Lelgb* aud in deciding finally upon this step she forced herself to ignore. the thought of her brother, while f -cling exhilarated by the iboaght that the course pursued would be the otje most likely to throw Garstaog off brr track, for Noithwooi would be tbn ia«t place ho would credit her with feeing Her head grew clearer now, as her hopcoE OECape brightened, and the plans appeared ccsiurand eabicr. and the way more e'ear. For it was so simple. QarsUi!^ and tbe bous^-ke'-per ~*rould by th it lime be asleep, and all sh^ would have to do would would b: to 6t»al silently down in the darkecsito where Becky would be wailing for her - She would take ber into the base ment, and ≠ .wouia oc icce. it sne coma per-u&de; her, sh? would take the poor crcaturc with her. Bhe would be a com panion and protection, and rob her nigbt jnuroey of its strange appearance. The r.£t s jigmsd to be mere trifle?. She would walk for somb distapce, and then take a cab to the railway terminus at London liridge, and wait till the earliest morning train started. The officials might thick it strange, but she could take refuge in the WAiiing- room. And now, feeling satisfied that her ideas were corrcct, ehe thought of her letter to Jenny. This would only be rec:ived just bstore h.r arrival, but it would have pre* ptred her, and all would be well. The ooiy dread that she had now was that she might enc .'i;otcr anyone from lb-; Manor HouS't at th*i station. On the way, the station fly would hide her trom Lbe parisus gas;, but the thought made her carefully place a yeil , ready for ua\ Then came a kind of reaetlou : was it not madness to go to Northwooi? Her uncle would soon know, aud as soon as be did he would insist upon her going back, and thnn ? ? J£ve rcachfcd no farther into tbe future, f jr there waa a knock at the door, aud the housekeeper appeared, smiling at her, and hanicd htr a note. 6b; saw at a glance that it was in Gnr stang'a handwriting, and she refused to take it, whereupon ths woman placed it upon the table, clow to her elbow, -and4eItihe room. ? For quite half an. hour Kale sat there ? determined not to opentbe letter, and trying hart! not even to look at il; but human y nature 1b qreAk,. and,;, unable to oOnlrol tha^ .desire to 'i'now. its coBtenls, atfd eicnaiDg herself on the plea that perhaps it mipht have some bea^iog* sipon the plans for that night— a bearing 'Which would force her to alter them— ahc tof)k it up, opened it, I Jt was a large envelope, and tbe first thing which fell from it was her letter to Jenny, apparently unopened, but crumpled -flha'MileoSa'it'U bad 'Veen 'held ^6 ahbt aud dirty hand ; while the other portion of -the contents of the envelope was -a letter irom GarBtaiag, calling her foolish and childish, and baking hot if she thought hit' threats bo vain and empty that he had not taken precautions against her trying 6uoh a feeble plan as. that, '] cannot be angry with you,' be con cluded, 't love you too well; but 1 do implore you, for your sake as well as my own, to act ssnBibly, and cease forcing me to carry on a course which degrades us both Oome, dearts'-, be wise ; act like a woman should under tho circumstances. You know «r»ii hAv 1 wor.Mn vou. Bhow me in turn some little pity, aud let me have ite first fruits in your presence at the dinner-table this evening. I promise you that you shall have no cause to regret coming down. My treatment shall be full ot the most chrival* roufl reBpect, and 1 will wait as long as you wish, if only you will give me yoor word to be my wife.' Was there any other way of sending the letter T Could she cast it from the window, in the hope of its being picked up and posted? She :fcared not, and passed the weary minutes thinking that she must give ' it -up. But Bhe ronsed herself nftcr a- time. The mother had evidentlv taken the letter from Beckv. and banded it to Oaratang ; bht tho flight was Becky's own proposal, aAd now, after gcttiug into trouble as she would have done over the letter, she would be the more likely to join in the flight. Dinner was announced, but she refused to go down, and after partaking of what was sent up she waited and watted till bed time was approaching, giving the house-' keeper cause to thiok from her actions that she was going to bed, and fastening her. | dopr .loudly as tbe woman left the room j after 'saving good-night. I And now camc the moat crucial time. She knew from old experience what Gars- . tang's habits were. He would read, for about half an hour after the housekeeper . had locked and barred the front door; andj then go up to his room, which was in the ! front, tipon thV second floor j and «ho stood . by the door, listening through the long leaden minutes for the sharp sound of The 1 bolts and the rattle of bar and chain. Her I brow was throbbing, and her hands felt | nampintue palms witn tne areau »uu ie»c of -some' fresh devcldpibebt'-Jof Gars tang'*# persecution, and she wopid have given any thing to have unbolted and opened her door, so as to stand in tbe darkness -and watch, but shivered with fear. at the .very thought. u At last, plainly heard, came.-thc familiar sounds, and now she pictured what would follow— the extinguishing of the staircase aud hall lights, as the housekeeper and her child went up to bed in the attics, aod the place left iu darkness, save where a faint bar -of ravs came from beneath the library door. Half an hour later that door would be opened, and Garstaug would pass up. Then the.re would be nearly an hour to wait before she dared to steal away.- . The agony and suspense now became bo unbearable that Kate felt th6t she most do something or she would go mad ; and at last she softly drew back tbe bolt, opened the door, an^ looked out. . . All was dark, and af tec listening intently she glided ont inch by inch till Ebe rcached the balustrade and peered down into the hall. Exactly as she had pictured, there were-a |ew faint ravs from the library door, and just heard there waq the smothered sound of a cough. She stole back to listen, but first closed and bolted the-door hastily, .put on bonnet, veil, and mantle, and then put out the candles burning upon her dressing-table. . This dose, she crept back to the door and stood there, waiting to hear some sound, or to sec. the gleam of the candle when Gar stang went up, but she waited in vain. The half- hour must have long passed, and she was fain to confer^ that since her coming she. had never oricc beard him go up to bed. ' The thick carpcts, the uo.-it£oa of her .door, would dull Bound and hitie the light i-assing along the. landing, and when another half-honr had passed she mustered up sufficient courage to oncc more slip the bolt, It glided back silently, but the bioge® gave a faint crack as ehe opened them, and she then stood last, with bcr heart beating violently, ready to fling the door to and fasten it again. But all was atiil, and at ! laht oncc more, inch by inch, she crcpt out | silently till she was able to gaze down. into j the hall. 1 The breath she drew came more freely : now, for the faint bar of light from the library was jio longer there, -and _in ' the utter silence of tbe place she knew that the door must be wide open, and the fire nearly extinct, for. all at once there was the faiut 'tinkling sound uf dying cinders falling together. i ne must have gone up lo bed. For a few moments -Kate Wilton felt ready to hurry down the atairs^-bnt she checked ths desire. It was not the ap pointed time, and Ehe stole back, closed the door, and forced hertclf to sit down and wait. Bock/ had Baid twelve o'clock, and it would be foliv to go down -earlier. .Never bad the place seemed so cU^jjt hg-. f'-re. The' distant roll of a cab sounded faint in the extreme, and it was as if the gr^at city was for the time being -dead.'' And now h:-r heart sank again at the thought -ol her venture. She was going to plunge into the silence aud darkness of the streets, so it s.'i.iued to her then; aud the idea was so fraught with f^ar that she felt she must resign herself to her fate, for. she dared not. The faint striking of a clock sent a thrill through her, aud once more she felt inspired with the courage to make the attempt. Becky would have stolen down, and be waiting, and perhaps after the trouble of the letter bueincss be quite ready to go with her. ' Ves, she must go,' she said ; and now, with every nerve drawn to ite highest pitch of tepsion, she opened the dpor, and stoo 1 for a few moments listening. All was perfectly still, and hesitating no long »r,she walked silently and swiftly to the fiaircafec, caught at the band-rail, and began to descend, her dress making a faint ruBtling as it passed over the thick carpet. Iier goal was the door leading to the kitcten stairs, and the only dread she hod now was that she might in the darkness touch one of the hall chairs, and make '-it scrapc on the polished floor; but ebe re called where each stool, and after a momen tary jiause. feeling convinced she could make straight for the spot, she went. on-down into the darkness, reached the mat, and then found that there was a faint, dawu-like gleam coining from tbe fan-light over the door. Then -iier- hoart seemed tO-Btand -atii?. for just before ber there was something shadowy and dark. 'One -of the .statues,' ? she thought for the moment, and then turned to flee, but stopped. ' Becky,' she whispered, and a hand touched her arm. (TO BE CONTnttJED NEXT WEDNESDAY)' . Newels : V I'm in doubt whether or not to | send my hoy to college.' Hartley : ' Oh, | don't bother. J ust get him a tennis suit, a football, a rowing paachine, a college cry, and a box of cigarettes, and ten to one aobodj' will eysT know the difference, or he, Lither.'' | 'ThiB,'fla\d the mother,', in her best in- ' struc'ive voice, as she guided tbe child through the musium, 4,this'ie a praying-1 machiac used by the benighted heathen.', 1 don't thiok that is half as nice as having : your prayiug done by the preacher, like wa do ; do you, mam t ?' asked the small girl. Mason: 41 Is that old Biogley with hisi wife or bis new typewriter ?' Bilby (to Garcpn) ; Walte^, did that gentleman order - one portion of steak and a small beer for two?' Gircon: 'No, he ordered ' canvas- 1 hick and champagne {or four.' Bilby ; ^ 11 Ah, bis typowritor. Thanks.' Tho blcyclo girl was almost in tears. 11 1 ] thonght my dUguise was perfect,' she said, | ' I hid tbi's salt made just exactly like my ' brother's, and tbe hat is like his, too— and— aud— everything else is like his, bo 1 don't see how you could tell my Bex bo easily .' The young man laughed. ' Looien your belt,' he 8%i 1. ' A man dose Dot pride him* self pn bli im*il waist, p : ' 