Fronde in Face of Death. Among the recollections of Mr. Froude, which appear in the January number of the Contemporary Review, the ■writer, the late Mrs. Alexander Ire land, relates the following adventure which befell Mr. Froude, herself, and some friends when out in a small sailing boat near Mr. Froude's resi dence :— 'There was a whistling, keen cry-in the wind, and we were harried along by sheer force of the current of air and water. Opening my eyes, I was suddenly aware of a change in the scene. An ominous blackness lay on the water immediately around our little boat. The sun still shone at a distance, but we seemed iu night. The cry of the wind was raised to a ■wild shriek, the water rose tumultu ously, the fierce gale came down one of those ' chines,' as the Devonshire folk call them—one of those narrow clefts between two hills. The sky, too, had changed; the sail almost struck the water; rain and sleet fell abund antly. •Just before this change of weather I had been saying to Mr. Fronde, * I, shall never believe that I have been here; it is all like a dream to me, this experience.' And my companion had said, ' You are like the lady who saw a ghost in her dream and would not be lieve in it. Shall I grasp your arm, and leave a black mark as a sign 1 or is there any other way!' * His dark eyes were very close to1 ine, and I added nervously, ' Ob, I am only joking.' ' But,' he continued, ' will nothiug remain to you of these sights and im pressions after you leave us V 'To me,' I said, 'all will remain; but I despair of ever conveying any true impression to another.' 'He made no reply. The 'squall' repeated itself furiously, and we shipped a good deal of water, the sail again dipping terribly. The little craft could not be righted. Froude, who still held the tiller-ropes, said, with what seemed to me a sardonic smile, and perfectly unmoved : ' Are you afraid ?' He spoke loudly —for the roar of the elements made it needful. ' I met his look and said quietly, ' Hot in the least!' on which be turned his head from me. ' The storm now grew more violent. Miss Froude who was self-possessed, but very pale, said, so as to be heard : ' I think we are in danger, father.' To which the reply, given without a: tinge of emotion, was : ' Very likely.' * It flashed through my mind with the strange rapidity that is bom of such moments, that a near possibility lay at hand of our all being drowned —since the capsizing of a pleasure boat in deep waters has often led to such an end. I saw, in my mind's eye, the submerging of that little un manageable craft. I thought: Here is Mr. Froude, 70 years of age—my self 50—he not longing to live—I not longing to live. Hitherto I had been careful not to touch him, but with the violent movement of the boat I felt an inclination to catch at his arm, but did not. ' Still,' thought I, * if we drown it will be together,'; and conscious myself of entire physical disability, it might, after all, have been tbat we should have clung together in that supreme moment. It takes me more time to write this than was allowed for the thoughts to flash through my mind. For again Froude's voice said, close to my ear: * Are you ready ? * And something nerved me up to add distinctly: 'Quite ready. The place and the hour and the company will do very well, if it is to be now and here!' * Well,5 said he dreamily, 'if 'tis not now, 'tis yet to come; the readiness is all ' * And almost as soon as the words were spoken, the boat righted, the stress of the storm abated, and we got under shelter of some rocks. 'Then Froude said coldly, 'Don't trust to first impressions, Mrs. Ire land 1' And he gave me one of his unfavourable, searching looks.' 