FAREWELL TO TEE REVS. R STEWART AND T. B. THUBLOW. CHURCH SOCIAL. A CROWDED BUILDING. Last evening the Revs.. Stewartand.T. P. Thurlow, both of whom leave Ipswich this week, were tendered .a farewell social in the Limestone-street Wesleyan ?unday-school by the members ofthe Ellenborogbl-treetChurch. The Rev. B. Stewart, as meantoeed above, has qpent three years in this town,and has been' traniferred to Charters Towers ; whilst the Rev. T. . Turlow, who goes to Stan thorpe, has sbeen connected with the local vircuit for the past two years. During their; si oorn here, both.gentlemes have laboured earnestly inthe interests osthe charch withi which they aresonneetea, wh?st'they have ever been willing to lend all the ,assistance in theiri power to any worthy object. Indeed, the tem- I perance 'cause and -other worthy movementse have received valuable help from them. NoI better prodf of ,the esteem in which they are 'held could be "had than 'he presence ,of the crowd which had assembled in the'ahool-room last evening. B' y half-paest o'clock, the time rappointed for the commenoement of the pro ceedings, the oommodions .balding, which was gallylSecorated with buntingtwas filled to the' door,andsomeof thelatesomers hadadifficulbty to secure sitting room. oAmongst ,thosee pm senbt - ,weo a number "atf visitors from' the "variods ;country centres in the ircuilt' fir. B. Hoare, senior 'circuit steward, presided, and with `him on the.platform were the Revs. 'B. 'Stewart, O. J. Gee,,anl'Qi. B. Thurlow, and Mr. A. J. Foote, superintendent of the ,local Sunday-edhool. The'Chairman said that'he had been requested to apologise for the on-. avoidable absence of the Reva..P. Robertson and Joseph'Walker. Afteritevotional exercises had been engaged in, 'iThs ..Oassrg stated theobject of themeet ing, and said he was sure that they were all sorry to lose the two ministers who had wotked -with'them for the past few.years. A cornet solo 'was tastaeflly played by Mr. Herbert 8helton, to a piansaccompasniment by; 'Mies. Gino 'Mr. 'OSEPH E:aSrtlien "p on behalft af-te cieuit 'stewards, and said that he was indeed' veryglad to see emeha representative gathering: resent,.for it was.proof ob to esteem in -which their two departing ministers were held. 'There tias no need ,for hibm to say mnahare ppecting'the wtlk of those t?d.gentlmen. itf .wasa.faoot thatEMr. Stewart,.mho was their' superintendent, "! had been In labours more' abundant." (A tplse.) Me lead: " wosked' like a nlgger."' aughten) TIhemorehe (Mr. Roa) saw and knew of M Sr:ftewart, the more hes liked 'i .wt: -,2 t"di aee' `Doriog -thast. gentlemwans :.ojuown's t'he Gharoh h .a a visit- fom .the Rev. 'T.'.Csok, and the, membership had beenlarge ly.?deasd. ;Mr.t Stewart 'had 'pai s hi a of. attent ttoaito Ahe eounot ea ad d 'when ?' wasi remembered that there ?tvee sixteen or seventeens of them tn the..dircuit, it might be depended upon that-the detail work in con-' secjlonn ereivlth ahsasn ieneethan many' tod t * Joale btonm 6.. :Be Usesspoke In h? res of Ma. 'Stewart, amd, alluding toi the ... 'F .:BThurlow, ihe .said that that galem_ ss!ih otteetisbee altdedto'b'elelndl'his? eas e.,A?g-raud itld fedll? e and2ertinly itbt t?rm. was most .opplic-bls ' (Loud ap plaee) -;On .behalf of the amembers andad herentetthe Ellenbeeongh?.tseet. Chgcch he -had .to a ""'Good-bye"' o"'di ht'Mrs. Stewartad to Mr. aad"Mr..:Thsclod , An 'ha would'akd, "'ood bless them." ,' Mr.- .!NflS ws, sen., Soke on haltfothe E ottp ar .b o:br . bss a id i n i i n as' 'wat'lead :been eppi. e)-,s!d btt h reld thitiobonld'is (Wea j lThe dSer.$tP. .'lhbrlow, he iosediim. er, bear.) r? M lly V L..ssberg pleing the aoooipisil iiLn,." ,.? ?? , bos,' as + etateudet 6t the Sy u-soal : said ta betaltf d ,the .b.rlow. reral o , , ,ln 'Stewart :had ?men mtacl'e?lle school. ' 'H??T rquep?vir t whenheeinas'eý l din, thos preent salty felt Y ripohh by. his titten?eaei Taeche bblaa l' sent. aikeadalthoonghBy4plreclettlhe f;touls mightesetigoithbi £grlsts,' p -,ie soenoluel, he' sd; - c beh"if 'fle iteaohpmaod.sthoiaos, to "G' oGeobyflbtathee mihisiticsi, sadtoebL5sted that (Io6sVeen ulIbsu 'tb~eeii'au tb e. ' SBA.' al. akl. fo'lrto the let! moa resoherr, .s',heeebsendategresttedto'hesetuoely"Vare e' to t he .!,o s tre wheo hod lahoureE themthey. p ayLý;OlafttJo would goth th ee sndabndan flyblessetheir work in thefuture. ,¶%VDnwecd,s 'Go ld Seldiers?, cires sob-f oho a n"Utas ip ofJ ,ML.Evaoej tll. lis, a'glieyerga,,andwas ýAthei estagoe of edsdng e?est wrethpnded ed d'1e n"beedaice, adthose' pseam iebaozyed iflomhbpt'e sstial t.' ' Ssolo hgvigbn, sl bit Mr. W- 9f5l,, I Sheýeyv., J4. .tld thai the egf?enese leak.'e'd n the Chrtersowe. rs apyketetqnti 'seeks aest one li dlheeolony: Thefmecgg': ni?ed itht t the Ohmroh'sith tie' Towers dead arrivest. that stage bnits blistory when ebrer must he dlaced in, barge of ,it one f Abe, stronges amen that theyas.? . 4,Appas) .heareasamo oiroP itd a sid?.ot Ipwict h (Ro-' ban? steo~gpoted) thateouldtaslleompsete~i the Cha?eras Towers cneaitlhe a field of laeIomr for the iev.. B Stewart. Wihe Rev..T. B. Thurloses yppointment. ,too,was an honourabhle one, pad she 'Cdnfpe W ilst, peihas, givingoiaV, 4ad also- ceneed an' hosour it appointing their departing oginisters to the circuits where they were going. One of tliu brightest lessens they eold ,get from that tarpwell-et?g- was that thly awoold hayp an intirest 'in Ile-far-away Northtend in Stan thorpe, and the Methodists in 0those places would have an ieterest in Ipswith. (Applause.) Undoubtedly there was a serionaess in that farewell which ?L?eld be an inpentire to better and nobler work. (Applsause. . A solo by tides Milly Von Laesberg was deservedly appisadeld. - The Rev. T. B. lansow, on rissegto speak, was accorded a ware reception. Hetaid that the meeting was easetinly a very pleating one, in that it was gratif?yig to see such alarge and representative eongeagetion. He eoultd not say that the meeting was altogether a hap?y one to him. Truly it was ihBappy in a sense beause of the presence of those before him, because of their heartiness, and heeause of what he delt to be the good-will that they had towards ?nm. (Applause.) The meeting was a very sens one, for it brought many feelings to him--lael ings of fatsile and of reget that he had net been able to do all that he waould like to base done. He must say a word of praise of the peoplet whom he had methere. The two yers be had been in Ipswich had bees a happy time for him. They might depend upon it that he would not forget IpswiCh-(a ppsa)-nor the pele of Ipswich. He onsidered that in Ips wFeh there was the best plece of Methodism that he had- seen in the colony. He had not been in any circuit where there was a finer body of officers in coaenection with the Church than in this town. He regretted to leave such a loyal people. Be would pray for them, and be had one request to make of them. and that was that they would pragy for him, In conclusion, he had to thank them for the manifestation of their apprecia tion of his services, and be trusted that God would make Ipswich a blessed place, and that the future ministers would have a blessed time. (Applause.) At the request of the Rev. R. STEWAST, who was then asked to speak, all present joined in that well-knmown hymn "When I Survey the Wonderous Cross." The Rev. I. SrTwsrEesaid that, as the hour was getting late, he would reserve his speech until he returned fromthe Towers. (Laughter.) However, he wished to say that he was thank ful to them all. He could think that better than he could say it. He was grateful- more grateful, perhaps, than ever he had said ateflicial or other meetings-to the brethren who had taken their .sbare, and oftimes eore than their share, of the grand work which had been done in the circuit. He was also thankful to his colleagues, the local preachers, the ladles, and the press. He had been kindly disposed to the latter, especially the Queensland fimes, to which paper he was grateful for the wa in whichtth a stood by what was right and true, and for 'the help that it had given, not only to their Church, but to the work of all the Churches in -town. (Applause.) He thought thatithe people should not forget those who helped torwash?ithe cause of Jesus Christ. With regari to his 'work, he left that where he left himself-at the feet of the SBaviour. If he were beginning histhree years' work in Ipswich again, he would doas he had done. He had done evetything in the sight of God. I? ference 'ha been tinade to his appointment to Charters Towers. He might say that the morning 'after his appointment to that circuit ,he recetied a wire from the circuit steward there eonratulating him thereon, and stating ithat a'hear# welcome was awaiting him there. (Applause.) Now,,respecting Ipswich : God expectetlgreat things from the people in that district, and he (Mr.'Stewart) would like them all to fedl'their individual sense of responsibility in the great work of God, which could not be done as ,it ought to :be unless each one did his or her 1part. Two or three things they should remember. They should be filled with a sense of the importance of the work of the salvation of immortal souls. They should 'fully .recognise the source from which thepower to work in this cause came. It came not through socials, ceremonials, or preaching. They must go behind those things, and obtain from'Geol the'life-the Holy Ghost alone would enable them :to do. this grand work sucoess fully. Further, they should be seized with a. sense of the?need of the baptismof on secretion. He might say, regarding all, that they could 'do.more for God than 'they have done. *They could depend upon 'it that the enemy was abroad in armour and with-sword sharpened, so that if they were to do o?d's wofk they most be earhest in the molatter. 'Let there" be a' consecrated head, heart, and purse-in fact, let them be fully i consecrated, acd then God's work would be, well done. In co??lusion, he commended them r to the.grae of God :and to the guidance of Hit Spirit, and heprayedthat they might increase. ,in eod wotis yet more and more. He would ask-themn torenmember those who were coming. to labour amongst,them, and to extend to them their love adt sympathy for the work's sake. An anithe ..was then sung by the Noath Ipsii nVeeleyan choir, after whiic the aediencejoised in singing the doxology, andi the pronouncing of the benediction terminated theproceedings. . aaP0 889 - ' 