? CARROLL O'DONOGHUE- CHAPTER XX. It was only a street accident overturning of a gig driven tandem, and the dashing away of the frightened horees. with the broken vehicle. The owner of the turn-out had singularly escaped, owing to his presence of mihd i and his swiftness in jumping; but a little street Arab had fallen under the feet of the horses, and he seemed to be severely hurt. TSghe a Vohr, passing at the time, had witnessed the whole of the accident, and to was the first to lift the little prostrate form. The boy was not insensible, but the wound in his bead, from which the blood was flowing profusely, and the death-like colour of his face, bespoke no light injury. " I have no home, but don't let them take me to the hospital," he whispered, striving tx> smile at the friendly face above him ; and Tighe, touched to the heart by the gentle, mournful look in the soft, dark eyes, and the pleading in the faint voice, was puzzled how to grant the boy's request. He was not long, however, in having one of his sudden, bright thoughts. Corny O'Toole's bachelor apartment was in the next street—a few seconds' walk would bring him there; and, without pausing to think what Corny's opinion on the subject might be, or what kind of a welcome the latter might accord the injured stranger, he resolved to bear his burden thence, trusting to his ingenuity for mollifying the old man's temper should it be unpleasantly aroused. " Back," lie cried to the crowd now pressing about him, " lave the way!" —speaking angrily to some of the foremost, who with impertinent curiosity were thrusting themselves in his face. His sturdy demeanour showed that he would enforce his order, and the crowd miade a 'passage fort Mm, dropping sundry remarks as he went. " The craythur! it must be his brother; an' a purty gossoon he is! The Lord betune us an' haxrum, but it's little we know from one day to another what'll overtake us." Tighe, paying little attention to the observations, hurried on with his bur-, den, Shaun closely following him. Mr. O'Toole had the same lock, and bolt, and spike to attend to when Tighe knocked at the door a&^on^tae, occasion of the Matter's prevA«us Visit 1 ;. but Tlghe'a voice pleading for speedy admission seemed to Mstten the little man's movements. . "I'm afeerd he's killed, Corny—the beautiful little lad !" began Tighe, the moment the door was fairly opened, and he brushed by the astounded Mr. O'Toole to the bed which stood in a curtained corner of the room. Placing his burden gently upon it, he continued: •• There was no other place to take him, Corny, an' I moinded how me mother used to tell o' yer tinder heart for the poor an' the distressed, so I med up me moind to bririg him here, an' we 11 nurse him, Corny, you an' me, till he gets well." ^ . _ _ . That allusion to Mrs. Carmody struck home, as thfe sly Tighe a Vohr knew it would do/ Mr. O'Toole was by the bedside in a moment . , " Get me some wather," said Tigne, " an' we'll , wash this cut the first thing —see how deep it is; an' mebbe we could get Wm. well agin without havm recoorse to a docthor; for docthors. bad luck to thim ! are only a dissectra set that'll take yer money while you re livin' an' yer body Whin you're dead. Corny was obedient to all the directions!. looking oil with a sort of stupid wonder at the skill and quickness with which .Tighe attended to the patient. The tender-hearted fellow's hand was as gentle asa womante. and the patient little, sufferer: ev|ncedbis gratitude by a frequent effort to. smile. , The cut was not; so deep as Tighe had feared. and by the' tMe it was carefully washed, and the soft, thick, curling hair cropped-from about it, it seemed to need no more than a simple bandage. The boy lay back on the pillow with a sigh of relief, and closed his eyes ; indeed,' fatigtfe, more than pain, seejned to distress him; and Tighe drew the curtains, and motioning Corny to follow him, stole to a distant part of the, room. - " I don't know one thing about him, Horny," explataed-Tighe, ini a whisper, only I saw the horses dash him under 1 heir feet, and I was frightened entirely ; then when t lifted him, it went to my heart tlie way he told me that he had no liome, and the look with which he- asked me not to let them take him to W & r m . " That's the whole of won't my mother be pleased when I - tell - her-of your oble goodness jthis day !" ; ; 1 ' " Ps&w; r said the little m'aii, trying • o coyer by affeieted indifference the glow ' Of pleasure flito' \vhicfi lie Was' thrown by the last words. " A few days' rest," continued Tighe, " will make him all right; and now, Corny, I have a word to tell you about myself." i • - ; Mr. O'Toole drew his chair closer, and very affectionately patted Shaun, who Was sitting gravely between them. The allusion to Mrs. Carmody had made him well disposed to -take an active interest in everything pertaining to Tighe a Vohr. Tighe continued, still 5n a whisper : " The young master is so strictly guarded that not one at nll'll be let to see,him, and Fr. Meagher and the young ladies had to go back to Dhrornmacohol yesterday the same as they came, without one sight of him. Well, Mr. Garfield " " The quartermaster that I wrote the letter to in the Widow Moore's name T interrupted Mr. O'Toole. " The very same, Corny ; and right well your letter was received ; he doesn't believe to this day that there's a bit of a joke iu the matter, and what with his own insisting oh being where the widow is, and following her like a ghost, he's the sport of the town ; and she hates the sight of him as the devil hates holy water. Oh, but I'm told it's a sight to behold her freezing looks at him, and the cold shoulder she gives him every way, and he, poor omadhaun, thinks it's all right, because we told him so in the letter. You mind the contents of the letter. Corny ?" " I do," said Mr. O'Toole, with a 1 glow of pride. " Well," resumed Tighe, "lier brother Jack isn't a whit better than herself ; he's down on the poor fool of a quartermaster, too, and lie's been trying to make all sorts of sport of him. He succeeded in making him bet himself, and get the bets of his friends, on a horse that has the trick of going lame when there's to be a race; and now for this race that's coming off in a week or so, poor Garfield hasn't a horse nor a rider, and he'll be out a hundred pounds or so ; besides being the means of his friends losing, also. Are you taking it all in, Corny ?" " I am," answered that gentleman, with a very solemn air. " Well, when I heard that, and heard, too, that the master's friends wouldn't get nigh nor near him, and also that the master himself will be kept here a month, I just went to work thinking— hard thinking. Corny."- i • Tighe paused; and looked sharply into his listener's face, as . if to tjuestitta what the latter's surmise would be regarding the result of his severe cogitations. Mr. O'Toole, by way of answer, spread his hands firmly upon his knees, bent his body forward, and looked as sharply into Tighe's face, his look expressing : S! • •.'. " What did you think ?" " My thinking came to this, Corny : that if I could find another horse and a rider for Mr. Garfield, in his gratitude he might find a way for us all to get seeing the master." "Timothy Carmody, I'm proujl of you!" the little man stood up, and shook Tighe's hand; " you are yoflr mothers .own -son, and you .deserve to be Timothy O'Toole." / : He bad forgotten in'liis eagerness his previous whispered tones, and had spoken aloud; but Tighe pointed to the bed, and put his finger on his lip, and Mr. O'Toole, haying wiped his face and given a careful twist, to . his sidelocks, sat down. " It was easy enough to think so fat, resumed Tighe;'.tirihiging his. mouth in close proximity tb; Corny's ear,." biit it was the devil'-S own job to think where : I'd get the horse: I used to be a good hand at contriving to get them some way for our own. races, -before .. the master waV transported; «nd rm thinking now I'll have to do what I used to do then—tafce .the .lend qf a horse without asking the owner's leave, and hold myself-'prepared to be a martyr for the'^sequences.' "But how will you take the time to race, cugagcu an v.. —- - zr-gr-,- said Corny; pointing significantly to Tighe's dress.,-. „ . • 1.. tv.,'- ii' " Leave mealonefor that," answered Tighe a Vohr; " Shaun here "—affectionately placing his hand on the dog- " was the means of managing it for me. Faith, I don't know what I'd do at all without Shaun T—turning •,a look expressive of the fondest regard on the scraggy animal. " I spoke to .Captain Dennier this very morning about leaving his servicc. He was the surprisedest man ever you seen, Corny., * Leave me!' he says ; ' what for ? Aren't you treated well.?% v.? j- -< t " rr> - "' I am. ybur honour,' gays!; 'better treatment! Gouldn't-wish for,;, and if it was resting with myself, I'd be content to stay with your honour • always.' : v * "'Well, what Is the trouble?' lie asked then ; ' tell Ine. plainly, Tighe.' " TMn, Comy, I pretended to be awful shy, and to be sort of distressed like; and to restore my confidence, and to make me feel easy before Mm, he bid-me take a seat, and he took one himself, and he says : "' You know, Tighe, I promised Captain Crawford to provide for you, and I'd like to keep my word ; besides, I'm pleased with you, and I'd like you to "' I would, your honour,' I answered, but tlie life in the barracks doesn't uit Shaun at all.' " Oh, Tighe," interrupted Mr. 'Toole, " you didn't say that!" " the devil a lie in it, Corny; I said that with as sober a face as I have this minute, and I went on, while the captain sat bolt upright in his chair, and' looked at me as if he thought I had lost my senses : 'Shaun,' says I, ' i» a delicate dog, and what with the confinement of the barracks, and the exciting sight of the soldiers, he's getting 1 thin and' worrisome. He was always used to the country, and. to plenty of liberty, and Til have to go away with him for a few days.' ".Then the captain says: ' Well, Tiglie, if I give you leave of absence for. a week, would not that recruit your doj ?' "'No.' says I, thinking of the race ; ' nothing less than two weeks would do— Sliaun's strength is run down, and he requires particular treatment.' "' Well, take the two weeks,' says he. So here I am. Corny, with two weeks' holiday before me, and a good, easy place at vny back.' There was a faint call from the curtained cornei-. Both Tighe and Corny were instantly at the bedside. " Where am I ?" The dark eyes were opened wide in wondering surprise, and the head half lifted from the pillow. " Oh, I mind it all now "—as Tighe's sympathetic face appeared in the opening of the curtains ; " I was knocked down by the horses, and you picked me up and brought me here;" and the most ravishing smile that Tighe thought he had ever seen played on the perfect features. " Don't be trying to talk," said Tighe, softly, "for if you'll be quiet, you'll be well iu no time. Lie down, now "— ;is the boy endeavoured to rise to a sitting posture—"and Corny here'll make you a cup of tea—the real weed, That he keeps in his: owu private canister;' Won't yotfKCorny J '"Eo be sure I will." answered Corny, • immediately beginning to bustle about the uecessary preparations. " Let me tell you," pleaded the boy, catching one of Tighe's hands in his fevered grasp, " you look so kind that you bring my heart back to Cathleen. It won't hurt me"—as Tighe doubtfully shook his head—" I'll not say very much ; and—oh !" with a cry of terror, and a. spring that brought him to an upright posture—" what did I do with it-have I lost it ?" He searched his bosom wildly. It came forth at last, a piece of folded paper, and with a sigh of intense relief he caught it fast in his hand, and threw himself back exhausted on his pillow. Tighe would have drawn the curtains and left him, but the little fevered hand again "•rasped him. " Stay," whispered the boy, " I shall be better in a moment, and I can tell you." He did rally, and Tighe was forced to hear him. , ... "T am to take this paper "—holding m> the letter—" to Dhrommacohol, and •yive it to someone there that they call Rick of the Hills." Tighe no longer bade the boy desist.; he was listening now with most eager attention. . , , " Mr Carter gave it to me to take. He was stopping at Hoolalian's, where I had my meals and a lodging yesterday and my breakfast this morning. He wanted this note to be taken by hand, for he' was afraid if he sent it bv post, it wouldn't reach Rick of the Hills by reason of the latter not being alwavs in the one house. He gave me directions if I didn't find him at once to go to two or three other places. One of the women in Mr. Hoolahan s told, him I could be trusted, Mid he was so anxious to have the note go quick that he bade me start at once , and now what'll I do if I'm not able to take it ?" He looked with touching anxiety into Tighe's face. " I am going down to Dhrommacohol this very day," answered Tighea Vohr " and I know -Riclc of the Hills, and if you'll trust me,; FH take it to Trust .you." the boy said, "after what you have done for me ! 111 trust "ol and Til -be happy to know that the message went, andthat Mr. Carter won't,be disappointed." He gave tfce paper into 'Tighe's eager hand, and continued : " up in Ballygarry, where I live, everybody was kind to me, fliostly, I thinS, because I was an orphan ; I had a home with one and the other of them, and a bit of schooling once in a while; but the kindest of all to me was Cathleen Kelly. She taught me to read and write, and she told me such beautiful things about God and His blessed mother that I used to think she must have been in Heaven herself to know so much,of them. She lived with her aunt and her cousin, a young mau as kind- hearted as herself ; but he went away to join the boys when the news of the rising came, and not very long after a letter came from a priest to say that he waB deadhe had been shot in some fight with the soldiers.- Oh, then was the time of grief for Cathleen and her poor old aunt, for she was the young man's mother. Their hearts seemed to be breaking, and once in a while I'd hear a word dropped that told me how they were aching to know more particulars of his death ; and then it got into my head that if the priest who wrote the letter, and who said in the letter how he was present at the death-bed of William Kelly, could come to see them it would console them entirely. I did say to Cathleen that she and her aunt ought to make a journey to see the priest, but there seemed to be some queer thing hanging over it all, as if there was a secret reason to prevent the journey. When I saw that, I made up my mind to make a journey myself to this priest unknown to anyone. Quite careless-like, I got out of Cathleen the name of the priest, and the place he was in, and the way one might take to get to him. and I started, sometimes begging my way, and sometimes earning it I only got here yesterday, and I happened on Hoolahan's place to beg a meal. One of the women there was very kind to me ; she gave me a lodging and fine meals, and I told her where I was bound for, but I didn't tell her my business. That was yesterday evening, and this morning she came running in to me when I was at breakfast, saying that there was a gentleman outside who wanted a message carried to a place that I'd have to pass through on my way to see Fr. O'Connor." " Fr. O'Connor !" interrupted Tighe, his face and attitude expressing his thrilling interest in the artlessly-told tale. " Yes ; do you know him V questioned the boy. . , ; " I have seen him," answered Tighe, evasively, not knowing how prudent it might be for him to say more until he had heard the conclusion of the story. " Well, I went out to see the gentleman, and he seemed pleased with my looks, for he gave me the note at once, and said to me what I told you before. And now I'll rest." He was very tired ; not even the tea which Corny had more neatly prepared than would have been deemed possible from his slovenly surroundings, and of which the injured boy largely partook, seemed able to delay even for a moment the lethargy into which he sunk. Judging rightly that repose would benefit him most, Tighe partially closed the curtains again, and left the bedside. He motioned to Corny. " They say all's fair in love and war," he whispered, " and as I'm at war with old Carter there can't be any harm in reading this." He opened the paper and put it into Corny's band. The latter seemed to take a similar view of the case, for -without hesitation he softly read: " Rick,—I have decided to go to Dublin. and the sooner I go the better it'll be for my own Interests. I promised Ned Maloney a fortnight ago that rd be down there in time to bring his horse, • Charmer' up Mere for the race that's coining off next week; but I can't do that now. He'll have to bring the horse up himself. Show Aim tbis note, and tell him to have no fear. - Joe Canty is booked to ride him, and it will be time enough to have the horse in Blenner's stable the day before the race. Tell Mm the stakes are all right, and that we have heavy backers. Arid do you, Rick, keep sober, and when I return, be prepared to do what l told, you.—Yours, "MORTIMER CARTER." {To bo continued") Mkn OHLY.—THero are oooaslons fa wliento is "particularly Mixloni about Mi appearance, the doo'r. 