FAREWELL OF THE REV. CHARLES CLARK. "GOD BLESS US, EVEBY ONE." " A splendid lecture" was the verdict of the very large crowd that gathered in the Town Hall on Tuesday eveningtolisten, for probably the last time, to the liev. Charles Clark. Siis Excellency the Governor, Lady Victoria Buxton, Miss Mabel Buxton, Sir. Harold Buxton, Captain Guiae, and Captain Wallington were present. The lecturer's subject was Dickens's delightful little tale with a moral, his " Christmas Caroland the touching story, with its blended pathos and humour, and its beautiful studies of human nature, was unfolded to his hearers by the gifted man who faced them in a manner they had never before heard excelled, and had wonderful force and charm given to it. Scrooge's adventures were followed throughout with the greatest of interest—Marley and Mariey's ghost, and "Sir Roger," and "Tiny Tim : ' and his father, "Bob Cratchit," and the plump 6ister, and " Topper" were greeted as old friends. All the humour was brought to the front by a master hand. The pathos was brought out with the acme of skill, and many must have felt that had they been the writer of the capital httle tale they could never wish a better exponent. After the recital, a series of limelight views illustrating various episodes of the stcry were presented on the screen. When the lights were turned up, Mr. Clark advanced to the front of the platform, and in a voice affected by suppressed emotion said: — "I must confess that at intervals during this evening the moment at which I have now arrived has suggested itself to me, and' has been as a sort of shadow stealing over mv .spirit, when on ordinary occasions I would have been in a mood of joyous hilarity. 1 have to thank you all, as representing many of my Adelaide friends — some perhaps "not present to-night—for all their constant and kindly support of me and of my lectures. It is now some sis and twenty years since I first came to Adelaide, and I made some friends then who have remained my constant and gracious friends unto this hour. I pray that every prosperity mav attend them and yourselves, aud according to the terms of Tiny Tim's benediction, may 'God bless us, everyone. 3 " (Loud cheers.) 