THE GHOSTS OE CLOTHES. Mr. J.N. Mnskelyne, the conjurer, relates sum i of his experit-nces to a writer in the 44 English Illustrated Magnzi»o *' “ Apart from mere objective illusion,’’ ho says, “ appar itions exist only in mitgina'ion. The gr»*»t proof of this is the <pu s*lion of clot hes. If sp rits appeared like some t»f the ‘living pic tures,’ apparently in the nude, one might be in clined to believe in their reality. I boliuve I was the first to suggest this objection, about 30 years ago. I was 1 avmg a discussion with Air. Benjamin Coleman, s unamed, ‘ The rather of English (Spiritualists,* a very nice, amiable, aim credulous old gentleman. He was describing a senuce. ho hud attended and where u lady saw the spirit of In r grandfather. ^hc had m.ver seen him in eirlh- i‘<\ but rocogni-ed him fiom h painting. The s bit appeared in periwig knee- breeches, am a .wreon coat with gilt but tons. ‘ Then,’ sain I, * this lady not only sav the spitit of her grandfather. hut also tin spirit of his green coat and gilt buttons ! * Mr Coleman looked at mu with rather a puzzled ex pression. I continued : • Do you really believ? that there is such a thing an the spirit of a coat:' 4 No.* said he, • 1 rnn’t think that, and I cati'l account for the appearance of the clothes, buti! will ask the spirits.’ The old gentleman loll me afterwards that he had consulted * Kale* King * upon the subject. Katey King, as ,vo> may remember, was a very popular spirit at Ilia; time, so much so that she was frequently know.) to have uppeared at several seances at the sativ. moment. (She was nl>o the spirit who was sab to have carried Mrs. Cuppy from Ball's Ron«l to bamb’s. Conduit-street, and it wns the ex posure of this * spirit ’ which sent poor Robert Dale Owen to a lunatic asylum. Wt U, Kabp King shirked Mr. I’olenian’s question for somJ time, but he persisted in having an answer, ami at hist she replied, ' Why, of course, wr materialise the clothes out of particles in the atmosphere.’ This was a perfectly satisfactory explanation to the Spiriluihsla," but- even the*' most ciedulous numbers of the Society for Psychical Research cannot at present believe’ in the ghost of u pair of breeches. If they' could, they would at once accept every niglU nmre story hs a spiritual visitation. That cun ning old impostor, Mdme. Blnvatsky, tried to bridge over this difficulty by inventing the theory that there is an * nst ml body’ or counter part to evor\tiling in existence and everything that hns existed. Fo them must, be an astral scu-serpent, nnastial big goosebrrry—in fact, an astral world and a astral universe.** 