WESLEVAN ANNIVERSARY AT SASSAFRAS. The twentieth anniversary of tho Sassa fras Wealoynn Sunday school was oolo- bnitcd on Sunday. Tho ehureh was nicely tilled In thu morning, ill the afternoon it was crowded, and in tho evening accom modation could nob ho found for all those who came. Thu ailes were jinckcd, and many had to bo contented with standing outside. Thero were a number presont from Latrobu, Barrington, Dovonport, Don, and other districts. Tlio collec tions for the day amounted to £8 8s, being in excess of those for either of the two previous years, Tho Rov A, F. \\\ lute preached fit each service. In the morning tho subject was "The phenomena of growth, taken from Murk iv, 2(»Hi and 2ffth verses. Ho dealt first with the greatfdissimilarity between the parable of the loxt and the parables of the wheat and tares and the sower and tho seed, the former parable being to illustrate tho inherent power of growth. First, the mystery of growth in thu natural world ; secondly, tho mystery of growth in tho seed called the kingdom of God ; third, the seed's wonderful power of spontaneity; and, fourthly, tho progressivonuss of thu growth of the seed. These principles were applied to the present special occa sion, the children representing tho phenomena of growth. In the afternoon thu whole of the service was devoted to thu children, the subject chosuit for t he address being "Tlio little minister." The prizes won wuru distributed, and a now feature of thu service was that thu children repeated thu whole of thu lesson with tho minister. Matthew, 4th chapter, 4th verse. 44 Man shall not livu by bread alone." Tho ad dress was opened by a reference tn tlio "deeds that won tho Empire," such as Trafalgar find Balaclava. There had liuun greater spiritual victories than any of these. As Tertiillian had said, tho blood of tlio martyrs was the seed of the Church. Tho greatest spiritual victory acliiuvcd was the triumph of Christ over the adversary of men. Had Christ yielded Ilo would have thrown iiimsolf out of thu pale of humanity as the Son of Man. lie would no longer have been bono of our bono or flesh of our flush, bail Ho exercised divine action on His own behalf. Three magnificent truths were revealed by the text. First, mail had two natures— a matrcial and a spiritual. The preacher took tho oppor tunity of refuting tho doctrine of Ma terialism, though ho might join issue with tho teaching of evolution as to the physi cal development of man. Evolution of itself could never produce the spiritual. The doctrine of physical evolution did not contradict tho Mosaio record as regards thu caso of tho physical aspect of num. Secondly, it was utiphilosophio to minister to tho wants of thoAimturial at thu expense of the spiritual. Some men so ministered to tho material hy tho acquirement of money, lands, A'c, that they reduced tho spiritual to such microscopic dimensions that tho soul could comfortably dance on a needle's point. Thirdly, it was philosophical to minister to tho wants of the spiritual oven at tho expense of tho natural. The de light of the spiritual was based on thu word of God, and did not consist of meat and drink, hut righteousness, peace, and joy in tho Holy Ghost. That righteous- 1 1 ess was on tho basis of relationship with God. Pence was on tho same basis, the relationship bringing its own harmony and joy. which was thu fulfilment of tho will of God. 