THURSDAY, JANUARY 30S, 1896. The second reading of the Federal Enabling Bill was carried in the Legis- lative Council by a unanimous vote. This is as it should be. It is a sufficient answer to all the silly aspersions that the Council is really opposed to the creation of a united Australia and has a secret desire to wreck the measure. All patriots must be anxious to perfect the arrangements, so as to guard against a breakdown later on, and this is the anxiety of the Council. The differences of opinion that obtain are the differences of opinion among friends whose common object is to ascertain and to take the best course, and where there is honest thought there must be these collisions. The proposal that the Parliament should elect the delegates was really put out of court by the consideration that it would imperil the all-ne- cessary Australian accord, and it was practically, withdrawn, only ten members voting for it. The proviso which has been adopted, that the can- didates shall deposit £50, as do candidates for seats in the Legislative Assembly, the money to be forfeited unless a decent number of votes are polled, cannot reasonably be objected to. The object is to stop, or at any rate to lessen, a rush of cranks, notoriety hunters, and of needy and seedy seekers for Legis- lative employment at £3 per diem, whose presence in shoals might render the whole proceedings ridiculous. Even municipal candidates, as Mr. ABBOTT pointed out, have to deposit a sum in proof of their bona fides, and why should the rule be relaxed in this instance? The question whether the colony should constitute one electorate or should be subdivided into ten has been post- poned, and this is the most important issue now to be dealt with. Sub- division would be carried without a doubt were it not that certain members, chagrined at the loss of the proposal that the Legislature should elect, are now ready to resist all amendments. This may be human nature, but it is by no means wisdom. A plausible casa for tho singlo elec- torate can bo made out, and one which seoms to carry conviction with it to many minds, but tho question may bo put, is or is it nob a fact that the huge electorate system has boon condemned the whole world over, so that to-day it does not obtain in any placo ? Soldom is it in practical mattera that the whole world is wrong. Is there an instance of a convention being eloctod on this basis ? Suppose 200 can- didates aro nominated for the colony as a whole, how will any ordinnry elector scramble through this wilderness of names ? If tho towns seot thoir clique what will-bo tho prospect of the voting when the country electors, who havo lost by scattering their votes, como together on tho final Yes or No as regards tho proposed constitution 1 These oro somo of the considerations which lion, members have to discuss. The proposal which Mr. SARGEANT is to submit, that voting by post shall bo allowed, is evidently ono that will re- ceive strong support, and will deservo it, Mr. 'M'COLL had the approval of tho most thoughtful members of the Assembly when ho raised tho issue there, mid if the Council desires to try what would be a highly interesting experiment tho Assembly would scarcely block tho way. Air. EDWARD BLAKE is to deliver to- night in tho Town-hall a lecturo on "ilome Rule for Ireland," and as a member of tho Ilouse of Commons and a man of distinguished ability who lias had a brilliant political career in Canada, Mr. BLAKE may bo assured of a respectful hearing. But it is to bo hoped that ho will show to his Melbourne audience to-night a little moro intellectual respect than he thought it necessary to extend to his audience in Sydney last week. Lot him speak to the knowledge of his heavers, not to thoir ignorance. The Irish griovances with which Mr. BLAKE moved the sympathy and wrath of his Sydney audience was amcreprocession of ghosts. The smell of tho graveyard was over them nil. They have boen dead, most of them, for generations. Mr. BLAKE has apparently nover heard of tho dis- establishment of tho Irish Church, or of a dozen Irish Land Acts ; or ho imagines that his hearer, havo never heard of such- measures, and ho paints Ireland not as it is to-day but as it was generations ago. In Sydney, for example, Mr. BLAKE drew a picture of the unhappy Irish peasant paying out of his scanty pocket tho tithes for tho Protestant vicar ns well ns tho dues for his own priest ; and the picturo was drawn so as to convey the impression that this was one of tho present "wrongs of Ireland." Yet it is a quarter of a century ago sinco Mr. GLADSTONE . disestablished tho Irish Church, and, in the language of Mr. BLAKE'S own political leader, Mr. JUSTIN "I'CAH-HY, " pró " claimed that tho policy -of rc 1 " ligious ascendancy was banished for " ever from Ireland, and that the " reign of equality had begun." Mr. BLAKE moved his Sydney nudiciico almost to tears when ho told how Catholics in Ireland were "barred from " employment under tho governing i " bodies," and how, in a given set of I Irish counties, there wero only two Catholic grand jurors to 114 Protestant grand'jurors. B.ut Mr. BLAKE may bo exhorted to bring his knowledgo up to date. Lot him, if he is honest, tell his audience to-night, for instance, that out of 7Ö0 Irish magistrates appointed by Mi*. MORLEY 552 wero Catholics and 198 Protestants. Let him tell his audience, too, that tho politically oppressed Irish elector, ovor whoso wrongs wo aro required to wcop, has, as a matter of sovere fact, a greater voting i power and a larger sliaro in tho govern- ment of tho United Kingdom than tho I English elector, who so cruelly op I presses him. Ireland, with about the same population ' as London, bends up 10 moro niembois to Pal lia mont A cluster of Catholic boroughs, moieover, Uko Galway, Kilkenny, und _\owry, with a collective olectoruto of 0,000, send thteo members to Par iiaiuont, while Protestant Belfast, with _3,000 electois, only sends four ii eland, that is, is over ropioscnted m the Imperial Pillia munt and Homo liulois aro o\er lepiesented in Iieland And jet Mi BLIKI uistitíes Homo Itulo on the giound oi political " oppiession " ! 'I ho satire of facts, again, is very cruol on Mr Bl AEE s assertion tint IIomeKulo has ptoducod amongst Irish politicians themselves "apreater degree of unity " of action and snboidinatiou of indi "viduals" than political hfo usually witnosses Such a statement almost takes one's breath aw ay As amattei of fact, tho history of the Uomo Hub party is ono long cataloguoofbittcranimosit.es, internal dissensions, wrangling, and bquabbhng At tho piesent moment tho lush mountain is lent by a new \olcanic uphea\al, and now, to qtioto the l>])titalm, ollets to wondoung mankind tho spectacle of "tliicocono8,on thotopof " which sit Mr HIDMOND, Mr DILION, "and Mr HiVLi- glaring across tho "fille) s at ono anothei " Wien Mi BL\M again tells his Austtalian audiences that Irishmen carry a heaviei burden of to\ntion than Lnglishmon he may bo tcnunded that this is a Hiclit ot puto fiction Uiittot tho Act of Union iel tain pit) incuts wero airinged between the J n.dish and Irish 'lieasiuics , when in 1i>17 tho Jicisiiucs wcio atnalga mated ] rehuid it was lound had paid tlj,000,ÜOO I, « than wis duo bj it undei the a_;ie< mont Pot hans tho terms of union weio unf in but a dobtoi can Imdlj bowion^cd bv obligations hollis novel disthai^ d Hie taxation of to tlaj is, if n i j thm.; in favour of J uland except pciImps at tho point ot excisn wheio the lush peasant tuxes himself inoie, b\ tbinking inoio whisl y than the ] owlish peas ml But it is on the sub|cct of tho lush land laws that Mi Bl \KI S knowledge oi lhotouc, is most hopulcssl) in ni i eai s Jlc can onlj desnibo the gnat uindait« which havo boon passed is " mailcqiiato " meisuies " passed out of mero tonoi bj tho House of Commons, mid " niuti " lated " in cold Bolhshncss by tho House of Lords And jot tho Irish tenant is tho spoiled child of tho oni.mo au far as land legislation gooa, ho enjoys privileges which no other tenant throughout tho ompiro possesses. Tho Land Act of 1SS7, for example, can- celled 100,000 Irish leases at ono stroke, and gavo the tenants tho right of appeal to tho Land Court for a reduc- tion of their rent. Under the existing irish land laws the landlord can ¡ only demand such rent as tho Land . Court permits. Arbitrary oviction is impossible The tenant has a proprie- tary interest in his-improvements. If dispossessed for non-payment of rent ho can soil his interest to tho highest biddor, and is allowed after oviction six months within which ho may redeem his holding. If Mr. BLAKE is honest he will toll his hearers to night that, no Victorian tonant enjoys half tho logal privileges an Irish tenant pos- sesses. Under Loul ASHBOURNE'S act, again, tho stato provides tho funds with which any Irish tonant may buy tho freehold of his farm, tho repay- ments being spread over <10 years ; and over £10,000,000 has been lont under this act to Irish tenants. Mr. BLAKE may bo invitod to-night to state exactly what it is which, under tho name of Homo Bulo, ho wants. Does lie want tho last purely Irish Assembly, " GUAT.AN'S Parliament," to bo lovivec!, and which passed on an average about one Coercion Act every six months of its short and ovil smolling lifo ? Does lie want " Homo " Bulo nil round "-separato domestic Parliaments, that is, for England. Ire- land, Scotland, and Wales, with ono Imperial Parliament above thom all ? This would be in effect a revival of the Heptarchy. There would bo five Par- liaments, live Cabinets, and livo separato systems of law and finance within the narrow limits of the United Kingdom. Or which of the twin impossibilities of Mr. GLADSTONE'S two hopelessly dead Homo Bulo bills does Mr. BLAKE want us to accept ? If the Irish members are excluded fiom tho Importai Parliament Ireland ia politically degraded. If, after managing their own affairs in Ireland, eighty Irish M.P.'s may march into Wostininster-hall and nut ko and unmako English Ministries, then we reach the absurdity that, while English- men must tako no part in governing Ireland, Irislnnon may govern England. Mr. BLAKE, indeed, classes this diffi- culty amongst " matters easily ar " ranged " ; but, of course, ho knows bettor. It is exactly on this rork Mr. (JLADSTONI: himself carno to hopeless wreck. Mr. BLAKE, lastly, may bo, advised, if ho respects the intelligence of his hearers, to omit to-night ( the usual absurd contention that j theso colonies would not endure what Ireland suffers. Geography, nfter all, is a factor in politics, and a community 12,000 miles distant from I London must havo a political system differentfromone, say, 300milc3 distant. But suppose Victoria were parted from England not by the Indian Ocean but by St. George's Channel, and wo had a full, not to say an excessive, representa- tion in tho English Parliament, and wero undor equal laws with all our fellow subjects- does anyono believe that wo should attira oursolves in imaginary grievances and wander about the world trying to porsuado mankind that wo wero nn oppressed community ? The mero sense of humour would bo fatal to such a performance. ïho Logtsl ttno Council «ill \oiy j likuly dial itiithor with the Insects Pests Bill thm neill In the discussion so f ii unaccountnblo hostility lin» linn shown to tho muibiuo l>\ tv»not tlnoo itiombeib «ho, «e in« pctsuaded aro liilliicncLd l>i mtsliil on idoir, and it ia lo bo hoped that ftnthci consider ition «ill show the «lbtlom of assenting to tho gi neial pio\ lsious In the lust plact, thu bill is urgent bojond nil question It JS niitttoi of eoimnon knowle i.o that an nnmonso propmtlon of fruit is, destiny eil i on tho trees bypinsitcs «Inch should bo kopt out of tho or hauls It is j ostini itul, indeed, tint tho npplo erop «ould bo at le ist twico tlio tjimntilv non "itliered but toi tho eodlin moth, and «lion it is lemembtietl Unit athci dihensos nlleet the piotltietivoucss of other finit ti ees tho loss of national ueilth will hu admitted to ho considei J able If «o ino to cain < n a piofitnblo uxpoit ti tdo in flints-i ud Victoria socms destined by nituio to hu ono of tho floatest buppluts of tho woild-«o must rocogmso tho unpoitaiicii of clean etiltmition lu tho main tho hoitioitl tuiibti "le ii,reed upon this joint, but as ni e\üi^ class thero mo ulway» roino persons «ho fail to realise thou obligations so among fruitgrowers thoio ure a numbul who «ill not tal o elloctne measiuos to keep then holdings fieo of disenso And so long as they mo neglect ful it is hopeless foi thoir noifjibouis to attempt to koop down tho posts Ono "duty' oichird «ill uifuet it region It is necessary, thorefoie, to enfoieo cleniilmesn by hw, and that is »lint the lull piopobea to do -»ccossitily the pro\ isions as to inspection anti the distinction of diseased ticos A.o aro diastic but it «ould avail nothing to nuil o thom less irl somo It sliould, how evu, ho found m tho piactical ndimnis trntion of thu act that tho o\troniopti«oi8 noed nover booxoieisod Bj and by all giowois ought to bo hi 011,5ht to i sonso of the adwuitiigo to thom of i\ weitend Ian in I thu mterosts of all, and tho moto fuel that tho act oMBt-s should bor\o thu object foi Milich it «as pnssod It is a good thing that tho M mist, i pioposos to miol o tho aid of local committees clcetod byfiuit gionuis in each distilet foi thobupuivision otthat piitietilar diatuct, and it should i nil} happen that a caso is found to bo too dilheult foi bueh committee to deal with I ho L\eeutuo is lo bo m the biel ground, ami that is its piopoi placo «hilo thu net is noil nu;smoothly 'J he annual "foundation Dnj" /iii, held in connection with the Australian Nulius' AasoLiution on Montis', hist, at the ]..hibi tujti, forms the aubject ot the two opening punis m ¡he AvtJtalaaian of this wak Ulhae btart ra art ripresentotl by portriiiiH of tlie prisaient (1 alma mid Co ), und al. kuti nil? OII1OIIIIH(1 oater and Murun) Incidents, a. stew of tilt ground, apotts, nnil pictures ni .IIB J-xcellinej und Lud) Umssc), with Mr (.torse lurntr lind Sir John M'Intirc in attendance, ure also Mun, na well na JI A Hour ililli winiiii oi the A N A Vi heel linei A lull account is added ut the histor. lind present position of the A N \ Moat inten Min;; ut nil hovvivir (tit tin two vu wa ot MelbomiH in is 0 mid IS Iii botli t »lien fioni tile BIUIIII I mil. of I lu i armm nrthe I mil lirat) IOUKIIIII 1 ) lohn 1 IIMOI 1 iwltni r Munn"' hie ni Wist Austriliii is illustrated li) it aeites ot tyvi Ive tiie.inyiii(,sof eli it leur istio vicwHitt I ile mi I ( onl. tr lu und district \ hw oí tin imiuts in Mr lohn Loh mau s, tuiiiotis 'Semi emu linnet, itoni photo urilpila hi I alum mid Co, 111 Swanston ] atriit will mryi lo t,ivi aotnc idiu ot it i Ktriiri(,e vvlniiisiuililv totliost «ho lum not jit-em it Amoii^it othtr ine,rivnit,a m lina \m "ttrnetivt mum me (lu hit I'riiitt llinrj ol }iii(tinl ir" mini v li jclt (Hums mid iht trotting,innri M. Kin) Jlmiiiltoniiiid \\\ eatcrn Histnet Lolltnt trielttl ttmn, tnlti ot |,ie,iititia pi nil ut Koil htiiiiplon, tilt wrccl.td church ut Kulin njen, tvui melun« ot child life by Mtiidtl-molm und \ und) ok, und weddiiiR portrmta ol Mr I Hun uni! MlaaYv millaa by ^midyck lind ](lelinrda mid Co , Ballarat In the aoelnl dcputtnient a full aeeount of the 1 lukin-\\\ nulles weddin« is given. The country edition can be ob- tained this morning. A sign of the-closing of the session was afforded in the, Legislative Council yesterday hy the discharge oí two measures from tilt» hotioe-paper- Ayia'AgiiouItimil Colleges Act Amendment tyill awl the Creinafion lilli. Mr. Connor explained that ho would endeavour to have the former bill passe'ri next session. The Federation Bill was further debated, and the second reading agreed to unanimously. In committee Mr. Melville proposed nn amendment to provide for the election of convention delegates by both IiouBPB of Parliament instead of by Assembly electors, but it was defeated by 25 votes to 10. A provision was, however, inserted at the Instance of Mr. C. J. Ham requiring a deposit of i'üO on behalf of euch candidate. The committee' cot through the bill by postponing several clauses, including the provisions as to one electorate mid the payment of delegates. In regard to the election, a proposal by Mr. Sargeant for voting through the post is to be discussed. Tho Sugar be-1 Hill afterwards received some consideration in committee, and the House, at .0 minutes to 11 o'clock-, adjourned until today. The Legislative Assembly had another comparatively uninteresting sitting yesterday, members showing no disposition to hurry on with the work, although it is intended to pro- rogue next week. The estimates of the Lands department were reported to the House, and agreed to after three or four hours had been occupied discussing the question of selectors' arrears of rents and the appoint- ment of rabbit inspectors. The estimates of the Public Works and Health departments were next dealt with, and were also agreed to. The House then went into committee to consider the estimates of the Customs de- partment, and Mr. Sangster made some serious charges against the Marine Board and its officers, saying they allowed vessels to leave this port in an un- seaworthy condition and overcrowded. He offered, if an opportunity were afforded him, to prove his statements " up to the hilt." The Commissioner of Customs promptly challenged him to do so by stating that he would appoint an inde- pendent board to inquire into the charges, and if Mr. Sangster substantiated them the board and its officers "would have to go." The member for Port Mel- bourne did not jump at the offer, excusing himself by asserting that there was a difficulty in getting witnesses, as the seamen who were here would probably be reluctant to give evidence against their employers, and others had left the colony. There was, however, a sworn declaration in his posses- sion made by the engineer of one of the vessels, and he would place that at the disposal of the Commissioner. The estimates were agreed to and pro- gress reported, but Mr. Salmon would not allow the report to be dealt with by the House, owing to the Commissioner making no statement as to the future distri- bution of fines inflicted in connection with Customs seizures. After Mr. Prendergast called attention to the alleged overcrowding of the Princess's Theatre, the House ad- journed at a quarter-past 11 p.m. till 2 p.m. today. I A\ hen the estimates of the f anda depart mint agreed tom committee were rtported to the Aastinbl) ) cater lay, Mr Graham nske 1 the Minister of Lunts to Rive the IIouBe tin assurance tlint in Mew of the crops having I een a failure, the Beleelors who were in arrtnra with their rents would not be trinttd with haislmeas by tin Government during Hu reeeas Mr Beat replu d that he hod ne \ t r treated am selector with harshness, mid he challenged any member to cito an uiatnnce He was moat anxious to nasiat tin atriiggling atloetora Mr Shiels augi'cateil that relict shoul 1 be ejven by reducing ihr iinmiiil rtntal from la to GI per acre I mid the peno 1 ot pn)inent be extended from 20 to 10 )i*nra Ile cnmintnikil to , the conaidi ration of Ministers the aehenu suggested b) Mr Harper hist )car for fund mi the £700 000 due hy selectora und limiting a i'tesli atari Mr Harper explained his pro posai, winch was that the sums due 1>> ac'ectors for rent ahould be ndvitnced by the Commissioners 'Savings liniik, und tlint that institution ahould bl repaid b) the selectora in Bunill annual instalments exttntlnig over 10, 15 or 20 )0iirs, with 1 per cent intercut ndded J his Bug gestion was reeuv d with npprovnl li) country inembtrs who stated tlint tin selectora would willm"l) pny interest on their irrcnra to avoid being hnriss.d b) the department Mr Ilnrper ulao pointed out that if his telieme w< re adopte 1 it would plaee mone) at Ilia disposal ol the Jreasiirer to pu) olT the lrutsury bonis Bold by the Shiels Government til lb 13 Hie Minister of Lin la admitted tlint tho edinue was a moat excellent one from a business standpoint, but in til« next breath Bought to thro» cold unter on it b) naserlin^ that if it were alopted und mi) selector fulled to make Ina piijim nts to the bunk with dut regularity tin re would be vvhoUsale evic tiona "No interjected Mr Ilnrper, that l8 an unfair uti) _f putting it, but he waa p.pyentid lrom further repijing lo the Munster, us he lin 1 previously nddresstd the House Continuing Ina rt murks Mr liest said that it the rent wies re dueed to ti I an acre it would result in a loss of iKnOOO n )enr in revenue, which would havt to be mude np b) fresh taxation '.sot at all,' ntortedMr Harper, ' if in) écheme is adopted the tneome tax will then be mallabie for the general revenu» Messrs Coutts, M L (J anti 0 Neill M L A i waitui on the Minister of Muna mid A\uter Supply jisterdn) and complained that the selectora und ftirniera on the upper part of the bi rpentitie und linlloek Creel a lind not sufficient water for their stock and domestic purposes whilst lower down the 8)sttm fumiers were uauig it for irrtuilnn purposes 'Hie agreement that n cerium amount of water was to be rt gular!) sent down for these consumers hail not been kept Mr 1 oater promised that ii fortnight a auppl) should be Bent down lrom the Loddon riservoir immediotel) Some strange allegations were made by a deputation which waited on Mr Pt acock, the Chipi Secretar), j esterduy in the mti reta of mornht) Mr /ox, M b A , introluetd the deputation, which comprised the lit v. A It Tdgiir, Miss Sutherland, and Miss Mu hi . It «as asserted that a large number of half wltted jouiift wornt n anti (.Iris an to be found about the streets ot Melbourne and suburbs who aro not fit to talc« care of themstlus These persons induce joung mm und bojs into vieiotis courses, and largely muietise the illtf,itimute hirth rate It was asked that un amendment of the bunao) Act should bo made so that auch fpi rsons could be plueed undir needful restraint Mr Pi acock said that «omen and e,irls with apparentlj liltlo moral nstramt «ere tinfortuuatilj numerous, but he certainly did not think they wiro (it objects for treatment undi r the lunac) law It the deputation would eonftr with Mr Miller, of the neglictid childrens department, and muhe Home praetieal suit gistions for a diminution of tin evil, the Cabinet wottl 1 e.iu iii nu veryeoubidenition In riftn nee to antill r ttn<,gtstum ot tin diputation Mr Pim r ck sind he would nuil i nullum s us to u lu therm SOUR ofllu h ri,ir watelilu mis womin wurdi ra muht not hi plncid ni eliur.u ot womin arnstid lor diunl i muss I Hu folk «nig are tin niumsofthi limpie | tor» ol nil I its iip|tintid I hi ii dntriels hive not vi t bun (Mundi) lixi I 1 heirn muni talion is to 11 Hil) a >im whnli will meludt all tnv lluu ixptiuus -I \\\ 1 Anderson \\\ Adam d 1 noll I II titi r 11 Drillt M I D Inbuilt) \\\ II L Hamp I ton H H si nu j Miirihiill A MiieUllum M M Niimara \ M I ian I M I ullou.h \\\ S M llia'ni),C II l'riuitjM Sw wiri, I öteioiuU, 1 Ima si It r J lu conbul tor Taplin has hi on no1 ila 1 I j tin luipi mil ) i) ainsi OOM rum ntlhul Iii r llriliinuio Mijisl>s IJOW nimmt lins, un li r tin ti mis provulid in Artieli lllof lln in ni) ofCommtrot and Navigation bitwei u lupin and Creat llrltam on, the Killi lilli, UM, di el ltd to appl) tin provisions ol the Binnu treat) to .Newfoundland and istitul, Hir Majestj's colonies '1 wo excursions have been arranged by the Hallway dentirtuunt for buturdny mxt. One will be to lincohtm Marah, the train leaving Mt Ibourne at 1 -S p m , and returning at 7 p in The fare will be 3s tickets being available for return jnurri()s until Momlaj Hit other will lie to Broadford Irimivcul Tills Vin, an 1 Alcxandri rond the tram ih pin ting tit.!) 20 am, and returning nt 0 15 pm reaching Melbourne at 11 p ni tickita ayailnblo foi return until Monda) range from is to 53 Mr Justice Hodges will sit m the Supreme Court on Mondm mxt, and will tnkt the casca ot UM and anolhti infant» <(._ . LabirtH and another _ .ec'ifor», ?__, and Jones and anothei i ¡¡hcrwcll and oía«« On the follow day ( I ueBiluv.) Ina Honour will go on circuit, ni d tin ( .mt) list will not I e continued until Ins return, the date of winch will be notified 1 ho liiahop of Ballarat hits received letters from the provost and theptofntsorot divinity of I runty College Dublin u-tiiniitine. that, b) tin ernie of tht uenate Mietbar e ot doctor ot divinit) was conlerred nu the. 20lh ult «in. ttijiulatu Me/cmlnit condonatw upon the Right Hi v Henr) 1 Iwuri Cooper, M A Mishap bulTri-nn of JJillitrut Dr Cooper waa a pupil of Dr Stubbs ut J iinitv und his Uinvtrsiiy course is \cr) mvouiably remera hired tin re Hie Btcretnry of the Victorian Railvuja Aasouuition (Mr J Ioski) lina drawn the attention of tin ltnilwny Commissioners to the nbsence ot lilttra lor drinl ing yvnter at tin Newport workshops and lins mn le application for tht m to b supplied two misons nrp ur(,cd in support ol the implica tion (1) lit umso the Ho nil of l'nliho Health lins pointed out tht dunder ni tlieae dijs of drinking wiitir direct liom Hie tup and because (2) the nature of the occupation of the blacksmiths boiltrmakers, und lnre,e nun nt is ew port rentiers it isstntinl for them to drink a consider ibli quintil) ot water in hot v eather, and if the vvatei enn be jiunlietl tin danger of their prostration throuL.li sick ness ia dumnisht d J lie moonlight bay excursion under tho auspices of tilt Victorian Soft_oods Associa lion tnkes place to mdit Loth the II)geia mid the Oom him bien chirtend nnl_ hrsl dits bind will accompany tnell bott Orlinnr) and speeml trams will leavo I linders street station to meet the hist train to connect with the ateivnura startinj, tit 7 b p III 1 iel *-ta are to be < btained lrom all tin li iidtng wholes ile lind retail drapers A depuliition from Kew wua introduced hy Mr Madden M L A to tin Postmaster Gi nerul yiaterthi), and compl lined of the lito delivery of letters in that suburb It trau spired in the collrae of the interview that nirant.inieiits hal bien sunn what upset by tin reduction of the staff mid the recent change in the train ai rvi.e It waa promised lluit an endiavour woul I be made to secure ii more piompt morning deliver) for the lutun Hie following tenders are recommen le 1 for acceptance by the sewerage commutée of the Metropolitan rtoard of Woiks -Supply ot I ODD pans contract 5 Hoffman liriek Compati) £2olJ 1000 Hushing cisttrns, contract i> Tohnsun, Clapham and Morris _,_ 105 , m OOJ or linar) and 200 000 radiate! bricks New lohn Glue Brick Compati) £jqu Us Id T.,0 cubic )arla of acreeninL,s uni .00 ) urila of toppings It II Vwiohcott, £10. ij« II -'00cubic jurds of sand, J Junie), ¿12 10s Hie lind nnj department has accepte 1 the following ten lers tin supphea of liri wood - J riunlon, -00 tons deliveied at Glenrowan, at Is pi non J Miller GO nt Violet town jj bl kenniy lind M'Auliffe 210 at Glen rowan 3a ti I , 1 I ulT, CO tons di liven I it Dobies at la , GO ut 2s lid , and 12- ut 2s Jil Intending exlul itors at the fortlroiiiiiig S)din) Dmr) Show ure notilied that the) cm iivuil thtnisilvea ot the lacihties ot the Inf¡MUK wiri s 1 linders streit tor gatlieriiç, uni "lulim,; their exhibits previous to for yyurdinj tlicm to tht allow In Ina four farewell lecture entertainments which -ommciici on Suturdii) evening next in the Atlienreum hall, the He*. Has! ett bunill will nitro liu.i nome in w auljecta end new illustrations fi r the first time m the colonies I he subject for the ipi inn,, m Jit is a revised edition of his lauious lecture, Hie Juni 1 ol tin I'hnnioliB nu I isentitlt I, ' Seven J lions in i -una Ae,o , or, the Won dera ot Ancient I g)pt ' Me««r» O ' nul Í Ii ni will "eli I j n lotion to. (Ivy i ] rot rl) ne Hu collin of bl encer i I I tt la llotnkc utrcttH villas nt Vrinittlito an I Moonee I I«, truilnul L.m-i C fauns nt Orcenel orouLl ni I 1 lui at tiri).! ton linn Iron- nail l rc-toi Mes«rs tt ill im lovel- ami Soi » will nell 11 mci on al Caillou toil v I o ncliol I fun Ililli ni Iel el Me««rs. Ileiurliiuiii lirulll ra will nell to la) art fun iluic limos -.0 in tile U|i«tuit-niietlo roo 3 oí their 1 ren ises Mcs.rs I linne ai ii Hay 1 os will sell to tiny a I rick -4111t contaftiin" seien rooina alíñate*] at No 2 1 il:cy >i mot vVinil-01 Mis« Ilcoc.li ant Allanl «ill hell lo laj at llainpU t t rible street st Kilda hull c1 lil I in 1 ture ni I lanía Mensr« Xn)tor 1 orl cs and Co v ill mil I y auction toiiiv Ireuliptti prO| cult-nt Mnrnin_lon (sell a|]cr lolut) In tim c-tile of the late Mr. _ Uohs ile ctasetl_ 