8 R16 Tc A L ST9RY THE AfiTA-RCTICANS. BY HARRY PRINCE. :o: 6\. J* —•n* [all rights reserved-] CHAPTER XII. John's Story, Continued. "Pearl was much relieved at being able to spend one more night so near to her father. Daniel showed us our respective apartments, then bidding us 'Good night,' he said, 'Should I not be back by morning the vthicle will be here to take you to your father's home. All your luggage will be in this rocm and my servant will give you breakfast.' He kissed Pearl and was gone. " She and I gathered nearer the fire, and before retiring had a long quiet talk, in -which our journey and future proceedings were fully arranged, and our several parts chosen by mutual consent. We were to go to my father's home, where my sisters would be her friends and I would work in my father's office to earn sufficient for us both. "Long we sat silent, hand in hand like children, till Pearl began to nod, but when I suggested sleep, she was afraid to retire to a strange chamber and asked to wait a little longer. " I thought I heard a chime, as of some office clock striking eleven, and almost dozing I dreamt I was in Mel bourne, and that I could hear the rumbling of the cars. Waking with a start I persuaded Pearl to retire and ihen curling myself before the fire I slept the sleep of the weary and care less. "I was awakened, as it seemed, almost immediately after falling into a sound doze. Springing to my feet I thought of earthquakes, with a dim idea that the caves might be falling in. Shaking myself together I ran to the door by which we had entered, clown the 'narrow passage and out into—, no, not the outer caves—but into the back yard of a city house. Astonished!—no I was never less sur prised in ray life. I sat on the door step considering. " No mistake ? no, mistakes in s'jch matters to me were impossible. There was the dust box, there the back gate securely locked. Voices were all around, 'Hot rolls!' 'Yage, Yargus, onepenny!' 'Bjerbl''Milk, hoi' 'C'rect cardertheraces, names, weights and colors of the riders, saxpence!' ' Cab, sir, Cab !* ' Flemington, sir ?' Con found it, here was I in Melbourne on Cup day, of all the days in the year without a penny in my pocket! Could'nt even get a card! "Back I went slowly inside, through a room or two, and out into the street, down which I strolled quite aimlessly, quite forgetting I had not yet washed. The crowd carried me along, till sud denly I was aware of being hustled roughly and a loud laugh fell on my cars. My brother, George, with a quartette of chums, was having a game with me. Now I knew George of old, so I was not a bit annoyed, when, winking to his companions, he bade we good morning, and asked mo what I'd back for the Cup. " 'Did-you-know it was me?' I faltered. " 'Ask Harry here if we haven't been following you for a vreek or more and knew you all the time. Why its fully half an hour since we saw you first. Been up all night ? When did you arrive ? The pater rbckons you're dead. The old lady is in mourning for you. Megarth is looking for some one else to manage for, without a reference. Grace married old Rason, thick-headed brute. Wish you'd been down before. He did me up in three rounds, and I had to let things go on peaceably. Married the day before yesterday, a great kick-up. All are going to the Cup to-day. Will you come ? Too tired of course. Got no cash ? I have, borrowed a tender of Mr. Grace, and I'll pay him in the sweet bye and bye. I reckon he owed ine that much after getting Gracie. She's eleven stone, if she's a pound, so that in reality he owes me a quid yet. I'll not mention it though, it's only a trifle. Been home yet ?' "I answered in the negative, still bewildered. " ' 0 well, let me go first to break the ice. The other fellows gone ? con found them !' he said. " He did all the talking and I made the pace. Suddenly stopping he cried, 1 Hold on, old chap. We don't live down there now, we are up St. Hilda way.' "He showed me the house and made me promise to come in exactly halt an honr. He then left, without as much as enquiring as to bow I came or whence. " By this time I was also excited and laughing to myself I raced back to Daniel's house, where I found Miss Pearl with a genteel looking lady,, laughing so much that they did not hear me till I was with them. " 'Only look, John, do look, this is Rose and she has been teaching me to dress. Oh 1 dear,—* and she was laughing attain. "Mrs. Rose Linton introduced her self to me and at once procured the essentials for a hearty breakfast,—hot rolls, fresh butter, eggs, steak, ham and what not. Between discussing breakfast and fashion plates with Pearl I became so engrossed that over half an hour passed sinee I saw George. Explianing hurriedly to Pearl how matters stood, I went forth and met my brother on the steps of my father's house, with watch in hand, performing on me for a mendacious ghost. " Seizing me by the arm, my brother hurried me to where the family were assembled in joyful expectation of my return, and were already discussing the details of my journey, which the versatile George had liberally supplied from his capacious imagination. u' Let me down softly,' he said, opening the door and pushing me gently forward. " Then there were kissing, hugging, laughinf and such an array of ques tions poured together upon ine that I almost wished I bad never left home. " I noticed during the thick of the feminine attack that my father was wiping his glasses and marching up and down in evident emotion. George was doing the long skirt step all round the room. " Then my sisters, Grace and Ella and my mother finally insisted that I must of course be hungry and have a second breakfast, all three rushing away to order it, while my father wrung my hands again till they were both cramped and I thought it a good time to introduce my companion to his friendly notice. " Pearl was now outside the gate in the vehicle provided by Daniel and according to his instructions, awaiting my fetching her. " ' Bless my soul!' cried my father. ' Bring her in, certainly bring her. George tell the young Foster there is no room for him on the drag. He'll have to get to the racecourse some other way. Go to your mother, John, and tell her. Make haste, we ought to be on the road now, if we mean to lose or to make some money to-day,' " So Pearl was brought in and my mother took her at once to her dear maternal heart. Grace and Ella treated her with all sisterly affection. After a cup of coffee and another snack by myself, the drag was loaded up, and my father forced some money into my hands, whispering to me thai he would give me New Lambeth after the new year, and we took our seats and away dashed the drag behind the four spanking greys, making the finest four-in-hand on the road that day. " Now I could collect my thoughts and muse over the events of the night. Pearl whispered to me, the first op portunity after we had fairly started, ' Don't you think Daniel a spirit now, how else could he have carried us so many hundred miles in the night ?' " I replied, * His dwelling must have been a swift flying machine, in which he brought us to Melbourne before we went to bed last night and ! the slight reverberating sound we both heard while sitting in his room was probably caused by the machinery in motion,' and' I was not far wrong, as you will presently hear. " 'We'll talk about it another time,' she said, turning her wondering eyes to the scenes of the thronged streets, so strange to her, yet so familiar to me. " Radiant, in airy costume, in ex quisite tusfce, sat Pearl in silence, till George engaged her attention." * To be Continued. , 