WAGGA. WAGGA NOTES. About Federation And Other Things. (from our correspondent.} The Federation Convention recently held at Ba thurst with such remarkable success has almost caused many of the good people of Wagga to mourn their sad fate ' in sackcloth and ashes.' We are asking ourselves how it was the great Federal movement should have got such a decided foothold in the distant ' City of the Plains,' and have filled the whole country with such enthusiasm, and why our own town, historic in having been the residence for many years of 'The Claimant,' besides having a hundred other more tangible claims, failed to anticipate the quiet cunning of Bathurst in her attempt to bid for the Federal Capital ? Must we admit that it was owing to the great, energy of our neighbours on the one hand and our own inherent slowness on the other ? But the opportunity of putting forth our claims is not yet gone for ever, and we have by no means given up the ghost, because Bathurst has got a decided 'leg in' as regards recognition in the matter of the Federal Capital. A single visit to this beautiful district would be sufficient to induce the most cynical opponent to surrender supremacy to us, and to admit that throughout Australia there is no more central or convenient spot for the Federal City than Wagga, or at least some other place on the great plains of the Riverina. But, however grudgingly some may view our Bathurst neighbours' success, all must appreciate their zeal in furthering the splendid principle of Australian unity, which must, when it is achieved, be just as beneficial for one part of Australia as for another, no matter where the Federal Capital may be situated. My remarks of a couple of weeks back concern ing the very hopeful prospects of the cominj: har vest in and around this district are, I am glad to say, being amply verified. Just as the crops were maturing we had a magnificent rainfall of nearly two inches, and in some places the downpour was much heavier. This has had the effect of filling the grain wonderfully, and of making it a first- class milling sample. Many who intended to cut vast quantities for hay are now allowing the most of their areas to mature for the operations of the stripper. At the North Wagga Experimental Farm several of the varieties of wheat sown are showing pros pective yields of from 18 to 25 bushels per acre. Had the season been more favourable the yields would of course have been correspondingly higher ; but the manager, Mr. Valder, seems perfectly satis fied with present results ; while from Coolaraon re ports show that about 6000 acres under oats in that district will yield fully 20 bushels per acre. An entertainment by the pupils attending St. Eugene's High school, connected with the Presen tation Convent, Mount Erin, was given on Tuesday evening, in the Oddfellows' Hall, and was a pro nounced success, financially and otherwise. This is the first occasion on which the Sisters have per mitted their pupils to give an entertainment of the kind in a public hall, but considering the support accorded the first effort, and the amount of practical good accruing from it, no doubt they will be inclined to make these performances of annual occurrence. Many of the leading citizens of Wagga, with the Mayor presiding, took occasion on Friday evening last to present Mr, Fred Futter, the popular manager of the Commercial Bank here, with an address and a handsome souvenir, prior to his de parture for Rockhampton, Queensland, where, with an improved salary, he is to continue the fulfilment of similar duties. The total reductions made in the special areas applied for in the Wagga Land Board District amount to £153,718, and it is ?estimated that, when all the applications for re-appraisement have been considered, the reductions will well nigh reach £200,000. Some idea may be gained from these figures as to the excessive values put upon the lands in question when they were first thrown open. 