Caves in Western Australia. (By "Rover.") To my friend who readeth this. -Have you ever been in a cave? If not don't go. I do not mean a cave of the badger hole order, but a real underground palace, wherein nature holds her fine arts in safe keeping, and where no van- dal has been courageous enough to enter. It certainly is a very remote spot where some of this type has not found employment in the way of des- truction, and the caves I am about to describe are not altogether the excep- tion. During the last few days I have visited several caves in the vicinity of Cape Leeuwin -I say Cape Leeuwin because it is the only familiar name in this part of the world, for the caves are 15 miles north of the Cape. The first of the caves visited were carriage drives compared to the last, which is a veritable chamber of horrors. Upon entering every man loaded himself with dry rushes, which are useful in illu- minating some of the chambers with lofty domes ranging between 50ft and 100ft in height. After lighting our candles, etc., we entered a hole in the side of a hill, and had to slip and stumble down a declivity of about 100ft with a dip of about two in one before we reached the first chamber. Here we found huge stalactites in various places, which, judging by appearance, seemed to be masses weighing tons suspended by nothing, so our curiosity was very quickly satisfied. At this juncture our guide informed us that it would have been well had we left messages for fond relatives beforehand, as we had been mustering up courage for 17 years to make another tour of these caves; but now that the Government-which was represented by a surveyor specially commissioned had decided to get a report upon them, he volunteered his life to vindicate the picturesqueness of his country. I think it was the party itself that looked the most picturesque-the surveyor with his candle upside down, and myself setting fire to my vest. Upon receipt of this careering information we came to the conclusion that our last had come. However, we proceeded, like so many fools with their lives in their feet and curiosity in their heads. Each step only served to disclose new beauties, and when at last a firm footing was obtained upon the comparative even ground at the bottom, I could not won- der that everyone was lost in admira- tion at the wonderful sight which presented itself to our astonished gaze. The roof of the cave was of a dome- like shape, and reminded one of a circular chapel such as one often sees in the monasteries of the old country, but instead of the bare walls thousands upon thousands of beautiful semi-trans- parent, tapering stalactites were seen on every side, suspending from the roof and gradually, in each instance, taper- ing down to a fine even point. Some of these had evidently been broken by vandals at some time, but with these few exceptions the majority of these magnificient samples of nature's work- manship were at a height that put them far-out of the reach of those who came to gaze upon the wondrous beauty. What a burning shame it seems that anyone should be so depraved as to in- dulge in destroying beauties of this sublime nature. The attraction of these caves once destroyed can never be re- placed, and in gratifying their own vanity these desecrating sightseers are only diminishing the pleasures of those who come after them. The slippery nature of the flooring, and such stalac- tites as were caught hold of to steady us in our slippery advance, proclaimed the fact 'that the process of formation is still actively going on. The laws of nature are passing strange, and when we constider that these fairy pillars are formed merely by the gradual drop- ping of water containing a certain per- centage of lime leaving an amount of the mineral contained in each spot, and that by no other agency, the stalactites have gradually extended until in some instances they have formed a complete pillar from the roof to the floor of the cave, the hundreds and perhaps thou- sands of years required in the forma- tion of these marvels of nature's arts dwarf our own brief portions upon this earth almost into insignificance. To attempt an adequate description of the many wonders of these caves would re- quire a poetic temperament that I am afraid I do not possess. Another struggle of about 100ft brought us to a further chamber of even larger dimensions than the former, the stalactites being more delicate, but side by side were heavy blocks with fairy lines and festoons traced over their massive surfaces, such as would be- wilder a modern artist of the hammer and chisel to reproduce. A blue light was ignited, and the transformation produced by it is simply indescribable in words. Briefly it was a glimpse of fairy land, resplendent with loveliness. The air in the caves as a rule is warm and oppressive, but in this one there is an opening in the earth somewhere which admits a fresh supply; in fact, in some passages the draught extin- guished the light of our candles. The darkness upon such occasions seems so intense that one could cut it with a knife. When we had got into country never before explored we thought our end was not very far distant, for our guide seemed determined to impress upon us that all the country round about this spot is honey-combed. After crossing a stream of water, which is supposed on very good evidence to find an outlet on the coast some seven miles distant, we lowered a line 98ft long into a black hole, the bottom of which could not be found, so we threw some large boulders down it, which in their de- scent seemed to be travelling into the very heart of the earth, and in their flight must have knocked off many stalactites, for the sounds that pro- ceeded from the mouth of the hole re- sembled those from a score of musical boxes. The next move was one I shudder to think of. "There's a black hole," said the guide, to which we all agreed; "and we've got to crawl through it," to which we all disagreed. For reasons best known to myself I re- mained there whilst the others travelled snake-like through this long serpentine passage. Sitting in the solid darkness with a small piece of candle, two or three matches, and with boulders, mighty ponderous things, sus- pended by nothing from a roof 100ft high, I seriously considered my posi- tion. Sometimes I thought my friends would not return, and also that I would not return to my friends. Then I would fancy I heard the earth give way and fall upon them, as I knew that they had undertaken to crawl through a tiny tunnel around the sides of which was sand, and that sand was only held to- gether by moisture. The least vibra- tion might at any moment bring the sand upon them, and the stalactites overhead upon me. How I squirmed! I did not know whether to sing, whistle, or say my prayers, for I was a long distance from the entrance, and my lights would have only lasted one tenth part of the distance to it, so I de- cided to be a soldier even if it were to be my last opportunity. After a weary and most desolate waiting I heard my friends returning, and from the mouth of that dreadful looking hole I could hear faint cries of "Never as I live," etc. "No more." Upon their exit they looked like ghosts - nerves all gone, and expressing their disgust at their cu- riosity taking them without the bounds of their common sense. The surveyor described it as follows:-"When about twenty feet through I suggested to the guide that we should go back, as I thought the four hundred feet of sand and earth overhead was on its way down," The guide said, "How are you going to get back? If you attempt to do so backwards you will certainly en- tomb us," When we got to the end of an experience I never before thought pos- sible to exist, we came into chambers of various descriptions; holes that had no bottom; stalactites that must have weighed twenty or thirty tons hung from the roof by a thin bar of limestone. A voice above a whisper seemed to oscillate them. Passages seemed to lead away to all directions. Sometimes you found yourself standing on the brink of holes, the bottom of which were far beyond the reach of our line Iand the imagination of man; in fact the whole place conveyed the impression that it afforded many facilities for con- veying one to Guam by a very simple process, and it is quite probable upon the recommendation of its inspecting officer the Government will adopt some means to prevent people visiting these dangerous localities. 