THE MAN SHE FOUND. When Violet Lingard announced that she was going ' iu for literature there were those amoug( uSjWho ncoffod. Violet was so alarm ingly pretty, one would never suspect her of possessing brains. Sbo was one of those girls with alluring faces— the sort of boutc-du-diablo ot wntou uuina is always writing, eyes of most unholy blue and lips which could smils a man's soul away. A fascinating minx with the most graceful ..and winning manners ; a boing of moods, tender, rapellant, kindly and icy by turns, she had creatod havoc and strewn devas tation wherever her dainty feet had trod. Suddenly she wearied of the endless round of gaiety and fashion to which from her teens she had' been accustomed and amazed hor coterie by declarieg her intention of writing reaiiatie novels. Of coursa everyone said it waa merely a fad and would soon blow over. But it didn't, that was the astounding part of it, Her first novel attraoted moro than passing notieo. She was oommended for bqr origiual and sudaeions stylo, her cluver plot and a otr- taiq dainty feminine touch. She was writteu about, interviewed ; her beauty and her talent were praised by tbe paragraphera aud all tbe details ' of her luxurious life were brandished about the country. Prom being merely a typical society girl, a young woman of elegance nncl, fashion, sbe suddenly became a s'omobody to- be pointed out and stared at aud raved about. This spasmodic adulatiou loused Viotot! Sbe had always feasted upon flattery but now sbe revelled in.it. She threw herself into a lifo of feverish omotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but. bor . miserable ambition. . Local colouring came to bo au absolute mania with her. She was always prating of "atmosphere" nud " realism,'" ' One' can stand a lot of infernal nonpunta from a'jirclty- woman, but really poor Violot often grew actually tiresomo with her endless rhapsodies ahout " the divinity of realism," i It waa just after publishing her second novel, n- combination of ingenuity and wiokedness, a smartish, braokish story you wonldu't have liked your sisier to write, tbat tho girl decided to go to tho far W< st in search of " local colour " for her urxt attempt. "Yes," she drawled with the fine lady air of disdain she - bad assumed since her success, " yes, I am going ia searcli of local colour and a hero. I may tako a cowboy for tbo latter — who- knows? They tell me those fellows are delightfully original and as breezy as the winds from tbe Rockies." Sho made up bor mind she bad not been misinformed whou a month later, she met Jack Wentherby. tVeatficrby was a child of thu plains. He bad nevur been east of the Mississippi and hud an iufinito cantompt for tbo land of tho rising sun. Ho bad hunted for a living ; he had beou a oowboy and raised as muoh of a rumpus in miqing camps as the noxt. follow. Now he owned his own 'ranch and herds i liad settled down somewhat and had . begun to tbjuk bo would like u wifo and home.. He was a handsome follow, as fiery as tbe mustang be rode and its tender hearted as a woman— some women. His ranch lay in tbo shadow of tho Snngre do Chrislo range, next' to that of the Atherton's, where the New York girl waa stopping. Its acres stretched to the shadowy foot hills and over them roamed tbo sleek,- woll-fed creatures of which bo was so proud. It was two days aftor her arrival tbat.be saw her first. He bad rilldeu over to see Tom Athcr- ton, tbe big muscular Englishman, who was bis particular crony, and had come 'down the trail with bis customary. "Hark" and " Whoop." As (hough riding the sightless couriers of the air, he dashed up to' tho little flower-garden, spnrs and ohnins jipgling, sombrero flapping, and letting out q yell which could have been heard in Den ver. And there by the side of pretty Mrs, Alhcrton, sat a stranger, a vision, au angel. The astonished ranchman blushed and stam mered like a school boy as be bowed awkv/urdly and apologised for his Apache-liko descent. W iio was this divinity ill palest pink, this radi ant creature witb bnir liko gold and eyes like heaven's own bluo ? !' My friend. Miss Lingard fiom New York," Mrs; Alherton said. Pshnw ! She was a celestial beiug straight from l'aru- dieo, I hove always pitied Woathurby. Never for one inomout could I bliune him. He was a primitive man with savsge instincts lurking in fiia breast. Brave, loyal, Blraight-forward him self, bow could fie dream of tbo treacherous cruel blows one little soft whito hand wao eapable of dealing. Violet foiled this sturdy, brawny ranchcro a delightful atudy, and decided that he should be the hero of ber next novel. His quaint wit and poetic fauoies bora of the mesas of the moun tain, tain forcible and often ungrammatical Bpoeoh was faithfully nnted ; his amotions wore played upou, his heart was probed. And he never dreamed ho was being experimented on. He loved this exquisite, creature, this daioty, soft, purriog beauty, as he loved his lite. He ooveted tier and longed to shut her close to his big, faithful, honest heait. ' At last came tbe .night' when Violet carried her pasaiou for " atmosphere " and " local colouring " to its ollmsx, Tboy ' bad gone for their customary evening stroll, nud bad olimhed iipn lofty biitte to k bread ledge of rooks. "At tboir feet yqwiied the canon, tremendoiisjawful, black; save where tbo moonlight touched Ibe opposite wall witb ghostly fingers. Back of them loomed tbo tango like tho battlemonts of a phantom city. Through tint pines iu tbe canou tbo wind oumo sighing in mournful cadouce. While far, far below sounded tbu faint rushing of watler— tho river tumbling and foaming aloug over its rocky. bed. lybut a weird place," cried Violot jrill) a- pretty, little shudder, " and what a ghost-like ' night. Why did we novar come up fiere before!' Jack P What a scene !'.' " ' Wentherby was lying at her feet where he had thrown himself to rest after their climb He' turned his face,' whito in the moonlight, toward- her, ' and'flxiiig' lila (dinky, unfathom able eyes upon her; said i " I kept (his place for this hour. 1 meant to briiig you' here when I got my courage to the point where I eould euy all that is in . my heart. Many a time down there;" pointing to tbe ranch lying below, " I have looked up fiore. aud thought of tbe time I . would bring you up to toll you how I love you," ' '.For one instant Violet felt a queer little thrill. Tho. simple dignity qf bis declaration almost movafl. the wprldiy, cold-blooded girl. Then she thought of hor looal colouring, " VVbat' a-Bituation' for my novel,)' shq said to herself; thou aloud gently So you really l6ve me, Jack P" ' " (' kove you P" ho edhoed passionately, as ho ,roso and sat duwn'besldo her, <t Violet, look," , taking , her hand, " my . heart lies hero iu this .dear , tittle- hand," Theu throwing all. reserve to-:tho- winds,- he seized'her and kissed her ' madly; tempestuously, - . She struggled to free hersalf and at. length sncceaded. .( How dare you,?" she demanded, " howdaro "— " How darii I ?" he oried. " Why dearest, I love you — I love you, do you heor P And you, yon . love mo a UttlA, do you not P" He was npprooohing her again, when sho said con temptuously : 1 '» No,' not a bit, I have simply beeii studying you." ' ' Ho stood as if tiirnod to siono. "Studying ,me,".he said,, in a queer voice, " studying— j why— why p" be , savagely demanded, ; os he .caught her wrist and held ft in nn iron irrin; ' '! " You were so different," she faltered, a Ml frightened at hiB sudden ferocity. " I wanted a new type for my book, you know. I suppoe Tom told you I write books " ' ' An absolutely murderous look swept 'over Weatkerby's faoe. " No," ho said, "no 'one told me that. So you write bookeP And yotf wanted to pat mo in it — was that it ? Apswer mo, answer roe," " Yes," she murmured faintly. " And that was alt ! You novor loved mB-, never meant to marry me ?'' Why, no, how could I ? I anr to :be married ia tho fall to a man in New York—" A snarl like that of an infuriated beast inter rupted hor. Livid with rage ho sprang toward her. Once again ho crushed her, shrinking and trembling, to his breast, tbon dragged hey to the very edge of tbe canon, gaping like the bottom less pit to reeeive thorn. ' And as her ago'nleod creams pierced tho sort summer - night, Weath'erby, still holding her' agalost his out- ruged heart, stepped off. They found thorn nezt day in tho bottom of the cqnoc. Violet's lovely fnco was past recog- nilion, hut on Wcathurby's lingered a smile of such awful triumph as would have pleased tho arch-iiopd bimsolf.. 