Kiigswood Chaoe, So, so l' rejoined Philip, eyeing him like a hawk. ' What, I was in the right when I told you that you were no better than an idiot, eh ? Now, tell me who this masquerader is. You say that you have seen him,' he added, with sternness of tone, which was intended to intimate to Tubal that be had no intention to be trifled with. SWhy, he be t'young squire who stayed at t'Hall afore Christmas.' I was sure of it,' muttered Philip between his teeth, and lIe became deadly pale. ' Where is he now ?' he cried, hoarsely. ' He shall not get away from us this time; a sudden blow will put an end to his ghostly antics for ever.' 'He hides now where neither you nor I dare touch 'un, Master Philip,' replied Tubal, gloomily. ' Where is that ?' asked Philip. ' Nay, it is where I cannot tell'ee,' replied Tubal. ' But I know where to watch for'un.' ' Bah l' replied Philip, with a gesture of rage, ' I will not wait. Lead me to the spot. I am sick for another struggle with him.' ' I tell thee no; I munna do it,' returned Tubal, doggedly. ' Thee must wait. I say't; thee canst not find'un without I; if thee thinks thee can, do't by thysen; but I tell'ee be sleeps now where one watches over him, but be will rise oop and wander in Chace agen, and will make for t'ould part of Hall, and then thee catst work thy will, but I'll ha' one deep plunge ot my knife to settle my old scores with un.' The latter observations respecting Erle seemed to strike Philip Avon with some force. 'That he visits tile Hall surreptitiously is clear,' he soliliquised, 'and so long as he does it in mystery, and with the profession of high.flown motives, Lady Maud will suffer her mind to be led captive by him; but she is of gentle birth, and if he be degraded by being placed in the hands of the police, put into a cell as a burglar, the charm will be broken. If that will not cure her, I will try a yet ruder method.' Turning to Tubal Kish be said ' Can the fellow escape without being de tected by you ?' 'Noa,' returned Tubal, 'an' I be sure he won't neither-.' ' By what entrance does he enter the Hall?' he asked, with an air of eager curiosity. ' I dunno,' replied the ruffian, with a per. plexed look. ' When I hunted vor my pistol and my knife, an' I hunted in vain, I fancied I saw a man stealing oop to entrance t' ould Hall At first I thought 'twere gamekeeper on watch for I, but next instant'twere gone 'twere like magic. I looked again and again, but I saw 'un no more. Only while I watched I saw light come into ould library, and it never went oot till I couldn't see't for dawn breaking.' Philip Avon walked up and down the glade, deep in thought, for a few minutes. At length he soliloquised 'I will adopt this plan. Lord Kingswood will be with me. From what he said he will only be too glad to get rid of him, and there is not a man in the commission of the peace down here who will not commit him if they understand it to be Lord Kiugswood's wish that he should be sent abroad to herd with r felons. Dainty Lady Maud will hardly pre serve with pleasure the memory of a lover who is working in chains in a penal settle ment. I will do it. Tubal Kish, where shall I meet you tonight to track the house robbing ghost- ?' 'Aye, an' for that matter, man-robbing t too,' replied Tubal Kish. ' A' stole my pistol and knife.' 'Excellent,' cried Philip, slapping . his thigh, 'a petty larceny theft too. You shall charge him with it, Tubal, before a magistrate.' 'Who-I?' cried Tubal, with an air of y affright. 'Noa I noa I Not I, Master Philip.' 'Why not ?' asked Philip, angrily. ' Why, Master Philip, t'magistrate he do want to see I sorely,' replied Tubal, with a downcast look. a ' bhat for-poaching?' suggested Philip, 'Eh ! that be it, Master Philip,' replied Tubal, somewhat hesitatingly, ' An' if be do catch me inside justice-room, a' will send I to gaol too.' 'Leave that to me,' returned Philip, quickly. ' My father, Sir Walter Avon, is in the commission of the peace, and you shall .prefer you charge before him. I will protect you. I will bring up with me to-night Hamrogue and Picker, two of our best con stables, and we will pounce upon our quarry when be has got well inside the Hall.' 'I cannot meet t' constables, Master Philip. J You maun track the game by youtsen' vor r I,' said Tubal, doggedly. ' They do owe I I grudge; I cracked both of their crowns, and r they have sworn to lay I by t' heels. I can e not meet 'em, Master Philip. I will do all e you wish withoss 'un, but I canna' meet e 'em.' a 'Fool, I give you my word they shall not f touch you, that is enough for you. Therefore, y meet me at this spot at ten to.night, and 9 look that you are here, or I will myself set e Hamrogue and Picker on you. I know Swhere to find you, and if you fail me to-night our next interview shall be in the lockup.' As he concluded be stalked away down the glade, leaving Tubal Kish muttering Ssomething very like an anathema against Shimself if he ran the risk that night of meeting the constables. SYet at the hour of ten he was at the ap s pointed spot, for after all be feared Philip SAvon more than he did the constables, and there he was joined by Philip and two men, I who smiled at Tubal Kish when they laced him with a very grim expression. Witbout a word Tubal Kish led them to Sa certain covert, and bade them watch an I opening in the centre of a mass of forest-trees. s An hour elapsed, and there was no sign of the approach of their intended victim. Philip began to grow impatient, when sud denly Tubal caught him by the arm and whispered in his ear * Be still; I hear his footfall on the grass.' Philip presently cauaht sight of a figure muffled in a cloak which glided swiftly across the glade, and entered a long alley formed by the tall stems of many trees. SThey all rose, and with stealtby steps, Efollowed. They entered the grove of trees dlso, nod beheld the shadow gliding quickly down it, and then pass out into the open space beyond. They hurried after it, and entered the open space cautiously, but the figure was not to he seen-it bad vanished. The space before then was of such extent that it was impossible for the fugitive to have pa.sed over it without being seen by them, sud there was nothing but a mass of brush wood and a gully in the place to serve for cover, This brushwood was carefully examined but in vain, and then Tubal Rish in a tone of awe, exclaimed 'Let usback again. VWe have been hunt ing the Kingswood o' Kingswood.' ' Fool !' cried Philip, passionately,' I know the fellow, his gait, his step. Let us to the Hall, and watch there; we shall have him yet.' As he concluded, he led the way himself to Kineuswood Hall, closely followed by the two officers and Tubal Kish. TO SE CONT.INUED. 