GrENERAL NEWS. DnIVrn Jone MoGRoonr, who waa badly soaldod In the railway aceidout near Wynella tour months ago, his bocn an inomato of the Goulburn hospital ever since. He was today diooharged as oured. Monthly concert of the Railway Lilorary and Musiaol Club thisbl evning in the large Oddlellows' Hall. Admieaion, any silver coin. A borno belonging to Mr. J. Day, oneof the sanitary ountractoar, wav found dead having been shot in a p?addoulr on the Sydney road, yesterday evening. The animal wov one of the beat that belonugd to the plant, and hle owner valued him at £30. Mr. S, B. Gana, ansistant clerk of potty aessiono at Goulburn, who has been noting temporarily as clelk of putty eoeinoun and land agent at Moray'a for. about two month?, he? returned and reaumed duty this morning. Two gange onah of ten mon have boon formuid amongst tleo Goulburn unemployed and are leaving for Jorildurio tonight to be engaged on the work of forelt-thinning. lBowral is said to be the happy possessor of a ghost. The local paper, the Free Press, does not however gives panticularo, but ouggeeut that the rmnulnipal cuunoil refer the matter to the inspector of nuianoaao. Onuo upon a time Goolburn conld buast of a real lhva ghnst; but the greater noarueso of Bowral to tlhe mutropolio not only Interaepts visitore from Bydney but visitors from the othur world no well. However If any decently behaved and suber ghoot will seutle amongst us we promise to do our beat to proveat thea inepector of unlsanoae maddlitg with him or her, Tile Australian General Invoetmont Com pany, Sydney, went into compulsory liquida in September 1804, All creditors have now been paid in lull and in addition a dividend hau been paid to shbareholders. The equity court noa on Thutrday asked to dissolov the company and to order the doatruotion of its booak. Mr. Juslioe Manning granted the applioation. Weat Mait.lnd, Thursday.-Th lante Mr, W. F. 1)o Ball, whose death occurred in England last woul, lino bequeathad 460 cores of valuable mineral land near Raymond Tor raeoa-road to ihe Maitland Hlonpital. Mr. Do Balta owned considerablo property in this distriat. King Moanlok hans oomminialnod a Belgian ungineer to estaablish a tolegraph system throughout Abyeinia,. Mr, Gaidstone doolarol tbat he to unable to understand the notion of Lord Rlusobery in rtoigning Itle leadership of liae Liberal party. SThio British Mediterranean floeet o at pro. oent ofl Balunoic, the eooond commercial oily of Turkey. It is aeated that the Porto In oonslderlng the advisability of conflonualng the property of fngitivo Armeniana to recouoop foreignuru for their loessn during the roeont riotu at Con itantlutple. Spoahing at Croydon on Thursday, the Presldent of the Board of Trade said that it was not thea pulloy of.the British Government to eupproe Turkoy, bunt, with the neailanuon of the Iowers, to' demand a better syltom of government for ilia Chrltllanu and Moaleomo, with guarantaoe, and thou to avoid thq necon ally for oling to war. The German flagship on the Eanat African stlation has booeen ordared to return to Zan-l. bar, and shla will be reinftroaid there by other vesnael In responne to Gorman uomplaiuto that the DBlaritih Gvcrnmont to ignoring the claime of Said IChalid to thue thronea of Zanzi. bar. Lali night a iinaaobitlioiinail atiemlpit roabbory waS matde by a conple of armed and manikeld men at North Maelbourne. Tthey attempted to rob a pawnllhop, bit onun of thie inmates offered roalelance and was ntrinok an the head with an Iron bar. The noise of tile ntlanglo attracted thlle nolghbouru, and tile rabbets do. oanlmed, flring a palrtlln alnot an tllhey leit,' the bullet panoilng throulgh the olunvo ol a mana uamnod Stuart, Noan from the PItlllpploo Ialand tI hi t ile efioot tllhat haII ribtlea outrigans havoe hlon uainm. milled by lthe rebelo, the tpaulleli trdop rc tallating witlh flroully. Mijor Lothnalra, who was r!aoeatly noqulltted of the innder of Mr. S?atkenlo in tthe a( tuilo Iaa BtSite, In Illlng aoud for branoh aft promise illlt arrlagal, Thei Prineo of Walon, patron of the BSurrey Grluhat Olub, lavo inranted tli ohln lan anl.d lord of the itround, a 80 yearn' laane of Ilia Kennington Oval, on conditionl that a now pavillion shall bn built in planeo of th proonut I onae dr. John Co?, 4 eh lhlbourne ht1, m oodo orrnltimrnttol fOrt dhitot th?tpmlllllrtt f e?iet fotm Yietotlo I(t r ?otal ptlovin:;t. pt llt in In leltinpg bo tern ho Mtuchiriorlr braooch of the ItoyanlGeogrtptletl ooeiety on Thure. day, tjilr li?ry tIuo touo, tr.lt (Gorttnor of Qo ueotltnd, noid Ihot AuFlralia aosn btadly alivo to the danger of hol?ility fr:n At.in. T'bo holde s of dtebotoure in Chaloty Brothiels Limited totov t!uthorisrd Ith gialnt ing of an option for four tlUtlltI ti Ip)1tcllbhnle their ioleroelo in the ansote of the eompilly fIr £80,000 nLt, Before taking hIis depatlure from Paris the Czar lft a rumu of L1000 for disttibotiun amongst the pour of theo ity. lie oito ordered a gold wreath to hli placed upon Iho tonmb of the late Prerident Carnot. In Ithe coarse of i froewell poeero he im. plied that it was his intnttion to make a seoond visit to Paoio. Theo intimtion gave rise to frautlo enthuelasm on tilhe port of the populcoe, The Czar saluted tihe draped statue com. momurativo of theo city to Strlburg, which einoo tlea tlaking of AlsIce and Lrrainao by the oGrman, hoas been hung with mourning. Rubbit.tuspoi otor Bim of Dubbo in his re. port fr September statos that doting the month lhe aswonly one rabbit bletwoun Dubbo and Obley, and heo has ateerttintd from the settlers that the rabbits in the Dubbo district are not noticeably iocreating. Lord Rortobory opoakltug at Edinburgh on Friday said that re!form in Atmenit nreeded guidance, and not thte utimulas of an. mreatured oeosutlo oiintt the Sultton and tho rnillanly Ittlrd. ilo remedy must cover (to entitu Eastern Qae?tion. Ilo declnred that tho powers wtro doter mined to fight if Great Britain acted alone in roegrd to Turkey, and lie doubled if the colonieo wol enthusiastic for war on behalf of the Armoenians. The European conoert he siul was 'lh only pannouea for the Enstern qgou.tion, and it would be impossible to long postponeo action. Referring to his resignation Lord Rlos? bery said that be had found it dilloolt to re tain the leIdoiobip of the liberal party unless tie weor vigorotsly supported inside and otlt side parliamout, Bombala, Baturday.-Yreoerday was ro. markablt for a sertio of thunderolorms ac companied by hail in tome places as largo ao pigeon-.igg, tpentratiog iron roofs, maoshing windows and lamps in the borough, and do otroying; fruitotrees and Ilower-gardono. The oldest rotidentls over know ouch olormot at thin onaooo of the year. The appronoohe to Aston bridge weoro nearly all waehod away, and the dock was covered by two foot of water. The weather in cold and cloudy. Invoroll, Stturday.-A young man namod William Ellis while moarking at the butts for the lhllf-Oompany Mounted Biflus, who were praotioiug muoktotry, was shot at half-pant cloven to day. The ball oenteored at the back of lie head and parsed right through the head, Ellis died in the aftornoon. Baron von Miiellor, the well-known explorer nod scolntilt, died at no early hour on tSatur day morning. The doctors attribute death to brain apoplexy onneod by hemorrhago. Colonel Bell, American consul, is on the Alameda. Lord and Lady Lamington (Queensland) will visit Sydney thiu weelk. "Maniy happy reluore" to- day to Bir Georgo Dibbs, born October 12, 1884, Prior Vaughan has recovered from the serious illnesso which attakoed him while touaring the Htloo. Dr. Finaohi, who went to Maorilin to join the Italian troope fighting agaiust the Abyssin. iann, ufter the terrible reverse which ohooked the oivilinod world, returne to Sydney with his family today on board the Alameda. Bunday Times. A shooting affray ooourred betweeoon two Indians in Adelaide on Friday night. Ooa of the men receivod throo bullet wounds, and Is in the hoopital in a preaorioun condition. The Czar on Saturday held a brillinut roiuew of 00,000 Frenoh troops In the pre sonco of 500,000 .speotatore. Coo of tho features of the reviewo was a cavalry charge carried out by 18,000 troops. In replying to the tonast of theo Russian forsos t t a banquet which was subsequently held the Czar expressed hIli profound ooenti mont of fraturnity towards the French ntioln. Tile Moscow Gozotto says that thebo Czar' spoeoh at Chalonsosnr-Mtarno is a rolid guar autou of peace and was of greater value than a written trusty. A foollng of anxiety har been oaused in Geormany by the statement that n written treaty for defonsivo purposes exits butweoon Franc and lusslia. 