THE POWER NOT OURSELVES. [By the Rev. Lvman Abbott, D.D.] Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and iu the power of Uis might.— Ephehuks vi. 10. It is because we are learning to be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might that we have modern civilisation. We arc not materially stronger than our fathers, and yet we are immeasurably stronger. Wo cannot run more swiftly than the aboriginal Indian ran, and yet we can run across the continent, from New York to San Francisco, without fatigue. We cannot row against a stronger tide or current than our Indian neighbors, vet we get into our great iron-ribbed canoe at New York, aud laud, after six days' sail, at Queens towu, not wearied by our journey. Way? Because we have learned how to bo strong in the strength of the Lord ; because we have learned how to conquer tide aud wind and wave by a power not our own. Matthew Arnold lias said :—' 'There is a power not ourselves that makes for righteousness.' So there is a power opt ourselves that makes for civilisation; and it is because we have learned to lay hold on that power that we have made progress in tire world. You cannot lift more than Ajax could have lifted ; aud yet a child to-day in one of our great iron mills will lift 80 tons aud swing it into place, because he is strong in a power that does not reside in his owu muscles. We have leurut how to use the power of the Almighty, and He puts power at our bidding. Aud this is (he secret of civilisation. There arc three great forces on which it depends— gravitation, heat, electricity* By using these great forces we are doing a work that we could never have done without them, and releasing ourselves for something better and higher. If we still had to depend upoii our own muscles, it would take so much time to keep our bodies iu couditiou that we should have no time for the development of mind and spirit. It is because we set the universe to do our drudgery for us that we are released to do something butter than drudgery. But we do this, not by our might or our power, but by using a power not ourselves that makes for civilisation. I visited the other day the works of the Niagara Falls Power Com pany. They have turned a mere cupful of water (I think one-tenth of 1 pur cent, of the water that flows over Niagara Falls), aud with that they arc setting in revolution. te» dynamos, each representing 5,000 horsepower, and Mr, Tesla says that with a wire from Niagara Fulls to New York on one side a»d Chicago on the other he can light both cities. We catch a little of the power of Niagara, aud, as we say, generate electricity ; but wts do »ot, Man doss not generate electricity. The world itself is a great dynamo, and the electric cur rents arc flowing from cast to west ; and by taking a cupful of power from the cataract wa are able to take a cupful of electricity from the great dynamo and run our trolly -cars, and light our buildings, and operate great machines by a power not ourselves which mates for civilisation, Now, are we to suppose that God furnishes the universe; with power for food and clothing and light and transportation, and leaves His children to struggle with temptation, with doubt, with moral problems, without reaching as much as a little linger to help them ? Will He feed them if they are hungry, clothe them if they are naked, light them if they are in darkness, aud then, if they are enmeshed in temptations too much for them, Bay, 'You may go down to death ; I will not help you?' Is that credible ? No ! As there is a power not ourselves that makes for civilisation, so there is a power not ourselves that makes for righteousness. And the God who has stored up tho material universe with all these powers that have run unused so long, and that we are just now begin ning to use a little, has not left the spiritual realm without aids to His children. There are spiritual forces. They are in the faniiiy, in the Church, in the conscience of the universal humanity ; they are in the aspirations inspired by tho Spirit of God; in literature, in the Bible, in God Himself, who enspheres us with Himself and holds Himself ready to render whatsoever service we are ready to take at His hands. It is this spiritual strength that is the secret of the moral progress of humanity, as it is the presence of this material strength that is the secret of the material civilisation of humanity. God puts Himself at our service. We are strong when we take His strength, and weak when we try to do our work without it. This spiritual strength is the secret of the victories which individual men have wrought over themselves. There is no phe nomenon in human life that has wrought more marvellous changes in the human race than that which the theologians call conversion ; and yet the metaphysicians scarcely speak of it. What was it that turned Moses from a shepherd into a statesman ? He always' said of himself that his strength aud wisdom were not his own, aud from the day when he met Jehovah at the burning bush until the day when he went up to that solemn mount where ho met Him once again, never to re turn alive, he said, ' I will uot go unless Thy presence go with mo.' It was the power of God resting upon him and dwelling with him and accompanying him that made this pas sionate man a meek man, and this man that ran away from duty faithful in the fulfil ment of duty, and this cowherd a statesman. What was it that made of that shepherd king, whose nature was so passionate, aud whoso great culminating sin was that of bloodiness and lust — what was it that made him the Sweet Singer of Israel, so that all the psalms of all other centuries took on his name — because he was deemed, and rightly deemed, to be the source of spiritual song in the Hebrew nation 1 Another breath breathed upon him and mode the sang sweet. And to come to One incomparably greater. What was it that made the Christ the power He was upon the earth ? How was it that He could put His finger on tho blind and the blind should see? That Ho could touch the ear of the deaf and the deaf should hear ? That He could stand at the grave, say, 'Lazarus, coma forth,' and the dead should hear? He has told us: 'The Father that dwelleth in Me, He doeth the works; and greater works than these shall ye do.' What was it that turned a Paul from a Pharisee to au apostle of the Gospel, made the pride that had been his enemy his servant, harnessed hi3 very ambition to the triumphal chariot of his Lord, and rolled it along its triumphant march through pagan cities V He has told us — 'I cau do all things through Christ that strengthened me.' ltun down the history of the human race from Moses to John B. Gough and throughout it is the same story. The man who was struggling with temptation which was too strong for him ; the man who was mired in the soil with au in visible hand drawing him dowu, was helpless and hopeless until he reached up and took hold of an invisible hand above, aud then he was lifted out of the mire and put ou the solid ground and made a man by a power that was uot his own. This is the secret of the great reform move ments of the world. A few thoijsaud serfs iu Egypt go forth, cowed, timid, scared at«very peri], continually wanting to go back to their slavery, and yet become a nation of warriors aud centre of a light of civilisation, so that to day we go back to their laws for the funda mental principles of social righteousness, aud to their prophets for the fundamental principles of a Divine life. Was that nation so much greater than any other nation ? Was it so much purer, so much wiser, so much nobler ? No ! But there were tnen in that nation who had learned this secret of civilisa tion, moral and material; they had learned that there is a power not ourselves that makes for life, aud hid learned how to lay hold on that power, They were not stronger, but they were more skilled in the art of finding the Divine power that enspheres the globe, aud they became the messengers of righteousness to the world. Gibbon lias written a famous chapter in which lie undertakes to explain the secret of Christianity. The world lies iu its darkest night, has reached its lowest level. There is no moral life in liome. Philosophy has almost died out of Greece, and prophecy out of Palestine, Then there comes one young man, reputed son of a carpenter, who gathers twelve men, peasants, about Him, aud after three jmie js put to death, and they go forth in His name, aud in Jess than (our centuries liome hits adopted the religion of the despised NaKareue. what has done it? Wealth? wisdom? power? liear what Paul says ; — ' Not many wise, not; many rich, uot roauy strong according to the flush, are called ; but God has chosen the things that are foolish to confound fcho things that are wise, aud the tilings that ace not to conlouud the things that are.' They were not groat nor wise, but they learned from fhw JJh'iue Leader/not only that God is, but that God is in Uis world, is in human Ijjearts, and the men that have gotteu hold of Him will conquer the world, because they Jjaye gotteu hold of Ahwightiness, The Lutheran reformation, the Wesleyan reformation, tho Anti- Shu'cry re formation in America, are aU illustrations of tl-e same truth. There are one or two practical applications of this truth (lint I would like to Jinvt you thiuk of, ' Why should we undertake foreign missionary work 'i The Hindoos have their religion, tho Japanese theirs, the North American Indians theirs, Why »ot \ut them have their jvJigions and go about tiuqr business, n» ws him- our religion and go about ourB? Why? Consider, Why not H this Onmtni trouiaw Wvn im1 haudmiil, aud not teH her there arc puwcrg in tijo world that will griud (or Jier * Why not let this Oriental scribe write bis fcw pa^ee of manuscript, aud not teli him tjiew is a printing press that will print them by. tho hundred thousand ? We nave a secret of life which they have not. And we have a secret oE spiritual life which they have not— and a rrnany of us do not know that. all wo have to do is to carry to the non-Christian peoples a new dogma or anew ritual, or a new meeting-house, or to tell them that they are to spell their name of God 'Jehovah' and not 'Buddha,' or that they are to take, a Nicene Creed instead of a theosophical creed— if that is all, I do not know that foreign missions are worth what they cost. But if it be true that we have found the secret of life ; if it be true that we are ensphered in the Eternal, and we have learned that truth ; if we have found that God has come into the human race and dwells in men; if we have learned that men cannot conquer by their own strength, but can con quer if they are inspired by the Divine power ; if we have life and they are dead— I do not know how men that have the life cau fail to give it to their fellow- men. I can understand how the barren tree shall tliink there is no use in sacrifice, but if the peach-treo has eyea blossoms and expects fruit in October, I think it must want to send its fruit to the hungry. The power of tha Church is the power of men who are beginning to find out how to get hold of God, and the Church has power just in the measure in which it does know how to get hold of God. ' You shall receive power,' says Christ, ' after the Holy Ghost has come upon you.' It is just as if one should say, 'You shall have lights and trolley-cars after you have learned the secret of electricity.' There is a spiritual power ; when you have found it you will be strong. I believe in the institutional Church, in the boys' dub and the girls' club, and the kindergarten, and the gymnasium, and all the rest. I am glad we are doing this vrork in Plymouth Church ; I wish we were doing more. But an institutional Church is the idlest thing in tho world if it is not an inspirational Church also : nay, if it is not primarily an inspirational Church. If we are to do our work this winter, and in the coming winters, it will not be by our life nor our strength nor our wisdom ; it will be because we have learned something of the secret of life. We are not lacking iu seal, iu activity, in generosity when our emotions are stirred, nor iu brotherly love and social fellowship. But we are quite sure that we have the same kind of power in this Church that there was when those morning prayer meetings were being held, and when men and women were rising in their placesand^sking for prayer, because they wanted us to take their hands groping and put them into the hands of AlnnghVpGodY That is the power of the Church. This sceptical man says, 'What ia this power?' 'I do not know what it is.' 'And you expect me to take hold and deal with something, I do not know what?' 'Exactly.' When I was at Niagara Falls I said to the treasurer of the Power Company, ' I suppose you have not yet found out what electricity is ?' 'No,' he said, 'we do not know what it is ; but we are making it and we are selling it.' What this strange Divine power is that turns men from the paths of uiiquity to paths of righteousness, that makes meu that are weak to be strong, I do not know, but we arefinding it and we are imparting it. It stands by the bedside of the dying and makes them strong to go through their death hour ; it helps the sick on the bed of sickness, not knowing whether they are, to go forth into this life agaiu or into that other, to say, ' I would like to live, but I have uo fear of death ;' it makes us iu the very imminence of peril careless of the peril and Happy facing death. ; it fills the weak with a power not themselves, so that men look upon them, wondering that persons of such frail frame cau live such ample lives and accomplish such results ; it lifts the temptod out of the mire aud clay, and puts their feet ou solid ground ; it opens the eyes of the bliud and gives them eight, and puts the song of joy into the mouths of chose that moaoed and sighed ; it lifts up a whole race, like the Indian race and the Negro race; id enters the slum and does more for it than the public street or the public school ; it carries cleanliness aud virtue and intelligence and honor and power, because it carries righteous ness and holiness and God. If you, brother or sister, wlioni I do uot know, in this church to-day 'are struggling with au enemy who is too much for you ; if you are carrying a sorrow that seems to you almost in supportable ; if you are bearing the burden of someone else's sin and it seems to you as though it would crush you to the earth ; it you are living in loneliness because the life that cheered you has gone from your side; if you are in darkness, and all eternal things seem uncertain and uusure ; if you are wrestling with temptation, aud the devil has got yow under his feet and you cannot rise, be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might f there is an Alrnigbtiness, not only iu nature to help us feed and clothe aud bouse aud tight ourselves, but in the heart of humanity and in the Cradle and Cross of Christ owl in tho (spirit of righteousness that fcuspheres humanity, so that there is not one of us herd to-day having come in crying out, 'The things I would not those I do,' who niay not go forth to nvy, 'Thanks be to God which wvefchus the victory, through our Lord Jesus Christ i' 