JUNIOR BALLY. The sixth South Australian Christian En« deavor Convention was continued in the Town Hall on 'Saturday afternoon, August 29. The occasion was the 'Junior Rally,' and the hall and gallery were filled with members and their friends. The Rev. Edwin H. Ellis acted as leader. The proceedings opened with the singing of the hymn 'Jesus bids us shine with a clear pure light,' after which a young Endeavorer recited ' The children's crusade.' The 'roll call of the nations' then began. Thirty children, representing Great Britain, America, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada, wearing tbe red cross and carrying the flags of their respective countries, stepped on the platform and recited the following verses : — Columbia'* hnppy-faced Juniors, From the Bast and the far distant West, From the North and -he beautiiul South land,' We come at your loving request. From over the Canada border, With sones of glad greeting we come. From distant New Zealand, Tasmania, And bur great Australian home. And the children from dear old England Wish to join this crusade with you. To conquer this whole world for Jesus, To do what lie wants us to do. From the Emerald Isle we greet you, And from Wales and from Scotland, too \ Let us join in your glad Endeavor, Let us all be loyal and (rue. And now let us labor together, With hands and with voice and with prayer, That all of God's dearly loved children May know of His love and His cure. Well help you in all your Endeavor, We'll join in your prayer and your song. For there is but one precious Saviour, To whom all the Junior* belong. Six little children in Chinese costume, five of them carrying Chinese dragon flags, and the sixth wearing n, red cross and carrying tho Christian Endeavor banner, next appeared and delivered their message from the 'un- numbered millions' of the Celestial Empire. Then followed a picturesque little hand of boys and girls in Turkish costum^, who de livered their message 'from the people who worship Mohammed.' Cheers and laughter greeted the next detachment, who with darkened faces and fibre skirts represented ' Islands of the Sea,' and sang a hymn in one of the native tongues. ' Africa' next appeared in linen costumes and white turbaus, and the little spokeswoman delivered a message from the Endeavor societies of the Dark Continent!. The baud of Japanese damsels wiio nest occu pied the platform looked very pretty and pic turesque, andlikoits forerumiens was greeted with Joud applause. The -3etac-hiiieat repre senting India and Ceylon then came on the platform and recited ; — Oh, Buddha is cold and distant, lie does not rtt-urd our tears ; We pray, UuL he never answers ; We call, but he never her.ra. We crape in tbe midst of darkness, With none who can guide aright ; Oh, share with us, Christian children, A spark of your loving light. Representatives of the great countries ot Europe, tastefully and appropriately clad, closed the very pretty pageant of the nations. The first to appear were France, Germany, Switzerland, Norway, Belgium, Holland, and Austria, which possess senior Endeavor societies, but no junior bands ; after them came Russia, Sweden, Denmark, Portugal, Italy, and Greenland, where tho society is not yefe represented at all. The Chairsian then delivered an address to the young Endeavorera in front of him. He exhorted them to live as Jesaa would have them live. He asked the sympathy of ministers, Snnday-school teachers, and church workers to aid them in their work carried on among the juniors. Greetings were then reieived from the fol lowing junior societies : — Archer-street, Findoa (Bible Christian), Gleneig ( W«s!eynn), GJenelg Congregational ), Tynte-street (Baptist), Draper Memorial (Wcsleyan), Hincitnarsh square (Congregational), tit. Luke's (Anglican); Flinders-street (Baptist), Maylands -Wes- % leyauj, Blackwood (Wesleyan), Norwood Ayesievwi). Melbourne-street., North Ade laide (Wesleyan), Mitcham (Wesleyan), ParkJ side (Primitive Methodist), Woodville (Wes leyan), Yoric (Baptist), Hardwicko College, Southwark (Baptist), Kensington (Primitive Methodist), Brompton (Wesleyan), Kilkenny (Wesleyan), Hindmarsh (Congregational), Por6 Adelaide (Wealeyau), Rose Park (Congre gational), Semaphore (Baptist), Mitcham (Baptist). SECnETARIE?' MEETING. A secretaries' meeting was held in the banqueting-room on Saturday afternoon. Mr. H. H. McKechnie (general secretary) pre sided over an attendance of about (i0. He called to mind the words of a recent speaker — 'That the secretary should communicate every week with the paslor,' aud specially asked that as many secretaries as possible to confer with the pastors on Monday. A chat then followed, liiss Kaar pave thanks for the great blessing attending the N.A. Baptist C.E. Society. Mr. A. W. Jones called atten* tion to the district unions, and said that they were not doinff all they might Me Jollt -West Torrens), Miss Coie jKapunda), Mr. Rowe (Port Pirie), and several other secre taries spoke hopefully of the worlo MISSIONARY MEETING. A well-attended missionary meeting was held in the Town Hall in tho evening, when die chair was occupied by Mr. C. II. Gonde. The President of the union (Itev. Joseph Berry) welcomed the visiting delegates from the various societies in aa oJOijuont speech. The Rev. G. Hayrick spoke on the question ??Should I BupjJ'vt a foreign missionary V He pointed out that although a ?missionary might not tie wanted .'by the inhabitants of foreign lands this did not prove that be was not needed. Inhere were 'some wants which had to be kihdlcd and tended, and the Gospel must be instilled and planted among the heathen. It was sometimes asked 'What about the heathen at our own doors?1 but the reformers of our epoch were not those who spoke thus. Those who supported foreign missions were tho same people who did most for our home missions.. (Hear, hear.) England itself would have remained a home of Bavogery if the principle of not sending missionaries abroad had been carried out by' the early Christians. Missions could exist without tho church, but not the church without missions. The Rev. W. L. Mobton delivered an earnest address on 'Should I be -a foreign missionary!!' - ? ? ? -. The Rev, A. W. Wellington spoke on 'What can I do for home missions t' He suggested that papers dealing with church work should be circulated among the Endeavor societies, and that there be in each society a home mission committee. The choir under the leadership of Mr. J. J. Virgo santr several hymns. SUNDAY SERVICES. On Sunday prayer meetings were held in the various churches, and spuoial sermons preached. t in connection with the movement. The sixth annual Convention of the Christian Endeavor Societies of South .Aus tralia was continued on Monday. A sunrise prayer meeting was conducted in the Stow Me morial lecture-hall byafche Rfcv. H. H. Teagne. The afternoon gathering was in the Flindera street Baptist lecture-hall.-, and was intended especially, for, ministers. t The Rev. J. Berry presided, and the attendance was (airly large, ' Mr. BEimr introduced the businass of the session. The first address, 'Retrogression: how to avoid it,' was delivered by the Rev. S. JiKNTON. He held that the beginning of retro gression was found in the decay of the ideal. The ideal of the Endeavorer should be to do the work Christ entrusted him with. He would outline the symptoms of decay. They were. — First, lorgot ting to work for Christ and humanity ; and second, retrogression in prayer. The Rev. S, Mead read a paper on ' The ideal pastor from a Christian lSndeavoi- standpoint.' He was sometimes led to wonder what would he the position of the Church today if the Sunday-achool had never been called into existence. Half a century hence someone might ask some such question concerning the Christian Endeavor movement. In 20 years' time he judged it would be deemed an anomaly for any church to be without a Christian Endeavor society. The ideal minis ter should niake himself thoroughly .familiar with -the movement and literature of the Chris-. -iiau Endeavor, and try to inspire his society with tiic best purposes of the movement. The Rev. H. T. Burgims thought that the grfeafest difficulty they, had to face was the problem of getting the movement into liao .with the work of the church so that tlie services of the minister might be most efficient. The Rev. T. J. Gohe said ne was in the habit of giving periodical Bible readings, and he had found them well attended, lio thought that it was an advantage for the meeting generally to be in the hands of tho young peoplo. Tho R«v. F. W. Cox had been pleased and surprised to find the amount of thoughtful good sense expressed by the young yeople of both sexes at the Chris tian Endeavor services. The Rev. J. Dixon thought that it was a mistake for any society to remain separate from the union. The Rev. J. Cowpebthwaite had been gratified at the high spiritual tone of the societies he had personally oome into contact with in the colony. He did not think that they were so enterprising in Christian work as eoiue of the societies in Victoria were, but the spiritual life was very satisfactory. The To^vn Hall was packed for the night session. Tho Rev. J. Beny again occupied the chair, and the singing was led by a large choir conducted by Mr. J. J. Virgo. The Rev, G. E. Wheatlet spoke on 'Tem- perance.' He said he was pleased that the subject given him was temperance. The evil existed amongst us, and its affects were appalling. He had seen a statement made on good authority that out of every 100 citizens two would inevitably become drunkards. During the time of the great plague in London it was the custom to send round men with carts crying ' Bring out your dead.' But the cry of this great plajrue was 'Bring out the hviujr.' Christ had saved the Christian Endeavorers that they might work to save others. He thought they were going to have a big Bay in saving the drunkard. There was no absolute safety except in total abstinence. Intoxicating drink was fatai to many, it was dangerous to all, and unnecessary to any. A mail couiu uu more wure auu uuuirer vrnu without it than with it. The church existed to destroy the worksiif the devil not to criticise them and pass resolutions about them, and they as Eudeayorers must take, measures to put an end to intemperance. ,He knew tiiat they could not inakV men sober by Act of ?Parliament, but that was no reason why they should make them drunk by Act of Parlia ment. Christian Endeavorers ought to pray ?for Christ, find work for Christ, and vote' for Christ. Tho Waterloo of the temperance movement had yet to be fought, and when that engagement took place he believed that there would be immense numbers who would light valiantly on the side of the Lord and Master. Tho Rev. J. G. Raws addressed, the jneeting on 'Social purity.' He said the laws relating to that question in this country were in ad vance of those in any other part of the world. But even just and beneficent laws could not grapple entirely with the eviL He was there to appeal to tho young men and young women to do their best to drive the evil back and force it out of existence. He would appeal to boys and young men not to harbor impure thoughts. He called upon Christian En deavorers to help overthrow this ? last born child of the devil. Tho Rev. W. G. Marsii epoke on 'Gambling.' It had been said that in temperance and impurity were twin sisters, children of the devil, but he thought that during the last decade another sister had been 'added to that bad family. The evil was a popular one, and that rendered it more insidious. Gambling had its inception very often in childhood. The boy playinjr marbles desired to become possessed of all the marbles. Every gambler was a loss \- to the community. He wished that fathers were as easily moved in this matter as were mothers. It was part of the ordinary ex perienoe of a minister to hear complaints ah- appeals for help from the mothers of boys who spent their evenings and -Sundays gambling at street corners. Pitch-and-toss was gambling ; there was no other name -for it. TThe passion of gambling fjrew on those' who. practised the evil habit until it became overmastering. . ' The gambler's course was a downward pne, and often ended in the murky waters or some other form of suicide. He had a friend of fair pro mise and congenial disposition, but one year when 'CSp' Day came -round in -Melbourne' ttid man was, missing. The' story was the old. one; the' Yarra was dragged, and there the corp3B was' found. Gambling was the ex planation of the tragedy. The voice of the people controlled Parliament, and they should rise to the occasion and prevent others going to the gambler's gravel They must set an example which was safe to follow.. The Rev. Charles Bright was very warmly received. His subject was 'Good citzenship.' He thought that tho committee had shown great faith in him when they expec ed hiai to tell them what good citizenship was in about a quarter of an hour. He understood good 'citizenship to consist in the discharge of all the obligations involved, in the intellectual, social, and moral relations to the body politic, and a man was a good citizen who was pos sessed of an upright character which inspired the convictions and motives that made for the highest welfare of ths whole. It should be the determination of every man to make his private conduct just that which he believed should bo the character of the entire community. The greatest danger w:is not in respect to soul culture, but it was the fear of stepping beyond the immediate personal circle and beyond tho church. They must not be satisfied until 'thoy had brought the gospel to bear upon those outside their own circle and church. There had betn a great deal said about a great man's discovery who lived centuries before Christ. Cunfucious had said, ' What you would iiot men should do to you, do ye not to them,'' but this was only negative. Christ had pone much further, aud there could be no doubt that if inen would obey _ this higher teachiug of Christ the rainbow of eternal love would sliino over all humanity. Good citizenship was everybody's business. Their business was not only to meet and sing, but to go forth and do the practical work of Christianity. There were great waste places in society which need to be reclaimed. They must bring the power and purity of 'Jesus Christ to bsar upon these aud so reclaim them. The gambler is a pai asite and nothing more, and like some other microscopic parasites he may grow and multiply. He thanked God that though the outlook might be dark and black Jesus Christ was still on the throne, and He cared more 'about tho world than it was possible for him with his poverty-stricken nature to care. Lot them only keep heart, keep faith, keep true, beueve in His power, that lio would not be satisfied- until He had accomplished what Ho died for, and Christ would be all in all. Tuesday was a red-letter day with members of the Christian Endeavor Societies. The sixth animal Conference was brought to a close by the holding of all-day services, and Endeavorers rallied in full force. An early start was made with a sunrise prayer meeting in the Stow Memorial lecture li.all, the attendance being over 200. Mr. C. Patterson, tccretary of the Gawler dis trict, was. leader and iLev. G. W. Kondrew gateau nuuir^ouj v.wus\;ui«tuiuu* -n.u L.*f \j v*iut*it a number of comniittue conferences were held in different places. 'Look out,' 'Prayer meeting,' ' Missionary,' and 'Social' com mittees were led by Messrs. R. 0. Evans, E. E. Mitchell, T. E, Powell, and W. H. Sharlaud respectively in Trinity schoolroom, Stow Memorial hall, Flinders-street Presbyterian Church, and Pine-street lecture-hall. These were followed by a conference in the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church, the topic being 'The Bible.' The Rev. James Alien presided. The Rev. J. If. Fur long, of New South Wales, addressed a crowded assembly. His.subject was ' Bible study essential to spiritual growth.' ' He regarded Bible study as the soul feeder. He had met spiritual invalids who could not take their nourishment directly from tho Bible, but had to lean on commentaries and other similar works as the lame man lent on his crutch. BibJo study would give strength ; it would give tbe power of 'simplicity; it would stimulate growth and promote childlikeuess, not childishness. The attainment of a character resembling that of Christ in simplicity and childlikeness could only l)e achieved by Bible study. Bible study would enable them to discover and destroy sin, both in self and others. It would help them to grow in com mon sense, and that was tbe rarest quality in tho world. The Word of God was poisonous to the doviL Ihe Rev. It. McCullough read a paper entitled 'How to use the Bible to turn souls.' The greatest business of all Christians was soul-winning. Thoy must abide in the Master's company if they would learn the art of soul winning. The men who had been most honored in the ministry wero those who knew how to handle the word of truth. He depreeatad playing upon the emotions of people. If- they were taught to trust to their feelings they might possibly find themselves without sup port next day. The Bible must be used with discretion in drilling with the unsaved;- It was 'essential to know? the state of mind of the ?enquirer, and thgn apply tho texts most suit able to the individual case. Comfort 'should not be administered when conviction was necessary. . The Rev. T. J. Gore said the subject allotted to him was 'God's Word in Christian Endeavor Work.' He did not understand God's Word to mean Shakespeare, Milton, Tennyson, Longfellow, or any other man's word. Christian Endeavorers did not believe in the conclusions of the Higher Critioisin. He had seen in the Plymouth Town Hall a picture representing the 'Pilgrim Fa the.rs' aud the 'May Flower.' Ho would like to know if those men believed Job to have been a mythical person. Had they not held by the Bible and put it in the first place of their lives there would not have been the great Ameri can Republic of, to-day. The sword of the Christian was a two-edged sv.-ord, and its firel purpose*~\vas to cut tho heart of selfishness from the person who uses it, and when this was done Jesus Christ would ?.put His own heart there in place of the one ' that was gone. Thero wa3 a dilference between knowing about the Word of God and knowing the Word itself. Tbof afternoon session commenced with a monster prayer meeting in the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church. The Rev. J. G. Wright was leader, and tho meeting was of a bright and lively character. This wa9 followed at 3 o'clock by a question-box lecture, the Rev. H. T. Burgess acting as lecturer. He intimated that the success of a Q.B,-L.depended as much on the questioners' «s ohrthe answerer. : There was ?» -JaTjfe inamberM.iquestions of.a mis-.; cellaneous charae&av; 'mostly referring to Christian Endeavor work/ but temperance, gambling, amusements,' and other Kindred subjects were dealt with. After about forty minutes Bpent in giving the answers to the enquiries Mr. Burgess said' ho would turn tlie lecture 'topsy-turvy,' and ask a few questions of the audience. -Throughout the service .the audience was enthusiastic, and several bright choruses helped to make the meeting a pleasant one. - . - , - . . Tea was held in the Flinders -street Presby-; terian . lecture-hall, the Stow lecture-hall, and the Pirie- street Wesleyan lecture-hall. About 1,000 people sat down to tea, which was pro vided by Mr. A.L. Calder, of Rundle-street. 'EVENING SESSION. The evening session was held in the Town Hall. Tho Rev. J. Bkuky, who presided, said tho consecration- pledge was a solemn pledge and bound them to 5,000,000 of people. Christian Endeavor bound thein also to God. If they did not trust in God to give them grace to fulfil the pledge, and if they did not en deavor to live out the pledge, they were per jured. The strange aud awful visitatton'wnieh befel Ananias and Sapphiia in the day of the apostles was allowed, not because they kept back part, but because having promised all they kept back part. He was afraid that if God visited broken piomises in a similar manner to-day every consecration meeting would be followed by funerals. Human life found its goal and meaning- in consecration to God. Oarlyle-Jiad said in his old age that the nearer he got to the end of life the more hebfilioved Jthe teaching of the Catechism. The chief end of man was to glorify God. No one cared to hire a house with one room reserved for the landlord, nor did Christ want the life of those who reserved one room to themselves. He would call upon them to repeat the consecra tion pledge together. ? After the singing of a hymn the Rex\ ? W. H. Hanton gave an addrees, the subject of which was 'Consecration.' Consecration, he said, was the keystone of the Ghristian arch. It opened to the mind's life the true ideal. Ho had thought of the 'sweet reasonableness' of a consecrated life. If they would make life beautiful they must make it manly, because Christlike, through consecration to Him. He thought of the sacrifice involved in consecration, but lie would like to weigh tiie crown of reward against the cross. Christ had descended to the lowest depths of shame and suffering to gain for them the pearl of great price. Their consecration must be practical and reveal itself in tho development of the Master's spirit in them. The root meaning of conse cration was 'fresh offering to the Lord:'' Consecration was the synonym of holiness, happiness, and Heaven. ' At this stage of tho mootinp; telegrams were read froiii Sydney and Queensland, and greetings wore received frctn the various district unions represented ; tliese consisted of song or passages of Scripture. The Rev. E. H. Ef.us gave an evangeJistic address, taking as his lext Keb. iii., 7— 'The Holy. Ghost saitii to-day.11 He appealed earnestly to any who liad not yet decided for Christ to make that the occ.ision cf a full surrender. Men livud in vestwdavs and to morrow?, but God's lime was to-day. He would that his text were emblazoned on. ever}' heart, so as to haunt them in all the engage ments of life, Tho singing was led by the Christian En deavor Choir, consisting of 200 voices, con ducted ljy Mr. J. J. Virgo, with Mr. L, W. Yemm at the graud organ. The Victoria Hall meeting was woll at tended. The Rev. S. Mead, an, ex-president of tho union, occupied the chair. The Revs. J. Read a;id W. Bell led the meeting in prayer. The Rev. J. Cowpehthvvaite gave an evangelistic address intended chiefly, he explained, for those who though connected with Endeavor societies were not living in vital fellowship with Christ. He had been much encouraged by the meetings held during the convention ; yet there wore some who re garded the movement as a farce. They were not in ignorance of the way of salvation. It was a reflection on their rationality that they postponed full dscision. Sin was the soul being out of har mony with God. Spiritual leprosy was widespread, and often failed to attract the attention its dim consequences merited. There were psople who would be willing to have salvation on their own terms. ? They would not give up attendance- at racecourses and other places which were not in harmony with tho spirit of the Master. They had not learned the value of eolf-s.icrj.jice. He would appeal to those present who had not made a surrender to Christ to make that the moment of decision. Tho Rev. G. Rayner had allotted him as his subject ' The spirit which should characterise consecration, aud elo quently appealed to all Endeavorera to culti- j vate that spirit. Greetings from several local societies were received, , usid two telegrams were read — one from Queensland andone from tho Endeavor Union of Sydney. 