Where Ignorance is Bliss? BY MARGARET DELAND, " AcTnon of " John AVahd, Pueaciiee." [?] Tho conclusion to which tho Rev. Mr. West came >vas that, if - his love for Amy was dcop enough and unselfish enough, ho would hold his tongue!- He believed that lie-had recognised that confession, apart from reparation, was tho refuge of tho weak mind. Havbig thus decided to bear alone tbe burden of his secret, he went early in the morning and told the woman he loved. . Of course, there is no explanation; of tliis vacillation and indifference to bis own judgment, except tbe mere statement that I10 was in love. "Amy. is trying on her dress," Sirs. Paul Baid, when ho wasusherod into the library, "so, if you want to seo her, you can go home at once. But perhaps you may condescend to talk to mo a little while ? " - I must see Amy, please," ho said. Ho had a way of putting people aside so gently and per emptorily that Mrs. Paul, who was not a yield ing person, never dreamed of protesting. '.'I'll toll her; bnt bIib really can't como down for 10 minutes. Do you mind, waiti ing?" . ' ( " Very much," he said, smiling. " Tell hor to como down just as she is, and let mo see her frock." '' : ; " Indeed ; she shan't do anything of the sort," said Mrs. Paul with indignation j but relented to tlio oxtent of letting him hove the library to himself, and going up stairs to send the girl to him. . ' " Amy. came floating in, with a white gleam and a rustle, and stood before him, bidding him not to dare to touch her ; though; indeed, heing a mere man, ha was far too uncomfortably awed to think of taking this gloriously white creaturo into bis poor human arms. " You are magnificent, but you aro not Amy," he said. "Do get on soma common clothes. I'm afmid of you." " That is as it should ho, Bir;" sho told him. I shall dross like this every day if it keeps you obedient. If I had hod on my wedding dress last night, you would not havo dared not to stay to dinner when I— wanted you." Hor look, through tlio mist of tulle, of soft reproach and challenge was too much for fear, j and ho boldly kissed lior, which made her pro- 1 test and flyfrom further risk' of crushing the I bravery of her wedding day. "When slio came back again in a' blue cotton gown trig and pretty, with a bunch of paiisics in her belt, thero was fortunately nothing to ho huit by being crushed. , ' Thero was a moment of tender and passionate silence. / His errand faded from "William "West's mind; tho reality of lifo was here j hit past was no more to him than tbe eggshell is to the eagle. So when, later, leaning forward in his cliair, holding her hand in his, looking into her pure eyes, ho began to speak, - it was almost oisunlly. As ho faced the great fact of human love, the question-of. tolling hor or not tolling- her, oi thpt ol iledrafflbbmied sin, was sud denly umiARPntotfioy Talbeach other. ' ; "Doap£Jd) said,. "I've cbn&wtoll; you some- tiling. /Vfifljit yo'ii /laid Inst iiifiiihout having no reserves'/put itmto' lUv, heS5.A I had for gotten it.";/;: "o )M) It was clmraoteriatio of,, thtjmMl that "there was no preamble. '"Hip iroriiBero simple, and ho was perfectly matter oF'foct end unanxious,. so rauoh so that Amy laughed a little. . "Wore you a year-old criminal?.. Woll, toll me at once. I may reconsider, you Jknoto." There was something in the. assurohco of her gaiety that- jarred a' little, and he said,' seriously: . " It is. a wrong doing of my youth, Amy. I'm not euro that it is not selfish to toll you atiout it ; but I can't boar tho feeling of holding any thing back from you." An answering gravity came into tho girl's face, but slio smiled. "Tell me anything; I am not : afraid to hear." , - . Her innocent pride gave him a moment of sharp, discomfort. OurioUBly enough, what ho had to tell her had not connected itsolf, in his mind, with personal embarrassment, it hqd been too remote for himself. Ho found himBelf hesi tating for a word, and grasping after the philo sophic indifference to all but love, which he had felt hut a momont beforo. " Perhaps I om a fool to tell you," he began ; "It may make you unhappy, and " A.startlod .look came Into Amy's eyes ; then the color flooded up into her face. She lifted her head with a beautiful, imperious gesture, and stopped him with a word. \- "I — understand. Don't toll me. I— under stand." She bit hor lip as sho spoke, and her eyelids quivered as though the tears had risen suddenly. "You understand?" ho repeated, in a puzzled voice ; "do you mean you don't want me to tell you ?' ("William, " she said, in a low voice, "I do not think a woman has any business with a good man's life: in the past ; if— he was not good. lam not a young girl. Inm old enough to know that a.- man's life and a (girl's life are — different ; but don't toll mo. I — love you. Don't - tell me-" She trembled as she spoke, but lior ' eyes sought hiB, filled with love and Brief..- ;A wavo/bf - tenderness mode, his whole, faco melt and quiver ; he murmured something of his undesert of. Buoh love as this: "Youaro not like other women, ho -told her,- as every lover has told hie mistress, sinco tho sun first shone on. lovers. " That sin, the mean woman, does not forgive. And yet, it ia so muoh more pardonable, than others! Moro pardonable, dear, than what I want to tell you." She drew a quick breath, and smiled ; Ah," sho said, "I'm glad it is not that 1'' Her rcliof "was bo apparent that ho realised how nuBtcrcly. eweot her face had boon as sho for gave liim. It gave tho man a sonso of. the meaning of the divine lovo . coming down to earth for us eion — a lovo whioh lias an under standing of sin, only possible to sinlcssncBS. He was abashed before her, and it seemed to him his lovo was a form of worship. "Go on, and tell me," she said, "I'm not afraid to hear anything now." "What would bo the hardest thingto forgive ?" he aBked her. She flashed a look of pride at him. ' "Ah !" she said, "the tiling I could not for give you could not do." This mndo him glow ; after all, who would not confess anything to ho met by such confidont love as this ? " This happened long ago, Amy ; when I was 1(1,1 forged ablieck for BOO del; "Forged !" her lips fell apart; aho sat stariiig at him. - He was holding hor hand, lifting it to his lips sometimes and looking at it as it lay in his. Ho ' went on quietly, "It was when I was at college ; I needed money ; and poor, desperate, wicked, silly young mam I forged Professor Wilson's name. I don't know what I Supposed would become of mo when' it found out. And I don't know what would have happened, but Henry Wilson died before tho month was out, anil so, by some strange chance, it never was discovered. If it had. been— well, you and I would not have boom here to-day ! Human Justico would have intor- posod beforo Divine Mercy " . Ho looked up with a solemn elation which Boomed to put self out of his mind ; " I might havo gono lower and lower 1 Who can say? It was an easy thing to do, for I was his soorotary and ho trusted mo. That, of course, was the most horrible part of what I did, the part tlmt now seems to mo in comprehensible— the broken trust I Well, of course, I mado reparation, as I called it, out of the : money lie left mo. I gave away many times tho amount I stole; hut it wan only be cause I was scared at tho risk I had run, and the thought of it harassed mc. It was a sort of exjpodient morality, a sort of bargain with my conscience for peaso of mind. Then, about a year afterwards, I met X . I hoard him preach, and life ohanged. How extraordinary it seems to look hack upon it nowl Then, I , roponted. Before, I lmd only reformed. That wa3 when I entered the divinity school. But just think; Amy, just think of tho difference 1 j How life might have gone— yet, here I am to- 1 day, your lover, your husband ! Oh, the morby | of God." . ; Ho was docply moved. Ho got up and walked : the length of tho room. Amy sat silently look- I ing down at hor hands in lior lap. When he I came back his oyes wore full of peace. . (.'That is all, dcarost; now wo will forget it. I You know my life as you do your own." "Forget it!" sho repeated, with a sudden, | Bohbing.Idugli that toro at the man's heart. "Amy dearest! havo I shocked yqu so? Remember, it was 23 years ago ; I was only a boy. Let me tell yon how it was j I was madly in lovo with a woman, at loa3t, it was not lovo, but I thought -it was; she fascinated me, and — — " "Oil, go on, go on!" slio interrupted, hoarsely ; " as if that mattorcd !" Ho tried to tako hor lmnd, but sho mado a pretence of arranging tho flowers in her bolt ; hor head was turned a little from him. " "Well, I was possessed to marry her. Of courso slia . would not look at nio— a penniless oharity student ? But I straiued every nerve to win lier. It was tho old story : She took my flowers,1- or theatro tickets, or anything I could givo her ; curious that the morconorineas of tlio woman aid not revolt m»! But I- was mad about her. I thought , lit list that if I had money I could-givo hor somo jowols sho wantod, and perhaps she would accept inc. That was how it caino -about. Sho took tlio diamonds and eloped with a married man two days aftor- wards." . As I10 told tho Btory, thogrossnoss of it all oamoover him,— tho offence to tho exquisite delicacy of tho girl beside him. " But I ought- not to havo told you this," ho Btommored. " What?" she said, dully ; ' " Oh, about tho woman? It doesn't matter— that." She turned from him, sharply, putting tho back of hor hand against her lips, as though to hido their quiver. Tlion Bhe burst out : ; " Oh, why did you tell mo ? Why ? Why ' Oh, I wish you had not told mo 1" Sho' shook from head to foot. "But it will make no difiorenco 1. No, it shall make no difference ! I will not lot it make any difforonco. I am going to marry you. Only,—/ never knew you, Thoso moBt terrible words, those words with wliioh lovo destroys itself, came liken blow between the oyss, Ho grow very pale. Slio stoppod crying, suddenly, and. stood, panting,- b toadying herself by her hands upon his breast, and; staring at him. There was something almost terrifying in this suddon pause, and in hor burning look. -VW- ono»,tl-lin'"!; aho "don't you boo 'that lasts. It isn't liko— other things." 'fBulMt was not I," ho said meohanioally, " not I, tho man you-y ou tliought you know. It was a hoy, twenty-throo years ago. Amy Amy I Twonty-tliroo years ago I" Slio did not listen ; sho kept ropoating to hor- self— " It gfta« mako. ho difference. I will not. lot it mnko any diffcronoe." Alas,- it was not for hor to say 1 Tho difforonco was mado tho jewel orushod under foot is 110 more a jewel ; tho rose thrown into tho fire is no more a rose. Tho stained human Boul is no more tho innocent human souk "But you must listen to mc," lio said brokenly; "no, I will not speak until you aro calm. Sit down. Look at me. Now, listen to what I havo to say." Ho forced himself to speak slowly and gently, as one does to a terrified, unreasonable child. "Dear, I had forgotten it. So littio is it a part of my life that I had forgotten it. When I remembered it last night it was with a ssnso of astonishment, a sense of pity, for tho mad bov who did it. I had no personal shame— it seemed to belong to eoinepno else, whom I watched with Borrow and indignation. I do not beliovo- that to-day, more than 20 years after wards, I liavo any business to think of it." "Then why did you toll mo? '( Blie said, wearily; "oh, don't talk about it any .moro. I am going to forget it. Good- byo, I am.going up stairs. I have a hendaolio. Good-bye. ' She let her hand slip listlessly out of his, and loft him, standing blankly, with lijm parted for another protest. ; ;((.' Ab lie, went out, jiast tho drowingroom door, Mrs. Paul called to him. ,. ' ' ' /, ( "Do como lioro n momont, Mr. Woat. Isn't Amy pretty in hor wedding ai-OBs ? Y'ou'really muB.t tell m'e what to. do about ( 'something. Tlioro is a familyTr-r" and sho entered iipoii; a' puzsling question of rbliof work, her forehead gathering into a; frowii; ybt with her kind oyes denying tlio severe common Bonso of lior state ment, that if a man. will not vyork, neither shall ho cat. ' . ' . '( ' '(You see, wo. ".can't let the ohildron go lrairy,0 The eonsidefaUk'T-l-'hbmpeople'a weakness and wickedness' gavo WiUilinjJWtot time to get; Ills breath. r Ho Ilirovy himselfjiwmthb question with thjit.t.inteu/gpfm-yympa'tjYhieh, was ohnraotei- istibrof liim?'J tfoffspintod out this ; he suggested tIfali.-'/ho cloarcd 'file puzzlo out of Mrs. Paul's fiibqaud-all tho_tipm ni was half' deferred by a olatrmmpepritCt'- / . " Havo I boon a foiSH— Slfdvill novor forgot it. It will always be between us. I've boon a cowardly fool.") "Well, that's all settled," said Mrs. /Paul, with an air of relief. ; " now tell mo, what day shall I havo Ainy'B things sont to tho , -reotory before you arrivo ? And shall I tako the Bilvor from the bonk tho day. before ? Is; it Bnfo to leave it at yeur house ? I hate tho responsibility of other people's silvor I " "Oh certainly, yds," ho answered, suddenly nbscnt '; all tlio intolligcnco and judgmont of the previous momont swallowed up by his own blank and bewildering oxporienco. But somehow or otlior he got through the day. There- was a sorvico. in the. afternoon, and there wore other people's affairs ' and sorrows to remember. Fortunately, . thore always is duty for lis poor human creatures as a refuge from our thoughts, Duties to bo done snved "William "West .-from desperately " going back to see Amy "to oxplain. For I10 waa guilty of tho impulse of " explanation," the. babblo with which tho weak miud is forever annotating its remarks' or its. opinions. It almost seemed as though the yielding to his despre to confess bad keen the first brick in tho row to topplo over ; and tho next was tlio desire to excuse himself, and tho next to oxplain liim- Belf, and the next— tho next might bo slutmc, which, when it surges back out of the past, can destroy a inau's manlinoss. ' Well, tho day passed. In spite of a craving to soo Amy that was almost agonizing, lio held on to his common sense, and left her to horself. His lawyor camo iti in tho evening, bringing somo papers in regard to certain property whioh it was tho minister's intention to make, oyer tq his wife, and tho looking tlieso over, and tlio business talk, was a relief to him. He bogan to feel that ho had taken Amy's perturbation much too soriously ; it would be all right; sho would soo things dearly when the first dismay had passed. Ho thought, tenderly, that lio must not let hor feel any, regret for having for a momont shown him hor pain lit what he had told lior. Her pain was only part of her exquisite goodness, that goodness which held her, remote and lovely, liko somo. pure and luminous star, so far above tho sordid meanness and wickedness of common lifo that alio. could not understand thorn, perhaps, oven, Bho could not pity them. Only tho sinlcssness which was in all points tempted liko as, wo are can at onco understand and pity ; his thought, chastened and passionate, flod back to liis Master for comfort; thoro was no reproach of Amy in his mind. It must havo bson 10, a3 lio and Mr. Wood-' house sot beforo tho broad writing table, with tho litter of papers and memoranda before tliom, that John 1'uul buddonly burst into the room. . Tho. senior ..warden's-'- strong; kind fivco was flushed ; ho was plainly profoundly disturbed and upset. "WeBt," ho said, explosively, and 'stopped, Boeing that tlioy were not alono. " My dear follow — -my. dear "West," lio. bogan. again; stammering with agitation, "can I seo you a moment? A matter of business, AVoodkouso, if you don't mind. Can wo go into another room, West?" i Rut the lawyer protested that ho was just about to go home. " I havo a wifo. You'll seo how it iB yourself, Billy, pretty, soon ! -Lois allows mo twenty minutes leeway of tho hour -I name to get homo, iind U I'm not back tben alio threatens to send a policoman after mo- 1 Good- night, good night, John."- And ho went whistling off into the night. Tho minister had not spokon. "Look bore," John Paul said as tho front door banged, "what under tho sun is this busi ness? Good Lord, West, Amy's sent you. a letter. Kate told mo to break it to you, but I — oonfound it, man, gp and read it, The girl's read it. What are wo going to .. AVithout a word WiiliAm AYost took.tho lottor and read it, standing facing Mr. Paul. "It looked, John Paul told his wifo afterwards, as though ho died, there and theu." " You were right to toll mo/ only please— - ploaso dontmako mo marry you." I cannot.. L could never forgot. I cannot marry you. There s no use talking about forgivpnesi).. I don t want you to forgive mo. I -want vou to hate mo ; then you will auffor Iobb. JIato me. I m not worth anything else. I'm going homo to.morrow. It can bo said I am ill, And the wedding Is put off.. I am ill ; it won't bo a lio. 1 lease don t„ auk to . seo . mo. I cannot boo you.— A." . "Forgive mo." AVilliam AVost sat. down, folding tlio letter between his fingers. Tlioro s - nothing to bo said." Ho spolco very quietly. .Thou lie opened tho letter again- and looked down at it. ' i j - tor, God's sake," John Paul ontreatod Mm, 'listen, man I Don't tako it liko that/ iho girl 19 out of, her head. Horo, pull your- self togothor 1 It s a passing whim ; you will iV 01 P ker bouscb as Boon as' you see her. w Sho will not boo me," ho said. As ho anoko hia pyoa caught tho bond lino of tho deod of gift, and ho road it absently. nr,"?11'0'8 to 800 you," John Paul said angrily. What's tho matter with lior? Ia 8ho out of hor BOUBOS? AU I know U what Kate told mo. She oakod mo to bring you tho letter. Sho said Amy had broken lior mont. You could have knocked mo ovor ufa etraw. Slio wouldn't givo any reasons 1?? I'm touched by this business. If a wl ray household suddenly forgets hono7"nd common decency, I'm touched by it TT,-?-! you vc givon her causo ?" 5aa Ho walked up and down, breathing hard hi. hands tliruBt into his pockets, jingling his ikirh keys for tho moro roliof of doing somothw poikot'" AVC8t PUt th UtU nt0 '"to hfj " I'vo given her cause," hp said. His senior, warden stopped in front of him and looked at him oiiticnfly : "You're lviiic S mo. I know you 1 It's a girl's whim touched by itf I toll you. She's t momtr 5 my family, Wost, I shall see her (showould't see mo before I started hero), and straighten this business out. Knto is nearly dead with it My wrfo looked liko a ghost when she camo and told mo, and tho woddmg day after to-morrow 1 No i .I m going to straighten this thing out AYhat I want you .to do, is to toll mo, man to man, who started, it? \- /'Amy is perfootly justified," AVilliam AVost said, dully. Itold her tlii3 morning that I liau committed a forgery." ; ."A — — I"; Johu Pnul sat down, his month open, km ptomp hands on liis knees, his eves starting from lus head. i " You aro out of your Benscs 1 William; Wost laughed Dliortly. I tliiuk/ perhaps, I was .whan I told hor Ypsilwasa fool. It was tweuty-three j-cum ago ; I had just nbout forgotten it. AVlicn I remombei-ed; I told her. It was too much for her. Sho is right .to atop now. ' If slio can throw me over, thank heaven sho lias dono so !" Tho. misery of- it broko out in that last Bontence. Tlioh; quickly, he told Amy's cousin tho story of -that long buried youth. AVhcn it was done, John Paul said huskily : " AVost, I don't know what to think of your telling her ; but I know what to think of »oh And I know what to think of Amv." ' AVilliam/ AVost said nothing ; ho took the littio note out of his pocket and turned it over and over. . ("Ho eeemed to go to pieces there, before my oycB,'' John Paul told his wife. "I tell yoii, Kato, I. jaw him lose his moral Erin! Poor AA'ost — poor, fellow I") fa 1 Mr. Paul sat helplessly looking at liis clergy, man; until bo liada senso of indecency in watch ing tho suffering of this silont human creature. Then ho siiid, vaguoly : - _ " I supposo you want mo to.clonr out? But just tell me ; what do you want mo to do?" "Nothing," said AVilliam AATcst. - "But don't you moan tomakoany effort to bring her to hor senses !" burst out tho other. "There's nothing to bo done," the lover said. " It's over— don't you soo V "It's not over," insisted Amy's cousin, "I shall soo hor ; this tliing cnn't go 011. I'll send for you, you aro woll rid of hor ; it will ho all right —— ." 'storming and protesting and con- tradioting. liimsolf, ' ho went out of the rectory, scarcoly uotioing that liis host saw him to the door and let him out in absolute silence. Then AAHliam AVest went back and locked himself into hiB- library. . "VI. . The senior warden of St. James was wrong when ho said that his minister lost liis moral grip. There was no doubt a time of upheaval and shock; n staggering under a calamity which seemod to havo no moral excuse, to be only a Benseless soaltoring of a human lifo. : But he got his halanoo- again. Ho made no effort to soo Amy. This was partly to eparo her, and pnrtly from a sense of the futility of argu ment. Tho thing was done. If sho married him ten times over, it would not ho tho same. Sho had never known him, and perhaps I10 had never known hor. But, for that matter, who of us knows tho other ? The question is, Is it worth while to try to attain or to bestow such knowledge. ' Gossip, of courso, lmd run riot when it was known that ho had been jilted ; but gossip, after it ranches a certain point of insult anil falsehood, becomes n soui-co of amusement to its victims. AVest, with his deli cate sense of humor, found other people's opinions of'ltis sufferings moBt interesting. It being, nobody's business but his own, only threo people besides Miss Townsondand liimsolf knew tlio facts,- tho Pauls and his own lawyer ; so no light was thrown upon tho subject to Mercer, whioh Beetlicd and bubbled and made itsolf wildly ludicrous. Tho minister wont away after that first fury of parish excitement was over, and eamo back in four -months, quite brown, with a good appetite and several very interest ing pieces of tapestry which I10 had picked upon the other Bido,':-- He dined a littio less fre quently at- tho -Pauls', and was never onco reminded that Mrs. Paul had boon instrumental in bringing him to Mereor. , He becninis, - perhaps, a little more of a mans man ; a littio more impatient with liis foininius correspondents ; a-littlnmora contemptuous of his assistant's extreme ritualism ; a littio less polito to tho old ladies, who thought liim less good looking, " since liiB disappointment. But So -took o (loop and paBsiouato hold upon nffairs— the conditions of labor, tho hideous pro blems' of vicoi tlio reformation of tho sordid politics of tho small' city in which ho lived. Those things filled his lifo. AVcro thoy enough . AVI10 knows ! AVo make husks into bread wlion tho soul starves. ; As for Amy thoro is another story. It was nearly two years after this Hint John rnul walked homo ono night with Mr. » ooil- house, who was also a Vestryman of St. James. Thoy liad boon sitting smoking by Al lllmm AA'est's firosido, talking over n at-riko which was on in ono- of; -tho 'mills, where it seemed os though tho righto lay ' with tho strikers— a fact which thoso gontlbmen lsolioved to ho inm"1- It'; was noarly -midnight when tlioy 'c't, reotory and went along" tlio- echoing street 'It Strikes mc," said Mr. Paul, "thnt you Imffn't much to say for youruelf to-iugut, liouae. j you'ro tho canniest fellow ubout giving an ojiimon, ' . you want to comuut )our "I havon't aiiy bpinion yot/'snid tbp oft« man, slowly, ; '.' and, somehow, I got to tmnKing. I shy,. J6hu.: after all, what do yen make 01 AVont's tolHiig Miss Townsend that matter . "I think sho- didn't know wlnolt sido hor bread was buttered," John Paul said, gru llj. " Oh. that's another quostmn,, tlio iowmr said , "I think almost any woman is too cood lor almost any mail. I wonder tkoy den t n'l hotter of it at the last moment, and throw us T,rHCw long havo you been married, Oil0"1?, tho- older man inquired cynically. y you what Kato sayB ; Kate nays if Ami throw liim over, slio liad a right to he tol . she thinks AVest ought to have told j10'; of \- "That's liko saying if tliero is a chance or breaking your nock by taking somo pro; (| leap, tako it," tho lawyer oomnieiitccl. |)M as Hook back 011 it now, and see he j agocl Billy, and— well, herdened him a unnecessary calamity, 'ufeK',vicwB nliout heredity, and all tlmt .inftliiriK." Mr. raul oxplninod ; I Blip. M „ ti nt ms something to do with her opinion. F? , a woman li»3 a «Sllt to sa3' her .lllUl- h ian"t have a— a Blindy character for a fto' That wn» too much for mo I I don't ' .I'llv contradict my hoss ; it isn't peaceful. CTbat was too much for mo I Billy. West ti«Jv l Igavc my wife a pioco of my mmd. I ,11 rou, Woodhouse, women arc hard. ' "Ws 1 but there's something 111 tlmt," the Uwrcr protested, " A woman Tins a right to Sc of Iter ohildren, and a posBibio moral ''"Jtorni grandmother !" John Paulbroko in. : s wet is one man in a hundred. I think lio's well rid of Amy ; I told him so at tho time ! whv look hero ; n man who has . not repented «f iii's sin has 110 inclination to confess it. Vj uying ropented and mado roparation, ' mnfeesion becomes a moro matter of expediency. whv moil heavons, Gilford, is there to bo no ? sin? What's all this talk about : L vciicss mean, if wo'vo got to rnl:o iret-ho ' mst and agonise over it as long as wo livo ? Isn't ftare any statute oMimitations in tlunga csiritual ? I don't boliove any largo mind " /.ells on its sins any more than on its rirtncsl And yot," ho ended, suddenly cool- 'Inz "I swear it is a difficult question, tho folngornot telling tho girl yon aro .going to 0"Syu bring it down. to oxpedieney, it's (jmpfo enough," Gifford Woodhouse said; "it mu obviously inexpedient. Even if aho had V married him and Bimply remembered, would either of thorn ho any better oil?. Would any r end be BHliservcd by putting suoh painful knowledge on her conscience as well as his own! It was not as though ho had ' a wifo with nine email childern and one at 'the breaBt,' eomewbero round tho corner, who might turn ep some day. That sort of sin affects the ro- Utionof the man and woman, and it's sitriplo . pradenco to confess. But in this case ox- pedienoy, you might ovon call it unsclfiBhnoss, . would make him hold his tonguo.. The only thing is, jierliaps, there is somothing higher than oxjioilienoy?' . They hnd reached Mr. Foul's door and ho pitched hie cigar into tho streot, and pulled out bis beys, shaking thorn on the end of their chain. "Yon mean, abstractly, Is it right fir wrong ! under circumstances like those, whoro no third person is, to bo cleared or benefited, to tell? . Boes honor demand confession . "Yes," sniil tho vestry, man. " Was it a duty to speak or a duty to ho silent ?' Tliero was a momont's silenco. . " Was West a fool or a saint f insisted the jonnser man. . . "I llbehangod if I know," said tho senior wirda. The End. 