POLITICAL POINT3. The National Defence League of New Zealand has discovered that it is not popular. The complaint seems to run in the family. The Liberal Union ought to be fairly launched this month. A meeting of delegates will be held in the Co-Opera tive Hall on Friday morning, Septem ber 18, and it is expected that there will be present at least fifty represen tatives from branches that have been established in the north and south. In the evening a public meeting will be held, when short speeches and songs will be the order of the proceedings. Dick Wood is the " Know Every thing " of the House of Assembly. Russell, M.L.C, does not like to be called a Paul Pry. He doesn't fit the character in one essential particular— he doesn't carry an umbrella. The gallant Castine seems to think that school books should be provided free of charge to pupils attending private schools. Great Caesar ! What analogy is there between private and State schools ? Jenkins says that Giles is the most cunning schemer in the House of Assembly. And Jenkins, he ought to know, you know. That recent Opposition caucus which was kept such a dark secret must have had for its object the adoption of a more pleasant attitude towards the Government. It is quite cheerful to see Copley and Darling smiling at the Treasury benches. Caldwell would smile too only that he once tried the experiment and as a consequence lost a rhyme in a triolet he was composing on " Onkaparinga Butter." Castine twirls his moustache in lieu of a smile. Allerdale Grainger seems "almost persuaded" to become a Government supporter. How would Ally look sitting in Holder's place, think you ? Even stranger things than this have happened. Turner, of Victoria, is the youngest Premier in Australia, although Quiz in a recent issue did give him two ages. , Charles Maim was the first Austra lian born, leader of the House of Assembly. Sir John Bray was the first Australian born Premier. Presi dent Baker and Speaker Coles are both of Australian birth, and Premier Kingston—well, everybody knows where he was born. The O'Malley will have to get hold of some new expressions. He has pretty well used up the term " fly blister," and "sovereign state" is worn nearly threadbare. Dr. Campbell's face when he is pre paring himself for a speech is always suggestive of " Shall it be strychnine or ether ? " Is it a fact that there was only one candidate for the House of Assembly who did not send in an account of his electioneering expenses because he could not conscientiously say that he had spent less than the sum authorised by Act of Parliament? Let's have him out at once and stick him up next to the Queen's statue in order that he may be duly admired. Carpenter should make sure of him self. He accused Solomon of being elected by the Chinese of the Northern Territory, but the Chinkies up aloft don't vote. In East Torrens they do exercise the franchise. The bona fide traveller and lodger are breathing freely again. The at tempt to deprive them of their Sunday beer has resulted in a failure. For goodness sakeletus have the referendum on this Sunday closing question. The teetotal party claim to have the numbers. Let us see. Ash accuses Carpenter of bullying in " a mild ecclesiastical way." This is Ash's style of insinuating that Carpenter ba3 the manner of a local preacher, which is a true bill. Solomon admits that he has broken the Sunday Closing law. "Who that likes a drink*has not done so? And who would not do so again even though hotels were surrounded by police with teetotal spies at every keyhole 1 It's all very wrong of course, but when a man wants something and finds it difficult to obtain, he will go to any trouble almost to get it. There is a keen pleasure in breaking some laws. It's like the small boy and the jampot in the locked cupboard. The following by Walter Besant in the Queen is commended to the notice of Prohibition members of Parliament: —"Died the other day at Islington, Susan Glendinniog, aged 95. She drank a whole bottle of brandy a day— There was an old lady, and what do you think, A bottle of brandy a day was her drink, Such habits what lady expects to survive— She was cut off quite early at ninety and five. At ninety-five ! and a bottle of brandy a day ? It is truly admirable. Per haps this way to a long life after all is ... . but, my friends, it is too lite for some of us to begin. I, for one, do not like brandy. School girls and students beginning in time will no doubt find a bottle of brandy a day certain to prolong their days to niaety-five." "Sir " Robert Fitzgerald introduced himself to some of our legislators as a m *n having a mine to sell. Then he was passed on to Mayor Tucker, and then—*ell, he offered to play an organ solo. The Forrest Government wont con struct a railway from Norseman to Kalgo >riie if an official estimate of the cost will smother the project. People open their eyes when a sum of <£650,000 is mentioned. The Liberal Union and the National League meet in Adelaide during the same week, but there is no suggestion of bowie knives or revolvers yet. The fight will really be at the polling booth. Who is to be the second candidate for the Southern Division of the Legislative Council in the Conserva tive interest next year ? Some seem to think that it will be Charles Goode, who recently made a trip through the district Others again assert that the candidate's name will begin with an " S " and end with a " d." A newly elected member of Parlia ment is said to have recently asked, "Which is the entrance out?" Name him. Some of Jimmy Howe's friends have taken to calling him "The Laird." There are some points of resemblance between the Hon. Jimmy and Du Maurier's well known character. D< ar Quiz—If the pubs are to be closed altogether on Sundays I intend to start an agitation for the closing of churches altogether on week days. I shall do this solely in the interest of the poor overworked preachers.— Yours, Didymus. Morris, M.P., seems to be a solitary man When the Assembly is not sit ting he wanders about the city like a journalistic ghost—getting up copy for the Star, probably. Did Dr. Allan Campbell take his medicine chest with him when he accompanied the Buxton family on the River Murray trip? Aconite, belladonna, mercurius sol, mercurius cor, nux vomica were all there awaiting gubernatorial absorption. It must have been the apotheosis of homoeopathy. 