Baptism of the Tsar's Daughter. Tho infant Grand Duchess Olga Niko laovna, iho Tsar's daughter, was bap tized ab Zarakoa Selo on Tuesday, * November 26, with groat ceremony. 'Tlio child aud ker nurses wero conveyed in a State procession of gilded coaches, each, drawn by six richly-caparisoned whito horses, through tho streets of Zarskoe vjcau Hum tuo jiivj. Aiiuur t imue to cno Great Palaco escorted by the scarlet coated troopers . of tho Tsar's Cossack bodyguard. A brilliant procession of membGis of the Imperial family, attended by their courtieFs and tho high officers of State, thon slowly paced through tho Palace to tho church situated' at one end of the building. Tho Mistress of tho Robes, Princess Galitizin, cirried tho Imperial infant upon a scarlet cushion, which was supported on either side by Count Delianof, Minister of Education, and _ Prince Lobanof, Minister for Foreign Affairs. Tho ceremony of christening, like aH ri'ea of tho Russian Church, ' is rather complicated, consisting of four' core monies combined — namely, renuuculion of the evil spirit, confession of faith hy the sponsors, tho Sacrament of baptism, and unction. Although the Metropolitan and members of the Synod officiate they cannot perform the baptism as they ?bejpDg to the monastic clergy.. This riflf is performed by tho priest and confessor of his Maje3ty, and, in accord ance with an ancient and curioas custom, the parents of the child are never present. The Tsar, therefore, retired to an inner room afljr receiving the blessing of tho clergy, and only returned for prayers after the actual baptism had been accom plished. This consists in ihc priest completely immersing tho child three times in the name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The priest dexterously plices the palm of his right hand over tho child's moutb, with the fingers over tho eyes and ears and then dips it face downwards into tho holy water. The baby is dressed behind a screen and is then gifen the Sicrament and decorated by tho Dowager Empress wi'.h tbe collar of the Order of Saint Catherine, and finally anointed with holy oil. The sponsors, with lighted tapers, each in turn carrying the child, also follow the priest three times round the font. These rites are accompanied by numerous prayers and beautiful singing by the choir. The sponsors wero the Empress Dow ager, Queen Victoria, tho Empress Frederick, tho Queen of the Hellenes, the King of Denmark, tho Grand Duke of Hesse, aud the Grand Dike Vladimir. None of the foroign personages, however, wero actually pro? out. The celebrated priest, John of Cronstadt, was in attend ance by special invitation. ? It is an interesting faat that tho Taar itsa insists,, cyntr.iry to all tradition and custom, upon nourishing her iufaut daughter herself. ? A 'largo /^number of . Russian peasant women woW gathered from varioiw parts of Russi i in drder^v^;. . that a suitable wet nuvse might be seleo 'Jr'' ted for the Imperial Grand Duchess. None of them was to ba the mother 'of fewer than two or more than four child- - ren, and those of dark complexion were to be preferred. Her Imperial Majesty, however, as tho latest oflici:il bullotin announces, has taken this important maternal duty entirely upon herself, and is probably the first Empress of Russia who has ever doue to. Her Majesty an«l the infant Grand Duchess continue to progress in the most satisfactory manner. 