Notes and Comments. Br EOVAL ULEND. CAIRNS is a great banana-growing locality. A steamer leaving tlie other day took away nearly 12,000 bunches. A CAEEIEE named GUendinning, well known in the district, recently arrived at Hughenden with four teams carrying 280 bales of wool. A GEE AT load of wool was taken from Townsville by the ll.M.S. India tlie other day. The number of bales was 2500. IT is said the Queensland penny stamp has undergone another change, being now issued with a figure 1 in cach of the bottom corners. TOE balloting for land at Urana, which concluded on September 25th, is said to Lave been the largest which has ever taken place iii the world for laud. THET have been starting a move ment in the Mackay district for a £20 per annum maximum wage for kanakas. It is also proposed to penalise farmers who exceed that limit. IN the words of a writer in a Mel bourne paper, at present the distinguishing features of Western Australia are dirt and drink. Perth is as dirty as Canton. It would be no use hosing Perth ; it requires to bo blown up with dynamite and not re-built. ANOTHEE injustice to Blackall, Longreacli, fcc.! Uarcaldine has now two new P.M.'s, botli having arrived about the same time. They do not work together, though, for while one P.M. occupies the chair at tlie old Court House tlie other P.M. presides at the Tost Office. THE captain of the Surrey county eleven, writing to an English magazine, re marked that Australian cricket is perfectly marvellous considering tlie small population, the absence of professionals who devote their whole time to tlie game, and the fewness of matches played. A BECENT telegram from Windorah says that the road from Birdsville to Hergott Is now closed for teams owing to the severe drought, but the Birdsville people can get their supplies from liockhampton via Windorah. Cattle drovers are paying men £3 per week to go to Hergott with fat cattle. IT is stated in London that OBcar Wilde has been quietly released from prison, and that be has left for Australia, where he intends to assume another name- something with a hyphen-and start a new weekly journal.-Poor Australia ! I hope this expres sion of sympathy will not make Oscar wild. EOCB tobacco excise prosecutions were heard at Killarney, iu the Warwick dis trict, and in three cases fines totalling £11 3s. lOd. were inflicted. These finish the cases in this district. In all Inspector Gabriel has seized 5251b. of Chinese tobacco, and between Warwick, Stanthorpc, and Killarney the fines amounted to a total of £12116s. lOd. THEY do things on a large scale at Coolgardie. A race meeting recently held there was a great SUCCCSB, and the Club found itself with tlie handsome credit balance of £1687 after paying off all liabilities. It was thought the secretary deserved kudos for bringing this about, so he was handed the pleasant little " lump" of £300. A FIEM of butchers near Suther glen, Victoria, had a surprise the other day when preparing a bullock in the usual way of business. The animal turned out a curiosity, for after being skinned it was found to have fourteen ribs on each side, being two more than nature generally allots to cattle. The bullock was only two and a-lialf years old, and scaled TOOlbs. BOEING in the southern districts of the colony is processing merrily, and although the water struck generally flows to a much greater extent than it does in the Central dis tricts, the contractors have to go pretty deep sometimes. Late reports state that the bore at Authoring* is down over 2800 feet, and no water has yet been struck, although a flow is daily expected; and the Arabella bore is down 2000 feet, with no sign of a flow. IN rejoicing over a slight fall of rain, which was considered to be better than nothing, and very badly wanted, the Roma paper says it is hoped there will be much more of it, for there arc long stretches of country all round where rain is very much wanted. For many miles the condition is that where there is water there is no grass, and where there is grass there is no wattf/. Persons travelling with stock know very well how distressing is jiucb a condition of affairs. SULPHUB introduced into the salt licks is said to be a very promising way to get the best of the ticks. Sulphur has a way of coming through the pores of the skin that Saraeites don't at all fancy. This seems to ave been the cure of the Sydney man who offered it to the Government for a trifle of £10,000 or so. He is now to be permitted to experiment with it, and may bring his ware to a good market yet. Figaro is continually digging at tbe " lit" which suddenly seized upon the Queens land powera-that-be, and which ended in the banishment of " Tattersall" and all his works from the colony. It published this last issue : -"Two items from Adelaide, S.A. :-As a result of the raid made on the gambling houses recently, three men have been fined in sums aggregating over £«. The first two prizes in Adams' consultation on the Metropolitan were won by two Adelaide men 'who live within half-a-mile of each other. 'What hum bug it all is, to be sure FOLLOWING the example of His Ex cellency Lord Lamington, who was admitted to the Ancient Order of Foresters in England, about fifteen years ago) Lady Lamington (says the Telegraph) has been Admitted a member of the female branch of the same order. On Lady Lamington signifying her willingness to join the order, the district authorities offered to arrange for her initiation in Government House, but her ladyship expressed her prefer ence for admission in the regular order at a court meeting. A special meeting of Court Evergreen liower A.O.F. (Female Branch) was held at the hall in South Brisbane for the cere mony, which was duly carried out. A PECULIAR accident to a woman is reported from Gympie, which shows that no one is safe from mishap, no matter what little thing may be engaging attention at the time. The woman at Oympie was occupied in the apparently harmless and simple operation of cutting bread and butter. She put the knife through a part of the loaf, holding the loaf against her body. Owing to a sudden move ment of someone behind her she turned sud denly, and slipping, fell with the loaf still held next to her. She thus fell upon the point of the knife, driving it some inches into her body. She was taken to the hospital, where an opera tion had to be performed, and the doctors think her case hopeless. THEBE was a case of illegally brand ing heard at the Emu Park Police Court, say6 the Arr/us, and the Bench went outside to personally inspect the cow and calf concerned. But the cow evidently came from a family whose estates had been wasted in litigation, and she charged the Bench aB severely as a lawyer charges his clients. The P.M.'s recent bicycle practice stood him in good stead; the gallant colonel declined to form himself into square to receive cows, and the lay justice put up a sprinting record. After successfully putting the law in motion the cow let go a series of bellows, so charged with disrespect and sarcasm that, had shebeen a biped, would have ensured her three months "hard" for contempt. TEE other day a man seeking advice from a western lawyer, rode up to the legal gentleman's office, tied up his horse to the verandah post, and went inside. After oc cupying some time with the business, the visitor at its conclusion placed upon the table a threepenny piece. " What is this lor ?" asked the solicitor. " Your fee, sir ; hope it is right ?" returned the other. " Excuse, me, 110 ; my fee is, of course, six and eightponce." "WeliJ" said the man, "all right. Six-and cightppnee are fourteen pence ; fourteen pence arc one- and-twopence ; oiif-and-twopence are threepence, and there you are." The visitor then left, jumped on his horse, and departed, and by the time the astonished lawyer re covered sufficiently to go to the dour, his crafty customer was a couple of miles away. THOSE who can't afford to buy a bicycle, or do not care about learning to ride one, generally say nasty things about others who delight in the exhiliarating exercise. This is the way in which a writer in a Towers paper shows his envy or something else: "Captain Wellington,* who has for some time been picking up an easy living as private secretary to various Victorian Governors, met with an accident a short time ago. Me is a bicyclist, and with the indifference which can only be inspired by the possession of a machine he rode across the thoroughfare, and met a tramcar instead of a citizen. The car had all the best of it, and the gallant captain is now in dock undergoing repairs to his hull and spars. The next tramcar I see I shall regard with affectionate interest." THEY do some wonderful things in W.A. occasionally, besides floating mines for thousands that may only bo worth units. A fire broke out on the stage during a perform ance at a theatre at Esperance, and some smart people became so flurried that they rushed from behind the scenes with a tin of kerosene to put out the fire, and dashed the contents over the blaze. It is only fair, however, to say that the men thought the kerosene was water, although by so doing I may be showing up their unfamiliarity with the fluid which neither cheers nor inebriates. When the oil was thrown on to the fire, gigantic flames^ arose to the ceiling, and the people commenced' to rush out. A panic was prevented by tile proprietor calmly walking along the stago'ex tinguishing the flames with a bucket oj water. THE saying that " Man proposes but God disposes," never had an apter or sadder illustration than occurred at Ipswich lately, when a young lady,.aged 22, died in the local hospital. This would be sad enough of itself, but it was rendered more so because she died on the day which had been fixed for her wedding. Pile was betrothed to e. farmer of Grantham, who, in view of his approaching marriage, had had a new house erected and furnished, whilst the deceased had got every thing in readiness for the eventful day. When the funeral took place tho mortal remains of the unfortunate young lady were taken to the grave clothed in the costume which had been prepared as her wedding garment, and thus did the anticipation of a happy marriage become disarranged, and the young lady become the bride of death instead of a fond husband. A NOVEL labor organisation has been formed at Newcastle, a number of wharf laborers, coal trimmers, and others having formally resolved themselves into a body styled the " Newcastle Free Laborers Benefit and Accident.Society." A prominent feature of membership is entire disassociation from any trades union, and the intention of the pro moters is to establish a society embracing men of every trade and calling, for the relief and assistance of its members who may become incapacitated by accident or sickness from following their vocations. A weekly subscrip tion is provided for to raise the necessary fund. Tfie society will not interfere in any way with the employment of its members. Each man will bo permitted to take work where and at what rate of wages procurable. Weekly meetings will be held in order to main tain touch between the members. THE B.M.S. Banffshire, from Lon don, is bringing a large quantity of macliinery, so it is understood, for the Central Queensland Meat Export Company's works, and. was ex pected to anchor at Port Alma last Saturday. FOUND sales in coastal townships are often no more successful in attracting fair prices from the pockets of those present than they are in the west. At Mackay, recently, several cows with young calves were knocked down for 5s. per head, and some steers, it is said, were parted with for a " bob" apiece. A TRAGIC incident in the Matabele rising was narrated in the Supreme Court, Melbourne, when an application was made to Justice Hood for probate of the will of Colin Campbell Jervis, late of Buluwayo, Matabele land, formerly of Murrabit, Victoria, farmer. Affidavits were read which detailed the circum stances under which Jervis met his death. He went to South Africa, where he entered tlve service of the British South Africa Company as a trooper, and took part in the Matabele war of 1892, and for his services received a large tract of country. It is believed that, while mining on his estate, known as Celtic Camp, he was murdered by the Matabele natives about the 25th March last Justice Hood said he thought he should have some further evidence to connect Jervis with the man killed, and dismissed the application without prejudice to another application. IN referring to the disease which has fallen upon the rabbits in the south- west, by which they are dying at a great rate, the Brisbane correspondent of the Bundaberg Mail says :-I have always regarded something of the sort as inevitable. All plagues duo to ab normal multiplication, whether of plants or animals, eventually run themselves out, either choked by their own fecundity or degenerated, devitalised, by drawing too largely on the capital of life. The most prolific sourccs can be overtaxed. So the rabbi* and tick are bound to run themselves out in time. The only question is whether they may not run us out first. So far degeneration among the rabbits seems only to have reached the disease stage, not that of sterility or imperfect propa gation. There is no saying whether, if even one pair of bunnies survive, they may not stock up the country once more. This is not the first time disease has all but exterminated tiie rodent pest. AT the Gladstone Police Court H. A. Maclean, of Westwood, acting inspector of stock, charged John Palmer, selector of stock for Lakes Creek, that he did on or about August 14tli last, unlawfully travel a horse from north to south of a line proclaimed in an Order-in-Council dated July 25th, 1890. De fendant pleaded guilty, and in extenuation said he crossed the line under the impression that if he greased his horses well before cross ing the conditions of the Act would be com plied with. He could prove that the mare he used was well rubbed with grease before she entered clean country. It was pointed out that already four or five convictions had been obtained and fines of £10 imposed, and it was now time to inflict a heavy penalty-one that would deter stockowners from breaking the provisions of the Diseases in Stock Act. The maximum penalty was £100, and under the 23rd section the prosecutor's lawyer pressed for a heavy fine. The Bench imposed a fine of £10, with costs amounting to £12 8s., a total of £22 8s. TUE Maryborough P.M. gave it as his opinion the other day that there were far more public-houses in Maryborough than were required, and that a large number could be dispensed with without inflicting any great harm on the citiwns. As chairman of the licensing bench he was determined to exert his influence in cancelling the licenses of those publicans convicted three times for a bleach of tin* Licensing Act. One of the local papers said in reference to this that if the residents wanted to see less hotels, they need not wait for the Licensing Bench to close some of them. Tliev can close up as many public- houses as they think fit, if they choose to exercise the powers conferred upon them by the Local Option Act. By the way, I have seen nothing more lately about altering the name of Mary borough. When it is done the word Mary should be retained, for plenty of pretty names can be made up with it, and it is the name of the river. There is Marydale, Maryvilie, Mary land. Mary bank, Maryfield, Mary-ford, Mary town, &c.;, &c.;, which arc all good. WIIEN I saw in an exchange a tele gram from Adelaide headed " A tihost Story," I thought I had something good to keep for next Christmas ; but it was a fraud, for the " ghost" was fined £? 5s. for having walked the earth, which shows that when ghost6 emigrate to Australia they make a mistake. _ In this go ahead country hard-hearted police have no sympathy with their ancient privileges of frightening everybody whose presence they venture into, and haul the spooks up before the Bench. -In the Adelaide case the ghost was chargcd with unlawfully disguising himself with a piece of white cloth, and being deemed to be ah idle and disorderly person on the night ot 6th' Stay. Thomas Meddal, the principal witness, stated that on his way home he noticed a figure in white emerging from the West End Crfnetery and as the figure approached him he heard Uudd saying " Thomas Meddal, I claim ' you." Meddal answered "Take me then,'" and struck the figure with a stick which he carried. The ghost closed with him, and in the scuffle which followed the sheet was dis arranged and Meddal identified the ghost as Kudd. Defendant was fined £4 5s., including costs. If Meddal had been born a couple of hundred years ago he would have had about fifteen different kinds of fit in ten minutes ; but as ho appeared much later he merely bashed the spook with a waddy and wrestled with it. IT seems to be the fashion now for newspapers to issue colored advertising sheets in which the buildings are alleged to be illustrative of the town in which they are established. Winton is the last to figure on these posters, and although the Winton people do not appear to be so fond of bunting ns those of Hughenden, the general get-up is much the same. There are one or two differences, though, one being that the Hughenden picture did not contain a lady in bloomers biking along the main street. The artist also showed that lie is a better hand at drawing flags than horses, or else the Winton district breeds a very remarkable kind. In comparison with the buildings the horses prancing along with sundry toy coaches are about as large as William goats. It is the buildings, however, that look the best, and comparing them with what was the style of architecture about six months ago the people must have obtained Aladdin's Famp since the railway was author ised, and liberally used the services of the genii connected with it to so speedily make a change for the better in the town. It is a solemn fact that a gentleman who was there three months ago could not identify most of tiie pictures at all, and as for the grand two storey hotel on the top of the sheet, with large plants growing on the balcony, lie never remembered seeing it during his stay* in " in ton, and ono could hardly help noticing such an elaborate structure. 