®ij* - Jj&nrij;&lto.; A WELSH PRINCESS. *Bv HEDLEY RICHARDS, Author of ' The Omerod Mystery ' The Dene Tragedy,' &c.;, Ac.,' CHAPTER XXI Continued. SIR KEITH HAS BIS nOPES RAISED* In a few moments the baronet was being driven rapidly towards the city, while Miss Holdsworth took the precau tion of looking his card in her desk, as it was now both unnecessary and un wise to mention his visit to her father. Late the nest afternoon Koith found himself at the old Manor House, j The leaves had nearly all fallen from the trees, and tho garden had a neglected look, whilst the old mansion appeared dreary and forsaken in the fast-waning daylight. As bo ap proached the front door, ho noticed that all the rooms were in darkness, and that not even the light of a fire gleamed in the parlour where he had spent so many happy hours. Raising the knocker, he sent a loud peal through the house, and after a fow minutes a middle-aged woman ap peared at the door. He had expected to see old Hannah, or Winifred, and this stranger's appearance took him by ' surprise. ' Can I see Hannah ?' he asked, as the woman stood looking at him. ' Hannah's gone. Mr. David didn't care lor ber, and he sent Joshua off too ; so they just made a match of it,' ' Where are they living now ?' in quired Keith. ' Down along by the Moor. There's a lane as tarns down by it. Perhaps joi know it, sir?' ' Yes, I know the lane. Is their house far down?' '' About a tnilo, sir. It's a little larm a? Joshua took.' 'Thank you.' Then jost as be was leaving be paused, and asked if Winifred was still at the Manor. ' Yes, at ; but she's gone home just now. Her mother was took bad, bo I had to let her off. Yon see, sir, me and my husband takes charge here, and when Mr. David is at the Manor I do for bim; but he's not been lately, for be fancied he saw the young lady s ghost, and it upset him.' 'What young lady's ghost?' in ? s ? J r.:iu ? ? quirou iMttui, quiuttiY. ' Why, Miss Ap Bhees', to be sure. He was always thinking he saw her ; but neither me or my husband bas ever set eyes on her, so vet; like it's the branky makes him fancy it. He . drinks awful — not as I'm one for alighting the spirits, as of course there are ghosts, as every one knows.' ' Yes,' and with a ' Good evening' Keith turned away and walked quickly ove^the fields, and across the stile where he had first seen Gwen. Then he made his way along the road until ? became to the Moor, where he turned down the lane that wound at one side, and proceedod rapidly on until he came to a small fonnhouse. Keith walked up to the door, rapped with his stick, and presently it was opened by old Hannah. ' Lord bless ine, sir, so you've come at last !' was hor greeting. ' Yes ; aad I want to talk to you. May I come in ?' 'Ay, ay, sir,' said a man's voice from the interior ; and as Keith en tered be saw old Joshua seated near to the fire. ' Sit down, sir, if you don't object to our bumble house,' he said, push ing an armchair towards tho visitor, while old Hannah stood near, regard ing Keith somewhat coldly. The latter turned towards her saying : ' You think that I have behaved badly with respect to your young lady, I can soe ; but I have come to explain and inquire about her.' After this Sir Keith told thein all that bad happened from tho time he left the Manor House on the summer night until then. ' Tha villain exclaimed Joshua, when he heard of David Hughes' attempt to put Koith out of tbo way lor ever. After that Hannah told her tale. ' But never you believe as Miss Gwen is dead,' she said, in conclusion. ' Why, has she been here ?' Keith asked, eagerly. j 'No; the poor lamb knew better than come near that wolf a3 mado a will my master never told him to. But though I've not seen her, I know as Miss Gwen isn't buried in yon tomb,' she eaid, pointing over her shoulder in the direction in which the churchyard lay. ' But 1 let them bury that poor girl, whoever the is, with my master, because I knew then they'd give over searching for Miss Gwen, and I guessed she'd find a way of getting her own again,' said the old woman. 'But what makes you so certain that it was not Miss Gwen who was buried ?' ' Why, you know, sir, I went to sec her when she lay in her coflin at the Manor — Mr. David couldn't well re fuse me that — and I was left iilone a minute or two with the corpse. Then I just looked for a mark as she'd had on her from the day of her birth. It was a small fish, like a trout, between the shoulders, and it was gone — not burned, sir, for hor back was hardly scorched. I suppose she'd been laid on her back until she was got out of the fire. Anyway, it wasn't burned, and there wasn't a vestige of the mark. Then I knew that it wasn't Miss Gwen, and I just came away aud let them put the poor creature with the master.' When Keith beard this, and re membered what Marian Holdsworth had said, ho begin to hope that he should yet find Gwen alive. ' You have mado me very hopeful,' 1 he said ; ' and now, if you will let me stay here to-night, I shall leave to jncri-ow, and begin rey search for ycur jou-y miata*..' ' We'll put you up gladly, Bir, if you'll excuse tbe accommodation ; and may God bless and prosper your soarch,' said Joshua. ' Amen 1' echoed Hannah. [To be Continued, j 