A ROMANCE OF MAORILAND. tCOPYEIGHT.) ON THE WAIKATO. | • ! ; j CHAPTER V.—CONTINUED. A TEA WESTBURY. The aog stood watching me as I tried first the door and then the window, to gain admittance. Going further jr<pund to an angle of the building, where'there had recently been added an additional room, I discovered that the small, window .therein yielded to my hand. If was what is known as a cottage window and very small, but, after much tribulation^ I managed to squeeze my body through it and found myself in a room as dark as Hades. I carefully groped about me, not wishir^. jtp give any needless alarm. I coidd^istinctly hear some one snoring soundlyT the noise being a good imitation dfSffie lower notes of a French horn. Guided by the sound, i laid my hand on a plump form slumbering peacefully on a stump bedstead. I shook the slumberer somewhat roughly. In an instant the snoring ceased,giving place to a girl's voice, that.called out in accents of alarm, but with an unmistakable northern patios: " What thedeel's that?" " Hush, iny girl!. It's only—" " Wha are ye ?" she cried, sitting 6olt upright and stretching forth her arms. " Is it a ghaist .that.touched me? . ^he.Lord save us and,bless us ! it's no canny to be haunted," she mut- tered, in a lower Key and with trembling lips. " X am not a ghost," I returned, in a reassuring tone. ~ Have you matches and r candle handy ?'' " Matches ? .What gars ye speak of matches ? Talt yersiel awa." If my life had been at stake I could not haye held in the hearty guffaw that escaped me like a rifle crack at the tone of her voice and words. "Ah, it's a poor gate when ane meets auld Cloutie!" she cried, beginning to sob. "Blessed saints, save me from the unco wain!" My laughter rang out again and the Newfoundland .began to bark. " My good woman, don't you hear that I am only a man ?—a being of ' flesh and blood, like yourself ?" I an- .swered, .giving her another shake. " A man !" she ejaculated, in quite another tone of voice. " How dare you come in a decent lassie's room at this time of nicht ? How dare you do it ?" " Listen to me for a. minute." "I'll no listen to sic a foul carlie,' she responded quickly. " Shame on ye, mon, to come sneaking tae one's room when all the rest o' the house are sleeping " Confound it! Will you listeu to me while I explain ?" " Gang awa wi ye the same way ye cam, or I'll rouse the captain," she cried, sharply, raising-her voice to a higher pitch. " Cbme, march, out ye go through thewindow." " Which is Captain...-Hey wood's room?" "Which? Ah! ye would be at murder you villain?" she answeredj fumbling for the candlestick. "My dear madam, believe me -am-" " Don't fash yoursel', mon, with sweet words," replied my invisible companion. " Keep your blarney to cool your porridge. I'm no your dear madam, ye ugly loon ; and not to be bamboozled by fair blather. Do ye think I don't ken ye, Maister Davie Brock? Although ye are trying to change your voice I I ken ye, my.lad And what's more, I'll tell the captain what a false carle ye are, if I live to see the morn!" The welcome greeting of a match struck my ear as she concluded and in slantly the room was illumined. *' Why, you are no Davie, after ' she cried,.gazing at my blood-stained face, jtnd torn habilimentsin amaze men£ " Certainly not, I replied, gravely " If ypu JMdi.only condescended to list^to me for a moment I would havcf explained my being here at this hotA? "Oh, you would* eh ? Well, what do ye want?' 5 eyeing lue suspici ously. " I have an.important communication to make to Captain.Heywood without delay." " Gang to the but o' the men yonder r and see the Captain in the morning, t shesaid. m " I mus see him at once." o "Ye must?" "I must?" " Aweel, then, gang and see him and, I say, have the manners to close thewindowafter ye." . A,brave, brawny wench, this, with round,-fair face, big, honest eyes and arms as strong and .muscular as a village blacksmith, fit to go into the wil demess in co-partnership with some young and hardy settler to hew out of the primitive cliaos a home and foi tune for her progeny. I objected to make my exit through the window and begged that she would awaken Captain lleywood, as my information concerned the safety of the station. " I canna go to 'the maister in my sark V she cried, in some confusion. Gang out at the window for just two minutes and then Hi be ready to do your bidding." I was out of the window in a crack, and was shortly afterwards joined by my maid, who without more ado led me 'i0 round to a side door and r.inj; a bell. Presently a head was thrust forth with an old-fashined nightcap thereon, from one of the window?. " What's the matter ?'' cai'ed a voice resembling the sharp gr.uina of a handcaw on a nail* " Here's a man wants to speak wi ye, sir. I'.tnieul.u business " " Tel! the man to co to — Jericho •" responded the voice and the head and nightcap disappeared ; but in a moment a tall, thin figure emerged round the corner of the verandah, clad scantily and bearing in his hand a candle. I suggested that the maid should retire, as what I had to say was quite confidential, whereupon the captain (for it was he) held the light above his head and took a critical survey of my tout ensemble. "I'll take your figure head for your honesty, but, as for the rest of you, hang me, you seem to have experienced rough weather," he said coolly. I'm an old sea dog and not to be bamboozled by humbug, Now, what d'ye want?" I told my errand in twenty words, but not before the girl had retired. " Phew whistled the mariner; " is the wind in that quarter ? Well, I'll contrive the dogs a warm reception when they do come. How many did you say there were?" About fifty, Captain Heywood, as near as 1 could calculate" Humph 1 rather long odds. Never mind, sir, come in." I followed htm through a pair of folding doors into a weli-carpeted and lofty apartment, furnished most luxuriously. By the soft light of a costly bronze lamp which the captain lit, I saw that no vulgar taste had suggested the furniture and belongings of this apartment. From the thick maroon curtains to the soft, delicate-tinted paper on the walls, there was exquisite harmony, blended with artistic design. Nothing loud or showy cheek by jowl with rare bric-a-brac here. I have known people with more t money than taste make a furniture mart of their homes. Others, again, who had, abundant taste and very little money, have managed to make home comfortable and even elegant. In this apartment there was wealth and elegance combined; and the effect was charming. The captain, who appeared to be a hardy son of Neptune, verging on fiftyfive and with a jolly, good-humored face, bade me be seated and requested me to give him a detailed account of what I had seen and heard. Not satisfied with this, I had to give a personal account of myself as to how I became be-nighted in the Manaka hills on the Waikato. The request seemed reasonable and gratified him, just touching so much of my history as merged into the-question at issue " And so your name is Frank Leigh, you say ?" Yes; here is my card." Card !" he echoed in surprise;" do you carry cards?" "Certainly, Captain Heywood." " Of course; no offence, my lad. : "Leigh—Leigh?" he repeated to himself. " Leigh ? I know that name well enough. What part of the old country do you hail from ?" "A little township called Tetley, in Lincolnshire," I replied, smiling. The devil!" cried the captain, starting suddenly to his feet No, sir, I said Tetley," cried I, laughing. So you did, my lad. Why, hang me, I was born within three mil(!!i of it," ejaculated the old fellow, with much energy. " I knew a Colonel f Leigh who lost an arm at the battle of e Waterloo. He lived in an old tumbleddown ruin called 'The Pillars,' about a l half-a-mile out of Tetley." "The colonel was my grandfather, Captain Heywood. I was born— like my father before me—at' The Pillars.'" " You don't say soGive jue your fin, my.-boy. Hang me, I'm glad to meet you," he; cried, with genuine pleasure beaming from his feyes. " Lord love you, I've stolen many a ton of apples out of the old colonel's garden when I was a younker. And what a terror he was to gipsies and tramps and the like, with his one arm and his thick cane and his big, rough voice. Why, I remember him as well as if I'd only left the old country yesterday, and I've beefi on the Waikato these twenty years.' Once started on the topic of his birthplace, the captain went on for over j an hour with rapid questions relative to men and events which had passed into oblivion before I was born. It was useless for me to remind him of the pressing danger which hung over Fern Cliff. Not until grey dawn began to peep in at the window did he desist. Then he kindly led me to a spare bed oom, and placing a decent suit of weed at my disposal, begged me to ake his house my home vr run away ut of the threatened danger, as I pleased. CHAPTER VI. My Bohemian life had almost obliterated the latent ideas of luxury and comfort from my thoughts. The sight of a well furnished apartment, with all its cosy appendages to soothe the heart and mind and invite sleep were befuie my eyes. In my boyhood days jjst such another room was mine atThe "Pillars," of which the captain had spoken. Here were the solt carpet, in color to match the thick, close curtains that shut out the cold w inds and the black- ness of night: here I lie easy chair and slippers and the inviting bed, with its coverlet of thick white satin, its soft cambric sheets and the dainty pillows bordered with costly lace. Even in my fatigued state of body and with my mind full of the danger looming over the captain's domicile, my thoughts ran riot in wanton liberty of range. India, China, the Continent of Europe and back to the old ruin of Colonel Leigh in Lincolnshire. W'akingup from my reverie, my gaze encountered a face looking down at me from the opposite wall. It was only a photograph or crayon, depicting the head and bust of a young girl; but the picture seemed endowed with liv- j ing. breathing life. I have seen faces j on canvas that words cannot describe. So 011 the moving panorama of walking humanity that passes across one's vision have I beheld faces which an artist could not portray. The countenance before me was not strictly beautiful. There are certain beauty women," as there are certain " beauty men," in whose features one detects no fault—who are the show-figures of any party or assembly in which they appear —but who, some how, inspire no sen- - timent and excite no interest; they lack some expression, whether of mind or of soul or of heart, without which the most beautiful face is but a lovely picture. Vet the picture here reversed this order of things, 'lake the features singly, and they were by no means perfect, nor were they set off by any brilliancy of coloring. But the face aroused and impressed the imagina- tion with a belief in the purity and lovliness of virgin woman—woman untempted aud untainted, either by the follies or the vices of that mystery called society. The glossy raven hair, coiled up in a simple, luxuriant knob behind the small ears, together with the pale olive complexion, were certainly not English ; but the dark blue, lustrous eyes, shaded by long lashes, the sweet, expressive mouth, and the smooth white brow, were unmistakable characteristics of the Anglo-Saxon race. The luxury of a. bath somewhat compensated for my want of rest. I felt invigorated and ready again for any emergency. It was broad daylight now. I drew aside the curtains,"opened the window and looked forth. A 11riglit, beautiful morning, with the sun just beginning o gild the topmost peak of Mount Tarrara far away on the distant liorzoti. Below, the rich valley, prolific with life and beauty. As iny gaze wandered over the cistanfc ranges, I became - aware of an object slowly moving along between the tree3. Wafting and watching, I saw that it was a body.of men—armed men—Maoris, in fact. My first thought suggested Te Huri ; but no, as they approached nearer, I recognised lle'.vi aud my coutpauious vt the previous day's hunt. The young chieftain marched at the head of iiia .men and near him a Pakeha, whom I had never seen before. Wnile I stood watching their approach, Captain Heywood entered, armed to the teeth. Good woruing !" lie cried. ** Biess me, yo'.i look more ship-shape now. I see you have recognised the kingites approaching. J.t's aii right ;. ihere will be uo scrimmage after ail. " How did you ii.id means to communicate with Rewi i" 1 enquired, iu surprise. " All chance, my lad," he replied, sealing iiitnaei f. ' • Chance daes more for us betimes than the best laid schemes. My overseer, a shrewd fcllo.v. who knows his way about the Waikato as well as most men about here, volunteered to g" to the settlement of the king for aid. lie proposed taking a tliort cut over the range, which has evidently led him into the arni3 of Rewi and his hunting party, who, I see, are returning with hnu." " Then the Te Huri will not show fight r " Not a.bit of it," he answered, laughing. "The Maori banditti are too care- ul to hazard a light with anything like (jual numbers. It is only the defenceess whom they have the temerity to ttack. But,- by Jupiter! they would have found R?.lph Heywood a match for some of them." At the captain's suggestion, 1 went with hiui to meet the warriors, llewi expressed himself delighted to see me safe aud well. Mine host, without more ado, marched the whole brigade into a large shed ; and, having ordered break- i fast for them, conducted me round the premises. I began to feel very hungry ere we had. gone the rouud of the stables, the gramery, orchard, men'a huts and conservatory of plants, &c.;, by which the placS was, fringed. •• 1 have a few friends staying with me at present in the house to whom I shall be happy to introduce you, my lad," he, said, liukiug his arm in mine aud leading, the way to the breakfast parlor. " Iu my experience." he continued, " 1 always found it bad policy to get up a. scare without urgent necessity. Now, I acted, on this plan in the present instance ; therefore, theie are seven or eight people yoy will meet in a few minutes: who have not the faintest idea of how near they were to a bullet or a Maori tomahawk." " You acted wisely, sir." "Of course," answered he drily. "Now, to give you some idea of the folks you will meet—first, there is my girl Nix." "" That's the inaid V'' "Maid? No, my daughter. I call her ' Nix ' because when she was a wee toddler she could never pronounce Inez (winch, by the way, is her name), but only Nix. Next on the list is a neighbor of mine, a widow, fair, tat aud for:v, aud who is sole mistress of one of tlie finest estates between this and Auckland. You will no doubt find Mrs. Blake a very fascinating woman ; but, your ear, boy, beware oi her, that's all. No. three "is the liev. Josiah Buckle, the finest athlete in New Zealand, but a grand man for a' j ] that. yuu are any hand at single stick | you may make him your sworu friend in I half an hour. The iounji personage is ! Major Bail, ji the Auckland Rifles. The gallant major is a geiitlemau,or he thinks he is, which is ali the same. an eyeglass and lisps like my Lord He sports Dundreary. Thesi there is Professor Siedenian, iravtrliing in search of the missing link, which l-.e trusts to find amongst the Waikato tiibes of the Maoris, or perchance somewhat nearer home. Seventh, Dame Trent, my housekeeper ; ai>d last j but by no means k-ast, .,H Victor Du- I pless, mv daughter's preeeptoi\ a Kr -nciij nun of tlie old school and, 1 may add, an j od-Jity in his -.v.™ •• (jaite a ptlasy of talent." J mentally » said.—To ct COKTISUED. \Y ± 