A BICYCLE RIDE FUR LIFE. I intended to break the record, as the slang phrase goes—no very diffcult matter, I reflected, be far as a Canadian winter record on the bicycle was concerned. To do bo, however, required judgment. I knew that I had the long rise into the forest before mo, aud I must reserve my strength for that. I went steadily on 1 I had crossed the level at last, and I knew I had done well. The light was bright enough to see the time, but I decided to wait till I entered the forest. It was uo longer quite so easy to keep the bicycle up to speed. There was more effort in the pressure on the pedals, a little more sensation in the muscles of the legs as I did bo. I looked ronnd. Yes, I had already made a rise of a good many feet. The slope was regular, but not steep enough greatly to reduce my speed. As I went I glanced from side to side—for I was conscious of the oppressive solitude of the forest; bnt my pace was not retarded for a moment. One of the sleighing party had been talking of wolveß. The winter, it seemed, had been an early one, and it cer tainly had been severe. The wolves, he had said, had been showing in packs not 20 miles to the north. There was not a sound but the low, crisp crunch of the snow under the wheels of my machine, and even that Beemed hushed and distant. Yet what was that. 2 Was it fanoy, or did I hear something Bhrill, piercing, yet faint, in the far distance on my right hand ! Surely there was something —if it was only the wail of a distant gust of wind moaning through the distant, pines 1 I bent over the bicycle and concentrated my energies upon facing the long ascent. There it was again 1 It was no wail of the northern wind—no swaying of the frozen forest. It was the cry of a living thing. It was nature’s savage complaint Rgiinst the pangs of hunger. Oo and on we Hew. There was not a breath of wind to stir the slightest snow flake on the tenderest spray, yet my hair was thrown back from my brow, where great drops of perspiration now gathered and began to trickle down my faoe. On and on 1 without a thought but that of pressing forward, without a hope but that of reach ing the descent of the Blope, and the edge of the forest. And ns I went I knew that I was followed. From the dim arcades on my right came from time to time a short gasping howl, cut shnrt in the moment of utterance by the exertions of the chase. They had seen me, and now they were in full cry. It was a race for bare life. I: leant forward, and threw every energy I possessed into the one-effort to press on. The trees flitted past me like ghosts. The long hanging boughs nearly brushed my faoe as I swept past. The cold air blew in my faoe and carried even the heavy fur of my coat behind me as I rushed through the night. And yet my pursuers did not lose ground. On the contrary, they were gaining. Not quickly, not with a rush; bnt slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was deadly; with a monotony that was ghastly beyond ex pression. I clenched my teeth with fierce determination. I kept my eyes fixed on the line of light that stretched on and on in front, as if it would never end 1 The strain was telling on me now. There wa9 a wild buzzing in my head, there was a woary feeling growingin my limbs, there wasa despairing sense of the uselessness of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate it was nowthatfor the first timelsaw something of my savage pursuers. There was a shadow on my right—only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. It was a head—a long sharp muzzle—the mouth open, the lower jiw hanging, the ears erect 1 It crept.oo. Little by little it gained on me— an inch—only an inch at a time, but always an inch more ! This shadow became a horror to me. At last 1 The long straight road made a curve to the right. Not a sharp curve, but enough to bring me to closer quar ters with my untiringpursuer. Ina moment as I pressed upon the handles and followed the sweep of the road he was upon me. In a moment the shadow had. given place to the substance—with a long panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my side. He was old, for I could see that his hair was grey ns it showed in the moonlight. His huge mouth was wide open, showing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue hung from his Blavering jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red coals gleamed from, beneath the thickly mntted hair that hung over his face. There waß a look of exhnustion about him that for the moment increased the horror of his appearance. Involun tarily I swerved as he sprung, and his great jaws came together with a snap not au inch from my knee. His leap had cost him some thing in speed, and he fell back quite half a yard before he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change from the gathering horror of his pursuing Rhadow, and the change aroused me. My hand went instinctively to the handle of Bob’s revolver. The familiar touch seemed to reassure me. I weighed it in my hand so as to grow accustomed to it. II dared not turn in my seat, and yet I must get a shot at the grizzled leader of the pack. Insensibly I slackened my paas for a second or two; insensibly the huge head crept up once more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a little in front of my foot! Onoe more he was gathering himself together for a spring. Once more, his blnod-shot; hungry eyes were turning toward me as he kept up his long leaping gallop. It was the moment. Quick as thought I fired. The ball struck him—Btruck him, I think, on the shoulder, for with one fierce snarl, that seemed tn express pain, disappointment, and ter ror all in one, be rolled over in a heap almost against the rushing wheel of my bicyole. There was a pause in the chase. . Once more I turned to the track. Once more I concentrated' every energy to increase the distance between myself and my relentless pursuers. The welcome, respite was but a short oae. My head swam dizzily with my exertions; my brain reeled with the long and fierce excite ment; my limbs grew numb and heavy under the desperate strain. Thank Uod 1 I was on the downward slope. Thank God ! there was at last a prospect of escape. The descent made itself quickly felt. Exhausted as I had been, I couldn’t have kept it much longer, and I must have been overtaken. Down the long smooth slope we rushed at a pace that was momentarily increasing. I looked behind me once more. The wolves were following still, but they too wers grow ing exhausted. I glanced at the ascent beyond the bridge; I glanced at the laboring pur suers behind me—l could do it still ! I dashed at the bridge. I was across, and now the weary ascent began, I bent over the bicycle; I forced my weary limbs to exert themselves onoe more. For fully a hundred yards the ascent was steep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower and slower I seemed to go with each moment. The perspiration poured from my face, my legs nn,d ankles burned ns if steeped in liquid fire. I clenched my toeth and gripped the handles as if for bare life, nnd at each slow turn of the wheels I seemed to myself to hear the pinting of the wolveß behind me. At last I did it ! At tho top of the Blope I turned aud looked behind me. Tho moon light shone white on the grey leader as he bounded on to the bridge; two others followed him closely, the rest were scattered behind them on the road. Not one had bb yet abandoned the chose—not one had given up hopes of the prey. I drew my revolver from my belt onoe more, I rested the barrol for a moment on the handle of the machine. As tho leader neared my end of the bridge I turned and fired. I hi; him. With a eharp howl he sprang into the air and fell half aornss the parapet, then he turned over and I could see his body I glance whitely'as he plunged into tho river below. Exhausted as I was, I found that I could make an effort still. I could hear nothing of the wolves, but yet for aught I knew they might be following still. Imagi j nation supplied the places of my dnll senses, and I could fancy I beard their panting behind me—l could even imagine the sharp saufiliiig af their feet on the snow. Suddenly a broad Btream of light fell across the road. There was a sound of voiceß which sounded strangely far away; there were the figures of men, though they looked like the men we see in dreams. My bicycle swept on, but I could no longer control it. Everything swam before my eyeß, my limbs refused to move any longer—l felt that I was falling—fall ing—and I was canght in Dr Jackson’s strong arms.— Scribner’s Magazine. 