WINNING HER WAT OttJa'TEii. XXXV (continual) Having paid .thoir eixpeuco each ne entrance foes, thoy passed over tho stono bridge across the moat, and found theineelvee within tho outer ward, between tho two' line* of the walla. . - Hero, overpowered by the spirit of tho past, they looked, around them, feeling something of the awo that children feel in a churchyard in the dusk of evening. Tho spirit of the past was iudeed beforo them ; and not. only in the hoary walls of the middlo ages but in tho living creatures-of tho day ; for ilie wardera of the Tower, the extraordinary Seomen- of the Koyal Guard, commonly called the " Beef-eatera," were dressed in- the costume of the time of Henry VIII. One o£ these stepped up to General Lyon, and," saluting respectfully, rendered his service as guide ; ? ' And there are tho buidings, and there the costumos, this is the ground, and that the sky, that mot tho eyes of beautiful Aune Boleyn as sho first camo to this place a brido and a queon, and .la?t aB a victim aud a conviet,' murmured Drusillfl, dreamily, aud half unconsciously. - ?Queen Annie entered by that postern at the water side when Bhe came here in state bofore her corona tion ; but tho last time sho was hero she was brought iu by tho Traitors Gate, bofore her execution,' said tho literal warder, speaking just as if he bad been an eyowitnoss to both pro ceedings. ? Drusilla stared at him, and thought he.roally might havo beeu an actor in those long-past tragedies; in his costume of that day lie'looked liko ? ghost of tho past. ' AVhero wns Lady .Tauo Grey brought in when sho was brought here a prisoner?' ?'Through tho Traitors' Gate. ' Ah, it see ins that all who offoudod majesty in those palmy days, howovor innocent thoy wight havo boon, were traitors. AVhero is that Traitors Gate ?' 'Some distance down the southern side, my lady. "Wo will couio round to it presently, when I will show it to you.* _ . Thoy woro now making tho circuit of the Outer AVard, passing up tho wost side. ' There, sir, are the old buildings once appropriated to the Alint, which is now removed to a handsome edifice on Tower-hill, which I will show you,' said the guide, turning to General 'Lyon. And the general and Dick gave him their attontion. But Anna and Drusilla were uot interested in tbo mint, aud reaioin bered Tower-hill only as tlio scone of tho execution oE Ijord Guilford Dudley.. Passing on, tho guide pointed out many objects of interest; the two .strong bastions —the Jjegge Mount ?and the Brass Mount—defending tho north-western aud north-custom angles o£ tho outer wall ; tho Iron Gate and Tower at tho south-onsterii angle'; tho sito of the ancient Well Tower, and the remains of tho Cradio Tower. Thus they came on at last to St. Thomases Tower aud the Traitors Gate. , ' There it is, ladies and goutleuion, Baid tho guide. 'Ob, how mnny fair and stately beads .have passed under that awful arch !' murmured Anna.- As for Drusilla tho time for talking of. the'so things was past with her. Sho. was too deeply impressed for speech.'; General Dyon and Mr Lamond in stinctively uncovered their heads in ,tho presence of tho dread monument ?'of human suffering. ' Yes, ladies and gentlemen, hero passod to their deaths the beautiful Queon'Anne Boloyn, tho fair Queen Katharine Howard, the lovely .Lady Jauo Grey, tho courtly Norfolk, the accomplished Burleigh, tho venerable Thomas Moore ' ' 'Andhundrods and hundreds more —the victims of tyranny and bigotry,' Baid General Lyon, cutting short the list. 'That's so, sir,' admitted tho guide. ?All, if you had lived in those days!' ? ''Did you ?' inquired Anna, turning upon him. The guide smiled. 'I almost think I did, ma'am, some, times —what with living here, and what, with going over tho history bo many times a day. This xvay ladies and gentlemen.' * And he led the way from tho Traitors' Gate straight across tho road to an imposing gateway in the Bloody Tower, leading throufih the oinbattled wall that encloses tho innor ward. 'This tower,' said the guide, ' is the scene of tho murder of tho two young princos, sons of Edward IV., as aassinatod by order of thoir uncle, Richard III.' . 'Can wo not enter aud oxamino it i 'The iatorior is not shown. It is occupied by some of tho olficora of the guard as private lodgings.' 'Oh, think of such an anciont and tragical place being occupied as a dwelling, whero peoplo eat, drink, sleep, and livo! I wondor what my spiritual condition would bo if I lived in such a place?' said Anna, gazing on tho gray walls aa sho passed them. 'This inner wall iB fortified by twelve strong minor towore,. all of them formerly used as prison-longings. . I will show.the' most interesting: oE .them as . we' go on,' said the guide. ?" v ?ut first I will take you to the Whito Tower, 1 ho' added, pointing to th? imposing ciladol that occupiod the ? centre. . . _ ' I should tako that to be the Tower the Tower/><"* excellencc. Pray, is that the placo -wliore the old monarchs of England used sometimes to rcsido bofore Elizabeth's time ?' inquired Anna. ' No, ma'am. Tho old palace of tlie Tower W:,H pulled dowu in tlio rcigu of Jiime?ll. It occupied the south-east an"le of tho inner ward —there, you „ee, on tlio site of the present ' Ordnanco-oflice.' ' What a pity a building so roplote with interesting associations should have been destroyed,' said Anna. * There, ladies and gentlemen, that moderu building which you Bee nfiainat the south wall of the White Tower, is the Horse Armoury, where tbe equestrian statues of our kings, in their ancient armours, aro arranged in (state;' ' ' . ,' .. 'Oli, yes, wo have tickets for the Horse Armoury; we will seo that at once, if you please,' said General Lyon. * OilAi-TEn XXXVI. Tho party crossed' towards the White Tower and the Horse Armoury. ' Sou now see before you, sir, the oldest and the newest of these structures joined together. Ihe White Tower is tho most ancient an well as the most imposing of the buildings,' eaid tho guide. 'So I should from its great sizu and central position," remarked the general. ? ? ' ; . 'It wae erected, sir, in 1080, by William the Conqueror, as aistroi.g hold against his enemies, the rebellious Saxons, who opposed his reign. It ia h magnificent ? specimen of Norman architecture. Tbe walls are of im mense thickness and strength. I will take you through it presently; but here wo aro at the Horse Armoury, which is tho most modern of all the Towor buildings—quite modorn. in deed—a work of to-day, comparatively speaking, having boon built in 1826. Your tickets, sir, if you please.' Dick, who- held the tickets, passed them over to the warder, who at once led his party to an ante-room of the Armoury, where thoy were to wait for a new guido to take thorn through. ' When you return hero, sir,' said the Ruido, ' I shall bo happy to show you through the White Tower, and all the- other towers of the innor ward. , ? Thanks, , said the general. And tho man touched his hat, and fell back. Thero wero several other groups or sight-Reere waiting in tho ante-room for guides to conduct them. And presently these guidesnppoared, bringing out parties they had been at tondmg. ?? . One of thorn, beckoning our friends to follow him, led thorn straightway into a vast hall some hundred feet iu length by thirty in breadth, dimly lighted on each side by stained glass wTndows, and decorated on tbo walle and ceiling with tho most curious and valuable military trophies and em blome. In glass easC3 undor theso windows were exhibited suoh wonders oE war like workmanship as aro nowhere else ?mlhered togetiior—helmets, gauntlets, shields, swords, spear*, lances, and othwr specimens of armour, won from manv a battlo-liold, etormed fortress, or Hacked city, of all ages of history, a:id all countrios of the world. And each curious specimen had its equally curious history or legend. Yet our party ecarcoly glanced at any of these, or heard a word of tho explanation uttered by their .guide. 'For down the centre of tho vast hall, drawn up as in lino of battle, was a >'i-im array of equestrian figures, clothed iu complete steel, being a line of the old kings of England, from the time of. Edward I. to the time of James ll'., each timn and horse iu tho armour o£ his day. ' This,'* said tho guide, pausing before the first figure, that stood upon an elevated platform at the head of the lino, 'is Edward 1., in the same ai-mour ho ia said to have worn on his invasion of Scotland. You perceive ho is represented as iu Ihe act of drawing-his sword. Observe, if you please, sir, this bonutiful specimen of chain armour.' # ? Thus tho.guide with his explanation of theso equestrian effigies oE the old kiugs, calling the attention of his hearers to the most romarkablo features of the exhibition, and fixing their interest. Each member of this, party was deeply absorbed in the subject; but none so dooply us was Drusilla. v iler susceptible nature received all the inllueuco, imbibed all the inspiration, of the scene. Her vivid imagination carried her centuries back to the. storied age in which all these dead and gone horocs actod. ? Henry Vl.,\ said* the guide, pausing before tho. oi?gy of that un happy king. ' Notice, if you please, sir, "this splendid spociraen of scale armour, Bometimos called tloxible armour.' .1 Drusilla gazed on, drinkiug in every word that foil From the oracle's lips; and ilc?op in tho romanco of mediioval history, when, scdden.y looking up, alio uttered a half T Buppres?ed cry. _ Gone wero tho uiiddlo ages, with their talcs of chivalry and minstrelsy ! Vanished king, and pago, nnd knight, and squire ! With her was only the present-?-tho intensely real present; for thero, not ten feet from her, stood hor husband, Alexander Lyon, Lord Killcrichtoun ! His back was turned towards hor. lie stood over one of the glass cases before the stainod glass window, examining a curious Etruscan helmet. At her half-uttered cry he, turned round, and their eyes mot —met for the fin*t timo since that cruel .pnrting on tho woddinn-night 1 But he recogniscd her with a cold, uuuoin promising staro; and then, peeing that tho regards of her whole party wpro drawn upon him,. he Rci'tiieil roaolved to fnco the situution. Walking deliberately townrds them, he raised his.hat slowly, bowed deuply, panned them, and went down to tho opposite eud of the armoury. ' Humph, humph, humph, humph !' muttered tho neiieriil to himself ; ? tlmt is what 1 call cool impudence I' Drusilla could not spealc or movo. Slio stood trauslixud ami motionless ns an}' ouo of those (i r ' ul filigioa beforo thcui. Slio atood thus, until Gcuernl Lyon kindly broke tho spoil that bound her, by lightly laying his hand upon her shoulder, and whispering— ' My dear, recollect yourself!' She started, and recovered her aelf possesaion at once, and. in time to see iittlo Lenny, whom Dick led by the hnnd, pulling at kia protector, and pointing down the hall, and shouting— /Man, roau! div Lenny.that /ioo!' putting up his'" lips, and describing in pantomime tho whistle, whose name he had forgotten. ? liittlo lionny knew liim again !' murmured Drusilla to herself. All this did not quite escape the notice of the guide. He law what passed, but apparently without under standing it; for, turning to General j liyon, he said^— 'lord Killcrichtoun, sir! His face is as well known here as any-of thoso images. . He is in almost overy day/ ' Then, rovorting to his own especial business, and . pointing out " another elligy, he said— 'Henry VIII., ladies and gentle, men. Pray observe this maguilicont suit of armour, damasquined, or inlaid with pure gold. It is said to be the sarna lie wore on that famous occasion of his meeting with Francis I. on the Field of the Cloth of Gold.'- ' Oh, the horrid monster!" -I would ratbor look upon Lucifer's self than Henry VIII.'s effigy £ Let us pass on !' said Anna, impatiently. Aud they pa?Sod'on, pausing'now and then to gaze upon the armedand mounted efligy of some kuight or king, famous, or, perhaps, infamous in history or tradition, ..until thoy reached the last one in the lino—; JTumes ll.—after whose day firearms came in, and armour went out. And so they passed from the Horse Armoury to Queen ' Elizabeth's Armoury, occupying an apnrtment in tho lower iloor of tho White Tower. " At the upper end was an equestrian effigy of the royal fury otM'udor, who cut ofE her lover's heads aB her father before her had out off his wives'; She was dressed iu the preposterous costume of her court, mounted on a carved charger, and attended by her page. Here wore also many curious chains and manacles, ingenious in struments of torture, and judicial im plements of death. Conspicuous among those wore the thumbscrew, the rack, the headsinau's axe, and the headiug-block, upon which the old Lord -Loyat and his companions had been decapitated. llore,*ou the north side, was also a small, heavy door, leading, into a deep and narrow dungeon, cut in the'thick? ue?s of the wall, and having neither air nor light, excopt that which entered by the doorway. 'In this dismal hole the accom plished Sir Walter lluleigh passed the long years of his imprisonment, and hore ho wrote his ' History o£ the World."' ' He had leisure enough tor such a stupendous worlc ; but 1 don't see where ho got the space or light fro-n, or how ho could possibly have lived in such a dark, damp don,' said Dick. ' Oh, you see, sir, it is to be sup posed that ho was only locked up in there at night and had tho freodotn of the hall during tho day.' They next ascended tho_ stairs to, tho Becoud floor, and visited the ancient council chamber, where tho old kiugs held their court at tho Tower.. Then, on tho same floor, was St. John's Chapel, tho most perfect specimen of Norman architecture in. the country. All those things Drusilla saw as in, a dream. She was thinking only of her hu?band," and the cold stare with which ho had met her eyes. The guide led them from the White Tower to the green before the prison chapel, St. Peter's. ? Stop here a moment, if you please, ladio.i aud gentlemen,' he said. They all paused, thinking from that point he was going to indicate somo view or effect. But it was not so. 'Do you know where you stand, ladies? No? "Well, you stand on tho exact spot where the head of Anne Boleyn fell under, the execu tioner's stroke. . Anna impulsively spraug away. Dick and the general looked interested. But Drusilla heard him with some thing like indifference. Queen Anne's sufferings wore so long past, and now so vague; Drusilla's own were so present and so real. She was scnrcoly conscious of tho remainder o£ her tour through tho Tower buildings. ? Tho guide led tho party into St. Peter's Clmpel; told them it had been built in the reign of Edward-1., 1282 ; and showed tliem' the flag-stones iu front.of the altar, beneath which re pose the remains o£ the sainted Jjady Jau-o Grey, tho venerable Thomas Cromwell, the good and great Somer set,. the accomplished Surrey, tho brilliant Essex, and many' other less exalted, but no less honourable, martyrs to truth and patriotism, victims.to bigotry and tyranny. Ijoaving St. Peter's Clmpel, our friends made tho circuit of the twolvo minor towers of tho inner ward. Those in tho. " good old times" were all used as prison lodgi'u'gs for those who had tho misfortune to b'ocome obnoxious to dopotism or , Among these tho richest iu historic associations is tho Beauchamp Tower, popularly called tho Beechutn Tower, whoso walls are cut all ovor with.the carvud autographs or other inscrip tions of tho. illustrious,-ilen'd, who in its gloomy dungeon pinod away, tho last davs of their violontly-onded lives. ' Tho Brick Tower wap pointed out as having been tho prison of Lady Jane Grey; the DoVeroux Tower as that of- the .Earl of Essex j the Bell Towtjr ? as one? ? the prison of tuo PriucO'K Klizalieth, when ehu wiih conU.icd by the jcttlou?y of her neter, Queen Miry ; the Howyer J u " er "* the plao? in which the Uuke of Clarence wae drowned in tho butt of "Sra? "whi* filled the b.b.ld?. with a deeper Bloom, than all the other., was the Flint Tower, called for tho Huperlativo horror of its dungeon, ?tho Little Hell. . ? . . That wae tho last abyes of the ??-. ferno thot our eight-Bee? looked ,nto "Tho wouion, at least, could bear no ??""?'coiae/'eaid-Annaj shuddering, ' It is, not evening, eo we have not 'supped. , but we have dined fuU of horrore.' Let ue leave the lower with its gloomy dungeone and ghastly memories, and let us ?et out into the pure open air, and back to the whole some nineteenth century/ General Lyon and.DicU liberally remuueratod the civil,'.and attentive warders, , atul the whole party passed out of the Tower vvalle, entered their carriagr, and returned to their hotel, where awaited them a very great sur prise., ????'?,' .:..,. (To he continued.) , ..... 