Chafteb XXV.— Dalsv's Diart tx .Inv. 1 am engaged to Gilbert Florestan. A last I understand what it is to be an engaged girl, and henceforward I shall be able to world, of whatever nation, of whatever colour whether she wear ostrich feathers and di»'-! ^'d^^irrih.IahaU be^te rsSnpathise with every lover end every ovel^n^pon earth, for now I tnow what lovTmeausTl know that it means every ''it^meau. the colour of the sky. and the ? ? j.i_l!rV,F the snn— it means tbe perfume ^^.^rfreshneM of morKg-it ™eans Se bdmf noontide, and it means the r^fol coolness of P».™»Btaf.i lt means lamplight at eventide in cosy, g™'-us drt^ig-«»ms-it means blind-man's holiday b^rfhTmorfng-roou. fire | ?&'¥«-?« these ? for all these have doable beauty, and Sami apd comfort and sweetness ranee Ga^t^IC^.Stw,.at^et?aooi new year! What can he think, except that I am the lighest aod moat contemptible young woman he ever had the misfortune to count amour his acquaintance. ?ftSxiM Reardon has been very nice to me. She says that I have nothing to be ashamed aboat in the transaction. It u customary. It is. one may say, a rule of the game. When neople break off an engagement, even if they ?avebeen engaged for years, and have doted on each othe? aU tie time, it ts their dnly to get engaged to other people wtthoot the iWbtest lies of time. They owe this to their owV dignity. A girl who has .tbe sIu-hleM self-respect will get engaged within a week after theparring, even if she has to many a ^3fSSa?-BI. 'that is what Chore does in the ? Ironmaster,' and everyone knows what a perfect heroine she was.' 'If you can jost tolerate Mr. Florestan, you may consider yourself very lucky,' said ieatrice. ' When I heard you were going to marry him, I made op my mind that he was absolutely loathsome to you. 'Did your1 nidi Curious, isn't it? I really can iu-t submit to the idea of a future existence as his wife. I shall live next door to mother, and that will be some eonsola I meant to write everything in this disry. It was to be ' my Dovel,' the romance of my life, with all its bright colours and all its dark shadows; it was to be a book to whose pages I could look back when I am middhHaged and when I am old, and live again all tbe happiest hours of my youth, and awakes echoes of old voices and vividsmiles, andevery thought, feel ingand fancy of thepasrdughoor. The wLeelsof the chariot roll on so swiftly when one is happy. One should try at least to put a break upon memory ; and for that there ia only one way — pen and ink. Yes, I meant tbe story of my Bfe to com plete : and yet I am going to leave one little nank— a little blank did I say— a blank which represents the crisis of my existence, the turning point between dull patience and con sumate bliss. I cannot write the mode and manner of my encasement, that sudden mssase from liberty to boudage, when he took me in bis arms, in the arbour when we were once so miserable, and called me ' wife.' Wife,, as if we were married already. Absurd, bo doubt, to the indifferent reader, bat the word thrilled my heart. ' ' ' Icannot write of his hisses, or count them as if they were pounds, shillings, and pence in the housekeeper's boot I cannot write all the sweet foolishness of his talk, the un deserved praises, the intoxicating flatteries, which he protested were not flatteries. Of ' those ridiculous moments I can keep no record. Perhaps if I had been let in at the Gate of Paradise for half an hour I should not be able to describe the heavenly garden when I came out Mf^iw It is the same with that half -hour inthearbonr. He talked, and I listened, and we were engaged. That is my only record. On the same evening, however, we had a very serious conversation on the terrace after dinner. Mother was in her favourite seat by the drawing-room window. Uncle Ambrose was pacing the room. We could eee them both in the lamplight as we walked slowly np and down. 1 he evening was wonderfully warm and balmy for the end of September, and the great full moon was rising behind Lamford Church tower ; this being the third moon we have worn oat since we left Lam ford. We talked of the moon a little, and he quoted Shelley, whom he knows as well as if be had competed for one of Mrr. Crawehay'a prizes : and then I ventured to ask him a question which had been burning my tongue ever since we became engaged, just four hours and a half. It is wonderful what those four hours had done for me. I felt as much at my ease with him as if had been engaged (or three weeks, and I began to understand the tool audacity of girls who send their finances on messages and make light of them in company, and the free and easy manners of those motherly girls who mend their sweethearts' gloves, and scold them for spilling things upon their waiKcoats, and put diachlnm-plaisteron their w ounds. question?' I asked. 1 Bhould be angry if you wished to ask me anything and didn't.' he said. 'Being your slave what should I do ? ' _ ' Please don't,' I cried. ' Cyril quoted that sonnet once, a- d I was quite rude to him about it. I shouldn't like you to quote anything tecond-handed. Yet it is a lovely sonnet.to'tit;-! added apologetically, for the line sounded sweet from lum. Cyril was not m touch with my ideas aboutShake speare. . Be laughed, and answered with a. most unnecessary kiss. ' You really wouldn't mind ?' I asked. ' From those Ups all words are dear.' Were yon ever in love with anybody be fore yon began to care for me V ci'if ?' X thoaBht 'hn question woald come. Shall I answer yon JeraiticaUy or honestly !' '?Oh, honestly, please; be brutal to me rather than dishonest. Of course I am pre pared for the wont. Yon most have adored ever bo inany cuis before yon came tolet your glances light upon insignificant me.' 'Kver bo many. That's a large order. Suppose I plead guilty to two. £ wish I had never looked at a womio, or at least never waiced ? thought ti^oa one till I saw you. I shouldn't, if I had only known what, was com ing.' '* Do you really think I am as nice as the other two *' £ asked, comfort ~d by those sweet words.' 'I think yoQ are to them as a wfld rose on a hedge in the dewy morning compared with adonblodahlia in theheat anddust and glare of tent No. 2 at a flower show. You are as the freshness of the morning, and they smell of gas. The tint oould not help that, poor ?auL, for it was across the footlights iny heart went oat to her.' ?'She was very pretty. That was just fifteen years ago, mark yon, X was at Eton. She is a burlesque actress, and I saw her in die daintiest little villager's dress yon can conceive, dancing as lightly as a real fairy, and not a stage one. Tea, Daisy,' he said gravely, ' I plead guilty to being over head andean in lore with Miss Millicent Melville, of the Hilarity, fifteen years ago, for the whole space of the Christmas holidays. X was stone- broke for her sake, and spent all my tips npon theatre tickets, hothouse flowers and chocolate oaramrifi. I delivered the flowers to the enriey stage doorkeeper, who may have sold them to the minor members of the troop for ought £ know. £ never got speech of my boon, and X was heart-broken when I discovered, npon unimpeachable authority, that she had a husband acd five children. How she did it— 4x-w she looked ao lovely an«i«iylphllkffM'H«4ifM»'*1'*yinnofynt. with an. eating and drinking, and BWeariog man and five brats to work for X never been ablff to tindwa*ijtTifli' ' Was she number one ?' I asked. *' Yea, was she number one.' *? In that case X forgive yon your first love. And now tell me about your second.' ' That is a graver case, B«usy. I cannot make light of that infatuation. Cupid did not assail me with paper pellets that time. His arrows were barbed, and the barbs were poisoned. I loved a woman who was un worthy of my love, Daisy. I passed through the scathing fire of a wasted passioa ? ' ' Son loved her as well as voa loved me ?' £ asked, feeling just as if £ had dropped from a paradise in yonder moon down to a hard, cruel earth. ' rill my glidness pegished in one gasp ing aign. X felt sure he had cared more for her than for me, ' I am afraid I most plead guilty to having loved her very dearly while . my love lasted, Daisy ; but the care was a clean cure. There was not so much as a scar left from the old wound by the time I met you' in Paris ; and frow that hour I was yonn and yours only.' ' And if I had not broken with Cyril, what should you have done ?' ?' Lived on my roaming, desultory li'e, find suffered the dull agony of an empty heart.' *c Were yon really unhappy in Scotland, in spite of grouse and capper-caDzies and 'La spite of as fine a stag aj was ever stalked, which this band slew the day before I casually heard that Arden had sailed in the buj new ship for Colombo.' ?* And would yon not have found eome new divinity before Christmas?' It was delightful to have him there and to be able to catechise him ; yet I coold not help being savagely jealous of that unknown love, the number two in bis calendar. I could not feel that it was nice of him to tell me the truth, even at the risk of offending me even for life. *' Tell me about that second flame of yours,' I said agonised with enriodty. 'Was ahe very lovely V ' She was splendidly handsome, a woman whose diamonds seemed more brilliant than those of other women, because they so harmonised with her bold bright beauty. I 'Was among many worahipierd, and I hajp^ned to be the most eligible of her adorers from a matrimonial point of view, and no she was gracious to me, and so I was her stave ? ' *' Did she jilt you ?' I asked, for there was a bitterness in his tone which assured me the dear creature had treated him abominably. I could have, hugged her for it. ' Well, it was hardly a case of jilting. If £ were to write my story X should call tbe book 'Illusion and Disillusion.* £ was fortun ate enough to find her out— before marriage instead of atterwAnlr. My innocent li tie Daisy can hardly guess what a world of misery that discovery saved me. ' 'I don't want to guess,' I said, ?? but there is one thing I should like to know Gilbert.' £ blushed in the moonlight, and trembled at my own andacity as I pronounced his Christian name. £ had my arm through his, and found my self giving his arm a gentle squeeze now and then just to make sure that be was real, and that all the ecstasy of this hour was not a moonlit dream. 'Ask as many questions as you like, fair Fatima. There is no blue chamber in try mem 717, of which you may not open the door.' * 'It does not pain yon to speak of that wicked person?' ' Not a whit. No more than it wonld pain me to talk of Cleopatra.' ** But at the time of your disillusion — did love die all at once, or by inches?' ' Love died in an hour ; bat there was Bome'hing, the shadow and memory and ' after taste of passion which was plagutly long a dying. ' ** Is it dead yet ?' I asked frightened. ** Dead as a doornail. Dead as Scrooge's partner, old Maxiey ; deader, for no ghost of that vanished feeling will ever haunt me. I was heart-whole, sound as a roach that night I met you at the Grand Opera, and from that ! night I was your stave. ' I 'Oh, that is nonsense,' I cried, 'you' could not have cared for me all at once, a commonplace English person like me. What j was there in my poor fuce to catch your eye ?' 44 Innocence, truth, candour. The virtues which make man's life blessed and honourable. I saw poetic loveliness, and through that transparent beauty X saw the true and nore heart of girlhood, a heart of virgin-gold flaw less, «bove price.' ' Don't, don't,' X cried, standing on tiptoe to put my hand upon his lips. 'This last illusion is worse than tbe first or the second. How can I ever live up to such an idea as you have nude out of roe ?' 'nOnIy love me, Daisy ; there is no more to ' Oh, that comes too easy. X did that be fore X was asked.' Motber'a voice calling U8 from the open window put an end to our confidential talk, but my heart was quite at ease now that 1 knew the history of hid earlier loves. If he had told me he had never b*ea in love before be saw me I should certainly have not believed him ; and I should have been tortured for all the years to come by inextinguishable dis trust All this happened nearly a month ago, though X couldn't bring myself to write about it before to-day ; and perhaps I should not be writiug now i£ Gilbert had not been obliged to go to London to see bis sulictor — oar first parting — leaving me to get through the day somehow without him. The grounds look so dreary, the shrubberies seem so empty — and oh, what ages to eight o'clock dinner, when he will be back. (To be continued- ) 