1 WISE AND OTHERWISE. Th duly on bicycled In, be.n loncr.d from 33 to 10 p.r dept. nt on foil awoop in brdar fo ' oll.apert th machine — -in the fcoltmy. Tli.y are clienp enough In England alr'.iuiy. That, at all eventa, waa ill captivating way froetraiier put the ciue. But the lltutcd controversy now raging in tho preaa allows that tlio promlsncl r.dnotion hna not tnkoii place. SomsboW the "axiomatic trewth," of whloU Rfr.;lL M. Smith n nil his entail snit la so fondj litis hot Worked out this timo any mbr than in the cste of reapern hud blhdora, which ftro imported duly free at £20 per maoh1.no and retailed at £65. The frgc-trndoia' paradise is happily a long way off yet in Victoria. : .1 ; ; The continuous, fall in the; railway revenue is not without compensating advan tages, for when tho takinga at suburban station wont doWn the booth in "safe" blibglnriea burst. But when the department was booming almost every morning brought its safe Uitfg'lnry nt one or otiier of tho inultitUdln'ons iuliurban stations with which' the landscape is dotted. It is n.'ourious fnot that these raids generally foiloWod clttscly on tlio Iteeis of a local land sale. Of ooiirae It. would- only be wofthy of n pollco oonatablo to auppote that they formed sn integral part of the profits of a land sale. Another curioua fnot in that til ere should h. a revival of this onoc flourishing induitry of safe robberies so Sooh after tlio public announcement that thti 'railway revenue was looking up again. Yet bow th times have Changed. This week A gang In th dead of night, whan tho locomotive had coanod from troubling with its shrill wliistlo and-tlie weary porter was at rest, carried off a safe from tlie Royal Park station, which contained til magni ficent sum of 33. 3£d. and a ponny stamp— tho takings of a! week ! The gontlomen who have just selected the ninth Australian eleven havo helped to swell tlie long list of failures in Solving, dritb- meticil - problems— their tcoubio .-..being how to squecr.e i5 good men. and . true into 11 pairs of bootSi Sinoe the year 1 many outioue and abmc ihgenioUs plnns have been tried for pleasing everybody, hilt failure has in variably attended these woll- iuoatit efforts. Tho same sorb of tiling takes place when v new Ministry is farmed. Naturally every member of a great political patty .fondly dreams that he Carries a portfolio ih his political ktiapsaok. Our Cabinet makers havo partly met tlio diflioulty by appointing honorary memhors, and depend Upoh it the same principle will have to bo followed in future in tit more lucrative and leas dangerous Hold of ortoket. Many of the Wis saws of our forefathers — Such as that about "a bird In the hand'.' being "wdrth two in tba bush," Which, if nottd upon, would paralyse commerce- s6m to its now little hotter than foolishness. Yot somo of them are still as full of sagacity as ever they W.ro — for instance, the thymed proverb:— A woman, ft dog atid n. WMntit trnp, ' -Tlio mora yon bent tliefn tlio better tlioy be, Bo fur ns woman is concerned patllotio proofs of tho truth of this proverb nrs given In our police courts every day. A typical cano cams before tho South Melbourne bOneli lately, when a Woman (wild Had previously apptied vfor a warrant agsi'ntt her kusbatid (oh tile ehnrg of Oriielty and wlio, saying tlihtahe had no money, was given 2s. 6(1. for tho Ptnrnp fpe .out o( the poor box, assuring tho compassionnto magistrates that sit Would show no pity for him when thOoass cams 00) implored tho bonali to let hot husband olf, as ho had promised to tui;n ovey s ow leaf. The benoh lot him off, sa a matter of coiiraO. " O wohtan, in otir Itourn of eH'so Uneertain, cdy, ftitd lioril to ploaso, And varisble as tlio slmtlo lly thu)ight< nulvorlng nspen made: When caro and anguish wrin, tho brow A ministering angel, thou ! " \ llitt wli'jo tve lieul tlieo bluo and green Thy trua divinity Is Seou l If wlist Mr/ Sangster, 3I.L.A., sy. is oorreot, then it is high time that the Marine Board and its oillelnls wofs'siirept by A warttf- Reform Into the lee-scuppers of Opinion. Acbording to the member for Port' Melbourne vessoia with holes in.their boijers. gnpliig seams, bo«t». atove. in ' and other ! aids' to voyaging trort iealij/,' taiye; tho Bay rbgillarly— with eortiflcates of sea- worlliinoss granted by the Marino Board. Somo stieii V ohanty" as tlie following should, ba, ;nng by thoir brews wlloti heaving tho ahdhor : ' When Jnck lias spent his coin 011 shore. YuholYnllol' They want him Uioro Mo trioro, no tnore. . . Q'l no ! Oh no i . : . , : ! i Titoy stop Ills credit ht tlio pub : - - - - Yohol Tlioy scorn lilm at tlio SOamon'a Club, lib eaii't get lionr/an ho can't get grub. . . IToavo away | . - .. ' Bo lie ships In tlio first old rotten tub. ' >Vot loaves the bay.- So heave lads, heartily, hqavc away ! O, whore's this good ship gnin'-to gd 1 ' >' P6rtlloseiPortIto.se! Will slto ovor got there, lads, yo ho ? Lord knows I Lord knows ! llor seams aro gaptn', her riggiu' moans, Yo he ! ' ' Ifor hilor'.s crackod and Iter mainmast groans, llor rivuts rattle like dead mon's bones. Heave away I And I tear she's, tinnmt for Davy Jones. Ilonrny ! Hooray ! Bo heave lads, merrily, heavo away '. That oharming lootuross, Mrs. Anderson, says tliat the groat disqimlifloation of womon for Fariiament is thoir Intolerance of ndverao opinion. A man, she observes, may be influenced by a oohvlnoing argument, bnt k . woman — never ! This statement was of course greeted With roars of laughter by the males amongst heraudienoe. But if Osrlylabe regarded as an authority, thcji have littlo reason to prlds themselves on their supsrior logic. Speaking of debates in Parliament, he says " Hero no victory yet definable can be considered as final. Beat hiin (your opponent) dawn with Parlia mentary invective, till sense bo- fled ; out hirrt in two, hanging one half on thls.dilomm'a-hor'n, the otiier on that ; blow tho brains or thinking faculty quite out of him for the tims ; it kills not ; I10 rallies arid revives on thsTnorroW to morrow he repairs his golden fire's ! 'J'ho king . that will logically ; oxtihguith him is perhaps still a dssidoratum in constitutional civilisation. Far how, till a njap. ltnow, " in somi meakuro.' at wliit' point'! h bscotnos' logioally defunot can Parliamentary Business bo carried oh and Talk coas- or slake ?" Certain members of .her Majesty's Victorian Opposition should loarn this passage by heart and never forget'iL But, after' all, what man can be made to sqe his own faults, exaept when they appear in others ? The Premier disagrees with the proposal that the olvotions for the Federal Convention should ba aonduoted through th post office. Yet somo easy and expeditious method should be contrived whereby the indolent agrioulturist might record jlis vote with tlio least trouble to hitnsolf. Hero is- a suggestion. Lst Mr. Turner take a hint from tha sporting journals, nnd previous to th oleotion publish a raonstor issue of tho Covernmcnt Gazette, and send a copy to evciry voter in the oolony, eaoh copy' to:; contain a coupon form containing tlie > natnes of tho candidates offering themselves' for' election, aoupons to be filled up in the usual way.. Voters would then havo to simply cut out tlie ' 'coupons, which would have a printed address on the other side hcadod " O.H.'M. S.'," drop', thsm into tha nearest post offioo or postal pillftr, free of expense — and tho thing -is .done. " " llr. TnrnSt might also seize tills opportunity to popularise the Gazelle by inviting contributions tb its psgos from the wags of the Hoaac. This .ideals .worth consideration. . Tha Kaiser has been talking largely, ofoout " Greater Germany " an'dthe nceessity of spend ing £20,000,000 or so on war ships to iopk. after it ; but aftor all, Mr. . Gladstone's colonial presents to tho Teutoiilo empire seem to have been a pretty hard bargain.- England deolined to allow Queensland to annex, Naw'Guiiien, bind thereupon Germany swoope'd down on it She would not permit . tlio " extension ' ofTinporisl responsibilities", to arid amaqualandrrand the Kaisor got it. Mr. Gladstone did > not desire to bo mlxsd upi'iVith 'Eiat Affioav 'and a big sliae of that went to Be'riiu. Leaving- Samoa and the Congo out of the qUtatiop, Eng land's refusals of empire constitute the bulk of Europe'e colonial possaseions ; and tlie aggravat ing fsaturo of tho affair is that they hv» 'proved useless, or worso than useless, ,' to, tlie . eager annexers. Germany, it appears, has managed to plant- 700 ' settlers, exclusive bf . troops and officials to keep them -there, in Iti.-teriitorUlly Vast oolonles— Namaqueisnd ' excepted, lor there is' some German settlsmaht in that ' Inhospitable Afrisn wild, and liow; it is < officially etinobiiood to the - BCielistsg that this oolohisl 700 obsts 11,000,000 marks pof annum to Imperially sngiheef and look after, and that the, trade 'resulting to Vatcrland is "nominal." The explanation Is simple enough. Gorman colonisation begins at tho wrong end, starting with annexation, troops lltid an offioial staff ; the a'oloalsts are to come afterwards, but ithey don't. In- the expansion of England tlie proocss is roversed. Tho people go first and possess the lnnt|, and than worry the Imperial Government tb hoist the flag. It is " tile legion that never Was listed " that does It We preach in ndvnnco of the army. We skirmish ahead of tile cltutch, Willi never a guiibutlt to help us; When wo'ru scuppered and left iii tho lurch. But wo know when the cartridges finish, And we'ru filed 111 oUr last little shelves, That tlie legion that uovcr .was listed Will send us live hundred as good as ourselves. If tho earning msn— not to mention tho new woman — will not drink wine, it must be that Viotorians are deficient In that particular kind of loyalty whioli follows viae-ragel example or advice. There Wat some excuse for oUr ucglaob of Victorian vintsgos before Lord Hopetouu discovered Great Western ohampSghe ; but there isn't a ghost of a pnllintory plea available now thnt Lord Brkssey has annottnoed auother rich find. Througlt the medium of Captain AYalliug- ton and. tho Mel'bourue Club, his Excollenoy has been introduced to Victorian. Olikblis, and Las . p'ronoudood it "equal to anythihg he has evir tasted in any part of the World." Wliothar it was the eifeot of this anubuneemeUt at the wltle tasting function tin ' Tuesday, or tho stimulating influence of ' the Chablis' itself on patriotio ond loyal feelings, hoots, not, . The Assembled wine taetars. were as much stirred lis were Mr. -'OhaiiiUerlain'i auditors at the Lamington banquet. Thie laudation of Vic torian Tintoges, ' and the Imperialist apostloph to One lite, one licet, ano flag, one throne I had prebissly (lie same insult. The company rose to their feet nnd -snug Bute Britannia, Uow lucky wa Britishers are to have a song so eminently' adaptable to all softs. Sites and ' conditions of functions and feelings ! Wiio iisro Set bounds to woman's sphere? At the A. N.A. fete six Sngella (!) creatures, clothed -in raiments of strictest respectability, gratified. Ih.eir auibitioh to Imitate mankind, and, like veritable ''Johnnies," went Incontinently on the "ratals dottle, '| Strong waters were quailed without a Wince, niid the best hrsltds bf elgarS Wdfo called fbr. Thus exhllattited,' they started on a roystering tour through the buildings hnd grounds, fighting thoir way through the dense throngs with AniStoiilSti spirit and physical force, slapping Obstructionists repeatedly in the face, and when anything in the shape of a dutio had tho temerity to remonstrate its nose was uncere moniously tweaked. It wks an open revolt. Tho now woman was loose, People wore dis mayed ; officials 'weto paralysed, hbd tlie girls carried' all before them triumphantly. As other outbreaks by the fair sex of even more serious ohiraotbr hrC new possible, the old atid the young men aro oautioneil against freo- dum of spoeoli when " oyolades" are paising, for in Ihonpresolit tempos of womankind the relationship of the scxas -might suddenly aild unpleasantly hi reverStd. South Australia's Agent-General lias been too iriuoli aiid too of fin n Fromier to how either th knto or tho neck to his erstwiille collonguos of the Kingston -Ministry, and ho has notJailcd to let tlio world know his belief that Dr Cock- burii weakly allowed himself to be " diddled " at tiio Sydney oabih conference. A purely, practi cal man- is l)Ir. 1'layford, with a kosn eye kopt unwlnkingly on' the' alt important' question of pounds, shillings and penop. He cannot see wliy. South Australia should in any way aounteiiano a projeot wiiioh inovitqbiy involves' loss Of business to lior. special property — tbe trsns-'eantinental telegraph line; and be shouts as visionary the insidious sug gestion that the Pacific cable promoting countries will sgrsa to oompsnsate her for loss. Wlist is tlie irniisoontineutai' telegraph line to England, or to Canada, that they should indemnify tbo Ooidny that own it against loss of revenue by the diversion of cable business from Pott Darwin to Sydney 1 From a purely South Australian point of view, no doubt the Pncifio cable is bad "bit," . but even the independent Mr. 1'layford may admit fliat' " Adelaide' is' not Australia, and that it is hotter to compromise with the inevit able than to bo overwhelmed by it. Australia not only wants, but needs, a l'ncifio cable ser vice. She is goliig to gat it, Whether South Aus tralia co-opsrates or not, and if any sot off to tlie certain loss of inland telegraph revenue can be obtnined by aompromisive co- operation, the farinaceous oolony wilt -do wisely to grasp it. . - ; Air. George Evans, a resident of Brunawiok, tvas once, inodltating upon the depressed state of the money markot when the Great Thought of his lifo struck him. its with lightning! Ho had somo time before— perhaps for lack of other reading, matter perhaps in a mood of disgust witli tha literature of the day — casually read over the Dog Act, and noted that oho of its olausss stated that a ratepayer of any borough oould recover a penalty not oxceeding £20 per week from the local council if the latter did not keep the straets oioar of stray dogs. Thie small socd of knowledge was stored in Mr. Evuns'a mind until it suddenly blossomed forth into tho Great Thought aforesaid. Fortune seemed from that hour . tb stand with arms open eager to ombraoo Ii in,. But ho blded'his time, A mail who hse a goose laying him a golden egg every wuelc is not likely to be in a iiurry to kill that goose. .Ho waited for oxaotly 150 weeks, or nearly 3 years, and ilion quietly, through, his solioitor, sent to tha Brunswiok council a claim for £3000—" sum due our client for notiug stray dogs in the streets at Brunswick for 150 weeks at £20 per weak as," ico., &e.; The story ought to end with 'Mr. Evans, .having tlie money paid over to him and taking a trip to Europe on tho Blrengtb .qf. it, leaving -tho Brunawiok coun- oilloi'e gnashing thoir teeth and casting mud upon their beads. But, unfortunately, the Attorney-General (not. seeing th humor of tlie Bituatiou) said the claim was invalid. And so the ingenious Mr. Evans, after hoarding his sap- posed golden eggs for nearly three years, has disoovercd them to be all addled. 