WITHIN HER iRM , NOW FIRST PVBLISKEB . ' By Mary H/Tsaayson;. Author of " Friend Pordltus," "Love Will Find Out tlio Way," "Paid in'Full," i " Tho Mystery of Holmleigb," &c.; : 1 COPY HIGH ,T. . CHAtTEB, XX1L— (.Continued.) -- Suroly houiu nevoi' passed so 'slowly Ha thoy "did that evening:- The excito- mont of the day had rendered me ner vous . aud restless, and the dovourijig curiosity I now felt to lcuow moro of tho antecedents of tho man % to whom I wis about to be introduced, tended to increase my agitation. My food was scut away uutasted, notwithstanding all Morris's efforts to tempt me, and by eight o'clock I was back in my own rogm, and almost immediately after wards a vigorous knock at the front door warned 1110 that the dreaded stronger had arrived. ' How weak I am, after all,' I mur mured; 'that summons seems to fall upon my oars like a knell. Why should I fear him ? My uncle will not swerve from his word, of that. I am certain, and yet I feel the strongest horror of meet ing this man.' 1 opened my door just a oraolc and listened. In tho distance I could hoar a low conversation, and a curious trem bling, for which I could not account, seized upon me. Supporting myself by the door, I opened it yet a little wider, and as I did so tho murmur suddenly died away, and I heard my uncle's door closed gently. For half an hour I paced my room excitedly from end to end, hut still thoy did not send for mo. At lost I felt I could hear it no longer, and I wont in acorch of Morris, whom I found wan dering aimlessly about . the hall, his ordinarily calm, prcoiso faco flushed aud anxious. ' 'Is my uncle's friend with , him, Moms?' I asked. - 1 Yos, sir; ho liosbcon there for moro than half an hour. - I'm" ufr-nid that master will- bo ovordoing it, and yot I '.daren't go in without boing sent for. But thero, lor' bless! my heart, Mr. Box, you; look ns'vliito ns n ghost. What's .tho matter with you, sir?' 7 -.' I don't .know, Morris,' I answered. . 'I don't feel well. I am not in 'good condition, -I think; and the heat was /terribly opprcssivo on the rivor to-day.' — 'Ah, ' he said, nodding his head sym- "ipathefcicnlly, J very likely it is that. . I was afraid perhaps you might'ho feeling lonely, and out in tho cold liko ; tliero's nothing makes a young cheek so white as a hcgrt-aclie. And,' continued the old man, with natural tact, - ' if that had been so I would havo takon tho liberty of saying, don't yoii/fonr, Mr. .Box, master is constant and true. Onco ho takcB you into his. heart you remain . thero, unless you turn yourself out by 'deceit or other wrong-doing.' I nodded my head to show my appre ciation of his kindness, hut I dared not' trust myself to speak nor to look liiui in tho face. I knew that my voice would falter and that my eyes were full of tears. . For the second time that day I had nearly broken down. ' What will become of me,' I thought, if this weakness should inorenso ?' -, . Startled at tho more supposition, the '.hysterical inclination passed away for -. the time and I managed tif say, calmly enough, ' If I had something to do I should , feel -batter, no doubt, Morris, but Sir i- Bobort wishes mo to stay at homo, and ' I am too restless to scttlo down to reading." And. very natural, too, Mr. Bex ; 'reading is poor work . after all ; I don't -. hold with too 'miicli of it,' but what .do -yb.u say to going into the music room a hit?' .Wo; could light up thoro inn minute.' ... -I folt .thnt'it'woiild bo tho very thing ;-df ' all ' others I should liko at that ..moment ; for in all moods I cotild find Iroliof aud consolation in music, hut I fauswored hesitatingly. : \- v - Thoy would hear mo, - Morris. I should bo interrupting thom.' ' No you wouldn't, not the least in /tho .worldj'.'Mr.- Box,' tho old man answered promptly, ' you can't hear n : hptp from tho music room whoro mastor t;V ;'jI knew I could trust him, so I made no'fu'rthbr domur, and whon. thoy had fhghted tlireb or four of tho lamps I dis- . missed -.tho porvants, and .taking iny Vguitar, commenced at onoo-to- pour out ,'.'xny troubles and grio.vous doubts anil fears, through tho medium of my saddost i Bndmost plaintive inolodios: / ;As I lifted up niy;: voiod tho heavy burden which lay upon mo seemed to / grow lighter, and at length a strango warmth begun to croop into my heart. . .. How long I sang I know not, . but vory soon misty visions, conjured -up by tlio power of music, came between , mo . and the realities by ' which I was sur rounded. I was no longor playing a -part, I was myself, Margaret. Howard, .'and round pie woro grouped all tlioso I had over loved. . / , Then a curious thing lmpponbd, I did -it unconsciously at tho time, but I am awuro of what I did now So thoroughly , bad tho music taken poHSOssion of my soul that I closed my oyes, anil chnuntcd my own thoughts in a woifd musical rhythm. 1 Mothor ! : Lucy ! you arc' thoro ! you aro thoro ! Stay with moalittlo longer ;' lay your cool hands upon my . brow, and press your lips tb .mino. Oh, lot mo lenn my head upon your breast, mother, for thoro nlouo shall I find ponco and rest. I nni starving for . your \- love. John, John, why do you Btanil aloof? Have you no word for me, not one; iny heart is so snd nnd lonely?' , But all nt oneo my cliant ceased, audi sat motionloss -and breatliloss, gazing straight in front of me. I dared not lift my oyes, for on awful dread had soized upon mo. Tho vory air scorned full of homp ; had tlio spirits I hod in voked come to mo in very truth. . Wiping the dows from my forehead, nt last I forced myself to turn my lioud. . Thon with a stifled shriek I flung my arms wildly in tho air, and dvoppod fainting upon tho floor. ! In the centre of the room, with both hands outstretched towards mo, and his : faco quivering with emotion, stood John Murray. ; ' OHAPTEIT XXIII, ' My swoon could not have lasted ft , minute. Almost immediately I hecamo aware that myvhead was supported on pomepno's knoo, and that this porson wastrying to < unfasten my stiff . linen collar. V With a'doBporato effort I; sprang to my feet, and etill half .dnzeit, shrank away from John, crying pitoously. ' Don't touch mo. Oh, John, if you have any mercy don't look nt mo ! . Let mo creep away and hide myself. If I hail thought that wo should meet I .Would' nothavo done it, I would hnvo -died sooner. John, havo pity on mo. Yon cannot hate me so much as I liato myself, hut it was not for my own pro fit. I did it, it wps for them. The temptation was too gloat for mo. Oh, 'forgivo mo, forgiye me. If you take your- love from mo my- heart will breuk.' In on agony I flung myself on my knees before hiin and hid my face ; for the timo, in my overwhelming humilia tion,"! had forgotten everything; but in another instant I awakened to tho full horror of what I had done. I had hotrayecl myself beyond nil hope. One woak moment had shattered tho edifice built up with so much pnih and sorrow. ' What will ho say to me;' I thought, with a shudder, ' will, he spurn me from him in his righteous indignation and disgust?' ' If I10 hail done so, I believe I should havo' diod then and there; but instead, after a momontary pause, John laid his hand gently 011 my. shouldor, anil . said, in tones which trembled with emotion : , ' Bex, dear friend, you aro blaming yourself - without cause. Far from thinking badly of you, I admire and honour you, knowing you so well. You hood not toll mo that what you liavo done has hebn clone for others. You have-, sacrificed home, and love, and everything that makes life worth living, and you fancy because you are the innocent" cause of my disinheritance, that I shall lay it at your door.' Why, I should be unworthy of tho happiness, which one clay, ploase God, I shall com pass, if I could harbour such u thought for an instant.' Taking courage, I lifted my eyes timidly to his, and then with a sigh, and a senso of blank: unreasonable dis appointment, I rose to my feet, and stood facing liim. My worst fears wore quieted. Thero was no suspicion of tho truth in John's kindly frank dyes, hut whoro was tho lovcr-liko warmth which used to shine from thom, and which filled mo with a strango bewildering happiness ? > . ' Gone, gone for over !'" I murmured inaudibly, as, motioning hira to follow me, I led the way.to one of tho window seats, ' gono like my iiinoconco, gono like all' iny hopes in this world !' Seeing that I was still terribly dis composed,' John did his host to give me confidence by 'selecting topics of conver sation which were not of too agitating a nature. ' Ho told mo of his astonishment whon lio fouiid tho nephew Sir Bobert had adopted was his clear friend Box. Ho had always, known, lie said, that my parents came from the old country, but Howard iiot boing nn uncommon name, ho had novor associated us with the old haronot; and thcnlio reminded me of his reticence about his own past. 'It seems almost as if fate hud ar ranged that' this should como about, Bex, does it not ?' ho said cheerily, ' therefore if wc blame anyone wejmust blame fate. If I had told you tho namo of tho man who I holiovod had enst mo off so 'heartlessly, ' the chances are, with your dolicate sense of honour, you would havo declined your uncle's offer.' I' tried to smile, hut I could not do it, nor could I shako off for a moment tho dreadful weight of shame under which I laboured. It seemed to mc as if a great crash had come," followed by a cruel glare of light, which laid haro before me all tho black spots in my . bouI, and in this awful light I trembled with a sickening horror of myself. Before this, accord ing to my own distorted views, I had simply been acting a deceitful part, and moreover my deception had appoarod to mo quite pardonablo. ,' It is our rights that I am struggling for;' I continually repeated to myself, ' I cannot suroly ho blamed for taking this means of saving my darling sister's life, and I injuro no one, for tho hoir to tho baronetcy Jb already vory wealthy.' : But now for tho first timo I recognised plainly tho fallacy of such arguments, and my conduct appeared to mo perfectly inexcusable. Then again, my disguise, which hitherto hail not boon a sorious difficulty to .me — I presumo becuuso my enrly bringing up and inclinations hod been of such an entirely boyish order — in these now oircumstanccs hoeamo utterly hnto- ful tomo. Under my lover's oyes my foolings on this subject underwent a suddon and torriblo ohongo, und his un- cousoious glance seemed to scorch und burn mo until I eould lmve ehrioked aloud in my misery. 1 Nor was it alono my fraudulent schomo whioli tortured mo ; every time John called ino by my dead brother's name, my heart was riven in mo. Such nn awful mockery it scorned, to hoar.'him and to know all the while that my darling lay cold within his grave. John's voice, associated as it was with everything I held dear, Boomed to -probo afresh tho wound I had suffered when ltex died, nnd my agony becoming un- ondurablo, at lost I faltered : 'John, I know my reception of you must seem vory strange ; hut I have not been woll for a fow days, and your coming has upsot mo altogothor. In time I may reconoile myself to our position, hut at present I am ovor- wholmod. Leavo mo to myself now, I feel utterly unnerved. ' 'Bex!' ho oried,.'I cannot go yet; don't ask inc. I cannot f»o without hearing of her. I was waiting for you to recover yourself. Bex," how is my darling? How is, Margery; tell me everything.' He spoke so tenderly, bh so tendorly ! My eyes filled with tours, tears of pity formysolf. ' Poor wretch ! ' I cried, inwardly ; ' your heart is craving for lovo ! Here is lovo, earnest, passionate love, and you must thrust it from you ! ' .' Tell me, Ilex ! ' ho implored ; 'what did . sho think of ino when I loft her? Even now I can sec her swcot startled oyes, nnd fool tho clinging of her fingers. "What does she say of me, toll mo ?' 1 'I know nothing of Margery,' I answered brokenly. 'Do you not under stand? It is part of my compact with Sir Bobert that I should neither write nor receive letters from homo.' With an impulBivo action ho soized my xoid hand, and squeezed it hard. ' I had. forgotten.' - " Then in warm sympathy he went on, \- 'No wonder you find it difficult to speak of them. Sir Bobort lias been cruel in that ; .and what must it ho to thom, to your mother aucl Margery ? My Margery worships you, Box. Some times I havo been almost jealous of you.' '0, merciful heaven!' I - thought, turning away, ' I oan not hoar this. Ho tears my heart with ovcry word.' John sat quiet for a minute, and then' ho continued. ' It must ho terriblo to those dear loving souls not to hear anything of you. If only I dared write.' With a start of dismay I clutched his hand, but I could think of nothing to say, and ho went on. ' But I can't, now, moro than' over, I must ndlierif to my original resolution.' ' ' What do you mean ? ' I faltered. 'Don't you Beo, Bex,' lio said, sadly,' ' Margery's position and mine are very different, now. If I thought it incum bent on me before to withdraw myself from hor lifo until I saw the prospect of being able to ask hor to he, my wife, how much more imperative is it now ? Margery will ho a rich woman in a fow months, for I know what you will do when you get the money, while I have still my way to make. Suroly if I hesi tated to speak when she was poor, it would ho dastardly of mo to do so now.' . xo be CONTINUED TO-MOKROW. 