A S T i K L i N u S H I R E P L O U G H - M A N ' S S T O U Y . We were gathered round the bothy (ire one cold winter night when the conversation turned; on ghosts Each mend or of the comi any had) some thrilling tale to tell, either of his owr. ex perience, or that-of someone else, ami whin it came to Hob Morris' turn be remarked, " I suppose, boys, none of yoi; ever heard me tell of my experience '?" " Never,' we chorused. " Let's hear it, J1>1> ?" and he began as follows : — ' " Some fifteen years ago i was serving at Ilankend, on tins west side of Denny 1 was second man on the fafm, anil uliarul the bothy with two other young feilows, and a harem- .scarum set we were ; few ploys occurred in the district that we lmd no hand iu How well I remember the mi lnight raid we planned on an old gentleman's fruit garden, which stood about half a mile from the farm The night selected was will suited for our purpose, there being no moon. Reaching the yarilcn, we scaled the wall, ar.d in a short time had our pockets well lined with apples, besides lilling a small sack,, when the owner of the vineyard suddenly) appeared. Bob Jones, who was on the top of the wall with the bag, dropped safely on the other side, and we lost no time in following. " But the old fellow was not to be done ro pasilv, and we soon discovered he was on our track. About half-rvav to the faim we came upon an old deserted mansion called I'owanbank, which stood by tho side of the road, and had the reputation of being haunted. Never very particular at any time we were less so now, mill bad scarcely concealed ourselves in one of ljwer rooms when the old fellow came pufling up. He paused irresolutely opposite lbs house, apparently uncertain whether we might not have taken refuge there. dust thin a bloodcurdling yell issued from the building, and he immediately took to his heels aiul away back the road he came. " You will suppose, no doubt, that we were convulsed with laughter at this, but, if so, you were never more mistaken. We crouched in a. corner of the room too terrified to move. Suddenly, without warning, an inni r door opened and a tall white figure beaiiug a lighted lantsru appeared on the threshold. This w .s too much, and with a wild rush ws reached the window, and tumbled out. Quickly rsgaining our feet we struck a bee line for the farm, aniring there without mishap. ! ! J . ' " Next day we heard that ' Halt Jjck,'tho village ' natural,' was boarding how he had frightened some chnps at the ' big boose ' the night before, and we were inclined to believe his statement, when, on investigation, we found that the bag of fruit left behind in our hurry had disappeared. As we had a two-fold object, however, in keeping silent on the subject, .Jock was allowed to remain m ster of the situation. 