LAYINGr A GHOST. FOB some time past persons who attend evening service at i the & C. Church, Junee, have been startled by seeing a weird and uncanny ^apparition which nightly took up a position in a medi- tative attitude at the fcofc of the hill (reports the Junee Democrat). De- scriptive accounts of its appearance varied considerably. Some were posi- tive it resembled an old hairy man with a long and silvery beard and a .countenance which bore that mild and benevolent aspect peculiar to the man who combines the duties of a church elder with the directorship of a bogus bank, while the descriptions of others left the impression that it was some thins; which WBS a cross between a bunvip and a load of wood. One individual who had resided in a place named Kiama during a ghost scare there was certain it was a celebrated statesman who was enjoying a holiday np here in his usual sportive-fashion. A plucky resident (may his shadow never grow less) determined to solve the mystery or know the reason why. So, arming himself with a breechloader and 21 rounds of ammuni- tion, he, as the shades of nighb were falling fast, quietly wended his way to the haunted spot, and there, takiDg up an entrenched position on his stomach, quietly waited. It rapidly grew dark, and still he waited.. Presently ..It" appeared; the only thiog be could discern plainly was two large eyes, which glowed with unnatural bright- ness. Now, at the supreme moment, our hero's resolution never wavered in the least, but wiih undaunted courage, and with a voice rendered shaky with emotion, he called out, " In the name of Queen Victoria and the' Empress of India I call oa you to stand, or I'll fire !" lb stood. " If you have any- thing to say spake out ! In the name of St. Pathrick spake !" Just here the apparition deliberately closed one eye, but remained silent. "I'll ask you three times to spake, and if you don't I'll give you the contents of both barrels ! Oae, will you spake ? Twice, will you spake ? Third and last time, will you spake ?" Bang ! bang ! and a wounded cow. dashes madly towards the distant-horizon bellowing mourn- fully. And thus the June© ghost was laid. 