fiidudeani face of ' ... ; / . ; death. ! Among fchu recollections of Mr. Eroudp, which ippenr - in the .lauuary uuinber of Uio-41 Con- temporary Heviow," the writor, the Into Mrs, Alexander Irelaud, relates tho following adven ture which btd'ell .Mr. 1'roudo, herself, ami St i iti c friends when old in a small ssiling boat m nr Mr. Kroudu's rrsiduuce - "Thtno was a whistliug, keen cry. in the wind, and wo uera hurried along by sheer force of Uio current of air and water. Opening my pyt-8, I . was. suddenly uwaro of a olituifte in the sct'UU. ;Au ominous blackness lay on tbo water, iiiunudiateiy srouud our little boat. Thu siju still ahouo at a distance, hut wo seemed m night. The cry M the wind was raided to a wild sbiielcMhu water rc-so tumultuous!);, tho llnico gale cAiiio down otiu of those 4 chinos,' as Ibo Devonshire folk call Uium— one of those narrow clefts between two bills. Tho sky, too, had changed ; tbo sail almost struck tbo water ; rain and sleet fell abuiTuuntly. - i ".lust boforo' this obango of wcalhorl bad boon saying to Mr. 1' rondo, 1 1 shall novor be lieve that I havo been hero; it is all iikou dream to mo, this experience.' And my com panion had Raid, 1 Yon arc like tho lady who saw a ghost iu her dreani and would netheuovo in it.' Shall I grnsp your aim, and leave a hlark mark ns a sigu ? or is thoro any other way r" ' .: 11 His dork oyes wero very close to me, and I added nervously, 4 Oh, I aiu only joldng.'. : . , " ' Bat,' ho continued, will nothing romnui to you of these sights nnd impressions after you leave us ?' < « To ino," I said, 4 all will remain j but l despair or ever conveying any true impression to anoihor. 44 He made no reply. Tho 4 squall ' repoMccG itscU furiously, and wo shipped a good deal of water, tho sail again dipping terribly. The little craft could not bo righted. 1'roude, who still held tho liller-rojics, said, wilh what scorned to mo a sardonio stnile, and perfectly : unmoved: , , , .. . "'Aro you afraid ?' Ho sjioko for tbo roar of tho elements made it needful. - « I met his look and said quietly, 4 Not in tholoistron whicli ho turnud his head from 44 The storm, now grew moro violent. . Miss Froudu, who was self-possessed, but very pale, said, so as to bo heard : _ , 44 4 1 think wo aro in dangor, fslhur. Id which tho reply, given without a tingo bf emo-' tiou, was : ' "'V.'" ; 44 4 Yery likoly.' . 44 It flashed through my mind with tho strange rapidity that i9 born of such moments, that a near possibility lay nt hand of our all bo- ing drowned — since tho capsisingof a pleasure boat in deep waters has. ottca ted to such an end, I saw, in my mind's eye, the submerging of that little unmnuagenblo craft. 1 thought Hern is Mr. Froude, 70 years or ngo-myseir 50 —he not lougiug to live— I not longing to hvo; : Hitherto I had beon careful not to toucli him, ;but -with tho violent inovemeut of the hunt I: felt an inclination to catch at his arm, hut did not. 4 Still,' thought 1, 4 if wo drown it will bo ! together ' ; and conscious myself of entire phys ical disability, it might, after all, have been that wo should have clung together iu that suureino moment. It takes tno moro lime to write this than- was allowed for tbo thoughts to flash through tny'inind. For again Froucto's voice said, close to my car : - ; ' jj, 44 4 Aro you'reod y-?? ... V",i 44 And something nerved mo up lo add dis tinctly : . . 1 44 4 Quite ready. Tlio place and tlio hour a-tiu ' the company will do very-soil, if it is to be now and hero !' 44 4 Well,' said ho droiuiily; if its not now, :'tisyot lo como ; thu rcnumcas ih nil— — . 44 Anil almost as soon -.ns tbo words wero; .siHikcn, thu boat righted, tho stress of the storm abated, and we got under aholtcr of some rocks; 44 Thou Vroudo said coldly, 4 Don't trust to first inijuussione, Mrs, I rein ml I' And ho gave mo onu of his unlavourable, searching looks. ' 