CHAPTER X. " To see ourselves as others see us." j An editorial note seems necessary at this stage of Mark Gunnery's story, for the very I manuscript bore evidence of the horror of mind with which the writer had recalled this incident in his Btory. The writing was here deciphered only with difficulty. It had I evidently been penned under great mental agitation. It should he said that however strange ' and improbable this portion of Mark Gunnery's story may appear, it is plain that he himself believed it true. Moreover, j there are incidents connected with it, which suggested the existence of internal evidence as to its accuracy. The manuscript continued as follows: The whole of that first night of horror and amazement I spent in the open air. I dare not go back. I would have done so if it had been De Vere, or any other human enemy; but I dared not go back to en counter this mysterious fac simile of my self,—myself as I ought to have been. I wandered about the streets and the domain, and thought of myself in those chambers. For a long time I fearel even to sit down on one of the park seats lest the awful thing should appear by my side ! I saw men sleeping upon the grass and on the benohes. With all their poverty, they were happier than I. It was not merely that I had a double ; but it was my self my own personality that had been usur ped. I thought to myself that some demon had become incarnated in my natural body, and that in which I dwelt was an aged frame resurrected from the grave of one of my ancestors. I myself, my soul, the person ality, the ego which loved and hated, and thought, and remembered, had been flung out of its natural home by the hand of De Vere, and had taken refuge during that period of my unconsciousness in the agod body of another I was a living lie. At last wearied oub I sat down ou the bench by the side of a sleeper; upon the little bit of unoccupied room at the end. The man moved restlessly, raised his head a moment, and eyed me suspiciously. I apologised for disturbing him ; upon which he blurted something out and betook him self again to slumber. The night seemed interminable, but at last the grew dawn came, and I walked about, for I was cold, and presently retur ned to the street in which my chambers were located. A light still burnt there, so I opened the street door with my latch-key, and with trembling steps mounted the stairs. I pushed the door gently open—and—saw the thing at the table still writing. I thought " If I had a weapon I would shoot you," but the question arose in my mind was it flesh and blood at all, or was it anything natural ? It would be little use to make a bullet-hole in a ghost,—the sight of the thing perfectly sickened me. "Oomo in, Vernon," he said, turning around, My God! it was indeed myself, Mark Gunnery—voice, feature, gesture I " Olose the door, please," he continued, 11 and sit down, I want to talk to you. You know you are singularly like an anoestor of mine, Mr. Vernon. It makes it the more strange that you should be so interested in this search after my unfortunate wife and child." My tongue was dry and stuck to the tool of my mou(ih, and it was a minute or so before I could moisten it so as to regain utterance. " Do you know who you are, and where you are, and how you came here ? Whether you are human or inhuman, flesh or .devil ? In the name of God answer me I" I ex claimed. His lips curled with soorn, just as my own would have done had anyone so ad dressed me. " Old man you have been drinking, I fear," was all thbt he said; and that was uttered oarelessly, and disdainfully, "Who are you ? " I repeated. " If you do not know, sir, I am Mark Gunnery, of Ohuroh Oonsett Hall, England. If you wish to know further, I am in Temple Court Chambers, talking to one John Vernon." He said this with a fine tone of super iority .and irony in his voice, aa though be still clung to the belief that I was intoxi cated. I was simply confounded t And now commenced one of the strangest experiences which ever fell to the lot of man. Daily and almost hourly I graw to have familiar intercourse with this thing. The something whioh was inside the body I hated; but the exterior was my own flesh, my own home, and I soon began to think and plan as to how I might regain its possession. I encouraged it to be with me, feared lest any accident might overtake it. It was something belonging to myself in the temporary possession of another, and I at this stage acted accordingly. I called it Gunnery and the thing called me Vernon. I was amazed, however, to find that this thing, the vilenesB and devilry of whose character I soon learnt to know so well, was able to impress other people friendly. ' It had installed itself completely in my position, for not only had it usurped my name and body, but it appropriated the property and funds, both in England and Australia, which were vested in the name of Mark Gunnery. The belief that it was a demon grew upon me, and inmalioe, hatred and all unoharitableness and falsity, it equalled if not surpassod other human demons, whioh, alas I walk our streets, and move in society, and taint the very air with their blasphemies and obscenity. I got to know my demon well, and I loathed him beyond measure; but yet kept company with him, because of my interest in the body he possessed. Soon after his first appearance I found that he had taken rooms at one of the best hotels in the city, and was obtain ing introductions by the use of my name and money, and was .actually getting into society. I was sometimeB led to almost question my own identity, for when we are long familiar with a state of things, it be comes diffloult to oontinuo to realise their falsity, Just aa a man may bo often repeat a fiction aa to believe it true. I was so familiar with the Mark Gunnery who I daily met and conversed with, as almost to believe it to be what it seemed. The illusion was never continued long, however, for I knew the real Mark Gunnery too well not to discern the counterfeit. The moment he commenced to talk of anything beyond the merest common place, I saw the imposture, It was my own body, face, voice, and gesture. Every little trick natural to me as a man he had ; to some extent, too, ho possessed a knowledge of my past, but it was partial and fragmentary. It was the outer circle of facts that he was familiar with, ho knew about my property at Ohurch Oonsett, my investments, the cash in the hands of my bankers, my wife and child, and other things which belonged to matters physical and external; but when the inner circle of knowledge and experience | which every man possesses, was touched I upon, he went off at a tangent. He know that there I knew too much for him, so he evaded such things ond in doing so at onco revealed himself. Nor did we in our private intercourse al together hide this from each other. He know that I knew and hated him, and only kept company with liitn, as wo do with a thief or enemy, who possesses something dear to us. That he had an object in coming to me, was self evident, either ho was acting for himself or for another ; but certainly it was for the purpose of tormenting me before my time. I had singular bodily sensations in con nection with his coming and his going. I knew at once when he was in my neigh bourhood, and I felt repelled and on my guard as soon as I found myself in his presence. It was like the positive and nega tive poles of a magnet. There was much in common ; but no spiritual affinity or attract ion. ' - I believe that some people felt much the same way as I did, in his company. The mysterious principle which is known to ohemists as " the action of presence" was remarkably evident in him. I noticed that children and animals shrank from him. And yet ho could be suave, and courteous, and sweet spoken when he liked ; but it was only surface sweetness, from the teeth outward. And the purer portion of society seemed unconsciously to shrink from him. But he had money, and spoke correctly, and carried himself among his fellows as one who by birth and education and rank had a claim upon their consideration, and to a large extent society took him at his own price. A handsomely appointed cab, with liveried coaohman waited for him in the morning, to drive him hero and there, and not unfre quently to the barracks, where he became specially familiar with an officer who was a man of wealth, but was lightly regarded in the service, and had been blackballed in the clubs. I used to wonder sometimes why he clung to me so closely, and passed so much time in my company, for I knew that the hatred between us was mutual, I believe that there was some physioological cause, which even now I only very partially understand. It may have been that he wanted to find out something about my history or inten tions, or of the body he inhabited, whioh remained undiscovered to him. I make no pretenoe myself to special goodness or vir tue, the current of circumstances, and my own evil passions had carried me a long way down the stream ; but there was still a great gulf fixed between myself and this unolean demon. The very thought that ho had possession of my body, that he made it 3wear his obsoene oaths and fulfill his unhallowed desires was maddening to me. I have already intimated that my father had left mo a large fortune at his death, and I expostulated with Gunnery at the way in whioh he was spending it. 1 You seem to know a lot about my affairs,' he said with an oath ' it's like your dashed impertinence, to talk about a matter which is no concern ofyoura at all; a volley of scurrility followed, at which I turned upon my heels contemptuously, and loft the foul thing to itself. When next we met it was as though this had never occurred, and it was suave and polite and generally fair spoken as before. I never referred to the matter, however, again ; let him spend it, I thought it would be curious to note bow he would act if he was poor. The gross excesses of the thing, however, well nigh drove me to distraction —in my person too. " The vile body of my humiliation.' I thought to myself, un consciously recalling scripture which I had heard in better and happier days. I soon found out that he was associating himself with the fastest and loosest society of Sydney, so I followed him about with his boon companions, and witnessed with a sickening heart how he was heaping dis honor upon my person, and trailing the fair name of my anocstors in the dust. Had I felt that he was human, I would have risked everything to have resoued him ; but he was inhuman, and I could only stand .and watch the tragedy afar off. And yet it puzzled me that the men with whom he consorted did not read his character aright and shrink from him. They certainly quarrelled with him occa sionally at their wine partios; but foul as he then sometimes became, they were too nearly his equals in sin to take muoh notice of it, and in the morning, except for the deeper lines left by the previous night's orgie, he and his companions were smooth spoken and fair- faced as before. I asked myself whether it was possible that I, Mark Gunnery, could over have fallen so low as this j and yot I saw men from whose early life, and religious training, and education, very different things might have been expectod, follow the lead o[ this incarnated demon, as though there was no fine instinct of the hoart to tell them what he was, or from whence he oame. Sometimes the thought of these things was more than I could bear, and I would then go alone, and sometimes lie down upon the cliffs at the South Head of the harbour. I did this one afternoon when I was more than usually depressed. The weather had boun tempestuouB; and I expeoted to Qnd the great Pacific billows dashing themselves in foam capped thunderous masses against (he roclts, It would have been iu keeping wiili the tumult of my mind. Instead, however, the great waters stretched away eastward iu sublime tranquility; and I lay down on a little patch of grass upon the summit of one of the cliffs. It was a scene of perfect rest that lay before me, and its quietness stole into my heart and rebuked its disquietude, and I gave myself up to nature, for to all appearance we wero there alone. To my left was a long stretch of rugged beetling cliffs of rough brown rock. Against ijjv sides, many and many a storm had beaten ..r;: Mi fully, and many a well found vessel had been wrecked—wrecked at the very entrance headlands of the harbour. Some fisher boats were seemingly at anchor, half a mile or more from shore, moving up and down, and to and fro, with the swelling and falling of (ho water, which however never broke into a wave. At a further distance a largo clipper ship was being cast off by a tug boat. She had come down the harbour in the wake of the puffing little steamer with only her fore and aft sails set; but uow she was shaking out her topsails, and although no sound was audible, they were evidently busy getting under way. The Guardian tug, however, kept beside her, and the two drifted slowly by, until she could be quite ready to take her own pathway on the sea. The sun hung above the scene, as though enamoured of the glorious prospect of sea and land-locked harbor he was loath to leave it, lest in his journey ho might not look upon such a sight again. Nor could I wonder, for to lie there, and look out upon the great beyond, and drink in the'fresh sea air, and scan occasionally the ever-beautiful pauorama of sea and shore, had become to me a solace. Something whioh took me out of myself and my dark surroundings, and rekindled hope, and res tored the even balance of my mind and placed a just and good God once again upon the throne. Thus I lay thinking when> I heard a voice which seemed to come from below me. It was a voice which made the blood tingle in my veins to my very finger tips; for it spoke in familar accents, a familiar name. • Beatrice.' (To be Continued) 