THE STORYTELLER, j THE QUEEN OF THE ! SOUTH/ ? « ? CHAPTER XXXIIL— (Continued.) ;. Neither of them afterwards could well j .?' ' ?? 'have described how they pas3ed over the \- ' intervening distance to the mill; it was like the annihilation of space in a dream. 'They spoke not another word on the way. They arrived, and that was all they knew. 'There is a light in the mill. Ha is there,' gasped Caroline. ' Surely, if he had done tho deed he would never have dared to tak« refuge here, the mill is said to be haunted. Frederick ! Mr. Price !' ejaculated Julia. ' Don't call,, someone else may be within Blearing. Let us go upstairs and speak to lhim,' said Caroline, ever most anxious for Iher lover's safety. _ Julia reached the decayed steps that led ' npward into the old mill the first ; but she hesitated to proceed. 'They do tell such Bhocking stories of the place, Carry.' ' Every instant is of consequence, of life-and-death consequence,' said Miss Sidney, and stepping past her cousin, she rreao'utely led the way. In a few moments both stood on the 'first decayed floor of the mill. They easily opened the door that .admitted to it, for it ?was off its hinges, and whs only slightly secured by being placed in a leaning posi tion against the entrance. .A beam of red light, as if from the ex ?piring embers of a fire, shone down a ladder leading to an upper chamber of the ruins, *nd revealed an intrinsic mass of ruinous timber work and machinery covered with ?dust and cobwebs around them. Caroline herself now thought it advisable to flpeak. ' Frederick,' she exclaimed in 6 low tone, but one full of agonised feeling. « Frederick Price !' raising her voice, 'I 6nl here. I would speak a single word With you that— that concerns your safety, ' iiearii Frederick, Caroline Sidney speaks' i ?bnri '*?'?'? Som'e one certainly stirred, or rather fetarted; above, na if disturbed from a sound bleep, but no one answered. « He is listening, he has not recognised voiir voice, and is perhaps afraid we are the bfficers,' said Julia, revealing in the hurry bf het ideas that the suspicion of Fred ferick'S guilt had oast its shadow into her Usually clear and sunny atmosphere of ^binfon. ' Frederick Price,' she continued \n Y«lsed tone?, 'we are friends— Miss Sidney a nd Jalia Kushton- We are alone ? '« Jimminy, if this isn:fc the T'8'8} %% I've heard on for ^ tlm°- ™f ?ork °J -moVd send me up p - £ Mq eaid a strange voice in rep.., : »*%™£ to these gentle summonses, and u * unsnown . ficare presented itself, crouching on au fours, and gazing down the ladder at ?,.* new arrivals. ' . Caroline perceived at the same instant, ?bat without losing her self-possession, that the speaker held a pair of pistols, one in »each hand, as if ready to discharge them -on any impulse of fear or suspicion. «- Two witches,' continued the denizen ?of the Black Mill, eyeing them with evi dent amazement. ' No, an old un and a ?ivoung 'un. Slrargers, who are you i ' Is not Frederick Price, a young gentle -*aa«f that name, lodging in this— in this ' 'V sir?' said Caroline, with firmness, mi»'» mueh alarmed, while Julia— the though 4 armed Julia — was unablo to valiant auu «-j# articulate a wo* *--\d!eric& Price 1 Is that « Frederick — Fi '? the unknown, with Hfl name ?' returnea _ ^, « i8 that the ?evidently startled attention, '^y v?ere talk name of the young fellow th, ^ *«\ an-i a ing about here — concerning a gi. murder— awhile gone V 'v ' It is very likely, sir,' responded Julia, for Caroline, in her turn had become \- Bpoechless. 'Are you a friend of his? You seem, air, to be a sailor (she observed his broad-brimmed straw hat in the re fleeted light)] If you are aware of his presence, tell him we have a word or two to say to him which may be of very great ' consequence to him. If he thinks it . ' necessary to conceal himself from others, say only. Caroline Sidney is here, and I am sure— I am sure he will trust himsolf to \- Bpoak with us.' « Well, if this don't beat me,' exolaimed ' the locataire of the haunted mill. ' Just ? you wait the crack of a whip, young \- woman, and I'll be dovrn with you, and !? hear what on airth is the meaning of it all. '/ 'Let ua go, let us ran home, Caroline. \- I don't like tbo l°°k of manner of this ? mun »t vM JTsedenofc ia not hew 3; m sure, or he would have come to us at once,' said Julia Kashton, trembling in every limb ' Wo mean no harm, let us fear none, Frederick is concealed in some part of this ruinous place, I have no doubt. I wish to know the worat, that I. may no longer dread it,' said Caroline, with a courage that a few minutes previously she had no idea she possessed. While thus speaking the person with whom they had just exchanged this brief dialogue began to descend tho steps of the ladder. , , x, . . He came down backwards as the safest way, carrying a lighted brand in his hand, which flamed and shed sparke as he moved in the air. It was easy to see that he was a tall man of athletic but spare and muscu lar proportions, and that he wore the white slops and coarse striped shirt of a sailor. His broad-brimmed straw hat, loose necker chief, and scarlet braces completed his pro fessional costume. Somehow or other both the young girls terror subsided as they ascertained these particulars. In England the idea ot chivalroua respect and tenderness for women is so associated with the external characteristics of a seaman that they felt visaed when they perceived this stranger b. -vted to be one. appe. Mieless, when the man gained the Never ^ the mill and stood before lower floor * -Mjsina were struck with an them both the c^ - mistrust, undefinable fear ana ^ youngish man, He was apparently - tjarkably long about thirty-five, with a rfa. were set and narrow visage. Hi8 eyes ^fously very closely together, and had a cv ^ -«on yellow and metallic glare. H» comply las exceedingly sallow and he ^d a dis aereeable expression of craft and prying unpleasanti eyes, ' We came on — on the most pressing business, to speak with — with a young gentleman of the name of Price, who is — who is somewhere in the mill, is he not ?' faltered Julia Rushton, who had now scarcely nerve enough left to hold her sword-stick, much less to draw it. 'Not as I know on. There were some people gibbering about the p'ace half an hour or thereabouts ago, they sartinly were talking about a chap of that name,' re plied the stranger. ' What do you want with him, if asking's no offence 1' ' I wish to speak with him. If I can not speak with him, it is of no consequence,' said Caroline, also much dismayed with the fellow's stare. ' But 0, sir, if he is here you are not playing a trua friend's part to con ceal him from those who come to do him a service. I know that he is acquainted with some sailors; pray tell me if you know— or are you perhaps one of the crew of a gentleman of the name _ of Oiaridge, who is a shipowner, and who is a friend of Frederick's?' ' I know him pretty considerably well, I reckon,' replied the Yankee, with an ugly twitch of the jaws. Adding, after a mo ment's reflection, ' but what have you got to say to the young gentleman, taking it it for granted he's a-hiding in this cussed old mill ; where, however, one would think it likelier for a swarm of ghosts than living men to be sought and found ?' 'I wish to tell him,' said Caroline, faintly, supposing all the time that Frede rick was abeve, and possibly listening to her words, ' to tell him— that his retreat is discovered, and that unless he takes im mediately to flight officers of the law will ho here to search the place shortly, and nro- bly to effect his capture.' « 'Ba*1 De ain-fc done the murder' has he* T reckon be ain't j but, in course, I'm not «n rha lurv ' sisidi the man. °n«?N I ? he b perfeotly innocent, but but appearances are againat him, sit,1 eiaouWed Carolina. . , »«M4 «pp.ei»KWK« m Wttuag in this fine world of ours, yottng woman. Notwithstanding, and although j I don't think the other on you is so old as she gives herself our,' observed to fellow, eye ing both young ladies, but especially Julia, with insolent curiosity. ' Pray, sir, don't speak so,' said the latter, trembling excessively. 'Caroline dear, if Frederink is not here, we had better go ; we have nothing more to say/' ' But Frederick is here, miss,' returned the wretch in a tone and manner which made the young women's blood run cold. 'He's upstairs warming himself like a frozen rattlesnake by tha fire ; and I am sure he will make you both kindly welcome — and so shall I. So get up the ladder and show your ankles, for you needn't be ashamed of them, neither of ye, I'll be bondsman.' 'Lat us go, Julia; Frederick is not there, or he would have interfered long ere now,' said Caroline with dignity. ' Ba so good as to stop, miss. No ; Frederick is not there; he's off on a lark of his own. There is another lady in the case, you know,' said the occupier of the mill, turning to his own purposes a portion of the conversation he bad overheard between Augustus and Patrick. ' Fred erick isn't here, bub there's no occasion for you to hurry on that account. 1 am — and he'll be back shortly with a fair young Irish lady leaning on his arm.' ' I do not understand this discourse, sir. Julia, let us go ; we shall be missed and followed if we do not raturn immediately,' said Caroline, exceedingly terrified now at the consequences of her imprudent venture, but endeavoring to preserve her presence of mind, and to impress the fellow with a ^ notion of approaching rescue. ' You had better stay a bit, I tell you. There's no occasion for hurry, he has gone to see his Mary, and help her to pack for a little excursion to London.' He saw that Caroline started at the words ; but she was ..otherwise; -too much alarmed to attach all the miserable con clusions she might, oh any other occasion, have done to tha statement. vr ' Mary,' she repeated, faintly,' Mary Eourkel — Lat us go, Julia ; we have no longer any business here.' . ' But I shan't let you cut. me so un» kindly, my pretty ones. I am quite lone* some by myself here, among the ghosts of this owls' haunt, and I insist on your keeping company with me, at least until your friend Frederick returns.' : The fellow stretched his long limbs like a spider as he spoke, and before the terrified girls could comprehend his intention, he strode round to the only exit of the mill and took his station at it. Caroline perceived all the imprudence of the rash measure she had executed, at this instant. But her chief anxiety and con cern were for Julia Rushton, whose faithful friendship had brought her with herself into so fearful a predicament. 'You are mistaken, sir, in an opinion you appear to entertain,' she said, still preserving some composure. ' We are members of the most respectable families in the neighborhood, and only the, extreme anxiety for the safety of a dear friend, wbo has fallen under an unjust suspicion, has brought us here at this unusual hour of the night. I readily forgive a mistake which circumstances seem . to justify, and will amply recompense you for any civility you may show us if you -will call on me to morrow at Charlton House.' ' ' Did you never- read the pretty little story of the pretty little fish that was caught by an angler, and begged he would put it in the water again till it grew to be a fine big one ?' returned the fellow, with a leer that showed his yellow sharp teeth to the gums. ' In plain English, and that's a lingo, I should say, understood by most people at all events in the old county, we are not going to part so easily. I must inquire into the truth of your story, and make vou T-ay ransom before you ko loose, or I shall have to whistle for it, I'm thinking. So just you mount that ladder there to the room above, or I'll let you see who's master here. I'm one of the family that used to own this mill, d'ye see, aad a queer lot we were. Gome, I've got the * means to make you, and I will.. Dj you see this?' As he spoke, the descendant of the Leppards of the Black Mill — as he boasted himself to be— suddenly curled his neck back like a snake preparing to dart its fangs, and drew from behind, as if he sheathed it in the nape of his neck, one of those long, murderous weapons oalled bowie knives. He flashed the blade full in the eyes of ;. the affrighted frirla, and pointed with 8\ me.n&Qiag; gesture te \\\w la^er, ' You may kill me, man,' said Caroline, facing him with roused courage instead of the dismay He intended to produce. ' But never shall you either force or induce me to comply with your insolent command. Again I say, let us go, and I will reward you handsomely.' ' What will you give ?' said the Yankee, staggered, while much disappointed at this display of resolution. ' I am under age, and I have not much money at command — but all I have shall be yours. I have upwards of thirty pounds in ray desk at home. I meant them for the relief of the poor, but I will give them to you if you will release us without further insult,' said Caroline. ' Thirty pounds ! But I have a notion T can make more of you by keeping you prisoners here. I dare say your friends will come down handsomely rather than have you exposed on such a queer excur sion — after a young murderer too,' ob served the man. ' And besides, you are both deuced pretty. If Jerrold weren't such a prating old hypocrite about women I'd take you on a voyage or two in the Osprey before you troubled your families again with your cantrips. Mount the stairs, I say.' He spoke in the tone of Bluebeard com* manding his wife to descend and have her head severed with the stroke of the murderous sabre that had already slain so many unfortunate ladies. Julia shrieked with terror. ' Scream as much as you liko,' said, the villain. ' We are iar enough out of range ior such small popgun signals of distress. I'll make all tight and fast in the hatches here, and then we shall see what we can do to quiet this baby squealing.' But the unmanly rascal, secure of his prey as he thought himself, was mistaken. A voice at this moment was heard from the mill-yard below shoutinar, 'What's the matter ? Who calls there'?'' I was: the voice 'of John Purday. '?' Help, help, for the love of heaven, dear sir, help us ! Mr. Purday, it is I — Caroline Sidney.'.' ' Quiet, foolish wench, if you don't want your Frederick's hiding-place to be revealed,' said the man, alarmed in his turn by the trample c.f several feet in the enclosure. 'D'ye hear — keep what has passed between us dark, and I'll not split where I am pretty well certain your sweet heart is to be found.' Caroline had hardly time to express a hurried acquiescence when the mill door, which the man was about to secure, was burst open, and in John Purday pushed his ,way. He was followed by some half dozen villagers armed with various weapons — two of them with loaded fowling-pieces. The astonishment of the good old gentleman on recognising Caroline aiid her companion, who made no effort to conceal themselves, may be imagined. 'Is Frederick then here, ia reality?' he exclaimed, breathlessly. 'No, dear sir, he is gone,' said Caro line, scarcely knowing what she said, and only anxiou3 to misdirect the persons who she imagined had come to arrest her still beloved one. ' Peter Brin is then mistaken,' said Purday, in a tone of great disappointment. ' He declares that he tracked Patrick Rourke to this place, and that he was here joined by another person who, he will .have it, was not Frederick at all, but Augustus Pophly.' t ' And so it were, sir — it were Mr. Augustus,' said honest Peter, the ostler, raising his voice from the ranks, where he figured with a pitchfork. ' I wasn't near enough to hear what they said, because why I was a/eared to get them both on to me at onco — but it was them two, and no other, so help me, if I never speak a breathing word again.' 'Mr. Augustus Pophly — Pophly's the name, is it ?' said the Yankee. ' Yes, sir j'.what do you know of him ?' said Mr. Purday, surveying him with very ? slight signs of approbation indeed. 'I hope you won't commit me for a rogue and vagabond, sir, if you're a magistrate, or some such noble esquire, &c;, if I answer, I know nothing whatever of Mr. Augustus Pophly— that I am going to tell you, or anybody else, just now,' returned the stranger, with provok mg coolness and insolence. ' What are you doing here ? Who are you ?' said Mr. Purday, angrily. ' A brace of questions at once. But ? one stone should hit 'em both if I weren't rather. ip a talking humor, old gentleman, ior I should say ' Find out,' and assist you /£ with a long eight,' replied tho stranger. . ' Wull, I camo to bus som$ relations of mine that I understood our family had left a long time ago in these parts, and I got benighted, and took shelter in this here crazy old mill. That's my business here ; and what I am myself, since you're pleased to take an interest in it, I'm mate of a ship that's rocking at anchor in Dover roads, I expect, at present. Would you like to know my name besides ? My English messmates call me Yankee Snaky, and my own statesmen on board, more purlitely, Mr. Lazarus Leppard, of South Carolina, from the place I was raised in.' ' Say no more to him, sir,' whispered Caroline to Mr. Purday. ' Let us go, for heaven's sake — Patrick Rourke has re turned to the village— and after all Brin may be right, for I am certain Frederick is not in the mill or anywhere about it.' ' But I am not, Miss Sidney,' said John Purday, ia a tone of grave sorrow and re prehension. 'And I will have the mill searched. I will have no more of this skulking and hide-and-seek work. If Frederick is innocent let him come for ward and prove himself so. If he is guilty I and every other honest man en dowed with a proper feeling of what he owes to society will assist in bringing him to justice. I will have the mill searched. Friends and neighbors set to work.' Caroline had thus the misery to find that her ill-advised expedition confirmed her guardian, acd the villagers who sc conipanied him, in the opinion that it was Frederick who had the confabulation with Rourke. In vain old Peter Brin adhered with the most invincible obstinacy to bis asser tion that Augustus Pophly alone figured in the secret, meeting with the late over seer of Charlton mill. During the whole period the mill was being searched — which was rigidly effected under Mr. Purday's direction — the heart of Caroline was sick with apprehensions of the most contrary nature. The searchers found a fire burning in the upper chamber of the ruin, a sailor's knapsack, and some provisions claimed by Mr. Lazarus Leppard as bis property. And that was all — with the exception of a newly-made crow-quill pen, dipped in some kind of red fluid, which was blown bv the wind to Mr. Purday's feet as he was examining the mill yard : no trace of Frederick, or of any other person. Finally the search was given up as use less, and Mr. Purday, though much dis pleased wish the two imprudent girls, gave them his arms to lead them home to Charlton. Lazarus Leppard was left in undisturbed possession of his ancestral mill. But long before the party retired he had returned to his dormitory where, stretching himself be/ore the fire with his knapsack for a pillow, he affected to fall into a profound slumber. What had he to do with the turmoils of an obscure village ? chapter' xxxiv. The wedding of the rich widow of Villa Albano with the wealthy banker of Lom bard-street was the talk of all Kensington for at least a week after. Seldom has there been a grander one in private life. There %vere twenty-ninecarriagesengaged. Wo ore sure of this, for Mrs. Campdown counted thorn from an obscuro garret . win dow of hor house, whence sho thought it Jmpossiblo she could herself bo discerned. ?o mortify the ysnity of ' the woman/' as she almost always called her showy neigh bour, she ordered the rest of her house to shut up aa if there had been a funeral at it, and no one to take tho least notice of the ' creature's conceited parade.' This order extended even to the colonel, who hail, of late, exhibited signs of curiosity on the subject of his vivacious neighbour. Twenty-nine carriages, all filled with Sir Richard's friends— but Sir Richard's only. Mrs. Campdown clearly ascertained this fact by the interven'.i m of Sarah Hopkins, who was invited to partake of the remains of the wedding breakfast in the form of a barquet given by the aristocracy of the kitchen next door to celebrate the event, after the departure of the happy pair on their wedding trip. Sir Richard had four horses in hia car riage, and the postillions' j tckets were of ruby satin. A very appropriate colt r said the crowd, for so golden a match. The widow also sported an entirely new carriage and livery, and Orlando looked as if be might have gone to court without let or hindrance by the Lord Chamberlain, in his superb livery, with the vast nosegay in his bosom and the snow-white favour in his cocked hat, producing at a distance, the illusion of a staff officer's distinguishing plnme. The coachman belorged to an earlier period in bis powdered peruke ; there might have been objections to his admittance. It was evident, people said and thought, that both the bride and bridegroom were proud of their choice ; and the world gave them credit for having good reasons for the same. The world is not curious to lift people's masks if they wear them boldly and as if they were their proper faoes. There were six bridesmaids — certainly very young ladies, but all of families oc cupying good positions in eocioty ; three in skyblue silk and areophane, and three in maiden'B-blush piDksilk and areophane. Six bridesmaids ! Where and how on earth did Mrs. Snodgrass, who had no female acquaintances that she cared to own, get them ? Reader, you shall learn. Mrs. Snodgrass had no female acquaint ances of very high respectability, but Sir Richard Graham had plenty. She knew that among them there must be several mothers of families, the extreme youth of whose daughters rendered it unlikely they could be very hopeful pretendants for Sir Richard's hand. Consequently, they would not be very much embittered against the successful aspirant. Having satisfied him of the advisability of her haviDg a goodly train of these youbg virgins to the altar, Mrs. Snodgraes in structed her wealthy betrothed to announce in certain suitable quarters that he had taken a fancy to dress all the bridesmaids at his own expense in a kind of uniform of very splendid materials ; that he in tended to make each of them a present of a handsome pearl necklace ; that he wished the retinue to consist of six young ladies, and that Mrs. Snodgraas had only selected five from among her own young friends. Consequently, there was a vacancy for one, which Sir Richard w»3 permitted to fill up. Everybody, mothers and daughters alike, was immediately most anxious to oblige Sir Richard, if he would do them the honor to think them worthy of the occasion. Then, by judiciously selecting one only from each family group, and introducing tho six on separate opportunities to the bride elect ; when all were united togothor in the duties of tho bridal pageant, each had the flattering conviction that she was the selection of Sir Richard, and that all the other five were Mrs. Snodgrass's par ticular friendr, A goodly crowd assembled at the back of Hanover Square Chapel, who cheered the bride when she came out of the vestry, in a dazzle of white water silk and blonde laces and veil. They laughed a little at Sir Richard, and he drew the scarlet; curtains of his vehicle in a huff, so as to prevent them seeing any more of the bride, to the great disappointment of many intel ligent lookers-on, while a blackguard boy exclaimed, 'That's right, old un. Keep her out of sight, if you're ashamed of her.' The breakfast was of course at Villa Albano. Fifty- five persons sat down to it, more than half ladies, without counting the artfully-acquired bridesmaids, who perhaps ould only be reokom d as children. Mr. Blackader was among the company, and carved two fowls next to him with great dexterity. Sir Richard himself honored him with an invitation at last, after consulting Mrs. Snodgrass, who made no objection. But up to the even ing before the wedding the managing clerk had received no invitation. Nevertheless, it was found he had provided a very hand^ some rig-out for the occasion, as if sure of receiving one in the end. Champagne dew about. People feasted, speechified, drank the newly-wedded pair's health with uproarious cheers. The bride kept up a steady blush, which some. people (ladies) were ill-natured enough to declare owed its brilliancy to the art of the kalor gynist. One of her cheeks .was even vouched to be redder than the otfier. It was doubtless that next to Blackader, though, poor man, he was a long way down the table, and by the general neglect appeared to have very little, if any, busi ness at it. At last a pause came in the feasting — to be resumed with greater furor than ever, at least the drinking part of it— while the bride retired to dress for her journey on the customary month's seclusion of uninterrupted bliss in the country. Everyone but the ladies admired her ap« pearance when she returned ready for her ourney. She really had not often looked handsomer— and Mr3. Snodgrass was a very pretty woman when dressed, as she now was — to perfection. Blackader him- . self felt what was possibly a pang of vexa tion and envy cross his heart — or what did duty for one in his breast — when he looked at her. We recommend faict, rose-tinted, cream-colored stutfs to all brides in their travelling array. Still there was no face that beamed with joy apparently so unlimited and sincere as Mr. Blackader's, when, with officious de votion, he anticipated Orlando's services, and let down the steps of the travelling* carriage destined to receive the happy pair. He gave a look of humble con gratulation at Sir Richard, who honored him with a loffy nod in acknowledgment— and another of irrepressible triumph and exultation at the bride as she passed. No, Mrs. Snodgrass did not invariably wear her mask. She repaid him with a look that expressed the very extremity of human scorn and hatred — a look that in a manner petrified even Rigol Blackader in the height of his success. Nevertheless, he rallied in time to throw an old shoe, which he had purposely begged of the cook, after the carriage, as the horses dashed off with the bridal pair at a really alarming rate. It was sent with a will, for there was almost a crash when the messenger of luck struck the back of tho vehicle. Sir Richard actually thought some misadventure had befallen it, and put his head anxiously out of the window to ascertain. But he and it were whirled out of sight almost instantly by the spirited dash of the postilions, who were both of them as nearly drunk as was compatible with retaining their places in their saddles. One would have thought that in this moment of exalted triumph and success Lady Graham's happiness could not have ?*- been easily clouded. And yet it was — by the merest trifle in tho world. Not the little interlude with Blaokader. She could easily have got over that. But — — ? Among the number of curious gazers, chiefly of the plebeian classes, usually col lected round a doorway on occasions of such public revelry and display, Lady Graham became aware as she seated her self in the carriage beside her husband that she was an object of particular scrutiny with an individual of the crowd. This porson wns a womnn of middle age, endowed with a set of haggard, dissipated looking features, large, Bbining, gipsy-like yes, wearing a tattered garb, and carry* ' \\- - ?, ;, ing a string of hareskins as a distinctive l\ ~ ... sign of her professional pursuits. . ' r t - To people in general, we say, she was \- - , : . only a dealer in hareakins, gazing at a , ''c. - rich man's wedding from an appropriate * -, ' '-.; - station in the street. '/-?-'„-'„ ? To Lady Graham she was Fanilda S-, .-;; - ' ' Wildgoose, who in former years had been ' '- ,~ ier friend and confidant when they both \- '' filled situations as supernumeraries at a ,. ; ; , , metropolitan theatre. ?:' - Fanilda'u gleaming eyes had fascinated those of the bride, and, taken at disad . . vantage from her recent relaxation into , ?? ' natural expression, in favor of Blackader, ? . ' - Lady Graham gave an all-confessing start. The carriage drove away and fhe woman \- - was left motionless in astonishment on the kerbstone. - ? She continued to gaze long after it had 1 - - faded from mortal vision, and until the hurry-scurrying of horses and coaches driving up for the now departing bridal j* guests, compelled her lo abandon her position. Then the hareskin woman set off ab a nimble pace to a public house where she had previously noticed that the coach man and other retainers of the company were solacing themselves at the bride groom's expense. ? In this place of resort Fanilda inquired all the particulara of this grand weddiug that she could by any ingenuity extract, and finally, when tho nvjnifcy of the ?weddiBg guests had all stre aned away in their vehicles home, she thought proper to return to Villa Albano. , . The late Mrs. Snodgrass's domestic . '. establishment, delivered of all control, were How in the midst of a festivity of their own, quite as sinoere and exhilarating, to say the least of-ifc, as the more decorous and stately one it succeeded. .. - . ~ Orlando's slighted admirer, the lovelorn -' . , Polly, being obliged to attend to her \- mistress on her wedding trip to Paris, the \- , presence of Sarah Hopkins, and the foot man's enamoured attentions to her, were no drawbacks on the general erjjojment, while it heightened that gentleman's in an extra ordinary degree. Mary Maunders herself, after plighting her troth solemnly to the departing Polly that sbe would not, con Ben ted to receive Sarah Hopkins, and even to invite her to join the party with her own lips. ' It would be much worse if he has her in his own pantry, as he threatens, for I know what wretches men are, besides making divisions ia what ought to be one happy united family on this occasion, if we never are no more,' reasonei the cook to the housemaid, who laughed till her fat Bides shook again, and most heartily responded in the affirmative. The coachman's half-starved wifa was also favoured with an invitation, which she joyfully accepted; and it wus a drawn battle between her and the page which could eat the most. Of course, without any regular declaration of war. A young butcher, for whom the housemaid gathered a favour of her mistress's choicest flowers, beginning the moment the last carriageful of guests drove off; and a stern old green grocer of the neighborhood, on whom Mary Maunders, notwithstanding her aversion to the male sex, was believed to be turning sheep's eyes were of the company. It was an exceedingly gay party. Orlando, trusted with the keys of his lady's cellars, spared no expense in the diffusion of the cheerful treasures thus placed at his command. Champagne wap -'' - the only drink in the kitchen as it had been in the drawing-room, with the modest exception of the coachman who made it a point of honor to empty all the decanters of whatever sort of drink that he could lay his hands on. In the midst of this uproar of jollity, a shrill cry was suddenly heard, and a gipsy ? like -woman, protruding a string of hare skins as an avant-coiirier, made her appear ance at the area window, uttering in a ? _?- singing tone the plaintively melodious ? i * , - ' demand of her trade, ' Any hareskina to !' . Belli' ? ' f . A tremendous peal of laughter, and a general waving of glasses in merry dismissal responded. \- , ' Have your fortunes told then, my '-. . . sweet ladies and gentlemen? I'm the famous Norwood gipsy that told the allied -' ; % ' ? sovereigns all their fortunes when they \ ? wore over hore after the war, and predicted the Lord Mayor's son should be born with a silver spoon ia his mouth too big to be got out of it till he wns twenty-one years' ? old.' This speed), uttered with a suitable leer, '? . , ; was rroeived with a now peal of joviality. ' Oh, yea, come in, lot's havo our for . , tunps told. Let tho gipsy toll ua our „,. . ; fortunos. I know what \ wish nriuo was,' ' exclaimed Orlando, pointing his moral, and genteelly expressing the warmth ' of his passion by treading on Sarah Hopkins's toes under the table. The page ran up the area steps to admit the gipsy, and perhaps even found time to give her a roguish hint or so before be allowed her to descend. 'Here, my good woman, tell me my fortune first,' said Mary Maunders, adding, with a dismal sigh, ' but heaven knows I know it bad enough myself already, and as long as men are men, them as trusts in them will rulo the day.' 'Cross niy hand if you please,' said Fanilda; 'ic isn't for the sake of the money, but there's- no Iuok without it.' The cook readily complied. She even gave the spae-wife a crooked sixpence which she had hitherto kept inviolably in her pocket as a talisman of good fortune. 'What green lines there are in your hand, cook. It is a certain sign you will some day be in that line yourself. Is there any greengrocer you know of that is a widower with five children ? Far if you don't like children, beware of him. You'll have a fine family of your own besides, and five's too many to begin with.' There was a general laugh ; only the greengrocer looked more serious than ever. The custom of Yilla Albano was dear to him, and he apparently enco'uraged Mary Maunder's hopes, but, it is to be feared, with little more sincerity than her first love. Mary Maunders did her best to blush, sidling a glance at the greengrocer ; but he was looking too intently down bis nose to know whether she succeeded in the effort. '? And now tell ma, shall I ever retain the summit of my wishes and marry a lady wot I've set my 'art of 'art's ou ?'' said Orlando, with fond enthusiasm, and gazing at Sarah Hopkins, who tossed her bead disdainfully. „ ' You'll do bettor than that, young man,' said the sly gipsy, observing' this gesture and the conceited manner of the lackey ; ' if you only bold up your head high enough, and have perseverance enough to wait till your time comes, you'll live to marry a graud lady that'll be your mistress, and that'll make a fine gentle man of you as long as you live afterwards, iu her own right — perhaps make you a peer of the realm, if money can buy it.' *- What yoii say right, missti3, is quite correct,' said Orlando, upon whom never theless the words made a considerable im pression. ' My, we shall have Mr. Hollando turn ing up his nose worse than ever,' ex claimed the cook. ?' Then it will stnnd upright, like a fire escape,' said Sarah Hopkins, laughing heartily. Orlando was nettled ut this reflection on his personal characteristics, and the cir cumstance, combined with the sumptuous prophecy regarding his future' prospects, was the cause why he did not; that evening propose in form to Sarah Hopkins. Sarah hud expocted and intended to reject it, but retired from the party very much offended that the offer was not made. Tbo fortune-teller somewhat comforted Sarah in turn by saying .she should some day marry a monstrously rich Jew. Who ever Was displeased in particular, she managed to work herself into the general favor,'' nnd nftor piirtaking of liberal re freshment and receiving tho general per mission to return at some future period she reluctantly retired. Sir Richard and his bride returned from Paris at the end of their honeymoon, and to Blackader's infinite satisfaction the former seemed to be more in love with his bargain than even before he had com pletely, as he imagined, made it his own. The new Lady Graham it was clear — and Blackader was rejoiced to see it — was determined to obtain a complete ascendancy over her lord. He thought she would wield it to his purposes as well as to her own. Sir Richard would have mad6 a longer holiday of it in Paris, insensible to the dismal associations which that gay city ought to have had for himself personally, had he not been recalled by his wife's advice and his own earnest wish to pene trate the mystery of his alleged grandson's existence. Moreover, immediately after the an nouncement of Sir Richard's marriage Walter Graham's solicitors served notices on the tenants of the Berkshire property, that on a day which was specified they were to cease paying their rents to the steward or agents of Sir Richard. On that day, it was announced, the only son and heir of Captain Frederick Graham's entail would come of age and take possession of the property. Tt was not Walter's desire to inconveni ence or annoy his father, even on an oc casion so well calculated to set the seal on their long alienation. But he had already delayed almost to the latest period, when the statute of limitations would arise to bar his nephew's claims to his inheritance, to produce them in legal form. Yet it must be allowed that both he and his wife were extremely irritated at the old man's folly, and the almost certainty of seeing the rest of bis property pass into the hands of strangers. A rejoinder was, of course, put in indue form on Sir Richard's part, when Walter offered to submit the claims and proofs of his nephew to the analysis and judgment of bis father's own lawyers. He only re fused in the most positive manner to give any inklings as to the young heir's per sonality or place of residence until he had fully attained his majority. As Sir Richard had now pretty well flattered himself, with his wife's and Blackader's assistance, into the notion that the whole was a conspiracy devised upon his wealth, which it only needed trained sagacity to unravel, he readily consented to this request. But the result was that his own legal advisers were thoroughly convinced of the birth and legitimacy of an heir to the late Captain Frederick Graham. What had become of tbis heir — whether he was really alive or dead, whether a fraudulent substitute in tho latter case had been provided or not, of course the gentle man in the robe could not determine. They hinted they thought the latter alter native extremely probable It certainly presented the best foundation for a good long- litigation. Sir Richard's efforts were now a!l directed towards endeavoring to ascertain the facts of the case in this point of view. And his motives were quickened into the most restless aotivity by the hopes which he was speedily flowed to entertain of becoming ngain a father. Blackader, whoso anxiety was little less tb.au liis patron's, worked assiduously at the solution of the same problem. Ha , 1 had actually, at last, the mingled mean- I ness and audacity to bribe the postman of | the district in which Walter Graham re- \ sided to bring him an exact account of the j postmarks on all the letters received by \ that gentleman at his private residence. 1 Whenever there seemed any likelihood \ of the heir's being secluded in any of the I country places thus indicated a trusty mes- \ senger, or Blackader himself, was sent | down to it to make inquiries, \ As his infirmities increased, Matthew Price now very rarely wrote to the guardian | of his adopted son. Frederick was, of I cours- , unacquainted with his address, and I had never communicated with his as such unknown uncle by letter at all. But one morning, according to report, a communication arrived by post at Mr. Graham's, from a village called Brook in Kent. It was written in an illiterate and seemingly agitated hand. The postman heard, on going bis rounds a few hours after, that immediately on receipt of this letter Mr. Graham had started' for the country. It evidently brought some bad intelligence, in the housemaid's opinion, who delivered it to h- r master, and ob served his signs on reading it. These tidings awakened Blackader's bus- I picions ; especially as he was certain only I very pressing business could induce Mr. | Graham to leave town at that juncture. I He was to have presided on that very day I at an important meeting of the shareholders 1 of his bank in the city. I Blackader had odd ways of picking up I all manner of stray information. He was f like one of those careful housewives who, I as they say, not knowing what they may i come to wan% pick up every shred and I scrap in their path. Ha knew that Lady E Graham's footman came from Brook, in I Kent;, and he questioned him on the subjec*. [ Orlando, judiciously pub on the track by I Mr. B'ackader, speedily remembered there was a youth in the village, long supposed I to be a foundling, brougbt up by the generosity of the old landlord of the I Warden's Arms. Then he recollected that I the lad was called doubtfully, for whab I re8son he knew not, both Graham and j Pi-ice. He had always, he said, thought the mother's name must have been Graham. j Then again the village tradition suddenly j crossed his recollection, that two young I officers were present at the funeral of the boy's mother, who had died suddenly in the village on a journey, one of whom waa stated to be his father, lawfully or otherwise the deponent knew not ; never having sufficient curiosity on the subject, it ap peared, to inquire. But this was enough ; and as rapidly as possible, after digesting tbesa beads of information into some congruity, Sir Richard Graham, Mr. Blackader, a solicitor and Orlando, entered a post-chaise, and set off at the utmost speed of four horses into Kent. {To be continued ) 