'CIWE THE DEVIL HIS DUE.' Thb proceedings in tbe' Supreme Goort on the opening of |i» Term 4ast Mon day week vere, in'a tnlftiier of speaking, unique. They constitnted a sort of farewell £nale to the judicial personality of Sir William Wihdeybb ; the occa sion being availed of by the Full Conrt to throw the merdfnl mantle of com miseration rand condonation' oyer the career and ohiuacter cf one of the most aasteifjid'aiul mercileM meh who haVe ?rer sat npon die Australian Bench, or that of aoy «ther country. Then was something at- once magaanimoos and pathetic in ithe graceful and generous refere&ces; to ' ex-Judge Wikdiybb's undonbtod abilitj and .indefatigable industry made by the Ohiisf Justice, Sir Fbidcbick Dablxt, and by his three colleagues, Mr, Justice Stbfhxs and Mr. Justice Sikfsok, and Mr. Justice Ooebh, Vnisnn's successor. They all Bpoke either as old schoolmates or professional colleagues ef the subject of tluir ealogies, and no reference to the pragmatical perrerseness and the bigoted blundering of. the retired Judge was allowed . to , obtrude. Perhaps this, ret&snce; concerning the moat striking idioayncraeies and failings in the character and temper of the late Judge was the best way of dispoiinjg of a. dis- agreeable sabject. ' tChfc public, h6'weTer, ai« not4eceiTed bj the praises larished by the Ghief , Jjistiee; and his brother Judges upon a former colleague, to whom, so far as the public is conoerned, cor8eo haTe been i9ore,_fanulijir than benedictions. It is ayiiotonondy open Beeret/t}iat the faults and failingsiof Sir William Wikdiytbe, his orerbearing bumptiousness, bordering on personal insolence, rendered his presence on the Bench a perpetual and perennial source of worry and annoyance to the other Judges ; while his brutally browbeating demeanor towards counsel, juiy, suitor, and witneai, made him .the ogre of the Superior Coiirts. There is no doubt that the Bench is glad to be rid of this bete noire, Iron as the public are .pleased and plaieated by the assurance that their liVes, liberty, and , property will no more be placed at the mercy t-f the prejudiced fTifl -j w»j--mi^atiag p)»rsonality of this psH^on-o'f judiiaal^BaTigery. None who ; Jtnpw^ilim irill deny the justness : of the tribntes paid to Sir Wm. W itr&xrJtkV; ^uril&t;^ted .ability i but the very fact that aOudge so ablesnonld have been feo: :ttnjnst, constitutes the ^strongest-possible '^condemnation of the most v memorable acts of Judge Wik deyxb's official life, No compliments, no matter ;how high and pure the source from which ihey oome, can coier np, or cause to be condoned, some of the most notorious of his judieial doings — which oiire heen desoribed as ' judidal out rages against Justice - done in the name of Law.'. 'Like -Babquo's ghost, ? tho *« Wrmthof WiHDKYXB ' will not downj^ it be forgotten ; it still broods like afcidepnsaptetro in the hearts and wi.d. ,( xaen and women. The pnblic ^awfirtfc ioiget the Mount Eennie, the: StnrFiXLD, the SotIbb, and the Dsas trials, and a 'full half soora of similar cues ; ior'the fact that then are now IrayiiAisg ia the TanOUS gaols of ^hu cotony poor prisoners who, but for Wih snis, would never have been there ; at who, bat for WiHO*r«K, would have been at liberty years ^o. Some of thsts are fauiooent of the crimes for mWh Aej offer , others hare alrwdr a^tkaa ! went out of his way to convict these innocents ; even as he strained the law to punish the guilty. These things were not done in secret, or in the dark ; but in the high place of Justice, and iu the broad light of day. Therefore, they cannot, and must not, be forgotten, Thank God I they are not, and will not, be forgotten, until the last victim of this merciless man masquerading in the ermined garb of Justice, has been redeemed from his living tomb, and given back to light and liberty. While, in accordance with the hoary headed maxim which inculcates giving even the Devil himself his due, it has to be recognised that Wihdeyee was, and is, a most learned lawyer, able Judge, and masterful man ; it has also to be borne in mind that it was the misap plication and abuse of these very quali ties that made Winds vxk what he was j —a callous man and merciless adminis trator of the law. Of him and his doings the public know much, but they do not know alL For instance, it is only known to a few that he himself, Wikdever, was sometimes ashamed of his own doings, and unwilling that all bis ex traordinary conduct and utterances should come to the knowledge of the general pnblic. When Wikdeyer winced at his own wantonness, it may be taken for granted thatthere was some thing very bad indeed to warrant the wincing. After his terrible summing up and judgment in the erer-infainons Mount Rennie trial, he had (probably for the first and last time during his judicial career) some slight twinges of conscience concerning his charge to the jury* In his summing*ap he had the J cpld-blooded audacity and judicial turpitude to charge the jury, on the . question of the validity or reliability of ah alibi to the following effect: — ' The jury could judge of the strength or weakness of an alibi pro duced on behalf of any one of the ' accused by the strength or weakness of the alibi produced ou behalf of any of the other accosSd.' This astounding dictum was delivered in the hearing of a crowded Court, and can be, and in deed is, vouched for by more than one barrister who heard it. Yet this particular part of Judge Windeveb's charge to the jury in that awful travesty of justice, did not appear in the almost verbatim reports published in the metropolitan . newspapers en the follow ing Monday morning. Why ? Because Judge WrNDEYER himself prevented its publication. . How ? His charge to the jury was delivered on the Saturday :.and on t}ie afternoon or evening of the next day, Snnday, Judge Windeyer went to the ofi?ce of the ' Sydney Morning Herald,' where, to the everlasting dis grace of Australian journalism, he was provided with proofs of his charge to the juiy and allowed to correct, revise and emasculate the veracious and almost verbatim report of the conscientious ' Herald ' reporter. Then it was that Judge Wibbkyee toned down some of the more savage parte of the charge in which he sought to induce a jury to send at least half a. score of youths to the. gallows for alleged participation in a disgusting outrage on a foul and filthy Jilli de joie ! Thus it came about that that monstrous direc tion to the jury concerning the test of the validity of an alibi did not appear : Judge Wiitdeyeb struck it out. Had it been published it is doubtful whether one -of .the Mount .Ronnie boys would have been hanged, such would have been the outery which such a deliverance would have caused, and beiside which the recent Deah agitation, or rather anti-WiHDETZB demonstration, would have been a mere circumstance. Aa it was Judge Windeybk did, by means of browbeating and bullying, succeed in getting the juiy to capitally eonvict nine ont of the dozen yoatbs, all of whom he promptly sentenced to death. Fortu nately, in spite of sill his influence and hematomanical pertinacity, the Executive would only consent to hang four of his victims, five others .having the death penalty commuted to cenal servitude for life. : Since the removal of Windetkb s baleful personality ' and pernicious influence from the Bench, the Executive j have had no .difficulty in deciding that j itu due to an outraged public opinion anil .to the vindication of the humanity, i as well as the majesty, . of the law, that j these five Windeyered wretches — one of j whom has .become a hopeless lunatic— j after an incarceration of ten long, dreary, weary yean, should be brought forth from their dreadful dungeons and given back to relatives, friends, home ahd society. This is some reparation for the woeful wrong done by Win deyxb to those unhappy young men. But, alas, nothing can be done to right the wrong done to the innocent youths strangled to death by the will of Win deyeb on Darlinghorst's gloomy gal lows 1 In compliance with the injunction -to give ' the1 Devil- his due, it .has to be j further observed 'that,- in spite of W in- deybr'c ;dictum concerning the strength or weakness of an - alibi, it has - long been Jmown'that the -alibi produced by one of the four judicially- murdered youths was genuine, so that even if -all the-other a£tk'£ produced at the trial wen fa!™ one, at least, was indubitably true, notwithstanding Windkybb'b damnable dictum to the , contrary. But though his dead victims cannot be restored, the living can be rescued from their worse tian . Egyptian bondage. Thomas Scffield still survives, and calls from the depths of his - prison cell upon Society to save him from his living grave, and' to lift him out of the black Windeyer shadow in whioh he has lain so long. But iheie are others besides Scffield who, from behind their- prison -bars, .plead for relief from the Wibdkyer curse. Some of them axe probably innocent ; most, ^if not-, all-: of them, have undoubtedly been unduly punished. If it be right and fair -. to give the Devil his due, how much more bo mustitbeto give his unhappydupes or victims their meed of simple justice ? This ehould be done, not grudgingly and after a pieoe-meal fashion, but in a spontaneous and ample^-a full and free— manner. It can only be done con adentioosly by being done compre fc«nfif-]r. What is w^rt^iaBot hole a. 3^ 1 t f and-corncr inquiries into isolated instances of Wisdeyeb's judicial .mal administration, bat an exhaustive and complete investigation by Royal Com mission into the justice or otherwise of every sentence, capital and minor, pro nounced by J udge Wisde ybb during the last fifteen years of his occupancy of the Bench. The objects of snch an inquiry would be three : (1.) To vindicate, if need be, the memory of the innocent dead. (2.) To release from bondage prisoners wrongfully convicted or unduly punished, and to mitigate some of the severer sentences inflicted on the guilty. (3.) To decide, according to the results of such inqairy, whether or not Judge Windeyer shall be allowed to draw his pension, which— like the judicial office itself — can only be enjoyed on proof of ' good behaviour.' In this way '-the Devil, so to speak, would be getting his due. It is the only way in which he can get it in full measure running over ; as most assuredly it is the only way in which the public will be satisfied that, now Wixdeyer is off the Bench, the wrongs and injustices he inflicted while on it have been rectified and righted. 