JOURNALISM IN SIXTIES. THE In an article on *' London Pen and Gown in the Sixties and rince," contributed to the "Fortnightly Review," Mr. T. H. S. Escott refers to the "Tomahawk." "Mr. Arthur a Beckett's inventive niiiid," lio fays, " found fresh scope for employment in launching an entirely new literary enterprise, the "Tomahawk." Just now this journal deservee special mention, because, in a decree nob Becond to the " Owl,' it foresliuaowed a species of newspaper which of late yea re has been cultivated with marked success among us. Eliminate the purely acsthetie element, then a thing undreamed of, from Mr. Harry Furniss'a newest venture, and a fair idea may bo formed to-day of what the " Tomahawk " was. The sensation produced by it during its brief career was due tnsinly or exclusively to the continued laboursof Mr. a Beckett with hie pen, and of the late marvellously clcver draughtsman, Matt Morgan, with his pencil. The initial issue took place shortly after the miscarriage of the Mexican expedition, dealing, as it did, a fatal blow to the prestige of the second French Empire. ' Thou can6t not say I did it,' was tho legend under the cartoon in tbe firsb number—the picture representing the ghost of the murdered Maximilian; tbe worde proceeding from the lips of the horrorstricken Napoleon the Little. Nor was the leading illustration in the second instalment of this print lees powerful, tha subject being the return from the Derby, in a coach which was driven by Apollyon. The premature end of the Marejuis of Hastings lent just then a special significance to tho artist's work, and the few pungent lines of Arthur k Beckett's letterpress accompanying it. Associated w ith Arthur a Beckett in tha "Tomahawk" waa the late Frank Marshall, w ho seemed to have educated himself on the dramatists of tlio Restoration, with literary results sometimes impressive, ah others purely dioll. Thestaff also included the present member for King's Lynn, Mr. T. G. Bowles, who subsequently in his own " Vanity Fair" developed some of the ideas in which the "Tomahawk"abounded ; Captain Alfred Thompson, ex-dragoon and artist, who some years afterwards in tho " Mask " anticipated unconsciously much of_the peculiar kind of litemry orartiKtio wit and humour presented to the public uow. This literary child of the " Tomahawk," as the " Mask " was, signalised for the first time the pervading popularity nf the tliestre, and, outside tbe journals of the ' profes.-»i>N>,' was the earliest print tlinb made it a point to encourage and to supply the histrionic appetite of the general public. What were then the distinctive features of Alfred Thompson's journal are to-day recognised as indipensable in all newspaper candidates for popular favour. Tudpe : Your age » Miss Elder: Thirty- ? w ?:..J udjie (t0 e «rctary): Put down born in lf>o_. v daughter can never be yours.* u "lie Bright: Of course not; I want her to be my wife. 