The Sport of Shooting; OB, THE GLORIOUS GUN AND THE PERILOUS PAKSON. Chapter VL "Oh for tbe bliss of my sweet childhood's days, When innocent I roamed the forest through, Nor yet bad entered on deceitful ways, When thoughts aud words aud ads alike were true 1 " But now alas 1 in speech attuned to guile A most mendacious tongue I falsely wag, Fearing my sin may find me out, the while, And the dread cat be let from out the bag. — jinon. I believe as I write now that even the shooting of Pegrutn did not afiect me with such dismay as the destruction of that yellow cat. I gazed at the corpse in dismay, while the atrocious hound, Don, mouthed it over with bestial pleasure, and, so far as I Could judge from the self-salis&ed; wag of his tail and his generally exuberant de meanour, tonk no small credit to Him self for having brought about the catastrophe. The cat was sleek and well fed ; no doubt it was someone's pet; it had been basking out among the turnips in the heat of the day — or stay, these remains of a dead rabbit seem to show that it had been engaged like myself in the pursuit of game. One thing is certain — I must away, and that speedily. Ho one has seen me, or even knows that I have been in this field. I will fly. This is no sooner said than done ; I do not stay even to reload my gun. but hastily driving my vile and malignant dog from his prey, I hurry off at best speed, and he accompanies me — at least I imagine he does. I have now put a good half mile between myself and the fatal spot, and being quite out of breath, I pause And look around. Where is Don I He is nowhere in sight, and I whistle and call for him loudly a long time without avail. At last there comes a scrambling through the big hedge near to where I am standing ; he is here, but a death- like tremor seizes me when I perceive that he is bearing in his mouth the cat. my victim, the token of my guilt 1 Grave ly he deposits it at iny feet, aud looks up at me as if demanding approbation. In good truth the dog is becoming loathly in my eyes, and my words to him are such as are but ill suited to my sacred calling. The cat, bedrabbled now with mud and wet, mingled with gore, lie at my feet stark and stiff, glaring borriulv from its widely-opened eyes. It is like a fearful nightmare, or some out rageous ghost story, aud in the panic of the nioioent the thought strikes nie that 1 aui to be pursued by the body of this cat for ever. Who," I ex claim, in my agony of soul, « who shall deliver me from the body of this cat l'1 Soon, however, calmer reasoning prevails, and I set about devising some means for effectually disposing of the creature. Necessity is the mother of invention, and seeing that the soil where I am standing is wry light and Bandy, I addrese myself to the t<sk of digging a grave in it, partly by scrap ing wi(h my hands, partly by digging with a fiat stone, looking ever aud anon this way and that to see if ant- one is coming, feeling myself to be at laBt indeed a criminal. Don, notwith standing he had aided aud abetted me iu the slaughter, looked complacently on as I dug, nor did the guilt of blood ! seem to weigh at all upon his con science. "Oh," thought I, "if any of my parishioners could see me — Joseph Blapkius, the vicar — burying a cat that he has foully slain 1 It is true I thought tbe beast vie a hare or a rabbit, but who would believe that 1 And who would believe that the base and deceitful hound misled me by pointing out the victim as he did 1 They would say, ' He is a pointer of game, not of cats,' and I should appear to them not only as one who sins, but as one who lies in order to cloak his sin !" Reflections such ss this course one after the other through iny perturbed brain, but meanwhile my task is pro gressing, and having made an excava tion to the depth of about a foot, 1 push the body in, though icy thrills of horror seem to strike to my very vitals, and then in desperate hurry cover up the dead with earth, finally stamping in very frenzy on the grave, so as to make it firm and seuirt.. Then again do I turn and fly, this time taking care not to lose sight of Don. On arriving at my home I found my new gun had arrived from Mr. Pope, of Newcastle, and this for a while diverted my mind. I consigned Don to Pegt uni, who chained him up in the place ap- pointed for his abode, and then I j priceeded to examine my new purchase, j It seemed, indeed, an admirable piece J of workmanship, and my wife and I thought we should never tire of looking through the gleaming barrels and ad miring the delicate tracery that orna mented the locks. The great difficulty was how to put it together — our effirts in this line being singularly ineffectual . — while Don, who bad concluded to firmly protest agaiust being chained up, howled so loudly the while and so persistently that reasonable discussion was impossible. Tbe outcries of the dog becoming absolutely unbearable at last, I wan fain to go and release him - then, seeing that he evinced no inclina tion to run away, I returned to find that my wife — clever as usual — had mastered the mystery of tbe fowling- piece, and was in the very act of fitting it together. How admirable it was when the operation was complete ! How different from Batty's cumbrous weapon, on which I now looked with contempt 1 How carefully I must kee.p it, with a most strict observance of all directions for cleaning the beautiful barrels ! Then there were tbe cartridges — some of them loaded ready, some merely cases, with respect to which instruc tions were not wanting. The machine for filling and turning down these cartridges was also forthcoming, and in my childish delight at my acquisitions I was about to screw it on to the new table in our morning room so as to make trial of it at once. To this, bow- ever, my wife decidedly demurred. This, notwithstanding, we spent fully an hour in talking over and examining the gun and its parapher nalia, so that the supper hour bad passed hy some time. My wife noticed this first. "Why, Joseph," cried she, "you must be famished after all the exercise you have taken ui-day 1 Come along to slipper. Fortunately everything is cold, as I let the servants go out to night, and told them to put the things on the table before they went." " Well, my dear," replied I, " L mud confess, now my attentioo is called to it, I am somewhat hungry." " I'm sure you must be ; there's some beautiful cold lamb and a duck — and gooseberry fool, I know you like that." I had no time to reply for we bad now entered the dining-room, where we made no doubt we should find our evening meal. There was the table ready — the plates knives, forks, and other accoutrements of the civilised eater, but where was the food 1 " Those stupid servants !" angi ily exclaimed my wife. " I told them as plain as X could speak to bring the I things in." But I was looking with an ominous feeling of dread upon certain brown marks which defiled tbe otherwise spotless tablecloth ; then I cried an exceeding bitter cry, " My darling, the food ha» been brought in ; see, there a re the dialies or which it hfl Atood but — but it has been taken away "Taken away I What do you mean, Joseph ?" My heart was too full to speak, but I drew her nearer to the table, and pointed out one of the brown marks. It was the distinct imprint of the foot or paw of a dog. Not Robinson Crusoe on first finding the trace of Friday's foot upon the sand could have been more astounded than was she ; but her astonishment soon gave way to exasperation. " Joseph, do you mean to say that Dun lias dared — after taking all the beautiful bread and milk I gave him — ' to come here and steal a leg of lamb and a duck ?" " I fear, my darling, it must be so." " Must be so ; and pray what do you intend to do 1 Do you intend to i calmly bear it?' " Well, dear, I don't see very well what I can do." " Don't tell me 1 There, I declare if be hasn't licked up all the goose berry fool a9 well 1 One might almost have thought the dish was clean. Joseph, I insist on your whipping that dog in such a manner that he will never forget it." " Very well, dear, I will go and get my new dog whip." I had not long to search when I sallied forth in quest of tbe thief. He was among the shrubs at tbe bottom of the iawn, and having eaten as much of his spoils as he was able, be was busily employed in burying the remainder. " D»n," said I, in leproachful tones, " Don." He gave a sullen glanoe at me, but did not quit his position. " Oh, you bad dog !" I continued, as I advanced to him, holding the whip menacingly aloft. Judge of my sur prise when, instead of sbowirg con trition and sliame, he gave vent to a savage growl, and baring what re mained to him of teeth, evidently defied me. I paused irresolute. Tbe hardeued villainy of tbe dog fairly took tbe breath out of me, and as I paused his aspect waxed more and more fero cious, till he seemed to me as it were a grinning, swearing demon. He was evidently about to spring on me, and I turned and executed a strategic move ment to the rear. (To be continued.) 