C O BRES P O N DIB Jt CB, "REMEMBER TOE PAST. BEWAKE OF THE FUTURE." <To Tile Editor). Sir,-Out experience in the past has taught os bow to keep dear, and avoid many a blunder as ire walk our dally paths o£ iife. Experience of the, past lias taught us politically, whether the man with etera look fcdl of determin ation and dignity, that stands on bis own footing on an independent plat Conn, to should support; or the indo cile blatherskifcer thai nave lite flaps of Socialism and Democracy, .which has proved so far impracticable and disastrous to all that -were bo enticed to ewa31ow their 'doctrine. The history of Paraguay ought to be sufficient .warning for all; to keep dear and abstain the tales of such exorbitant Jack-a-dandye. Those, when on a fair trial or their ability to govern a colony, have proved a most deplorable failure. And now is -the time tor us to remem ber what sort of a doing our jjoor fel low creatures received under then) when in authority. This should be a dear proof for all ; if they could not paddle a small "canoe" without strik ing the rocks of insolvency, poverty and dismay, what can we expect if ever they giet the authority to navi gate Queensland ? Nothing less than a national calamity. Very likely we ?Bill not toe able to own a "piano" and a *fcteam hammer." A Socialist poet composed these sublime lines, jand wrote them on a. birthday card' for I Mr. Lane "Oh ! we bought a nice piano In the early month of June ; Also eueli a eplendid hammer, To keep everything in tune. But the "Devil" took the "Piano,* When the .'Bocial IAme" was in his bed, And his angels took the hammer And knocked Social in the head." And when not able to conduct and manage even the treasury of a "race meeting" it is not very feasible that they should not have the honor again to represent as in Parliament. 1 cause, their "doctrine" does not suit".*, their ability is not np to liie sbtodaCe' principle and religion they have no^ ' What do they -care about the Towtvj once they are returned ? Tfaey liL... no stake on the field. BJtr. Daw^e has no property whatever, and li"nt "Jock," he has promised to sell £l" cheap of he be returned ; " Jat , is going to reside in the capital! believe that should be sufficient on t! eide of the question. On the otfc^ hand "we have Mr. Sayers. a prof man, one who has fulfilled all his pro. ises during bis time in 3?ariiam4 one who has the manliness to say 1 when inquired, and the decency] say Yes when he does approve. Ha one that can not be lead by promiff nor driven under threats.. He i&ul; man that has worked shoulder to si* der with as in the opening ofl d Held, and has always proved himsed man. In fact, the Miners Union ita can not find but one tfsmlt in " <1 Bob." And, I believe it is a sin 1 ainst the Holy Ghost, which, accord! to the Seriptnre, will never be forgivd Now, I will tell you what that sin s because you could not guess it in month. "Our Bob" did not attend^ meeting sympathising with the,sheeat ens on the celebrated mullock heap! Quecnton, on a Sunday afteruof And that is all they say they haf against Sir. Saycrs. Only one "sin J. Ves, one ein. If that is the rule aboLl that a man shall be kept out of P.ir!^ dise for "one sin," Old Beelzebub -ws be calling tenders through the "XoJj them Miner" for the extension <v» "Gehenna." because tliey do leave (beSp ?with more than one sin ; therefor,, they must get room somewhere. Brerfj. sensible man gives Air. Saj-eiK credL for tils courage, lie could not act flit "Jodas," to go these when lie did no,, believe in tlieir cause. We most adj mit Sir. flyers stood in iiis own lislii at that time. Wliy did be not tee ill bis heart for the poor shearers, and go round -with the old sonjr. TliC smallest donation will be thantefullj, received?** M lie Jiad done that, iu; might bare been able to open a. uict business somejrhere in Gill Street. OrJ lie might have been able to buy o "new wateli" and "Tailor-made suit.* Tlien Bob wonl<I,J»e like other iieople^ Here lie Is ta-day, offering himself t<c Represent us in Parliament, and iej the world see that we do appreciate ai; honest and etraightformard man on th{ Towers, and that we do detest socli i, lot of "Political Lurchers" as we cat see on Hie Dowers ^ixlay. Let ti-r look-at: the matter in the lij^it of ou^ intellect, then ire -will be able to Troth anft vote for Mr. 6ar«s, and we wilt never tews a cause to "be sorry-Youre? 