r Primitive' ffilethodfsfc ConforoSe. \ " l PUULIO MEKIMCIS. \ Dv Friday most of tlio \dologotos had . arrived and, in nnlto of tlio ba\l»tatoof tlio <- woalbor, tho piftllo mootlngs vVoro onlorod upon with spirit. Tho CJbureh Land, and a nurabor of tho dologatoa and f rlanfti aaaomblod »i,n iw..nniaa. shortly nftor V o'oloolc, . . whoro tho- mooting was lad by tbp v. J. - Wolr. Aptooosalou waa tboa formed hoatlod \ by tlio band, whlob proboodod down Bourbon \ 1 street to the ohut'ob, In Walla rttaob Here a \ Hood congregation aAamblod to lletondo the V Oonforohoo horliion by tho roWting ProoVdont, \ I tlio llov Thoimia L'owoll. 'lho oponinjA o« V I ocoiBoa woro oonduotod by tbo ltov yVV,\ ' .T Faulkuor, after which Mr Powall discourtod upon Mary's notion iu anointing tbo loot . tho Savior— Mark, 14 chapter. A lull ronoli of this will appoar noxt uwuo. At tho olos\ of tho sonuon a largo company romalnod U\ tbo ordnnnco of tho Lord's Huppor, Tho\ bond and choir lod tho muaiool oxoroleoa. \ I n« Mfthiriiiiv mnrnincr tho business ot tho A Oonforonoo ooinmonood In tho Walla Btroot "A ohuroh at 0.80 o'olook. Tho retiring proa- \ donfc, llov. Thomas Powell, oooupiod tho -V« chair, and under tbo dlrootlou of tho Gonoral 1 Oommlttoo dologato, tbo Rev A. H, Btokoo, I noarly 40 dologatoa wore rooolvod and tho I Oonforouoo constituted, ThoTlov W. Smith .1 waa unanimously olootod proflidont for tho . oueoing yoar, and Mr John Follding vloo- prcsldont. Tho retiring prosiaont nddreBBod tho Conforonoo brloily, nftor whloh tho following ollloors woro olootod j — aoorotary, Roy id. T. Lloyd j nasiotout-soorotary, Kov. 8 Larkln ; shoot Roorotorloa, Roy J, Prowao and Mr It. Brondfooti lottor writora, Koys. R. Nowoll nnd A. E. Fox; reportor to tho praBB, Roy W. Faulhnor, with Rov, J. A, Taylor naslatout; rondor, Roy J. A. Taylor ; oua- I a-.ii... .< "M"r T fp T.UHnlnn iuu1uu ui kvuuno, ' registrar of lottors. Rov 0. Wosloy » tlmo keeper, Mr W. Potter j oonforonoo moeaongor, Mr J, Kingston ; doorkeopor, Mr- W. Lowia, After roooiving tho monlos for tho various , oonforonoo funds, tbo station reports woro \ , oarofully doolt with. At ono o'olook tho ' dologatos woro luaohod by tho ladlos ot tho V oongrogatlou at tho parsonage/ alnongat « others prcaont boiug Captain Hill of tho I- J Salvation Army and Mr W. GK Marsh, - I. I Bonior-Btoward of tho Wosloyan Churoh. V' 1 I Apologies woro rooolvod from sovoral .Minis- s. i I tors and layraon who woro oithor out of town Jr j or unahlo to attond. Whon amplo justico a'. . had boon dono to tho viands, tho President, h - ' Mr Smith, oxtondod a hearty woloomo to tho ' guests, all of whom briefly roturnod thanks. v, --j 1 On rosuming businosa after tho adjourn- j ' moat for lunoh, tho Oonforonoo resolvoa itself | 1 Into a committee of tho wholo to doal with i I tho " Chapel SohoduloB." Thoao woro caro- I fully oxamlnod and oritloally discussed, and I roootnmondations wero mado for doaling with | Bomo oaso of proporty dilfloulty, Tho , Oonforonoo adjourned shortly aftor 3 p.m, this morning. , , In tho aitornoon a cunauy ooaooi guwiur- Ing had boon arranged. Tho very inclement woathor provontcd what would no doubt I I bavo boon a largo mooting, and only a small I company found tholr way to tho ohuroh, Tho _ J I Rov. W. Faulkner prosidod, and tho Rovs. S, I Larkln and E. T. Lloyd gavo appropriata and intoroBting addrossoa. On tho evening of tho samo day a tamper- anco domonetration was hold in Bourbon- etreot, which was ioinod in by tho oflloora I I and members of tho Salvation Armyi tho | musical part of tho mooting boiug lod by tbo 1 combined band. A largo number of pooplo I "gathered round, aud pointed practical I addro9Bos wore givon on aliforont pbasos of tho drink qucation by several of tho dqlo- gatoB, and also by members of tho Solvation Array. Yostorday morning a vory fair congroga- tion Assembled in tho Walla- street Ohuroh to hoar O sermon uy vuo rrosiuoui. ui uw vuu- fcrcnoo, Rov W. Smith, of Ipswioh. Tho toxfc was solcoted from St John's Qospol i.— 20, 33, " Bohold tho Lamb of God, whloh takoth away tho sin of tho world Tho eamo is Ho which baptised with tho Holy Ghost." Tho proaohor said : " Man ' noodod tho Cross, but ho needed much znoro. For sin was not only guilt ; it was dopravity it waB dlsoaso ; it was loss of powor. Man ncodod a Regenerator, as woll as a Rodeomor. Thoro mast bo a bostowmont of Ufa as weU aa removal of Bin. It was to this twofold work of Christ that John tho Baptist Galled atten tion to in tbo text- Thoro was Christ's work for man as Atonor, and HiB work in man as ' tho Baptieor with a now spirit. Christ waa I the Lamb of God, tho realised ideal of God'fl I rodooming thought and purpoBO, tho gift and expression of His lovo. God eamo very oIobo to man's sin in this provided Lamb. Ho proaohor) did not liko tho phrase fl tho .Wrath of Gi\" Humaqa, and so toofc. its riso in It.e IVI'Larob was namj provided tho Lamb. TuSi »\boC I I -u'j I ihn in a eaorifiqip. v I away t1-o sin qf tho World. Chrisirtooa «.i burdot and auffored under it and fo- I it,. Christ as Atonor dealt with sin in its j osBonoOj for Ho took away not simply tho sins, bat the " sin" of tho world. Ho dealt in Hla lifo, but moro ospooiaUy in His doatb, with tho seorot root of ovil. Ho struok tho deadly. Upas troe in its vital part. . A troo that waa blasted in its root most eoonor or later wither in its branohes. The proaohor continued : Tho doctrine of vicarious atonement waa often assailed with objections, bat to It tho v sin-convinced eoul turned as to its only hopo. Ho hoped tho Primitive Mothodlste would noyor become so refined as to loavd the term " blood of Christ" oat of their theology. Thoy had tarried rather long at Calvory- They must pass on to Pontooost, for they wero vory olosely, related, Tbo Lamb of God was also tho Baptisor with tho Holy OhoBt- The.G.-gas opened up the, way -for 'a '\UOW"' spirit to come to humanity. Tho Atonement was the ground of tho now lifo of God in man. God oould not build ap tho now lifo on tho rotten foundations of tho old. Bin . must bo removed boforo man oould be fillod ' with God's Spirit. Tho olovon-touguos of flro must bo kindled at tho altar of saorifloo, Christ tho Atonor also baptiaod mon with tho V, Holy Spirit, Sin was a projection into tho world of man from tho lower sido of tho Spiritual univorso. and consequently no ' material foroo oould eject it. Only spirit oould oast out spirit, and tho Lamb ot Culvory possessed tho spiritual foroo for tho casting out of tho sin of man. Tho spirit of ovil was supplanted by tho spirit of good, tho spirit of weakness by tho spirit of strength, and tho spirit of darkness by tho spirit of light, Tho ministers and . lay prcaohors woro urged to koop up tho balaubo ' 1 of truth, and proclaim Christ not only or thf Lamb of Oalvory but hV tho cost. Tho preacher delivered amost/AT fl and oloquont discourse, which sooui '.i A unbrokon attention of all prosent fo - j '46 minutes. .V'j Yesterday, in addition to tho sorvk WaUa-streot ohuroh, whero tho Rov feA 'Smith proaohod in tho morning and tho dologatos oonduotod sorvioos in the Proflbyterfan aud Wosloyan Ohurohos and tho Salvation Army Barraoka. 