WHOSE HAND P OK, The Mystery of No Man's Heath. CHAPTER XVII. TIIE FLIGHT. Nancy had burst away from the Cap tain's side, nnd disappeared into the darkness. It was a blind and stupid flight ; for the girl in her (irst agony took no count of time or spacp, or the direction taken by ber flying feet. She was simply driven forward by the im pulse of her misery, like the white scud rrom a sudden, tempest-lifted wave — onward, forward, anywhere that the gust of her anger drove her. Across the white moonlight, and away over the black shadow, she hastened along, p inting ; and as she ran, the full, overwhelming meaning of the vague terror grew upon Iter. She had been suspected, accuscd, convicted, without her knowledge. Many hewildering emotions tore at her mind. Passion ! — Lot this one who had wronged her hear of her by and by, when she was found iu some lonely ditch — in some deep tarn — mangied, at the foot of some cliff— and then know how bitterly, how cruelly ?unjust was his doubt ! Then Bhame crept in to sting her at moments. That hateful ghost masquer ade I ihe very thought of it made her loathe herself. Then grief supervened. A.11 was lost, betrayed, dead to her, that she had clung to ! And then fear — haunting fear — forever baying at her . heels ! She must not be found — never, never ! — neither in the friendless night nor in the cruel detective day. She must hide out of his sight — out of the sight of the world. So her steps, swiftly beating through the meadow, Btartled the corn-crakes, and made the field-birds rise from tboir nests with sharp and shrilly cries. So, never once looking back, she hurried on, through brake and copse and field. ? All at once, however, having leaped from the summit of a high intervening bank, she found herself in the middle of ? a high- road. Tho discovery for a . moment amazed and paralysed bor. Like a bird, sightless with fear, that strikes its breast recklessly against tree or wall, and fallb, stunned, to the ? ground — so Nancy, who found herself far out in some pathless country, came ?to a sudden stop, and discovered that the olaim cf reason nnd -motive was broken ; she eou'd not understand who she was, nor from whom she was flying. She leaned her head back against the hedge, and looked, with wild, uplifted . eyes, up toward the heavens and the cold, white moon. As she stood there, ? two shadowy figures— men, walking! Bide by side — came past her resting- 1 place, and the words they spoke caught up the revealed threads of her mind and riveited them with a clasp of anguish. | 'There is no manner of doubt but that the girl did it,' said one of the men, speaking to his companion. 'She as much as confessed to ib at the inquest. ? But, for the present, the law cunnot stir in the matter until the chain of evidence i3 completed.' The moonlight fell full npon the figures as they turned the corner of the road ; they were police-officers. Nancy saw their helmets and thf-ir batons, and heard the measured, even tread of their drilled steps as they moved off into the distance. Then the girl came out, and stood for a moment irresolute, trembling like a shivering ghost-moth stretching its palo wings'for flight. 'They were speaking of me,' she ? said, talking to herself with a crazy haste. ' Everyone suspects me ; I shall ? be, .followed wherever I co 1 Is tiiere no place where I can hido?' And then, as if the higher ground promised more safely, she climbed the ditch, and ran on q-iickly. While tho light of the moon lasted, Nancy still sped on, in anxious flight, sometimes passing great pasture-lands, that, in the uncertain light, looked vast and measureless ; and again, halfwalk ' ing, 'half-running, she kept tho beaten path which skirted fields of young wheat and barley. When the greit darkness came, and she could not see an arm's-length in front of her, she lay down in a dry ditch, where1 some straw had . been thrown for cattle, but she could not sleep. How could she? -A poor, hunted creature, round whose life a chain was being drawn — an outcast, helpless aud forsaken — suspected of all, save God. And if suspicion alone were so awful, what must hp, the murderer, feel ? Why had she not held that man up to the shame of the world — he who deserved ib i How, being guilty, could he eat or drinK or smiie t j.nau terriuie smite j The very remembrance of it made her, even in the darkness, clench her hand ? and strike it against the c'ay bank be ? ' side her.' For this man and his sin, she, Nancy, might have to die ! 'I am only seventeen,' she sobbed. ' It is very young to die. jWhat am I to do?' she moaned piteously. 'No one to help — no ono to advise me. My ono friend gone from me.' So tho morning found her won and chill, with sturing eyes and crimped, pallid face, Sho rose up and took ono long look on the world around her. She stretched up her arms wearily, and grow instantly giddy and faint. She caught hold of a branch and steadied herself. An early fog was rising; a cloud was trailing over the side of the hill; and in the furrows of tho field lay thin, vapory wrenths of morning mist. * While that fog lasted sho could con tinue hpr flight with safety. Nancy, ? stiff and miserable, drew herself up to the edge of tho field, and perwived that ? a narrow lane was on the other side of the hedge. She climbed a fencp, and, crossing the lane, mounted the ditch on tho other side. Ah ! what was that beyond tho far off wolds ? Tho sea, tho blessed sea I Ib wus lying tlinro, ponrly and still, in the early morning light. Tho fovor grew and l.urned again in Nancy's mind. Could sho but reach tho shore — there, there she could find safety and help — in a cave, perhaps. In a boat sho would push out to sra, where the eyeB of detectives could not reach her. Sho would go far, far out into the broad ocean ; she would watch, and perhaps, like a distant speck, she would see a ship. It would como nearor — nearer ; they would luve pity on her — those gro it rough sailors — a girl, all alono on a limitless sea Thf-.y would i-top their ship; tho captain would come ; he would look across tho bulwarks in wonder. Yes, now. just there, leaning over, she can see his face — delight in his eyes — a growing joy. He stretches out his arms and she — ah, God ! — she is safe I A little pause, and then all for a moment is blai.k ; and the billows of fog roll on, and the phantom ship is past, and she is a weak, tired, weary girl, leaning help lessly against a tree, haunted by fear, and without a hope in the world. She climbs down into the field before her; it is a sheep-field. The Intnbs are cuddled up by their mothers' sides ; the shepherd is seated far away up the field, o& a log. He is evidently asleep. She is' hungry — yes, fiint with hunger. There is a tin porringer on the log be side him, and a handkerchief, which, no doubt, contains some food. If she might dare to waken liirn. No ; the danger is too great — some one from the road might see her. She must hurry on — on. The sun came climbing up the skies. Here is another field ; there are men working in it. A little girl goes by with a deep measure of milk and an apronful of rolls for their breakfast. Nancy begs for one — only one. She is very hungry ; she has had nothing to eat since yesterday. There — she will give her the little brooch out of her dress, for 3I10 has no money. ? The child's eyes sparkle ; she allows Nancy to drink from her can, and to take a roll from her apron, and runs off, smiling and happy. (To be Continued.) 