i GREAT IRQHG; j OR, THE 1ST8XEMT OF BLACK HOLLOW GRANGE. BARTER TIT. — Continued. ' fie tamed to the lonnge and looked at tho bee of the child. Olotllde crept a step nearer and looked . down npon the pretty lace ; it was cold and still ; hut a faint color presently came to tho cheekii and she could see the eyelids quiver. The mother's heart etirred with an infinite pity and tenderness. "Ob, Andrew," she cried, clasping her huB- band's arm, "he is alive. I will do all yon 9k, only spare the boy, and let him go back to mysister." " Tbat he may appear by-and-bye, like the hero of a novel, and wrest my titlo and my wealth from roe I " he answered, with a hoarse lahgh, "No, I'm not such a fool as that. I'll make everything secure as I go." '.'Bat, Andrew, no one knows. Oh, for Heaven's sake I do not stain your soul with murder," implored poor Clotiide, in agony. ' . His face whitened and his lips twitohed. He was not wholly cruel ; but he steeled his soill against the ploadlngs of ln's bettor nature, and turned upon bcr with the face of fiend. \- "Silence! Woman, remember your oath I " he thundered. "Tbe dead tell no talcs. He Call die 1 " She cowered away from him, and ho took > tbe body of tbe child, rolled it in a blan- ket, and left the room, with the bundle in his larms. I Clotiide stood white and breathless for an instant, then she clutched at her ahail, wound it about her head, aud followed him out into the dark rainy night. She reached the banks of the Loire even jbeforo he did, so swift she flew, and crouch- .'ingbcneaththelow-drooping branches, waited qcd watched. " He came on, his step crunching upon the > (tnads. He approached the shore, half-a-dozen \- yards from her hiding-place, lowered his bur den, and looked cautiously around. The dreary sands were silent and dark, but from \- below came tbe mufiied beat of OBrs, There was no time to I6se, / ns raised the light nnndle ana hurled it tar Mt into the darkstream. li As tbe body struck the water, the guilty man turned and fled like one escaping with bis life, | Olotllde arose like n spectre, straining her . Byes over tbe black rippling tide. "I must save him," she murmured. " Holy Mother, do thou help me I " \- Tbon she plunged in ; sbe was a fisherman's Slaughter, and in her girlhood could swim like fish. She had not forgotten the art now. Sbe struck out for tbe place where the body went down, her eyes watching every ripple with agonising eagerness. I Presently she uttered a tremulous cry, for Something arose to the surface just beyond her. "Holy Mother, help me I" she breathed again, as she darted towardB it. : A few lyore strokes and she grasped the arising object, and, panting, .she made her 'way to the shore and was soon safe upon the sands. Uttering prayers with- every breath, she tore away the blanket and lifted tbo ahild'a head to her bosom. ' " He hreathes 1 he lives I " she exclaimed. ''The water baa restored him to conscious. -ness I " " She rained tears and kisses' on tho little -white face. . "My darling! Oh, thank Heaven, I have . saved my husband's soul from the sin of \- -murder I ". ' ii'-'The dip of oars was now heard. She ' wrapped the child in the dripping blanket, 1 clasped him close to her panting bosom, and . 'ithen laid him softly down npon the moist, warm sands. ! - "Help I holp I " she cried. " Then, sb a boat's keel grated on the shore I beyond, and the sound of voices came to her ears, she bounded up and darted through the . rainy darknesss like a lapwing. And the little lad, the waif of the wreck, all stunned and wounded, and halt drowned, " lyet still alive, lay abandoned by the brink of ;tbe swift-flowing river. I Olotllde sped on over the sodden fields <; with a strength and endurance almost super- ihumnn. I Her cottage was closed and silent when she reached it, yet she quivered with terror as sbe crept to the door, lent her huBband should ' havo returned. Despite her terror, bowover, she entered, for witbin, in his little cot-bed, lies her son, the one child of ber wedded love ; \- and no peril, no danger could cause her to for- \- sake him. !i 6he orept in and found that her husband ' |waB still absent. Looking down upon the .sleeping boy a swift thought came to her. Sbe I would take ber child and run away, no mat- . (ter whither, sesne could escape from her mad 'husband. Swift as lightning Bho tore off ber wet gar. ' tnents and put on her best apparel; then she . took the sleeping boy in her armB and darted ' towards the door. ' She was out, and the summer rain was fall ing on her throbbing head before she remem bered her "oath, never, under any circum- ' stances, to desert her huaband. A piteous cry came f roih ber ashen lips, and \- she reeled like one in a faint, "I swore by tbe crucifix," shomoaned; " I dare not break my oath." Her husband's laugh of exultation answered ter, ' " No, you dare not break it," he repoated. You are a dead woman if you ovor do. Take the Jad into the house, and bestir yourself ; we bate es time to lose." ' "I Sbe obeyed him' without a word; and before break of day they were on their jour- ' hey. CHAPTER XV. : im ilSBTEBY OF BU.OK HOLtOW GBANGE, " Lenore, my dear, I have good news for vout this morning." ' Miss Trevethon arose lazily from her favo- , /Ite sofa in the roeess of the bay-window and cloBed her book. ' The very, handsomest young lady in all I London, tho belle of the gay season tbat was . < only just over, aad an heiress in her own right, this was Miss Lenore Trevethon, Sir Geoffrey : Trevethon's ward and kinswoman. The baronet bowed gallantly as he drew forward a chair. ' " Good news, my dear," he repeated, rub. blng his shapely white bands togothcr ; " ex. \- ; cellentnewsl Gome, now, canyou guess what . It is?" \- The young lady's wonderful blue eyes dark- ened, and Bbe brought down her dainty foot atrlflo impatiently, : : "No ; 1 shall not try. I am not good at -'guessing, Bir Geoffrey. If you havo anything ' ' to tell tbat Is Worth hearing, pray apeak out at once. My book is so entertaining, and It is . vory provoking to be interrupted." . Sir Geoffrew smiled graciously on his im- periouB young ward. Uf all guardians thut ' .ever existed he was the kindest and most for. hearing. From her obildhood pretty Miss \- Trevethon bad reigned and ruled like a ; cpeen. . " True enough, my dear. Butwhenonehos ' 'good news, you know. So you won't gueBS? Well, well, 1 must tell you I Riohmond is eoming home." Mies Trevethon threw basic her graceful / head, and laughed until the room rang with silver eohoes. " Well, now, Sir Geoffrey, that is too good ! a'joke. Riohmond coming home? Why, ho \- has been doing tbe self-same thing for the , last twelve months or mora." \- " So he has Lenore, Ho is a sorry dog, as I told him In my letter. "I don't wonder that you are indignant. Indeed, the wonder . Hen in your extreme forbearance." ' My forbearance, Sir Geoffrey ? Bless you, sir, tbore'iB no need for forbearance ? Rioh mond could not please me better than by staying away. I only hope he'll make a trip to . tbe antipodes before he reaches Eng. .UmLit i . . The baronet laugned with genial good humor. A pleasant, handsome, good-humored gentleman is Sir Geoffrey, thirteenth baronet of his line, albeit bis brow is furrowed and bis hair growing gray— a favorite with all who know him, eapecially with tho ladies. A dozen times he might have chosen a wife from tbe fairest and best born women in the land since his accession to the ba ronetcy ; for some coubo he had seen fit to remain a widower. Some say that a youthful folly, which caused so muoh trouble between him and hie dead father, cured him forever of all thoughts of lovo : others hint that he lives loyal and true to tbe one woman for whose Bake ho resigned bis noble birth right ; tbat his heart is buried in his wife's far-away grave. At all events the baronet is not married, though bis cbauces have been tempting, i'or something over half a score of years he has worn the honors of his noble race, and led a genial, hospitable life at the ancestral man sion, Lyndith Hall, an upright, honorable gentleman, a Ohristian, and a philanthro pist ; a, man widely beloved and universally trusted But for some reason bis fair ward and kins woman has never, thorough! y liked her guar dian, though she has lived under his roof so many years. Sho oboys him ; or, to tell the truth, he obeys her, for the pretty, spirited creature has a will of her own, and Sir Geof frey suffers her to have bcr way, and indulges all her caprices. Ho only controls her im mense fortune. Of that Lenore is utterly ignorant and equally indifferent. She only knows that she will forfeit it — all the fine old estates and tho immenso Trevethon wealth — if she fails to marry Sir Geof frey's son before sbe attains her twenty- first year, and being passionately fond of elegance, and ease, and luxury, Mies Trovethon has no dream of forfeiting bcr right to her queonly heritage. She well knows the conditions of her poor father's will, has known them since her child hood. She knows, too, that years ago, when sho was scarcely more than a baby, she was most solemnly betrothed— indeed wedded— to her cousin Richmond. From the neat gold chain tbat glitters on her white boBom the tiny symbol of that ohildiab marriago still hangs. In bis lost will,- her father implored his only and dearly beloved daughter not for any cause to set aside tbat childish marriage, but in obedience to his life-long wish, to beoome ber cousin Richmond's wife. Failing to obey his wishes, Miss Trevethon forfeits her right as heiress, and the Trevethon fortanegoos to a remoto scion of tho family, and she and her cousin arc both left penniless. But Miss Trevethon has no thought of dis obeying her dead father's last wish and will. She holds that marriago of her ohildbood sacred and biuding : tbe tiny betrothal ring glitters on her bosom, and when Richmond comes homo she will marry him. Her guardian knows this well, and, trust ing to ber integrity, allows ber unbounded freedom. Since her return from tbe French Convent, where the better part of her youth had been passed, ber life bos been a series of successes. Her first season was a triumph, and sbe has received some of the very best offers tbat Boigravia can afford. An earldom with lie tempting coronet has been laid at her feet, and ahe baa rejected it, as Bbe rejected all tbe others Wben Richmond comes home she will be come his wifo, and make him master of ber splendid heritage, the horitagc so rightfully hie own. Richmond lingers abroad, has lingered for years, with the fairest and richest brido in wide England, awaiting bis coming. But Lenoro is by no means impatient ; ahe rather dreads his return than otherwise, she loves her girlish freedom so well. She knows littlo of tbo man who was ber boy-bridegroom, and is to be her future husband, for they bavo seen each other only at long intervals, and very brief periods. What he is or is not she has bad little opportunities for learning, yet, de spite bcr repugnnnce, her ntter indifference, wben be comes, she will obey her dead father's command, and become his wife. Tbe baronet knits hiB brows a trifle darkly at her laughing response, but bis anBwer is en tirely pleasant. " Well, well, be is certainly on his way to England this time. We may look to see him any day now in a week's time, and once here," he adds, with pointed gallantry, " he will novcr care to leavo again." To which flattering assertion tbe young lady makes no response whatever ; but ber chaperon, and tbe baronet's bosom friend, Lady Halstead, rising from another sofa, taps hei jewelled snuff-box, as she remarks : " It is most devoutly hoped he will not, for tbe good of all concerned, myself especially, The sooner be gets hero, and tbe sooner tbe legal wedding is well over, tho bettor I shall be pleased." "May I ask why?" questioned the young lady, serenely. The dowager shuts her snuff-box with a sharp snap. "You ask why, as if you didn't know. Why, I shall be as gray as a rat in another month or two if I don't get you well off my bands. Catch me in such a fix again 1 There's not a day in the week, Sir Geoffrey, out she throws me into a fever with her fol lies. She is the very maddest madcap outside sf Bedlam." Miss Trevethon shrugs her whito shoulders .n imperial scorn, and the baronet only imticB. The dowager toys with ber snuff-box and continues : " And now, in view of Richmond's return -nd tho approaching wedding, I want to know, ,n tbe name of common sense, if you do not ntend to abandon that absurd trip to the Highlands ?" Sir Geoffrey, for answer, merely bows to ward bis ward. She lifts her radiant glance irora bor open book. "Our Highland trip cannot be abandoned," die replies. " We shall leave Lyndith Hall within an hour." "As tbo queen wills," responds the baronet, with a second bow. It is part nnd parcel of hie policy to indulge bis fair ward in all her whims, and' this trip to ths Highlands is one ot them. 11 As the queen wills," is his gallant answer to nil her requests ; ha only asks to manage bcr vast fortune according to his own will. Lady HalBtead tosses her pot poodle, Bijou, from bcr lap in pure voxntion, and the little animal lies whimpering to the shelter of Lenore's arms, " As the queen wills 1 Well, Heaven be firaisod, the queen's reign will soon end, un. ess Riohmond Trevethon is as great an idiot SB his father. I'll make it my business to give tbe young man a bint or two whon he arrives." And she nods Beverly toward Lsnoro, ber black eyes twinkling with a grim bumor that softens tbe asperity of her speeoh " I'll go to my room and make ready for tbe journey. We will go, and grill, and starre, and eicep on tho ground liko cattle, and mix with barbarians, because the queen wills aud before a week ands the queon will come homo, heartily sick of her folly and with her complexion finely tanned for her wedding. My wedding-day i ' repeats Lenore, tos. sing nsido hor book and stroking Bijou's silken ears. " I'm sick of tho sound of it already. Dear, dear, I do wonder where.the barbarous custom of marrying and bolng given in marriage ever originated ?" " Why, in tho Garden of Eden,tobeBure," laughs Sir Geoffrey. "I only wish it had ended there," re- torts his ward. » Pray, Bir Geoffrey, ring the bell, and I'll have Olotllde corns and dress me." Sir Geoffrey rings and bows low to his ward, as it-she were indeed a queen and him self her most devoted subject. And, witbin an hour a large party leaves Lyndith Hall for the Scottish hills. Sir Geoffrey's party havo been in the neigh borhood of tbe baronot's abootlng-box somo days before Lenoro sses her way clear to ac complish the object she bad In view, when she planned the excursion. It Is a glorious morning,' the olr'pura and bracing, the sunshine lying warm and golden over the purple moors and shaggy MissTrovotbonisoutforalongwalk. Sho pauses, ankle-deop in yellow gorse, when the bluasmokftfxjm tbe shbotiijg-hDzJa.de be- hind the line of black firs. " Clotiide," addressing ber attendant, " we are out of eight of the whole stupid party now ; SSr Geoffrey bos gone deer- stalking ; Lady Mhlstead has sprained her foot, and the day is giand. My opportunity has como at last— I'm going to Black Hollow Grange." The woman looks up, with a sudden start, her Bad, worn faco growing a shado more ghastly. A strange creature to look at, is this com panion of 'Miss Trevethon's— a creature upon whom tho blight of some awful crime, or terrible sorrow, must havo fallen. She is not much past her prime, yet her abundant balr is as white' as snow, and there is a carious look inherintroverted eyes, a sphinx-like mys tery in her frozen face, that suggests the con dition of a somnambulist. Bat Miss Trevethon is quite fond of this, her ghostly companion, for since her earli est recollection, Clotiide has been with her like her own shadow, and we grow to love the creittnre with whom we have been long familiar,, no matter how ungainly they may be. Lcnure lows this woman, who follows ber day and night with the dumb, watchful de votion of a dwg ; and if at times, growing impatient of her constant surveillance, tbe young heiress treats her unkindly, ahe ia sure to repent the minute after, and beg-'Ucr par don, which Clotiide readily grants. For, despite her sptrrnx-facorthe poor soul is ten- dor and gentle, and devoted to her lovely young mistress. " Black Hollow Grange, Miss Treve thon ?" The words fell huskily from ber o9hon lips. " Black Hollow Grango," repeats Lenore, with a defiant laugh. " It is over yonder somewhere, in the midst of those black bills! I shall be anre to find it I There, hold yonr pcaco, Clotiide, I know what you wonld say. I know nil about tho grue9omo old bouse, shut up since the day and hour of that awful murder — I've heswd all about the ghosts, and nil that, bnt I'm .goinglneverthcless. I will go," and sho brings down her pretty foot with decided emphasis. " I've longed to bob tho place all my Kfe ; I think of it all day. and drown of it at r ' -.'h t j I havo a notion, Clotiide — I havo had ever since I heard the awful story, a strange notion tbat if I can get into that old Grango, I shall find some clue—" " Miss Lenoro, for the lovo of Heaven, huBb I" "And, wherefore? Why, Olotilde, you always are ghostly to look at, but now yonr face is like chalk, and your kneesshake under you. Wbat'a the matter?" " Come home, Miss Trevethon, I implore youl" "Not I! My opportunity has come, and I've waited for it too long to let it slip. I'm going to Black Hollow Grange 1" , "Bat Sir Geoffrey— if he should find ont I" Miss Trevethon snaps her slender white fingers. " Sir Geoffrey won't eat ua. I've nskedhim dozens of timcB to let me visit the old place, but he always frowned like an ogre, and said no. So did Lady Halstead. They don'teven know tbat I'm acquainted with tho awful particulars of my poor mother's murder and my father's strange disappearance, bnt I am. I know tbe whole Btory from beginning to end ; old Kisby told mo everything. What an awful thing it was, Clotiide 1" Hor fresh young face whitens as she turns it toward her companion, and a shudder runs through her lithe frame. " Yes, nn awful tiling, Miss Lenoro ; you should never have heard it, and you must not think of it now. Cnmn. let. it« nn back." "I wont; I'm going to Black Hollow Grango. As I said tbe notion haunts ractbat once there I sbali find some clue by which to solvo the mystery of my poor father's fate. had this object solely in view when I nlanned tbiB excursion ; for onco 1 have outwitted Sir Geoffrey. Come, we've no time to idle ; the station cannot be far away. Wo have tho day before us, and even if we do not succeed in getting back to-night there will be no great barm done. Will you como, Clotiide ? Do you hear me? Why, then, do you stand and gape like anldiot?" " I can't go, Miss Trevethon." " Do you mean it, Clotiide ? Can it be pos sible that at last, for once in my llfo, lam to bo frco of your shadow ? I am rejoiced at the prospect, I assuro you, and I bid you good- The young lady turns on her heel with a scornful laugh, but Olotilde's tremulous touch detains her. " I beg your pardon, Miss Trevethon but I have tried to make myself useful to you nil these years." Her white lips qniverand her eyes fill with team. Poor, desolate soul, bereft as she baa been of every earthly tie and forced to endure a living martyrdom, the one solitary, comfort of her wretched life is her love for her young mistress. Lenore sees the pain In the poor meek face, and instantly repents of her unkind- ncss. " You have been useful, my poor Olotilde, and I would not be without you for worlds. There, forgive mo, and do not take my silly words to heart." She gives hor a carressing pat on the cheek with her slender, Boft hand, as she con tinues: " Come, now, we aro friends again. We should never fall out, Olotilde, if you would only keep in mind tbe fact that I always do havo my way in the end ; and certainly it would be wise to permit me to have it in tho beginning, and thereby eavo your hroatb. "Miss Lenore, I cannot go. For tho love of heaven, do not think of visiting that awful place I" Miss Trevethon's swift anger blazes up afresh. Why not ? For fear of encountering the ghostB of my poor murdered father and mother?" she demands. "Heaven Bend I might seo thorn I Alive or dead, in tbo body or ont, tbey would bo most welcome. Why, Olotilde, you aro actually Bhivoring. What a coward you must be. Or, perhaps," Bbe adds, struck by a sudden thought, "you know something of that terrible myBtory ? I havo long wondered what secret you carry locked op in your heart. It must be a dreadful one, judging from the look of your face. Is it con cerning tbe m vstory of Black Hallow Grange? Can it bo possible, Olotllde, tbat you j know something and bavo kopt it from me all tbeso years?" Tbo woman wliitenn until her face ia like asheB, and she utters a piteous, gasping cry. " Oh, Miss Trevethon, how should I know? It is cruel to think I do." Lenoro throws asido the hand that dutches at her arm. " Perhaps it is -cruel," Bhe replies ; " but, then, if you know nothing of tho mystery, you need have no fear of tbe ghosts. Onco for all, will you como with me or not ?" " I cannot." " Then I shall go alone." , " Oh, Miss Lenore, stop 1 You must not. Sir Geoffrey would be bo angry," " Sir Geoffrey's anger can cool: Stand aside, Olotllde I" Sbe pushes her companion out of tbo way and walks rapidly onward, not deigning another word or glance. Olotilde follows, wringing her hands in an agony of distress, Lenore goes on at a rapid p.-ce, Sho baa mado up hor mind to visit Black Hollow Grange at all risks, and In tho teeth of all opposition ; and, liko ail her race before her, UIbs Trevethon has an iron will. Presently tho ehrill shriek of a locomotive greets her ear, nnd she sees a tbin cloud of smoke curling over tho summit of a brown hill. Tho train is co.ming. She quickens her steps, her heart throbbing with pleasant excitement, A turn In tbe road brings her in sight of . tho way station, with its rod flag fluttering in tho breeze ; and she succeeds in reaching the plntform just as the snorting ongine comes up. . _ .. To bb continued. Home 10,000 British soldiers and sailors aro annually sent back into civil life, and how to find employment for as many of -them as pos- liblo is tbo problem which Jacoaeacheuccea jiyajGoxaminant,' ..K _ v 