SILK MADE FROM WOOD. . sa ? ESTABLISHMENT OF A NEW BRITISH INDUSTRY. A correspondent, of The Times writes : There will shortly be started in Lancashire a new industry of a character so novel that the mention of it may appear to be suggestive of an absurdity rather than of sober truth. It will be one for nothing less than the manufacture of silk out of wood pulp. Quixoticas the idea seems it has already been established that silk, or rather artificial silk, can be so made that it can be used for the many purposes for which natural silk is used, and others besides that it is especially suitable for working up with natural silk, cotton, or wool for dress material, ribands, trimmings, church decorations, vestments, etc.; that the artificial silk can scarcely be distinguished from that for which we have hitherto depended on the silkworm and that it can be sold at prices very much lower, and still leave a substantial profit. Dress and other fabrics made from this wood silk are, indeed, already being sold extensively in London, as among the leading features of this season's Paris novelties ; though the appearance of them is so close to that of the ordinary silks, and so little has been said of the new discovery, that neither the ladies who have bought them nor, indeed, the shopkeepers who have sold them, have realised the change that has been brought about in the process of manufacture. At present the wood-silk comes from France, large works having been established at Essendon under patents granted to Count Hilaire de Chair dounet, Chevalier of the Legion of Honour, who discovered the process, and first established in 1863- the fact that it might be made into a commercial success. Since then the demand for the new commodity had far surpassed the existing powers of manufacture and some months ago the idea was mooted of adding to the number of our own industries by arranging to make the artificial silk in England as well. The project seemed to be especially desirable in the interests of Lancashire, whose commercial prosperity has been seriously threatened of water while it was pointed out that Lancashire weavers are much more skilful than the French in working- up those textile combinations for which the artificial silk is particularly, though not exclusively, adapted. A number of silk and cotton manufacturers met to discuss the question, and finally sent out to Besanko a deputation consisting of some of their own number, an engineer, a chemist, and a lawyer, to investigate the subject thoroughly. This was done, and the outlook was found to be so promising that certain concessions have been secured and a company is now in process of formation and, to begin with, a factory, which will cost £30,000, is to be built near to Manchester for the manufacture of artificial silk yarn from wood pulp, for sale to weavers, who will work it up by means of their existing machinery. Inasmuch as six weaving firms have already arranged to take the total output of the factory, even before a single brick, has been laid, and as others are proposing to put down plant of their own to be worked' on the royalty system, there is evidently good reason for the expectation that Lancashire is on the eve of some important expansions in her textile trades. The prospects are the more satisfactory because the concessions which have been secured specially stipulate that Continental makers of the artificial silk are not to send their yarn to England, while the international patent laws bill, now that the rights for Great Britain have been bought up, secure that henceforth neither the yarn nor the goods manufactured therefrom shall be imported here. Times, although the original idea comes from France, the industry, so far as this country is concerned, will be essentially British, and will be carried on without fear of foreign competition on our own shores. At the present time our imports of articles manufactured from silk are so extensive that last year they amounted to £10,237,000, and those of raw and thrown silk to £1,883,000. or a total of £17,120,000 ; but now that industrial ingenuity has shown that the silkworm can be sup- planted by any sort of timber, there is thought to be a good prospect of distributing a good deal of this money among our own workers instead of sending it abroad. The way in which wood pulp can be converted into silk yarn will be best explained by a brief account of the process as it is already at work at escape. A certain economy of labour is practised by obtaining the wood when it is in its *' paper " or " card- board " condition if though waste cotton may also be used, and the first operation is to macerate it in a solution of nitric and sulphuric acid. After this the acids are squeezed out by a hydraulic press, and the stuff is thoroughly cleansed in large vats of water. It is then partially dried, and afterwards left for some hours in a re- volving cylinder containg alcohol. and other. After this it is passed through a filter, which it leaves looking very much like thick gum, and is next put in cylinders, from which it is forced by pneumatic pressure into pipes passing into the spinning department. Here the machinery looks like that employed in Lancashire spinning sheds, except that one of the pipes referred to runs along each set of machines. These pipes are supplied with small taps, fixed close together, and each tap has a glass tube, about the size of a gas burner at the extreme point of which is an aperture so minute that the filaments passing through no fewer than ten of them would be required to make up the thickness of a human hair. These glass tubes are known as " glass silk- worms," and some 12,000 of them are in use in the factory. The effect of the pneumatic pressure in the cylinders referred to above is to force the liquid matter not only along the iron tubes, but also, when the small taps are turned on, through each of the glass silkworms. It appears there is a scarcely perceptible globule. This a girl touches with her thumb, to which it adheres, and she draws out an almost invisible filament which she passes through the guides and on to the bobbin. Then, one by one, she takes 8, 10, or 12 other such filaments, according to the thickness of the thread to be made, and passes them through the same guides and on to the same bobbin. This done, she presses them together with her thumb and forefinger, at a certain point between the glass silkworms and the guides. Not only do they adhere, but thenceforward the filaments will continue to meet and adhere at that point, however long the machinery may be kept running. In this way the whole frame will soon be set at work, the threads not breaking until the bobbin is full, when they break automatically, while they are all of a uniform thickness. The remaining processes are the same as in the case of ordinary silk except in two respects. In the first place, the artificial silk has to be dead- trified, so as to render it non-inflammable after the chemical processes it has undergone and in the next place, the banks are placed on two revolving rollers which stretch and also "iron them, producing that high degree of lustre which is one of the chief characteristics of the artificial silk The new product is said to take dye much more readily than the natural silk, and certainly the colours and the extreme richness of some specimens that have been on view in London seemed to leave nothing to be desired in this respect. The chief difference in appearance between the natural and the artificial silk is in the greater lustre of the latter; though it will be found also that if a single thread of each is taken the artificial will " break " differently from the natural, and has only about 80 per cent, of its strength. The success already secured by the new process in France is such that the introduction of the industry into Lancashire is expected to produce something like revolution in the conditions of trade there not only by bringing into existence a new occupation, but also by finding more work for a good deal of the weaving machinery that is now only partially employed ; while weaving of " silk," or what only experts will be able to distinguish from silk, will be rendered possible in the case of a vast number of people to whom the product of the silkworm is more or less a prohibitive luxury. All the same, there will probably be some sentimental regret that the silkworm itself, which has played so important a part in the clothing of the peoples of the Western world since the middle of the sixth century, should thus run the danger of being supplanted by liquefied limber ; though the discovery that clothing can be made out of wood pulp is, after all, no move remarkable than that which was made by the Persian I missionaries who visited China 1,300 years ago, and learnt to their surprise that garments could be made from the cocoons of a caterpillar. PARLIAMENTARY ETIQUETTE. The Diarist of the Speaker makes himself responsible for the details of a laughable " lobby incident." It seems that there is a certain new Tory member whose bumptiousness has given offence on his own side of the House, and who can hardly be regarded as one of the more popular persons in Paris ment. This gentleman, discussing a small point of procedure with another Tory member, explained that it would be settled in such-and-such a manner, " I know it will be so, because I have talked with Arthur and Michael on the subject." " Arthur and Michael ? " inquired Tory No. 2 an old member of whom are you speaking I " "Why, of Balfour and Hicks Beach, of course. I always like to go to headquarters," responded the novice. "So do I," returned Tory No. 2, "but I always go to Bob t" " Boer Who is Bob I" " Why, Salisbury, of course," said the veteran triumphantly, as he left his interlocutor to digest at best he could the letter in parliamentary etiquette he had received. A HAUNTED ABBOT.- It looks at if " Silverton Abbey," about which there has been more talk among believers in ghosts of late, will develop into a genuine haunted house after all. Two gentlemen who availed themselves of the tenant's permission to sleep On the empty premises send their ex- perience! to the Standard (May 6), and their story corroborates in (the main particulars the remarkable narrative recently given in that paper In the first night the noise sounded like " light footsteps" in the corridor outside their door, which almost immediately seated. But on the second night matters were very different, Everything was quiet till about 4 a.m. , when, in the lower corridor, a noise as of some heavy article being pushed or drugged was heard faintly. Presently the noise increased, and came from our (the upper) corridor, and towards us, and, after continuing for about one minute, suddenly i ceased near our door. We jumped up, opened our dear, and explored again, but not a sound was to be heard. We had all but reached out door, when, in the opposite room ( he door being wide open), we heard, at a distance of not more than 200 , a bang at of a heavy weight being thrown, which reverberated through the thence, and all was again still." "Tra Finest Jams in Tasmania; one pound, full weight, tins. W. O PJUOOOK ' AND CO.' 