THE ADELAIDE OVAL. NEW SOUTH WALES V. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. First Da v.—Saturday, December 10. [By Point.] No other intercolonial cricket match played iu South Australia lias so excited the public mind as the twolfth contest between represen tatives of New South Wales and South Aus tralia, which was begun on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday. The annual engagement with the cricketers of the mother colony is always popular, but the attractiveness of the present fijeturo was increased by the presence amongst the contestants of no fewer than nine of the colobrated cricketers who a few months ago were fighting bravely shoulder to shoulder to lower the flag of England from tho top of tho Pavilion at Konnington Oval. The amount taken at the gates was £203. which is £23 moro than the Cricketing Association has received in one day on a similar occasion, and it represents an attendance of about 7,000 persons. And now for the play. Tho Now South Welshmen had on Friday evening elected Garrett as Captain, and the South Australians without hesitation reposed a similar trust in Giffen. Jt might have been thought that during the tour of tho Australian Eieven George would havo learnt some thing of tho art of tossing from Harry Trott, who was phenomenally skilful not to say lucky, in foretelling how the coins would tgil, but on Saturday tho South Aus tralian had no bettor fortune than ho had twelve months ago when calling to Garrett. Irodalo and Mackeir/.io were tho pioneer batsmen, tho former taking strike to .Tones, who bowied from the city end. j The first ball whizzed along with the' | speed of thought. Jredale stood hack to , it, played it on to his left foot, whence I it rebnundod ' on to the wicket, and the ! famous batsman had to retire with tho first [ blob"' lie has made in an intercolonial match for seven .years. One need only recall a ! .sequence of scores Iredale has made against I South Australia—41, (11, 25-25, 20-Ul, 51, j 1 ST-BO*'—to point the moral that our men j were distinctly fortunate to get rid of him so cheaply. Harry 1) on nan, who steppod to the vacant crease, has recorded a succession of scores against our howlers only slightly inferior in magnitude to Tredale's, thus20-24, 4ft*. oft-10, 03. 48-07*. Before lie went to England Donnan vvassnpnosed not to relish fast bowling, and although it might have oeen thought that his English experience would have enabled him to play it more easily, .Tones still reckoned that the great Sydney batsman was a gift to him. For two or three overs Donnan did not seem to iw. able, to make head < r tail of -the cannon shots, some oF which, no doubt, reminded hi'.r. of the day at Sheffield Park when Jones had tiekl«-d \V. G-.'s ribs. Donnan probably smiled 'hen, I'it en Saturday it was no laughing mat e.' r <r him However, the bails which pais d inn) r. above tho balls, and as the play progressed the batsman timed them better, "• At 1.30 the , total waa_48,.of which Mackenzie had macro' . 23and Donnaii 24. • Jones and Jar via bowled again when play was resumed, and in a buarter of an hoUr 22 runs were added, a breakneck rate of scoria# compared with tliat which had ruled before lunch. At length .Jonei got a clinker past Donnau, and over toppled the oil stump. 2 for 70. Now happened a remarkable slump in New South Wales stocks. Coningbam, alio walked in and faced Jones with an air which irresistibly suggested the lines ' sung by Will Crackles as the Dainiio's sister ' Flossie, "I'm a fair}', bright and' airy," with any amount of flourish played one ball from Jones, but be flourished his bat past the next, which found its way to the wicket. .Coningbam, who generally manages to raise a laugh amongst tho spectators, dramatically didalittloniece of dumb show by raising his •» leg and-nhfpping his knee to indicate that ho • had been bowled off his pads. , A rousing choer welcomed little Bid Gregory, tho champion batsman of tho Australian Eleven. Evans was now tried instead of Jarvis, with the samo sensational effect which lias attended his trials ■' in club matchos this season, Mackenzie, snicking the ball to Reedmari, who took it so near the grass that Mr. EvOrs at the howler's end had to appeal to Mr. Fisher at square-leg as to whother a catch was made. A hod from Mr. Fisllor, meaning as it did that Mackenzie, who is probably in better form than any of his comrades, had to Ioavo tho wickets, was the signal for a salvo of cheers,. Mackenzie's innings Was a master piece of defence, hut otic marvels to see a bats man of such Magogic proportions not making greater use of his physicalattributes. Certainly it is difficult to realize that he is tho batsman of whom Garrett said tho other day that ho had played ono of tho most brilliant innings lie had ever seen. Gregory was joined by Kelly, who scored a single off Evans. Then Gregory played the first ball ho received into his wicket through trying to execute his favouritp pull, which realized so many runs in England. Gregory's failuro was in a sense 'disappointing to the spectators, but it is a curious thing that ho has never scored heavily in Adelaide, moreover, his companions of tho Australian Eleven say that lie has been clean out of form since he left England. Evans had. in his first over taken 2 wickets for 1 run, and he might have had another wicket in his next over had not Darling in the Jong-field slightly misjudged a lofty hit which ho did not quite reach. Kelly, resolute and bold-henrtcd, pro ceeded to verify the statements which have reached us from England of thoimprovoment which has taken place in his batting. Noble— a tall, young batsman who watches tho ball well—shapod nicely, but spoilt tho effect by letting out at a ball from Evans and giving Darling a chance to make a capital catch, (i—86. Turner went in, rattled up 9 quickly, then gavo Darling still another ciiauco to distinguish himself, and 7 for 103 went up. ' This remarkable downfall of batsmen calls to mind what happened in the New South Wales innings last year, when in half an hour the record changed from 190 fof 1 wickot to 217 for 7 wickets. The slump had been mainly brought about by Evans, who in 6 overs had taken 4 wickets for 23 runs. Captain Garrett realizing the gravity of tho situation joined Kelly and kept his end going, while the wickctkeepcr kept the fiold moving after the ball which sped in all directions from his bat. At 120 Travers and Jarvis were tried, but at 4 o'clock tho batsmen were still together with the total at 141, Kelly having made 42 and Garrett 12. The end of tho innings camo quickly after the resumption of play. At 1.55 a short run was tried, and Evans from third man throw down tho wickot to which Garrett was running, then Jones going on instead of Travers, firstof all disposed of Kelly, who was smartly caught at mid-on by Jarvis, and in his next over bowlod Howell To bo dismissed for 102 was as dis appointing to tho visitors as it was satisfactory to tho South Australians. Tho batting, needless almost to say, fell far short of ex pectations. Kelly alone of those 'who stayed displayed any aggressiveness, lie is not a stylish batsman, but, like all wieketkocpers, has a keen pair of eyes, and makes strokes which other batsmen seldom attempt, remind ing one sometimes as ho draws the balls round to square-leg of John McCarthy Blackham, who, with his unorthodox strokes, was a rare one to disconcert fieldsmen. Jones, who secured tlig. best average, bowled splendidly, kocpingagood length with admirable direction, very few balls being pitched outside tho batsmen's legs as they wore wont to be when Jonah was loss experienced. Tho success of Evans was as astonishing to Giffen, Jones, Darling, and Hill, who had never soon hira bowl in club matches, rait was gratifying to tho spectators, who rejoiced that another bowler had boon found who could cap ture wickots. Some of the Sydney fellows told me on Saturday night that tiierc was nothing in his bowling, and that thei got themselves out, but such assertions are not as cogent arguments as an a-veragc of 4 wickets for 4G. It seemed to the spectator that tho batsmen, as local batsmen liavc been, were de ceived in the flight of the ball. George Giffen only bowled one over, a circumstance scarcely unique, for it 'is a curious coincidence that playing against New South Wales imme diately after his return from England throe years ago, when Jones and Reed man secured tho wickets, he only had a couplo of overs. Probably no one was more delighted than Giffen that he had not to bowi longer on Satur day, because his knee was so painful that he could little more than limp shout. How pleasant it is to be able to say that the fielding was brilliant in the extreme, and particularly that the three young members of the team, Travers, Evans, and Bailey, were the smartest of tho eleven, Bailey at third man repeatedly earning applause. Largely to* tho dash and accuracy of tho fieldsmen may be attributed the fact that the visitors occupied no less than three hours and ton minutes in compiling 102 runs. Jar vis kept wickets very well. Darling and Fred Jarvis began the South Australian innings at five minutes to 5, Howell and McKihbin commencing the at'ac.k. Tho admirers of Jarvis, who have otton thought that lie might be sent in first as hit is in club matches, h-med that, he would make a rns|ioctahlo scorn, but when lb runs had been scored, of which he had made 7, McKibbin beat him with a trimmer. Willi Lyons in Gciningham, fast loft hand, was given a try nt MeKibbin's end, but if the hitter was expected to do anything rash the Sydney men were disappointed, for .Tack played almost with the care of a Bannernian, being content to make hard drives along tho turf to the men placed in the dceri-ficld. Darling was equally cautious, and the score rose slowly. At 32 MeKi"bin wont on again, and Lyons made a pretty nut off 11 ni ford. The only other foiirer was male by Darling, who M"'1ist.'rl a fine cover-hit off Howell. At 6 o'ei'th<> bat men were still together. Lvons having made. 21 and Darling 111. w i'h the tola! a' IT. Tb- feature rv the New South Wales •ie brilliant work by Gregory at ex'.-.1 r: :,i off. SaooKD Dat.—Mohdav, Dmjbmbxb 2L The cricket match . between iJew South ' Widos and South Australia oouldscarcely have reached a stage more calculated to \- Attract a large crowd on an offday than it bad \- after Saturday's play. And on Monday the attendance was capital, about £140 ' being taken at the gates. The weather could scarcely be termed pleasant, as the westerly breeze which blew at midday died away later on, and the atmosphere was hot and -muggy. The Sydney men went out to field punfc tually as the town clock chimed the hour of node, and soon .after LyonB and Darling, who had respectively scored 21 and 19, were in their places at the wickets. Turner from the north end opened to Lyons, who tipped up the first ball dangerously near \- Noble at third man. Darling, who faced McKibbin, did not add to Iub score. He made one lovely cutalong the ground, which Donnan stopped, then tried to place a similar bailout of .reach, of thca fieldsman, but it rose,__and Donnan, taking a couple of quick steps, made a splejjdid catch. 2 for 49. Clem Hill, of course, had a warm welcome from the crowd. Lyons played a good innings,. but at last ho hit over a fast one from Howell, which glanced from his pad into the wicket. He had, how ever, lasted long enough to convince the most captious critic that he is anything .but the effete batsman which some people have' been prone to set him down. Lyons's hittjpg was as bard, well-timed, and judicious as ever it was, and every-one will sincerely hope that the bie hitter is in the same form when the test matches are being played next Beason. He notched no fewer than D7 runs in forty - five minutes, seven hits reaching the boundary. 3 for 112. Giffen's kneo was so bad that he kept himself back and sent in young Bailey, who opened his account with a rather risky cover- hit, which went over Mackenzie's head, to the chains. Olem, who had made nearly all his runs on the on side, now effected a fine off drive for 4 from Howell's bowling. For the special edification of the colt the wily Sydney captain brought on McKibbin instead of Howell, but Bailey's dismissal came from the other end, an attempt to cover-hit an off theory ball from Turner neatly landing the ball in the bauds of McKibbin at slip. Bailey during his short stay made some capital off etrokes, and some of the Sydney men were very pleased with his style, Four for 132 was the record when Giffen, who received an ovation, walked out. George promptly cover hit the first ball from Turner with charming crispness for a brace. A single sent him to the other end, where he touched a ball from McKibbin, and as 5 for 135 went up the spectators, half an hour before so excited, were wonderfully subdued. Reed man's was an in glorious innings. McKibbin bad him very much on toast, and eventually lifted tho bails with a fine break-back which completely baffled the batsm an, and shot first on to his pads then to the wicket. Lunch was then taken with the record 6 for 137, Hill having 24 to his credit. After luncbeon Hill was accompanied to tne wickets by Evans, who safely played the last ball of McKibbin's over. A single to Hill off Turner prefaced a pretty square-leg hit for 3 by Evans. With the other'cracks of the team gone Clem thought the time had arrived to lay the wood on, and he made several fine strokes all round the wicket, some of whieh, however, were stopped by the vigilance of the fieldsmen, but at last ho got a splen did square - leg hit past them all, following this with a cover-hit for 4 off Turner, whieh put the score above that of the visitors. At 166 Howell replaced Turner, who had been bowling an oxcellont length without any luck. The separation, however, was effected byMcKibbin, who caught and bowled Hill. Clem played a splendid innings, and if ever a man sacrificed himself for the sake of his side be did, inasmuch as after lunch he took risks for the sake of runs. His strokes were of great variety, and one wishes the printers could conveniently reproduce a diagram showing the different directions the hall took from his bat. We have heard how Clem has developed the on strokes, in the making of which even before he went to England be was an adept, and my diagram ahowB that on that side he scored from hitB which took nine different lines, whereas on the off the ball only went in five different directions. Seven wickets wore now down for 171. Affie Jarvis joined Evans, who had been batting nicely, but when 11 runs bad been added a magnificent catch by Kelly, who jumped away to leg, and oaught a ball which had been glanced terminated the Nor wood colt's innings. Evans showed very promising form. The appearance of Ernie .Tones was greeted with a rousing cheer. The dashing South Adelaidean was. however, quickly bowled, although before that disaster happened he made one good cut. The innings was ended by McKibbin catching Jarvis off his own bowling. Everybody wns fearfully disappointed that at least sixty more runs had not been made. The fact of the matter was that McKibbin's bowling was too good, no one but Lyons, Hill, and Evans seeming to have the slightest idea how to negotiate his tricky ones, and the bowler who beat the greatest batsmen in Eng land must be heartily congratulated upon having achieved a great performance. He has done some splendid things, but probably none have excelled in point of merit his latest dis play. His analysis after he went on the last time was nothing less than remarkable, reading as it did 12 overs 3 maidens 19 runs 5 wickets. Turner's average does not look as well as the bowler deserved, and it should be remembered in his favour that two chances were missed, while Clem Hiy was probably caught and given not out off him. He certainly bowled a far better length than when I saw him last against Stoddart's team at Sydney in 1895. The fielding of the visitors was very fine, Kelly at the wickets and Gregory and McKenzie on the off all showing special brilliance. Donnan and Mackenzie, the pair of batsmen whose partnerships were so prolific of runs last season, began the Welshmen's second inn ings at half-past 3, the former taking strike to Jones. The first ball passed batsman and wicketkeeper, and 4 byes were run. The third was prettily hit to square-leg for 4, and the next in the same direction for 2—10 off the over. Evans was the other bowler, and McKenzie operated on him with 4 for a square-leg hit, and a single for a big off drive. Jones's second over resulted in 7 runs to McKenzie, and the spectators were down hearted, but they were happier when they saw Dcmnan send a ball back to Evans—1 for 23\. Then went up a mighty shout as after Mackenzie had added two runs he snicked one of the fast ones, which Jar vis caught—or to be absolutely literally correct —which caught Jarvis in the bread basket. Tredale and Gregory, the eensational failures of the first innings, were now together, and the latter late cutting Jones for 3, the arrears were wiped off. Again, however, as in the first innings, Evans's first ball at Gregory was fatal. The little batsman shaped to hook the ball to square-leg, but was palpably deceived in its flight, for he knocked up to mid-on, and Giffen, running back, made an easyoatch. With Kelly In the , field spread out,Keedman being stationed at square-leg to blook the .hit which proved so productive on Saturday^. Seven runs bad beenput on when a brilliantpiece of fielding by Baile> brought about Kelly's downfall, Iredale made a lovely cut which seemed so certain to beat the fieldsman that Kelly bolted down the pitch, but Bailey fielded the ball smartly, and whizzed it in to Evans, whose wicket-keeping experienoe enabled him to dexterously turn the opportunity to ac count. The fifth wicket put on 78 runs. The fieldsmen now thought the time had arrived for a spell and a refresher, and play was adjourned for ten minutes. Ooningnam went out with Noble. Jones and Evans were entrusted with the bowling, and off* the former's second over Hill, deep at slip, caught the left-hander. Garrett went in, and a minute or two later Noble tamely potted a ball back toEvans. This young visitor is dis tinctly the most promising batsman New South Wales has sent down here since Frank Iredale first made his appearance on the Ade laide Oval. He plays the game very correctly and executes, all with equal ease, a great variety of strokes. He in no idler either, as may be judged from the statement that he made his fine score of 69 in eighty minutes, and that, too, without giving the ghost of a chance. The seventh wicket fell at 129. Turner Went in and stayed with Garrett until 6 o'clock, when the scores wereTurner, 4: Garrett, 7; total, 136\. The fielding of the South Australians again left nothing to be desired. Third Day.—Tuesday, Pecember 22. Probably very few persons in Adelaide thought when the cricket match between New 'South Wales and South Australia was resumed on Tuesday that it would not be finished by C o'clock, yet such is the oase, although the end is probably not far off now. The players themselves to a man would have been heartily glad had there been no necessity to play at all, so intensely hot was the weather. Considering the heat it was not surprising that the attendance was not large, the takings at the Oval only reaching £80 as againBt £142 on Monday. Nevertheless the Cricketing Associa tion may wcif feel satisfied with the gross pro ceeds of the match—£515. The fears entertained late on Monday night by the South Australians that a thunderstorm might burst over Adelaide and diminish their chanoes of defeating the New South Welsh men were not realised, and when play was con tinued at noon the "ground was drier and harder than ever. The two not-out men— Garrett 7, and Turner 4—continued the visi tors' innings, tho total standing at 136 for 7 wickets. Turner took strike to Jones, and the first ball sped for 3 log-byes. Garrett and Turner put on 93 runs. The veteran captain played a fine innings, in which he combined defence with judicious hitting, and which reminded us of the stand he and Howell made against our men last season, when, for the last wicket, they put on 84 runs. On that occasion, too, as to-day, Fred Jar vis missed an easy catch at an early stage of the partner ship. It is a further coincidence that Garrett last season was caught at mid-off just before luncheon. Lunch was now taken, Turner's score standing at 41. The game wore a very different aspect when play was resumed at twenty minutes past 2 to that which it had through South Australian spectacles a couple of hours before. Instead of looking a good thing for South Australia tho chances of the New South Welshmen were infinitely brighter. McKibbin went out with Turner, who helped the score along by lifting Reedman for 2, and making a slashing Bquare-leg hit to the boundary. McKibbin had to deal with Jones, and after getting four for a couple of cuts, he cut one like a shot past Lyons to the chains. Then Turner was bowled off his pads by Reedman. The retiring bats man had playod a dashing if not quite fault less innings, and one of incalculable value. Three balls were enough for Howell, tho third, a fastish yorker, sending his middle stump flying, leaving McKibbin again not out. The fine average with which Reedman finished the innings—3 for 15—shows what wonders a change in the bowling may effect. George Giffcn has often been blamed for a dis position not to vary the attack sufficiently, but throughout this innings he used excellent judg ment. Tho fielding, despite the oppressive heat, was admirable, Fred Jarvis's mistake being the one serious blemish, while Jones, Hill, Darling, Evans, Bailey, and Lyons all showed'brilliant form. At a moment or two before 3 o'clock Lyons and Darling were sent out to begin the journoy after the 213 run3 which the visitors had set the local men. Howell opened to Lyons, who drove the first ball fori. McKibbin had charge of the other end and bis second ball, a four inch off-break, beating Lyons, who tried his hardest to watchit, struck the top ofthe stum pa. With the situation serious Giffen did not keep himself back this time but went in first wicket down—his old familiar place—to see if he could set the foundation for a victory. The second ball from McKibbm he placed prettily to leg for 3. A disaster happened in McKibbin s next over, Darling being given out leg before wicket by Mr. Evers. The batsman, who made no bones about showing his disgust with the decision, stated afterwards that he played the ball hard on to his leg, and further that none of the fieldsmen appealed to the umpire. Nevertheless he had to go. Of course, under Law 46, if no appeal had been made, the batsman would not have been out. Giffen, however, scarcely agrees with Dar ling's version of the incident. Immediately the ball struck Darling's pads the bowler exclaimed, "How ' without completing the usual form of appeal. Mr. Evers at once put up his hand and said, "Out." There being no doubt that he had played the ball, Darling, for a moment losing sight of the fact that the umpire's decision, no matter how bad, is final, stood his ground. Garrett at once, to set all doubts at rest, said to the umpire, "How was it?" and the arbiter of the game confirmed bis decision. The Sydney men were very sorry that the incident occurred, and McKibbin afterwards expressed regrets to his old Australian Eleven comrade. This. bad decision possibly lost the match for South Australia, but it should be borne in mind that on the previous day the fact that Mr. Evers wrongfully gave Hill "In" cost our visitors 45 ruus. The crowd, however, did not like it, and for some time whenever a fieldsman touched the bail somo of the small boys cried sarcastically "Out," persisting so much in these uncricket like remarks that Garrett had to ask Giffen to have the lads checked. The second wicket had fallen at 4. Hill now joined Giffen. While Howell kept down the runs, McKibbin was more expensive, both batsmen executing some neat on strokes as a preface to a couple of fine cuts by Hill, one which sped in front of point to the boundary, the other, which passed on the other side of point, being stopped near the edge of the grass. With 33 on the board, Giffen letting go at a wcll pitcbed-up ball from McKibbin, drove it to Howell at mid-on, who made a fine catch Things looked very blue for South Australia when Bailey went to the assistance of Hill. At 106 Turner, who had got rid of Bailey in the first innings, was put on instead of McKibbin, and again the oracle worked, Bailey, in an attempt to make his favourite off-bit, smoking tbe ball' into the wicket keepers hands. The young Norwood bats man played a fine innings, his well;timed, wristy strokes pleasing everybody, and the reception be bad as be retained to the pavilion, may be' well imagined, for his batting is'of the character tbe people love. He was batting almost exactly an nour, and amongst his hits were afive ana 6 fours. There is no longer any doubt that in him tbe colony has got hold of a fine young batsman. Reed man was the next man, and after getting 2 for a leg-tap he better earned the same number by cutting'Turner, As MoKibbin had beaten Roadman in tbe first innings he was at oncepnt on vice-Turner, but instead of getting Reedman he disposed of Hill, who banged a ball with terrific force tflL mid-on, where Coningham effected a splendid catch. As in the first innings, Clem, played perfectly, executing all his strokeB with the ease and criapneas of a master artist. His ipnings lasted two hours. So long as Hill was at the wickets the South Australians in dulged in dreams of victory, but with the left hander gone and only 123 up the prospect was not alluring, and less still was this the case when at 124 Jarvis was bowled by Howell. Evans had a Bhort stay, as, after making a couple of neat on-strokes, he placed the ball gently up to Mackenzie at cover. 7 for 129. With Fred Jarvis in, Reedman, who was playing in something like his true form, began to bustle along, and with a square-leg hit and a late cut he knocked 7 off one of McKibbin's overs. One more hit he made off McKibbin to the boundary before that dodgy bowler boat him with a leg break. Stumps were Jbhen drawn with the total at 148, Fred Jarvis not having scored.. Notwithstanding the great heat the Sydney fielding was brilliant, Kelly showing splendid form with the gloves. It were almost superfluous to extol the merits of McKibbin's bowling; figures speak more eloquently than words. Fourth Day.—Wednesday, December 23. Only those who are in the habit of indulging the wildest dreams thought the South Aus tralians had the slightest chance of defeating the New South Welshmen on Wednesday. With two wickets to fall 65 runs were still needed, and the optimists argued in this way— Jones and Fred Jarvis put on 91 for the last wicket against Victoria last season. Why, therefore, should they not be able to make 65 against New South Wales, especially as Jones has in the moantime learnt more of the seienceof batting? The weather, though muggy, was not so intensely unpleasant as on Tuesday. Two or three hundred people took advantage of the free gate, but they did not oven get value for their 'free admission, as ten minutes' play sufficed to finish the match. Jones opened to McKibbin, and finished the over by lifting the ball clear over the chains at long-on. Then, facing Howell, he made two cuts, each resulting in a 4, the first a pretty one behind point, the second passing over point's head. Three balls more and the match was finished. McKibbin's first ball completely beat Jarvis, and off his third Travers was easily stumped. The visitors therefore won by 51 runs. Scores:— New South Wales. First Innings. F. A. Iredale, b. Jones 0 A. C. Mackenzie, c. Ileedman, b. Evans 84 H. Donnan, b. Jones ... ... ... 86 A. Coninghara, b. Jones 0 8\. E. Gregory, b. Evans 0 J. J, Kelly, c. F. Jarvis, b. Jones 60 M. A. Noble, c. Darling, b. Evans 6 C. T. B. Turner, c. Darling, b. Evans ... ... 9 T. W. Garrett, run out 18 T. K. McKibbin, not out 7 W. Howell, b. Jones 3 Byes 2, leg-byes 3, no-ball 1 ... - 6 Total «i. ,,, ... ... «.. ,,, 162 THE FALL OF THE WICKETS. 12846 6 789 10 0 70 70 70 71 86 103 160 165 162 BOWLING. 0. M. R. W. Jones ... ... 26-1 6 49 6 Jarvis ... ... 17 2 64 — Giffen ... 1 1 — — Esans ... ... 12 2 47 4 Travers... 6 3 7 — Evans bowled a no-ball. South Australia. First Innings. J. Darling, c. Donnan, b. McKibbin F. Jarvis, d. McKibbin J. J. Lyons, b. Howell ... C. Hill, c. and b. McKibbin B. T. R. Bailey, c. McKibbin, b. Turner G. Giffcn, c. Kelly, b. McKibbin ... J. Reedraan, b. McKibbin A. E. H. Evans, c. Kelly, b. McKibbin A. H. Jarvis, c. and b. McKibbin ... E. Jones, b. Howell J. Travers, not ont Leg-bye 1, wides 2 Total If THa FALL OF TJIB WICKETS. 1 2 8466789 10 16 49 112 132 135 137 171 182 187 187 BOWLING. o. w. H. W. Howell ... ... 25 6 60 2 McKibbin ... 24*1 6 51 7 Coningham ...4 - ' 7 - Turner ... 18 2 68 1 Turner bowled 2 vrides. New South Wales. Second Innings. H. Donnan, c. and b. Evans A. C. Mackenzie, c. A. H. Jarvis, b. Jones F. A. Iredale, c. Darling, b. Travers S. E. Gregory, c. Giffen, b. Evans J. J. Kelly, ran out M. A. Noble, c. and b. Evans A. Coningham, c. Hill, b. Jones T. W. Garrett, c. Jones, b. Reedman C. T. B, Turner, b. Reedman T. R. McKibbin, not ont W. Howell, b. Reedman Byes 8, leg-byes 7... „. . ... ... 16 Total ... 237 THE FALL OF TIIF. WICKETS. 1 2 3 4 6 6 7 8 9 10 23 25 30 37 115 119 129 222 237 237 BOWLING. O. M. R. w. Jones ... ... 24 3 76 2 Evans 20 1 59 3 Giffen 13 1 47 — Travers 9 1 24 1 Jarvis 3 2 1 — Reedman ... 4'4 —• 15 3 Soum Australia. Second Innings. J. Darling, Lb.w., b. McKibbin J-J. Lyons, b. McKibbin ... ... ... . G. Giffen, c. Howell, b. McKibbin C. Hill, c. Coningham, b. McKibbin ... B. T. R. Bailey, c. Kelly, b. Turner ... J. Reedman. b. McKibbin A. H. Jarvis, b. Howell A. K. H. Evans, c, Mackenzie, b. McKibbin , F. Jarvis, b. McKibbin ... Travers, st. Kelly, b. McKibbin ,„ ... Jones, not out ... . Byes 2, leg-byes 6, wide 1 ... ... ... Total ... 16 THE FALL OF THE WICKETS. 12345678 9 10 X 4 33 106 123 124 129 148 161 161 O. H. R. W. Howell ... ... 23 6 63-1 McKibbin ... 23'3 C 74 8 ' Coningham ... 3 — 15 Garrett Z — <3 — Turner 3 1 6 1 Garrett bowled a wide. RESUL1S OP HATCHES. * Pulted, 12—New Sodth Walks, 8; South Australia, i is New Booth' Wales. South Austral'*. Won by. Feb. '06 ... Dec. '06 ... Syd. AdeL Syd. AdeL Syd. AdeL Syd. AdeL Syd. AdeL Syd. AdeL 240-06 tor 1 w. 406-27 tor 4 w. I215-62 {830 155-148 241-101: 337-148 335 118-234 102-247 239-336 320 428-173 for 1 w. 162-237 212-830 183-02 106-483 117-118 270-170 for 6 w. 804-160 162-184 K.S.W.,0w. N.S.W.,6w. S.A., la & 63 r. S.A.,67 r. N.S.W., in. &60r. 8\. A., 237 r. N.S.W., in. A168r. S.A., 4 w. N.S.W.lllr. N.S.W., in. &34r. N.S.W-10W. 400-200 187-161 N.B.W.,6lr. SUMHART. New South Wales, 4,015 runs for 184 wickets; average, 26*71. ,■ South Australia, 4,844 runs for 226 wickets; average, 21*43. 