CHAPTER II. One evening an unusual outburst of excitement disturbed the prevailing monotony of the Gap. The day's work was finished, and the camp was given over to merry-making and enjoyment - chiefly musical and bibulous. But suddenly the bars poured forth masses of grimy diggers ; half-naked figures emerged ghost-like from surrounding tents ; cat-like Chinamen flocked from hidden retreats ; and in a few moments a noisy, surging crowd had collected in the half-light outside a large tent which bore In front the sign " Nugget Hotel." That something unusual had occurred could easily be seen - something quite out of the ordinary level of the Gap's experience, as evidenced by the uproar and excitement Oaths, noisy demands for information, and catcalls testified to the interest the diggers evinced in the unusual disturbance. Gradually, however, the agitation settled down in a measure as particulars of the cause of the excitement passed from mouth to mouth, and in a short time there waa but one word on men's lips as they gathered together in animated discussion —the word "MURDER." By some horrible mischance of fate, a woman, a fortnight previously had found her way to the Gap. The less said of her the better. She was one of those unfortunates whose home is on the outskirts of civilisation, whose sum of existence Is one unenviable record of vice and immorality. The Gap had acknowledged her unexpected presence first in a spirit of derisive curiosity, then with the consciousness of unique possession and a lenient disregard for frailty and wrong-doing. But now all that remained to it of its sole representative of womanhood was a bloodstained mass of humanity, stretched out In death on the floor of the drinking saloon. The surging crowd, brought face to face with the horrible cause of the excitement, dispersed itself, after gratifying a first spirit of morbid curiosity, to stormy discussion and inquiry. But before It had time to centre Its energies on the matter a diversion was afforded by the appearance on the scene of the proprietor of the booth \- a short, thick-set man, with a broken nose and a harelip - who, bursting out hurriedly rom the tent, addressed the crowd with great vehemence : " I take you all to witness, boys, that this thing's happened unbeknown to me. It was Hoppy as did it. There's Joe and Greasy Stewart been inside all the time playing euchre with a Chinky, and they'll tell yer the same. Look here, boys, I'm ready to swear it agen Hoppy. He was with her all the evening. I'll swear It agen him in any court In the colony." In anticipation of this resolve he lost no time, but solemnly called upon heaven and earth, together with the several limbs and members of his body, in affirmation of the truth of the accusation. This tirade completed to his satisfaction, he turned to one of the men standing by, and said : " Have they sent for the magistrate, Soapy ?" The worthy so addressed nodded and said : " He ought to be here by now. There's some one gone for him." Perhaps one of the most noticeable features of social life at the Gap was the peculiar aptness of nickname that characterised each member of the community. Every fresh arrival at the camp, as soon as the taste and discrimination of the residents could unanimously decide on a fit and proper nickname, obtained one ; and this thenceforth totally replaced his more lawful patronymic. A good deal of choice humour was evinced in the selection of some of these names ; In fact, this sort of nomenclature was quite brought down to a science by the ruling humorists of Strahan's Gap. In the case of the worthy who had responded to the question of the host of the Nugget Hotel, the name "Soapy" had a certain significance. When the owner of It had first made his appearance in the camp he had excited hilarity, and even suspicion, among the miners by evincing an unusual and astounding predilection for the dally use of soap and water. This was a course of action so extraordinary, and so diametrically opposed to all the canons of custom and habit, that at the offset even derision was Mleneed for a time, and profound amazement, tempered with suspicion and mlstrust, alone greeted the unwonted proceedings. But no Immediate disastrous results ensuing, the Gap recovered Itself, and In a fit of retributive pleasantry dubbed the innovator by tha name of "Bar-of-soap," which subsequently, being found too cumbrous for dally use. was shortened to the more familiar "Soapy." In evidence of the truth of the statement advanced by this worthy, a st!r In the crowd and a general cry of "Here comes the doctor !" announced the approach of tbe local representative of the might and majesty of the law. As he pushed his way from the dark shadows outside Into the flickering half-light that the one sickly lantern hanging outside afforded, his appearance was remarkable and striking In the extreme. He was a man of Herculean stature, topping the crowd by fully a head, massive and ponderous of build, a very type of physical strength and vigour. A long flowing beard hid the lower part of his face, but the piercing eye, the straight linen of the note, Indeed the whole appearance of his tanned face spoke of a character full of determination and energy. His dress was not very different from that of the men around, except in the distinction of cleanliness. A pair of belted moleskin breeches Inclosed his lower person, while a blue striped Crimean shirt, thrown carelessly open at the neck, completed his costume. " What's the matter here ? Can't any one speak ?" exclaimed this individual, pushing his way hastily through the crowd. " It's Roaring Sal been murdered, doctor," answered Soapy. "She's lying there inside." " Murdered ?" " Ay ; so they say." " Come : clear out of the road, some of you," shouted the doctor. " Let me get to the woman. Where's Dan Gribblet ?" The proprietor of the drinking booth stepped forward at the summons. " Here I am. Is that you, doctor ?" " Ay." " Come on, then ; she's lyln' Inside. I want to take you to witness that the thing's happened unbeknown to me. You're the perlice magistrate, and I want to swear it agen Hoppy Steve. It was him as did it. Come inside, doctor. Come inside, boys. There ain't anything secret about it. I'm goin' to swear a Information about Hoppy to the doctor; " and he emphasised his statement with the usual accompaniment of profanity. " Shut up !" growled the doctor roughly. " You have too much Jaw altogether, And you," he continued, addressing the crowd more roughly still, " you'd better keep outside and not interfere. And shut up your row, too." With that he disappeared inside the booth, accompanied by the proprietor, who still persevered in noisy protestations of his innocence of the affair and accusations against Hoppy Steve. The crowd outside, silenced in a measure by the all-powerful doctor's words, waited impatiently for results. Evidently the first action of the Police Magistrate was to clear the room of Intruders, for those who had forced their way inside came surging out and joined those outside. The crowd, thus augmented, proceeded to discuss the particulars of the murder from conflicting points of view, with much argument and animadversion. Soon, however, the doctor made his appearance from Inside, and a general silence ensued. " Does any one know anything of this affair ?" he asked curtly. " I do," responded a voice from the crowd. " Who's I ?" " Joe - Alligator Joe," answered the voice ; " and there's Greasy Stewart and Chowder Bill, and Ah Ling. We was all there." " All right," said the doctor, " I shall want you to come with me. Does any one know where Hoppy Steve is ?" " He's lying drunk in Corrigan's shanty," responded another voice. " He's all right there for tonight. He won't move till morning." " Are you sure he's safe for the night ?" " Ay ; he won't move- not a inch ; you can take my word for that," responded the same voice. " Well, we'll leave him for tonight then. Look here, boys, this is a case of murder. It's the first time anything of the kind's occurred here, and we've got to see it through. This woman's been murdered, and it seems that that scoundrel Hoppy Steve has done it. I'm going to have a trial tomorrow, and if it's brought home to him he'll get the rope for it. Any of you that know anything about it had better turn up here at 10 o'clock tomorrow, and we'll sheet it home to the brute. Don't make any row about it, but keep your eyes on the cross-eyed skunk and see that he doesn't clear out of the camp. Now break up, boys, and clear out of this ; Joe, you get Greasy Stewart and the others, and come to my tent." And without more words the speaker broke through the crowd and disappeared. Public excitement was rife all that evening. The popular incentives to enjoyment that were generally in vogue after nightfall were on this occasion almost entirely abandoned. The cheery strains of cracked fiddles, wheezy accordions, and unreliable concertinas, that usually resounded throughout the camp, were dumb during the whole of that evening. The Gap found enough amusement in profane discussion of the crime, in speculation as to its probable results, and minutiae of its details. The numerous drinking booths did a roaring trade, especially the two which contained the murderer and all that remained of the victim of the crime. Diggers labouring under an overpowering sense of morbid curiosity alternated feverishly between the Nugget Hotel - where lay a motionless heap covered with a dirty blanket - and Corrlgan's booth, where, huddled up in a state of bestial intoxication, was a depraved lump of humanity, which, when sober, answered to the name of Hoppy Steve. 