OUR PRECIOUS PRIMATE. PILLORIED BY A PASTOR. Dudley, the Denouncer, DOES NOT DREAD BISHOPS, BUT SMITES sauxarez shith AND ALL SLY, SLEEK SWUFFLERS. THE PRIMATE AND THE PLEDGE. A Real Pastor-nh« Follows the Steps of the ffisster-A Good Shepherd — Seeks Ont and Shelters the LostSheep— Tine Brotherhood Mission — Its Founder and its Career — Work in Newcastle and Sydney — A Record of Good WorEt — Snubbed by Snufllcbnsters. Dudley Dares to Doubt the Bona fides of Big-Bellied Bishops, and Pharisaical Preachers, Whom he Pulverises. Conbidebable interest has been evolcci within the put few weeks by the outspoken, biting criticism of Bishop Saumarez- Smithby a neatly -attired, gowned street preacher, who takes his stand, usually on . Saturdays, between 1 and 2 p.m., at Moore-street, or at Bathurst- street on Saturday and Sunday evenings, and in vigorous, plain English .denounces the reprehensible, idle luxury of the clergy of the established churches, from Anglican BISHOP ' BOB-CAB ' SMITH downwards. Especially caustic fire tbis preacher's animadversions npon the ntter ance of the Primate upon his own attitude on the drink question. Conceiving that a man who dared defy the ndghty Bishop to his solemn face must be somewhat of a character, whose opinion and methods would be ?ell worth knowing, a representative of Troth waited npon him at; hi* 'Mission Home,' 41 Crown-street, Woolloomooloo, and asked him if he would repeat the pith of his argument against the parsons and their High Priest for the benefit o£ the readers of this paper. Mr Dudley, who ii a young man of some 32 years, active, and earnest looking. PASTOR DUDLEY. , was only too pleased to do so ; and to farther explain his work and its results. Judging from a glance round the premises, and a talk with their eloquent superintendent, Ur. Dudley and his LITTLE BAND OF PAUPER HELPERS are doing the master's bidding in a most disinterested manner. In reply to the request, the missionary plunged eagerly into the subject he feels eo strongly upon; quoting ofi the reel, from memory, largely from scripture, and evidently having his heart in his utterances. ' Is it possible that I have found in yonr paper a medium that will dare phblish the ROUGH-HEWN TRUTHS OF CHRIST? If He was here would you pnblish Him, re gardless of consequences, or would you, with the present day Pharisees, cry, ' Take Him to Darlinghurst and flog him 1 ' Tour paper cpells Tbuth. Then, sir, I am glad to think that you will find space for truth. 'At the Local Option Demonstration held at the Oentennary Hall, Sydney, on Thurs day, October 26, the Primate presided, and prefaced his remarks with words to this effect-1- 'He was neither a total abstainer nor a prohibitionist He did not believe in the Tabid enthusiasts. He was one who many years ago had joined the Ohurch of England temperance Society, and had done his utmost in support of the work of that body,' ?WHAT A REVELATION! A member of a Temperance Society, yet a moderate drinker I (A man to holcl the temperance pledge in one hand and a bottle in the other), and this by a Bishop I Neither hot nor cold. This is Ira dog turning to. its own vomit, or the sow to her wallowing in the mire. lSow the raison d' etre of the meeting was to *!%ke action to bring about the closing of ?jj .but how? Not by compenssting the vuljli'.-u With lucre, but by giving tiro years iiotice to Boniface io clear ont. The Primate must know- that to say what shall be done two years hence iB not apposite, bntin diroot contradiction to Christ's teachings.- Each speaker on this occasion testified of the bavoo drink caused in our midst to- day— that tnen, women, and children are victims of this cursed evil, and murdered day by day in our very city, yet they would give the ?f.-M.lng two years to carry on the slaughter. For why 1 Because GOLD IS MORE THAN iSOULS to idolators that serve Mammon and not God- I* was when this resolution had been ?proposed by the Bev F. B. Boyce, and about to be seconded, that I arose in the body of the ball. I spoke these words, as reported by the ' Sydney Morning Herald ' ' 'Mr I,! 8. Dudley, of the Brotherhood Mission, ?aid he took this liberty in the name of Christ. If their great Leader was there, if Christ was there, Be would not nave nor second a resolu tion whioh would put by for two years the sweep ing away of the hotels: ' All the m.nty in the colony was not worth one soul. . (Cries of ' Order,' «nd uproar,) ?' Now, sir, these HOWLING- PRIESTS AND PHARISEES smothered my vcilce, and even threatened to throw me out, therefore I am glad of this opportunity to finish what, I would fain then have said, that, 'if : weare to compensate, let us do so with the Golden 'Calf and not the souls of men. I am sure that Christ would say the same, and I anamore certain the same. cry would be raised, ' Order,* put fcim out. AWAY WITH HIM. CRUCIFY BCIM I' Am I a slanderer; do I speak evil f Then it is not for me to tell this Bishop what steps he should take, as the Scripture tells him plainly what he should do, iflbesuch % one. Here Is the Gospel for him i— ' For there an many unruly and vain talkers and deceivers; especially they of the oirmunetaion, I *ho*e month* must b» stopped; who tabvnt ! . which t^yonght not for filthy lucre's sake. Thie witness is true, wherefore rebuke them sharply that they may beeound in the faith.'— Titua 1, 10-13. BISHOP. ARE YOU -BHIS? Are yoa what God requires you to be for your office 7 Of souse it Is not for me to tell yon. Christ is the Lord, and there is none other, and He had no where to lay his head. In those days there were Bishops who had spare bed rooms and beds. They did not invite Him in. How are you ofi for ?pare beds ? There are strangers without '1 Then again J' Then in the audience of all the people He said unto His disciples, ' Beware of the Scribes which desire to walk in long robes, and love greetings in the markete, and the highest seats in the synagogues, and the chief rooms at feasts ; which devour widows' houses, and for a show make long prayers; the same shall reoeive grater damnation.' ' — Luke 20 ch., 46, 47 v. ' Christ never taught these men, of what ever denomination they may- be, to live in the manner they do. Can yon find where Be or His disciples had hones and carriages, and were paid by a given number ? Can you say that Christ did er taught His disciples to drive about in carriages, while there are hobbling on our footpathB old and young not knowing how to get one leg after another, to say nothing of the poor things who have not Been the outside o| their home for many a day, and in Ame cases years ; and we do see and know these things, can we wonder that Christ pronounces them liars and reprobates. DUMB DOGS THAT CANNOT BARK. They will feast at your table, while their lives are full of adultery. Yes, they have become, like of old, proselytes to a system diabolical. They stand monuments and monsters of disobedience to tbe holy laws and life that they preachto a people. Thus the perniciousness of these causes and accelerates the pompsusness and vanities seen in our churches. Fashion running mad, with its corrupted ordinances. The churches and cathedrals, outside and in, speak of splendor, wealth of unjust stewards, filthy lucre, and revenues stolen and hoarded from the masses (Christ's poor). LIKE NEBUCHADNEZZAR OF OLD, they want obedience to its corrupt and beastly ordinances, or be burned and damned. And the reason is not far to seek why church and state are in this horrible condition. A premium is held out for learn ing and talent of this world, and it stimulates all by its .horrid pride, that men may attain to degrees, high positions, and titleB of this eartb. Christ is nowhere I Men do not re quire to follow ' the lowly and hnmble carpenter's Son. Church and. state thns pro claim by their very life what they do not believe, and libel the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The English Church stands an imitator of the Church of Borne, with STOLEN FORMALITIES AND TITLES. reprobate to the Ohurch of Christ ; yet would have yoa believe it was pure and follows the-lowly Jesus, who taught anything but pomp, rejects domination does not require craft, wealth, or force to maintain it, but did subsist, and can subsist, without any artificial means. No reforms can take place in the churches in our land, whilst the wealthy hold the reins of power over the Church and State; pastors' mouth are stop ped with filthy lucre ; THE MASSES, BY POWDER AND SHOT. Instead of seeing and hearing men preach ing, and working for Christ and the good of their fellaw-man, and relying upon. God and His Word, they preach for filthy lucre ; are controlled as to how they shonld preach. Thus the Gospel is sucked, licked, swallowed, and then spewed up by these monsters, who sell themselves, damn the Church, and are fatal to true religion. Thus they are enemies to Christ and their neighbor, liars and re probates ! There have been good men, and there are good men, I suppose; but their usefulness has been loBt in the great sea of Pharisee hood. The Church stands to-day A POMPOUS PHARISAICAL MONUMENT ; an object of wonder for its strange ways aid doctrines. It has affixed to it the stamp of disgrace, brought abont by hirelings, earthly princes, and legal heads. Their scandalous conduct shows them to be of Baal, following the footsteps of their fore fathers, making the path of licentiousness and debauchery more dark, dissipated, and slippery than ever with its corruption. THE FLAG-LIEUTE NANT. ^ '. SO MUCH FOR THE! BISHOP. - Now to answer yonr queries as to my own work. As to my status before, the world, I have none. I simply took up the work when, after a sojourn in' Australia, I went home' to London (where I was born), and * as there 'born again.' 1' remembered the grand field of MY DAYS OF DARKNESS in Australia, and I returned hither in 1884, working mole-like in. Sydney among the poor, until an advertisement ia the Herald, asking for an energetic Christian for a country mission, canght my eye. i I was ac cepted, and was sent by the Reverend (?) W. G. AdamB to Toronto, Lake Macqnarie. He told me he had three preachings in the dis^ trict— at Toronto, Teralba, and Johnson's Bay. When I arrived there (with a wife and five children) I found that he had mis led me, and that there were no congregations at all, the 'reverend'. gentleman hailing jast ? SPLIT WITP THE FREE METHO DISTS in the district. After preaching in tbe Toronto School of Arts for eight weeks, I felt a call to the ' outcast poor in Newcastle, and' answered it. I landed in Newcastle with only five Shil lings between me and starvation. I went te | work, an utter stranger, and with anything bnt encouraging prophecies from those to , whom I looked for aid, and In a oonple ol days I wan FJSD 60 MEN in thedty Hall. Meeting with unexpected i sneeess, 1 vm joon able to take wwlsi [aa d fit ttnm up m a shelter Jionw mi 4wtt» , tute, lost men. This I. called ' Xhe Brother hood Mission Home ;' and this I maintained by my own exertions, principally, for 18 months. During this period I SHELTERED 16,000 DESTITUTE MEN and gave food to 11,000. I say 'food' ad visedly, for I cannot pretend to call my refection 'meals.', .Needless to say, roast duck or turtle soup do not enter into the menu— not to say with any frequency, that is. Then came that DREADFUL STRIKE OF THE COL LIERS; and I found myself absolutely unable to continue. Of course, the regular parBckiB would not assist or even countenance me or my work. They do not like the methods of Christ, or Christ unadul terated, in preaching or practice. During the whole time I was slaving to feed and enlighten the 'submerged tenth' in the coaly city, there was but one parson of the many existing churches who called at the mission, and that despite numerous invita tions. And this one. He went away solemnly impressed, and promising a speedy retnrn ; but up to the present that promise is unfulfilled. So much for the devotion to Christ's work of these Pastors, or Shepherds I I came then, still hoping, to Sydney, where I commenced operations on exactly the same lines. ' WE WERE SEVEN.' And welanded in Sydney with jnst seventeen shillings among us ; so you will be able to understand that ours is not a vast financial concern. Nor do I see bow true followers of Jbbus can accumulate wealth. THE PASTOR (In Full Canonicals-) OUR FIRST PITCH - was on the top Hoot of a store in Woolloo mooloo. After being there -a fortnight we found suitable premises here where you find us, at 11 Crown-street. We nightly shelter an average of 50 men. Since we commenced (September 27) we have sheltered 2300. and given food to 2030\. The demand on onr resources increases each day, and I need hardly say that the task of collecting sufficient money and vic tuals gets heavier and more heavy. You ask me THE OBJECT OF THE MISSION. The object is very simple. It has been founded on a long-felt w&rit; of Kppealing to the better feelings of tbe destitute by means of deeds in lieu of words. I hold ont a' help ing hand to all Buch who convince me, after the close observation of a few days, that they have got still some manhood left in them. If tbey are willing to meet me half way, I am doing my level best to lift them out of the mire, by giving them every op portunity^ regain their self-respect. DRUNK OR SOBER, I TAKE THEM IN to the Shelter, wash and feed them, and see whether they nse the temporary freedom from distress to their own obvious advantage. The Mission, so far, has proved Very useful as a preventive of crime and despair. When a fellow-creature sinks so low. that almost everybody turns from him with loathing— that is the exact point at which the thought of crime is most frequently conceived, and soon after executed. One of the best aims of the Mission being to take as much work as possible out of the hands of the prison authorities, by timely preventive treatment, before the stigma of criminality is fixed to an already too heavily weighted fellow creature. OUR BOOKS ARE OPEN FOR IRSPECTION by any person interested, and I don't think the most censorious critic conld point to anything like extravagance or 'wrongful conversion.' Without any maudlin sentimentalism, in placing faith in mere .worldly assertions, I can safely say that my method of influencing by material things is destined to be a big success. What I need is scope for extending its usef slness, and more liberal patronage on the part of those who are in a position to help me. I should like yon to pnblieh my views on one subject of vital importance. I am hostile to the nse of the oath in religious ceremonials or judicial ^roceedure. It is dead against the teachings of our Savionr. It is a REVERTING TO THE MOSAIC LAW,_ and actually tantamount to 'denying Christ' I am not ' down on ' the church as the church ' I simply protest against alleged minister* failing to minister but to their own bellies' their own comfort. In this matter of oaths' their standard Book is my authority, and those who so pervert its teachings write ' LIE ' across its sacred pages. . .. You asked me, when we started this talk, if I was an ordained minister. I am not a clergyman ordained by any existing temporal church, but still am a duly authorised minister, REGISTERED ANNUALLY, LIKE A DOG. Thus, I have just as much legal status as hi* Lordship the Primate, who lives in' a palace and never gees, let alone tries -to save, or to teach or feed, a poor man. These steal the title of - Lord,*' whereas I give1 that title to the only One Lord— my God I 