? CBXPTEE IV. ' AS A , STJEANGERj A^OUGST THEM ' ' The keen, clear, frosty air echoed ? with 'the' clanging of the joy-bells. The brilliant, wintry' sunlight that illumined tlief air domain of princely Clydesdale - streamed down upon. fluttering flags and gaily-decorated arches. It was the day on which the squire's .grandson and long^ un- known heir -was expected to arrive at the Court, and all the village made heroic efforts to' fitly celebrate the occasion. ' 'TJp at the great house all was excitement. Sir Clifford had in tended to go in person to London, to meet the travellers there ; but at the last moment he had V decided to send his secretary, Gabriel, instead. He -was afraid of unbending to do too much honor to an actress. 1 The newcomers were not expected until late iu the day, and Esme found the time hang heavily on her hands. A great unrest took ' pos session of her. -To remain in' the house 'was out of the question, and,' taking her skates, she set off across the frozen snow to ' Avhere the river lay silent and dark beneath its im penetrable surface of hard, white It was already crowded with skaters, and Esme 'was soon darting to and fro among the others, her graceful forriv and bright face clearly distinguishable. The exer cise had brought a brighter flush to her cheeks, a brighter sparkle to her eye. She 'was simply lovely. '' Such, at least, was the thought bf'the man who stood upon the bank, watching her graceful figure moving amid 'the crowd. ' He was ' a young man; of two or three and twenty at the most, with a dark, foreign-looking face, the real beauty of ?which ^was somewhat marred by its effeminate expression ; and yet, as he watched her, he ceased to be a boy, and became a inan, with a man's passionate capacity for loving and a man's determination to win a woman's heart. Suddenly through1 tho frosty air there came a loud, sharp sound, like the report of a gun ; then a shrill scream of terror rose ; and, in an instant, the whole' scene ' changed af if by magic Where above the smoothly -white ice graceful forms had glided, a great dark rift now showed like an open grave, in which ar crowd of helpless, reckless human' beings struggled selfishly for life. Among them was Esme. ? For an instant -the watcher on . the bank ' saw; her' clinging with * frantic hands to the jagged edges of the broken ice, saw her white, fear-filled facexvpraised imploringly to the cold, cruel sky. Then, her numbed hold related' she sank he fore his eyes, into the depths of that awful rift. Whatever his faults might be, cowardice was not one them .Almost before any could realise what had happened, he had flung oft' his fuiv triniined overcoat, arid, plunging in ? had dived beneath the ice. ;? .'? Those who -watched held their .breath in terror, ; never doubting ? that he was lost, too' ; but as their 'fears grew into certainties, he rose froni the depths.' and' a 'great 'hysterical cheer 'rent the breathless ,; stillness as they saw that he. held ,' Bone's- senseless forni in his arms: , A hundred strong hands were outstretched speedily to drug them ? both in, safety on to the bank. . ??' '? '..?*?. * : * .. *?? ?*'? ?'. '?; .' JTJp at the Court; Sir Clifford spent that morning in deep thought. Christmas has many memories for . us^all — painful for some, pleasant for 'others, interesting for all. ' To 'the old baronet these memories had* never had so niuch power as now. It seemed as though the ghosts of the past had risen to haunt him. He thought of his dead son as a little child whom he had been so proud of, and with the. _memory his old love awakened in renewed force, and deep in his hea^t^vere vain regrets for the anger and thtNp^assion that had parted them. \ ' '? I will atone to Carleton's son for the wrong I did io CaiJeton,' ' thought' the baioiiL't.N ' Heaven grant he is worthy of ray lo\ e. I 'ehall,ask no more.' i To be continued. 