SPORTING NEWS TUBF KOTES. CBx OfEsider.) Tasman, the llacfcay liorse. is «rid eniilj- a useful son' of The Hake. Mr. E. Monalian who owned tlie sire, says Taxman is the same color and style, but does not show Che same quality as The naif. The finiji on life nose too would require to be. more pro wwneed- Tsusmaai is a veiy Song strid ing: 'horse,, and attracted uracil favor able notice, Jnii be was evidently sof ferinjr from tils eea. journeys, and had oot settled do wo.. He ehouM be Terr bandy .ox tin? HowrtErille meeting. Henrltm. 13ie Cainns representative here, as a tendsome Wa<± torse, and quite surprised Itoe (raHlic in 4ihe Fly 4ns Handicap last TOransday- He was rery fractious at thopast, ran unkindly to within a fnrtanjr from inome, and mas not tiionsht to huve <iie ghost of a ohaar-e. AM at once lie took % Into tils head to try, and the way be cat out tiro last ISO yards, was a. cau tion ; such a brilliant dash lias not Been, seen mere tor a long Tune. Waterloo is evidently running i«itn form; lie iraB very big and lusty ; a sood sii.-my tiKMijrlit. Ihe was Huo big, bat the trainer, Jos. Hughes, knew best, and desores credit Cor *toe way lie tanned the colt out. Knlflinia seems to be ible to etsmd up to bis work ; lie made a. big (bid for the Spring Handicap, and after a. des peitate tussle, was 'just (too good for Calm in tic October Handicap. CaSmi ran consstentiy on TJiursdaj-, but ebe eeems to stop when Uie weiglitis {jet over Sst 71b. Old Harvester is an unlucky iborse, tbe lost twice be has been well backed, bat tag always managed to ran up against someHiing better than bim seif. ChumpkiinR. n-Jio irao 4foe Welter on TlnmaJayi is a, fine, big. upstanding by Wonrict. and- was bred by Mr. John Alining, I do not ftwtry lie win ever be vorx fa^t, but I bcEevc be win cony weigilt and stay, Jie mould [be a good eorr to <tate to Croydon, [ ulieto riiere are nice prizes to be won. 13ie ]>rinjcipal winners an T2iuxsday were :-3. Hashes, f 145, T. B. Searnp, £50, J. M. Carroll, £45; T. Flynn £35; H. Wtumemindc, £35.. and: H. Drew £29. Hw uioNt successful riders on IdjiUHfUiy were HiH <2>, Monroe, Bden, Wliybird, Weidermami and Smitli, «me each. Ok! DoD32eCts. 2ms beeo- in con stant training- Cor alwat five ireacs, is as game as a pelVWe. TaraugBi be Treat out on TJraraday with a cracked Jjoot, he a) ever fliacbed, and finished a good fonrfii in the big: event. Tlie adnuuage of proutjw enquiry iaao any race in which. anything un usual lias occurred vas denumsHBteJ on Thursday. Physician in, the S&olts; -was voted a. certainty, and those who laid odds on considered liiey -snere tamply pict tne up inonej-. Tliev weren't; some lx>1v else T>Iefc«l St im nn^ no cerieiitriy got a raj bad start Oor tlicir money ilip^r numeral the wonl -stiff." ajnd woo those unifflterestod - wondered AT Phyrftiae's slowness Iroiu flic mark, Had uvUthi^ he<m done m> ishoold al ways Jiavc heard Teferenres 4a "Tlic Physician incident" liy <;nspiciouif or malicious people. Fortunately flip inquiry was pwxmptly jheM. -md tJjc er_ ideiice pf ijio srarter and the four rideis. (fHK-lusSvoly sUion-ed ttmit tie liwses were rijsta wiiaa die toanier went op ; buttliian Drayton turned tiic UTGJlg \V:l!V. (led illic]l3Ilond> hnmpo^ into MiysicSau just <us flits famritc »vas jteginnSnf to more; wiitli lost. 71b. up cmd knocked off his pSns, tiwrc is no wonder Quecu Cross got iu>r lead. Ill siur case j beJaere Queen Cross would liuvc won itlie Sborte. Mr. Hay wiio kuoh 14itu> form of the pair, tSwroasiily, sane Piiyaciaj] lost and the mane 7a. 10B>.; if, Tvitk u. Tib. penally up, Ebysiciaii -was really an odds on chance, thp liaudieapper -would have Wuiiderad seriously. Queen Cross ivjis reiy jatun'wcm in the Fl<r faff for the first» furlongs. and iu the Shorts she met PJiyjacian on 111U bet ter Terms. T3»ere was EL mSstafcp at the post all ri^M. but the odds on bac faere of Hie big fcHoir inade ci mistake too. The Spring campaign commences to-day in Victoria. Hopscotch should win tlie Caulfield Shakes nitdi lieso lote next INewJiareu, if well, cannot ink^ tlie i&ulnea;*:. Action tnay take tin? Toomk Handicap, and Mei ford and Fleet Admiral appear tiic most likely in the Debntant Stakes. '.Mr Finnic, at appears, lias sold Xewfcold, ifoc double winner lieire last year; to so to West Australia. He is a Teal good fiandicap iionse, and shoqld win races over tdiero. I fiear Calm lias been sold lo Mr. JUiert, of Cas$ilte. Tiie price is said to be £200, and £50 out of tlie first win. BRISBANE, Friday. Tlie raceJioise XtwlxjM bag been sold to Mr Cii.-iml, of West 'Australia. 