Sport Saturday's racing, brimful of interest and good performances, turned out some fast times and furious finishes. W. R. Wilson's brilliant colt Resolute, starting at odds of 7 to h on, ran a great race in the September Stakes, when he beat the New Zealand horse, Bloodshot. Bloodshot, a small horse by Maxim, who challenged Foxtail's brother very pluckily in the straight, but was as fat as a pig, and want of condition, stood in his way. He will improve by Cup time, and will beat more than beat him. He has 8st. 121b. in each Cup, and carried 9st. on Saturday. The fact that Resolute was heavily backed to win the Melbourne Cup right out on Friday, largely accounted for him going out such a strong September Stakes fancy, and the way he ran shows that Newhaven can hardly expect a walkover in the Derby. Perhaps one of the finest finishes seen for years was Duhallow's run at the end of the Stand Handicap half a furlong from home, the Sheet Anchor horse seeming not to have the ghost of a show, the race appearing to be at the mercy of Excel, but with a marvellous run Duhallow cut him and Canoona, a western district champion, down and got home a half head winner. Duhallow's fine performance has brought him into much favor for the Caulfield Cup, and with only 7st. 31b. he seems to have an undeniably good chance. Another Sheet Anchor horse to win at Flemington was Botany Bay, who, steered by J. 0. Inglis, easily beat a good field. Two Derby candidates also scored wins on Saturday, Resolute in the V.R.C. September Stakes, and James' well bred filly, Princess of Wales, in the Adelaide H. C. Open Handicap. Devlin still does well with his Sunrise horses, Ganmain, who won tne A.J.C. Racecourse Stakes, being by that sire out of the clever mare Dorothy. He cut out the seven furlongs in 1.29J, so must be good. • Joe Webster had a great crowd at Ascot on Monday. One or two barefaced things occurred, but as the stewards happened to be awake in two events, the rogues did not escape scot free. The ,£50 Newmarket Cup was won (after a dead heat) by Teranague, who is identical with the ex-Gippslander Mosley. The gentleman with the glass eyes who controls Ascot, expects to have a record attendance at his <£250 Handicap meeting. The Tasmanian Gaming Bill does not apply to any lottery conducted through the P.O. in accordance with the regulations. So we shall still be able to flutter our pound to catch Dame Fortune's eye, per favour of John Adams. George Palmer has been engaged for the coming season as ground bowler by the Northern cricket association, Launceston. 