A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN’S NOTES. (From the S.A. Rcgister.) I have been staying a week or two at Hannan’s, and really the number of South Australians one meets there is astonishing. I was in the billiard-room at the club there, and out of the 24 gentlemen present no less than 12 hailed from Adelaide. Out on the mines, too, the South Australians are to the fore. They get their full share everywhere of the good things going, and as bank olerks their name is legion. Much adverse comment is current bore in regard to the manner in which the banks work their officials. There is scarcely a bank in either city or country which does not seem to be shamefully undermanned. Talk about cruelty to animals. There isn’t much worse crnelty than is practised here by those highly respectable institutions the banks. It is somewhat amusing—that is if you are not a shareholder—to take a turn aronnd the mines. It is calculated by those who know that with few exceptions every bit of work done costs about double what it onght to do. Men utterly unused to mining accept with lying alacrity the most responsible positions, and then begin to loaf the hours away with the most patient indifference. Drivo up unexpectedly to a mine, and yon usually see one man at a windlass leisurely surveying the country from the top of a mullock heap, occasionally shouting words of cheer to his mate below. To most of such mines a captain is appointed. He has probably from four to eight men under him. He is not expected to work himself, and often enough he does not seem to regard it as any part of his duty to make others work. He is paid for lying in his tent reading and banging away the flies with a mallee branch; at least one would suppose so from the assiduity with which he performs this task. Take five mines out of 10 and get the work done valued, and compare the cost with what it ought to have cost, and the shareholders would be ill for a week. But then who knows* Do the directors! Does the secretary ’ What need of a captain over every little mining property ? If some trouble were taken could not adjacent properties be worked under the general supervision of some good man, the payment of whose salary could be shared by the whole, aud then let the individual mines have a good practical miner as foreman. A time is coming, and that rapidly, too, when in order to pay dividends expenses must be kept down, and the strictest personal supervision must bo exercised. Let those who are responsible in Adelaide ask themselves what they really know of the cost of the work done, as compared with what it ought to cost, of the time taken to do things, compared with what it ought to take. A little serious thought on those matters would, I am sure, result in drastic changes. Some of the directors send their secretaries round now and then, but what do they know abont mining—the majority «f them *—they are only office men. If some of tho com panies would only combine and send round every now and then a competent and indepen dent inspector to examine and report, the in creased activity which would result would pay for the cost over and over again, and the noble army of mining captains would come out of their tents and bustle around a bit. Criticism of this kind is not, of course, capable of uni versal application, but I have visited scores of mines, and in the majority of instances I have seen from captain downward but little energy or push, and the whole system wants altering badly if shareholders are ever to get the ghost of a dividend. The mines about Hannan’s are doreloping wonderfully well; not a week passes without the making public of some now discoveries which enhance the value of many properties. The presence of gold in large and payable quantities must now be admitted by even the most eantious of our critics, who have lately changed their tone considerably. We grant, they say, the gold, but what about the water ? Many fight very shy of this subject, and “Smiling put the qu-stion by.” Await developments, they say water will be got in the mines themselves at depth suffi cient for each mine’B battery requirements. Let us hope they will prove true prophets, but ask them to back their opinions by betting sixpence, and see where they are. The water question is without doubt a most serious one, aud the more gold you know you have which c-n only be won by the aid of water the greater the anxiety to get the water. Tho dry processes which have been attempted ou tho field have failed. Anew process was re ferred to by the chairman of the Western Australian Trading Syndicate at the share holders’ meeting in London the o'her day a3 “ a really marvellous invention.” It will do away with all crushing, .stamping, and pulverising as hither practised, and will enable a miner to reduce the hardest quar'z to a condition of Rand, aud oven a fine flour, without producing the usual slime and mud. The process is called the “ Ore Automatic Deduction Process,” and it is claimed that the quartz can be reduced with the simplest possible machinery, costing only a few pounds, at a cost of about Gd a ten. It reads a bit too good to be true, but this is what Air 11. L. Goodman said at a meeting of the West Aus tralian Trading Syndicate the other day. The Forrest Government’s proposal to supply the goldfields with water at a coat of *2,500,600 is still lindar discussion by the Council. It is a gigantic scheme, and means the use of no less than 90,000 tons of pipes alone, besides large quantities of cement; and it mean3 from 15,000 to 20,000 tons of fuel a year to run the pumping machinery. • The port of Fremantle is already blocked, aad steamers have had to wait 60 or 70 days before being discharged; and the railway lines are blocked too. With the additional trade that this large quantity of material will involve delays are sure to arise, and the pro spect of completing the work in three years is not a hopeful one. Many private schemes are in tho air, but the Government do not seem to favor any of them. All that is asked is reser vation of useless land for catchment areas nnd the right to put down pipes; but no. Sir John Forrest has a very strong crotchet against privato enterprise, and that is enough. Sir John is everybody. True, the experience of the Western Australian people has been most unsatisfactory in the past in regard to wnrk3 undertaken by private syndicates. They, have been granted big concessions of land; they have failed to carry out their - promises and undertakings; they have squabbled and fought with the Government, and their one desire and aim seems to have been in far too many cases to sell out to the State at a big profit to themselves. But it doesn’t follow that because such things have been in the past they are likely to be in the future. Surely experience has taught the Western Australians how to make better bargains by this time. One great argument in favor of allowing private enterprise to construct the waterworks for supplying the goldfields is that the large amount of money which the State will require to borrow will about smother the resident Western Australians it the gold fields should after all prove a failure. Up to the end of 1893 the population was about 60,000, of whom it is fair to infer that not above 12,000 were able-bodied taxpaying men. If tho goldfields fail the population will soon diminish to somewhere abont those figures again. Such a thing is possible, but not probable. If it come abont how will they be able to bear such a burden of debt? Ought they to risk it ’ Wouldn’t it be wiser to say we will allow private capitalists from outside to spend their money as they aro willing to do. If they lose we don't suffer. If we lose we are ruined. Failing the gold, there is absolutely nothing to keep people in Western Australia in num bers. The soil is, bo far as I have seen it, and I have travelled much, absolutely unsuited for either agriculture or pasture, exo9pt in very small patches here and there, and in many places where the sand ie good the timber is so heavy that it would cost far more to clear it than it would be worth when cleared. Does anybody suppose if there were any indus tries possible in Western Australia connected with the land whioh would maintain a large or even moderate population, that after some 70 years of existenoa as a colony its popula tion would be so small? It iB not indolence or apathy or want of enterprise that has kept Western Australia back; it is the fear fully barren country the settlers have had to deal with; and if the gold fails, thß struggle with nature will have to be renewed with enormously increased liabilities in the shape of taxation, much of whioh might have been avoided by allowing private capitalists to come in and share the risk. If I were an old colo nist with taxable possessions in Western Australia, I would do my best to convert Sir John Forrest in this direction at any rate, becanse I believe he is unconscionsly, and with the very best of intentions, allowing his fad to beclond his sturdy patriotism and manly common sense. As regards ordinary people, the cry is “Still they, come ” —hundreds every week—and the country _ is quietly absorbing them all. Mechanios and miners are more in request than ever. Everywhere, at Perth, at Cool gardie, at Hannan’s, in out-of-the-way little townships, the sound of the hammer and the ring of the trowel are the marching music of progress. There is room for all, except the dissolute, and the people who are too idle to do a reasonable amount of work —more is not asked of them. Unfortu nately the lowest classes of rognes and rascals of both sexes have been coming in large num bers of late, and robberies with violence are becoming very common. But all things con sidered the goldfields are most orderly, and you would see as fine a body of men there as there is.in Australia, and. perhaps in the worldj " 