WALLARAH IdINERS. Union on the War Path. lir. Thomas Parton, manager of the WaE larah Colliery, writes as follows:-Aecording to tlhe report in your issue of the 7th inst., the miners' delegate board had under con sideration my letter, the substance of which was so fairly laid beforo your readurs on the 4th. The result of their deliberations was as follows: " After the delegate had exjlaincd the circumstances of the case, moeu tioning among other things the threats of ejeetment, it was dcoided to send the substance of the letter for the consideration of the lodges without recom mondation. The delegates were agreed that the conditions were different, and than the men were likely to be subject to extra ordinary hardships, but they thought it. necessary to have the pit idle uutil sunch time as Mr. Parton was prepared to pay something near the 1888 agreement, ii not the full terms of it." I have given the miners every oppor tunity of disoussing the asholo question, have had many oonsultalions with them, collectively and individually, havo also given their officiils all the reasons for my conten tion, and what is the result ? Not a ghost of a reason has been advanced up to the present moment why this mino should not be worked entirely independent of the Nowcastle die trict. The only excuse I can get from the men is that they do not like to bl classed as "blackleogs," and it may be awkward i'or them in the future. So mucnoh for munion in fluenco!e It is a disgrace to oivilisation that men are afraid to do what they acknow ledge is right and just, booeausu the union, through its leaders, lays down thie imperial mandate, "Stick to the union," notswith standing that the latter are agreed that con ditions of working are different. What is the consequnoco ? A township which a few weeks ago was a model in every respect, in which the inhabitants were happy and prosperous and no grievance with the management, is now lookling more like "the doeserted villagoe." The trade which has taken years to establish is suddenly disorganised, and divorted into its old channels, from which the whole will probably never return. One miner, who has been with us for many years, came into my office yesterday morning to say "Good bye,". and he said it. grieved him to leave WalThrah as much as' when he left the old country, for he was happy and doing well. Two old miners towards 60 years of age shook hands with mo, and said they were perfectly satisfied with their earn ings. They had worked for nearly 30 years in the distriot, but this wv~zs quite 3is per day better than the average of the mines they had worked in. They emphatically said, "We should be independent of New castole, or we should always be in trouble." A deputation of the men saw me yesterday afternoon, and they were oonvinced that this mine ought to be independent of both no.th and south. On being asked why then they did not act like sensible men and go to work, the old wornout reason was given-did not care to face the stigma of being classed as "blhecklogs." I asked them which was worse of the two, to be called " blacklegs" for doing what they know to be right and honourablo, or to do what the admitted was wrong. No reply. This doputation was representative. I hold the officials and members of tho delegate board responsible in a great measure for these results. Why did they not face the matter with fearless impartiality, and, being. nable to controvert my contentions, deoide to recommend our independenco ? Inusteae of doing this, they coolly shelve this serious matter by intimating that the pit must be kept idle until I gave the conditions of 188 agreement, or "something near it," also passing it over to the consideration of the lodges. As I stated in my lotter, and as every thinking man in the colonies knows, and as so ably referred to in your impartial and sensible leaders, it would be a sheer imn possibility to work the mine under that agreement or " something near it," unless the company was insane enough to plunge itself headlong into ruin. In ao cordance with the class of coal we are work ing after six years' experience the selling value is and always has beeoon considorably less than the Newcastlo product, and yet Mr. Curley and the delegate board, who are cog nisant of this, as I have ropeatedly argued the question with the former, reoommend the men to "slick to the union." If this is noioniensm then the sooner it is swept off the boards the better, for as at present carried on it is a cureo to the miners, to the trade, and to the industries of the colonies, and by destroying the confidence of those who would on courage the starting of new industries, if throws back the prosperity of the country for at least a generation. I bolioeve in unionism, both for men and masters. With diverse interests, opinions, and charaoter, it is always desirable to have some machinery on either side to oheck undueo aggressions, and keep in a via media path. But when a union uses its strength on principles of oc travagantly advanoed socialism out of gear with the times, and closes its eyee to what is reasonable and just, it is a lamentable blot on humanity. 