WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. A TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON, Author of "Ishmael," "Dead Men's Shoes, ' "Lady Audloy'a Secret," "Wyllard'a Weird," "Phantom Bortune," "Like and Unlike," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement ■with tho author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XV.—(Continued.) Lady ITareham supported the August heats sitting on her terrace, with a cluster of friends, about her and her musicians and singing-boys grouped in the distance, ready to perform at her bidding; bet Henriette and her brother were tired of that luxurious repose and would urge their aunt to assist iu a river expedition. The gouvernante was fat and lazy and good tempered, had attended upon Henriette from babyhood and always did as she was told. " Her ladyship says I must have some clever person instead of Priseilla before I am a year older," Henriette told her aunt; " but I have promised poor old Prissy to hate her con sumedly." Angela and Denzil langhed as they rowed past the ruined abbey, seen dimly across the low water-meadow, where cows of the same ! color were all lying in the same attitude, chew ing the cud. "Ithiuk Mr. Spaviuger's trick must have cured your sister's fine friends of all belief its. ghosts," he said. " I doubt they would he as ready to believe —or to pretend to believe — to- morrow," answered Angela. "They think of nothing from morning till night but how to amuse themselves; and when every pleasure has been exhausted I suppose fear comes in as a form of entertainment and they want the shook of seeing a ghost." _ " There have been no more midnight parties since Lady Sarah's assembly, I think';" "Not among people of quality, perhaps; but there have been citizens' parties. I heard Monsieur He Malfort telling my sister about; a supper given by a wealthy wine-cooper's lady from Aldersgate. The city people copy every thing that their superiors wear or do." i "Even to their morals," said Denzil. "'Twere happy if the so-called superiors would remember that and upon what a fertile ground they sow the seed of new vices. It .is like the importation of a new weed or a new insect, which, beginning with an accident, may end in ruined crops and famine." Without deliberate disobedience to her husband, Lady Fareham made the best use of her time during his absence in Paris. The public theatres had not yet reopened after the horror of the plague. Whitehall was a desert, the king and his chief following being at Tun bridge. It was the dullest season of the year, and recrudescence of the contagion, in the low ! lying towns along the Thames—Deptford, Greenwich, and the neighborhood—together with some isolated cases in London, made people more serious than usual, despite of the so-called victory over the Dutch, which, although a mixed benefit, was celebrated. piously by a day of general thanksgiving. 1 Hyacinth, disgusted at the dulness of the town, was for ordering her coaches and retiring to Chilton. " It is mortal dull at the Abbey," she said, ; "hut at least we have the hawks and breezy ■ hills to ride over instead of this sickly city atmosphere, which to my nostrils smells of the pestilence." Heuri de Malfort argued against such a-' retreat.', "It were a deliberate suicide," he said. "London, when everybody has left—all the bodies we count worthy to live; par example— -• is a more delightful place than you can ima gine. There are a host of vulgar amusements which you would not dare to visit when your friends are in town and which are ten times as amusing as the pleasures you know by heart. Have you ever been to the Bear Garden? I'll warrant you no, though'tis hut across the river_ at Bankside. We'll go there this afternoon if you like and see how the common people taste life. Then there are the gardens at Islington. There are mountebanks aud palmists and fortune-tellers who will -frighten you out of your wits for a shilling. There's a nlan at CJerkenweil, a jeweller's ■ journeyman from Venice, who pretends to practice the transmutation of metals and to make gold. He squeezed hundreds out of that old miser Denhara, who was afraid to prose cute him for imposture lest all Loudon should laugh at his own credulity and applaud the cheat. And you have not seen the Italian puppet-play, which is vastly entertaining. I could find you novelty and amusement for a. month." "Find anything new, even if it fails to amuse me I afn sick of everything I know." "And then there is our midnight party at Millbank, the ghost party, at which you are to frighten your clearest friends out of their poor little wits." "Most of my dearest friends are in the country." "Nay, there is a Lady Lucretia Topham, whom 1 know you hate; and Lady Sarah and the Dubbins are still in Covent Garden." " I will have no Dubbin—a toping- wretch— and she is a too incongruous mixture, with her Edinburgh lingo and her Whitehall arrogance. Besides, the whole notion of a mock ghost was vulgarised by Wilmot's foolery, who ought to have been born a saltimbauque and spent ' his life in a fair. No, I have abandoned the scheme." "What, after I have been taxing my inven tion to produce the most terrible illusion that was ever witnessed ? Will you let a clown like Spavinger—a well- known stable-boy—baulk us ot our triumph? I am sending to Paris for a powder to burn in a corner of the room, which j will throw the ghastliest pallor upon your countenance. When I devise a ghost it shall be no impromptu spectre in yellow riding boots, but a vision so awful—so true an image of a being returned from the dead—that the stoutest nerves will thrill and tremble at tlio apparition. The nun's habit is coming from ■ Paris. I have asked my cousin Madame do Fiesquo to obtain it for me at the Carmelites." "You are taking a vast deal of trouble. But what kind of an assembly can wo muster at this dead season 5" "Leave all in my hands. I will find you some of the choicest spirits. It is to be my party. I will not even tell you what night T fix upon till all is ready. So make no engage ments for your evenings and tell nobody anything." " Who invented that powder ?" "A French chemist. He has it of all colors and can flood a scene in golden light, of the rose of dawn, or the crimson of sunset, or a .paie silvery _ blueness that you would swear was moonshine. It has been used in all the court ballets. I saw madame once look as ghastly as death itself and all the court seized with terror. They had burnt the wrong powder, which cast a greenish tint over the faces and her long thin features had a look of death. It seemed the forecast of an early grave, aud some of us shuddered as at a pro phecy of evil." | " You might expect the worst in her case, knowing the wretched life she leads with monsieur." j "Yes, when she is with him, but that is [ not always. There are compensations." j "If you mean scandal I will not hear a | word. She is adorable. The most sympathetic person I know—good even to her enemies— who are legioD." "Y'ou had better not say that, .for I doubt ! she has only one kind of enemy." "As how?" " The admirers she has encouraged and dis appointed. Yes, she is adorable, wofully thin, and I fear consumptive, hut royal and adorable, 'douceur ct Imniere,' as Bossuet calls her. But to return to my ghost party." "If you were wise you would abandon the notion. I doubt that in spite of your powders your friends will never believe in a ghost." "Oh, yes, they will. It shall be my business to get them in the proper temper." 1'hat idea of figuring in a picturesque habit and iin a halo of churchyard light was irre sistible. Hyacinth promised to conform to Malfort's plans aud to be ready to assume her phantom role whenever she was called upon. Angela knew something of tho scheme and that there was to be another assembly at Millbank, but her sister had not invited her to assist in it, and had seemed disclined to talk of it in her presence, a curious reticence in ono whoso sentiments and caprices were usually given to the world at large with perfect freedom. For once in her life Hyacinth had a secret air and checked herself suddenly in the | midst of her light babble at a look from De Malfort, who had urged her to keep her sister out of their miduight party. "I pledge my honor that there shall bo nothing to offend," he told her, " but I hope to have the wittiest coxcombs in London and we want no prudes to strangle the jest iu their throats with a long-drawn lip aiul an alarmed eye. Your sister has a pale fritilleuse pretti ness which pleases an eye satiated with the exuberant charms of your Rubens and Titian women; but she is not handsome enough to give herself airs, aud she is a little inclined that way. By the faith of a gentleman I have suffered scowls from her that I would scarce have endured from Barbara." "Barbara! You are vastly free with her ladyship's name." "Not freer than she has ever been with her friendship." ' "Henri, if I thought " "What, dearest?" "That you had ever cared for that wanton " " Could you think it when you know my life in England lias been one long tragedy of loving j in vain—of sighing only to be denied—of secret tears—and public submission." j " Do not talk so," she exclaimed, starting up I from her low tabouret aud moving hastily to 1 tho open window to fresh air and sunshine rippling river, and blue slcy, escaping from an atmosphere that had become feverish. "Do Malfort, you know I must not listen to foolish raptures." " I know you have been refusing to hear for the last two years." They were on the terrace now, sho leaning on the broad marble balustrade, he standing beside her and all the traffic of London moving with the tide below them. "To return to our party," she said, in a lighter tone, for that spurt of jealousy had betrayed her into seriousness. "It will be very awkward not to invito my sister to go with me." "If you did she would refuse, belike, for she is under Fareham's thumb; and he disapproves of everything human." "Under Fareham's thumb! What non sense ! Indeed I must invite her. She would think it so strange to be omitted." " Not if you manage things cleverly. The party is to be a surprise. You can"tell her nest morning you knew nothing about it be forehand." " But she will hear me order the barge—or will see me start." " There will be no barge. I shall carry you to Millbank in my coach after your evening's entertainment, wherever that may be." " I had better take my own carriage at least or my chair." . "You can have a chair if you are too prudish to use my coach, but it shall be got for you at the moment. We won't have your own chair men and links to chatter and betray you before you have played the ghost. Remember, you come to my party not as a guest but as a per former. If they ask why Lady Farehain is absent I shall say you refused to take part in our foolery." " Ob, you must invent some better excuse. They will never believe anything rational of me. Say I was disappointed of a hat or a mantua. Well, it shall be as you wish. Angela is apt to be tiresome. I hate a disap proving carriage, even in a younger sister." Angela was puzzled by Hyacinth's demeanor. A want of frankness in ono so frank by nature aroused her fears. She was puzzled and anxious and lohged for Fareham's return, lest his giddy-pated wife should be guilty of some innocent indiscretion that might vex him. "Oh, if she but valued him at his just worth she would value his opinion second only to the approval of conscience," she thought sadly, ever regretful of her sister's too obvious in difference towards so kind a husband. {To be continued.) 