LATE GENEEAL NifiWS. Madgo Robertson, formerly engaged as a barmaid in one of the Wellington (N.'Z.) city hotels, w«h found drowned in tho harbour there on Monday. She was wearing only undcrolothing and a coat, which haa been identified as belonging to ono of tho officers of tbo steamer Penguin. No suspicion of foul play is entertained, as tho woman is known to hava n.t.f Amnr^ri t.n /YrttoM Vm«-onll- 4-_nl»h »mn»l.n «—.'' ?—-??.#.-*|»«w» »-u u» »* .. aa iiuiauu unciio liiuutlin ago. It is believed aho either wilfully threw her self into the water or fell accidentally. It was noticed on Sunday that sho was in a depressed condition, Maurice Collis was treated at Sydney Hospital yesterday for a number of abrasions received in a peculiar manner. On Monday night Collins was in 'Bathurttt-Btreet as Constable Snrredgo wbb about to arrest a prisoner. The man brokj away, and Snrredge followed, Whilo running at top speed tho conetable and Collis collided, and aa tho former is much the heavier ot the two, Collis went down, striking the footpath hoavily. James Henderson, a naval volunteer, who took the second place in the championship firing in tho last Now Zealand Eiflo Association ruoeting, was Thames yesterday, with a bullet hole through the head. It ia supposed that he tripped with his rifle in his hand, and that it exploded. Death was in stantaneous. During a thunderstorm at Croki a barn contain ing hay waa struok by lightning yesterday, and the contents partially destroyed by fire. An application was made to Judge Simpson in Dirorco yesterday on behalf of the wife in the suit of .Mayes v. Mayes, to dispense with personal sorvieo on the respondent. In support of tho application a letter was rend from tho secrotary of the loung Men's Christian Association at St. Louis, in which it was stated that respondent had arrived in that city in aomewhat straitened oir cumstanoe1;, with a woman who ho said was his wife. The letter was .written in anBwer to a com munication aent bv the wife, who had rARnivpri n letter from her husband addressed from St. Louis, Tbo secretary of the institution in question went on to say that when interrogated aa to whether ho had a wife in Australia he at first. denied, but subse quently admitted he had. ? He nluo admitted that the woman nho passed as his wife had eloped with him, while aho, on tho other hand, insisted that Bhe was Mayea's wife. Tho members of tho institute had at firet, upon ascertaining that ho was a Methodist, referred him to tha Methodist parson there, ' who loaned him 15 dollars.' Tho letter concluded by stating that it was difficult for the members of institutions to docido whether it was a oase of elopement or a case of bigamy. His Honor made an order dispensing with personal service, and directed citation to be adrortised in ono of the St. Louis newspapers. John Bull, a shearer, of Casterton, Victoria, who UtIB UCUU IU UUUJ111UU1UUL1UU WlliU liUU V^UGUXlblRllU Stock Department relative to a euro for tick, left Casterton yesterday morning for Brisbane. Ho claima to have found a remedy wbioh will stamp out tho d.Baaae. He baa boen a residont of Castor ton for SO years, and claims that he haa used the remedy with great success in destroying parasites on varioua animalB. At a meeting of tho master bakers of Adelaide and suburbs it was decided that the price ot bread should be raiaed to 4d per 21b, loaf from Monday next, owing to the rapid increase in tho price of flour. The paper mill at Liverpool, which haB been shut down, is again in full swing, thore boing many orders on hand. It is regarded as probable the mill will be working for the next three months. A man named O'Donnoll, of Warialda, has reported to the police that he had been stack up by two men armed with revolvers near Yottnan, and i*nl.linrl of jP.Q.fi- 'Vhn wftMnn linvn nrnrtA nnfc Profe&aor; Blauno, the Italian vitioultural and phylloxora oxpert, in speaking at Atbury on Mon day night, deolared that the extension of phylloxera to all the vinegrowing districts of the colonies waa inevitable. The rainfall on the northern rivora has beon phonomonally heavy, and ab Bollingon Sin. havo fallon einoe Friday. At tho Tamworth Oonnoil Chambors oa Monday night Mayor Britten was presented, on behalf of aovaral lending townamen and some of his im mediate private frioada, with a handsome set of dish aovers and soup tureen, and an enlarged photo graph. of himself, Eacently the proprietor of a flab, and oyster saloon at Coolgardio was robbed of a bng of niouoy (.£60) in a curious way. Ho plaood tho money under hia pillow and -went to sleep. In the morning tho wonoy waa gone. A hole waa cut in the tont at tho head of tho bod, and thus tho thief abstracted tho week's takings. Tho thiof evidontly waa aware of tho habits of tho proprietor. Robberiea aro of fro quont occurrence ab Coolgardie. It is suspected that a whole gang live on the gatna. A hotol koeper lost his trousors and vest. In tho trouaors, boaidoB silver, were eleven £5 notes. A solicitor had a valuable ring stolon off his finger while shaking hands with a ' minor.' So seldom does anybody got the better of a limb ol the law that we are delighted with tho last item. A bill hrw been intreducod into tho South Aus tralian Parliament providing for an expenditure of nearly J83O,00O to asaist farmors who havo suffered from tho effects of tho drought. Tho Albury iiixiubition, wbion a as been openod for seven wncks, closed on Monday night, Twenty thousand poraona pnid for admission, and a, profit of J37OOO was mado. . .. ? , ;/ - .?? . An . English paper statea : — A domestic hon, tho property of a South London lady, haa por formod a- font whioh will arouao onvy in tho breast of Barnum's ghost. This wondorful fowl baa doVolopod a taste lor literature, and the other day produced an egg which, whon it was shollod at tho breakfast tablo, was found bo havo a numbor of lottord clourly forniod on tho albumen covering tho yolk. How the rooster came- by tuo lottera is a conundrum apparently impossible of solution. So far aa is known, it.- waa tho hon's firsi attempt at a short original story, Tha lotters woro so mixed that what bho fowl raally wanbod to say oould nob be unravelled. Ib wnB roported ab tho Water and Seworago Board meeting yesterday that tho averago oon sumpbion ot w/ttnr par day from tbo Pcoapeot Bosor-, voir was 18,600,000 gallons. , , . Mr. Copeland lntonde to move,— 'That tho AsBombly will, to-morrow, roaolve itself into a Opm mittco of tho.Wholo to consider the oxpodionqy of bringing in 'a bill bo provido for tho oponing of lloansod hotola during a limited period) or periods, on aunqaya. 'Tho Opposition aro carefully watohing tho movo naonts of tho uiombor for Paddington in the old world. The party Whip, Mr. Perry, read in, the Legislative Assembly yentorday, a atatomonb from Tho Times to tho effect that Major Naild had boon mnpowordd to visit Murope and inquiro into tho question, of old ago pensions. Ho would llko to know from what voto Major Noild's oxponsos would bo paid. Mr. Bdi^ anid that Mr. Noild— (Hon. ; Mombors i ' Major Notld')— had power to nmko i suoh inquirloB at his own oxponao, nnd undor thoao oirouniBtanboa tho Govornmont had not restriotod him to any known part of tho habitable globe. (Laughter.) ' ...-??' ' Mr, Gtilliak, tbo' newly appointed Govornmont printer, is 38 years of age, and tins had n long ex parionoo in tho printing trado. Ho oommonood business with Mossrs. Kdwiirds, Danlop, and Oo., wholoealo Btntionors, who ooouplod promises in Pitt atroot, uoxb tobho old Oiby Bank. In 1877 Mr. Gulliok ontnrod tho aorvloo of Moaara, John Sandu and Co,, of.Gqorgo-Btreot. Ilo Btartou in a minor Eosition, and ' workad up' to a poat of roaponsi illty, For somo yonra ho naaistad Mr, Aloxander Harrla in tho managership, and upon tho rotlro monb oil tlmt gontleman ho waa given full authority, and has ooonpled bho position of managor for tho last 10 yaara. . , , At tho Sydnoy wool aaloa yesterday 8810 balas woro oatnibguad, nnd 8225 Bold. Wools in inferior'1 and modiutn oondltlona woro flrmor, wliilo auporlor samples showed, in inntanoos, a trifling. advanao' ovor tho ratoa of a week aqo, A bottlo lias boon picked , up near Capo Kid napper, N,K- oontalning an undntod moaaago to tho offoob tbab tho ship Mohawk had sprung n loak, and that tho crow had taken to tho bonts, It ia ntatod bhab n vessel named bho Mohawk was lost with all handii 10 yonra ago ou tho voyngo from Quebec to Troou. A Uttlo clrl namod Dolanoy hna diod nb Hllla ton from eating raw vogotabloa nnd pusolon vino blosaonifl. In the Import market yenterduy oDly a moderate volume of business wao traneacted. PriceB showed no chango of noto. At Darling Harbour yesterday B705 bales of wool wore manifested. 270 bales arrived coastwise, and 005 wero received by rail at Newcastle on Monday. A return nan liiid on tho tablo of the Legislative Assembly last night showing the coat to tho colony of all exhibitions in which she haa taken part to have been M74,,476. A meeting of the Federal Council haa been con vened for January 27, 1897, at Hobart, but thero aro no matters of commanding importance to be discussed. The week's clearing through tho Sydney Banks' pool amounted to £2,595,290, or to X6701 more than in the corresponding week last year, John Frederick Dedeicr and William Benjamin Doderor leftTamworth by yesterday's mail train in charge of Constables Culdwell nnd M'Fio. Orm prisoner is destined for BerrimaGaol and tho other for Goulbum Gaol. Tho prisoners, who travelled in the same compartment of the priaon van, have altered very little sinco last seen on tho nishc of condemnation, and seemed fairly ohearful, very obedient, and respectful. The Eov. F. J. HarriB, who ia leaving Mudgee for the incumbency of Coolab, haa been presented with a testimonial and £25 by tho parishioners and townspeople. A telegraphio ohees match haa been played between Mudgeeand Coonamble, lasting ilvo hoiira. It resulted in Nob. 1 and 6 being wou by Mudgoe, and No. 2 by Coonamble, leaving three games unfinished. Tuo appeal Oaso in whioh the Rev. James Clarke figured in the Supreme Court, Sydney, yesterday, and which was mentioned our last issno, waB dismissed without costs. A sensation bus been caused in Giaborno (N.Z;,) by the sudden death ol! Dr. John J. Innos from an overdose of strychnine, self-administered, either by misadventure or whilst in a state of temporary insanity. A memorial window to tbo late Bishop Turner in the Anglinal Cathedral at Grafton waa unveiled by Archdeacon Flower on Sunday. 