The One Mail for Ik cixAi'mt xi.' , , ; : 1 So young Thomdyko, liia jioliduy ovor, ro- turtiod to London nnd tho Bluo Envolopo OIHco, an engngod mnn.undho nnd lletlmny wroto to onch other ovory day. There woro loft to Basil now baruly six weeks of bache- lor frcoiloin in furuishod lodgings ; and thoro was much lo be aceompHdhed in vari ous dircolinns .vithin those six short weoks. And if in London Basil was oxccodiugly busy preparing for tbo nil-important stop in his life, Bethany in tho qiiist old houso nt Goudimm'a Host— curinusly quiot and reposeful it ofton seamed to hor now tlmt tho worry of lmrrest was ovor and Basil gone— was oven more so ill a fomiiiiuo way. llulilnh was the young girl's right haud ill all matters appertaining to tho trousseau indcod without liuldah, Bethany ilcclaroil, sho could not havo boon tcaily in timo— which possibly was no exaggeration, seeing that Bethany disiihed hard wurk of aoy form nnd, at any sensnn,' hud had novor really porformol any ill lio'r life. Yet shololt rather fagged ono afternoon in Ootobop, anil sat idly at (ho groat bow- window of hor bodrooui, iooUiag wistfully out at tho low grey sky and tho fast disap pearing foliago of tho dim nnd sere old gar den bolow, A Stiatton divssniiikor liail boon with hor since the morning and bad just gono ; HuMah was folding drosses and laying thoin-upon the bed; ' Bethany rousod-. . bersetf a'pl cuUotl tu hor. f ; ' ; "'' ' U«ldah,sycu'Uslavoyoursoll"to, death,! Yon'vo looked as wlritn-ns a ghost far Aays" past ; unjrou havo douo. onougb work for to-day, I'Dimuvo. It's ..nearly fivo o'clock nnd gotting;durk. Do Icavo off -uow and couio and bit duwn liero in tho window with mo, ntid , rest yourself uml tulk, and Anne shall bring you up somo lea.' ' Not yet, dear, I must finish what I um doing. I'm novor tired, j on know, work ngroos with mo.' And 'without bard work of somo kind just nt that timo, 'steady hard work mid plenty of it, Hulunli told borsolf desolately Whon tho piiin was hoaviast that oho could uot havo boriio tbo bui'then ot her , daily hfo. llow sho .would boar it all whon Bethany was married and gono away, and there was nntliing loft for lier to' do but sit down wit'i foldod hands bofore her and re call the past; and its impossibla dreams, Hulduh did not know. nnd dnied'not think, as thoso 'still grey autiimh ilu'ys wont Iquiot und swift)y.by,jbiinging hciiror and ncarer with ovory dawn tho tliirtconth of Novom- boi',Bolliany's weddiiig-iniihn'' : A'SCU'f A ring nt thir brill -iloor'lioll. ' 1 Botbiihy junipcd up froinftjiob,weii?l|ionod window . eoat and forgot "tiiat siioiaj' jjjJJ tired ,ri few momenta .Leferc.,,-,. ; ,' j f» >' ' ' A')' 'It's Sybil. Sho has como ovor toseotho erciiing-frocks, she promisodsho would- L will run down and . bring bor up, Huldah, . and we'll 'nil bnvo ton in tb'o'glbamirig'tbs. gethor, it will' refresh us 'more than ni'iy- > thiug.' and fortliwith Bothany dianppoarod. - Tho wedding was to bo a very quiet affair —with two bridesmaids only— -Hiiidali aiid Sybil, though tho rest of tho family -from T'ioldfnro wore to bo prosont at tho oeromony ns spectators hud gliosis. Yon lucky darling,' Sybil used to say in . her cffiisivo : fashion. 'It has all endod boaulifully, just ns it should— in fuot just as I know it would all along— and you ought to bo ths happiest girl olive!- It is ipioor to sua what luck somo girls bavo', - nono ovor scorns to coma my way ! Mr. Tiiorndyko appears as Goodman's Host, and it makes all tho aifferonoo in tho world'to you. Oh, dour mo, just bocauso I dread it, I suppose I shall dio an old moid P" It wiis'not procisoly witli' unqualified ap proval that Miss KHz rogardod tbo prepa ration of tho oluborate trousseau; ouch ox- travugauco in 'fal-lals' was not tor a young woman in Bethany .Guriug's. position, sho cjusiiloicil. But Bethany's father reusonod that, as his child would naturrlly bo cxpee- ted tn mako n decent appoaranco whon sho accompanied Basil to Niglitingalo Court, eho could not bo sufforod to quit bor futbor's roof for that of her husband furnished with it wardrobe of whioh, in tho circumstances sho might possibly como to tool' ashamod. Besides, ho could just now vory woll afford tho oxpondituro.'thoycoRian said; for tho sploudid btifthrob'-aluk tbatgltirteaa.tMtvttti wliioh jiad laUoweil'J.it iwd. brigbtoiiod.'tto i otttlook ronidraUy,for Onw'e vBcaL', BeUiany'horscll was,' of- course, iiotliing' loath to lay in,a:atqok of .boautifnl, brand- now clotlios. Bethany and Mr. Goring wont up to town with Basil corly one Monday morning —tho young . man and his Gladstoiio bag having appoarod as usual at tho old torm- liousoon tho previous Sutuifiay afternoon, —to viow tho Enling cottago aiid to sott.'e wnac lumituro it would roqmro. Both Co tiany and hor fathor wore '"delighted with Nsstwood, and 'Basil himself was olated: b icaueo thoy woro so unfoignodly ploasod. You ought to bo vory happy hore, Tom- titt,' tho yOoman said,' glancing round' the bright littlo.'liall, whiuh was sweet and . fresh with now paint and whitewash. L; 'I shttll-bo, doar fathor— I am sural "shall I' Bethany auswerod, clinging to her \- futbor's arm, and looking adoringly up into ;hia fine kind faco as tlioy inoyod on into tho .drawiug-rooinwbicii- nctunlly hada diinu- native oonsorvatory . ;at ouo I'qnd. : oihop tiiiiosthegiri.tliought;Sheloydii'hoV' fatfer -500 openfy, , though\\)hers'lovor : hitasolf was 'cOncoited on tliis poiiit and absolutely do-' olinod to boliovo hor. ' .. A- tow daye later. vrhoiitlui yoiwg mati ; wrote to tbo old furm-houso, bis lotter con-, -tainpd really wonderful nows. r Sir Henry ; Thomdyko was . furnishing Neetwoqd thioughout. Maplo's had roceivod- carte blahcho in the matter— furniture, china, silvor, glass, ovbrything— and that, : it ap poarod, was to bo Sir Henry's wadding-, presont. A genorous wedding-gift, they oil agreed. After that other presouts— good, bad, and indifforant, arriving from all quarters wore roceivod. Cousin Liza's gift took ' a characteristic and practical shape — a ohoquo tor fifty pounds. 'There— that's tor tho honoytnoou at Ycntnr dt Torquay, or wherever you're thiuking of spending it,' said sho, as Both- any hugged her and shod a' few tears upon hor shouidorj for often' iti hor. heart. Both-; any bad.caUo'd cousin Liza spiteful hard names, and she folt sorry— vory sorry now — for having' doho so ; 'and you ought to savo onotigh out of it, if you aro careful, to covor your housekeeping oxponscs tor the first fortnight or so after you get back— perhaps I should say tor a month at least, if yon woro anybody olso. Como, child,, don't bo silly I Pooplo ought only to cry when they loso thoir money, not whon thoy aro luolty onough to get qome..' ' . . , J Earl Thomdyko and his sister - Bdqhidino sont handsome gifts of jowaiiory ; / anil Cap; i i tein Thomdyko, Basil's'obusiqiBbohd, dos-. k sUi v#t2SttflsC,' illifllall'tftlt ' ' This — 800, Basil — is what Captain Thorndy ko has sent us. " It camo lost night. Is it' not awoot f i - , , It was tbo Saturday afternoon before tho wedding, - which, was to bo on tho following \- Thursday ; ' and Basil.1.- naturally was .at . Ooridmah's Best. ' f ' ' II m ! So Bouko sent that, did ho f ho said, without much grahtudo or outhusidsm in his tono.' .- ! ;.H yi Yos,'- Bolhany' ropliod/. ; I.'thiiik it is porfootly lovely, doii't you f r 'Oh, woll .opqugh, hut-I-;darqsayL,w6 could hate mnuiigbd without ' ii' sinilod Basil. Bat horn useless sort of thing, isn't itf, ' ' '"-AUr.)' ' " ' ' TJsoloss'f NoWn tho loadt 1' cried Both- ' any indignantly.: , ' It will :hang-botwpe;i : thojtwo French windows in tho dtowjug- rooul, and "will, ns l' oaid hoforo,'look per- tootly 18voly,r ;I;tl)ink iCoictittgly Iriiiur of -..-tYltlw|ttly,.|io, sis ; etuuiod women's fancies, "und itnows'how to ptoaro'fhteu-wboniivWa'presonf/ ' i : 'kT'wxr. -ki i . ,i A K r : '-rrrp.v j n ;r -. r vf ' You must toii fiim so', wiion you moot,' 'said Basil driiy. 'I dare say it won't bo itho.firpt timo byifl goqd many that ho has rocoiveitho samo, comphmout frum a wo- man'a lips.' ; -ar''. v -;'- r Tho girl crept closer to hor lovor's sid'j. Basil, you areteot angry ?' Bho raid. Ho tumod then and cla9pod hor in his arms ond kissod repeatedly tho fair young tope, with its upturned clear oyos of hoa vonlybluo.r: 'I don't think I could ovor bo really an gry, with you, my darliug,' said ho, almost sadly.- 1 1 lovo you too woll.' At first it luid boon sottlod that Sir Henry and Miss Thomdyko should bo present at tho quiet marriage fostivnl of thoir favourite youitg kinsman ; , and not a trifla flustered had Miss Eliza boon— mentally, if not out- wardly— ia planniug tor tho recoption of those visiters from the Court. But her purturbations on thoir account woro, after all, supurflous; for, at the elevonth hohr. Miss Thomdyko wrote that hor fathor was laid up with au attack of his old too— tho gout— and ttoit hor brother Earl unfortu- nately was not so woll ns usual. Therefore Bonaldino's coming to Goodman's Best was utterly out of ths question. Sho eouhl not, oron for Basirs sako, loavo hor invalids at homo to tako core of thcinspires. Had Earlo boon tho otrang, liinber, ath- litio Earlo Thomdyko of tho old WinuUester oud Oxfoiffysratebad'cff'qihhlls'cpr pip, doprirod by omol mischauco of his piauhood's glory, ho would' havo noted as il boat man; hut as , things' worp now it whs tatuto.thiiik.of it,.; A. -now ..friend. of ,th9 bridegroom's fromtbeBlue Envolopo Offlte gtxteterlytenMnted tefillth- rolb;',1'.-' (hny had Said "od-byo " to otery:>roU- lovod objeot; alike animtte and' inuirina'to' whioh sho was loavjng bohind bor'Torovoi'l ns sho Said ; but there w'as yot to comb 'tlio' worst wronoh of oil; : whioh ' sho could not look torwateto.withont 'a paiigA-thp part- -ing and farewpU with hprtothbr. : , ; But it was got' ovor pomohPw— hotter, in fact, thaii Botbany had hoped ; and amidst a voritehle liurripano of rioe and old shoes tioy drovo nway u 'a oarriape-and-paii' to catch their traia at'Stratton! -bi«'--i , After all, there was to'%o only a wook, lino brief wookr ,of houoymooning at Tor- '.quay; , - Basil hud op recoiitiy .entered on his duties at the Blue Envolopo OlIlco that ' ho could not cunsciohubly petition bis chiof tor larigor.' A ; I 1 1 ..-slIG-.'itiMli -in- It ''Heavpn hlpss ,y6u\np!l\kopp.ybuf my 1had'said nor fathor,' as bravely as 'ho oould, 'if hwili bor alwoysMhorfiaa -novor knownnny'tbmg but kjipliiPas; mill ioeiSMyi -Phild;' igood- byo!' liuldiih iittlio.ypiy lust wus nowliero (H't be scon ; ihut cousin Liza 'xria tho only ono ' who niissod hori pAnd in' tho final glimpse ; Bethany caught b( the lloar old homestead ' half-hiddoh bj- tho .round jplaiitation', eho r saw Sj'hil Markham' at the gpto,'nli amilos ' and tears; claapiug'.tightly withfn iioy arms' tho . frantic and struggling little Jiukn to , prevent him from racing after the vaiiiih--, ing carriage. ;a... At hor ccttngo gate, with a shawl pirinod ovor hor head— tor tho Novomber day was grey1 mid chilly— stood- : aiiciont Dobbio Danoo, waiting tor tho wedding chariot to drive along tho rood. In an upmisod hand sho grasped infinnly an apology for ', a ' hoot ; in tho other, all ready for tho pur-'-' poso. sho clutched as unsteadily a handful orico. . ' J . ' : ; ( Thb. Lpnl go wi' yo. nnd good luck, to: you, my dcats 1' sho screamed. ' Good hide to both on yp I Hoavon bless you both, pay j -I, and send ye long lifo and happiness,' .toy dears.' . 1 ' . ! ' Tho rice rattled noisily against tho enrri- ogo window, anil the disreputablo old shoo, unknown to tho drivor, rodo ' triumphantly behind him upon -tho carriage rp?f, all through tho.stroots of Straiten and up to tho station door. Little did Bethany dream on -that liuppy- bridal-day in what calamitous fashion, ; in what hopeless 'strait -sho would, next cn- countor old DobliiO Dan'co.'i!1' - - ' - - b \- »' Bethany was "gPno— ' really - gono'; iin'd' Goodmnn'o Bcst lay'. wrapped in tbo still- late nnd ohilly'as . was tbo iiour, ,p. -ligbti ®, ?Vtf 'V1 S?'WJ|i?f man— iiuiuan nerapu..,-, rj-j<U 7 j"?.. Something in fmrhaiid was prosBod.coiw .yulsiyoly, to, hor! dry and pallid- lips, frpiii ; "which now and thon ostepid a .-lowhnrd-'- moan. It was only' ono of : Basil's ' gloves, wluoh' ho had dropped in ohurch thit morn-' ing. Ho had not miseod it— ho had novel-' inquii-od tor it;. so Huldab that night kopt it pressed' to her lips and hor.'hoart, and.nr -thh .morning hid it . reverently away. It - wus .alf.eho had— hor only bouvonirj-hut , I'jhbw.preiaouslj ' ' 'ivhon tho cold dawn glimmered iiito tho1 room, the- hotllo' hail boon 1 fought' out' and' : 8"illJIvpodr. tho, .- hitter wrestling .wiip pvcrj. 'ani;, Hu|dah,. woakpnd worn, roao Up, if r hot cptitent, at any rata resigned to.ttiowilli :of hor Maker, ;.With:whoiii alono'tHo uuhapk nii>,sg6hM.rh4) hofn.ftpjtriug.bravoly , tho, burthen" of-Tho 'Uehvy days .wteml Mmm 'Criiusnus' wa8:'Olps6',;at 'hhn'aV'BotKnhy!i ' was , a - month-old wffo.; LfSlf6;violtil!iiok»oif Bomottmos that she already 'tolh-liko" ah old ' married wom tn, and that it was hard now- - to 'realise thatthe day.had' ovor boon wholn Basil : -Thorndy ke - nridi his boyish: lovo: had hot formed a part of Jierjlifo.-'i J-i.i 1 » .. .Ho.- had roturnod; -homo onolovoning:a: littlo lntor than his -.cuetomary. hour, .and: found Bethany: -sitting. 1 in tho firolight'alF nlono; with idle hands bptoro hor,. -.Evoryr: thing-sooinsd -vory swoot and fresh and now ; ili tho dainty littlo drawing-room at Nest- :wood, and Captain Thomdyko's crystal tnirror flashod upon tho well botweon tho twir French windows. -.- Tho Decouiberovoil- ; ing was napping outsido; and Busilbrought - in with hiin a whit of tho cold uir.'- . . . Bethany— no lumps 1 . 'All - in the dark 1 IVIiy, it's past fivo o'clock !'- and Basil pro ceeded to account for his tardy appcnrauco',. which, as Uo. oxpluiuod, . was merely, owing, to a slight otfiuial'inudd'.0:iu affairs at tho Bluo Envolopo Offico. ' All, I sow,' Bothany nnsworod, as if, hor \- thoughts wore straying, 'hor . gate "stall oh ; ths. fire ; - and thon;-- ha - lloeil moved - about ' tho room, -lowering tho blinds; drawing tlio- , curtains,' and -.lighting -tho shaded lamps, : Botbany wont on dreamily, 'The nlternoon pust; dear, hrohght a lotter fiom father; It tots mado ino Bo'liappy.'- ; . e: -- i -.'Has it, darling.? .. That's all right'. Good ..nows, of conrso, -thon ?' the young man said. A : ' - 1 ; '.Yos, indeed.- Thoro willbo not more j Ireuhlo nnd ' anxiety- -afc -Goodmail's : Rost.- . Spmoouo,: h distant iniila' relative— fathor epoaks of him hs' 'cousin Job;! -though ! I cannot quito mak'o out-'.who he wasi-ahas , juatqlicd overin Gulitorniasoniowlioroand' has foft ihim.— fathor— oil his ononoy 'Shd j and.properlj-huyiiig.Iitihoomi,': no uno else i in tUo.worlU lo i'oavo'it 'tb. wiion' Ovorv- thmgito'rcalisod.iuidBottlbd lip. ilioto wfll: 1)0 somotliiiig liko oightj' thousand pounds;' my father writes. .'Ho is goingio allow uo nny-amount ql - pin-moiioy; as ho callp it- whatever I want,: It fuot.' v-.: :ri ' Bplonfiid l ' oriod llasilhoatily. 'Why, Bothany, youwillboquite an'heiresst !:>" ' Yes— I.suppbso-soi Iam -vory glad for your.sako,)l)asil.l:- ).-:r:'„F i- .1, A 'No; ratliorlotU3 say foryou own;vmy -'durliug.'; .,.! j„di'|«e.'.i :-Jt l-u-i <1 i ' 1 No, noinotr-tor .-yburi) ;-: bocau'Sb now; 'you seo, youil pooplo .at -'-the Court willbo ' iuoliued . to think u great- dcul more of ni'o and of your .wisdom than ' tlioy ovor did or bould- before— ' — X- 'r'l ' Not;.tlioy.l: .You . don't1 -know ; thoW;' Basil : interrupted .fotidly, v. MbHoy !0r: rib 'money,. tUoy.muafc' 1 inovithbly havo loved yoh.thoinoniont thojlsawiyoui' 'Thoy 'could «bt:holpiti'.e iiii. '-if; b.-.ii ih-hhv Lni. > -!..) nt Jf'J'.Oibe Cm\tii\ueJ J ; :b 