THE IVORY LEG AND THE TWENTY-FOUR DIAMONDS. By FF.nci.-s HLML. Author of "Tho Mystery of a Hansom Cab,"' "Madame Mida-s,"' Members of a family may be selfishly proud of their individual perfections, yet take a collective pride in some s-pccial attribute or possession of tiit- ir race. The 0"Gia.d.\s, for instance, flatter themselves on owning a genuine Banshee; the Macsiiills think highly of the hoarv toner builL by Noah MacsnilY to escape a second flood; and the Fitztudors are proud of their royal descent from a frail ancestress and a dissolute king. Suchlike trifles give satisfaction to the most aristocratic families, and raise them (in their own estimation! above the commonalty. These do not recogniso Adamic ivlationship otherwise than that they belong to the human race. The Dreuxfields, having made money by army contracting during the Peninsular tt ar, cast" round for tome, fetish to boast of, to expatiate ou, aud to bore their friends with. They had 110 ancestors worth talking about; their baronial halls were a reccnt purchase, aud the family ghost of the former proprietors, not being a fixture, passed out, with the appurtenances. Ultimately they hit on jewels as tho most respectable things to lie, proud_ of, and, in pursuance of the idea, acquired twentv-four diamonds the like of which were never seen since Aladdin looted the Cave of the Lamp. These were not all bought at once, or by oua person. Such wholesale buying would have reduced the whole affair to the level of a Bond-street purchase. The collecting of these gems took time and money, and (possibly) the loss of immortal souls. For the last fifty years every member of the family who could beg, borrowj buy, or steal a particularly fine diamond forthwith contributed the same to the Dreuxfield fetish. Each jewel, worth no end of money, had a history, reputable or otherwise, and, finally, four-and- twcuty gems of the first water were brought together to constitute the heirloom of the Dreuxtiekis. The fetish e er consisted of these twentyfour diamonds, but varied in the setting a.c cording to the taste of the Mre- Dreuxfield then iu possession. They glittered a tiara for display at St. James's, or flamed a jewelled belt for a waist. Sometimes they separated into bracelets of twelve gems each, or again collected into a necklace shootiug twenty-four sparks of fire. In this latter form they were note, as the present Mrs. Dreuxfield's fint> neck and shoulders formed an admirable background for the display of their splendour. Experts valued tho necklace at £50,000, and it fully justified in worth and appearance the ride of its possessors. All the thieves in £ ondon had seen those diamonds going to Court on the fair neck of Mrs. Dreuxfield, and had calculated the chances of getting them into their clutches. They never found an opportunity of stealing them, however, as when not in use thev reposed in the strongroom of Dreuxfield tlall, Malvern, the kev of which was attached to the squire's watchc^iain. Yet, notwithstanding the impossibility of a successful raid, one famous cracksman swore loudly that he would yet steal the jewels. So far he had not succeeded. His name was Cracky Bill, of Whitechapel, and he was wanted by the police. Cecil Dreuxfield, who had lately succeeded to tho property, was a young man of thirty, whose parents dying within a year of each other had left him and his wife in possession of the hall and the diamonds. With them lived Cecils siater Kate and Mrs. Dreuxfield's uncle Josiah Onslow. The young couple were handsome and agreeable, the sister was a pretty girl fond of tho Curate, and the uncle a bad-tempered ancient who owned an ivory leg. This latter curiosity deserves special mention. It is not every man wiio possesses an artificial limb made of ivory, and the Major (he had retired from the service of the H.E.I.C. with that rank) was as proud of it as was Pelops of his ivory shoulder. Not born a Dreuxfield, he took no especial interest m the necklace, so bestowed all superfluous pride on this ivory leg. Onslow had imagination, and should have been a novelist. - As it wa^- he told stories about that leg fvh;cii ounied the " Arabian Nights." There were fifty distinct narratives as to how he had lost his limb and gained the artificial uudestanding. He never repeated himself, and lied Hke a journalist short of news. Tho leg was turned like that of a pianoforte, and carved out of ail smoothness. If anyone aeked him if it was vegetable ivory he threw everything handy at the bead of the enquirer. "Vegetable ivory, you qualified fool!" ho would roar; "no! genuine ivory—elephants' tusks, bless me! The Rajah of Dum-Dum gave me the leg for losing my own in killing a heavenly elepnant that blessed nearly killed him." The adjectives in this speech must be read contrariwise. Onslow was not a nioe man, and no great favourite with tho young trio. lie dranl; sherry, which was bad for his liver, aud played cards for stakes ruinous to his meagre purse. The love Dreuxfield had for his wife alone prevented him turning her relation out of doors. By dint of much self-control they put up fairly well with his tantrums, and were glad when he visited London (which he did twice or thrice a month) to lose money at his favourite pastime. No one loved the old reprobate. Not even his servant, whom he bullied unmercifully. Perhaps the present valet had not been long enough m his situation to love the Major, for he was a new importation. Onslow rarelv kept his men longer than a month. The incessant exercise of dodging missiles wore them thin. The new valet fared better, as he was deferential, and had been an attendant in a lunatic asylum. Moreover, he took a great interest in tlie Major's ivory leg, and when it was unstrapped at night always took it to his own room to polish up for the morning. These little attentions pleased the crusty old man. One evening in April the Curate came to dinner. He was a handsome, earnest young fellow, much in love vrith Kate Dreuxfield. His affection was returned, and there seemed every probability that there would be a match. Every one favoured the idea save Major Onslow, who hated the Cura-ie like poison. All the scandal he could gather about the Curate he repeated to Cecil, out as he had discounted his veracity by ivory-legj stories, this gossip merely provoked distrust. After dinner the curate followed Kate into the drawing-room, where he made love with the consent and in the presence of Mrs. Dreuxfield. Cecil, left alone with Onslow, drank his wine, smoked his cigar, and listened to the Major raging. He was i- offensive this evening, and his speeches need expurgation. "1 hate that sneaking parson!" he began without preamble. Dreuxfield interrupted him smartly. " You are in the minority, then. Jenny, Kate, and myself think no end of him." "Particularl} 1 Kate," sneered the Major. " I suppose she will marry the fellow." "If by the fellow vou mean Clarence Newall, 1 have no doubt she will," retorted Cecil pointedly- " T know of no man to whom I would so willinglv give my sister." " I thought you didn't like parson?.' 5 "Then you thought wrong, Sir. I am not aware of having manifested any particular dislike to the Church. Besides, I was at college with Newall, and know him to be a good, honest fellow." " I've heard different stories/*' said Onslow, enraged by these contradictions; "it is said that Ncwail was in a fast set." " Maybe ! but he was not fast himself. You are thinking of his cousin, Ciive Xewall—the initials a.re the same, the natures are not." "You believein him, I see," said the Major, huffily, making for the door, " but, mark my words, he'll sell you yet. I never knew a parson that didn't. ' "Newall is quite sound, Major—as sound as that ivory leg you —'' His speech was interrupted b3 T the hinging j of the door. Onslow did not like his leg | being mado a jest of, and, moreover, finding j he, was getting the. worst of it, retired to bed. By no means sorry to see the back of this can- i tankerous elder, Cecil finished his claret, rend went to the drawing-room. Here he found the two ladies arid New- all in e:i;jer conversa- j tioii. " The "Major lias gone to bed, Jenny," he I said to his wife. " Lost his temper, as usual." j "What a cross old man he is." said Mis. i Dreu\iield, shrugging her shoulders. "Cecil, dear, I hope he has not vexed vou. I really think we ou^ht to tske away his ivory leg until he promises to behave better." '" Never mind. Jenny,'' whispered Kate, "he is going to town to-morrow, and will be awav some days.' "Vou look tired, Newall," said Dreuxfield, pairing his friend on the shoulder. "I have lies n busy to-day," answered the Curate, " and besides I'm rather worried over a fain.ly matter. "Thatscamp Clive again?" asked Cecil in a low- voice. Newall nodded, and would have continued speaking, but Kate interposed. "What are you talking about?" she said; then without waiting for an answer, added, "Oh, Cecil. I want j - oit to show Mr. Newall the necklace. He has never seeil it. and you promised .lie this morning at breakfast to tiling it out." "Come to the drawing-room. Mr. Newall," said Mrs. Dreuxfield, amiably, "and you shall se.e it oil my neck. '" 1 tiiiu 1 : lie would like a closer inspection," laughed Ceeil. "I'll fetch it down here." no." said Newall eagerly; "yon have no idea iiou- anxious I am to see f/ie Dreuviicld "What rious odour observed Drtuxanv field, sniff drugs in vour pockets, have vou, Newa.l?" '" Not that i know of," replied the Curate, smiling, "bur I uas taking a bottle to a parishioner to-day, and t'necork came out of the bottle, ^o doubt home of the contents were sjnlt." "Oil, that is it! You ought to bo more j j I I I ] careful. I declare you scent the room like a— perambulating drug shop. Sweet! heavv! sickly—ah ! ah ! Chloroform !" finished Cecil, and departed for tho strongroom. it seemed to Kiite, who was watching his face, that her lover paled a trifle at this last remark. The momentary emotion passed, but she thought it strange. Then they fell to talking of the necklace and its worth. "I declare," said Mrs. Dreuxfield, with a pretty shudder, "that I am always nervous when going to the IJrauing-room. To sit m a c arriage with hundreds of curious eve^ fastened on those diamonds is enough to shake stronger nerves than mine. ' " I don't see why you should fear, Jenny. No one can steal that necklace! It is too v ell guarded." "Let us hope that no one will attempt so daring a theft. Ah! here, comes Dreuxveld with the jewels." Ceeil placed the morocco box on tho table and lifted the lid. In the lamplight a glory streamed from the twenty-four gems. Even th e two women, well accustomed to the sight, could not restrain a littlo cry of delighted surprise.. N ewall drew a long breath and gazed steadfastly at tho glitter before him. The stones, but slightly set and connected, flashed a circle of sunbeams. "A king's ransom!" he said, and turned away as if to shut out the too fascinating sight. They amused themselves with the necklace for some time and then closed the box. It was left on the table. Shortly afterwards the ladies retired to bed, and Newall went up to the smoking-room with Dreuxfield. Hardly were thoy outside the drawing-room door when Cecil uttered an ejaculation of annoyance. "What a fool I am." said he, "I quite forgot the necklace. You know where the smoking- room is, Nov.all. Just go to it while I replace the diamonds in the strongroom." Newall assented and moved away, while Dreuxfield went back for the necklace. Tho box was still on the table, and a glance inside assured him that the jewels were safe. Blaming himself for his inconceivable rashness in leaving the treasure even for a moment, he went to the strongroom. It was on the ground floor, and approached by a long and somewhat dark passage. With the case under his arm Dreuxfield fumbled at the lock of the door, when suddenly an arm was thrown round his r.eck, choking the cry on his lips. A cloth saturated with chloroform was clapped over his mouth, and he heard the morocco box clalter to the ficor a3 lie lost his sense;-. Mis. Dreuxfieid ;n her dressing - room chattered vrith Kate about the Curate, and playfully bantered her on her chauces of becoming a clergyman's wife. Then Kate retired, and Mrs. Dreuxfield prepared for bed. Somewhat astonished at the unusual absence of her husband, she was about to seek the smoking-room and reprove him when she heard a loud cry. In a few minutes she was downstairs, and found Newall in tho hail bending over the unconscious body of Cecil. "What is the matter?" she cried, alarmed by this spectacle. "I don't know," gasped Newall, with a remarkably pale face; "ho left me to put away the jewels. I waited his return in the smoking-room. He did not appear, and I went in search of him. He was lying unconscious by the strongroom,door." By the time this breathless explanation came to an end tho whole household thronged the hall. Last of all the Major, followed by his valet Jenkins, stumped down the stairs, loudly excusing himself for so late an arrival. Jenkins took my ivory leg to his room to clean," he expiainkl. "I came down the instant it was strappod ou. Now what is all this?" Explanations were made, a doctor appeared on the scene, and Cecil sat up confusedly to give his version of the episode. " Chloroform '." exclaimed the doctor. "The diamonds!" suid Dreuxfield, "I have been robbed." This explanation did not mend matters. The moment before they had been concerned for the safety of their master, now feach and all murmured wondered what w as the penalty for robbery. Pale servants looked askance at one another, and the female domestics shrieked themselves into hysterics. Kate kept her head, and ljore Mrs. Dreuxfield to her room, leaving tho men to deal with the matter. Unfortunately, at so late au hour, little could be done, so there was nothing left for it but to wait till dawn opened the telegraph office. Newall, finding himself useless in advising and doing, went home iu company with the doctor. Cecil and the Major retired to bed, but not to sleep. Few eyes were closed at Dreuxfield Hall that uight, and the air was charged with terror and suspicion. The diamond necklace was gone, but no one, least of all its owner, knew who had thieved it so dexterously. To be coitf.iv.ued. 