HUMAN SACRIFICES. Mr. J. H. Swainson has communicated a de scription of visits which be has paid to Benin and to the Afrioin chief Nsna'o town. At one time Benin City was tbe centre of the slave trade, tbo Portuguese slavers being the pur- ohttBers. ThoPortugueae "birrocooni," or pits, wero still to be seen at Benin. Mr. Swainson was the (bird white mun who had up to the time of bis first visit been seen in Boniu. The num ber of the King's bodyguard is allogothor about 200— all naked, and each with a brass ring on one of bis ankles. The Kiog received Mr. Swainson in a very friendly way, and also his presents of silk and ciotb with equal readiness. Tbe King promised to do all ho could for trade, but he would not remove tbe " Ju Ju," or fanatical embargo, from tbe copal and tbe gum. The King told Mr. Swainson he was going to hold one of bis humau sacrifices, and asked him if he would liko to see it. This Mr. Swainson declined, and be hurried out of tho town, fear ing tbe safety of his own head, . The sights ! that wcro witnessed by tho Englishmen were of the most revolting description. On one tree which bad been trained for snob purposes, a womau had been crucified. This was because there had boon too muoh stm for the crop, and to propitiate the King's M Ju Jn " the woman was tied up, with hands and legs outstretched, on tho tree. Tbe third time Mr. Swaiuson visited tins sepulchral city was in 1892 with Cousul Captain Galiway, Br. Hnnley, and Mr. Hutton, and was to try and get the King to sign a treaty. The King kept bis visitors wait ing two hours for the ' palaver." This was to show his Royal d'gnity. Wht>n be appeared ho was dressed in a suit of coral, only his cj'cs, uofii, fiogtr-tips, nud tors being visible, and so rigid wub tbe garment that the King could neither stir not do uuything for himself. An itnmensu umbrella wan bold aver him, and fan- beaters bad all their work cut out to keep their sable ruler cool and tbe flies off. Eventually tho treaty was signed, and then the Kiug in vited tho white men to see him kill his father." This, it was explained, did not mean the actual murder of the former King, as he had been dead many years, but it was tbe anuivereay of his death, and every year it was supposed that the worthy parent's spirit rose from the ground, and " to lay the ghost," 18 meu were kille d. Captain Galiway not only declined the iuritation, but told the King, through tbo inter preter, that such boniblo sacrifices would not be permitted lu future. "Whether the interpreter ciimvuycu iuu mil uiuuuiug ui mo wurun iu tuo King could not bo kuown.but tho Kiug laughed, aud tho matter ended. The 18 men were killed after the Commissioner had left. The made of sacrifices was most shocking. A rope was tied round the neck of the victim, tho other end bring fastened to the bough of a tree, which was bent by the weight. Tho head of tbe victim was then cut o(f with a sword or large knife, and tbe bouglt of the tree flew book, burling the head into the air, and allowing the body to fall to tho earth. 