SYDffiiiY BY DAY. Membqrs of tta Granville Debating Club hove just decided by a majority of one voto that the jjolioy of the Reid Government in taking tho. duty off sugar by instalments is not inconsistent ttltli free-trade. The judgment of Gtanvllle ill this matter must ho endorsed, iljbis can bo shown by Illus tration. It is hot inconsistent with a policy of murdejt to kill the Victim by inches. It is hot inconsistent with a sentence of doath to '.execute the Condemned by the Chinese method of gradiially cutting slices off him. The thing is, .indeed, so obvious tliat it is surprising tlittt the Granville do-- haters took the trouble to argue it. An appropriate thomo for their next intel lectual wrestle would he furnished by the contention of certain foreign-trade organs that to neutralise the effeots of the with drawal of the duty dn sugar by compensa ting the growers with lA.'bonus of equiva lent value would not he inconsistent with. ree-trade. Or, better still, that n'o pro tective pi?Ofceeding'hy:a'free-trftde Ministry is or can'he inconsistent with free- trade. The amateur, fishermen of New South Wales and pf that, exotio locality known as Newtown combined >to , entertain them selves and eaoh other on Wednesday evening, and seem to have gone unneoos- sarily out of their way for method of enjoyment. An excellent programme of songs and a couple of eccentric dances diffused felicity drouiid among the Assembled 200 amateur fishermen. It was remarked' of a famous college pro fessor that' ho was ! infinitely more taken Up ivith his decidedly question able skill as a chess player than with his established celebrity as a scholar. The same perversity must have affected the ainateur flsherinen wlieh they were at pains to entertain eaoh other by singing and dancing. It would have been bo easy to have kept each other in roars by Bimply narrating some of their stock of true fish- ing stories.' nut pernaps .upon uuiulbui: flshefmon aihatbur fishermen's stories do not have tlie delightfully mirth-inspiring effeot which tliey produce upon lay hoarors. Bathiirst is bathed in blushes. Or should he. It permitted our esteemed Governor to arrive without any firing of great guns, discharge, of Chinese oraokers, or banging of gongs. There was mo harmless, neces sary Mayor, to meet him, atld the " charming little daughter"; of the very first family never prosented .1. him with a " lovely bouquet." He 1 detrained as modestly as if he were' some common or hedge-side variety of commercial traveller. True, at the lost moment, whoa his Excellency was safely Btowed in a. carriage, a damp Mayor, with hair and > address equally dis hevelled, arrived upon the scene and fran tically demanded of a railway porter if he had seen a loose Governor anywhere around. BathurBt eon never bo celebrated if it goes on like this, and its councillors' names will hover go down to posterity with any con siderable halo about them. The most un- kindest cut of all is that his esteemed Ex cellency was Heard' to say as lio "stepped undeputationisod into the carriage- — '"f hank heaven 1" A young stewardess, who . has been four 1 years at sea, wants the Victorian Marine Board to grant her a second mate's certifi cate. Sho says she knows ' navigation, and expresses. .herself "willing to climb with the best of salts." The young woman has probably been reading wild-cat literature — a penny plain; twopence coloured. Tlio amount of her nautical lore may he gauged from the fact that she evidently supposes a knowledge of navigation and of the mannor of climbing a steamer's rigging qualifies her for the billot she asks. Such a matter as praotical seamanship— handling a sailing ship, stepping masts, sottiug-up rigging, &c.;, &c.; — does not enter into the fair creature's calculations. However, if she can look through a telescope without shutting both eyes, and will solemnly nnd sincerely swear to come on dock without stopping to do up her back hair when all hands are called, tlie Marine Board might give her a show, and thereby assist this latest Now "Woman to the notoriety for whioh Bho pants — she'll have to take to pants, anyway. If there is one thing the present writer is not, it is a distinguished mathematician. He couldn't invent a logarithm, even were a bulldog revolver presented to the place where his brains ought to ho, or tamper with differential calculus if blown from a gun. Also he has a variegated and com prehensive ignorance touching fiscal ques tions. At the same timo ho has success fully grappled with the rudimentary rules of arithmetic, and, consequently, implores Mr. J. P. Gray, who buys fixings here to send to England to make Sunlight Boap, and who was recently interviewed on behalf of the dear old foreign-trade Mel bourne Argus, to explain the subjoined conundrum: — Tho Argus makes Mr. Gray a raft fnaiti slifflwftw freights have been from 2s Qd to 5s a ton oheaper than from London to Melbourne." A littlo further on Mr. G. is mado:to say : " Tallow to-day in Sydney is worth from 15s to JE1 moro than in Melbourne, and this is almost entirely due to the difference in freight." Ergo, if there is only a difference in freights in favour of Sydney of 5s, how IB it that tallow (dependent in value upon freights) is worth 20s moro in Sydney than in Melbourne? How, by any procoss of simple aritlimotio, can tlio difference be tween, say, 0 and 5 be 15 ? But perhaps the " Sunlight" gontloman workB by higher mathematics. Through the past twenty-four hours horror has strongly penetrated the life, and deeds of horror have left their indelible brand oh three soparate localities where heretofore, with one exception, the genius of joyanee, recreation and rest had reigned undisturbed. The first of these is fliof. ill-rinmprl TTernfiAno T3n,v. whip.h so beautifully indents the North Shore westward of Ball's Head. Down on the little strip of beaoh there, bowered in with undeseorated native bush, olose by the shining water, murder has stalked ; and out on the oliffs of the South Head the murderer has completed his crime and fulfilled his own doom. He makes hut one moro thore, it may he said, but in all the attendant circumstances of his ' case he stands one alone, and bequeaths a . memory which stands out ghastly us a gibbet. Yet more ghastly, Uud at present inexplicable, is the tragedy on the Manly esplanade. Every modern adaptation of the old plays of Colin and Phyllis, of Robin and Makyne, have boon played out there often enough, but who expected to find such a sceno as that which ' last night affronted earth and insulted heaven? A woman searco arrived at maturity, her dress giving evidence of comfortable or luxurious material circumstance, but a pistol ball in her brain, and her life blood soaking the sand; We shall by- and-bye have no lack pf material for ghosts about our various ploasuro grounds, if at least a sufficiency of morbid imagination exists to clothe them littkfotsvr r\y t.wiriif.fonft.l farm. t . ZED. 