CRICKET CHATTER. BY FELIX EAST MELBOURNE FOLLOW ON. On Saturday the air was cold, and both players spd iookexs-oa, appreciated the few but' very transient touches of son shine. Towards evening the son dis appeared behind the clouds, and a wind sprang up so chill that Frank Allan shivered in the reserve, and Arthnr Aitken pnt the collar of his sweater half way up his poll, in the manner of Archibald Campbell MacL&ren.; The East on.the Prince of Wales's Birthday had lost 6 for Go in reply to the M.C.C. set of 3G1, and the remaining four wickets added 41. Jack Hariy and M'Michad were the not-out batsmen, and they carried the score by excellent cricket to 97, when a good length ball from Roche fonnd a weak Bpot in M'Michael's defence. The retiring batsman shaped admirably for 23, his strokes all round being artistically executed and entirely free from error. He made one lovely leg- stroke off Roche, Sweet and clean, along the grass to the fence, and the pace of that cnt past Arthnr Aitken $«$her surprised the clever M.C.C. point. Vautiiji dev out at Roche, and was splendidly naCtjht- frhd bowled. The ball, which came to 'Roche at a great pace, hit his hand, dropped to his knee, and was there secured. 8—0—97. Howes also was caught and bowled by Roche. 9—0—97. Lynea. the last man, made a capital off-stroke off O'Halloran to the f» nce, and at 10G Jack Harry let oat at Roche, and the ball fonnd a resting place in tbe sure liaads of Jack Bl&ckham; at tnid-off. Jack Harry's batting was first- class, one off stroke off O'Halloran beipg as beautifully executed a stroke us any seen in the match. His leg play was pretty and fffective, and two or three of bis cats were made in bis best style. He was warmly applauded for his sterling exhibition tor 27. Roche had 15 made off him withoat a wicket, and then captured the font wickets for 2 runs off 22 balls, and his Complete figures are simply superb, viz., 155 -bails, 39 runs, 13 maidens. 8 wickets, or. gn average of 4*87—on a bats man's wicketromeinber. . If tbe East had done In tbe first innings what they"did in the-follow on, we would have had amost interesting contest. Start ing at 23 minutes past 3, toe record at half past fi was 242 for 4 wtckets, and some Capital batting was shown. The first to appear were Van tin and Jack Ham', and at auttn hit Roche hard to the long field, and W. Brace took the chance like an artist. The ball was very close to the grass when be got to it. Vautin hit Roche in fine style to toe aigbt-board for 4. The stand between A. E. Trott and Harry produced £6 runs, and A. K, was tbe firatto go. Though be made three or four capital drives, his form was by no means his Jbest, and he seemed decidedly uncomfortable - - while opposed „ to Bruce, whose bdwlirgf_ jappeared now and then to swerve », the Right. Eventually A. E. played Bruce on; his 32 ; •nrludt-8 «ix< 4's. At 22 past 4, /Frank;...' Liver filled the v*c*ncy, and at 103 a very wlowon* from,Bruce deceived Jack Harry, - >, a»d tn* le t with a beautifuVy- Comp.led 41 to ■in credit . Hfcatrokra toleg and 'to the off -ottld not well beaurpasied for neatness, mid be met with cordial applause. Then ensued ' the 8t*nd of the day between' Laver and » *■ n Btuckey, and! have noshing but the heartiest laudation toSthe pair. Ross was obhced to bring allASkbowling strength into requisi tion and to Hfijftwchanfres again and ogam. Vain were the efforts for a long time, but it's lia long lane, kc., you know ; and at last, at 227, Frank Laver tried to pull Wilson, and "not getting fair hold, gave Roche a chance, and the M.C.C. crack bowler ran well toward short-leg and sealed Franks fate. His 69 includes 12 fours, ana I think Jack Blackh <m can vouch for the power behind them, for those that went to the fence were not one whit harder than the veteran "keeper" had to stop at mid-olf. Once or twice I noticed that ne wrong his fingers after impact with the Laverian drives. In palling Frank was telling,and sound, and lie made two or three capital cuts. 1 he partnership resulted in an addition of 1-4, and on returning to the pavilion Laver was greeted in the uio9t encouraging way. Every body was pleased to note that his form seemed more like his form of jast season than any preceding display by him thiB sea ion. Once the board showed Laver 41, Stuckey 41, last man out 41. Stuckey and Carter played out time, and the formers essay for 61 (not out) was worthy of being bracketed with his very best innings. So tar as I observed, Stuckev did not give a chance, and throughout his stay his defence was Bound as a hell. Scarcely an instance occurred of hesitancy, in negotiating the deliveries of the various bowlers pitted against him. His leg-glancing yielded a fair share of runs, and on the off side he meted out punishment now and then with force and precision. ^ et I noted that certain off balls which should have been sent travelling were played hard on the, turf, and, as a consequence, ihey stopped,within a few yards of the crease.. Altagether Stuckey max" be highly complitpentkd; and his 61 not out coming after his-62-not out against;N<v;h Melbourne, it is reasonable-to -assume 4hat this very ableiletMiaiiSdd'. luttBin&n; ha? ton into troe form'. lie. i9 credited with-six ■fs. Carter shaped well during his slioft -stay for 5 not out. The M.C.C. fielded in gopd form all ronnd. Bruce was as.agile -and accurate in picking up as ever, and ilson did some smart bits of work., Roche made two good catches, and Ross, with the gloves, though below his best, did sound service. Jack Blackham had plenty to do at mid-off, and he did it very well. Aitken, at point, was neat and true throughout. Though Roche sent down many fine overs he came out with only one wicket for ,58. Bruce captured two for 47, and Wilson one for 46. C. M'Leod bowled 78 balls for 42 runs. KORTII V. SOUTH. When the air is at all cold yon feel it to the full on the beautiful ground of the South Melbourne club. I do not know whether there is any affinity between a bleak after noon and inability to hold chances, but I do know that Borne of the North Melbourne fellows think there is. They reckon that they missed seven chances, four of them before a wicket had fallen on Saturday. Giiler was missed by Maplestone before starting an account, and Dick Honston missed an easy chance of stumping ' him. Notwithstanding these two errors, Giiler merits most favourable mention for his in nings of 107. Taking no liberties, he kept the ballon the carpet, and made the most of every opportunity presented for executing leg-glides and cuts, both square and late. He looked set for the afternoon, but at last Ernest Bean managed to get one past, and Giiler retired to meet Inll-handed plaudits from the oc cupants of the reserve. Tatchell's innings of 59 was a first-rate exhibition of resolute and attractive batting, and more than one com ment was passed to the effect that he has hot shaped better for a long time, the long and strong clean forward stroke being manifested as in his palmy days- at Richmond. Not a chance mars Tom's entertaining essay. Sam Morris contributed a sterling 29, which included a capital fiver eff M'CIelland. Sam's cottage escaped on this occasion. There is, however, a blot on Sam's innings, for he was missed by W. Carlton off brother Jack's first ball. Rose played gennine cricket for 15, and a line is due to Jacobs for his 17. Sundries totted up to 24, and at call of time the Southern record stood at 277 for 9 wickets. If the weather be fine to-day an interesting finish may be expected. I am informed that North Meibonrne have not fielded so poorly for -the last 10 years as they did on Saturday. TOMMY WARNT'S DAY OUT. This able and popular Carlton batsman resumed against St. Kilda with 33 to iiis name, and Iris partner, llolfe, had 15 to his credit. Hall and Fenton were the bowlers, and when Rolfe had added three he suc cumbed to a fast- rising ball from Hall. 3—18—SO. Hastings had just reached the double, and was going well, but in trying to place Hall to leg the ball rose abruptly, and went from the shoulder of his bat to Fitz patriek at point. 4—10—92. Blackham got 11 in four hits, and was neatly taken by Burton behind the sticks. Five for 117. Hetherington opened in his old free style, and having rattled up 18 was taken in the Blips by Vauglian off a fast one from Hall. Six for 162. Warue at this stage had 83 to bis credit, and played the bowling from the start with case and finish. Pullar, who batted in his customary taking style for 22, had the bad luck to play Hall hard on. Pullar's leg strokes were excellently exe cuted. Hannah and Collins were speedily sent to. the right- about, and nine had fallen for 208. Collins seems to be changing from freedom into stonewalling, and his com rades rightly consider that the change is not calculated to improve his batting. An derson was the last Carltonian to toe the crease, and as Warne wanted four to com plete his century. the spectators, especially those in the pavilion, watched every bau and every stroke with eager nnd anxious expectancy. Anderson was determined to do .Xdl lte fen ew to keep his end up, and for IJjfpbnce discarded his well-known aggres niife tactics, nnd played with such care and caution as to provoke presidential com yp«mW.ion. Fenton sent down three suc ceBsive thaidehs to Tommy, and then the Mniirtn rang, a beautiful drive to the fence pkhiag 'fhethree figures ip front of his csmetmihe score-sheet. -Forthwith Ander SOn opened liis . shoulders in his merriest manner, knocking Hall for a fiver, and nuSting the veteran warriorM'Bbane to the time of 14 in one 'Over. Anderson's ' i best iRnstrate Ids ding-dong doings ,4,45,4. He was caught by neiir. roe boundary, and received of applause for Ids spirited would bs difficult to he carried his bat right through for the ] fine score of 12S, made without giving the! semblance of a chance. All round the j wicket he was at ease and at home. A large portion of his runs resulted from neat i cuts, leg-glides, and leg hits, and those who fancy that his driving lacks power should have seen his driving on Saturday. It is all the more to his credit that he acquitted himself so well for the reason that the bowling was really good in the main, Fen ton, though he did not manage to secure a wicket, being about the spot over after over. On returning to the pavilion, Tommy met with an ovation, and his bright eyes glistened and his face beamed with pleasure as he raised his head-gear in acknowledg ment of the enthusiastic greeting accorded him, in which the seasidcrs to a man gener ously joined. The intercolonial selection committee will, doubtless, keep their pick ing eye open on Tommy, Hall, of St. Kilda, emerged with five for 89 off 228 balls, lie clean bowled Kolfe, Pullnr, and Collins, and maintained a good length. M'Shane got three for 62, off 90 balls, and A hern one for 41 off 60 balls. The ground-fielding of the Saints was susceptible of improve ment in some instances, but the catching was goodi Vaughan and Fitzpatrick put in a lot of useful work, and Fret! Burton with the gloves was the Fred of old. The stand for the last Carlton wicket produced 75, and St. Kilda had the heavy set of 386 I to face. Ahem and Benlke were the open ing pair, and when six had bc-en scored, Beulke, by whom they were made, was I smartly snapped up in the slips by Hannah. Burton and Ahcrn played out time, scoring 25 (not out) and 19 (not out) respectively. Blackham at point missed Ahern when he had made a dozen, and Fred put one or two dangerously close to fieldsmen. The Saints were handicapped by the absence of Phil pott, who had sprained his ankle. THE HAWKS L\ FORM. On the first day in reply to the Fitzrov j total of 232 Hawkshurn had lost five wickets ! for 142. Vigorous as was the batting shown | by Eddie Rush and others in tl»c compila tion of that number, it was outshone on •Saturday by the gallant remaining men, J whose wholesome, substantial doubles pre sent an appearance in keeping with the bright records of last season, when the Hawks overshadowed all opponents in the affiliated clubs competition, and won golden opinions by (lie lustre of their unbroken ■ line of decisive victories, which gained for them well-merited advancement to the list now fighting for the senior pennant of 1896 Tlie Hawks who distinguished theni | selves on Saturday were—Taylor 82 not out, Begg 65, Loc-kell 57, and H. Rush 49, and it is reported to me that <he wood was so | energetically applied by these players that j the Fitzrov fieldsmen were kept constantly 1 in active pursuit of the errant leather. While the lookers-on were waiting for the hoisting of 400 the Hawks gave up the ghost, and bad to rest content with an ag gregate of 397. or an addit ion of 255 for five wickets. Fitzroy at their second attempt lost one wicket for 28, Ellis shaping in ani mated style for 23 not out. KON-PF.NNAXT MA TCH—RICHMOND V. rXIYERSITV. T am glad to see that Alf Haddrick's bat- ] ting star is once more in the ascendant. Verily, I was almost afraid that he was | about to recede into the shade. BuL one's luck caii't always be dead out, can it, Alf? A good batsman is bound to come again, and | that Alf is a good batsman is known to all \ of us. Hetting the ball on the full face of j the bat lie showed correct timing during | the greater pari of his stay, and is credited with several capital strokes. In all he put up 7S, and did not give a show to the field until he had reached tfie seventies. His comrades were delighted at his success, and his own smiles at the finish were a sufficient indication of all the joy he felt. Next to Alf comes Sutherland with a capital 50, in composing which he appeared to much ad vantage. bis strokes all round being the out come of thorough concert between hand and eye, allied to genuine skill in handling the willow. R. Kelly's 40 was a brisk essay, and the well-known Riclnnondite, Whitehead, put his 24 not out together in his usual capable and artistic maimer. Dobson was shaping neatly when he had the bad luck to be tain out for 15. Henry did far and away the best with the ball for University, five wickets falling to hiin for 33 runs. AFFILIATED CLUJ5S... . After liaving vapishe^ffito space or where else the? affiliated clubs-appear again in all the glory of /iriiit, and though tlifej totals are not large^ Hie cricket .(lispSaJ'ed j in all departments 6f Hie game was up tpj true affiliated form. I cannot .say-more.' When I say the totals are not large/please'1 except Brighton, who in their second in nings against Hawthorn put up an aggre- j gate of 298. Our old friend H. kL Church maintained that elegant style on which I ] afore time commented, and augmented his 36 not out by 24. Lest you may liave for gotten all about the era in which the 36 was ! amassed, I search the tablets of my memory, and find that he played that not out game in the remote past of 3lst Octo ber. Prosecuting the search I ascertain that two of Brighton had fallen for 51, and ; subtracting this number froiu 298, the re sult is 247 to be divided between the Brightonians who sported their figures at | the baiting creases on Saturday. In addi tion to Church, there were seven double figure contributors, and'the greatest of these, is Pender, who .merits favourable mention for his 61, Vendy played well for; 47, and respectable performers in the 20's are Bosehall (24), Brown (29), and Roberts (20). Thompson deserves a word of praise for bis 10 not out. Bedggood took three of Brighton for 61, Abud two for 49, and Edgar Barrett two for 86. Fearless and fresh, Dr. Barrett and Bedggood made light of the task assigned them, and at call of time were fit as fiddles, with 78 up for no wickets, the doctor not out 29, and his part ner notput 43. For EsSendon Christian -was on the bowl ing warpath against Port Melbourne, who bit the dust so rapidly that they carried their 4j2.fqr.four wickets to only 97. Begg was quite a hero with 3l, arid Purvis (18) and Park *" f-18) were the -other - doubles Christian-captured fire wickets fori? and Sanipford - three for 47.* At their second attempt. Esaendon realised 150/of Winch Christian made 34, Rainsay 20, KylorlO, Buzolich 13, Peterson 12, anA- fThorgood 16 Moon took fire wickets for.39 antlCrigh toil four for 60. " I WilUamstown, who had lost three wickets Ifqr 44 against Coburg, continued until *11 wwp out for 131, - Hantoahi not ' lop scorer. Henderson and Grubb, wlio also got doubles,"were dealt with iu the dim past or early history of this game. T. 1 at terson got six wickets for 52 off 127 balls and J. Patterson three for 53 off 90 balls. Coburg lost seven wickets for 139, and those who acquitted themselves creditably are D. Mailer (40 not out), Morg. Irwin (44), and Warrick (26). THE FOLLOW-ON". The committee appointed by the New South Wales association to consider the let- J ter from klr. Perkins, secretary of the Marylebone Club, respecting the "iollow on," reported at a meeting of the associa- j tion on Monday night that the rule as at present existing should be retained as far a6 it relates to the number of runs (120) rendering the follow-on compulsory, but in their opinion the side who held the lead sliould have the option with regard to ordering a follow-on. ITEMS. Old Carltonians, especially those as sociated with the football clnb, have read I with regret the announcement of the death of Fred M'Intosh. He was thrown from his horse neat Omeo, and fatat results ensued, fired started with the old club in 1880, and was a good, sturdy, game player, who never knew what fear was; for years he was a very active member of the committee. In 1881 he was chosen intbe Victorian football team that visited Sydney. Many cricketers knew Fred M'Intosh well, and cricketers and footballers I alike are sorry to hear of his sad and untimely decease. In the reserve at East Melbourne on •Saturday I had the pleasure of meeting the old intercolonial player and manager of the lirsl Australian team, Jack Conway. It was interesting to listen to his reminiscen tic exchanges with the president of the Jolimonters about the ancient AObotsiord club, and how the Coppiu Challenge Cup was won. It was out of the Abbotsford club that the famous East Melbourne club grew, and Sir. A. E. Clarke was its chief founder, and Jack Conway was bis chief colt. I had not seen t lie old warrior. Jack,! for a long time, and we harked back to old times, and revived many au agreeable anec dote about trips to Sydney, Adelaide, Mew Zealand, and, above all, to to'wd country. I wish we had in Melbourne to-day as fine a fast bowler as Jack Conway was in his prime. What a grand delivery he had. coming up to the crease in all the pride of I his glorious strength, and, after a succession | of beautiful arm curves, sending the ball! along at a pace that even Tom Richardson j himself could not surpass. Wet weather prevailed in Sydney on (Saturday, and only two senior contests were I played. Paddington made 187 for five | wickets against North Sydney, M. A. Noble playing well for SS. A. MKenzie | scored 47, and Trumper 34. Central Cumberland met Redfem, and W. Hawke was in such slaughtering humour that the Centrals fell for 93. Hawke got seven wickets for 49. lied fern lost two wickets for 13. In Adelaide, Port Austral were dismissed ' for 190 by (South Adelaide. E. Eeak made' 48. Norwood encountered Adelaide, and put up ] 255 for eight wickets. Hewer did some good : cutting in making 63. Jack Ly».s is re ported to be the same oiu carbine, and lie : was going hearty when run out for 26. j Evans 66 and Aph. -Tarvis 49 were the j chief performers towards the 209 made by, Hindmarsh against Ninth Adelaide, who ! have lost one wicket for 29. j To-day will probably he Fred Rolfe's last' appearance with Carlton this season, the! Golden West;being the magnet that is draw-1 ing liim av.a.v from his old comrades. II hear that Leith, of the M.C.C. ground 6taff, j may be asked to fill the gap in the ranks of | Carlton. While running ljclwe*n wickets on Satur day Frank Haver ricked himself. First Alf I Carter ran for liim, and when Alt retired to put his pads on, Pete M'Alister took up the running, and made no mistakes. At a meeting of the New South Wales Association on Monday night it was de cided to send 12 players to visit Adelaide and Melbourne during December for inter colonial matches. J. C. Davis was appointed manager, and J. W. Evers umpire. \ The selection committee of the New Poptli Wales association have written to ^tmnk Iredale and other S.vdneyites in the .Australian team, asking if they will be available for the approaching match against $South Australia. Bits from American reports of the Aus tralian matches:—"Coates deserved a pea cock feather, with any number of eyes and 'slathers' of yellow jackets." "Wood was working wrttrthh. enthusiasm of a Kneipe cure patient in a nettle patch, smashing boundaries to left and right" "Balston's hands have been so badly bat tered. in this match that they are swollen to resemble small sides of bacon." " 'At last,' murmured the club-house con tingent, 'will we best the after- dinner hoodoo which has been pursuing our boys/ but no sooner said than the self-same hoo doo made its appearance in the shkpc of an off-breaker from M'Kibbin, and Wood was done lor." At University football practice in Phila delphia our men were present, and some of them showed they were no noyices at Rugby game. Jones; the fast bowier, drop kicked a number of-beautiful goals from the 40-yard mark, and gave a magnificent ex hibition of place-kicking. Gii „ w Gitfen is also a good kicker. ■ "Captain Trott has taken muck interest in curve-pitching. Yesterday morning, before play began^Tommy Stokes, of Penn-. sylyania, shpwed Trott, Jones, and M'Kib bin some of the twists and gyrations which puzzle the stare of the diamond. Jones de veloped a remarkable 'in-shoot,' of which his. rrinroliome-, He says that he took; the wickets of Jtfoble and Clarke with this ! na^b^ppocess, and that baseball trie have power fbr k great results on a cricket cwwkO. The . Anstraliatis practised. and] ■ * * ^ - pitching for two hours, and, _ y httpressed. Captain frrott curvf bail rouhd abatsman** file Isf^pereevcring, and expects " »ot out ofotef s tqtal of Sftt. Hk was at the wickets for five hours, and only ! two chances, both difficult, can be urged I against him. li team scored 150 and 89 for five wickets. G. Officer batted well for 50 uot out. Alf Carter scored 118 at Brighton on Wed nesday for East Melbourne against Brighton. He hit two sixes. ' He wsb missed off the first ball of an over, hit the next ball for 4, was caught in the Blips off the next, and given not out; heaving & sigh of relief her let out at the next ball and landed it clean over the outer fehce for 6. A. E. Trott played a fine strong game for 92, not out, and the last four balls be received were pro lific of rnnB, viz.:—4, C, 2, 5. As it was right on time at this stage, the bowler declined - to finish the over, for fear hiB average might suffer. The East record was 237 for 2 wickets. Brighton fell for exactly 100, and A. E. Trott was very much about with 9 wickets for 60. The Bishop of Melanesia (Bishop Wilson) was in the Jolimout reserve on Saturday watching the match between E.M.C.C. and M.C.C. At the close of the East first fil ings he walked out and inspected the pitch with Mr. A. E. Clarke, president of the East, and Mr. J. M'Laugblin, a vice-president of the M.C.C. The Bishop played, I under stand, for Kent, and once had as an oppo nent the M.C.C. player Mr. Wilson, formerly of Sussex County, tq whom Mr. Clarke in troduced him on Saturday. Messrs. Bruce, Boss, and Laver were also introduced to the Bishop. I have received a pleasant letter from Mr. O. A. Knipe, the editor of the "American Cricketer," published in Philadelphia by the Cricketers' Association of the United States. Mr. Knipe says—" Accept my congratula tions upon the splendid results that hare been attained by your 1896 team in Eng land." Mr. Knipe makes reference to the visit of former Australian Elevens to the fsmous city; and as one of tho9e who had a trip through the States 1 can SAy that the delightful memories of the American people, their cities, woods, and streams, are not diminished, but mellowed, by the lapse of .years. ,W«s them ^yer a more beautiful ten-mile drive than yebpdthat lovely Indiah sfimiupr mornlhg.ip Vcoach and six by the* shady .trees and the batiks of the beantit'u) river?, In mind the ltndMfcpah still The river glides, the.woods beforejpe I tasfeW. " J efore jpe xarjf. 