CHAPTER VI. When the train in which Doctor John was returning to Denver suddenly stopped at a place where there was only the small brown house of a switchman, the doctor looked out of the window with relief. He thought it very hard that on his first trip across the plains in so many years there should be only stupid people in the car, not a congenial soul with whom to compare the present times with the old. Doctor John had crossed the plains in an ox-wagon, and he would so have liked to discuss that voyage with some pioneer or new-comer eager to hear about it. He sup- posed there was an accident : there had been two stops already about the hot box. A crowd passed the window carrying some- thing—he could not see what, for those standing around. He craned his neck, his professional instincts aroused. A worried-looking woman in the door of the brown house seemed to he denying the sufferer entrance with animated gestures and angry shakes of her frowzy head. Three white-haired little children hung to her skirts, and she pointed to them in proof of her as- sertions. Doctor John half rose as the con- ductor came in the car. ' It there a doctor here ?' the man said, eagerly. ' There's a woman very sick ; just taken from the day-coach. That hag out there wouldn't hardly give her shelter.' ' What seems to be the matter ?' asked Doctor John, briskly. The condnctor hesitated : ' Well, sir, she's a young woman, but I think she's married.' The ladies in the car took up their books in disgust. An elderly, portly man in front of Doctor John buried himself behind his newspaper : Doctor John knew him to be a physician. ' I'm a doctor,' said Doctor John, gather- ing up his belongings. ' I shall be glad to see what I can do.' ' You may be detained over a train,' hesitated the official ; ' and she's evidently poor,—hasn't any baggage.' ' I am, fortunately, able to attend to the suffering without having my pay dangled before my eyes to spur me on,' growled Doctor John, passing the lady readers with looks of disgust. ' Not one of 'em offered even a shawl : and the sick creature I sup- pose is destitute.' He pushed through the crowd gathered about the house, and dispersed them with very vigorous English. A pleasant-faced young man handed him a roll of bills : ' I collected that in our Pullman. We're not all so heartless as you say.' ' So that's you, Jimmy Watson,' smiled the doctor. ' I ask your pardon ; before this I thought you were just a dude. I shall tell your mother there is hope for you.' ' Thanks,' laughed the younger man. ' There's twenty-five dollars. I suppose though, your fees gobble it all up.' ' To the last cent, Jimmy : that's why I got off the car.' He shut the door smartly in the face of the crowd, and, finding the switchman's wife in the small hall, said, severely, ' I suppose you call yourself a Christian woman, ma'am.' ' There hain't no meeting-house in this forsaken country not for forty mile, jest plains,' she said, sourly, ' and having a family of my own, I ain't obliged, if my man do work on the railroad, to take into my house strangers with complaints as may be catching.' ' Well, this is, I take it,' grinned the doctor, ' to your sex.' She smiled a little grimly, and took up her youngest child in a motherly sort of way that pleased the keen observer. ' You've got a kind heart ; your tongue runs away with you, that's all. And now do your best for the sick woman. I have plenty of money to pay you.' ' I—I put her in my bed,' said the woman, shyly. ' She's a pretty little thing, and is clean out of her head, but she ain't no wedding-ring.' ' Well, she is punished now, poor girl, for her share in the wrong-doing, without you and me saying anything.' ' All aboard !' sounded outside. As the train rattled away, Doctor John went softly to the little room where the emigrant woman lay unconscious of this world, so nearly on the threshold of the next. In the chill gray of early dawn Doctor John came oat in the kitchen, where Jonas Macon, the switchman, pat over the fire: he had been forced to sleep in his chair the long night after a day's work. The hospitality of the poor often means personal depri- vation. ' Is she goin' to live ?' asked the man. ' I hope so. The baby is a fine boy.' ' Both on 'em better dead, if what wife thinks of her is true,' sighed the man. ' As for the boy, if he must grow up and work as I've done, never gettin' no further, he won't thank you for a savin' of him.' ' He may turn out a great man some day ; and then, ' said Doctor John half to himself, —' she is not a common or uneducated woman, the mother,—he may be the better for the story of his birth, strive to rise the higher for it.' ' Likely as not he won't. Them 'sylum children don't amount to much in general. Takes a mighty smart man to comc out of the mud.' ' Your wife has done nobly by her,' said the doctor. ' She has the best heart.' ' She is kind,' muttered the man, ' an' she have stood about everythin' a woman can stan'. I'll git my own breakfast. You tell her to turn in an' sleep with the kids awhile.' The doctor went back to his patient, and Mrs. Macon brought the little flannel bundle out by the stove. Later the children were wild about it. Did the train leave the baby ? were they going to have it always ? and could they see in the windows of the trains, as they passed, lots of baby faces looking out for mothers to take them ? At night, Mrs. Macon woke the doctor, who was taking a nap on the children's bed. ' I think, sir,' she said, worriedly, ' the the little lady is gone out of her head. She's feeling round in the bedclothes for a dog, and calling one pitiful-like.' ' I have been a blind fool !' cried the doctor. ' I felt all the time I'd ought to know her.' He ran to the sick-room, and, luckily, had some quieting medicine in his case. The sufferer, however, resisted long, as she slept sighed, and one tiny hand felt around nervously, while the other, clinched hard in the sheet, resisted all pres- sure to open it. The next morning the white-haired chil- dren were very quiet ; they played a long way from the house, and towards evening Doctor John kept them by him in the kitchen telling stories. To this day the youngest one looks in vain for a baby to come by train that shall be his own property, an illusion created by the doctor's stories. ' She's asleep,' said Mrs. Macon, coming out, ' and here's a little purse I found in her pocket. I couldn't get it before, for, looney as she has been all day, she watched me if I went near her things.' A shabby little purse containing only a five-dollar bill and a card,—Craig Oliver's with his office address. ' I didn't need this to tell me,' said the doctor. ' She is a married woman all right, Mrs. Macedon : her name is Minny de Res- taud, and her people are well-to-do. How she came here I haven't the faintest idea ; she disappeared last fall, and her aunt has searched all over the country for her.' ' You're the kind doctor who stayed off the train on account of me,' she said, faintly. ' You were ever so good, but I'd much rather have just died. She' (with a weak glance at Mrs. Macedon) ' told me about you.' ' Most women would be pleased with that nice little baby.' 'Would they ?' indifferently. ' It has black eyes, and is so ugly. Besides it has no sense. My dog knew everything.' ' Tut ! tut !' scolded the doctor : ' that is not pretty talk.' ' You act like my old-maid aunt.' ' Weren't your dog's eyes black too, Mrs. Minny ?' ' How did you find my name ?' she cried, piteously. ' And you can't call me that ; for some one I love dearly has that name for me.' ' You said it when out of your head,' said Doctor John, calmly. ' Now go to sleep.' ' But I've got lots of things I must attend to about him,' looking at the baby curiously. ' You see, having him makes me different. I feel I must do things for him I don't want to tell.' ' To-night will do.' ' I might die.' ' You are not in the slightest danger, nor is the boy ; and, though you have had your own way a long time,—possibly too long,— you must mind now.' She obediently closed her eyes, and in the late afternoon when Doctor John returned greeted him with a radiant smile. ' I'm quite sure I am going to die,' she said, happily, ' and you don't know how glad I am. I feel so good and sensible. I know I can't live long. Now I want you to write out legally all about the child and me, how I came here. His name is to be Fran- cois—French for Francis, you know—de Restaud, after his grandfather, who is a general in France. His father's name is Henri de Restaud. My name, which is funny, is Minerva Patten de Restaud, and my old aunt Hannah Patten, in Newcastle, Maine, has my marriage certificate and all my other papers. She took them away when she visited me up in the valley of the Troublesome. She was afraid my husband might take them from me and say we were not married if he wanted to go back to his people in Paris. I never wanted to see any of them ; one member of the family was enough' (with the ghost of a smile) ; ' but the baby has made me see things differently. The family are very rich, and there is only one heir, Henri's older brother's son. Henri said he was sickly, his mother's family being consumptive. That little baby may grow up a man, and he would hate me because I had not looked after his interests. Of course it will seem strange to people in France that I was here without anybody, and that is why I want you and the Macons to witness a legal paper telling all about it.' ' I have half a mind to send to Denver for a lawyer,' said Doctor John. ' If the little boy's claims should ever be disputed,—and they might, you know,—it would be best to have everything right. Besides, the French people are great for documentary evidence, certificates of births, and such things.' ' I suppose you had better,' she sighed, lying back on her pillow, ' but I hate any more people to know. I've had such a long peaceful time, I am sorry to have to go back to quarrelling.' ' Mrs. Minny, before you go to sleep I will tell you something, but you most not ask a question, for you have talked enough. I know all about you. I was Craig Oliver's guest last fall, and I have seen and talked to your aunt Hannah : so you need not think me a stranger, but an old friend eager to serve you.' She caught his hand with her frail little one and turned her face away without speak- ing. He sat by her until she slept, and he felt, as Oliver had done, that she was a woman ; and doubly dear by that clinging helplessness. A week had Mrs. Minny been sick at the switchman's house when Doctor John tele- graphed to Oliver to send a lawyer to the station. He also added, ' If Hannah Patten is in Denver, send her along.' He had tele- graphed to Newcastle and found she was not there. When by special order the train stopped at the lonely brown house, Doctor John was on the watch. He went daily to the track for papers, having established communica- tion with different conductors. He had re- ceived no answer to his message sent the day before, and he surmised that Oliver, with his usual attention to business, and sent a lawyer directly the message was received. The station was only a night and part of a day's ride from Denver. To his surprise and dismay, Oliver himself stepped down from the train, turned, and assisted a tall lady to descend, a lady much burdened with parcels and carrying a large basket. There was no chance to speak until the train was gone : then Miss Fatten said, calmly— ' Where is she ?' The doctor pointed to the house. ' I must tell her first,' he said, in a whisper : ' she is still very week, and the surprise might upset her. Where did you come from ?' ' Bosting. I've traced her, but went on to Denver instid, an' was in Mr. Oliver's office when the telegram come. Him being a law- yer, I persuaded him to come too.' While she spoke, the basket in her hand tilted up and down, and a mysterious whine name out of it. Mrs. Minny, wide awake, was being entertained by the white headed trio : they were discussing whether they would rather have a baby or a dog to play with : they decided in favor of the latter, for they had never had a canine friend, while there was a new baby every year or so : in fact, the oldest girl had a care-worn look on account of her duties as nurse. In the door of the house appeared a white-headed child who called out shrilly— ' Lady wants to know what's squeaking out here.' ' Says she's going to get up and see, if Doctor A-corns don't come and tell her,' shrieked a second white-head. Miss Patten opened the basket, and a fluffy mass of disapproval bounced out, spun around, and made a vicious dash at Miss Patten's ankles, while she stood a statue of patient endurance. ' I'm used to it. He hates the basket,' she said, shaking him off. ' I can't blame him, for I've fetched him clear from Bosting.' ' Says she just knows it's her dorg,' yelled the third white-head ; and the doctor, with various inane cajolements, coaxed the dog to the house. Luckily, Mrs. Macon removed the infant ; for, with a wild bark, Skye leaped on the bed, kissed his mistress's wan face, her hands, uttering ioyful little barks, and then, remembering old days, curled himself in a little round heap at her feet, looking at her with affectionate eyes. ' Put the baby down and see if he'll growl,' commanded Mrs. Minny. ' You heartless thing !' scolded Doctor John. Mrs. Macon gingerly laid the baby on the bed. Skye sat up all interest and amaze- ment, then with depressed demeanor slunk to his feet and scuttled over the side of the bed out of the room. How Mrs. Minny laughed ! Miss Patten heard her. ' It's many long days since I could laugh,' she said, grimly. ' She is only a child,' said Oliver. He wished he had not come : he should have sent his clerk. ' Is Aunt Hannah out there ?' asked Minny, softly. ' Yes. She brought the dog.' ' Is she very, very angry with me ?' pite- ously. ' I did not want to be caught and made to go home. I want to tell her, though, if she worried, how sorry I am.' ' She can come if you will be quiet and let her do the talking,' cautioned Dr. John. ' I'll be good,' she answered, eagerly. ' You know I do everything you tell me to. What will she think of him ?'—with a look of pride at the red-faced bundle. ' After that she can never call me frivolous again. Why, she's quite a young thing in ex- perience beside me. Wasn't she good to bring my dog ?' Aunt Hannah meant to be severe and cold, perhaps to speak her mind a little ; she had not forgiven the long, anxious months ; but the sight of the girl lying there white and frail, the baby in her arms, softened the stern old face, and with a sob she knelt down and gathered both to her breast. 