SAYINGS AND DOINGS. In travollingsontb from Montrose Burghs recently, after his election, it is' recorded that Mr. John Morloy stopped at Wavorloy station, Edinburgh. Tlio guard, an old acquaintance, camo nlong, and opened tho ilnnp nf the nx.Irisli Sncrotarv's carriage. " "Well, Mr. Morloy," said ho, " shall wo put you out at Newcastle ?" "No, thank you," was tho reply, with ft quiot smilo ; " I've boon jiut out there already." Tlio Japanese, sinco tlieir occupation of Formosa, have made a discovery ; of tho very first importance for English - sailors. Its nature iB moro or loss indicated in tho following notice issued by tho Hydrograpliio . Office of tho Admiralty: — "The Japanese Government has given notice, dated Do- ecmbor 4, 1805, that tlio lighthouse (fixed reu onu wmtu uglit) on Nan-Bha or fcioutn : po,, Itormoshiuifintirely- disnppenrGd.''--- .u When Canon Farrnr loft America . soma years ago, ho told l'hillips Brooks that ho was going to givo a farewell lecture on his impressions of Amorica. Brooks, who was n thorough American and a person of cx- collont couimonsonse, said to him promptly, " Don't do any such thing. In tho first placo you havo no impressions, and in tho second place they aro all wrong." In ono of tho Sydney courts recently a fledgling barrister askod a witness why lfo bad not paid a certain sum 011 a cortain date, to which tho witness replied that at tho time ho was hard up. "Hard up!" ocliood tli'o legal light, " what do you wish tho court to understand by that expres sion?" "I think wo nil understand what ' hard up ' means," remarked his Honor, "You need not troublo the witness to explain it." . An .advertisement in tho Times affords a striking instaneo of ono of our modoru pro blems — say, rather, tragedies : — " Mrs. H. Q. has Belooted a nursery govonio3s, and bogs to inforui tho 700 othur candidates thut' the photographs with which stamps wore sent will ho presently returned." Sovcn hun dred out-of-work nursery governesses seek ing ono pluco, wliilo if you wanted a -cook there might bo at most some seven applica tions. But naturally (observes tlio St. James's Gazette) there was a rush of culturod young women to bo governess to tho cliildron . of so eminent, a man of letters us Mr. " H. Q." ' Tho following bonding to a piece of news ' in an Anioricau piipor is said to" bo tho very latest concerning the now woman ' Ghost in Bloomers. THE NEW WOMAN IIA8 INVADED THH REALM OF THE SPIRIT: WORLD. NEW' SORT OF SPOOK SEEN : V A MYSTIC OIRL ALL IN WHITE! DASHED BV LIKE TAM O' SHANTEii. -;' - THE SPECTRE DISAPPEARS : JUST. WHERE. YEARS AGO BOLD BUCCANEERS .' BURIED ' THEIR STOLEN TRP.A8URE. Horo, suroly, is thu chance which Mr. Stoad has so long and so eagerly looked .. for. . ' , . Sam "Wcllcr's problem about tlio. million- .powor doublo-iingfnifying. ,, optic, . lyflich could soo through "several/doors liihd'down a staircase, is said to liavo booh solved. A11 Italian professor lias " gono ono butter" than Prof. Routgon's photography, and , lias invented an instrument by which tho human oyo can sue right through solid objects. Prof. Salvioni is oven stated to liavo enabled persons witli their own ' oyes, assistod by added rays of invisible light, to sco tlio contents of a closed alumi nium box. As tho Daily Telegraph's corre spondent remarks, this invention, will not only revolutionise optics, but " considerably modify even certain social institutions." Presumably bo refers to thoaccoptod uso of keyholes. Tho noxt invention will bo a light- resisting door. : , Tlio Young Jjontloncr printo. some tradi tional instances of curious ' fuguing. Ono of tlio most amusing is connected with two lines of a liymn something like this : — ' Scud down salvation's power, . . To take a pilgrim homo. It must certainly havo boon, a trifle em barrassing to n huuiorously- inclinod visitor to havo hoard tlio trebles sing, "Send down sal-, send down sal- !" and tlion for the altos to explain, '/To tnko a.pil-, to. tako a pil- ! " And so on — tenors and basses joining in tlio melody — for a few minutes, ? until tlio conclusion was reached us tlio finulo sounded out harmoniously, " To tako u pilgrim homo.!' Great is' tho prowess of? tho Indian native sportsman! Tho Times of India prints, "just as it has reached us," a lurid story of-, a tiger hunt, in which tlio chief figuro was his Highness Maharaja Shri Sir Kesarisinji, K.C.S.I.,of Ednr. After describing tho eight- mile tramp out of Edar, tho trumpeter of his Highness thus delivers his soul: — "Just as tho sun was on tho point of being down tlio signal was given to challenge tho tigor to come out of his don. Majesti cally, though furious and irritated, tho tiger walkod out of liis den, and witli a loud thundor' rcspondod. Ho surveyed tlio surroundings at a glanco and mado his way straight up to tho direction whore his Highness was, as if I10 scented beforehand at whoso hands ho was to moot liis duo. Fury bogot fury and courage, up drow his Highness tho trigger, to level tho gun and to tako aim was an instant's work on tho part of his Highness. Boom went tho gun and tlio object of tho aim was turned into a dead body with a heavy fall." Tho Minister for War in Paris has 4 most intricate question to solve about a singlo eyeglass. There iAu town in France which boasts of two cavalry regiments, and in ono of theso regiments was a lioutonant who woro a monoclo. Ilis colonel'was a martinet who hold strictly by what he considered military etiquette, and thoro- foro forebado tlio lioutonaut to woar his glass, at any ruto when in uniform. Tho lieutenant obeyed, but not long ngo ho was transferred to tlio other cavalry regiment in tho same town, and thocolonol, who liked to sco his officers look Binart, gave him loavo to woar liis single eyeglass. Tho young officer therefore swaggoring down tho street with tho restored monoclo in his oyo, camo faco to faco with his former colonel, who, considering himself insulted, flow into n rago and gave tho unlucky lieutenant two days' arrest. . Tho! other colonol in his turn got into a rago and declared that ho was tho judgo of what his officers should wear. Tho dispute between, tlio two colonols was tlion referred to tho General Commanding tho Brigade, but -as ho could not sottlo it tho General in. Com mand of tho Army Corps was noxt 'applied to, and he too fuilod to docido tho momon-' tous question. In tho last resort tho mat- ter was carried up to tho Minister.for War,- and tho lieutenant, his eyoglass and -the two colonels all await his decision. 