WINE AND STRONG DRINK. To the Editor of the Nepean Times. SIR,-Your correspondent, in hia last commnnication, ignores my letter of January 25, and proceeds to repeat what he wrote in bis first letter of Nov. 16., but is silent regarding all the Scripture I fur nished from the New Tostament on this subjeot. Hia powder must be spent, and the smoke disappeared, and in the bitter ness of hi* nature be seeks to find vent for his spleen in thrusting first at what I have written, then at my personality, in the pride of his nature and falsity of his character, as shown in his several pro ductions. For instance, from the begin ning of his writing nothing has been jbo conspicuous as the use of the letter I by your correspondent, And the untruthful quotation of the Scripture text, as for example, he leaves the saored text, and resorts to the use of ioreign words, which no ordinary reader oan understand, the effect of which is to mystify the Scripture, and render the text supplied to us by the Holy Ghost doubtful. Individual texts have been used for his purpose in part only! when the true meaning was confined to the part omitted, as in the text, " Woe to him that giveth his neighbour drink," when the words, " that thou mayest look upon his nakedness," are withheld. He represents the Nazarite as compelled to abstain, as if his abstinence was permanent, whereas it wais only for a limited number of days, and this was self imposed, not compulsory. He uses the word brawler, as if applicable only to the oonsumer of alcohol, whereas it is never BO used in Scripture. He says the word wine iB spoken of in Scripture as a blessing, and sometimes a .curse.. I asked for one text to show it was a' curse. He has never sup plied it. That it is a blessing I know; that it is ever called a curse I deny. Then, in his following letter of November 28, speaking of wine* he says, " it cheers God and man," and in another, " it biteth like a serpent, and stingeth like an adder." The latter sentence is recorded as the effect of a condemned wine, which the ingenuity of man at that early date produced, the in spired writer was moved to write ; " Look not upon it when it is red, when it giveth his color in the cup." The same writer immediately thereafter says : " Give strong drink unto him that is ready to perish, and wine unto those that be of heavy heartB," clearly implying that the red wine was' drugged, or treated, as to make it unsuitable for use; and then with marked characteristic irreverence, says: I" think we should 'concede that the writers of Soripture were not fools, and are not trying to make fools of us." To find proof that the oup used at the Lord's Supper was not fermented wine, he s^ys: Because the Jews were com manded to put all leaven or yeast out of their houses, and aa fermented wine is leavened grape juioe, they would be break ing orie1" of God's laws to introduce fermented wine." Thus by confusing two institutions for two different people, under two different circumstances, he falls into the error that grape juice is fermented by the introduction of yeast, whereas it ferments by its own inherent pfcrts aoting in combination. He then, to demolish me, assaults the Christian Church, and says that she has not been following Jesus Christ in this matter. The Churoh ia the creation of Christ, and is called by his name. Christ is said to be " head over all to the Church." Christ loved the Churoh, and gave himself for Her. Christ is said to be head of the body of the Churoh. To Peter he said, "upon this rook I will build My Church. After His ascension the Apostles, inspired, went forth, confirming the Ohuroh. Those succeeding the Apostles, as history shows, were greatly endowed with piety and learning in promul gating the Gospel for the enlargement of the Churoh, down for 1850 years, uninter ruptedly. The later clergy, the noble self denying, self- saorificing, John Wesley, who travelled throughout England, to reach the working poor. The miners in their pits heard him gladly. These all, and many more, lifting the cross, crying, " Behold the Lamb of God, that taketh away the sin of the world," never touching the internal arrangement of the Ohuroh, or soiling her Baorameat with their tonoh ; rather they seemed to put their shoes from their feet, when within her preoinots, beoauae of the holiness of the place. Fifty years ago thore oame an organization, social, political, infidel, atheistical, a compound of iniquity, the creation of the prince of darkness.^ who worketb in the children of disobedience. Many good people joined, as though they could gather grapes of thorns and figs of thistleB, became disaffeoted \- like Noah's dove they had no place of rest. New sects were organised only to struggle and to die. Temperance so called was first and last-like the wolf it scattered and then devoured. The process of demolition continued, and according to her highest dignitories the church was greatly distracted by an existing internal fanaticism. Notwithstanding her divine origin, she can suffer like her head ; but if any man defile the temple of God, him will God destroy." He also refers to the Corinthian sacrament, and raises tho doubt on the Soripturo narrative by bringing in two incidents. One refers to the attempt made by Gentiles to blend idolatory with Christianity. The Apostle said, " The cup of blessing which we bless, is it not the communion of the blood of Christ; but the things which tho GentileB sacrifice they sacrificed to devils, and I would not that ye should have fellowship with devils." Subsequently, as recorded in the following chapter, they were receiving the Lord's Supper and partook in the manner of an ordinary feast and some were drunken, to avoid the evidence that the cup administered contained fermented wine. This man con founds the two occasions, and exclaims, " How can we believe that Christ would use that which sends men to hell!" " 2," says he, " prefer to believe that the cup that made them drunk was the cup of devils." Now, sir, I fail to see how any disbeliever could show design more violent and ruinous to assault infuriously the Christian faith for the sake of promoting something he held in preference to it. While there is much of the same sort of quibbling I could call your attention to, it is not pleasant work for me. I pass, therefore, to his last letter of February 1, where he first Bays he did not dispute that the wine in Ihe Bible is intoxicat ing, and then he says, I did dispute that it ia twaddle to speak of two wines-one non intoxicating. He complains that I have not attempted to reply to his principal arguments. I aim aware of this. First, I did not, because he never had an argument, either in the first or second degree. I gave quotations from the Old Testament on this subject, weighty, indisputably, against an unfermeqted wifle, and in support of God's recognition of the use of wine and strong drink as of his creation. I entered upon general ethical and theological considera tions, all pertinent to the question. I considered and reviewed extensively God's paternal, providential, and governmental rule of His great family, to show how im probable it was that the good and kind Creator would leave us without light. " He "giveth understanding to the simple," anil I tried to give it to your correspondent, but he never noticed it; In his last letter he says of it that it was unintelligible rubbish, as few would take the trouble to read. Poor recommendation for a preacher that the purest gospel truths from prophets-Christ and Apostles-failed to interest him, intermixed with beautiful Scripture passages, carefully avoiding all human opinion of my own, or that of other men. You will remember, sir, that I laid the basis in the question " What ia Truth ?" for my course in thia matter, and I have kept to it. I did not at the time anticipate having to do with any one beyond the author of the aheet, who first aroused me ; but a snake always oomea unexpectedly. If I kick a bush and a snake Bticks his head out, I do not create him. I only develop him, and if he seekB to strike his poison into me, he must excuse me if I am severe in treating with him. Your correspondent has 14 paragraphs, in which be alleges that I did not answer or have failed to disprove certain points or facts he has advanced. But the truth is, I have never passed one intentionally. But he also says, I was unable to do it. Very, well, then; it would be unwise for me to try. One, I know, I made no attempt to disprove because it is absurd for a man" to meddle with original languages when he is in need of improvement in his native tongue. Besides, to do so would have the effect of discrediting the authority of the Bible. I have no recollection of shunning any point. I know of no fact, or text, or reoord that I have not produced, lor fear can he say this truthfully, when two of my letters remain unnoticed by him. The Holy Ghost has recorded for our instruction an important description of our natural and spiritual state. The natural, or our sinful Btate is described aB given to " adultery, fornica tion, uncleanness, hatred, wrath, strife, envyings, murder, drunkenness." The spiritual state, is indicated by the effect of spiritual influences in "joy, peace, long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, tem. peranoe." The same agenoy that works the one destroys the other. II organizing a total abstinence society for the suppression of drunkenness be a legitimate aotion, the same, logically considered, would be legiti mate for the suppression of adultery, forni cation, uncleanness, and ita attendant evils. If intoxicants are to be held responsible for drunkenness, and its oreation and trade prevented, to prevent the vices from illicit intercourse of the sexes, can be arrested only by the destruction of woman, and covetousneas by the removal of money. The absurdity of this is apparent to all, but what I now ohiefly wish is to show how clearly the fact appears that in the Divine mind strong drink always existed as a faotor in human society, necessarily hold ing its place as the forhidden fruit, served its purpose in the Garden of Eden. As drunkenneaB can only come of alcoholic drink, it always had its plaoe in the councils of Jehovah when he determined what were the works of the flesh. The antidote to thia vioe plaoed opposite in the fruits of the spirit is temperance, whioh always means moderate indulgence, This is uncontro vertible. He who assails this premises kicks against pricks, and is oertain t,n ho hurt. .-I am, &o;" Kings wood, February 11,1891. 