Plain Girls. ' Do plain girls ever become pretty ? ' asks a cor resp indent. The answer is, Not always. Sometimes a g;rl of ordmarv looks grows into a most fascinat ing woman, and, if not absolutely beautiful, may claim to be good looking. How often the tall, bony, awkward girl — the acknowledged ugly duck ling of the family — develops into a perfect specimen of lovely woman. The bony limbs have rounded themselves, plump soft flesh has filled up unsightly hollows, the squareness and angularity are de parted, and the budding woman is delicately pro portioned as Yenus. Just so the plain girl of 17 may in time become the attractive young lady of 24 or so. A face that in early youth is blank and devoid of expression often changes considerably as the girl grows older, giving to the features a beauty that was not traceable before. Beauty often deserts the lovely woman. Care, worry, or illness play serious havoc with a handsome face ; and not these alone, for Nature, of her own accord, sometimes erases the loveliness, leaving the face a very ghost of its former self. The features are not altered so much as the expression, and expression has a deal to do with the beauty of countenance. In fact, a plain face owes much of its unattractiveness to its lack of expression— there are a heaviness and stolidity about it ; whereas a beautiful one, if not actually bristling with animation, has a graceful airiness and case that aid greatly to its charm. For the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution, for as the maid becomes a woman 6he undergoes a wonder ful transformation. With the development of the figure the face often alters considerably, and mostly for the better. How often one hears the remark among friends, meeting after some few years of absence, ' How you have altered ; I really shouldn't have known you.' Plain girls, therefore, are not always plain ; and healthy exercise, happiness, and contentment, with care and attention, may do much toward the development of good looks and general attractiveness. — Exchange. 