Tk« Churches Alt .^.dn's', "'inn's. — The harvest festival in conrn r.t.iun with this cVurch is 'o be ct-lt ! i a'o i en Sunday r.ext, lG-h inst. Tho Hector, the Rev \Y. Cooke, wili c m- di!cr- s-rvices as follows:— Holy comir.nnnion, S a.m. ; morning service, 11 a.in. ; children's service, 3 p.m.; evenson?, G.30 p.m. On Tuesday evening a social and concert will be held in the Bai queuing Room, Moonta Institute. # * * Wes-l^yan Church, Moonta. — Harvest thanksgiving services in connection with ilis WVsleyan Church, Moonta, were h»-ld on Sunday, Februaiy 9, when the Rev R. J Dunatan preached in the morning and the Rev A. Stubhs in the evening on ' The Marvellous Way in which God Supplies tho wants of the World," to a large congregration. At the afternoon service, which was well attended by the young ne.nple, short addresses were given by the Pev Tassie and the Pastor < f the church. The church was decorated according to a new design. A triangle in the centre wilh small sheaves in rising tiers represented the harvfcst field, and between two fences the fruit was arranged and bordered by a row of choice pot plants. The gas jets in the pulpit were ornamented with sicklcs wilh a scythe on one side of ihe pulpit «nd a rake on the other. Altogether the effect was very pretty, and permanence was given the design by the photographer on Monday morning. On the Monday evening a fruit social ami musical entertainment were given in the Lecture Hall, when over a hundred were present, The Rev A. Stubbs presided, and the following items were successfully given :—Pisno- . J-rte overture. MIM POMR ; SO n, « Oh ''ear Ih^WiJd « ma Blow, IVDss Richard Bon ; Cornish ghost story, P»ev R. Dunstan ; solo, "The Fairies," Mrs Dunstan ; solo, " Pierrot " Miss Stnbbs ; violin quartette, Misses Martin, Thomas, Bennett and Green ; recitations, " Papa's Letter," Miss I. V. Stubbs. The choir also sang three pieces effectively, and did g ioa service on the Sunday- Proceeds, £8 14 i Gi Moonta Mines Bible Christian—The last of the harvest thanksgiving observances among the Bible Christians took place at Moonta Mines. On Sunday morning the Rev J. Tiller, of Kadina, preached, giving an appropriate and stirring sermon. Mr W. B. Goldswortby conducted in the afternoon, Mrs Lake giving the address. Twenty-six years a L {o Mrs Lake gare her first oiacourse in the Mines Wesleyan Church and on Sunday afternoon in the B.C. Church she gave what was probably her last in this district. She dwelt on the need of cultivating a thankful spirit, and pointed her moral by contrasting the condition of things in Armenia and Moonta. The Rev O. Lake preached to a kuyo congregation in the evening on the words " They joy before Thee according io the joy iu harvest." A fruit social and lecture entertainment followed on Monday evening. Mr James Sampson presided and Mr Lake delivered a lecture entitled " It's all U P." Great curiosity was felt beforehand as to the manner in which such a lecture would turn out. One thought the lecture would be upon the " United Presbyterian " Church, while another was sure evolution w^uld be the substance ot the discourse, and U P was simply the peg on which to hang eome thoughts on the " Upward Progress " of the race. The result, however, showed that Mr Lake had marked out for himself a characteristic course, Qe began his lectHre with the :evuille " Wake up." He exhorted his listeners to " Get up," and take their pprt in life's drama, there being no place for human spectators here, both in the life of the State and of the Church, but only workers, if we be all true to our duty. He further urged them to " ljook up," " Lift up." " Read up," " Pay up," " Rub up," " Shut up." and lastly to " Grow up." & most pleasant and entertaining hour was spent, at the close of which the ladies of the church handed round the fruit. The choir, under the able leadership of Mr J. Penalurick, jun. contributed pleasing hymns and anthems at all the Bervices, Y<.rke's Peninsula district h is a toral of 3,229 votero, — 1,835 men and 1,394 women. The total number of voters in the district of Wallaroo is 5,859,-3,269 men and 2,593 women. An entertainment is to be given in the Moenta Mines Instituta on Wednesday, March 4th, in aid of that institution. Further particulars in future issue. A number of miners have left the Mo.mtft district for the West during the last few week.", and stiil they go. On Thursday morning a large party left by the morning train. A Sunday school teacher, after reading the bible lesson, asked one of her class what was placed over the gate to protect the garden when Adam and Evo were driven out. The teacher, after waiting for an answer, was somewhat surprised when one little fellow, seriously replied, " barbwire." Writing on the coming elections " Autolycus " in the Mount Barker Courhr says : " Wallaroo is pretty eHre to send Mr Grainger back. It will suffar in its fame if it does not, for Mr Grainger keeps the eyes of politicians and the put lie constantly upon himself and his constituency. Mr Hooper, too. is sure to have the help of the miners, although their numbers have been ereatly diminished hy emigrations to the West. Mr Malcolm and some more old identi'ies will be in the lists again for Wallaroo." The same writer in referris 1 ,^ to Yorktj'a Peninsula says : " It would not ba a great surprise if the representation of Yorke'a Peninsula were completely changed, ana Messrs Copley and Rounstvell will do their best to wrest the seats from Messrs Short and Bsrllett nn behalf of the National Defence League. Swll both are pretty lough, and it is not at all certain that. Mr E5*rtlett will not be in the next Assembly, The more the candidates, and nearly a doz^n are now men tioned, the better will bj his ehar.ee " Not Run Out.—A few weeks ngo a gentleman entered the office of a well-known insurance at'eiit. and tossing a paper on the eoun ter, faid to the clerk, *• That's run out and I want to <rct it renewed." The clerk unfil led the dicumeat, and with a smile inquired. " Are 3'ou sure that this has run out ?" •' OI\ 4i yes !' 6aid the gentleman. My wife told me it run out yesteiday." " Well, I'm sorry for you, but we are not taking that kind cf risks, now," respoaied the clerk, as lie handed it back to him. It was his marriage certificate. 