ALONE. (BY MARION HARLAN D.) Author of 'Neme9I6,' 'Hiddbn Path,' 'Moss Side,' Pn emie's Tkmptation*,' etc. CHAPTER IV. — ( Continued ). Josephine lost the answer, and muck that followed. She was joined by young Pemberton, a fop of tlio first water, with Sense enough to make him uneasy in the society of the gifted, nnd meanness to rfjoice in their discomfiture and misfor tune. For the rest, he was weak and hot-headed, a compound of conceit and malice. Time was when lie admired Ida. He IiikI an indpfinilQ nntirm flint-. a clever wifa would reflect lustre upon biui ; and a very decided appreciation of her more shining and substantial charms. Her repulse was a, mortal otience : small minds never forget, much Jess pardon a rebuke to their vanity, and lie inly swore revenge. But how to get ib? She rose supe-ri-or to his witless sarcasms, and more pointed sl-'ghts, reversing the arrows towards himself; and his mortifi cation heated into hatred. Josephine was aware of this feeling, and its cause ; »Dd while despising, in a man, a weak ness to which she was herself a prey, forseein:; that he miahb Drove a con venient tool, she attached him to her by snasives and (latteries. ' Iti3 a positive relief to talk to you, Miss Josephinp,' he jawned, ' I am » surfeited with literature and foreisneis. These travelled fel'ows are outrageous bores, with their bushy moustachios and outlandish lingo. How the ladies can fawn upon them as they do, I cannot comprehend.' ' Do not condemn us all for the fnil iogs of a par'. There *re those who prefer pure gold to gilded trash.' 'For your sake, I will make some ex eeptions,' with a 'killing' look. 'But wk&b; do you imagine to be the object of that flirtation t No young ludy of pru. den co or proper lel-f-respect would en courage so uoictiy ttie attentions ot a stranger. Supposing him bo be what he represents (a thing by no means cer tain), she cannot inbend to marry him — a man old enough to be her father?' ' But, ' unison of bastes,' ' concord of souls,' etc., will go far towaids recon ciling her to the disparity of yeais,' ob served Josephinp, iionically ; not sorry to strike upon this tender point. He tried to laugh, but with indifferent suc oess. ?' Ida's voice reached them, and they | stopped to listen. ' £ am afraid my conceptions of Eastern life and scenery are mqre poetical than correct. I picture land scapes sleeping in warm, rich, 'Syrian sunshine, ' 'sandal groves and bowers oi spi.ee.1 j ' Ruined shrines, and towers that seem Tb.e Telica of some splendid dream,' — such a Fairy Land an ignorance and lujugiimciim uremtJ. 'The Utopia of one who studies Lalla Rookh more than ' Eastern Statistics,' or 'Incidents of Travel,'' said Mr. Dermott, smiling. 'Yet Moore's des criptions are not bo much overwrought B8 some suppose. His words came con tinually to my tongue. He has imbibed the true spirit) of Oriental poetry ; the melancholy, which, like the ghost of a dead age, broods over that oldest of lands ; the passion flushing under their tropical'sun ; their wealth of imagery. Xialla Rookh reads like a translation from the original Persian, The wonder is that he has never been self-tempted to visib the ' Yale of Cashmere 1 in person.' ' Campbell, too, having immortalised Wyoming, will not cross bbe ocean to behold it,' said Ida. There was a consultation between the confederate?, and Peunbarton crossed to Ida's chair, with a smirk that belied- the fire in bis eye. '.VExcuas me, Mr. Dermott, — Miss Ida, I 'sip, commissioned to inquire of you the authorship and meaning of t-his quotation — ? '.Deeply, darkly, desperately blue !' ' It is impossible to cou»ey a just im pression of the oOjensive tone and em phasis with which this impertinence was uttered,. The quick-witted Irishman s»w through the design in an insbtnt.. '? It i/3 from a, Scotch author,' said he, before Ida could reply, ' aDd the rhyme runs after this fashion — ''Feckless, fairlle, farci'eally foo'.' and not deigning a second glance at the questioner, he continued his account of a visit hfl naid to Morocco. The nhieefe nf his n$reil«ss retort stood for a second, in gonbib as to its meaning, and then walked off, still in incertitude. Ida's laugh, while it might htvo been in te sponse to Mr. Daimott's story, assured Josophins that her end wus unaccom plished, before her messenger had de livered his lame return. ' She undwstood me, and it cut pretty deeply, but that puppy o£ a paddy an swered for her. He repeated tho next line, too, ' from a Scotch author,' he said, bub I believe he made it.' ' What was it ? ' Hiked J osephine. ''Fairly, farcically fou,' or something like that. If I wero sure that last word meant fool, I would knock him down. Do you understand Scotch ?' 'No,' replied Josephine; vexed, bub afraid to excite him further. ' He is beneath the notice of a gentleman ; we can let him aloue.' Bub Ida's share in this was not to bo overlooked. , Josephine appealed n i usuul ab breakfast; talkative to hei father, and taciturn to hor female com panion. At length she inquired, moan ingly, ' by the way, Ida, when does your travelled Hibernian 'lave this eoun bhry?'' ' If you speak of Mr. Dennott, I do not know.' *' Is it nob remarkable,' said Joseph ine . to her parent, ' that, polish and puiify as you may, you cannot cure an Irishman of vulgarity ? Irish he is, nnd Irish he will remain t« tho end 'of the chapter. : '? ' '-1 ' ' (To he continued:) 