MINING NOTES. Tlie>iiitinn.,ir« upon - Ativct.llil t, Vlottul Wills Vary JP - fined morrow with i M us at The mill is in fair Britain the White liners carnation plants. will be II and for a notice of butter Cotitiitetúri for you criticise lime Jane Alicia rOtlmlii' his home He, Dark)), Vin) 57 -64, inch up to time for 75 tons. for use Uni light trading: Um min 3 , very nice) fall came down) from the face, covering up a portion of ore and underfoot rash, which was expected to yield another 4 or 5 tons. Ordinary sluicing: resumed Domina Hallulla Atay 20-Hopper full of stone Skirt two faces mu is celt taking;; out stone Battery will fctirtTlmrsiHy June 4 I ranken So 1 South Doon At a 30 - WorKnic loss on surface inter t us,, to face, the others to similar j amount Sale Ground opening" out well Aicotintr j limits of pure ore 136 and light) weight and nee Uoti I li Quart? Extended tin Crick Alas 21 Tunnel driven total -l ii five lions seams of quartz running Itirotiehiouiitr) out I lit 1 water then turn (Golden Mir II Little May 30 -At 4 50ft south I s e estimated that two, at Suit in passed through a spin carry fatherless and black jack, so extra Iclrrovscut nest It country slate with small Hire id- of an area Vtoft in met with several spurs front line to Din carrying galena and black Jack and -the, ss in e of same rtt these spurs are making under "coin, down HulTtlo listening Duel land AU) "0 -Dtlnnrr week removed a lirconumilti of dirt There appears to be at Miltcrnbout lift as Idf going south ; it is abolltSft. thick I old can be obtained in every vessel The heavy for the line (reach) reduced volume of water in creek Burnt Creek Dunolly), Ata) "North lines on No 6 use extended to ICOfr nash gone underfoot firisintroff main level to pick up your nose in helfe. North drive off No 4 rise now In 1916 Hockham." Ill No 4 and 5 south dishes Alcld, neck, Oloj -dm Broken Hill Water Supply, June water consumed during; month of May amounted to 4,118,900 gallons Grosser Reef, Sandy Creek, Alli US. Crosscut extended 6ft total 12ft. 9in , country passed through alternate bars of slate and sandstone intermixed with quartz veins Appearance of face very favourable Cahill's Ron and, Stawell, May 30 Steady progress with erection of machinery Catherine Reef, |j¡.lchivvk Afav JO -Crushed 400 tons- yielding 12oz asking Driven No 21 or 1 HOUR eminently right east of shaft At No 18 level stopes are showing is little gold occasional) At No 11 or 1 600ft south level stopes over level are looking? about same with exception of Hut spurs on east side Huso spins, which will make I about half of rritsliliii? right, lines soon Klio««ln|i i, ml lujuliU 2UW M Nu HE WON "A.' 'If kind in the dim light in seas and Stopes in No 3 mill ' hymns KliuttliiK fair Kuiti in men of Royal, william Is Till mills of shift total to tuition t UKI it Unit of No I inn of Morn Sunk No Jwlnzi, within li about him south of Sturt, 1211 must not lit Isle of quail? hen Khoyylnic Hills cold I must in t ii to list Gotti No 11 bills tunic Hil t saying, that the oil pipe 111 line, but pim II No i II shift tail I Ht north of shaft, railway passing by a lift tributes i m hut Maukin l> a steel (Mill! i III ill until. As A Man To- lloisnyolks (to bail but this narrow limit Mr H Crossing i shall of His t I in 1911 round rush for three i m. Mil ml still high it bottom civil war in bills 1 inst fl Oillli us ROOM as nth stain but it I ill in of Dululu stuff I think Minim hall Mr 27 No 3 hold . Kills Hit , sanatoria with splashes of pyramidal t remain until In ii I IS mile and a- finished It l t in f i I had lent him numerals by, I still playing He did Hill line late,, in aid. s Uli by I am, II and III in his; 15ft in a villa it st an Inn -A is for, j- In No IS i i! it is li ntl 1 I II to land bill Mr in the Shire line of his men in 'ft t III v I.I, No I (Ni Ison) 311-315 till, milking!, First flour Russians, seem in mt Him of His I roi In II, Ultimo, Mary I'!) - Lilian within I IS Billy! Mills 111111111 clubs, Still no rain Itq mine. No i In I i II July, 11th, full set in (and all within simple but 1 Mu! is I am sill t still falling and Davis 1 running, Mary 'I (Iii March) Dilyiu UKI line lull which is still living The, man is sit-in of footwall yet (arm (the hymn I'm .oiiiplit.il on Jhil lust I i mine on me to in wide fair turn in both, uni III in-. Mine waist no no Dilitfuil I'I apply for a, stay of- dissent off No J hill fil Duke nil, total 40ft Fair look HIL, Bill for mine- is stoping; us usual south H mi mine the shaft Charles. William, Baillie, May SO- AtSOIft love, (him hauled of tributers at work Crushed in largely for mon Unit lent quality of 4 loot's j kitten 3107 Pilot. Duke United, Timor, His 27 -Shaft sunk The, total 119ft now In stiff vein) A bore went through to pipeclay bottom it 16ft from surface pass in ll.roui_.il elms and course and line drift water pipe no difficulty in becoming shift with box means of machinery progressing, well living 1 in the pumping 1111,1110 ""at Dunolly. council) Mar 20 -Intermediate elm c ex tended 50ft total from rise shaft Ground pretty I "blonde Pitfield Plains May "3- West crosscut j extended t Six no e home I lost a little time thron,.!! break ace of realising" v le spindle of engine, was repaired , ,, ,_, I Mended South Devonshire Bendigo Alas no - See report of Duche s Tribute At Clift, tributes crushed 15) loads for to 10dwt East Mount Lyell Gormanston May 23 - Driven No 2 tunnel total 45ft, through pug, snowing occasional specks oxide of copper Manganese turn of" ,. , East Sulieman Ballarat Aug 29 North drive extended 20ft 6 tons yielded tile Earl s Walhalla May 2, -No 1 tunnel has not been down Hasluck rising for stope Will still! lies mc: Berlin shortly V ished up it Lattin for May from 204 tons First Chance killed it Alix 29 -Shaft Sunk 17ft Puddling no shaft to keep surface water back Golden Fleece, Walhalla June North Bri s No 2 tunnel in need till nice stone in face tone intended excavating for loss or tunnel Satisfactory) progress made with machinery Goulburn Valley) Prospecting, May °J-lollosslng up indications north of st. Sir like, met two other lines which we are opening up Great Extended Hercules Bendigo Afa) "0 - Tel el south first on total Clift , reef 3ft thick but poor Rise put up local 10ft result i back line e appear once nuts shots s gold Crushed 43 loads for 4oz. Ghost Gully Steele's Creek VI is J -Shift down "ft Passed through very nice model showing a Id underlying, the. side! Gladstone Walhalla Vic) "1 -I mining and prospecting during the week without any change Great Buningyong Estate, Buninyong, May 20 - Alluvial shaft sunk 7ft still in hard basalt full depth 127ft II without Increase of water At quarts shall the ss east crosscut extended sOft and east one 25ft, both now in clean slate country) Commenced skidding shaft, and shall have cages at work in a day or two Golden (late Ballarat Vin 69 -Tributers at 2nflfr dris lug null sloping without change North drive on Sulieman Pasha Uno more promising Hunt's Extended Gjifiiov a Greek Atav 27-10 ft south and 1 extended total 70ft. more quartz? making in bottom of level, in which meets nice specks of gold seen This quartz is rising ill level as it goes further south, dyke about 3ft mile Win/ofrom 90ft let it sunk total lift more quartz showing, containing a little more gold Imperial Queenstown Ala) 31 - Hise driven cross out aft total 15ft Deemed to drive south from shaft starting Monday) Ironbark, Bendigo June FISON cast crosscut nilsnnceilTft.,total.>s)lt On the 50ft crosscut near north boundary) girls can cast fife total loss, through sandstone and spurs Crushed 100 loads from bottom of 500ft Tel el for GJoz, 7dss t gold Started drive north ateliers, In the same run of country as COOl Ici el, and done lift Ironclad Marble Bar May 25 -One battery crushing on some stone from tunnel two for public Kempson stawell Mai 0 Have purchased while allies is ill be in course of erection next is eek also still in a steam pump, and a portable engine at work soon after I indi s Drcilll North, At alitalia May 2" Progressing favourably) with manager's hut and store room Will crush and horse and samples of reef last struck Lands s Dream Extended Walhalla What is - Min iiigmiiin[.ertookcliarecon 18th Inst, lettender for 'railway sleepers Will start laying rails ashore as the) arrive london and Red Ruth United Wandiligong Ala) "S Rise Into Myrtle now in payable BIOIIC rain extended to 150ft Alain winze discontinued to drive north and south to pink up shoot passed through in sinking, and) that drs on through to north Linton United Linton Mr) -J -South drive extended Sit,, lode 15in mile earning cold North stopes over bottom level carry ing cold North drive suspended 48 tons i yielded 17oz lldist lSgr mount Lyell Extended, played - Country hard conglomerate, progress slow Mount Morgan Glen IN ill May 22 Tunnel at lower level drive eli 20ft tributers getting out stone Maude and Homeward Bound Glen W Ills, Mar 25 -Intuits No 2 South level driven 12ft in lower tunnel, reef about Cm , prospecting 4oz to ton Country much broken No 4 Tribute test level driven 24ft- from tunnel no stone in face rise in west level up 20ft from backofdrive, see limestone In this rise No 5 lrlliuto-Shift sunk 25ft from surface reef 4ft wide , stone good deal mixed with mullock 15 tons at grass prospects about ballast, to ton No 3 Tribute Shaft sunk 4ft. from surface, reef 12in to 18in prospecting 2oz, to the Mount Moran Glen W ills, May 27 - Lower tunnel driven 15ft, total 55ft Tributers putting out BtOIIC Mount Wills South Glen Ellis Flay 29-First crushing of 50 tons )icldedSoz 1 due, Morning Star, VI A Ma) 30 -Messrs Chalk and Cahir received following wire from the mining manager this morning - Cleaned up Delays crushings for 3700. The workings show' considerable im- prove cities ' Ness Pioneer Diamond Creek, May 28 -toonda tions excavated for enemy house surface work about completed Got up steam on Thursday VVuternill lie out of shaft h) Saturday ready) for contractors to continue sinking Ness W li) Not Redcastle Mr) IO-Ncsv mining manager appointed Fresh contract let for sinking main shaft North Marks luck) Rokewood Junction May 29 -North drive on east tude of west lode extended 16ft for neck, westside 15ft Can see a little gold in breaking stone Now Loch Line Extended. Matlock May) 26 Drneil "ft,, total 34ft., reef 18in, carrying a little gold New Chum, St. Arnaud May "9 -South drive 300ft level driven 5ft, total distance on shoot 140ft , width of reef 6ft in press city 15dwt to load Northeast Leg-Coritnv-tor« started dniingyestcr day Commence crushing to day New Centennial, Walhalla Vtai "9 Contractors have dray on 1st, met with 15ft of quart and sand stone and have not come into state total -lift At eastern lode getting out stone for crushing, and can get gold in stone New Brothers Home No 2 Tin, Deri.), May 23 - Good supply of water part of neck and large i|iintitlties stripping went out ince well advanced, and expect falls from same shortly Large stones not so plentiful Non 1 enterprise, Nugong, Ali) 2"- Native Youth Lode fully) 4ft wide but not 11)able)et for crushing 1 increase lode- If this continues as it snow may anticipate fair yields for some time Will clean by Saturday), states promising better yield] No sheep, Walhalla Ala) -4-year plan for mouth of western elmo completed and entries extended to 17ft. Tenders for driving two tunnels of 150ft, and 200ft rcsitcctiscls accepted New Comet Bendigo Alan Burns 0 across stone under slide on top of 1 rise from 500 to cut 3ft stone small going east to west side a mass of stone hut all of poor quality Now driving" north main, drive 28ft, total driven fault , large body of stone in sight, but of poor grade Had a trial crushing of 12 loads for 4oz 19dwt North Birmingham, Steele May 20 500ft Level Rise above this level Tributer line a nice reef Winze below level Sunday Mt, total 46ft reef 4ft wide?, allow hit: me; troll bGJft, Level Drive extended 12ft, foul Mr getting into grey sand stone similar to footwall in winze North Prince Regent Ballarat, May SO-No S I evil Winze south drive sunk 15ft., ill stone in bottom North Lord Started to sink winze, stone strong on east side No 6 level south drive extended SOft stone in main drive and back, no change Stopes at Nos 3 and 7 let stand usual North Trompfd, Malborough, Mat Ci)--ifirted ttork Wednesday with one shift Shaft sunk 11ft, iii good country New Perseverance, Crossover, May 29- Driven north on slab of stone, cut in east drive, and stems to belmproNitif? North Great Hdorndo, Coronet 2 Creek, May 27 - Sunk shaft 4ft Just touched another body of stone. North Shenandoah, Bendigo, June 4 level north at*Z,7äitt driven the stone "radially Coming down, it is 22in thick in back of level intermixed with minerals I went stope from Shenandoah may be up to boundary in about week North Shamrock, Bendigo, June 1 -Underhand sampling west of 1 850ft. level for a depth of 14ft and a width of 20ft The seems small but show very fair gold Crushed 50 loads for Soon.. 4dwt , including cost 2dwt from plates North Gippsland Proprietary, ( met May JO - Stone sent to School of Mines proved unpayable North King I will Gormanston, Mrs H Sunk shaft, total depth 14ft No change in lode matter, very little 8tiiÍoh>¿ owing to scarcity of water The passing old race, which commands alluvial ground North T > t II and Tharsis Extended Gormanston, May JJ,-Shaffcsuuk, to the lift, through hard schist, impregnated with copper plan as North United Hustler A und Hetlan, BemliRn June 1 - At -300ft level drive north west of shaft con United left , total 11ft quartz is thick, and Lrvuiiniulo appearance Drive north east of shaft advanced 12ft., total lOlfr , quartz 4ft At test level drive north and west of shaft extended 3ft , total 100, luaiUnon breaking into (spurs O'Connor's Freehold Dm tunion 1 North (UvTele graph) Water lowered below 700ft. level, JILL to bottom of shaft Pitfield Plateau Proprietary, Fit (tah!, May 30 -No 4 Tribute- Washed a small machine for Ho? 6dwt No 2 Tribute Puddle will be started next week Princess Alexandra, Bendigo, Mac 10-Centre country wine below 1,81 sunk 14ft. in solid stone, total test. Ulm over 1400ft crosscut put up, total Jfift Rutherglen and Carlyle Proprietary, Rutherglen, gave io-Unrodown Jlbft Robert Nichol, Dunne's May 10 Driven 16ft west week ttiroiiL,h wash giving.; fair prospects Water house as ng Rose of Denmark It Extended Clarence s Creek , May 21 - Uvtouded tuumlTft Have found old shaft on hill see that some Ground has been a stoped out, and h [m 11 prospective Railway Prince of Wales, Eaglehawk, May 0 - Shift sunk 9ft,, total in ft , hat also timbered 7ft tallow In all the country, water a little easier, 4 GO gallons per hour. Red and Black, Bullengarook May "30 Distance driven since 15ft, total length of tunnel CMft , put up bore at (left and struck wash at Oft , unable to test wash owing, to continuous choking of horses Rocky River, Tasmania, May -at - Tunnel driven 3ft total 55ft hare paying-out little water coming from eastern side In direction of lode Nice country in face llnsohcrrj, Coolgardie Mat. to- leave 214 Main shaft sunk 6ft 6in, total 42ft making a little water, leader struck his wick hnswlilciitd to 36in , carrying went looking laminated stone here is charged with mining Spring Gully 1rs or a, June 1 -1 engaged breaking stone on western side and estates at 150ft level (southerner) for distance of 6ft in length and lift wide Stone from His collin thick liu.sidllirouc.li side still is Hindu stout poor there is improvement instead of a slide it Bhosslng mere cold To all i i pcfirntices this stone goes back to crosscut distance 1 Oil and puts coming closer together us are area south drive shows fair gold In end of dris e Omahed 111 rails for roz. rent bheiiiitidoth llen.iie.0 June 9 -Crosscut east at «J7s.lt driven 20ft total from limit J Oft Ground in end line! iiiitlHtouc mixed with spurs At rest In from footwall of nest leg cut is that repairs to his inst love She thick In I ottoman I . In in top inter mixed with mineral W line from north level sunk 11ft total -In Stone their thick and shows fair gold Stone in south stopes showing fair gold and will average 20in thick North slopes for healthier fe nsernco-ft thick, from Ihnttoi. ft 3ft, thick show Ing fine gold Crushed 220 loads for a long Jdsst, In dealing (14oz. 16dwt fine pieces south Frederick Great Bendigo Vlaj IO-At "400ft south level extended total 9 ft, north level t weather Did, all-in stone , also repaired portion of 400ft. main level, and driven across nest lift for chamber pro laraton to sinking of litre, as stone is strong gi hie under foot, earning a few colours of gold tender of Harkness and Co accepted for erection of is hiding place Sen Bendigo Ala) IO,-012ft crosscut east driven total lift 1 Ollie, crosscut east driven total like Simpson w, I andsborotich Mar 29-Wind Ing gear all in position and boiled down Poppet heads erected, and still wheel fixed Kiigliiotlrnnn into position and will soon be fixed and bolted down Depth of shaft 3ft. 6in from brace Boards, Caroline May 30 -Shaft sunk depth Salt carry Oin, not yet on wash; am in great) red cloth : hart put a bar down 30ft, and can feet gravel, am there fore certain close on to bottom South Russell's, Lauriston Ma) 20 Shaft sunk 6ft, total from surface J 5ft South drive 300ft. level extended 15ft. on cour c lode Country thrown about with slide in South Catherine, Eaglehawk, Mat 0 -1 Extended No 10 750ft , cro3$"Ut life, total 14ft from ah aft. and -sandstone ill fortnight not to had in face Tarrangower, Sandy Creek, Mat Js Sunk shaft for fortnight IJt touches level Have ditto 9 ft. west and cut western le/of if and have also driven eibtSOft and cut lantern le"' and win hbolictett» be main lode 1 asks me he has well defined! walls about 6in thick'', undreamed a good local Inhutera has, c about 50 tons at an assistant to a used car is next week Tarrawingee I intend Tramway Company limited -Flux, supplied to mines for fortnight ending May 27, 6 15 tons United Hustler and Redan J ending June 1 - At 440ft north level advanced! 14ft told 'OH', and south driven 6ft total 15ft No chance in either 3251 with level connected with the K U workings at ftUOft b K shaft sunk 16ft , tout II 37ft At 1 150ft drive north cent issued Oft tour I (16ft At 1 600ft north drive extended 7ft total 'well; below 500ft Started an intermediate level I Qjfu down size, and done 70ft At min south clays I continued 7ft, total 132ft Cm bed IJJ loads Tor J So/- 1 dwt. tod Victory and Pandora Amalgamated 1 ending May to-Centro country wife below J luOft foul sunk total 144ft In sandstone and tlutwW of quartz. Water heavies virginia, June 1 -fast ere sent it 100ft. extended 13ft total 84ft (rioting in MOLL and slate Slopes 911 eastern spurs it "60ft show a few colours of gold Intermediate level south at Glfft driven Sit , total 240ft More stone is in dun j in both level and stopes, and a little old H seen Rise above this level put up Nfr stone well mineralised COO loads crushed \ ill led "oz 14dwt cold , also crushed 12 loads from surf 1 t me for an 15dwt gold Virginia and Specimen Hill Tri! and crushed 434 loads for 2oz 7dwt gold Murch son Lease Est crosscut at 150ft next, tided 1 ft total 150ft , ground Mate Went crosscut di even left in sandstone total 20ft. Victoria Consols, Bendigo June last seen level and the. cast have taken down quail on 1 Eva ; vanes 2in to 2in thick but p 01 find of tin out of shaft, in well timed runners not be both complete met its started a plat at 2,JJJft and in (ft to the east At 26ft the east crosses it advanced 5ft and holed into the old Adventure and Advance shaft: also driven north of shaft 50ft Work suspended, until some repairs are done to winding m chine A vineyard Tribute Castlemaine, May 20 - family Mt,, now down 9ft from will country more vertical, Lode expected to be cut within lost Western Star, Carngham May W - shaft centre tors made off, full depth 20ft without indit action of increased water West crosscut. extended "at, full length J Fitt Main rise of Kit and securely timbered country very wet and troublesome West Volunteer Lefroy, May) 2 -No 1 new cub advanced total 15ft No eastern end total 1 ) ft ; no stone, the lode on an act and country. not 1 much contorted 19 are of level is DIE from east t murder. expect another make of stone between these pom 6 The level is now timbered between wife and fair rent) for stoping No 2 west driven 17ft, total t it , no chance of value Air winch fixed at this level, north King pent house and cistern and expert to resume shaft- sinking Tuesday 1 unshed raising mullock from No J slopes,¿70 tons crushed yielded beef, and 4 tons pyrites not yet treated 1 battery started again on stone from No 4 level an 1 stope West Hear Consols Creswick Mix reserve got both lifts of pumps at work Think the upper levels are drained, the water has waggon down 11 test team in 14ft to plat. Now in full swing, with a new bucket in each lift West Prince of Wales, Eaglehawk Mix to Cross- cut west at 400ft driven -011 , total lisOft , slate country Watson's Reward, Donnelly is Creek, Mr) "0-Teb contract for driving tunnel, contractors start name UuteK York and Durham, June 1 -Have completed timbering of shaft and other necessary work, and started to sink shaft on Saturday lost 