Scratchings in the City. " Pencil " in Kapunda Herald. Probably if Mr Gillen could from the hidden world have nominated his own suc- cessor, Mr O'Loughlin is the man whom he would have selected. The popular " Larry, " as the new Minister is affectionately termed, was the most intimate friend Mr Gillen had in Parliament. The two lived together when in town, and accompanied each other in their walks and their political meetings and their entertainments. They were, indeed, in- separable ; and I believe Mr O'Loughlin's nerves will twitch with real pain during the next few days every time he sees his pre- decessor's autograph on the office dockets. Greater love could no politician bear for another than that which so pleasantly distin- guished the dead Commissioner of Crown Lands and his living successor. In connection with the formal adjournment of the Assembly and the funeral of Mr Gillen there were really pathetic scenes, but there was also a good deal of affectation and hum- bug. Some members of the Cabinet were really deeply moved by tbe tragically sudden death of an estimable and lovable colleague, but one or two members acted in the House the part of Job Trotter, and one who wept most copiously was suspected of expecting to get the vacant portfolio. To the funeral went quite a number of people who had never seen Mr Gillen, and, indeed, had hardly ever heard of him, but who wanted a free trip to Clare at the expense of the Government and a free advertisement at the expense of the newspapers. These are plain facts, and there is reason for mentioning them when senti- ment has been overdone so much as it has been in the case of poor Peter Paul Gillen. The excessive expenditure on the State funeral leads me, in spite of a deep esteem for a dead friend, who was far above petti- ness, to point out how all honors and privi- leges are tending nowaday to become political monopolies. Mr Gillen entered the Assembly only seven years ago, and drew between £4,000 ard £5,000 in Parliamentary and Ministerial salary, and on his death the funeral has cost the taxpayer probably another £1,000 at least—say £6,000 alto- gether. So far, very well ; Mr Gillen was doubtless worth all the outlay incurred. But contrast his case with that of another servant of the State, such for instance as the late Mr Benham, so long the librarian at the Public Libjary. Mr Benham was in the employ of the Government before Mr Gillen was born, but probably in at least the first quarter of a century of his tenure of office he did not receive so much as has been spent out of the Treasury in the fifth of the time in connection with the esteemed member of the Ministry who died last week. A few weeks ago Mr Benham yielded up the ghost after a pro- tracted illness which exhausted nearly all his means. His family had to bury him at their own expense, thus further impoverishing themselves. Had Mr Benham been in almost any other branch of the Civil Service than that in which he was engaged he would have been able to claim long terms of leave of absence, and his widow would have been enabled to draw at least £300 or £400 as retiring allow- ance. The facts of the case were brought before the Ministry by the Public Library Board, which suggested that the bereaved family might be granted two month's salary in addition to the month's pay which Mr Benham was entitled to under the rules of the service. The amount involved was less than £70, but the Ministry declined to pay it. Therefore, I say that there is a monstrous contrast between the Ministerial action in the case of Mr Benham and in that of Mr Gillen, and I venture to add, because I was so well acquainted with the late Commis- sioner's fairness that if he were alive to- day he would believe that the contrast amounted to an outrage upon equity and decency. The trouble in the Adelaide Hospital— But, no ; I will not write any more just now on that disgraceful subject, or even express the wish that the Premier, in reward for his virtues, might be compelled to be a patient for a day or two in that distressed institution. There is no harm, however, in mentioning that one of the doctors, who has taken the Premier's side in the dispute, evidently deems it necessary to make the most of his quali- fications. His visiting card bears the device : " Blank Blank, M.D., J.P. !" In connection with the hospital a peculiarly gruesome thing happened a few days ago to a well-known city medical practitioner. This gentleman had forgotten to ring up the hospital about something or other before he left town on a round of visits and he used a suburban chemist's telephone to communicate with that institution. The attendant at the exchange, however, made a sad mistake ; for after the doctor had received the answering ring, he asked— '' Is that the hospital ?" " No," was the reply which came from the other end ; " They have put you on to the city slaughter house." " Let as strive to be happy is the advice gives by the Hon. Ebenezer Ward in some rather faltering verses published in last Saturday's Advertiser. The lines are not superfine—they don't scan very well here and there, and the rhyming of " morning" with " dawning," and " symbols " with " gambols" is more original than impressive. Neither is the imagery altogether free from suspicion of confusion, but the refrain carries wisdom— Then while life's fleeting' moments are ours to enjoy. Its flowers let us cherish, its thorns cast away ; Though the purest of blessings may have its alloy, Let us strive to be happy whenever we may ! As an admirer of Mr Ward—for no other reason than because he is one of the few fairly consistent and honorable politicians in South Australia—I hope that he may find this jaunty verse appropriate when he shall next meet his constituents at electon time. 