A DETECTIVE’S reminiscences. No. 7. A WIFE’S DEVOTION. Bt E. T. Cabson. Published by arrangement with 'Ward, Look, and Bowden. [all bights kesebved.] T had got tired of going to Blackpool for holidays, and one summer, now more SL twenty years since, I ventured to than twenty years-, _ - I vcisg that we should try the country for once, instead of a crowded bathing- place. “ The country P Why, I should be buried alive! It’s all very well for yon, Kith your fishing and ratting, rabbiting and sparrow-shooting, to propose the sountry; hut I’m not going, and that’s ^ yery well, then you will most certainly ,foy at home, for I am going to Ingleton, and I shall not stand the extra expense of firo separate lodgings.” Maria did not reply; to nse a favourite expression of hers, she was completely flabbergasted at the idea that I should have the courage to say such a thing as ^Th« subject was not again mooted till I had actually got leave of absence for three weeks; then I quietly told Maria to get ready for going away next day, if she wanted an outing that summer. After all, my wife is ’cute enough to know when it’s no use to “ kick ” against any of my notions, and on the following morning she had everything ready, like a sensible woman. I had written to a friend at Ingleton, asking him to procure me two furnished rooms, but he had rented fora month a small cottage about three miles from the town, at so reasonable a figure that I was greatly pleased. My friend, who was, I may here mention, the sergeant of police from a large York shire town, on sick leave, met us at the station with a trap, and drove us to our new abode. I was Eure Maria would have some fault to find with the house, and I was right. “ What a dismal, solitary place to live in; I shall tire of it in a week. How far is it to the nearest house ?” « Not so far; only about three hundred yards,” replied the sergeant. He did not say that the nearest house was “ To Lot,” or Maria might have been nasty, and bent on going back home. My friend had got the larder well provisioned, in accordance with my request, and after llaria had had a good “ knife and fork tea ” Bhe was more cheerful. Next morning we were up early, bent on a walk up the valley to the Gingle Pot, and as our house was on the way, we had not more than a mile and a half to walk. Maria was not in the best of humour, and when we passed tbe “nearest house, ’ and saw that it was empty, her had temper showed itself. She point-blank refused to descend with me into Weathercote Cave, saying that if it were such dangerous places I had come to see, the pleasure would be all my own. I didn’t wish to bo selfish, and so returned home much sooner than I had intended. In the evening we walked down to the village, and in criticis ing the drosses of the lady visitors Maria spent a “ good time.” Presently we met the sergeant. “ Ah, Mrs Smart, I am pleased to inform you that you will havo a neighbour to morrow. A lady has taken the house next yours, for a permanency. She seems in trouble, poor thing, and it would be a real eharifcy to go and see her sometimes.” “ Of course I will. Is the house furnished ?” " No, she brings her own, I understand. Why, there she is.” He walked forward to meet a lady-like woman, apparently about thirty, who smiled, hut so sadly, that I felt sure she had some secret grief. The sergeant brought her forward to us, saying— “ Mrs Grey, let me introduce you to your nearest neighbours, that is, wheu you get sottled.” “You are a stranger here, said I; nave you come far ?” “I was never here before, and I have come from Cumberland. I have been fortunate in obtaining a house at some distance from all others, for I have a nephew, who is morbidly sensitive of strangers, and it is for his sake I wish to bo lonely. He iB dumb and his mind is weak, but ho is not an idiot.” “ Oh, how sad 1” exclaimed Maria; “ and is he always with you ?" “ Always; there is no one to care for him, or me.” " Where are yon going to stay tm you get settled ?” I asked. “ At ono of the hotels, although it will be expensive,” replied Mrs Grey. I looked at Maria, and she guessed what I meant, for Maria is not without brains. “ You can come and stay with us, and welcome, Mrs Grey; we have two bedrooms moro than we require, and you wiU also be near your future home.” She expressed her gratitude so warmly that Maria was quite taken with her, and with the aid of a light cart ''v0 B°t bQr luggage from the station, and took her home." She stayed with us a week, and before the end of that time a van load of furniture came from Lancaster, and Maria holped her new friend to arrange it. The night before she left to fetch her nephew, she said at the supper table— " Mrs Smart, you have been very good to a desolate woman, and I shall ever cherish a deep feeling of gratitude towards you both. I have something to say which will, I greatly fear, offend you, but I ,canT not help it. When I come back, and get into my now house, you must never come to see me; onr pleasant intercourse must end here.” . ., . . “ Not come to see yon ? ’ said Maria, in surprise; " why not ? I was thinking of asking Samuel to let me stay here a few weeks after he goes hack, my health has improved so much since I have been here. “For the sake of my nephew I must decline all intercourse with every one after lie comes. My life belongs to him, my every thought and, care. He cannot bear a strange face; it makes him wild with suffering and terror. Yon must never come to the cottage, and not only so, you must- try to keep .others away, so long a£ you stay hero. You will do this for mj «ke.” Maria promised, but, as she told n}£ afterwards, sbe was bitterly disappointed She had taken such pleasure in helping Mrs Grey to arrange her home, and hac looked forward to spending many delight ful hours with her, and now she was shu ■out—dismissed. As for me, I thought the woman verj foolish. It did not seem to me justifiabl* to devote her whole life to her nephew, t( shut herself out from intercourse from al her friends, for a child who could nevei appreciate her sacrifice, or make any return for her immolation upon the altar of duty But Mrs Grey spoke in a tone that did no admit of argument, so Maria, like a sen Bible woman, promised to do as she wished “ Thank you, Mrs Smart: my life sorrov no one can ever share, no ono can eve lighten; only pray for me that my strength may endure aB long as the necessity for 1 exists. There will never be any freedor for me but in death.” , , Next morning she left us, and a wee. passed by with the cottage up the valle standing empty, waiting for its occupant: Then one morning, as I sauntered UP th valley for a walk before breakfast, noticed Bmoke coming from the chimne of the cottage, and as I got nearer I saw pile of packing cases in the front gardei anl^ueised that Mrs Groy and her nephe had arrived. As I stopped, the lady her self came to the door and said, “ Good morning.” “ When did you come, and how ? ” I asked. “ Maria had been on the look-out for you every day.” " We came last night. I could not bring Willie in the train, he would have been too terrified. We came in a carriage.” At that moment a terrible sound, some thing between a Ecream and a roar, came from the silent house, and without a word, but with a ghastly face from which all light and peace and pleasure had vanished, she flew back into the house. I stood for a few moments wondering what the horrid noise could have been, and presently I heard it again, but it got fainter and then ceased. Were these frightful sounds for ever in her ears, and probably still more frightful sights before her eyes ? 1 met her next day in the village. She was walking rapidly, but stopped on seeing me. ” I am pleased to see you out, Mrs Grey,” I Baid. “ I am obliged to come,” she answered. “ I must buy our food; but I am never easy a minute when I am away. I am in constant terror.” I told her how pleased Mrs Smart would be to do any errand for her in the village, if she would call at our house, and she said there were days when she would be glad of help in that way, when it was utterly im possible for her to leave her charge, even if they had not a mouthful to eat in the house; so I promised her that I would myself go down to the village if Maria could not, every day. " But I wish’,” I said, “ that you would allow either Maria or I to come to your house every day, if only to inquire for you.” How frightened the poor woman seemed, to be sure! “No, Mr Smart, you must not do that!” and as she trembled with apprehension I reassured her. “ What would you do, Mrs Grey, if you were taken ill ? ” “ Oh, Mr Smart, don’t hint at the possi bility of such a thing. I dare not.” “ Indeed, I hope you will not, but think what might happen. It is not right, not safe, for your nephew’s sake, and yours.” At last she agreed that Maria might go to the cottage every day if she thought proper when Mrs Grey did not come down the valley past our house, and with this I was forced to be content. “ There is some mystery about that cottage,” I said to myself on my way home. “ But it iB nothing dishonourable, of that I am as certain as it is possible to be without knowing her secret.” Well, there was no sign of our mysterious friend next day, and after tea Maria set oS up the valley to see her. She left me reading a Liverpool paper, a long account of the capture of a gang of coiners being too interesting to let me go part of the way with her, as Maria hinted she would liko me to do. It seemed as though only a few minutes had passed when Maria came back, looking s.o scared that I guessed she had been startled in a more than usually serious way. “ Oh, Sam, there is something up there altogether wrong. I saw nothing of Mrs Grey about the garden, and knocked at the front door, and I suppose she did not hear me, so I knocked harder. Such a fright I got! Something set up such a horrid scream I thought a madman had got loose. I would have run away, but I seemed paralysed. Then she came to the door, and’ seemed as much frightened as me. She said she would hang a cloth out of her bedroom window when that child had a fit on him, and if I did not see the signal I must return home without seeing her. What do you think of it all, Sam ?” I did not know what to think, and told her so. Somehow or other I began to fancy there was a secret behind all this mystery, and yet for Mrs Grey’s sake I did not care to try to fathom it. The good people of Ingleton, with all due. deference to their feelings, are inveterate gossips, and the ladies were soon curious about the new tenants of the cottage. I did my best to keep folks away from the place, and was in the main successful; but some there were, more daring or more inquisitive, who wished to see for themselves. They knocked at the closed door, and if no one opened it a louder knock was sure to invoke the roaring sound that had startled me on the morning of Mrs Grey’s arrival, and there was some thing so savage, so beastly, so terrifying in the awful sound, that no one had courage to try it again. Even the village boys, the most daring of young Yandals, went past the cottage in their rambles up the valley without attempting to enter the garden gate, and no one in the neighborhood was brave enough to pass it after dark. TJnlike most wonders, it did not die out in the conventional nine days; there was so much of mystery, of curiosity, of fear, connected with the whole subject that people could not forget or pnsh it aside, and in a neigh borhood where every inhabitant was inti mately acquainted' with the minutest family affairs and concerns of every one else, where nothing cf importance came to crowd the Eose Cottage mystery out of mind, speculation ran rife, and day by day the story grew. Every one seomed a self constituted spy upon the poor creature; the fact that she had a secret, and chose to keep it, was a personal injury, and all felt justified in doing their best to force it from her. Knowing our friendship for the lonely woman, and aware that my wife was the only one in whom Mrs Grey had reposed any confidence, folks flocked to us with tales and rumors till Maria was nearly wild with anger. Of course we did not believe any of the half-whispered tales the gossips brought us; but we had nothing to urge against them. One day the village post master button-holed me as I was passing, and told me that Mrs Grey received a large number of letters, and a post-office order for .£3 every week; but I surprised him by telling him he was ijable to get into trouble by telling office secrets. Then the butcher confided to me the strange intelligence that he " Never knew anybody eat so much meat as that delicate little woman up at Kose Cottage. Why she buys twice as much as you, Mr Smart! ” But my holiday expired, and I was obliged to return home. Maria decided to «tay for a month or six weeks longer, and promised to keep me well-informed as to the welfare of our friend, for whom my wife had conceived a strong feeling of regard. Maria, contrary to her usual custom, wrote me Ion" letters, full of news about Mrs Grey, and I will give the purport of them, Maria being too prone to ramble from her subject. .. T “ Sometimes,” said my wife, as 1 pass her "ate in the morning, Mrs Grey comes out, and talks to me for a few minutes, but always with one ear towards the house, listening. Now and then she seems more peaceful and bright, though the shadow never leaves her sweet face, and the fri"btenpd lc.ok never dies out of her eyes. Atother times she looks so weak and worn that it almost seems as if a puff of wind would carry her away, I don’t believe she is more than thirty, but she is beginning to look fifty, and her hair is sprinkled witr „rey I tell her she is killing herself that she should have some one to help her and I have reminded her that little Willie would be left to the world’s mercy if she should die. But it is all breath wasted She says there is nothing else to bo done that she inust do her duty os long as she ™ trusting that God will take care of the bov when her work ib .ended. _ One day she came to me with a handkerchief tied roune her head, apd said she had a headache but as we stood together I saw a tiny droj of blood show through the linen, and made her take it off. She resisted, sayim It was nothing; she had fallen down, an. hit her head against a sharp corner. Bu when she removed the bandage I saw : 1 ^ ncrlv cut on her temple, and a larg SSBS SlltoVd. if trUd t laugh it off, and said it would s<ion b« al right. Going down to market one morning earlier than usual I met her, accompanied by her hoy, and strange as you will think it, there does not seem the least hit of shyness about him. He is a lovely child, and I don’t wonder that his aunt is devoted to him. But how she can Bay he is shy beats me altogether.” This part of one of Maria’s letters deepened the mystery. "Was it possible the cottage had another inmate besides Mrs Grey and the boy ? That would ac count for the consumption of meat, and for her desire to keep folks away. If this was the solution of the mystery, the other inmate must be an adult; could it be her husband ? Maria stayed at Ingleton till the end of October, when the weather became too cold for her, and she came home. But she corresponded regularly with Mrs Grey, who seemed to have got into smoother water after the departure of the summer visitors from the neighborhood, the village people having tired of gossip and conjec ture about the inmates of the cottage. Summer came round again, and Maria eagerly looked forward to a meeting with her friend. I never knew my wife to be taken with any one before. May was scarcely in ere she wanted to be off, and I managed to get three days’ leave to take her to her summer residence. It was a lovely morning, the first after our arrival, when we started up the valley, to call on Mrs Grey, Maria being full of the anticipations aroused by the expected meeting. But on reaching the cottage we found the windows closed, and everything as silent as the grave. “ Shall I knock ? ” I said to Maria. “ Better not; she knew we were coming, and the signal would have been out of the window if she were at liberty to come to us. We will come again after dinner.” I agreed, but feeling a presentiment that something was wrong, decided to enter the cottage if no response to our summons were then obtained. Before dinner I walked down to the village, and was startled by the butcher, as I passed hi3 shop, coming to the door and telling me that Mrs Grey had not been there since Saturday. It was now Wednesday; four days had elapsed since she had been seen in the village, and I went back to Maria, feeling more disposed than ever to think that all was not right. At three o’clock we set out, and twenty minutes easy walking took us to the cottage. I looked as eagerly as Maria for signs of life, but there were none. I knocked loudly at the door, but there was no re sponse. Going round to the back, I found the kitchen window partly open, and got in, opening the door to let in Maria. All was silent, and she clung to my arm, trembling, like a leaf. " Something has happened, Sam! Where cau Mrs Grey be ? ” I did not care to speak aloud, thinking that awful roar would follow; a noise that I knew long ago did not proceed from the throat of little Willie. There was no sign of either Mrs Grey or the child down stairs, and, Maria following timidly in my wake, I went upstairs. The first door we came to I opened. It was, or rather had been, Mrs Grey’s bedroom. Upon her chair lay her mantle, and her little black hat; on a table was her work-basket, with a coat of Willie’s she had been mending. But the bed had not been slept in; it was as neat and smooth as when she made it. I called Maria’s attention to it, and she turned white as a ghost (she believes in ghosts; I don’t), and Bhe nodded without speaking; she was too much frightened. “ Maria,” I said, “ I begin to fear that either something very serious has hap pened, and we shall find evidence of it in one of the other two bedrooms, or the whole family has slipped away as quietly as they came among us, and we shall never hear anything more of them.” “ I’ll never believe that!” said Maria, in a whisper. “ She would have left me some word; she knew I could be trusted. She must be in the house.’’ “ Well, we will see; but I wish you had not come." A faint warning cry reached our ears as I spoke ; it came from the next room. “ That is Willie,” said Maria. Softly and gently 1 opened the door. “ My God!” cried Maria. She had caught sight of her friend, lying at full length on the carpet. " Stand back, Maria, this is no sight for you.” But she had also seen a little convulsed figure, rigid and foaming at the mouth; it was the boy, and lifting him in her arms she carried him downstairs. The room bore witness to a fearful struggle, the window sash was torn and smashed, chairs and other furniture broken, while blood stains were everywhere—on the floor and ruined furniture, on the walls and window. Mrs Grey had been murdered by the man she hod shielded—that was now my opinion. Taking the child with us, we hurried down the valley, and being overtaken by a farmer going to the village I sent a mes sage to the police. “ The poor child seems dying of fright,” said Maria. ” He must have witnessed the whole horrible sight." ' He was conscious, but would not open his eyes, and quivered and trembled in a pitiable way at every sound and movement. Maria, although she has never had any children of her own, gently rocked and petted him until he grew quieter. The sergeant of police called on me on his way up to the cottage, and together we searched the house. Not the slightest clue to the mystery of the presence of a man in the house could we find. "What had become of all the letters she had received ? Had the murderer destroyed them, and removed every vestige of evidence that might bring him to justice ? In a drawer in her work table, pushed behind, and evidently not seen, was one brief letter, written in a manly, handsome hand to “ Dear Alice,” and signed, “ Your loving husband, James Baker.” If that was her name, Grey must have been an assumed name. Not a farthing in money was found either in the possession of the victim, or in the house; he had evidently taken it with him in his flight, and as the alternative to a funeral at the "expense of the parish, Maria "had urged me to find the money. I had agreed to do this, and had given orders to the local undertaker, when a letter con taining u wB10 note was received by the sergeant, the sender not giving his or her name. I guessed it was the same friend or relative as had sent Mrs Grey the post office order for every week. The in quest resulted in a verdict of "Wilful murder against some person unknown,” and there being not the slightest clue to him, there seemed little chance of his being brought to justice. Maria and I followed the poor woman to the grave. As I looked upon her face for the last time I mentally registered a vow to track her murderer, if possible. Her thin, toil-worn hands were clasped upon her quiet breast; the sad, pale face, for all its sunken lines, wore a calm and peaceful look. Her release had come, her burden was lifted; her mission was ended, and at last she could rest. Undqr the soft waves of her hair, which had growi). nearly white since the previous autumn, was a terrible ivoqnd, fyer death Full descriptions of mother and child were given in the papers, if by chance her i friends might recognise her and communi | cate with us; but all our inquiries were , fruitless. She appeared as unknown and ■ friendless as if she had fallen from the 1 clouds. . , ,, .... i Ten days after she was buried the chile i she had loved so well followed her. He i clung to Maria passionately, never letting ; her out of his sight when awake, anc > nearly going into convulsions if any oni [ else approached or tguebed him, but thi j frail body grew daily weaker, and when th l little life wont out wg all rejoiced that hi 5 too had found rest. I felt sure that Willi i vras Mrs Grey’s own child; she had hae 3 some powerful motive for saying he wa ) her nephew. . _ - , 1 Maria did not wish to stay at Ingletoi after this, but before going home I went to the cottage, alone, to have another searoh. I don’t know what prompted me to do this, for the sergeant and I had twice ran sacked every room, and found nothing. The furniture remained unmolested; the landlord olaimed it for rent he declared to be owing, and he had tried to let the cot tage aa a furnished residence for summer visitors, but no one eared to live there. Again I turned over every room, every' article, and was going away disappointed when I caught sight of tho comer of a piece of paper at the edge of the carpet, near the fireplace. Pulling it out, 1 found it was a letter, which ran as fol lows :— " Dear Sister,—I have succeeded in getting the money you require, and here with send it to you, hoping your husband will continue to improve. But do consider the risk you run in trying to leave the country. I know your present life must be very miserable; always haunted by the fear that your husband’s hiding-glace may be discovered. The detectives have not in the least relaxed their vigilance, for not a single male stranger comes hero unper ceived. Father is aa bitter as ever, and if he even fancied you knew where James was he would stop your allowance. I shall be in great suspense until I read the news of your safe arrival in America* If I could only persuade you to leave the man who has made your life a misery. Do think of I all you are giving up for a man who does not care a jot for you. But there, Alice, I I do not wish to grieve yon, for we may ' never meet again. It is nearly sir, and J father will be here directly. Good-bye, dear sister. May God keep you wherever you go. Tour loving sister, Kate.” It was exactly as I had expected. The murdered woman had paid the penalty of devotion to a villain with her life. What crime had he committed ? I could not re member any Jame3 Baker in our Gazette for any serious offence. Was that his real name ? There was no address at the top of the letter, nor any envelope to show the postmark. There was no date even on the letter, showing that the greatest possible precautions had been taken to prevent dis covery. On arriving at home I searched the back numbers of the Gazette, and at last hit upon a likely case. Some weeks before Mrs Grey came to Ingleton a heavy forgery had been committedjby the cashier of a branch bank in one of the outlying suburbs of the Metropolis. The forger had absconded, and was supposed to have escaped from the country. But the man’s name was not Baker; it was James Adamson. . I I lost no time in seeing our chief, after reaching home, and, as 1 expected, he packed me off to London to tell all I knew to the Scotland Yard authorities. There I learnt who Mrs Grey really was—the daughter of a manager of the bank where j James Adamson was at first a clerk. She had been attracted by his handsome face, and been persuaded by him to agree to a secret marriage. She continued to reside at home, where her husband wrote her letters, signing himself James Baker. Three months had not elapsed after her marriage when the forgery was committed, and then the young wife left her home to fly the country with her husband. “The fear of detection seems to have touched his brain,” said Kate Millard to me, at an interview I contrived to obtain with her. " But he was no longer mad when he murdered poor Alice, and were I a man, I would track him, if he is on earth.” It was Kate who had sent the £10 note to defray the funeral expenses of her sister. She dared not openly acknowledge her relationship to the murdered woman. Notwithstanding the increased vigilance of the detectives, not the slightest trace could be obtained of tho fugitive, and had it not been for Maria, I should in time have forgotten the affair. . Eight years had elapsed, and even Maria seldom mentioned Mrs Grey, except when we started for our annual holiday; then she would “ wonder if we are to have an adventure this year.” Ever since that notable year at Ingleton Maria and I went to a fresh place every year. This year we had decided to try the Devonshire coast, Maria’s mother having been a native of that oountry. I fixed upon Bude as our head-quarters, and we greatly enjoyed our briof sojourn in that old-fashioned fishing village. One fine day I set off for a walk to Holsworthy, a small town about eight miles inland. I had been told there was a fine old church there, and T have always had a liking for ancient buildings. When I reached the little sleepy town, the boys were pouring out of the school, and turning into the churchyard I was followed by the schoolmaster, a grave, sad-looking man, whose face indicated that the cares of thi3 world were not unknown to him. He un locked the church door, and I followed him inside. I was in hopes he would act as guide, and tell me the history of some of the marble and brass tablets on the walls, but he wont straight to the organ, and began playing. Never in my life have I heard “ Vital Spark ” played as he. played it. Presently he began it again, and accompanied himself in a rich tenor voice. Just as he finished a boy entered the church, and stood listening. “ He’ll play the ‘ Dead March ’ next,” whispered the boy. “ He comes here every day at noon, and always plays the same two things.” Tho boy was right. The solemn tones of the funeral dirge rolled through the church, and the capabilities of the organ were shown to the utmost. Then tho schoolmaster came out as silently as he had entered. He walked with his head down, and his eyes fixed upon the floor, and did not seem to see either the boy or me. But he left the keys in the door. “ He knows I shall lock the door: feyther’s parish clerk,” said the boy. I went to the Holsworthy Arms to dine, and over some ham and eggs asked the landlord a few questions about the school master. “ Yes, he is rather queer, but we are all used to him, now. He is a capital teacher; gives all his mind to the ohildren, and brings them on wonderful. He’s music mad: never so happy, if he can be happy, as when he is at the organ. Folks think he applied for the sohool so as to got to the organ when he liked. He came here about seven or eight years since, and stayed with iqe for a month. Then he took lodgings with a tailor in the to^n, till the old schoolmaster died, and he got the place.” I had told Maria that I might not be back at Bude that night, and in the even ing again wandered into the church, hear ing the organ as I passed. “ Strange !” I thought, “ that he should be so fond of those two pieces.” " Vital Spark,” but with a female voice now join ing in the duet, echoed through the church. I waited till I heard them move, and then, not wishing to be thought rude, went out. At supper I asked my landlord if the schoolmaster had a sister or other female relative residing with him. “No; but I can guess why you ask You heard him singing with Fanny Loder. They are sweethearts, and will get married qome day. Her father has hinted thal there is' qo need pitf it P® any longer for they’ve been courting four years, Bui Mr Fenton doesn’t seem in much of a hurry.” Before six next morning I was fishing in the Torridge, having been told that the river was well worth a trial. I had taker a book with me to while away the time, no! being an adept with the fly. I had caugk i four fino trout, and waa fixing my bait whei ■ I heard a splash not far off, and in anothe: . moment saw a man struggling in the river i There had been heavy rain a few dayi i previous, and the stream was full. I sav i at once tliat the man could not swim, amc i throwing off my coat and boots, I ran som ! distance ahead, and1, then plunged in. 1 l swirl caused by abend in the river brough i himjnear my side of the bank, and I ha< little difficulty in reaching him. It was th i schoolmaster! The sudden immersion an his straggles had exhausted him, and it wag with great difficulty I got him landed, the bank being rather high. For several minutes he lay insensible on the grass, but fortunately I had brought my brandy flask with me, and a draught from that revived him. When he opened his eyeB, he seemed so frightened that I fancied he must have been nearer drowning than I had thought; his countenance appeared to be convulsed with some strange horror, and ho trembled like a man IoncesawhunginKirkdale Gaol. " Como, Mr Fenton, you must get home as quick as you can, and change your | clothes,” and I helped him up. Leaning ; heavily on my arm, and still trembling, we walked slowly to Holsworthy, and having given him into the care of the old woman who kept house for him, I went back for my rod, which I had left on the river bank. Having got it, I thought 1 might as well take that of the schoolmaster, otherwise it might disappear. But there was no sign of any rod; it had probably fallen in to the water with its owner. I was re tracing my steps when I spied a small book in the grass. It proved to be a copy of Shelley’s Poems. On the fly-leaf were the following verses :— " Thou’rt gone, dear wife, and I am left Without thy love to cheer me; Earth seems of all its joys bereft, Now thou no more are near mo. Thou’rt gone, and yet thou liv’st enshrined Where Death can ne’er efface thee ; Around my heart-strings fondly twined There I can ever trace thee. " Oft in the visions of the night Enraptured, I behold thee ; And though thou seem'st an angel bright, To my heart again I fold thee. Oh, may thy spirit, pure and blest, Through life thus guard and guide me; And when in slumber sweet I rest, Dearest, then watch beside me.” Opposite to the lines quoted, on the inside cover of the book, a name had been scratched out. I always carry with me a small pocket magnifying glass, and after some trouble I made out the name, and was thereby much excited. For the name was “ Alice Millard.” Fool that I was not to have suspected it before! This schoolmaster, Mr Charles Fenton, was really James Adamson, the murderer of his angel wife, the woman who had endured a martyrdom for hi3 sake. Her sister had told me of his musical gifts, and also that he had been trained as a schoolmaster, but not liking the profession had got a olerkship in a bank. Eate Millard had no photo of the forger to assist me in tracking him, but she had described him, and but that his dark brown hair had turned grey, the description was sufficiently accurate to make me sure that I had run the murderer to earth. But I would make sure before committing myself. The little schoolhouse was within the school walls, and thither I went. " Mr Fenton is too ill, and cannot see anybody,” said the old woman, but before I could say anything he came to the door. " Come in, sir ; I have to thank you for saving my life. I could almost wish you had not succeeded.” “ Was it intended suicide, and not an accident ?” I asked myself. “ I have brought a book that youleft on the grass, Mr Adamson.” He jumped up from his chair, glaring at me like a madman. “ My name is not Adamson,” he said, in a hoarse whisper. " It was eight years since, when you lived near Ingleton,” I replied quietly. “ Then it has come at last! The horrid vision I saw this morning when I thought myself dying was prophetic! Oh, God! pity me l” For a few moments he sat still, his head bowed almost to his knees ; then he looked up, and boldly met my gaze. ! “ I can guess why you are here, but be fore you take me away listen to my story. It is true that I killed the best wife man ever had, but as God is my judge I did not know it till some weeks afterwards. If Bhe were living she would tell you that I had brief intervals of sanity; it was in one of these 1 saw you, near the cottage in the Doe Valley. I know nothing of how the deed was dono. It is possible I saw Alice with the money I had in my possesion when I found myself next morning lying wet and cold on the fell. I was then sane, and determined to escape out of England. But it was fated other wise. Everytime I went near a seaport my madness returned, and at last I gave it up in despair. It is a wonder that in my | wanderings over the country I was not taken, but the hand of God was in it. I would cheerfully have laid down my life for Alice, and she knew that. Nothing else would have reconciled her to the life she had to live with me after my flight from London.” "Butif you were insane when—when you left the cottage, how do you know i what you did to your wife ?” “ I read it on the wall of a police station ■ at Manchester.” “ Do you know that the child is dead ?” “ Yes, that I learnt from a newspaper.” What was I to do P Give him up to justice, and see him consigned to a crimi nal lunatic asylum for the rest of his life ? I hesitated to do this. The man was now living respectably, fulfulling a position for which he was eminently fitted; his remorse would only terminate with his life, and the punishment was suffi ciently severe. “ Mr Fenton, are you going to marry j that girl with whom your naqie is associa ted ?” ; *• I dare not; she is gentle and good, and wonderfully like my lost Alice in her dis position, but no, no—I dare not do what her father wishes.” " Then I will bid you good-bye,” and I rose. “ You will not betray me ?” he said in , astonishment. “No; you are safe—forme.” I turned as I reached the door; he was on his knees by the side of his chair. A week afterwards I again walked over to Holsworthy, and to my first question about the schoolmaster was told that he had died that morning. His fall into the river had brought on a fever, and before delirium set in he exacted a promise from Fanny Loder to the effect that no one but his doaf housekeeper should nurse him, and thus no one in Holsworthy became acquainted with his secret. I wrote to Kate Millard, giving her full particulars of his death, and she said I had done right in leaving him unmolested. If I had only burnt her letters Maria would never have known of my detection of Adamson, and of the extent of his " wife’s devotion.” 