LOCALISM AND FEDERATION. Me. EmroR. - The three leading aspecte of the federation question just now appear to be respectively varicose sentiment (Mr. Barton, &e.;), political commercialism (Mr, Mcblillan, &e.;), and jonketting and beckecratching (?Mr. Reid, &e.;). This is as regards N. S. Wales. It was once supposed to be an almost terrene question-in the air in fact; but since t must have gone to a very nebulous, mythical port of atmosphere, because the sentiment is silent, the commercialism flat, and the banqoetting, &o.;, terminated. With the advent of the tick-plague and "pure" freetrade however, the federal ghost is once more feeling its way. When the daylight is dying, its vague outline may be seen making faces at the Kanakas and laughing in its sleeve (of bran new Australian manufacture A.n. 1999, the sleeve only) at the fabulous suppositions of the Hons. Sir S. Griffith, G. H. Reid, A. Turner, &e.; (N.B.-Federation fidzlers are great at suppositions.) Now however putting suppositions and jokes (?) on one side, perhaps it will be found that the greatest enemy, or friend, of federation is the spirit of localism. It is this clinging, as it may be called, to the surroundings of hearth and home that should first be considered and recog nieed by statesmen who wish to propel the federal movement. With the exception of say an isolated, incoherent sort of address at Taroutta, or a species of roseate federal dille tanteiem spoken to the students of some high-toned college in Sydney or Melbourne, no leading politician has endeavoured to enlist local sentiment throughout the country in the matter, or to gauge the quality of local in terests which will ultimately be the true determining force of an abiding federal system. Certain globe- trotters have credited the Australians with being a restless, ill-adaptative people. If this opinion were applied to Austra. lien politicians it would present half a cheek of material evidence; but the people are simply long- suffering, patient, and the victims of badly designed railway and land settle. mont systems, &o.;, &o.;, and et cetera. The restless, &c.;, section is simply the aftermath - the efforves enco-of strong local impulses that look in vain (for the present) for an outlet as regards local productions, that grow incredulous as to the estab lishment of trades and macrket near at hand, and find themselves con. fronted by miles on miles of emu plains and sheep.walks. It is no wonder that the people with such good reason should fail to interest them. selves in the schedule aspect of kid. gloved and tau.booted federationism. It will perhaps be evident that no system can be commensurate which will fail to moderately reconcile and adjust the progress of communal in dustry, &o.;, to the payment of fedora tion taxes. So far I for one cannot see (and in all humility I follow Hon. J. Want &n.; in this connection) that New South Waleo, for instance, would be much benefited by anything more than a well-equipped, &o.; federal. defence system. In the event of in ternational war it will be unturally the interest of all the colonies to pull together; but perhaps, under certain all-round federal systems, the chances of internecino (or intercolonial) trouble would be more enhanced than los soned.-Yours &o;,, G. McA. 