THE P8JS0HER. We cannot be more than eight hun dred miles from Rio do Janeiro. But it Is four months and a day since we left there. The second week out we struck some wreckage, and stripped the blades off our propeller, besides fracturing the shaft. I do not believe we moved two miles in any direction after that. But worse was to come. One day, what we imagined was yel low fever broke out amongst us. First, Ferrand, the chief engineer, died. Then one after the other the officers succumb ed. Our doctor, a guest of the Marquis de la Forestier and myself, had been left, with four other members of our party, in Rio. They were to rejoin us at Pernambuco, for which port we were bound when we lost our screw and struck this windlass belt and were boar ded by Death. One morning, at break fast, the marquis himself was taken ill. At noon, my friend and old schoolfellow, died in my arms. No suspicion had any; of us that it was aught but fever. The symptoms were exactly as we -had hear ul when ashore—excessive retching, agon ised spasms, death. Alas! we had no doctor, and, amongst us all, no medical knowledge! ' And it was calm—always calm. And we lay and sweltered motionless. And at short intervals men died. The offi cers were all gone. Then in one day, five of the sailors died—five, do you un derstand?—one after the other. Thei survivors, wild with fear, declared that La Pucelle was accursed, doomed to rot where she lay. And, seizing two of the boats, they pulled away. They implored us to join them. But we preferred to stay and take our chance. There had been no deaths for twenty-four hours So they went. On board were now left only myself, Jean d’Auvergne, better, known as the Baron de Clichy; my friend, Antoine de Ceyenne, Sieur de Beaupere, and the steward, a native or Ajaccio in Corsica, who also refused to leave the ship. Evidently the plague had ceased. But week after week we lay like a log in the sun's eye; night after night, and day by day, and hour by hour, did we pray and watch for wind to fill our little sails, and at least take us from amidst the graves of our dead shipmates, the monsters who never ceased to swim about in the^ stagnant water, watching for more victims. And, ever the calm stood, and to save our selves from madness, we worked harcf at cleaning and scraping and painting, the vessel. For some time the steward had been! acting in a strange and most of fensive manner, insisting, amongst other things, that, as we wera now all equal, he should take his meals; with us in the cabin. Naturally, we re sisted this innovation. One day, words waxed hot between himself and An toine. De Cevenno struck him. His threats were awful. “Ferrand struck me once!” he concluded. “Where is Ferrand now? Where are they all, my accursed masters?” Then a horrid sus picion came into my mind, and I deter mined to watch him closely for at least' the next twenty-four hours. But such a length was unnecessary. Washing the blood from his face, he went straight to his pantry- Stealthily I fol lowed, and saw him take a square glass bottle from one of the shelves. Holding it up to the light, he grinned, and mut tered to himself in Italian—“Fool that I was to spare them! Soon shall the fever return! Then there will be but one master on La Pucelle!” • With a shout to Antoine in the saloon,_ the next minute I had the miscreant by the throat. He fought like a fury. But we mastered him. The bottle con tained arsenic stolen from the 'dispen sary. He had not even the excuse of insanity; for when at last, securely bound, we carried him on deck, he( boasted, in a matter-of-fact, cold-blood ed fashion, of the revenge he had taken. And he told us, too, that he had but spared us for a short time longer be cause of the pleasure it gave him ten feel the sense of absolute power ovec the last of his former masters—a pos session he was loth to part with. “But the poor seamen, with whom you had! nothing to do?” queried Antoine, in a voice of horror. “The lust to kill cornea by killing,” replied the wretch with! a laugh. And he would speak no more. Indeed, he had but little time. Far, more merciful than he had been, wei hurled him overboard. The next minutei the watchers took him, leaving only a! red stain on the still water, to show; the end of the wholesale murderer. ,j And now the ship became utterly in supportable. At every turn we met the ghosts of our poor poisoned friends," Strangely enough, before this know ledge no such thoughts had ever troub led us. Now Martel the captain, Fer ' rand the engineer, bluff old Joyeuse the! mate, the marquis, and many others* hovered around us, all with distorted faces and despairing gestures, their, Manes still unappeased. To-day we take! the larger of the two remaining boats. Of provisions and water we have ani ample supply. Farewell, unknown! reader! Perhaps, ere this meets your! eye, we may have joined our friends over yonder. But we trust in the good God and the saints, and, more than all, in our luck. Once more, adieu!—"Pub lic Opinion.” , 1 A lady’s tailor tells of a practical jokd played upon a lady who advertised foe a companion, who must be domesti cated, early riser, of good appearance, musical, and have some experience oC nursing; abstainer preferred. A wag sent a hamper with a line tabby cat in side, and this inscription attached^ “The enclosed is domesticated, an ex cellent vocalist, has an amiable die* position, is a useful companion, and anf early riser. She has brought up a large! family, and is an experienced nurse. She is a total abstainer, and only re quires a comfortable home.” “They love him most for the enemies he has made.”—This was the reason given by General Bragg in the Demo cratic Convention of 1SS4 why the! young men of the United States were in favor of Grover Cleveland. These! catchy phrases have carried great' weight at the Presidential Conventions. Mr Bryan, doubtless, was fully aware of that fact when he likened himself in regard to his silver crusade to “Peteo. the Hermit.” “Everlastingly right” waa the phrase with which Garfield stirred1 a Convention and secured nomination. 