TOPICS OF THE WEEK. (By Mabk Cobweb.) j The defeat of Stanbury by Gaudaur in tho I great Sculling championship lias only too forcibly shown us that the Australians are not invincible even in a boat race. That tho Australian cham- pion was beaten badly is only too evident to any unprejudiced person. It is asserted that Stanbury elaunod. a foul and did not try to win, but certain it is that tho protest must have been a very weak one when the umpire disallowed it, although doubtless Stanbury hiraselt thought it serious .enough to allow of his not making the pace, and therefore of court c it cannot be called a decisive race. Gentle Reader ! I remember when I used to ran races with boys at picnics and elsewhere, that I never came past the winning post defeated on my merits, in the estimation of tho bystanders, for it was a noticeable fact that if a boy was .gaining on me I was sure to fall, but if I could "make tho running" it was equally noticeable that I never evon stumbled. Of course I will let yon draw your conclusions as to what was tho cause of my stumbling, andmust get on to my subject again, but first must tell yon that it takes mo a long time to say what I wish, so do not get impatient. 'Surely Stanbury must have imagined the world ;to be spinning round with a monster burden of " crass ignorance" instead of enlightened people when he brought forth this poor inconsistent ex cuse. I wonder what he would think of Cob web if he saw this review, but perhaps, — mind, perhaps— Cobweb's mode of running and Stan- bury's mode of boat racing in a raco where each sees lie Las not tho '' ghost of a chance" to win, are very similar. In 18SG Gaudaur rowed ono of the best contested races when pitted against Beach that has ever been rowed. This race clearly showed the Yankee had grit, becauso al though defeated, it is a well known fact that ho held on with tho greatest pluck. But Stanbury perhaps thought discretion the bettor part of valour, and if so who can blame him ? It is enough for the Australians to boast that he was fouled, nevertheless Ambitious parts he oft essayed, And usually with renown j But in the last groat act ho played, Defeat has rung the curtain down. What an ocean of mist rises before our eyes when we attempt to scan the unheard of atrocities in Constantinople P It almost appears that the bloodthirsty Turks |have taken out a " homicidal right and permit." If so,_ certainly I have never seen one, but putting all jokes asido readers ; there is .very little difference between the uncanny practico of those uneducated heathens and our enlightened England and France. Ah, I am sure a crimson curse will bo directed at .Cobweb from many of tho readers, so I will ox-, plain what I mean. It is asserted that tho Turk ish police showed tho mob which wore tho Armenians, houses, and in consequence thereof the domiciles of the christians were pillaged and the owners brutally butcherod, the mob further stating that they had a license from tho Sultan to butcher for three days ; and of course during all this timotho Western European nations stand idly by. The Members of (Parliament have made a few speeches so as not to run tho risk of losing fat salaries, but in a few words the extent of their speeches contain unparalleled " palaver" to the Turks and advice to the Armenians in such strains as the following : By thy own souls, law learn to live, And if men thwart thee, take no hood And if men hate thee,' kavC'no care, 1 Sing thou thy song and do thy deed. Because two Arab Editors reforred to Her Britannic Majesty in their journals in a rather warm strain tliey were sentenced to 18 months imprisonment, and yet here are atrocities, the most horrible imaginable allowed to take place actually with a right for throe days' slaughter from the Sultan. Now is there much differenco.between the uneducated barbarians and the enlightened nations P No, I think you will agreo with me when I say that civilisation is only barbarism whitewashed. Perhaps no name is more familiar to Sydney la w reporters than that of tho Rev. Jas. Clarke. Whether the ex-minister's mindiis drifting on tho waters of insanity is for the doctors to explain, but my unbiassed opinion is that he is " jolly stingy" and not a good friend to the lawyer, for this weok he actually is defending his own rights, or what seems to him to I e his rights, against such ' big guns' as Rogers, Q.C. and C.B. Stephen. It must nave taken the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Cohen down a peg when they were sub jected to cross examination in tho witness box by a person whom one of those legal gentleman said should not be at large. I am afraid if the Rev. Clarke sees this article he will be 'pulling Cob webs Ears' through the press, but what matter for I should say " My dear Clarke, tho greatest scandal waits on greatest state." I have not yet seen tho result of tho action but suroly the jury will award no damages oh such a pettifogging count. To all appearances it is as easy to control a thunder bolt as this pillar of erudition. One of his grotesque ideas although it may be legal is that he must sass a person on the' right side. Well as i "said" lefore, perhaps this is legal but when we are in Rome we must live as Rome, and not carry on whimsical tomfoolery. Well readers, alieadv the iron tongue of midnight is . proclaiming another day gone for oyer, (you see I can be serious at times) so I will drift home ward. A well known hanker of Yass I bolieve, finds far more " sermons in stones" than in the jingle of bank coins. And who would not if he had any common sense. Still Cobweb thinks ho wouldjsooner be behind the bank counter. To tho practical student of natural history what can be more advantageous than a pleasant drive to his country seat, Dut before this gentleman drives his carriage to his what may bo nis country in the seat subsequently, I imagine it would be advis able to ask for improvements to the road. " A bird that does not sing, A bell that does notring, A gun that will not fire a shot, ' A horse that will not go' a trot, And boys and girls who love not fun, Are worthless, when all's said and done." Such is the leii-tnotij of a new story of Austra lian Child-life, entitled Tho Youngster of Murray Home, copies of which will arrive next month. Written by M. Ella Chaffey, of Renmark, South Australia. It will bo published by Ward, Lock, and Bowden, and be illustrated and produced uniform with-Ethel Turner's successful " Seven Little Australians." 