NOT WELL TREATED. CASE OF CHARLES CLIFFORD. To the Editor of "The Herald." Sir,— A report of my case appeared in last Friday's Issue of .your paper. Since I hut date I have been too ill to reply to it, so hope that you will kindly, at this late date, allow me to correct some grave errors contained In It, und also to point out briefly the peculiar treatment inctcd out to a total stranger to your city, and which are so passing strange in these days of advanced thought and democratic legislature, that one could almost fancy himself transported to St. Petersburg, and subject to tho caprices of a Russian spy. (Tho matters with which our correspon dent proceeds .to deal are statements set out In an -affidavit In the proceedings, and we do not see our way to allow those to be reviewed In our column's.— Ed. H.) In a country that boasts of Its having no law permitting Imprisonment for debt it Is passing strange my peculiar treatment while In the confines of the gaol of Melboiirnlnnoff; but this I want lo say, that all the 'officials I came In contact with treated me with universal courtesy, except one, who, . perhaps, could not be expected to extend the courtesy of a gentleman to a stranger from Sydney, locked up as a debtor. Well, on Saturday, at four p.m., I wus locked up, after having been ex amined for brands, etc., weighed, mea sured and finally numbered. I was told T could not have anything to eat till next day. My cell was dedicated to the hang man, and was also occasionally used as the temporary abode of such gentlemen as Deeming, and was very handily situ ated, as the gallows was just opposite the dootwuy;so I can truly assert I have slept under the shadow of the gallows Ave nights. The ghosts of none of those who hnd at various times ' figured so tragically on the hideous beam, With Its fearfully suggestive rope marks, dis turbed my rest; but several fleas, evi dently belonging to the hangman— the last one to sleep in my bed— did. I was at first denied permission to write by the governor, who after relented. All my tetters were opened, and 'delayed con siderably before being handed to me. I was allowed to exercise myself In the condemned yard, a dreary place, without shelter of any hind. There I walked for ten hours a day, and then retired to my ceil. I was relased on condition I don't annoy the sheriff with such trivial ques tions as slight compensation for my wonderful experience In your ever glori ous capital. But you really cannot ex pect much in u country where they teach their hoys dressmaking in the State nrhniM — 1 ain. etc.. Auburn. C C. CLIFFORD. (Captain Burrowos, the governor of the Melbourne Goal, was Ecen regarding this matter, nnd stated that he was not pro- sent when our correspondent was. re ceived Into the goal. Regarding the courtesy, or the want of it, of which tlie writer complains, Captain Burrowes soys that he naturally can afford no informa tion. He points out that discipline In alt penal establishments must be maintain ed, and naturally persons not accus tomed to its restrictions feel them Irk some. Our "complainant" mukcB objec tion that he was not given food until after ho had been within the walls for some hours. The ofllclal explanation Is that us a mere debtor, he was en titled to, and could, if he hud wished, und, Indeed, as he subsequently did, ar range that his food should be pro.vldcd from outside the prison. Regarding tho complaint as to correspondence. It Is stated that every facility, consistent with the gonl regulations, was afforded him. —Ed. II.) Tho Oukleigli (tolicn are nomewhnt .piqued at the action of the League of Victorian Wheelmen, through Mr Fink, their solicitor, Hi withdrawing the ruiii- luoiiHCH ngnJuHt two of Uie Iwyn who were eluirged vvltii damaging a bicycle hy laying tacks along tho road, aud ask ing the Bench to merely caution tlie third. Tho jxillce state tlmt tliey went to uo end of trouble In finding tho ac cused, nud consider their efforts have been passed over too lightly 