A PLEA POB, TTRT.T.. By the Bight Hon. W. E. Gladstone. In the " North American Review " for April, Mr Gladstone, continuing his papers on '• The Future Life and the Condition of Man Therein," gives his speculation on the future of the un righteous in the next world. The article is extremely interesting. Mr Gladstone, who has one font in the grave, sets forth his reasou for believing that the ten dency of recent times has been unduly to discredit one of the great arguments by relying upon which the Church has placed some effective restraint upon the lawless passions of men. Mr Gladstone says : " Therefore, the great Apostle of the grace of God sets before us this side of his teaching:1 Knowing the terrors of the Lord, we persuade men.' Menace as well us promise, menaceforthose whom promise could not melt or move, formed an essential part of the provision for work ing out the redemption of the world. So far as my knowledge nnd experience go we aroiu danger of losing this subject out of sight and out of mind. I am not now speaking of everlasting punishments in particular but of all aud any punish ment ; and can it be right, can it be warrantable that the pulpit and the press should advisably Ml short of the standard established by the Holy Scriptures, and not less uniformly by tlio earliest and - most artless period of hortatory Christian teaching ? Is it not altogether un—. deniable that these authorities did so haudle the subject of this penal element, in the frequency of mention and in the manner of handling, that in their Chris tian system it had a place as truly opera tive, as clear, palpable and impressive, as the more attractive doctrines of redeem ing love? I sometimes fear that we have lived into a period of intimida tion in this great matter. The broad and simple promulgation of tlio new scheme which is known as the Sermon on the Mount was closed with the awful presentation of the house built upon the saud." Mr Gladstone reinforces this argument by the history and tra dition of the Church and by referring to the testimony of modern science as to°the influence of environment. He savs: " It there be one fact more largely and solidly established by experience than, any other, it is, apart from all controversy as to the relative weight of environment and endowment, that conduct is the instrument by which character is formed, and that habit systematically pursued, tends to harden into fixity." Further he maintains that not only does natural law point to the permanence of evil habits, but the moral government of the world demands that suffering should be con joined to sin. He says that the dispensa tion which associates siu with suffering is a supreme law of the universe, and he who rebels against it rebels against the moral order. Mr Gladstone examines at some length Lord Tennyson's devout hope as expressed in "Iu Mo rnoriam," and then examines the doctrine of individual immortality and that of universalism. To this doctrine of in diyiduiilisin he evidently inclines, but he rejects the doctrine of universalism with great emphasis. I do not think that we need quarrel with universalism because some uuiversalists are so illogical as not to include the devil in their scheme These all involve the ultimate triumph of good. Mr Gladstone is very emphatic in asserting his belief iu evil spirits. Ho says " But I presume that most Chris tians, who watch with any care their own mental and inward experience, are bnt too well convinced that they have to do with " principalities and powers, the ru-eis of the darkness of this world - " that they are beset by a great personal scheme of evil agency, under which method and vigilance, emploving what ever bad means, or oven good^ wall serve their purpose, are raised in their work of seduction and ruin to what seems a terrible perfection." ' His chief objec tiou to universalism is that it conflicts with tho doctrine of the sin against the Holy Ghost. The theory, ho contends, is neither more nor less than a flat con tradiction of divine utterance:—"To presume upon over-riding the express declarations of the Lord Himself, de livered upon His own authority, is surely to break up reveided religion in its verv groundwork, and to substitute for it a flimsy speculation, spun like the spider's web by the private spirit, aud about as little capable as that web of bearing the strain by wbicb the false is to be severed from the true." But after all, his chief ob jection is based upon his conviction that although the fear of hell may bo as Burn's said, but as the hangman's whip it is a cogent argument with which the TOdst cannot afford to dispense. Speaking of the theory which denies future punishment, hp says» What is this hut to emasculate all the sanctions of religion, and to give wickedness, already under too leeble restraint, a new ran»t of licence ?" Mr Gladstone is about to revasp and republish these articles. Thinking ho might be interested in the latest piiases of the evidence as to indi vidual persi deuce after death by the investigation ofBor.lcrhmd, I scut him Mr Richard Hudson's papier in the"Forom;" describing bis experience witlv ' Mr Piper, and some recent ; articles whick nnd . ^appeared on similar subjec.s m Borderland." -Mr Glad stone wrote in reply as follows * Ha warden. I have read the very in teresting articles you have sent lue, and in the revision of my papers I propose to make reference to the - phenomena of spiritism and psychical research. W E Gladstone." In view of Mr Gladstone's observations it may be worth while to quote the following passage from the current number of " Borderlaud " • " It is rather curious, if so be that "all spiritualistic communications are the work of the Evil Ope, that Spiritualism, separating itself from the optimist views of those, who teach that the Christian doctrine- of future punishment is a raeduevuT superstition, should always insist upon tbe terrible reality of retri bution beyond the grave. The state ments made by the • spirits' may be grotesque, fantastic, horrible, or ridicu lous, but. to one thing they are always constant, viz., that in the life which is to come there is retribution, and that how ever we may shrink from the fact, the future is a state oi punishment quite as much as a state at blessedness. Mauy vears. ago a Presbyterian niiuister, who was ex pelled noiu his denomination because he WHs-leclared not to bo 'sonndonhell,' told ''"r^hat so far from seeking to destrov belief m future punishment, he regarded it as -one of the. most urgent of religions duties to rehabilitate the idea of hell which had become discredited by the in human exaggerations 0f doctrinaire theologians. To make hell thinkable as a practical reality in our day, its defini tion must b- readjusted to the mental ntendian of our time, and with the idea or retribution must be associated tbe idea °' redemphon and evolution. In tlie three articles which I print under this heading, cao yuhi'nt vloix each is retribution, rhu hrevt ropivsonts retribution, as the shape of a fixed habit, tyrannising for torture long after it lias ceased to minister to the lust of life ; the second an imagi native picture by a novelist, shows : retribution, in the compulsory contempla tion ot the working out of our sins and! ! shortcomings; the third the dream of a. medium, displays retribution in the [ perpetual renewal of the horror and alarm that follow the crime. But it is. always Retribution* views," -"Reeiew of Bs 