STRAY THOUGHTS. As oontinued health Is vastly prderable to the happiest recovery from Illness, so ia innocence superior to tbe truest repentance. Love is good, and does good wondroudy without thinking about it, and without knowing It. Love does good by deeds and words, and without deeds and words—by touohes, by looks, by glanoes. It is not what men doubt, but what they believe with mind and might, tiie faiths they assimilate and reproduce in conduct and character, that save them from sin and make them strong to do aad endure. People often eulogise praotioe when they mean enly routine, boarting themselves as practicd 1 teachers, intending thereby that they do only what has always been done, and do not mean to do any better to-morrow than they did yesterday. - The man who intelligently thinks and aots for himself -will respect the same characteristic In others, and wlll extend the same hospitality and sympathy of thought and word that he- desires for himself; whereas mere similarity, formed by a weak imitation, affords no men coherenoe than do grains of sand in the same vessel. Patience says " Be not aghast j Hdd hope and truth within thee fast, And let Fortune work forth ber rage." The one gift t» give to ohildren ie the power of self-oontrol. Give them the habit of it and the knowledge to understand when they should take themadvee in hand. That is worth a fortune in Itself, and is far better than the "machine drill" of enforced ebedienoe. The child that Is restrained by orders only will be sure to fly back, like a released spring, as soon as the pressure is removed. Lst it be taught to apped to itself, to judge for Itself In little matters ol the nursery, or in matten of dispute with others. When we fed with another, w* shall be keen to detect the pauses of his joy and pain, and quick to promote the one and turn adde the other. lien and women, to lead worthy lives, must have a just respect for others. Whatever tends to realise and to atrengthen these promotes human welfare, Practice and theory must go together. Theory without praotioe to test it, to verify it, to oorreot it, Is idle 'speculation ; but praotioe without theory to animate it is mere mechanism. In every art and bmlneis theory ia the soul and practice the body* The soul without the body In whioh to dwell is indeed only a ghost, but the bedy without a tool is ody a corpse. Many things lightly o^lm our attention ; but none of them will reodve it aright it eur thoughts wander aimlessly from one te another without a guide. The parent who disco vera that he may ghtly yield to the tenderness he feels for bis ohlld is in Borne danger of forgetting the paramount duty ot training him to fortitude and enduranoe. What soothes suffering, what sanctifies labour, what makm a man good, strong, wise, patieutj benevolent, just and at the same time humble and greats worthy of liberty, is to have before bim the perpetual virion d a better world casting its nys through the darkness of this life. None an truly happy but those who are busy ; for red happiness lies only in useful work of some kind, either of the band or the head, so long ss over- exertion of either is avdded. It ahould be the aim of every one to be employed. If all men and women wen kept at some useful employment, then would be lees sorrow and wickedness in the world, Ufe consists, net in the abundanoe of things that we possess, but in the good and honest work that v?e do. The habit of concentration does not eoessarily make a person so absorbed in ne thing as to become narrow and oneided. He may beoome so by yidding holly to a native impulse of dwelling on ne thing s but the 1 Earns self-control that onoenbatee Ida energies at will can also ivert them at will into another nbawwi hen tiie proper tunes arrives, Thing said js said,-and forth it goeth. Though thou npent it, or be loth. Enjoy life whPe yon can, but be ever eady to work when called upon. Here is danger-signal against the mistake which ome ptople niakt who regard enjoyment s the object of life and work as an unortunate accident. Whoever oan work with tbe beet heart, seal, and industry can, as a rule, play with the moat pleasure. he 0onKioBBius3 of doty neglected will bast a Tdl «ver tiie brightest enjoyment. In tin aotud'*praotioe of dally life you will -find that wherever then is secrecy, there.is either jgbtlt or danger. It Is not possible but that there should be things needed to be kept tenet; but the dignity and safety of human life are In the precise measure d Its frankness. Then is no fear for uy child whe ia frank with his father and mother; none for men or woman who tonkiltfeOod, 