ST. LAWRENCE. [FR/IM OCH OWN CURRESPONDKNT.l A meeting of the Progress Association wns held in the Sportsman's Anns Hotel on the 3rd instant. There were present :-Messrs. J. S. Booth (President), C. T. Allcult, G. Fox, A. Blythe, M. W. Cutlack, S. Hawkins, ! W. H. Robinson, and J. Adair. The Presi- dent read over thc notice of meeting, and spoke st some length on the several matters set dowu for discussion. Messrs. Allcuit, Blythe, and Hawkins took an active part in the discussion, and at length the following resolutions were passed:-"That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable and necessary lo apply for a boat pilot, and that lights be placed on the river, or such other beacons as the Govern- ment may thing Gt, to assist in navigating Wandy Creek to New Port." 'That a tele- graph or telephone linc be applied for between St. Lawrence abd New Port." The Clerk was directed lo request Mr. J. Murray, M.L.A., to use his influence in endeavouring to obtain a grant for the use of a diamond drill to bore for gold at Yatton and silver ut Camilla, or to get portion of thc grant voted for prospecting purposes. Mr. Allcutt moved thaf- a committee of four be appointed to confer with Captain Erickson, and request him lo supply a statement as to what, in his opinion was necessary to be done in erecting lights and beacons in Wandy Creek lo make such safely navigable, and that such committee consist of Captain Owens and Messrs. M'Grade, Fox and the mover. This was seconded by Mr. Adairs. It was resolved that a letter be written to Mr. Murray, M.L.A. embodying thc resolu- tions passed at the meeting, with tho object of his being enabled to bring them favourably before the respective departments, and that Mr. Murray bc requested to advise as to the result. Mr. Fox gave notice of the following resolution to bc considered at the next meeting "That resolution No. G passed at last meeting of which eight members were to form a quorum be rescinded with a view to substituting a resolution making thc attendance of four, members necessary to form a quorum, pro- viding Buch includes tho President or vice president. It is rumoured since the arrival of last Briawon that owing to some of tho machinery having been short shipped the Meat Export Works will not commence operations until tho 1st of September. St. Lawrence, 7th August, 1890. Typhoid ia a dispuse of bacilli, typhoid bacilli ; and the bacilli v>e find in human excre- ment, and in drinking water fouled by auch excrement. It is probable that no man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swallow- ing some typhoid bacilli. They may bc swallowed, us wc have said, in drinking water, or they may be flying about thc air in the neighbourhood of typhoid excrement, and may bo swallowed with mouthfuls of air. What then ÍB tho first and last commandment of typhoid prevention ? "Cleanliness; personal and public cleanliness," It is all there. If wc keep ourselves clean : if wc keep our drink- ing water clean ; if we keep our closets and our drains, and kitchens, sculleries, gardens, streets, and towiiB entirely clean, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of us as is the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of tho extinct Deinotbcrium.-Hospital. Clearing balance of wool goods, Shawls, Fascinators, Scarves, Polkas, Hoods, Hat and Gaitera. Bargains in Ladies and Childrens* Hnisery, Gloves, Laces, Ribbons, etc. These lines are being eleared out at ridiculously low price. Call and see the goods. JAMES STEWART AND Co.-ADVT. 