ON THE "PEARL" DISASTER. Again there comes the restless sweep Of turbid waters seaward bound, With eddying foam and current deep, And floating drift-wreck swirling round, But mingling with its ceaseless roar, The startled city hears the sound Of deadly fear the waters o'er, And women weeping on the shore For those who will return no more. O Angel of the viewless spear, Above the sullen river's breast, Thy harvest ever, year by year, 'Tis still our dearest and our best, * By snowy reef and northern wave, In watery realms of dreamless rest. On weed-fringed bank, in coral cave, Lies the vast tribute that we gave To crown thy triumph of the grave ! Careless we laughed an hour ago. An hour ago !—and where are we ? And with no ripple in its flow The river seeks the open sea ; And 'merged in one vast ocean then Comes book in dew to flower and tree. So may the striving souls of men, Made pure in seas beyond our ken, return to light our lives again. O Human Hearts, in sorrow's thrall, By blind, dumb, grief and passion tried, Were truly death the end of all No man had ever nobly died. Or love ere risen above desire, Or the White Christ been crucified ; Nor should our souls have known the fire That bids the weakest soul aspire From the great levels won to heights still higher. ESSEX EVANS * Quetta disaster It's not every bicycle rider who can lower the record, but it's a poor bicycle that can't lower the rider. School Teacher (to boy at the head of class the lesson being philosophy) —How many kinds of force are there? Boy—Three, sir. "Name them." " Bodily force, mental force, and the police force." Promptly Resented—Friend : "Ah, this is the little one, eh" Papa (indignantly) : " Little one ? He weighed fourteen pounds when he was born, and he's been growing like a weed ever since." " What are you writing, Hawley ?'' " A story. I'm going in for fiction." " Really? For a magazine ?" " No ; for my tailor. He wants his money, and I'm telling him I'll send him a cheque next week." Bass : " Do you know that Fenderson is a regular lady-killer ?" Casa: "I suspect as much from what he said about thc woman in thc big hat just in front of him at thc theatre the other night." Blobbs : " They say an actor is never afraid to live in a haunted house." Slobbs : " I suppose because he is usually full of spirits anyhow." Blobbs: "Yes, and then he always likes to see the ghost walk." A Cooler.—Old Beau: " Dearest Ethel, will you allow me to speak to your mamma ?" Ethel : "I am not sure that mamma intends to marry again ; but, if you are not too old, you may speak to her if you like." Victim (writhing in barbar's chair) : " What on earth is the matter with the razor?" Coloured Barber : " Deed, sah, dere isn't nuffin' du mattah wuf de razah, but yoh whiskahs sutny acks ez if dey'd bin nickle-plated." Mrs. Magun: " I came across one of your old letters to-day. George, where you said that you would rather be in endless torment with me than be in bliss by yourself." Mr. Magun : " Well, my dear, I got my wish." 