OUR PARIS LETTER. From Ocr Correspondent. LONDON. 4th July. At the present moment there aro no aotual blistering questions to prevent diplomatists from seeking their annual rotreat at some mineral water station, to fix up internal organs notln workingordcr, after theyoar's Indulgence In retits nlata and fine winoB. Real regret is felt by diplomatists at the departure of Lord Dufferin. Ho often lent them a hand to Arrange thoir difficulties. His lordship merits a rest; whilo hoing to memory dear, he will not bo lost to sight. Doubtless he will bo created a duke, though not a wealthy inan, and ho will mako a capital Foreign Secrotary. Not much interest U taken in the M Shadow tho powers, unable to agree what is best to be done with the Sultan, apparently givo him a "free hand" with Armonians, Cretans and Druses : likely thoy aro allowing him to extinguish himself. Thero are more than whispers that the Czar's health leaves something to be desired. That does nob prevent Russia quietly scoring diplomatic victories. Sho has reconciled Scrvia and Montonegro. Tho late Czar a few yoars ago said tho latter was Russia's " only friend." In tho coming battlo of the Balkans- date unfixed — this dual addition to BuignriA will bo a thern in the flesh of Auetro-Hungary. Tho dehato in tho Italian Chambers on tbo foreign polioy of the Peninsula has revealed how great is the soroncss between the two Latin sisters, Franco and Italy. Not only is tho Triple Alliance still an evergreen for Italy, but her 41 intimate friendship " with England in the best guarantee for tho frcodom of tho Aleditor- ranean. Italy casts longing eyes upon Tunisia, but will nob be outraced by Franco in tho " pro tection " of Tripoli. The French mado a mistake yoars ago to rush tho donunoia- tion of their commercial treaty with Italy, and blundered still more so in keoping up a running nagging, at the " Maca ronis," as they call thoir thirty-first cousins from thu Alps to tho Adriatic. The abolition of tbo treaty has injured both countries, per haps, on'tho whole, Italy the last. France has to rely on Italy for hor main supply of taw silk to feed hot- looms at Lyons nnd St. Eti6nne ; whilo Italy, forced to Book an outlet olscwhcro for her wines, has found that In South America, wheroshehascomplotolydriven French wines from the markot. By tho new Gorman- Belgian routo to London Italy is able to under- foil Franco in roll butter, poultry, eggs, vegetables and fruitB in England, a matter bo it said en pdstant not unworthy tho attention of Australians. As for that Turk's head, Britain, it does look as if the Anglophobista wcro becoming fatiguod at thoir fair green gamo of massacro. She keeps the even tenor of her way — for tho Soudun ; as for tho Egyptian question, it is nover mentioned. Sirdar Kitchener is expected to " arrange " tiio Alahdi beforo All Saints' day, or the 5th of Novcmbor at latest. It is quite on tho oards that tho sturdy invalids who winter at Cairo in order to graduate for centenarinnism, may be ablo to spend Christmas day at Khartoum, and set up the littlo memorial iron oburoh, whioh is quite ready, to oommemorato whero fotl that bravoit of the brave, Gordon. If Air. Gladatono oould bo inducod to pass tiio wintor in a cook's ilahahich instead of at Bianitz, be oould call at Khartoun, and read tbo proper lessons appointed for the day in tho iron Bethel. As to England's troubles in Rhodosia, they will be conquered without involving tho downfall of the British Empire. By thu resignation ef AH. Cecil Rhodes and his two hnrnblo co-mates in adversity, tho ground is out from under tho feet of President ICrugor, and enables Colonial Secretary Chamberlain to tell Undo Paul his assistance is not required by England as to her administration of South Africa. If tho Boers can have a good pluck— say, 500,000 sterling — at the sooond strongest man in Africa, they might Icavo him alone. Lot tho Rand forgot the escaped Bonanza fine, and let Mr. Kruger opon his Biblo and se&roh; tho Soripturcs, for in them be will find pionty of recommendations to pardon. An Amsterdam journal asserts that Oom Paul likes Isaiah. In the book of thnt prophot he will find a justification to doal hand somely with Rhodes : 41 Saith the Lord, though your sins bo as soarlet, they shall bo an white as snow." It is to be hoped that that will be as plain in double-Dutch as in English. Un trammelled by office, Cecil Rhodes will beoome a great force in the development of Charter- land. The white men will soon bo re-inforced to administer the well deserved 'everlasting punishment" to the inhuman Zulus and Kaffirs. In Africa the black matt must submit or disappear, and the mistake must never again bo committed of withdrawing red ooats from Alatebole and Alasbona lands, nor allowing the natives the uso of firearms to teat thoir working upon the givers. It is not cxpeoted that Jameson, who in tbo raid ' affair was only an instrument in the hands of superiors, will be convicted by a British jury. If discharged, he can take the next mail for the Cape and join Ccoil Rhodes in bringing tho rebels and their witch kings to a sense of their situation. Their names may prove as magical as the drum of Ziska's skin. Premier Aldlino, the loader of the farmers' friends, has not up to tho present brought for ward any mcasuro to relievo depressed agricul ture. Nor is it visiblo what reductions of taxa tion ho could effect, as tho budget admits of none. It is the rcvenuo and its shortage thnt is eausing all the difficulty in France. There avo few sources of taxation now remaining to bo squeuztd dry. Tho battle between the finan cial dootori is over the income tax. The Cham ber has voted that project to the limbo of Utopia, but it comes up again liko Ban- quo's ghost. Ia the teeth of former Ministerial promises nob to do so, tho Aliaister of Finance will tax rentes as meroi- lessly as he intends doing old baobelors and maids who como under tho rubrio of cilibataire If they have a residenoe of 300 f. a year and persist in romnining single, they will have te pay 8 f. It is on record that a man haB pre ferred hanging to matrimony ; he will most likely decide to pay tho fino of 6 farthings a week rather than be noosed for life.- If a Darby and Joan havo a tenancy of 480 f., and deoline to give hostages to fortuue, they will bo subject to the sterility tax. If they have ono child only — Sodom and Gomorrah would havo been spared had ten righteous been found— thoy will only have to pay 3 f. a year instead of 35 f. That drawback io greater than is accorded to the beeb sugar rcfinen. A man with three doxies will crcapo scot free. Whether the Alinister con siders tho trinity a sufficiently severe punish ment, or that the salvation of the State is in raptures at that addition to its security, thero is no means of know ing. Draco had but one penalty for all mis- deods — death. For tho unmarried and the sterilo wedded there is but ono responso— taxa tion. The childless rich will be punished by haviug to meet higher duties on thoir servants and oarri&gcs.; Tho baohelor has only to say to his landlord, " Reduce my rent by 5 f. ayoar to bring it under the water lino of 300 f,, or I leave." Request oomplied with. Thus bo escapes tho 8 f. and nets 5 f. in his lowered rent; total gain, 13 f. Ho will be in addition a greater misogamist than ever, whilo maidens will be popping the question with greator surprise, "Why don't the men propose, mamma? Why don't the men pro pose?" That projeot to eompel peoplo to marry, and then to insist on their having little strangers, smacks of fin de siicleismc. We have had "Coclebs in search of a wife." At present wo have the spectacle of a religion founder in quest of a religion. The Rev. Pore Hyaointho Loyson since he quitted tho fold of Carmelite monks somo years ago to do Luther and smash tho Pope, has not been able to mako muoh headway. Despite his eloquonce, ho has uot shaken the world. Since he seceded it ia nob quite cleur how many forms of Protes tantism ho has embraced ; he did not find in them apparently tho ideal of Christianity, the Holy Grail ho was seeking. Ho weut to Algeria, and fell in lovo with Islamism — a conversion that Napoleon I. experienced when ho landed in Egypt, and felt 40 centuries look ing down upon bim from the Pyramids. The ex-padre is neickor atheist nor deist ; ho claims to be a monotheist — till his further conversion. In . his gallery of tho makers of religions, be holds Alahomet and Sooratos to be as meritorious as any other founders of creeds. AI. Loyion ban tried all modeB of the lyre, but is master of none. It is a wise man who knows his own father ; how muoh witter is he who know his great grandfather. Franco has: had three dynasties j of Dumas, but genealogists cannot discover who was tho father of Dumas I. Heraldic colleges ought to search their pipo rolls to diicovcr this missing link. Society is busy preparing to go a summering. No special question monopolises attention, savo perhaps tho increasing crazo for bicycling. Every norheillc de marriayc now inoludcs a bicycle, with two scats of course, as it may a piano, a brougham or a pair of ponies. Bicycling is nohicviog a profound transformation in man ners, not exactly in tho way of pollteneis, since wheelers of bo&h; sexes totally ignore thorespeob due to the bones of pedestrians. 