MENELIK, KING OF SH01 A Frenchman's Impressions. The Prussia of East Africa. J^ /§ MORELLI, who has thor //? \y \\\ oughly explored the Har -A/.W-, \\\ rar- Shoa, and Gallas coun ?&-&\\*y i W tries» bas tsays the Paris a^^T ~J l\ correspondent of the 'Daily 1\ I ^TP v News') been giving ma his \\\ fit ./'i \ impressions of Menelik, \\\\\ YA V J/ *? Kins or Neeus of Shoa. He knows him well, thinks him able and unscrupulous, and likely to make the country he -rules over the Prussia of East Africa. His palace, or Guebi, at Antolo, is lite any otaer house there, but is on a much larger scale. It stands in a triple stockade, and has a conical thatched roof, supported inside by a circular row of pillars, on which European, red, yellow, green umbrellas, silks, satins, crockery, and other: — in his eyes— valuable objects, are hung with an eye to ornamental effect. The Guebi looks like an . immense mushroom. It is circular, and about 60 feet in diameter, with two large alcoves, in one of which is placed a sort of divan throne, where he sits to give his audiences. The cush ions are covered with bright silk. The Queen's alcove is opposite, and adorned with scarves, laces, mantles, pictures, and straw hats trimmed in the European style. A trellis lines the tent, and is used as a gun rack.. There is hardly a lath to be seen to the height of six feet, so thick ly are the Remingtons and other rifles. Menelit is always buying guns, and has been for the last twelve years. He asks Europeans whom he re ceives to be seated on armchairs kept on purpose for them. He swears by Goughis Gueitai and Mibael Gueitai, or St. George and St. Michael, the patrons of Shoa, is afraid of ghosts, and of the evil eye, and stands in awe of monks and hermits. The King 'wears a. broad-brimmed Panama hat, or a white felt hat of the same shape. Beneath it is a light stuff bound round the head and tied in a bow behind. His over garment is a wide mantle of black silk, shaped like the Arab bour nous. Menelik used to be very fond of watches and other timepieces. Their mechanism inter ested him, but he cares less for them now. All his habitations are on high hills. His seat of justice is under a wide-spreading tree on the hill top at Ankoboer. The Royal Guebi is on the top of a small plateau, from which he can see a great distance. Close to it is a church dedicated to Miriam. The position is regarded as impreg nable. A European architect built there a pretty villa for Menelik faced with glazed tiles, but the monks persuaded the King that he would be un lucky from the day he went to live in it, and that they feared thunderbolts would fall on it. Queen Taitou manages to obtain European gowns. She has a rich head of hair which she arranges in many braids, like the Roman Em presses, and then draws back from her forehead and twists up in one coll behind. Menelik is her sixth husband. Widowers are not free to re marry in Shoa, but widows are. The King is excepted from this rule should he have no off spring. There are three sorts of marriages; the informal when nobody's consent is asked, the semi-formal when the parents consent, and the religious or indissoluble marriage. The wife, according to the semi-formal rite, is if divorced entitled to half the husband's fortune. Public opinion is with her if she puts him away for any felony or drunkenness, -but in this case she is ex- i pected to marry somebody else at once, and with the full rite. Menelik believes that Shoa is rich in gold, and is thinking of developing the cul ture of coffee. Shoa, which looks across the Red Sea at Mocha, produces the same quality of cof fee. Menelik has been a good deal on his mettle be cause he is not the rightful heir. His grand father gave unlawfully the birthright to a young er son, Menelik's father, and tie sanction of the church was under reserve. Johannes, how ever, supports Menelik. An important person age in the Royal Guebi is Gabriel Gobano, who is a native of the country but was sold as a slave at Cairo. A Pacha adopted him and had him edu cated at that city and Jerusalem, where he be came a wonderful linguist and got into relation with influential members of the Russian clergy with whom he keeps up a correspondence. He speaks Russian, German, Italian, French, Eng lish, and Arabic, and is Menelik's interpreter and often his secretary. He ran away irom the Pacha, and reverted to Abyssinian Ch:stianity. Menelik has unbounded confidence in this man's judgment. The Queen was not favorable to him until he married in church her first dresser, who is also her confidential maid. Menelik is a de voted husband. Were he otherwise public feel ing would be against him. He has no fully legitimate son, his only child being born of an uncoveuanted wife, Houmet Guete, who is still alive, but Queen Taitou has no objection, she tie ing childless, to his ranking as heir-apparent. 