ECHOES. (By Sookd.) The most importnt act of unwarrantable, inteiferencc with a cricketer that I ever beard of was peipfr»led by Mr. Peikins, the Mary-le-bone C.C. SrcreUry,dariog the progress of h cricket match between Lam- bridge nnd M C.C. and ground. A. K. Trott, who bad been bawling remsrkably well and successfully happened to send down a ball which, bumping, hit Marriott, a C m bridge batsman, a severe blow. There upon Perkins, who was neither captain nor player, went on to the ground and caused Tro't to he taken oB. Had I been captain of the M.C C. eleven I should most certainly have resented such uDca'led for interference, and, uiay be, in a manner more forcible and painful to Perkins than pleasant. Had there been any suspicion of unfair delivery on TroU's part, and there could not have been, as be is one of the fjircst of bowlers, it would have been for the umpire to inter fere ; hot evvo this would not have justi- ried the officious inlermeddler in the action he took. Whilst on this subject I notice that Jones' delivery ie again been severely criticised in England, and from what I have heard, it would appear that Susses in en gaging him has made anything hut a good bargain. Speaking of his delivery, a writer in an Enclish paper says : — u I must say a word about the bowling of Jones. It is certainly, when he is at his fastest, more like throwing than bowling. He started off by literally going for the batsmens heads, and if be bad been playing for Sussex against the M.C.C. no one would have expressed the least pity for him if he had been no-balled ; indeed, it would not in the least surprise tn« if this happened to him before the tour is ovt, unless he materially modifies his style," History has repeated itself in Hamilton. \Yc all know the story about the American farmer who went to his lawyer for advice about a bull lint had broken iuto his pad dock, and the advice was to sue the owner of the bull for trespass, damages, etc. Well, it is said, the same sort of thing lias occurred here. whrn one of our butchers went to a local lawyer about a dog that had stolen a leg of mutton valued at 4s Od, " Soe the owner of the dog for the 4s 61," advised the lawyer. ' All right," replied the butcher," it was your dog you bad better pay 4 6d to »tavc off 'cgal proceedings." " Right yoo are, here's the 4 6d." Delighted with Ihe i-ucc'?S8 of his ruse, the tradesman was de- pir'tog wbcu the man of law exclaimed, " Ob ! by the bye, Mr. , what about that 10s 01 '! " What 10s 6a ?' Why my fee of course for giving you advice about that blessed dog." Subsequently, it is 6aid, wheu Mr. was relating this turning of the tables to a friend, the latter queried, But did you pay the 10s 6d ? " Of course, what elee could I do " Well," replied the Job's comforter, 14 1 can only say you were done brown." "Just so," ad mitted the tradesman, but I would rather be done biown than dunned by that smart shaver." 1 am afraid this isa' cheetnnt," but, for all that, is worth repeating. Trill, well proportioned and handsome, he rs a boy was koown as 44 a regular daisy;" ami iu after years as a clever barrister. None could ute their hands better, none more ready to "cap" a good story, none more fond of a good joke, and a better crib b'ge player could scarcely be fouud. Not so very long ago this genial customer visited a town in Ihe WcEtern District, and to pass away the time one evening consented to in itiate a novice into the mysteries of crib- bace. That be effectually did so is shown by his pupil's account of the leeson. Meet ing a frieod he said, 41 1 played crib b3ge Ust eveuing with . It appears to be a capital game, but I had bad lock, coold not get round the first tarn, after clearing all the little jaenps in the run up, and was doubly penalised several times." As ' - Talk on 'Change' in the A utstraUmiii bad a rap against the Digby correspondent of the Spc>\\. about coanciilois being selected at a rmcriug of the Rabbit Company, here's another nut for him to crack. It is fur- niri»cd by the Argus, which, in reporting a case at Stawrll last week in which a man was charged with embczz'emrnt, said that cojcs«! for the defence strongly opposed any adjournment, and uig-rd that the cafieb; shuck out. It was added "the case was struck out without culs, the Bench stating lliDt. othir district coirrwd lutvf done mnifariif it will he a Micee." lu the oamc of all that is mysterious what does this mean?. Have other districts been charged with embezzlement and discharged ; if so, where do-is conic in? lvuighlun us. 1 pray thee, Mr. Wuomera. We hive heard a gnat deal of the rushes thaL set in to Mark Fov's when that enter prising t rader auuouocca one of his monster eelliog off sales, but, aliliipgti being packed together like eirdinte f jr hours is not pleasant, there is but Ii tie danger of personal injury. Tra-, pickpockets may be about, but Melbourne crowds arc used to that. la Perth, however, the people would appear to become frantic with excite ment when euch sales are announced. Writing on July 29th a correspondent says— "Ail oar shops arc hiving sales —sel ling off st alarming sacrifices— now, and the Crushes and etrugfiltrp to have the first pick of the bargains (?) off-red are something terrible. Women screaming, men poebiog their way thronglr, and like wo see women taking their babies to entertain ments, more especially to those where prace is desirable, so do the women here take their cherubs to these sales. At one on Saturday a b&by; was crushed to death and the screams of the women as they were packed ia the crowd trying to get in so frightened a horse that it threw a boy who was riding it with the result that the poor lad died on the fol lowing Monday Irom injuries received. In other places proper police protection would be provided, but bere a big red-headed peeler was deemed sufficient to keep the crowd back until the door was opened. The poor fellow, doubtless, did his best, but alas 1 when the door did open be could no more keep the excited Amazons back than a tnao could resist a tlrlal wave with a broomstick and, like a cork on an advancing breaker, he was carried backwards ioto the &bop; and got tangled tip amongst a lot of rugs aod blankets from which he experienced no little difficulty in extricating hiB bmly person. By Giesar's ghost ! he had a lively time of it, but was lucky in so far that he did not land, bead first, in a keg of lamp-black, which might sadly have interfered with tire halo of those glowing locks of his." Here is a literary gem from -an auctioneer's market report recently sent to a newspaper office : — " Figs are dull of sale but there Is a demand springing up and will quote prices inonr neat, as they are almost unsaleable at present, the farmers having no feed. We quote a few prices for delivering off the shears for the information of our clients." .Evidently the compiler of the report has discovered a new line in natural products, aod I tract that the orig'nality of his idea .will meet with its proper reward. Coarse croBBbreds are holding their own fairly well In the Colonial wool sales in London, and no doubt the arrival of a few clips, shorn from ; mobs of store pige — say a cross between the Berk, and the long-nosed rent-payer — would cause quite a sensation at home. The man who invents a new method of ; pemuadiog or alarming dilatory careless and impecooious debtors to srnd even a trifle off tboee long standing accounts, that woify every person in business, confers a bent od bis kind. Not long since a friend of mue tried something fresh anditactoally brought forth a cheque for half of a very stale-, debt. He had- rendered the account moy times aod latterly had attached all the usual footnotes -up to "If tills accouot remains unsettled after next week, legal proceedings will ensue," and still he cast his bread upon the water in vain. At length be wrote, 41 Accn&rh; ren dered B.C." "Very sorry I cannot pay your account" came the londpfrerred re ply. "Bat I would like to JF"" what is meant by B.G.'"J3e1or«'-Thc Christian era," promptly wpsponded the business man. By return be received iCe account and half the amount endorsed 44 Cheque herewith, A.D., J896/; 