(Driginal P&pa.; EVOLUTION. A Paper read at the Clerical Meeting at the Deanery, November 19th, by Eev. A. W. Cbesswell, M.A. Evolution, in some sense of the word, is an accepted truth all the world over. We are surrounded by it on all sides, not only in natural history, but in social history, in politics, in commerce, in mechanics, in law, in every form of civilisation, and not the least in religion itself. To speak of Nature alone, if we look on the face of the earth around us, we must all be evolutionists, in at least so far as to recognise the unfolding of a grand and beautiful order in Nature ; and if we dig below the surface, and examine the record of the rocks, we shall be convinced that there has been on the whole a progress in the introduction both of nlant and animal life linon the earth, beeinninc with lower and simpler types, and culminating in higher and more complex forms. And seeing that religion itself exhibits so much evolution in its own history, it ought to have no quarrel whatever with those who stand up for as much evolution in Nature. What religion has chiefly to protest against is any form of evolution that is materialistic, such as that of .which Haeckel is one of the most advanced modern exponents — or, in other words, any form of evolution which supposes that in mere matter itself, to use Tyndall's famous phrase, ' We have the promise and potency of life,' and that species are brought into being by the mere action and interaction of the material forces, and this, unhappily, is what is too commonly meant by ' Evolution' in the ordinary sense of the word. Now it might seem from this statement that, from a Christian point of view, we ought not to regard with disfavour either that form of evolution called 'Lamarckianism,' of which the best and most popular exposition is the well-known Vestiges of Creation, or that form of it called ' Darwinism, ' of which Darwin himself, Wallace, Huxley, Spencer, and Romanes, have been the most prominent advocates. For, however Lamarckianism may have been held by Lamarck himself, Robert Chambers, the now acknowledged author of the ' Vestiges,' wrote his book in a most reverent spirit, expressly avowing his belief in God, and simply putting forth the theory of Lamarck as a modus operandi of the Divine Being; and Darwin him self, although a disbeliever in revelation,; acknowledges a belief in a Divine Author of Nature, and expresses his opinion that, whatever natural or! sexual selection and the struggle, for existence may have done in the evolution of species, the Divine Being must have breathed the breath of life into a very few forms* or into one form at first, whilst Wallace believes that the Deity stepped in to bridge over the chasm, between man and the anthropoid apes, and acted very much in the way the Bible declares God to have acted in the creation of man. Again, Romanes, though an out-and-out Darwinian, died, as Canon Gore has lately told us, 'in full deliberate communion with the Church of Jesus Christ.' As a matter of fact, however, the object of my paper will be to endeavour to point out — 1st. The insufficiency of the facts and phenomena of Nature, that are appealed to in favour of either Lamarckianism or Darwinism, to support either of those theories of evolution. 2nd. The strong a priori facts and arguments we have from the standpoint of the Christian religion for rejecting them, in the absence of proof, even as mere theories. I. Then, the insufficiency, as I take it, of the scientific data relied on for the support of either Lamarckianism or Darwinism; and in dealing with these two theories I think we may practically treat them as one, for they have in common the one idea of the origin of species by descent, with modification, through purely natural causes, and that by slow and almost insensible degrees through an infinitude of time, the difference between them being, that whilst Lamarck and the author of the ' Vestiges' attach the greatest importance to changes of the environment in bringing about this progressive develop ment, Darwin and his associates, as we all know, lay the most stress on natural and sexual selection and the struggle for existence as the most important factors in modifying species, but for sake of brevity we will speak of them both under the all-prevailing name of Darwinism, as they merge into one another, and' most Darwinians, even those that are most imbued with the peculiar tenets of Darwin, hold that the influence of ther environment has a great deal to do with the origination of species. Let us briefly examine the data upon which Darwinism is built, and, as we are all more or less familiar with them, it will not be necessary to do more than slightly advert to the chief lines of argument and to make a few criticisms in passing. \- 1. We have the whole set of facts connected with the breeding of domestic animals, such as horses, dogs, pigs, rabbits, fowls, and pigeons, by which extraordinary varieties are produced artificially by man's skilful management -or manipulation. Well, as we all know, Darwin supposes that, given infinite time to work in, Nature herself can act an analogous part to that of man in the case of artificial breeding, and by taking advantage of small differences can, through natural and sexual selection, and struggle for existence, produce not only varieties, but distinct species, and at length families, orders, and classes of plants and animals. Critics have often pointed out how Darwin here assumes, in the first instance, the very differences, in howsoever small a degree, which he professes to account for, so that his theory is rather a theory to account for their perpetuation than for their origin. But, however, let that pass. I think we can afford to make Darwinians a present of all the facts they can adduce in connection with artificial breeding, for . all that they prove is that which all admit to exist in Nature — viz., a. certain plasticity of which man, by skilful contrivance, can take advantage within certain limits, so as to originate varieties. But it is to be noted that, with all man's intelli gence' and skill,. the very most he can do is to produce varieties, and that if he attempts anything beyond it— e.g., by the crossing of distinct species to produce a hybrid, as in the case of a mule — here Nature intervenes and causes sterility, as much as to say, ' Hitherto shalt thou go, and no farther.' And even in regard to the very existence of these varieties, the weak point of the argument is that the tendency of Nature, if left to itself, is not to conserve these varieties, but to break them down ; all the artificial varieties that man can produce in domestic animals, for instance, going back to the original wild type from which they sprang as soon as the hand of man is withdrawn— e.g., all kinds of fancy breeds of dogs to dingoes, pigs to wild boars, and pigeons to rock doves. And the fact that all the intelligence and skill, of man are taxed even to producey these purely artificial varieties, would tend to show that the mere happy combination of all the far-fetched and exceptional circumstances that Darwin invokes are altogether inadequate to give origin to species without an Almighty intelligence working behind them. 2\. Then there is the' whole series of arguments connected with embryology. First, we are treated to the mere assertion that there is no essential difference between the nucleated cell which constitutes the earliest form of the human oyum and that of every other animal, be it an amoeba, a worm, a mollusc, a fish, a reptile, a bird, or a mammal. But this is a mere assumption, incapable of proof; for, because the highest powers of the microscope may fail to distinguish between them, it by no means follows that there is no real difference. To take an illustration, I dissolve some corrosive sublimate in one glass of water, and some sugar in another, and I take a drop of each and place it on the stage of a microscope —not the very highest optical power could trace the least semblance of a difference between the two drops, and yet one is a virulent poison and the other is a wholesome food; and so we believe that, in spite of a superficial resemblance between them, whilst the embryos of the lower animals could never develop into anything else than. »the animals to which they belong, the human ovum, when once impregnated, has all the power and potency of the man 'made in the image of God,' and consisting of body, soul, and spirit. Another argument connected with embryology is this : It is alleged that the various stages through which the embryo of an animal passes in the process of fcetal development are an epitome or an abridged summary— a recapitulation — of its ancestral history. However, let us hear this argument from the pen of a Christian Darwinian. One of the brethren, in view of this paper of mine on 'Evolution,' has been kind enough to send me an extract'from a letter he received from a Darwinian friend who has not lost his faith in Christianity, remon stratingwith him for his opposition to the theory, and in course of that letter he writes to his clergyman as follows: — 'When a man proudly says I do not believe in evolution, or that I and the monkey had a common forefather, and I never will believe it because it is degrading to the human race and contrary to the declaration of Scrip-, ture, he only shows his ignorance that at one time, within his own individual history, although not within his individual experience, he . was lower than the monkey, because he was an animal cell, and at a more advanced stage he was a worm-like creature, and then he was a fish-like creature, and then a dog-like creature, and finally a raonkey like creature, as there is no essential physiological difference between the advanced foetus of a monkey and the developed foetus of a man.' v-- In answer to this gentleman, I beg to submit that he is making a bold and reckless assertion, founded upon a mere superficial resemblance of things essentially different, when he says that a man was ever lower than a monkey because he was an animal cell, for in that animal cell there resided,though in embryo, all the nature and per sonality of a human being ; and I beg to submit that he is making another equally bold and reckless assertion, resulting from a confusion in his mind between analogy and sanieness, when he declares that there is no essential difference between the advanced foetus of a monkey and the developed foetus of a man, for whatever analogy there may be between them, or even superficial resemblance — even were it true that it is not appreciable to the eye of a comparative anatomist — there is really an infinite difference, for if it could have been said of John the Baptist that '7te was filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother's womb,' I think you will all agree with me that a foetus that had such a capacity as that must have differed by a whole heaven from the foetus of the mere brute. That there is an analogy between the stages of development of the human foetus and the ascending series of the animal kingdom we need have npi'-manner of doubt; but, after all, this may not imply derivation by cfeseent-at' all, or at any rate not evolution in the Darwinian sense, but rhay simply mean the evolution of a Divine idea, just as in actual life we believe the lower forms of animals in graduated series were just so many types and prophecies of the great Archetype man, towards which the Creator was ever working up. 3\. Another line of argument employed by the advocates of Darwinism is the morphological one, founded upon the resemblanc'es between man's structure and that of- other animals. The general resemblance of structure between, the' body of man and that of the lower animals is, of course, a self-evident truth that has been familiar to us from our earliest childhood. We all know, for instance, that man has in common with other vertebrate animals a backbone and four limbs, a head with mouth, eyes, ears, nose, and all the rest of it. But what is very remarkable, this resemblance is not one of broad outlines alone, but is traceable in the minutest details, and indeed to such an extent that where an organ in man is of no functional use . to him it is not done away with altogether, but still is found to exist in the human frame, but in a rudimentary or vestigial state. Bomanes, in his celebrated book, Daricin, and after Darwin, gives us a list of these rudimentary or vestigial organs, from which I select for bare mention the following : — The semi-lunar fold of the human eye, which' he supposes to be the relic of the nictitating membrane in birds and other animals, and is no doubt representative of it ; the muscles of the external ear, generally inactive, or only slightly active in men, but fully active and functional in the lower animals; the ' panniculus carnosis,' or muscle by which so many mammals are ' able to move their Bkin — e.g., the horse, to protect itself from flies ; men, in common with monkeys, possess an active remnant of it, or rather, as we should say, representation of it, in the muscle of the forehead, whereby we lift up our eyebrows, and monkeys are able even to move their scalp, and so also a small per cent, of men; the inward deflection in human infants of the feet and toes, like those of apes,r and the wonderful grasping power of the hands ; the rudi mentary tail in the os coccyx of man, with active muscles in the foetal condition when the tail is much longer and movable, but which are inactive and only abnormally 'present in a small per cent, of adult men; the ' vermiform appendix'' of the ccecum, which is very large and of functional use in the process ofdigestion in many herbivorous quadrupeds ; the little blunt point in the inner rim of the outer ear of man, and which is supposedto be a relic of the pointed ear of apes, and the close resemblance of the hair tracts on the arms and hands of man as compared with those on the arms and hands, say, of the chimpanzee. Here, then, we have only a few of these resemblances in detail between the structure of man and that of the lower animals, and especially of monkeys ; but the study of rudimentary or vestigial organs in animals generally is a literature in itself. (As an interesting contribution to it, vide Prof. W. B. Spencer's book on The Pineal Eye in Lacertilia.) To my own mind, this branch of evidence constitutes the very strongest argument that I know of in favour, if not of Darwinism, at least of some form of derivation by descent. But still it is not altogether staggering and insurmountable, as I take it, for it is perfectly possible to account for these resemblances upon the ground of the unity of design and plan of the Creator that runs through the whole animal kingdom. Just to take a familiar illustration: As the paintings of some great artist — Titian, or Leonardo da Vinci — have all a certain character which show that they are the productions of the same master-hand, so do the correspondences in Nature show that the whole proceeds from One Great Designing Mind; and so in regard to rudimentary or vestigial organs, which, by the-way, are not evidences of evolution, but rather of degradation. The common-sense explanation of a unity of design on the part of the Creator aceounts for all the anomalies which are apt to puzzle us under this head, for if an organ be not required in any particular species of animal, rather than allow it to be unrepresented altogether, the Great Designer prefers that it shall occur in a rudimentary or undeveloped condition so as to preserve the unity of His plan— for that a rudimentary organ does not necessarily imply abortion from disuse is perfectly manifest from the occurrence of rudimentary mammae or teats, with milk glands all complete in the human male, and yet functionless, being fully developed only in the opposite sex, but which would seem to occur in man as well as in woman simply in order to preserve the unity of the Creative Plan. 4\. Another line of argument on which Darwinians chiefly rely, and which, in my humble judgment, is the weakest of all, is the geological one, alleging as they do that the record of the rocks bears out their idea of a linear and gradually ascending series of beings evolved from the monad up to man— an idea which has a certain beauty about it, which easily captivates the imagination, but which, in the opinion of some of the best paleontologists of the day, is not by any means borne out by facts, for not to speak of the older authorities on the subject, such as Cuvier, Owen, Agassiz, Forbes, and others who have passed away, and whose attitude towards the extreme evolutionist theory is well known, such living authorities as Davidson, Jeffreys, Williamson, Carruthers (in England), Dawson and Dana (in America), and M' Coy (here), have strongly insisted on the tendency of. palseontological facts to prove, in the language of one of them, 'the permanence of type and the intermittent introduction of new forms as distinguished from descent with gradual modification.' But to speak more especially of the order of animal and vegetable life as introduced upon this globe, and revealed in,the rocky strata of the earth's crust. Is the order of life, however introduced, that of a linear progress beginning from the lowest and gradually culminating in the highest? Most geologists will distinctly and unhesitatingly answer — No. They believe there is a progress, indeed, on the great scale, but rather by leaps and bounds than by a continually ascending series. To refer to; animal forms alone, there is very strong reason for believing that the incoming of species upon the earth was very sudden indeed. Take, for instance, amongst invertebrate animals, the sudden abruptness with which corals, the mollusca, and crinoids enter upon the scene — and that in enormous shoals ; and sometimes, as regards particular groups of them, they as suddenly disappear. Possibly they may have originated by some secondary law, but the facts are just such as to remind one of the beautiful saying of the Psalmist, 'Thou sendest forth Thy Spirit, they are created: and Thou reneioest the face of the earth. Thou takest aioay their breath, they die.' Take, again, amongst vertebrated animals, the sudden abruptness with which fish, amphibians, reptiles, and the higher mammals appear upon the stage, suggesting not a continuous flow, but a succession of separate and distinct waves of life. And this is a stubborn fact which evolutionists can only try to weaken by resort ? ing to the idea of there having been perjofe'of ^1f'p;id..and intermittent evolution — 'critical periods' as ^^'\f^^h^ahr-mpyitiia,t is the explanation of Mivart and ie Codt|^vnbrby-th'e;wa^,^ireiChristian evolutionists); but this seems tcfxaeyio be a surrendering of \he whole matter in dispute. ' \'\ ^ P f- «R ' 0 ^ j'' \ Then, again, let us ask— Is it rru€' jjhat the order of eaoh^sncceeding ? group of creatures, as they have \ppefijrj3d jpn the..steg&i;'of/existence, is the same as would be required by^^taiiually /amending evolution? — i.e., Do the lowest forms of each grdup^pjpjsa^firsli, and gradually progress in an ascending series ? By no means. There is indeed a progress in regard to the introduction of life, but only a general one — only a progress on the great scale. To speak of vertebrata alone, it is true that fish, being the lowest class of vertebrates, are the first to appear in the geological series, then, amphibia and reptiles, then birds and quadrupeds, and last of all man ; so there is a general progression on the great scale. But when you come to go into detail, you find that it is not the lowest orders that appear first in each class, but often very high, though generalised, ones, and that side by, side with a general advance you often have a distinct decadence in detail, with an extinction of certain species altogether. Thus, for instance, the first undoubted fish are the ganoids and the placoids, which in some respects are the highest of all fish, being most like reptiles. So in regard to the amphibia and reptiles, the ancient forms of them were larger and more perfect^ in organisation than any now existing ; so also of birds and quadrupeds. It is true, indeed, that the very earliest quadrupeds of all were of a low marsupial type, and of small. size. But when the higher or placental ones came into being at all— as they did at the beginning of Tertiary time — the first that appeared were, for the most part, larger and more highly organised in many respects than any now living ; so that all through the geological series .there is much evidence to justify the expression of Hugh Miller that 'the magnates walk first' in ths great procession of life, in each particular class, that has successively appeared on the earth. So far then from there having been a uniform evolution in a gradually ascending series, there has only been a general progress, often having a wheel of retrogression within it— an onward march on the whole with many backslidings connected with it, and Darwinians and others who would try to weaken the force of these facts can only do so by insisting on the imperfection of the geological records. But this seems to me something like saying, ' We've got a theory, and if the facts don't bear it out, so much the worse for the facts.' But it may be asked — Do Darwinians adduce any actual examples of the transmutation of one species into another that has taken place either in the modern period or in past geological ages? Well, the nearest approach to one in the modern period that I am acquainted with is that given by Darwin himself, in the case of certain fish found in the waters of the dark underground caverns — the mammoth caves of Kentucky and Virginia, in- N.A. These fish, as described by Packard, have, through living in darkness, lost their power of vision and become blind, whilst the palpi about the mouth have become better developed as organs of touch, to make up for the want of sight. But this is no case of true transmutation ; they are acknowledged to be mere varietal forms belonging to the same -species as/those outside the caves,- and there is reason to believe .they would regain their eyesight if gradually accustomed to the sunlight. It is simply a remarkable instance of that plasticity which all admit that creatures have of adapting themselves, within certain limits, to . changes in their surroundings, and, moreover, it is worthy of notice that the variation in this instance has occurred not on Darwinian lines, but upon Lamarckian ones. It is simply a case of atrophy of certain organs from disuse, the species remaining in all other respects the same. . The great stock example of a supposed transmutation of species in course of geological (Tertiary) time is that of the horse, the fossil pedigree of which is regarded by Darwinians in the light of a demonstration. It certainly looks very plausible in the plates they give you in the books. It is traced from. a species of horse-like creature in the Eocene Tertiary of America, and called 'Eohippus,' about the size of a fox, and which had four toes and a rudiment of a fifth; the next fossil in the series is 'Orohippus,' a three-toed creature; and then the .pedigree is traced successively through 'Miohippus' and ' Protbhippus,' in which the two side toes become more and more like the splint bones of the modern horse. . But even if this were a clear case of derivation — which it is not— it is by no means one of derivation by insensible gradations, but by . distinct jumps. But let me quote the opinion of Sir J. W. Dawson, the great Canadian geologist, on this supposed pedigree: 'All this,' he says, ' is purely arbitrary, and dependent merely on a succession of genera more and more closely resembling the modern horse, being procurable from successive Tertiary deposits often widely separated in tune and place.' Again, on the other hand, let us ask— Are there any facts or phenomena in Natural History that present insuperable difficulties to our acceptance of the Darwinian theory, or to any form of evolution of species by descent through slow and gradual modification ? I venture to think there are, and. that they are neither few nor unim portant. Some of them, indeed, are freely acknowledged by Darwin himself, and he tries to answer them, but, in my humble judgment, fails to do so. I can but barely mention them, however, or I shall . never get through my paper. ? ? . 1. The general one, which I will state in Darwin's own words— 'Why, if species have descended from other species by fine grada tions, do we not everywhere see innumerable transitional forms ? Why is not all Nature in confusion, instead *of the species being well . denned ?' This was a-diffieulty which some of us remember Professor Sir E. M'Coy used to attach great importance to ; and in connection with this difficulty I well remember a remark of his, which is worthy of great respect owing to his extensive knowledge of species. It is this : 'If you ever want to arrange species in a progressive series or chain of affinity, it never goes by insensible gradations, but always by jumps, . and in order to complete the series you have constantly to bring into close juxtaposition, as connecting-links, species that are widely sepa . rated either in geological time or else in space.' ?' 2. Another general difficulty that stare's us in the. face in connec tion with Darwin's theory is that which was slightly noticed before — ' .viz., the fact that hybrids are invariably sterile, whilst mere varieties ; breed freely. j 3. Again, if some species have been improved by natural selection, :why not all ? Why should evolution have seized upon some forms of .'. life and have left others untouched ? How is it that whole groups . and genera, if not species of animals and plants, have remained ( unaffected by Darwin's principles, but have remained practically ?what they were at the beginning of Cambrian times?— e.g., certain ?sponges, mollusca, &c.; This is quite explicable upon the principle of Divine election, but altogether inexplicable'iipon that of mere natural -selection. . x . . 4. There are some special difficulties, too, which may be put in ? the form of questions, to which as yet no satisfactory answer has been , given. : («) How could natural selection produce — as Darwin himself is : candid enough to ask — on the one hand, an organ of trifling importance, . such, e.g., as the tail of a giraffe; which serves only as a fly-flapper, ; and on the other an organ so wonderful and complicated as the eye ? '. Darwin confessed that he could never think of the development of an ? eye without a cold shiver. - ...... . (6) How could natural selection account for the development of electric organs in the skate, which, unlike the corresponding organs in the torpedo and the electric eel, are of no use to its. possessor, and yet are ascertained not to be the result of a process of. degeneration so as to be atrophied by disuse ? (c) How could natural selection account for the development of instinct in the honey-bee for making honey-combs with such mathe matical exactness ? for it is only the neuters that build the combs, neither the drones nor the queen-bee doing any work. These, then, are typical difficulties both of a general and special nature, which, I trust, will be enough to show that, whatever can be said in favour of the Darwinian theory, all the demonstration is not on one side, and that, as I venture to think, it opens up more difficul ties than it professes to solve; and yet the Christian Darwinian from whose letter I quoted just now is cool enough to stigmatise his clergy - ? man's opposition to it as 'a sort of expiring kick that he is giving at modern thought,' and hints that 'he must sooner or later give in to it, for that all religious first-class scientists have yielded, with one prominent exception — that of Dawson— to the overwhelming evidence of scientific demonstration.' I think I quoted before a good many names of scientists of very high repute, besides that of Dawson, as haying emphatically declared against the Darwinian theory, and it would be very easy to add to their number ; but I will content myself with appealing, to the testimony of Virchow, the celebrated Berlin professor (himself a most ardent evolutionist). When it was proposed to teach the theory as an established truth in the public schools of Germany, he 'earnestly protested against the theory being otherwise regarded than as an unsettled one, seeing that it lacks its basis in spontaneous generation to begin with, and its pro-anthropos to connect with man as the topstone.' Yes, we do well to remember that even if the chain of life were. as continuous as some of the Darwinians would have us believe, up to the chimpanzee and the gorilla, still the connecting-link between the anthropoid apes and man has yet to be found, for as yet there is a- great gap, a yawning chasm, which no pro-anthropos has as yet been forthcoming to bridge over. II. Having now, as I trust, said somewhat to show the insufficiency of the facts and phenomena .; of „ nature to support the theory under review, let me go on to whatl'want to be the chief point in my paper, but which I will despatch in only a very few more pages — viz., to urge the strong a priori facts and arguments we have from the standpoint of the Christian religion for rejecting it as a mere 'theory. We are bound, as students of science, to discuss a scientific theory upon its own merits, and in the light of the facts brought forth to support it, .But if we are not satisfied that the facts advanced in its favour really do support it, but think that they rather point in another direction, then I submit we are at liberty to ap'peal in the way of collateral evidence to another class of facts belonging to an altogether different sphere of things, though it partake of the nature of a priori reasoning as tending to make the theory improbable ; and that is what I propose to do now, although of course I know it is a line of argument' that would have no weight whatever with mere scientific men, and could only be addressed to men of faith like ourselves. Now, we know how Darwinians argue against the Bibie— at least the greater number of them — and what their attitude towards the Christian religion is. They first assume the truth of their theory without, as we believe, sufficient evidence that there has been a continuous and uninterrupted series of evolutions from the lowest to the highest — a slow and pro gressive development by infinitesimally small gradations from the monad up to man; and then they cry out — Oh, we can't believe in Christianity, because of its want of analogy with the course and con stitution of Nature ; we can't believe in miracles ; we can't believe in the Incarnation, or in the »Besurrection ; we can't believe in all this, because it exhibits such abreach of continuity with that^slow and uninterrupted evolution of things which we find in Nature. But, on the other hand, seeing that the facts alleged are insufficient to establish the Darwinian theory, and that in the judgment of Virchow himself it is at best as yet but an unproven hypothesis, I think it is quite time that, to use a common phrase, we turned the tables on these men and put the argument the other way about. I think it is quite time that we turned round and said to these men — If your data ? are uncertain, we are in possession of facts which, are ;sure, and though, in the full sense of the word, our facts are only apprehended by faith, they are none the less convincing to ,us. Taking, then, our stand upon the great divine acts of God, made known to us in Eevelation and exhibited up to this very day in Providence and in Grace, we refuse to believe in your Darwinian theory, because of its want of correspondence and analogy with His divine dealings with our race in the way of Eedemption. At best, your theory is for us simply a question as to how God has worked in what we call Creation. But inasmuch as we know that He has worked in one way in the scheme of Eedemption, we refuse to, believe that He can have worked in another and quite a different way in creation, for our Blessed Lord has bidden us to look at Nature for light as to the way in which He deals with us in Providencevand in Grace ; and if His working in Nature is so very different as you represent it to be to His working in Providence and Grace, the one would cease to be a parable of the other. We believe, as you do, that there has been a progress in the appearance of life upon the earth, but we believe, even on the scientific evidence alone, that though this progress has been on the great scale an advancing progress, it has been still an inter mittent one— i.e.,. an advance rather by leaps and bounds than by a slow and continuous march, and that with many falls and backslidings, as the evidence of geology so distinctly shows; and, therefore, if species have really been evolved from species, it could not have been by any known natural law or resident force within them, but by some direct act of the Almighty, and impulse: of His Spirit db extra — andassuming this, all the dealings of God in revelation and in grace are in entire and complete harmony with it. For surely the history of our race has. not been one of uniform and continuous and slow advance in a self-evolving way, but an intermittent progress characterised by the introduction, through the direct acts of God from without, of successive dispensations— the Patriarchal, the Mosaic* and the Christian dispensations — each one being an advance upon the one that preceded it, but each advancing with a wheel of retrogression within a wheel of progress, and hence each dispensation terminates in an apostasy (implying that the creature left to itself must inevitably fall unless constantly upheld by the grace of the Creator), and a judgment upon some who are left behind in the race. T6 speak more particularly of the introduction of the Christian dispensation by the birth of Christ. In an important sense of the word it may be truly said, indeed, that the Incarna tion of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Second Adam, is an evolution from the First Adam; but this has but little in common with evolution in the mere naturalistic sense of the word, for the Incarna tion, though not without a natural b,asis in the seed of one sprung fr6m the First Adam, was not brought about by a mere resident force within it, but originated by a direct and supernatural act of the ? Holy Spirit of God from without. Then, again, it must be remem bered that Christ did not become the Second Adam— the quickening spirit in the full sense of the words — till His resurrection, and that surely was a more manifestly direct and supernatural act of God still; and hence, arguing backwards, if the Second Adam was brought into the world by the direct and supernatural act of God, analogy alone would lead us to the same belief in regard to the First Adam. And so, looking forwards, too, we know that the full and complete outcome of the regenerate life that is in Christian men now will not take place till the resurrection of their bodies, anyhow sudden, as well as super natural, an event that will be let the \ydrds of St. Paul tell us : 'In a moinent, in the Uoinhling of an eye, at the last trump : for the trumpet shall sotmd, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed.' We believe that that will be the great and super natural act of God, in the progress of our race to a Divinely-wrought perfection, by which He will not only shake the heart of Christendom to its very centre, and vindicate the' truth of His revelation in the Gospel of Christ, but will at the same time make manifest the complete harmony which I cannot but think must necessarily exist . between His Word and His Works. Before concluding, 1 have just to add that I wish to be understood as arguing only against Darwinism, or the mere naturalistic form of evolution, but not necessarily against that form of it which some thoughtful and devout believers in Divine revelation are inclined to— e.g., that which supposes the absolute creation of stock animals, and the evolution of many so-called species from them by some secondary law of God that we know nothing about. When reading a paper some twelve months ago or more at Kew on this subject, from' which, in order to save myself the trouble of writing afresh, I have just quoted some passages, there was an after-discussion, in which I ventured to say that, assuming the theory of the sudden introduction of species by the act of God, though working through some secondary law, I thought there was something in Nature, as at present con stituted, to throw partial light upon it— i.e., the facts are few, but they seem to be very significant. I allude to the metamorphoses of insects, the phenomena of parthenogenesis, and the alternation of generations, particularly as shown in the relation between hydroid polypes and medusas; but this, however, is a matter which we may well hold in suspense, and await further evidence. In the course of conversation with Professor Sir F. M'Coy subsequently, I suggested these phenomena to him as possibly tending to throw light upon the subject-- but -his '? remark ? was that he didn't think : the -facts strong enough tobear;-whatl was building, upon them.; But, howevey, let that pass, and suffice it, to say, again,. that the argument of this paper is only directed against evolution by the mere force of natural and sexual selection, . struggle for existence, and so forth, which I believe not only to be utterly inadequate to account for the facts and phenomena in question, but, to have a distinctly anti-Christian and immoral tendency. It may be that individual men of culture who have held these views have been men of pure and irreproachable lives— ? Darwin himself was, and Eomanes conspicuously so, and many others too; but I venture to think the natural tendency of the theory is to be seen in the proud, contemptuous, and intolerant attitude with which so many of them, regard the Christian faith — 'Verily,, our soul is exceedingly filled with the contempt of the proud' — and in the bestial spirit of one of their number who, in order to relieve his .conscience, forsooth, could write such a book as The Wonian who Bid, whilst the inevitable effect of the theory upon the morals of the masses we .must all acknowledge to be jvicious-in the extreme. E.g. ; more than a Jyear , ago; it was announced-in one 'of... the Argus cablegrams that the ,; .Nihilists and Socialists of the European continent were claiming Darwin and Spencer as authorities for what they were doing in aiming at the disruption of society, and however, strongly Darwin and Spencer themselves would repudiate such a deduction from their theories, can we be surprised that men of a low and vicious type really do draw such conclusions, for surely their reasoning is this: If there be no personal God, and no superintending Providence who has allotted to each of us our place in society, if life be a mere brutal struggle for existence, then let there be a general scuffle forwhatt5Spe?can^get, and let might, be right. Down with law, orde^^tM^^Kgiofi^au^^hree wild; cheers for dynamite, community of j?iye&^Snd^ni^;a4wT^e can think of. . ..'../ v^ . ^\ V 