WHEN THE WORLD WAS Y0UHGER. . BY MISS BRADDON. CHAPTER XXI.— GOOD-BYE, LONDON. Sitting In her own room before supper, a let- 'ter waB brought to Angela— a long letter, closely written, in a neat, firm hand she knew very well. . It was from Denzll Warner, a letter full of earnest thought and warm feeling, in which ho pursued the subject of their morning's discourse. " "We were Interrupted before I had time to open my heart to you, dearest," he wrote; "and at a moment when we had touched on the most delicate point In our friendship— the difference in our religious education and observance. Oil, my beloved, let not difference In particulars di vide two hearts that worship the same God. or make a barrier between two minds that think alike upon essentials. The Christ who died for you Is not less my Saviour because I love -not to obtrude the dressed-up image of His earthly mother between his Godhead and my prayers, iu the regeneration of baptism, in the sanctity of marriage. In the resurrection of the body aud the life of the world to come, In the reality ot sin aud the necessity for repentance, I believe as truly as any papist living. Let our lives be but once united, who knows how the future may shape and modify our minds and our faith? I may bo brought to your way of thinking, or you to mine. I will pledge myself never to be guilty of disrespect to your religion, or to unkindly urgo you to any change In your observances. I am not one of those who have exchanged one tyranny for another, and who, released from the dominion of Rome, have become tho slave of the Covenant. I have been taught by one who, him self deeply religious, would have all men free to worship God by the light of their own con science; and to my wife, that dearer half of my soul, I would allow perfect freedom. I suffer from the lack o£ poetic phrases with which to embellish the plain reality of my love; but be sure, Angela, that you may travel far through the world, and receive many a flowery compli ment to. your beauty, yet meet none who will love you as faithfully as I have loved yon for this year last past, and as I. doubt I shall love you — happy or unfortunate in my wooing— for all tho rest of my life. Think, dearest, whether it were not wise on your part to accept tho chaste and respectful homage of a suitor who Is free to love and cherish you, and thus to shield yourself from the sinful pursuit of one who offends Hea ven and dishonors you whenever lie looks at you with the eyes of a lover. I would not write harshly of a man whose very sin I pity, and whom I believe not wholly vile; but for him. as for me, that were a happy day which should make you my wife, and thus end tlie madness of unholy hopes. I would again urge that Lady Fareham desires our union with all a sister s concorn for y.ou, and more than a friend's tender ness to mo. "I beseech your pardon and Indulgence for my rough words of tills morning. God forbid that I should impute one unworthy thought to her whoso virtues I honor above all earthly tneilt. If your heart inclines towards one whom It we.o misery for you to love, I know that It must be with an affection pare and ethereal as the love nt the disguised girl in Fletcher's play. But. ah, dearest augei, you know not. the peril In which you walk. Your Innocent mind cannot conceive the audacious height to which unholy lovo may cllntb in a man's fiery nature. You caniiot fathom the black depths of such a char acter as Fareham — a inan as capable of great ness In evil as of distinction In good. Forget not whoso fierce blood runs In tlinso veins. Can you doubt his audacity in wrong-doing, when you remember that ho comes of the same stock nltich produced that renegade anil tyrant, Thomas Wentworth — a man who would have waded deep In the blood of a nation to reach his desired goal, all the history of whose life was expressed by him in one word — 'thorough?' "Do you consider what that word means to a man over whoso heart sin lias taken the upper hand? Thorough! IIow resolute in evil, how un daunted and without limit In baseness, Is he who takes that word for his motto! Oh, my love, there are dragons ai d lions about thy innocent footsteps — the dragons of lust, the Hons of pre sumptuous love. Flee from thy worst enemy, dearest, to the shelter of a heart which adores thee; lean upon a breast whose pulses beat for thee with a truth that time cannot change, "Thlno till death, Warner." Angela tore up the letter in auger. How dared he write thus of Lord Farchhm? To im pute sinful passions, guilty desires— to enter into another man's mind, and read the secret cipher of his thoughts and wishes with an as sumed key, which might be falso? His letter was a bundle of false assumptions. What right had ho to Insist that her brothor-in law cared for ber with more than the affection authorised by affinity? He lmd no right. She hated hlra for his insolent letter. She scorned the protection Df. his love. She bad her refuge and her shelter lu a holler love than his. The doors of her old home would open to her at a word. Sho sat ou a low stool in front of the hearth; while the pile of ship-timber on the andirons burnt- Itself out and turned from red to grey. She sat looking Into the dying lire and recalling the pictures of the past; the dull grey convent rooms and formal convent garden; the petty rules and restrictions; the so-frequent functions — low mass and high, benedictions, vespers — the recurrent sound of the chapel bell. The few dull books, permitted in the hour of so-called recreation; the sombre grey gown, which was the only relief from perpetual black; the limitations of that colorless life. Sho had been happy with the Ursulines under her great aunt's gentle sway. But could she be happy with the present superior, whose domineering temper she knew.' She bad been happy In ber Ignorance of the outer world; but could she he happy again iu that grey seclusion — she who had sat at the ban quet of life, who had seen the beauty and the variety of her native land? To he an exile for tho rest of her days, in tho hopeless gloom of a Flemish convent, among the heavy faces of Flem ish nuns! Iu the Intensity of Introspective thought sho had forgotten one who had forbidden that gloomy seclusion, and to whom it would bo as natural for her to look for protection and refuge us to convent or husband. From her thoughts to night tho image of her wandering father had been absent. His appearances in her life had been so rare and so brief, his Influence on her destiny so slight, that she was forgetful of him now In this crisis ot her fate. It was within a week of that evening lliat tho sisters were startled by the arrival of their father, unannounced, in the dusk of the winter afternoon. Ho had eomo by slow stages from Spain, riding the greater part of tho Journey, like Howell, 50 years earlier, attended only by one faithful sol dier servant, and enduring no small suffering and running no slight risk upon the road. "Tlie wolves had our provender on more than one occasion," he told them. "The wonder is they never had us or our hackneys. I left Ma drid In July, not long after the death of my poor friend Fansliawe. Indeed, it was his friendship and his good lady's unvarying courtesy that took me to the capital. We hud last met at Hampton Court, with tho King, shortly before Ills Majesty s so ill-advised flight, and we were bosom friends then. And so, ho being dead of a fever early in the summer, I had no more to do but to travel slowly homeward, to end my days in my own chimney corner, and to claim thy promise, An gela, that thou wouldst keep my house and com fort my decllnitig years." "Dear father!'.' Angela murmured, hanging over him as ho sat in the great velvet clialr by the fire, while her ladyship's footman set a table near him, with wlno and provisions for an impromptu meal, Lady Fareham directing them, and coming bo- tweon whiles to embrace lior father In a flutter of spirits, the firelight shining on her flame-colored velvet gowifand primrose taffety , petticoat, her pretty golden curls and sparkling sevigne, her ruby necklace and earrings, and her bright rest less eyes. Wlil.le the elder sister was all move ment and agitation, the younger stood calm and still beside her father's clialr, her hand clasped in Ills, lier thoughtful eyes looking down at hint as lie talked, stopping now and then 111 his story of adventures to eat and drink. He looked much older than when he surprised her in tho convent garden. His hair anil beard, then Iron grey, wore now silver white. He wore his own hair, which was abundant, and u beard cut after the fashiqn she knew in the portraits of Henri Quatre. Ills clothes were still of that style, which he had never changed, and which lived now only in the paintings of Vandyke and his school. "How tho girl looks at me!" Sir John said, surprising Ills daughter's earnest gaze. 'Does she take me for a ghost?" "Indeed, sir, she may well fancy you have come back from tlio other world while you wear that antique suit," .said Hyacinth. "I hope your first business to-morrow will ho to replenish your ward robe by the assistance of Lord Rochester's tailor. He Is a German, and has the best cut for a Jus- tau-corps in all the West End. Fareham is bad enough to make u wife ashamed of him; but li Is clothes are only poor anil shabby for his condi tion. Your Spanish cloak and stcoplo hat arc fit ter for a travelling quack doctor than tor a gentle man of quality, and your doublet aud vest might have come out of t'no ark." "If T change then), it will be but to humor your vanity, sweetheart," answored her father. "I bought the suit in Paris threo years ago, and I swore I would cast them back upon the snip's hands it lie gave me any new-fangled finery. But a riding suit that has crossed the Pyrenees and stood n winter's wear at Montpelier — where I have been living since October — can scarce do credit to a fine lady's saloon; and thou art finest, I'll wager, Hyacinth, where all are fine." "You would not say that if you had seen Lady CasUnmalne's rooms. I would wager that her tapestry cost more than the contents of my; houso." "Thou shouldst not envy sin in high places. Hyacinth." "Envy! I envy a " (To be continued.) 