*THE TU£F. &ACING; NOTES. I'Bv MeStor.1 t AilhongH Ebme people may be of opinion tlut we doc. t get enough racing, it seems as thouen a very jjhort space of tune elap es batmeen ons meeting and another np tall the end of the Jegitanate racing year, and before the first Hay of Augu t arrives We have nominations, f & the early events of the next seasonl Tuesday last saw Mr. Heseltine fcusfly engaged in' receiving entries for the A.B.C Grand National meeting to be run on ?August id ana 24 ana a ccraple oE weeks hence vnll witness Mr. Whitington gathenng Tn entries for the S.A.J C. Spring meeting to ^tako place at—ilorphetville* on September ''1 and 5. Each season the secretaries of ?the leading ,ielubs seem to outvie each other in their efforts to procure big lists of nominations. This year Mr. Heseltine has the satisfaction of knowing that he has beaten ?Bis q*n recbrds for previous years for the 'same meeting, and no doubt Mr. Whitington i WjLsuecced in doing ditto foe hnnEelf. There imustj^iowevefj be a; limit to the number of ken-tries for any meeting or events, as was 'pro-vetl In the ease ot the iHelbonme Cup *heii i± was worth .J.0,000 Although there areTrat ieVen-inore entnes this year than last ?ioronr Grand National meeting, yet fie have ?all the horses named, tlfat miglit- wellhave been 'expected. All the local horses jn training are foe the bat, and there fcre vmtonTto come from O&elbonrne-tQ; .j*ive variety to the proceedings sn& tocourage_ speculation. The handicaps trill be lSsnedTon Tnesdaynext, and there will \- be EhSs enough, after they ha*e'appeared to restama£crtb.et;hanoes of the Jifelbonme contan 5 1 gent as. compared vHttf our own,tnt Mr. \- -- Heselfine has reason to'be well satisfied that iaslStalon-Tueiday^ieaohed. the respectable anmbStof 23i entries for the fcwo- daya; racing. The first acceptances' tot the_ V.A.TC ''GrsnS National fiurdlls and Sieeple were made on Monday, 'and. vfe^Bnd. there are 22 candidates left in the Hurdle jiace, and only onB less^in the Steeplechase. The .final accegtances tSrnX deduce ttiS number, before they-go to the post; but our 'two local repre' eentatives, feitmuatorVand Banjo, 3rs booked to go over, th&donble; Saving been backed for a large amount The Ecratclungs for the Hnrdfeamclude Chummie,7Eriangle, Xarnool, Havelock,';The Don, Blood wood,'- Tasman, ApslejTGrlsnmbre, Lucidtjind Culzean, none of whoin nave jSgnred. mack, in the bettmg. Is. the^KEpjoE Earnootit was early known that Mr. -Miller -would save- him for 'the \- Steeple^ and eo far as-ApsteY 'la concerned Be Ti.tft Been ti!aunng-,'badly. Whernside's. fejury When Iffi feil-'at Mennngton eau=ed his retirement from the Steeple, and Romance and d&rrie3l; hive jr one out, but quite a Bnffi. cfent numberJwfiHace tne.starterto mai.9. the event jan interestrD|» one, and as the journey is four 'mites ^there_ is no'-cerlaihfy yet about eelwtmgCthB winder. 4 ''— , ^ ?* ^ 'The Count/' of Oienham & Co fwho re turns _to 'his' Melbourne— 'Victorian Glnb quarters to- day), di&a; good deal of betnng on TEursaay.^as the following- 3ist Vfill show — Caulfield and^ Melbourne Cups— SjtlOO to , 6 Trentliam. and .Broken ,. Hin,_5,000 to 6 Straightfire and Broken Hfll, 6,000 to 5 \- Pivot and Strathspeyi 5,000 -to 5 JPivofc-and. Hop cotch, 5,000 to o J3ohaIIoTC and 'Hop scotch,' 5,000 to 5 DuhalW and Beta, 5,000 to , 54Duhallowand Strathspey' Cauffieia Grand JSational Hurdles and Steepfe^-^OfiCf to 20 *. Simulator -and Waterloo,, 1,000 to 20 Artist andZonrofiv 1,000 to»20 Dungan anU'Zburoff, SDfftolOStorago And Zburoff,-S001to 10 Morago &nd; TBanjo The fpJloyangv stralghtf-out wagers ^vere also laid. ~—Cfsulfieia_ Hnrdle Baoe— 150 to 15 Simulator, 125 to 25'Dungan, 1-0 to-25Horago, 100 to 15' Artist Steeple chas&r-Zoff; \o 25 ZouroS, '100 to 2ft 'Waterloo jr In the local .market lor, the A~K C. Grand National and 'Steeple; Bsdiant and AUJFours, ^t_and Jack Sprat and^AIl Fours have been coupled ior_all tjie jnoneym theTnarket at \- j, hnndreds-to two and three} also Radiant and The G-host-and-Jack.Sprat and The Ghost -Electric and Wjanderer were -Eent away to !Port-'Pine on Wednesdajrto take part^nthe local meerangtm Saturday. _ — ' i. '.the nomination _of -Thunder ~KinR in the Dequetteville States Ehonia-read'blk or g colt, instead of blk-Bas^publi hed. _- - Hodgkms, the^bekey, took iis departure for'-West Australia onJWSdnesday; havmg engageinente to*riae at the .forthcoming Cool gardie Cup meeting, which. take3 place on August Q and S. * „ - _ TBe opening of a plnmpton'or enclosure for \- hare coutsiug- -within a couple of miles 'of Ade laide forms an epoch in the hi tory of the Sporf in t'h£ coloay-. jTiia evenfi -will take place to-usorrow (Saturday), and given that , the proceedings will pass off with eclat special oiedie«will]Sye foie'accbrdedto'Eheprcttnoter (Mr John Creswed) Th post years two or ,. 1 t}ireQ attempts -were made ''to establish a ijlumptonjondevenanthMr. CreswellthQ-fforJc ias been -ardoous^and- many diScaltfes trere aiscoyered in_,the nayr~-£izst -one site was. selected, then, anotherjuia another, nntil the abandonment of. p_ony racing at J?lympton brought^ the present-site mto favorable notice, and it is doubtful whether a better one could Save been ^choseh? A proper company has _ been formed,1 and ilr^J^reswell fills the posf of managing director, fio that all the*1 -principal vork? tat the formation of ^-the plumpton has^ been.^- in his \- iarios.*rtAt TNarracoorto a plumpton was in e^istencefor some years, 'but nad too far away from the metropolis to be made a -paying con \- cern. ThfffoUbwers^f open,coursmg have the prLvflege otholding a Waterloo Cup meeting onceajearfitBuckIandBark,''hul; ths i not Bu6icffiiit~£or. tie large number of greyhound owners , -g£ the1 city and suburbs^ ?who will be glad to avail themselves o£ the-1 0pporfumty of running in fre quent contests'-1 m's plumpton so near 'to heme, anti^at less expense than travelling a^ py to jneetings-m the country, ilr. Cres ^ell and iis aesiatalife have done well to get the plade?ihto working' or3ec this seasoa, and as he' promises other meetings' on August IS JindJ29, and September 12 and 15, there'wfll ___ now be ^-no J complaint of the r lark of: : '*' sport Another ^advantage of the plnmp ton -will ba tfiat ownera will be abie to try their^ puppies, in stakes ^Epecially , devoted to those of the 'same age, and at the -fenioE the season -tKeiirrwill_iio doubt be trials = -also-for saplmgs. The other club' Mve of late ^.yeats Jreen comuelled. to conime their opera tions to'all-aged dogs, -which -was nece^sarflya — __ handicap agsmst Tprtnwsin^ youngsters, par ticaTarly as the coursing' was 1n-the opSnr The running ground* at the plmnpton* vnlL be founa EufficientTy long to sarlsry the majority of ov/ners, and while' staying powers' wfl always beTfalusble as the stakes increase in .size, yet greyhounds who are fast spnnfers ;wiH ha^-e aietfer chanceliere than they 'would Jhaye in the open. The owner of a kenn°l will so6n-diseov6r which sre his plnmpton dogs|' and^wilL ,work them^accordingly,' while the hardier-stayers, whom s, gtueller o£ a-coupleTof. miles-wilLfeil to knock out, can tie saved for ^ the TneeKngs- fif the openl Gomg'down to' Plymptos^fwill not be the,'puting'' that is enjoyed Iv^qm^ to Buckland Park perhaps, bnt then it can bB -more frequently indulged m, and will 'form a pleasant' divertisement fronLraemg, football, and cricket on Satur day afternoons by those who'Jike a variety of Eporta, and can find enjoyment in them all. The plumpton js situated on the old Plympton Racecourse^ about-itwo^ miles from the city, and can be reached either by road or rail, the Glenelg- tram'-depositing passengers at the -gate. « The eourae proper is 970 yards iong and about 300 yards wide, the running being from^asfc to West At the west end adjoinmg the courEe' and communicating with ifc-bv^the escapes are the homes, comprising 3o acres, jKTivi'.iV{i4np^ ty 3 -6-ffci- psHuig i enc& snnnounte-i by barbed wire. The homes are divided mto two portions, in one oi -which the hares taking part m the day's running are kept separate from, the others, from the nomes the iares are driven along a covered race on the north side of: the coarse into., an enclosure at the east ^corner, %'hich is divided into four compartments, and 'thence into a small canvas covered house. By means of cords attached to sliding doors Tihey may be driven into a shuts divided, into compartments and liberated as desired, the-ihjured or unfit hares ^emg-ajsftedjnto a separate yard '' The- dogs are held by the dipper behind a canvas screen, the harejeing given.* start of 80 or J.00 yards a low canvas fence extending this distance in order to gui3e the hare fairly to the middle of ?.he course. Crossing the course at 'about the naif jliE^aiice is a ditch, and at the end are 22 ebeatiea leading mto the homes ttrfough, -which, the hares cad pgqqj but the dogs cannot get 'Ehiougfi.1. On tBe south ade of the course, ex tending almost from oneendof thecourie to the other, w a Earner- np to which the publit^Me allowed, from any gpint of-jvhich attuninterrnptedviewofthe whole course can be obt&inea.; Sunning^ t»arallel with this ?barnetand abon? 12 ft from it 13 a postand ?wire fencB, up tb wuich horses and traps are \- ^owed, giving11 thorn an equally good view; while not interrupting those on. foot ' The central position, has been fenced oS, forming a reserve, in which is a grandstand about 200 ft _ long-, giving seating accommodation for about ?600 people. All th» ground on Which the -pubbe v/dl be sfendinsr has been coveted with a taiok coatinjr ot sand. The south portion of the grounds up to the entrance gates gives a very large space for horses and traps. A building' of 1b compartments is b'rn-r finished m which the dogs can bo kept white -waiting their courses. Mr R jEL H. Hope, who is a ?very popular judge, hab consented to officiate in the saddle on Saturday. The first brace of dogs will be put in, slips at 12J5 p m A special tram service his been arranged for, trams leaving North terrace at 11.15 xm., 12 30, 1 15, L45, 2 15, and 2.53 p m , deposit ing visitors at the front gate of the plumpton. Happening -upon a young fellow who T™^ ^ugfr-got the worst o£ a fall from a bucking bike m Hutt street on Thursday, I dis covered it was A If R--ed, (who has returned f R-m his Melbovane trip with Havelook. Alf _ is not- at all enamored with the chances of tiny- of our hurdle-racers in Melbourne, and says the quality is bettss sok thaajiiaa-STEr been there owing to the increa ed stake3 that the principal clubs are oSering It 1 easier to win on the flat than o\er the small sticks, hesiya, as somanyf ast hor-esare bemgeducated attbelattergame Havelock, whohasafairturn of foot, hadn t the ghost of a show with them, and as there was no chance of earning oats over there Havelock was ent back. again, but he will be kept in work for our coming National meeting Keed thmks that it 1 about time 'he made a b o\, or did something easier tnan riding steeplechasers, a game he is growing tired of Mo t people would like to see the crack steeple jockey again m hi best form getting home first m a big race. We are of opinion that he can still manage a chaser over big sticks better than ho canacjcleon the flat Mr David James the owner of Principle, has again had bad luck m losing- the services of this horse after he has had a lengthened spell and v.as coming on nicely, in bi3 prepara tian for events on the other side the border. At the Port meeting Principle was leading in the Handicap, when he was seen to suddenly drop, to the rear and fim hed nowhere On examination it was found he had cat his foot so badly that he .bad to be thrown out of training, and another season will probably elapse before Principle is seen at anvthmg near hi be t again. John TTrii has had his usual flutter with the colors up on the Morphettville Course. Pick ing a fine afternoon list week he sent his youngsters for a couple of furlongs, which they accomplished in nice time, and then his team had Broken Hill for a echoolmaster, and the Australian Cup_winner enjoyed himself by showing the way home to the others. There was a 'time when the St Leonards seance with the colors up attracted not a few good sports men who had received the office, but thjs custom has dropped into abeyance and^Hill andjns brother and the''ordinary habitues of the~course are the only spectators! ^.Kisnot merelyfor^how purposes that John Hill hi ?the afternoon flutter, but as much as anj thing for. the education of his younger charges, who have not yet learned to face the public or to seethe colors on. the course The coming annual meetings of the two metropolitan racing clubo are causing more talk and excitement than usuil on account of thai-competition that will tate place for the vacancies on the respective committees. All the candidates named seem to be in earnest about going to the poll^and their friends are working quietly on their behalf It js gratif v msr to know that both club' are in a -rery sound financial position, as pro\ed by their balance sheets j but* the financial statement of the S A. J C is not made known until the day of-thB annual meeting, no other course being provided for in thejrules. f Mr. C M Bagot desires us to call attention to the sheepdog field trials which are to be held on the Morphettville Haeecourse on Saturday,* August 1 X3n this occasion the secretary of the Agricultural Society is re caiving the co operation of Mr. Whitington, andbetween them theyarearringingforan after -noon's attraction, which will include a parade oE two year-oia=,-'with their jockev in colors, and of older Hood stock, and the Hunt Club have agreed to finish their lun on the race courae, so^that patrons wiEhave a varied pio gramme to amuse them ~ Messrs. Barker & Cornelm will offer at auction to-day (Friday) the steeplechaser Strike~and hurdle jumper Father Confessor also.tKe flat racer Wahine. On Thursday the- offered several thoroughbreds, and sale up to £150 per head, were effected -? .Messrs .Barker & Cornelius -will offer for sale ,. to-day the speedy Arab, one of the finest looking and smartest horses on. the turf whsn-he was atjis'bes*t * ' ' Mr. JHyde, -who 1 -up from the south-east, says his old jumper Leroy is looking so well after a spell at f he'stud that if he thought the handicapper -would, give him about 10 st at a country meeting he could win another race with Iiim. lieroyi ~by Sussex from a Panic mare, SsTjred 6n such stout and hearty lines that ?we are not surprised to hear of the old follow bang-rejuvenated^ When hiB stock come into the sale market they should be eagerly sought after for jumping purposes 1 The North Western Jockey Club will hold a race meeting at Port Eirie on Saturday in which, with half a dozen events to he conte ted and good fields for the various event , a capital afternoons sport should be enjoyed. For the Flying Handicap of five furlongs 3.1 competitors ha\e accepted Haughtiness is top -weight with 9-st 7 lb., and if in her best form would take a lot of beating 'Wrangler; 9st 51b,'tT.Z,9st21b1and Miola, 8st 10- lb., appear on recent form to be the best of ? the, others, and the quartet should supply the, placed horses. ' In the Hardle Kace there are «rc ccmpetitors, of whom the best are Isinglass -and Simple Jim. 1 For tnfl Winter Handicap, one mile and a furlong, there are 10 candidates left in, anB if saved for thi event Wrangler and U Z should battle it out between them There are no less than 13 left m the Totali zator Handicap, and the naming in previous events 'Bhould indicate {he probable winner here. -The OVixl Stakes add Hack ilace -will complete the programme. ' * '*~ A two-year-olc£ of taiuch promise 'was unearthed at Caulfield on Saturday list, whdh Man of Honor, a Reldm™ by Trenton from Maid of Honor, won the Two year, old Handi cap from The OScer, Quahgy, Lightning, and others. He was in,xeeeip't of a lump of weight from. The Officer and Lightning, but won -with greafrease, and may come into favor,- for the V R C. Derby, one of the races for which he is eligible He is the property of Messrs. J. Bedfearn. and M. Jacobs. _ Compared with the _flounshing condition of our own meEropolitaiicIubs. racing affairs look bad at headquarters an Queensland. At the 'last annual4 general -Tneetingt,of thoDunedm Jockey Club 2. balancp -sheet was read showing a loss on the year's transactions of-£319 15s. 10d. the receiDts having amounted to -£18,241 IBs. 7d. and the expenditure to SIS 560 17s. 5d. The Hon. G McLean, who presided, m moving the adoption of the report, detailed the negotiationsHvith the Forbury Bark Com pany, remarking that -if they went through Xrejsnd thev could not get a landlord to be have m the«ame-wayasj;he company had. S, Itis^statedthat the -underwriters -who were onrthe policy insuring Trenton for his -vovage to England, when the hor&e; so nearly died, subscribed £15 to 'be given torEwart, who was in -charge of the horse, as a recognition of the great ej-ertionsTie'inade-antl his ceaseless caro, -thank3 to which a fatal issue wSs prevented^ Trenton -was insured for £6,000, rf5^ Victorian writer has figured out the amount that would Tiave been.- returned by backing every winner at Hie late V.E.C. Grand ^National meeting at the quoted prices, to a person who began with one sovereign and 'played it up' He assumes, of: course,, that the nngmen^were strong enough to accommo date, andjtbe result of his calculations is that the backer would have turned the original sovereign into £1,796,133,200 _He further adds 'posably on the following Monday some ofthejsniallerrmgnien might nave hod to ask for time''' Count Schomberg, 4 yrs.. by A»*nnm — Clbpavarn, who won the Windsor Norman Tower Handicap, and .ran second in Duke of York Stakes, third m the Cesarewitch Stakes and Cambridgesbire btakes, and second in the Manchester November Handicap, has been put to hurdle-racing-, with successful resulte, as he won a few weeks ago the Grand Hurdle Uaee of Anteml, three miles and one furlong, worth 332,712 There Trere buc best starters, -and Count Schomberg,1 7 to 4 against, carried 9 st .12 lb* home an easy winner. — bomB httie time back Mr. Leopold de Eoth=ch51dandthe-Shefiield bookmaker, Mr Steele, differed respecting the chance of the favorite m a certain race at Newmarket, and the latter Baid it was a thousand pounds to a carrot jan. that animal winning- '*I wiU 'take that,' said JlrrKothschild over the rails, and toanngmau won hi 'bet In what v.ay^.to settle St. Frusqmn's owner was for^a-tune afc a loss to know, but ultimately he had an orna ment made m the shape of a cprrofc of coral, the^reen .top bemg enamelled, and round it was a gold band with the wo^-ds ' A thousand pound to a carroir' engraved thereon, and this j\Ir Steele duly received. In addition to those mentioned by ub last week, the Eollowmg -mares visited Carbine in -hi first season m England — The Smew, bv Sfc. Srmon^--3olden:Eye.r Charm, by-St Simon — -Tact ; Mint of Money, by_Bo eberv — Mrnt- drop^ Gallatea, by Galopin— Eeredos j Santa Felice, by St. Simon — Happy Hampton; Strathbrock, by Strathem — 5?om£ectia; fat. Agatha, by Isonomy — Lady Masham, Me tallic, by Sweetbread— B=il Metal; St Bees, 'by St Simon — Beatrice; Saintfield, by St Simon— Daisy Chain ; Normama, bvSt Simon — Jo yuan ; Sanderling, by St Simon — Sandi- way ? mare, by Galopin from Dee ; Darnaway, by Scottish Otuef— Spinaway ; Operetta, by Petrarch. — The Song; Distant Shore, by Hermit— Land's End ; Ardkinpflass, by Bruce — Cl&tetto; Maundy Money, by Ayrshire or Sliver — Princes Victoria, bimonetta, b\ St. Simon — Ithona , Leverert, bj Galopin — bacn fice, Anna, by St Simon — Ulster Queen , Sempronia, by Carnehon — Sword Knot , Sal tire, by Bend Orr— Stillwater, Pelf, by Pun=e bearer — Bonnie Marden , Sad, by Hermit — Anoriyiha. llr A. O Whitington has received the formal nomma'tioiis: of : Messrs. A- AVi Ware arid.H.-Biclcford fbrlelection as committefenien of the S A. J C at the annudl meeting, v.luch will be held on Augu t 7 Tommy Swnel has been withdrawn from the Melbourne Cap. ^ 