CHAPTER XI. . Glinsts. At first it seemed.lo lier ns though she must yield to the deadly faintness which was : ??.alf; ready clouding her senses. Surely this must . he some hideous dream-the flower-strewn bed, cold and ghastly in, the moonlight, -the uncovered arm, and lier son's pale, question ing face, stern and sad, looming out, ot. the black shadows. Was. it a dream, ahd he a ghost? Alas! no, for his lips were slowly parted, and the deathlike stillness was broken by his quick, agitated words: '"Mother! . You herc! aud-- What has happened?" What have you been doing?". "I could not rest. I came-to look at him-r once more," she faltered. ?He pointed to the < disarranged white gar ments, to the bare arm of the figure on . the bed. He asked no . questions; he. simply pointed, and looked at her. - What did it . mean? Nothing which she had imagined;to herself had been-so awful as this. That she should stand face to face with him,, of all people in the world, and have to answer that look ? of almost tierce inquiry. . What should she do? What should she do? VI will tell you-presently," she gasped. "Ask me nothing now. I am faint. This has upset me." . / With trembling fingers she re-covered : his arm and smoothed down the draperies on the bed. Then she turned half-fearfidly round. He was standing quite still, waiting for lier, with a white set look on his face that made her heart sink. He was her son, but. he would be a hard inquisitor. What Avas she to tell him? Anything-anything but the truth! "I cannot slop-here," she said. "Take me back to my room." He stretched out his arm, and she leaned heavily upon it. Slowly, they moved across the darkened room and gained the door. Out side, in the dimly-lit - corridor, she seemed to breathe more freely. "It was foolish of nie toncóme," she said in a whisper. He looked down at'her. "You had a,purpose?" ~ Ay, a purpose! Had she not a pur pose? And he was seeking to know it; he would try to wrest it from her. He-calm, strong, and sel Mellan t, against her-weak, shaken, and fearful.1 How was she to resist him-how to evade his ques tions? The thought of it made her shudder. They had reached the door of her room, and she had paused, hoping that he might go. But he only waited until she had passed in and then he followed her, closing the door after him. She sank wearily into her low chair and buried her face in her hands. He drew himself up before her and spoke. . "Mother," he said, "am I asking you a hard, an unreasonable thing, When I ask you to tell me what motive you had in going-there to night, and what you had been doing? 1 think not. Why should there be secrets be tween us? Am I not your son, and was he not my father as well as your, husband? Î will never rest-never-until I have discover ed the secret of his death, I have sworn it! Don't you feel like that, too? You must! Let us help one another in this! Our object is the same!" Ho ceased, and waited for an answer. None came. She kept her face hidden from him, buried in her hands; and he thought at first that she was weeping. But when she looked up he saw that the dry, burning eyes were tearless. . "Mother," he went on, speaking more rapid ly, "it has been a new idea to me altogether : that there should have been any mystery or secret cloud in connection with-him. Yet something of the sort there must have been, and-forgive mc-but it seems to me that you must have known-must know-a little of it. What does it all mean? Neillson's flight, your strange manner, and your visit to his room alone, and at this hour? If you know anything at all-and you must know a good deal-why not tell me and help me to gain a clue? Surely you cannot wish his murderer to escape? God forbid!" "It may be better so," she murmured. "Gan you doubt but that God will punish ?" "That is what you said before, mother," he answered, "and I tell you again that' God^s punishment would bc too slow for rae. I cannot rest while this thing i-emains undis covered." , She shook her head. "Has it never occurred lo you that this secret may be one which it were best the world did not know?" She said, softly. "In telling me you are not telling the world," he answered. "Whatever it wîïs, 1 am his son and I have a right to know it. T arn his avenger, and I will know it." She looked al; him calmly. Sooner or later this must be faced'. Better now, perhaps, than at any other time! "Never from me," she said; iii a low linn tone. He looked at her astonished. "Do you mean this, mother?" he exclaimed. "I do." "You mean that you will tell me nothing? You mean, that though what you know might bring his murderer to justice, you will still keep lt to yourself?" (To be continued.) 