They Say: (An open column. Comment must be fair and without malice. The Editor is not responsible for opinions expressed.] Contributors are requested to write with ink and on one side of paper only, Initials and items should be plainly written on a fair sized, piece of paper (not small .-" slips), and sent in not later than Wed n edayjevening. Wiho is, te young fellow that battles after S. M.- Surely not big mouth Arthur. Who is the bloke that is going to buy' two goats and keep a dairy. Surely not Pussy of. Tinning street. Who are the blokes that sent the false alarm of burglary so far that it reached the Argus. Surely not the truthful butcher and his boy. Oh Engin, it is no good trying to fall in with Bob, you have no chance B. K. Hard luck Engin. Who is the boy in1 Albion street West, who thinks he keeps good pigeons, but they are only scra s. Surely not George the Dribbler. That old new policeman that came here lately will get into trouble if he don't keep better company than that of a man who is not a man. Topsy feels a bit jealous of her butcher boy. Who is the bloke down West that trys to do a knock with Miss B. Who is the little boy that ate a dozen and five bananas on Queen's Birth day. How is it that the committee always get first and second prize every year, in'the'Brunswtck Carnival. Surely it' is time they gave somebody else a show. Who were the two Coburg Coun cillors that were wrestling on Sydney road Queen's Birthday, with the result that one of them was capsized in a water trough. There is a girl by nickname Monkey Who thought her boy would be a flunky, Asked him to meet her down the road And take her home by Moreland Grove. Who is the young man that jilted his girl and went with another, because therewasa party close athand. Surely not H. G. Dad is doing a bit of toil breaking coke, he said it is not good to work between meals, work hurts him. Raphael would have won the Obstacle Race only for his nose overbalancing him. Who was the man who made him self a fool in the procession. Surely not W. J. Mc. Who is the bloke that said he would lend his mouth for zs to go to a picnic Ah, young Will, you ought to charge 5s, it is well worth that. D. A. H. is a natural runner never reouires training; if he was 70 years ola, and showed the same form as on Monday he could easily give Carbine a start, and no wonder we are told he washes his joints with Hogan's Extract of Soap. Who is the boy up West that fancied the ghost of a horse that he and -his' boss murdered, followed him to I-Inn ter street, and then turned into burg lars. What price the little peach walking from Parkville to see the missing link in the procession, she was disappoin ted. Surely he must have been enter taining his Tasmanian friends. The Missing Link's handsome face was missed from the procession on Monday. Was that his youngest with the monkey face, that carried the new frying pan. Who is the repulsive cur with the monkey nose that put on the dog's face at the three old women on Sydney road. Surely not G. C. he can growl but dare not bite. Who are the'boys that send corres pondence, andlare too ignorant of com mon politeness, or else are ashamed to sign their names. Ask F. and A. Special adversiments (advertisements we presume) are charged at the rate of los per inch. See it. Who is the boy down West that could not rise a donah for the sports. Surely not the butcher boy., If the Red Rose are going to fraffle Pain's Trophy, they should try Uncle George, he will take two chances if he gets them for threehalfpence. Who is the girl that is trying all she knows to mash Jim F. one of the Princes Hill monkeys. Can it be A. L. Deserted Billy denounces the un generous public. He says, free beer and congratulations were my lot, but since I changed my Tugs my psuedo friends swill not listen to my entreaties for a testimonial; although I do not wish them to provide the needful. There is a boy in Union street, W. G. is his name you know, And he kids himself enough, Since he got his hair cut. Who is the bloke that was plough ing up the ground with his gun. Surely not Watery eye Wack. Who is the bloke in the straw decker thatlookslikean Emu. Surely not R. U. Who is the young man who kids he can dance, and went to a room and stood on his partner's toes. Was it Dona. Joey and Jack have been rubbed out for life, for bad riding. Who is the young lady that was heard to say, He is young and small, but you can trust him, and I like him. Was it G. D. Alf thinks he beat Joey for his donah but Joey don't think so. Oh what an oversight, our truthful one did not compete in the Missing Link at the Carnival. The Ist prize would have been a certainty. Dame Rumour sets forth Untruthful Billy has got a moveable Punch. and Judy box erected in his yard, and he is taking lessons in ventriloquism. Opposition is the life of trade. There is a living skeleton up West, and at her residence there is a grand view. She is a slaver and a real cyclo pedia for the Drs. Her bloke Ihas a magnifying glass to see her, and his arm goes three times round her waist before he feels her figure. When per pendicular she stands about bft, she is averse to growing any taller, but pre fers that to running along the ground, her feet are about zft long and still growing. Who is the bloke in Tinning street that is in for the big mouth competi tion. Surely not A T. 