THE PRICE OP A SLAVE. Bad flndT m ea the high basks o? the ratine tratching tho gophers on the other side. We was mad that mtrauig, for Alvlra had told on us again— she was always doing it ) We lived on a farm. Alma's our sister, and at that time she went to the town sbhool; I s'pose that's why she put on so many airs. After we'd seared the gophers into their holes we sat still and thought awhile. At last 1 said — 'Bud, whatfll you do pay her up P" Now Bud's kind of ohiuken-hearted ; he never can think of anything very bad, muoh less do it ; bo, to give him time, I mado a cheese of my skirt, and kept whirling all the way along the bank to the cellar, where pa bleaches the celery, and back again without ever falling down once. When I got back Budgaskxtd — " What'll you do, Justina, to pay her up ?" I like to scare Bud, and moke him look up to me; so I crossed my eyes and showed my teeth, like we do when we tell the Indian story to the oew scholars that come to our school, and says, way down in my throat— II I'll sell her for a slave 1" " Oh, Justy," cried Bud, 11 how awful 1 Would you ?" " I would," I answered : and to shew him bow unconcerned I was 1 took a turn down tho bank of the ravine on our toboggODslide. We don't have a chance to slide much 'cause pa makes a terrible fuss abont that cellar door, and we have to get Hans Francis to pull it up every time befere ho gets home from town. We keep on the good side of Huns Francis by telling him dinner's ready before we call the other men, so's he can go in first He likes Christie, our hired girl, aud 1 s'pose theyll get married some day, 'and then we won't have any more sliding, and I'll have to wash the diuhes, too. It docs seem as if everything goes wrong in this world ! After I'd slid down the ravine and walked up again, Bud said, kind of reproaolifully— "Justy; I here ain't no such thing as a slave. They're all free." Of course I knew there wasn't any more blaok slaves, but I didn't think Bud did, so I was kind of at a leva what to answer, when all at once I thought of what ma said oue time about Brown's, ovoraouth of us : ' Mrs. Brown is a perfect slave to that man 1" So I says to Bud — There's slave's now, just tho same's ever. Mr. Brown's wife is ono " Bud thought awhile, and then asked if I supposed Mr. Brown would take Alvira. 1 have to laugh at Bud sometimes, he's so iuno- cent. ' Of course he wouldn't," I answered, "But " we could sell bur to a man who hadn't a slave already— an awful moan-looking man." Bud began to weaken at this, so I went on— M Of course we couldn't gut anything for her; we'd probably bavo to give the mau something to boot, to get him to marry her ; but I gueas if you'd bad to wear her old clothes, an I have, you'd be willing to do moat anything to get rid of hor. Look here," I went oo, standing up and holding out my apron ; 44 its made out of faer old skirt. How'd you like to wear her old skirt, Mr. Bud ?" "Well, I'd want it made into pants flrat," answered Bud, kind of hesitating. " Yes," I said, ' and every boy that saw you would say, There goes Bud Sybester with bis sister's skirt on 1' " They wouldn't !" cried Bud, getting red in the face. " It'd be sewed into breeches !" ' They'd know it just the same, and they'd ABk you if you had a bairloom ou." This brought Bud over to my way of think ing. as I knew it would, for if there's anything in this world that makes liim mad, it's to be made fun of. We couldn't think who wo oould get to msrry Alvira, and we went over and satou the outside greenhouse door, that slants, and talked it over. There waa no one mean enough to suit us bub Ed Rickets, the man that tends to pa's celery. They plant it out in tho field all summer, over rows of tiling; and we don't like Ed, 'cause opjii time when he put the hose iu one end of a row to run tho water across the field we changed the nozzle, when he wasn't ooking, into the moat around the castle we'd built ; then we forgot about it, and the moat overflowed and flooded tho field. Now if ib hnd been Hans Franois he Dover would have told ; but Ed did It was nice and sonny on the greenhouse door, and we'd taken our timo to it, and 6sid all the mean things about Ed Rickels we could think of, when all at onct the door began to raise up. After we'd rolled off Ed Rickets stuck his head out mid said— « Aw, now, you're just joking, ain't you ? " Just wait till we pay him up I Then we went along tho creek to hunt for nfggi r heads, and while wo was tbore ws come acruis a man walking along with his hands be hind him. I thought as soon as I saw him that he would mako a good slave owner, and 1 just askod him if he was married. He laughed, and wanted to know where we sprang from. Bud told him we didn't spring at all ; we was just hunting around ; and he asked him what be was doing. He sobered up then and walkod along with us, and said he was a professor in a University somewhere and was out looking for Indian relics. I asked him what Indian relics was, and he said they was beads and halchets and things that live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians a long time ago ; and did we know of any mounds around here ? That set me thinking ? I did know of one, and I winked to Bud to keop still ; then I said to the professor— I What'll you give for an Indian mound P" He laughed, kind of surprised, aud said if it was genuine he'd give a good deal. Bud seen then what I was after, and he asked— 44 Mr. Professor, are you married ?" "Why do you want to know that?" ho replied, laughing. Then 1 whispered to Bud, and he whispered to me; and wo deoided we'd better tell the professor the whole thiog, and make him an offer. So we told lum if he wanu't married, and would marry onr sister Alvira and make hor a slave, wo'd give him the Indian moniid and oall it squaro. He laughed the most I ever seen anybody laugh, and askod us if we meant it. Then ho Inquired all about our family, and Alvira, and if she was pretty and everything. I told him yes, she was; and the Indian mound was a good one, 'cause I'd got some beads out of it I oould how him. Ho then asked ns right oat where it was— as if we wore such fools as to tell 1 Bud says, ' Ob, no, you don't 1" and winked. This made tho professor kind of mad, and ho walkod around a bit with his bands in his pookets then he asked— " Where can I sue your sister P" Bud teld him wo'd fix that, and be must swear he'd never tell a word of what we said to hhn, for we wouldn't show him the Indian mound. After he'd done it we asked him to go to the big greenhouse while we was eatiug sup per that night, and we'd come down and bide him where he could see Alvira when we brought her there. ' . , I forgot that that was the night when Hans Francis smokes the greenhouses/ and we did have an awful time of it. Wo potthe professor in a kind of crib in the forcing-house. After anyone got iu it was pretty hard to get out again ; then, too, it was very dusty. The smoke of burning tobacco stems is all very weU'trheayoifro>u88dtott, but when you ain't— well, you jost can't stand it; that's all. And, besides, the professor didn't know what was burning.; he thought the whole house was on fire. .. : However he got out of that crib I can't imagine, but just as wo'd all got arranged around the outer edge of one of the fornaoe pits, and Alvira was going to tell the first ghost story, like we always do nights when they smoke the greenhouse, and the emoke was so thick you could scarcely see the crib, all to onct some one dropped out of It, hollered a< Fire !" and ran. If tbore was as loch in all them 10 green houses that the professor didn't ran or fall over I'd like to know it. I think be npset every single thing that wasnt nailed down before he got out Hans Francis waa carrying the little sheet iron stove they burn the stems in from ono houoe to aoolher, and the professor bad to knock it endways, of course, just-as pa fell into the furnace pit. Well, the "burglar" got away, so I heard 'em telling the neighbours. I'm sure I couldn't say, 'cause Bud and I sneaked off to bed about that time. We didn't seo the professor again for some days, and then we found him one morning walking along the creok looking for that mound. He didn't act st first as if he was glad to see us, and even when Bud told hhn wo hadn't a thing against bia be just looked at us in sur prise and said— "Well, if you are not the most impudent ohildren!" ' I don't think that was very polite! After a while be came around, and asked us how our lovely sistor was, and then we fixed it up to have him call upon ps some evening to consult him about books He could come home on Friday evening, go's Alvira would be at home ; and I'd fix it so that she'd come into tho room. I heard ma calling me then, aud I had to go into the house. After I'd gone Bud got things mixed, and told the professor to come Saturday evening instead, When Friday night came I got Alvira to fix up by telling hec I waa most sure 1 heard pa Invite one of tho Briston boys over. I knew she couldn't prove anything by pa, 'cause he forgets awiul bad. The professor didn't come that night, and I couldn't imagine why. 'cause Bud hnd gone home with Cousin Willie, and never told me. Saturday night we was all except pa tired out, and went to bod early. I never seen such a person as pa is— he'll sit up till two in the morning and read Byron's poems. Our house ib pretty big, bub what with having so many hired men, we don't have much sleeping room. Alvira stayed all the week in town, and when she oam» home Friday night she bad to sleep on a sofa in a little recess in our parlour. Now our house ain't built like the honses in town ; it dou't have a front hall, so when you open the front door you step right into the parlour. After everybody wus asleep in the house but pa, there was a knock at tho front door. Pa's a dear,' good man, and we just wouldn't take anything in the world for him, but he's the awfulest person to forget ! On this occasion he forgot all about AlvirA. He brought a lump and set it on the parlour table, and theu opened the door. Of course it was the professor— what other luck could you expeob ? Pa iusinted on his coming right in, and when he fouud out who he was they began to talk about books. Alvira soon woke up, and juRt had to lay there with the bright light shining iu her face, and those two men sitting quite near her. They couldn't see anything except her face and bead, as the recess was partly curtained off, aud the tofa almost entirely bidden. But her head, was enough; it looked awful. It's the style how to wear your hair crimped; Alvira curls her short hair with a curling iron, but the crimp ing she (loos on big hairpins, which stick out every way aud made her head look real fuuuy. By this time m& and I was up and trying to save her ; wo could see her through the crack of the door, her cheeks like fire. Sho was bo angry with pa that I just expected to see her fly at him ; aud there pa sat, gently stroking his whihkera and smihug, the very personifica tion of goodwill to man. Ma stood baok in the sitting-room, where the professor couldn't see her, and made frantic motions to catch bis eye; and when at last she succeeded what did the dear old pa do ? In stead of taking tho hint aud excusing himself he junt stopped abruptly what he was saying, : and turning upon ma a beaming smile asked her what she wanted. Of course ma bad to go into tho parlour then and tell pa to bring bis company out into the sitting-room, There was a smile around the professor's moustache all the rest of the even- ing, and he lookod at me once and winked. Fa liked him very much, and he sat and talked till 11 o'clock. He told pa he ought to send me to the town school, 'cause I wus a bright one. Ho came to our house lots of times after that, and as soon as Alvira was through school he marriod ber ; but my ! you uever could mako Alvira believe Bud and X made that match ; abe thinks the professor fell iu love with her. Just imagine a man falling in love with any girl after seeing her with a lot of crimping pins ou her head 1 Alvira is the most doluded creature ! We showed the professor where the Indian mound was; he never oould have guessed. They dug through one side of it when they made the celery cellar, so all he had to do was to go inside of the cellar and dig straight out in a certoiu place, and there was the heart of the mound. We found our beads right on the obllar wall, nnd we didn't know it was a mound till I thought oi it. The professor dug right in with a shovel and bis hands. The idea of put ting your hands in such a mess ! You'd uever CAtch me doing It ! 