"WHAT IS YOUR HOPE?" BY REV. J. C. PYLE, BISHOP OF LIVERPOOL. "Good Hope through Grace 2 These. ii., 20. I hope" is a very common expression. Every one can say " I hope." On no subject is the expression used to commonly as it is about religion. Nothing is more frequent than to hear men turn off some home-thrust at conscience by this convenient form of words I hope." "I hope it will be all right at last." " I hope I shall be a better man some day." "I hope we shall all get to heaven." But why do they hope? On what is their hope built? Too often they cannot tell you. Too often it is a mere excuse for avoiding a disagreeable subject. " Hoping." they live on. "Hoping," they grow old. Hoping," they die at last, and find too late that they are lost for ever in hell. I ask your serious attention to this subject. It is one of the deepest importance. I " We are saved by hope." Let us then make sure that our hope is sound. Have you a hope that your sins are pardoned? Your heart renewed, and your soul at peace with God? Then see to it that your hope is good and one that maketh not ashamed." Consider your ways Shrink not from honest searching inquiry into the condition of your soul. If your hope is good, examination will do it no harm. If it is bad, it is high time to know it, and seek a better. If your hope is sound you ought to be able to turn to some text, or fact or doctrine of God's word, as the source of it. Your confidence must arise from something God has said in His word, and that your heart has received and believed. It is not enough to have good feelings about the state of our souls. We may flatter ourselves that all is right, and that we are going to Heaven when we die, and yet have no ground of confidence to show but mere fancy and imagination. " The heart is deceitful above all things." "He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool." I have often heard dying people say, that they felt quite happy and ready to go," that "they felt as if they craved nothing in this world." And all the time I have remarked that they were profoundly ignorant of scripture, and seemed unable to lay firm hold on a single truth of the Gospel. I can never feel comfort about such people. There is something wrong in their condition. Good feelings without scripture do not make a good hope. It is not enough to have the good opinion of others about the state of our souls. We may be told on our deathbeds to " keep up our spirits," and not be afraid. We may be reminded that we have lived good lives, and had a good heart, and never done anybody harm, and not been so bad as many. And all this time our friends may not bring forward a word of scripture, and may be feed- ing us on poison. But friends are " miser- able comforters." However well meaning, they are downright enemies to our souls. Baader, beware of a hope not drawn from Scripture. It is a false hope, and so many will find out to their cost. That glorious and perfect Book-the Bible-however, men despise it, is the only fountain out of which man's soul can derive peace. Many sneer at the old Book when living, who find their need of it when dying. The Queen in her palace, and the pauper in the work-house, the philosopher in his study, and the child in the cottage, must all be content to seek living water from the Bible, if they are to hope at all. Honour your Bible, read your Bible, stick to your Bible. There is not on earth a scrap of solid hope for the other side of the grave, which is not drawn out of the Word The man who has a good hope found all his expectations of pardon and glory on the mediation of Jesus, the Son of God. He knows his own sinfulness. He feels that he is guilty, wicked, and lost by nature. But he sees forgiveness and peace with God offered freely to him through faith in Christ. He accepts the offer. He casts himself with all his sins on Jesus, and rests on him. Jesus and His atonement on the Cross. Jesus and His finished work. Jesus and His all prevailing intercession Jesus and Jesus only is the foundation of the confidence of his" soul. Church membership is no foundation ship of hope. We may belong to the best of churches, and yet never belong to Christ. We may all our sat regularly every Sunday, and hear the sermons of orthodox - ordained clergy- men, and yet never bear the voice of Jesus, or follow Him. If we have nothing better than church membership to rest upon, we are in a poor plight. We have nothing solid beneath our feet. Reception of the sacraments is no foundation of hope. We may be washed in the waters of baptism, and yet know nothing of the water of life. We may go to the Lord's table every Sunday of our lives, and yet never eat Christ's body and drink Christ's blood by faith. Miserable, indeed, is our condition, if we can say nothing more than this-we are leaning on a reed There are some who fancy they have a good hope, because they I like bearing the Gospel. They are fond of hearing good sermons. They will go miles to listen to some favourite preacher. They will even weep, and be much affected by his words. To see them in church one would think, " surely ' these are disciples of Christ, surely these are excellent Christians " And yet these very people can plunge into every folly and gaiety of the world. Night after night they can go with their whole heart to the opera, the theatre, or the ball. They are to be seen on the racecourse ; they are forward in every worldly revel. Their "voice" on Sunday is the voice of Jacob" but their hands on week days are the hands of Esau." Have these people a good home? I dare not say so. The friendship of the world is enmity with God." The hope that does not prevent conformity to the world, is no hope at all " Whosoever is born of God, overcometh the world." Reader! There ought to be no trifling. What is your hope about your soul? Another world will soon begin trade, politics, money, lands, cottages, eating, drinking, dressing, reading, bunting, shooting, drawing dancing, working, feasting, will soon be at an and for ever. There will majun nothing but a heaven for some and a hell for others. What is your hope about your soul? Beware, also, of any hope which does not exercise a sanctifying influence over your heart, life, tastes, conduct, and conversation. It is a hope that never came down from heaven, It is more base metal, and counterfeit coin It needs the mint stamp of the Holy Ghost, and will never pass current in heaven. The rain that has a real bone, no doubt maybe overtaken by a fault. He may stumble occasionally in his practice, and be drawn aside from the right path for a while. But the man that can allow himself in the wilful and habitual breach of God's law, is rotten at heart. He may talk of his hope as much as he pleases, but be has none in reality. His religion is a joy to the devil, a stumbling- block to the world, a sorrow to true Christians, and an offence to God. Christ himself is the only foundation of a good hope. He is the rock. His work is perfect. He is the stone, the same stone, the tried corner-stone. He is able to bear all the weight we can lay on Him. He that believeth on him shall not be confounded. There are five marks of a good hope. 1. It is a hope that man can explain. 2. It is a hope drawn from the Scriptures. 3. It is a hope that is founded on Christ. 4. It is a hope that is felt within the heart. 5 It is a i hope that is manifested in the life. Such, I firmly believe, is the hope of all true I Christians, of every name, and church, and denomination, and people and tongue. Such is the hope you must have, if you mean to go to heaven. My question now is, "What is your own hope about your notes j soul ?" I do not ask this out of idle curiosity. I ask it as an ambassador for Christ, and a friend to your best interests. I do not want to know whether you go to church or chapel. There will be no account of these differences in heaven. This is beside the mark. The point I want you to look at it is. "What is your hope about your soul of It matters nothing what your relations think, nor what the rest of the parish or town approve. The account of God will not be taken by towns, or by parishes or by families. Each must stand forth separately and answer for himself. " Everyone of us shall give account of himself to God." A {[oodhopeiB within the reach of every man, if he is only willing to seek it It may be freely obtained without money, and without price The Lord Jesus is able to give a good hope to all who really want it. He is sealed and appointed by the Father, to give the bread of life to all that hunger, and the water of life to all who thirst." " It pleased the Father that in Him should all fulness dwell." in Him there, is pardon and peace with God, bought by the precious blood which he shed upon the cross. In Him there is joy and peace for any believer, and a solid, well grounded expectation of good things to come. In Him there is rest for the weary, refuge for the fearful, a fountain for the unclean, medicine for the sick, bearing for the broken hearted, and hope for the lost Whosoever feels labouring and heavy laden with sing; whosoever fools anxious and distressed about his soul ; whosoever feels afraid of death and unfit to die; whosoever be is, let him go to Christ. Seek hope from Christ, and you shall find it. Seek it honestly, and with no secret reserve. The ruin of many is that they are not fair and straightforward. They say they " want to be saved," they do " look to Christ," and yet in the chamber of their own heart their lies some darling sin to which they privately cling, and are resolved not to give up. They are like Augustine, who said Lord, convert me, but not now." Seek it in humble prayer. Pour out your i heart before Jesus. Tell Him the wants of your soul Do as you would have done had you lived in Galilee 1,800 years ago, and had a leprosy. Go direct to Christ, and lay before Him your cares. Tell him you are a poor, sinful cr sure, but that you have heard He is a gracious Saviour, and that you come to Him for hope for your soul. Tell Him you have nothing to say for yourself no excuse to make nothing of your own to plead, but you have heard that He receives sinners, and M such you come to Him. - 