THE NOVELIST. FAILME OF SIBYL FLETCHER. Bt ADELINE SERGEANT.* Chapter VIII. success. Sibyl did not go to the station in the dog cart with Michael as driver in the way that Bhe had come to Ashdale. She traversed the intervening three miles decorously in a hired fly from the Green Dragon. There was no need, therefore, to observe silence with respect to money matters; the flyman was quite ready to receive his fare and a shilling besides. "It is a comfort not to have to deal with a decayed gentleman," said Sibyl to herself, half pettishlj*. Then she laughed aloud; for there seemed something truly absurd in thinking of Michael Drage as "decayed" in any way. "A poor gentle man—a gentleman who has come down in the world"—such were the phrases that Sibyl ran over in her mind ; " but still a ' gentleman in heart and soul, and therefore worthy of respect." She made a mental list of the men whom she bad known in London and tried to compare Michael with them; bat it was a difficult thing to do, and at last she gave up the attempt. " I shall think him very uncouth and un mannerly when I have stppped into the old grooves again,"she said to herself." Of course the men one knows in London are infinitely his superior." But did she really think so? The valley looked very lovdy as Bhe left it behind. The trees were ablaze with scarlet and yellow and sunset brown, the cornfields lav bare and golden in the sunlight, the purple of the hills was vivid and yet softened by an October haze. Autumn was nearly 'over, and there was a faint chill in the air, which had an invigorating effect; and as Sibyl drew her cloak more closely about her, she was conscious of spirit and energy which had not been hers in the sunny days ot early summer when she first set foot in Ash dale. Her flat was still tenanted, and she did not want to stay at the houses of friends. She had therefore written for rooms to a respectable woman who let lodgings in Kensington; and she knew that they would be ready ■ for her when she arrived in town. (She had also written to her agent and to one " Abe right of publishing this work bos been pur based by. to* proprietors of The Australasian. or two acquaintances, and she had sent a commission to a frame-maker, so as to shorten her business in London as much as possible ; and, in spite of a painful shrinking from the sight of old faces which now and then assailed her, she looked forward to the visit with some eagerness. At any rate, she would soon hear whether her art had degenerated or improved. The rooms in Kensington—not far from the High-street—were small, but clean and prettily furnished. It was a pity that, in Sibyl's opinion at least, they were so close and stuffy. She threw all the windows open as soon as she arrived, but without any great improvement; and she was not astonished to hear that Londoners were complaining of the heat of the past summer, and longing for cool airs and for rain. Sibyl thought, with a smile at the thought, of the long hours she had passed in grove or meadow, while all London lay sweltering in the summer heat; she thought of the cool shadows of the trees, the tinkling of running water, the tranquil lity of evening Bkies. And the close streets looked to her unutterably poor and Bordid and miserable. " I wonder why I came ?"' she said with a sigh, 08 she laid her bead npon the pillow and tried to sleep. But in the morning things looked a little brighter. She had a letter or two from friends, an invitation to dinner, a card for a private view, a note from her agent, eolemnly appointing an honr at which he hoped to have the honour of calling upon her. The hour was twelve o'clock, and Sibyl spent the time between breakfast and noon in unpack ing her sketches and arranging them in ad vantageous positions for her critic's eye. In the London atmosphere, she thought they looked false and meretricious; she waited nervously for Mr. Barry's opinion. He would tell her at least whether they would sell. She had never known him to be wrong in a matter of that kind. Mr. Barry filled a good many parts in the artistic world. He bad a small gallery of his own in Bond-street* for the works of " living artists." These works be sold for the artists on commission, and he also bought pictnres rather largely in order to sell them again for hiB own benefit. He was considered a very good judge, and his advice was largely sought, by buyers and sellers alike. He had spoken rather superciliously to Sibyl of her later work before she leit London, and she felt some anxiety as to what he would say to it now. He came punctually at twelve—he was always punctual. He was a round, short, skinny little man, .with black beads for eyes, and oily-looking black hair. Possibly be w'ns Jewish by birth, but he never claimed kinship with Jews, and was observed to avoid their society. " Well, Miss Fletcher, and how goes the world with you, Miss Fletcher ?" he inquired, cheerily. " Ob, pretty well, I think, thank you, Mr. Barry. Won't you sit down, and have a chat ?" She knew . that he liked to ignore oil mention of business at the beginning of an interview. It pleased him to feel lor a few minutes as if he were making an ordinary call. "Ah, thank you—thank you, Miss Fletcher. And where have you been spend ing the summer, now, Miss Fletcher. Where have you been hiding yourself away ?" The expression was unfortunate, and Sibyl's face flushed a little, but she answered, unconcernedly— " I have been in a Jittle village in the heart of Derbyshire—the place where Harry Connell was sketching a summer or two ago—Ashdale. You bought one of the pictures of Ashdale Church, I remember." " Ay, ay, eo I did. What a memory yon have, M'isb Fletcher. Pretty sketch, too, I remember. I parted with it afterwards to Clement Atherley. Let's see, you knew bim, didn't you? He wanted it for his new house. Pretty little wife he's got, hasn't he?" " Very pretty," said Sibyl. She scorned to show any emotion. " Oh—why, let me see ; 1 declare I've put my foot in it, as usual. Vou were engaged to Clement Atherley yourself, weren't you ? Then you won't like heuring about his wife, eh, Miss Fletcher ?"—with an odious jocularity. "Very much admired, too, Mrs. Atherley is." "It does not matter in the least," said Sibyl, coldly. " I am very glad to hear that she is admired. I have been making some sketches that you would perhapB like to see, Mr. Barry." It was the one sign she gave of annoy ance. Mr. Barry did not care about being asked to look at them in that busi ness-like way. He gave a slight grunt of dissatisfaction as he rose to glance at the sketches; and Sibyl knew that he would give an adverse opinion if he could. She waited, but no opinion came. Mr. Barry grunted again, snuffed, passed from. • one - to another without remark. When he sjsoke, bis. comments were iu dedisive.' " Hm,!—good. Bubject-r-slight,' perhaps— atmosphere, -perspective,' tone—hm, hm ! You've altered your style, Miss Fletcher, eh ?" " Have I ?" Baid Sibyl, looking at the sketches. " I did not know." " Yery much altered. Staying in the country did it, eh ?" " I don't know. Do you like it as well as the old style ?" " Better," said Mr. Barry, with emphasis. " You've got on. You've got on." " 1 am glad to hear it." "1 did not think you had it in you," said Mr. Barry, loobingat the sketches with his little black eyes twinkling. " I thought you'd gone as far as you ever would go—that, in short, you were tailing off. It is the case sometimes that an artist does fall off con siderably if he doesn't take a new line. You've saved yourself. It was just touch and go with you laBt Bpring. But you'll do now in this new line of yours." lie had left off his tiresome repetition of her name. This was a good sign. It meant that he was thinking of the subject in hand, instead of being polite. " There's a good bit," he said, holding out one of the landscapes between bis finger and thumb as far'as he could, and blinking at it with both eyes. " It'B the atmospheric effect you seem to have been thinking of, and you've caught it. Those pearly tints, by Jove!" He laid it down suddenly, and looked at her as if he had never seen her before, and wanted to know what she was like. " By Jove1" he repeated, using the old-fashioned exclamation in a way which showed that he was really moved and astonished. " How did you manage to do it, Miss Fletcher, eh ?' She laughed, and was gratified, not offended, by his naive surprise. " If you think they are pretty good, Mr. Barry, I hope you will help me to dispose of them properly," she said. " Help you ? Of course I will. I'd like one or two for my gallery, but picture selling ain't what it was," and Mr. Barry shook bis head! dismally. He had remembered his part; he was no longer the art-critic aud admirer, but the cautious agent and purchaser on com mission. This made a difference in his attitude; but even while he scowled and haggled, and even sneered at Sibyl's views, in his customary fashion, she could see that his eyes were twinkling with satisfaction, and she felt pretty certain that he would sing the praises of her pictures far and wide. He offered her terms "with which she was well content, and when he left her she was comfortably aware that she was on the high road to (moderate) fame and fortune, which she was by no means inclined to despise. It was with a mild sense of exhilaration that Bhe paid some calls in the course of the after noon, and, after a modest dinner at home, dressed herself for a large evening party to which she had received an invitation. It was early for large parties. November was just beginning, and a great many people were still out of town ; but this was not a fashionable party. It was an assemblage of musical, and literary, and artistic folk—just one of the parties that in old times Sibyl used to enjoy, and which she expected to enjoy now as much as ever; for the remembrance of Clement Atherley was deadened, and she put Ashdale out ot her mind (where, however, the dark face of Michael Drage hovered like a reproachlul ghost). She was determined to taste once more the old London life which ehe had once found so delightful, and she rather hoped to find it evfcn more delightful than of old. She looked doubtfully at her dress before ehe put it on. It was an old one, and she wondered whether it would be out of fashion, but she had no other evening dress at hand. If was a very simple dress, long and sweeping, of some gauzy black stuff, intermingled with- very delicate iace. She always wore gold ornaments With tbiB drPBB. She had some antique Indian chains and fila gree trifles which " went" with it, and which she liked. To-night, looking at herself in the glass, she felt as if she wanted something more. A touch of colour was needed ; some thing to match the flame of some new feeling in her heart. She turned to a vase of flowers, and drew out some chrysanthenioms which she laid upon her bosom. Yes. Those were the right thing; they gave the brilliance that she wanted. She looked at herseif in the glass, and knew, with a rising of surprise, that she looked well. Where were the hollow eyes, the drawn lips, of earlier days t ha8' May she had been worn, faded, old; she was years younger now, with the clear faint bloom of health upon her face, and a new bright ness in her eyes. ■ She smiled as she drew on her gloves before the glass. "After all, I am not so very old," she said. The rooms were crowded, and Sibyl met ft dozen acquaintances, one after another, be fore she bad been there five minutes. Two or three of them exclaimed at once upon her altered appearance. "How well you look! Yon must have been in the country—01 abroad f but for the moBt part, her friends greeted bet as if she bad met them yesterday, andaeemed oblivious of,the fact that she had been more than six, mpnthsaweyfrom town " Oh, I thought I hadn't Been you about quite lately," one of .them remarked, when Bhe ad verted to this fact. It showed Sibyl how easy it was to drop out of the old society: bov little she would be missed ! She met 110 on< who cared to meet her again—so she said tc herself; there was plenty of carelesB, kindlj liking, but no personal love. "Who would be sorry for me if I died?" thought Sibyl, while the gay talk buzzed in her ears, and the light! danced before her eyes. The mention of her name roused her from t momentary reverie. Miss Sherwin was stand ing near, but with her back to Sibyl, and wat holding forth to a little circle of amused listeners. "Oh, yes, that's what Barry said. Sibyl Fletcher's going to make a big name for her self! Met him this afternoon and he was full of her." " I'm glad to hear it," said a kindly voioe. " I always liked Sibyl Fletcher." " Oh, so do I," said Miss Sherwin glibly, "but her pictures—rather too thin, you know! Quite played opt. She was doing wretched work last spring. Well, Barry has seen her pictures she's brought back from the country, and he says they are charming— but we all know what Barry is." " How do you mean ?" " Of course he haB a commission on the sales," said Miss Sherwin, sinking her voice a little j " so he's bound to puff them, you know." There was a ripple of laughter, and the group moved away, while Sibyl knitted her brows, and wished that she had not heard. She could not help stiffening in manner when Miss Sherwin suddenly discovered her pre sence, and swooped down upon her, with compliments and congratulations. " Oh, my dear, so you've come back to us. lfow well you look ! And your pictures, Buch a success I hear, so charming! I am quite looking forward to'seeing them." " I am afraid you have only heard Mr. Barry's account of them," said Sibyl, with a smile. " But he has not got a commission on all of them, yon know." Miss Sherwin took the blow very well. " Oil, you wicked creature ! You must have heard something I said!" she exclaimed. " Well, I can forgive you anything when you look so nice. hat lovely gold ornaments 1 ^ ou look better than ever, and people have been saying that you meant to renounce the world, and all sorts of nonsense !" " I have taken no vows," said Sibyl. " I should think not. Nor are you likely to take any, except, perhaps, marriage vows, eh?' said Miss Sherwin with a chuckle. Sibyl thought her inexpressibly vulgar. Had she grown more so, or was she always like this ? Her Bcarlet dress, cut terribly low on her shoulders, her clinking showy bracelets, her mountain of elaborately-dressed hair, jarred upon Sibyl's taste. She wanted to move aside, but the lady journalist was not quite ready to let her go. She wanted a paragraph for her next " London letter." "Now, tell me, where have you been stay ing ?" Very reluctantly, Sibyl confessed. " What a delightful thing to do! And are you going back there ? I shall come after you and pay you a visit one day. All village people, I suppose. And you live at the village inn? How quite too delightfully charming! And it has done you good, too. I never saw you looking so well." "Oh, yes, lam quite well, thank yon,"said Sibyl coldly. " So glad tp see you don't break your heart over that wretch, Clement Atherley," said Miss Sherwin, in a loud whisper. "Have you seen his book ? He has just published a collection of short stories—very poor, some of them, I think. They say he got three hundred pounds down for it, but I can't be lieve it, can you ?" "I don't know, I am sure." "Of course he says so; but people will say anything. Look, there he is, with his wife." Sibyl shrank a little; she had not expected to see Clement Atherley. Her eyes distin guished him at once: lie looked languid, bored, even a little out of temper. And surely he was paler and slenderer than he used to be? She was half indignant with herself for finding him insignificant. "Hasn't his wife gone off? She is not nearly so pretty as she was," said Miss Sherwin at her elliow. "Why, she looks olr.er than you, Sibj J—hut then you look as if you had taken a new lease of life Well, good-bye, I daresay I shall meet you some where else before long." She left Sibyl's side, and went about the room with the uir of interviewing everyone to whom she spoke. Sibyl was glad to be rid of her. She was making her way to the door when She came full upon Mr. Atherley, whom she had meant sedulously to avoid. She would have bowed and passed on, but, to her sur prise, he held out his hand— "Sibyl!" She looked at him gravel}'. He had no right to call her by that name, and he saw his mistake at cnce. . "1 beg your pardon," he muttered, blunder ing us men do when they make a mistake of that kind. " 1 was taken by surprise. I did not know you were in town, Miss Fletcher." He seemed to utter the title with an effort. ' 1 am in town for a few days. I am jnst 80'og. Good evening," said Sibyl, conscious that she was watched by more than one pair of malicious eyeB. "Let me see you to your carriage." And as she could not well refuse, she went down stairs with her fingers resting on his arm, and a crowd of conflicting emotions in her heart. . ,.n£. not ask you how you are; you look well, he said. Sibyl 8* am very we"' thank you," said P09e?"U kftve heen the country, I sup "Yes." hJlbat waa 8"' The hansom which had nil snmmoned arrived at that moment, ''e,M.her into it with somewhat ,1:^® an® officious care. Sibyl could have w,th ^ Sl»e thought it had taste anil1,8„spart to pome forward at that moment, aliraiv kVe a handle foP ill-natured gossip W P?81 engagement to him. But she and ^ r aPPearanoe of seriouB calm, and seemed perfectly unmoved. drivkil at the last moment—just as she was of i <»ught a glimpse, a gleam, on /iff ® knew in the orowd of spectators wa^da thPJtVe?ent- S,he told herself after and vpf at 8« mn?t have been mistaken— through kEew£ by 4Ae thrin that passed her hear? «nd y.k iu-dden SU8h of b,ood t0 her nefvL vk the shiver of expectation in lwi "l| 