...P Fgblished ev ry Thurreday. ' Labor Omnvi?a Pacit d THURSDAY, JUNE 4Tu. ":NOTES A?ND COMMENTS. I -A w? to itC*o go -we :commented.j o, the fot -f the use our ~eaterves Pei ep .t ?d -utanced: the Vitpe?k. a nidi.4nts?? rticl ti- taiting that,?`t' -. Sndav ie was givc ibi'er tb,?d? ol't Io youths who indulged in football,: . cricket, pjtch and toss,i &c;, hopihng ! jhat .the.notice of the police would be drawn to it; But so far such has not been the case, although orild of our .M.'aP. said he woiild see the proper authorities about 'tlie .nuisance . It has eveni grown worse since respectable' females being insulted and pelted as 'they pass the, elofisre in question, and the gangs, emboldened no doubt by their right as "sons of ratepayers" actually stoned the caretaker out of ,t e reserive for. iifterefering in their pastimes. Surely such things ought t-t toibe, snit thS sooner an example i" made' of one of the.:"sons of .rite-. .pa, crp r "the better for pedestrians and also the park buildings which are suffering :bidly ,by the rough' usaige meted out to them. , In spite ofour: would-be- detraotors, iiot ly at hore. in the old country but?iven here in Australia, our butter .hipped to -England last year, has Atood the test :of ten months' storage rithout being affected in tihe least, the analyst declaring it had not deterior hted one iota. Of course there are :fhose who would not stop at adulter sting our products such as butter, and honey, by mixing foreign and cheap matters with -them, so as to enrich themselves with a greater profit at our ,exl]bne.- Our possibilities .are enor -mous as exporters,.and although the shlipipping of.perishable goods such- as beef, mutton,' butter, hoiey, poultry' &.c, is only in its infancy, we are 'clieered by the cable news to the effect .that the severe test. applied to the butter has turned :out' "·"most satis factory." .. ,nA correspondhnt writing to us from West Australia gives a very gloomy account of the city of Perth as a t habitable place, deploring the sanitary t :arrangements altogether; states there are no drains ; no rubbish. carts to take away your refuse, but dirt and said all- around you. All' your slops, r your- water after washing, in fact everythinigliquid is merely thrown out. uLtotbhe yard and there soaks into the s, Md... ,q? f}qi ritgqr,goes.on :to say the place is 1100 yeats behind Melbourne, i dlP'inis esupby giving it the nanime oY:thdilandjfi ' sand, sorrow, and sore b~s:" Thqr "iiVagabond" writing of the'"si'ie place goes one better and calls it:the land of.'; sud, sorrow, sore eyes, hid shilling. drinks" and adds, the s' streets are nothing'but "dust, dirt, and desolation." A pair of inmpudent rogue -named aGOedrge Tiumpsoi alias' Orawford and Hugh Rouan were before..the-Fitzroy \- court" on Modnay" oini a chairg bf stealing a pair of boots valned at 6s. 6d. On the 'evening of May 26th;~ the prisoners walked into the boot ~shop of MLrs. E. Cattech of Johnston-street, and p "imipson:asked .to be supplied with a pair of boots;.- After trying on several pairs lie at:last selected a pair. Whilst '1Irs. Cattech's back was turned, the prisoners ran out of the shop withthe. Sboots. A-Mrs. Hawkins who happened to ber:piibgi the shop'. at'thiiie&~h~e ? *in pursu'it' and captired Rowan and handedhimovertoConstable M'Gowan. 'Later on the same evening M'Gowan arrested Timnipson and subsequently f?urid the-stolen boots iii a'cupboard in the house occupied by Rowan. As there were several prior convictions against Timpson he was sent to gaol Sfor. three mnontht and Rowan being ai first offender he-Was'let 'off with one month, The bench complimented Mr. Hawkins for the part he had taken in Lrining thie effenders to justied. Young meirbe careful. You whom wold ape the'youfug woman byp-artiig jyour hair in the middle, listen to what the convict Butler, who is now under arrest said, when asked why he selected j hmen with their hair parted in the ? .le;:- "I chose them purposely;. .? ~fanever known a man with his . erei d inre4ithermiddle whowas not edinded plan." #_nd a jury of " iilouri?de.enthusiasm attended the reception of' the new leadets' of the Salvation army id Am?erica.- Over 500 officers and several thousand persons rallied'round .the new leaders and 'displayed great loyalty, showing that I 'the retirement of Coinmandmeht Booth i hid not `ihaken their faith in the; iendbl on the principles of .the Armnyl -It's not all gold that glitters' even in Perth, and dame fortune has,'not ii smoiles for all, alike as the following ii will show i- New insolvent Cyril _ Taylor, : company imanager,:Liabilitieel o £10907, asets 1Os .deficiency I006o , 10\. 4 7 To those whom it, may. concern etc d Iow.tb the winter nights are coming on, and ihe practical joker is working himselfgup to produce something start-. ing in the shape of ghosts;-spring-heel-. jacks, clt, we would ~place before him the case of a South Australian :ghost. ,who paid dearly for his nocturnrl freaki and ireceived a hiding into the bargain.: A ipan named Rudd enveloped in a. I white sheet emerged from the Wesleyan 3 Cemeterv, and in- a " voice-ttat wakes- n the dead, and bids the sleeper rise" t demanded the body of one Thomas t .Meddal, who naively. replied,. Here a I am," and suiting the action to the I word, went for the " ghost " with a s" c.-and subsequently met the ap paritiorinin'tb'e-flesh at the police court, and had -thei pleasuie of seeing the would-be i iedium "' swell the coffers of? . ' trea~tiry ' to the tue of £4 5s. The brtlttI It police require an. oiirset. fftthe'fo1T i articles. A -crik&1 bl o wnhp ip . inscribed Ca?itbii W~ eleyii hC. C.i'eniited to F. Durston by E. P. Snithurst for the best bowling average in 2nd eleven se~sonh 1883-84. Also a lady's gold chain -rope pattern with bell pendent -ittaclied and a `single bar gold brooch with two water lilly lines on top. The. above property was found on a noted theif named Daniel Connelll. when arrested by Constable Reidy on a charge of larceny.. A soinewhat peculiar interpleader case was heard in the Fitzroy court on Monday. On May 4th., Richard King t obtained judgment at the District Court against Andrew Finley- for £5 for Smoney lent. When Constable Wood yett levied under a warrant of distress on Finley's household goods they were t claimed by Tiimothy Hegartiy a well: known pugilist Whq produced--a- sale e note showing that -he had purchased Sthe goods from-Finley oh'January last' d for £6 5s. but had not removed them from.Finley's house. Hegarty admitted that since lie bouglht the furniiture from e Finley he had obtained similar articles on time payment from A. Nathan. As the judgment creditor was unable to prove that the sale by Finley to Hegarty was a bogus one the heqch i ordered the goods to be given' up' to Y Hegarty.. r Whilst the Werribeejetty was under e discussion at the meeting of the Colling wood council on Monday, Cr. Cody, when speaking of the variety 'of e produces grown on the sewerage farm, r- said :"Yes, and what is more they grow their own wine and: eggs there." This threw his brother councillors into r convulsions of laughter. d The much-talked-of annual distribun P tion of prizes in conniection with Boyle h and Scotts cricket competition came off last Thursday evening,' at the Hotel. Metropole. Junior cricket, was "thor r- 6ughly represenited, and a most e enjoyable evening was spent. Speech t making, singing, &c.;, with any amount of refreshments coupled with the F' presenting of trophies helped to pass :e away the time. 4"`Nin': Batchelor, the ot energetic secretary of the competition was the " lion " of the evening, and te many complimentary remarks - were s- passed on him during the evening," he having been connected with the cam petitioi for the last 17 years.. The Richmond City carried off the cup, and the Capulets obtained second prize as n runners-up.' Various other prizes were handed over for highest bowling, a highest batting, and highest inidividual scores. e Williamn G. Raven, undertaker, .227. e Smithstreet, Fitzroy, reports stolen d fromhis buggy in Smith-stree., oni the s, 25th inst. , a leather buggy-rng, lined :t with imitation tiger skin, two rings in Lt centre. Value £2. a A very sudden affair took place in the Free Methodist Churclh,. Hoddle a'street, Collingwood, on Sunday evening e last.: The preacher,.Mr. Allan Hurst, ;f in the middle of his discourse, suddenly Is took a fit and fell to the floor, causing , great consternation to the worshippers .e assembled.- He was at once picked up , and conveyed to the Melbourne Hos pital, and despite thle attention paid him, he neverpregained consciousnessi d. and died the next day. (MIonday) at d at half past twelve. A post moi'tmn y examination was held and which proved ,f that deathi was'due to apoplexy. De h. ceased was 55 years of age and resided .e at Somerville-road, Footscray. d An air bf respectability pervades the a atmosphere of the suburbs at the 1 present time, arid there is quite a it dearthl of police items, and our re e porters ire-iat a loss for news. " More e copy i'" is ihe cry of the slavey's: in the d com~osing.roonm, but the. response..is Svery:feeble. ".Thiini are awfully quiet, d nothing stirring at all" says our venerable. recorder, -" not -a par to- be Spicked up anywhlere." y We notice by this mornings'scable d news that'the works committee of the a Paddington Vestry, has strongly- re s commended the use of Australian I hardwood blocks for 'street paving in Sthe parish. \- The Collingwood council at their a last meeting had a .request laid before. them from the Exhibition committee, asking for an extension of time so as to 0 keep the show open, representing that 5 the attendance still continued up .to t the mark,"and the finances werei still r increasing. 'This would. nkcessitate i the Australian Natives who hadengaged Sthe hall,. postponing their Annual. ; This they agreed to do, andso the 5 council acceded to the request of the t committee, and the exhibition will be :open for nine day's longer. On Friday -an excuisidn train Ieeaves Ballirat, 'returnimg us a visit paid some time back. Sarah Ann Biush, servant, Strath , Sbogie West, reports stolen from her in I Smith Sti-eit, Collingwood;on the 27th Sinst.,? a leather purse, clasp fastening, Stwo compartments, containing 12s. 6d.; Sa 2nd-class return railway ticket, from ,l Melbourne to Euroa:.and a receipt, A-.the present time when firewood is so dear and; he hosewife is. skimp ing and scrapiiig to make :both ends .meet,2it is more than hard to be cheated out'ofyour legitimste:weight, and the b?nch. are to be ::~prawensl4. in the tafnd "'b y are: ~siinds?, to -protect hioaideoiaers ., Wm..e Jobson, firewood deileri ?f. Wejlingtt-*rtet,- .Coiling wiod wh?'icharged - Tditsdiy .it the Oollingwood court, by Inspector~Boase, of the Weights: and -Measures Union, witl having a ifalsq steel yard.-ia his possession. obsontwas fined £ . with oa costs, and theasOales were confiscated. SThomas Dnga.i .late licensee of the Rose 'of -Melbourn& Hotel, corner of -Young -and "iannover:stioets, pleaded guilty to having falsely applied the trade mark of John Dle Kayper and Son to a bottle containing inferior gin which which? was. 16.9.,under -proof. The de fendant pleaded guilty and was fined 20s. with 21s. costs. 