A SCHEME THAT WeORKEDIL -0-. Fred Burgdess vw'as a young fellor oftwenty f6iir, an?;.after the fashion of yeangsters of that namber- of years, he was: dsperately in Th -yoeng woman who had led him, captive was four years. his junior ; pretty popular, and' poor,. and just coquettish enough; to keep Freddy on the ragged edge most of the time \--a not unusual- chracteristic- of young women under similar conditions. In addition to this, he had an idea the girl loved him, or, rather, permitted him to rove her, because his father was very rich, and had promised Fredi a handsome sum- on his wedding day, To a girl asfond ofsociety as Harriet, Fred knew that money was an object, and, while he was ready to furnish the money to. a wife he did not wish to furnish the, money" for a wife-a nice distinction that some men with money sometimes.overlook. . Fred's father was a handsome widower- of forty-five and was more-elder brother than father-to the,boy, and their- comrad'eship', and: community of interests were- the subjects of many pleasantries. among their friends. 'How about the girl, Fred 4' asked the' father one day, .as they sat in the- library. ' Which girtl 7 smiled Fred. ' The best one, of course?" ' You mean Harriet T; Fred's face grew longer.. \- Well; "pop,' he said, familiarly,.F I don't know exactW,, and .I don't like to say what I think.' SOut with it, my boy,' urged the father; ' between. us'~we ought to be a match for any, ' Idon't want your to be a match 'for-this one,'ventured Fred. shyly. Mr Burgess. bowed his. acknowledgments. 'Permit me.to L ,~uac.L. .3sa?nd . .? Granted'r said' Fred; '.and K think we are, but yeu can't most always .tell:. :The father indicated some surprise, ' She isn't going;to ýf$the ~track, is. she-I' he asked. -No,: not that; she's2going.to. stayenand make the race, but I'm. afraid it'", entirely. for the purse that's up.' ' Oh, ho,' laughed the father; she'?making a shy at the shekels.is she,. --,. ' No, pop,' protested Fred-;' 'I:wou'dn't ifay that ; only I'm afraid she- might be.'- - M Mr Burgess became thoughtful,.and 6 red: was silent for some time. . .'.. :'' Frederick,. my chicken,' said he ;after.a while, 'laying his hand' on the young - inan's shoulder; ' I have a scheme;' and' he tapped' his dome "of': thought with mc~if p6isonal pride:... ' Where did you get it, papa T. asked. ?Fed, banteringly:;;' import it ' 'N No, my son; .I manufactured it right -here at` home'i again ,tapping. his forehead. Now yoe sit ?down ,and ilet' me tell you about it'' `:Wait till I: brace' myself, in order to re sist the shook;,' said Fred', seating himself' deep down:in a big easy chair`l Lat her go, pop, I'., ready'uand pop thereupos proceeded I to let' her- go . : Thre moaths later Mr Burgess aud -Fred were in .the library of the Burgess mansion once more, :Fed' having returned; only that day from a visit to some friends in England: ' Well, Father Burgess,"hesaid, :with un-:' usual.impatietee,' how did theseheme work 1T ' My boy, my. boy,' groaned Mr B. .Igubriously,' I'm not in sixty seconds.: ' Wouldn't it work l' asked Fre daima dis appointed tone. \- Let me tell the bharrowing tae,' and' Mr Burgess fixed himself comfortably. ' Al month after you left, in my coy:and diffident manner, I asked Miss Harriet one-day on the street if I .eooldn't. walk home with her. She was just too sweet for anything-Fred winced-and said it would charm her beyond expression. So I walked along with her, talking about you and other young men. Miss Harriet was enraptured to hear.what I said of you and of the other young ·men, andi then very demurely said she thought older men were so much nicer. . 'Then I was charmed, and when we reached her home she invited me t? call, with such winning grace, that I couldn't resist it,:and accepted the invitation :in my :::ery best style.' Fred got up and .tmt~rapedaro u .the library awhile. .; . - :: " '. Confound the woman,'· he said ' ;Did 'Didn't I go tr rponded the father'witt a semiwhoop. . 'I should say:I did, and until four days ago I didn't give one of those other young sters a ghost of a eh'anee. By the way, Fred, he added regretfully, it costs like tihe~ iis chief to court a girl right these days, doesn't itt I hadno idea it was such an expensive luxury.' suc ? expensive. Fred writhed in his chair. o i G'o on,' he said, almost'sternly. / ? :i.:i. h, I did go on,' laughed :thi fatiher ?and ahe encouraged me, t ;, .~id,/by Yeove%' young fellow. libecame so: ,interistl I. couldn't stop going on. at Fred looked at his father in amazement. AIf:this thing continued-he felt-thath some ,thing disagreeable would happen to hinm, but he said nothing ' Well,' resumed Mr Burgess, 'four days ago, at 8 p.m., I called for the four dozenth time, and my mind was made up to have that girl in the family, even if -I had to prove myself a traitor to dob it. Fred almost forgot himsel; but he exer cised all his powers of restraint . 'Said I,' continued MLr Borges, 'after I had beaten around the emotional bush for half an hoir, Mni a h arriet, you have be come very near and dear to me. "Yes Y she' smiled, I'm so glad.. "Thank'you,' said I, 'and now, without further preliminaries,. I want yeao to be my ,wife. r , Fred stood up, straight, and looked down. fiercely on his father.' ' Yes, said: that gentleman, as if Frecd were enjoying it, 'those .were the exact words.I used on that interesting occasion, and I used others, and kept on using them, but she only shook her pretty head. S"Just think,' said I,. coaxing my very best, 'how nice it would be for you to be Fred's. step-mother: r Now DMr Burgess,' she said in response to thist argnment, and. she smiled in a way that made me wanbtto grab her, 'don't youa think 'it would be ever so much nicer for me to.be Fred's , wife' ' Fred laughed hysterically,. and kicked: a unoffending ottoman, clear over thetable. 'Noqs I don't,? said I, trying to. take. her hand. ' Wel, I dob said she, dropping her smile" and getting firm.in the face,:'andthat is. where we differ to an extent that you, with all your money and good-'looks, and palavering and' experience,. cannot hope.to change in a m?il-. lion years. If tbese is any other relation to your family thati ' would prefer, above being Fred's wife,. it might be to. be your etep. mother just long enough to. give yeoa the spanking yom deserve for' trying to persuade me to.be disloyal-to, Frld, :while he: isn absent. and eannot 'see what is going on,.so.he' could) put a stop titi. Good evening, Mr-Burgess,' and with:these unkind remarks to-your de voted and loving old father, my boy, your dear Harriet flouted out of the room, andleft. me sitting there,; fepling, like- an idiot,. fbur stories tall, and as ltig around as a bmarn Fred jumpedup.and threw his.eams aroundl his father's-neck. 'Pop, old i boy,' be exclaimLed joyfully ' you'reea:trumpi' 'Yes.my boy,.' ] know it,"sighed Mr-Bur "gess.'but ' you?ve;'.tken the trick,. and I'Pm going .todeduct fromi your wedding present. what it cost me to-court that girl. while yom whereaway, ar?d I-wish you would tell her so with. m complimeiin?. M1 11 