'A MINGY SPREnE. Yer calls this a Harber Day spree? Well, ,I don't by long chalks, that's flat It's the meanest and hungriest idee That ever I lent a hand at. Us young 'uns by thousands were there, With bands for to make a big show; We suffered a speech from the Mare, And.planted the trees in a, row. Well, bands they is nice in their way, So's speeches and trees, but I think When kids are asked out for the day, They might have sum wittler and drink. But nary an orange or bun, Nor .bottle of cheap ginger beer; And they, calls that 'ere having sum fun? Well, their noshuns of fun's mighty 'queer. 'TwasIthe:hungriest show I e'er seed, Not even a lollie or cake; If that is the "Harbor Day" breed, I don't wan't another such fake. The Mare might have sprung a few quids, Or trotted around with the hat To buy a few 'buns for the kids; The folks would have shelled out quifte pat. A "Harbor Day" spree? Ah', get out Us kiddies don't want any more; At least till the're ready to shout A bun or some lollies, that's sure. Alderman Panton is not a great talker -he is better; he is a good Talkee, worker, after his own unos Talkee. tentatious fashion. Some of his brother Aldermen are the other way about, and, although electricity is now supposed to provide the luminant at our Town Hall, the civic atmosphere still remains heavily charged with gas. It was with a view of getting rid of this superfluous aeri form fluid that Alderman Panton on 'Mobday moved for a ten minutes limi 'tation to speechifying. For the sake of a long-suffering public I regret to record his motion had not the ghost of a show of passing. Alderman Jones seconded, but Alderman Barrett arose in his wrath and lashed out on "points of order" and "free discussion," while the majority of the other Councillors made it pretty well understood they were against any restrictiin as to the amount of oratorical gas they are to let off when once assembled in riotous con clave. In my humble way I have en deavoured to give poetic epression. to the sentiments of our leading civic authorities on the time limit question. ALDERMAN SUTTON. Ten minutes? Aspiring Sutton-No! When I this Council. choose to round up, That wouldn't eveh give me time eno'. To get upon the distant verge of. "wound up." ALDERMAN BARRETT. "Perdition catch my soul!" Ten min- utes' talking? Like old friend Sam., I'd not get near the border. "Aroint thee" Pants, free speech you would be balking. Ten minutes? 'Twould not serve to. raise one point of order. ALDERMAN WILSON. I talk to the Council, I talk to the' breeze; At talking a piece I'm the daddy-the. cheese. Though Abe's a fair daisy; in his shoes I'll be walking, If I can't pull his nose, why I'll lick him: at talking. CHORUS. Ail-"Gold! Gold! Gold!" Talk, talk, talk, we, love to hear fts jingle; Our talk, talk, talk, sure Panton would. not balk. Thl'lero's some would have us drop it,. But Painton, you can't stop it. The only recompense we have is talk- sweet talk. Alderman Storrer is a bit of a hunorist despite his none too When it hilarious can.lling. A bur Will End. gess, ia course of conver satlon one day this week, asked him when all this w'angling and turmoil In the City Council would cease. David pondered for a second or two, and then answered more in sorrow than in anger: "Never, i'm afraid-till some of them pass through my hands." I hold it most reprehensible on the part of the Treasurer, and a That majority of the House of £200. Assembly, to force upon the Premier that £200 "he does not want." Such conduct is un generous, especially to a. colleague whose sole, desire is to. po-se as a pure, unadulterated patriot. Sir Philip is probably jealous of the reputation Sir Edward has in certain (luartors, ac quired as a saviour of hils country with a soul above, £ s d, and aims at bring ing the Premier down to tihe sordid level of a paid legislator. How doth the noble minded Brad., All greed for "Iperis" disclaim; "He aimsi not at a sordid gaol," But gets there all the same. During the course of the Siemens dinner on. Saturday even I-He Cried ing, Premier Bra.ddon a.nd Peccavi. the member for North Esk interchanged compli ments for some time in "furrin' " lan guages. "11 aboio apresi tout ec monde," remarked Henry Isadore, to which the Premier replied: "Entre ]cs deux vins." Then, H. I. fired off "Revenons a nos moutons?' at Sir Ed ward', who returned( as a broadside "On prend le peuple parl les orellles, comme on falt un pot par les ansse," This was somewhat of a, staggeer for North Esk, for his stock of "languages" had given out suddenly. Determined, however, to have the last word, he ex claimed suddenly: "AJ ! Hallelulah ! Arrah-go-on'! Monsieur Brladdon," and Sir Edward, who is apparently unacquaninted with Sa.lvation Army claisics, had to confess himself unable to follow the thread of the hon. mem- her's argument any lonwer. Premier Braddon scored off the hon. Henry Isadore Joachim He was earlier in the evening. Thankful, In the opening portion of his address, Sir Edward remarked he was not going to say a word about federation,which drew from Mr. Rooke a fervent "Thank Heaven." "I am glad," Mlr. Chairman, continued the Premier, "to be the means of caus ing my honourable friend of North Esk for the first time in his life to thank Heaven for anything." They were a guileless young couple living in one of the Laun She ceston suburbs, and not Doctored long married. Edwin coi Him. tracted a, severe cold on his chest, ands Angelina undertook to doctor him. She accor dingly sought the advice of a friend, a lady of mature years, who told her the patient should have a linseed. plaster. Elaborate instructions were given as to how the plaster should be made and the amount of linseed to be used; then Angelina went home in full confidence that she had mastered the whole nar rangement completely. A few days afterwards the mature friend called to, ask how the plaster had acted, when Angelina explained that she had made "poor, dear Edwin" a beautiful one, but, "do you know," She added, "I had terrible work to induce the darling old stupid to swallow It for me." The air is already full of election rumours, some baseless, Election others Justifiable. In the Whispers. first place, Campbell Town Brown Is going to have opposition-served up hot and strong, and I am much mistaken if the Tasmanian Stanley,ere this year is out, does not find himself like the Pei outside instead of inside the Parlia mentary Paradise. It is said that "Brother George" has not given satis faction to the F'ingal electors, and efforts are being made to provide a better man, so why not Colonel Legge? There is some uncertainty about the Westbury seat, but the general impression is that should the old member stand he will be elected against all comers, not omitting the sanguine Squire of Claren don. The Knight of the Sugar Beet may be given a run for Evandale by the Captain, who is making himself popular in the district, but Von hag many friends, and the knowing ones say he will pull through all right, Brother Jonathan and the irrepressible( Norman bold will once more measure swords for Deloraine, and the betting( up to the present is slightly in favour of the sitting member.. Opposition is spoken of in the Selby and Ringarooma electorates, but nothing definite is known yet. Launceston will probably, return three of its old members, Messrs. Sutton, Hartnoll, and Barrett; while Deltiboratic Robert J. will no doubt, oust AllaniMdedonald, wbols regarded;: . br both sides as a political fallure, . _ 