[i.LL RIGHTS RESERVED.] NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. THE BETRAYAL OF JOHN FORDHAM \- rBY B. L. FARJEON, . Author of'-"'No. 119, Great Porter . Square," "Grif," "The March of Fate," .".For the.Defexce." "Aarojj the jEvf,ni,Etc. PART IY. CHAPTER XXXIV. , Paul Godfrey, Private Detective, Cos ti.ntes his Narrative. . Punctually at eight o'clock the following mdrning Wheeler presented, himself and under the seal of secresy I gave him a fairin sight into the Mystery. He was gieatlv ex cited, and said if I succeeded in bringing the truth to light I -was a made man. I was beginning to think,, so myself, but I did not underrate the difficulties with which I had to contend. I seemed to be pulled in so many ways at once, and( to have so many things j to look after, that I saw the danger of i wasting my time upon matters of no impor tance and allowing the leading strings to siip i away from me. I was glad, therefore, to ! obtain the services of a man upon ■whom I could rely, and as I deemed it imperafively "necessary that I should remain in London I! explained to Wheeler my desire that Louis body should be exhumed and indentified and asked him if he thought he could manage it.: He was confident he conld ; he had friends among the Liverpool police who would do all in their power for: him';. he laughed at the suggestion of the difficulties that might present themselves, and declared he would carry out his mission even if he had to dig up the body himself inthe dead of night. Knowing Wheeler to be a bit; of a bulldogs andi daring, as well -a tenacious, I was more than satisfied w^th his assurances. 1 ; • ■ ■ \- You will have a;surgeon'with you,' I said, ! whose evidence-will_be conclusive: as to the scar on the forehead. I understand the bone was penetrated. ' Everything-must be done quickly, and above'all the aftair must be kept out of the newspapers.' ' I laid special emphasis upon this, because I did not intend that the game should be taken oat of my hands. We settled upon an address in Liverpool to which I could write or wire any further instructions that mi«ht be necessary, and be went off in high spirits to catch the ten o'clock train. Before proceeding to my office I paid a visit to my dram-drinking friend who had been cast off by Madame Louber£. Bis name which she had renounced, was Whybrow. I passed her shop on the way, haring no fear that I would be recognised, and taking par ticular care nut to rub my chin with the mid dle finger of my right hand. I saw Madame Loubert behind the counter, and caught a glimpse of that confounded green curtain. Itiscuiious how one thing suggesta.another. The moment my syes fell upon the curtain an idea suggested itself which set me-Iaughing, and which proved to be perhaps the most im portant stepin the elucidation of the Mystery. I will not mention it in this place, but I deter mined to act upon it later on if I-considered it advisable. Clever as Madame Loubert was I hoped to show that I was one too many for her.' •' • Mr. Whybrow was in bed, pining'forliqu.or. I sent'out for a quartern of gin—that be'ing the cheapest tipple—and under its influence, and fortified bv my saving that.I thought I should be able to bring Madame Loubert to book in his interests, .he became communtca fi7e. 1 learned that she had two friends',who visited her from time to time, and witljwhom he was not allowed to strike up an acquaint ance. One of these was a man, the other-a woman. . I paid close attention to hisV des cription of the man, who he suspected had supplanted.him in her affections. This man was tall and dark; but he .had no- beard or. whiskers. . I thought rpf Wheeler's lords' Mliey mjeht have been,false,' and I left air'. Whybrow withi theconvictioitthat it was the man,wnohad"followed .me""from Sohc. If that were ao I hadalarmed him by my refer ence tttLojlis' mother," and he had signalled to' Madame Loubert to "give "her a warning tjiat I might be a spy ; his beard and whiskers being- false was another point in my favour. I had'sufficient confidence to introduce my self in my own proper person .to that lady and .make a trifling purchase. She served me politely, but there was trouble in her face, which rathsr pleased me than otherwise.* i was pleased, too, that she betrayed no recog nition of me, and did not connect me with the man who hac| {paid her a visit the night before. • ; Xeiving her, I went-on to John Fordhiim, who was still, under remand, and likely to re main eo for some time yet,-for thepolic'e'had not progressed in their inquiries, and Fbrd ham had made no recantation of the accusa tion he had brought against himself. Cheer ing him with the news that I was gathering valuable information (of which I did not give him the particulars) I obtained from him a description of Maxwell's personal appear ance. Tall and dark, wtaring neither beard nor whiskers. That settled it. Maxwell was the man who was stationed behind the green curtain, win had shadowed me to my lodgings, and u ho was so frightened by Ford ham's pablic confession of the murder that, for"his own safety's sake, he went about now in a disguise. Good. Then on to my office, where Mrs. Barlow was waiting to supply me with a description of- the birth marks of her missing son by which lie* could be identified. These have already been.recorded, and need no further, mention here.' Needless to say, I'did riot inform Mrs. Barlow that I had already obtained a clue to the career of her son since she last saw or heard from him. X made short work of the business in my office which required attention. So absorbed was I in this mysterious Murder Mystery that; 1 could not think seriously of any other subject. . My advertisement for Philip Bar low had thus early unearthed three men of of that name, whom I lound in my oftice upon my arrival there. I confronted them with Mrs. B-irlow, and they were im mediately dismissed, much to their dissatis faction. My second advertisement, inquiring for Morgan, was despa'ched to the news paper offices, and I left with my clerk a memorandum of the age and birthday of Mrs. Barlow's son, which were to be the first questicns put to all applicants of either name who j r sented themselves. Their answers not tallying with my memorandum, thoy were to be sent to the rightabout. By these means a great deal of unnecessary trouble was avoided. At a quarter to twelve I sallied forth to keep my appointment with Jack, having first effected the requisite alteration in my ap pearance. My own clerk was startled when I emerged from my private room in the character of a costormonger, and was driven to say it was ' tho beBt thing I had ever done in the way of disguise.' He was not far from the truth; I am al ways most success ful when I depict the manners of the lower class. Jack himself was taken in when I slouched up to him and engaged him in con versation, and it was not till I spoke in my proper voice that he recognieed me. I ' We]! I'm darned > was his admiring ex ' exclamation. ' Gur'nor, you ought to go on the stage.' It was a genuine compliment, and I felt that I had achieved something great. If I don't make a fortune as a private inquiry agent I will go to the music halls and sing coster sonas. -'.Well, Jack,' said I, do you still bsliev/C in your ghost ? ' * I'll take my oath on it,' he replied. Then we went boldly forth, ou the road to Finchley. First, however, in pursuance of the idea which set me laughing earlier that morning when 1 passed Madame Loubert's shop, I turned the donkey's head in the direction of Sohi\ which was not much oat of our way. I hud the temerity to enter her shop with a couple of fine ferns, which I offered at so low a price that she was tempted , to purchase them, but not before she hid baited me down twopence a pot. The price she paid was eightpence. A shrewd woman at a bargain, this Madame Loubert. Lsughingih-my s!e£re I rejnirjeil Jack, and we pursued our journey in search of Louis' ghost. Tt did not appear, and though I kept a sharp look out I saw nothing of Maxwell. The only sa'isfaction I obt-uned was that the route taken by Jack was the same by which Wheeler had tracked the tall dark man who had been concealed be hind the green curtain ip^Madame.Lnpberrs shop. I returned home late at night, and completely tired out. A costermonger's life is not an easy one ; he truly earns his liveli hood by the sweat of his brow. A telegram from Wheeler lay on my table: ' All goes well. The body will be exhumed to-night.' Mv opinion of him was justified; he was not tte man to let the grass grow under his feet. Nothing more could ;be; done till I received his report. On the fol lowing morning I received another telegram from him : ' Will be with you at four this afternoon.' Not a word as to the result of the examination ; but he certainly had lost no time. So impatient was I as the houi@5|stoacHed > that I could not keep indoors, but walked up and down the street to hail him the moment he appeared. A few minutes past four o'clock his cab rattled up the door and out he jumped. ' I am a little behind time,' he said as he paid the Rahman, arid ^Ileould see' that he was excited. 'Those confounded trains — they are always late.' ' You have news,' I said. 'Rather queer news,' he replied. 'Let us go in and talk.' . .y . rr>. He followed me fo ruy room, the door of which he locked. 'Give me a bite first,' he said, 'and a drink; and then you shall hear something startling.' I curbed my impatience while he ate, and drank.' ' That has done me good;', "hesaid ; ii was almost famisTied. Betore I commence, Godfrey, I want to ask whether you de ceived me.'.vj i.jl. J o :lii '.GJAiiQ , 'In what wayj 'In this, '^roti told mer that's man of the n3tne of-£ouis Fordham yas .nvurdered,and you described a certain mark by whictf his* body could be identified.' ' Yes.' ' The mark was a scar on hi3 forehead, caused by a wound inflicted upon him by_a. gardening tool. It penetrated to the bone, you said, and he would carry the scar to his ! grave. If I misunderstand you, let me know.' . . 7 . • 'j *: ' Youidid not "mis'understaocTme.■ The scar ; is as r described. I have evidence that it ' turned blood-red whenever he was excited. I have not misled you in the slightest par ticular.' ' I am glad to hear it,- -His. half-brother, j John Fordham, who gave himself up for the ; murder ' j ' Of which we know him to be innocent,' I .interrupted.-' -'1 : ~>I ;; i 'That is not the point I am coming to,r' ;said Wrheeler. ' He;gave himself ilp for the ; murder, and he is positive that he left.the [dead body of Louis in the 'Rye-street house ;when he left it on the morning of that terrific jsnow-scorm.' : ' He is quite positive.' ' He recognised the body as that of Louis ■by the scar on the forehead ]' ' Quite correct.' ' Then all I can say is that there is another :mvstery to be untavelled. Now for what I ,did. I went down to Liverpool, determined to see this matter through, and. not to. waste ia moment over it. I miy-fairly- 'claim-that •not a moment has been wasted.' ' Undoubtedly. 'I could not have done it more expeditiously myself.' ' I pass over, he continued, ' the prelimin ary Bteps I took to effect my object. The police assisted me,_and an order from a ■ magistrate armed me with the necessary •'authority. Accompanied by two of the . force and by a surgeon who knew what he • was about, the grave was dug -up at eleven' o'clock last night, and the coffin taken-, to the surgeon's house. ,®iere an examina tion of the body was mado. The upper por tion of the skull was perfect. Neither,, during the man's ' lifetime; ""not" 'after'his" death, had the slightest injury been'jnflicted on a singie bone in it.' . - s 1 Impossible,'I cried. . ' r „ ' Here is the surgeon's report/ It leads'' to but one conclusion. If such an injury a"s~ you described to me was inflicted upon 'Louis.. Fordham, the body that was buried is not , his, but another man's.' j I gazed at Wheeler, open-mouthed. Here" was BDtkb'er mystery,' * inched, if what he ■ stated was true. ' You must have dug up the wrong grave.' j I said, when I recovered from my astonish ment. .— I .' It occurred to me that it might be so,' he j said, ' and I had it looked into. No mistake ;haa been made. The body the surgeon examined was that of the man who had been murdered in Rye-street. Make up your mind to that, or you will be thrown straight off the scent. The man we dug tap was murdered ; his face had been smashed in, but as .I have said, the upper part; of the skull was uninjured. What do you make of it r What could I make of it except that both John Fordham and Jack were laboring under some'monstrous delusion ? But to establish th»t hypothesis the conclusion must be drawn that these two men were in collusion, and thnt an impossible story had been invented for some hidden purpose. Now, except during the struggle on the night of the mur der, when Jack had dashed out of the house into the arms of John Fordham, who was under the impression that a murderous attack was made upon him, the men had never met, and each declared that he had not seen the face of the other. How, then, could they have invented such a story 1 I dis missed the idea as impossible. While I pondered over this fresh mystery Wheeler sat quietly looking at me and fingering the surgeon's report, which I had not taken from him. Presently I found my voice. ' Were there any other marks on the body by ^hich it might be Identified V ' O, yes,'Wheeler replied, 'two. ■ On the left side, just above the hip, is a small growth of bone, which in lifetime might .have beeij; mistaken for a mole ; and the bones of-, the toe;next to .the .big ,to<? on the right foot .are completely bent under.' ' \- I.listened in silent amazement. ' These were the marks upon the body of Philip Barlow, alias Morgan. Here, then, .was the key . to the Mystery—here, to a certain ex tent, was an explanation of the ghost of Louis that ..Jack saw , in Finchley. For if only one body was found'in Rye-street, and only one body was buried (of which there was proof posirive), it was that of Maxwell's associate and confederate, Morgan, and Louis Fordham must be alive. It was not Louis' ghost that Jack saw, it was L-juis himself, j and the reason why Philip Barlow had not cotne-for.K'ft'd-to claim the legacy left to him by his uncle was satisfactorily explained. I ' declare, my breath was almost taken away. But how had this substitution of bodies boon effected ? Everything seemed to hang upon an answer to" this question. It must i be answered, and answered soon, and now without delay must I put into execution the idea that crossed my mind when I caught night of the green curtain on the morning of tjiis very c!ay. If any person could assist me that person was Madame Loubert. " In &b; few words as possible I explained to Wheeler the position of affairs and my plan of action, in the carrying out of which hia assistance was necessary. He followed me with lively interest, and in a few minutes we were on our way to Soho. • ■ (To be continued.) . New Yor.K newspapers disagree about Sarah Berahardt's age, but they are unanimous in saying that she does not look 