THE SHADOW IN THE MOONLIGHT. By MRS. MOLUS WORTH [Author of " Hathoreourfc Rootory," "Four Winds Farm," &c.;, &(:.] PART nr. -Wo loft Finster St. Mabyri's towards the middle of July. Nothing worth recording happened during the last few weeks. _ If the ghostly drama were still ro-enaoted, night after night, or only during some portion of each month, we took care not to assist at the performance. I be lieve Phil and Nugent planned another vigil, hut gave it up by my father's expressed wish, and on one pretext or another he managed to keep the gallery locked up without arousing any suspicion in my mother or Sophy, or auy of our visitors. I t was a cold summer—those early months of it at least—and that made it easier to avoid the room. Somehow none of us wore sorry to go. This was natural, so far as several were concerned, but rather curious as regarded those of the family who knew no drawback to the charms of the place. I suppose it was due to some instinctive consciousness of the influence* which so many of the party had felt it impos sible to resist or explain. And the Rectory of Rax trow was really a dear little place. It was so bright and open and sunny. Dormy's pale face was rosy wi th pleasure the first afternoon when lie came rushing into tell us that there were tamo rab bits and a pair of guinea-pigs in an otherwise empty loose box in the stable-3'ard. "Do come and look at them," he bogged, and I went with him, pleased to see him so happy. I did not care for the rabbits, but I always think guinea-pigs rather fascinating, and we stayed playing with them some little time. "I'll show you another way back into the house,'' said Dormv, and he led me through a conservatory into a large, almost unfurnished room, opening again into a tiled passage lead ing to the offices. "This is the Warden hoys' playroom." he said. " They keep their cricket and football things here, vou see, and their tricycle. I wonder if I might U3e it?" "We must write and ask them," I said. "Bat what are all these big packages?" I went on. " Oh, I see, it'sourheavyluggagcfrom Fins tor. There is not room in this house for ; our odds and ends of furniture, I suppose. It's rather a pity they have put it in here, for we could have had some nice games in this big ; room on a wet day, and see, Dorrny, here are several pairs of roller skates! Oh, we must have this place cleared." Wo spoke to father about it—he came and looked at the room and agreed with us that it would be a pity not to have the full use of it. , Roller-skating would bo good exercise for i Dormy, lie said, and even for Hat, who would lie joinukg us bcfotolongfor his Holidays. '.So otir big cases, and the chairs and tables We had bought from Hunter, in. their careful ewathings of wisps and matting, were carried out to an. empty barn—a perfectly dry and weather-tight nam—for. everything Jit the Beotory was in excellent repair. In this,' as in all other details, our new quarters were a complete contrast to the pioturesque abode wo bad just quitted. The weather was charming for the first two or three weeks—much warmer and sunnier than at Fins tor. We all enjoyed it, and seemed to breathe more freely. Miss Larpent, who was staying through the holidays this year, and I congratulated each other more than once, when sure of not being overboard, on the cheerful, wholesome atmosphere in which we found ourselves. "I do not think I shall ever wish to live in a very old house again," she said one day. We were in the playroom, and I had been per Buading her to try her hand—or feet—at roller skating. "Even now," she went on, "I own to you, Leila, though it may sound very weak minded, I cannot think of thSt horrible night without a shiver. " Indeed," she went on, "I could fancy I feel that thrill of indescribable cold at the present moment." She was shivering—and, extraordinary to relate, as she spoke her tremor communicated itself' to' me. Again, I could swear to it; * again I felt that blast of unutterable, unearthly cold. . I started up. We were seated on a bench against tlio wall—a bench belonging to tho playroom, and which wo had not thought of removing, as a few seats were convenient. Miss Larpent caught sight of my face. Her own, which was very white, grew "distressed in expression. She grasped my arm. "My dearest child," sho exclaimed, "you look blue and your teeth are chattering. I do wish 1 had not alluded to that fright we had. I had no idea you were so nervous." " I did not know it myself," I replied. "I often think of the Finster ghost quite calmly, even in the middle of the night. But just then, Miss Larpent, do you know I really feft that horrid cold again!" So did I—or rather my imagination did — she replied, trying to talk in a inatter-of-fact way. She got up as she spoke and went to the window. "Itcan't be all imagination," she added. See, Leila, what a gusty stormy day it is—not like the beginning of August. It really is cold." « "And this playroom seems nearly as draughty as the gallery of Piaster," I said. 1 "Don't let us stay hero. Come into the drawing-room and play some duets. I wish we could qui to forgot about Finster." " Dormy has done so, £ hope," said Miss Larpent. That chilly morning was tlio commencement of the real break up in the weather. We women would not have minded it so much, as there are always plenty of indoor things we can find to do. And my two grown-up brothers were j away, ltaxtrow held no particular attractions for them, and Phil wanted to see some of our J numerous relations before he returned to India, j So he and Nugent started on a round of visits. j But, unluckily, it was the beginning of the public school holidays, -and ptf&r; Nat—the fifteen-years-old boy—had just joined us. It was very disappointing for him in moro ways j than one. He had set his heart on seeing Fin ster, impressed by our enthusiastic description I of it when wo first went there, and now his anticipations had to come down to a compara tively tame and uninteresting village, and ! every probability—so said the wise—of a stretch of unsummerlike rainy weather. 1 Nat is a goodnatured, cheery fellow, how- ; ever—not nearly as clever or as impressionable ; as Dormy, but with the same common sense. So lio wisely determined to make the best of things, and as wo were all sorry for him, he did not, after all, come off very badly. His principal amusement was rollor-skating in the playroom. Dormy bad not taken to it in the same way—the greater part of his time was spent with the rabbits and guinea-pigs, where Nat, when he himself had had skating enough, was pretty sure to find him. I suppose it was with being the eldest sister that it always seerus mv fate to receive the confidences of the rest of the family, and it was about this time, a fortnight or so after his arrival, that it began to strike rne tliat Nat looked as if he had something on his mind. " Ho is sure to tell ine what it is sooner or later." I said to iny.vlf. "Probably ho has left some small debts behind him at school— only ho did not look worried or anxious when he first came home." lho confidence was given. unc afternoon Nat followed ineinto the library, where f. was going to write some letters, and said he wanted I to speak to me. I put my papers aside and waited. ; " Leila," he began, "you must promise not | to laugh at me." ! This was not what I expected. "Laugh at you—110, certainly not," I replied, especially if you are in any troublo. And f. have thought you wore iookiug worried, Nat." "Well, yes," ho said; "I don't know if there is anything coming over me—I feel quito well, but—Leila," he broke off, "doyou believe in ghosts?" I started. " Has any one"—I was l>egi.uning rashly, but the boy interrupted inc. "No, no," ho said eagerly; "No one has put anything of the kind into my head—no one. It is my own senses that have seen—felt it, or else, if it is fancy, T must be going out of my mind, Leila—I do believe there is a ghost hero in th° playroom." I sat silent, an awful dread creeping over me, 'which, as he went on, grew worse and worse. Had the thing—the Finster shadow— attached itself to us—J had read of such cases —had it journeyed with us to this peaceful, healthful house? _ The remembrance of the cold thrill experienced by Miss Larpont and myself flashed back upon me. And Nat went on. Yes, the cold was the first thing ho had been startled by, followed, just as in the gallery of our old castle, by the consciousness of the*terrible shadow- like presence, gradually taking form in the moonlight. For there had j had been moonlight the last night or two, and Nat, in his skating ardour, had amused him self alone in the playroom after Dormy had gone to bed. "The night before last was tbe worst," he said, "It stepped raining, you remember, Leila, and the moan was very bright—I noticed how it glistened on the wet leaves out side. It was by the moonlight I saw the shadow. I wouldn't have thought of skating in the evening but for the light, for we'vo never had a lamp in there. It carno round the walLs, Leila, and then it seemed to stop and | fumble away in one corner—at the end whero there is a bonch, you know." Indeed I did know; it was where our gover ness and I had been sitting. "I got so awfully frightened," said Nat, honestly, " that I ran off. Then yesterday I was ashamed of myself, and went back there in theevoning with a candle. But I saw nothing; the moon did nut come. out. Only I. felt the ecl.l again. I believe it was there—though I could not sue it. Leila, what can it be? If I only I could make you understand ! Jtis so much worse than it sounds to ielL" I said wliat l oould to sootbo-him. I spoko of odd- shadows thrown bythe trees outside, swaying in the wind, for the weather was still stormy. I repeated the time-worn argument about optical illusions, &c.;, &c;„ and in the end he gave in a little. It might have been bis fanpv. And he ^promised me most faith fully to breathe no hint—not the very faintest —of the fright he had had, to Sophy or Dormy or any one. Then I had to tell mv father. "I really shrank from doing so, but there seemed no alterna tive. At first, of course, he pooh-poohed it at once by saying Dormy must nave.been talking to Nat about the Fluster business, or if not ,Dormy, gome one—Miss Larpent oven! But' when all such explanations were entirely bet at nought, I must say poor father looked rather blank. I was sorry for him, and sorry for myself—the idea of being followed by this horrible presence was too sickening. Father took refuge at last in some brain wave theory—involuntary impression had bean made on Nat by all of us, whose minds were still full of tho strange experience. Ho said he felt sure, and no doubt he tried to think h • did, that this theory explained the whole. I felt glad for him to got any satisfaction out of i it, and I did my be3t to take it up too. But it j was no use. I felt that Nat's experience had i b -en an "objective" one, as Miss Larpent cx- i pressed it—or, as Dormy had said at the first i at Finater. "No, no. sister—it's something there—it's nothing to do with me." | And earnestly I longed for the time to come for our return to our own familiar homo. " I don't think I shall ever wish to leave it again," I thought. But after a week or two the feelings ljegan to fade again. And father very sensibly dis covered that it would not do to leave our spare furniture and heavy luggage in the barn—it was getting all dusty and cobwebby. 9o it was all moved back again to the playroom, and there stacked as it had been at first, making it impossible for us to skate or amuse ourselves in any way there, at which Sophy grumbled, but IS at did not. Father was very good to Nat. He took him about with him as mueli as lie could to got the thought of that horrid thing out of his head. But yet it conl J not have been half as bad for Nat as for the rest of us, for wc took the greatest possible precautions against any whis per of dreadful and mysterious truth reach ing him—that tho ghost had followed us from Finster. Father did not tell Mr. Miles or Jenny about it. They had been worri :d enough, poor things, by tho trouble at Finster, and it would bo too bad for them to think that the strange influence was affecting us in the second house wc had taken at their recommendation. "In fact," said father with a rather ru-ful smile, "if wc don't take care wo shall begin to be looked upon askance as a haunted family. Our lives would have been endangered in the good old witchcraft days." "It is really a mercy that none of the ser vants have got hold of tho story," said Miss Larpent, who was one of our council of three. "We must just hope that no further annoy ance will befall us until we are safe at home again." Iler hopes were fulfilled. Nothing else hap pened while wc remained at the Rootory—it really seemed as if tho unhappy shade was limited locally, in one sense. For at Finster, even, it had never been seen or felt savo in the one room. The vividness of tho impression of poor Nat's experience had almost died away when the time camo for us to leave. I felt now that I should rather enjoy tolling Phil and Nugent about it, and hearing what they could bring forward in the way of explanation. We left Raxtrew early in October. Our two big brothers wore awaiting us at home, having arrived there a few days before us. Nugent was due at Oxford very shortly. It was very nice to be in our own house again, after several months' absence, and it was most interesting to see bow the altera tions, including a good deal of new papering and painting, had been carried out. And as soon as tho heavy luggage arrived wo had grand consultations as to the disposal about the rooms of the charming pieces of furniture we had picked up at Hunter's. Our rooms arolargc and nicely shaped, most of them. It was not difficult to make a pretty corner here and there with a quaint old chair or two and a delicate spindle-legged table, and when wo had arranged them all—Phil, Nugent, and I wero the movers — we summoned mother and Miss Larpent to give their opinion. They quite approved, mother even saying that she would be glad of a few more odds and ends. " We might empower Janet Miles," she said, "to let us know if she sees anything very tempting. Is that really all we have? They looked so mueh more important in their swath ings." The same idea struck mo. I glanced round. "Yes," I said, "that's all, except—oh, yes, there are tapestry portifires—the best of all. We can't have thorn in the drawine-room, I fear. It is too modern for thorn. Where shall we hang them.!" "You are forgetting, Leila," said mothor. "We spoke of having them in tho hall. They wilkdo beautifully to hang before tho two side doors, which arc seldom ojx'ned. And in cold weather the hall is draughty, though nothing like the gallery at Finster." Why did she say that? It made mc shiver, but, then, of course, she did not know. Our hall is a very pleasant one. We sit there a great deal. The side doors mother spoke of are second entrances to the dining-room and library—quite unnecessary, except when we have a large party, a dance, or something of that sort. And tho portieres certainly seemed tho very tiling, tho mellow colouring of tho tapestry showing to groat advantage. The boys—Phil and Nugent, I mean—set to work at once, and in an hour or two the hangings were placed. "Of course," said Philip, "if evor those doors are to be opened, this precious tapestry must ho taken down, or else very carefully looped back. It is very worn in some places, and in spite of the thick lining it should be ten derly handled. I am afraid it has suffered a little from being so long rolled up at the llec tory. It should have been hung up!" Still, it looked very well indeed, and when father, who was away at some Magistrates' meeting, came homo in the evening, I showed him our arrangements with pride. He was very pleased. "Very nice—very nice, indeed," ho said, though it was almost too dusk for him fully to judge of the effect of the tapestry. " But, dear me, child, this hall is very cold. We roust have a Larger fire. Only October! What sort of a winter aro we going to have?" He shivered as he spoke. _ He was standing close to on e of the portieres — smoothing the tapestry half absently with one hand. I looked at him with concern. "I hope you have not got a chill, papa," I said. But beseemed all right again when we went into the library, where tea was waiting—an extra late tea for his benefit. Tho next day Nugent went to Oxford. Nat had already returned to school. So our home party was roduood to father and mother, Miss Larpont, Phil and I, and the children. We were very glad to have Phil settled at home for sOme time. There was little fear of ; his being tempted away now that the shooting j had begun. We wereexpectingsomeofonf usual i guests at this season; the weather was perfect autumn weather; we had thrown off all re membrance of influenza and other depressing "influences," and were feeling bright ana cheerful, when again—ah, yes, even now it gives me a faint sick sensation to recall tho horror of that third visitation 1 But I must tell it simply, and not give way to painful remembrances. . It was the very day before our first visitors were expected that the blow fell, the awful fear made itself felt. And, as before, tho victim was a new one—the one who, for reasons already mentioned, we had specially guarded from any breath of the gruesome terror—poor little Sopliy! What she was doing alone in the hall late that evening I cannot quite recall—yes, I think I remember her saying she had run down stairs when halfway up to bed to fetch a book she had left there in the afternoon. She had no light, and the one lamp in the hall—we never sat there after dinner—was burning feebly. JT( was bright moonlight. I was sitting at the piano, where I had been playing in a rather sleepy way, when a sudden touch on my shoulder made mo start, and, looking up, I saw mysister standing beside me white ana trembling. "Leila," she whispered, "come with me, quickly. I don't want mam 'ia to notice." For mother was still nervous and delicate. Tho drawing-room is very long, and has two or throe doors. No one else was at our end. It was easy to make our way out unperceivod. Sophy caught my hand and hurried mo up stairs without speaking till we reached my own room, whero a bright firo was burning cheerfully. Then she began. "Leila," she said, "J have had such an awful fright. I did not want to speak until wc were safe up here." "What was it?" I exclaimed breathlessly. Did I already suspect the truth? I really do not know, but my nerves were not what they had been, Sophy gasped and began to tremble. I put my arm round her, "It does not sound so bad," she said. " But —ob, Leila, what could it be? It was in the hall," and then I think she explained how she had come to be there. "I was standing near the side door into the library that wo never use—and—all of a sudden a sort of darkness came along the wall, and seemed to settle on the door—whero the old tapestry is. you know. I thought it was the shadow of something out Hide, for it was bright moonlight, and the win dows were not shuttered. But in a moment I saw it could not bo that—there was nothing to throw such a shadow. It seemed to wriggle about like—like a monstrous spider, or"—and there she hesitated—"almost like a doformed human sort of being. And all at once, Leila, my breath went and I foil down, I really did. I was ch-okcd with cold. J think my senses went, away, but I am not sure. The noxt thing I remember was rushing across the hall and then down tho south corridor to the drawing-room, and then I was so thankful to see you there by the piano." I drew her down on my knee, poor child. " It was very good of you, dear," I said, " to control yourself, and not startle mamma." This pleased her, bub her terror was still uppermost. "Leila," she said pitcously, "can't you cx plain it? I did so hope you could." " What could I say? "I—one would need go to the hall and look well about to see what could cast such a shadow," I said vaguely, and I suppose I must involuntarily have moved a little, for Sophy started and clutched me fast. "Oh, Leila, don't go—you don't mean you are going now," sho entreated. Nothing truly was farther from my thoughts, but I took care not to say so! ■ "I won't leave you if you'd rather not," I. said, "and 1 tell you what, Sophy, if von would like very mueh to sleep here with me to-night., you shall. I will ring and tell Freake to bring things down and undress you on one condition." "What?" she said eagerly. She was much impressed by my amiability, "That you won't say one word about this, or give the least shadow of a hint to any one that you have had a fright. You don't know the trouble it will cause." "Of course I will promise to let no one know, if you think it bettor, for you are so kind to me," said .Sophy. But there was a touch of reluctance in hor tone. "Y ,u—you mean to do*sornething about it, though, Leila," she wont on. " I shall never be able to forget it if you don't." "Yes," I said, " I shall speak, to father and Phil about it to-morrow. If any ono has been trying to frighten us," I added un guardedly, "by playing trioks, they certainly must be exposed." " Not us," shn corrected; " it was only me," I did not reply. Why I spoke of the pos sibility of a trick I scarcely know. I had no hope of any such explanation. But another strange and almost incredible idea was beginning to take shape in my mind, and with it came a faint, very faint touch of relief. Could it be that not the houses, nor the rooms, nor, worst of all, wo ourselves, were haunted, but some thing or things among the old furniture we had bought at Raxtrew? And lying sleepless that night a sudden flash of illumination struck me—could it — whatever the "it" was—could it have some thing to do with the tapestry hangings? The more I thought it over the more striking grew tho coincidences at Finstcr. It had been on ono of the closed doors that the shadow soerncd to settle, as again here in our own hall. But in both cases the portiere had hung in front'. And at the Rectory? The tapestry, as Philip had remarked, had been there rolled up all the time. Was it possible that it had never been taken out to the barn at all? What more pro bable than that it should have been left, for gotten, under the bench where Miss Larpent aftd I had felt for tho second time that hideous cold? And, stay, something else was returning i to my mind in connection with that bench. Yes—I had it—Nat had said "it seemed to stop and fumble away in one corner—at tboend where there is a bench, you know." And then to my unutterable thankfulness I fell asleep. 