New Publications. Messrs. Blackie anti Sons' list of books for young people for the season lSQñ-í)G is an attractive bill of fare for the young readers. The list includes the following: "The Tiger of Mysore; a Story of the War with Tippoo Saib," by G. A. Henty. With several il- lustrations by W. H. Margetson. Dick Holland's father is supposed to be one of the English captives in the hands of Tippoo Saib. So Dick resolves to proceed to India, gain tidings of his father, and help him to escape, if possible. Accordingly he sails for Madras, joins the army under Lord Cornwallis, and takes part In a campaign against Tippoo. After wards he assumes a disguise; entera Seringapatam, the capital of Mysore; rescues Tippoo's harem from a tiger; and is appointed to high office by the tyrant. In this capacity Dick visits the hill fortress, still in search of his father, and at last he discovers him in the great stronghold of Savandroog. The hazardous rescue which Dick attempts, and the perilous night ride through the enemy's country are at length ac- complished, and the young fellow's dangerous mission is done. Another volume by the same author is "Through Russian Snow." This is a story of Napoleon's re- treat from Moscow, and is well illustrated by W. H. Overend. The hero is a careless, good-natured youth, who becomes, quite innocently, mixed up with smugglers. The smugglers carry him to France, and hand him over ns a prisoner to the French; but he subsequently regains his freedom by joining Napo- leon's army in the campaign against Russia. The young Englishman takes part in the great battles of Smolensk and Borodino, arriving at Moscow with the victorious Emperor. Then, when the terrible re- treat begins,; Julian finds himself in the rear-guard of the French' onay, fighting desperately, league by league, again5l «famine, snowstorms, wolves, and Rus- sians. Ultimately he escapes out of the general dis- aster, after rescuing the daughter of a Russian Count; makes his way to St. Petersburg;' and then returns to England. "Por Life and Liberty," by Dr. Gordon Stables, willa illustrations by Sydney Paget, is a story of the American Civil War. Osmond Lloyd, who was at school in England, being of an adventurous spirit, and having relations in the States, ran away from home with his chum, Kenneth Reid, and the two made their way to- America in the Mosquito, Hera Ormond joined the Southern army, while Kenneth entered tho navy, and their various adventures in that great conflict are vigorously set forth in th¡3 narrative. Osmond was in the army of the Poto- mac, took part in all the campaigns, and won praise foi his valor from the famous general, "Stonewall Jackson." Altogether Lhe tale is full of interest for tue boy who likes to have his heroes adventuring boih by land and sea. "Hallowe'en, Ahoy! or, Lest cn the Crozet Is- lands, " by Hugh St. Leger, with illustrations by H. J. Draper, is the strange history of the derelict Hallowe'en, in which is set forth: How she was fiiund on the high seas beyond the Equator: how it befell that there was only a ghost on board; how the A host was captured; how the vessel was cast ashore on a de?ert. island in the Southern Ocean; how the craw, being Englishmen, took the disaster cheerily; and how at length, arter many hardships and hair- breadth escapes, they floated their stout craft, bring- ing her back safe again to England. "A Thane of Wessex," by Charles W. Whistler, with illustrations by W. H. Margetson, is the story ol young Heregar, a thane in the old kingdom of Wessex. Wherein is finely set forth: How he was falsely accused, and unfairly outlawed as a traitor; how in his wanderings he discovered the war-galleys of the vikings, and carried the War-arrow; how he withstood the rading Danes at Bridgewater, and ga- thered the levies at Glastonbury; how he contrived an ambush, and completely defeated the vikings at Parret-mouth ; and how, at length, he was inlawed gain, and in reward of his valor made the king's standard-bearer. "His First Kangaroo," by Arthur Ferras, with illustrations by Percy F. S. Spence, is a story of ad- venture on an Australian cattle station. Dick Morri- son, who lives near Sydney, accepts an invitation to spend a holiday in the bush, and has a goodt time. He takes part' in rounding-up wild cattle, taming buck-jumping horees, and hunting the emu and the kangaroo. A band of bushrangers also make things lively, for on one occasion the station is "stuck up," while a young Scotchman is kidnapped, and rescued with difficulty. "Hussein, the Hostage," by G. Norway, with illus- trations by John Schonberg, is the narrative of the adventures of the young Prince Hussein and his faithful follower Askar in their endeavor to free their oppressed tribe from the Persian yoke. Hussein is held captive, and Askar, in his attempt to rescue him, is himself kidnapped and sold to a travelling showman. They at length unite their followers, and succeed in holding their post until the dispersal of the Persian forces. This is ene of the new boys' books which has the merit of originality, and it is in conse- quence one cf the best of the season. "For the Sake of a Friend," by Margaret Parker. This is a tale of a girls' school in Melbourne. The heroine, Susie Snow, and her friend. Trixie Beres- ford, ave the sweetest and cleverest of girls, and although there are jealousies, mistakes and misunder- standings among the pupils at Stormont House, yet all comes right in the end. "A Musical Genius," by the author of "The Two Dorothys." Illustrated by John H. Bacon. The hero was a genius fer the violin, and is adopted by a wealthy musical ama- teur who has discovered his spe- cial gift. The lad studies hard, and fulfils the highest expectations of his new friend. But he never quite forgets his humble, unselfish brother the conjuror; and when he is called upon to make choice between affection for his brother, and a wealthy home, he quickly chooses the former. "Under the Black Eagle," by Andrew Hilliard. Illustrated by W. Boucher. Ernest Wentworth is an English lad resident in Russia, and his great, chum is a student called Gregorieff. As this stu dent has secret dealings with Nihilists, the two friends become suspected of plots, and the final re- sult is that both are apprehended, and exiled to Siberia. On the journey they contrive to leap from the convict-steamer, swim ashore in the darkness, escape from their pursuers, anti make their way acrcss "the Roof of the World" "info North- ern India. "In the Days of Drake," being the adventures of Humphrey Salkeld, by L. S. Fletcher. Illustrated by W. S. Stacey. Humphrey Salkeld was kidnapped from Scarborough, and carried across to the Gulf of Mexico. Here he escaped from the ship, but was again cap- tured by a member of the Inquisition, and taken to the city of Mexico, where he was condemned to the galley.?. Finally he wara rescued by Francis Drake. "The Girleen," by Edith Johnstone. Illustrated hy Paul Hardy; "The Little Girl from Next Door," by Geraldine Modder; "Uncle Jem's Stella," by the author of "The Two Dorothys;" "The Ball of For- tune, or Ned Somerset's Inheritance," by Charles Pearce, are three very excellent stories for girls and boy?. The volumes are late in reaching Aus- tralia, as many of them would have have been high- ly ¿ultable for Christmas presents. In "When Greek Meets Greek" (published by Messrs. Hutchinson and Company) Mr. Joseph Hatton gives some startling scenes in the daya of the French Revolution, and describes the for- tunen of the French Royalists in the days of "Robespierre the Incorruptible." The adven- tures of Henri, Comte de Fournier and his half brother the Deputy Grebauval, his rival with Mathilde de Louvett, and a relentless enemy of the Royalists generally and his brother Henri in particular, are sufficiently exciting, but fer the rest, the ste ry of those terrible times has been told befcre, and as a historical novel it adds but little to our knowledge of the men of those days and their record of crime, bloodshed, and tyran- ny, which stained the annals of France during tho last years of the eighteenth century. The above volumes come to us through Messrs. George Robertson and Company. "The Village of Youth and Other Fairy Tales," by Bessie Hatton, beautifully illustrated by W. H. Margetson, reaches us from Messrs. Hutchin- son and Company through Messrs. George Ro- bertson and Company. The six short stories in this very daintily got-up volume are full ot graceful fancies, and told with a simple direct- ness that gives a charm to the play of thought and hidden meaning suggested throughout. "A Child of the Winds" is perhaps the most deli- cately poetical of the fairy tales, while the pic- ture of "Lady Mercy" (the "Wind Flower") is one of the most beautiful of the illutsrations, but "The Garden of Innocence" and "The Village of Youth" will prove equally attractive to those who can appreciate the old-world romance of modern parable, In "The Flower that reached the Sun Lands" and "A Christmas Rose," the extra-human plays a smaller part, though the sympathy of nature with human needs and moods is suggested with tender touches. From Mr. Horace Cox, Windsor House, Bream's Buildings, London, E.C., we have re- ceived a copy of a work enitled "Breeding Race- horses by the Figure System." This book should have a ready sale in Australia, as it was compiled by the late Mr. C. Bruce Lowe, than whom no greater enthusiast on the theory of breeding could be found. Unfortunately Mr. Lowe did not live to complete the work, but he left it in good hands, those of Mr. William Alli- son, better known as the "Special Commissioner" of the London "Sportsman." It is a well- turned out book of 251 pages, with numerous illustra- tions of celebrated racehorses, and to those who take an interest in breeding it will prove a most interesting volume. Even those who may not believe in Mr. Lowe's theory will find this a work of interest, as within its pages can be traced the pedigree of almost any horse of note that has raced, and so plainly is the description given of Mr. Lowe's figure system that no one can mis- take it. As previously stated, Mr. W. Allison, of the London "Sportsman," finished the task of getting the author's manuscripts through the publisher's hands, and from a review published in that paper we make the following extracts: "The author states his plan to Mr. Allison in a letter written on October 1, 1894, which was shortly before his death, and in this he says: 'To put it as briefly as possible, the figures are derived from a satistical compilation of the win- ners of the three great English classic races- the Derby, Oaks, and St. Leger. The family with the largest number of wins is No. 1, the next No. 2, and so on to No. 34, though the figures actually run up to 43, and include fami- lies whose descendants have never won a classic race. By placing the figures on to any ordinary tabulated pedigree table, the studmastër can tell at a glance which families have been brought into the combination, and whether they happen to be the high-class running families of 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5, or outside ones such as 10. 14. 15. &c.; The figures are in two types, a heavy black type and a lighter one, the former to denote sire fi- gures." In the allotment of figures there are only five in the heavy black type-Nos. 3, 8, 11, 12, 14. These represent the five great sire fami- lies, dating from the dam of the two True Blues, coming out principally through Stockwell and Sir Peter; The Bustler mare, from whence came Marske, Newminster, and Sultan; the Sedbury Royal mare, the tap-root of Regulus, Birdcatch- er, and St. Simon; the Montague mare, in like relationship to Eclipse, Sterling, and Prince Ru- dolph; and the Oldfield mare, the common parent of Touchstone and Macaroni. Chapter VIII., 'The Running Lines and How to Use Them,' and again in the following chapter, 'How to Breed Great Stake Horses,' there is much in the au- thor's views of inbreeding which coincide with my own. I think the accumulation of running blood can be overdone, and for that very reason the failure of two great animals like Gladiateur and Fille de l'Air, when placed in alliance can easily be accounted for. There is a something wanting besides extreme quality, and this may be obtained by going back to blood perhaps dul- ler to repeat success. Hence there have been so many failures in the cases of the highest class racehorses ever known. Bay Middleton, the best horse according to Admiral Rous's opinion that the turf had ever seen, up to the appearance of Gladiateur, got moderate produce out of Beeswing, but with a common sort of mare like Barbelle he got almost his own counterpart in The Flying Dutchman. There was extraordinary life and vitality in Bay Middleton. He was al- most unmanageable to ride, and so was the Dutchman, but mated with the best of their kind, on what might be called book form, they did not succeed. I go further, however, than a dependence entirely on blood, as I believe as much or nearly so in characteristics, two of the same character should not be mated, two of the same size should be avoided, and as two stayers will probably get a slug, two sprinters may well be expected to get somethimg that cannot stay at all. It is very interesting to read Mr. Bruce Lowe's opinion as to how great fillies are mostly bred. In the human race he says that an un- usually clever son inherits his ability from his mother, and that a daughter gets her intellectual ability from her father." We have not space to give more of Mr. Lowe's interesting work, which will no doubt find a ready sale amongst the stud- masters and others interested in the racehorses in Australia. "On and Off the Turf in Australia" is one of that favorite author's, Nat Gould, latest works, published by George Routledge and Sons. Within in its pages will be found a lot of inter- esting matter picked up by the author during his stay of tell years in Australia. Mr. Gould had every opportunity of studying the men of the turf in the colonies, and appears to have formed excellent impressions of the majority of them. He has something to say anent the majority of our leading turfites, and says it well, while train erg, jockeys, colonial horses, ponies, racecourse management, cricket notes, and many other things are treated in a manner which tells that "Verax" was a keen observer. The "Pall Mall Magazine" for January, in ad- dition to many fine illustrations, contains con- tributions by writers of the first rank. Among the features of this number is a pictorial article on "Calcutta: Past and Present," an interesting paper on secret writing, a beautifully illustrated account of the Bibliothique Nationale of Paris, and a description of the Eglinton Tournament. The fiction in the number is rather above the average. We have received a copy of the third series of Lady Cook's "Essays on Social Topics." From Messrs. George Robertson and Company we have received a capital little school work in the shape of six sheets of original designs bound in covers for public school drawing copies fer ruler and freehand. The drawings are by Mr. F. W. Woodhouse, superintendent of the Draw- ing Department of Public Instruction, New South Wales. The "Australasian Photographic Review," published by Baker and Rouse, for December, is to hand. There is plenty of readable matter and useful information in the number, and the illus- trations are as usual interesting and well printed. From the Sydney Observatory we have recei- ved a volume recording the rain, river, and eva- poration observations made in New South Wales during the year 1894. The contents of this pub- lication are so well known to those who take an interest in the matters it deals with that a de- tailed notice is unnecessary. Included in the volume are diagrams and maps which show at a glance the percentage of rain, average monthly temperatures; mean, extreme, and seasonable temperatures; rainfall for the year; monthly dis- J tribution of rain; and the heights of rivers. "Blastus, the King's Chamberlain," is the title of Mr. Stead's "Review of Reviews" annual. Ar- dent, admirers of Mr. Stead's productions may find entertainment in this story, in these not of the cult the tale will not arouse mere than a languid interest. "Strange Survivals," by S. Baring-Gould, reaches us in Methuen's Colonial Library edi- tion, from George Robertson and Company. This is the second edition of the valuable series of papers by the author, in which he discourses learnedly and always entertainingly on "Some Chapters in the History of Man." There are thirteen chapters in the book, each one giving an account of the origin and growth of certain customs among men, and the survival of those customs in some modified form to-day. "The Australasian Medical Gazette" for Janu- ary contains, as usual, many articles of value and interest to the profession, "Round and About, Recollections of the Bush," by the Rev. G. Spencer Oakes, Vicar of Kelso, is a reprint cf a series of papers published In the "Bathurst Daily Times." Mr. Oakes discourses pleasantly upon his experiences in several well known districts of New South Wales, and the little book will be interesting to a large circle of readers, "Sir Quixote," by John Buohan (Fisher Unwin's cuiouial edition) reaches us through Messns. George Robertson and Company. It hardly deserves the name of a story, being merely an episode of his life, related by a certain French knight, Jean de Ro haine. Being left in charge of a young and pretty woman in a Scotch cottage, whose owners have been forced into hiding by the persecution to which they and their co-religionists are exposed, he not un- naturally falls in love with her, and she with him. His Quixotic behavior, under these oirumstances, gives its title to the book. 