Brief Mention. I Quern Victoria has not been in better1 health than at present for -many years past. Notice of motion has been given in . the Western Assembly to grant womanhood suffrage. ' Mr. Andree, tho Swedish aeronaut, has loft Spitzbergen in his balloon for the North Polo. The boiler of the steamer Favorite, lying on thu outer bar of tho Heads, has been recovered. Three tons of quartz from Stebbling and Co.'s claim at Wcdderburn (Vic.) yielded 160oz. of gold. At Namoi a horsu was buried, resur rected, and I, hen cremated by order of the Inspector of Nuisances. A tombstone is about the only place where the average man doesn't really care to have his name in print. Mr. John Gillies, M.P., who suffered recently by a tire which occurred at his stables, has beon presented by his friends with a buggy, horse, and harness, to replace. those destroyed by the fire. Large areas of early cucumbers have been planted this season oh tho Lower Clarence to supply the early Sydney niarkot. What are our farmers doing? Bankiupt. — Abraham Benjamin, of Cleveland-Street, Sydney, commission agent... Thomas Johnson, Tatlmm, Rich mond River, farmer. A handsome silver tea and. coffee service was last week presented to Mr. J. P. Collins, head teacher of the Rich mond Superior Public School (formerly of Lismore), by the Rev. Dr. Cameron. Several small sugar mills are now in. full swing on the lower Clarence. Splen did samples of sugar are being turned out by some of them.' The Clarence Advocate says : Many of the farmers objpet'to sign the agree ment recently issued by the Company in regard to frosted cane. The cane crop, supposed to be frosted, in -some1 cases is turning out splendidly. There are many who believe that, in spite of the duty being repealed, the sugar in dustry will flourish in the future. The Socialist Workers' Congress in London demands nationalisation of col lieries, railways, and factories. Mr. John Burns, M.P., describes the meetings of the Socialist Workers' Congress as 'a ghastly failure.' The stuffed calico cats which are used as toys have been put to a good purpose by some farmers in Suffolk. They are placed in trees and are said to scare off predatory birds. ': \ Thousands of farmers are keeping cows which do not pay for, their keep, and thousands more do not keep their cows so that there' is any profit resulting from them. If it pays to do' anything well in nny line, it is in butter making on the farm. ? The Tasmanian Government is offering £50 reward for the capture of an alleged ghost who has been haunting different parts of Hobart for some time, i He's- not caught, yet. Tho appeal of George Dean against his conviction for perjury was before the Supreme Court on Friday last, but was postponed for a fortnight. ' ? ? Frank Farnell and.' Jawbone ' Neild are off to England - with their . seats in their pockets. ? The close, season for quail throughout the colony- commences in September 16, and terminates on May 23. Mr. W. E. O'Brien has been appointed to act temporarily as mining registrar and officer authorised to issue miners' rights, business aiid mineral license?, at Casino. „. \ Tomatoes being raised in the Clarence, district for the coming season are already past the flowering stage: , and' , the : vines carrying fruit. The yield promises to be good. . ?'???! '.'S v '. y, ? The entrance to tlie Bollinger River is blocked with sand, arid at low water there is only a depth of 5ft. on the bar. Farmers are sending their maize to Coffs Harbor. Ltird Brassey promised a deputation from the Melbourne unemployed that he would urge the Government' to give shelter in tho Exhibition' Building and provide the weak men with food. The competitive examinations insti tuted by the Public Service Board for positions under the Justice Department have been fixed for September 26. ' . : At a meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Association a resolution was carried protesting against tho proposal of the Australian Eleven to tour the colonies. Mr. Lyne says there will be a morning protectionist paper in Sydney before many months. Dr. Ross is asking Parliament to con sider the expediency of bringing in a bill to restrict and prohibit use of tobacco, cigars, and cigarettes, by juvenile mem bers of the community. At tho Balmain Court the other day four youths were each fined 20s, or seven days, for playing ' heading 'em ' on Sunday. Gaudaur, the Canadian sculler, has accepted the date desired by Stanbury for the championship race, and has sailed for England. The Public Service Board has inti mated that pivil sorvants. will not bo. prejudiced if they appeal against the board's decision. 'r ? The steamer Kiama, which figured prominently in connection with the southern coastal trade, and was one of the pioneer boats of the Illawarra Steam Navigation Company, was last week knocked down at auction for the nominal sum of £125. The Kiama 'is an iron paddle bont of 175 tons. She was built at Lanarkshire in 1854,. is 154ft. long, nnd 20ft. in beam, and has a depth of 7ft. 8in. The birth of the first full-caste Chinese boy at Cairns in Kannkaland was cele brated last week when 500 Chinese at tended a banquet in honor of the event, arid 17 leading Europeans were also present at the festivities. Over £300 was spent by the Chinese to provide the feast, and in. gifts to the child. 