CHASED BY A SHARK. I have been in various parts of the globe; like Ulysses, have seen many cities 'adrd " people; ' and, like him, have been through many adventures. Amongst the last-named there is one which has dinted itself in my memory in its every detail. The scene was the most beautiful harbour in the world Rio Janiero. We were lying off the town in our quarantine bekth, for yellow fever had got ahead of the sanitary arrangements, and was just knocking 'the' climate 'and" the people into fits, when two or three compagnons de voyage suggested a bath in the briny. 'It was insufferably hot, and the very mentioi of a'bath was enough'to tempt St. Anthony himself. Had we been Eves,.apples. wouldn't have had the ghost of a chance, but being Adams, the"excessive nature'of the'-sweat of our brow clearly pointed to a bath as being' the most persuasive 'tenptation to succumb to. .Of course we lived'to repent of our fall. Two shakes of a drick's'tails are not u'sually ' supposed to extend over: a lengthy period, and it took just about that time for us to run down the gang way ladder, separately deposit a flannel shirt and trousers, plus socks and shoes; on the lower steps;' and Icap into theW cool, blue wster. It also took about that perieodof time is get 50 fathoms \--say 100 yards-aaster, of the steamer, for Rio has a tide of its own-we learnt that by experien.e. Of course, had we mentioned our bathing propensity to any of the officers we should have been duly notified as to tides and sharks and other inconvenient'arrangements, but, you see, ,e didn't I The tide was I runnig seven miles an hour-a rate I had then exp-rienced in the green and swirling waters of the Aar, where it rushes round the quaint old town of Berne-and as we turned and swam for tlE steamer we found it very hard to make up lost gi ound. My companions were some yards ahead of me, for I had been the first to leap. Slowly and firmly I thrust my arms forward and swept them round. Strongly ar.d regularly I spurned the water with my feet. No one had seen us start, as far as we knew, and the lost ground had to be regained yard by yard, almost inch by inch. There was nothing for it but to swim or drift out to sea. Naturally we preferred to swim. I suppose we had covered some sixty yards or so when suddenly there came a shout fromu the steamer. The chief officer was standing on the taffrail, and what lie shouted gave me a feeling the nearest thing to cramp I ever felt: ' Look out, you fellows ! Swim for your lives ! Of course there were sharks -any number of them-in the bay. Fools that we were, we had forgotten it. 'Swim for youi lives I' I shouted to my two companions, and with that I relapsed into silence and swam for my life. There is a certain emotion possible to man, which used to be called trepidation. It is now more generally called * funk.' At that precise moment of my life-a very critical moment, you will doubtless agree with inme-I was wholly, com pletely, from the hair of my head to the tips of my toes, possessed with funk. It would be more than ordinary difficulty for hair which has been intermittently ducked in the water for several minutes to stand up right. Yet mine did. When your knees are separated as far as is possible for them to separate in that drawn up position peculiar to swim ming, you might not expect them to knock together. But Icatassure you mine did. The expert swimmer-and I flattered myself I was he-rigorously keeps his mouth shut and his teeth set. Yet my teeth chattered, and my jaws convulsively gasped to such an extent that I began to yearn for a stomach pump. I never did fully appreciate the taste cf salt water. Not one moment, however, was to be lost, for quickly turning my head, I saw the black fin of the merciless brute silently but rapidly cleaving the water and momentarily gaining on me. My companion turned to look almost at the same moment. Pale as death, with bloodless lips and an expression in their eyes which I hope I may never again see in a human being, they were straining every nerve to breast that crubl tide, urging their bodies through the water with desperate efforts, and gazing at the great black hull of the steamer with an almost wild despair. I saw all this in a moment, and, as I renewed mny own efforts with redoubled vigour, an icy grasp seemed to tighten round my heart, my head, my limbs, and tell me that in a few more minutes I should be a bleeding, mangled unrecognisable mass in the jaws of the cruellest and most voracious monster of the deep. The seconds passed ; they seemed like hours. I lived my life over again in the space of those three or four minutes, and yet I know that horrors of my impending fate sped swiftly through my manddened brain, and revealed to the very last detail all the agony I was destined to endure. I could see the swift stroke of the shark as he dived below me, the flash of his white belly as he rolled over-for his mouth being underneath he must turn over to bite - I could hear the scrunching of his jaws as he seized my limbs and tore at them, and O God ! I could see the very last glimpse of the sky as I was dragged below the water, away from all possibility of help from my fellow-crea tures, from all hopes of iife-to be devoured ! My companions had reached the gangway-but there was no time for that for me. A lifebelt attached to a rope was flung overboard, and I strained every musc'e to reach it. I could hear now the swift stealthy move ment of the brute as he came nearer, and nearer atid nearer. I made one last desperate plunge for the belt I caught it I Instantly was I pulled out of the water, and I saw the white belly of the shark as he leaped to seize me, but a !ull yard below i I knew then that I was saved-saved from the agonies of an awful death-and the ,ext moment I fell senseless on the deck. 