Patter Pars. Republican Franco is now saturated with Russian Imperialism. Tho C'zar is casting titles about promiscuously. lie might post Mr. Roid something. Members of Parliament nre eligible as Directors oF the to-be amalgamated Savings Bank. Foes, £4 por sitting. Whon members of the Works Com mitteo have a picnic, in Melbourne, lor instance, the Slate navs the niner. Tho death sentences on the Dedereri - will 110 doubt bo commuted to im- : .?'- prisonment for lil'i*. Prenrer lleid - V.' does not believe ill tho- gospel of the gallow». ' ' Several L:ibor membera : walked ostentatiously in the ranks at the Eight Hour . demonstration. Their heads, and-not thoir hnndi-, are horny now. A Lilyaa'e (Vic ) lad who wai sub merged in a well till he looked lifeless was revived after ninety miuutea' treatment. Young Australia does not readily givo up tbe ghost. ' - Both Mr. Reid and Mr. Lyne were very.conBpicuons on Eight Hour Day. At the dinner, however, they woro asked to cut their remarks short. 'Kwong Yick Wah Bo,' 1 he Syd- ^ ney.Chiin-80 Herald, is now printed ! for the first time with Chinese typo. Certain fanatical clorgymen are attacking 1 110 Primate for bis cour teous treatment of dissenting Protes tants and their ministers. 'Oh, for tho .rarity of Christian charity.' Tho Tamworth fortune-teller has been arquitted. Wonder if he wore ?surprised at his own good fortuno ? Tho New Zealand Council very sensibly rejected the Liquor Abolition Bill, as its enforcement required a: flve- sixths-majority. This was almost tantamount to unanimity of electoral opinion. _ Tbo Maoriland Ministry havo an nounced an estimated expenditure of over a million sterling 011 public l, works.. Aud, by the way, - a general election is imminent in that happy country. : Queensland Parliament objects to the proposal to allow the people to elect the Federal representatives, be cause! 'the whole thing would be run by agitators.' This is also an ex quisitely logical reason why general elections should be abolished. . For about the first time in the his. tory of Australia shearing is now pro gressing without a Btrike. The fact is almost incredible. Prosperity is reviving throughout Australia just in time to ensure a big attendance at the Melbourne Cup. Many who have remained away of late years will be seen on tbo lawn this summer. A Melbourne 'Argus' reporter is one of the most regular diners at Lord Brassey's establishment. Arthur Galton is the only writer on tbe Syd- r' ney press who iB often seen at Gov ernment House. But then he was private secretary to two Governors. The N.S.W. Opposition have prac tically abandoned all hope oE ousting the present Government. They allow Mr. Reid to have biB way. The only criticism now heard is from Minis terial and Labor bonches. But evQn the Opposition owe a duty to' the country. It is an ill wind that blowB nobody good. Owing to tho ravages of tbe rinderpest among the cattle of: South Africa a meat famine is threatened at tbe Cape, and the duty on Australian meat is to be removed. Up goes tbe price of Australian stock.' .j: The Socialists have lost their greatest champion, William Morris, the poet. Tho singer was within an ace of securing the laureate.ship. His - political sentiments Btood in bis way, as they also stood in the way of Swin bonrne. Victorian Labor leader Trenwith has been addressing the workers ;of Battersea— John Burns' constituency. It was wrongly reported that Mr. Trenwith was on his way to Australia. Trenwith, it will be remembered, was tbe only politician in Australia to van quish Henry George in debate. Two Syduey D.T. reporters — Wynne and Hunter — narrowly escaped sud den death by being hurled from a tan- ' .V'''. ' dem bicycle under the wheels of a 'bus. They intend fighting the city Council for. damages. The Treasurer of South 'Australia' is in lively anticipation of a heap of re venue shortly in the shape of probate duty Nearly a score of very . rich colonists are reported to be on the point of dissolution. Mr Treasurer lieid has no such grim expectations. The autocar or horseless carriage threatens to be tbe next sensation of the age. The machine travels qt thq rate of lEi'miles'an hour, 'aud vyants neither corn nor shoes. 1 1 is' expected ? in time to eclipse the popularity of the bicycle. It is certain tq' 'sooner or later clear' oity streets of 'bus fyoraqs. R{r ijohn Ejandes. one of the writer^ of ' Oriel 'in tbe Melbourne 'Argus,*' has-writton the words of 'A Dream of Eden ' (music by Mr Henry Alan Rove) which has secured immediate - popularity. 'A Dream of Eden' will before long be heard: throughout Australia. / ? It is really time, the detectives o£ Sydney captured an adventurer or . Of late-many impudent impostors hai./;;;M-^L'r safely skipped from their victims, ? 1 