GOBB'S CHRISTMAS BOX. BR SILAS SNELL. is BLUKF-STJIEET is a retired, semi-genteel thoroug taie in a retiring, semi- genteel suburb; it is d ln,mblted mainly by people who have been something once, and who, apparently, have no hopes of ever being anything again. Birds of a feather will flock together, yet it is really strange that so many people in apparently the same stage ot discreet hard-unneKR hard-upness should 1,„„„ have congregated togetherinthat two hundred yardsof narrow, quiet nd shady street. There is a profusion of trees in I Bluf f - S treet, and every house is surrounded with much shrubbery run wild, in the midst of which the habitation cowers as if modestly seeking to avoi d observation. This is a characteristic of the 'nhabitants too, the most of whom are very reticent and extremely retiring. Usually there is a ' T " ? m ° n S st m Tl? r a '" ient ' lurkin e cnflt h ?. tree £ uards - The P eo Pl e ot Bluff-street know him to be the bailiff manoiuvring to get into No. !), or No 11 or No. 26, and in the main P eo P l0 of some little t r e finemeut they pretend not to pee him and to ^ave no idea whatever of his mission. Nobody in Bluff-street was surprised on finding out one fine morning, a day or two before Christ- 2 as ' that the Gobbs 1,ad fled quietly by night. This waB n0 unusual thing in Bluff-street, tbe P e0 P ,e there havin? an Arab-like fondness for fo,d i ?B U P their few belongings and silently stealing RbfllinirnWAT. away. Tbe Gobbs had lived at No. 11, a modest little four-roomed cottage standing in tbe centre of what had once been a fine garden, but what was now simply simolv a chaotic tangle tanek of of vines vin„E and creepers nd Bering rose bushes. The house, one window « peeped out shyly like an eje from amongEt the wild growth of ivy snd pepper trees that smothered it, bad quite an old and mysterious jr for tt house in this new cou itry, and would have made a snug resort for an amiable JUN, . ghost who bad no desire for notoriety.) Perhaps it was thiB very suggestiveness ab„:,< the house that sent a rumour from one en.i Bluff-street to the other on the evening after t departureof Marmaduke Gobb and bis family tl,, cries 6 ^ had e r been y a heard b o issuing u t N from o n the - place was said, and people who had previously oxpre.-v J a belief that tne house wa6 haunted wc ••„ delighted. There was no disputing the fact thatgomethiiiT unusual was happening at No. 11. Several lad ;Js of Bluff-street had heard strange unearthly VOLL-S «&uitig; ^ the hoi.se, and up till midnight people hung about tbe fence, listening eagerly and swopping ghost stories. , N ? xt DA Y neighbours peered in at the f.., windows of the house, and, although the samo sounds had been heard within ten minutes, niching was to be seen in any of the rooms but a loni> rough deal box turned on its side and apparentlv mDtv ~—v., This lav i„„ in the — front r room J T?; ul o ut tL dav hrrwfuT™i Throughout the day the jwful voice was heard at intervals, and by nightfall the news of the mystery - had spread - through the suburb, and by O'CLOCK there was quite a crowd in Bluff.strPet. 1 1 1 ! V v a f emb,a « e was gratified bv he a "ng the wailing of the goblin, and one or t P eo P ] e ?. ven ventured to tbe windows, and peered l n J nd llEt , Bned > but tlle6e ® aw aDd h " ard nothing, and retlre d presently awed and quaking. At about eleven a policeman arrived, a substantial Milesian, with flame coloured hair and a boundless faith in all sorts of elves, bansbueF spooks, ghosts and goblins. He affected to laugh to scorn the supernatural tears of the crowd, hut approached the house very reluctantly, eupported by the nervous populace. Constable Kagan listened anxiously at the keyhole, and backed off precipitately when a wild, marrow-freezing yell awoke the echoes ot the deserted house. The officer of the law was a long time recovering from the 6hock, and longer in deciding to burst open the door, and at the head of a picked band of men to push investigations further. Candles were procured, the door was forced open, and Ragan and his brave following entered reluctantly and all trembling: A thorough search of these rooms revealed nothing, and the constable was feeling quite reckless again on entering the last. ".Shure," he said, "yez have all been desaved : oere's nayther divil nor ghost here at all, at all.' At that instant a great yell issued seemingly rom the floor at his feet, and the crowd fled precipitately for the outer air, tbe men falling over each other in their hurry, and Constable Ragan falling over the whole crowd. A council of war was held, and it was found to be the general opinion that the voice issued from the long box in the front room. So Kagan screwed his courage to the sticking point and led his army in again. He approached the box very gingerly and tried to turn it over with his foot, but found it too heavy. " Are yez there ? ' he murmured feebly. " Let me out ! let me out!' cried a faint, muffled voice from the box. "Be yez a ghost or pwhat?' queried Ragan, rtill more dubiously. " Let me out! let me out!' answered the voice. The box was very roughly constructed, and apparently filled with straw. The policeman poked bis finger through an opening and pulied away the straw, and up through the hole thus made came a man's nose, decidedly a tangible, human nose, very red, very large and visibly' grog-blossomed. " Sure,'' said Ragan, " it's a rale man ; divil a doubt av it. No dacent ghosts ever had a nose tbe loike av that." An axe was produced, and the top boards of tbe ' "jox were pressed off, and then, out from amongst the straw, they dragged a man—a weary fragment, gaunt and wolfish—in a seedy suit of pale bla.k " For Gawd's sake, give's a drink !'' gasped the npook. Xboy bronght him water. " Water !" he snorted indignantly. " I've Iven stowed in that.box nigh on forty hours. D'yetlnnk l'd insult the thirst I've got with water Y Gitume beer!" Whilst they were bringing tbe beer, he sar on the edge of the box, nursing his head, and using h- occasional bad language, and when the beer va's he wanted lood, and no word of his si,.ry would he tell till food was forthcoming. Tuey filled him up with bread and cheese at tbe pobi'Bman's expense, and then the man out of the box deigned to explain matters. " Name's Giffen," " he said, "I'm a bailiff: I'm in possession here. Ye see, I was trvin' ter get inter this bally house for a month when Gobb >vas here, but Gobb was a cute feller-somet hin' in the literary line, I think-used ter write pomes on tea bags an' sugar paper an' all that-he was too smart fer me, an' beP r me out no matter v.liat tricks I tried, " At last however, I hits on a plan to do him. I'eard he'd some well- to-do relations South Yarra , 1 has meself packed up in this 'ere bos nailed down an'labelled a Christmas 'ainper, an I l"res a van to deliver me here so. " Well, Gobb was awfully surprised, but he ook the box in. An'after a while be pcL= a j hammer an' chisel ter open it. First lick tbe chisel took this bit outer my ear, an' I jes' fei. hed a yell that made Gobb jump like a kangaroo. 1 That let me out—leastwise it kep me in. I hears Gobbtalkin' the matter over with his j wife. ' It's that infernal bailiff,' see he. ' Well, j as he wanted to get in so badly he can stay in noff j he is here, but meanwhile we'll shift, my dr-ar.' " So Rn off nffllu he goes nnoefn.fl for a van. They 'l 1 1. removed every i stick that night, bar my box, an' here I'vt bin'. [ howlin'an' cursin', ever since. I tell you 'taintJ no fun bein' a bailiff, 'specially when you're dealin' dealm' with literary lit*™™ people. nB„nlQ P I'm T'm eff 'n it. An' */Thow,r I'll 'ave some more beer!" He left for tbe nearest pub., accompanied bv Eagan, and Bluff-street knew him no more, but it will never forget the story of Gobb's Christ^ Box." 