BOXING. MAHER AND FITZSIHMQHS. BOB'S BUSINESS ACUMEN. 15,O00dol Win or Lose. Will FIGHT COEBETT NEXT. \ rcter Jackson Again. ? Corbett May Come to Australia— Billy Murphy Beatou— llall and Choynskl Will meet — General Paglllstio Gossip — Something About , Grlffo. ... .' (FltOlI OTJE SPECIAL COMMISSIONER IN AMERICA.) , , San Fbancisco, January 9. IVheh I was down in Arkanaaw in Ootobor of laat year, wearily waiting for the Oorbett Fitzsimmons babble to burst, I foil in with newspaper men whom I bad not set eyes on since tbo time that Pompadour Jim and Charlie MitohoH bad their abort Bweet apat in Florida. It oan bo easily understood, for that matter, how big pugilistio OTents, as noil as othor happenings of world-wide interest in the sporting line, drew members of tbe scribbling profession together from tho four corners of tho universe, and bow they drift apart— to nwaet again on the next occasion — when tho oi-uel war is over. I happened to be ono of a small cotorio of rpenau-wioiacrB tuat labored on tue help one ?another' principles over since ring pastimes wero first made ft feature in New Orleans. Wo swopped notes during tbo evening writo-. op, and used to drink beer and have good times generally long after the telegraph instru ments coo sod clicking- each night. We never parted, when handshaking timo came, without looking forward with ptaasurable feelings to onr next merry meeting, and we wero always fairly sure of being thrown together once a year at least. Bnit on the occasion of the late lamented fizole wns different. Eaoh of onr small band felt that the noble art bod received a knook oufc blow, and wbon the good-bye-Boason came alone the conundrum ' when shall wo throe xrieet again?' remained unanswered until one Of us remarked, 'It will scaroely bo at a 'championship ring-sido, but anyhow wo oau boast that we were in at tbo death.' I oito the foregoing to show that a fellow never knows exactly ' whore ho ie at,' for at tho moment of writing there is not the shadow of a doubt bnt that tho same old band of fight ?chroniclers will bo loading down tho wires with despatches and swapping reminiscences in the wee am' hoars at or near El Paso, ToxaB, in ? tbo aoming month of February. More than j that, the game of fisticuffs, instead of boing ; moribund, seema to have takcu a frosh loaso ' ; of life with tho New Yoar. Championships of ;»U sorts and BizeB are to be fought for in the I week that '.PETEtt MAHEH AND BOB TTTZS1WM0NS MEET todooMetbo firBt beat of the Championship fc'takoB, and it is a forogono aonolusion almost that the big fight will bo followed by another IN WHICH COEBETT WILL FIGURE, uuIqbs he succeeds in m&king; bis escape to Australia in tho meantime. \- 3tforo than that, an ovoninc; paper liero — with bow mnch authority I have beeu unable to diaoovor— is disseminating tho news that 3?eter Jackson is to return to this country shortly, and that ho will sen to it that tbo championship question is not finally passed upon until bo has had a ohance to vote. Aooording to tho journal roforred to, Peter is wroth at tho lurid stories whioh have been 'Oiroulatod concerning his condition, Sundry British fighters and returned Amerioan sports havo always had something dismal to unload anent Peter's failing faculties when they reached New Tork, and it is beginning to look os if souio of the weird whispers have been '.'.'_. wafted back to Jackson, and be is bent on coming over hero again ro that the American people may judge for themselves of bow ho '??? lOoks. , '-:?.... But to return to the February Carnival The -^- -man who is at the bottom of it all is ' . ' . . DAN ETI7ABT, OF DALLAS, ',., lie who dropped so muoh good American money trying to find a Govornor-proof battle ground for Corbott and Fitzsiminons. D.ui is a philosopher, nnd, uiorcovor, as his name might suggest, bo has all that dogged persistency ?wbioh is. a obaracteristio of the old Scotch stock from whioh be sprung. When evory ' _ body was down in tho mouth over tho ueomiug flattening out o£ the fighting industry at Hot Springs, Dan made a littlo speech as followB : — ' Two days aftor I agreed to bring this fight to Hot Springs I hoard of o-placo down Now Mexico wuy where tho match could be brought off without tho least danger of intorforonco. As I bad already made a contract with the Hot SpringB folks, I could not give tho Mexioan proposition a thought, but now I am .Boiug to spy out the crround. If I don't find it no ono will over hear from me, but if it is all O.K. I will make, another bid for tho privilego of handling a' Championship fight. You can hot your last dollar, too, that if the offer comes from mo I'll know pretty near what I am doing. _ I have bad some oxperience lately, nnd I don't intend to throw good money after bad.' To make a long story as short us possible, Stuart -wont, be saw, and ho telegraphed Worth, 'I HAVE FOUND IT.' Corbett in tbo moautimo had retired and Wahor had whipped O'Dounell, so that Stuart switchod bia Corbott- Fitzsimmons offer to FitEsimmous-BIahor. Peter, who' is an ambitious young Celt, and who, ' by tho \- - ; Bamo token,' jib ho soinutimoa puts it, wants . to get ovon with Fitzsinitnons for that former liommoring, administered at Now Orleans, aaoeptod without demur, but Strawberry Bob ?was coy — and shy. Erst ho kicked about tho size of the purso. He said thut if his match with Corbett was ?worth 20,000dol, that his go with Maber should not be ratod as a half- price affair. Next he Baid that Fobruary U was too far away. Ho . wanted bijiger money and quicker action. Of oonrse tho ory went up, ' FITZ HAS FLUNKED AOAIN.' (They say ' flunked ' hero, where tho English Bay 'funtod.' It's Blaug iu either ooBe, though, as Charlie Mitchell ouoo remarked, ' It makos R L of a difference.') It appears xtow that it was business acumen more than a doBire to dodtre tho Irishman that was tbo . matter with Fitz. Ho had hoard, and heard truthfully, that thero was a bi(; kiuetoaeopio concern at tho back of Stuart'u offer, and be knew that there waa big monoy in tho vonturo somewhere. Fitzy wanted a slioo of it, aud there isn't a doubt but that lie is going to get it. - When Stuart heard that Fitzsimmons wns Taiaing objections, ha aaid, ' That's all right. I guess he'll conio to time wbon I havo had a talk with him.' Euro enough Fitz came to time, and uow people say that, win or lose, Fitzsimmons will got A COLD FIFTEEN THOUSAND DOLLARS OUT OF THE FIGHT. Billy Brady, Corbott's friend, guido, and philosopher, goes further, and sayB that 'SimmonB will also bavo a 30 per cent, interest on the kinetoaoopic profits, but I don't believe ' they'll let him in that far. Anyhow, Fitzsimmons is uow at Juarez, »oross the river from El Paso, and IS TBAININQ HARD 7or the coming fight, whioh is to be (acoording to articles) for lO.OOOdol aside and a pnrse of lO.OOOaol. To show that he still hungers for a oraok at Corbott, Fitz says that in tho aveut of his whipping'Maher ho will allow tho ten thousand istakcs to remain in the hands oC the holder, aud will FIGHT CORBETT IN THE SAME B.ING on tho following day. To thin, aa well as to nundry quories as to whether he wishes to be considered still retired, Corbott has made reply to the offeot that he will be aftor Fitzsiramonn hot foot the moment the latter denotes bis superiority over tho Irishman. As regards ttluhor, Corbett explains that be will not try to wrest the laurels from him unless Peter issues a pointod challenge. ' In the latter caao,' murmurs Corbott, 'I will attend to Mr. Mahor.' Now whilo this little talky-talk was in pro gress the old story. concerning cohbett'8 pmsioal decline cropped up ngain. It was started in the East, and the author of tho revised edition Baid em phatically that Corbett was a wrook, that lie uou'id Dover enter u ring in such shape as to do himself justice, and that Brady, above all others, wiisalivo to tho fact, ami would use every endeavor to prevent Jinifroin matching biiueell' with anybody. I -7 This news reached Fitzsimmons, and he added a few remarks to those bo had already made. He said ho was sorry to hear that Cor bott was on the down grado, but that ho in tended to set himself right over that Arkanaaw fiasco. ' I will follow Corbett from town to town, and I will ohallougo him evon if I have to step upon every stage he acts on,' said Robert. ' I. will either make him fight me or admit that he is iu no condition to fight.' Judging from Robert's taotics at Littlo Eock, I don't think he will go to such ex tremes, but we shall BOO. : Corbett, of oourse, bad to be heard from again aftor Bob had embellished bis opening speech to tho extent mentioned. Jim said this time that ha would be at the ringside when the fight catno off, and that if Fitz won he would challenge him to box within a fort night. Now, if Corbett is on baud at all thoro will be a match in store for him sure, for oven if the Irishman wins, ho is morally Buro, in the exuberance of his glee, to throw out a dofi. to all and sundry, and probably to Corbett in particular. When on tho occasion of tho MahorO'Dou noll fight .Corbott jumped into the ring aud whispered in Potor's stalwart oar tbat he (Corbett) wished to relinquish tho champion ship iu his (Potor's) favor, Mahor is quoted as saying, ' I don't want it that way; I would rather fight for it.' Oorbett folt tbo mild re buko at tho time, and whon some weeks later Manager Quimi. who directs Mailer's fortunes, expressed regret that he had promised, on behalf of his man, not to challenge Corbett, Jim no doubt foresaw that Mahor would con sider the bars down in the event of his whip ping Fitzaimmoiia. Therefore I say the out look is passing bright for nuothor. champion- ship light to follow tho aoming one... ? ? . . Incidentally I ought to moutiou that I' do not tako much stock in tho rumors concerning Corbott'B condition. I w»s satisfied from tho kind of work I saw him doing at his Spring Luke training quartors lust October that HE CARRIES AS BIG QDNS AS EVER, nnd I don't boliovo ho has anything to fear from Fitzsimmona or Maher just yet awhile. How ho may-loom up if Peter Jitoksou comes back looking anything like tho Peter of old, and looking for fight,' will requiro going into a little decpor, but thon— that, is another story. Corbett, I think, is beginning to reulino that a retired fighter isn't vory much of a drawing card after all. You sea Jim had n brand new play ('A Naval Cadet') waitiug for him while tho turmoil was in progress at Hot Springs, and he was longing the worst way to inflict it on the public. He labored— and still labors— ....??. ?.:?.'?? UNDER THE DELTTSION THAT HE CAN ACT. This conviotiou had such mastery of him that ho considered he could afford to forget that ho ever thumped his fellow rneu for u living. Ho waa confident that he could charm tho siveraga theatre-goer with the witchery of his voice and shape, and empty benohea are beginning to impress upon him that our most forward' aotor-lighters have to get out and wallop some body nvery once in awhile, or the ghost will languish and ref usq to perambulate. To be plain, 'A M aval Cadet ' is playing to poverty-stricken business, and Jim CorbettV excuse for abjuring pugiUim — that it was forcing him to forego highly lucrative theatrical engagements, has boon knockud into a cocked hat./ A cruel oritic in Cincinnati said that Jim advanced as a roasou for for saking the ring that be wanted tbo Press nnd the public to lot him alono for a while. The critic said further that Jim's desire was about accomplished, for the Press seldom mentioned his name, and the publio kept away from his show. ? ' : . \ , ?Iu striking contrast to the monumental cold shoulder that is being prosoutod to Corbott is tbo manner in which the ring followers at large are rallying around Peter Mdher'8 banner. Ho had a benefit at Madison Square GndciiB the other night, and a crowd of EIGUT THOUSAND PERSONS WERE ON HAND to greet hinil Than when ho wnlkod dowu the' street to' take' the ferry for Jersey City, or somewhere, a brass band accompanied him, pUyius; ' Hail to the Chief ' or ' Come Back, Potor,' or something iu that line. And all this because ho is eoiuj; to fight Bob Fitzsiuiraons for the ' championship of .tho wurriild,' and has cnscrolled on his banner the motto, ' First come, first served.' No ono can tell mo that Jim Corbott isn't chewing the cud of bitteivreaoctiou all the time the great unwashed is howling paaus of praise to Irish Potor. , Jim loves adulation as a kanaka lovea jumper juice, and if he doesn't turn his .face ringvrttrd again beforo the vear is two months old I will begin to think that there is a weak spot in his condition after all. Ho certainly won't bo able to take refuge bchiiid the plea that his theatrical intorestB will suffer it. ho elects to ffo. into training agaiu. Tho attenuated houseo that '? ANavul Cadet' is ebovrini; to now prove such a stand to be Vory untenable. As a matter of fact, this El Paso fight has ah air of inoompletencBs about it no matter how one looks at it. If Fit:: repeats his Now Orloana performance and downs the rising young Hiborniau he will have to. tako on Corbott or make Jim admit that he doesn't want to be taken on. If Fitz evades this second iBBue ho will not receive ou atom of credit for his defeat of Maher. Corbett will be thrown iu . bis teeth every time ho appears iu public, and he will bo a veritable singed cat iu the sporting community. . ? Muhor may bo treated mpro kindly, but it will be hard to acoept him aB tho best man in tho world while Joo Goddnrd, who whipped him, and Ed. Smith, who whippod Qoddard, are still in tho ring. But he can, for the'timo baing anyhow, wavu Goddard and Smith aside if he clouts to break a lance with Corbott; It is Corbott principally that the publio will look to him to ohalleujre, for Corbett is popu larly supposod to be the peer of Smith and Goddard, and, in fact, all contemporaneous bruieere. Eemomber thia.Petor, old man, whon tho fateful day in February is past, and viotory has (perhaps) porohod upon, your banner. Give Oorbett tho overlook, and uneasy will lie that pugilistically-crowned pale of yours. THE GHOST OP OORBETT, WILL BE EVER AT TOUR ELBOW ; it will gibber at you every time you attempt to write ' Potor Mahor, Champion of the World,' and it will innko spirit photographs of all tho fuU;dress pictures you havo taken with Mauager Quinn standing beside you. There ia quite a discussion going on now in sporting circles us to the exact degree of courage posaessod by Mahor and Fitzsimmous respectively. Eaoh man has his champions, and caoh has any uumbor of reflections cast upon bis pluck. Iu Mahor' a case the ono who mincos matters the least is well-known Pat Sheody. I append what he says, aud it will bo noticed that soft-voiced Pat speaks moro iu sorrow than in anger of the Celt's alleged cowardice :— 'Tho heroio sentiment that 'thora nevor was a oowuru wuoro cue suanirooK grew is, 1 think, ? . . BELIED IN THE CASE OF PETER MAHER. ,' I may bo mistaken,' and,- if so, I am willing to rotrnot. With my own oyes, however, I saw Mahor deliberately ,..,'- . ? ' LAY DOWN ' ON TWO OCCASIONS. Tho first was at Now Orloans with Bob Fitz aiininona in 1892; the socond, about M months- later, with Joe Goddard, at Coney Island. At Neir Orleans .be said to Fitzsimmons within the hcarini; of fifty people, in the clevunth round, 'D.oh't knock mo out; I'll quit.' He did. .'.'quit' in the next round. At Canoy Island ho 'quit' with Joe Goddard in tho third round, when he almost had the AuBtta Han dead to tho world. He didn't speak this time ; ho simply lay on the srround, alternately Bqnintiug at Eoforee John 'P. Bckhart and the ferocious Australian, who stood iu tho middle of tho linjr waiting for him to arise. Potor bad a sufficiency, however, and would not get up. 'I lay.no storo by Maher's defeat of O'Donnoll. Tho latter is tho rankest counterfeit that ever stepped ovor a rope. Ho is worse even than Jem Smith, of England. ' Scientists say that experience in any field of action overcomes timidity, and Maher's admirers argue that Peter's * victories will implant courage in his bosom iu further contests. For tho sake of many of my acquaintances I hope it may be so. I am some of a Bceptio, however, and boliovo that : . A HERO, SOLDIER OR FIGHTER IS BORN, NOT. MADE. Such a man was gallant Juok Dempsay, who faced that giant froak, Bob Fitzsimmons, when he knew he was going to cottaiu de- . foat. He stayed with Fitz, too, one round longer than -big Peter did. And note the difference. 'Don't knock me out; I'll quit,' cried Maher. ' I can't quit ; you 11 have to kuookmoout; I would do it to you if I could,' was ' brave Jack D'ompsey's reply to the Australian's plea to atop and tako lOOOdol. for bo doing. Jaok was nearly butchered, but the lion's heart was there. Death was pre ferable to defeat. 'If Mahor meets and defeats suoh rook ribbed; iron-souled warriors as Joe Goddard, ?addy Slavin and Joe Ohoynaki, I will boliovo that courage, like wino, improves with ago.' Suoh others us voioe the opinion tbat Maher is far from being lion-hearted refer to the ?peoifio tights adduced in evideooo by Sheedy. Those who take the opposite view say that in the Fitzsimmons match Peter wus a green lad, that be was homesick aud out of condi tion, and that he acquired stage-fright when he saw the tiors of human faces peering down at the ring. Iu the Goddard match some of those who take sides with Maher say that he was fairly boateu down— that he was in ill health that timo, too, and that be eot too fast a pace in tho oarly stages in tbo hopes of outing Joo quiokly, tho reault boing that ho collapsed as much from shoerfatiiruo as from the hard knocks the Broken Hill bruiser administered to him. But a summing up of all the opinions given plainly indicates that Mahor ia not regarded as the quintessence of grit. ' Fitz's traducers use a whole lot of ingenious argumonts to support their contention that he is a quittur. They say ;r. HE SHOWED THE FEATHER IN THE ?'??? MAHER FIOHT, and that the same pale plumo was Iu ovidenco whon he faced Choynski and Jim Hall. Now, I think this is eoing a trifle too far. It appears to me that a man with as confined brain area as I'itzsimmona' is always liable to act queer and look queer whon ho gets an extra hard rap ou the knowlodge-box ; but what of it if he has Rood recuperative powers, and puils throujrh all right by judging timo F I have heard from the lips of a hundred peoplo how when Fitzsimmons n-afl clouted by Maher, Hall, and Choynaki in their several fights he went scuttling around like a fowl with a broken neck, and that 'ono more punch' would havo nettled it every timv. It strikos mo as being a feather (aud not a white one) in the strawberry blonde's cap that ho avoided those 'one moro punchos,' and managed to get away with his throe antago nists. That ho was able to turn the tables so quiokly iu each caso showed that while his braiu may addle from a punoh it oloars with remarkable rupidity, and also shows that he retained his strength and punching power oven if ho was befogged for a while. No, I will want moro conclusive evidence than any of tho fights reforrod to beforo I full in line with those who dub Fitz a our. Thero are lots of peoplo who base thoir belief in Fitzsimmnns' lnok of courage on his peculiar methods during the time such, vain endeavors were biting, made to get him and Corbett together in Arkansaw. There is no doubt hut that the long fellow did not qnoerly, but while he seemed to exhibit all the earmarks of a oriven, it is just possiblo that some thing: other than tho' fenr of a drubbing doterrod him from conforming to all tho plans laid down bythoso who thought they saw a way clear to outwit the Governor and brine off the fight. FITZ WAS : UNDOUBTEDLY STONE BROKE just about that time. His backers (if he ever had any) had withdrawn thoir support, and as the Corbott contest was an all or nothing affair, it can easily bo seen that Robert would have boon in a bad way finan cially if tho mill had gone against him. An outlook of that character will sharpen the wits of a duller man than Fitz, nnd it may be that if Stuart and the Hot Springs' folks in addition to guaranteeing him an uninter rupted trip into the great health resort by special train had gnaranteed him a sub stantial loser's end to the purse, tbe Cornish-' man would have taken more interest iu the proceedings. Another way of accounting for Fitz'a shy ness at the time inferred to ia that ho was much lighter iu weight than ho expected to be, and that he was determined not to face Cor bett until ho was in bettor shape. I noticed myself that ho looked skinny, even for him, when I saw bim at Little Bock, and many of the newspaper boys were of the opinion that ho was ? : .;?' ?'*??? NO. HEAVIER THAN WHEN HE MET DEMPSEY. If such were the case thoro would bo some excuse for Fitz not wanting to meet bijr, burly Corbutt at that particular timo, but 'any- how, the situation ia iu such shape now that it looks as if all these little Becrets.will be laid bare within a few months. '.'??; ?If. talk goes 'for anything both Maher and Bob aro having tho pleasautest kind of day-' droams in connection with. their comiugroHl. Bob says that it will bo all over within aevcu rouuds; nnd that ho will subjeot the Irishman' to a : moro vigorous haudliug than he did at Now Orleans even. . Peter Bays lie will do the trick within two rounds, and the only thin? he is sorry for is that tbe publio won't have a vory extended run for tboir money. . Dari Stuart- has not made known the exact location of the carnival of fights ho is arrang ing', but it ib pretty sure that the bull-ring in Jill Juarez, N.M., throo miloa from El- Paso, Tex., is to bo the sceuo of excitaaaeut.^Stuart's reason for koeping tho place dark is obvious. He has had considerable to do with promoting glove contoats during the past year, and every time ho has made known the spot on which ho iutendedto pitch his ring, thero hnB been a hubbub, whioh has resulted in tho gang being otdored, figuratively speaking, to move on. People go so far as to Bay that the Governors of . Texas and Arkansaw both intimated to Stuart in the beginning that he could k'O aboRd with his arrangements, hut that when the preachers and the other enemies of the ' noble graft,' as Steve Brodie oalls it, begin to register their kicks against tho noble soilof Texas and Arkausaw beiner profaned; the Governors saw their mistake, and with a'this is-tho-Urst-I-hcard'Of-it ring to their 'official tones, proclaimed : ' This thing has got to etop right bore.' ? , . V . . In the present condition of affairs, however, tho opposers of pugilism do not know which particular Governor to train their guns on, and, aa Stuart naively argues, ' it is as well that it is bo. They would only harass the Governor and. worry themselvos, and-beaidos, they will have more time to devote now to watching the morals of their own little flocks.' I had a telegram from Stuart the other day; It was iu reply to one I sent him asking for his official programme, and also requesting soine tbiner in tho way of assuranco . .. ? ? . THAT THE FIGHTS WOULD TAKE PLACE. His wiro informed mo that there would be bull fights as well as man iigbtB, and that tho programme was not thoroughly oomplete. 'At present,' wired Stuart, ' we have Maher and Fitzsimmons for February 14, Waloott and ' Bright Eyes' for tho 15th, and Griff u and Jack Evorhart for the 16th. Direotly Pedlar Palmer arrives in New York from London our agent will try to sign him for a go with Jimmy Barry, and that will about constitute ? the oarnival .: programme'. ' The money to be given in puraea amounts to 25,000dol, and provision is made on each set of articles that if I fail, to furnish the place to fight on the da to mentioned the pugilists oan '??.-.? ''? - ? ,- DIVIDE THE PURSE HONEY BETWEEN THEM. In view of my past experiences, this should be tho best assurance that I am oertain of my ground this time.' So sure is Stuart that ho has secured a con TiuciuK-ground whioh iis safe from the attacks of tbo moralists that he has been heard to remark that he could ADVERTISE A DUEL AND CARRY IT THROUGH . without fear of interference. What the status of affairs will bo after the firat oarnival is worked off can only be guoBsed at, but there is Buro to bo oceans of opposition to tho carrying out of auother suoh scheme. Of oourse, as the saene is laid in New Mexico the United States authorities will bo powerless to interfere, but that will not prevent the oppononta of boxing on this side of tbe Bio Grande from appealing to Prosident Diaz to discountenance further fighting. In such a caso the Prosident may put iu his spoke, and order that nothing more debasing than bull fights will be permitted in his domaiu in future, or, on tho other hand, ho may becomo onamorsd of the game of fisticuffs and resolvo to become a friond of tho game. If he doeB this 189G will bo a busy year, for the matoboa that will bo arranged will be simply legion, and.Naw Moxioo will be voted THE NEW ruaiLISTIO MECCA. I have justloarnud that tho GRIFFO-EVERHART FIGHT IS OFF, and that Stuart will have to find something instead of it for his carnival programme, ft is said that a finish go between Jerry Marshall and George B-ixon will bo substituted, and that in the moauttme efforts will bo made to sign Kid Lavigno with Evorhart. Lavignois not vory anxious to make n match just now, as ho contemplates a trip to England in a fow weeks. He ia to meet Dick Burgo, I believe, on tho other Bide, and does not want to enter into any now arraugements whioh will dolivy his trip. The reasons for the calling off of tho Esror hart-Grifto match aro not given out in very implicit shape, but it is stated tbat Griffo's manager warned tho Stuart people that Griff would not go ahead with his contract. It is thought by some that Griffo's bondsmen (for bo still has bondsmen) do not cotton to the idea of allowing him to leave the United States— as ho would have to do iu order to fight in New Mexico— whilo others say that Griffo has out grown all his light-woight proportions, and CANNOT POSSIBLY GET DOWN TO WEIOHT. A spiteful few say that a finish fight has no relish for Griffo, and hence his reluctance to meet Everhart or anyone else in an ondurance contest. Whataror tho cause, however, Griffo is out of it, nnd there is a good doal of disap pointment among those who wished to see how he would acquit himself iu a go to a finish. The '-Bright Eyos,' whois to meet Waloott, is a Tolas production, and, like his opponent, is a puro negro. Thoy think well of him down Texas way, but judging from past per formances I should think that O'Bourke's protegd will win in a common canter. PEDLAR. PALMF.R IS NOW IN NEW YORK, but up to the present Stuart's agents do not seem to have gained his assent to a go with Jimmy Barry, tho Chicago midget. Palmer has lent himself to a four-round scheme with George Dixon at Madison Square Gardens, and (bis looks as if there is a hippodroming stroak in the English boy's nmW-up. Of course he will make monny out of tbo affair, for there will bo a biff crowd ou bund to see him inaction with the Boston foatUor-w eight, but unless Peddler is a lightning striker he will suffer by comparison iu a short go with Dixon. Billy Plimmor of course got a decision over Dixon under just such circumstances when Stovo O'Dounell wns refereo, and Dixon has been itohing over since to. remove that blot from his escutcheon. G'Bourko, Dixon ant their following always held that O'Dounell had GIVEN THEM THE WORST OF IT, ''''v nnd for years O'Eourko has been praying that all kinds of bad luck might descend on poor Steve's head. In the meantime Dixon used his persuasive powors, to no purpose, to draw Plimmer into a return match. Billy was a bit too ounning. He know that he could live for quite a while on the reputa tion of being the only youuifster who had ever got a deoision over Crackajaok Dixon, and he did not propose to make light of the advantage he had gained. Therefore, whenever Dixon montioned tho word 'fight,' Billy replied, ' Certainly j all tho fight you want. Bat you must come to my weight.' Not an ounce would' the dapper little Briton concede, and as it was simply impossible for Dixon to got to the notch mentioned by Plimmer aud retain a vestige of his strength, thero was no roturn match. ' - ? ? Dixon now probably considers that the next best thing to licking Plimmer is to liok the boy who licked Plimmer, and unless tho affair is a cut and dried fake from tho outset, the little mulatto will make fur fly when the gong lots him loose at tho Londoner. It will be the phanco of Dixon's life, for ho has fretted more over that adverse decision in his sprint with Plimmor than he has over anything that ever bapponoil to him. Knowing this, and knowing what a clattering pace Dixie can set for four rounds, I would not be a bit surprised to see Palmer's^ hopes of bucoobs in this country nipped in the bud as . offcotually as were Arthur Valentino's. As Palmer was not matched with Barry soon after his arrival, I am beginning to think that ho will not figuro iu tho Mexican carnival. I am sorry for it, too, as in my opinion the go between tho little follows would have beeu the star match of the series. However, there are any number of others anxious to battle under Stuart's banner, so tbat there will bo no lack of pugs in caso tho Dallas sport promoter de cides to extend his fistio fiesta a fow days longer. From the way the prominent'sports are talk ing in the East just now, ono would imagine that the carnival , WILL NOT ENTICE VERY MANY OF THE ; OLD ARMY OF FIGHT-FOLLOWERS away from their homes. Tho disgust they folt over the miserable ouding to the last cham pionship match still lingers with them, aud they declare they are not going to be drawn to a distance on another wild goose ohase. It strikes inu, though, that when tbo ovontful wook in mid- February ia close at hand those old war veterans will 'begin to sniff tho battle from afar, and will grow roBtless. They may not go. South for tho sole purpose of Booing those .fights — oortainly not — but I'd like to have a dollar a head for every New Yorker, Bostohian, and Chicugoan that will be in the neighborhood of tho Juarez bull-ring when the first blow ia Btruok. Stuart, of course, is so happily placed on account of tbo backing he is irotting from the kiuetoscopo people that he does not have to rely on publio patronage so muoh as would otherwise havo been the cn.Be. For all that he will have a big crowd to handle if I am auythins; o£ a prophet. There will oertuiuly be a big. crush of sports from New Orleans, which is within a day aud a half of the bull riug, and the Texas delegation iu itself will be an enormous one. Then there will be the cattlemen of Arizona and the miners of Now Mexico, to say nothing of the other residonts of tho ; last-named- oountry, who aro just be ginning to acquire a taste for this kind of sport. \ ? ? ? ' . : the ' REFEREE ' WILL AS USUAL BE ? ; . , REPRESENTED BY MYSELF, and I expect to sao as motley and picturesque a crowd of humanity thoro as ever gathered at a ring side. There will be Louisiana plauters, Mexican vaqueros, and Arizona cowboys galoro, and there will be plenty of well- dressed, diamond-bedocked gentry to fill in with. UnlpsB I am mistaken the surround ings will be as interesting as the fights them solves, nnd while 'the native-bom Mexicans may fret oxcited over tho first big fistio carni val they have witnessed, it will probably bo nothing to the way the Northerners will eon duot themselves whon the BULL FIOHTS COME ON THE BOARD. While I think of it I want to mention that Billy Brady, Corbott's rnanagor, has been talking for some time of ' MAKING A TRIP TO AUSTRALIA. For that matter some of the Eastern papers had.it that he was already on his way, butl have seen since where he has turned up in Pittsburgh or some other city over that way. The purpose of Brady's mission is ostensibly to pave the way for a Trilbv invasion nf tho colonies. He is interested in several com panies which are presenting tho dramatised version of Du Muurier's work on different theatrical routes, and it is only natural that ho Bhonld wish to afford ' our Australian counins' an opportunity of making the -ac- quaintance of Svengali and Trilby and Little liillee. But some people think that whon Brady goes out your way he will also arrango dates FOR THE AUSTRALIAN TOUR OF JAMES J. CORBETT. Whatever guise he goas in, Brady will be found to be good company. Ho is as bright as a new dollar, and is a very oompanionable follow. He is business from the drop of tho liat, and while he is tho shrewdest of sbroivd bargainers, and a terribly fluent talkor when lio is arguing his own side of a proposition, I have yet to hoar of him being guilty of a shabby aot. That, I consider, ia saying a good deal for a man who ib as much before the publio as ho is, and who has so many irono in tho fire. I think I have Riven about all the space I oan sparo to tho bright lights of flstiana, and now I want to say a little SOMETHING ABOUT THE SMALL FRY. Jiiuy fllurphy, I see, got a dressing down at the hands of Solly Smith reoontly. The fight came off in Now Orleans, and, according to all accounts, the Torpedo ran socond throughout. It was a fast fight from tho start, and the manner in whioh tho pair of huniau windmills performed was a aaution to see. Murphy's )lows wore wilder than the other fellows, and by the time the tenth round was reached the little New Zealander was in Queer-Btreet. Tho end come in the fourteenth round, whon Solly, after FLOGGING HIS MAN ALL OVER THE BING, sent him under the ropes with a terrible thump on the baok of the head. Murphy mauaged to get to his feet, but ho was glussy oyod and weak-kuoed. Tho referee Btopped tho oontost nt that poiut, and as soon as Murpby'B brain oleared he shook hands with Smith and thanked him for bis fair fighting. ''I AM TOO OLD TO FIGHT NOW,' he added, ' I thought I oould give as good an Kocount of myself ns ever, but now I know tho difference. I oan't bear the strain of a hard battle any more.' This was quite an admission for Murphy to make, and it is beginning to look as if the gathering yoara are putting sense iuto his noddle. LITTLE JIMMY ANTHONY doesn't neom to bo getting along as well as ha mieht in tho East. Ho has had sovnral short bouts with looal men around Now York, and tbo critics of the frame over that way don't say much in his favor. Thoy commend him for hie pluck) bnt arguo that that is about all ho has to recommend him, as he is awkward in style, and doesn't show up to advantage evon when put against third-rate men. Sam Fitzpatriok, in ono of his lotterB to me, saysi 'Anthony not a decision over Dave O'Connor at Patersou, N. J., the other night in an eight-round bout. I didn't see tho go, but they say that JIMMIE WAS A DISAPPOINTMENT. ' He has spiit with Martin Dowling. I don't know tbo cause, but I know that Dowliug is a good follow, and I think that Anthony was foolish for breaking away.' Sam has quite a lot to say about his protege, Kid Lavigno, whom he thiuks THE GREATEST 133LB MAN THAT EVER ,. LIVED. 'I think we will arrange a match between 'The Kid' and Jack M'Auliffo,' continues Sain. ' It will bo either four or bix rounds, and will tako place at Madison Squaro Gar dens. The result of the go may load to a longer fight afterwards.' Unless tho programme has been altered since, this go between M'Auliffe aud Lavigno will come off at a benefit to the latter to be civen at Madiaou Square on the niRht of ttm 9th. Tho oue thing that may stop it is a dis covery whioh some New York physician has made in conuection with ono of M'AuIiffe's arms. He had it broken in a contest some months ago. and the bone has uot healed properly. The doctor now proposes TO BttEAX THE ARM AGAIN AND RE-SET IT, and of courso if this is done Lavigno will have to depart for England without haviug had the pleasure of facing M'Auliffo. JOE CUOYNSKI AND JIM HALL 3. are to moot in New York in a couple of weeks. It looks as if they will get togother this time for ' suro.' Thoy are both hard at work, and according to Fitzpatrick and other correspon dents of mine, the go promises to bo a hummer. ,1ob is anxious to get up amoncst the tip toppers, and if he downs Jim Hall it will strengthen his claims for a go at Fitzsimmons. ED. SMITH, OF DENVER, conqueror of Joo Goddard, is also making him self hoard again. He wants to fight anybody and everybody, and some peoplo arc advidiiif; him to wait awhile until Goddard nrrivos from Johannesburg. Fat Shoedy is of the opinion that Goddnrd will give the ' new champion,' whoovur he may be a, hard battle. Pat says that Goddard JmB thoroughly re covered his old form, and that he is tbe most formidable fighter in the business to-day. Ed. Smith says thut Goddard has no occasion to (ro gunning for ' n«w obampions,' that he (Smith) will fight him direotly Goddard says he is ready, evon if the match involves a journey to South Africa. -.;_-- .. ? „ _-\y, -ry_ Nattghton. 