SATURDAY, JULY 18; 1896. * . . . ' ? . PROTECTIONIST FUTILITIES. Protection la at present in ft parlOiia condition. The enthusiasm of the nfflta*. who believed, in the simplicity of thei^ hearts, that a protective tariff woq1« stimulate every "branch" of iaduBtry wrif . give employment to all, .has died awsy» It has been found in Victoria, as else where, that the highest duties have not been able to ensure employment, and that the protected trades are precisely those in which there is most sweat ing. Protection still lives, but it lives on - the tradition of the past It is on this antiquated feeling that the prophets of the party presume when they deprecate a policy of free trade as too ridiculous to be entertained. Has not Victoria, they urge, already pronounced in favour of protection? Has it not decreed that this is the policy ^ of liberalism, of progress, of the working man. ? And does it not follow, by fc logical necessity, that everyone who sets himself agaiust the settled policjf of the country is unprogressive, is illiberal, and an enemy of the workere ? This, together with misrepresentations o| the trend of afeira elsewhere, to the cheap claptrap to which . protec tionists are now reduced. Their desire is to induce people to close their eyes tp facts, in the belief that the whole ques tion is settled and beyond the reach o£ controversy. We, on the other hand, believe that the people of this colony have only to consider the facts for the® selves to realise the extent of their past > delusions. There was some excuse for the adoption of a policy which was intro duced as the herald of untold blessings. But these Banguine expectations have led to disappointment, and Victoria, with all her advantages of soil and climate and energy, has been losing ground. A policy which, has belied all its promises is not to be continued in definitely. In the country district^ especially there are cheering signs of atl awakening. It is a signidcant fact that in Vitliers and Heytesbury, where Uje vote was split between two freetradertJi' the protectionists had not the courage to' put forward a man of their own, knowing r that he would not have the ghost of * chance. The pleasing prospect which the protectionists offer is the continuance of heavy Customs taxation, and a land tax "into the bargain. In Villielfe and Heytesbury it was taken as ^ foregone conclusion that there should lw a reduction in Customs duties, and Mr. M/ARTHUR, who has been returned by a decisive majority, is against a land tax. It does not appear that, even in Victoria^ the party which proposes to encourage industry by increasing taxation is going to have it all its own way. " May we suggest also that the dictate of Victorian protectionists is not a con clusive argument for the world beyo In New South Wales the mass of people is wonderfully pleased with ( return to free trade, an d th e grumbling proceeds from those who have be£ii, directly taxed or specially interested. io protected trades, and from politicians, who are driven to distort facts to suit . their theory. Mr. Rein's Budget shows . a coudition of prosperity which we, on . this Bide of the Murray, may regard witty envy. To a certain extent the surplus, has been obtained by savings, but. savings or not, there is the big fact of a surplus of £333,000 represented by actual cash. The absurd demand that the floating deficit of previeus years, whidi Parliament provided for by Trea sury bills, should be charged against the revenue of last year, is only worthy contempt. Free trade, at least, has not ? stood- - in- the way reviving prosperity. Thia is shown in New South Wales by the growth of population, by the introduction of capital and the establishment of new industries, by the enlargement of business premisOB, and by the expansion of land, uudet crop. . And it is well known that the condition of the workers Cn Sjdney, bpth asregards wages, employment, and ^ia -cost # the - nooeaearies-pf life, iseuperior to ihat « : their br^ihren in Melbourne. Fads like -i these tpust gradually sink into tho min^ < ask^sd-to pity the cooditionof Wales b©caas»maikediiwroaseba«t^^. ju ntos I gets her mono Hew South Wales imports commodities | to paid for in exports both sides to the reap the benefit. In Canada, also, the wisdom of this common-sense principle is at last recognised. The new Premier is pledged to the hilt in favour of a redaction of Customs duties. He has an effective majority at his back, and the " only question which remains to be de cided is, what the redactions are to be. The policy which is good for Canada most be equally good for Australia. In the United States, it is true, a return ' is likely to be made-at least for a time -to the once discredited policy of M'Emxr. Our local protectionists, therefore, may derive what pleasure they can from the prospect of a duty being imposed by the States on Australian wool. But is there not something para doxical and unpatriotic in % creed which bids Australians rejoice when a barrier is erected against the reception of their produce by another nation ? At all events the Republicans, as a party, are not so besotted as to embrace protection and the silver craze at one and the same time. The untoward fate of the United States at the present moment is that they must either take protection back again or ruin themselves with free silver ; and of the two evils they are choosing what, in the opinion even of enlightened freetraders, is the least It is not from the United States, however, with their financial difficulties, that a lesson is to be learned, unless by way of warning. In Great Britain the supremacy of free trade and its success in adding to the national wealth are as marked as ever. Protec tionists profess to believe that the day of free trade in the mother countiy is nearly over. They derive an immense amount of satisfaction from Mr. Chah beeuct'S proposal for a Customs union of the empire, which would give an ad vantage to the colonies as against foreign countries. But the very head and front of Mr. Chamberlaix'S plan of an Im perial Zollverein is that the colonies should accept free trade with Great Britain - that, in fact, instead of pouring their produce freely into the mother country and taxing her goods in return, there Bhould be free and complete reciprocity. It Is only on this condition that he would think of " imposing moderate duties on *' foreign goods largely produced in the " colonies and largely consumed at "home." Are our local protectionists prepared to fall in with this proposal i If so, they are abandoning the policy of protection against Great Britain into which Victoria has been unfortunately led. If not, it is rather rich to find them predicting the triumph of protection on the strength of a proposal that the colonies Bhould so far abandon their pro tectionist fallacies as to adopt a policy of Imperial free trade. WIND IN POLITICS. The "Nebraska boy orator" who has just been nominated-to the astonish ment of mankind-as the Democratic candidate for the Presidency of the United States is not exactly a " boy," as he is e trifle over thirty-six years of age. But though the epithet is in quarrel with the almanac it has great descriptive value. A "boy orator," like a "boy preacher or a "boy actor," is a well-understood phenomenon. Dr. JOHNSON said that a' woman preaching resembled ft dog walking on its bind legsj the thing was not done wellj the wonder lay in it being done at alL And this exactly describes the " boy "orators" or " boy preachers" that every now and then emerge. A crude ? youth, without knowledge, but blessed iritit a irig voice and cursed with an lack of natural modesty and a jj&v;^Wal gift for stringing big words to gether, is * discovered, and, in contempt " «ii reason and of humanity, he is shouting as an exhibition before IjjO^.wds. What possible equipment ilq^Hied^e ' or wise judgment or " * for guiding publio opinion, ~ .scarcely out -of in the eacs <ojf _ i ? Hie stateaman pAi>aWio' careerlas 'a alike of his 'the ';«MI havS meditation striking and instructive than the way in which, beneath the forms of a eom& .what conservative political system, the methods of mere mob government have grown into power, lie fminers of the American Constitution recognised that the President, unlike the ruler under a constitutional monarchy, most govern as well as reign. As a matter of fact the President of the United States has more direct authority than any other earthly ruler, except, perhaps, the Czar of R ess la. and the Emperor of CHIKA. He carries the whole civil service of fee republic on the tip of his pen. He nominates his own Cabinet, a body which is quite independent of Parliament, and may smile iA easy contempt of votes of "want of confidence. The President can veto any bill passed by the Houses of Legislature, though these, in turn, may pass the vetoed measure into law by a two thirds majority. Now, the framers of the American Constitution wisely held that the choosing of the head of the state, clothed with such tremendous powers, should not be an act of popular impulse, a thing to be decided by men's passions, or even by men's politics. No direct popular vote was to be taken on the question. Each state in the Union elects a number of "electors" for the purpose of choosing a President. The | number of electors for each state is J equal to the number of senators and I representatives to which the state is entitled in Congress; but no senator I or representative may be appointed an I elector. The act of choosing the Presi | dent, that is, was to be lifted out of the J realm of party passion. Moreover, each | state counts as a unit in the voting, and 1 its vote is determined by tho majority of I" electors" in the state. Thus the I choice of the President by both the 1 spirit and the letter of the American Con jstitution is removed by two distinct J stages from a direct popular vote; it is j separated from party politics by the [clause which forbids,a senator or repre I sentative being an elector. ! But paper constitutions are very fra I gile restraints on popular folly, and, as a matter of fact, the choosing of a candidate jfor the Presidency is the act of a mob, and of a mob swayed by exactly the I motives which have the greatest force with ! J uninstructed human nature-the tumult I of party cries, the oratory of a demagogue, the mere contagion of ex ' citemeufc. Conventions formed of party delegates select the candidates, and local committees decide who shall run for the I electoral college, so the people have no option but to take one or other of the I sets of names put before them. When 1J the electoral college meets, the man it has to elect is already chosen for it, {Party conventions, therefore, and not I a college representative of the people, I determine who shall be President, j Dr. Albebt SHAW, the editoi I of the American Review of JJeweus, . | has described the Conventions of 1892 ? j which nominated Mr. BLAINE and Mr. II CLEVELAND respectively, and the striking J features of both huge gatherings were ; | tumult, disorder, and mere claptrap. In J .' the vast wigwam" at Chicago 20,000 } people were assembled, and took an ' I active and vociferous part in thedelibera [ j tions of the delegates. " The long periods .] " of applause," says Dr. SHAW-himself, J be it remembered, an American and as ; ardent Republican-" when thousands of I i " men yelled like maniacs, and disported ] ** themselves with the measured but ,1« furious frenzy of a lot of Soudan der 11" vishes, are carefully arranged as tc , J " occasion and exact duration. The ] "galleries, in fact, are packed witl j" thousands of shouters, whose presence j" is intended to interfere with calm de |" liberation, and wboseshoute are at J " artificial and as purchasable ss the howl i]" iug of mourners at an Oriental funeral.' j Mr. Amdbbw D. WHIT* describes, alsc Jin the American Review qf ''Be/views, ?j«- National Bepublioan Oonven jtion. The delegates numbered s j thousand; the spectators, who shouted [down upon them from the galleries, j numbered 14*000; and the convention, Jaaya Mr. WHrns,"w*s at all times prac j " tjcally the mercy ot &e; mob o\ I <* spectators, and sometimes in its actus] ["control" "I saw," says Mr. WHIMS, [" very *nany men and women in the jjal Jeries utterly beside themselves, jump *?ing <op and down tod shrieking the "tiame of the first candidate who bap^ " pened to:|»e named." The^xmveiition, Mr. JVOTti declareSj has ceased tobe a deliberative :** jnaitily * menagerie to amuse & local « mob wbg ** were admitto^ lor jponey, scale, can pack the galleries with men . hired to applaud or to interrupt as the case may be. Under such a system we ; can understand how a candidate like , " the Nebraska boy orator " may emerge triumphant. He is the nominee of a mob, and reflects its character. But the world has yet to Bee "what may result 1 from mob government in a republic of nearly 70,000,000 inhabitants! 