WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER. BY MISS BRADDON. It had been a hot, dry summer, and t)io grass in tho parks was burnt to a dull brown, had, In deed, almost ceased to be grass, while tho atmos phere In town had a fiery taste, and was heavy with the dust, which whitened all tho roadways, and which the faintest Dreatn 01 winu uisperscu. Here on tho flowing tide there was coolness, and the long rank grass upon those low sedgy shores was still green. Lady Fareham supported the August heats sitting on her terrace, with a cluster of friends about her. and her musicians and singing-boys grouped in the distance, ready to perform at her bidding; but Henrletto and her brother were tired of that luxurious repose, and would urge their aunt to assist In a river expedition. The gc-uvcrnante was fat and lazy and good- tempered, had attended upon Ilenrietto from babyhood, and always did as she was told. "Her ladyship says I must have some clever person instead of Priscllla, before I am a year older." Hcnriptte told her aunt; "but I have pro mised poor old Prissy to hate her consumediy." Angela and Donzil laughed as they rowed past the ruined abbey, seen dimly across tho low water-meadow, where cows of . the same color were ail lying in the samo attitude, chewing the cud. "I think Mr. Spavingor's trick must have cured your sister's fine friends of all belief in ghosts," he said. "I doubt they would bo as ready to believe — or to pretend to believe — to-morrow," answered An gela. "They think of nothing from morning till night but how to amuse themselves; and when every pleasure has been exhausted, I suppose fear comes in as a form of entertainment, and they want the shock of seeing a ghost." "There have been no more midnight parties since Lady Sarah's assembly, I think?" "Not among people of quality, perhaps; but there have been citizens' parties. I heard Mon- aiei'ij; De Malfort telling my sister about a supper giveli by a wealthy wine- cooper's lady from AI- dersgate. Tho city people copy everything that their superiors wear or do." "Even to their morals," said Denzll. " 'Twere happy if the so-called superiors would remember that, and upon what a fertile ground they sow tho seed of new vices. It Is like the importation of a new weed or a new Insect, which, beginning with an accident, may end In ruined crops and famine." Without deliberate disobedience to her husband, Lady Fareham mado tlio best use of her time during his absence in Paris. The public theatres had not yet re-opened after the horror of the plague. Whitehall was a desert, the king and his chief following being at Tunbridge. It was tho dullest season of the year, and recrudescence of tho contagion in tlie low-lying towns along the Thames — Deptford, Greenwich, and the neigh borhood — together with some isolated cases In London, made people more serious than usual, despite of tho so-called victory over the Dutch, whlcli, although a mixed benefit, was celebrated piously by a day of general thanksgiving. , Hyacinth, disgusted at the dtilness of the town, was for ordering her coaches and retiring to Chilton. "It is mortal dull at the Abbey," she said, "but at least we have the hawks and breezy hills to ride over, instead of this slekly city atmos phere, which to my nostrils smells of the pesti lence." Henri de Malfort argued against such a re treat. "It were a deliberate suicide," he said. "Lon don, when everybody has left — all the bodies we count worthy to live, par exemple — is a more delightful place than you can imagine. There are a hnst of vulgar amusements which you would not dare to visit when your friends are in town; and which are ton times as amusing as the plea sures you know by heart. Have you ever been to tho Bear Garden? I'll warrant you no, though 'tis but across the river at Bankside. We'll go there this afternoon, If you like, and see how the common people taste life. Then there are the gardens at Islington. There are mountebanks, and palmists, and fortune-tellers, who will fright en you out of your wits for a shilling. There's a man at Clerkenwell, a jeweller's journeyman from Venice, who pretends to practice the trans mutation of metals, and to make gold. He squeezed hundreds out of that old miser Denham, who was afraid to prosecute him for imposture, lest all London should laugh at his own credulity and applaud the' cheat. And you havo not seen the Italian puppet- play, which is vastly enter taining. I could find you novelty and amusement for a month." "Find anything new, even if it falls to amuse me. I am sick of everything I know." "And then there is our midnight party at Mill- hank, the ghost party, at which you aro to frighten your dearest friends out of their poor littlo wits." "Most of my dearest frlend3 aro In the coun- try." "Nay, there is a Lady Lucretia Topkam, whom I know you hate; and Lady Sarah and tho Dub bins are still in Covcnt Garden." "I will have no Dubbin— a toping wretch— and sha Is a too incongruous mixture, with her Edln- burgh lingo and her Whitehall arrogance. Be sides, the whole notion of a mock ghost was vulgarised hy Wilmot's fooler)', Avho ought to have been boru a saltimbanque, and spent his life in a fair. No, I have abandoned the scheme." "What; after I havo been taxing ray invention to produce the most terrible illusion that was ever witnessed? Will you let a clown like Spa- vinger — a well-known stable-boy — baulk lis of our triumph? I am sending to Paris for a powder to burn in a corner of tbe room, which wilt throw the ghastiliest pallor upon your countenance. When I devise a ghost it shall he no impromptu spectre in yellow riding-boots, but a vision so awful, so true an image of a being returned from the dead, that the stoutest nerves will thrill and tremble at the apparition. The nun's habit is coming from Paris. I have asked my cousin, Madame de Fiesque, to obtain it for me at the Carmelites." ... . , „ . "You are taking a vast deal of trouble. what kind of assembly can we muster at this dead season?" , "Leave all in my hands. I will find you some of the choicest spirits. It is to be my party. I will not even tell you what night I fix upon till all Is ready. So make no engagements for your evenings, and tell nobody anything. "Who invented that powder?" "A French chemist. 1-Ie has it of all colors, and can flood a scene in golden light, or tho rose of dawn, or the crimson of sunset, or a pale sil very bluenoss that you would swear was moon shine. It has been used in all the court ballets. I saw madamo once look as ghastly as death it self, and all the court seized with terror. They had burnt tho wrong powder, which cast a green ish tint over the faces, aud hor long thin fea tures had a look of death. It seemed the fore cast of an early grave; and some of us shuddered, as at a prophecy of evil." "You might expect the worst in her caso, knowing the wretched life she leads with mon- S "Yes, when she is with him; but that is not always.' There are compensations." "If you mean scandal, I will not hear a word. She is adorable. Tho most sympathetic person I know— good even to her enemies— who are le- e'"You had better not say that, for I doubt she has only one kind of enemy." "As how?" "Tho admirers she has encouraged and disap pointed. Yes, sho is adorable, wofully thin, and I fear consumptive; but royal, and adorable, 'douceur et lumiero.' as Bossuet calls hor. But to return to my ghost party." "If you wore wise, you woula abandon tlio notion. I doubt that in spite of your powders your friends will nover believe in a ghost." "Oil, yes, they will. It shall bo my business to cat them in the proper temper." That idea of figuring in a picturesque habit, and in a halo of churchyard light, was irresistible. Hyacinth promised to conform to Malfort's plans, and to be ready to assume hor phantom rolo whenever she was called upon. Angela knew something of tho scheme, and that tbero was to be another assembly at Millbank; but her slstor had not invited her to assist in it, and bad seemed disinclined to talk of it In her presence, a curious reticonco in ono whose senti ments and caprices wero usually given to the world at largo "with perfect freedom. For once in her life Hyacinth had a secret air, and checked herself suddenly In the midst of her light babble at a look from De Malfort, who bad urged her to keep her sister out of tlioir midnight party. "I pledge my honor that thoro shall bo nothing to offend," lie told her, "but I liopo to havo the wittiest coxcombs In London, and we want no prudes to strangle the jest in their throats with a long-drawn lip and an alarmed eye. Your sister has a palo fritillouse prettlness which pleases an eye satiated with tho exuberant charms of your Rubons and Titian women; but she is not hand some enough to give herself airs, aud she is a littlo inclined that way. ny the faith of a gentle man, I have suffered scowls from her that I would scarce have endured from Barbara." "Barbara! You are vastly free with her lady ship's namo." "Not freer than she has ever been with hor friendship." "Henri, If I thought " "What, dearest?" "That you had ever cared for that — wanton " "Could you think It, when you know my life In England has been ono long tragedy of loving in vain— of sighing onlv to ho denied— of socrot tears — and nubile submission." "Do not talk so," sho exclaimed, starting up from her low tabouret, and moving hastily to tho open window, to fresli air aud sunshine, rippling rlvor and blue sky, escaping from an atmosphere thnt had become feverish. "De Malfort, you know I must not listen to foolish raptures." "I know you havo been refusing to hear for tho last two years." Tliey were on the terrace now, she loaning on the broad marblo balustrade, ho standing beside her, and nil the trufile of Loudon moving with tho tldo below them. "To return to our party," she said, in n lighter tone, for thnt spurt of jealousy had betrayed hor Into seriousness. "It will ho very awkward not to invite niv sister to go with me." "If you did she would refuse, belike, for sho Is under Farebam's thumb; and ho disapproves of everything human." "Under Fareham's thumb! "What nonsenso. Indeed I must invite her. Sho would think It bo strange to be omitted." "Not If you manage things cleverly. The party Is to bo a surprise. You can tell her next morn ing you knew nothing about it beforehand." "But sho will hear me order the barge— or will see me start." "There will bo no barge. I shall carry you to Millbank in my coacli, after your evening's onter- tainmcnt, wherever that may be." "I had better tako my own carriage, at least, or my chair." "You can have a chair, If you aro too prudish to use my coach, but it shall be got for you at the moment. Wo won't have your own chairmen and links to chatter and betray you before you havo played the gbost. Remember, you como to my party not as a guest, but as a performer. If tliey ask why Lady Fareham Is absent, I shall Bay you refused to take part In our foolery." "Oh, you must invent some better excuse. They will never believe anything rational of me. Say I was disappointed of a hat or a mantua. Weil, it shall be as you wish. Angela is apt to be tire some I hate a disapproving carriage, oven In a younger sister." Angela was puzzled by Hyacinth's demeanor. A want of frankness In one so frank by naturo aroused her fears. She was puzzled and anxious, and longed for Fareham's return, lest his giddy- pated wife should be guilty of some innocent indiscretion that might vex him. "Oh, if she but valued him at his Just worth she would value his opinion second only to the approval of conscience," she thought, sadly, ever regretful of her sister's too obvious Indifferenco towards so kind a husband. (To be continued.) 