BAND CONCERT. The second annual concert under the auspices of the Healesville Brass Band was given in the Recreation Hall on Monday, the 25th. inst. (Queen's Birthday). The result must have been most gratifying to all concerned, the Hall being crowded to excess by a highly appreciative audience, whilst many, less fortunate, could not obtain admission. Mr. Sanl Edwards pre sided at the pianoforte, and in recog nition of the day struck the chorus of ih? National Anthem, the perforuiers siniging from behind the curtain, and the large audience rising and joinihg heartily in the chorus., The curtain rose to the strains of. a' brilliant march, "iAttention," by the Band, which was -given, a manner that: re flected the greatest credit'both :?i the bandsmen and their bandmaster.i: Tihe entire programnie, which was .varied in character, was given in a style that was really surprising. "The stage ap 'pointments-. were perfect, =the new seanery, paiinted especially ffor .ie oc casion by 'M;. W. Little, being a great acqrisition. Mr Clements was heard to advantage:iin the song-' "Th?' ood 13iss May Allen called "fortli °,=hearty round of -applause, and lthat ''young lady sang " A world between"'in a very pleasing manner, and: was. again very ,successful in '" Whisper .aiid I shall: hear,'? being." assisted in her se cond number by-thr sister, Miss Violet :Allen, aind Mr.' P A. Burt' the- former playing a violin obligato and the latter 'gintleuian the clarinet. Mr. BSyd. Day, an artist'of considerable repute, at once established himself a, favorite swith the audience.. He is undoubtedly a comique in; the first rank, and he had to :respond' to a vigorous encore both in his first and second appearance. WYe trust to hear Mr' Day againu on a future occasion.. Miss: Mary.r:iDore: sang a very pretty ballad; " I couldn't,: could I 1" in -her Usual winithin ,style. M!r..P.;A.Burtc was ver happy in his selection of a clarionetsolo, Braga's "' L Serenata,", and preformed this :some what difficult number with a degree of accuracy:, and precision which showed him to be .a thorough "iiaster of his instrument: Mr.: Harry Christie was well up to his. usual. good form in his plantation speciality, "Going from the Cotton Fields,) and Mr. Will Newman succeeded admirably 'in keepiing :the audience in a state of merrinieht'hoth in a comic "Lecture on Temperance" and songin .the second part,," When: his mother-in-law's at home, "-to .which he had to respond to a :well inerited encore. .'The first part coiicluded with the performance of a. very' neat farcical: comedy entitled " Betsy. Baker, or, too attentive h? half," in which Mrs. Burt and Miss Mary Cummings madd their first. appearance-- before -a Healesville audience:, Mrs;: Burt =was; q:uite -at* home as 'Mrs. 'Mbuser~', aud .lioith played and looked the pirt to. perfec t/ion; while Miss Mary Cumimngs per formance ,,' of the. difficult peirt`: of I"-Betsi , cannot be: too ?:highly iomii" mended. M,;' r. P. As. Burt as "MiZr. ,Mouser,?; kept the: fun going fastrand furious, whilst: ?-.t Fred Strickland gave-a- very creditable perforrmance of te art .f Cruii in the second part the.I: Band " was , iagain heard in a very pretty Gavotte,;" Grace Darling." Mr. Joh' Lindupdp avea masterlyj, and powerful reudering of the song," Let me like ?isoldier-fal,'' and was'> much? a'ppreciated..: ,Mi-.' Charlie Christie'"snga a capital' comic, -song entitled " O'Raffrty wonthe mile," for which iek had: to "repond .:to an encorehby giving anotherr- ng.- M;r::' P. A. Burt; "'thenie" astonishied± :thie audience by appearin? in.tle character of the " niew;woman,'":ond san?:a ,very effective - comic-' nmniher entitled " Tableaux Viqvants" in his usuial able and Snished style. Miss 'Mary Cn:m ,mings again;proved herself a valuable acqtiisition to the Healesville stege hy singing a s.rimo-codic song "' What do you think thty'l say," to' a deliglited audience ,and in response to an.encore gave a pretty little recitation in perfect? style .entitled M".amima's Letteygr the action to the words of this num1ler leing really), excellenrit. Mi s Coin mints throughout :woiked harda?iid w'elll ind- certainly contributed in rino small degrtee, to "the?4ccess , of the levenini,: A quintette for brass instru- ments was performed under the baton of Bandmaster Burt, by Bandsmen Geo. Wilson, J. Burns, F. Strickland, Jas. Fitzpatrick, and W. Fitzpatrick, and well merited the hearty rounds of applause accorded. A sreaming Ethin- pian sketch entitled "Joe's Ghost " and piloted through by our own inimit- able Will Newman, ably assisted by Mr. John Bancell and Mr.H. Christie, brought to a close a most enjoyable evening. The concert was under the directorship of Mr. Percy A. Burt, who was well supported by Mr. John Bancell (hon. sec.), and Messrs. John Smith and John Burns (commnittee) all of whom worked indefatigably to en- sure success. The Iball which followed was a great success, and reflected the greatest credit on Messrs. Bancell, J. J. Smith, and J. Burns, who undertook the arrange- ments. The catering by Mrs. Roberts left nothing to be desired, being good both in quantity and quality. The Band played the two first dances and then retired in favor of Mr. Sam Edwards, whose excellent performance at the pianoforte considerably enhanced the enjoyment. Many of the dresses worn by the ladies were very pretty, the most noticeable being :-Mrs. Ban- cell, cream crepon; Mrs. King, cream and pale blue; Miss Nellie M'Gin- ness, pink with black lace trimmings; Miss Montgomery, white nun's veiling, jewelled net and white flowers; Miss Mary Dore, pink crepon ; Miss Sarah Cummings, black velvet with pale blue silk trimniiings; Miss Mary Cummings, black and cardinal; Miss Millie M'Ginness, cream crepen heliotrope velvet triinmnings; Miss Kelly, Helio trope; Miss Banks, cream richly trimmed with lace; The Misses King, cream cashmere. 