THE WOMAN'8 COLUMN. A. (By ' Vida.') [Correspondence is invited on all subjects interesting to women. Letters from working women relating to hours of labor, rates of pay.' sanitation of workrooms, sc., will be especially weloome. Addrew— ' Yida,' c/o. Editor,, Workkb Office, 215 Palmer-street, Sydney.] W. T. Stead is decidedly a reformer who has made his sacrifices as a patriot work in harmonious unison with his own material welfare. But in his latest venture, the issue of the ' Penny Poets,' he has certainly conferred a great benefit on his fellows. The books are neat in appearanoe, printed in clear type, are light, and can be conveniently carried in your pooket or handbag. If you leave them behind in tram, train, or on the seat of one of the parks, the loss is easily replaced, and you aro satisfied the tinker will in no wise be injured. Very few of us can afford to buy expensive editions of the poets, for poetry is not very extensively read in these prosaic days. Some of Shelley^ verses, written after the massacre of Peterloo, might have been written for the Newcastle miners, so aptly do they fit the case : What is freedom ? Ye can tell That which slavery is too well — For' its very name has grown To an echo of your own. 'Tis to work and have such pay : As just keeps life from day. to day In your limbs, as in a cell For the tyrants' use to dwell : So that ye for them are made Loom, and plough, and sword, and spade ; With or without your own will, bent ^ To their defence and nourishment. v 'Tis to see your children weak With their mothers pine and peak When the winter winds are bleak — They are dying whilst I speak. 'Tis to hunger for such diet As the rich man in his riot _ Casts to the fat dogs that lie Surfeiting beneath his eye. 'Tis to let the Ghost of Gold , Take from toil a thousandfold More than e'er its substance could In1 the tyrannies of old. Paper coin — that forgery Of the title deeds which ye Hold to something of the worth Of the inheritance of earth. 'Tis to be a slave in soul, And to hold no strong control Over your own wills, but be All that others make of ye. ?Let the lawB of your own land, Good or ill, between ye stand, Hand to hand and foot to foot, Arbiters of the dispute. , I commend the 'Penny Poets' to the women. They are .worthy to stand as an occasional rival to the ' Seaside Novelettes,' and if left lying about are far less likely to injure the boys and girls. Carlyle has also written some stirring passages about Peterloo, and he says the Manchester opera tives then put this huge inarticulate question, ' What do you mean to do with us ? England will have to answer that Sphinx-riddle, or perish. ' ' The answer has not been given yet, but the time draws nigh when more countries than England will need to give imperative consideration to the solution. ' In studying Nature we get the best idea of how to reason in human affairs. Nature i is never pur poseless. The general principles of tides, currents, and winds explain themselves, though a student intent on a local modification does not easily grasp the fact. The purpose of rill, stream, and river is . ? _ a.i ? ? ? ? n ? ? ne same — moy tut? uu iuc w&y; w mxo tion reveals its object when condensed clouds restore the gathered vapor in the form of rain, hail, and snow. The trees robed in dazzlingly white or delicately -tinted blossom aim at attracting the ' wandering insects with their fertilizing pollen. Had the Nile frittered away in the desert instead of taking the course which united it with the' Abyssinian rivers, Egyptian civilization would not have' existed. Organized evil will overpower scattered good that wastes its strength in platitudes. *'? Action and utility are imperative, and beauty fol lows in their train. The struggle and fret of nations, present and past, have — and ever had — tho . ? fmmn tendency to write the collective opinion on the Statute Book. And our debased electoral . rolls to-day are the proof that organized evil fears^ the collective opinion. Cook's River gives a good illustration of the result of interfering with Nature's plan. The dam constructed at its mouth for the ?convenience of travellers has stopped the freeflow of the water, bo that the drainage from above has converted a once clear stream into a huge ditch of filthiness — ugly to the eye, offensive to the nose, destructive to the health. The Upper House is our obstructive dam, and the silt of mangled laws and class privileges creates the unwholesome odors exuded from our political sewer. To pour fresh ?water into filthy is but to destroy it. And to make more laws without a previous olearance of the bad ones is simply to provide more-work for the lawyers. We want a Hercules to oleanse the Augean political stable. And no Hercules is at hand. The ignorant impatience of the masses, the blind selfishness of the classes, are steadily driving the ship of State into troubled waters. Politios is a religion, and not a game. The silver coinage is the prominent cry in Amerioa, more population in France, an inoreased navy in England, an extension of foreign trade in Germany, and poor Africa lies bleeding under the rapacity or European capitalists. 'Big dividends! Big divi dends 1' they cry. And King Prempeh w crushed, and the blood of Matabeles dyes a river red in order that usury may be satisfied. Gigantic insolence carries everything before it. Cecil Rhodes is the self-made war Wng whom the world admires. ^ lie sweeps his hand impatiently aoross a South African map. 'I want that all red,' he exclaims, and immediately draggles the honor of the world s fore most nation in the dust to gratify his egotistic lust of power. And the nation dofouds lum. ! A. few* still possessed of honorable feeling demand his resignation. He answers the demand in a world noted cable. : ' Let resignation wait. We fight the Matabeles again to-morrow.' _ Fighting Matabeles with Mft- rimH and trained soldiers is easy, but this brave (P) man preferred Btrategem and fraud in dealing with the Boers. But he will save the divi dends. That is the great point. The world s workers do not yet see that capitalists' wealth con sists of what Shelley calls ' paper coin that forgery of the title deeds.' And Cecil Rhodes is the man whom a few weeks ago Mr. Chamberlain declared as returning to Africa ' having not the control of a single policeman.' A debate between the' Womanhood Suffrage League and three members of the Sydney School of Arts took place in the Bourke-street schoolroom of the Congregational Churoh on Thursday evening. Mrs. Wolstenholme, Mrs. Dickie, and Miss Golding represented the League. The male oppononts floundered about in the usual helpless way, vamly seeking reasons dignified enough to offer. Their forlorn failure was made the most of by the three ladies, who are now beooming practised champions of , the cause. It is easy to win with logic on your side, so the women always gain tho viotory with flying colors. The men are really to be praised for so valiantly struggling against inevitable defeat. After hearing that Baron Hirsoh was a philan thropist, it comes as a shook to find that a fearful fit of passion induced by making a bad bargain was the immediate cause of death. Millionaires can be exceedingly foolish, evidently. The Baron s posses sions included many I.O.Us. _ for considerable : amounts from aristocratic notabilities. ^ If the in udotmonta nvA non-nil Baroness Hirsch will be one of ? the richest widows in the world. The reported wealth of these millionaires has sometimes a funny trick of suddenly disappearing. Colonel North, the nitrate king, only left £500,000 out of the many millions he was credited with. ? The shop assistants' are making endeavors to get their case included among the domestic legislative Acts the Government purpose bringing down when disclosures necessitating the adjournment of the House come to an end. Among tho many admirable factory Acts passed in New Zealand the really best of all waB the compulsory weekly half -holiday for shop-assistants. Its advantages are indisputable. Golfing, cricket, football, and tennis — games which shop assistants had no time to play — became the chief sports of the half -holiday. In that one measure at least New Zealand is worth copying by all the other colonies. A Clarion writer says he hopes the day will soon come wlion gorging will be considered as disgraceful as guzzling. He does not approve of a fat, greedy alderman, whose mouth waters, at the thought of sucking-pig. I've clipped this little item for young Australia's benefit. We are beginning to . a little overdo the banquet business, are we not ? 