THE BALMAIN MISSION. Just as the Centenary Hall Mission was the God-directed outcome of the labours of the Eev. W. G. Taylor, so the Mission we deal with to-day was the divinely directed result of the work of the Rev. P. J. Stephen, now of Parramatta. In some senses the development has not been quite on the lines of a mission as the term is generally understood. The possibilities are greater than the actualities, but even in the present stage the mission illustrates how people may be gathered together by following the good impulse to specially provide for them. For years the Balmain Cir cuit was in a similar state to that obtaining in many populous places .... where the Church has little hold upon the people at large. In spite of the labours of many good and faithful men the cause was in a feeble condition until the mission idea caught on, then the Montague-street Church filled at once, The Balmain Town Hall was engaged one Sunday for a special service ; the place was literally crowded, and Mr. Stephen acted upon the wise suggestion of Mr. W. Druce, a faithful friend and helper of the cause, and made the bold announcement that thenceforth the Sun day evening service would be held in that building. It was a master-stroke by men who felt the uplifting power of the flood tide, and God honoured their aggressiye spirit by a ? singularly marked outpour ing of the Holy Spirit. Many experi enced conversion, and are to-day work ing in connection with the Mission. It was quickly evident that the new movement was of God : the classmeet ings grew in numbers and interest. Social work was taken up, and workers were gathered into every department of labour for the Master. Finances of course improved. It must be remembered that the establishment of this Mission was sanctioned by the Conference of 1890. We now, therefore, find the work in. the seventh year of its history. About two and half years ago the services were transferred to the new hali ; or, as some delight to call it, the converted skating rink — a building of no architectural pretensions, but consecrated by the, loving labour of many willing hands, who, under the direction of Mr. C. Still, carried out the costly improve ments that have made the building suitable and comfortable as a place of worship. The Hall will accommodate about 1200 people when filled, and the improvements which were financially of the value of £200 were almost entirely accomplished by voluntary labour. Our picture represents the interior view as now seen. The work of the Mission is breaking out in the many various directions which seem to be the result of special inspirations, and which apparently are inseparably associated with this class of service. There is an open-air mission with a good band under the care of a good working, committee, and with which Mr. W. Anderson was associated as leader for some years; there is a Mission Sister who holds mother's meetings, and meetings of such like character, and who visits among the sick and poor ; there is a Christian Endeavor Society with a growing and promising membership; there is a largely patronised Band of Hope ; a young men's institute is just getting well on its feet, and there is a very largely attended adult Bible-study class held on Thursday evenings, conducted by Mr. James himself. The bociety classes have been amalgamated, and Monday evening is devoted to this considerable gathering. The finances of the Mission, are the leapt satisfactory part of the concern. The trust debc amounts to £2,500, including that on the Parsonage, and the Circuit debt runs up to £300, a total in all of £2,800, an amount big enough to frighten almost any sort of man. The envelope system is in full operation, and the finances are developing on the right side of the cash book. It is pleasing to note that conversions are taking place and that there are manifest evidences of the presence and power of the Holy Ghost;. : The Sunday-school is a most flourishing institution. The last report noted 328 scholars on the roll of the senior school, and 199 on the roll of the junior one, while a branch school showed; a r roll of 153 scholars. The teaching and official staff is given as 50, and there are the usual accessories of library, with nearly 400 volumes, a well organised missionary department, etc., etc. : It would not be right to close this review without remarking upon the very excellent work which has been done by Mr. Edwin Lane, who is in charge of the choir and orchestra. He has laboured hard and well, and very much of the success of the services must be placed to his credit, and to the credit of his many helpful, willing, and unselfish assistants. The Conference of 1894 removed Mr. Stepben, who had spent altogether six years in- connection with the Monta gue-street Circuit. and. the Mission, and appointed him to a most trying position in Parramatta. Mr. Stephen's successor was Eev. W. Stewart, who had to undertake a work second to none in difficulty and delicacy. With energy, faithfulness and perseverance, Mr. Stewart worked for the Master's cause, and the future alone will reveal the extent and solidity of his usefulness in this peculiar sphere. At the last Conference Mr. Stewart was removed to Lithgow, and Rev. C. E. James was appointed to be the new missioner. Mr. James is a son of the Parsonage. He was born in Hull during his father's stay in that circuit. His grandfather was the Rev. John James, who was a colleague of Dr. Adam Clarke and ' Richard Watson in the Mission House in 1830-2, and the late Dr. James, an ex-president of the English Conference, was one of his uncles. He was educated at Wood house Grove, and at that well-known school for ministers' sous he was associated with the Rev. E. E. Crosby, B.A., of Dungog, and tbie Rev. E. H. Sugden, B.A., B.Sc, of Queen's College Melbourne. He afterwards went ! to Huddersfield ? College, and was engaged in tutorial work until 1881, when he was ac cepted for the ministry, and entered Richmond College as a mis sion student. On the advice of Dr. Osborne he volun teered for work under this Con ference, and in due course he came out with the eleven who re ceived a neverto be-forgotten wel come in old York Street in 1882. , He commenced his work in Tow'ns ville, N. Queens land, and while there he was in \ strumental in .building the first briok church in the northern ^regions; of the neighbouring col ' ony. From Towns ville; to Chippendale was the next move, then came Bourke Street, and then followed three happy years at Broughton Creek. He then offered for the Tongan work, and entered upon his service there with his accustomed energy and success, but imperative family reasons, necessitated his removal at, the end of one year's labour. From Tonga he was transferred to West Maitland, where he serve J with Mr. Spence and Mr. Carruthers, and at the end of his term joined Mr. Dyson at Bathurst. He has just finished a most successful three years ministry in that city of the plains, and his valedictory was one of the first as well as one of the heartiest and most meaningful of the cluster we recorded a little while ago. At this gathering the President, with whom he was associated for twelve months, paid him a very high and deserved compliment. We are sure that we are only echoing the desire of the friends of this Mission when we ask our readers to remember it in their prayers and in their gifts. Above all let us pray that as a Church: we may be baptised witb the Mission. Spirit in all its fulness so that the work of the Lord may prosper in our midst. Six women have been elected to the General Conference of the M. E. Church to be held in Cleveland, Ohio, next May. Three of these, Mrs. Dr. Bashford,. Miss Trimble, and Mrs. E. W. Parker are delegates, and three are reserves* MisB Mabel C. Hartford, Miss Ella K. Rankin, Mrs. J. G. Pickler. * * * The Church, so at^leaet I hold, is the Ralvation of the State ; where there is a Church a State grows up in time ; but. if you find a state which is not alanin some sense a church, you find a State which is not long for thiB world. THE BALMAIN MISSION-Interior View of Hall 