LADIES' GQSSIP. Miss May Palliser, who is shortly to marry Lord Wallscourt, a peer or between 50 and 60, won aprize in abeauty show when she was in her teens. She and her sister, -Miss Grace, were the successful competitors in a competition among a large, number of ladies who sent in their photographs to the promoters of the en terprise. It is seldom! that_ the hand and the millions of an American heiress fall to an English com moner, writes. a contemporary. . An instance will be furnished by the marriage of Mrs. Cara Rogers Duff and Mr. Urben H. Broughton.' Mrs. Duff was , a Miss Rogers, daughter of the Henry H. Rogers who made untold wealth as' president of the Standard Oil Company. She has a million sterling in her own right, and on her father's death. will,-, it • i3 said, come into thrfee or four millions.in addition. "Moreover shd is pretty,- is 26, and a great favorite in American society. Mr. Broughton is described as a man of 30, a member of a well-known English family. He went to Chicago eight or nine years 'ago, and : is interested in business inthatcity. Miss Susan Strong, the young operatic debutante, who made so great a success at Covent Garden a little , while ago, tells the following to.Tubman .-—"Once, four years ago, when' I was' 18, I lost my voice through an illness. Although my father and mother were alive then-—they have both died since—I was lonely and miserable. One'morning a little bird came and sang on my window sill. I watched its throat swelling, and 'I could have cried to think mine would never swell again— that my songs had passed into silence forever. Just as I was thinking that I tried to sing, and my voice came back to me Mrs. Grace Brooinhead, the divorced wife of Mr.1 Alfred Broomhead, acted as; bridesmaid on the occasion of his.marriage, in Chicago a few months ago, to her successor, Miss Clara Gregory. Ah American, paper says:—It did not take long for Justice Murphy to make them man and!.wife. . He noticed that the bridesmaid was deeply affected. " When asked to sign her .name as witness to the contract, Justice Murphy saw that her name, and that of the groom were the same. _ He asked if they were relatives, and she replied that she Avas his former, wife. ! , ' , Miss Jessie Ackerman writes-from Illinois, under' date of "December '20"Perhaps my friends Avill be glad to know that my Iceland trip did me no end of good, and I am greatly improved. To escape the cold of our severe Avinters I have accepted an invitation from a Californian millionaire .family to travel in a special car through the South, this Avinter. The car is'a perfect palace Avitli dining-room, kitchen, and sleeping apartments'for eight, besides the fine drawing-room. I hope to find myself fully, restored by another'year." One of the- maids: of -honor to the .young Jjmpre§s Qf'"'RusVia, av^s -married g low months ago: On bidding her "good-bye" the Empress congratulated. her warmly, adding—"I shall indeed be sorry to lose you, but I am so happy myself that 1 wish everyone to be married too." The marriage of the Duke of Marlborough to Miss Vanderbilt has induced a statistical American journalist to compile a list of American heiresses who have married foreigners of rank during the last 25 years. The total of such marriages is 134, and the amount the American girls have taken to their husbands is 161,000,000 dollars, or about £34,000,000 sterling. . , • In the Church of Santa Maria Annun ziata, at Naples, girls assemble yearly for the purpose of . being chosen in marriage. Once'a year, on the .day of Our Lady, before its altar kneels a silent row of 30 girls dressed in black, and with folded hands. They are orphans from the neighboring foundling aSylum, and once a year those who have reached the age of 18 have a chance of being chosen in marriage by any honest man whose character is good. At the door leading to the sacristry stands a grey-haired priest, the head of the institution. By- and-bye a young 'man approaches him', and hands him a packet of papers. These the priest reads carefully, and being satisfied, leads the candidate towards the row of girls. The man ■walks slowly along the row—at last he stops; his choice is made, and he stretches out his hand: The girl rises,' puts her hand into that of the stranger by way of consent, and together they disappear into the sacristy. The ice having been broken, others follow, and this goes on until the suitors are exhausted, or all the girls have been chosen. An unmistakable evidence of passing youth in a woman-is attention to those a trine older than herself, says a contemporary. .It matters not how infinitesimal the trifle may he—indeed, the less.it is the more evident are the atten tions. • The passing'youth is, also, that: much more evident. Who ever saw a young woman of 18 pretending she wasn't tired when she was, and insisting .upon a woman of 20 Jieing made comfortable ait her expense. .As.she gets " on" in years, however, it is astonishing now her courtesy and alacrity in such matters are developed. She can't do too much for the woman a bit older than herself, and with what' a gladsome, virtuous air does she do it too. So universal, is the trait amonsr women that it has become an unmistakable evidence of passing youth, , ! Writing on good temper in women an authority Says:—It is not within the domestic circle only that good temper should be exer cised ; ' it is an invaluable possession even amongst the more distant'connections of social life. It isa passport with all into their esteem: and affection. It gives a grace to the plainest countenance, and to the fairest is an orna ment which neither time nor disease will destroy. Every day of life teems with cir cumstances by which it may be exercised and improved. Towards the husband. it is manifested by forbearance when he is irri tated and vexed, and by soothing, comfort ing and supporting him when. under the pressure of deeper and more afflicting troubles. It is shown towards children and servants by willingness to. promote their enjoyments, while superiority is. mildly but steadily exerted to keep them in proper subjection. ■ It is exhibited in every direction by unwilling ness to offend, by not opposing our own opinions and pleasures' to the prejudices of others; and it is above all demonstrated by the cheerful, even tenor of spirit that dwells within the well-governed mind,, and which renders it happy almost in spite of vexations and sorrows. - ..... . :. While a true gentlewoman has something better than a pair of pretty hands on which to base her claims to "gentility'-it is her right to keep her hands as fair and-smooth as the faithful doing of her duties. will admit. " Who sleeps a room and sweeps it clean", makes the action no less fine by the wearing of a pair of old kid gloves during the process, and the same is true of dusting, ' blacking a. stove, putting down carpets, cleaning kerosine lamps, and many of the other household duties that fall to the mothers and daughters in homes where no servant is kept. It is quite possible, with proper care (says a writer on the subject), to do the majority of these tasks without serious injury to the hands, and it is also a false pride that .prevents one from using the necessary precautions. Many busy housewives affect supreme indifference to the hands, and do not hesitate to express their contempt for those who try in-any way to pro tect them. "Mother thinks it so silly," said a young girl," blushing with shame on being found sweeping in gloves. But why not ai well wear gloves to protect the hands as a sweeping-cap to protect the hair ? The faith ful'doing of one's duty is always commendable, and the marks of- toil are .no , disgace; but there is no virtue in the abusing of the hands that perform the labor, and for one's own com fort'due care should be taken to keep them from becoming callous and rough.- ' Since last leap year (says the St. Jamais Gazette) the new woman has . made herself such a power in' the land' that perhaps . the recur- - renco of. a figure divisible", by four will be no longer a matter of interest to ladies. But they had better make the most of their chance, for, as was pointed out last week, there will not be another leap year till 1904. It does not seem to be generally known that the ancient custom allowing the lady, to "propose"was accompanied by what jurists call a sanction. ■ Any gentleman who exercised his "courtesy of refusal'' was I bound to present the rejected suitor with a silk dress. The Act passed last session extend ing the summary jurisdiction of magistrates in regard to married women came into force on New Year's Day, and complaining wives have ever since been telling to the police magistrates sad stories of miserable domestic life. One man has been accused of usurping the woman's privilege of scolding, another has been guilty of stopping out, and a third has gone away from home just when . he thought he would. Against these terrible offenders the intervention of the magistrate has been invoked in vain. ' But there are are already many cases of genuine matrimonial hardship among the poor which the beneficent Act of last session is enabling magistrates to correct., Many poor women now subjected ■to the torture of brutal, bullying husbands will have their lives made more tolerable as; the knowledge spreads among. their class that they can be protected against cruelty, neglect, and robbery of their earnings. One defect of the Apt. has. already been the subject of magisterial com ment. Unless a husband has been convicted of and punished for cruelty, the . wife cannot obtain the magistrate's protection or a separation .order unless she first leaves her husband's house. To be still clinging to her home with her children is a bar to legal complaint on the part of the wife against her husband. If she leaves the hpuse (the Daily News points out) the bad husband promptly seizes the opportunity of selling the furniture and defying both wife and magistrate. Then in these days of demands for equal treatment of the sexes there is another case unprovided for—the. case of the man whose, borne is ruined and children endangered by. an incur ably drunken wife. . The rich can find ways of; relieving themselves and children from this dreadful incubus. The poor man is' without a remedy. ' ' '. The death was announced a short time since at Paris of a remarkable woman, the Countessof Caithness, at the age of 65. The countess was a Cuban , of Basque origin on the paternal; and of English origin on the maternal side. She spoke English, Erench, and Spanish with equal grace, fluency, and purity,, and could be eloquent in all three. 'Her father left her an immense fortune, of. which she tried to make a good use. She was first married to Count de Poma, a Spanish nobleman and . a .great diamond fancier, who left her a collection of jewels that might vie with' those in many a regalia. - He left, her a .young widow. Her. second husband was the . Earl of Caithness, who so often took the. chair. at scientific, congresses. As his wife she received , the Prince of Wales in the ancestral castle of the Sinclairs in Caithness-shire. Lady Caith ness was. a .woman of singular administrative ability and most charitable. She entirely managed her large fortune, kept no house keeper, had a large household, and' lived in style becoming her rank and wealth.. She did not dismiss a servant for more than 25 years. Her manners were wonderfully soft and sweet, but she had a firm 'will and did not like to repeat her orders. Her .kindness was very great. Where she. was peculiar was,in the forms in which her spiritualistic beliefs shaped themselves. She believed herself to' be the medium of Mary Stuart, and used to write for hours, in a clear, plain, .business-like hand, betraying neither neurosis nor, imagination, communications from Queen Mary of Scotland. She had a whole bookcase filled with these writings. She took up Madame Blavatsky and gave her £1,000 to spread the doctrines of theosophy. After her death the-Countess complained that her ghost drove away Queen Mary. It was made miserable, she complained, by the violent severance from the body through cremation. 