CONFIRMATION AT ST. MARY'S His Grace the Archhiehop of Brisbane (the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne) arrived in Warwick on Thursday afternoon, the object of his visit being to administer the rite of Contirmation to the children of St. Mary's Church, who had been for some time undergoing careful prepa- Sunday was the day fixed by His Grace for the ceremony, and the church was packed to its utmost capacity with an earnest and atten- tive congregation ; there were also many members of other denominations present. His Grace, assisted by the Rev. Father Horan, celebrated first Mass, when the majority of the candidates about to be confirmed, and a large number of the congregation, partook of the Sacrament of Holy Communion. At the conclusion of this mass His Grace expressed the pleasure he felt at seeing such a large number approaching the ultar to receive the Sacrament. The Rev. Father Hennessy offici- atcd at the 11 o'clock mass, and was assisted by five acolytes. The Archbishop and the Rev. Fathers Horan and Potter also took part In the service. The choir, under the conduc- torahlp of MIss M. McEvoy, had been practis- ing very sedulously for some time, and Farmer's Mass in B flat was rendered in a very tuneful and impressive manner. The soloists were Mrs. Clancy (soprano), Miss M. Cleary (alto), and Messrs. E. W. Miiller (tenor) and W. Goggins and J, Allman (bass). Miss M. McEvoy presided as organist, and capably assisted by a small yet effective orchestra, consisting of Mr. S. Ferguson (cornet), and Miss K. O'Connor and Messrs. W Scott and J. Rose (violins). At the Offertory, Mr. Müller sang Hummell's "0 Salutais” very Pleasingly, with full orchestra, and after the Elevation Mr. Scott, with organ accompani- ment, rendered as a violin solo Novello's “O Salutaris" in a very effective manner. The service was brought to a close by the singing of Winter's " Laudate," with full chorus and orchestra. His Grace ascended the alter and, in prefacing his remarks, earnestly exhorted the prayers of the congregation for the chil dren about to be confirmed. He said that it was a very edifying sight to see the Candidates at Holy Communion that morning, and he remarked how pleased he was to know that they were thoroughly oonversant with the Cateohism. If this was pleasing to him, how mnoh more so was it to Almighty God, who saw and heard all things! What hope it must give the innocent young children of eternal Life hereafter if they follow in the path of virtue! But there was one very sad thought, and that was the danger the children were exposed to in after life. All the good thoughts inculcated into the child when young were lost when it was led astray through the influ ence of bad company. Bad company, HIs Grace said with much vehemenoe, was the ruin of many and many an innocent boy and girl. He strongly warned them against keep ing bad company, for it was the root of all evil, and led them to be neglectful of the essentials to eternal salvation. In many cases young people who associated with bad com panions cursed the name of God instead of praising it, and so sunk deeper and deeper Into the mire of iniquity. How sad it was to see such a thing happening to those who, when children, received a good Christian education. Bad company was at the root of it all; and it behoved the parents of children to guard them from evil associations, and keep them in the path of virtue. If they did not, then a just God would make them render a rigorous aooount for their apathy. He cited many touching incidents of how young men and women had been led astray through the influence of bad company. In order to keep them from picking up with vicious associates, he advised parents, especially tho people living on the Downs, to settle their children on. the land. Thus they would benefit them selves, their children, and their country. If people looked afltar the spiritual wants of their children they would earn an eternal re ward hereafter. Addressing the candidates, His Grace said the Sacrament tbey were about to receive was simply a renewal of their baptismal vows. God promised a great re ward to those who fulfilled and kept the pro mises made in 'Confirmation. The promise tbey were expected to make and keep was to be always faithful to God and His church, and He in return promised them the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. Having explained the rite of Confirmation in a concise yet lucid manner-the laying on of hands, the anointing of the child's forenead with ohrism, and the final prayer invoking God to pour down His blessings on the candidates confirmed and to grant them strength and forbearance to face and overcome ail the temptations of the devil -His Grace exhorted tbe children not to break the solemn pledges they were about to make, but to pray for grace to fulfil their promises. Prior to the commencement of the impres sive ceremony the choir rendered "Veni Creator." After going through the solemn formula of Confirmation, His Grace proceeded to administer tbe Sacrament to the candidates, being assisted by tbe Rev. Fathers Horan, Potter, and Hennessy. Mrs. E. D. Coman and Mr. J. Healy acted as sponsors for the children, who numbered 153-60 boys and 93 girls. The girl* were modestly attired in immaculate white, with wreaths, veils, and medals. The ceremony over, the Archbishop again addressed the children upon tbe Sacra meat they had just received and the parents in regard to the duty which devolved upon them. Speaking of the Sacrament, he said it was a very great treasure, infinitely more so than any worldly treasure, and it behoved those who received it to guard it as they would a precious jewel from all the dangers and temptations of this world. If they did this they had a glorious future before them everlasting happiness hereafter. On the other hand, if they gave way to tbe temptations of the world and broke the solemn vows they had made, they were lost; and if the soul was lost everything was lost-instead of in heriting eternal happiness hereafter they would be damned for ever. He earnestly be sought the children to shun all dangers. There were three great rooks In their pathway, and these were idleness, bad company, and neglect of God. While admitting the great value of Education, he said it was dross oompared with the spirit of Industry. If a child, no matter How well it might be educated, grew up lack ing the spirit of industry all Its education would go for naught. He cautioned children against being idle, for idleness was the curse of the oountry. The parents should keep Their boys and girls at school until they found them some occupation in which they might earn a livelihood. Much harm had been caused by parents taking their boys from school and keep ing them at home doing nothing until they found them a situation of some sort. It was the duly of parents to instil the spirit of industry into their children when they were young, and by so doing they would be conferring a great blessing upen them. Referring to the other obstacles to be surmounted in their journey through life, His Grace exhorted all, more especially tho candidates, to adhere strictly to tenets of the church, keep in the path of faith and virtue, and avoid ail bad company, the reading of bad books, and the keeping of late hours. This was a matter which parents should not look at lightly, for it demanded their serious attention. He cited instances of how and where young people had been ruined by bad oompany, reading impure literature, and keeping late hours. Tbe Archbishop, in conclusion, paid a warm tribute to the Aus' trallan-born children. He said they were the cream of the earth, the brightest of the bright, and were as a rule temperate. It would indeed be a great pity if anything hap nened to such bright nnd intelligent children, The Archbishop concluded an earnst and eloquent address by calling upon the candi dates to stand up and take the pledge to abstain from the use of all intoxicating drinks unti they were 25 years of age. His Grace having given the children His blessing, the ceremony was brought to a close by the choir, with full chorus and orchestra, rendering Lambilotte's " Regina Caeli.” In the evening the Rev. Father Horan offi- elated at the Vespers, the Arahbishop and the Rev. Father Potter and four acolytes also taking part. The choir, with full orchestra, rendered the several choruses most acceptably. At tho conclusion of the Vespers, His Grace preached a fervid and eloquent sermon, taking for his text the words of the Gospel accord- ing to St. John, c. xvi., 16 v. :- A little . while, aud you shall see Me." These words were addressed by Christ to his disciples. They were also addressed to us, too, but how many of us look heed of them, and we’re consequently prepared to meet God at the hour of our death ? Many were content to live in a state of piety for a short while, but, consequent upon allowing their fervour to cool, these people again fell into their sinful iways. If we are loyal to Christ, and to be so we must be earnest and fervent in our prayers and always keep ourselves in a state of grace, we will inherit an eternal reward hereafter. ' A little while, and wc would be face to face with God. While these significant wordR, im plying such hope, were hailed with delight by ' the departing soul of the faithful soldier, how great was the anguish of the dying persons who had always led a sinful life, How they 1 dreaded to meet the God who had suffered so much for them ; to them the words had a ter rible meaning. Among other anecdotes, His Grace narrated that of the monk who, having become tired of leading a pious life, decided to go out into the world. While making to* wards the city, he was met hy n, man dressed as a pilgrim, who asked him where he was going. The monk replied roughly, and asked what it waB to him that he should know. The pilgrim thereupon uncovered his head and re vealed himself as Christ. After expostulating with the monk and having reminded him of all He had suffered for bim on the cross, the monk retraced his way ward steps and spent the remainder of his days in the monastery. His Grace earnestly besought his bearers to keep themselves always in a state of grace, ana then they would earn for themselves a crown of eternal glory hereafter. All the baubles of this world were as nothing compared with the salvation of our souls. If we lost our souls we would be damned for all eternity. The discourse, whioh occupied half-an-hour, was listened to with close attention by the large congregation. The Rev. Father Horan, assis ted ov four acolytes, officiated at Benediction; the Arobblshp and the Rev. Father Potter were also present. Mr. Miilter and Mrs. Clanoy and Miss Cleary, with full orchestra, rendered Novello's "0 Salutaris" as a trio very effectively. Ring's " Litany" followed, in which Mrs. Clancy took the solo part, and was assisted by full chorus and orchestra. Mr. Miiller ana Mrs. Clancy appeared to ad* vantage in the rendition of Rossi's " Tan turn Ergo, with orchestral aocompaniment. The singing of the " Laudato" and " Reglna Celt1' brought the service to & close. 