SUNDAY 'READING.':, CHRISTIAN CERTAINTY. [Bt.T.GeIWHOM GltEENHOUGHj M.A.I We know that'we are of God, and the whole world liethdfr.wiekednefisj.and-wc .know the Son pt;Bqd is come, and hath given us an understanding;;t|?at we may know Him that is true, even in His Soh^'iiesus Christ. This is the true .God and eternal'- jife.— 1 John, v. 1!), 20. » - ■' < This epistle has; often been called the epistle of love, and it well deserves the title; but I [think-it might almost properly be called the | hpistle of "certainties. There is a, ring' of confidence and assurance from the opening words to the close, and on that account it is refreshing to read it in these days. To read it after groping through the land of fitful gleams _aud overshadowing darkness which the modern apologist loves, or after sighing one's" way through the faltering hopes and feeble trusts of Tennysonian verse is like passing out of the confined air of convent gloom to the tonic breezes and unclouded splendor of Alpine heights. Instead of that doleful cry of the night— ,T-\ Behold, we know not anything, there, comes on ever^'breath the sweet morn-i ing voice, "The darkness,is past and the true light now shineth." The opening verse strikes the keynote—" That which .we have seen with our'eyes, which, .our hands have , handled,' declare we unto you;" and the whole songu's sustained on the same high level. "I write unto you because ye have known the Father; ye have an unction, from the Holy One,: and know all things." " We know that we have passed from death unto life.". At every pause this comes like some glad autiphony, and at the close there is heaped up, in a sort of grand, climax-,.- the four, times repeated " We know," as if the. writer would fasten it upon his readers' minds as the sum of all that he has been teaching. He writes and speaks, as one who, concerning all the great and; vital matters of our faith, lias been lifted for ever and entirely out of the region - of doubt and speculation and uncertainties into the divine sunlight in which dark ness and misgivings are unfelt, and where the discords of the divided mind are silenced in the full, harmonious music of those who behold the . Face. "We know that we are of God, we know that we are in Ilim that-is true! Now, these words, strong as they are, are not-singular and -exceptional. Just as this apostle "wrote and spoke, so felt and so testified all ' those first witnesses of Christ. The* strong and prevailing, power of. the early disciples was in their certainties. They went-forth with decision upon their'-lips, with the fire of intense conviction burning in their hearts ; and that :made their testimony irresistible, and gave them their victory over the world. It was the age of the sceptic—a period . of almost universal uncertainty. Agnosticism was bringing forth its inevitable fruits of pessimism and despair; the old reli-ji gious had grown decrepit. ancl were regarded as ! hoary-headed impostors'even by those whose business it was to defend them ; and the creeds-i were worn-out rags which barely covered tho-j nakedness of atheism. Thoughtful men were'i sneering at the very word of truth. The' theatre was ridiculing the gods, philosophy contemptuously ignoring them. Priests hid themselves behind the Temple screen to Ialigh at the credulity of the . worshippers. Sooth'-' sayers, augurs, orators, and sacrifices had! become; a system of charlatanry. Men were everywhere boastfully declaring, or mourn-; fully confessing, that nothing was known, and: nothing-could be known, about tho higher powers and a future life. Often were they avowing their atheism with flippant lips while their hearts were full, of a sad weariness and longing. For; my brethren, there isiio boast ing so stagy and unreal as tiie boast of the human heart over its own religious darkness ; the laughter of the eynie over his dreary ne gations is as hollow as the hysterical laughter at a funeral! Man hungers for the .spiritual food which he has east away; his soul has its dwelling among the tombs where his dead faith lies buried ; lie is for ever impatient to know something about God and the mystery of birth_ and death and what comes after, ft is terrible to bo groping in damp mists and labyrinths of darkness, and he is for ever sending out his urgent, desperate cry, "Who will snow us any good? Who will-read for us the everlasting riddle? Who will rend the veil for us?" That was the secret sigh and groan of nearly all the world in the days of the apostles; and then these men appeared, declaring, in tones to which the world had long been unaccus tomed, that they had found the truth, tho eternal life, the Conqueror of death, the mighty Saviour, an everlasting Father, and • the ■ very light aud life of men—that they had proved these things by touch, sight, and reason, by evidence of sense, and mmd, aud spirit—that no opposition or ridi cule could abate their confidence in them, and that they were prepared to labor and suffer and die in witness thereof. "We speak that which We do know, and testify that which we have seen." They come with triumphant certainty upon their lips, holding up hi their hands the clue to all the great mysteries. It was like a rqck on which the desperate swim mers in; that sea of doubt could plant their feet. It was the one clear beacon light in the waste of darkness, bio wonder that men gathered round litem. " This is the victory that overconieth v. world, oven our faith.1' And, further, it ; these certainties chat made the Apo;! Church a missionary cliurcn. _ That church throbbed in .-every fibre of its being .with the missionary spirit.; it took it in with every :breath and gave it but with every tiiongiit. it was the lire of Pentecost, which sat on the lips of all, and as. a fire burn ing in their bones, so that they wore weary with forbearing, and could not stay : and as a forest fire spreading from tree to tree each illumined soul passed on the light to another;' each convert was as good as two, because each one made another, as it always ought to be. Prisoners -whispered the glad news to their gaolers, soldiers to their comrades, servants to their masters, women to everyone that would listen. The lame man leapt as a hart to carry it forth, and the lips of the dumb sang. Everyone wanted to pluck' the brand from the burning and win a jewel for Christ. The audacity of that early faith fries sublime. It took no account of numbers; every. Christian soldier was a battalion. Two'men lay siege to a city ; a. handful advanced to annex a'king dom. Every foot of ground they trod was claimed for Christ. All things were- created by Him^aud for Him, and all must, yield to iy!"K '^''.ey sa-w Him inarching forth with Ills invisible hand laid' upon the hearts of nations and with His foot .upon the neck of kings, and they followed, conquering and to conquer. And how .could ".it be otherwise? They were swayed by the force of a mighty conviction. There was. no hesitation, because- there was' 110 doubt; they bad come out of darkness into perfect light. On _ their faces shone tlie full glory of God, -while the world "round them lay in the grim shadow of death. They alone had grasped tlie grand realities, they alone had received power to become the sons of God, thov alone were alive from the dead, and the splen dor of their; privilege made them debtors to all men;. The overflowing gladness of their hearts streamed out in saving pity. Thev could neither fear, nor hold back, nor sit still V"' n|iglitv assurance which possessed them. \\\ e are of God,-and the whole world lioth in wickedness;'' .Now, in saying this I am saying what is true, of every living church; every church that is,earnest, and aggressive, and advancin°-. And sp. lot me.say, thirdly, and mainly, that .the hieasure of our certainties is the measure of'our power. We' cannot lift others on tlie rock unless bur own feet arc there. No rilau ever wrought cb'nviction in his fellow-man unless' conviction 'had .swept' hesitation out of him like a whirlwind, and cleansed his heart of uOuut like a fire.. No nuin believes a witness wlio only-half believes'himself. There is no persuasion on;the' lips save that which comes frqni the intensity"within. Aud if there be no certainity . there' .will be ■ no fervor, 11c "enthusiasm, • no pathos in tho voice, 111 pity in the eyes, 110 thrill of sympathy ; There will only be cold words falling on cold hearts, and returning as they went ouk—™kh ^ we are. to prevail it must be with language and ,with feelings such as are written here—"wo know." lu all work— especially in forward work—we must have an ausolute assurance that our truths are proved, tliat our weapons have been forged in God's own furnace, that our directions have been given by the Holy Ghost, that the promises which inspire us are written or spoken by Hi vine lips, and that lie who sends us forth 13 tlie true God and the Eternal Life. We must have credentials which are indisputable, and a commission wose authority is beyond all question, and.a purpose proof against the ttroidities -of disloyalty and the fickleness of doubt; for if the .trumpet .give an uncertain sound, who, shall prepare himself for this great battle ? , ' . I think, my brethren, that there is a cry rising everywhere just at present for cer tainties. TTje church of to-day, just because she is eager to obey her Master's call, panting for a fuller life, and on the spring for now activities, .is lipidiiig .more confidently her grand inneritance of faith. The whole church is beginning to feel and rejoice in a powerful rertetion tofrards positive beliefs. Those who tabc somewhat boastfully about their advanced thought are being left behind, though they do nob know jt, by an advance of a nobler kind. The Church is sweeping past them in the-impatience of a renewed assurance ! Is it not a fact that ali.tiie most earnest spirits are getting weary of those who would keep us alwajrs in; the enervating atmosphere of self quostionmg? Weare always revising our beliefs, reshaping gud paring down our creeds, and ourrowing at the foundations to discover whether there is any tiling solid there ! Do we not all feel more and more that the teaching and the preaching which deal chiefly with negations, which cut away half the Bible, and are plainly occupied in proving what ought not to bo believed, cannot stir a single nulse of noly endeavor or inspire one generous pur pose? ' They fall like a Scotch mist across our vision, and like a chill east wind upon our zeal 1. I have little desire to speak about what is called the higher criticism, except to say that it might perhaps have been content with a more modest title ! We are not unmindful of the deot we. owe. to the patient and reverent scholarship which has helped us to read God's Look with other and larger eye3, aiid which has shown us more clearly the human setting of its imperishable Divine treasures; but is it npt possiblo to sit with too humble and sub missive attitude at the feet of mere dry scholar ship, and to accept with too little question its imperious dictates? Surely to admit that He Book can be read and judged as other books are by the historian, tho autiquarian, aiul the philologist:, is to give up ail that we claim for it. Surely the language and the thoughts of the Divine Spirit c-au only be pro perly-understood by those who feel some of the movements of • the' Spirit within them selves? . And the true criticism—whether you call it higher or lower—needs heart as woll as brain; and tho fine spiritual touch as well as the keen analytical /perception. Our thankful ness passes into'impatienee when the reverent handling of Scripture becomes the cold, cruel vivisection'--which heartlessly lops off livin" members, and lets out the very life blood to shoiv us hdiv the - Book was constructed! The criticism* which revels in destruction, a7?.^. pretence of clearing; tho creepers from the . tree - hacks -at- the very root, caii -only provoko anger 'and ■ pain in us: i11'6 to accept the re sults .of''-this 'criticism, which I am sorry to say are sometimes announced in Christian pulpits, that Book which was to us" as the garden of the Lord, perfumed with the very breath of His mouth, becomes like the land which "the locust, the caterpillar, and the palmer worm had devoured, or even, as in the valiey of Ezekiel's dream, full of dry bones—" Lo, they "are very dry." We may well ask, Can these di-y bones live ? Thestoutest faith may well pause when it sees one treasure after another carried away from it's soul's treasure-house, and timid faith lua v well bo excused if it fears that at last it may De found weeping by the empty sepulchre and saying-, " They have taken away my Lord, and I know not where they have laid Him." Snre'.y the. Church has had enough of this— enpugli of the pruning-hook and the dissecting knife! . She wants to feel the sword and to use it for her real, welfare. She wants to have her feet planted again on apostolic certainty, and for her mission work particularly there must be the heart established and a quiet assurance. The missionary spirit is one of tlie mightiest or all forces, and it is also a tender flower that soon perishes in the chill air of doubt. It was born and nursed in tlie tropical air of enthusi astic conviction, and only in that fervid air can it live or be strong. The chill breeze of negation freezes the tears in its eyes and stops its breathing. It is swept along bv grand emotions, impelled by the urgings of an unspeakable, pity aud an infinite love. It is full of divine, joy and Gethsemano sorrow; seli-sacrmee is its meat and drink continually ■ and each day it has to bo l-cbaptiscd in a furnace of . impassioned love and devotion. There can be none of these things without tlie intensity of an unquestioning aud un troubled faith. . Missions c-an only niarcli to the music of ".We know." If there is anv dubiousness in the feet as they take their stops, or any misgivings iu'the heart, there will be perpetual ialterings-and paralysing weariness. And if we are.not certain that our Bible is the Word of God .and our Christ the only possible Saviourof the world, shall we care to expend treasure and blood and send out men to loneliness and peril,, and often into t.ie«.very grip of death, to give them forth ? Nay, what, men will go, indeed, unless they liayo.iuot fought their own uncertainties and slain them ? And how can they bear the protracted delays, tho frustrated hopes, the sometimes desponding results, the weary I cry, "How long?" unless in all our prayers aud tears there is an absolute certainty that tho wprld is perishing for lack of this truth, and that there is no life at all for the world without it?, There would be an end of all missionary zeal if we are to believe, or even be largcl'v influenced by, that talk concerning tho heathen systems which students of compara tive religion have recently made current. Many hands-have been busy of late white washing the darkness and laying a thin covering of gilt over corruption. It has become • {fashionable in certain quarters to extol Buddha,, and Confucius, and Maliomet, and by implication to depreciate Christ; to hold up for admiration tlie Light of Asia, and by implication to bedim the Light of the I. orld ; and the levelling up of the heathen system anil the levelling down of the Bible have gone oil together until they arc niacle to meet almost on common ground ' It is a singular, tiling that at this time, when all thomfluoiitialand thoughtful uiinds in the East who have grown up under the shadows of those systems,'are revolting from them, turn ing away from them with disgust, here at home, far away from those systems, are minds busily at work-glorifying tho treasures which, they contain, and holding them tin as well nigh divine! Surely it is distance which lends enchantment to the view ! What have ail those delightful moral precepts dug out from beneath tho accumulation of centuries— —what have they to do with the utter dark ness of sin am I blind guilt which broods oyer tho - whole heathen world of to-day? What, indeed! Moreover, the people who compare.those things, with Christian life and power may know something about heathen literature, but they know, nothing about the forces of Christianity. - Christianity is not a set of line sayings and sweet rules of. conduct. The world lias always had tbqsn in abundance, and.has not been greatly benefited by tlxcm. If wo had 'nothing to carry to the heathen world but our moral precepts, do you. think we should carc to spend our treasure or energy on that task '; "Nay, if we had the whole Sermon on the Mount and the example of Him who translated it into lovely deeds, we would not go forth if that were all. Moral truths by themselves are only a poor treadmill upon which men spend weary labor and never get any higher. Christ did not come so much to tell men what they ought to do, what they ought to be—that is to mock them with the revelation of their own impotence; He did not come for that, but to give them power that was more than human, and to enable them to ascend to the heights which Ho showed. V/e do not go the heathen world to repeat bits of sweet philosophy and moral prottiness ; we go to give them the unveiling of a Father's face, to open up to them a new world of inlinite compassion and 'forgiveness ; we go to give them the sweets of atonement and joy of recon ciliation ; we go to carry theiu an almighty living Saviour to help them, an intense and personal love to inspire them, a vital union .with the source of all power to energise them, and a life beyond to enrich with its hopes and brighten with its glories the labors and the sorrows of the life below. And between that and everything else in the world there are no terms of comparison possible. It is hot a question of superiority. Every lover of Christ flings scorn on that patronising word. It is a question of contrast—machinery against living force, a father's heart against unfeeling stone, and a heaven full of love against a present house of despair. No less conviction than that will keep up the white heat of missions. 