FIRST MAN IN. .' - A BRAVE DEED. Among the many negro nations, differing widely from one another in speech and physique, who obey the rule of the White Queen, as she is termed throughout the West African littoral, there are none more remarkable in their manners and customs, nor harder to manage, than the tribes who inhabit the limitless swamps and littSe known forests of the Niger delta. They are all men o£ huge stature, with arms and chests splendidly developed by constant .labor at the paddle, for they practically live in their dug-out canoes, but with the weak lower limbs of the negro. A little while ago, King Shaillu of Hioba, not having the fear of the Government before bis eyes, and disregarding what had happened when the strong-hold of the river pirote Nana went down before the wrath of the Protectorate, built himself a strong stockade around his city of muilwalled huls. and took counsel with his Ju-Ju men as to how he might, most easily acquire power and riches, and make a name for himself, as did his fathers before the coming of the white men. Soon afterwards mutilated corpses of unfortunate slaves commenced to draft down the rivers with every freshet, and inland traders, arriving at the scattered coast factories, told strange tales of men buried alive among the foundations of new houses.or stockades. At last-it was determined that Shaillu should be made an example of- Silently file by file, with scarcely the crackling of a twig or the rustling o£ leaf to mark their passage, the Torubas moved down the steep bank, for they had been trained in forest warfare from childhood, and had held their wild land with spear-blade and flintlock gun against the fierce tribes of the Western Soudan and the Arab raiders from the northern desert. Captain Cranton; watched them • flitting like ghosts through the shadows, and abused the clumsiness of his subaltern, who tore his way noisily with nervous haste through every obstacle, until he heard their feet sucking in the soft mire. Presently there was a splashing by the edge of the ford; then the sound melted into the gurgle of the river, and the last dim figure disappeared into a drifting cloud of mist- . . . "Get on there, this is no time for rest," said the Captain as the leading files halted; and he hurried forward only to sink breast deep in a steep-sided hollow, and to wonder if they had blundered and lost the track across the ford. While he hesitated there was another roar of flintlock guns and a shower of jagged potleg sang past overhead and splashed along the surface of the river. A Toruba dropped his rifle with a splash, and clutching at his side collapsed, a limp heap, into the stream. A comrade dashed forward, but it was too late; there was a choking gasp, and with an oily gurgle the muddy current closed over a ghastly face, and the Toruba was gone. The soldiers stared at one another for a moment, and a few of the Snider butts .came home to the shoulder with a rattJe, but Captain Cranton said sternly. "The man is dead; the first who fires without my order dies also. Forwai-a there!" Then, with set teeth, the Torubas went ahead, floundering and splashing, struggling shoulder deep against the power .of. the, stream with uplif ted rifles^, while the sickly Doctor gasped" for breath as he was half carried, half dragged, wildly through the water. Just as they came dripping out of the river, a long trail of fire streamed upwards across the midnight sky, and a detonating rocket burst into a cloud of crimson stars far overhead, to show that the landward gate had gone down before the attack of the flanking party. While the evil-smelling vapor was still eddying and drifting along the face of the stockade, with a yell the Torubas rushed forward, stumbling and blundering over shattered logs and glowing cinders, half choked by the sickening odors of the explosive, and swept down the main street of the village, driving the river-men before them at the bayonet-point like a flock of frightened sheep. Some one had hurled a blazing torch Into a hut, and the roaring flame leaped forth from thatch to thatch, throwing a lurid light on the crowd of naked figures flying for their lives between the lines of mud-walled huts,or scaling the palisade and flinging themselves over into the darkness out side. Dripping with perspiration, and scarcely visible through the stifling smoke-wreaths, Captain Cranton dashed along at the head of his men, swinging his revolver and threatening, in hoarse breathless gasps, all kinds of penalties on the man who fired without his order; for he knew if the Torubas once got beyond control there would be no human being left alive in the town. While the doctor wondered what he should do, a chorus of yells, hisses, and whistles rose from behind a cluster of "huts, and presently a handful of black soldiers came into sight, giving way slowly before a wild mob of naked river men. There was no time to load or fire. Spear-heads and the brass-bound butts of the trade guns- rattled and crashed among gleaming bayonets and brown Snider barrels, for the Torubas were fighting desperately as they went, four of them bearing what appeared to be a shapeles heap of tattered karkl uniform upon a layer of woven palm fibre, torn out from the side of some headman's house. - "Stop them—stop them—one time !" shouted the doctor, but his men needed no telUng. With the wild shout of the northern raiders ringing out above the dash of spear and rattle of Snider butts they drove forward, and as the bright steel filled up the narrow way the fóe were held In check for a few moments. Staggering up to the side of the rough litter. Surgeon Marsland felt the grasp of the big Toruba sergeant on bis shoulder, and heard a voice in his ear: "Officer man live for die, Sah: riverman'chop him with spear. Say, ęarry me first through stockade, alive or -dead." ""Never mind what he.said, let me get at him. - Por heaven's sake keep those brutes back, he's bleeding to death," .ehouted the doctor, shaking off the grasp and' bending down over the still form. Xbung Liscoinbe feebly raised his head.*"Good-bye, rm about .finished; but .1 was first, man in," he gasped. Without a wora the doctor slil ihe tvmic from the arm- and wrenched open hip instrument case as he saw the bright hlood pulsing in jets from a -severed artery. *'0«j, for' two minutes, just Wo minutes!**-ne groaned, as he slipped^a: rubber tourniquet around the. white elan: but even as he did so, the -crowd of rirer-men surged madly .".forward^ there was a clash of bayonets and spear heads, and ^though the Torubas parried and lunged desperately they staggered -end yielded ground before the dead' weurht of numbers. . -..--•• • \- 2ffev-er turning bis tyes. the doctor wenfrtjuietoy on with his work, in a grim race to save his comrade's Jife. Just as the-thick rubber, biting Into .the Brm flesh, choked down the - spurting, blood, the Torubas broke nway, and'tt huge naked river-man *wung a gleaming matchett back to the full sweep of his right arm to deliver theresistless cut the West African knows so well at the doctor's head. Almost instinctively Surgeon Marsland closed his eyes. Then he felt .himself hurled on one side as something rushed past him, and, glancing round again, saw the red bayonet of Sergeant Koffee shoot past at the point from behind the shoulder and slide into the negro's naked flesh, until the socket clashed against the breastbone, Almost simultaneously he heard the Toruba's shout, and the swarming foe split up and melted a-nay into flying groups as, swinging his spitting revolver right and left, „Capfcrtn Cranton swept past at the head of his men. Then his overtaxed strength gave way, and he collapsed a limp unconscious beap across the foot of the litter. • Before morning Hioba was a heap of smoking ruins, and Shaillu a prisoner fast botmd with titi creepers.—"Macmillan'o." 