How We Collaborated. (BY O. O. E., IN " THB BLOCK.") ** EDWIN, ' said my wife one evening, as we sat on the verandah of our cottage, " do you know, I have been thinking seriously of a plan by -which our . ? income might be increased." I am only a clerk in the head office of the Australian Bank in Sydney. We reside, I may mention, at Lane Cove ; and what with retrenchment in the " office," and a baby at " The liest," we subsist chiefly on J' the . lonely ¡ view" over the Parramatta Uiver which our cottage verandah commands. "And what is your plan ray dar- ling? I shall be most happy to .assist you." " Oh, thank you, Edwin, thank you," said my little wife, ' growing , quite excited over her idea._ "And you will really help mo to write, and correct the-" She hesitated, and .was lost as usual. " But, my dear, you did not tell me exactly what you wish mo to do." " Oh, didn't I tell you ? Well, Edwin, I was thinking we ought to ?write for tho papers." "Yes!" I was surprised at her boldness, for I have no capacity beyond figures. " And for the magazines ! There's The Block-" As soon as I had recovered my customary calmness, I said V Stories, Angelina ?" "Yes, dear. (Hore she put her .arra around my neck.) Mysterious detective stories, and creepy ghost ..stories about old castles, and haunted rooms, and awful murder stories, and-and, oh 1 such sweet love stories." "Do you think they'll pay for them?" I asked tremblingly. . "Of course they'll pay," Mr. Wet ' blanket. The magazines will be glad . . to get thom." "But where shall we get the raw " material ?" I queried. Up till that moment I really had not appreciated \- my wife's wonderful ability. " We must make them up, of . course,", she replied. ."Oh, Edwin, ' it will be such fun to hold some \- fair girl's fate in our hands, and then, when- the reader is trembling with excitement for the result, to save her in a few sentences. Do you know, I have a lovely story in my head just now, if you would only tako your pen and paper," So to please my little wife, I lighted a cigar, and seated myself nt the table. I thought I might indulge in a cigar out of the rooney vre wore going to earn. - And this is the story we produced. It was evening - one of those delicious ovonings in early spring that are the experience of Austra- lians. The sun, sinking in the west; ?was tinting the whole sky' with graduated tones of orange and gold and purple and blue. The . wattle and the ti-tree were in full blossom, making ' the air i redolent . with perfume. , On tho evening to which we refer, a solitary traveller might have been seen cantering rapidly along a -scarcely perceptible " track through the Australian Bush, ile wore tue usual broad-brimmed slouch hat, short coat, and riding breeches. The horse on which the rider sat so gracefully was one of those short bodied Australian cobs, with straight hind legs, long tails, and large feet, of which the colonies are so distinc . tively proud. Tho rider was David Brown. He -was a surveyor by profession, em \- ployed in the Lands Department in Sydney. At present he was out on a certain business for the office, in -which tho courting of Jessie M'Grae for himself was considerably mixed up. V . "What a glare the sun has to- night !" exclaimed David, as he cast . his oye around the heavens. " It looks ns if it would be a regular scorcher to-morrow." . . For answer, the kookaburras in tho trees struck up -, their evening merri men t. A 'friar-bird, or, as he is colloquially called, a' leatherhead, j torched on the branches of a lofty peppermint, took up the.echo, and liurled "back unintelligible stories about his "Property - property prep." Then, also, came the first faint cry of the more-pork, or Aus- tralian cuckoo, from the deeper shade of the bush. And thus Day is declared over, and night reigns instead, in this land of little twi- light. "It will bo dark directly," solilo- quised Brown. "If Jessie meets mo at the Ghost Bridge, I'm afraid she'll have a nasty wait?' ' Tho traveller struck his'spurs irlto his horses Hanks, ana toole a spin ' along tbo track until, be entered the dark: bush that surrounded Mrs, Egan's selection. Mrs. Egan was .remarkable) for nothing moro than that she was the mother of four lazy nuns, of whom the eldest, Mat, bad rendered himself conspicuous by his wild deeds (Mat is the bushranger.) Ho was well-known to, but not yet caught by, the police. "There she isl" exclaimed David, as a turn in the road brought him close up to their usual place of meet- ing, when the surveyor went forth to survey around the fair domain of Cudjowarra. It was indeôd wonder- ful bow tho official duties of Mr. Surveyor Brown so frequently led him to visit the homestead ot Mr. M'Orae. " Ah, Jessie, ray lass, how aro you ? I am later than I expected." In a moment David had dis xnountod, and was holding Jessio' by -the hands. " And how are you, Jessie ?" he repoated. " And how have you been ' sinco I last saw you ?" ?? "Ob, we're all nicely'Dave. There's no use in grumbling." Hedrow Nugget, tho horse, close to tim side of th« bridge. "You'd botter got up behind mo, «Jessie, and we'll bo home in a twink ling. We have double-banked Nugget before to-day." David threw himself into - the saddle; and Jessie, clambering dis- creetly on the stump, leaped nimbly up behind him. But the twinkling did not come immediately, as expected. ? . The lovers had much to talk about, and Nugget seemed wonderfully dull., They were, however, now. in the very darkest part of the road, and the horse trod cautiously. Here and there, glimmering through the trees, they could see some radiant star. The perfume of the eucalyptus and the wattle were distilled doubly in the evening air. They little thought that danger was so near. Suddenly a loud report from a rifle rang out in the cool, still air. They heard the swish of a bullet flying over their heads. They heard its "ping" against the trunk of some tree behind them. Nugget gave a sudden plunge ; and Jossie, wno had been clasping her lover with insuffi- cient tenacity, slipped off into the darkness. "Are you hurt, Jessie-woa, fool speak, Jessie." " Here, Dave, I'm all right." " Stop I " cried a strange voice from out the darkness. "Stop, and hold up your arms, or we'll shoot you like a dog." " Jessie - steady, you 'brute^ Jessie," whispered David to the^ girl, now clinging to his near stirrup leather; "cati you jump up again? Nugget will soon give theni best." "Do you hoar mo?.'.' the voice'con- tinued. "There are six of us here. Boys, sing out, and show him where you are." ? > "I've covered him," cried out ono voice from another direction.^ "I've got you under," cried an- other. " It's the Egans," whispered Jessie. " Mat was coming home to-night. We may as well tell them who we are." " Never," whispered David in reply. "But jump up at once while I talk to them. What do you want ?" "Don't you ^ move . oho inch," repeated the voice from the bush. " 1 have you covered with my rifle/.' "I can't bo steady," replied the surveyor, "my horse wont stand." " Shall I jump now, Dave ? " " Yes, darling, quick. Then aloud, "What is it you want?" The next moment Nugget bounded forward into the darkness. The horse's hoofs rang out on the black night. The trees seemed to shoot past them into darkness. A howl of indignation and disappointed rn^e rose from the attacking party. Jessie and David wore already congratula- ting themselves on their escape. They were even meditating ven- geance on Mat Egan, when half a dozen jets of flame leaped forth from as many rifles." Half a dozen bullots flew around them. They'heard the angry swish as they ' passed, and knew that neither, had been hurt. Not so poor Nugget. The animal swerved suddenly, pitched forward, staggered, and then recovered him- self. Then giving utterance to a half winny, half groan, the poor beast. stood trembling violently. " Leap off, Jessie, quick. Leap for your life. Nugget is shot." The girl leaped off at once. She was followed in her descent by Brown. The horse was swaying and trembling, as his master cleared his back, and immediately slackened the girth. Once the horse turned his head towards his master piti- fully, then with a plungo forward he fell headlong on the ground.. Flash after flash seemed bursting like rockets up the track. Shot after shot broke the silence of the night. It seemed more like the firing of a regiment than the desultory shoot- ing of robbers. " Down, Jessie, down. For Heaven's sake creep away, and send your father and your brothers. I'll stay here and amuse them till you are safe. Mat Egan has been a bit too smart to-night." ; The girl, familiar with the locality, slipped off into the darkness at once. Brown crouched behind tho body of his horse. He was ready to receive his antagonists as warmly as. he could. He held his breath, and peered anxiously back along the way by which he had come. " Yes. There is something moving on tho track," he whispered to him- self. He strained his eyes to the utmost against the brighter back- ground ol the sky. He saw a figure creeping towards him. . It was mov- ing steadily on all fours, crawling up the side of. the track. A short, sharp report _rang out from the revolver of David Brown. With a howl the solitary figure fell forward on his .face. Then ali was darkness, and great groaning and confusion. Words of ill. omen, and cries and curses were mingled with the screaming of the curfews over- head. More shots were fired - at random. Arid ' then silence-as of the grave-for the men attended to their wounded; . . . Taking advantage of the situation, Brown placed the saddle on his back, I and crawled off noiselessly into the bush. Here hp hid it in a hollow log ; then, - rising to his feet, made quietly for Cudiowarra. Once he stopped, and held his breath, as the. figure, of a man stood before him on tho path. But the figure was only a blackened stump, the remnant of some old bush fire. Jessie M'Grao arrived at her father's hoiise only a few minutes before her lover. She heard his light tap upon the door, and hast- ened to admit him. A bright log. blazed upon the hearth of the room that served as kitchen and Bitting-room. A kerosene oil lamp swung alight from the rafters. Sirs. M'Crae was standing, with her knuckles on the table, digesting tho fearful and exciting narrative which her daughter hndjust been narrating. On tho entrance of David Brown, Mrs. M'Crae shook him warmly by the hand, and left tho kitchen to inform her husband of his snfety. As David held Jessio by both hands, and gazed down into the depths of her blue eyes with their strange far away look, ho was quite excusable in believing that there never lind been such a brave girl as Jessie ¡ti the whole world. Standing in tho strong glare of the firelight, with her fair hair and her lithe and supple fleure. Jessie made a picture for an artists. Her clear-cut features and gen I le expression, went straight to the young man's heart. " Is that you Dawvid Broon ? " asked Mr. M'Orne, entering the kitchen with his gun. He spoke before he had quite opened the door. He found David sitting on one side of the fireplace, and Jesie sitting on the other. " What way nre ye, mon ? A'm rieht gled till see ye. A' was oot tellin' the boys aboot the way ye has been set upon by the Egans, an' we'd, been wi' you in a jilt. My word, hut it's a puir welcome. What's it a' for ?" "1 suppose they thought I liad some money with 1116," replied Brown; taking the offering-a nip of " whusky "-that the old man silently presented. " Aiblins I .He's gettin' ower habl'," said Mr. M'Crae, who still adhered to the Doric of his Fatherland when excited. " But ye'll be hungry the noo-set doon. Margaret is n't there a wee bit o' that cauld mutton in the safe ? An' ye hae loast yer jguld black horse ? Set doon.'mon, set doon. But Jessie, notwithstanding her fright, had already seen to the' bodily wants of her lover. In a few minutes after his arrival David Brown was enjoying an' excellent, though simple, meal. On that night M'Oraes kept watch and ward over their guest, taking the post of sentinel by turns. Now and then noises that seemed strange startled them Into attention. But they were'only the noises of the bush-the stamp of an angry wallaby, or the limb of a tree grinding on its mate. And so the night wore on. About ten o'clock next morning a police officer appeared at Oud.jowarra. " Have you a spare bed, boss, that you could lend to a sick man for a spell?" " That a' depen's on wha the seek mon may be," replied M'Crae diplomatically, " If ye're speering it for line o' the Egans, that tried tao shoot Jessie .last nicht, the de'il a' ane o' ma beds he'll ever lav his dirty carcage in." ; . " Oh. that's all right," replied: the officer. " It's only for our sergeant. He has got a bit of a bullet wound in his leg that Mat Egan fired at him last night." " Dae ye tell me that, noo? Why, the de'il iiiinsel' must line been abroad then, for the same malefactor killed a guid horse belongln' tue my intended son-in-law Dawvid Broon, But lino did it happen ? What are ye glowrin' at?" "The fact is, Mr. M'Orae," Bivid the pol ice- man, "we had information that Mat Egan was coniin' home to his mother's' last night, and six of us came out to catch him." VAn' >'e grab him? By mu sang, "No. We got up to the cross roads, and waited for him by the turpentines. Some girl joined him on the road, and lt was so dark we were afraid to shoot. We killed the beggar's horse for him, although he has made oil with the saddle. But, my word, he 'ai given the sergeant a nasty scratch on the leg." "Ye're a liar 1" mared the old man. "Afraid tae shoot! but, nae matter. We forgie ye for being tules. Weel dune, Dawvid. Bring up yer sergeunt, young mon. Shair aneuch ye hae made a mess o' it umang ye. But a'm glad it's nae waur." . The trooper bit his Tip. Already the vision of some great mistake seemed to float across his brain. "Bringupyer sergeant," continued M'Orae. " We'll mak a bed for him the noo. It's no the first time that Alick and Sam nae slept a nicht or twa lu the bush. Ou-ay, Marget, we maun jist heap coals o' fire on the held of the sergeant that Ink oor Dawvid for Mat Egan. It' well It's no waur." What seems to me the strangest thing of all ts that my little wife and I have written this tale between us, and we haven't brought in a bushranger after all.. 