'.A MODERN PYTniAS. -/ A group of tenuis flayer were lounging under Uho looiWtrees in the campus oft a>' college.1 iThey had just finished the fifteenth 41 lint game jot ' the- season," for' although . November was . "near, the wcAth&r; remained like summer ( It was little Tod McNutt who found bis breath first, and broke tho silence— 41 Have you got acquainted with-, the new , soph yet— Fred Herscn ?" Seems to be a genial :",eort." . 14 Genial J" echued bis nearest neighbour, .Clifford Doonc, in a tone of infinite disgust .. j 44 What old-fashioned words you; use, Mao! Phrase him in the modern languages, can't yuuP" 44 Why, I menu ho isn't slickiah. - He gets, /acquainted enaily, doem'tseoin a bit homosick or forlorn, as tha new fellows muctly arc, aud tikea Iub examination like so much fun." . | 44 You don't say ! " ejaculated Lex Small, the 'champion athlete bF the school, who spent so tnuoh time and energy ou gymnastics that little ,na left for mathematics I " Bo," ro»serieit MoNutt. 44 Guess I'll get introduced. He might help Ae out in trig," said Lor, thoughtfully, i The boys all laughed at this characteristic 'remark, and fairlv shouted when BliidftV Dwiic, the 44 pot lamb of the flock," W lie was called, phoned bis colours by hoping 44 that the girls would uot go crazy over him." 44 They will, l lcuow," spoke up Clifford, i44 For 1 saw Flo Barnard talking with him in (the library, and tbe girls all follow her lead.'' . There wus a chorus of groans at this, for Itbese four young niQtt were tbo admiration of the girl students, which srerct whs long since .discovered, and often discussed at ihuir private 'meetings. i 44 In union there In strength— my only axiom, igentleinen," proclaimed Lex, 44 A Fellow has uo businctis coming into this college two months date, taking the front seat in our class-rooms land in our best girls' hearts. I propose we I unite in downing this new and objectionable porson, every time, everywhere, and in every possible way !" I 44 Agreed!" they shouted, McNutt adding, 44 Let's begin right off ! I'll get introduced in srdcr to find the weak points in his armour, Lies, go and look up his place in the olas books. Uliff, prupare to outvhine him in recitation to morrow, and Shirley look al ter the soundness of khB girls' hearts." ! So, laughingly, they shouldered their racket knd sauutercd into the house. 44 Thus ftiuletU tbe fifteenth last gamo!" exclaimed Los. 14 One would think vfc were practising for the atage, with our numerous farewell cngsgemcnfcs. Suppose, for achungu, we turn to our work as investigating committee, aod hear tbo report of members, Mnc, first." Raising himself upon one elbow McNutt began— 44 1 got acquainted with tbe new man and found he was from Now York. He didn't say whether it was tbe State or City ; iu fact, be bas the knack of making a body talk, so I came 'away feeling that he knew more about mo thuu ( did of him, and— that'a all." : 44 He didn't havo a very good lesson this morning," put m Shirley, 44 aud he seuaied preen to mc— staring at every ooe who got up to recite." . 44 Ob, new ones all do !" objected McNutt. . i 14 Ouo thing I know," asserted Lex, calmly proceeding amid .tho shuuta of 44 Hear, hear !" j44 Flo has introduced him to half of the girls (already, and 1 intend giving her my opinion of . jeuoh forward, unladylike conduct." ! 44 He hnsn't showu preference for auy, so far," |iaid McNutt, thoughtfully scraping the seeds ifrom the grasses arouud him, 44 but it bnts mc (what a fancy bo has for that si unid Jack Stokes. This i Stokes' second term, you know, and he Ihasn't half a dozou friends to his name ; yet he and Hansen were walking iu the campus this (morning like old crimies." ; 44 Oh," yawned Clifford, 44 we are gossiping jasfcheydoat a ladies' tua party. Lot's have jnnother game by way of practice." While I hesa conversation were being held on the lawn, thu much- discussed sludeut, Frod Harden, was fnst being initiated into the life of tbe college. All that the quartette of envious . fellows had raid of him was I rue, which is more \- than cau be asserted of most gosbip. Never fbad the college walls held a sludeut so popular in so short a space of time. ! The girls raved over his manliness and good / looks, while bis ability and joviality won the jinore reluctant respect and good will of the Ibojs. : A1I were amazed, however, that ho should form bo ardent u fricmUhip with Jack Stokes, a student far from popular among them. Ily-and byothoy were looming together, and thoir dou became headquarters for all the fuu going. Here it was that the tho boys congregated to iplan tboir first sloigh-ride ; choso sides l'or a golf match ; elected thoir ghost to attend tho jgirla lea pnrty ; held impromptu debates, and jwrote essays for one another. Even Stokes beeame 41 illumined with a Weflected popularity," as'Lex grumpily called it, and was iuvited everywhere his comrade was By times be was the life of the company ; but lib was a fitful gleam, and he invariably relapsed (into a morbid gloom. j Weeks passed making little change in the social affairs of the College ; one night, however, a strange procession wound it way through the grouuds, and only the ' crunching of ice-covored onow broko the stillness. Tho bell boy . shrieked with terror when he opuued the door to receive a group of men beariug two unconscious bodies. They bud gone out, a lively crew, in a four-horse (sleigh ; but.fcbrougli fright or reokleM driviug itbe heroes lad carried them over au embank- it dent, with this awful result. Many were out \- Uud bruised, while Clifford' Doonc had a leg jbrokeu, aud Jack Stokes wus internally injured. ! Soon, there was hurrying to-and-fro, and thu excitement was for days iutense. Clifford's Condition was painful, but htwreoovery was only |a question of tiuiu ; Jack's life, bowuvor, swung liu the balance for mauy days. During that time iFretl scarcely left his side, declaring that he court )do as well as any Craiued nurse, aud that ho would jgive up bis plaoo\iu class rather thau desert Ibis friend. 'The doctor and professor looked at (one another in surprise, oue of thorn whispering, I44 A veritable Damon and Pythias case." Ho had his own way, as usnal. night after night banlobing the kiud-hoarted ono who offered to relieve them. After a day. of uuusirol suffering and the eoostuub attendance of tbe doctor, when Fred . was left alone with tbo sick mun, -Took turucd a white face towarda him aud said wiHtfuily— 44 The dootor has given me up, have you ?" ( 14 No, indeed ! " was tbe quiok answer. V4 Still, I would prepare for the worst, Jaok. rell me anything that burdons your minds." 44 1 understand— nud I'm nut ready to die, either, for 1 haven't lived right, aud tbo inuo eeut might suffer because of me.v Can you keep ja secret P Draw up closer and I will tell you \- one." ; He talked long and eagerly in whispers, until Fred saw bis strength -was exhausted and his etory nearly dono, so he sid in a trembling eoice— I 14 That will do. Take this and go to sleep." j And when tbe modiolno had done its work, this 44 Pythias " quickly crossed tho room, oponed a trunk that was uot his, carefully laid its conteuts on the floor, and flually raisod a , aeatly made falso bottom. Ab, the web wo call friendship 1 What a frail thing It is ! i Jack did hot die. As soon as the doctors onld permit the boye met iu 91 for a jubilee, ptrrylng Clifford is that they might' have their 1 41 hbroos (' together. It was a rare occasion, and- tbo'y.wcre all Irii h'lgh'gjee;?But: when; Fred and Lex reached iheir own room the for jner hoisted himselfiipon the study table and exblalmed— ' .'K44 It.beats nui! YVficn Jack was .thought about to die Fred was devotion devptad; and upon my -honour between you and me and this table, now that he's guiting well the fellow; aots'sorry." 41 Yoii'rc right, Mac," was thd answer. 4M never saw, suoh an expression on a mortal's face. Re couldn't havo looked ttnhappter if. he. were' to be hung, ami you'd have expected him to. bo the jclllc&t; oue of the crowd. Ob, well, Unrsen's a puzzle we might a well give up first as lost, and I'm too %Uepy Iq talk, anyway ; so got down, and don't venture another word to night." Boon he was snoring, a queer little childish snore, aud MoNutt dropped off with aBmilo on bis face. A week afterward Stoke appeared for ilio first- time in the clas-room, Haraen following, and looking far tbe paler of tho two. Tbe professor entered, and wan about to begin the recitation whon Fred slopped to tbo desk, and laving donu some pitpers said audibly 44 Will you examine these, and vouch for their correctness y" Then, faring Stokes, ho said in a clear voioe, 44 George - tjtover, in the nimo of tho law I arrest you on the charge of forgery committed three years ago in Buffalo, New York Yuu have concealed in your trunk— which is now iu the hands of the authorities — four thuus&ud; three hundred dollars ; besides, you hav« freely confessed this crime to inc. As a detective" (throwing opeu hi coat to show the star), 44 1 traced you here, but having to prove your guilt 1 entered vs a student and became your daily companion. This you ail know, so there is nothing for me to add except perhaps a few personal wordi. Fellow students, it has been a mean part 1 have played, and the daily deceptiou has been almost unendurable, still it was necessary, as each one can see. When Jack was sick- especially after he took me into his confidence —I wibed that to save himself the disgrace and the penalty— oh, I aished iu my heart be might die." There was a painful pause, in which no one seemed to breathe, then he went ou,— 44 Had ho died then no one should over have' attached tbo crime to him, and I would havo disappeared from this college as suddenly as 1 appeared. Tho sheriff is in the ball. We must go." Jack, who had risen at Fred's first words, stepped forward and said in a manly voico— 44 It is true. I am guilty. Believe me, boys, I would rathi be serviug out my sentence where I belong than bore among the innocent. Anywhere is a prison with rcmorie in one' heart, and perhaps when this crime is atoned for, and I coma to fuce death again, it will not lie so hard. Forget me, one and all. Good bye.' There wore no more lessons learned in college that day, and no laughter for a week. After discussing the matter for the four huudredth time, Shirley Deane turned to the group of girls and said sharply— 14 Aud Hitrsuu was marriod, too. He told roe so at the depot, aud said he hoped the girls would uot cry, but 1 hope you will, and that it will be a lesson to everyone of you ! " 