Plain Girls ./!Do plain girls ever become, pretty?" asks - at bon cspondent. | The h'hswfer Is, Not always. Somelimesa girl of ordin-" aryriooks grows Into a most fascinating woman.' and if not absolutely beautiful," may ciaim 10 ue gnoa iooKing. How ofton the tall, bony, , awk ward girl— the ' acknowledged- bgly duckling of the family — develops into a perfect specimen of : lovely woman. The bony limbs have rounded them selves, plump soft flesh has filled up un sightly hollows, the squareness and an-, /jftilaritS' .are .departed, and;- the budding' 'woman is ari delicately, 'proportioned as Venus. Just so the plain girl of 17 may In time become the attractive young lady ;of 24 or sq. A face, that, in early youth is blank and devoid of expres sion often changes considerably as the girl giiows olflrir, glvi.nBjJ9.Yhe features a beauty that was not traceable "there before.. Beauty often deserts the lovely woman- Care, worry, or lilneks plhy se rious havoc with a handsome face; and not these .alone, for Nature, of her own ; accord, sometimes erases the loveliness, leaving the fia.ee a very ghost of its former self. .The features are not al tered so much as the expression, and expression, has a deal! to do with the beauty of countenance- In fact, a plain face owes much of its'un&ttractiveness; to its lack of expression— there are heaviness and stolidity about it; where-; as a beautiful one, if not actually bristling with animation, has a grace ful airiness- and ease that gdd greatly to its charm. For. the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution, for as the maid becomes' a ; woman toe undergoes a wonderful transformation. , With 'the development of the figure the face often alters considerably, and mostly for the. better. -How often one hears the'' remark »among friends, meet ing after some few years of absence, ""'How' you .baVe, "altered;! I really shouldn't have known you." Plain girls, ...-therefore,. ,are.- .notalways plain ; and healthy exercise, happiness, and contentment, .with care apd- .attention, may do much toward the development of good looks, and . general attractive- ness.— "Exchange." 