CBICRET. Notes and Comments. By "OLD CRICKETER." After the Intercolonial banquet, club cricket seems very common fare. It Is wholesome and strengthening for all that, and players relished 4t, as they do the finet square meal after an OVerdOSe Of hnlidnv daintiae T dnn'T bnn«r by the way, whether South Melbourne enjoyed themselves overmuch. When Phillips and Koche had gone for 11 and 4 respectively. South went in against a moderate total of '284. At any rate, the task seemed reasonably easv at first, although the early departure of Clarke and E. A. Barrett looked ominous. But Ingle- ton, Trott, and Tatcbell ail shaped well, and the score went forward merrllv enough until these three batsmen had been settled. When It is noted that Gillor, w'ho went in at the fail of the fourth wicket, carried his ball for six runs, it will be surmised that something un usual happened. Just this, that Koche got on the spot, and with the assistance of C. M'Leod upset five wickets for half a dozen runs. South'e total amounted to 103, the only respec table items being Trott J9, Ingleton 30, Tat- ehell 20. Roche's figures are worthy of quota tion at length : — 66 balls, 5 maidens. 28 runs, 6 wickets. The innings furnished some idea as to what might be expected of Roche if wicKets were at all under par. Saturday's pilch, although by no means a bad oue, had just enough grass to make it possible for the ball to bite. As a consequence. Roche got the dangerous whip into his botviing, and bats men suffer as recorded. Anyone witnessing the performance must have been impressed with the notion that, on certain wickets at least. Roche is a very dan gerous bov.ier. This performance is somewhat re-assuring, as one or two comparative failures .were shaking people's faith in the ability of the M.'C.C. professional to bowl with effect in really good company. Southern people made a considerable out cry about the state of the wicket, but Trott and Ciller, who opened South's follow-on In nings, didn't find it overwhelmingly difficult. It is only fair to blame Roche, rather than the ground, for South's downfall. TJie southerners nave i"J on (Trott 24, u-nior 5), both not-out, so that their second innings promises well enough. There were several remarkable features in East's innings against University on Saturday. Continuing with two out for 319, visions of a great total encouraged the Jolimonters, and depressed the Students. At any rate, such were supposed to be the feeiines of the re- spective teams as they took the field. But the batsmen didn't give evidence of any special elation, nor did the bowlers attack as if alarmed at their task. In "no time," as it seemed, Laver was grabbed In the slips, with out increasing Ills previous snore of 101. Lewis went for a dozen, M'AlIlster. Costolio, and Chrystal for 0, 7, and 5 respectively, and Stuckey only added lOto his 160. Here were six good men floored while only 27 runs had boon "added to the total. Of course (his sort of thing oouldn't go on indefinitely on a good wicket, ajid Vaurin joined with M'Michael to check '"te breakdown. /Just in proportion as the other batsmen ap peared to lack power, so these two sturdy willowers laid about them with confidence and elfeet. There was no slopping them, and tens ran up just as pleasantly as wickets had pre viously fallen. Vautin was in a more cautious humor than usual, hut if his hits lacked eleva tion, thev made up in force. He carried his bat for 53, while M'Michael, who had plavcd beautiful cricket, was run out for 56. The partnership added 92 runs. Lynesi of Richmond, who now plays for East, got 8, the total reading 476. D. M'Leod bowled splendidly on Saturday, end in spite of a wholesale pasting on the opening day, showed five wickets for 127— excellent figures in such a total. University . have 78 with three out — D. Sutherland 33. and the trustworthy M'Klnnon 41\. During M'Klnnon's innings the bowler, Laver, appealed against him for lbw, but Mr Umpire disallowed it although Laver was con fident that the verdict would have been | against the batsman. Later, a ball again struck M'Klnnon, and this time as one of the other fielders appealed, Laver said "No." Here again the bowler and umpire differed, and M'Kinnon had to go. The whispers that Carlton were scarcely good enough for a place among the associated clubs are no longer heard. Presently, too. we shall hear the last of the opinions that Warne can't bat. In this latter case, It is in to resting to speculate what sort of figures he will put up, if he should ever learn to bat. seeing that 'just now, without the usual qualification, he rings the changes between 50 and 200 per innings. "Worrall joined Warne on Saturday, and be tween them Fltzrnv trundlers were accorded a lively hour or two. Warne made one mis take in getting 54. but Worrall got his 89 not out without the ghost of A. chance. The vete ran's 75 in the previous match was likewise a faultless innings. He wants to be in the in tercolonial again, surely. Y'ith '"0 up, and eight wickets still in hand, Carlton bid fair to easily overtop the Fitzroy's 226. Towards this total Drysdale contributed 50 in really fine style, his plav reminding people of Jockey s best days. Thirty-nine by Dr Mailer was another verv creditable item on tne ljst. For Carlton Worrall four for 52, and Fortescue three for 57 bowled well. .. ,. J. Carbon and Gerber fairly took the sting out of the St. Kilda bowling, but for all that Fenton stuck to them bravely, and compelled respectful treatment of his deliveries. The batsmen named became associated with the score at 45. When ported, the figures read 237\. Gerber played fine, strong cricket, and only missed his century by over- anxiety, or some other cause, that induced him to hit too freely. Carlton, another man who evidently wants a trip to Sydney on the 26th, played grandly for 146. When recognised bowlers do this sort of thing, our selection committee must, surely be compelled to reflect. Houston got a pretty 29, North totalling 365 —a hearty response, indeed, to St. Kilda's 82. In spite of the heavy total, Fenton got seven wickets for 120 runs. The young trundler is moving towards the front rank surely, but not slowlv. Hawksburn easily settled Coburg's last chance, although they were accommodated with a wicket that reflected no credit upon the Coburg care-taker — to say the least of It. The batsmen hit un 54. and won by seven wickets. Walton getting 18 not out, O'Grady 16. The Brighton boys are looking up. It will be remembered that they heat Coburg, and on Saturday they easily put Richmond through, the pca-siders gp'tlug 277 'nr ''nn - Richmond's 155. Beulke again distinguished himself, making 61 by good, sound cricket. Vendy was the hero of the innings, however, coining in late and rattling up fit not out in very dashing style. Pender with 39 (run out) and Thompson 28 also showed that Associated Club bowling has no particular terrors for them. It is a pretty feather in ihe cap of the : new seniors to have been the first affiliated ' club to whip ore of (he quality. j A. Atpess got 108 for ll.C.C. v. Kew Asvluui. j Another team of M.C.C. fellows s.-ored for two wickets (Green 203 not out, II. O. Allan 151) against a St. Kilda team. Yet another M.C.C. man rc;ched fhroe I figures— J. Sutton 101 not out— against Fitzrov. Some of die ICast Melbourne tellows wore also among the runs— Jno. lioivleu 126 not out., A. S. Carter 112— v. University second. Murray and Hannah made a splendid effort to save Williamstown. hut the Kssendon total of 435 was altogether too much for them. Murray got 48, and Hannah 61 not out, the last two wickets adding 111 runs. The brilliant victory of New South Wales in Adelaide may be something of a solace to Victorians, as tending to show that eur own boys were not beaten by a commonplace team. Donnan, Iredale, M'Kibbin, Hov.cll, Garrett, and M'Ken/.ie come out of the en gagement with flying colors, Jones, Uiffcn, and Lyons being tile only S.A.'s who really did anything noteworthy. In view of the fact that the Welshmen beat us so handsomely, one is inclined lo sav "No wonder they trounced the S.A.'s." But It is something of a wonder. Had anybody ven tured. a week ago, to prophesy two of the actual facts of the game,, thev would have been dubbed silly. That Jones should have (taken seven wickets for 103 rims, in a game that found Adelaide beaten by an innings and 34 runs, would appear incredible, were the I faofs not hefore us. I hardly like to venture a decided opinion as to how the whole thing came about. One's disposition is to commend the victors, rather than disparage the losers, but really the S.A.'s do seem to have played a long way below average form. Fancy such a batting side going for 152 and 134 ! Why, with batsmen of the Giffen. Darling. Levins, and Hill class, it wouldn't have been the wildest wager in the world had anyone bet that at least one batsmen in each innings would have got as many runs from his own blade. No doubt M'Kibbin and Howell bowled well, but haven't the Adelaide scored off equally good trundling many a time ? But (here I Cricket is a funny game, and we must expect the un expected. The bearing of the game on Australian Eleven prospects gives it a special interest. Two points suggest themselves. If Turner can't go, Howell looks a likely man after his trundling here and in S.A.: and Jarvis. by maintaining the form of his second innings, would get into the team flying, as wicket- keeper and batsman. With two wins and no defeat, the New South Welshmen are running a great race for inter colonial supremacy. Unless we can overtake them on the 26tli in Sydney, it is all up with Victoria this season. For the approaching game I would be inclined to change our team a little say by substituting Worrall for C. M'Leod", and J. Carlton for Harry, with C. M'Leod as twelfth man. It is a touchy busi ness. isn't it— this team- picking ? INTERCOLONIAL PREMIERSHIP LIST. Matches T'l R'ns.jT'l \Vkis Average. ' Wn h'st For jAfft.jTk"! i.st For pest N.3. Wales-. 2 — '.O'-a P0|! 40 i 30 6 " ?2'52 Victoria .1 1 1161.122" I 40 ! 40 29 Hi(:l -52 S. Australia — 2 769! 6691 30 ! 40 19 '22! 2696 