Ix dealiug with the printed address of the Maryborough Labour candi dates recently, we took exception to the absurdly extravagant, violent, and blindly- prejudiced language in which it was couched. The same gentlemen delivered speeches in the Town Hall on Thursday night, and the contrast between their utterances and tbe tone of their printed address was most marked. It was indeed difficult, rather more in the case of Mr Norman than of Mr. M'Ghie, to believe that these were the two men who put their names to that fiery and iotolerant denunciation of the Go vernmeut and all its Acts. We are glad to note this change of attitude, if it really be a change, to one which at least does not excite ridicule, though it may not carry conviction. Of course the Government, its per formances and present programme, was barely dealt with by either speaker, for Mr. Norman soared up into realms of ideal reform, while Mr. M'Ghie furrowed amongst the political graves of a dead past, and disturbed almost forgotten ghosts, in a desperate endeavour to make out a case against the present Government. Both candidates covered a good deal of ground, but it was for the most part ground quite removed from the actual field of polities in which the pleasing Jooura UCJU1C mciuuumj rile to be fought out. Needless to say, the candidates made a complete pro fession of faith in the plaiiks ot the official Labour platform, and intrp duced several others. We were afforded a fair idea ot the unready, immature policy which the Labour party asks the country to accept in preference to the practical, ready to go-to work programme submitted by the Government. The question before the country now is — What do we most need in the next three years, and what party is best fitted to fulfil that need Should we take the tide of returning prosperity, and go for ward with it on existing and well tried lines, or begin to tamper with our social system and constitution, in however small a degree, thus nrcci pitating a condition of social and commercial unrest, uncertainty, and confusion. The country at this juncture needs capable admiuistra tion first and foremost, and then only practical and not experimental legis lation, the direct and indirect, consequences of which it is im possible to foresee, but which in the light of all legislative' experience of that character is likely to fail to produce tbe direct effect that was intended by its projectors, and to produce other unsuspected effects, that would make the remedy worse than the evil sought to be cured. Mr. Norman, referring to the Socialistic aims of the Labour party, asked, are these aims right, were they things they might legitimately aspire J-iuwauiJ ''uie ui mtiu certainly an ideal Socialistic state is something fascinating to contemplate, and there is nothing illegitimate in aspiring to attain to it, however hope less such a consummation might be ; but what does all this avail us, and how does it concern us at this moment, in face of the general elections, which are to determine liow the co)ony is to be governed for the next three years. We want something for our imme diute use, more substantial than aspirations, however noble and exalted they may be, and which, by the way, are by uo means the private property of the Labour party. Let our aims be right by all means, let them be based upon what we believe to be the principles ol justice : but let us come down from the clouds to earth, and remember what we are and where we are. Let us study and submit to our environment, while we yet strive to improve that environment. From the point of view ot a workable policy, and that is the sort of policy that the colony mast have to progress, it is not sufficient that the aim of a party should be right, for that applies equally to things that are wholly theoretical, but they must also be practicable, and even if practicable, expedient. It does not follow that because a thing is right in principle, it is possible in practice, and that i£ true of a great deal of contemplated socialistic legislation in the Labour programme and outride it. The burden that rests upon the Labour party in coming before the country with a policy to which, if returned to power, they propose to subject the community, is to prove, not alone that their aims are intrin sically right, not alone that they are based upon abstract principles of justice, but that they are conformable with the character of the people and the existing conditions of society, which are but slowly evolving. Mr. Norman admits that the platform includes reforms that might take considerable time to evolve, but believes some are ripe. Except one man one vote, which is not dis tinctively a Labour plank, as some Ministerial supporters have long endorsed it, he did not make it quite clear what planks he considered ripe for legislation in next Parliament, but apparenly State employment of labour to be demanded as a right, a minimum industrial wage, were amongst the number. But Mr. Norman, like most of his party, prefers to browse upon the green hills far away, than knuckle down to the stern requirements of our imme diate position, and devoted most of his attention to the things that ought to be, and, he believed, would be in time to come. This course involves much supposition, granted which, the rest is easy and auv castle in the air may be built, and Mr. Norman was 'supposing' all through his speech, neglecting the fact that the crucial test of practicability lay in the uatureof thesupposition and not in thecompleteness of the superstructure raised upon it. And the supposition generally assumed the comforma bility of human nature to the new social organisation. Will experience never teach us the fallacy of endea ' voring to alter the habits and ideas of society by the pressure of legisla tion. The utterances not alone of Messrs Norman and M'Ghie, but of all the Labour candidates, which taken together make a Babel of con fusion, point to the one conclusion that in facing the present elections that party is unprepared, and that the same word should be written across their policy. Under the cir cumstances it would be suicidal, not only to the country but probably to the Labour party itself, to grant it a lease of power. 