IN THE HOSPITAL WARD.' | (FOE THE ' SUNDAY TIMES.') old fellow in the \- park, prone and P|f v. P^lsi-ed 5 ye^ Fon ^»sW P h- derfuliy clear neaaea, ana pos b e s s q d of' a copious vocabu lary of vitupera tive Australian. His old grey swag was under his head, and his billy — blackened by the smoke of countless camp fireB — ia his tremulous fingers. 'Dhrunk and disordherly, no I&hful; visible manes, an' resishtin' the polace in the ixecution av their duty,' said Con stable Mulligan, with which quick if perfunctory diagnosis of the case he pro ceeded to yank the culprit to his feet. Senior-Constable Malone had more dis cernment, and perhaps more humanity. ' Dying !' he whispered to his piate. ' Let'B take him to the hospital.' 'Dying!'' Bhrieked the- sundowner. K T\mr» t I Vaii lwir»a ionVnrArt r\t o. rrin rroT_ whiskered Irish cop !' and he made a feebly. swi£e at Malone with his billy. 'Stan' me up on rqs legs. an' I'll take ye one up and t'other down.' Then, amidst a corrusca tion of Bar coo anathemas and Paroo objur gations, he was conducted to the hospital with the aid of a modified application of the ' comether of Maginnis.' I^a was put to bed in my ward— I was the next patient to him. I hoard the doctor whisper to the nurse, 'Pleurisy with effusion ; last a week, p'raps.' He was the most cantankerous, most rebellious, and most troublesome of patients. He proved quite untamep.ble, and fear quite alienated, the sympathy of the purses. At last, after he had been in three weeks, his power of speech left him, and his couch was ramparted with the ominous, death Ecreen. Two pretty nigbtnurses glidedaboufc ghost-like in the dim vistas of the ward, and the irregular breathing of the dying man was the only sound that reached my ear, How callous a sojourn in the hospital makes one; I remember counting his gasps, an-J wondering with unooncerned placidity' how long I would continue the enumeration before Morpheus claimed me or Azrael claimed my neighbor. And thus Bleep found me. The town clock's solemn tolling of the j hour of 3 a.m. awoke me. A deathly ^ Bilence from the screened pallet next to mine told me that the old sundowner had passed in his checks at last. Then the two nurses came along, listened, nodded to each other, and passed out of {sight within the screen-shaded area surrounded the couch of death. 'What the deuce are they doing?' I asked myself. Presently the snip, snip, snip of a pair of scissors reached my ears, and the nurses resumed their conversation which the dis covery of the death of the patient had interrupted. 'And do you know Charlie's awfully jealous of the dispenser. Bidiculous, isn't it?' 'That ninny' (snip, snip, snip). ' Oh ! you needn't speak disparagingly of him. You wouldn't mind him for your self. He's going to take me to Trilby next Tuesday.' ' Will (snip) you go ? (snip, snip). . . ' Be careful, you nearly cut his thumb just now. Of course I'll go, and if Charlie doesn't like it, well he'll have to lump it (snip, snip). . . There, I knew you'd cut him.' Just at this juncture a remarkable thing happened. The nurses gave a piercing shriek in concert, the screen fell over and presented to my gaze Nurse Elsie and Nurse Hilda incapacitated with fright, the cause of their consternation being the sight of the supposed dead man in a sitting posture and pointing with an irascible digit at a small wound ia his toe, bleeding copiously. ' 'What the h ? have you wenches been up to ? ' he asked furiously. 'Don't make a noise,' said Nurse Elsie, partially recovered from her perturbation. ' The patients are supposed to have their nails trimmed once a week. We are fined if we don't see to it, but when patients are cross and troublesome we wait till they are dead and attend to it before the doctor comes round. We thought you were dead, you know.' ' Dead be d ? d ! ' was the only remark vouchsafed by the tough old sinner. Well, that was a couple of months ago, and the old fellow is up at the Rookwood Asylum now and good for another five years at least. — J. A. Philp. 