The Sketcher. A Ghost's Stopy. ?By J, ROIiAJXO MAOIaAREW, in tttie 'Newcastle Weekly Chronicle.' un my Dime it toimuU all ' beer and akfittlets' in the ' anu-fessfhun,' guv'nor, though a lot uf outsiders thought so. It was jolly 'ard -work, and precious Ht'tle, for it, and u-'iniuiumer' in a ghost show got the 'earv end of it. Eogg's Koyal Gihost lllub-lon wasn't, lio. ex)copt'iou. I ought to know, for 1 spent five years of my imiseraible life in It. Old Fogg 'ad made some money run ning a eoalsihed down Whlteehapel 'iway. He was a chap of no eddica'fflon ; but his nut was screwed on the i'Jght way; so in t!he suiminer mouebs, wflien the Wa'Iteend trade nra-s s-lack, wot dues Fogg do but rents a big hem- pry shop on UoiMuerVial-road, fills it up for ihe g'h'ois'c business, eng'ages some broken dawn lnve'tors (I atos one of 'em) from ' poi'taible' it'heaytreis, opened to a ?criUinimed 'ouse, and did a roaring trade. You see the dliargo for admission was only a humlble ' d.' T.lie place 'eld aibou't a 'uuid' when .fuH, and wot wW'h ?three pettfonni'an'ces a nliglit, and ;-fix on Sa'turdaj-is, l-\\)gg fairly raked in the coin. ' Tlhe company consisted of seven indi vildiiails— Jlea'ding man, ?eavy man, yours . -truly, law comiedian, and two iflmps as d'id ' crowds,' ' v'illagers,' ' servan'ts,' 'dhilfttrd'Uhe scenery, and st-riigglud vvi'ih a haHma'ili'c 'and organ that did duty as wie band. A leading lady aud ehMiiHier nKiid coni'ple'tcd file 'large aud talented company,' as was wtiateil on the board outside. Fogg didn't give no fancy ««lari(*s. He ivii«n'* alllicted with eu largc-meut of the 'eart. Eight 'quid'' a week would cover all h'is expenses, so you can figure for yonrsel'f w'h'at iliis profits were. lie. didn't give his pa'trons no SbalMpeare— not likely. ' Jjucy Hiig gin's, or -Wie iSpuctre's Bride,' ' lllie Ijast Gasp,' dfceterer, was more in their line. Tlie proprietor was a short, fat, ral: faced man, Wi'i'li a voiice like a 'andiinill gi'in'din' coffee beans. Aud couldn't lie (sfbil't ''threes' of ScotWh ! But it diilu't seem to' ave no effect on li'im. He was a perU'wit sancWietl, and must had 'ad a cons'titution like a elephant. His better 'alf, -Mrs. Fogg, took ihe money ax the door. {She was ' first robber,' as it is called in tihe ' 'purfe.-shuu.' ' Some folks said as 'ow rihe was only Fogg's Wife tuiup'ovary like, and not for a puiuim nen't sii'ryvasli'iu ; but iiimt 'ad notiiing to do wiiiili us ; we didn't want to sue her marriage certificate. All 1 know is t'liat If Fogg bossed us she bos.si.-U him; aud when flooded over the Pliiusull mark with gin she used to raise ' ruc tions' in the show. My rospeVkti, guv'nor ! Take them all round, rhe 'gen'iy' of the company were a jolvy lot, -and diidut sraml upon their dig nity. Bc'liween tlhe tshuws they'll g-.' over to ilhe 'pub'' opposite. Wi-ih any one of llhu audience who offered to stand -,i iViur. They'd go in tlu-'ir stage togw, too, wTfh the ' slap' (U'iike-iui) on. Bla-ss you, there was no beastly lii'ide about 'em ! Soinc'i'Miies we 'ad hacior.s in our cn'iii pany as 'a'd 'eld igu-od p-jsUions in l':p top t'heay'rrew. Wina'r broiig'hr 'em ilouui to a gliust s'Iimw, l'Ii '! Booze, gliv'jiv)r, booze, as a rule. Not always, ihouiv/i. Somo'iilmefc, when ou't of an engage ment, anil having a wife aud young sters depending upon 'Yin, they'd tfinolilier iiliei-r pride, and apply to old Fogg for a shi'p. Von see llii; sals were h»w, 'but sure — the 'ghost' alnvayu walked — and tliat's more than can Ijo said for .some Wig tlu-aytres as I've known. BusiiUs, no bills being primed, none uf ihe'.r 'igh ami mig'li'iy ji'.tH's could liud out wot they was a-do!ug, if they 'ad the sense to keep tlieir niou'rliu dluit. 'lihey'd stay until a good engage nieiit turned up, and then they'd show a clean pair of heels. Why, once we 'ad the 3'oiingefeft: son of a real live 'barrow- U'ite'1 in -the hJliow, doing odd jobs, lie was ihe prodigal son, and past reclaiui ing. Wot with bronchitis, aud gargling his throat wiii'h wli!«ky,an ' four 'all',' 'stead of cod liver oil, he soon coughed MfriseK out of existence. Poor ueggjir } 1 'ope he's got a better .-Shop uo-w. I've knowed illio lnii« on the o'th'.'r leg, so to speak ; not often, though ; Liti't 1 knowed one pu.-wonaily. lin'tn, a big lia'Ctor in I-iondon now ; bu't lie a'iux ashamed to say he started as a ?'super' In a ?? portable' iheaytre, though I t'hink he'd 'e.si't'a'te ro isay i;hat he'd been a ' glnisi' With old l-'ogg. When 1 get a sijulnt at tlhe ' JOrsi,' and see as 'ow Mr. WfheiwoUl M'on'tinoreiicy Ks ' nWt ing,' ' I Wink Illie oilier eye,' as ihe song s-ayw. Wot. do I mean V Why, I means tlrcrc ten to one Mr. Moiiuiion-ncy is ' ?resii'lng' 'cos lie can't help it. When outeidors fancy lie's at lririgliron enjoy in' of hisiself, and iivliu' on rhe I'a't of rtie land, it's 'Ighly ipn;i-al)le he's up to the eyes in deht to his 1'amllatly, and jolly glad to get a nwo-ey'd .-twik (.blwater) for (liiiner. 'Ave another V Well since you're so kind, I don't .nil ud If ,1 do. 'I Ihe best man in the .-.'how in my time was a Mr. SVanley. He joined us to liilay ilhe ' lea'il'ing' business, about six month's afore I loft. A line, 'aniK- ionie, h'inteilee'tuai-limkln' man he was, a-bout rid yi'.tt's of '.ige, iiiid you could see a't a glance he was a gciiPuian. Where he came from no one knowed ; ami ;in la was very reserved, lie kept it to hissselt'. 1 don't profess ? to be much of a ''cricket,' but to my .mind ho was a splendid hae'tor— a 'ead and i-ilioulili-U'i above Fogg's Wt— introducln' little quiet ua'tufal touchy that was -iuite thru wed away on the ' Jossers' in front. They liked 'Wood and tlhunder,' and they got.it., As for Bill Sni'ilheis, our 'eavy man, he 'ad a voice Hike a foghorn ; and when he used to shout, '11a ! ha ! be ware, or I will 'ave your be-lud !' you'd 'ave fancied he'd rili'll't the roof. That was tlhe style of a'cting that suited old Fogg. He believed in a man that seem ed' t'o be working for li!« 'wages,' aw he temned it, so you can Imagine he didn't appreciate Stanley's quiet, hart istic acting. Fogg used to stand at The 'wlugis,' and bawl out to him, 'Let 'em ..'ave it. DougUi it oft', your dhes't.' Stanley seldom took any notice, but souie'tinies he'd give old Fogg a look that -ought to 'ave withered him, If lie 'adut been ease- hardened. iS'tanley and I became very friendly; but he would 'ave nothing to say to rtie rest, 'ceiit in business. 1 used to go and smoke a pipe with him on the Sunday even'ln'is. 'A'ppy times they was, and a liberal eddlea'Uou . fo sit. and listen to h'hn. lie 'ad been all over the world ; 'aduit forgotten wot he'd seen eltJier ; 'and could spin yarns like a panorama. 'Sometimes, though, he'd sit for a long spell, smoking his pipe, aud etat'lug luto ?the fire, wil'tii « far-nway look in his eyes'— -'Hint. convinced me lie was fhlnk in' ,of some hint'ldeii'lB hi ills past life. Tiheu you couldn't get a w.ord out of him. . I des'say you 'ave noticed, guv'nor,. tlha't some ' men 'ave secre'ils be'dnd their breast bone, and keo;- Ym Dhere-^uid Stanley was one of that sort. To make a long story, trlhort, 1 gat a lvit of his 'istory from one as knowed liim ; bu't tiliat was long after he 'ad been de'a'd. I't seeniB lie 'belonged to a iMch faimi'ly^and 'ad been a oflicer In a crack Cavalry, regiment, but got jilted in uoane love afftuir, fook it to Yai't, and went the pace — gvimiVlin', -'orse racin', eteoterer— nu'tjil he ruined hisself. Then lie got dropped by h'is wealthy relation's, changed his naiine, and joined r.he 'pur- fesshuu'; but 'ow a man -of his eddica tiion and albWty ' ever canie down to a ghost show was, and is, a mystery. A.l'ter lie ''ad been almut four moni'lu-s Wi't'll us h'is 'el tli begti'h to fail, and 1 could see it, was just a breakin' up; but he miiuaged to 'ang.ou for a few weelas longer, and then— as ihe sa.V'iu' is— 'ad to ' throw up the sponge.' I sia.w tliat file end t'ouldii*t be fin- off ; but it i-U'ine sooner I'hnu 1 expirted. One niorniiu' Fogg sends for me in a 'iirry, and saj-s, ' Look 'ere, Tom, you s/lip down to S't'anley'M iligg.ins. IKs landlady's been 'ere, and says as 'ow he'll soon ibe a ' stilT-un.' If he's on ihe road to Fiddler's (freen, you'd bt'l'ler go and 'ave a look at h'.m. as you was al ways cUiH'mniy.' A tender Yai'ted man was Fogg, wWh a nice way of exprei?s in' ivisseK— 'I don't lliink. I didn't lo.se no fi'ine, you ibet ; but when 1 got .to hits lodglin's, 1 found he 'nil gone flu; journ ey we all must go sooner or later. Poor Stanley! Hh.e best friend I ever '?ad. His rich friends, wiho wouldn't look at him when lie was alive, came and took all ili'a't was left of him away -,to his 'oine in ilhe south. I believe :i.s lie'd a grand ' funeral— initic'li-'ii'ine colliu, with brass 'iind'les, and ail the rest of it. Mutfh good tlra't would do him ! Ah ! it's a rum world ! Nww, far from gCiosit Allows, lie rests in a quiet Devonshire churchyard, and, lin the words of ihe Immortal Billy, I 'ope that— ' Ait'rer life's iitil'ul fever, He sleeps well.' Fogg's show didn't seem the same aPter my dctir old p;il 'ad gone. 1 got discontented, and, to make ma't'icrs wuss, Fogg was always a-nagglu'of me. 1 bore it parienrly for anvhile. but one nliglht we got to 'igli words. One word led to auo't'lier. and Fogg so far forgot ii'isself as to let drive at me. Saw, when any man stalls to knock me ?aibout ran goin' to lie there on the spot all the rime, anil take a 'and in the gainie.' I could always 'andle my ' dooks.' so 1 gave him a couple of stingers fair on the ' boko' witli my left, tiniMied with a beautiful uppeivut wit'h my lflgh't that sent him sprawling t'lie lengllli of the show, ''and took my hook before he 'ad fi'iue to say ' good eveniu'.' Th'a't was my last meeting wi't'll old Fogg. Ailter t'liat I went slowly down the 'il'll — got from b'ad t'o wtiww— and inany''S the Time I've '1111 to 'do:--s wiit'h tlie daisiies' when I've l-een ston.v4iroke, and 'adn't ?rhe price of a bed ; but 1 always kept honest, thank Uod ! ih'ough I've often been sorely tempted. I tell you, guv'nor, when a man is down on his luck, and 'hasn't a I'lUeud in the world, he's in clined tu medi the devil more tiliau 'alf Wil.V. What aim I doing now? Wi;ll. .simie 'I'inie's 1 get odd J0I1S a« a saiiil'W'.i'li ..man, and ile'llverin' 'aiid.b'Ills.; but it's preuiotts uncei'i'aiii. and only, an.exis't. i!iice at the bust. The young 'tins al ways geW.l'he pull over tio old fellern. Wliat will -be the end V Why. a front seat in the work'uuse. I s'pose ; but I must be goin' or I'll get ' tlie key uf t'he street.' Good night, and thanks, guv'uor. 