CHILDREN'S COLUMN, OUR SEARCH FOR THE GOLDEN IDOL. A SNAP-SHOOTING ADVENTURE IN INDIA. ' V ' And what is more, I don't believe that anyone has ever seen it,' said Crippa \- ' ' conclusively. '. . '-Seen what?' asked Power, who entered ;. ? the bungalow at that moment with the ' , present writer and overboard Cripps's re mark. . . ' The diamond-eyed, pearl-toothed, ruby lipped, ani generally golden image in -' - Difar Temple,' replied Cripps. 'Boab!' was Murphy's eomment. 'It's : ' ? poetry, not fact, you're talkin'. There's .' - no such thing, and I'll prove it. Firstly, ',.-'* it's impossible, though that's no reason in these days ; secondly, it's broken to bits ; and, thirdly, it never was there at all. So now!' 'Well, my old uncle in England is an antiquarian — ;no, notrtwnfo'-quarian, Murphy —and .he offered me and my chums a hundred pounds for a picture of the image. He wants it to sustain a theory he has.' ' Well, what Cripps says certainly has altered matters,' said the volatile Irish man. .' A hundred for a picture! Aye, but who can paint it !' ' Snap-shot 1' suggested Power. ' Camera, portable ; advance, make ready, fire ; as you were] retire — just the thing !' 'Exactly,' said Murphy; 'but it's a mighty dangerous job. We'll get into trouble over it, and there's all kinds of beastly obstacles — elephants, tigers, pea cocks, wild pigs, cows, and thunderstorm?, ravines, torrents——' ' Ob, shut up, Paddy Murphy 1' cried Cripps. 'Are you game to go, Power ?' ' Certainly I am. It's a risk — it's a big risk — bat I have been told it is worth that if. ? -' 'I* what?' ' ' 'If we can cross the Ghost's Mountains,' whispered the young man. 'That's the trail. I»'s haunted by the most venomous b°BBts and the wildest of all the hill animals.' ' Can't we avoid the mountain % ' asked Murphy seriously. 'No,' replied Power, 'the path, lam told) leads up by the caves, and there we Bhall have to rest — if it be rest, for the holes are plugged with snakes and the rocks harbor tigers in p'aces. These hill tigers come ranging about like dogs, crying mellia — murther— in Irish, Murphy !' f Very- likely,' replied Paddy. ' I've beard the same myself j I can understand it.' 'It is more than I can,' said Cripps. 11 But sharp's the word! Get the shikarees (native hunters), the porters, the grub, and let us start as soon as we can. It's worth the hundred pounds. Let us be secret, though.' This decided the question. All three were young fellows—' boys,' we should be called in England, but we considered our selves ' men' out there. Youthful, high spirited, we were engaged in survey busi ness in the plains, already becoming too hot for us, and we desired what Murphy, called ' a little cooling excitement.' In three days we were ready. We had {obtained leave, because we always took it together. ' The Chums' were well known to hunt ia leaah, and to cut off a third of our number would be about equivalent to amputating a crab's claw ; it certainly oame ngain, but burdened the surviving ones. Si we obtained the harmless but necessary leave, and started, each with his bearer or attendant, bis hunter, baggage-animals, tentf, and ammunition, &c.;, bcffling all close enquiries. Behold us three, fully equipped with smooth-bore rifles, knives, and a revolver. There was something rather brigandish in our appearance ([ Bay 'our appearance' because I was one of the Chums — which of them I will not state). We wore wide hats with the pugaree, were dressed in light jackets, shirts, and trousers; in fact, presented something of a sailor-like look in contrast to the natives in white garments and turbans. 'Now mind,' said Oripps, 'no non sense, boys. We are setting out upon a really dangerous expedition, and no one fully knows our aim and destination. Thus we ran risk?, you see.' 'Certainly,' replied the others. 'No expedition h any good without risk. But, all the same, Crippp, old fellow, we shall win your antediluvian — I '-ean antiquarian — -unolo'a money,' concluded Murphy. V More power tp km I' ' I hope so,' added Power. ' I'm ready to do anything.' In this frame of mind we started. The shikarees kept a good look-out as we tra versed the jungles. We did not travel during the heat of the day, but in the morning and evening. We passed through some villages, and received the compli ments of the chief men, whose photographs we ' snapped,' and killed specimens of game to keep up appearances ; but our true obj ct was the golden idol — this was our secret. Even the faithful shikarees began to speculate upon our destination when we quitted the jangle-country and made for the notorious hill, which, to save incon venience and unpleasant enquiry, I have called Ghost's Mountain. Here our trials would begin. In camp, on the slope of this hill, we discussed the situation. ' Thus far,' said Cripps, the nominal leader, ' we have marched without impedi ment. Now, brave Chums, cast all frivolity aside and quit you like men, because the tug commences here. We ascend as early in the morning as possible, for, between ourselves, little Teddy Tomson, of the MaJiratta Mail, i6 particularly anxious to join us here and be our ' special reporter.' This won't do, Chums.' 'Certainly not,' we said, and having arranged matters we slept. But very early in the morning we were aroused by a new arrival, and Tomson turned up. ' He will spoil all,' said Power. ' We muBt cut him dead.' ' He won't be cut,' replied Murphy. ' He is as as thick-skinned as a rhinoceros. Little beast !' ' Suppose we send him in front, and lose him,' said Cripps. ' No,' said Murphy, ' we'll drop him ; leave him to me 1' When Tomson joined the party he was fall of excitement. ' Ab,' he cried, ' caught you up, you see 1 Beady to ascend ? Queer place this Ghost's Mountain, isn't it ?'' 'Either,' said Murphy. 'Deadly snakes here. So look out.' 'Really A' exclaimed the little man. ' Poisonous ?' 'Awfal,' was the answer. 'Furious reptiles, which can swallow a man whole without winking !'' 'Same chanoe for all of us,' Bald Tomson, ' Come along 1' ' We are not going your way,' said Murphy, quietly. 'Mind the dnakes up there, and- — ?— ?' But the sentence remained incomplete. Murphy, who was seated in the tent with us, suddenly turned deadly white. He had been hoaxing the poor little journalist, but now he himself was terrified. Tomson was standing at the opening of the tent looking in. Behind him rose a tree of stunted mountain growth, and from ifcs branches swung a deadly hooded snakp, swaying, ready to strike ; while poor Teddy, per fectly unconscious of his imminent danger, chatted on, pushing into our conversation and plans. Murphy reached his hand for his re volver, and without speaking cocked it. We couldn't see the snake, but we noticed Murphy's face and were puzzled. With stealthy swiftness he levelled, ami shouted toTomscn — ' Lie down, or you are a dead man I Q-i\ck, I tell you I' Murpby was mad ! We guessed so much at once and darted upon him. He pulled the trigger as we both rosp, and Thomson fell flat with a scream of terror and agony. ' Mad man ! murderer 1' we shouted as we thvew ourselves upon the Irishman and called for assistarce. Murphy made no resistance. We wrestled the revolver from his grasp and laid him on the floor beside the journalist. The attendants rushed in and stood anmsd. ' Qaick, Ali ! Butyi, bind the sahib ' Murphee.' He is mad J Hold him. What did you shoot him for ? He's dead ! Paddy, you've done it this time, too much.' ' I've not finished yet,' gasped Paddy. ' Bat if you two will let me get up I will. Mind yourselves ; he's dangerous.' ' Who dangerous — what's dangerous?' Murphy was exhausted and panting for breath, but seemed mentally sound. At that moment TomBon rose up. ' The villain 1' he cried. ' He missed me, luckily ; but I'll carry you back, my roy, and have you punished for the a1 tempt— a mean, low, American bravo hick ! ' 11 You're an bbs !' was Murphy's cool reply. 'Look behind yon, ypu 'Judy 'Mind your genders, Paddy,' exclaimed Power; rising and releasing his chum. ' I say, Cripps, Tomson, Ali, look there !' Just under the tent cloth, in the grass, was the writhing body of the dying snake. The animal was vaiuly endeavouring to reach its intended victim, but its back was broken, and its efforts were in vain, ending only in exhaustion, and failure, and death. The snake was quickly dispatched, and the tide of feeling at once turned. Murphy became a hero — a very modest one, too. But when- we again proceeded on our way Tomson was not of the party. He had a tale to tell, 0 ! and waa satisfied with his experience of the Ghost's Mountain. But our true 'dangers were only com mencing. We kept advancing upward upon the dizzy mountain-path — a doep precipice on one side, the rock on the other. Crippa, rifle in hand, was bravely leading, followed cldsely by his servant and our selves, when, towards evening, we came in view of some rocks 'jumbled' np by Nature, and forming a cave-shelter. ' There is our resting-place. Come on,' cried Cripps. 'Eh?' he asked; 'what are you grumbling at, AH ?' 'Didn't gumblo, sahib. Siy nothing, too little wind, gamble.' ' Someone did, then,' said Cripps, as he proceeded cautiously to cross a fissure in the path where the road had been roughly mended. But scarcely had he set his foot upon the wood when the head of an immense tiger peered round the rock against which his hand was resting for support. Th6re they stood, the invaders and in vaded, face to face. A pair of cub3 were visible in the gloom of the cave. Cripps wag so surprised that he did not stir. The attendant, absolutely unarmed, was paralysed as he stood, and the tiger advanced, almost imperceptibly, in the fearful silence. Cripps recognised the matter as one of life and death. In a moment he levelled his rifla j but Murphy and Power behind him were even quicker, being more distant from harm. With wondeiful coolness they bade the attendants lie down, and then fired over their prostrate bodies at the rather dilatory tiger. The animal bounded forward, passing Cripps — who had flung himself fl.it — and seized the Hindoo in its spring. But the impetus was too much. He fell over the precipice as the wooden trap which formed the mended path gave way beneath his weight ; and tiger and native bounded into space, dead ere they reached the bottom of the pas?, crashing into the silence of the dreaded nullah ! There we stood — a gulf between us, a deep chasm cutting us and the other atten dants from Cripps and the cubs. If the tigress should appear the fate of our Chum was sealed. So we made a heroic effort, and leaping over the chasm joined Cripps, who had now recovered himself. In the cave we found the tigress dead, her oubs seated by her, vainly endeavoring to revive her. How she had met her doom we could not ascertain, as we found no wound, but she had been dead many hours, and we did not examine closely. ' Woll, boys,' cried Murphy, ' here's a snap-shot with a vengeance. Take the group, Power, and keep the cubs. We can send the men back with them to morrow.' ' And about ourselves ?' asked Cripps. 'Had we not better descend and report Baghs the bearer's death 1 We ought to find him. The fellows don't like going on — see.' In fact, our coolies were calmly descend ing the path, unheeding the threats of the shikarees. ' There goes our dinner I' exclaimed Cripps. ' I'm off at once.' ' I'm going after dinner,' said Murphy. ' Wait a minute till we pack up tho oubs.' 'Let us hang those fellows,' said Power. ' They are leaving us to starve. Come along; it will be dark in ten minutes.' We all hurried down, and overtook our men after a ohaso in the dark. But nothing would induce them to ascend again. S - we returned without 'shooting the idol,' as we had hoped. But we managed to do so on a subspquent occasion, and we gained the hundred pounds, in exohange for which we sent uncle the cubs, which he placed in the Zoo. So ended the first expedition in search of the golden idol, and I tbink it gave us a good 'start,' anyway. What say you ? — Chums. ? 