"HAI?LET" THROUGH INDIAN SPECTACLES. A CORRESPONDENT writes from Nagpur, Central Provinces, to the London Daily .ewas:--"I was tempted, by hearing that it was positively the lst performance, to go and see 'Hamlet,' in Marathi, .in the city. It began at 10 p.m. and lasted till 2.15 a.m., and we were so fascinated that we stayed till the end. It was a very close translation of the dialogue, .but with native names and native dresses, and it was very curious to. see how the play (laid in a more primitive state of society than exists anywhere now in Europe) adapted itself to Indian ideas. The King was the Jiaja Sahib, the the Queen the Rani, Hamlet the young Prince Chaudrasena, Po lonius was an old pundit, Ro sencratz and Guildenstern native couriers, and the players a strolling company, armed with native musical' instruments; such as one often comes across. The Ghost, of Course, was quite in accordance with native ideas; the prayer scene was easily adapted by omitting the usual chapel or oratory and making the prayer one to a vague deity; and the only. material alteration made ?in the story was that Ophelia was burnt instead of being buried, a change that necessitated considerable modification of the'grave digger scene. The acting wa capital, and there were really very few things that made one smile when one wan not meant to do so. An irrepressible smile was, however, provoked when Hamlet, exclaiming, 'Look here upon this picture, and on this ?' produced from his pocket a photograph of his deceased parent." The Jews at last have their revenge on Babylon. Nearly 2500 years ago Babylon took the whole nation into captivity, but two Jews of Bagdad have now bought all that is left of Babylon. The Jew may be conquered in war and enslaved, but give him a chance to trade and time enough, and he will own his owners. A large house in the eours, of construotion at the corner of the Uhlenat Uhlenhurstarweg and the Papenhuderstrasee, Hamburg, end denly uollnpsed, burying many of the work men under the bring, maeyon dead and w severely wouuded have been taken out, but. others are missing. 