THE FLIGHT INTO EGYPT. By Fatheii Pkotjt (FkancisMahony). Thkue's a legend that's told of a gipsy who dwelt In the land where the pyramids be, And her robe was embroidered with stars and her belt ° With devices right wondrous to see ! And she lived in the days when Our Lord was a cnuu On His mother's Immaculate breast ; When He fled from His foes— when to Egypt exiled He went down with St. Joseph the blest. This Egyptian held converse with magic, methinks, , And the future was given to her gaze, For an obelisk marked her abode, and a sphinx On her threshold keeps vigil always. She was pensive and ever alone, nor was seen In the naunta of the dissolute crowd. But communed with the ghosts of the Pharos, I ween, Or with visitors wrapped in a shroud, And there came an old man from the desert one day, With a maid on a mule, by that road ; And the child on her bosom reclined, and the way Led them straight to the gipsy's abode, And they seemed to have travelled a wearisome path, From their home many, many a league— From a tyrant's pursuit, from an enemy's wrath, Spent with toil and o'ercome with fatigue. And the gipsy came forth from her dwelling and prayed That the pilgrims would rest there awhile ! And she offered her couch to that delicate maid Who had come many, many a mile ; And she fondled the Babe with affection's caress, And she begged the old man would repose ; 'Here the stranger,' she said, ' ever finds free access, And the wanderer balm for his woes.' Then her guests from the glare of the noonday she led— To a seat in her grotto so cool ! Where she spread them a banquet of fruit£— and a shed — ? ? . . . \ With a manger was found for the mule With the wine of the palm tree, with the dates newly, culled. All the toils of the road she beguiled ; And with song in a language mysterious she lulled On her bosom the wayfaring Child. When the gipsy anon in her Ethiop hand -pionori flin Tii^nnf e riimimit-.ivfi niilm. Oh, 'twas fearful to see how the features she r scanned ,; Of the Babe in His slumbers so calm ! . j Well she noted each hand, each furrow she crossed ^ O'er the tracings of destiny's line ; ^ j ' Whence came ye ?' she cried, in astonishment ! lost ; £ ' For this child is op lineage Divine !' Mj 'From the village of Nazareth,' Joseph replied, ; ' Where we dwelt in the hind of the Jew ; ^ We have fled from a tyrant, whose garment is dyed ; In the gore of the children he slew ; j We were told to remain till an angel's command * Should appoint us the hour to return ; But till then we inhabit the foreigners' land, ?; And in Egypt we make our sojourn.' j 'Then ye tarry withme,' cried the gipsy in joy, ; ' And ye make of my dwelling your home ; * Many years have I prayed that the Israelite Boy j (Blessed hope of the Gentiles !) would come,' $ And she kissed both the feet of the Infant, and | knelt 1 And adored Him at once ; then a smile j Lit the ftice of His mother, who cheerfully dwelt A With her host on the banks of the Nile. | 