It In now an open secret Hint efforts aro lielng mndo to brintr itbout a nieot- Ing boUvoen tlio two IIoiihos of the Log- islnluro, und, to quote the Itoniun, tlioHe who 1iavo taken up the InuU do- norvo well of the State. Vorf after nil, setting apart the side Issues that have I Mien drugged Into Umj vurlous disctis- stons, tliero is really not much to l>o settled. There Is do positively burning question to be fought out. Leaving nut the Railways mid Factory Bills, it would bo alinoHt difficult to 'hit upon any definite reason for strife, nnd It seems a, pity that valuable time should lx> ivuBted and Important legislation de ferred for. want of tact aud temper on Ijoth sides. Admitted Unit honorable inctnliers of the Itlght aud Left la either IIouho arc actuated -by n sincere desire to do business ami act together for tho ultimate welfare of the community, sen sible and unprejudiced ineu nro nt a loss to undcrHtand why it is that they should to all appearances act mi if tlielr motives were all In tho opposite dlroctlon. 80 far as the outside public are concerned, they are willing to for get and forgive. Tlwy will forgot— though It-Is a largo order— all the wonls tlmt 1>avo been wasted, and forgive— tlKfUgh.it Is lYither a heavy draft on one's benevolence— all the tinie thut 1ms lfcoii thrown awny. If only a ter mination could be nrrivctl at, so that tho Government, «uid hoooratHo nicm- 1>cts genorally, may l>c nt Ulwrty to go Into recast, and, what sltould bo Its con comitant, reflection. Tho chances are, indeed, tlmt a few of tho quieter anil moropractlcal members of both Houses mtfgtit arrlvo ut a satisfactory settle ment of ithe main points at Issue in the cmrrso of an afternoon's conversa tion. "SVe 1tave no wish to find fault with tho .Victorian Constabulary. Individu ally und collectively, they aro a force of which the country has every reason to be proud. But In the direction of larrilclus nnd pushes— to use the latest euphuism— tliero has boon something very like a start-coming. For, after nil, the question is more ono of iwllco than magisterial administration. Given n thoroughly effective police force, It ought to ta an ImifossiMIHy for gangs of youths and men to lake the control lof tho stTccts into their own lmnds ami lender them a nuisance 1o tho citizens by day and a terror by night. It Is lillo tosay that such things occur In all great cities. They do, but they do not rise like ghosts nnd jostle us at our feasts, or wander unchecked about our best thoroughfares. The London rough, the American hoodlum, the Parisian bully, have their haunta, and the ordi nary citizen avoids them. But the suburban larrikin, the "King of tho push," 1ms but little respect for 1lmo or place. And, all the while he Is not so ditbcult to deal with. It wauls but a little organisation, and tho snake would soon ta scotched. More than oijco we have ludlcated tho direction In which un Improvement might be made in the present methods of dealing with llicso nuisances without hurasaiug the men engaged on ordinary duty. There should be nt head-quarters a certain "numbor of xneu is reserve, who, at a moment's notice, could turn out und proceed to any »pot where their sor- vices might be required. Any constablo on street duty could-or ought to bo r able to— form an Idea of when a push was likely to be In evidence, and a message from him ought to bring upon the spot a force miflldcnt, not only i» deal with the offenders, but to arrest the ringleaders. Should tho magis trates then fall In their duty, the pub- lie will know whom to blame. At pre sent, It bluinea the police, and properly Usually larrikin troubles come on slowly, and ore nt tta outset confined to one, or at most two, nights per wtn-k lu one locality. Hence, with a Utile energy ami a Utile 1 bought, they can easily ho dealt with. It may, wo think, bo laid down a« certain that when, af ter one, or nt most two oulhreaks, inrrlkinlsin still makes Itself felt In a illKlrlel, It is a reflection, not only on the local police, but on the superin tending officers, who, being warned as to what was going on, should, If they did their duty, have successfully grap pled with the evil. The fact that they have not done ho shows conclusively that they tire iw>HH for their posit lona. They have failed lo give the by 110 means difficult problem of dealing with these "pushes" the attention which tho public 1ms a right to expect from Its police protectors. The one State department In conectlon with which hide-bound routine nnd red- tape- ism must occasionally be cast aside lu favor of prompt, but carefully- consider- ed, action Is that of the police. Yet It secmsdinicult to Impress upon the high er officers of the force that they occupy any different position from that of other civil servants who never need go out side the ordinary dally routine In tho discharge of their duties. Perhaps a hint from the Ohlef Secretary us to what Is expected 'from the officers of u live police force, when called upon io cope with active larrikluistn lu ituy dis trict, would not be nutiss. The report of the Grand Secretary of the Independent Order of Oddfellows is on the wholo satisfactory reading. Doubtless, the momlterslilp of n Friend ly Society does "How and ebb with tho regularity of the tide, us eithcr.gbod or had times prevail." Society at large, friendly or the reverse, has very, much the same habit. In the same way, there are many "debit balances which hnvo been either wiped out or materially de creased," and, 110 doubt, tho Grand Lodge of the I.O.O.F. will aeo tho ml- vantage of "extending tlmt leniency to branches Inurrcurs" which, In so inuny lustnnces, tins Imcn oxtended to short- comers outsido the pale. The com ments on the sickness rate for the year are not quite so satisfactory. As a mat ter of statistical fact, tho averago health of the general imputation for tho year has Iteen fairly good, and, ns the Grand Secretary somcwimt iKithetically puts It, there Is an aspect of strange- ness in tho fact that the health of Friendly Societies should apparently "he so tad." After all human nature has Us weaknesses, and there can l>o no doubt that medical men associated with Friendly Societies come into contact with a good many of them. Insurance companies find tlmt when tluics are kid llrcs nro more thnn usually fre quent. In like manner, It would appear as If when work Is not easy to obtain men have more Urae to make them selves 111, or from some other cause, find It necessary to go on the sick list, with Its weekly allowance, much more frequently than they do 'wheu work Is plentiful. It Is a tendency wlrich stauld bo check ed by every legitimate means, and Friendly Societies' secretaries do well to draw pointed attention lo it Apropos of the medical nsjiect of the question, tta report under notice makes a suggestion well worthy of considera tion. The Society, It appears, is not quite satisfied with the "baplmzanl sys tem" at. present In vogue wltii regurd to specialists. There are unpleasant fea tures In connection with It, und, u« u result, there Ims been friction. Now, the present Is, emphatically, an age of hjmv ciuJlsm'. The dentist, the oculist, has be come as much of a domestic institution as tho doctor. Tim man who has mude the throat, the heart, or any other or gan Ills specln! study stands almost apart from the general practitioner of tbo old school. It Is, perhaps, totlm ad vantage of a patient that ho dims so. Rightly or wrongly, the man who feels something wrong in any particular >o'r- tion of hla anatomy also feels cousolcd when be has obtained an opinion from ono to whom the secrets of that organ aro metaphorically nu open liook. The member of a Friendly Society Is but as other men, ami the adoption of any sys tem which would place tho services of a specialist at 1>I« disposal without, any great addition to tho yearly fees to ta paid Is to him a question of moment. And while on tho subject of specialism, another question suggests Itself. Why tho very high poreiurtage of deaths duo to pulmonary discuses? Are the clima tic Influences of the country changing, arc the symptoms lu their early appear ance misunderstood, or are the cases reported purely those of heredity, oc curring, as moat of them do, among na tives of tho colony? 