SOME ENGLISH GHOSTS. Although little more than a century has elapsed since Dr Johnson died, the astounding strides made in the sciences of enlightening the ignorant and refining the unrefined during that period do not seem to have nullified to an appreciable degree the best part of his dictum to the effect that "All argument is against the appearance to the living of the spirits of the dead; all belief is for it." No doubt during these hundred and odd years a great many time-honored ghosts have been hunted from their "haunts by the prosaic influences of moddern life and the unsparing broom of Y practical common sense; no doubt there are fewer educated people who believe in ghosts than when London crowded to Cook Lane one hundred and thirty years ago: no doubt the village Hampden is prompter nowadays to tackle mysterious nocturnal visitors than of yore. Yet he who wanders through rural England-preferably on foot, for he is then enabled to penetrate bye-ways and sequestered nooks and corners not attainable on wheels-cannot fail to be impressed by the sturdy vitality of so many old ghosts. As a rule he does not meet men who have actually seen ghosts, for a sneaking sort of self-respect seems to stop Hodge's admission of the fact; but he meets many men who know men who have seen ghosts, and multitudes who have heard that a ghost is to be seen at such and such a place, and who will not commit themselves to a denial of ts existence. As for the prejudice against lonely places on dark nights, it it is not merely general but unlvesal, just as the profession of disbelief in ghosts amongst educated people is universal. No one district in England seems to be particularly patronised by ghosts. although naturally one meets them more It frequently in counties which are of lonely and romantic character, or which possess romantic histories, than within the metropolitan area. Ghost hunting may be accounted an idle and unworthy pursuit, yet it is not altogether unprofitable, as ghost legends are not infrequently the channels through which historical facts have been passed down to us which would otherwise have been lost, and, more is over, are illustrative of the fact that the auri sacra fames has not quite knocked all sentiment and imagination out of the English people. Well, there is at any rate one ghost to in London, for the first Lord Holland it is said to walk the Sir Joshua Froom in Holland House with his head in his hand a very fashionable ghostly proceeding on certain nights of the year; and it is a known fact that there are many houses which have never been let, never are let, and never will be let, for any length of time on account of uncanny traditions associated with at them. The people who take these houses is are ready enough to stay, but no servants will stay, and so they are driven elsewhere. We may be pretty sure that there are not many people in modern suburbanised Kingston who believe in the time hallowed tradition that on All Souls Night the dead walk on Kingston Bridge; but no stranger to Epsom was to ever shown Pit Place by a native with Sout being told the "Wicked" Lord Lyttleton's ghost story-the white bird which fluttered at his window on the night of 24th November, 1779, changing into a white-robed woman, who approached the foot of his bed and told him that he would be dead in three days, A which actually happened. Sussex, which of all the home counties has retained its old characteristics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little-visited district, which was once the centre of England's iron Industry. There is old Oxenbridge of Brede Place. There is the headless man of St. Leonard's Forest, as known as Squire Paulett, who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman enter to Ing the forest, and remains there until clear of it. There is the Drummer of Hurstmonceaux. Black dogs-a favourites shape assumed by ghosts all over England-haunt all dark lanes and lone by-roads, and under many a sequestered wooden bridge a headless woman may be seen spinning; whilst on the old cattle- road between Kingston, near so Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way, a goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night, incessantly spinning charcoal! The same species of "general" ghosts as they may be called, is recorded by Mr. Rye, the Norfolk topographer, to be strongly developled in his county. There is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shrieking among the pits on Ayl merton Heath. There is the great black "Shuck Dog"-the word "Shuck" said to mean the devil-who at Coltishall Bridge is headless, and at Salhouse has a blazing eye In the centre of his forehead, and who has a brother at Peel Castle in the Isle of Man, the spirit of a murdered prisoner, known as the Mauthe Dog. But the historical ghosts are more interesting objects of study. it In the same county of Norfolk, says IMr Rye, young Lord Dacre. who was mur dered In 1565 by his guardian, Sir Richard Fulmerston, who arranged that a rocking-horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of course) rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenue of Blickling Park, once a year, in a hearse-like coach, drawn by four headless horses, and driven by a head less driver, with her head in her lap; and her father, Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there is another coach and headless team, and. yet another near Great Melton. This last rises from a pool every mid-day and midnight. and with its load of four headless, dripping, white-robed ladies, passes slowly round the field and sinks e again: and tradition says that at this spot. long ago, a bridal party were up set into this pool. and never seen again. Then there is the Gray Lady of Raln ham --not to be confounded with the Brown Lady of Rainham in Durham who represents Laly Dorothy Walpole, a forced, it is said, to marry Lord Towns f end in 1713: and the ghost of one Lush. who committed suicide and was buried near Redenhali: and many others. 1 A firmly believed in coach-ghost is that of Lady Hoiard, daughter and heiress of Sir John-Fitz of Fitzford. in Devonshire, about 1600;who, Mr Baring t Gould says, travels nightly from Oke hampton Castle to Fitzford Gate. Tavis Stock,, in a coach of bones, preceded by a phantom dog. The Devonshire folk believe this to be the subject .of the I e quaint, weird ballad of "My Ladye's Coach." which opens: M y Ladye hath a sable coach, And horses twO alld four: My Ladye hath a gaunt bloodhound. That runneth oli before. SMy Ladye's coach hath nodding plumes, The driver hath no head; My Lady is as ashen white SAs one that long is dead. I But, as jIr Baring-Gould says in his Introduction to the "Songs of the West," the Lady of the ballad, no doubt, per I sonifies Death. Gabriel Craddock Is a well known Essex ghost.. He was famous in the middle of the last century as Jerry Lynch, the highwayman, who with the proceeds'of his exploits built Lapwater Hall, near Leigh. so called because, upon the application of the workmen Sfor drink,-he bid them 'lap water." He was run to earth in.hls new house, wounded, ansi.drowned in the pond to which he had directed the thirsty work men's attention, and he Is still believed to be seen on wild nights, bandy-legged., and mounted on an earless mare; fleelng : from his pursuers as they came from Sheffield. Ingrave, Horndon, Laindon, and Pltsea. Mannington Hall, the residence of the Walpoles. Earls of Orford. has Its ghostly associations. Horatio. second earl. removed all the tombstones of the Scalmers, the former possessors of the Hall, from WIckmere Church. and one of the buried ladies is still believed to walk round the churchyard. To atone for the sacrilege, every Earl of Orford I at his burial was driven in his hearse three times round ruined Wickmere Church before being finally laid to rest. Very well knowni is the stile at r Littlecote. near MIarlborough. on the old Bath road, whereat Wild Darrell, the principal in the terribly weird tragedy at Littlecote Haill. Is still believed to be seen. followed by his howling hounds, as on the day when he met his death here-riding madly along, reck less in his conscious torture, and con fronted by the apparition of a babe w burning in a flame. t All the unhapipy ladies of iistory "walk :" Ann of Cleves paces up and down the gallery bearing her nzme in Hlever Castle: Fair Rosamond walks on t the river-bank a. Godstow; Am)y R.b- e sart on the silt or Cumnr; MaryQueen 0 of Scots, at FotherinThay. We have noted Anne Boleyi's , procedure at Blickling. Canterbury' Kings School boys faithfully believe, until they at tain age of absolute wisdom when no creeds'are. tolerated except that in self, that the unfortunate Nell Cook. famous in the Ingoldsby legend, haunts the Dark Entry every Friday night. At Apethorpe, the Earl of W'estmoreland's seat in Northamptonshire, Lady Grace, wife of the first earl, walks in a corri dor. scattering silver pennies as she goes; hut the pennies are air, and woe to him who tries to test their solidity- so say, and probably believe, the good folk around. In the romantic .North Country these poor dames abound. There is the Brown Lady of Rainham--tately In coif and rich brocade but eyeless.There is "Silky" of Denton Hall, near New castle, in a flowered, long-waisted satin gown and a satin hoodd There is the W,'hite Lady of Sklpsea Castle; Lady Derwentwater of Dilston Castle; the Gray Woman of Willington; MIeg of Mieldon in a broad hat; the White Lady Blenkinsop. who still walls over a cheat of gold, the cause of all the onhaPP1° ness of her married life, cu mut alsto. The famous Cauld Lad of Hyl ton, on the river Wears was only "laid" during the last century, but his wall, "I'm cauld! r'm cauld !" has been sworn to as heard at a much later date. He was not quite a stock ghost of the silent, gliding type. hut was more of a brownie or pixie, working hard in the kitchen during the night if the maids were sluggards-very lmuch contrary to the usual rule of his kind. The Gray Snan of Bellister is another well-known North Country ghost. His original was a wandering minstrel who called at the Castle. which is near Haltwhistle, on the South Tyne, was admitted, and pleased the Dle:lkln sop owner for a time, until he got sus piconos that the poor old gray-clad sing r wains a spy from a neighbor baron with whom he was at feud. The maf-' strel got wind when he was susperte, ani st,le away. Dlenkin"oP sent blood hounds after hln, and he was torn t pickes. As this happened in 1470, and tile ;ray flan is still spoken of in a nd! trict by no means behind the age In re itlement, intelligence and education. who dare hope that argument can eaer overthrow superstition? Corby Castle, near Carlisle. has been modernised, hot li it waitnscoted, taplestried "'Ghost PEoom" the Radiant Boy still walks. At Chllingham Cestle in Northumberland there was also a radiant boy, until the skeleton of a boy fouu.d in one of the bedroom walls, not very long agO, owa buried, and then he dlsappetred a a at Coatham, in Yorkshire, popular tradi. lion speaks of a shinlingl child who van Ishes when pursued. Apropo. of ghostly children, a pretty tradition Is connectel with. a certain West Country house, to the effect that en ery cold morning is seen on the wil dcw the scribbling of little fingers, not to be effaced by any amount of rubbing. The ghost of Knaresdale Hall, near Isaltwhistle. in Northumberland, was a steady belief not very, very long ago. In this case a brother murdered an in ccnvenient sister by drovnlng he-? In a pond, and the lady revenged Iserselt by walking from the house to the pond upon every occasion that a momleor of tile family happened to be about after dark. But if one were to enumerate what may ie termed the '.i.Prlate Ghosts " of England and Wales, the walking ladies and gentlemenl. who hav ing been nobodies during their lives, are determined that something mar- than the mere epitaphs over their graves shall keep their memeorle3 green. the limits of this paper would be very far exceeded. The very noose in which the author of the paper Is writing is well known be the villagers to have a White Lady on its uppermost stair landing, a discovery which very much unhinged some American visitors, who declared ithat if hey had known t, . nothing would have induced them to sleep so soundly in rooms abuttIng on'the said landing during three months of the pre sent year. But who she was, History sayeth not. What Canon Jessopp says about his owln country of Norfolk is true else where: "if the Norfolk peasant's mind be net'r so-ullthe old trialtbs, hand ed down from ages past,'ome In to help him. He thinks It wootld be im pious to doubt that disembodied spirits still hover about the scenes of their earthly pilgrimage." So the Lincoln shire folk say that not' only does Here ward the Wake still, on wild nights, ride furiously along the road from Bourne to Peterborougk, but that he haunts the site of his old home close to the Well Head in the town of -Bourne. So they believe that Thorpe Haill, near Louth, the ghost of the Spanish lady who fell in love with Sir John Bolles, as commemorated in the old ballad, which commences: Will you hear a Spanish lady,o How shee wooed an English man? Garments gay and rich as may be, Decked with Jewels shee had on knoown from her dress as the Green Lady) still haunts the particular tree near the mansion. Now and then--not often-ghostly ap pesrances or sounds are explained to the peasant's satisfaction. Thus, in the county of Durham, "Gabriel's Hounds' were for long, long years believed to shriek and howl through the air .s-dark nights, and to forebode death to him who heard and saw them. But prosaic modern research has proved them to be nothing but flocks of wild geese migrat ing southward on the approach of win ter, and choosing dark nights for their journeys. Similarly, the ghost of Irby dale, in the Lincol-.-hire Wolds, a gob ln who terrified travellers at right with Its heartrending cries, and who Is said to be a witchs who had been worried to death by dogs in a long past age, haa been shown io be nothing but an os-. on the other hand, no true Cornlshman will ever be Indtteed to reliiquish the be lief that the spirit of King Arthur still haunts the ruins of Tintag? in the shape of a white chough; andtissured ly the many English families who pos 0ess a white bird of omen, sunh as that wheih MrJohn Oxenham saw In West s-ard Ho! cling firmly to the tradition, if not to the belief in It. -" And so, ghosts or no ghosts, the po aition is just the same at the end of the 1 nineteenth century as at the end of he 'g'hteenth - all argument is against them, and if all belief is not for them, a very great deal more Is thanpeopl1 like to acknowledge. 