A BRILLIANT IRISH - CATHOLIC AUTHORESS. Rosa Mulholland. Two women whose names are written large in general .literature, but who are especially dear to Catholics for much special service to the faith, owe the first fostering of their gifts to Charles Dickens One of these was Adelaide Proctor, the poet; the other, discovered in his later days, Rosa Mulholland (now Mrs. John Gilbert, the novelist. She was but a novice in her art when Dickens invited her to become a contributor to his magazine, " All the year round." She profited greatly by the encouragement and example of her master, although there is ho trace of his influence in her literary work. Two of her loveliest stories, " Hester's history," and "The wicked woods of Tobereevil," were written at Dickens' own suggestion. The latter especially, and another of equally curiosity-exciting nhme, " The wild birds of Killeevy," are exquisite romances, and who can speak too highly of the "Haunted organist of Hurly Burly"; "The ghost of Wildwood chase," and " A strange love story"? Miss Mnlholland's stories are set against a great variety of backgrounds ; but no where is her descriptive gift so exquisite as in her pen-pictures of Irish scenery. The land where April smiles and tears, and freshness and verdure are all perennial, haB seldom been pictured by so loving and faithful a hand. Nor is our novelist cold to the long and unrequited passion of her native land for freedom. One of the strongest and best of her later stories is " Marcella Grace," a story of modern Irish nationalism. We question if there is in modern fiction a more dramatic chapter than that in which Marcella, who has fore sworn herself to save her lover, retracts by his command her false testimony, although both believe that she is thus pulling down the last barrier between him and the scaf fold. A still later, and very beautiful, story of Irish life by the same author is " Banshee Castle," and her latest collection of short stories, which contains some excel lent idylls of Irish peasant life, is " Mari goid." Other books of Miss Mulholland are " The late Miss Hollingford," " A fair emi grant," "The squire's grand- daughters," besides these juveniles :—"The mystery of hall-in-tbe-wood," " Four little mischiefs," "Hetty Gray," "Giannetta," "The little flower seekers," " Puck and Blossom," " Five little farmers," " The walking trees." Her distinctly religious books include:— " The story of Jesus simply told for the young," " Holy childhood," " Spiritual counsels for the young," and "The first Christmas." Miss Mulholland has written many beautiful poems. A collection of these was published about ten years ago, with the modest title " Vagrant verses." At least one of these, " Failure," is known wherever the English language is read, and with another not less beautiful, "Sister Mary of the love of God," warmly praised by Edmund Clarence Stedman, is included in Mr. Stedman's latest volume. Miss Mulholland is married to the well known historical writer, John T. Gilbert, LL.D. They live in a charming little villa just outside of Dublin. Her elder sister is Lady Bussell, wife of Lord Russell, of Killowen, Lord Chief Justice of England. Her younger sister, Clara Mulholland, is an author. of growing fame. Her brother, William Mulholland, Q.C., is an eminent member of the English bar. Mrs. Gilbert, or Rosa Mulholland, as she will ever be remembered by her host of readers, is a woman of singular charm of person and manner, whose simplicity and modesty have never been marred by the love and fame which came to her in overflowing measure far earlier than t<» most of the successful women of the pen. 