CHRISTIM ENDEAYOUR UNION. SIXTH ANNUAL CONVENTION. Thesixth annual conventionoftkeSouth Aus tralian Christian Endeavour Union was begun ou Friday. Tho busiucss meeting was hold on Friday evening in tho Franklin-street Biblo Christian Church. Tbo retiring President,' the Rev. E. II. Ellis, presided over a good attendance. - Tho sixth annual report, road by the General Secretary, Mr. H. H. McKf.chme, contained the following:— For the tire*, time since the formation of our Union we are not u l-lc to nnnouncu nn increase of members in our colony. During tho year almost every Society lias Miltervtl muiv or ]u.-t» by ix-niovals to Western AtibtralL-u One Society alone reports over ttrcnty members gone to the West.: Wbcu vc say West 01 u Australia has benefited by uur loss in this way to tho extent of over 1,000 Endeavourcrs wn aro within the . mark. Membership at the close of each year:— 1S91, 33 Societies, M0 tucmucij; 1S93, 125 Jiocictic*, 3,n)0 memUers; i!rJ3. ;.*itt Societies, 0,500 members; 1S91, 3ii Societio, C',050 members; lsOS, Ji7 Societies, 11,90) numbers and 1S00, JIU Societies, 11,721 members ; nu iucrtase of ti Societies and a decrwuc of 194 nicuibcrd. We arc clad to call yourattcution to the growth of our .Tnnlor Societies, which h-ivc increased since our last ConTcntion from 53 Societies nmtl,-Jri3nieinU:r5t(i7JS;.-cioti- rs, wiihl,ST3mcial)Crs. Our .Mi&Monary; Su-ierintcndant )ms nmdo u npecial clfort durin-; tho year ro «j-rcail in:crc!-t in nm sioiw.r-- work, \\-Uiting aud Utk.ng iiuinv missionary niec-Lincsin aud ground tbacity. A large amount of liibuonary literatn.c uas been distributed. Mis sionary Superintendents haveal?n been appointed in mnny District Unions, and havo warKed succcjufullr. A largo - uuni'icr «f candidate* liavo offereil tliemsclres tbU year /-r the foreign ticlds, and m-vml luivo jroue nut. Scarcely ;t Christian Lndeavonr Society is now nilliout. its -Ii«-'onnry Coiuraittee. Several Societies ara (-uppo-tia^ uative trnchcr3, and $3 Societies hard raised tbu sum of ^iu9 for tlHr dcnomiuational missions. Whilst the interest i:i Foreign .Mivionx hug been .no greatly awakened, lluinu Missions liavo nLtn received soino amonnt of attention, and a number of ??ociutic-s bavo tikca up work very rnergeticallv on their Inibalf, and flvu Kn deivourcrshaTO'tarteil ktbouras lloueMiislonarius. Iu the foruwtion of Senior Societies 'we Iiave not insde the prosro-!S th-itn-as ntouu time Anticipated, whilst the tr.-orc]-ortod last year have beeudoin^es celleot work. Only one newSociety has been formed during tha year. Ttte efforts --( .ijy Oisiricl Cnioni have proved very vjUunble. Some of tbo raliies and annualcatberinss have been marked ior their deep spiritual toue, aud tin interesting and instructive papei a and addrwjCH hC4rd at suino luivo been most encourapn? and helpful. Tho lucfulnuss which it ivcs beliovod tbcw JMs'.rict Unions would promote is apparent to those nho have bad the privilege of atteaiiiti' some »l them meeting*. One new Dis trict Union has been formed, making the total number at present twenty-Sve. Each year adds to the uned-ines* --f our intercolonial paper, tho Golden Link, as a mean* of education and help to our Societies Tho South Australian minasem-nt liaa daring the year been under the caro of Mr. Alesauder Gordon; who has been untiring in his efforts to make it a succea. Dr. ITarpcr's scheme of Bible study, ro commended by the Austialaitian Council and Adopted i»y our Cnion, has been in tho bands of Mr. E J. -tuckoy daring tho year. The number f those who habitually use It shows a sli;ht, iui (?rovL-mrnt, having increased lroni 230 to 3M. Tliti Executive Co'umittce hive sought at alltime» to advance tbo interests of Christian Endeavour in tlie colony. Wo. havo found it nei-es*iry to dmw the attention of Sucirtics lo the foundation prin ci})le, 'Loyalty to the Church,' and to ojiptue ettoru nude by reli?ioa«. phiLinthropic, or other organizations to useihe Endeavour fjocietitfl as a lever out -ido of the Chun;ho to further their pur pose?, borrcver estiraaMotueyniay be. Wccxprc-s ourg-atiiude for the u$o of A ro«iu in tha Stow Alemorial buildings for the executive mcetinss.ond the u-e of roo us for an oificeand lUrr.itU'C-room iu Flinders-street Baptist builijingfi, which b^ve been kin liy placed at uur couveuicuvo freo of cose The Treasurers report, read by Mr. G. \V*. Summers, Btated that tho total income during tho year had bceu £512 0s. (Hd. The total expenditure had r-eon £4Si Cs.~10d., &o; that they now had cash in hand and in Bank to the amount of £27 13s. 11 Ad. The liabilities of the Society were nil. The reports were unanimouslv adopted. Tho following officers wero elected for 1S9G-7V— President, Rev. J. Barry; VicePresi dents, Rev. J. G-. ? Wright, Roy. G. Rayner; elected members, Rev. Grnnvillc Ram.-tRo, Rov. F. W. Webb, Rev. T. J. Gore, Rev. C. Trosise; Superintendents of Departments— Missionary, Miss L. A. Tilly ; literature, Miss Mead ; junior, Miss Chappie, Rev. Edwin H. Ellia; es- Presidents. Hev. S. Mead, Mr. C. J. Holder, Rev. H. T. Burgess, Rov. Edwin II. Ellis; Treasurer, Mr. G. \V. Sumiaers; Assistant Secretary, Miss Gray* General. Sec retary, Mr. H. H. McKcchnto. A very satisfactory report of tho literature department was read by the Superintendent, Miss Mead. The Cqaibman, iu cr.lling on tho new Presi dent for an address, expressed his deep pleasure that he had been able to perform the duties of tho office dcrinp the past year, which had been ono of most useful work and great spiritual improvement. Tho past year had been ono of consolidation rather than of numerical advancement. He . hoped that enthusiasm in tho Conventions' would never die out,, and that tho your upon which the Rev. Joseph Berry entered that night would be one of great spiritual blessing. Tho PntstDENT, who was received very cordially, returned thanks for tho honout that had bscn done him, and promised to do his best to ssrvo them. He would especially try to visit country Conventions. Tho present Convention . would bo tho great success thoy expected and hoped it. would bo if they could report it in tbo single sentence, ' And they wero all nllcd with the Holy Ghost— all, from the voungest recruit to the oldost voteran/' He pointed out that tho Endeavour movement was a child of Providence. . He passed quickly in review tho start and growth of Methodism, the formation of the Salvation Army, aud the . beginning and marvellous development of tho great movement begun bv Francis Clark— (chacrs)— thus' leading up to an eloquent dissertation on tho fundamental principles of the Christian Endeavour move ment, of which tho kovword, (riven by tho founder, wjs ' Coiisocnitiou.'' His concluding ?idvico to thy Society was,, 'Do uot mead your rules, but keep them.' 