Life is. London and Thereabout. (tbjou the herald.) "Westminster, April 24. It ie Mr. Chamberlain's carious bat in evitable fate that in whatever direction the Tory Cabinet may move, taking him in their company, he is faced by the ghosts of early speeches demonstrating the in iquity of the new departure. The intro duction in the House of Commons of a new bill dealing with education, agricnltnral rating, or any other subject, is the signal for fresh reference to the well-thumbed and now scarce volume containing the " authorised edition" of his speeches, pub lished in 1885. That epoch was the high water mark of his Badicalism. He had jnst delivered the remarkable series of speeches throughout the country embody ing what was known as the unauthorised programme. His platform addresses were models of successful speech, burning with p&6sion, aflame with scorn and hatred of Toryism, whether in State or Church. But the phrases were keenly, coldly cut, un blurred by haste or auger. Scathing in their denunciation, epigrammatic in their ' form, they became part of political con- ] versation, and to this day linger in the I memory. In the House of Commons, on I the platform, and in the press, good Libe- j rals attempt to confute on various points | the Secretary for the Colonies in Lord I Salisbury's third Administration. But no : one can hit the Bight Hon. Joseph Cham berlain of 1896 with such directness, force, and effect as can the " Joe Chamberlain" of 1885. The Government bill brought in this week, whereby it is proposed to relieve the agricultural ratepayer of one half hiB bur den, to be made up out of Imperial tax ation, to which the, borough ratepayer largely contributes, is fulfilment of a de sire long cherished by the Conservatives. In 1883 Lord Salisbury betrayed a hanker ing after this little arrangement, and was straightway swooped down upon by Mr. Chamberlain. " I never recollect," hetold bisconstituents at Birmingham, " any pub lic man propose in a franker—X might even say in a more audacious—manner to rob Peter in order to pay Paul." To Mr. Cham berlain of those days the case was made worse by the fact that " Peter is repre sented by the landless millions who have no other wealth than their labour and their toil, while Paul is the great landlord who is seeking to relieve himself of his share of taxation by shifting it on to the shoulders of his less famous fellow-countrymen." The relative positions of Peter and Paul to day are precisely what they were in 1883. What has changed beyond the scope of maddeBt nightmare phantasy is the posi tion of Joseph, who to-day finds himself seated at the right hand of Lord Salisbury in Cabinet Council, assisting to enact one by one the very measures which when talked of a dozen years ago filled him with righteous indignation. What is amazing is the courage with which Mr. Chamberlain faces this unpa ralleled position. He never flinches when he hears the crack of the whip of the in evitable quotation. It resounded nightly through debate on the Home Rule Bill of 1892\. It will be heard again and again in committee on the Education Bill and the Agricultural Bating Bill. Mr. Chamber lain will sit unperturbed, occasionally smil ing as if the lash were falling on somebody else's shoulders, and he from a comfortable seat in the arena were able to enjoy the j force and directness of the blows. j O i» .« H.. UUMUlit auuli'flg .OT immniir uA- ui urorly io —, ], nl|UU° the offices of Colonel North. " The Nitrate King," like other great lamas, is not easy of approach by unauthorised people. Every morning a crowd may be seen filling the onter office, even blocking up the passage, waiting to get a word with the colonel! Others, having the countersign, pass straight in and join another ever-shifting throng in the great man's private room. How amid such bustle (not to mention hos pitable provision of whisky and soda on draught from 11 o'clock) the colonel man ages to keep his head and transact the co lossal strokes of business which have built up and still maintain his fortune passes' ordinary comprehension. The roomy offices are enclosed in small rooms, something lii-o cubicles. Occasionally the colonel shuts himself up with a caller in one of these, and rapidly discussesand settles right away a business that may involve capital of hun dreds of thousands of pounds. Everything comes his way, from the Londonderry gold mine to a new nitrate field, a new tramway line in Brussels, or some other deal with that eminent commercial authority the King of the Belgians. In a few minutes Colonel North is back again in the larger office, amid the moving inob of big city men, brokers, merchants, financiers, and occasionally pillars of society from the West End, who have business with him. Colonel North is just now engaged in "a corner" in camphor, a mere interlude in larger transactions. Formosa is the conn try from which the world's stock of camphor used to be principally supplied. When the war broke ont between Japan and China the production of camphor in Formosa ceased. Japan also grows the camphor tree, but as it takes 100 years to mature it is evident rearrangement of the trade can not speedily be brought about. Some months ago, in one of those hnrried flashes of conversation at his morning levees in Gracechurch- street, some one brought the facts under the notice of the colonel. He with swift instinct beheld the pleasing prospect. He formed a little syndicate he always starts with a syndicate—and be gan to buy up all the camphor in the market. It was principally the remaining i stock of the Formosa prodnct. New sup-j plies came in from Japan, but they were not equal to the demand. The syndicate were the men in possession, and holding on tight-succeeded in a few weeks in send ing np the price of camphor 100 per cent. This episode recalls the story of the foundation of the fortunes of a gentleman once well-known in the House of Commons, still a familiar figure in London society, celebrated for his little dinners. During the American war there was sore need of quinine in the Confederate camp. The available stock had been long exhausted, and the army doctors were in despair. The Amphitryon of to-day was at that time something in a small way in the City. Hearing of the opening for quinine in the South, he chartered a swift little steamer, loaded it with the drug, shipped a ven turous crew, ran the blockade at New Or leans, and sold his quinine almost for its weight in gold. Soon after he got into Parliament, and so endeared himself to his constituency that they erected a statue to him, placing it in the principal thoroughfare of the town. Wags in the House of Commons would have it that the principal contributor to the statue fund was the hon. member himself. But they say all kinds of things in the smokeroom of the House of Commons. Certainly no one grudged the popular member the delight, another fable attributed to him, of wan dering out on moonlight nights surveying with pardonable pride his own statue. Mr. Lecky continues to be a godsend to the Parliamentary caricaturist. Before he unexpectedly appeared on the scene it had grown flat and unprofitable. Some of the old familiar models had been removed. Those still left had lost the last vestige of novelty. People were tired of Sir William Harcourtis three chins, Mr. Chamberlain's one eyeglass, and Mr. Arthur Balfour's langorous grace. Mr. Lecky is Supremely delightful. His figure, hiB walk, his ges tures, bis head too long and his trousers too short, all combine to make him pic turesque. E. T. Beedor and F. C. Gould have only to draw him as .he sit or stands, and the success of the caricature is achieved. If his personality were reproduced by the latest triumph of photographic science, the kinetoscope, the range of human de light would be infinitely wider. No artist in black and white, however skilled, could -draw the philosopher and historian as £ chanced to see him in the lobby of the House of Commons last night, giving a note in charge of the doorkeeper. The sinuous grace with which he approached j the humble official, the engaging way in which he dropped his head on one side, the wreathed smile, the almost imper ceptible yet unmistakable gesture of a curtsey as he handed over the note, might by good luck be reproduced in the kinetoscope. Otherwise not with full effect. There is probably no man who more strikingly illustrates the difference be | tween being well and ill dressed than j does the author of " Democracy and Li ! berty." His ordinary attire, with squarely cut, loosely hung coat, shapeless trousers i just covering the ankle, the clumsy boots, and the hat of shape familiar enough 10 years ago, is more or less faithfully repro duced in the caricatures of the day. Once ! this season—it was on anight he had been dining with the Speaker—I happened to meet Mr. Lecky in levee dress. Among the brilliant throng there was none more j distinguished than he. The semi-military dress excellently became his tall figure, j whilst his dome-shaped head, very like one of the busts of Shakespeare, was set off j with singular beauty. The next day he, doubtless gratefully, donned the old suit, everyone turning1 round to gaze at the strange figure as it lounged through the crowded streets with head in the clouds and feet in quite unnecessary degree in the mire. Mr. Lecky has not taken part in debate since he astonished the Conservative parly, with which he has ranged himself, by joining in demand for the release of the Fenian prisoners. But he is a constant attendant, and listens to third or fourth rate speakers with a patience that recalls the habits of Mr. Gladstone whilst he was yet with us in the Commons. , A. Sydney correspondent 'writes :—An "officer beioDgtug~uj Urn narPST uei'vice hatt -» »aaij ocucammia mireniure iu tier Ma jesty's Theatre the other evening. He was in one of the boxes with a couple of lady friends. Charmed with a certain portion of the scenery, one of the ladies directed his attention to it. From his position in the box he could not see it as well as he desired to, and therefore to get a full view he brought a great part of his body out of tbe box; but he had the misfortune to overbalance himself, and in the twinkling of an eye he plunged head first into the big drum iu the orchestra. The drummer saw him falling and grabbed him by the hair of the head, with the result, however, of only slightly breaking the fall. When the officer extricated himself from the bowels of the instrument, he demanded to know why the drummer had seized him by the hair. The latter answered the ques tion, and then demanded 15s. as the price of the skin in the drumhead that had been ruptured. The officer declared that he would not pay the money, but probably he thought better of the matter when he got borne. When the ladies in the box dis covered that the officer had received no injury worth talking about they naturally became hilarious over the adventure. As for the officer, he has been chaffed so much that he will probably take care not to throw any somersaults in future out of the theatre boxes into the drums. The Lazarus mine at Bendigo is now down a depth of 3048 feet. 