THE GOLDEN IDOL. A STORY OFADVENTURE. BY J. E. MUDDQCK, Author of "The Dead MnuVHSoareb," " Fivm tho Bosom of the Doop, *V:, ?,Stormlighfc," VMaid Marian and Robin Stood," "Stories Weird and Wondorful," &c.;, Ac. CHAPTER XXXI. THE UOMl'ACr, ' All the Golden Idoiliuntora—if they may be no termed—were agreed that the chance of securing the Idol for which they ,had risked eo much, should not be missed; but they could not be indifferent to the difficulties confronting. them. They were reduced to eight in number, and certainly conld not all leave the ship together; otherwise they would find them selves left amongst the cannibals without means of retreat; for could it bp doubted that in their absence the skipper would argue the crew into allegiance to him again, and clear out. That was too obvious a probability to be overlooked. Even if they equally divided themselves—that is, if four went in search of the Idol, and four remained l>chind, the danger to both parties would be exceedingly great. Tho Zuyder Zoo's crow were hot * to be depended upon. For it might be safely in ferred that they would much prefer " black birding," with all its attendont risks, to going back to Australia, practically as piisoners, and with the prospectof a trial there for illegal acts, inasmuch as the ship had cleared from an Aus tralian port, and sailed under tho British flag. It was true they were weakened by illness, were dispirited and disheartened by the disas ters that had overtaken them; nevertheless it was only in accordance with human nature that if a ghost of a chance occurred for them to obtain repossession of tho vessel thay would do so. Carrots, of course, was on the side of. the adventurers; but if he saw they were getting the worst of it he would in a]},,likelihood side with the stronger party for jiis own safety. But whether that would or would -not be the case, the problem Sherard and Chibbles had to solve was about as tough a pneas any they had been confronted with during jkeir remark able adventures. Amongst the little party themselves there , were divided counsels; and, at length, after much discussion, Ralston made the following suggestion:— , , It seems to me, boys, lie .began, ' that wo haven't much choice in the matter if we want to collar the Idol. And upw that we've got in sight of it, as I may say, wp'ro not going to turn onr back; for we've risked too much and suffered too much to show the white feather now that victory is almost ours. There fore, what I suggest is tins- lot us take old Skipper Bullotte into our confidence, and offer him a share of the swag, if we're lucky enough to got hold of it." '"It strikes inc. he'd want a precious big share," tho boatswain remarked. "We couldn't accuse him of having engaged in illegal traffic if he lent us his ship, and sailed with us whore wc wished to go to. And J.'vo been thinking lately that if we are for tunate enough to get hold of the blooming Idol, it would !>o far lietter for us to sa.il direct to England. Yon see, mates, it_ might lie said iu Australia that wc had no right to <jome to these islands and deprive the niggers of tho Idol," Strangely enough, tho "boys" had not thought of this before; but tlioy could not blink tho probability of some unpleasantness arising; for, if thoy really succeeded in carrying off tho Idol, and it was what Martin had repre sented it to l>e, there would be any amount of envy and jealousy engendered, and trouble might arise. But, whichever way it was, there was no getting over the fact that the situation was a puzzling one; and overwhelm ing ami irreparable disaster might result from a false step. Nevertheless, unanimity could not be secured as regarded the skipper, and so, when the matter had boon thrashed out from every point of view, a resolution was pro posed—Should the ski](per In taken into con fidence. and asked to join the party, or should he not? This was put to tho vote, and five voted for tho skipper, throe against. The point having lieon thus decided, Sherard was deputed to jay the whole matter before Bul lotte, and draw up an agreement, should the old man be disposed to throw in his lot with the adventurers. Skipper Bullettc had l>eeu eating his heart out, as tho saying is, during tho many hours he had been kept a prisoner, and he had turned all sorts of schemes over in his mind for releas ing himself and regaining possession of tho ship. But he saw how tremendous the odds were against him. His own men were so reduced by sickness that they were hardly equal to any sustained exertion; but quite apart from that, the victors were in possession of all the firearms and ammunition, and they would therefore be worse than fools if thoy allowed themselves to bo surprised. Under tho circumstances Bullottt; was bound to admit that his chances were small indeed. Fortune had entirely gone against him during the voyage; and his own stupidity in not trying to make terms with the strangers when they came on board, instead of entrapping them, had l>ceu his undoing. At the time he thought it was an exceedingly smart trick; as it turned out, however, it was about the very worst thing he could possibly have done. Bill Bullette, however, was a hopeful, san guine man. Rascal as he was, there was nemo philosophy in his composition, and having recovered from the first shock of his reverse, his usually phlegmatic temperament was restored to its normal condition again, and he had resigned himself to the seeming inevitable; though it must not bo inferred from this that lie would miss a chance, should it occur, of bossing his own ship once more. He was fearless, he was craftv, and he had proved himself treach erous. These were qualities which might serve him well under the conditions in which he was placed. It is true he had Keen outwitted, but he regarded that a.s a pure accident, and he had sufficient faith in his own craftiness to lielicve that he might yet bo able to check ma te his opponents. When Slierard went- to his cabin, in acoord anoewith the resolution, he found him smoking, and as placid and imperturbable apparently as hewasont.be day when the adventurers first made his acquaintance. Sherard told him enough of the story to make it clear to him. what part, he was ex pected to take in the matter. And during the recital of the narrative Bullette smoked on without lietraving any outward signs of grati fication, surprise, or delight: but his small eyes showed that, he was not quite as unemotional as he wished to appear. When the story was told ho said — " Now; you know, if you hoys had only lieon square with me there need have been no rumpus. If you had told me. this yarn when you first came aboard my fibip wo should have, been chums at. once. But you w I was in bad straits, I wanted men, and when you chaps so unexpectedly turned up 1 was Jxwnd to have you. Well, let that slide. It's all over now. "Well wipe the slate and begin afresh. Give 11s your flipper. Bill Bulletle. ain't half a bad sort. I'm with you in this matter, and I'll go with the boys to look for the joss, if wo find it, all the niggers in this yere i-lnrxi shan't prevent us shipping it aboard the - ZuydcF Zee, anil when we've got it stowed snugly below we'll clear out. Therohmy hand again on it.'. Hm a white man, I amj and you'll find-me as true asBtcel." •. •• :Hd "Of courae," said Sherard, who thought'iin his own mind that, Bullctte was protesting a little too much. " Of course, there must be a bond between you' and my party, so that our respective positions may be clearly defined. And if we are successful in securing the Idol we'll sail for London,' simply touching at {Syd ney or Melbourne for stores to carry us home." "That's all ip Order, mate. I'll sign any thing you like/ But let's got to work at once. Time's of value to ns, and the sooner we clear out of this the better." Sherard retired 10 report tohisenmpanionsthe result of his interview, and when they heard the no ws they were delighted. Their hopes rose high again, for it really; seemed now as if they were in a fair way of succeeding in accomplishing the object of their voyage*and while Sherard set to work to prepare an agreement, the others busied themselves in preparation for the expe dition. Had they known the true state of the skipper's iniud, however, they would not, per haps, have been quite so sanguine. The Zuydor Zee had what was known as a monkey poop, with,an alloway running all round. The bull so ye port of the skipjKu's cabin looked into tins alloway. Within a few minutes of Shemrd leaving his cabin Bulletto waved a handkerchief through this port. It was , evidently an understood signal, for very soon the cook crept along the alloway, and asked the skipper what he wanted. " Tell the hoys to keep quiet,5' said Bnllette. There arc rorty times coming. We'll have command of tho vessel again soon. These chaps think I'm going to servo 'em, but I'll give'em brans before I've done with 'em. They're going to set, ir.o free, and we've going to try and carry off a golden joss. Do you tumble V" Tho cook, whose cunning face was filled with an expression of newborn delight., intimated that lie thoroughly understood. • Whereupon the skipper proceeded— " Now, you tell the boys they re to do nothing with out my orders, and I'll see them right. They shall all make a pile out of this trip, cure's my name's Bill Bulletto." The cook went' Off to carry out hie instruc tions. He was the skipper's faithful factotum, and it had been arranged amongst, the crew that in thodead of'night they were toarinthohi Helves with capstan bars, marling spikos, ami other weapons; endeavour to overcome tho Hherard party, rescue the skipper, and get pos session of the ship again. The agreement having l«en drawn up, it was presented to Bullotte for his signature, which he readily appended. Thy contract not forth that in the event of tho Idol being sqpured he should receive 10 jwr cent, of tho amount realized by the sale of the gold, and in addition a thousand pounds bonus for tho use of his ship. This matter settled, Bulletto once moro walked his poop a free man. The adventurers tried to dissuade him from going inland with tho expedition, but "lie pointed out that bo could be of great service to them. Ho was a powerful man, "as tough as nails"; he had nad a great deal of exjioriunce in dealing with tho natives, and he understood their language a little. The result was his arguments pre vailed, and it was decided that he should lie allowed to go. Chibbles, Ralston, the Yank, and second mate then proceeded 011 shore to make arrangements with King Dick, and it was decided that a start should be made in throe days' time. The spirit of all hands now rose greatly. As there was no reason to doubt Bullette's " bona fides" ho was not only allowed to jxissess him self of his firearms again, hut to assume abso lute control over the ship and crew. As it was not reasonable to suppose that the Idol could bo carried off without a desperate stnigglo with the natives, every preparation was made that foresight could suggest, and it was decided to take two of the small brass guns, which could be carried slung on bamboos until required. The prospect of fierce fighting gavo the men no concern, (ml then; was one other thing that did. The volcano on the Mother Mountain bad for some time been showing very pronounced signs of activity; and during the past few days it had vomited forth enor mous volumes of pumice and ashes, which bad covered tho sea for miles and miles around. The adventurers then remembered the remark - aide prophoeyof Mourrioo the .Sorcerer in New Guinea, whim he was asked about the Idol. After consulting his wonderful Burning Jewel of Life .and Death, he made tiic following pro nouncement:— "The Gnat. Spirit" (meaning the Tdol) <?is guarded by many powerful chiefs in the southern part of Birara, and all who approach there will of a certainty die. And should tho white men go, the spirit of the fire mountain, which burns for ever and ever on Birara, will burst forth and oonsumo them to ashes. Tho Jewel tells me tin's, and it tells me that tho Great Spirit will never come more to my country." In spite however, of the threatening appear ance of the mountain, and the only too obvious danger that, mii^t he faced, the. searchers resolved to push on, for it was then or never. The shore party was made up an follows Hherard, Chibbles, Ralston, the. Boatswain, the Giant, Skipper Bulletin, Carrots, and two of the erew. The, others were left on hoard to protect the vessel, the second mate being em powered to assume command during the skip per's absence. Every preparation was made on hoard the vessel to defend it in ease it should he attacked. The chain cable was shortened, so that the anchor could ho easily tripped, and all the sails were loosened ready for sheeting home, should it he, found necessary to hurriedly put out to sea. When Jung Dick heard that Bnlletto was going inland, ho exhibited some alarm, think ing that probably the expedirion was a kid napping one. But on receiving an assurance that, it was not, he grinned and said — " Him wellv had man. Me rnakee long pig of him if he come, ashore." Hherard deemed it right to tell the, skipper of this threat, hut with the. oDtinacy which seemed to be peculiar to him, Bul'ettc vowed that he was not afraid of all the niggers in the island, and nothing would afford ium greater pleasure t han to pot them like wild rahlnt. [ King Dick had undertaken to provide sixty 1 warriors for the expedition under his own leadership, and when they were all asscm i bled r.hey presented as fine a body of savages as one could have got together a.ny [ where. "Willi four exceptions not one was i over twenty-fire years of age, and every ! one was a in sty giant. The four exceptions | were Dick himself and Jiis three generals, I whose bodies were. painted and fares concealed j by the most hideous masks imaginable. The little army was armed with liows and arrows, slings for stones, spears, and clubs. In addi tion to the men, there was a large numlier of women attache/] to the army as woapon ] bearers. The women always accompany their | men-folk on a war expedition in New Britain ; and during the. progress of a fight they keep j up a continuous screech and ye)J, which is j simply terrific, and is supjKised to excite the j warriors to greater deeds of daring, j As soon as the white men had assembled the little army was <£t in motion amidst shouts soreams, yoll3, and'a franticljeating: of drama, i whileorery warrior ashe raised his spear oh i chigh vowod to bring hojo&Amertain; number of »LOneanjr'abeads. Ho did not..apparently take into consideration the probability of bis losing fbisowil. •• " 