FREE SPEEeH. AN EDITORIAL 'WE' AND WHITEWASH. One day this week the editorial We of the Mercury was stuck for a subject, and probably that great organ of self-eBteem would have been stricken dumb, and its editorial columns had been filled up with dead-head and quack adver tisements ; but the idea suddenly flashed into the brain pan of We that he should write an article op ' We, the Superior British Press.' Retiring into his sanctum the editor therenpon commenced his worship. V Adoration did not bring any great ideas, and so no Psalmody was written ; in fact We had to descend to blackguarding and pitching ' muckery ' at the other fellow before an idea could be coaxed on to paper, and then getting into that old familiar grooTe, the pen of We splashed ink over the usual heavy column, which scarcely anybody reads but the idle Fatman. The 'other fellow ' in this instance won the French press, which after being drastically dealt with for blackmail ing, We passed on to knock ont the continental press as a whole. Then We, like a yonng cockerell, strutted right gallantly and pro claimed 'that the British press is still quite unquestionably the purest in the world. . . . The British newspapers have long en joyed the confidence of the public . . . and confidence is making and keeping them clean.' The pliarisaical liar is too rough a sub ject to bestruckdead by hisown men dacity, so the Mebcuky is still in existence. As an exemplification of the old axiom that ' Truth will out' the self-opinionated Wk of the Hobart morning sup-press, which of coarse includes itself in (he ranks of the British press, en dorses and quotes a London jour nalist who gives an infallible recipe for the cultivation of decent newspapers, that they have only to be let alone, 'and they wilt become sj wealthy and attract wtiters of such a class that their devotion to law and order will become as exemplary as that of all other capitalists outside South Africa.' In plain English this in a confession tbat the ' purest press in the world ' is an abject slave to the Almighty Dollar, and has not got a sonl bigger than the Fat men. Prick the self-flatterer a little deeper, by asking when was Capital amenable to law and order ? Law and order must mean good Government and general contentment aud happiness of the masses, or it has no meaning what soever, yet every day experience proves tbat Capita) is the great sweater that grinds the faces of the poor. Tbat Pauperism, Va grancy, Street Arabs, Slums, Pros titution, Juvenile Immorality, Ty phoid, Diphtheria, Luxury, Starva tion, Sweating, is on every hand, and the great jaganatb, Capital, rolls aud crubbrs out its victims. Capital did not break away from its precedents in South ALica. It. meiely struck one of the excep tions which prove the rule — Boer patriotism could not be bought, and so law and order was broken. If Cecil Rhodes and Co. could have bribed Oom Paul there would have been no Transvaal raid. For once the Almighty Dollar has failed! ? It is well that the people should possess some knowledge of the morality and immorality of the press, so that its power might not be exalted as that of a fetish. Unfortunately journalism is go verned by all the laws of com mercialism, and hence let a journal have self-sacrifice as one of its planks, and it suffers much martyr dom. Sassiety boycotts it, and the obseqnious advertiser follows euir, henc3 it is tbat journalism is ruled from the advertising counter, and so independent journalism dues not meau carriages, race horses, and high feeding, but. lung weary hours of work for its undermanned staff. Thus it is that neither England nor Australia possesses a single inde pendent daily newspaper, and fur ther, the most gifted men on the staffs are compelled to ' write to order,' hence the hired bravos of the protss are legion. An editor of one of the leading Australian daily papers is rather fond of tell ing applicants for positions cm his literary staff that he has no diffi culty in getting clever Writers j bj^fc' the difficulty is to make them amen, able to discipline, i.e., to write to order. The Pall Ma)* Gazetti; some little m& baoktad something ? fo- say about the commercialism of that press, which the We, of the Mehcuey exalts. The following is an extract from the article: Day by day it becomes more neoesGary to issue an earnest warning to the public, both in London and the provinces, to beware of the item' of mining *ews put before them in their newspapers. Such re ports GhouU be treated with tke utmost eorutiny— cot implicitly relied npopteoauBe they are contained in Hie »ages of tap appa rently respeotabie newspaper. Many of these reports, which to the uninitiated reader may appear to be written under the direction of the editor of the newspaper in which they appear, are nothing more tiian advertisements, and they are advertise mente which should be regarded with the utmost suspicion, from the mere fact that they do not pose as such. These puffs are written by the officials of the companies themselves, and their insertion is obtained in the editorial columns' by payment — sometimes heavy payment. A reader is often lead to buhevo that a company must have some Btatus or it would not Bo to frequently referred to in the journal to which he subscribes. As a matter of fact, it may be that the company merely adopts the rapidly extending practice of making up for lack of status by payment for notioe in the news columns of these journals. We know, we regret to say, of at least one list in existence containing the names of over 100 newspapers in London ana the provinces whoso editors are prepared to sell space in their news columns for the recep tion of these compaDy notices written by the officials of the company themselves. Good old God of Thieves ! Lo quacious old JlBECuiir, with such an intimate (?) knowledge of foreign affairs, you have not yet learned that a people who have the courage to expose the lapses of such a powerful institution as the Press are in a fair way to clean liness. They are in fact washing their garments. Some day England, America, and Australia will follow suit, and then maybe some of the hired bravos of the inkslinging fraternity ' will be wanted.' Let the editorial Wu of the Mercury keep his eyes open and 'get out ' in time, or even he may be badly left. * ? It is a notorious fact that no big political or syndicate job has been worked without having one or more of the so-called leading journals acting as pilotfish to the sharks. Just because they liked it, of course! — no addition accrued to the capital of the proprietors ? Sometimes, by reason of the unhappy journal being under the thumb of the monetary institutions, no money has changed hands— the staff has had to write to order, but not to tho order of the pseudo proprietor. Occasionally the 'staff strikes against such degradation. Some few years back an effort was made to work a big tramway job in Sydney. The syn dicate was formed to buy from the Government, and a paper was selected to write np the grab. The editorial staff received their in structions, and as a result they formed themselves into a strike committee of three. The editor informed the manager that he was prepared to write up the policy of the papor, but he would not write np the tramway grab. The sub editor expressed himself to the same effect; bat' alas, the junior ratted, and was duly installed in the editorial cliair, and the con scientious scribes were sacked. It is not necessary for The Clipper to quote Tasmunian instances of boom ing; our island is small, and they are known to all, yet like a ghost t'nat will not be quiet tho shades of Mt. Huxley arise. Fortunately, on that oceision the power of the 'leading' booming press was so small that no Tasmunians were badly left, and to-day it iB well known that if certain journals commence to boom a spec it is time to ' ware hawk,' and in vestments must, be made skilfully so as to get out wi'h the robbers. 