FOOTBALL NOTES. BY MARKWELL. NOT MUCH TO SPARE. There was cause for trepidation amongst Collingwood's supporters last Saturday, when at the final change Port Melbourne, playing rather the better game, were on equal terms, so far as goals were con- cerned, with the local team; and there was genuine alarm amongst the barrackers for a few minutes after the change whilst the Ports men vigorously laid siege to the home goal. Two or three shots, any or all of which might with the least bit of luck have carried the position, just missed the open- ing, before Strickland with a magnificent effort sped with the ball along the wing into the enemy's territory, and gave his anxious friends a chance to breathe. This was the turning point of the fray, for from the veteran skipper's dash came a goal to Hailwood of the home company, the pro- duct of a telling punt after a clinking high mark. A moment later Smith was seen placing the ball for yet another attempt well within range, and a further goal was registered. Having now a strong lead, the locals, exhibiting the confidence of assured success, swept the field with avalanche-like rushes, from one of which the sure foot of Dowdell recorded their sixth goal, and placed the result beyond all doubt. A won- derfully fine rally it had been on the part of Strickland and his band, and it raised the spirits of the residents to the highest pitch of enthusiasm. Cheer after cheer greeted the sterling performance, and countenances that erstwhile lowered gloomily upon the proceedings beamed with a radiance that betokened unmixed and unmitigated satisfaction. And there was every reason for satisfaction. The team had not only succeeded in downing Port Melbourne—they had likewise by the brilliant finish proved their capacity in coming at the proper moment—and thus had shown to Melbourne, Essendon, South Melbourne, and others whom it might con- cern that like most powerful combinations they possess the faculty of rising to a great occasion. Ports men will, perhaps, affirm that the magpies' finish, splendid though it was, would not have won the match had it not been for the wretched luck that, during the earlier stages, notably in the second quar- ter, attended the seaside marksmen. The second quarter was, indeed, a triumph for the visitors in all-round play. Whilst it was in progress they beat their men at every point. They were cooler, quickly on the ball, and superior even in this par- ticular wherein Collingwood have hereto- fore reigned supreme namely, in high mark- ing. Monaghan, himself the prince of high fliers, had many of his finest efforts eclipsed by Powell, a comparatively unknown player amongst the visitors' forwards, As the de- tailed scores indicate, this term was all in favour of Ports, who had their hosts well nigh the whole time in trouble. I doubt if Collingwood have received so severe a scar- ing in any previous match this year, and I think the experience will prove of lasting benefit to most of them. Whilst under the whip, with few exceptions, they gave un- mistakable evidence of flurry and excite- ment. To me it seemed their captain alone retained his self-possession; but, though he played as he has not played for years, and though he was never done urging his men to work together, neither his example nor his earnest warnings could effect the re- organising of his disordered forces. Luckily for him and them, the half-time interval arrived before much damage had been suf- fered, and a word or two of advice and stern rebuke which he had the team to him- self in the dressing room restored them to their senses. But, had they shown no more unanimity during the later than they ex- hibited in the earlier stages, they must have lost the game, and seriously jeopardised their chances for the premiership. High eulogy may be paid the Ports men for the rattling game they played during the greater part of the day, and much sympathy may be expressed concerning their misfor- tunes in the goal-kicking line, but it would be the injudicious statement of a flatterer to set down to their credit the share they had as a team in the last fifteen minutes of the engagement. There were unquestionably some amongst them who, hoping against hope, tried their hardest to the last, but the main body of the company repeated their performance of a fortnight before against Fitzroy, and brough their efforts to a close much sooner than was warranted. I would remind these that the most brilliant wins on record in the martial order have been achieved by men who have, under the most trying circumstances, scorned to ad- mit defeat. The Ports men might, I think, derive much benefit from the perusal of "Deeds That Won the Empire." After a properly assimilated course of "Vedette" they would probably fight, and fight gal- lantly, to the bitter end. Nineteen out of twenty onlookers would, I am sure, agree in according to Strickland chief credit for his side's success, and in naming him as the champion performer of the forty. Long years ago this same Strickland gained a reputation for pluck, pace, power, and ability that was the envy of many an aspiring youth, but I hardly think his best performance in the past was one whit better than his fine display, against Port Melbourne. His speed was wonderful; he handled the ball oftener than any other man on the field, and I do not remember to have seen him once beaten by an opponent. Add to this the salutary influence he exerted over his team in all save that chaotic second quarter, and the sum total of the club's indebtedness to him looms large indeed. Monaghan must needs be mentioned early, for though his light was dimmed a bit at times, as has been shown, he came thrash at the finish with honours thick upon him, not alone for splendid marking, but for innumerable and very telling long punts, as well as for battling to the last with the courage of a lion. He was the chief of the defenders, and his more trusty allies were Williams and Proudfoot, the former never flinching from the fiercest onset and the latter keep- ing his place religiously, blocking many a goal and kicking in with a power that has not been exceeded for the year. Pannam and Callaghan flanked their captain on the centre line, and with their vigour and taking runs formed a lustrous setting to his greater brilliancy. Hailwood rivalled both friends and foes in soaring for the ball; but for value and quantity of brisk work forward the palm most be bestowed on Smith. All day the fight was keenest in the ruck, and here, with Condon and Murphy absent, the weight of a heavy occa- sion was commendably shared by Dowdell, Stock, and Flaherty. No man of the visi- tors did more or better work than Fitz- patrick, who set his side a most praise- worthy example. His sturdy figure was ever in the thickest of the fight, and he was one of the few who kept his form up to the finish. Of the ruck men proper, W. Monagle was most conspicuous, and would have been even more useful had he been less inflated with his capacity as a sprinter. Great cleverness was shown by O'Brien, whose finest work was seen when the struggle was at its height. Smith made his mark upon the game throughout the earlier half, and Fyander was often noticeable Robertson and Ryan were very effective backs, and Gibson here and on the ball did splendid execution. McGee and McGregor played first-class football near the centre and Powell, Johnston, and Healy, in that order, shone amongst the forwards. The game could not have been better umpired. Crapp gave the players just as much lati- tude as permitted them to do their best, and during the day he never failed to in- terfere when necessary. On the whole the encounter was well worth watching, and spectators will, I am sure, be pleased if they see nothing worse to the end of the year. FAIR, FAST, AND OPEN. St. Kilda are reckoned a mighty dan- gerous company, and it is not with over- weening confidence they are tackled even by the strongest. Report had stated prior to Saturday that they were determined to give their visitors from the other end of the lake a particularly warm reception, and ere hostilities commenced it was admitted by the Saints themselves that they were sending into the field their strongest twenty, stronger even in some departments than that which drubbed Geelong. They started admirably, a behind and then a goal falling to them before the Southerners had state that, except during the first few minutes, when he seemed to interfere too often, his influence upon the play was dis- tinctly beneficial. South's ruck were every man of them in tip-top form, a fact to be noted carefully by Essendon to-day, and so even was their per- formance that is hard to separate them. The experienced and resourceful Gibson was, perhaps the star, but the light shed upon the proceedings by Purdy, Pleisse, and McArthur was little less effulgent. Windley, roving, furnished the finishing touches that were required to make the combination artistic as well as efficient. It was, however, to wingman Southern the highest honours of the day belonged, for it was undeniable that his share in the success of the side could not be overstated. His comrade, Howson played brilliant football at intervals, and gave fair help towards overpowering the local centres. Swannie, McCartney, and Toms were the pick of a strong body of de- fenders and Fraser in particular, along with Minahan and J. Adamson, were sturdiest labourers amongst the forwards; whilst Little and Stranger, both here and on the ball gave valiant services. For the de- feated St. Kildites, Aylwin's telling and reliable dashes in defence claim earliest mention and that, too, notwithstanding that his comrades in the garrison, O'Grady, E. Dunne, Hogan, and Brown (the last for part of the game only), played perfect football. On the centre line, Duggan's was the soundest game and R. Robertson, the captain, showed form amongst the forwards second only on the side to that of Aylwin, whilst Stewart, in the same vicinity, shaped excellently; and W. Matthews, Low and Jones, upon the ball, with Shaw as rover, though beaten as a combination made individually much im- press on the game. Fraser (3), Minahan and J. Adamson (2 apiece), and Pleisse were the visitors' successful marksmen; and Archer, Robertson, Dunne, and Hall divided scoring honours for St Kilda. TALL SCORING BY MELBOURNE. With Fry fit and well in the ruck, and O'Halloran once more in his place amongst the backs, Melbourne, playing well within themselves, were immeasurably superior to their Footscray's visitors, notwithstanding that the latter were represented by almost their strongest twenty. During the first and third term there was some semblance of a match but generally the home team did as they pleased. Nevertheless, the play was interesting to watch, if only for the fact that the winners showed really artistic football all the time. They were resistless in the ruck, and they adopted methods so systematic, and carried them out so per- fectly, that spectators must have wondered why they have been beaten at all this year. One if driven to the conclusion that cool- ness and judgment have not always been their stock-in-trade. Against Footscray they had little reason for alarm, conse- quently they were able to take their time and look before they kicked. The case was otherwise the week before at South Melbourne, and may be to-day with Col- lingwood to the fore, anxiety will again undo them. Their forwards, who played like sheep against the Southerners, were genuine clinkers when opposed to Foots- cray, not only kicking with the deadliest precision, but going for the ball, and getting it themselves most bravely. That they are capable of doing the same this afternoon, with Monaghan and company in opposition, I have not the slightest doubt; but that they will assert themselves problematical. Their recent form has not impressed outsiders with their capacity to rise to an occasion. The defenders of company rarely fail to give a good ac- tount of themselves, and in last week's en- gagement they fairly paralysed the Foots- cray forwards. On the wings, too, their form ranks always high; and here, if any where, was their superiority most manifest. It was decidedly hard upon poor Footscray to meet them on a day when, placed and on the ball, they were distinctly at their top. I have to congratulate the defeated warriors upon the valour they displayed throughout against overwhelming odds; and I wished to be noted to their credit that they took their beating like true philosophers, never in a single instance dis- playing any bitterness; against their van- quishers. The labours of Carris, the field umpire, were, in consequence, comapara- tively easy, though, all the same, they were carried out with thorough conscientious- ness. For Melbourne, Fry, who returned to his post like a giant refreshed, was a host in himself, and made all the difference in the ruck. I fancy, too, he made much of the difference that was noticed forward, for he was many times responsible for opportuni- ties from which the marksmen scored. Next to him, McGiniss claimed attention from the crowd, first with his eager but futile efforts to make goals, and later, and much more commendably, with the finish of his doings on the ball. Of the backs, "Hall" was quickest on his feet, and did a power of work; but the steady coolness of O'Hal- loran and O'Dwyer constituted the chief to block the advances of the tricolours. Sheehan and Sholl were brilliant on the wings and Leith, McCarthy, Adamson, and Wardill made things hum in the front of goal; whilst little Irvine helped his fellows in the ruck ruck most gamely. Footscray's fastest wingman, Evans, played a fast and clever game but showed a tendency to wander from his post. Gladstone tried his hand amongst the backs, and acquitted himself most capably, putting in the shade the performances of his comrades in the garrison, though Wilson and Powell both played very deserving football. The fol- lowers were always badly beaten, but Drew and Clayton shaped more than fairly forward. GREATLY OVERWEIGHTED. Opposed by the sturdy Essendonians North Melbourne's little men, clever and capable through they proved themselves, were at so huge a disadvantage physically that their defeat was unavoidable. Their football, so far as ground work, quickness of passing, and neatness generally were con- cerned, gave pleasure to beholders, and the courage they displayed in sticking to their guns was worthy of high praise. When, however, this much has been set down to their credit there remains nothing to be added. They were out of the hunt alto- gether after the opening quarter, and even during that period, although they notched two goals to one, their inferiority was quite palpable. Later on they offered just suffi- cient opposition to their visitors to bring out the talent of the latter. And from dis- interested sources I glean that the all-round performance of the men in red and black was, on the occasion, worth going miles to witness. Such running with the ball has seldom been seen on the North Melbourne enclosure, and the kicking, both for goal and in the open, was a treat. The veteran umpire Shaw gave both sides satisfaction, and the behaviour of the barrackers throughout the day was most exemplary. Officer's magnificent dashes from the goal- line to the centre was a taking feature of the game, and gained no more applause than they deserved. In similar form this after- noon he ought to prove a thorn in the flesh to the Southerners. Forbes in the ruck, outshone both friends and foes, and showed such skill in securing the ball from the throw-in that no one else had half a chance. The veteran "Tracker" has during the year exhibited a return to his old-time form, and, indeed, it may be doubted whether at any previous period of his lengthened career he was quite so good as he is at present. His little comrade, Kearney, works skill- fully with him on the ball, and the combina- tion was very telling againrt the Northern- ers. Bedford followed to advantage at in- tervals, and between times comported him- self ably forward. Stuckey, on the wing Wright in the centre Waugh, Sykes, and Vautin forward, and Anderson and Kin- near amid the backs, were all in first-class fettle. The two light-weights, Grierson and Currie, played great games in the ruck for North, and Graham, in the same depart- ment, was little less conspicuous. W. Stuckey and Montgomery showed up well on the wings; J .Taylor, E. Launder.and Noonan strove valiantly in defence; Larkin, Kinman, and Snow werebusy workers wien the ball came forward; and H. Laun- der roved with neatness and with skill. Dixon, a new man, of fair stature, and in this respect an acquisition to the team, shaped promisingly back, where he marked with much success. A WRETCHED DISPLAY. Saturday's game at Geelong was a very poor one, so poor and so exceedingly one- sided that it hardly deserved to be called a contest. Richmond, I am sorry to say, are getting worse instead of better. Indeed, it may be doubted whether, upon their pre- sent form, they could win a match amongst the juniors. To the Geelong lads they were the easiest of victims, and only in the second term, and then on sufterance, did they have even a ghost of a show. Conway was away from the home company owing to tbe calls of business; Wheatland was still upon the injured list, McKenzie had left for New South Wales, Murphy was devoting himself to the gentler exercise of tennis, and James had not returned from Omeo. The team had consequently to be recruited, and amongst the fresh men tried Maguire showed himself neat and effective on the wing, and Lilley, a stalwart youth, did well amid the followers. The best man on the field was Jas. McShane, who sur- passed himself with fine high-marking, dashing ground play, and superb kicking. Parkin, Young, and E. Rankin had all their own way in the ruck, Brockwell and McCal- lum were masters on the centre line, Deasy did many fine runs from right back, and McCrae, whose marking was a feature of the game, kicked three good goals. Peter Burns put in the day amongst the forwards, and three goals came to him from numerous tnes, whilst D'Helin, who bagged two, had easy chances for a dozen. For Richmond, Kelly was far and away the best, and he tried hard to get his men to play the game. Sparrow and Clarke back, Bahen and Har- ris on the wings, and Parker, Wilson, and Ryan following were the more deserving of the remainder. Tiernan as field umpire was anything but a success. Tbe Geelong people say he is thoroughly incompetent, and ought never to be appointed to a match in their neighbourhood whilst the services of a junior umpire like D. Kearney are available. To-day Conway and Pontin will probably be in the team against Fitzroy, and the latter will doubtless find the side quite strong enough to make them gallop. WILLIAMSTOWN'S COLLAPSE. Those who reached the Fitzroy ground in time for the opening quarter saw 25 minutes' fairly even and more than fairly able foot- ball, but the change of ends was followed by an unexpected alteration in the aspect of affairs. From the start of the second term right on to the end of the game the 'Townsmen were hopelessly out- classed. It was not that they fell away from their first term's form, but that the maroons, after warming to their work, played better football than in any previous match this year. They found the fine day and the dry ground and ball exactly to their liking, and they romped clean away from their bewildered visitors. The latter had three good men away in Scott, Griffen, and A. Thompson, but even these would scarcely have made up the dif- ference. On the other hand, the great gun Banks and the wing man Nomens were standing out of the home team. The match was won in consequence of Fitzroy's unmis- takable superiority in every branch, but more especially in the ruck, where the vil- lagers shaped like novices by comparison. Captain Cleary, the brothers Grace, McMichael, McSperrin, Moriarty, Leckie, Kiernan, Hickey, and Sloan constituted the stronger half of the victorious twenty; and W. Warren, Hall, Kennerson, Worrol, and Ogilvie did gallant battle on behalf of Wil- liamstown. McCoy umpired the game most capably. 