THE PUGGLBTON DOCTOR. CHAPTER I. For the last five yeare of her life, Miss Marcia Jones had seldom missed spending pwt of the evening at least with her old friend and admirer, Dr. Narcissus, more commonly known by the village boys in Puggleton as ' Narrowscissors.' There was no reason for his being called so, except that his thin legs and his attenuated frame, and the upwsr.i turn of long coat-tails, did rather convey the suggestion of a pair of scissors on end. In the summer, middle-aged Miss Marcia and her middle-aged lover met under a pear trea in the orchard ; in the winter, they sat on opposite sides of the fire, looking fondly at each other across the hearth rag, despite the furious glances of Miss Marcia's father, who did not approve of ' Narrow scissors' as a wooer for his daughter, and chuckled with delight whenever the doctor wa3 suddenly called away to attend a patient. Indeed, he had even been known to assert in ' The Club' (' The Club' met at the Puggleton . Arms every evening to legislate for the nation) that 'Narrow- sciaaors' hired a hoy to call him oub of church every other Sunday for immediate attendance on imaginary patients. He carried his enmity to such an extent as to wink at ' Narrowscissors' in a derisive and disrespectful manner as that gentleman went down the aisle, even though the rector had preached for the fifth time, 'And again, my dear brethren, I -would remark in passing.' But 'Narrowscissors' bore Mr. Jones's dislike very patiently. There was no reason why he should not have married Miss Marcia long ago, had it not been for her father's determined oppo sition to the match. Miss Marcia was f; r too dutiful a daughter to marry without her father's consent. Sometimes, in the night-watches, when she heard the rumbling wheels of ' Narrow scispora' ' gig departing towards various outlying patients who had need of his services, sha sat up in bed with o shawl round her Bhouldeis, and wished it could be her privilege to pi o vide him with hot coffee on hia return. It was so sad that there should be no one to welcome him except the servant. Hitherto, she had only succeeded in getting Dr. Narcissus into hot water. The tears rolled down her plump, pretty cheeks, as she thought how- Jacob 8arved for Rachel, only to wed L9ah, and then find another seven years of probation before him. She could not help wonder ing what were Jacob's real sentiments towards Leah, and how they got on together. The doctor, however, did not appear to be discouraged. He had already ' done his five years.' As they paid at the Club, 'Done ic on his head,' the club thereby meaning that the doctor's staying power was so great that waiting didn't trouVe him in the least. Miss Marcia knew differently. She regretted the unhappy passago of arms which had once taken plaoe between ' Narrowscisaors ' and her father, on some burning political question of the day ; hut she did not regret the way in which her lover had gently yet firmly proved her belligerent parent to . be hopelessly in the wrong. Mi33 Marcia also knew that the doctor was thinner than of yore ; that his hair was beginning to turn grey ; that h« seldom smiled in his old genial fasbloa. Whilst she loved him for his constancy, she felt , he wanted a good shaking for not blustering about tho whole affair. The very idea of ' Narrowscigsors' ever attempting to bluster was absurd ; he was much too gentle for anything of the sorb. B asides, such conduct would be un professional in the extreme. When he told his love to Marcia, she informed him that her father would never consent. ' My dear lady,' said Dr. Narcissus, fondly surveying her beautiful eyes, 'I don't want to marry your father.' « D-- you know how old I wo, 1' q^owfl ' I have never had the presumption to give the subject a thought,' said Dr. Narcissus, with old-fashioned courtesy. Most of his actions emelt of lavender. 'My own age ia forty-eight, and I have published a little brochure on toxicology which has been very well received in the medical world.' ?** Well, I am forty,' said Miss Marcia. ^'ITuu are good enough to say that you admire my beauty. If we have to wait for my father's consent, these cheeks will ba wrinkled and shrivelled, my form bent and shrunken, my eight dim, and. myself an old woman. And, day by day, as we wait, our hope will grow lesa. I love my father very dearly. Sometimes, howevor, I think the price exacted by a parent is a heavy one to piy. Love forgives much, hopes for much ; and I have promised hint not to marry without his consent. Ob, yes, you will caase to love me as I. grow old, and my hair turns grey with grief.' Dr. Narcissus gazjd fondly at Miss Marcia's beauty. She was a tall, majestic looking woman, with a sweet simplicity of carriage which prevented her bearing from seeming proud. Miss Marcia generally wore tpotless apparel of light grey or lavender, with soft folds ot lace at the neck and wrists. Her auburn hair crinkled and gleamed almost riotously round her shapely head, though she did her host to subdue its rebellious tendencies. But a soft west wind would bring her elaborate precautions to naught. This gleaming mass of gold broke out into little ripples and waves, and utterly defied any attempt to restrain it within the bounds of decorum. Her eyea were blue, sweet, and expressive, her com plexion fair, with a soft glow of Colour on the cheeks. There was perhaps just a little too much determination in the squareness of the milk-white chin, but the severity of her chin was overcome by Miss Maicia's pretty lips, which, parted in a half smile, displayed beautifully white, if somewhat irregular, teeth. She had many admirers, although none of them found any thing but gentle pity in her sight. She would thank them very sweetly for their goodness in loving her, and retain them as life-long friends. Her father claimed most of her care. So utterly heartless, so irrepressible an individual would have been beyond the care of most people, but Miss Marcia loved him fondly and obeyed his slightest wish. There had never been a shadow of discord between them until Dr. Narcissus laid his heart at her feet. Mr. Jones had forbidden Miss Marcia to pick up the. doctor's heart.- After careful de liberation, however, she had come to the conclusion that she loved the doctor. His quiet, gentle ways accorded well with her own tastes; they loved the same books ; they attended the some church; and the doctor was lonely. Mr. Jones regarded himas a nuisance, treated him with ignominy and refused to receive him aB a son-in- law. And this attitude of his had never varied for five years. As the doctor gazed fondly at Miss Marcia it occured to him, for the hundredth time, that Mr. Jones's attitude was becoming monotonous. ' Madam,' he said, laying his hand on his heart, ' when God gives us something: to love, the passage of time only makes it dearer.' Miss Marcia, in return, ma.de him a prim, old-fashioned curtsey. _ The flame of their love burnt very bngmly and purely, albeit somewhat formally. In the solitude of her chamber, Miss Marcia sometimes allowed herself to wonder what har sensa tions would be like if Dr. Narcissus were to attempt to kisa her. And the doctor, ia the seclusion of hia study, sometimes per mitted his thoughts to stray in the same direction. But they were both too puncti lious and shy ever to get boyond dreaming over the matter. Once indeed, at Christ mas, Miss Maroia had suspended some mistletoe from the lamp, in the hall, under which the unconscious doctor stood for fully five minutes, withont being aware of the reason whioh called a blush to her peachlike cheeks. Indeed, he would never have discovered it at all, had not Mr. Jonea hastily dragged him away from beneath it, and brought the berries to 'the ground with aa indignant sweep of his oak stick. ' Now look here, Narrowscissoro,' said Mr. Jones, who always prided himself on being a self-made man. (There was no need to question the truth of this, said his enemies. He wa3 bo very badly pat to gether.) ' Don't you got any of thia non- ' aensa in my girl's head, or I'll shut my dooraogain8tyoualtogether. Iwon'tetandit.1 The doctor calmly repudiated any guilty intention with regard to the miBtletoe, in* wardjy wordedne at the difference bo» W father, who was a very vulgar old man indeed^ especially when he had taken too freely of a mysterious beverage called ' dog's nose,' the component parts of which were known only to himself, and failed to bear the slightest resemblance whatever to any ' canine nasal organ. On festive political oc casions, Mr. Jones was wont to brew what he called a 'jorum 'of this mixture, and stir it all Tip together with a red-hot poker. The result would have undermined the con stitution of an ironclad, ' I'm getting tired of this noD sense,' Baid Mr. Jones, angrily. ' Very tired. I tell you what it is, Narcissus, don't you come dangling after my girl here any more, I won't stand it.' ' Be calm, my dear sir,' said Dr. Nar cissus, all his professional instincts aroused at the sight of the other's apoplectic visage \- — 'Ba calm, or I shall have to bleed you.' ' You have been bleeding me in coals and candles for the last five years,' said Mr. Jones, vulgarly, 'and I'm tired of it. I don'ti want to Bee you about th9 place any more.' ' Papa,' said Miss Marcia, very quietly, and Bweetly, ' you forget you are talking to v my betrothed husband.' 'Now, don't you interefere, Marcia, 'tween man and man,' said Mr. Jones. ' I'm a 'asty man myself, there's no deny ing it; but I'm a man for all that, and not a long narrow tallow candle, like Narcissus. 'When he can give up contradicting his betters — men as make politics the study of' a life-time — and come round to my views, then perhaps I'll forgive him.' Miss Marcia looked at Dr. Narciesus. Dr. Narcissus regarded her reassuringly. ' My dear sir,' he said, quietly, ' as you are the honored parent of the lady I love, I am unable to express in plain English all I should like to say about your fatuous obstinacy. If I ware to do so, you would probably go off in an apoplectic fit. Yon can; therefore, imagine the control I am putting, on myself when I do not say it. For. five years you have insulted me; for five years you have made this lady live a life of sorrow. It is time you behaved bet ter to both of us. I honor her filial obedi ence,- and would be the last person in the 'world to weaken it.' 4fiYoxi can't,' said Mr. Jones, rather im pressed by this plain speaking from the usually reserved Dr. Narcissus. 'You can't. She promised never to marry with out my consent.' 'Very well, then, my dear sir,' said Dr. Narcissus, softly, ' I am afraid I shall have N to resort to other measures to obtain it. You have robbed your daughter of all happiness for ? ' ' Hasn't she got me to look after ? Isn't thai happiness enough ?'' 'I might like a little more variety in it, papa,' suggested Miss Marcia. ' For in stance; suppose you looked after me a little more.' 'What!' Mr. Jones was amazed. ';Haven't I given you a comfortable home ? This is what comes of sending you to a .;?.. Quaker school where they teach people to think for themselves. What do you mean by thinking, Marcia V 'I have been taught to honor my father,' said Miss Marcia ; ' and this dis cussion is exceedingly painful to me. You ' ? ? have a right to rob me of the sweet happi ness of being an honored wife, but you have no right to insult my future husband.' Dr* Narcissus bowed tenderly, and Miss Marcia made him a gentle curtsey, which . involved a low backward bend aad gradual uprising in his direction. Miss Marcia's curtsey was famouB in Puggleton. The Vicar pronounced it quite Chesterfieldian. Then she gracefully glided out of the room, a deeper color than usual upon her beau tiful cheeks. ' Now I will prescribe for you,' eaid .Dr. Narcissus, as he shut the door after Miss Marcia. 'There's nothing the matter with me,' SBid Mr. Jonee, angrily. 'Pardon urn, but there is. You have ' dog's nose' on the stomach and the nerves; II- you go on as you are doing now; you ^i!l bo dead in a year.' -««.W.-w-what?' 'Perhaps 6ooneK- There's something \- preying on year mina. I ehould say that you were naturally a&' active man, and since you retired from business — by the way,, what was your business ? I have ofcen been asked the question.-' ' Never you mind,' raid Mr. Jone?, recovering himself. 'Never y-ou mind. It's no business of yours.' 'Tint's perfectly true,' returned.' Dr. Narcissus, suavoly. ' What I was going fco 0a7 Hi-.tha.fr enforced idlftJiQfjS in very hf$, for you. You can't work off what Button calls the ' gross humours of the body.' ' ' What's he know about my body ?' de manded Mr. Jones. 'He's never seen it. I don't drink his ale. I call it very dis respectful of him.' ' No, he'a dead ; wrote a book called the ' Anatomy of Melancholy.' ' ' Well, there ain't an atom of melancholy about me,' returned Mr. Jonea. 'I'm a plain, blunt, 'ealthy man I am, and don't you dare go and say different.' ' Oh, very well. I had intended serving seven years for your daughter's hand, if wo could not be married sooner. I have already waited five. Let me see. If you go on as you are doing now, you will last almost a year, perhaps a little less. That will make it six years ; and there will be the customary year of mourning for yon, to complete the seven. You see, it doesn't make any difference tn me whether you live or die, except that your death would cause intense grief to the gentle lady you have the honor to call daughter.' Jones was impressed. He had hitherto regardad Dr. Narcissus as a weak, irresolute fool. ' I didn't know you'd so much back bone in you,' ha said, begrudgingly. 'I love your daughter; the responsi bility for her happiness makes me patient,' said Dr. Narcissus, quietly. ' Many men without conscience, but possessing my special knowledge of toxicology, would have removed you from your present sphere of inutility long ago. Beit I have a conscience, and couldn't do it.' He took a little' bottle from his pocket — a little bottle with tightly-tied up glass stopper. ' For instance, this bottle con tains the celebrated Aqua Tofana,' he said, in a matter of fact voice. ' If I were to take out the Btopper and hold it under your nose whilst you are indulging in one of your afternoon dinner naps, you would never wake again.' Mr. Jones grew purple. 'I'll send for the police,' he said, ' What do you mean by carrying poisons about in this way ?' ' Oh, I am an expert in toxicology.' ' What's that got to do with poisons ?'' ' It means the same thing.' 'Take it away. I can't breathe easy with it in the house. It might fly at one or bo spilt. I can't breathe, I tell you,' ' That isn't the effect of poison ; it's ' dog's nose,' and conscience. I mean to continue my visits as usual, and I shall do all I can to prolong your life for 'your daughter's sake, although I'm convinced you can't live like this for more tban another year, possibly ten months. I think if I were you I would go away to the sea side from Saturday to Monday every week. The arguments with railway porters, rows with cabmen, and running after trains may do you good, give you something to live for. I shall make a point of calling on Miss Marcia when you are absent. Arn't they waiting for you at the club 1' And with out exactly knowing how, Mr. Jones found himself walking down to the Puggleton Arms, loaving Dr. Narcissus in possession of the field. Half-way in the direction of the Puggle ton Arms, Mr. Jones paused irresolutely and wiped the perspiration from his brow. 'If he only finds out I've been a butcher,' he said, with blanched cheeks, ' how they'd all laugh at me down at the club. There's Porkins would .give a fiver to crow over me about it. He thinks I'm descended from Griffin Ap Jones, of Wales. Most of the Welsh Jones's squint and have red hair ; that's what made me think of it. Now, I've only got led hair. Wish I could squint.' He leered so hideously at a dog in the road that it put its tail between its legs and ran howling away. 'That fellow Narrow6cisBors is right,' continued Mr. Jones as be waddled towards the club. ' I'm pining to death here. I've stood it eight years, but I can't stand it much longer. I'm glad I never let Marcia know, though. She always was a lady, and always will be, but I'm not going to give her up to Narrow scissors for all his poisons and things.' Mr. Jones was almost opposite the Puggleton Arms, when a brilliant idea struck him. He stopped in the middle ot the road, and grinned widely. This time, a baby at the doorway of a neighbouring cottage began to yell with terror. 'I'll do it,' he said, excitedly. ' I'll do it. It's the one thing to keep me alive. I'll give up ' dog's uose ' and have toe laugh at Narrowscissors, and his aquey toffey stuff yet. It's a great risk, but he'B right. I'm dying by lunches here ! By hinches ! If he ever does find it out I'll have to give ?, .. * in, but he never will. He never will.' He turned round and went home again, greatly to the disappointment of Porkins, who was waiting for him with a crushing1 argument in favor of a Republican iorm of Government and the painless doing away in a lethal chamber of hereditary peers. When he reached home, he went into Marcia's sweotly old-fashioned parlour and said abruptly : ' I'm going to Brighton to-morrow to stay till Monday'.' 'I trust you will find the sea-air invigorating, papa,' said Miss Marcifc, a , little coldly. ' I will prepare your linen at once.' . ' Hinvigorating !' Baid Mr. Jones, with a roar of laughter. ' Hinvigorating. I beg your pardon, my dear; my aitcnes will fly about sometimes when I'm excited. There's no hair— I mean air — like it. ,' No air like it. It's the breath of life— full of the loveliest smells j the air's thick with 'em.' ??:-??' Marcia regarded him sorrowfully as she moved towards the door. Jones motioned her back. 'There ain't anyone else but Narrow* ; scissors you could take a iaocy to, is there, my dear?' he asked, anxiously. 'Your mother picked me out of half-a-dozen. None of 'em were a bit like me. She said they were all alike, but she'd never seen anyone like me before.' ' ' Papa,' said Miss Matcia, in. shocked tones, ' we are betrothed.' ' That ain't being married,' said Jones, ' there's nothing binding in that. I was ' ] betrothed (I called it 'kpeping company,') several times before I met your mother. It helped to paBs the time, though it came rather expensive in photographs.' Miss Marcia felt disgusted. 'I have been accustomed to rrgird a betrothal as sacred,' she said. 'Don't you think, papa, you could overcome your dislike to' Dr. Narcissus ? I shouldn't have a caro in the world if you two only liked each other.' 'No, I can't like him/' said Jones, doggedly. ' He's a murderer — a tallow face poisoner that's what he is.' Miss Maroia's beautiful cheeks paled; She almost turned from her father in ! horror. 'Papa, you say you love me, yet you make me very unhappy. What would you have done if anyone had come between you and mamma V 'Punched his head,' said Mr. Jones promptly. Miss Marcia smiled. 'Oughtn't Dr. Narcissus to — to punch yours ?' she asked, and escaped from the room. 'That ain't what comes of going to a Quaker school,' said Mr. 'Jones ruefully. 'They will teach 'em to think, though they won't teach 'em to fight or to Bwear. She had me there. Now for the seaside. Ho ! ho ! ho ! The seaside .'' Miss Maroia heard him roaring with laughter as she stood in the solitude of her spotless chamber, with its snowy hangings and dainty surrounding?. 'Poor papa, if the sea air makes him laugh more' than that, he will break a blood vessel.' She woke up at three in the morning, aroused by her father, who was chuckling in his sleep about the sea-air. She began to think his mind was affected, especially when he went up in the garret, next morn ing before starting, and returned with a mysterious bundle in his hand. ' What is that for, papa,' asked Misa Marcia, wonderingly. ' What V said Mr. Jones, gaily, aB he went down the gravel path, ' Oh, that's to keep off the sea air, my dear.' CHAPTER II. When Mr. Jones returned from Brighton without the mysterious bundle, he looked as jolly as the Band boy of proverbial philosophy, although history is silent with regard to the special inducements which contributed to swell the abnormal well being of that much-quoted individual. In . - the early part of every week he was far more amiable to Miss Marcia, and tried in a thousand ways to atone for his previous harshness. She noticed, however, that when she introduced the subject of Brigh ton ho invariably turned the conversation to local topics. There was one thing ia which he remained terribly consistent ; he would not welcome Dr. Narcissus. On tho contrary, he was more embittered against him than ever, and carefully got out of that worthy gentleman's way. Three ? months of solitary week-ends at Brighton made a different man of Mr. Jones alto gether. He became rosily good-natured, and conducted his political disputes with more amenity. Miss Marcia hoped that time would soften bis heart, but tho spring came round again with. dreeing diiffod^: and twitter of swallows beneath the eaves, without Mr. Jones showing any diepcsition to relent. Poor Miss Marcia had suffered for so long that endurance was now pait of her being, hut as she lis tened night after night to the departing gig-wheels of Dr. Narcissus, through the darkness, her gentle heart swelled with in dignation at her father's tyranny. About Wednesday he became irritable ; grew worse on Thursday ; and only recovered tone when the time came for him to pack up on Friday night in readiness for Satur day morning. While her father wa? away, Miss Marcia had the pleasure of two visits from Dr. Narcissus, who always came to tea on Saturday evening, and escorted her to church the next day. Sometimes jtha Doctor would be called away before he had done justice to his first pikelet. Miss Marcia was always in a hurry to get tea over lest he should be interrupted in the middle of it. Saturday being Puggleton market day, generally resulted in tavern brawls or drunken frolics wherein heads Were bioken which had to be bound up and mended as speedily as possible. Each fleeting second possessed a fearful joy for Mis3 Marcia, and brought home to her the truth of the old couplet, Every moment dies a man, Every moment one is born. tf the whole evening passed without in* terruption of any kind, she thanked heaven on her knees. It was so much sweeter to have Dr. Narcissus all to herself without. the risk of his being forced to quarrel with her father. But when the doctor was called away, and she sat by the blazing fire (the evenings were chilly still) seeing his face in the flames, her heait felt ve y sore. By the time he returned to his own home the ser vants would have gone to bed, and let . the fire out altogether. She wondered if they ever thought of airing his things, and was sure they never mended bis wristbands, for the edges were frightfully frayed. As for buttons on his collar, he seemed never to be aware that suoh things were worn. But so fine were the doctor's serious, earnest features that she felt sure people would never think of collars and cuffs when they looked at his eyes. And so she ? Would. Bit by the fire dreaming of happy days to come until the flames grew dim, the cricket's cheerful chirrup died away, and all the world was given ovor to dark ness. Then she would hasten to place a candle in the window for the doctor to look at on his return, and go slowly off to read her Bible before retiring to rest. On Saturday morning Miss Marcia had Been her father off from the station, and waB returning to the house when Dr. Nar 018808* gig overtook her in the High-street, and the doctor got out. He seemed very 1 much annoyed about something. 'I am so sorry,' he said, 'but my old friend, Brander, of the London hospital, has an ominous case under his care, and wishes to consult me about it. I'm afraid I must go up at once. He thinks the man has been slowly poisoned.' Miss Maroia felt forlorn. After a mo ments's Inward struggle, however, she recognised the situation, and accepted it. 'I need hardly say how great tho dis appointment is to me,' said Dr. Narcissus. ?? I consider myself very patient, but we are wasting the best years of our lives* I would not for one instant endeavour to , persuade you to break your promine, were It not that all this euspen3e is telling on you. You will have to go away for change of air soon. What shall I do without you!' Miss Marcia smiled bravely, although her blue eyes filled with tears. ' We have been patient so long— so long,' she said. ' Surely we can be patient for a little longer. My father will give way one day.' Dr. Narcissus lost his self-oontrol /or once. ' I suppose we must wait,' he Said. ' You can't realise how fair my life would be with you to brighten all its selfish . loneliness.' 'Don't make me give way too,' she murmured. ' You have been so brave ; and there will be all the sad evening and to-morrow. London seems so far away.' Dr. Narcissus left Marcia with a ieeling * ,- . that something must bo done speedily ; he oould not hold out for an indefinite period. The struggle was telling on his serves. Why had he ever embarked on political discussions with Marcia's father ? Politics didn't interest him in the least. The only reason he bad interfered was because he oould not stand tamely by and listen to old Mr. Jones's dogmatic nonsense. And yet there were certain things which a man with any good in him oould not Btand tamely by and listen to with Beaming ftyatawnge, AH tho way uo to town, h-- pondered over the situation. Oace at the London Hospital, however, hid thoughts were given to the case which he had coma to diagnose, and he soon discovered the poison from which the man was suffering, after eliciting the fact that he had lived close to some limekilns. The poisonous gases from tho kilus had forced their way through the orevices in his hut, and slowly taken hold of their victim. About .10 o'c'ock that night Dr. Nar cissus strolled ioto the evar-busy Com mercial'ioad, Whitechapel, resolving to take the early train home on Sunday morn ing, and surprise Miss Marcia by his un looked-for appearance in the afternoon. He had not .been in the C immeroial-road for years, and found it more interesting than ever. There was the same motley crowd, largely dominated by persuasive gentlemen of Hebraical descent, who sold penny articles on the kerb, or gave away receipts for making one's fortune with heroic generosity. Ha lingered awhile among the old book-barrows vainly hoping t) find a prize. It seemed to him that all the theological literature of the century had found its way into these dirty barrows. Sermons were sold at a penny a volume, or seven volumes for sixpence, one enterprising vpndor, with reckless extravagance, also offering to throw in a pair of braces and a bloater. Most of the barrowa containing second hand tools and vegetables — ? vegetables which had spent the week in the Commercial-road aud aged years in that time— were lit by huge naptha cressets. Young ladiea with feathers so gorgeously dyed that the parent ostrich would never have recognised them (the feathers, not the young ladies) wandered up and down sucking barley sugar, or danced with characteristic East End abandon the steps peculiar to the region. Ag5the night grew late the industrious poor came from neigh boring alleys in order to purchase their Sunday provisions at tho innumerable butchers' chops which run along one side of the Commercial-road. Each butcher had two brawny assistants who. kept up a continual chorus of ' This way, this way, lydies. Cheapest shop in the trade. 'Ere ye are, lydies, this way, this way. Block ornaments thrown in.' Dr. Narcissus dis covered that ' Block ornaments ' were the little odds and ends of meat trimmed from off the purchases of opulent buyers. If a poor woman bought something she was given a handful of 'Block ornaments' from the block, in order to encourage h:r to come to the same shop on another occa sion. The butchers who did the most bqsiness were those with the loudest voices. Presently the Doctor's attention was at traoted by a huge crowd in front of one shop from which resounded a voice loud enough to bo heard twenty yards down the street. Dr. Narcissus strolled up to this shop fall of idle curiosity to see a man who could draw such a crowd. Suddenly something in the tone of the butcher's voice struck him as familiar. The next moment he brushed hurriedly through the crowd and made his way to tho owner of the sten torian voicp. ' I'll trouble you for a few ' block orna ments,' if you please, Mr. Jones, he said,'1 quietly addressing a fat man in a blue blouse, who was, literally speaking, all over the Bhop at once. \ Mr. JoneB let fall his cleaver on the toe of an intending purchaser, and stared as if be had eeon a ghost. Then he heroically qqpY^ Mjaeelf, wrapped up. eowp frag* rrients of meat, ?.s purple as his own visage, in a piece of newspaper, and handed the parcel to the doctor, shouting out from force of habit at the same time, ' This way, lydies — this way. The best man in the market. This way.' When Mr. Jones returned to Puggleton on Monday, Brighton did not appear to have agreed with him nearly as much as umal. He could not eat anything at lunch aod wandered very furtively about the vil lage for the rest of tho day, as if not daring to enter the' Puggleton Arms. At last, he cou'd bear the suspense no longer, and went in. The landlord was as deferential as usual ; Porkor immediately assailed him with volumes of statistics on the Irish question ; and everything went on just as customary until Dr. Narcissus's tall form darkened the doorway. Jones groaned. The doctor had evidently come to expose him, and blast for ever his social aspirations in Puggleton. But the doctor did nothing of the sort. He nodded in a friendly way to Jones, bowled over Porker in five minutes, chatted for halfan hour with the looal veterinary, and then got up to go. Jones f.llowed him anxiously through the inn yard. ' I should like a word with you,' he said, in an anxious whisper, ' where these fallows can't hear.' ' Certainly,' said Dr. Narcissus, with his usual bland politeness. ' I'm quite at your servioa, Mr. Jones.' 'Of course you've got me in your power,' said Jones, as they walkad along 11 1 couldn't help i*. It's ifi my blood. If I couldn't have got into my old apron and blue sleeves again, and shouted at the top of my voico again I'd have died. That's what hurt me more than ' dog's nose.' ' ' I can quite understand and sympathise with your feelings,' said the doctor. ' If I hadn't ke'pt my old apron,' re sumed Jones, ' I might have got over it, but I kept it hid up in the garret. Marcia often wondered why I went up there so often. She thought it was because I liked to smoke near the roof. Why, I've been nearly froze to death sometimes,' he added, ' and yet I had to go there.' ' We are all creatures of habit,' said the doctor, kindly. 'I haven't thanked you for those excellent ' block ornaments,' Mr. Jones. I had them for breakfast this morning.' Jones groaned aloud. ' I've been hard on you,' he said. ' Now^ you've got your revenge. What are you going to do about it ?' Dr. Narcissus stopped abruptly in the middle of the road. ' Nothing,' he said, shortly, and walked on. Jones followed him with little, tottering steps. ' D'ye mean it ? Really mean it?' ' Certainly. It's saved your life.' ' But Marcia ?' said Jones, shame facedly. ' I have no wish to cause either you or her pain,' said the doctor, quietly, ' and I will not tafee an ungenerous advantage of my discovery. Let us drop the matter.' 'No,' said the impulsive Jones j 'we will not drop the matter.' They had reached the house by this time, and Miss Marcia stood awaiting her father in the porch. Jones took the doctor by the arm, and hurried him op the walk. ' Marcia,' he said, manfully, though the words stuok in his throat, 'I've brought you a present from Brighton. He's a better fellow than Jam. T»$ehjm,,' 