Western Australia By the "Vagabond" Illustrated by E.T. Luke. The Portuguese, the Dutch and the French had their share in the discovery of West Aus- tralia. The first Englishman to set foot on its soil, or, indeed any part of our continent, was the West Countryman and ex buc- caneer William Dampier, of Somersetshire. Dampier combined the qualities which dis- tinguished Kingsley's heroes in Westward Ho with some of these afterwards pos- sessed by Captain Cook. He was an able navigator and close observer. The charts which Dampier made of the north-western Australian coast were for a long time used by seamen. Dampier's first visit to Australia was in 1686, but he was not in any position of command on the vessel in which he sailed. Captain Swan, the buccaneer, was the commander, the vessel the Cygnet. It was of this visit that my friend, Gerald Supple, writes in Dampier's Dream, when the seaman, Will Dampier, standing at midnight in the vessel's deck— she lying in the Arafura Sea— sees the spirit of this Austral zone, who tells him, — The hour is not yet, but the doom appears As I gaze through the haze of long distant years A mighty people speaking thy tongue, So borne from their far dark strands, Shall spread abroad over all these lands, Where man now lives as when time is young. I see their stately cities rise Through the clouds where the futures horizon lies. Great ships' sails swelling to the breeze, Their heels break all the virgin seas, Vast white winged squadrons, they come and go Where only has skimmed the light canoe ! Who conquers Nature can conquer man— A law since times long course began. With the hue of his pale skies on his face, The Strong One will come and the dusk browed race Shall glide away in shadowy hoasts, Down the dim wave to the haven of ghosts And leave but their names on the hills and streams. The Cygnet was lost in the Indian Ocean, but Dampier had left her previously and returned to England, where he pub- lished an account of the voyage and his researches. Then be set out on his own account, having been equipped for further exploration of the South Seas by the Royal Navy, It is of this second trip he writes in his Voyages : — " On the 4th day of January, 1688, we fell in with the land of New Holland in the latitude of 16 d. 50 m., having, as I said before, made our course line south from the Shoal (near Timor) that we passed by the 31st day of December. We ran in close by it, and finding no con- venient anchoring, because it lies open to ths north-west, we ran along shore to the eastward, steering north-east by east, for to the land lies. We steered thus about 12 leagues, and then came to the point of land whence the land trends east and southerly for 10 or 12 leagues, but how afterwards I know not. About three leagues to the east of this point there is a pretty deep bay, with abundance of islands in it, and it very good place to anohor in or to hail ashore. About a league to tho cast- ward of this point we anchored 5th January, 1688, two miles from tho shore, in 29 fathoms of water, good hard and clean ground." Dampier discourses on the scarcity of vegetation and of animal life. The one type of tree which he finds he thinks is the dragon tree. It exudes gum which he compares with some gum of the dragon tree which he has on board. Then he unflatteringly observes of the inhabi tants : — " They are the miserablest people in the world. The Hodmadods of Mono- matapo, though a nasty people, yet for wealth are gentlemen to these, who have no houses or skin garments, sheep, poultry or ostrich eggs as the Hodmadods have. And setting aside their human shape they differ little from brutes.' Their eyelids are always half closed to keep out the flies, they being so trouble- some. So from their infancy being thus annoyed with these insects, they never do open their eyes as other people. And therefore they cannot see far.' The early account thus given of West Australia was not at all a promising one. It was not till 1826 that any active attempt was made at colonising this portion of the continent. Then Major Lockyer, with a detachment of the 39th regiment, landed at King George's Sound from Sydney, that settlement afterwards being transferred to what is now known as Rockingham, a few miles south of the Swan River. In 1829 Captain Fremantle hoisted the British flag on the spot where the town named after him now stands. Captain Sir James Stirling arrived from England on 1st June of that year with the first settlers for the Swan River Settlement, as it was for years called. Many immigrant ships followed in the succeeding decade, the attraction being the liberal grants of land offered by tne Home Government. The far famed Hentys were amongst these early settlers, but disappointed with the country, they transferred their flocks and herds to Tasmania, afterwards becoming pioneers in the Western District of Vic- toria. On 12th August, 1829, the capital city of Perth was founded by Sir James Stirling, the Governor. That was more than six years before John Pascoe Fawkner erected the first dwelling on the banks of the Yarra. Both colony and capital of West Australia, it will be seen, are of a decent age, as ages go in the Antipodes. But until recently the history of the ago of West Australia was one of struggle and comparative poverty. When transporta- tion ceased to Tasmania the people here cried out for the bond to be sent to their shores. It meant the expenditure of so much English money. Then they cried out for the transportation to cease. For long years West Australia remained the Cinderella of all the colonies, attracting but little immigration but that of a good solid yeoman class. The poet well writes of these — In those far days, the few who sought the West Were men all guileless, in adventurous quest Oi lands to feed their flocks and raise their grain, And help them live their lives with less of pain Than crowded Europe lets her children know. But now all this is changed. Cinderella has become the fairy Princess. Nature may be rough and uncouth in West Aus- tralia, but gold makes it beautiful. The colony is refined and glorified by the auriferous halo which is cast about it. As in early days in California and Victoria, people from the four quarters of the world are rushing to share this wealth. 