CHAPTER V. Mr. Curlyoii's Cousin. Never, though my memory should yield up everything else which ยก1 stormy lite has left imprinted upon it. shall I forget that little scene. My father, although his,manner'when he did come in contact willi new acquaint- ances was always quiet ly courteous, stood perfectly still without moving even a feature and with his cigarette still between his teeth. He did not appear to have hoard the words of introduction. There was not tho slightest smile of welcome upon Iiis lips. His hands, instead of being outstretched, hung nerve'less ly by Iiis side, und lie did not advance a sin-, gio step forward. The only change in. his ap- pearance was a curious glitter in his dark eyes and a slight compression ol' his thin, co . lorless lips. ' i 'A. few feet away from him Lord Alceston stooil. I could see him plainly now, but had I not heard his voice and his name, might with reason have doubted whether it was in- deed he. The face was paler' by far than when 1 had seen him last, and his form, though still erect and graceful, was shrunken and thin. His cheeks, too, were hollow, and his face seemed sharpened. He was standing: now with his lips a little parted, and ono hand [raised to his head; and God forbid that I should ever again see such a look o'f horror on human face as was distorting his features as his eyes rested upon my father. It came and went like a flash. But I saw it, and lt, seemed to me that they must see it too. Be- tween them Arthur Carlyon stood glancing from one to the other in blank bewilderment. "Have either of you seen a ghost-or both or what?" he asked, breaking a silence which, -. had it lasted much longer, I myself must have ' broken with a sJ^riek. "Bernard, old chap, don't you feel we UV . . It was all over; Lord Alceston seemed gal- vanised, out of his stupor and was once more the well-bred dilettante mail of the world. My father, too, had regained his naturally easy manners, and the usual courtesies passed between tho two men. But I noticed that when my father's hand touched Lord Alces ton's it seemed to send a shiver through his frame, and he dropped it: as speedily as pos- sible. There were a few words of invitation, a brief acceptance, aiid the three men stepped into the room from 'which, my father .had come. ?What could have passed between them to cause the momentary agitation which both had betrayed? The more 1 wondered, the moro inexplicable the whole thing seemed. I sat in my rocking chair thinking, until my. whole brain whirled and my reasoning powers were reduced to utter confusion. Then at last, moved by a sudden impulse, I started up, and wrapping a long dark cloak around me, I stole softly from the room, downstairs, and out of the open door into thc garden. . 