PERSONALITIES. The Way College Boat Club now owns* six boats. Of the making of magazines in London there is no end. The proper distance between the eyes is the width of one eye. Maskelyne, the conjurer, was at one time a watchmaker's apprentice. Florence Nightingale says that her first patient was a Scottish shepherd dog. The income of Barney Barnato is said to be a little more than ,£5,000 a day. The latest town saying is—"You can't get Fuller without getting Tucker." The bike, the bike's the thing With which to trap the conscience of the Kingt Tom Coward calls Larry Wells a #< limejuicer," but then it is very easy to be wise after the event. Who wrote that mysterious letter to Dr. Gorbin ? Surely it could not have been one of the Hospital nurses ! Short, ex-M.P., who has been auc tioneering in the Golden West, has come back on a visit to South Australia. So far as the Hospital enquiry has gone there is strong evidence in support of the statements of Quiz concerning a conspiracy. "Good old William Forrester," is the way in which the boys talk of the Honorary Secretary of the Adelaide Rowing Club. The barnacles are scraped off British men-of-war twice a year. The cost of scraping. and repainting one of the larger ships is £4,000. Dr. Campbell is trying to be fair to both sides in the Hospital enquiry, but every now and then a little bias makes itself prominent. Quite a feature of the recent pro duction of " The Mandarin " was the presence of clergymen of the Church of England in the dress circle. Tom Coward has come back to Ade laide from Brisbane, but he will only remain here for a brief space. He talks of taking a pub in Sydney. Jeane Inglelow, the poetess, lives with her batchelor brother in a quaint little house where she indulges in her special passion and pastime, the cultiva tion of flowers. Two gay boys of Adelaide, after having had a warm time in Melbourne dur^i^ Cup week, are now ooling their fevered heads on the G!enelg merry-go-round. The weather just now is too hot for people to attend election meetings, and yet if there is one thing more than another that the citizens of Adelaide enjoy it is a free show. Dr. " Jim " is now getting on all right in Wandsworth Gaol. He has had an operation performed, but the operation he would most prefer would be the opening of the doors of the gaol. Quiz has received from Ward, Lock, and Co , through Cole's Book Arcade, a copy of Miss Ethel Turner's latest work, " The Little Larrikin." A notice of the story will appear next week. " Pencil" in the Kapunda Herald —" Probably I never before felt more fiendish satisfaction, as a chronic sufferer from nocturnal feline melody, than I experienced when I saw fillet of cat, and leg of cat, and loin of cat exposed for sa'e in batchers' shops in Canton." Mr. Will Crackles, comedian and dancer, should know his business a little better than to accept free accommodation at an amateur show and then openly sneer and jeer at the whole performance. If Mr. Will Crackles were severely criticised—but that is another story. The Prince of Wales is said to have only once played in a cricket match. On that occasion he missed two easy catches in the field, and when he went in to bat was bowled first ball by a slow lob. Royalty then put on its considering 'cap and decided that cricket was not its forte. " Governor Hampden has gone to Norfolk Island " is the nasty way in which a Sydney newspaper refers to a visit being paid by the Governor of New South Wales to that most deso late piece of land in the Pacific Ocean. It looks as if the writer would like the Governor to stay there. The Salvation Army have lost the benefit of the bequest of Mr. Buntine, of Melbourne, the Judge having decided that the testator was off his mental balance. If we were all subjected to a severe test how many of us would be found to have any balance at all? Not more than one in a hundred. Quiz must not be thought to sympa thise with the attack made upon Mr. T. N. Stephens in connection with the recent University musical examina tions by a correspondent. Mr. Stephens is not only an excellent musician but a personal friend of Quiz, but a news paper has often to publish matter with which the editor may not be in accord. Many men ; many opinions. A cheerful kind of postcard received by Quiz on Monday morning :—" No, you are not body and soul the pro perty of the Premier, but you are body and soul the property of the Pope and his satellites. Menial, dirty menial of the Pope. Slave of the Pope is Quiz." Now what does this amiable maniac mean? If you guess it in two tries you can have him. When doctors differ Matthew Goode interferes. " And," as somebody re marked the other day, " who the deuce is Matthew Goode 1 He may be an excellent judge of tweeds, but he knows a great deal more about the ten com mandments than he does about a surgical operation." Matthew is one of those amiable gentlemen who, having plenty of time on their hands, must write to the newspapers or give up the ghost. William Redmond, the Home Rule member of the British House of Com mons, arrived in Adelaide on Tuesday. William knocked the stuffing out of Brother John at a memorable meeting in the Town Hall some years ago. John fired off a fiery and eloquent speech, but William wound up the proceedings, and as at that time Wil liam was under sentence of imprison ment he made a great impression. John is a cultivated speaker; William is a natural orator. Mr. Paget, at the Theatre Royal, is always busy designing something for the comfort of his patrons. His saloon is now the most attractive of its kind in the city. In this hot weather it is a treat to walk into a cool retreat where fountains play and where punkahs worked by electricity are constantly fanning the air and re ducing the perspiration on one's face. As to the houris of the bars—well, that is a subject upon which a poet might write. Quiz will not attempt the task. "Sappho Smith," of the Bulletin, is dead. There will never be another " Sappho " to equal her. Many people thought that the columns contributed by her week after week to Australia's leading Democratic paper were the work of a man, but the secret gradually leaked out that Miss Ina Wildman was actually the author of the wonder fully spicy and gossipy letter, and those who knew her best declare that Miss Wildman in private life was a most refined lady with artistic tastes very fully developed. Quiz sympathises with the Bulletin in his loss. 