Is a few days one of the greatest political struggles of modem times will be fought out. Next Tuesday is the date fixed for the 'battle of the stan dards ' in the United States of America. Tremendous interest always attaches to the contest, but it is usually confined to the country more immedi ately concerned. This thne the issues are so vast, vital, and involving, or so believed to be, that half the world awaits the verdict with bated breath. Oar Home Secretary stated recently that a general election in Queensland would cost £100,000. The estimate is probably under the mark, every draw back being allowed for, not alone the check to production, the only real source ot wealth, but the throwing of the productive machine more or less out of gear while the excitement takes possession of the people. Now this can last but a very short time in Queensland ; and if the crisis cannot \\-he got over in a country of 80,000 electors under a cost of £100,000, what must an American Presidential election, which lasts more months than our general election days, cost in a country of twelve million electors ? Indeed it is not too much to say this four-yearly election of our American cousins never allows the ' productive machine to get properly into gear, two years being taken to prepare for the contest, and the other two years to put things back in their places. The present President, Mr. Grover Cleveland, did something to re duce the intensity of the excitement by repudiating the good old rule of ' the spoils to the victors.' Once assured of the fact that the election did not involve the distribution of all the public offices among the friends of the successful candidate, and the fight lost much of its attrac tiveness. There was no longer convincing reason why many worthy Persons should exert themselves. .But the amenities of the present con test induce the belief of a return to .- the good old arrangement if a certain side prevails : and even without this, . the inducement should be strong enough to. make all 'true and only patriots 'fight tooth and toenail. ? .The inducement is no less than the introduction of a new way to pay old i foots — an all-round composition with i' oat prejudice, of twelve shillings hi the pound. The value of the American silver dollar is now 60 cents, that is, three 'fths of its nommal value, or equal to 12s. in the £. And the great struggle on the one side is to make 'he nominal value legal tender — make ^2s. equal to a sovereign by Act of Parliament, — and on the other side to retain the currency of the country on a sound basis. It is war to the knife between the Silverites and Sound Money Men. Enthusiasm goes with ?he first, sense with the latter. It is ^so a fight between the West and the East, between tVip. mortffacors and tne' mortgagees. The farmers and settlers of the West are mortgaged up to their eyes to the monetary institu tions of the East; and with the prevailing low values of farm produce, !' is found impossible to pay the Merest. Mr. Bryan, the ' boy Wator,' tells his friends of the ' Prairies that if they make him Presi dent he will make 12s. equal' to a sovereign, which will render the pay ment of the interest a deal easier. J-his is -what Mr. Bryan means by Veiling humanity from cucifixion on a cross of gold. The prospect is as Ruling to the debtors as alarming -to Jae creditors. Twelve shillings in the pound is really enormously understating the ^eatened legal composition. The cuief plank of the Silverite platform I* the remonetization of silver on a ? x? to 1 basis. As the market price « sUver has kept slightly under 2s. It an °unce for a long tune, the real ^portion is somewhere about 34 to *- which will make the Silverite com position snmpwKovn o'u^,,t cv~ c,i 4« phv, ? What aebtor would not ^el enthusiastic at this price ? But those do? lm the sPeculition did not SU?-°Vhat alone fOT lifti'S the £notic off their feet. Coupled with e Propaganda of cheap payments, £r»0f, 'ly hostility to 'the *nbsh.' And the old ghost, sup I posed to have been finally laid /half a century ago, worked like a charm. Ml-. Bryan and his friends' have only to put it all on to the British, and the air is full of hats and the welkin rent with hurrahs. Somehow or other, it is the British capitalists, that accursed uomDard btreet, which insists on a | sovereign being worth twenty shillings. I Only for Lombard Street the world would be content to accept 9s., at the most 12s. in lieu of the standard gold coin. And the very idea that Lombard Street, as representative of the British nation, will suffer by doubling the value of silver (or halving the value of gold) gives zest to the enthusiasm, winning thousands over' who would J probably otherwise stand aloof. A writer in an English magazine endeavours to show that it will be the Americans, more especially the Silver ites themselves — the western farmers — who will suffer bv the triumnh nf then* propaganda, while Lombard street remains unaffected. That the American farmers will be the chief suf ferers is undoubted. Their present mad I crusade is the result of desperation at the fearfully low prices for farm produce. The triumph of the party will still further reduce prices by at least 50 per cent — for of course all the Acts of Congress in the world cannot raise silver an iota above its actual value as inexorably fixed by the law of supply and demand. This will be a disaster lor which the cheapening of interest on debts will be no adequate compensation ; and the silver gtate of the silverites will be worse than the J golden. At the same time ' Lombard Street,' as a big creditor, will suffer, But why draw the appreciating line at silver ? If all we have to do to manufacture legal tender is to place an arbitrary value on some commodity by Act of Parliament, why not choose the more accessible copper ? or, if that be not 'common enough, iron? best and most convenient of all, why not operate on paper ? 'Ay, why not ?' answers Mr. Bryan. And he is following the. argument up, or rather down. He is on the down grade and irnist follow. So it comes to pass that as the eve of battle draws near, silver is less in the mouth of the 'hoy orator,' and paper more. It only wanted another step to place him in the forefront of the 'advanced' legion, and that step he has at last taken. Mr. Bryan, the cable tells us,: 'is giving great prominence to Socialism, and is inciting the masses against the classes.' That is it. It had to come to that. The position of the ' boy orator ' is now logically correct. His nostrums might work in the Socialist Utopia, situated next door to the Paradise of Fools, but are as poison to the practical people of a workaday world. 