SCIENCE NOTES. MAGNETISM AND WATCHES. A watchmaker of repute baa affirmed that tho irregularity of the running of a watch carried In the waistcoat pocket de pends to a large extent upon the amount of magnetism lu the wearer's organisation. Here is an interesting study for some fad dist to take up: By reversing the process, and reducing it to a formula. It might be possible to ascertain tho amount of mag netism In ono's composition by the speed of his watch. A NEW SUN-DIAL. An ingenious American has Invented a novel contrivance, called a sunflower clock. He attaches a cornstalk, which serves as a pointer, to the drooping head of the flower, and as it dutifully turns its gaze upon the sun, tbe pointer moves along a dial; which is drawn round the plant, and marked off into hours, and thus indicates the time. One would almost expect to hear next that the contrivance can be utilised as a stop watch by holding an umbrella over the Ptent DISCOVERIES IN ri-TOTOGRAPHl. Apropos of recent discoveries in the pho tographic science, Mr. W. Inglis Rogers is said to have succeeded in obtaining genu ine photographs of Images impressed on the retina of the eye. The experimenters looked steadily at a postage stamp in strong light for one minute; and then transferred bis gaze to a photographic plate, in non- actlmic light, for 20 minutes. When the plate was developed it gave a picture in outline, to which tbe name of "psycbegrani has been given. On this subject— or a co- nrrtinfltfi nne— the "Pharmaceutical Journal suggests that photographs of psychic bodies or ghosts could easily be "faked" by means of the new process described in "The Daily Telegraph," and commonly called "opaque photography." It would appear, however, that the use of the apparatus necessary to the production of a J'faked" spirit photo graph would be entirely different from that required to produce an ordinary photo. Its use would at once destroy any illusion. ACETYLENE GAS BURNERS. Mr. Thomas Nelll, B.A., stated recently at the Dublin Mechanical Institute, in re gard to acetylene gas, that there are difli- culties still to be overcome in getting bur ners which will' give a sufficient supply of air for the combustion of the gas. When these are surmounted, he says, that acety lene gas, which can readily be made for 6d per 1000 cubic feet, will do away with the necessity for laying mains and building works on the present system. Every house holder will have his own gasworks on the premises. He has but to turn the water tap on the retort when he wants gas. The lecturer claims that every country house and every house above the rank of a cabin could be lighted by this gas. SOUND VERSUS ELECTRICITY. A curious circumstance, says "Invention," illustrating the difference in speed between sound, which travels through the air, and electricity, through wire as its guide and conductor, occurred in California. A cer tain powder works blew, up in a town while a railway telegraph operator was telegraphing to another In a neighboring town. At tbe instant of tbe occurrence he telegraphed the news to the operator, who, CO seconds afterwards, heard the report of the explosion. He knew It liad occurred by wire just one minute before he heard the report. Sound traveU at about the rate of 1140ft. per second, while electricity accomplished 18G,Q00 miles in the same short period of time. TELEGRAPHING EXTRAORDI NARY. . Patrick B. Delaney, a New York tele graph operator and electrician, it is said, has invented a system whereby he claims ue can BK1JU AH WUIUS a. ujiuuib — single wire. This was accomplished in a recent test at Columbia College. The strength of the current was a little over 100 volts. Mr. Delaney claims that with a higher voltage messages can bo sent at an even greater speed, and for any length of time. The letters are represented by boles punctured in the tape. One wire by this system can be made to carry messages as fast as 50 or more perforating operators can prepare tapes for the transmission. It was calculated that with a basis of 800 words a minute, 32,914 messages of 75 words each could he sent on a single wire from New York to Chicago in one day. RAILWAY CARl LIGHTING. The lighting of individual railway cars by electricity is brought nearer a consum mation by an invention now being intro duced In London. Of course, It has been practicable for years on trains that are never divided. Under the new system the electric generator and a storage battery are placed under the floor of the car, taking up no useful space. The dynamo Is driven hy a belt from a pulley on the car axle, and is so arranged that a train speed of 15 or 20 miles an hour gives sufficient current to light the car, while any increase beyond this current and the small surplus neces sary to charge the storage battery ts pre vented by the slipping of the belt. As the train speed Halls below that required to enable the dynamo to feed the lamps, an automatic switch turns on the current of the storage battery. The variation In the Intensity of the light supplied Is said to be surprisingly small, the dynamo and switch are so carefully protected from dust as to suffer little wear and to need little atten tion, and the extra load on the locomotive does not exceed half-horse power per -ar. CURIOUS PATENT' APPLICATION. Perhaps one of the most amusing patents ever granted (says the "Scientific Ameri can") was Issued on the claim of an Ohio man in 1883. He evidently had not lived a great length of time on a farm, for his In vention of a new corn-planter, while ori ginal to an extreme degree, could hardly he put into use. The picture accompanying the patent Is a work of art. It represents an old horse driven by a stout man, who holds the lines nonchalantly In one hand, an expression of much pleasure on his face, while at his side trudges a small hairy dog of the yellow variety. To ' the horse's fore legs, just above the fetlocks, are attached two small boxes to contain the feed. Ropes are fastened to catches in the sides of these boxes and lead through pulleys attached to a small saddle over the horse's shoulder and back to the horse's hind legs. As the horse moved forward each step of the hind leg opened the seed boxes, and corn was sifted down Into the holes made hy the front hoofs. ANALYSIS OF SUNLIGHT. A marvellously delicate machine is one in the laboratory of John Hopkins Uni versity at Baltimore,' Maryland, U.S.A., ac cording to a scientific authority. It is the only machine of Its kind, and is used for ruling lines on a polished piece of motal, to form what Is called a "grating." This "grating" is used for dividing Into Its com ponent parts a ray of sunlight. The ma chine was devised by Professor H. A. Row land. of the John Hopkins University, and was constructed by Theodore C. Schneider, the machinist of the University. It has been found in analysing sunlight that the larger the number of lines to tho inch on tho grating the better the result, and Pro fessor Rowland's apparatus has broken all records In this respect. He claims that If he could procure a diamond which would stand the wear, he could with this machine rule one million lines to the Inch. As it is, however, he now rules with his diamond point 15,000, 49,000, or 125,000 lines to the square Inch. The machine is looked upon with tho greatest interest hy many of the greatest of the world's sclonLIsts, among them Lord Kelvin, the Earl of Rosse, Lord Rayloigh, Sir Robert Ball, and Professor Mascart, of Paris. 