LECTURE ON JAPAN. A GLIMPSE OF MR. PARSOXS'S TRIJ*. CR1TJC1SM OF THE PREMIERS' CONFERENCE. Tho members of tho Adelaide. Branch of tho Australian Natives' Association, held in the Caf- de Francais on Monday eveniug, March 23, were favomed with a lectm-o by tho Hon. .1. L. 1'a.rs'jus 011 Japau. Tins is tlio fir&c; lecture on the laud of the Mikado that MY. Parsons has delivered sim-c hia return from tho l'ar East, whither he recently went in tin; interests of Australian trade. Tlie attendance was unusually large, including many ladies, ami Mr. \V. G. Auld presided^ Mr. Pau-joxs opened with a very graphic description of the physical scenery of Japan in its broad outlines. Then with powerful eloquence and effect he presented mental kodak snapshots (as ho called them) of characteristic striking iwiuto, begin ning witli shrines', temples, aud touil-. ConM'derablo laughter w:is created by Ins remarks ^conceruiug the babies. Jarian had 1h.'l-ii called tho paradise of babies, and a pojiu lous jiaradise it was. Nearly ever}' woman lietween eighteen and thirty-five, vrns to bo seen with a liaby. Ijabics were one of the chief products of tho country. They wero dandled :md fondled and never whipped or scolded it secinod. Word pictures of tlnj teeiiiiiic: life of tlio streets were piyen. Tlio girls wero always pititr, neat, uiiinty, and graceful, c!e*in and wliole- jome looking. Not all, however, weropietty, although some worn beautiful enough to please tho must fastidious. The, .lapauese, he observed, wero educating tlicmsvlvL-s for entering the great cumity of uatious, and yet if tho late conference of Aus tralian Premiers were to have its way theru v.-as to 1« no truilo or truck Im'Uvccu Austnilisv and J np.111, utid the educated .r«panc-se wore t - ? l-e trcaU-d like Chinew eo*.ilii-, kanakas, ami Ixiscars. Litter he spoke of the great i«:rvm:'.l inu'rest tlie Manjuis lto iii-iuifcsu.-d in Aus tralian aff:iirs. Jle alluded to tho interview he had with the Premier of .lajwn, and said ho was grieved and indignant that this nobleman — one of the foremost statesmen of this or any other time— -should read in a South Australian paper that at -i t-oufcreuL-o of Australian Premiers h« and his country men weixs taid to !*? equally -ilij«i:- tionablc with Chine.'''* ---o--lki-. lnscars, ami Icanakas. This, ho said, was bad diplomacy, bad iii:ui7iei'5i, and a bad mistake. '(Cheers.) Mr. J 'arsons delineated tho character nf tho people, and dewvilied their grwit and varietl occupations. Who were the Australians, hu shcmul lilfc to know, that they should object to the Japanese* We ourselves camo oripinaily fnjm Asia, -ind ho IiojxmI iluavun^wouIuMnito our silly aud vulgar self-conceit iu talking nlxjut the inferior Asiatic races as wo die!. (Laughter and applause.) After extolling tho mural character of the Japs and speaking of their commercial dealings, the lecturer gave the testimony of an authority to their iv haviour in the lato war. Their discipline »us admirable, their obedience unquestioned, their courage uudaunted. Their soldiers attempted anything at tha. word of command, and at Wei Wei Japanese wero frozen to death at their posts. Their industry was marvellous. In every walk of industry t!» Japanese could imitate, ituprovc, and invent. *lt was his duggod, per sistent, patient applicatiou aud eontinuiuicu that made tho Jap a most formidable competi tor. The Japanese were good-tempered aud merry. Their cupiicity for enjoyment was un limited. They worked like Xrojaus aud en joyed thomselvcs like Greeks. At some length tho Parliamentary institutions and parties were outlined in Mr. Parsons's eloquent, racy, and charming nuinner. Tlic latter part of liis address was devoted to the commercial treaties with Japan. He should like to know what mado South Australians or Australians think they were so very superior to the rest »-f tho civilized world, or that wo shouM givu oureelves haughty airs and usn otlonsivo language to a great freo civilized nation, judged Jit to be associates with Europ-«ins and Americans? Could we afford for tho bogey of a Japanese invasion, or the ghost nf cowardice about Japanese competition, or for the stupid narrowminded parochial cry nf 'Australia for the Australians,' to shut our selves off and out of the largest and safest market for our produce that had been discovered in modern times? (Cheers.) What ho complained of was that in a most cavalier, high and mighty, und contemptuous manner tho Premiers' Conference practically without discusinon refused tho Japanese treaty. They might hare at least been civil and diplomatic, especially as they were self 'appoiuted. (Laughter.) They might have at least communicated with the -1 ajianese Govern ment throujrh the proper otlicial channel, to bave mado enquiries, and to have offered suggestions, or to have mado proposals, but for three Premiers and four Cabinet Ministers, s-»lf-appointed — (loud laughter) — to vir tiially throw tho treaty into their wiste-paper basket was au amazing effrontery, an uupartlonable impertinence, an unwarranted assumption of authority, and n pross diplo matic blunder. (Cheers.) Nothing equal to it ha-\ hapiK-uitl sine*; the threo tailors of Toolcy strict issued thf-ir cvlebntted manifesto— Wo, tlicpcciplenf England. (Loud laughter.) It was for tiiO i-lectors of South Australia to ex - ?ire.-*.; their will and for tho now Parliament to detuc'ii thf*! ihsue. (Chwrs.) Mr. Parsons i-lc*--;d with a i-croration on the destiuics of the Ka.-tirr. nation. On the uiotion of Mr. W. BlCKFORr***, soconced by Mr. E. S. 1Ivche-, the large au«i thorouzlily appreciative R'ldier.ce accorded » hi-arty vote of thanks to Mr. Pardons for hi3 esceed.ngly interesting and instructive lecture. If ?7 