THE DUKE OF ATHOL. Tub Blood of Blaib Atuol. BIORY OF A BTOLEJf BAOINO 8XALLIOS, (By " Delawaiie " is Si/iliicy Truth.) i You follows rido protty good stook- horBOB out horo | I supposo you havo A good Biro in fit tho hood fltntion ? ' No, sonny, thoy'ro " brumbyB," ovory motuor s sou ui i Brumbys !' Ioohood. ' Brumbys I well, that's a good ono.' SVoll, I toll yor tboy aro, Eyory horso wo rido out horo wo runs in out of tho brumbys.' Tho oponkor wno a tall, wiry Mao- q-jario ltivor nativo, who had put in years of back country stook-riding. Ho oould l'i'lo anything that ovor stood on four logs, n fairly woU, fight somo, and wiiefi on fbo sproo hold as much bnok-blook run! n ono his woigut ami lucnos for m,. around. 1 1 supposo,' ho said, 'you wouldn't boliovo that thoro iB an imported Eng lish stallion, and a son of tho groat Blair Atliol, too, running among tho brumbio8 out horo, yos, sonny, tho Duko of Athol was stolon from Mr. Tindall's in Mudgoo way, was lost near horo by tho chaps wot ' shook ' him. ' You soo, it was liko this, ho wont on,' ' one of tho Dangar'e bought tho Duko of Athol, a vaarliug, in England. X think ho gavo £2000 for him, Ho bought Haivthorndou nud Oaptivator, 'besides somo thoroughbrod fillios at the same timo. WoU, ho sonds tho wholo biling of 'om out to this country in a sailing vossol, and shortly oftor ho shipped thorn ho goos and shoots him self and out his tliroator soinothiug, so whon tho liorsos arrived in Sydnoy thoy was putup to miction and sold, and Mr. Tindall buys Duko of Atbul, tho plok of tho basket, and takos him up to his plaoo nonr Bylong. Somo of the 'boys' spotted him. So thoy gots a young horso tlio samo colour and marked liko tho Duko, ohostnut, four hito logs, whito face, silrorish mauo and f ail, and a couploof tlio gang goos to Tinda''8 p'aco nnd shakos tho Duko. Whon Tinduu'8 pnoplo miss tho colt thoy pioko up tho track nnd folloro thorn into tho WarruinbdSKloBm'B08, when thoy oamo across tho ujdy of what thoy think is thoir own liorsC killod, and partly burnt. Thoy put it down to rovongo on tlio part of sumo of Mr. Tindall's onomios, nnd offoro a big roivnrd for tho ohaps wot Icillud him and ull that. But in tho moan timo tho Duko was on his way down tho Marthaguy travolling nt night, and only etoppiug ut irieiula places. At last thoy got him noross tlio Bnrwon a nd stayou a wook or two nt a saouru spot Cn I'10 Bokhira, whoro tho oolt oovorod to"00 w0" l)rcI mares belinig- ing to a frionu--"10! worou,t 'u "10 Stud Book but thoy woroiurs biod for all that. I knew their tirct ami (hint ir ell. Aftor a timo tho colt was got snfoly noross tho Warrogo. Thoro wasn't any of thorn hlastod wiro foaoes in thoso dnys, you oould go across tho country whorovor you likod. ' Tho ' boys ' woro making for Coopor'o Orook, wlioro thoy had a bit of country nnd somo nioo maros. Bat tho day aftor thoy loft Kerrigan's, on 1 tlio Warrogo, thoy lost tho oolt nmong tho brumbys, and novor laid linud on him sinco. But ho'o horo; I'vo soon him dozens of timos, nnd had many a lit, aftor him. hut not a etockhorso in tho country or a rncohoreo oithor can got within coooo of him — hut I'll havo him yot if I dlo for it.' I was muoh improssod with this story, and it struok mo my long friond know moro about tho stealing of tho Duko of Athol than ho carod to toll. Tho soquol of this story camo a fow wooks nftor. Warrogo Jaok, as my wiry friond was nioknamod, and I woro sont out towards Yantabulla aftor somo quiet horses that had strayod in that dirootion. Aftor riding all day without coming across Ihn 1sA«aM Wfl rtftmnrtfl of. ft fllftV TkATI. nonr tho odgo of a plain, in a bit_ of mulga. Altor euppor wo woro having a good smoko and a yarn, whon wo woro stnrtod by a brumby's whistlo. It whs a beautiful' moonlight night. Wo saw a magnificent horBO with a whito faco ana four whito logs more majostically noross tho hit of plain to wards our horsos, that woro foeding noar by. My mato graBpod mo by tho arm, his faco as whito as a ghost.' ' My God,' ho oxolaimod,' ' tho Duko of Athol?' I said, ' Aro you sure?' i Suro.' ho ropliod, ' suro 1 I would know his skin on a bush ovon if ho had boon dead a yoar. Tho Duko oamo towards our Horsos, carrying himsolf liko a king, Ho passod within SO yards of mo. I novor saw a grander animal. As ho wns passing noar us my companion oriod out as if in pain. Tho Duko doublod baok and disappoarod into tho timber liko a flash. I turnod to my mato, who was lying on tho ground groan- ing. I liftod him up and said to him, 1 Why woro you so oxcitod whon you saw that horso ?' iTZvnifnd ' bo answered. 1 mv bov. if you had gono through as muoh ao I havo ovor that horso you would bo oxoitod, Of couroo you don't know that I was ono of tho ohapo that collarod Tho Duko.' Aftor a whilo ho continued : 1 Mo and Midnight, Long Bob, and Goorgo It - woro in it. Mo and Midnjght took tho Duko and smokod him right tjtrougu MJM1U ITUnugV, WW """ him. Midnight was shot n fow yonra nftorwnrds, nonr whoro wo aro now, by two oonpors nnmod Oarlinand King. Long Bob is ou'tlawod perhaps dond. Goorgo It ran away with old M — 's daughter, Mary, and has turnod square, ho'o living insido (coast district) somowhoro ; and horo I am, working yoar in and yoar out for old hungry — -. Whon I oafohos sight of tho Duke, somotimos its over this way, somotimos it's 40 milo away towards Eulo, 1 gammons to go to Ounnamulla now and thonfor a sproo, but I don't until I havo a try to got tho Duko, I'vo ohasod him scoros of tlmos on good horoos, horsoB pood onough to win tho Bourko Handioap, hut tho Duko loavos 'om bohind as if thoy woro draught horsos ; but I'll got him yot, or leavo my honos on thoso cursed plains, and if ovor I got oloso on to him, I'll lasso him.' Thon my strango companion pullod his saddlo pouch "off, and Miowodmo a lovoly platted lairiot insido. 'I might stalk him yot,' ho sail. ' And if you got him,' I asked, ' what will you do with him ?' ' I know a plaoo loft to tako him to,' ho ropliod. Thon ho booamo ojjont, and I rolled myself in my blankot and triod to sloop. Warrogo Jack sat up ovor tho liro until daylight. Ho brought the hsaana iin nn nftnw n anflnli Hfl atnptnil i)dC,c Cm 8tat'0u- Noxt day Jaok oloarod ouJ for OunnamuUa to ' got a fow things.'- Six wooks nftor a man nnu borso woro found doad in a hit of eorub aJ?ut thirty miloa wost of tho Warrogo. Tho horso had its nook brokon, and tho man's skull was smashod in. Tho horso had evidently fallen, hilling his ridor and himsolf. Tho ridor was poor Warrogo Jaok. 