Ylcwef&u; e o n [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] The Verdict Was--? y a i A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND s CHAPTER XVIII.—(CONTINUED.) By Harold M. Mackenzie, Author of "The Squatter's Daughter.'* s g As the crow riios wo are about a mile from Rappoe, but by tho road about half a mile more. How the horse and rider came to the creek behind us is a myBtery, for by daylight the track's hard enough to follow. In any case, there the matter stands ; they got right there." The sergeant stood deep in thought for a few inimrtes, revolving in his mind • his extraordinary circumstance which like many other matters of a like character puzzled him considerably. " Well, we'd better retrace our steps, Tulloch, and make a minute examination of tho track we've just loft." The troopers once more turned in the direction from whence they camo, picking their way can-fully over tlie treacherous ground which from long neglect of tratlio had become thickly overgrown with a perfect bower of prickly creepers and oilier noxious plants. Tho sergeant had had much experience in cases of a mysterious nature, requiring all the acumen of a mind trained to tho business, yet here was one which altogether seemed without the natural data to go upon." "I cannot dispel the idea from my mind, Tulloch. that Liscumbe was carried to that tree where the Chinamen found him ; for it seeni3 to me almost a moral impossibility that his horse could have brought him to the place where we are now." " In which case, I may presume, you give no credence to the accident theory, h thinking possibly it may have been a case of suicide." '' More likely one of murder," rejoined Popham, regarding Tulloch with a look of determination in his face. "Then what has becomo of tho horso? Surely some signs would.have shown themselves before this. A horse is a more inconvenient article to dispose of than a man." " Yes, that's true enough, more especially a well-bred quad, like he rode. That kind of horso would bo noticed anywhore in "the colony and suspicion would naturally rest with the present owner. No ; I must confess that if it has been a case of foul play tho perpetrator has made a very complete job of it. The idea of making it look like an accident has been very successful. There has been no attempt to conceal anything and from what you've told mo the position of the body looked as if the head had come in violent contact with the tree. Is that not so ?" Tulloch nodded assent, though he was very careful not to launch out into a discussion in which he knew that his fellowofficer, from the way he had of putting questions, might make him contradict himself. Tulloch was young in years compared fco Popham, and with the natural impetuosity of youth too ready to form hasty conclusions. Latterly, however, under BUCII an experienced band as Popham he was learning to keep a careful guard on his tongue which above all things was moat necessary in the career he had chosen. They had arrived at the summit of the decline which led steeply to tha bank of the creek, delaying for a tint* to make a careful survey of the place. " No imprints of hoofa would show on this ground," remarked Popham, looking down at the interwoven mass of undergrowth. '' If there's been a struggle of any kind there would be no chance of seeing where H occurred. The horse may or may not have oome as far as this. What do you think V Tullooh thought before speaking then offered a suggestion. "The horse may have taken fright, trod in a hole or something else, pitched hia rider where the Chinamen found him and, unable to stop himself, floundered into tho Btream and been seized by alligators." " Good enough for a three volume novel," replied Popham, laughingly. •'Just measure the track where we are now, for we must be ready to answer all questions at the inquest." The young trooper took the measure, giving Popham one end of it whilst he spanned the glade with the tape-line. " What do you make it?" " Exactly two yards and a quarter." " Well, that doesn't sound much anyhow." Tulloch then wound the line in and replaced it in hia pocket. "It's a cursed awkward place this to find anything, even supposing there was a clue kicking about." The ferns and rank grasses grew in riotous profusion owing to tha roof of branches which sheltered them from the Vigorous sunrays. 5Che ground which nourished tbeaa wu r f d e r a oool and moist to tho touch oven when ! the sun was warmest. { The many piping birdu lovccl this secluded home, darting in and out the olivo and emerald foliage with plumage RM g\y and dazzling as had all tho colors of a silk factory been scattered through tho forest. It was a world of bright sunshine without, and those corners within where the light st^lt, not seomod almost black by comparison. "There's nothing more to be done here, I fancy, and to apeak the truth I am considerably disappointed ; we'll yot back to tho boat." Tho sergeant thence moved on in the direction indicated, but had not proceeded far* when his eye was suddenly attracted by an object glittering in the Bunphino not many feat from where he stood. " llulloa I We're on something at last "—stooping to pick it up—" a little more and I should have passed you altogether, my friend," addressing a handsomely chased silver huntiug-tlask which he examined closely. " 1 declare, there's a small drop of mountain dew still in it!" lie poured the contents into a cup attached. " We'll have a drink on it, anyway, and good luck to us." He handed Tulloch a portion of tho spirit which ho put to his lips. "Good gracious! man, what's the matter V" seeing that Tulloch pulled a wry faca and spat the contents on the ground. Matter ? w'; J &t;%v.« i a nough of It wouW kill use strait j r ff. I haven't lived all these years ' ot to know the taste of drugged d -ijuor." Sergeant Popham at this remark e pplied his nostrils to tho stopper, which mmediately convinced him that all was a was not right." "Ah! ha! poison in the cup, eh? This looks uncommon queer, to say the least of it. A lucky thing we've got ome left for analysis. A stranger thing till," ho continued, " the initiuls enraved on thisarticlo resemble very much " S.l\" What is your opinion ?" Tulloch took the flask and esamined the letters in question, which left no room for doubt in his mind that they were as stated. As he handed it back a knowing look overspread his features, which the sergeant was not slow in reading. 4 4 This can bo the property of no less a person than our worthy young lord yonder," remarked Popham. " Yes, that belongs to or did belong to Sybil Prcscott, and as far as I know he wasn't in tho habit of making expensive presents to Liscombe." The sergeant laughed to himself. *' Neither expensive nor inexpensive. Tho only sort of present Liscombe might have receivod would havo been a black eyo. i daresay ho got that." The sergeant was now beginning to be more interested since tho unoarthing of this important link in tho chain of evidence which might load to other and more important, results." " Thore'll luvo to be an exhumation of the remains in order to nee if there are any traces of poisoning in the stomach," said Popham. " That'll bo another j for Brook, and not a pleasant one either. No one guessed of such a thing an poisoning or attempted poisoning. This case promises some rather interesting fea tures, and looks very black against l'res cotb. He'll havo to give a clear account of how Liscombe came to bo in possession of this flask full of drugged whisky. Of course, circumstances may have occurred by which Ijiscombo was tho rightful ownyr of the article but as we havo said before it is not likely that Pre&cott; made im a present of it." " Ho might have done so," remarked Tulloch, "when it contained poison." "That, my friend, we'll prove, or l'tn a Dutchman. A man who's drugged might certainly have an inclination to dash his brains out against a tree, and whether Maurice Liscombe'H death has been that of his own doing <>r tho work of another this vile compound is indirectly tho cause." " Even the drop which I swallowed has mado mo foel quite queer," said Tulloch. ' Queensland liquor's got a bad name, but I'm hanged if you can beat that by much." / The young oflicer cast a look of disgust at the flask and a tremor went through his body. ' And now, lad, we'll get home as soon as we can," said Popham, carefully secreting tho flash about his person. They had reached the memorable tree whero the Chinese had made their discovery in order to nmke a thorough examination of this giant of the forest. The Celestials were lying fast, asleep in tho bottom of tho craft, dreaming perchance of their early 1 return to tho Flowery Land, rich in this world's goods. " Hi there ! you lazy dogs ; wake up. Wo do all the work while you sleep and dream." In an instant the grinning, sleepylooking creatures had sprung to their oars and were once more ready for tho eturn journey. "Ourday, after all, has been successul," said Tulloch, as they were sculled own the silent igarape and once more merged on to the broad, fast-flowing all golden-hued in »:he red light of setting aun F o m c a l Nof a word, remember," said the v sergeant, when the boat had reached Thornton. The public, however, was soon astir when it learned of the officers' return, but gleaned not a word of what had taken place. c CHAPTER XIX. A MWNIO.HT VISITOR. Immediately on the return of the police officers tf> Thornton Sergeant Popham lost no time in making h ; s way to the residence of Dr. Brook in order to hand over the flask and its contents. The small cottage was situated about a quarter of a mile from the police barracks on tho Townsville road, surrounded by a pretty garden which was the especial care of Dr. Brook. "Nothing like exercise for the muscles ; and digging is the best way to develop them," ho would say when an acquaintance passed and saw him with shirtsleeves rolled to the elbow. It was almost dark when Sergeant Popham arrived at the small wicket-gate and found Dr. Brook turning over the black soil. " Ah, doctor ! Hard at it, as usual, 1 see." The jovial doctor immediately saluted him with a hearty "How are you, sergeant? Come in and make yourself at home. Anything fresh on the wing '<"' The police officer did as he was bid, and there being little daylight left the doctor threw down his spade and piuintorod on to the verandah with Popham. " This is an unexpected pleasure, sergeant. In the first pluco, you look very dry, and 1 muat confess that my own throat resembles a lime-kiln more than anything else, so let us h;ive some claret and long sodas." Tho invitation sounded cool and refreshing to the senses, more especially when, as everybody know, Dr. Brook kept imported claret and that good of its sort. " I'll have none of that confounded Colonial rubbish. It's all very well people saying that you get to like it in time, but for my part 1 never could. Too new and heady, sir. Too new and heady." And as the worthy man uttered these words he lot down a canvas bag from the rafters of the verandah. " Now I'll be bound you'll get no better wine than this either in or out of the colony." lie then proceeded to lift from the cool water a bottle of choice claret known as the Chateau Margaux. The sergeant looked on, and would have preferred whisky if he had had his choice, but he knew that the doctor eschewed spirits in the Queensland cli mate as he would poison. "Now for aoine soda-water and a cigar apieco, and we'll hear what you've got to say, Popham The news which tho latter was about to impart to Dr. Brook was of so private fcftAtaeU* thai fee tvrrcad instinctively ousift ieKt anyotus toigui be listening "We're perfectly safe from eavesroppers, I hope ?" asked Popham " Yes, my dear sir ; not a soul within ar-shot except my aged and muchrespected housekeeper, whose as deaf as poBt, poor thing."- The sergeant then went into details of the day's doings, which Dr. Brook followed with great interest, more especially when the circumstances in connection with the finding of Prescott's flask were narrated. " So that's tho article, is it?" said the doctor, examining tho beautifully-chased work and snifling at the contents. "I can't say what may be in it, but certainly it hasn't the bouquet of a good genuine whisky. However, in this part of the world that's nothing new. ' Were all liquors unadulterated, we might congratulate ourselves that the millennium had arrived. "And," put in Popham, "less work for the doctors, eh V' " Quite so ; our occupation in a measure would be gone. Why, half the hospitals are kept open by the sale of poisonous liquors. I've about half-a-dozen cases of delirium tremens in our own small one here. I maintain that hot as this climate is, if people only confined themselves to light wines or, better still, wholesome temperance drinks,they would be as healthy in North Queensland as in any other part of the world." Tho doctor after this took a long draught of the claret-and-soda which stood in the socket of his cane- lounge, thinking it was well ho had included light wines in the list of harmless beverages. " But this is straying from the question. You require mo to make a careful analysis of the liquor and should any traces of a noxious character be found, to produce a written statement and hand it over, "That's the nature of tho business," answered Popham. And, furthermore, should any poison bo discovered, to order an exhumation of Lisconibo's remains and make an examination of the stomach." "Quito so; the only examination I have yet made baa been of the skull, and as far as it goes there is nothing to show t w s how the fracture wa3 made. It might havo been caused by a blow from a stick, or else have been the result of accident, pure and simple, such as a fall from a liorse. In any case, if there are traces of poison in the whisky I will immediately make a thorough examination of the stomach." " It looks tishy," said the sergeant, " the llask having Prescott's monogram on it, and I'm afraid will go very much against him The sergeant talked to the doctor unre straincdly, knowing that whatever passed between them would bo kept iu strict secrecy. "You are hard at work getting together all the evidence in your power, I suppose ?" " Yes, and a pretty business it is. At best we have only evidence of a purely circumstantial nature and that scarcely enough to arrest anyone upon "I'll have to look alive," said the doctor, " in order to get mine ready by tho lSth. What is your opinion about Prcscott V The sergeant for a moment hardly liked to make reply to such an outspoken question, stroking his moustache and gazing into space as was his custom whenever anything of a perplexing character cropped up. After a moment he made reply : " Well, doctor, either that he is the most cunning and designing scoundrel, or else innocent of the basest, crime that man can be charged with. '' " lle'm ! that doesn't tell me much. or my part, I've always had the highest pinion of Prcscott, and cannot see what otive there was for getting rid of Lis ombe. It's clear that they agreed about s well as a keg of gunpowder and ighted match, but. still there must be ery broad line between bearing aui mosit.y against a man and doing away with him. No, I can't believe that Prcsott is the slayer of the Manager of Rappoe. 'Remember," said Popham, "there were £?>r>00 at stake. A man don't care about parting with that when he thinks lie can see his way clear to retaining it." "Mercenary motives, I am aware, have a good deal to do with the taking of men's lives. In fact, iu nine cases out of ten, murders result from that and that alone. But to tell me that Prescott did away with Liscombe over a money ti'anE action is more than I can credit." " Well, doctor, how do you reconcile that idea in your mind with those documents which were found in Liscombe s saddle-pouch ? It appears to me that our young friend had a double reason for disposing of the manager, though when all's said and done Liscombe was as bad as Prescott, if the death of Dtigdalc rests.on the latter's shoulders. He can only be proceeded against on one charge at a time, and to a certainty the question of how Dugtlale met his death cannot be answered satisfactory. What we have to prove is whether in view of past circumstances there existed any reason in his mind for killing Liscombe." Gveat as the impartiality of British justice may appear in giving prisoners the benefit of a doubt, there very often appears amongst the detective forco an undue and over-anxious desire W find someone guilty. h n M t h o Detectives, like most other members of a community, have to make their daily bread and at times this necessary commodity is hardly earned, and often too at the risk of their own lives. Still the fact must remain that in many cases their errors of judgment are unpardonable when a man is arrested on a charge of which he is wholly innocent. In their endeavors to earn for themselves praise of the world, handsome remuneration and speedy promotion, there is a tendency to overshoot the mark. Sergeant Popham had had many successful coups, aud in this particular instance comforted himself in the belief that he knew where to lay hands on the right person. It was past eleven o'clock when Popham rose to take his departure. " To-morrow, then, you'll set to work, doctor, and I hope furnish UB with Bome valuable information.'' After this the trooper sauntered through the trim little garden with its wealth of flowering shrub?, and plants, sending forth their aromatic fragrance on the still night air. The quiet highway whi:<i led through thickly-grown clumps of pandauus palms and bamboos, looked dreary enough as he tramped along, sending up the fine white dust which lay ankle-deep on the roadway. The sound of hiB foot-fall on the solid hardwood rafters of the bridge which spanned the rivor alone broke the calm repose of the small town. Tho night was close and almost stifling in its character within doors, BO much so w c s t d b s l hat Popham resolved not to retire forth knowing full well that little or no would come to refresh him. t He according filled himself a pipe of tobacco and stretched himself in a ham mock which occupied a corner of the verandah. He went over again in his mind the events of the day which he felt sure were about to throw strong light on the nature of Maurice Liscombe's death. If there were traces of poison in the liquor—of which he had not the least doubt—the question must be answered " Who was to blame ? ' There could be little doubt either that the flask which bore Sybil's monogram was not Liscombe's property. It was midnight. The palms and bamboos were stirred by a gentle breeze which ruffled their feathery tops, the flapping wings of some flying-fox as it darted through space might be heard, or the mournful cry of a jungle-fowl piping until the eastern light would appear. The sergeant was as thoroughly practical in character as a man could well be No superstitious fancies ever found their way into his clear and far-seeing mind though his home in tho old country had been associated with all manner of blood curdling legends handed down from gene ration to generation and believed in to the letter by the old villagers who were as ignorant as people generally are—born bred and dying in one spot. I daresay I should have grown up ex actly the same, bad I stayed there," he said to himself, his thoughts travelling back to the old Lancashire village k Romance is all very well, but when man's starving there's devilish little ro mance in him. And that's been my ex perience before now, and in Australia too, where they say a man can't starve if he's willing to work. Talk of supersti tion in the old country. It's simply ignorance of the lowest order. Put some of my old chums in the bush for a year or so and they'll soon get all that nonsense knocked out of them." What had led the sergeant into this train of thought, which seldom occurred waB more than he himself could have said. " My God 1 there 8 a ghost !" he sud denly exclaimed, jumping out of the ham mock and gazing steadily at an appari tion which stood motionless at the garden gate " Am I dreaming ? No, sure enough I'm awake." The sergeant gave himself a pinch in order to make certain. At first the sudden appearance of such sight somewhat startled him, but another instant he walked quickly down in the direction of his nocturnal ' visitor. " By heavens, it's Lucy!" he said, beginning to recognise the well-known fea» tures of the popular bar- maid. " What on earth can she be doing at this time of night, and alone, too ?" He was right. The figure before him was Lucy Gullem, clad in naught else but her robe de nuit, and her long raven treses falling in wavy masses about her shoulders and neck. Her eyes were wide open, large, lustrous and black, yet there seemed no whit of expression there. She was asleep—as sound asleep as if she had never stirred from her bed. What the devil Bhall I do with her ?" the sergeant asked himself, gazing at this Lady Macbeth-1 ike visitor. To awaken her he was determined not to, having heard that Buch a thing might prove fatal, more especially when lie knew the highly nervous state of this girl's temperament. It was the first time in his life that he had ever been confronted by such a sight, and hoped it would be the last. ' Well, it's no use standing looking at er all night, though she is nice. I've ever before seen her look so fetching. y word, how the boys would laugh if hey only knew of this. Lucy at my ouse at this hour!" The sergeant smiled at the bare idea such a thing and congratulated himself on the fact that there was no eye witness of the scene. ' No one shall hear of it, I'm determined, and so the sooner I can get her back to bed the better. Good evening, Lucy, will you give me a whisky and bitters, please 1" The sergeant thought this a good way of opening the conversation, being about the most natural question he coijla have asked. The girl neither moved nor spoke, but only gazed Bteadily before her. « I can't stand this much longer. Per-' haps she'll come inside if I ask her. Won't you rest yourself a moment; the afternoon is warm ?" Thank you, if you'll keep secret what I'm about to say." Popham took her hand in his and led her up to the verandah. 1 won't come any further," she remarked ; " I'm pressed for time. In fact, it's past ten now. but I had to come. I could not rest till I told you." " Calm yourself, Lucy, and tell me all. You may rely upon me keeping everything to myself." "Ahl sergeant, in you, perhaps, I have my one and only friend. People may call themselves my friends, but I know better. Can a bar-maid be a friend of anyone's ? Look what she has to s go through, the people she must smile at and pretend to like. Ah! the whole thing is simply a*burlesque from beginning to end. But in you, sergeant, I know that I pan put my trust," The girl pat ®ut her hand, glittering J ith many precious stones of a doubtful | haracter, which Popham held gently. " And now for my story. I oouldn't leep to-night when I went to bed, with his dreadful weight on my mind, so ressed myself and came up hero." The sergeant gazed down at the emroidered robe of tke somnambulist and miled at the idea. " I knew that the body of Maurice Lfscombe would be found sooner or ater. ' Murder will out' is a true saying, and has proved BO in this caBe. I have come here to give you some strong evidence which will bring that man to justice." " Who is that man?" Lucy at this question went off into a high-pitched scream of laughter, demoniacal and unnatural in sound. "How can you ask that question?" she said when she had recovered her composure. " Why, Sybil Prescott is Liscombe's murderer. Oh ! don't look surprised. The word* sounds harsh enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's true. Aye, as true as ever a thing was in this life." The sergeant heeded not the statement made by the woman in her present state, yet withal there was an irresistible fascination to listen to all she had to say. 4 4 To bring Sybil Prescott to justice is my purpose. Those documents which tell so much against him are as nothing beside what I have seen with my own eyes. J know their uontents, but how I know them don't ask me. There waB a flask belonging to Prescott which, if it were recovered, weuld prove something he might not like. That flask was given to Liscombe the night when he rode to his death." " What did it contain ?" asked the sergeant. " It contained poison. Sybil Prescott has poisoned that man. I know it. Ah ! a woman was not given her reasoning for nothing. I told Maurice of this—told him to pour every drop of it away, as something said within me all was not right. I heard someone in the bar this evening talking about drugged liquor, so perhaps people may know more about the matter than we suppose. Why should Prescott give that man who now lies in his grave a flask of whisky to drink ? A thing that he has never in his life done before. The reason iB not hard to guess. You know as much as I do about both of them. I will say no more. Know this, sergeant, that the blood of Liscombe is on that young man's handB. Arrest him without delay and give him his deserts." Lucy by this time had wound herself up to an unnatural pitch of excitement, so much so that Popham began to fear that she would awaken. Notso, however. She still held on with her rambling aud at timeB incoherent account of what she wished the police officer to believe. " Maurice Liscombe was kind to me, though I never liked him. I loved another; loved him dearly. But what use was it ? He was already an engaged men. How handsome, how noble I thought he was. He could never be mine. All has happened for the best. My life would have been linked with that of a murderer's, for he was none other than Sybil Prescott. Thank God for it. I have had a narrow escape. Time is going ; I must get home again. Will you walk as far a^s the gate ? I feel relieved now since I have told you what I know. How else could Maurice have been killed unless as I have Baid by poison ? What will a man not do when he is in an unconscious state and has suicidal tendencies like be had ? Ah 1 the thought is horrible, horrible, horrible!" As she uttored the words she moved slowly down the steps, beckoning Popham to follow. t p a h m b At the gate she whispered in his ear : " Remember, let no one know what I have told you." In another instant she had vanished through the darkneBS along the shadowy road. Popham watched her out of sight, wondering to himself strange tilings, then turned to go inside and if possible Bleep it off. " Evidence coming in this fashion Is darned strange. Someone or another will have a hot time of it." Soon the eyes of the trooper closed in sleep and for the time he was quite oblivious that there bad ever lived such a person as Maurice Liscombe. CHAPTER XX. THE AKREST. " Sybil Julian Prescott, I arrest you for the wilful murder of one Maurice Liscombe !" Such were the words utteced a few days after by Sergeant Popham. Words which were enough to have struck terror into the hearfc of the hardest of criminals; but with Sybil, though grim enough when pronounced in the sergeant's stentorian voice, taken little heed of. The scene of thearrest was the verandah of Sybil's house at Rappoe. As was customary, now that Maurice Liscombe was no more, he and Roycroft would often take an al fresco breakfast on the broad, shady verajidah. Whilst partaking of coffee, rolls and luscious tropic fruits the eye could be refreshed with the bright emerald foliage of the cane-fields, all glistenir.g and cool-looViag under the first rays of an early sun. How many times had they sat there, talking of all manner of things, and not the least of them many and ma.uy a time before discussed in all ita bearings this case of which Sybil now formed the central figure. It is a well known thing among the police that often an arrest is made in one quarter in order that another party of whom they have suspicion may be thrown off his guard. With criminals, as a rule, when their evil instincts prompt thesn to commit a crime their conduct is ofbentimes marked •in after actions by folly and cowardice, tftough previously they had had enough courage to carry out their designs. What gladder tidings enn be carried to ,the ears of any law-transgressor than to hear that for the crime ol which he alone iB guilty another and an innocent man has been arrested ? He gloats and chuckles to himself at the idea of such a thing and would willingly go and see him suffer the last penalty of the law rather than raise a finger to save him. He little dreams that by assuming such an air of nonchalance he is really preparing for himself that noose which he had BO fondly calculated wast waiting for another. The police are ready to note eveiry thing that he may say or do. They shadow him day and night, watching him when he leasts suspects; aye, aaid even talk and drink with him. They ply him with wh?qky, aud learu a t much that otherwise he would have f feared to touch upon in his sober I moments. At length, by a word let slip, by a somothing however trivial it may appear to the general public, he incriminates himself. In an instant tho iron bands encircle his wrists. Ho is a prisoner, and no one more astonished than himself. Had Sergoant Popham arrested Sybil in order to make the arrest of another more certain ? No one could say. As an oflicer who knew what his duty was nobody questioned for a moment. The case was in his handB for solution, and tho first step towards bringing the slayer of Liscombe to justice had been taken. The public would look on and follow each stage of the proceedings with that voracious appetite for supping upon horrors which is so characteristic of the average law-court lounger. Though the inquest had been fixed for a certain date, it was necessary to postpone it for a week later in order that the witnesses might have due notice and that any further evidence forthcoming might also bo obtained. "Will there be no time to write a letter 6r settle other matters V" inquired Sybil as Popham and Tulloch stood before his chair. "I've much to Bay that I should like. Could you give me an hour ?" " Very sorry to say, sir, that we can't. Our orders are to take you without delay to Thornton. No doubt you'll be able to do any business there that you may re quire. There'll be a clear week before he inquest, during which you'll have lenty of time to J-ourself." A grim smile oversproad Sybil's face t the thoughts of that weary week before im. And who could Bay, perhaps, how any weary weeks there might not o after that, supposing they found liiin guilty ? As Roycroft heard the stern older of Sergeant Popham, he drew Sybil aside, scarcely able to articulate clearly the comforting words which he wished to say. With an effort, however, he mastered himself. " Bear up, old boy ; the crisis has come at last. You show nothing of what you feel ; were you to do so, perhaps, you would appear less plucky than you really arc. I'll have the horses saddled without delay, and we'll rtdo to Thornton under escort." His last words were almost spoken iu a jocular manner, as he ran down the steps and took a patli in tho direction of the stables. Whilst Roycroft was absent, "Sybil and the troopers remained beside the breakfast table. Had these stern guardians of tho law been olf duty they would readily have ac cepted the light wines and cigars which Sybil so kindly offered. As it was, however, they could accept nothing, and, in fact, spoke hardly at all. They were stolid as Sphinxes, looking steadily before them over the waving cane-tops, bending to the morning breeze with a sad,mournful sound like the waves of the sea , And this world of sunshine, this broad, far- stretching panorama of heavenly lights and glowing colors in which merry birds piped their songs and dusky savages laughed and it= veiled, was to be exchanged for the dark, unwholesome atmosphere of a felon's dungeon. Sybil thought of this as his eye roamed at will across the familiar landscape far away towards that frowning fortress-like rock of Grazcbrook, where poor Christine watched and hoped for hi& return. Ah ! cruel enough he thought ib all, o B D d p c but easy to bear were she not made to suffer on his account. This was a thought, sharp as an arrow entering his side, which maddened him to dwell upon. " Why should she be made to suffer?'' ho kept repeating to himself. And then his eye was suddenly attracted by the ornamental hilt of Pop ham's revolver, protruding from its case Flight never entered liis mind, and he even smiled to himself at the idea of such a weapon being carried on his account. Though his rooms were bristling with fire-arms of all descriptions, no thought of ever carrying one iu self-defence had ever occurred to him. " I wouldn't shoot a dog if I could help it," he had often said when stories of "nigger- potting," as it is familiarly termed, were told him by another. " Some, no doubt," be thought, " would have taken to the bush immediately when they had known there was a chance of being arrested, cramming as many shooting irons and daggers into their belt as would terrify a host. I Bee nothing in it as ten chances to one the capture would have been effected all the same. These troopers shoot straight, which is not always tho case with those who carry most weapons of defence. Besides, what have I to escape from ? God and my conscience tell me what is right, and that's enough." By this time Roycroft had brought up the horses which Sybil and he were going to ride to the township. How fresh and well-conditioned they ppeared in the bright morning light, urning their heads in the direction of their comfortable loose-boxes, from whence came the neighing of stablecompanionB. All these every-day trifles were now taken note of by Sybil as he sat in moody silence. Most, no doubt, have experienced the same when, perhaps, for the last time thev are looking at some well known scene in which everything, be it small or great, leaves an impression long to be remembered when years have rolled their course. " Shall 1 be permitted to accompany Mr. Prescott 1" asked Roycroft of the sergeant as they were making preparations for the start. " By all means. No doubt your services will be of use to the prisoner. He may have messages to send." How harsh the word prisoner sounded to the ears of the young fellows, though a common enough one with Pophatn. "Then we're all ready. Tulloch, do you take up the rear whilst I ride in front. Remember, Mr. Prescott, this is more as a matter of form than anything else. We have no foar that you will try to escape." Sybil had been arrested so quietly that scarcely anyone on the plantation was aware of it. The quartette were riding down one of the quiet cane-glades, whence came the sharp ring of knives and joyous refrain of the islandeis, as the long bamboos fell iu heaps recJy for garnering. They lit vie dreamed that their master was bein£ hurried forward to answer questions before a tribunal on so hideous • charge.—(To btomLimtd.) YWD 