ITEMS OF INTEREST It ie. ftimouncod that arrai)gei ncnl| are being rondo to celebrate the sixtieth anniversary of hor Blajeslj'j necoseiou to the throne, which will |, e Juno, 1897. The ceremonies in con. neetion with the commemoration will be on tho eamo scale as tlioso attend. ing the Queen's Jubilee in 1887. ?Two boys named Evans and Smith wero playing at " buehranging" B t Nnrcandera on Wednesday, nnd tho latter pointed a gun al Evane. The weapon wont off, and the powder with which it was loaded injured Evan?' oyes. Evans ie in.tho locnl hospital, and it. is feared that he will lose Lis sight. ? ; In tho Belgain Chamber of on Wodhesdoy it was complained that GOOO horsos imported from England during the year had been killed and their -fleeb ueod as tinned meat. M. Debruyii, tho Minister for Agriculture' said that ho-would'insist upou ? system of branding in the future. A Chinaman who has' a garden Mow tho flour mills at Cootainundra, hearing his dog barking at night, got up, and aa'w a man in tho garden, whom ho chaeod. . The. man, aftor running sotno distance, turned and shot the Chinaman with a gun. The Chinaman is now-lyiug in the local hospital, and soino 14 pelletts Imvo beep extracted from his wounds. . Annio Dyer, who was sentenced io death for tlie murder of a number o£ infants by throwing them into the Thames at Heading, and who has alroady made.two ineffectual attempts to commit. suicide, made a third attempt to take hor life in tho gaol cell on . Wednesday night, but her design was frustrated by tho arrival o£ tho warder in attendance. The Agents-Goneral of tho Austral asion colonics are to interview Mr Joseph - Chamberlain, Secretary of State for tho Colonies, and Sir Michael E. Hicks-Beach, Chancellor of tho Exchequer, with the object of secur ing an amendment of the Finance Bill, so as to pri vent; the payment o£ iu cotno tax in England as well as in tho colonics. Tho deputation has been promoted at tho instance of Sir Snul Samuel. ' ':. ' ; ? Particularshavo been received of tho trial and acquittal of Major Lotlmire for the summary oxecution of Mr Stokoi, a British trader, in tho Congo Jfroe State/ Evidonco was read show ing tlmf ; Bnron Dhanie, the Stnto Inspector of the' Congo Froo Sfutc, justified tho hanging; and that Dr. Michaux, Major Lothairo'e colleague, partly justified the execution. The following telegram from Laun ceston (Tas.) appeared in . tho Mel bourne A.ge of Monday': A sonsation was created in the heart of tho city early this morning. A constable wat asked by a tradesman to accompany him homo. On arriving thero the man and the policeman effected an entrance from the street, and in a bedroom discovered the wife of the former in bed with a person said to bo a doctor of divinity and professor oE languages holding an appointment in a Launcoston. educational establish ment. The policeman with difficulty prevented the enrnged husband indict ing serious injury on the reputed pro fessor, who implored consideration on, account of his professional and social standing. '.-??". At the Adelaido Police Court on ?Thursday n man named A; ltudd waa charged with unlawfully disguising himself with a piece of white cloth, and was thorefere deemed to bo idle and disorderly. On tho night of May 6 Thomas Moddsl was on his way borne, when ho noticed a figure in white emerging from the Wesleyna. Cemetery. As it approached him he heard it say, "Thomas Meddal, I claim you." He answered, "Take me then," and struck it with a stick which he carried. The ghost "closed" with him, and in a scufflo the sheet was disarranged, aud' Meddal identiSod Kudd. The defendant wae imod 10a and costs —£4 Sa in all. A caso o£ extreme cruelty to a cat was heard before the resident mngia trate, Dr Stewart, at Guildford, West Australia, on May 15, when the police proceeded ngairist Joe Periera, an employee of Mr Beyers Wood, butcher, of Guildford, for having wantonly ill-treated a cat. From the evidence given, it appeared that the cat had been a nuisance in Wood's ehop. It was socured bf J. Periora, who tieda rope round its neck, and suspended it over a beam, allowing and encouraging doge to torture and worry the animal. A young girl, Matilda Eaigular, rushed uoxt door to I". J. Head, and asked him to interfere. When Bead ap peared Periera was dragging _the_ cat by a ropo into a lane ' adjoining, the dogs following, and snapping nt the unfortunate creature., .Bead\vent to the police, and gave information. On a constable visiting the promises lio found that the cat was dead and buried. He unearthed it; and found that all the limbs wero broken. The magistrate imposed a flue of £2 with £1 Gs costs, in default, one months imprisonment. A heavier fine would have been inflicted but for tho fact that Mr Isaac Wood gave evidence that ho had isaiibd instructions that the cat was to be destroyed. 