CIVIL SERVICE NOTES. I Coghlftnised In apd C-oghlanlfied ©nt— Vat Billets for Single Tsi Cranks— Cog hi aa's Kad-man The Xew Saviiigw.W^wlr Vainer —Chief' Commissiener .for Inland Bcvcmie— Clipped. Gratuities for Betren- ; oltecs— What Civil Set. .1 vanls mustn't Hao— ? Petition for more Holidays. ' Sin gle-taxer Faddist Foxall, one of the assessors of suburban lands, and afterwards, according to bis own evidence, before Dr. Creed's committee, a reviser of other asses sor's assessments has been 'Coghlanised ' into a tat billet m the Land Tax Umce as head of the correspondence branch. Political patronage will take lots of killing yet. Tell it not in Eedfern and whisper it not in King Division, but unkind people' say that this ' All -Fox ' got his billet in consideration for writing a series of articles in the ' D.T.,' in condemnation of a ' State . Bank,' when Eeid was bringin^inhis Amalgamated Savings Bank Bill, and wanted some one to wbite down the State Bank idea, as advocated by McGowen and his Labor Push. Surveyor Binstead, another of these blessed land assessors, has also'been ' Coghlanised ' into the same Taxatioh Office. Betrenched Civil Servants are asked what about the promise to give them the ' first show ' in any vacancies ? ? # People want to know who Coghlan'e ' Mad man ' is, also whether the Land Valuer whom the land-tax muddlers made a scape-goat of and ' Coghlanised ' out into the wilderness is that individual, ? . ? So Mr. Collar, Cuffs, and Swagger Walker' has been appointed (without competition) Valuer to -the Savings Bank in Barrackstreet He and Kirkpatrick (father of ' Kirk,' the Sydney Hospital Architect) used to boss the Lands Department valuing, coksuIiB Lyne. ' It is difficult to find men in the Service qualified to take the higher positions.' Thus the Public 'Slaughter' Board. It seems . they can only -find ONE. They didn't jjo far tolook for him, either. Why he was, is, or his 'ghost' is, still a member of that same blessed Board. His name is ' Mystery,' otherwise Timothy Augustine Coghlan, who, ' much against his inclinations,' has to con tinue to be Statistician, as *' it was difficult to find ' a competent man to fill the post. ' It was difficult to find ' anyone to ' Coghlan ise'. the Land-tax Department, so Timothy Augustine Coghlan was given the billet that cannot be described by $ny name.' '' It is difficult to find ' a man 'capable of running the Treasury. So poor little ' Kirk,' whom everyone — from the Minister ? down to the messenger — likes,, must 'go,' and Coghlan can have the billet for the asking. If it is not good enough for .him he can take— now old Powell has been 'Coghlanised' otft— the brand-new billet of ' Chief Commissioner of Customs and Inland Revenue.' - He will still write ' By Coghlan ' on the ' title page of the ' Wealth and Progress.' . The Public Service Act provides for the payment' on enforced retirement of 'one month's salary for.eadh year's, service.'. This has been interpreted' by Coghlan, - or .Qpghf lan's ghost, to mean that odd- months' and days don't . count. Hence, - in - future, a retrenchee who has been in the.S^vice^jfive' .years, and 364 days willoidyrepeiyeagrfL(juity .on .account 'of the five , WMfliETE yieflrs: Ain't it mean P' . t. But the- ''.Slaughter' Board, wants xiot, only its pound of flesh, -but . the body and sop!, of every Civil Servant. Here are some recent decisions. A shool-teacherintheNever Never country mnsn't hold Sunday services in the local ' Union ' Church, so it has been closed sine die. A young lady teacher musn't wear a hallelujah bonnet, rattle a tambourine, or thank God she's saved at an ' Army ' meeting. A smart young Civil Ser V&IlL;, wuubu ouui suaia awio ujr j. i yuig , mustn't receive pay for playing the organ, or aoting as choir-master in a fashionable chapel. A olever instrumentalist mustn't give lessons, except he'do'es so 'gratis,' eVen to a fellow-clerk. An architectural draughts- - man mustn't get a 'douceur' fordesigiung and superintending the erection of a cottage for a friend on a suburban 'allotment.adjoining'. the ' one-where he is building a cottage' for bim.. self . , A suburban postmaster, who .has .hod for years the three motherless children of a friend boarding with his family, is told by that blessed Board that postal premise's mustn't be turned, into a boar&inghouse;, and either th§ children -or .the postmaster mits| quit. If others may. not do anything- outside the actual duties of .their office, why not ladle} out . the same- sauce to the gander as that wherewith, the goose' is smothered?' Deal; squarely! '' ? a ? Another 'Coghlanised ' victim, Lewis Scott, late BegiBtrax of Friendly. Societies, jg to be given 'a testimonial benefit at. Her Majesty s' Sheatre on the 14th December. Diclc 0,Connor, v-Q.C.',' and Barrister Oonroy are - the ^ hon sees, -and of course there's a ladies' committee busy selling tickets, so the ; dramatiser of the 'Silenpe of Dean Mait land ' should receive a sufficient Xmas-box to tide him over his difficulties — brought about by having been 'Coghlanised.' The Civil Servants are bucking, about the week knooked off their annnal holidays. So a petition is being largely signed, praying lhe thePublio 'Slaughter' Board to give them, back the week that has been ' Coghlanised.' Cm bono F None of the appeals against the reductions in salaries have been heard ret. So there is ' Buckley's Show ' of thia ' round robin' being answered before the arrival of Gbwik Kalends, 