TWINS! by biciuhd marsh. I. Mrs. and Miss Danvers.' Mr Hubert Buxton, standing at th® rti-o window uf the hotel, glancing at ?1, nrs' book on tbe desk at his ht saw the names among the Is test ivsls Tbev cought bis eye. Fun- tresina ' was stated to be tbe place from which tbey bad lately come. It is the Danvers, for a fiver — Cecil's Danvers.' Strolling from the office window, he took a letter — a frayed 1. tier— from his pocket-book. It was post-marked Pontresina.' Tbe signature was « Cecil Boston '—it was from biB brother. 'Dear Hubert,' it ran, « yon really most -et something to do! Yourreqoest for what yon call an 'advance ' is absurd. So far from ' advancing you nnytbiog I shall have to cut short the allowance I have been making yon. I have met j,prfi a Mrs. and Misa Danvers. I l ave asked Miss Danvers to do mo tbe honour to marrv me. She has consented. When that event comes to pass — which will he very shortly— your allowance will recede t0» vanishing point. That you will get Eomethiug to do is, therefore, the advice or your Cecil Buxton.' i It would be an odd coincidence, reflected Hubert, 'if that Miss Danvers Is tbis Miss Dauvere.' An idea occurred to his fertile — too fertile— brain. As the first glimmerings of the idea burst on him, Hubert smiled. In giving birth to Cecil and Hobert Buxton, Nature had been indulging in one of her freaks. They were twins- born within a few seconds of each other. Cecil came first. Hubert came, with all possible expedition, immediately after. Babies are proverbially alike. These babies were bo much alike, that when they were undressed, no one ever pretended to be able to tell one from the other. The resemblance outlived b»dy- hood. As the years went on, Cecil was always beiug taken for Hubert, Hubert forCeciL The unfortuuate part of the business was that the resemblance was merely superficial. Inside, they were altogether different. Cecil was solid and steady, while Hubert — well, at that particnlar moment he was quar tered at that fashionable Bournemouth hotel, without money in bis pocket with which to pay bis hotel bill, and with no body within reach from whom be could borrow a five-pound note. If,' he told himself, ' this Danvers is that Danvers, I might make something out of that fatal likeness after all.' It would not be, by any means, the first time he had made something out of the ' fatal likeness,' but on that, in tbis place, we need not dwell. He strolled along the corridor, the open letter in bis band, biting biB nails and thinking over things as he went. As be approached tbe glass door which led into tbe grounds, it opeDed to admit a lady. At Fi-bt of him she stopped. ' Cecil !' she exclaimed. Hubert looked at her. She -was a maguittceai woman, p-anned altoge ther on a magnificent scale, with a profusion of red-gold bair, and a pair of the biggest and brightest eyes Hubert, with all his wide experience, ever remembered to hive seen. 'It is the Danvers !' he inwardly decided. ' What a oner !' But be was equal to tbe occasion. He generally was — more than equal. He held out his hand to bcr with a little endden burst. ' You !' he cried. Tbe lady, however, did not immedi ately respond to his advances. On the contrary, sbe put her hands behind her back. 'This is an unexpected pleasure. I didn't expect to see you here. 1 thought yon were iu Paris.' As a matter of fact, according to the most recent advices, Cecil was in Paris. But, of ouree, Hubert had nothing to do with that. ' I only arrived last night. Yon — you doo't seem glad to see me ?' There was a dryness in her tone which grated on Hubert's ears. 'This is a case in which diplomacy is required. I wonder what there's been between them.' Aloud he remarked, 'Can you not iorgec ana iorgive t ' Cecil, do you mean it ?' She glanced behind ber as if in sudden agitation. ' I cannot stop now. Meet me in the gar den after dinner.' Sbe was gone before he even had a ghost of feeling his way. II. ' Cecil ' Where are you 1 Here ? Hubert who had been leaning against the wal', came out into the .moonlight.' the lady stood on the top of tbe steps. The moon shone fall upon her. It lit up the glory of her red-gold hair. She was clad in fnll evening dress. Her little opera cloak, which bad slipped off her shoulders, revealed, rather than con cealed, her magnificent proportions. Hubert, eyeing her critically from below told himself that sbe was certainly a ' oner " ' I am afraid I am late. I hope yon haven't been waiting long.' ' Nothing to speak of. Just 1 time euough to enjoy a cigar — and to dream of you.' ' Cecil ! For sliame ! Is is damp ? I have only my thin shoes od. She held one out in evidence. Hubert liked the look of it. <TF ; j .-J - 1. < i-LF .> la as ury as i-inacr , just lue uiguu for lovers.' ' 1 really think it is.' She came down the steps. 1 How glorions !' Laying het hand upon bis arm, sbe looked into his «yeB with her big ones. - As you say. It is just the night for lovers.' They began to stroll. She spoke—' ' It seems strange, after all- that haB passod between us, that you and I should he walking here together.' ' It does Beem strange.' It certainly did. ' AffxW all dlia Laml SA(I .liaVA \- 'vvi ma hue uaiu uiiugu juu «»u»v thought and said of me.' . There was a pause. Sbe looked .down,' speaking softly: ' Gall me by my pet name.' He slightly started. . But he was hot the sort of man to remain long it s loss. As he turned in her andanswered, in his voice there was a ring "'of . .passionate intensity. .... . 'vr-s'/ ' Tell me by what name to call j®® 1 Call me AngeL' - - ; . . _T'1- ' Angel 1 MyaugeloIlovelMyabgel « Ml good things f .. : w i-- 1- i 'Cecil!' ' ' Their lipsmet in a kiss. As they did so, he told himself that if she was Cecil's idea of an angel, she wasn't bis. But she was certainly a ' oner.' He wondered if she had been christened 'Angel ' Dan vers. What a peapon with which to chastise a wife J ' Cecil, let us understand each other. You arc not trifling with me again ?' ' Need you ask 1' This time he was fairly startled. 4 1 am afraid that after all which haa passed between us, I need ' You do mean to make me yonr wife F ' Make you my wife ? Good heavens ! What do you suppose I mean f 'Then you do not believe I cheated J' ' Cheated I' ' Yon don't believe that man f Yon don't believe the lies they said of me I' ' Never for one single instant.' His outspoken denial seemed to tako ber aback. ' Then, if you didn't believe it, why — but never mind ! Cecil, it would be use less to pretend to you that I have been tbe best of women, but I swear that I will be a good wife to you nntil I die.' ' My own,' he murmored. To himself he said, ' There seems to have been a good deal more romance about tbis little affair of Cecil's than I supposed.' ' Let us talk of eomctbing else ! Let us talk of you. Tell mc of yourself, my love !' ' Well,' said Hubert, the ever-ready, ' for tbe moment I am in rather a awk ward predicament.' ' What is it ?' 'The fact is ' — ho looked her straight in the face, and never turned a hair — ' my remittances seem to have all gone wrong. I am landed here with empty pockets.' She laughed. 'Let me be your banker, will you ?' 1 With pleasure.' ' I'm quite rich, for me. I've got a heap of money in my purse, if I can only find it' Sbe fonnd it, after long seeking. ' How much wonld you like— twenty pounds f ' Thank you.' - ' Should I make it thirty ?' ' If yon could make it thirty.' Some bank-notes changed bands. He thrust them into his waistcoat-pocket telling himself that that was something on account at auy rate. 'Now, your remittances must- make havte and come. Thirty pounds is no thing to you ; it is a deal to me. Now I am destitute.' She held out her purse for him to see. It still contained a couple of bank-notaB and eome gold. ' I euppose yon couldn't manage to spare tbe rest I be satd. ' Yon greedy thing ! I can scarcely believe yon are tbe Cecil Buxton I used to know — he would never have con descended to borrow thirty pounds from me. Do yon know, it isn't only that yon are nicer, bat, somehow, even your manner and yonr voice seem different.' ' Do yon think so F They were stand ing. under tbe shadow of a tree. He leaned back against the tree. ' By tbe way, I have beco remias. I ought to have inquired after your mother.' | ' My mother ?' She etarted. ' I see your names are bracketed in the visitors' book together.' 'Our names bracketed in tbe visitors' book together ! You are dreaming !' ' I saw them there — Mrs. and Miss Danvers.' ' Mrs. and Miss Danvers ! Cecil ! what do you mean !' It was his turn to stare. Htr manner had all at once become quite singular. ' Wbat do you mean 1 Isn't yonr mother with you ?' ' Cecil, are you making fun of me ?' Hubert felt that, in some way, he was putting bis foot in it — though he did not quite see bow. ' Nothing is farther from my thoughts than to make fan of yon. Bnt when I saw Mrs. Danvers' name in the visitors' book ' ' Whose name F 'When I eaw Mrs. and Miss Danvers there as large as life -' The lady moved a step away from him. All at once sbe became, as it were, a different woman entirely. ' I see that you are tbe same man after all. The eame Mr. Cecil Buxton. Tha cams mid. nalruilatinv. sneerinn J.US MIASM WV»| a» O cynic. Only yoa happen to have broken out in another place. I presume yon have been having a little amusement at my expense on a novel plan of yonr own. But this time, my friend, you have gone too far. Yon have asked me, in so many words, to be your wife— I dare you to deny It 1 Yon have borrowed money — I dare yon to deny that, too ! I am not so unprotected as you may poesibly ima gine. I took the precaution to wire this -morning for a friend. You will marry me, or we euau » > The lady ewepthimasplendid curtesy, and walked off. He was so taken aback by the sudden change in her deport ment that he made not the slightest attempt to arrest her progress. He stared after her, in the moonlight, open- eyed and open-mouthed. Well, she is a oner ! I've done some thing, thongh I don't know what. And I've done, it somehow, tboogh I don't know how. Cecil onght be be gratefnl to me for ridding him of her." They'd never have been happy together, I'll stake my life ' on it, ' Hallo 1 Who's this ? More advehtnreB !' There was a rustling behind him. He turned. Someone came out of the shadow of the tree. It was a young "Sho Am rlid in ft slain black silk dinner dress. A shawl was thrown over her shoulders. He could eee that she iiad brown faair and pleasant feature®. She addressed to faim a question which surprised him. Who is that woman f she asked, Sbe pointed after the rapidly retreat ing Anjgd with a geatore which was almost tragic. He raised bis hat « £ beg yonr pardon I I don't "think: I have the pleasure—' r - She paid no attention to hia wordB. « Who is that' woman Y 'she repeated. Which woman!' . /'> That woman ;!' - -:- ; .Bf£% T— T think there's some mis-, take 'i " - : - To his amazement she burst into, a passion of tears. : \- 'Cecil, doo't iqjeaktomeiike that— don't 1 don't don't f . Hubert "stared. , The youog lady Nue looked at Mm. yrithWming wen..; 4 Whets' that wojhWf iheen longing for yonr coming, thinking i of all that I should say to yon, wishing : that the minutes were bnt seconds — and 1 you've been here all thetime ! You must j have come hours before you told me that j your train was doe. - What is the mean- j ing of it all ?' 'That is precisely what I should like tu know.' 1 1 came out here that I might he alone before oor meeting. I heard the sound of voices, and I thought that one of them was yours — I could not believe it. I listened. I beard you talking to that woman. I saw her kiss you. Ob, CeciH Cecil ! my heart IB broken f Sbe tottered forward, all bnt falling into Hubert's arm®. He tried to soothe linr .Goffn maaa lio Intel tiimcnlf flint: Cecil had mure romance in his nature tban ho had given him credit for. His complications in the feminine line ap peared to be worthy of the fares at the Palais Royaie. In the midst of her emotion, the yonng lady in his arms continued to address him. ' Why — did you — tell me — you were . coming — by one train — when — all the time — yon mnst have meant — to come by another. I— have your letter here From the bosom of her dress shedrew an envelope. Hubert made a dash at it. HTv IpHer 1 Pitrmil; mn fnr An instant !' With scant ceremony he took it from her hand. He glanced at the address — recognising Cecil's well-known writing. 'Mies — Miss Danvers ! Axe you — are you— Miss Danvers f - The girl shrunk from him. Her tears were dried. Her face grew white. 'Cecil!' she exclaimed. ' Forgive me if my question seems a curious one, but — are you Miss Danvers F Tbe girl shrunk away still more. Her face grew whiter. She spoke so faintly her words were scarcely andible. ' Cecil ! Give me back my letter, if you please !' He handed ber back her envelope. Miss Danvers' T entreat yon ' Bnt the look of scorn which was on her face bronght even Hubert to a stand still. As he hesitated, sbe ' fixed him with her eyes.' He had seldom felt so uncomfortable as he did just then. He seemed to feel himself growing smaller simply because of the scorn which was in her eye®. ' Good evening, Mister Buxton.' She slightly inclined her head — and was gone. Hubert stared after her dumbfounded. When he did recover the faculty of speech lie hardly knew what nse to make of it. ' Well — I've done it ! If Shis Miss Danvers — who is Aogel ? Cecil will roans me ior me treat, wmcu i in prepar ing for him. I knew that fatal likeness wonld dog me to the grave. Why was I born a twin F He etrolled slowly toward the build ing. As he entered the hall, a lady was coming along the corridor. - At sight of him she quickened her pace. She ad vanced to him with outstretched bands. She was a lady of perhaps forty years of age. ' Cecil !' ehe cried. | But Hubert was not to be caught ; with salt. He had had enough, for the present, of Cecil and — of Cecil's feminine friends. Ignoring her outstretched hands, be slightly raised his hat ' Pardon me, you have the advantage of me, Madam.' The lady seemed bewildered. She stared at him as if she conld not believe 1 her eyes and ears. The door through | which Hubert had just entered from ; the grounds was re-opened at his back. 1 A figure glided past him. It was the 1 young girl from whom he had just parted I — iu not too cordial a manner. Sbe went straight to the lady, slipping ber arm through hers. ' Mamma, Mr. Buxton has declined to acknowledge my acquaintance as he de clined to acknowledge yours. I think I can give you a sufficient reason for his doing so, if you will come with me, dear mother.' ' Hetty !' murmured tbe elder woman, still plainly at a loss. ' Come !' said the girl. They went, leaving Hubert to stare. ' Well — I've gone one better ! That's ( Mrs. Danvers, I presume. So I've con trived to insult the mother and the aaugnicr roo. uecu wuiaouww unuup on my head. Who can that Angel be F . As he was about to follow the ladies along the corridor, someone touched him on the arm. Turning, he saw that a stranger in a black frock cost stood at bis side. " What were yon saying to thoBe ladies ?' this person asked. ' Wbat the deuce is that to do with yon f And who the devil are yon F ' It has this to do with me, that I am the manager of this hotel, and that it is sufficiently obvious that your presence is objectionable to those ladies. Moreover, under existing circumstances, it is objec tionable to men. Itisaruleof thiBhotel that accounts are paid weekly, Yonhave been here more than three weeks, and yonr first week's hill is yet unpaid. You have made sundry promises, bnt. yon -have not kept them. I don't .wish to have any' unpleasantness with yon, sir, bnt I regret that I am unable to ac commodate yon with a bed in this hotel to- night.' " Hubert felt a trifle wild. He was capable of that feeling now and then. As they weread vancing in one direction, two gentlemen, a tall and a Short one, were advancing towardB them in . the .other. They were coming to - close quarters. Hubert was conscious that the manager's outspoken observations conld not be al together inaudible to the approaching strangers. So he rode as high a horse as he conveniently conld, ' Ab for yonr biii, I mil eee it hanged first. As for yonr insolence, I - will report it to yonr employers, :.;;Ab; for myself, I shall only be too glad to go at once.' .. -i 'One of the approaching Strangers — the tall one — suddenly " Standing ntlll, fliH hlmaelf in ftpntpfMnbert in socn a .w&y; aB to bar his progress. With (he finger taps of his right-hand he tapped Mm Ughjflypn the£h&w; $ y 'A ' Not j nst at once, dear Buxton, not just ht dnce, Not before you have said a few .words to/ffie.' &'eW " . . .! And to me, mid the short man, who Btod beside his taller companion. MXnl/pray wlnfmBy yoube1 he inquired. . ' Yon do not know me F asked tbe big stranger. ' Nor me ¥ echoed the little one. But It does not matter. Perbsps you have a bad memory, my dear Buxton.' The big man's manner was affable. He turned to the manager. 'You must excuse us for one moment, we have just a word to say to our friend Buxton. Here is our little private sitting-room most cODvenient— just a word.' Before Hubert had altogether realised the situation, tbe big man had thrust his arm through hi®, and drawn him into a sitting-room which opened off the corri dor from the left. When they were in, the ing man locked the door — he not- only locked the door, but in an ostenta tions manner he pocketed the key. IIL 'So, Mr. Buxton, yon don't know meF ' Nor me F The larger stranger stood egainst tbe door. The lesser one, who appeared to be actihg as echo, leaned against a table. He began, with a slightly overacted air of carelessness, to roll a .cigarette. There was something about this little man which Hubert did not like at all. He was a short, wiry individnal, with long straight black hair, hollow. sallow, high projecting ckeek-bones, and a pair of small black eyes, which be had a trick of screwing op until only the pnpils could be seen. His personal attractions mere not enhanced by a bogh mole which occupied a conspicuous place in the middle of his left cheek. Bat if he liked the appearance of the small man little, it was not because he liked the the appearance of the big man more. This was a great hulkiog fellow," with sandy whiskers and moustache, and a manner which, in spite of its greasy insinuation, Hobert felt was distinctly threatening. ' Is it really possible, Mr. Buxton, that I have had the misfortune to escape yonr memory F ' And me F Hubert glanced from ono to tbe oLher. That the little man was a foreigner, probably an Italian, he made up his mind at once. As to tbe nationality of tbe big man he was not sure. He had had dealings withsomeetrange people in his time, both at borne and abroad. But he conld not recollect encountering either of these gentlemen before. ' 1 do not remember having ever seen either of yon.' 1 Oh, yon do not remember F The big man came a step nearer. ' You do not remember that pleasant evening in that little room at Nice F ' You do not remember slapping my uuo » chuivitueu tue iiitm uiuf suddenly slapping his own right cheek with startling vigonr. 1 Yon do not remember accnsiog me of cheating yon at cards F ' Yon do not remember piaciDg an in sult on me ! on me ! on me F All at once, abandoning the process of manufacturing his cigarette, the little man came and placed himself in even uncomfortable proximity to Hubert's person. ' My friend, my cheek is burning to this very hoar.' Hobert did not like tbe look of things at alL He was sure he had never seeu these men before. ' I understand the position exactly. You are doing what people constantly are doing — you are mistaking me for my brother.' ' Mistaking you for you brother I 1 am mistaking yon for your brother !' And me !' cried the little man, again salnting his own cheek Binartly. ' You liar !' The big man's manner was insniting. Hubert felt he must resent it. How dare you ' But tbe sentiment died down into Mb boots as the big man came at him with a sudden ferocity which seemed to canse the beating of his heart to cease. ' How dare I ! You dare to speak a word to me. Liar ! I will kill you where you stand.' ' As for me,' remarked the short man affably, 'I bavethis.and tbis.' From one recess in hie ciothinghe took a revol ver. From another, a long, glittering, and business-like, if elegant, knife. All these years I have not been able to make op my mind if I will shoot yoa like ue doe, or stick yoa like a pig— which yon are.' Gentlemen, exclaimed Hobert, with surprising mildness, ' I assure you you are nnder a misapprehension. The like ness between my brother and myself is bo striking that our most intimate friends mistake one for the other.' 'For whom, then, did my sister mis take yon thiB morniDg and to-night F A light flashed opon Hubert'® brain. You mean Angel F ' You call her Angel ! He calls her Ancrel 1' 'I hear,' observed the little man. 1 If yon will allow me to explain !' The big man made a gesture of refusal. But the little man canght him by the arm. ' Let the liar speak,' he said. The big mBn, acting on his friend's advice, let the — that, i®, he let Hubert speak. Availing himself of tbe courte- oubly" offered permission, Hubert did his best to made things clear. ' l ap not— as I wonld .have told yon before if you would have let me — I am not Cecil, but Hubert Buxton.' The big man made another gestnre. Again the little "man restrained him. ' We are twins. All our lives it has been difficult to tell one from the other. Of recent years, I understand, Hie resemb lance le ween as has grown even greater Bnt the likeness is only skin deep Cecil is the elder by, I believe, thirty seconds. . Ha is a rich msn, and I am a poor man,— bitterly poor.'. The big man spoke. 'And you dare to tell me' that you have been making lore to my meter under a. false name 1 Very good, I have killed a man for less. But I -will not Mil you— not yet Is yonr handwriting as mnch like yonr brother's as you are F My fist is like Cecil's 'So! Bit down.' Hubert sat down. Take that peo. He", took the pen. He "dipped, it la the ink; . 'Write ' I promise tomahy — — " - ' What's the use of my promlmng to many anyone 1 Don't l tell yon that I'm without a soa with. which to bless inyselfF . Write, my friend, what I" dictate. " I promisetomury— — — " Hnbertwroto it— " Marian FhilipsohiPeters- — r-' i Ajdjjitojjip gogirihingiskrian '-Marian Fhilipson Peters — Mrs. Fhilipson Peters is my sister.' It seemed to be a tolerably prosaic paraphrase of ' Aogel.' Hubert, if the expression ofhis features could be trusted, appeared to think so. 'And wbat possible advantage does your sister propose to derive from my promising, either in blnck and white or in any other way, to marry bcr 1 Does the lady propose to pay my debt®, or to provide me wiih an income F 'Attend to m®, my friend — write wbat I dictate.' The big man laid bis hand on Hubert's shoulder with an amount of pressure which might mean mnch— or more ! Hubert looked np. The pressore increased. ' Write it.' The little man was standing oo tbe other side of the onwil ing scribe. He had his revolver in one band, his knife in the other. 'Write it!' he said. Up wentHobcrl'sshonldcrs — he wrote it. The big man continued his dictation. " Within three months after date." ' What on earth ' Write — " Within three months after date.' " ' Oh, I'll write anything. I'll promise to marry her within three minutes — to oblige yon.' The big man examined what Hubert had written. Ver® lik« — wrv likp. Inderal- Sn lilr« Cecil Buxton's handwriting that- Iplatnly perceive, my friend, that you are the prince of all the liar®. Now sign it.' He arrested Hubert's hand. 'Sign it— " Cecil Buxton.' " Hubert glanced up. He dropped his pen. ' Now I see !' Kck np that pen.' "With pleasure' He picked it np. ' Sign it — " Cecil BaxtoD.' " The big man spoke in a tone of voice which conld not, truthfully, be described as friendly. ' ' In other words — commit forgery.' The tall man turned to the short one. ' Eugene, who is to nse your revolver? Is it yon or 1 J I swear to yon that if tbis Eciundre), tbis contemptible villain, does not make all tbe reparation to my sister that is in bis miserable power, I will blow his brains ont as he is sitting here.' Thesbort man smiled — not pleasantly. ' Leave to me, my friend, that sacred duty — the sacred duty of being execu tioner. I have long had a little grudge of my own against Mr. Cecil Buxton. I have one of those little insnlts to wipe not which can only be wiped out by blood. I have not doubted all the time that this is Mr. Cecil Buxton. I doubt it still less now that I have seen him write. ' I swear to yon ' Tbe big man cut Hubert uncivilly ciivlh. IJLn i CfJcltvcu flio wliiUIIIUut Oigli it — " Cecil Buxton.' " Hubert looked from one face to the other. He was conscious — painfully conscious ! — that his was not a pleasant situation. He saw murder on tbe short man's face. He did not like tbe look of his revolver. He held it far too care lessly. Teat he was tbe sort of man who would entertain no kind of conscientious scruple against shooting him, to use his own words, like a dog, he frit quite certain. ' Let me say one word f he pleaded. Tbe big man refused him eveu that grace. ' Not one !' While Hubert hesitated, the pen bet ween his finger®, there came a rapping at the door. IV. The cause of that rapping at the door was this. Cecil Buxton arrived by tbe traio by which he bad informed Miss Danvers, by letter, that he would arrive. Hastily seeing his luggage on to a cab, he drove off to the hotel. In tbe hall he encoun tered a porter. The porter greeted him in rather a singular manner, scarcely as hotel porters are wont to greet arriving guests. ' Wbat ! Back again !' Cecil stared, as, under tbe circumstances, any man wonld stare. ' ThiB won't do, you know. I know all abont it — you've been chucked. My orders i®, not to let you into the place again.' My good man,' said Cecil, fully be lieving that what he said was true,. you're druuk.' Just then a ladv came down the stair- case. He recognised her — recognised her well. He rusbed towards ber. ' Hetty !' be cried. The lady gave a Blart, hot not the sort of Btart he had reason, and good reason, to expect. She turned, she looked at him — with scornful eyes. She drew back, seeming to remove her gown from risk of personal contact. I half expected to see yon at the etatioi'. Hetty, wbat — what's, the matter f This Rftiil nnFhintr. tint aha looked at him — and she walked away, her head held very high in the air. ' Now yon'vs got to come out of thie !' The porter who had followed him across the hall laid his band upon his shoulder, Cecil swung ronnd. And he not only swnng round, but he swung the porter offi and that with a degree of vigour which possibly took that official by sur prise. Remove your hand !' be cried. There was a moment's pause,- Sad during that moment's pause another lady came down tbe stairs. The be wildered Cecil rashed to" her. ' Mrs. Danvers, has everybody , gone mad 1 "What is the matter with Hetty F There was no mistake abont it this time. The lady was so desirous that none of her garments should come into contact with Cecil that, the better to draw, them away from him, she clutched her skirts with both her hands. She spoke — . ' Haw dare yon, sir, address yourself to meF Sbe. turned to the porter with an air of command. ' Desire this person to stand ont of my way.' , And ehe swept off, Cecil staring at her like a man in s dream.. ' Well, sir F Cecil turned. A decently- altired, and even gentlemanly .individual waa standing at his side,. 'Have you. returned to pay your, bill T Cecil looked him up and down. In his appearance he noted no sigos qt in-" sanity, nor of intoxication either. .- ' Are you (he manager of this ostaih- liahmentF . ' ' Yon know 'very, well tht l am, Fray dmo't let's have apy nonsense.' .: . i.'.AUow me to give yonuiny-Card. Cecil handed ;him4t(a paSteboard.V 'I ief t Faris" : Isstiibt. -. ;.I' :have : -frden® vSllingYaH minutes ago in your hotel. What is the meaning of the. treatment which has been accorded me F Tbe manager regarded him with a smile which scarcely -came within the definition of a ' courteous smile.' ' You are certainly a character.' ' Explain yourself.' Surely not mnch explanation is re quired. It is only a few minutes ago since I informed yon that your presence in tbis establishment conld no longer be permitted, and now you favour me with this amazing story.' Cecil started forward. A new light came into bis eyes. ' Has anyone been staying here re- ! sembiing me F ' S-> mnch resembling yon that we shall be obliged if yon will pay Mb bill, which lies,nopaid,-nn the cashier's desk.' Cecil gave an exclamation— not of pleasure. By Jove ! It'e Hubert ! I see it all ! ! He has been up to some of his infernal tricks with Hetty and her mother ! If he has f He Inroed upon the manager, "Where is he ?' The manager hesitated. ' Where is who ? You are standing here. When I last saw you, you were eoteriog a private sitting-room with two gentlemen who happened to have a par- fienlftr f)pcirA fnr vnnr onnintar ' ' Where is tbis sitting-room F ' I will show you if you really don't know.' The manager led the way— still smiling. Cecil went after Mm. As they moved along a corridor, into which the manager turned, they came upon a lady who was standing ontside one of the sitting-rooms, and who, not to pnt too fine a point on it, seemed listening at tbe door. Her back was turned towards them as they advanced. It was only when they were qoite close to her that she seemed to become conscious of their approach. When she arrived at ench a state of consciousness sbe sprang up — she had been etooping a good deal for ward before — and epraog round. She was io evening dress. A fin®, tall, generously proportioned woman, with big bright eyes," and red-gold hair, she was Hubert's oner ' — ' Angel.' As her glance fell npon Cecil she gave a start — a most melodramatic Btart — so me lodramatic a start that she bumped her self, quite unintentionally, bnt with considerable force, against the nail. ' You !' she exclaimed. Cecil, oa his part, appeared to re cognise the lady. ' You !' he said — without any appear ance of nodue deference in his manner. His arrival on the scene seemed to have thrown the lady into a stats of really carious agitation. Sbe stood with ber back against tbe wall,6taring at him :f i _» ® cti. :a t_ as n ue were u guost>. cue positively trembled. How — how did you get out F she asked - speaking in a sort of gaep. 'I was never in. Oc<l turned to the manager. ' It's a little complicated, but I think that I begin to understand the situation.' He turned to the lady. He pointed to the sitting-room, outside which ehe Was standing. ' Who is in there F Angel did not answer. Leaning for ward, ehe rapped with ber koockles against the panel of the door. V. When there came that rapping at the door, Hubert started back. ' Who's that !' he cried. The big man still retained bis grasp on Hubert's shoulder. He tightened it. ' Never mind who it is. Sign that paper.' Tbere was a voice without. ' Open the door !' Hubert slipped from the man's grasp. He sprang to .his feet. He threw tbe pen from him on to the floor. ' It's Cecil I' The two men looked at bim. He looked at them. Again there was the voice without. ' Open tbe door !' ' It's Cecil I It'e my brother ! Now yon will see if I lied.' In Hubert's manner tbere was posi tively something approaching an air of trinmpb. The associites exchanged gtances. The big man addressed him self again to Hubert. ' Look here, my friend, you will sign that caDer He moved a step forward. Hubert grasped the back of a chair. 'You tonch me! By George! Fil smash yoa !' The big man hesitated. Hubert seemed to have gained a sodden access of energy. He continued to sddreB his companions in a strain which wob dis tinctly not pacific. 'You conple of cowardly curs ! You get me into a room, you lock the door, yon come at me, the pair of you, with a revolver aod a knife, wftAn vnti know that T haven't ffflt ho Q-- much as a toothpick in my pocket! Why, yon miserable brutes, I'll smash you both 1' Hubert brandished the chnir about his head. The big man still hesitated. The shorter gentleman addressed this inquiry to his., friend, ' Shall I shoot Mm ? Shall I put six shots into his car cass — shall I ?' Hubert did not wait to hear the other's answer. 'He turned to the door. ' Cecil ! Cecil ! break down the door. The brntaB will mnrder me 1 Break down the door T -These words, ottered with the fnll force of Hubert's lungs, .seemed to create, as was not unnatural, some sensation without. Several voices were heard- speaking together, Tbere -was a load knocking at the door, 'Someone said, evidently. not Cecil, ' Open the door im mediately ! I am the manager of the hotel 1 - Open at once !' The . associates looked at each other. The clamour without seemed to mean 'business. Hubert bad slipped -from, their control.' ' If they were not careful their friendly . little interview., might be disagreeably interrupted,' The shorter "mail shrugged his shquldero right up to ills ears, i T. . ' Wbat is the ubs ! You had better open ne floor," Wbat is "the nse of playing a loalog game too far F Then, to Hubert, 4 With yon, my friend, I will nettle some other time.' ' ' Ahd ij' chimed lit the big man, play ing the partof eohofor once, '-I douV core; that, Hubert snapped his. fingers iri the air, '' for either, or both of yon, you core F.'- . . . v. . The comfodea-atill hesitated-Ttiiey :probab!yrve®ented - the alj»«tiqn,iu the " demeanour, Hut .die Hamtipr at QWtfrued, ,T(» big man, doubtless perceiving that the position was becoming desperate, took the key out of his pocket. He unlocked the door. As he did so, hiscompanion's weapons disappeared into the hidden recess of his apparel. The tromeut the door was opened Hubert advanced. ' Cecil ! so it is you. Now gentle men, you will he able to see if I lied. Theee gentlemen, Cecil, are friende of yours, not of mine. I have never seen them heforo to-night. You appear to have offended them. They have been endeavouring to visit your offence on me. I cannot congratulate you on your acquaintance. That little scoundrel there, who appears to be au Italian bravo, has a knife in one pocket, and a revolver in the other. He would have murdered me if you had delayed your appearance on the scene.' ' Bah !' Again the little man's shoul ders went up to his ears. ' It was bnt a little game.' And was this a little game F Hubert snatched up the paper, the unsigned promise of marriage, from the table on which it was laying ; he held it out in front of him. The big man, in his torn, snatched it from his grasp. He tore it into minute shreds. While Hubert stili was ataring,a lady advanced. It was Angel. Fart, nil tflA tiimo vnn nrora emnotnn yourself at my expense. You are a charming person. Where are my thirty ponnds F j Hubert was not at all embarrassed. ' He twirled his moustache. I ' Cecil, tbis lady appears to be a friend ! of yours. Where are her thirty ponnds F Cecil stepped up to him. What confounded tricks have yon been np to?' Hubert's air of injared innocence was, in its way, snperb. 'Cecil, this is too mnch ; too mnch ! In mistake for you I have been insulted, all but murdered, and all — ' be turned to the assembled company — ' and all, -upon my word of honour, because I was so unfortunate as to have been born a twin.' — The Idler. 