Some years ago a Victorian philanthropist, Mr. F. Ormoiid, gavo a leoturo on Tho Art of Giving. Ho was a man who had practised a good deal of what ho talked about ; and lie had a theory that giving— liko overy other mental, 'moral or physical act— requires training in order to its development. Tho Hev. Joseph Nichol son showed at Saturday's meeting of the Wesloyan Conference that lie. holds pieiiiy in uoii the same opinion ; and he will, if possible, methodise philanthropy. ThoWesloyan Conference quite agreed with the roverend gentleman, and carried nan. con, his motion for establishinga "systemof " giving." Tho resolution arrived at is : — " That this Conference recommends to our " people tho serious eonsidorationof the duty " and privilege of setting apart a. certain ' portion of their inoomo for religious and " benevolent pnrposes, not demanding any " uniform proportion, recognising that dif- " ferences of income and expenditure " requiro divorsity of allotment ; but " urges that conscientiously and regularly, " as stewards of God, such proportion of " income as is deemed right should bo " devoted by professed Christians " to the purposes named." Having settled on this line of action, tho Coqferonco appointed, a eomniittoo to " organise the same throughout tho Con- " ferqneo." Tho oierical mind is concerned by the fact that whilst .the people spend £5 per head on tippling, tlicy can give to the churches only 12s, 6d, per head per annum. A few people, it is said, give freely and liberally, even magnificently, and tho moss next to nothing. Iii this condition of things ministers have to hear a brunt of cliaritablo appeal, they tell us, altogether disproportionate to their means. Some peoplo have said that the " art of " giving " is in seine danger of becoming a lost art ; and tho complaints launched at this Wosloyivn Conference meeting tend to support that view. Some years ago a vory interesting discussion was started in the English magazines on this subject. At one time it promised to lead to somo- tliing practical ; but ultimately it fell through resultless. Mr. Carnegie held that instead of millionaires and moneyed men leaving at their deaths stupendous hequosts to charitable pur poses, men ought to realise the responsi bilities of wealth in their lifetime and become their own almoners. Mr. Glad- stono followed with a very suggostivo article, recalling a society which ho remembered as having boen launched forty years ago. Truth to say, it was very much on the lines of that of the Rov, Mr. Nicholson, except that instead of applying to one particular church it was as- wide as society itself. It was called the Universal Philanthropic liOague, or something of that kind. There was no fixed organisation, few or no meet ings, and no formal registration of membership. Rut all the men, woman and children in the country wero invited to declare themselves mem bers of it, They hound themselves simply by a compact of conscience to give to purposes of mercy and benevolence every week, month or year a certain per centage of their gross incumos. Tlioy wero not required to make known to anyone what that percentage was, nor the purposes to which jt was applied. One man receiving £500 a year might bestow on alms or good works say 5 per cent., or £25 per annum. Anothor might feel impelled to set apart 10 per cent., or £50, out of a similar salary. But that was a matter purely between them and their consciences. In the same way the particular purposes to which the money should he applied was equally a matter for each one's private judgment. Mr. Gladstone claimed that for some years this society kept itself alive, and had a largo number of operative mem bers all over England. Ho claimed for it that by methodising the mode of giving benefactions becamo so much more easy, and at tho same timo it dispelled a great deal of illusioR as to tho extent to which average people aro called upon to exercise charity. For examplo, if the artisan who earns, say, £3 per week were to make it a rule of his life to give a tithe of his income, lie would set apart 6s. per week, and out of the fund thus created ho would taka all church dues, bazaar subscriptions, private alms and every other form of philan thropy. IIo would pay the tithe into a separate treasury as soon as lie received his wages, and all his cliaritablo dis bursements would bo made from that treasury. Tho description of this scheme was followed by three short articles on A Revival of Tithes in the Nineteenth Century from the Rov. Price Hughes, Cardinal Manning and the Chief ltabbi Adler. The Hebrew dealt with tithes from a Scriptural point of viow, claiming that the Jewish law in demanding for God a tenth of every man's earnings made that statute obligatory on every Jewish con science. He said that though the com mand is largely evaded there are many wealthy Jewish firms in London who regu larly post a column in their ledgers, keep ing a debtor and crcditur account with heaven, just as strictly as with any busi ness client. Another writer went into figures, Reckoning the net incorno of England at £600,000,000, ha pointed out that a tithe of this would yield £60,000,000 a year to be expended in England on works of mercy, and there was an interest ing speculation about the vast chango tliat such an expenditure might soon eircct in the social features of tho country. It Would abolish the submerged ' tenth and convert squalid England into a rose garden. All this, of course, was very pretty and very edifying ; but it fell stillborn for want of some practical hand being put to the plough to tnrn the first furrow. Notori ously what is everybody's business is qohody's, Tha papers pirouetted a littlo ; the magazines mouthed; tho orators scattered a few beautiful periods, and people went on as before, carefully leaving undone those things which they ought to have done. A few private livifs liaye doubtless been influenced by the dis cussion, for we havo had correspondence occasionally in > our columns pointing to this, When Marley's Ghost was reminded that be was always in life a good business man, he broke out in quite an uaghostly fashion — " Business 1 Mankind was my " business 1 The common welfare waB ,my " business 1 Charity, mercy, forboaranao, " boiiovolonco, wero all my business. Why " did I walk through crowds of iny fellow " mon with my oyos oast down, and never " raise tliani to that blosscd star which led " the wiso men to a poor abodo? Woro " thero no poor homes to which its light " would have condnotod mo ? " Pace his Ghostship, wo aro inclined to think that the ncgleot Iioro pointed nut is one that Hprings, not from any lack 'of kindliness, hut from a want of some ByBteni to pick up the plentiful linrvost of olinrity that lios around us. Men need to ho trained in giving just as thoy aro trained to every thing else which thoy do well. Evil is wrought by want of thought As woll ns want a( lionrt, If tithesgiving wero only made fashionablo onoo moro, there would ho no more hard ship in it in the nineteenth century than thoro was threo thousand years ago. Tho proposal carriod by tho Wesloyan Conference at the instance of the Rov. J. Nicholson might with great benefit bo given effect to in a wider sphere. Wo have received information of soma cases in which tho practice is being carried out in Melbourno. One gentlomnn writes to ns : — " I find tile system works admir- " nbly. Six years ago I commenoed by " putting aside 5 per cent of my income. " After a year or two I increasod the per- " contago to 7i. A fow years later I made it ' 10 pur cent. I find it must pleasant and " easy. Sometimes, of course, I have to " slightly overdraw my till ; but the " account is invariably adjusted. It " relieves the act of giving from any feeling " of irksomeness ; nnd at the samo timo " squares a man to face his duty," When it is remembered that the practice of merci ful deeds is twice blossod, blessing liirn who givos as woll 03 him who takes, it is a social question of very great importance to society to cncourago a wide extension of the principlo adopted in the Wosleyan Con ference. " The repeal of our Corn Laws sacrificed " our farmers to our manufacturers. Tho " repeal uf our Navigation Laws opened "our ports to the world. Free-trade in " raw materials gave our mills the wool " and cotton which thoy requited at the " lowest price. And as tho corn wo eat " innkes one voyage, and the raw material " two— one to and one from those islands, " tho Inst in tho sliapo of cloth or calico or " machinery — the shipping trade received " a trehlo bonus by our policy," Thus writes Mr. H. W. Wilson, tho author of tho well-known book, Ironclads in Action ; and it is mainly in consequence of tho adoption of this policy that Mr. Guachon last week announced that during tho last decade of the nineteenth century England would cxpond £55,000,000 on tbo construction of new war ships over nnd abovo tho ordinary navy estimates. Tho adoption of froa-trndo has placed England in a position absolutely unprecedented in the annals of tho world. She is now almost altogether dependent on outsido sources for her food supplies, which menns that in caso of war she could be starvod into submission in a few weeks oven though a Nelson were every day winning the most brilliant of naval victories. Alarming as this state ment is, there can bo littlo doubt that it is quite true; aud Mr. Wilson and other woll-informcd writers have brought for ward incontestable historian! evidence in proof thereof. Lot us consider for a moment tho British consumption of breadstull's during the war ef 1812 apd at tho present day. In the former year tho consumption of corn, including' oats, barloy and rye, then largely used for human food, but since very little used by mnn, was estimated at 35,000,000 qrs., of which not ona-twentioth part was imported. For the year 1894-95 the total imports of wheat and Hour alone amount to 25,078,300 qrs., while only 7,588,000 qrs. woro grown at homo. But oven with tho small importa tion of 1812 tho effect of tho war was to sond tlio price of wheat up to £6 6s. per quarter, the price of tho quartern loaf remaining lor months at Is. 8d.; and it is clearly impossible to estimate what ellect a similar condition of affairs to that of 1812 would have at the present day upon the price of wheat in England. So great is the danger of a snddon stoppage of the corn supplies of Groat Britain in case of tho outbreak of a war tliat a writer in tho curront number of tlio Nineteenth Century suggests that tho Government should raiBo £30,000,000 on Imperial Corn Bonds wherowith to pur chase and always keep on band a reserve of 25,000,000 quarters. Of course wheat is only one item in the long list of com modities, suoli ns moat, butter, cheesa, fruit, eggs and vegetables, for whieh England is depondont upon nutsidesources, but it is certainly the moat important, and if there was a resorvo sullioicnt to enablo tbo beleaguered country to tide over one year, tlie farmers would havo time to increase tlio acrenge under wheat and to supply tho homo market, as thoy did before agriculturo was killed by the introduction of free-trade. The interesting question at the present moment is — How far will the proposed addi tion to the British fleet prevent nations at war with England from interfering with her imports of food stufi's ? When tho war with Franco broke out in 1793 Eng land had 16,073 merchantmen of 1,540,000 tons, manned by 118,000 men, and a navy of 141 ships of the lino, 155 frigates and 129 smaller vessels. The French navy was never in an cfliciont condition, owing to revolution and othor intestino quarrels, yet from first to last tlio French captured 11,000 ships, with cargoes worth £200,000,000, in spite of the victories of the British fleet, These depredations on British commerce wore niostly duo to the cruisers and privateers of France, and there can belittle doubt but that fast cruisers would again sadly interfere with English merchantmen, just as tlio Alabama preyed upon tho shipping of the Northern States, even though general naval engagements were frequently won by the British. But tho superiority of the British over the French cruisers was very marked during the Napoleonic wars, and in 1804 England had 244 frigates against the French 32, or nearly eight to one. In spite of this superiority the Rochcfort squadron in fiyo months during 1805 took four British war ships and 42 merchantmen. The following table prepared by Mr. Wilson shows at a glance that, judged by the records of former wars, England is comparatively weak in tlio important department of cruisers of over 17 knots If I I II S £ m g SI Armored Joror 10.000 tonn .. .. (T crijjscra \ under JO, OOCtona ,.7 6 2 1? 2 USr"",cr7d li 0 S I « 10 Imo'lcrn ;; « > g > f Torpodo gunboati 32 15 8 2 1 Commurca flcs'.rnyero o 2 0 0 B Large aUameri), IV knots ami over.. Ill 13 3 14 5 Large torpedo boat 105 65 72 75 18 mWnW If tlio experience of the past holds good for the future — and there is no reason to supposo otherwise— it is obvious' that England does not at present possess tho supremacy required by her free-trade policy. Mr. Gosehon stated in his speech last week that thero are now in the Admiralty dook yards under process of construction 8 armorod hattlo ships, 21 cruisors and 40 torpedo boat dostroyers, all of wliioh will be completed and ready for sea by July, 1899, their total cost being £7,385,000. Tho eonstruotivo policy of the Government includes the building of livo now armored ships of the improved Renown typo, four first class, threo second class and six third class cruisers nnd 28 torpedo boat destroyers. Enormous as this inoreaso ia, it does not seem to he one whit too groat if llritish commerce is to ho protocted against tho onomy's cruisers. In one rospect England is in a more favor able position tlian slio wa3 during tlio Napoleonic wars, for nations that sub scribed to tlio Declaration of PariB will be prevented liy their own action from com missioning privateers. Rut against that a now syHtom of subsidising fast merchant steamers has como into voguo, and Russia lias even gone so far as to create a volun teer (loot, whoso legality ns a combatant could scarcely he any more disputed in timo of war than that of land volunteer forces. The only way in which England can effectually guard lior com morcc against the enemy's cruisers is by a blookado of hostilo ports, and such a proceeding would requiro an enormous lloet. As far ns tho narrow seas in the immodiato neighborhood of England are concorned, torpedo boats will probably provo very effective, and therefore tbo large increase in this particular ornft will enablo men of war to take a larger part in blockades than tiiey could if required for coast dofence. But no matter how tlio offensive powor of tho navy he increasod, nor what victories may be gained, tho first and principal objaot must bo to ensure an adequate food Bupply. Brilliant defeats of hostile fleots off fSiam or in tho Japanese seas will not prevent starvation at homo, and in the presopt state of English agri culture, even at tlio most favorable timo of tho year — that is, at tho conclusion of the harvest — England only lias wheat on hand sufficient to feed her poople for the short space of 12 weeks. Professor Bastabic, a warm supporter of froe-trndo, writes :— " The strongest army or tlio best equipped " fleet will be useless if tlio supply of food " runs short." And this is tho possiliility within measurable distance of which tlio teachings of Cobdon and Bright have brought Great Britain. 