THOMAS JARVIS INTER- VIEWED. On Thursday afternoon our repre- sentative made his way to tho humble home of Mr. Thomas Jarvis, 45 Crown lane, Ultimo. He was discovered nursing a two- year-old baby, and hid face declared him to be one of the happiest men in Sydney. Ho was up and about and able to answer the knock of the door. Although pale and bearing still the marks of a critical illness, and a period of pain, it was very clear thab he waa aa invalid on the rapid road to convalescence. In reply to the preliminary ques- tions, he said : " Yon want to know all about my case? Well, I am glad of an opportunity to tell you. The facts may be of value to tho3e who are stricken as I was." " How long were yon suffering ?" " Well, twelve months ago I got so bad that I had to LHAVE OFF WORK, and I have done nothing since then. About five years ago, next Christmas, I met with an accident ; I was badly scalded while taking a bath in Pitt street, Sydney. Since the accidont I have been in failing health, and after four years of gradual development of the malady I was forced to give up my billet at the Glebe Island." " What were tho symptoms ?" "Simply indescribible. Tho pains were something terrible. They were just about aa much as I could bear. They vrere for all the world like as if a SAW WBUE CUTTING Ut BONES in two in every parb of me. I had no control over my bowels or bladder, and was a nuisance to myself and everyone else. I was incessantly shivering and shaking, and could neither eat nor sleep. On March 23 Inst I saw a well-known doctor, and be told me that my ouse was utterly hopeless. However, ho gave mo an order to the Directer of Charitable Institutions." " Did you make use of the order ?" " No ; I came home and went to bed, and have been pretty well in bed ever since. Five weeks ago I cuuld not walk across the floor-in fact, I could not get out of bed. I felb then that it was ALL OVER WITH MB, and only a question of days when I would give up the ghost. My doctor was attending me, and did all he could, by opium and morphia pills, to esso the agony I was in. .1 was under him for five or six weeks. He came to the conclusion that I was suffering from Locomotor ataxia, or Progessive loco- motor ataxy, a disease of the spinal cord, characterised by peculiar rii« turbancea of gait and difficulty in co-ordinating voluntary movements. He told me that I might last for 10 .years, and that I might never get the 'use of my leg?. (Jost then the patient kicked his legs about with energy to show that medical opinion is not infallible.) Well, just as a drowning man will grasp it, a straw, I grasped at an idea conveyed by the Advertisement describing the care effected in the case of another boilermaker in Engl »od, which I read in the Australian Workman," by Dr. Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People. 1 read ia the advertisement of a case which seemed to fib my own. I determined to give tho Pink Pills a trial anyway, and SENT ron A BOX The effect was as marvellous as it was magical. I was able to eat and sleep as though nothiug was tho matter with me. It was tho first appetite and rest I had for many a day. lb was in- credible. I immediately lefb the bed and was ablo to move about. I have taken four boxes of Pink Pills during the past four weeks, and am now taking tho fifth box. I CAN WALK ABOUT with the aid of a stick, and am gradually but surely recovering my former vigor and vitality. You see those crutches there ? They are per- fectly new, and I h ava never naod them. They wore made for ms before I gob the Piuk Pille, but I wai too weak to use them, and now I don't want them. All I want is this stick, and I bop? soon to do without it. You see I am rapidly regaining my strength." " He .is 100 per cent, better," said Mrs. Jarvis, who bad come in and taken the baby on her knees. " The Pink Pills have SAVED HIS LIFE, and made another man of bim " A friend who called in at this point said that Jarvis lookel 10 years younger that day than he did a fort- night previously. " I can now," continued Jarvis, " have a cold bath, and all the feeling has come back in my legs. If I keep on going the way I am I hope to be able to work in two months' tima. I feel I shall thou bo well enough to resume work as a boilermaker, and you know I have to ba in the very pink of hoalth and strength to work at that trade. I ara BETTEE TO DAY than I have been at any time during the past five years. I ascribe all the change and benefit to these Pink Pills, Thoy have savef1 my liff». I am in nc pain cow whatever, and feel like a new man. On the mantelpiece thor« is a box of OPIUM AND MORPHIA pills which tho doctor g*vo me tc deaden the excruciating p*in. Bul they can «bay where they aro, for I nc longer need them. Everybody whe knows me has been amazed ab tb< change in me. Th»y can hardly believe their eyes. My being about again has caused quito a sensation ont here." Having wished Mr. Jarvis continutt speed towards recovery, our repre sentative withdrew. 