"i 'I'""" ""'T"= Fa ftkW&RV; ' ! [?] siwwsaim. 1 ww' aiX e'ttaaavW hwmf, »«» ssswsms wSsmIo esMowwEtt-wBi vv. [?] 100.-% ah InffsM ;'w' attempting to rise kut this Balden poeltlvely forhade. ffe Iwd eaoaeedod In etnuohlw the flaw of ; the Uaad froiq n legizod cnt now the temple, end canld eoggest ready theory 1 | to the cense thoreof-ln felling she \ |wd swobebly struok thb edge of the Ut- \ Ilo waeden poet et thotapofthebelBO- \ Iere-bnt beyond thU eaplMWtkm tberf wee ebeolutely natWflC fflte Uuthrte \ traddanreopannt far hot sudden I tw?;br »«o heff oervatte, half laughing thnt eho thought »ho «ew » /> ehoeti lied plnyod Mm oowerd end turned / tomv ' But to the fflllnM' phyelelan It wee evident she bad rebeived e severe shock. Despito hsrplydlnge Dr. Helden hid re- fused to nUovr her to attempt the Jow ny imtl) three dtipm bed elepMd, dnring whteh tttnthoixh the laoghed et H1I& end lengbed at mtmU, bor oondltton iootfaMedao nsrroos ead oxcitable thst he orbnM notpermlf tMtqn fo- »re her- TWswnepretfyhefdtTretwent.thpnghl her mnW lody W«td» et tho pooh Mt be wee wire end they could only obey When tb» evening came tor the depnr- tnre n large cohtlngont, ledloe end o<B- ceie botb.resomblsd to er farewell, and ffite, Mrs. Bohhm, each or the oblldreo end even the none could here had two or three sscorta to the train. But nooue ' had opportnnity to say much to the ceo- ' trol iignro of sdlthleeympetbetlolntew est. .(Only at tho laet moment did ebo eppear. end was ushered elmoet instant ly to . the waiting carriage , hjr Hotdeo. Who had only sommonsd her when vlgt- |ent;aiy«i. had reported the headlight of the; expiree visible tor np the valley. Put then down at the dark platform of the station feithfal, sad faced Rolto was Waiting, end in the minute or two that intervened before- the hugs train came glaring, hissing end thundering along side he managed to here e woTd or two With her. hire. Vance, had aha been present, might here vowed that Kits shrank anil clung to ffolden'e arm, but others who were thoro sew bor extend her gloved bond cordially,' eew that Rolto clung to It en instant— charitable others who pould only wive adieu, tor the. party wee hnrriod aboard, end away went the ex press, ths toil lights of the rear, sleeper disappearing in the dripping gloom eronud the bend, for, ee though ia syiti hsthy with the monrntng of the poat, I drizzling rain hid begun to fall just after retreat jBolfo, gazing of tor thom to the last, wore that look aeon on the fore of uuiny another man many (mother thus. There can be few sensation! more .- ) dismal than that of watching the dimp- / peering lights of the train that bears I away one's best bolovsd, especially Ip I the eyes of him who stands rejected. ' / "Let me drive yoo home, Rolto," said I Bolden Madly. ?Twoof a Mod," wee | bis mental additiea. And Rolto turned I slowly away, noitlior man laying an- I other weed oatil once more tbey stood at the got ef the now deserted home > J "Cores ia sad bare e.pipe." f "Thanksnot— now, doctor." Along ' vrlstfalpaare.then— "Well, good night" "(load night, old men. Come when yotj Will; I'D bo lonely now." And tho doctor stood and gased after him long and earnestly as the captain strode Into , tbo darknew ont over the parade. WltMn tbs days that followed, when uhad Idsoreto think It ell over, Bolden \- felt hia perplexities increase. Dp to ths retjr last Mite had persisted In her state- tusat that nothing hod happened to war rant tha aboard exhibition the bad made of barrel!. /"I was overwrought norv ous, unsinng," aba said. "I had not been fasting fittita w»IL I had nia up to ths room tor my gloves, which I bad left upon ths table. I bad not reached the door, and it was just the waring of those white curtains ia tho draft from the side window. 1 oust bare thought I rew a ghost, and, llkta tool, I scream ed aad tripped, and— voile tout." Sot fcWn had known her tor da yteto and tolt well earned aha was not of the staff that lo easily stricksn with terror. With every confidreco la her veracity in green bo did net la the least believe her now. 'Tho more ha studied the matter bs toll- that aha was hiding something from thom one and nil. even from Jreuie, whom she dearly loved and whom ordinarily she frankly trusted. It was evident that JesuiA too. believed, at did bar husband, the doctor, that there was something behind ft all. Bat Jennie was gent, and, except tKMslbly Rolto, there was no one to aid him la his inarch after the truth. Rolfo'e heart was now so shrouded ha it own gloom that any phase of tragedy aremad credible. Rolto evidently wanted, to know Holden'e suspicions or immlaas and again and again lad nptothosdh- ject; bat of. all men la the garrison, ranch as be esteemed Urn, Rolf e seemed hardly the man to msks a coofldant of raw. Was be not Mite's avowed tboogfa redacted levari Of eaorasbBO time bad been lost la nuking- iavsetifation on tha algbt of . tbsoocninare Kves while tbe doctor and oUmh ware reistog the naooosdoas girl Crore tha Boer, half a dozen oBorn ware aeoariag the premises tor signs of Intradan and bad found . absolutely nothing. : Tho room occupied'1 by Mlsa Uuthxio ha the doctor's traure was imme diately to tha left at tha bred of the stairs.' The hall was bread, tho landing roomy. It was one of tho oldest seta of ipuartare 'at tho post, aad an oddity la fts way. Entering ths door of tho rear room on the oast, three windows ap peared, two opening at tha back and one at tbs aids. The two at tha beak looked 'out over the roof of tha rear poreh. lt ores perfaotly practicable for anyone with o ladder to havo clambered to this roof, and, .had tha blinds bean open, peered in the windows at the occu pant. But there was ho ladder. What . waa more/the blinds ware tight shot and bolted oaths, inside. Tho shades within were drawn down, and ths lace curtains looped over each. Between them stood a long, old fash ioned mirror shore ths toilet table, draped with lace enrtsini very, ranch at were tbs windows themselves. "No one from withont conld have been visible to nny one within. No one; Within could have been open. by any one without. \- Moreover, ths Holding eaak-T«a indamr ' ttabloniriiliwoinan— vrai onVjtha bocl porch at the moment ..ot Mill Unthrio'f fright saying good night to Carparu Marphy, who had long been Kathleen's devoted admirer, and both stood ready to swaar that nobody was on that roof. The rear, windows thus disposed of, the doctor had turned his attention to tha ' window at tha side, and here, there was 1 possibility of axplamriibm. . jAs has bean said, ths Holdens1 housd was one of ths eldest at ths old frontier font but so solidly and substantially had' i t bam boilt that, when others were coo- 'damned sad ordered replaced along the tow, the authorities had decided tore-' tain "Bayard HalL" It was originally - , a double let, with hallway in common,' intended for the use of four bachelor efleare, each to have his two rooms, there bring four rooms on the first and four on ths aaoond floor, whits ths kitchen aad servants' rooms wan placed, in a wqedeu. '.addttloa ' at tho rear, k-rTha gTOund fell away rapidly from tha front ptazxe, to that whila tbafirpt fiwr front was hint a tow steps higher than the walk, the roar porch wa a fall' story above tho ground, giving abundant space tor storerooms etc., finder that part of tbe house, and necessitating a flight of a dozen iteps to reach ths porch or the kitchen doorway. ' 'Around the front and sides of the second story thne ran originally a broad gallary, but tola waa before the days of the war of tha n- belllon, during which tha poet waa lit tle used, and when, after certain repairs and alterations, the hauie was dtclarsd assignable as family quartan, toe old wooden gallery had been condemned and torn down. Nevertheless, the beams which were its support on the east were fonnd solid and firm. 1 ' They projected throngh the wall of rough hewn atone, and an old time quar termaster, selecting the honse for his own use, had thrown a light gallery ont > upon them. It mode inch a convenient place for flower pots, shrnbs, bathtubs aud things of that description, said ha. Furthermoro-it was a place where he could go In the warm evenings and smoke nnd sip his toddy with his chosen associates, and not have every garrison gabbler crowding in to disturb thetr chat cud absorb his precious lonongo- hela. Tho gallery had no roof, was only five feet wide and was inaccessible except through this one window, which the un sociable major bad had cat down level with tho floor, "Robbers' Roost" the disdainful subalterns used to call it in the days when bluff old Blitz had occu pied the quarters nnd barred out all but his chums, nnd by tho samo name wnsit known when Holden moved in with his wife and olive branches and took up his abode there a few years before the open ing of this story. « ceo cue eleventh marched ont and (bs Twelfth came in. Colonel Fhrquhsr, finding the dc.tur in possession, decided that ths Holdens shonld not be disturbed —that there was abundant room for others in tho new quarters. Tho Hol dens' entertained a great deal. Pleasant people' woro visiting them month after month, nnd evorybody In tho Twelfth bleroed them for the brightness and gay- ety their preseuco lent to tho garrison. A sterling fellow was Holden, one of the best men tn one of tho very best corps, personally and professionally, in onr lit tle army; and as for bis wife, an nccom- hood, everybody in tha garrison delight- ad in bar friendship and kindliness. There waa no mora popular parlor than Holden'a, and nightafter night tbe young officers gathered there;. Bat "Robbers? Roost" bad fallen into disuse. The glass door was generally shut, and the Vene tian blinds with which old Blltx had decorated it were ordinarily closed ex cept when this, one of their two gneit chambers, was occupied. Shades and lace curtains similar to those at toe rear windows draped it wlthta, so that from the interior this (Ida door presented al most ths lama appearance as the win dows themselves, and it stood directly opposite the bell door. .Bat Miss Guthrie had become enthusi astic over ths lovely view down tha Pawnee valley from that aide gallory. fihe was frequently to bo seen there. She had gone ont for ono farewell look as tbs valley lay flooded In the light of the fall moan, and this waa immediately after changing her dress. Sho was exclaiming over its beauty as arrayed for her jour ney she came dancing down the stairs to join her hostess and the excited children ia the parlor.. .'She suddenly missed her gloves, remembered that too bad left them In her room, had scurried np the stain, bad reached tha landing at tha top,.trat never entered her room st Ml, when there was heard that awful shriek of terror and a heavy falL Holden at the Instant waa in his own room, tha rear Momoa tho opposite aide of tha bouse, and was changing his best uni form into something more suitable for a vim down to the railway. J This had delayed him a second or two, so thst Bfcwiter and Randolph, two of the most active of the junior officers, were foremost at his heels as he flew np tho stairs. His first core was for Nlta, bat tbs youngsters had bounded Into the ' room end ont on the gallery, as though expecting to overtake some Intruder thtoa. Tha side door was wido open, ths shads up, the lace curtains drawn apart If any one had been tn tho room escape to tha gallery was easy enough, but from there there was practically nono except by a leap of fifteen or twonty feet to the hard ground bolowNo ono had run ont, either front or back, for Murphy and tha Irish cook were at the rear on the east side, the rushing swarm of officere- at tha ftont If any one hod hidden there escape unobserved was well nigh impossible. No one was fonnd— -no trace of anyone. Indeed, when Kits was per mitted to talk aha vowed tha| no ono had been there, Sho herself had left the blinds, door and curtains open as she came in from' the. moonlit gallery, had turned out her lamp and descended the stairs. Tha gallery doorway could not his seen from where aha . foil; and as all was darkness In the room Itself, how sbnld she have seen any one? - \- put on the gsllery, of coprse, anyvo'oa would nave been revealed, tnanks to the brlllianoy of the fall moon, almost as in . the brood glaze of day; but one had to - bo at the hall dooror in the square room itself in order to see the gallery at all, and Nlta declared, aa before, that aha had not reached tho door. What she fancied was a ghost, bathed ina pale, cold light, - was probably the white curtains of the .rear windows. But the light— whenoe come that? The possibility of any one having been - In the' room waa not entertained. ' Prompt and thorough search had been made in every nooc and oorner of tha the npper story. The rooms of the nurse and children were on the westward side of toe hall, and the nurse was In one of them, patting on her hat, at toe vary moment. ' The front room on tile east waa unoccupied." Nlta had chosen tha ether because of that gallery and its lovely view. . Then there was the rear dope of themaln roof-above the gal lery. "That, thought Holden, might have offered a way of escape, because it .was ont of sight from the parade. ' . ¥But Brewster and Banduph had both essayed io reach the eaves, and even when standing entire railing could bare ly touch them with the tips of their fingers. Then, again, a sentry walked sdong the edge of the slope leading to tho river bottom sonth of toe long row of officers' quarters aad dose behind the roar fence, but ha was at the eventful moment well down the row beyond Has- latt's house, whoxeas Dr. Holden's was at the eastern end of tha line. IThamoon shone fall against the back tonce, (aid too sentry, and he was sure he would have seen anybody who ran ont of the gate of the doctor's yard, and' the first who appeared were the' searobingoffi- cera, Corporal Murphy with them. Sev- \- eral men had then coma running from the direction of the laundresses' quar ters to the west, and after them Ser geant EUls. Indeed, ft wu Ellis who first suggested a search of the roof by means of a ladder. Ho was sergeant in chargo of tho fire apparatus kept in that long, low building at tbe east end, and had the keys of the door, 'ft was by his aid that some of too junior officers mado a thorough exam at(on of the roof and tho front porch. No moro signs there than had hitherto been fonnd. No, tho sentry on the south post was confident that no man camo out of Holden's yard, nntti he got to tho goto, whither he- had ran the in stant ho heard the cry. He thought it might be a lamp explosion or is fire, and ho was watching with eager oyee. Ho had boon on post nearly two hours when tho alarm came, and, except Corporal - Murphy and tho quartermaster's men who took tha trunks, ho had not seen or hoard n man about tho promises. Kath leen, tho nursemaid, and the children had been homo all tho evening, and thqy had neither seen nor heard anybody, , ' 'Captain Rolfe, nnable to sleop, and making tbe rounds on his own acconnt about quo o'clock, found tho sentry of the thlnl relief gazing enrionsly in at tho open bnck gate, and questioned bim as to what excited lib attention. ' "Nothing, sir," wnn tho prompt reply of tho troopor, as ho throw his carhino to the position of "arms port." "1 was simply wondering how any man conld have ventured in there this bright night and expected to get out nnsocn, es pecially early In tho evening, when men are passing to nnd fro all the time." . > "What mado yon thinR any one had bean there?" asked tbs captain quietly. . "Everybody has heard by this time that there was a search .'made, and that tho young lady had seen something to frighten her. Besides, Sergeant EUia poke of it to mo an hoar ago." "What was tha sergeant doing on yonr post at midn!ght7" "Why, sir, tho captain remembers Sergeant Ellb b in charge of tho firo 1 honse and sleeps there. ' Ho came ont a tittle before twelve and said he'd lost lib pot plpo whilo bo was hnnting round with Lieutenant Brewster after be brought tho lndder, nnd 1 let him pass in, sir. He sold ho'd been working there long after taps, nnd ft wonld bs all right Ho fonnd tho pipe, sir, right at the edgo of tho wood pilo, yonder. He showed it to me as he came ont" Captain Rolfe was client a moment Ordinarily none of tho cnlbted men bad any right to be away from quarter after tho "lighb ont" signal, bnt thb caso was unusaaL Furthermore, EUb was a man superior in intelligonco, s sergeant of moro tbon a year's standing, and one who Irnfi been selected tor thb especial duty for the very reason that, holding himself mnch aloof from toe avorago ran of the rank and file, ha would be apt to attend strictly to hb duties as custodbu of tho fire house, and no ono had over heard of hb abasing bb trust .His own little room was a model of nentness when tbe command ing officer mnda hb monthly inspection of the garrison, and tho hoso carriage, the hook and ladder track, the fire buckets and other apparatus were al ways lu perfect order and readiness for service. No ouo over inspected Ellb' quarters nt uny other time. The guard often noticed hb light after midnight, end he had the reputation of being a good deal of a reader and student, tek- ' ing books from the poat library very often, besides owning quito a number of bbown. tl iObservant officers who had glanced abont when making the Inspection with Colonel Furqnhsr noted that many 'of these were texts on mining, mining en gineering, mineralogy and geology, and somo had gone so far as to question the sergeant as to whether he had over prac tically ossayed mining. With perfeotly respectful manner Ellb replied to these occasional queries, rnorely saying, "Yes, sir; but without success." Asked, where he had made hb. . essay, hb reply was rather vogue," "In several western states and territories, sir— mainly Arizona and Colorado,".. Only once bad. he displayed anything like annoyance or impatience ' under such firo,' ; He ' had " served his three yeora enlistment, "was entitled to his dbcharge, yet quietly, notified ;his. troop; commander that he proposed to re- enlbt. In a somewhat sharp, tgahher that official had whirled about. ' ' V . 7T-T " ' \ 