THE SHADOW IN THE MOONLIGHT. By MRS. MOLESWORTH [Author of " Hathcrcourt History," "Four Winds Farm,'' <tc., &c-.;] PART I. We never thought of Finster St. Mabyn's being hauuied. really never did. This may seem strange, but it is absolutely true. It was such an extremely interesting and curious place in many wavs, that it required nothing extraneous to add to its attractions. Perhaps this was the reason. Nowadays, immediately that von hear of a house being '" very old," the nest, remark is sure to be "1 hope it is' 1 —or " is not—that depends on tiie tasto of the sneaker—"haunted." But Finster was more than very old ; it was "ancient" and, in a modest way, historical. I will not take up time by relating i (s history, however, or by referring iny readers to tlio chronicles in which mention of it may bo found. Nor shall I yield to the temptation of describing the roam in which a ccrtiin royalty spent one night, if not two or three nights, four centuries ago, or the tower, now in ruins, where an even more renowned personage w^ imprisoned for several months. All these facts —or legends—have nothing to do with what I have to tell. Nor, strictly spsaking, has Finster itself, except as a sort of prologue to my narrative. We heard of the house through friends living in tho ftamo county, though several miles further inland. They—Mr. and Miss Miles: it is convenient to give their name at once—knew that we had been ordered to leave our own home for some months to get over the effects of a verv trying visitation of influenza, and that sea- air was specially desirable. Wc grumbled at this. Seaside places are often so dull and commonplace. But when we heard Finster we grnmbl«i no longer. " Dull" in a sense it might ce, but assuredly not * € commonplace." Janet Jfliles's description of it, though she was not particularly clever at description, read liie a fairy tale, or one of Longfellow's poems. " A castle by the sea—how perfectwe all exclaimed. "Do, oh, do, fit for it, mother!" The objections were quiclcly overruled. It •was rather isolated, said Miss Miles, standing, as was not difficult to trace iti its name, on a point of land—a corner rather—"with sea on two si das. It had not been lived in, save spasmodically, for some years, for the late owner was one of those najKjy, or unhappy people, who have more IIOUSCE than they can use, and the present one was a minor. Eventually it was to be overhauled and some additions and alterations made, Ibut the trustees would be glad to let it at a mofierate rent for Bomemonths, and had intended putting it into some agents' hands when Mr. Males happened to meet -one of them, who mentioned it to him. There was" nothing against it; it was absolutely healthy. But the furniture was old and shabby, and there was none too much of it. If we wanted to have visitors WB should certainly require to add to it. finis, however, could easily be done, our informant went on to say. There was a very good upholsterer and furniture dealer at Raxtrew, the tnearest town, who was in the habit of hiring out things to the officers at the fort—Indeed" sho added. "TFB often pick up charming old pieces of furniture from him for next to nothing, BO you could both hire and buy." Of course we should have visitors—and our own house would not be the worse for some additional chairs and tables here and there in plaoe ef some excellent monstrosities Phil and Nugent and I had persuaded motfher to get rid of. " If I go down to spy the Land with father," I said, "Ishall certainly go to the furniture dealers and have a good look about me." I did go with father. I was nineteen—it is four years ago—and a capable sort of girl. Then I was the only one who had not been ill, and mother had been the worst of all, mother and Dormy—poor little chap—for he nearly died. ' . » Re is the youngest of us—we are four boys and two girls. Sophy was then fifteen. My own name is Leila* If I attempted to give any idea of the impression of Finster St. Mabyn's made upon us, ^ I should go on for hours. It simply took our breath away. It really felt like going back a few centuries merely to enter within the walls and gaze round you. And yet we did not Bee it to any advantage, so at least said the two Miles, who were our guides. It was a gloomy day, with the feeling of rain not far off, early in ApriL It might have bsen November, though it was not cold. '' You can scarcely imagine what it is on a bright day," said .Tanet, eager, as people always are in such circumstances, bo show off her "trouvaille." "The lights and shadows are so exquisite." " I love it as it is," I said. "I don't think I shall ever regret having seen it first on a grey day. It is just perfect. She was pleased at my admiration, and did her utmost to facilitate matters. Father was taken with the place, too, I could see, but he hummed and hawed & good deal about the bareness of the rooms—the bedrooms especially. So Janet and I went into it at once in a business-like way, making lists of the actually necessary additions, which did not prove very formidable, after all. "Hunter will manage all that easily," said Miss Miles, upon which 1 father gave in ; I believe he had meant to do so all the time. The rent was really so low that a little furniturehire could be afforded, I suggested, and father agreed. " It is extremely low," he said, " for a place possessing so many advantages." But even then it did not appear to any of us to suggest "(suspiciously low. We had the Miles' guarantee for it all to begin with. Had there been any objection they must have known it. We spent the night with them and the next morning at the furniture-dealer's. He was a quick, obliging little man, and took in the situation at a glance; and his terms were so moderate that father said to mo amiably "There are some quaint odds and ends here, Leila. You might choose a few things to use at Finster in the first place, and then to take home with us. 1 1 was only too ready to profit by the permission, and with Janet's help a few charmingly quaint chairs and tables, a three-cornered wall cabinet, and some other trifles were soon put aside for us. We were just leaving when at one end of the shop some tempting-looking draperies caught my eye. " What are these?" I asked the upholsterer. •'Curtains. Whv, this is real old tapestry'." The obliging Aunter drew out the material in question. "They are not exactly curtains, miss, he said. " I thought they would make nice portiires. You see the tapestry is set into cloth. It was so frail when I got it that it was the cmlv thing to do with it." lie had managed it very ingeniously. Two panels, so to say, of old tapestry, very charming in tone, had been lined and framed with dull green cloth, making a very good pair of portieres indeed. " Oh, papa, " I cried, " do letus have those. There are sure to be draughty doors at Finster, and afterwards they would make perfect portieres for the two side doors in the hall at home." Father eyed the tapestry appreciatively, but first prudently enquired the price. It seemed higher in proportion than Hunter's ather charges. " You see, sir," he said, half apologeticallv, "the panels are real antique work, though eo much the worse for wear." "Where did thoy come from?" asked father. Hunter hesitated. "To tell you tho truth, sir," he replied. " I was asked not to name the party that I bought it from. It seems a pitj' to part with heir looms, but—it happens sometimes—I bought "several things together quite lately of a family. The portieres have only come out of the woijcroom this morning. We hurried on with them to stop them fraying more—you see where they were before they must have been nailed io the wall." •Tanet Miles, who was something of a connoisseur, hadfbeen examining the tapestry. "It is well worth what he asks," she said, in alow voice. " You don't often come acruss Euch tapestry ill England." So the bargain was struck, and Hunter promised to see all that we had ehoseu, both purchased and hired, delivered at Finster the week before we proposed to come. Nothing interfered with our plans. By tlie and of the month wo found ourselves at our temporary home—all of us exempt Nat, our third brother, who was at school. Dormer, the small boy. still did lessons with Sophy's governess. The two older "bovs," a^ we called them, happened to lie at homo from different reasons — one, Nugent, on leave from India; Phil, forced to miss a term at College through an attack of the same illness which had treated mother and Dorrny so badly. But now that e.'er3*body was well again, and going to bo very much better, thanks to Finster air, we thought the ill wind had brought us some very distinct good. It would aot have been half such fun had we not been a arge family party to start with, and befor.; we had been a week at the pi am wo had j idded to our numbers bv the first detachment I of the guests we had invi'ed. It wa« not a very large house; besides ourselves. we had not room for more than three or four others. For some of the rooms —those on the top story—were really too dilapidated tn suit any one but rats—"rats or ghosts," said some one laughingly one day, when we had been exploring them. Afterwards the words returned to mv me||i:iry. < : end made ourselves very com:"'irlrM'-, tlinir- - to the invaluable Hunter. Ann eve.-v day the weather grew milder and more suvinrlik". The woods on l n- ''nlaud sirf" were full of-primroses. It promised to be & lovely season. There was a gallery a'cnr one side of the house, which soon became ^ favourite resort: it made a pleasant, loungmg- pi.iee, in the davtime especially, though less so in the evening. j i ! ! ; S 1 j ! I | j as the fireplace at one end wanned it but imperfectly, and besides this it was difficult to light up. It was draughty, too, as there was a superfluity of donrs, two of which, one at each end. we at once condemned. They were not needed, and the one led by a very long spiral staircaso to the unused attic rooms, the other to the kitchen and offices. And when we did have afternoon tea ill the gallery, it was easy to bring it through the dining or drawing rooms, long rooms, lighted at their extreme ends, which ran parallel to the gallery lengthways, both of which had a door opening on to it as well as from the hall on the other side. For all the 'principal room's at Finster were on the first floor, not on (he ground floor. The closing of these doors got rid of a great deal of draught, and, as I have said, the weather was really mild and calm. One afternoon — 1 am trying to begin at the beginning of our strange experiences : even at the risk of long windedness it seems better to do so —we were all assembled in the gallery at tea-time. The children," as we called Sopbv and- Dormer, much to Sophv'.s disgust, and their governess, were witlius, for rules were relaxed at Finster. and Miss Larpeut was a great favourite with us all. Suddenly, iSophv gave an exclamation of annoyance. "Mamma," she said, "I wish you would speak to Dormer. He has thrown over my tea-cup—only look at my frock I If you cannot sit still," she added, turning to the bov herself, " I don't think you should be allov.-ed to come to tea here." " What is the matter, Dormy'.'" said mother. Dormer was standing beside Sophy, looking very guilty, and rather white. " Mamma," lie said, " I was only drawing a chair out. It got so dreadfully cold where, I was sitting, I really could not stay there," and he shivered slightly. He had been sitting with his back to one of j the locked-up doors. Phil, who was nearest, moved his hand slowly across the spot. I "You are fanciful, Dormy," he said, "thtre ] is really no draught whatever. ' This did not satisfy mother. I ! "He must have got a chill then," she said, and she went on to question the child a.s to what ho had being doing all day, for, as I have said, he was still delicate. But he persisted that he was quite well, and no longer cold. It wasn't exactly a draught." he said, "it was—oh 1 just icy, all of .a sudden. I've felt it before—sitting m that chair." Mother said no more, and Dormer went nn with his tea, and when bed-time came he seemed just as usual, so that her anxiety faded. But she made thorough investigation as to the possibility of any draught coming up from the back stairs, with which this door communicated. None was to be discovered — the door fitted fairly well, and beside this, Hunter had tacked felt round the edges— furthermore, one of the thick heavy portitres had been hung in front- An evening or two later we were sitting in the drawing-room after dinner, when a cousin who was staying with us suddenly missed her fan. "Run and fetch Muriel's fan, Dormy," I said, for Muriel felt sure it had slipped under the dinner table. None of the gentlemen had as yet joined us. " Why, where are you going, child?" us ho turned towards the further door. "It is much quicker by the gallery." He said nothing, but went out, walking rather slowly 111' tho gallery door. And in a few minutes he returned fan m hand, but by the other door. He was a sensitive child; and, though I wondered what he had got into his head against the gallery, I did not say anything before the others. But when, soon after, Dormy said "good night," and. went oft' to bed. I followed him. ." WTiat do you want, Leila?" he said, rather crassly. "Don't be vexed, child," I said. " I cansoe there is something the matter. Why do you not like the gallery?" He hesitated, but I had laid my hand on his shoulder, and he knew I meant to be kind. " Leila," l^e said, with a glancc round to be sure that no one was within hearing—wc were standing, he and I, near the inner dining-room door, which was open—" you'll laugh at me, but—there's something queer there—sometimes !" "What? And how do you mean, 'sometimes?'" I asked, with aslight thrillat liis tone. "I mean, not always. I've felt it several times—there was the cold the day before yesterday ; and, besides thn.t, I've felt a—a sort of breaving"—Dormy was not perfect m his " ths"'—" like somebody very unhappy." "Sighing?" I suggested. " Like sighing m a whisper," he replied, ami that's always near th£ door. But last week—no, not solongago,|^K-ason Monday— I went round that way wlnf I was going to bed. I didn't want to be silly. But it was moonlight—and—Leila, a shadow went rill along tile wall on that side, and stopped at the door. I saw it waggling about—its hands,"' and here he shivered—"on that funny curtam that's hung up, as if it was feeling for a minute or two, and then " Well—what then?" " It just went out," he said, simply. " But it's moonlight again to-night, sister, and 1 daren't sec it again. I just daren't." "But you did go to the dining- room that way," I reminded him. "Yes, but 1 shut my eyes and ran, tindeven then I felt as if something cold was behind me." "Dormy, dear," I said, a good deal concerned, " 1 do think it's your fancy. You are not quite well yet, you know." "Yes, 1 am," he replied sturdily. "I'm not a bit frightened anywhere else. I sleep in a room alone, you know. It's not me, sister, it's somefing in the gallery." "Would you bi3 frightened to go there with me now? We can run through the diningroom : there's no oue to see us," and I turned in that direction as I spoke. Again my little brother hesitated. "I'll go with you if you'll hold hands," he said, "but I'll shut my eyes. And ] won't open them till you tell me there's no shadow on the wall. \ou must tell me truly." " But there must be some shadows," I said, "in this bright moonlight, trees and branches, or even clouds scudding across—something of that kind is what you must have seen, dear." He shook his head. " No, no, of course I wouldn't mind that. I know the difference. No—you couldn't mistake. It goes along, right along, in a creeping way, and then at the door its hands come further out, and it feels." "Is it like a man or a woman?" I said, beginning to feel rather creepy myself. " I think it's most like a rather iittle man," he replied ; "but I'm not sure. Its head has got something fuzzy about it—oil, I know— like a sticking out wig. But lower down it seems wrapped up, like in a cloak. Oh—it's horrid." And again he shivered—it was quite time akl this nightmare nonsense was put out of his poor little head. Ttook his hand and held it firmly ; we went through the dining-z oom. Nothing could have looked more comfortable and less ghostly. For the lights wore still burning on the table, and the flowers in their silver bowls, some wine gleaming in the glasses, the fruit and pretty dishes, made a pleasant gloiv of colour. It certainly seemed a curiously sudden contrast when we found ourselve3 in the gallery beyond, cold and unillumined, save by the pale moonlight streaming through the unshuttered windows. For the doors closed with a bang ns we passed through—the gallery was a draughty place. Dormv's hold tightened. "Sister," he whispered. " I've shut my eves now. You must stand with ycur back to the windows—between them, or else you'll think it's our own shadows—and watch." I did as he said, and—I had not long to wait. It came—from the further end. the second condemned door, whence the winding stair mounted to the attics—it seemed to begin, or at least take form there. Creeping along, just as Dorm}' said—stealthily but steadily— right down to the other extremity of the long room. And then it grew blacker—more concentrated —and out from the vague outline came two bony hands, and. ;i.s the child had said, too, you couldsee that thev were feeling—all over the upper part of the door. I stood and watched. I wondered afterwards at my own courage, if courage it was. the. shadow ui a small man, 1 felt sure. The head seamed large in proportion, and—yes—it —the original of the shadow — was evidently covered by an antique wig. Half mechanically I glanced round—as iF in search of the material body that must b:: there. Hut no. there was nothing, literally nothing, that could throw this extraordinary shtwlov.. Of this I was instantly convinced, and here I mav ;:s v.-ell say uiice for all. that never was it maintained bv aiiv u:ie, liov/evi'r, nrevioupb-sc-opncal, who had fully witn-sscd'tlif? whole, that it could iic accounted for by oidlliarv, ov, as yieoplu say, "natural'' eaitsi^. There was this pecoiianty at least about our ghct. Though I had fast hold of his hand I had almoit fcrgottcii Doriny—1 seemed in a trance. Suddenly ho spoke, though in a whisper. "You see it, 1 know you do," he saiil. "Wait, wait a minute, dear, ' I managed to rcnlv in the sauio tone, though f could not have cxD'aineci why j waited. Dormer had said that after a time—a f ter the ghastly and apparently fruitless ieeling all Oix-r tiie door —" it" —" went out."' I think it was this that I was waiting for. It wa« not quite as he had said. The door v.-as in the extreme corner u'. the nail, ihe hinges almost in the angle, and as tin- shadow ixjga.il to move on again it looked as it di-,jpneared—but no, it was only fainter. My eyes, pri't-rnaturally shai-pened by my 1:1- the corner, a- assuredly no shadow in the leal sru-e of the vvr-1 over did nor could do. 1 n>nii;:e<! t!n\ :-.:id the: sense .,f horror grew all '.mi intolerable, vet I stood still, clasping tiie cold little hand in mine tighter and tighter. And an instinct of protection of the child Kav,s me strength. Busidcs it v as coming on so quickly—we could not have escaped — it was coining, nay it was behind us. "Leila!' gasped Dormy, "the coldfeel you it now':" Yes, truly—like r.o icy breath ihat I had ever felt before was that momentary, but horrible thrill of utter cold, if ir had Ip-sted another second I think it would hai e Ldled us both. But, mercifully, it passed, 111 far l^ss time than ir lias taken me to tell it. and then we seemed m some strange v. ay to 0 released. "Open your eyes, Dormy, ' .1 said, "you won't see anything. I promise you. ] want to rush across to the dining-room." He obeyed me. 1 felt there Mas tune to escape before that awful presence would again have arrived at, the dining-room door, though it was coming—ah, yes, it was coming, steadily pui-suing its gha-stlv round. And, alas! the diuuig-rooni door was closed. But I kept my nerve to some extent. I turned tin; handle without over much trembling, and in another moment the door shut and locked behind us, we stood in safety, looking at eaehother m the blight cheerful 100111 we had left so short a time ago. Was it so short a time? I Eaid to myself. It seemed hours. And through the door open to the liall came at that moment the sound of cheerful laughing voices from tile drawing-room. Some one was coming out. It seemed impossible, incredible, that within a few feet of the matter-of-fact pleasant material life, this horrible inexplicable drama shoitld be going on, as doubtless it still was. Of the two 1 was no v. niore upset than my Iittle brother. I was older and " took in" more. He, boy-like, wasin a, sense triumphant at having proved himself correct and 110 coward, and though he was still pale, his eyes shone with excitement and a queer kind of j satisfaction. But lieforc we had done more than look at each other, a figure appeared i^t the open doorway. It was Sophy. " Leila," she said, " mamma wants to know what you are doing with Dormy? He is to go to bed at once. Wo saw you po out of the room after him, and then a door banged. Mamma says if you are playing with him, its very bad for iiim so late at night." Dormy was very quick. He was still holding my hand, and he pinched it to stop lny replying. Rubbish," he E.aid. "1 am speaking to _ Leila quietly, and she is coming up to my j room while I undress. Good night, Sophy." "Tell mamma Dormv really wants me," I added, and then Sophy departed. " We miLsn't, tell her, Leila," said the boy. " She'd have 'aterics." " Whom shall we tell?" I said, for I was beginning to feel very helpless and upset. "Nobody, to-night," ho replied, sensibly. " You mustn't go in there," and lie shivered a little :LS he moved his head towards the gallery, "you're not fit for it, and they'd be wanting vou to. Wait till the momiug, and then I'd—I think I'd tell Philip first. You needn't be frightened to-night, sister. It won't stop you sleeping. It didn't me the time I saw it before." He was right. I slept dreamlessly. It was as if the intense nervous strain of those few minutes had utterly exhausted me. 