CARDS IN CHURCH. The following curious article is taken from. an English newspaper of the year 1773, and is there called the " Perpetual Almanac; or the Soldier's Prayer Book," by Richard Lane, a private soldier belonging to the 42nd regiment, who was taken before the Mayor of Glasgow for playing cards during divine service: The Sargeint commanded - the soldiers to church, and when the parson read his prayers and took his text, those who had a Bible took it out; but this soldier had neither a Biblle nor a Common Prayer Book, but, pulling out aspack of cards, lie spread them out before him. He first looked at one card, and then at an-?ther. The sergeant of the company saw him, and said : " Richard, put up the cards: this is no plrc . fr them," " Never mind that," said Richard. When the service was over, the constable took Richard prisoner and brought him before the Mayor " Well," said the Mayor. " what have you brought this soldier here for 1" "For playing cards in church." 't Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself ?" " Much, sir, 1 hope." " Very good ; if not, I will punish you more than ever mrsan was pun ished." " I have been," said the soldier, "about six weeks on the m-irch ; I have neither Bible:nor Common Prayer Book; I have nothing but a common pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions." "Very good." said the Mayor. Then, spreading the cards before the Mayor, lie beg.n with the ace. " When I see the ace, it reminds me there is out one God. " When I see the deuce, it reminds me of Father and Son. " When I see the trey, it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. "When I see the four, Evangelists that preached, viz :-Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. " When I see the five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but live were fools and were sent out.. " When I see the six, it reminds methat in six days the Lord made heaven and earth.-ยง ' Wb'ifse??b KI tsevenraiininds me'tha.onihle seventh iayGod'resteild fro tl;eiworks He' hsd 'made,' and hallowed it. "When I see the eightof the righteous persons that were saved when God drowned the world, viz., Noah and his wife, his three sons and theic wives. " When I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our saviour. There were ten, but nine never returned tha-nks. "When I see the ten, it reminds me of the Ten Command nents, which God handed down, to Moses on a table of stone. "When I see the King, it reminds me of the great King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. "When I see the Queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who wont to hear the wise son of Solomon, for she.was as wise a woman as he a'man. Sho brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in.boys' apparel, for King" Solomon to tell a hich were girls. King'Solomon sent .for water for them to wash themselves ; the girls washed to the elbows, and the boys only to the wrists .so King Solomon told by this." "Well," i said the Mayor. ~ you have given a 4escriptica of every card in the pack except one.' SWhat is that ?' asked the soldier. c'The Knave," said the Mayor.. "I will give your honour a descrip: tion of that, tco, if you will no: t be angry." "I will not," said the mayor. "if you will not tern me to be a knave." "Well," said the soldier, "the greatest knave that I know of is the constable who brought me hero." "I do not know," said the mayor, "whetlIer he is thIe greatest knave, hut I know he'sathe greatest fool." 'Whlen I count how many stots in a pack,".conatinued the soldier, "I fined three hundred and sixty-five-as many as there are days in the year. "Wheh I'count the number of cards in a pack, I find there are fifty-two-as many pweeks as there are in a year; and I find four suits-the number of weelks in the month. "I find there are twelve picture cards in the pack, representing the ?number of months in the year; and, counting the tricks, I find .thirteen the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see, sir, the pack of cards serves for a Bible; Almanad; and Common Prayer book to me. An individual fronil .the .rural dis trict recently visited Edinburgh, and, in the couise of' -his peregrinations through the city, stepped into a fancy ware emporium for the purpose, as he said' "o' gettin' something to tak' hame to the bairns." Having selected and paid for. some half.dozen articles, each bearing the now familir legend, he turned to the young lady in charge and asked, "Dae ye cum frae Germany, aiss 1" "Oh, no," replied the gi', "? 'm a native of Edinburgh. - "W?Wl:\" said he, looking at her ad Sgi'glgy, "ye'may be gey prood o' yersel', ma lassie, for, sae far as I can see, ye're the: only hame-imadi~x aie' in the shop." 