[?] A WELSH PRINCESS. V Bv HEDLEY RICHARDS, Author of ' The Omerod Mystery ' The Dene Tragedy,' &c.;, ic.,' CPAPTER XX. iPiV PODKD OUT. E ; When David Haghcs left Donning 8| ; i ford he really believed that he had IN -X'!' seen the ghost of his cousin, and his JF first impulse was to get away. It was jg': late in the afternoon of the following day when he entered his uncle's house, %. nnd proceeded at once to the dining j| room, where Price Hughes was cn ' joying hiB tea. This was s sort of uiuuccMxif m uu uuij mkik a iigni meal in the middle of tho day. *' Yon here, David ?' he said, paus ing as he was about to lift a dainty bit of chicken to his mouth. ' Ye*, I'm here, and I don't intend to go away — not even as far as that cureod Manor. I shall just stay at my old quarters.' ' Indeed. May I ask the reason ?' inquired his uncle, looking keenly at him. ' Yes, though I know you'll scoff at it, and tell me I've been drinking ; but I haven't. Lloyd looked jolly well after that. He kept his wine and spirits under lock and key, telling me that it would ruin his reputation if a drunken man *vas to be seen hanging about the bouse. Rather cool, I thought,' said David, irritably. 'But true, nevertheless,' said his uncle, who did not choose to tell him that he had asked the doctor to by to break him off the drinks ' However, I suppose you did not come home because your feelings were hurt ?' he ?aid in a sarcastic tone, ' No ; though it was deuced lonely when Jack was out. And, for the matter of that, it wasn't much better when he was in. You see, he's been going up and I've been going down, so that we didn't rub along very well. Bnt that was not why I came home. You persuaded rae to go because I was nervous, and thought the Manor was haunted ; but it waa no use. I have seen her plainer than ever while I was staying at Donningford. I hadn't bad a drop to drink either.' Price Hughes laughed slightly as he said: ' Tell me all about tbe ghost.' Nothing loth, David gave a full account of how he had seen Gwcn's face above the park wall. His vivid description and earnestness impressed bis uncle as his previous tales of seeing Gwen had never done, and he ques tioned him closely. ' You say thiB wall enclosed Sommer ton Park ?' he said, at length. ?* Yoq Rmiiro XXnlm'llrt ~ i least, Lloyd told me so,' replied David. 'Well, sit down, man, and have some tea,' said his uncle ; and as David complied, be rang for another cup, and told his nephew to help him self to some chicken. Then after giving him the tea, he relapsed into silence. After a few minutes, he inquired if Dr. Lloyd attended the family at Sommerton Hall. ' No, they have the other doctor, who has been much longer in Donning ford.' »n:H.ui ? ? ii- _ . '''J' iiJun auYluing UDOUl the family ?' ' Not much. He said they were very proud people, and that the last governess had given them a bad name. He scarcely thought Mrs. Melville was one to tolerate a ghost in their domains, so I had better not name it.' ' Oh, they keep a governess, and they havo changed lately I' said Price ' Hughes. Thou ho became silent again. At last he looked nt David. ' Do you know, I bolieva you did see Gwtiu — not her ghost, miud, but hersolf in tho flesh.' 'Are you mad? Wo saw her buriod,' said his nephew. ' Wo thought we did ; but we had no proof beyond tho locket, nnd I ain inclined to think that Gwendoline Ap Rheos has escaped injury, and has boon koen enough to make tho most of her chanco. She was a quick witted girl, with twico your brains.' 'I'll never believe it,' said tho other, not noticing the kIui on him iu his astonishment. ' \ou can do as you like about that. \ou doubted when I was satisfied, and now there is grave reason for anxioty you choose to shut your eyos. But I am going to find out the truth, aud as I may be away soino time, you will please to attend to the clients. If any one asks where I am, remember that I have gone to London for a little change.' David nodded in a sullen wav, then, after a minute, he said : 'Supposing you should find that I Owen is living— which I -lou't be lieve you will — what shall you do ?' ' Put her where sho can never escape or tell any tales,' said the other, in a tone full of moaning. M \\\ hen shall you start on vour wild-goose chase ?' asked David, with u sneer. ' To-morrow, nnd I think it is rather mora sensible to chase a sub- I stance than to flea from a shadow.' i ' Yes, if it were a substance ; but 1 j tell you it was a spirit I saw.'' ' Very well, then, I will go and in terview the spirit,' Price said, quietly. Thon ho changod the conversation, and did not again revert to his pro posed journey, so that when he loft home the nest morning he was ignorant of the fact that one of tho passengers in tho ill-fated train was then living in Donningford. Instead of proceeding to the town, he went direct to Maskerton, and called upon the doctor who had been ! one of the first to arrive at the sjune ! of the accident. Price's osiensible v ronsou for visiting bim was to inquire if a diamond ring had been found, ?; which he stated his ward had been wearing at the time of the disaster. Ot v.-.t? ti fiction '? hut after learning that no ring of the kind-: had been seen, he contrived to find out that a young lady namod Heather Baynes had gone to fulfil her engage ment at Sommerton Hall. On hear ing this, Price Hughes at once pro fessed that he had known a young lady of that name, and wondered if she were his friend. This elicited the fact that even in the hurry she had struck the doctor as being a very beautiful girl; but whether Bhe were brunette or blonde, he could not say. This, however, was enough for Price Hughes, who the next day proceeded to Saltburn, a large village about three miles from Sommerton, where he took up his abode at an old-fashioned country inn. He gave out that he was a geologist engaged in studying thedifferent kinds of earth and stone in order to write ? book. This explanation accounted for the lone rambles that hn tnnV *. but, singuarly, they all lay in the direc tion of Sommerton. Donningford he carefully avoided, not caring to risk meeting Dr. Lloyd, although it would have been difficult for the latter, or any one else to have reoognized in the long black-bearded man who wore j blue spectacles the trim, keen-eyed Price Hushes. But if he avoided Donningford, he frequented the village of Sommerton, where in his character of geologist he made the acquaintance of some of the oottagers. While chatting with them he made casual mention of the squire, and learned a good deal about bim and his family — among other things, that they had s beautiful young governess, and a description whioh he received from one old dame convinced him that G wen was living, and acting as governess to the squire's children. But before taking any steps to get her into his hands again, Prioe Hughes resolved to bo quite certain : and in order to obtain positive proof, he made hie way into Sommerton Park, choosing the time when be thought the governess and her pupils were likely to be out walking, and trusting to his supposed scientific pur suits serving as an excuse for trespass ing. For two or three dnys he lurked about the park without any suc cess, and be was beginning to won der if she hod any suspicion that he was in tbe neighbourhood, when one afternoon bo saw a young lady and some children come along the drive. Hiding behind the trunk of a large tree, he contrived to peer round with out being perceived. As tbey passed, with a flash of triumph be recognised Gwen, and overheard one of the chil dren say : ' Miss Baynes, why do you never go out of the paTk now ?' 'Because it is better not,' was the quiet reply. [To de Continued.] 