THE MASTER OF OLD COURT PLACE; OR, FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST. By HEDLEY RICHARDS, Author of " Sentence Prononnoed," " A Welsh Princess," " The Omerod Mystery, Etc., etc. CHAPTER XI.— ALICE HAS A' VISITOR. "Oh, dear, whatever does make him- so cross !" thought Alice, as she slowly ascended to her boudoir. Martin had been particularly disagree able at luncheon. He was never plea- CH.il i wild iici uuw, uui lu-uay ne oa u seemed determined to annoy her by his sneers and sarcastic remarks. It was a miserable prospect this life-long union with a man whom she did not love, and who let her see that he barely tolerated her. "Oh, if I had waited for Sidney !" Then she burst into tears, sobbing as though her heart would break. "How funny !" As the words were spoken, Alice felt a soft caressing touch on her head, and lifting it, she saw a lovely girl regard ing her with wide-open eyes. "Who is she?" was the question Alice asked herself, as she gazed curiously at the stranger. She was a slender girl, of medium height, with a complexion which was almost transparent in its whiteness, while the flush on her cheeks was quite hectic, and the large blue eyes had a brilliancy which was unnatural. Her hair, which was golden, fell in a wavy mass below her waist. She wore a dress of dark blue serge, anything but artistic in cut, and soft felt slippers. As they looked at each other the girl laughed again. Then she touched Alice's white robe of soft nun's veiling. "It's very pretty," she said; and her gaze wandered to the broad black sash, which evidently didn't meet with her approval, as she pushed it on one side. By this time Alice was thoroughly puzzled, so determined to question the girl.' "Who are you?" she asked. "Don't you know I'm to be her lady ship?" the girl answered, with another laugh, as though amused at Alice's ig norance. Still more puzzled, Alice asked: "What's your name?" "My name!" and the girl looked per plexed "It's— now, what is it? Why, I don't believe I've got one; but I'll ask her." "Who will you ask?" inquired Alice, now quite convinced that the girl was not in her right mind. "Oh, the ugly little woman." "Who can she mean?" Alice wonder ed, as the girl went on. "Would you like me to dance?" Then, without waiting for an answer, she began to hum a tune and dance a Scottish reel with so much grace that Alice marvelled. Presently her movements brought her in front of a mirror which was suspend ed over the mantelpiece, and as she caught sight of her reflection she paus ed, and, clapping her hands, ex claimed: "How pretty." Then she ran to Alice, saying, "Let me have your frock; it's prettier than mine." At this demand Alice laughed, at which the girl also laughed, still smooth ing Alice's dress with admiration. "I cannot give you my dress, but you shall have something else to make you look pretty;" and she led the way Into her dressingroom, which communicated with her boudoir. Going to a drawer, Alice took from it some soft white swansdown, which she arranged around the girl's throat. "There, now, you look lovely." The poor girl ran to the mirror, and regarded herself with evident satisfac tion. Then, seeing that so little made her happy, Alice went to another draw er, and took from It a piece of scarlet ribbon, thinking it would please her. "Now you nan fasten this around ybur hair," she skid, holding it towards her. As the girTa eyes Cell oh ft she sprang back, and a scream fcuEBtirom her. "Take It; away! — take it away! There's blood on It!" sheerled. "Nonsense; It's only aplece of red rib- ron," answered Allceffring nearer, In tending to let her. examine it, but the girl put her hands to her eyes, moaning, as though she was in pain. Then, as Alice placed the ribbon in her hand, she uttererd an awful scream, of — "Blood! Blood!" and rushed from the room, and through the boudoir. Alice followed her on to the landing, and was just in time to see her disappear along an unused corridor, which opened on to the other end of the landing. "Who is she? Dare I ask Martin?" were the questions she asked herself as she speculated about the girl, who was evidently insane. 'At last she was resolved to question her husband, but when they met at din ner he was still so cross and moody that she dare not have named the matter (Commenced Publication February 15.) if he had joined her in the drawing- room. Instead of which he stayed a long time over his wine, then she saw him walk slowly across the lawn smok ing a cigar, as he paced backwards and forwards in the twilight of the summer night. Presently the butler came in to light the lamps. "Don't light them at present, Downs," said his young mistress. "Very well, ma'am," and Downs retir ed, muttering that it was a grand shame of the master to leave that pretty young creature all alone. Perhaps Alice thought her husband would come In. At any rate she sat near the open window until the moon had risen and flooded the park with her silvery rays. Then she rang for lights, and soon afterwards left the room. On the landing near her dressing- room door she found Martha Gee wait ing, and Alice, who pitied the poor, de formed little woman, said: "Good night" as she passed. "Oh, if you please, ma'am," said Mar tha, "would you let me come into your dressing-room, for I've s omething to say?" "Of course, Martha," and Alice open ed the door, the woman following her into the room. " Is your maid anywhere about, ma'am?" "No; she won't come until I ring for her," said Alice, as she seated herself in a low chair, waiting to hear what Mar tha had to say. "Excuse me, ma'am, but you see it's a matter of importance. I wanted to know if anyone came in here this after noon?" "Any one! What do you mean?" ask ed Alice, instantly thinking of the strange visitor she had had. "A young girl, ma'am," and the wo man looked keenly at her mistress. "Yes; a girl came into my boudoir — a very queer girl. Who is she?" A smothered groan burst from Martha Gee; then in a moment she said: "Oh, ma'am, did you mention her to the master?" "No; I inteded doing so, but I hadn't the opportunity," replied Alice, not car ing to let even the old servant think that she dare not question Martin on the subject. "Thank goodness! Oh, ma'am, it's saved a lot of trouble." Alice's curiosity was now fully arous ed, so she said: "Who is she?" "Well, ma'am, it's a secret, but she's the late Mr Barron's illegitimate daughter. Not being in her right mind he put her in my charge rather than place her in an asylum, and of course Mr Martin wouldn't turn her out, though he's very sensitive about it, and cannot so much as bear to hear her name mentioned. Of course the servants know nothing about her." "Do you mean to say they don't know she's in the house ?" "No, ma'am; they don't. You see, there's a private room in one of the wings, as no one but the master of the house and I know of, and she lives in it. She's waited on just like a lady and well seen to, but it wouldn't do for her to be at large, or she might do some mis chief." "How did she manage to get away from you this afternoon ?" "To tell the truth, ma'am, I fell asleep and the door of her room wasn't pro perly fastened. But you won't tell the master that, or he'd go nearly wild if he thought she'd been wandering about the house," said Martha, and her tone betrayed her anxiety. "Don't trouble, Martha, I won't tell him," said Alice, anxious to allay the woman's fears. 'Thank you, ma'am, for I can feel easy now— at least, if you'd be kind enough to promise not to mention it to Mrs Sturt, or maybe she'd tell the mas ter." "I won't mention it to my mother. Of course, I cap understand it is a matter that must be kept secret; but I should like to come and see the poor girl." "Oh no, ma'am, I daren't let you ! If the master caught you in that room he'd be in such a rage, he'd very like never let you out again." "Nonsense, Martha! He'd be Ob liged to let me out," said Alice, even her gentle spirit rising at such a sugges tion. "Well, ma'am, I daren't let you In. You see, even If the master would allow it, it wouldn't be safe. She might go Into one of her tantrums, and then you'd be pretty well knocked about be fore I could get you out of the way." "Poor girl! Is she ever violent ?" "'Yes, ma'am, and if I try to fasten her hair up it puts her in an awful rage, for very little upsets her." "I know that a piece of red ribbon puts her in an awful state. She would have It that it was blood-stained."- "Yes, ma'am; that's one of her queer fancies about red things. I've heard her go on about a bit of red before to day. Did she talk much to you, ma'am?" "Not much; but she told me that she was to be her ladyship some day, though she couldn't tell her own name." "No; she forgets it and everything else, but her real name is Mary. I'll see as she doesn't come here to annoy you again." At that moment Martin Barron enter ed, looking quite death-like in the ghastly pallor which overspread his face. "You here, Martha ?'' he said, as he sank into a chair. "Yes, sir; I just came to inquire how the mistress was, for I'd heard Mrs Yates say as she wasn't looking well," said Martha, telling the fib with so much ease that Alice regarded her with astonishment. "But what's the matter, sir ?" she asked, looking at him with some con cern. "Only that I've seen a ghost," he said, trying to speak in his usual tone. "A ghost! Well, sir, that was a queer thing to see," she said, looking from him to Alice, who had turned pale. "But you're frightening the mistress, sir, and I'm thinking as a glass of whisky and water would do you gcod." "I daresay you're right, and I think I'll have one," Martin said as he rose; and with a "good night, ma'am," Mar tha followed him from the room. As ihey passed out, Alice heard her hus band say: "I saw the spirit of my first wife." Feeling terribly frightened, Alice pulled the bell sharply, and in a minute or two her maid appeared, who began assisting her in her preparations vto re tire. Meanwhile Martha. Gee had followed her master to the smoke-room, and when the door was shut she said: "Now, sir, I'd like to know about this ghost ?" "I can see you think it's fancy; but it isn't. After dinner I went, on to the lawn, and stayed there smoking until after the moon had risen. Then, tired of sauntering about, and not caring to come in, I crossed the park towards the lodge. When I was a little way from it — just where that clump of trees is — something glided forward, and I saw a tall form clothed in black, with a hood drawn over the head. As she looked full at me, I saw that it was Agatha. I don't know what I did, but in a moment the form had vanished, and I came as fast as I could to the house; but it wasn't very fast, I can tell you, as I felt all of a tremble." "And do you really think it was your wife's spirit ?" "What else could It have been 7' he asked, impatiently. "It might have been some one got up on purpose to imitate her, and just to alarm you. You know, sir, you're not a favorite in the neighborhood." "It wasn't an imitation, Martha — it was her face exactly, only quieter and sadder-looking." "Well, sir, I'm sorry you've taken to seeing ghosts. It's been hard enough before, but what it will be if ghosts are to be after us, I don't know," she said, in a tone that showed she Was dispirited. "It's no use, Martha, for I believe I saw a ghost; but, there, tell Downs to bring the spirits and hot water." "Yes, sir; good night, sir," and Mar tha left the room. In the hall she saw Downs, the butler, standing gazing out of the front door, which stood wide open, as the night was hot. "Are you moonstruck, Mr Downs ?" she said, quietly. He turned round sharply. "No, Martha Gee, I'm not moonstruck, but I'm dumbfounded." "Why, what's the matter?" "Only this, I've seen the ghost of Mr Martin's first wife." "Where did you see her?" "She was standing on the drive right in front of the door and staring straight into the halL I can tell you J shouted, and she just seemed to glide away." "Didn't you follow her?" "No, Martha Gee, I didn't. My nerves are pretty strong, but they're not made of cast iron. I'll tell you, though, what I will do; I'll shut and bar the door." The woman laughed. "Do you think you could bar out a ghost? I wish I had seen it." "Well, I hope you may, but I'll have that door closed earlier. I'm not going to run the risk of having another such "What did she look like?" "All in black, but the moon shone on her face, and it was Miss Agatha—I mean Mrs Martin Barron— only the "looked more worn and sad like as a spirit should. Yes, you may smile, Martha Gee; but it was a spirit; and what's more, I'll take my oath it's a warning of death." "Whose death?" she asked, sharply. "Mr Martin's, of course. Who else would she come for— unless it was the young mistress? Dear-a-me, I never thought of her," he said, in a tone of real concern. "Or it might be for you, Mr Downs; for you're a very old servant in the family, and deserve a warning as well as your betters." Her tone was full of mockery, aud he turned on her in anger, saying: "Mayhap I don't need as long to get ready as my betters, and so Very likely I'll not get a warning. But if I were as great a favorite with the master as you are I'd give him a warning of what's been seen." "Nonsense! I'm afraid you are get ting old, Mr Downs; and now I remem ber, your master told me to tell you to take him the spirits and hot water. He's In the smoke-room; and I advu you to take a stiff glass yourself before you go to bed. But, above everything don't tell the master what you've told me, she said as she turned away "It would very like be a good thine for him if I did; but I daren't risk it for he's none too good tempered nowa days," he replied, as he went to fetch the spirits. a "What does it mean? I don't believe in ghosts, or I should have seen one " and Martha sighed. "it's some one playing a trick on purpose to annoy the master. Unless" And she shuddered as a thought flashed across her mind. "Good heavens, I'd sooner believe it was a ghost than that. Well, I'll keep my eyes open, anyhow. Whoever it was a warning to, it'll be one to me. Some how I think we're going to have trouble. If that girl had been seen by anyone but Mrs Martin there'd have been trouble, unless they'd taken her for a ghost. After all, I won't. try to alter Downs' belief;" and with this reflection Martha Gee turned along the corridor leading to her own room. CHAPTER XII.— THE MEETING IN THE BARLEY FIELD. July had passed into August, and half of that month had gone quietly and un eventfully. Sir Justin Goddard was a frequent visitor at the Gables, and near ly every day Alice, who had grown thin and weary-looking, came to see Grace. Mrs Sturt, too, would call and grum ble about Martin's unkindness to his wife, and wish her daughter had never seen him, forgetting that she had her self arranged the marriage. Grace would listen, but say nothing, though in her heart she sincerely pitied the poor girl, girl. One circumstance annoyed her very much. Wherever she went she was sure to meet Martin Barron, who seemed to hover about the lanes. Several times he had tried to speak to her, but she had bowed and passed on. In the old days he had fancied him self deeply in love with her, and he had believed the marriage was legal. He had intended it to be, but once she was his wife his feelings cooled until they, reached zero, and finally he availed him self of the opportunity to get rid of her. Now, however, circumstances were- changed. She was rich, and of good so cial standing. Moreover, she let him see that she didn't care for him, and this was enough to make Martin wish for a reconciliation. At last it became a positive longing to regain her friendship, but so far they were on exactly the terms which she had prescribed the day after her arrival at Wolferdene. He was thinking of this as he walked through the fields one morning, when, raising his eyes, he saw the object of his thoughts coming towards him, and a thrill of delight ran through him when he saw that she was alone. At last his opportunity had come, and he re solved to make the most of it. "This is fortunate," he said, raising his hat. "Will you let me pass?" she replied, haughtily. "No, Grace, I cannot. You must list en to me. I have waited for the oppor tunity to speak to you." "You can have nothing to say to me;" and she tried to pass on. But when two people meet on a har row path with a wall of ripe barley on either side, it is a difficult matter unless both are consenting parties. So now, as Martin did not . move an inch, and rather spread himself out, Grace glanc ed at the barley, wondering whether she should sacrifice it or her inclinations. Then she remembered the farmer, and stood still, with her head erect, scarcely looking at Martin. 'No, you cannot pass without injur ing Claygill's crop, and you won't do that," he remarked, reading her thoughts. Grace took" no notice, but simply, looked over his shoulder straight before her. "Graee, why are you so cruel? I have bitterly repented what I did. Cannot you forgive me?" "If I could what difference would it make?" she asked, coldly. "Difference ! We could be friends, and— yes— lovers, because, whether you believe it or not, I do love you madly— ten thousand times more than I did in the old days." "Wait a moment. You offer to be my, lover. What of your wife?" "Curse her! Do you think' I'm going to let that little doll come between us? I never cared for her, and I love you as I never loved before." Grace had been very quiet until now, but at this she turned her angry eyes on him, saying: "Love! You don'tknowwhat it means. Yon think you love me, because I am rich and have some social position, and you would like to compromise me so that you would have- a hold over me. But it's no use. I utterly despise you, and even if I loved you, I should re member that you were bound to ano ther woman." Now Martin was a man who had a' very good opinion of himself, and he didn't believe that Grace despised him.- He thought she resented his marriage, so instead of being rebuffed, he drew- nearer, saying, in a low tone: "But Alice may die. Any one can see she is not strong, and then there would be no barrier between us." "Are you mad?" she asked, in a tone of indignation; and without another thought of the farmer's crop, she step ped into the barley and passed him. Then she walked quickly on, while he : stood looking at her, uncertain whether to follow her or not. He decided, how- fiver that he would leave her to think fiver what he had said, and when she fime to reallBe ho much Bhe waB to blm,' her anger would vanish, and they would be friends. Yes; and Alice isn't strong," he thought, as he proceeded on his way, "and she ml&bt; die." Gradually the conviction that Alice rfust die took possession of him, and by the time" he reached home an evil pro tect had taken root in his mind. Meanwhile Grace had reached the stile, and looking round she saw that Martin was nearly out of sight. So she ventured to sit down on the wooden step; and then, as she thdbght of what had passed, she hurst into tears, and wept with uncontrollable vehemence. Absorbed in her emotions she did not notice the sound of approaching foot steps, and started violently on hearing "Miss Sturt, whatever has disturbed "Miss Sturt, whattever has disturbed you so much?" Looking round, Grace saw that Sir Justin Goddard was standing on the other side of the stile, regarding her with deep concern. I've been annoyed. Mr Barron spoke to me, and he said some abomin able things." , Sir Justin looked very much as though he would like to horsewhip Martin Bar- r"l wonder you spoke to him at all," he replied, as he sprang over the stile. "I couldn't help myself, as he preven ted me passing," she said, as sherose and pulled her hat over her face to hide the trace of tears. "I wish I had been here a little soon er. I've been to the Gables, and Mrs Carruthers told me you had gone to see an old woman at the White Cottage, so I followed you." iiniintnAA vnA?" r>ip exclaimed. "Yes. I wanted to talk to you. Can not you guess what I have to say?" Grace lifted her eyes to his face, and that one swift glance told her enough to make her own face flush scarlet, but she did not speak. "Grace, is it too soon to tell you that I love you? We have only known each other a month, but it seems to me I learned to love you the first day I saw you!" he said gravely, trying to see her face, which the brim of her hat partly concealed. "Hush! Don't say any more!' she said, almost in a whisper. "Cannot you love me? Won't you be my wife?" he urged, in a tone of such bitter disappointment that she put her hand in his as she answered: "I do not intend to marry. Love and marriage are and will remain outside my life; but I will be your friend." "Love and marriage outside your life! Grace, you cannot mean it?" he replied, holding her hand firmly. "But I do mean it; and to convince you that I do, I will tell you that I once loved a man whom I thought good and true, but he was rotten to the core. With him that kind of thing ended for me." "Do you mean that because this man was false and bad, you judge all others to be the same?" he asked, quickly. "No! I know several good, true men— you are one — but I shall never marry. I will be your friend, if you like." Her tone was so grave and determined that hp fpH tViot it Txraa. iiaolpco tn Afilr for more, so he said: "I would rather be your friend than another woman's lover, but I shall not give up hope. And now you will let me see you home," he said, holding out his hand to assist her over the stile. They were very silent during the walk to the Gables, and at the grate he bade her good morning, and, with a heavy heart, Grace walked up the path and Into the house, thinking very bitterly of Martin, who had made such a wreck of her life, and precluded her from be ing the wife of another man. "He's proposed and she's refused him. Poor girl," thought Mi's Carruthers, as she watched her. By this time Martin Barron had reached home, but be did not meet his wife till luncheon, when he told her that he was going to London by the after noon train, and would be home late the next night. "To London!" Alice exclaimed, won dering at this sudden journey. "Yes. Is there anything wonderful in a man running up to town?" he asked, sharply. "No, of course not; but it is so sud den." "How do you know it's sudden? I may have had the notion in my head for a week. I don't tell you everything." Alice did not reply; she was used to being snubbed, and had got quite accus tomed to Martin finding fault before the servants. PrpopTiflw WorHn tiimprl tn flip hnflpr. ."Downs, you will see that the dog-cart is sent to meet me by the quarter-past eleven train to-morrow night." ; "Yes, sir." 'After this they had their luncheon in silence. Then Alice. went to the draw ing-room and tried to bury her unhap- plness in the last new novel. A little .after four she heard the carriage drive up to the door, and then Martin entered the room. "Fin going, and you needn't wait up for me to-morrow night," he said, and without' wishing her good-bye he left the room. In another minute Alice saw the carriage go rapidly down the drive. "He doesn't care a bit for me, and I gave up Sidney for him and this big bouse, which to more like a prison than. thome," she thought. > h (To be Continued, jf r 