A Freak in Hypnotism by ,,V by hi',- Author of "AFellowof Trihity,"&o.; " al,l queensland biouts besebved : , - "Please, mum, the coals are done.' I'vo brought up tho last souttlo." "Tho last scuttle P Good- gracious 1 Mary, why did you not toll mo before P We oun't get them sent in to-day ; tiioy ought to have been ordered yesterday. How are wo to have any dinner cooked without coals ?" "Idunno, I'm suro, mutn. I didn't see tlioy were so low till I went in with a eandlo to fill the dining-room souttlo. .P'raps cook could scrape together u few, enough to cook thodiuuer." Tho maid finished olearing tho breakfast oloth and disappeared downstairs with tho tray, while her mistress sat reading her morn ing letters. " Horn's a letter from Miily Bright, Tom," she said presently, pushing a letter across the table to lior sou. " I didn't know bIio was in town. I was only wishing bbe would come up yesterday. I wanted lior to go to Mudum D'Arblay's with mo to-night. I huvon't tlie nervo to go alone." " P'raps tliafa what's brought her up," Tom said drily. "It's a great nuisance having her up hero when I've got un exam, on. She'll he filling my head with all her liypnotiu business when I ought to b'o think ing about iny work." "Oh, you noedn't trouble, Bbo won't inter- fere with you," his mother said sharply. " ifou cuu keop out of tho way. It's a comfort to mo to have her, and thill ought to bo enough for you. She's ono of tlio few people who understand me, who is on rapport as Madam D'Arbliiy would say. Milly is dis tinctly on rapport." "I wish you'd drop all tlmt bosh, mother," tho young man said uufoelingly. "I'm siok of it. I luito tho name of a soimoo ; it's all rot uud humbug." " I suppose you eall Madam D'Arblay and Milly Bright humbugs," the ' lady said in dignantly. "I call the whole crew of them a.preeions set of sattmps and Bharpers, practising on the credulity of silly women. If I luid iny why I'd prosecute 'em air ns rogues und vaga-. bonds." ""1'oin!" cried, tbo ludy indignantly. " Tom, do you know who you nro speaking of, that you uro insulting your mothor's dearest friend P" The young man would lia vo mado an un- , fooling rojoindor— ho laid 110 pntienoo with his mothor's connection witli the spirit-rapping fraternity — but tho door opened and the sor- vuiit girl eume in. "Please, mum, cook says alio can't"- scrape up u shovelful of coals iu tlio oellar, an' she won't be ablo to cook tho diunortill thoy cotno in." _ " Oh dear, dear, dour! How stupid and tivesomo of cool: not to tell mo factoro; and thora's a iudy coming to dinner. ' She must have the dinner ready by seven ; we lire going out direotly after. She must use wood to cook it with if tho ouuls are not in time." Mrs. Bohsou jumped up from tlio tablo and went over to her davenport, and beguu writing out a menu while tlio maid waited. "There," she said; blotting it, "I think that will do, but I should liko to have had somo salmon, salmon and lobster suuee, but I suppose I must not l-isk it. I think cook oitn luaniigo nil this with wood, if tlie coals aro not in time— but I should liko to liayo hod somo salmon, a nice middle out — Milly is so fond of salmon — — " Sho wns talking to herself, not to tho maid ; she had a habit of talking to herself when sho was alone, and sho was a good deal alone. She wua a widow and hnd aii only son living with her, und ho was out all day. He wont out now, directly after breakfast, and would not be in again until dinner. ' Sho was worrying hersolf ubout tlio coals and tlio salmon nil tho timo sho was putting on hor things to go out, "Derby Brights, . sho said to herself uh sho wont out, " I" must bo suro to remember it's Derby Brights." She hud n good deul of shopping 'to do that', morning; end the coal oflloe was somo distance off. Before sho could resell it she met a friend who wus full of tho grout discovery that was going to be revealed at tho aeanco that Milly Bright laid coma up to town 011 purposo to attend. The friend know ull about it, or thought sho knew ull about it, and sho carried Mrs. Benson -off to lunch, uud f.hcy talked about nothing else hut tho now light that hud dawned, or wus dawning 011 tho world, for the remainder of tlio day. Mrs. Benson did not renoli homo until Into in the afternoon, until it wua growing dusk und tho man with tlio muffin boll wus com- ing'dnwii tlio street. "The coals lmvo come, mum," tho maid said, when sho opened tlio door to lior mistress. "Tlioy came soon after you were gone." "Tho coals come ! " Mrs. B.-uson repeated aghast. " AVliy, I — I had quite forgotten to order them." " They,, onmo just after you went, mum. Derby Briglita tho mini said was ordered, tlio sumo lis yaii always lmd ; ho was very pnr- tieulitr about tlio name." " But I never ordered them, Mary. I have never been near the place ; it must bo a mis take," said Mrs, Benaon helplossly. " It's a very lucky mistuku then, mum ; the salmon ooutdu't liuvo been oouked without 'uni," 1 " Tho iuilmon I What salmon ?" . "Tlio 'salmon you sent iu, mum ; tho middle out you wore speaking of utbroukfast." " But I've sent in no salmon !" Tho maid smiled, sho could not help smil ing ; but it was no smiling mutter to her mistress. " Tom,-" she said, when lior son onino in a few minutes before dinner was ready, "Tom, a strange thing luis happened; tlie uoals luivu come in, 'and tlio Hulniuu— uud— uud I never ordered thoni !" I tliink it's jolly lucky, mothor," lie snid, with u laugh, "for I'm awfully hungry. I'm a'uro I don't wire who sent 'era in." She wus thinking of that ton of Derby Briglita and the middle out of salmon ull through, tho sounue. Tliore was nothing that Mudum D'Arblay, who ' liiippoiioil to bo the fashionable medium at tlio moment, could show her, thut was' more surprising' tlmn tlio orrivul of t.hu salmon and tho ooiils'she had not ordorcd — that sho had forgotten to order, l'f it iuul been a tall ond of salmon,- or a iieud and shoulders, it would hnvo boon' different, sho would not have been disturbed ubout it ; but it was the middlo out that sho had set her heart upon. v 1 Milly Bright was at tho seanoo, and yawned all through it. It was a poor busi- uoss, oho said— nothing but tho old oliip-trup served up afresh. If alio hud known how pour it wus going to ho, sho would not have oomo up to town to attend it. She wus ox poctlng a revolution ; thorc.would bo a groat, revolution by-nnd-by. Sho wiivoxpooting it over y day. It might dawn upon the world at any moment. She did not toil her friend exactly what the revelation wus that aim wus expeoting. Tom Benson was sitting opposite to hor all through tho dinner, und 111 tho presonoo of suoh a disturbing influenoe, slio could not speak of the inner mysteries thut are whispered only in tlie oars of tho initiated. Mary Benson was ono of the initiated ; at leust she was a disciple— a willing ' credulous believer in tho unseen. Sho wan roudy to bolievo in anything ; but alio, was timid ; alio was afraid to laoo alone the great 'truths that occult sciouoo was about to roveal, Milly Bright was a more udvunocd disciple ; she was morn than u disciple, she was 1111 oraolo— ill other words, she was a medium. While her friend was trembling an tlio threshold, she hud entered tlio portal of hidden truths. Sho wns ready, quite read', In tour down the veil that separates the seen from the unseen. It would ho diiiwn aside somo day, everything in nature and soieiioq pointed to 11 time in tho near future when it woiibl ho drawn aside, or molt uwiiy, which wtmld lio tlio sumo Hung, uud the .mysteries which the world 1ms boon straining to picrco for agos' anil ages would lio mysteries 110 longer. It. was (totting thinner everv day : already 11 key wiih ill tlio'lmnds of tho advanced thinkers, if' they only know how to uso it. Milly . Bright badno pationoo with Mudum D'Arhiay's olumsy bungling. The rovolation she was looking for hod nothing to do with tlio dark seances ; it was not 111 tlio hands of mountebanks. Sho thought sho hud got the key hersolf. ' Sho was not suro, and olio wns ignorant ns yet of its uso.: Like moat mediums Milly , Bright was u large, - fat ' woman,-. A ' perfect mountain of flesh. Mary Bonson was not unlike her ; a miniaturo copy ; a small,- ;fat , woman, with -a -nervous,' highly-Btrung ' . teinporamGnt,-., Sho was - always -worrying-- - aboul things. . If it were not tho coals or tlio salmon, it was something else.' ' Sho wad" worrying just, now about her, son's oxammn- ' tion. _. Ho was going in for a oivil setvico-:' examination— tho Indian Civil — and it meant A .everything to him in tho future if lie passed; « His father had been a judge out in India, una a post had been promised to his eon, a - post that would load to distinction, if ho could pass tho examination. A great deal of influence had boon brought to tiear to get him tho appointment ; it would tiling that could happen his'rrtr wtts someL; "How w 1 your son gotting on ?" Milly She' j did "nor fr"?d bfore 8,10 went ftway. Sho did not lemember to usk until she was putting her cloak 011, after the seance. Sho fcinkof'alhtogllee0 rW,latin'» Mary Beuson shook lior head. "I don't think he has any chance, '.' she said, despond- g v' several of tho subjects are quito new to him, and tho examination is so near tliufr lie has no timo to get them up. " AVhtm is tlio examination?" , "Noxtweok."- "Do you know who are tho examiners ?" "No. I bolievo Gonoral Roberts takos the viva voco. I saw his mime on tho list. Ho has boon out in India all his lifo, but I don't .know who tlio others aro. Tom uun tell you." ' "I suppose Roberts carries great woMit. His deoisiou would bo final t" " His deoisiou would bo law. If it were anyone also Tom might have a chance, but Gonoral Roberta knows moro about tlio lnnguago and tlio place tlmu anyone. Hois dreadfully down upon candidates. Ho plucks ovory 0110 110 01111." Mrs. Benson thought no moro ubont'tho coals until tho nest morning, when sho uaked her son to eall at the coal merchant's who had sent, thorn, on his way to his " coach," and tell them of tho mistake. Sho could not "o to tho fishmonger's about tho salmon, ua tfiu cook could1 not toll, lior where it lmd corns from. She could only wait for tlio mistako to ho found out and tho bill to bo sent in. "Did ybii onll ubout the coals, Tom?" slio- asked linn when lio camo in to dinner. "Yes, 'mother, it ivas all right. You ordered tliem, -Derby Brights. Tho man showed mo the entry." "I? I never went noar the plaoo !" "You did, though; you must havo forgotten ; the man showed me the' receipt." "Tho receipt? You don't mean that they were paid for ?" " Yes, they wore pawl for, right onough. I saw tho entry, with . tho name and address written down, imd tho rocoipt against it. iff you didn't order them, it must havo been your spook." Mrs. ' Benson ivent liorsolf to tho colli merchant's tho next day and saw tho entry us her sou lmd described, with the numo und address correctly given, and tho amount mudo paid iu the book. There was ho mistake. Sho had ordered the coals hersolf, tlm 1111111 said, and paid for them. This wus tlio most curious part, thu paying for them. Slio lmd intended to change 11 five-pound note to pay for them, und the noto wus still in hor purso intact. A stranger thing happened u fow days later. Tom, who. lmd beoti working harder than usuttl in viow of tho coming exam., wua taken suddenly ill in tho night, linil his .mother was pulled up. It wns nothing very muoh, but awakened suddenly out uf sleep she wtis frightened out of lior wits about him ; she thought ull aorta of dreadful tilings were going to happen. "I'd give anything if Dr. Gervis were here !" . sho said, wringing hor hunds, ' lie hue attended him for an attaok liko this Iwfure, and lio knows all about it." Neither of tlio female sorvunta know where Dr. Gervis livod, and there wus nothing to bo done but to wait till daylight, when sho could telegraph for hhn. It wiis yet two hours to daylight, and while hIio ant by lior son's bedside, eagerly wutcliiiig for tlio dawn, a carriage drove up to tho door, uud the great practitioner site had boon loiiging for for' tlie last hour cams into tlio room. No ouo -liud loft the houso tu .fetch bim, aiid tlioro was nuthing to account for this uliiiost supernatural visit. Ho sunn sut mutters right and relieved Mrs. lietiw.m'u fears ilu lior son's account: tlie patient would be nil right in u duy or two, iu timo for the 0x11111. " "Would you mind telling me wliu sent for yon, doctor?" shu uslcud, timidly, ,ns tho great 1111111 was going uwiiy. "Why. yoii sent for 1110 yourself," ho said ; " tho bell rniig, und I got a message through the telephone that I was to como (at mice, tiiut. the ease was urgent. Of ouursc, I lost no time ill coining " This wits stranger tliuu tlie cnals and tlio salmon. But what happened ' next was stranger still. Owing to Ins illness Tom Benson was imablu to get. up tlie subjouts lor tlm viva voce tiiut he so much dreaded, uuil hud left to the lust. "I think I shall 'chunk' it, mother," ho said; on tho evening of tho last day; "it's 110 uso iny going in, I'm bound to bu plunked!" Mrs. Beuson sighed. It is all n mother can do. She can't go in and pled through tho examination papers herself ; thoro are liimilredN of mothers who would if tlioy" uuiild — and pass thorn, too. "I should go in anil try, Tom. You can only do your . best. You never know what you call do until you try." , Tom shook Ills head. " It's no nse trying, mother, 'wliou you haven't got u ohiinee, not II ghost of a ohiinco— now if your spook could, help 11111 iu tlio oxum. iustoud of wasting itself upon coals and wilinoii, it would bo mora to the purpose." While ho wns still speaking tho front door boll rimg ahurpiy, and a telegram was brought in to Mrs. Benson. She opened it with trembling lunula, she didn't know wbjr she trembled. It was from Milly Bright. " 1 11111 called away iu 11 hurry," "it run ; havo nut time to say goodbye.- It will '.bo nil rightabout Roberta." \ " About Robot-is ; wjmt (loos sho menu ?" hire. UuiiHnn laid forgottpu all about tlmt conversation with bur hypnotio friond 011 tho night of tlie saauue, about General Roberts. Tom wont in fur the oxaniiimtimi tlio next - day, and to tlm aiu-priso of everybody lie got ' through. Ho not only got through, but -lib. passed with- distinction. Tho principal examiner, 'Gon oral Roberts, deohu-od tl'int lio hnd seldom met with so well grounded uud intelligent a omiditate. No one wus more surprised lit the result tlmu Tom himself. If -lie attached any im portance tu that stray shot of his about tlio interfereiioo of the spook, lio lmd the wisdom . to say nothing about it. ' 