A WIDOW ON WHEELS. The question of the proper bicycling costume for ladies has not yet been settled. It is generally understood that the ' kmckerbockci suit is the most convenient; but women do not appear at present to have the courage of theii understandings. A few days ago. however, I saw a costume which struck.me as peculiarly appropriate. The wearer—lo judge by hci head-dress was a widow. And she wore an elegant pair of knickerbockers made of crape. Could she have more gracefully indicated the combination of wheel and woe ?—'“ The New Budget. There are many men who are afraid ol ghosts who have nc fear of spirits. There are two parts to every enterprise, great or small—the planning or preparation, and the active carrying out of the .plans adopted. Near, or rather caution, belongs to thelirst; hope, energy, and courage to the second. If either is allowed to intrench upon or absorb the other, defeat to that extent will ensue. All probable diflicultics,obstacles, or untoward contingencies should be looked squarely in the face and fully provided for. Hut, when the time of action arrives, courage and resolution should take their place. Then it is that, if a prudent circumspection has guarded against the, dangers, a manly and hopeful spirit may defy Rose Buslies.—In order to secure a pro fusion of bloom, rose-bushes should be pruned every year ; yet many families having rose bushes in their yards never prunce a bush ; consequently' the crop of blossoms is necessarily light and of inferior size. Per haps there iB no other bush that wiil bear so much pruning. Ordinarily, the canes need to be cut back to a bare stub ; then, new Btems will be produced, on the end of which there will be one or more roses. Amateurs should know that roses will grow on the new wood that is produced the present season. All of our own rose-bushes are cut back to about two feet in height; the old stalks are cut to the ground, and the bushes that are allowed to remain consist of short stubs, a half dozen' of which will yield a more abun dant crop of large roses than twice the number of stalks that have not been pruned. In case the ground should be so rich as to produce an unusually large number of new stems, let a part of them be cut off. By removing a part of the stem, all the vigor of the bush will be concentrated in developing a few large roses of exquisite beauty. Iron filings, iron turnings, and the litter of black smith’s shops arc excellent to work into the ground about growing fiowers of any sort. The iron or ferruginous material that the roots will collect from iron, imparts a rich and velvety appearance to the petals of the roses and other flowers. .liosc-bushes ought to be pruned early in the season, before the sap begins to flow; and when the new shoots are growing pinch ofE the end to prevent a long, Blender growth. After a stem is six to ten inches long, if it appears small, pinch off the end just enough to remove the bud ; the sap will then form a niore stocky growth. It is a good practice to remove the old stalks every two or three years. Small farms in" a district mean a great many advantages—better roads, frequent schools, better prices for produce, better cultivation, improved implements, lower taxes, and more frequent consultations among farmers for the advancement and protection of their interests ; and when low prices and pinching times come, the small farm owner has a decisive advantage over the great propritor; he weathers the storm because he is out of debt, and when it has passed he is fond still safe under his roof, while debt, mortgage,»nn a sheriff's sale have ■wept the great farmer off to another region. Tho man shaking the dice thinks ho is having a rattling good/ tin?«. This ebtjiys | tha difference (tini 