ile IB of tlffl WMte Pead. A Tale of the Pituri Conmtry. ?.,..' (By Ernest Favenc.) ?. Ml y\\\ ILES and miles to the f/\JyVl westward. Over the ./?\«, , \\\ ''age &&*- S«ards tbe J^^, t \\\ Australian littoral front ' *^$J*J \\\ ^S ^d &cing; the Paci }\ IT JVf Vi fie. Across the dry river i\\\ Vi K\ZlJ \ channels that carry the l\V f- //Ml ?' fl°od waters of the llV\lf//yif Qneensland wet season VS*$//'Z .down to 'the Darling, .VtWv&&* which in its turn passes ' , . them on to the Murray, and so to the southern sea. Beyond the wide, plains, ehadeless and almost treeless, . was a solitary Tattle station; new, rough, un picturesque, and remote enough to eatisfy the unsocial longings of the most sour-minded of misanthropes. , The rough mud walls, the staring iron roof, and the dusty stockyard, trailt of timber wonderful in its crookedness, for straight posts and rails were unobtainable in that region, were all as prosaic and pain folly ugly as the creek, dotted with gnarled coolibah trees, on the bank of which, it was formed. Taciturn, bronzed like half-castes, inured to hard fare and hard work, the men on, it were like the great 6ilent waste around them, the y mighty expanse of interior Australia which awes men into a sense of their own pettiness. Virtues and vices are constrained to greatness in the far west — one could commit murder, but not petty theft Pakeera was the name of the isolated station on the edge of the fringe of semi-eivilisaion that intervenes be tween close settlement and the great un known beyond. On the east their neighbors were some thirty miles away; on the west 350 miles of loneliness had to be crossed be fore an equally isolated telegraph station on the overland line was reached. Many tales were told of this half-known area. The pituri plant grew there, and the natives who in habited the country were said to be of a pug nacious and warlike disposition. There were tales, too, of an ancient white man living with the natives, who, on the authority of a noted western weaver of. romances, was sup posed to be Classen, a survivor of the lost party of Leichhardt . But the two men, Grace and Strong, who had invested their slender capital in taking up and stocking the country, thought more of wet and dry seasons than of what romance might possibly exist outside their own do main. One day Grace was up the creek after some missing horses, when he came on to some tra» veiling blacks camped on a waterhole some eight miles from the station. . By means of the black boy he had with him, he fonud out that they had just made in from the dry pituri couDtry^ the spring they had been camping at having given out unexpectedly. They wtjre tall, gaunt men, all wearing their hair in a picturesque knot on top of the head, and each -with his plug of prepared pituri carried behind the ear, a chew of which was ? politely offered to Grace, who managed to evade the offer without giving, offence. While trying to get some Information from them re garding the waters to the westward by means of his own boy, who could slightly under (C+ ft Till 'ttiHYIrt +V»^iTT TTT_M»ni £ri~n -r*i-t v_/4 V»-— a ls-m? ''1 III I «__V«_-__,p 1.JJ.CJ ¥* «--._. C CLO.J. L1CU *Jjf **? iVUU-a wailing cry from the crest of the ridge facing the creek. The blacks jumped up, grasping their wea pons as they did so. Grace, anticipating' treachery, drew his revolver, and stood ready; but no harm was intended. The cry was re peated, the blacks answered it, and some of them went in the direction of the sound. ' 'Nother feller come up,' said the boy. Grace waited, and a group of natives pre sently appeared, slowly approaching. As they drew nearer, it could be seen that they were either supporting or carrying one amongst them. Evidently the call had been for assistance. When they came to the camp they were helping an aged blackfejlow, white-haired and white-bearded. His rheumy eyes seemed blinded with the glare of the mid-day sun, and -he blinked at the white) man with unresponsive gaze as the latter stooped over him. Apparently he was a very old man, of a once talj and burly make, now gaunt and attenuated; evidently he had lived ? beyond the usual span of a native's life, and was slowly dying of extreme old age. Remembering the idle tales of an ancient European amongst the natives, Grace exam ined him attentively, but there was no sign of white blood in him. After some water and food {the latter given him by Grace, some which he had brought with him for a 'mid- day meal), the old man revived somewhat; bat Grace's boy was unable to find out why *he blacks bestowed on him such care and at tention, for it was unusual amongst them. Finding that they* were going to remain a few days ftt tfee waterhole, he told them that he would return the next day, and rode home. 'It's deuced 'queer,' he said to his partner, when they were discussing the matter, 'bnt tiiose jiggers must have had a fine old con tract jggfcttng that man across the dry stage; iftey were regularly dead beat when they sung out for the others to come and help them an. I wonder that they didn't knock him on the head!' ' ? 'Yes; tfaeyYe not generally so considerate, although more so than they are usually given credit for.' 'Come ap with me to-morrow. We'U take old Yackandaado up with us. He can yab ber to. these fellows better than any of them.' Strong agreed, and the next morning, ac companied by the black professor of tongues, they rode up to the aborigines' camp with a few presents. ' The .ancient native was much better, and after distributing what they had brought they told Yackandando to try and find out why he was so well looked after. ' The reason turned out to be simple, enough:, ' He had a knack of preparing the pituri in a way peculiar to himself, converting the plant Into a strong and potent drug, that was much better than that prepared in the ordinary way. In fact, according to the nativ.es, the old man was of an enormous age, and had survived in consequence of the power of the plant on his system. 'I've often meant to try some of the staff,' said Grace. ? 'I wonder whether the old boy will make me some up, they're ^sure to have eome of the dry pituri with them.' 'If I were you I wouldn't watch the prer paration, at any rate,' replied Strong. \- Graee made his request, which was conreyr ed to the old man, who seemed somewhat agU tatea when it was explained to hjm. He wanted to see Grace close, and looked lone at him with his dim eyes. Then he said something ,that the others interpreted, that he would make him a dose that would cause him io steep and dream. That he would have it to-morrow, and that- one of the natives would take it In to the station. The next afternoon the plug of fermented pituri duly arrived, enclosed in a wisp t-f : .--'grass. ..'?'.. ' . ? . ' . . ? Grace postponed taking it until bedtime, then, According to instructions, vigorously 'Chewed^ the; ainsavory-lopking quid Jior some tep minutes, ^then he spat it outj rand got into ?'?''???.?;?'??;. .j ills linnlcr '?.'-:?? '.?;''. ::- ? ?' ? ?. :- ?- -..?'.???.?. ..??:?' \- /'.-'-- -'/Strong, who had been laughing at him, lay \- awake :~6ome time longer reading, before put ting the primitive eiush .lamp.-put, '.'pe_ looted , and peaepate^ ? :'?:?.'. ?' ? ;. ' ^ .?_.??.' 'A good opiate, after all,' said strong, as he vexjangnished %£jight. , ,~; ???'? ;?- ....;.;. :'-^-*--; ?v- *.-?? : ? -f :?#.;_ ? * ^Tnere: ':w$sv& ^fearfijl. row: going on eoine where, thoiight Grace, as he wearily opened y\\-' Ms eyfis; t-ht'i|'7w|ifi ionly Imagination, for the ' '???'. most (complete silence reigned around. Grar i dually, as Ms senses fully returned, he found ?tliat'iie.wfis in ^ feeop^n-airl that he was stuT, 'sore/luad in pain;-moreover, -he was lying on the Adeek of & ship that was rolling Rightly, and that other forms were stretched around Mm.; With great eiertibn he raised his head, but^no^lights':iirould^48e^-aD''^^em€lt'-3Qus: visible/: the sails , were Isei, and the vessel speeding through the. water; that was all he \ could make out before unconsciousness again overtook him. . When he once more opened his eyes he was still lying on. the deck, with the same dread silence around; but now the dawn was break ing, and the light grew fast. . v What a strange old «hip it was! The sails that were set were rent and torn, and the deck was broken and bloody. Men, dead and wounded, in strange dresses,' were lying prone, and others were moving abotu^. But the moving enes made no noise, the masts and cordage did not creak, even the wind that blew and filled the sails was dumb. Making an effort, Grace got to. his feet, and propped himself against the high bulwark, but .his own movements were noiseless. He now could see all along the deck, which was flush. At the stern were gathered a knot of men dressed in a fashion of more than a hundred and fifty years ago. Two, who seemed to be of the highest rank, wore knee breeches, long-skirted coats, and three-cornered hats. The other men were roughly dressed, eome with sea-boots, some barefooted; many had bloody clouts about their heads and limbs. All were armed with cutlasses, long pistols, and pikes. As the daylight spread fast, Grace could see their lips move as though angrily speak ing, but not a word reached him; all was dumb-show. They were looking eagerly as tern, and following their gaze he saw a ship there evidently pursuing them. Even as he looked a puff of white smoke burst from Tier bows, and there was a splash astern. TTi« attention was attracted to flie .flag fluttering at their peak. . It was black, and on it was a grim white skull and cross bones. The Jolly Roger J He was on board a pirate craft, chased by a King's ship, but of what nation he could.not determine. He glanced at him self, and then noticed his own dress. Not only was he on board a pirate ship, but he was one himself, an officer of some sort; for his dress was rich like the two men astern. His left arm was useless, and his neck was stiff from a cut on the shoulder; there was a movement near him, though soundless as all things wereon- that strange old ship. A woman's head appeared out of the hatch way, and presently she ascended and stepped on deck. ' She looked at the men astern, then around her, and smiled at Grace. Look ing at her he thought he had never seen, such a wonderfully beautiful face, although pale and worn as if with fatigue. She waved her hand to him and went below again, only to re-appear with a long glass tankard, filled with Wine, which she brought over to him. He took it gratefully and drank, feeling new life course through his veins as he did so; then he handed it back to her, trying to ex press his thanks; but his voice had no sound. The woman took the tankard and Grace no ticed what a white hand she had, and the rich jewels that sparkled on her fingers. Just ! then the men at .the stern came forward, their | attention having evidently been called to something in sight ahead. The two officers spoke to him as though asking how he felt, but though his lips answered the silence was unbroken. The woman spoke to one of the two, and he came and examined his wounds. Meanwhile the silent chase continued; but the ship behind did not gain, and their bans still fell short A black line was now plainly visible ahead, and towards it the vessel was steadily kept. The firing astern was increas ed, but without result, and the black line soon developed into a belt of mangrove trees. More appeared, and gradually it was evident they were approaching a wide shore, where the pirates hoped to find shelter from their pursuer. On the two vessels kept before a freshening breeze, the pirate captain anxiously examin ing the dense bank of mangrove forest into which they appeared to be driving. Sudden ly he poin#d to something ahead and drew his companions' attention to It; then they went an ugtt.ii±. xjje woman came ana stood beside Grace, leaning against the bulwark. She spoke to him', and he answered her, but what they both said he knew not; some Inner power forced him to epeak words of which he ! .was ignorant She turned -and looked back 1 at the pursuing vessel, without evincing fear or dislike; indifference seemed the prevailing feeling, only when she looked at Grace her eyes wore a look of kindness and affection, i What relationship could possibly exist be-] tween them? All this time the vessel was i rapidly nearing the mangroves in which an inlet was now visible. Into this their course was directed, one of the sailors up in the top seemingly conning her as she passed Into a fair-sized channel, up which the tide was run ning strong. They turned a point, ay^ before' them was a fairly ' straight reach of water. . Each side was^nothing tout the dreary man groves, here and there broken by little sandy plains, and jsilenfly they kept on their dream like couise. Suddenly the men at the stern .seemed highly elated, and exchanged looks of satisfaction. The cause was apparent. Over the mangrove point they had lately rounded could be seen the topmasts of the- King's ship, but stationary. She had struck on a mud bank. The end of the long, etraigbt reach termi nated In another expanse running at a differ ent angle, but at the end was a. ridge, higher, than the mangroves; beyond which ridge the inlet they were in did not appear .to be navig able. At this rocky point they anchored, a boat was lowered, and the captain and some men went ashore. Up to this Grace had been a passive spectator, but he now fonna' himself moving, stiffly about; and giving inau dible orders, or , rather the spirit controlling him was urging him on to act so. .Whether by his orders, or by those of the captain, the ship was being put in a complete state of de fence, as a boat attack was seemingly expect ed. ? The captain soon returned, and began speaking to the woman, who refused what ever request he was making, which appeared to be that she should go on shore during the ityyivauumg ugui, , inere was nox mucn tune to argue, as,three boats soon appeared round ing the point They came swiftly on, and when within 'shot one on board' held up a white flag, and the boat bearing it pulled ahead of the r^tet. An officer, richly dressed, but with a face of fierce passion, stood up in the stern and a parley ensued. It evidently had reference to the woman, who stood boldly out, and Joined in. - The parley was fruitless, and Grace guessed that peace was- offered if the woman was surrendered. Tlie boat pull ed back to the others, the officer shaking his 'eword hilt at the pirates as he left The white flag was hauled dowjn, and a desperate attack was made. Twice' were they beaten back; the' third time the assault was renewed. the offieer who had held ;the parley storming and raging as he urged them on. Grace had found himself taking an active part in the de fence; now he snatched a clumsy musket from a. sailor and fired at the officer, who fell' backwards, over the side of the boat The attacking party halted, ^ndfthen retreated. As the pirates werfe rejoicing, Grace felt a band oa~ius arm/ suid beside him stood the woman. - She looked iat pirn out of her deep, dark eyes witji a. loot of both affection and pity,~«and leaned her head on hie shoulder; ?aen- seemmglyfsecovered -herself, ana, putting Jjer hands on nifs cheeks, drew his face down and kissed ^him. The pirate captain stood' pear, and when .she released his face, he took his hand and ^oofe+ it heartily. ; ,' . ?. ' '.. An.a]i^af.'y^n£e]^^':''Lw.a8'.'jbidd, and the ^boat wijSi the' oliier officer? went away up the jaarrow channel *-f *the iriver. Meanwhile the vessel was; wsuped^i|^r^he shore, and the work -of uidcraauig;comme|acei_ Stores, arms, ^kd ammuniiabn were ^t^^u oU^ 'and convey ed across the ridge, Grace finding ; 'himself superintending matters as iSiough he had : Is 6ued4he tordersi; i:Th0fto^TCibanied,; and the work Went on ^ :all?iught| ^before- flajirlignt the Miip was - 'desertedi !and irhey all': proceeded across the ridge. ;On ihe .crest j$}$ icaptaln , halted, and/they :Tenialn^ Ithere untill 3ay broke. Then a column of smoke was rising from the sMp, :aad; *bund i&e; ? r^intl ;-ame= ' ??'?-- ?'? ?.N';-.'';:;__.;:::.:-.^.'^f;;:/;-'\\-' '?? f ..-;;:'- V-.i ' ^?-?' again the boats, now with cammad&s; Itnqunt-'; ed3n them.'' Evidently this, was, what; the; pirates had expected, *-r seeing that the boats could lay off and pound them to pieces they had fired the ship. When the men. in the boats «aw that the ship was ablaze ;tney ceased pulling, and lay on their oans watch ing -the -fire- ' Presently, in obedience, to an order, the boats' heads were turned, and they returned round the point- :'-t- ' The pirate company waited until; the vessel burnt to the water's edge,- then they marched %o4he place where then* stores were placed. ' Grace found this to be by the side of a la goon of fresh waterj round which ^grew the weeping tea-trees of the north, telling him that he was in Australia. Shelters were soon erected from spare sails, and there they remained while the wounded recovered some what , ' ? How many days it was Graee could not tell, all was so vague and dreamy now that the fight was over, 'only he remembered how he, the captain, the other officer, and 'the lady met one day, and the captain produced a .pa per: Then Grace knew what the dumb ghosts of the past could not tell him. The lady was his sister, the man whose body lay in the salt water- estuary, the prey of sharks and crocodiles, was her husband. The captain of the pirate vessel was her old lover, with whom, assisted by her brother, she had fled from her husband's cruelty-' and tyranny. Outlawed by the King of France, they had sailed for the French settlements in India, but were pursued there by the hus band, who was of high rank. Hoisting the black flag in defiance, they sailed for the Eastern Archipelago, but were doggedly fol lowed up by the Sire de Bricbeneuil, in a King's ship. From island to island,~and sea to sea, the chase continued, until at last the pirate craft turned t and fought But the King's ship was the strongest, and' once more? they flew south to the unknown 'terre Aus trale.' Again an encounter took place, and then the rest that was related Grace had wit nessed. To if was added that the ship had been burnt on an unknown land, and the survivors intended 'to make inland, thinking that in this vast country there must be civilised people who might shelter them. The document was buried, inclosed in a powder case, at the foot of one of the giant tea-trees. Then all things grew dim and strange. Visions, misty and obscure, of the party fall ing, off one by one; of barren ranges, of sun scorched plains, of hostile natives. But al ways that beautiful woman was with them, until at last they stood together alone, for the faithful lover and his men were dead by the way. They were on a ridge that appeared strangely familiar to him. Around were dusky savages who seemed friendly, and the worn and faded lips, that still smiled on him, formed the last words, 'Good bye.' So she died, and they buried her by the side of. a. mighty granite rock, In the ragged dress that still clung to her, and on her fingers the jewels and gold she wore. On her lonely grave they. piled stones, as heavy as they could bring, and raised a mound. Grace knew no more. '* * ♦ - * 'How did the pituri work, old man?' asked Strong. \- 'Let me think a little,' -replied Grace, look ing at him somewhat dazedly. Strong re mained silent; presently Grace got out of his bunk,- and, going to the table; sat down and commenced to write. . When he had finfehef he told his friend of his vision. 'I believe I know that ridge well, and I'm going there to dig that grave up,' he con cluded. Strong had listened, Interested In spite of the. disclaimer that was on his lips, but when his comrade had finished he agreed to go with him and investigate, only commenting that after a hundred and Qtty years,- or more, there would not be much left to be found. 'But I tell you,' cried Grace, vehemently, 'that we put stones beneath her, and bark above her, and on the bark heavy etones. They would not decay, man.' He -spoke as though it had all been actual reality, but Strong took «o notice of this. 'Well put It off until to-morrdw. After go ing to the Gulf of Carpentaria and back lagt night, you must need a rest,' he said. Tiie following morning they started, equip ped for the task. They went by way of the camp where the natives were, and both got off, as Grace wanted to see the old man. The 'venerable .old aboriginal looked hard at him as he approached, then epoke fjj his own tongue, which Yackandando, who had again accompanied them, tran^lated»to mean If the pituri had made him sleep. He answered' that it had. . ? A strange light of intelligence came into his wrinkled face, and he spoke as follows, ac cording to a free translation of the station boy's interpretation: 'You seek her whom you have seen. She is buried at ike great rock.' He raised his voice. 'Urillalo!' he called 'to one of his tribe, 'guide them to the hill of the white dead.' . He dosed hie eyes and sank back. Re mounting, and now accompanied hy the na tive named, Grace and Strong proceeded on *neir way. Tna,t night they reached the hill, or ridge, and camped there. Next morning, Grace was up by the earliest dawn, and, with the vision of the rude burial etill fresh in his memory, he had no difficulty In recognising the mound, now overgrown by grass and bushes. Setting to work, they soon rolled the istones aside, and opened the shal low grave. When they came to the layer of atones they lifted them reverently. The bark and the body had long mingled in undistin guishable mould, but in fancy Grace still saw the beautiful worn face, as he had kissed it in his sleep, And on the breast, where the hands had been piously folded, flashed the gemmed ringe the unhappy Frenchwoman had worn. . * * * * The partners sold their station to advantage eoon afterwards, and men wondered at the .wild extravagance that had made them erect an iron railing around a heap of stones, and a {stone «ross at the mound's head, afar on a lonely ridge away back from the creek. One old blaekf ellow knew, and wihen death at last claimed him his tribe buried him at the 'Hill of the White Dead.' 