WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. It is necessary that atl who desire I a purr, genuine article, especially ladies when nursing, should be careful to buy bottles intact. Ghosts,—At the Adelaide Police Court last week a man named Kudd wss charged with unlawfully die guisiag himself with a piece of white cloth, and was therefore deemed to be idle aud disorderly. On the night of May 6th, Thomas Meddal was on his way borne, when he noticed a figure in «hite emerging from the Wesleyan Cemetry. As it approached him he heard it eay " Thomas Meddal, I claim you," Be answered, " Take me tbrn," and struck it with a stick which be carried. The ghost41 closed" with him, and in the scuffle the 'sheet was disarranged, and Meddal in dentified ltudd. The defendant was fined 10s and costs—£4 Ce in all. Riotous Bkkaviocb.—A charge of riotous behaviour in which a Bolioitor of tbe Crown Solicitor's Office, Charles T. Russell, and a member of the I'olice force, Constable Irving, were concerned, was concluded, before Mr. G iles, S.M., at tbeCentrsl Policsjpourt, on Friday. Russell woe eharj^d, on the information of tbe constable, with behaving in a riotous manner, in company with others in Castlereagh slreet, on Sunday night at a late hour. Tbe case lasted four days, and a lot of evidenoe was brought forward on both sides. In giving his deoisiou the Magistrate said be had no doubt how tbe matter ocourred. Ha was sorry he had to deal with the case, but he intended to do bis duty; He regretted that unfounded imputations had been cast upon the police, especially against Iivlue, whom be knew to be oue of tbe quietest mombers of the force. A fine of £1 and £3 3s ooBte was imposed. Victoria.*' Raiwats.—Tbe failure of the graiu barreat in Victoria owing to drought, and the consequent loss of all the wheat export traffic, has been a serious blow to the railway revenue. The records of a day's work show that in 1882 the depart meat bandied 26,700 bags, which rose (i) 40,830 bags ou Jnnuary 1,1891. That day contributed to a record week's loading, which was 211,020 bagB. Tbia eeaeon (lie best day gnre only 23,120 bags, which, with one exception, is tho lowest record day for fifteen years. The largest loading for a single week was ia the week ended January 23 last, when the depart ment railed only 111,718, Taking the eeaeon from January 1 to May 31, the quantity of wheat carried in ; 1801 was 2,418,063 bags; 1892 it declined to 1,901,313, after which it rose to 2,591.270 bags in 1895, Hut this year's loading down to May 14 is only 010,130 bags. The loss in freight amounts to about £120,000. Wuo Pats tub Duty P —A. local instance of the effect of the tariff in cheapening goods. Before tho Dibbs duties were put. ou A. bought from B. a certain class of suit which cost hiui £6 10a. I'h" Dibits Du'ies were iinpos-d. Under ihem ho brought n'her suits . xiic ly siniila' in S'ylo, quality end finish. Price raised fo £7, Since the duties were icrav, d h« bought, yet more ' f the same clothes. Price, as psr bill received yesterday, £6 10s. This is an Armidale instance, and is absolute fnct. Perhaps some ono wiser than the most of us will still keep on saying the manufacturer pays the duty. Tnn WlJATHEn.—The reports from the various centres of the district yostciday and on Monday indloated cold and frosty weather. The at tached readings of the thermometer will show that it hue been pretty •' wintry'' in Armidale during the past few days:—Friday maximum 63, minimum 37, Saturday 63.2 nud 37, Monday 59.6 and 22, Tuesday 60 and 21. Dramatic.—Mr. Alfred Dumpier, supported by R povrerful drsmstio combination consisting of Messrs. E. llollowny, II. Abeighton, A. Rolfe, ondO. Duller, and the Misses. Rose' end Lily Dampler, Katharine Russell, and others, opBDs a tiro night's season in the Armidale Town Hall this evening with an adaptation of Alex ander llamas' remarkable work 'Monte Christo" To-morrow even ing the well-known " Robbery Under Arms," thepieoein whioh the Oampiere have madethemselves so popnlar All over the colonies, will be staged. The Samplers are sure to meet with a good reception, looally, owing in a great meoeure to the favorable-im pression whioh they created during their previous visit, r ■ I'nopEuiv Sale.—Messrs. Charles! Wilson and Co. sold by Auction on Monday, by order of the executors in the estate of the latp Mr. JameB HugboB, a conditional purchase o£ B0 acres, 5 miles from Armidale, oh the Ioverell road. There was very little improvement on the selection, and the amount of 5s per acre had been paid to the Crown in instalments, leaving a balanoe of 16a. The price' realise was £4 per acre. There really must be something wrong about this purchase. That terrible land-tax ought, if the prophets bs right,.to have rendered this land only saleable at about lialf-a-crown an acre. Police Magistrate ron Armidale-, —The Government Gazelle of Friday,, May 20, notifies the appointment,, from 1st June, of William Fax Parker, Poliee Magistrate of Albury, as temporary successor to Mr. C. E. Smith, transferred to Rstburat In additiou'to exercising the powers connected with the position of Police Magistrate, Mr. Parker has also been appointed Licensing Magistrate. Visiting Justice to the Armidale^Gaol, and District Registrar in Bankruptcy. The local band haa been im proved by the purchase of two or three new inatrnmente. - A concert in aid of . the, Armidale Band is in course of preparation, and will be held at an early date. . Mies Lanoe, who is giving lessons in cookery to the pupils of the local Superior Fablle School, announces the opening of a cUnforgtattt. Tire Coil 8thike—Nothing de finite has been settled yet with regard to the overtures of Mr. Brunker to hriug about arrangements between tbe parties to the dispute in the New castle coal trade. Tbe urine-owners as a body have not considered whether Mr. Brunkcr's invitation eball be ac cepted, and it is not certain whether a conference will be a result of tbe negotiations. A. District Court will be held at Armidale on next Saturday week, and a Court of Quarter Sessions on tbe following Monday. Judge Coffey The weather in Armidale since Saturday afternoon has been ex tremely cold. Tbe Dampier Company will appear in the Town Hall this evening, and to-morrow evening. Mr. E. Lonsdale, M.L.A, will address the electore at Mrs. Ferris' Dumeresq on Saturday evening next. At the Police Court on Monday, before Messrs. Clegborn and Higin botham Je. P., Walter Clark was fined £1 or 7 days for travelling in Hallway carriage without first having paid hie fare; M, Byrnes and H. Baker were fined 10s for drunkenness, and J. M'Shane 6a for a eimilar offence; and Thomas Mason, alios Williams, aliat Deeming was fined 2s fid for drunkenness and 10a for a sing obsoene language. The following will represent tbe Armidale F.C. against the' Arfomas on Saturday next:—Scott, Synge, Mannix, Gordon, Bliee, Bradley, Ashton, Braund, Belfleld (2), Croft, Sullivan, Brown, Allen, Dolan; emer gency, Donnelly. At the last meeting of theQuiriudi Municipal Council the Mayor stated that he was of opinion that the Coun cil was not in a position to pay a Clerk and overseer of Works at the present salary, unless he also used the pick and shovol. The Council Clerk said that though he vras always trilling to give all assistance in his power, thero wse no mention in his agree ment of his being eipocted to do manual labor. After some further discussion the matter was allowed to drop. The announcement is made of the appointment of Mr- W. F. Edwards, P.M., l'arramatta, to be a stipendiary magistrate within the metropolitan police district, vice dames Giles, Esq., retired,—such appointment. to take effect from the 1st June, and to be tem porary ooly, pending the full assump tion of control by the Public Service Board wheu the service has beeu classified. A meeting of miners held at Wilson's Downfall on Saturday formed a prospecting party to pros pect reef between Lode and Uaby Creeks. A writ has been issued by Mr. Thomas Payten, horse trainer, of Randwick, against -Mr. David Symo as proprietor of the Melbourne Leader, far £3000 damages for alleged libel. At Maclean on Saturday, M'Pher son, of Tasmania, again won the In tercolonial wood-chopping contest, cutting a 30 inch blackbut log in two minutes 59 seconds. He also wan a. match for chopping through a stand ing log 18 inches thick iu four minutes 16 seconds. No room in Buckingham Palaoe has occasioned more cariosity than the Queen's bedroom, as she gave orders that nobody should ever be permitted to view it. Curiosity ooald not have been centred round a more unpretentious apartment. The bedstead and furniture are. of the simplest deeoription, but the room is crowded with pictures and photos of the Prinoe Consort. It is a veritable treasure house of mementoes of her Majesty's late husband, A men who has never had'.the toothache does not know the real pleasure there is in not having it.> Politician :' Well, how do you find business. MerohahtBy advertising for it bb usual.' Bobby—•' Why do they call an un married woman a epineter, paf' Fa —* Beoauee sheas spinning a web for an unmarried maD, Bobby.' , : Client; «Well, didT make a good wltaoee'f -Lawyer; * Yes j 'betwean you and. that stupid j ury you took some pounds out of pocket. Client: ' Why.I won "the case,."didn't IF' Lawy errThatV- just the point; I wanted anhanceto:(appeal.' — 