WHOSE HAND P OK, The Mystery of No Man's Heath. CHAPTER XIV.—(Conti7iuccl.) He moved almost involuntarily to the shrubbery-path, and on to the Blinded ?walk. The moonlight lay in bands across it, and the shadows of tho boughs were ?woven into a weird arabesque. The high and cloudless orb, a hard circle of wnite lire, stared mutely down through the branches, and liveried every twig and stono with gray. The little gate of the grave-yard should have come suddenly in sight as Captain Brooke turned the massive trunk of a horse- chestnut which arched its foliage blackly above him ; but, strange to say, lie could not distinguish the dark iron grill, or rather it seemed lost in fog. He stood in the shadow, to examine what seerae.i to him to be a phenomenon, and then moved forward cautiously. He thought he perceived, as he approached, a dim, white figure, standing at the gate. Plis heart leaped to his mouth, and, with a deep-whispered ejaculation, he strode rapidly on ; but the figure suddenly detached itself from the gate and was lost to view. He did not hesitate, i That rapt expectation filled him from head to foot. His pulses beat wildly, and with impetuous haste he made for the iron wicket. There ?was nothing in sight. The tombs were all in a trance of moonlight and still, black shadow. Aa he was turning away in despair he fancied he caught a glimpse of white in the young plantation beyond. He rushed blindly nn into the thicket, stumbling, and breaking through bush and bramble which impeded his way, till he beheld the uooer Dart of a white figure gliding rapidly before him, He redoubled his speed, came up to it, and grasped at it. A warm, living wrist was in hiB hand. He drew the unknown after him out on to the open walk, and there stood Nancy before him, sheeted like a ghost. ' Nancy ! ' She could not utter a word; for Nancy, indeed, it was ! She diopped her head forward, and stood there discovered, and overwhelmed with shame. The white drapery dropped to her feet and lay in the moonlight. ' So it was you 1' ' It was T,' she faltered. ' I had no other way ; I did not mean that you should catch me.' ' No other way ?' he asked ; ' for what object 1' ' To drive that man out of the house. His presence there was stifling. I should have died of him and his daughter, ( , and I coi?ld think of nothing else.' 'This is a mockery, an insult to my mother's memory, Nancy.' Bofrb talk to mo, please, like that. I' re enough to bear. I never thought you could look at me so. Forgive me ! I meant no disrespect ; indeed- — indeed, I never did. I thought that man had guilt on his mind, and now his fright has proved it — he ran away !' ' What guMt She was silent, and he waited for her to-speak. When he put the question again, she said, with decision : ' I cannot tell you ; it must not come from me.' The Captain waived the subject, and continued, in a tone lowered and impres sive : ' Nancy, I must speak to you ser iously, more for your own sake than for mine ; and you must answer my ques tions.' ' He has poisoned you against me. Now I've no friend 1' she said, plain tively. ' Leave that linen there on the. ground^ and come with me. If he had poisoned me against you, why should T apply to you 1' f What do you want to know 1' she asked, timidly. ' Explain to me what took you out that night; why had you the rifle in your hand i' ' To shoot Mr. Davidson,' said Nancy, in a sobbing whisper. The Captain was staggered. 'Why 1' asked he. 'Because I hated him; because he wronged and slandered me beyond bear ing. I'm glad now I was stopped.' ' What stopped you !' ' A shot, which seemed almost fired by my side.' ' How came it the rifle was warm, as if just fired ?' 'Oh, Hephaibah told you that! I fired it off in the air, near the yard gate; I was so shocked and terrified at my own wickedness.' 'No orio heard that, second shot, Nancy.' 'I scarcely heard it myself, for ; Davidson drove his gig with a crash , against the gate.' ? 'Oh, Nancy, Nancy!' The shadow on his face darkened. ' One more question : How came you to have seven sovereigns hidden in your room ? ' ' Have dono ! have done ! ' she ? cried. 'I found them with Joe. Joe cannot acquit me, but it is true. You do not believe me ! ' she said, with a little wail. ' Forgive mo!' There never was a more touching appeal, in face, and gesture, and voice, than these little words. 'I have grown vory. anxious about you, Nancy,' said he, with deliberate emphasis. 'About me?' She laid a trembling hand on his powerful arm. Ho seemed to have grown abstracted, and walked slowly on. ' You frighten me,' she said. ' What is it?' t , He stood still, looking away from her, and, with a little motion of his hand, lie pointed toward tho sky. ' There is a God in Heaven,' said he, ' Who has witnessed, and witnesses, ' everything — who knows every seeret of the heart. His eyo is on us both, ' Nancy. I am blind ; I know nothing. God enlighten me in my perplexity ! ' The sobs had been coining, and now, in a Hidden outcry of grief, she ex claimed, inarticulately : 'You suspect me; you think me guilfy ! Oh, my, God ! ' He would have taken her hand, from the mere manly instinct toward a woman in grief. She suddenly choked back her agony, and darted from his side, lie heard her swift, light step beating the walk as sho ran, brushing past tho shrubs ; lie saw her shadow in the moon light, flitting, flitting away ; and then she was lost to sight in the fair dusk. ( To be Continued. ) 