HOW BAHTISTO'S PLOT FAILED. A STORY FROM HISTORY. Rain fell in torrents trom me grey- black clouds. In the heart of the storm a little body of English dragoons waB sullenly splashing and floundering along the drenched road between Gran- aullla ana Koaiecio. They were soaked to the skin and faint from long fasting, but their gloomy silence was due to neither rain nor hunger. After a bard-won victory —the famous fight of Tnlavera— they w ere retreating before the French forces, aud this filled them with rage and shame. Beside the grim figure of Sergeant- Major Barton, Lieutenant Trevor was riding with slack reins, leaving his clever mount to pick her own way in the rutty road. A trooper galloped alongside, and saluted. "Major Bruce wishes a few words with you, sir." Major Bruce, who was in charge of the little force, was a man of obsDuate and headstrong temper. "YYell, Trevor," be said, as the band- some young subaltern came abreast of ldm, "we can't be far from the little village wo noticed on the map — Ran Marco, was it not ? Send forward a sergea'nt and a couple of men to find the road, and to get news from the first peasant they see. If San Marco is near we will halt there for the night." The lieutenant gave the requisite or ders, tlie troopers appointed pushed on ahead, and tlie rest of the little caval cade continued its march. Soon Die scouts returned, the ser geant with a terrified Spanish boy be fore liini in the saddle. The major, frowning at the small and shrieking captive, addressed him stern ly in the best Spanish he could muster. " Stop your shouts, you bowling brat, and answer, or I will hare 3011 shot, IIow far off is San Marco? Which Is tlie way? And— no lies, mind, or you are lost— have you seen any French sol diers in this part since the last English troops went by?" The prisoner— a tiny, brown-skinned, dark-eyed peasant boy. perhaps ten years old— was more terrified than ever by these awful threats. "Let me try, major," said Trevor at last, and lifting the little captive on his own horse, trotted a few paces apart, talking soothingly in Spanish to the boy meanwhile. "No, I am not English, my boy," he repeated, reassuringly, adding sotto voce: "I'm Scotch, though. And I won't eat you. I am going to take you home. Where do you live? San Marco? All, I thought so! And what is your name? Pedro Scera — that is a fine name, isn't it?" Iu ten minutes be had pacified the lad. aud learnt all he could tell— which was not much. Sun Marco was two miles off on tlie left road. "Mother" was there. "Mother" worked at some place whose name he could not pro nounce, and Pedro had seen no French men. Soon after the troopers trotted into San Marco— a mere desolate cluster of huts— with Pedro perched on Lieuten ant Trevor's horse and chatting mer rily of his parents, and of the fierce hulls he had seen on the liills. Tlie troopers were quartered in barns and stables; Die senior officer, with his lieutenant and two sergeant-majors, saw that sentries were posted and troopers and horses safely bestowed for Die night before making for the filthy, little inn, their temporary headquar ters. At the inn door they were met by an olive-eomplexioned Spaniard, who in troduced himself as Bautisto Muerta, steward to Don Miguel de Flores. His master, he explained, had fled to Por tugal—this cruel war hgd xuiutGd him— but such item' quJnters as the don's Imuse, El Castollo, afforded were at the Lngnsh officers service. "Better stay here, among the men," suggested Trevor to his chief. "What, in tills hole?" retorted the major. "There is not the ghost of a Frenchman for miles; no one has seen a sign of one. No, I will leave Ensign Fancourt in charge here; lie can speak Die lingo as well as any of us. We will ride up at once," he said to the steward. "Pardon, hut this is not possible, seuor," replied Muerta. "Tlie road is very steep, and difficult for horses even by the day." " Very good, then, we must walk," said the English leader. "And you two meu, Barton aud Ward, had better come, too." "Barton, bring my holsters," whisper ed the lieutenant. Major Bruce took no such precautions. A stiff climb up the hillside in the un certain light of a clouded moon brought tlie party to El Castollo — a rambling, desolate old house, unlit, save for a flickering light in one window. Fol lowing Muerta into the empty hall and up a broad stalrwny, the dragoqn en tered a long salon. Dark old family, portraits occupied one wall of the room, a few atllcles of heavy oak furniture stood about, and a couple of candles were burning on a small plain table, on Svhich a tasty repast was spread. The piajor's eyes glistened at the sight of two bottles of wine. A comely woman of middle age, who was busy at the table, looked curiously at Lieutenant Trevor. "Shall I show you your room, excellency?" she asked In Spanish. "Never mind that now — let's have gome supper. I am famished," cried the major. His junior courteously de clined the woman's offer, and the meal commenced. Muerta stood behind the table, obse quious, but watchful. He left his post for an Instant, however, to close the door after the servant on her entry with a fresh dish ; as she passed Trevor she whispered in his ear, "The wine- beware!" and instantly emptied his glass and Barton's into a dish she was removing. There was no time for more ere Bau- tlsto resumed his post. Trevor, startled by his strange warning repeated It In English to Barton, laughing meanwhile, as If at a joke he was making, and rely ing on the steward's ignorance of the language. But he saw with dismay that Major Bruce and the second ser geant-major bad already drained a glassful each of the beverage so strangely denounced. Supper being ended, the table was cleared, pipes were filled, and the four dragoons settled down to a lazy hour be fore going to rest.. The subaltern, still brooding over his inexplicable warning, saw his superior officer and Sergeant- Major Ward were already nodding in their chairs, and his uneasiness deepen ed. Their host had left the salon pre ceded by the servant, and closing the heavy door after blm. "Beg pardon, 6ir," said Sergeant- Major Barton, as soon as the soldiers were left to themselves, "but that wo man knows something queer. The se cond time she came In she gave me a look and slipped a paper into my hand; hei-e it is sir." He produced a folded scrap of paper with 11 iew worus scrawled on it in Spanish: "Why, oh why, would you not lei me warn you earlier? Muerta is a traitor. I am sure of it— he sent a sec ret messenger an hour since. The French— the fifth panel from the win dow — — " The note ended abruptly, as though the writer had been suddenly disturbed. "The fifth panel!" repeated Trevor in bewilderment and alarm. "What can she mean?" He sprang to his feet, seized hJs pis tols, and strode to the door. It was Listened! He Bhonted aloud to Muerta —nil was silent in the house save for the echoes liis cries awakened. The stout oak door defied the shock of his weight and Barton s. "Rouse Ward and the major, man- quick!" he cried; but the sleepers could uot be stirred by all Barton's shouts and pushes. Escape by the window, with two helpless comrades, Trevor sa w to be impossible. "Trapped!" lie said, bitterly, at last, and then muttered again: "The fifth panel— what can she mean?" He paused before the panel denoted? It bore the portrait of a soldier in fif teenth-century war gear, and seemed to differ In no way from the others. He tapped the wood-work with his sabre's bill; It tang hollow. He tried the next and the next; they sounded muffled and dead. "I have it!" he shouted. "There is a chance yet. Quick, Barton, drag that big bench before the door, pile the chairs on it— anything to barricade the door!" The puzzled sergeant-major obeyed. "It is a sllding-panel, man," the lieu tenant cried; "we must find the spring of it." With eager fingers tliey searched nmoi.gtho scrolls and flowers carved 011 the heavy oak frame, but no spring or nob repaid their search. In desperation, Trevor drew one of liis horse-pistols from its holster, cocked both triggers, and fired at the head of the portrait. The heavy bul lets tore the canvas and splintered the wood-work beneath. Leaping on the table, he peered through one of the holes Just made, and shouted, "I can see a faint light, Barton. Lend a hand to smash this In!" Together they crashed the panel in with the table, their comrades sitting like statues throughout the din. A gaping passage was disclosed, faintly lit by a side grating. Voices and foot steps echoed In the hall. "In with you," the lieutenant cried ; and Earton, bent nearly double under the weight of his brother sergeant- major, clambered from the table into the opening. With his sword In his right band, and the major's limp body across his shoulder. Trevor followed, kicking over as he went the one candle that had remained alight. A voice at the salon door cried in French: "Yield yourselves, dogs of English ! You are trapped!" The barricade cracked and groaned as the door was thrust inward. Groping along the dim passage, strik ing against beams, and choked with 'dust, the two soldiers, with their help less burdens, reached and descended a steep flight of steps, unbolted a low door at the foot, and passed out In to the moonlight. "Halt!" cried a deep voice from the shrubbery behind the fugitives, nnd then added, in amaze: "Well, be jabers, 'tis the liftinent and Barton, bhoys!" "Yes, here we are, Denny," answered Trevor. "Post a strong guard at that gate, quick!" A dozen Frenchmen, followed by the traitor Muerta, issued one by one through the low door, and one by one were seized and tied. "Any more gintlemin a-comiu', sorr?" asked Trumpet-Major Denny, while the troopers roared with laughter. "That we must find out," replied the subaltern. At that moment Ensign Faneourt came round the angle of the house, fol lowed by a dozen troopers, and the two little bands made a cautious search, but not another enemy could be found. The main doors were ajar, and with in the house was only the woman who had given Trevor such timely warning. "Who told you of our peril?" asked the lieutenant, turning to Ensign Fan- court. "A little gipsy-looking boy brought a note In Spanish," was the reply. The woman stepped forward. " The French scouts were following you all day," she said to Trevor In her native tongue, "but they were uot in force en ough to attack you. Marshal Victor offers a big bribe for every British offi cer captured, and the villain Bautisto's plan was to drug you and then call in the scouts. He suspected me, and would not let me leave the house, so I sent little Pedro down to the village with a letter." "We owe you our liberty, perhaps our lives!" said Lieutenant Trevor, warm ly. "You must love the English well to risk so much for them." "No," she replied, lightly, with a care less shrug. "French 01 English, what is that to me who am neither? But you were good and kind to little Pedro, he told me, and— I am Pedro's mother." 