CURRENT TOPICS Travellers.-The Chief Secretary (hon. William Moore), with Mrs. Moore, arrived from Hobart per express train yesterday.They journeyed to Melbourne per s. Coogee. Mr. Moore is proceed ing to Victoria on private business, and will probably return next week. English Mails.-The s. Bellinger,with the Tasmanian portion of the English mails ex R.M.S. Ophir, dated June 20, on board, cleared Queenscliff at 1.50 p.m. Yesterday for West Devonport.She is due there at 1 p.m. to-day, and the mails will be forwarded per afternoon train for Launceston, so that a delivery will be made at the post-office window at 8 o'clock this evening. City Mission Hall. - A blue ribbon meeting and coffee supper drew a good attendance at the City Missions Hall last evening, Mr. R. Marshall (City Mission ary) being in the chair. An excellent programme was provided, opening with a selection by the boys, and comprising solos by Messrs. B. Rose and T. Elliott, duet by Misses E. and I. Craib, trio by Misses Lamb and Maumill and Mr. Crooks, recitations by Messrs W. Rose, Renshaw, Charles Green, and G. Britten~ Mr. J. Crooks delivered an address, and at the close of the meeting ten signed the pledge. .. .: Police Court.-Mea?Ps. E. Whitfel&, P.M., and J. C. Reycraft, J.P., were on the bench yesterday morning and or dered .a woman, who pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly on the pre vious evening through having taken a i drop too much for her cold, to pay 10s t for her indiscretion, or to go to gaol for three days.-An adjourned codlin moth case against a Chinaman was further adjourned.-Henry Arthur Percy was I granted permission to sell liquors at St. I Leonards Hotel, under the license of Charles Manser, until the next meeting of the Licensing Bench but one.-R. H. Jones, of the All-the-Year-Round, was granted permission to sell at Tatter sail's races to-morrow. Road Trust Election.-The extraordi nary election to fill the vacancy of a trustee in the Northern Macquarie Road Trust, caused by the retirement of Mr. R. Jones, who has left the district, took place on Wednesday. The candidates were Messrs. Henry Foster, of Merton Vale, and Norman Nicolson, of Camel ford, and the voting resulted as follows: -For Nicolson: Campbell Town, 104; Cleveland, 40; Barton, 34; total, 178. For Foster: Campbell Town, 53; Cleve land, 2; Batton, nil; total, 55. Majority for Nicolson, 123. Longford Police Court.-Our corres pondent reports:-The Warden pre sided at the police court on Thursday morning. Thomas Goss (52) and Samuel Goss (40) were charged with having on or about July 19 stolen from a detached kitchen, occupied by William Goss at the Liffey, 1i/2 bags (about one cwt.) white sugar, one jar potted butter, about 201bs., six loaves btead, one leg mutton, about 61b. tea, 41b. cooked corned beef, 31b. black currant jam, 31b. quince jam, and one new three-bushel bag. They were further charged with receiving a part of the aforesaid pro perty, knowing it to have been stolen. Accused pleaded not guilty, and were remanded fcr a week. Presbytery of Launceston.-The Pres bytery of Launceston met in St. An drew's school-room on Tuesday. Pro sent-Revs. R. M. Fergus (Moderator), H. Jones, M. G. Hart, A. Hardie, J. Rus sell, clerk, and Messrs. J. Crooks and J. Bell, elders. After prayer and the confirmation of minutes Mr. Russell said he desired to resign the clerkship of the Presbytery. For fourteen years he had e. :, 1,icd that position,but as he had lately been appointed clerk of the General Assembly he could not do the work of both, and thought this office shculd be given to another member. Mt. Hardie moved, with regret-"That the lesignation of the clerk be accepted, and that Messrs. Jones, Hart, and Hardie be appointed to prepare a minute expressive of the Presbytery's appreciation of Mr. Russell's services to the church." This was seconded by Mr. Jones, and carried. On the motion of Mr. Hardie, seconded by Mr. Russell, Mr. Fergus was appointed clerk up to the end of the present year. The Pres bytery instructed the clerk to send a Presbyterial certificate to Rev. J. Mur ray, formerly of Beaconsfield. 'Mr. Jones was appointed Moderator of the session of West Tamar during the vacancy. On the remit. from the General Assembly in regard to granting power to, mission aries to dispense the sacrament . and celebrate marriages being considered, Mr. Jones moved-"That it is inexpe dient to grant this power, but that the church reserves its right to deal with any special case on:its own merits, and that under no circumstances shall it be granted unless the 'missionary -be an elder.ofthe church." This was seconded by' Mr. Hardie, and carried unani mously. Iti was agreed to approve gene rally, of the remit from :the :Federal- As sembly on the incorporated union of the Presbyterian churches of Australia and Tasmania. The Rev. A. Hardie, with Rev. J. Russell as alternate, and Mr. D. M'Kimmie,with Mr. John Taylor as al ternate, were appointed:representatives to the' Federal Assembly, which meets in the Assembly Hall, Melbourne, on Tuesday, September 8 next. Mr. M. G. Hart was appointed assessor of Hag ley ;session. Mr. Hardie, as convener of the foreign missions committee;brought up the. question :of forming a Presbyterian. Women's Missionary Association in Tasmania, 'and moved .a remit to' the meet ing of the Assembly's Commissioti in September, the first aim of the asso ciation being to raise funds for the New Hebrides missionary, as funds are ur gently required at once. This was s(-conded by Mr. Hart, and carried. The Presbytery meeting was closed with the benediction, and adjourned to the first Tuesday of ,October. S"Trilby."-But a few days and "Trilby" will be with us. .The com Dany is expected from Melbourne by to morrow's boat,' and will appear at the Abademy of Music 'on Monday evening. The 'phenomenal booking has made a fulll house assured,and there is no doubt theaif genuine treat awaits those of oUt local plajygoers who believe in pattonising a' capable combination when'one pays a visit to Tasmania. Special arrangements have been made on the Main Line for the convenience of cotunti-y patrons, of whom there pro misee to be a good number. Parliamentary Debating Society. The businesis to be brought before this evening's sitting of the Parliamentary Debating Society comprises the ad journed debate on the Defence Act Amendment Bill, in which a great deal of .interest has been evinced, and the Treasurer's financial statement. Ladies and the general public are invited to be present. TheSpeaker will take the chair-~at eight o'clock, 'the hbuse com mittec nmeeting at 7.30. ' - "The Sesrchliglit.'"-No.2 of this pub lication has beena sent to us by Messrs. T.'Hoo'd'aid Co., and contains 30 pages of litterpress, dealing with religious, political, and social subjects. Bon Voyage.-A goodly number as sembled on the wharf yester day to bid farewell to Misses Salter and Field, who took their depar ture by the Coogee for Melbourne, en route, per s. Australasian, to the South African mission fields. They were ac companied as far as Melbourne by the Rev. J. T. Piercey, who has gone on fur lough for four or five weeks, hoping that the. change may benefit the affection of the throat from which he has suffered so much lately. The two young ladies were the recipients of some nicely bound volumes, which were presented to them at the Memorial Church on Sunday last on behalf of the congregation by Mr. i Piercey, in acknowledging which both testified to the happiness they felt in going forth to do God's work in the dark continent. Miss Salter has been for some 3 ears in the employment of Messrs. M'Kay,Sampson, and M'Kinlay, the well-known drapers of Brisbane street, where she has gained golden opinions from her fellow employees. For some time past she has been the recipient of numerous presents from in dividual members of the large staff en gaged at this establishment, who pre ferred to show the esteem they felt to wards Miss Salter in this way rather than by a collective presentation. Both ' these ladies' numerous friends will wish them every success in their new sphere of labour. A Vision of the Night.-Among those who have a small parcel of sins to lay at the door of the ghost that was not a ghost is a young lady whose pleasure brought her in the upper portion of York-street a few evenings ago, when the moon was beaming brightly, though not so full as it is at present. She whiled away the time as she pursued her lonesome journey with making resolutions bold enough to frighten any number of the spirit world. Unfortunately she "looked back from the plough," and saw-something! Her brave intentions volatilised, and she hurried on to escape this-something! But still "the villain pursued her," and she almost ran.It was an awe-inspiring form, and on its shoulder--a coffin,after the manner of the reputed Hobart ghost. Silently it glided along, and gaining fast, despite her quickened paces. At last she could feel the ghost's "warm breath," and caught the glint of the coflin mountings as the moon beams played upon them. Her case was desperate, poor little maid, alone and unprotected, but she was made of sterner stuff than most girls of her age. She was not a member of the "shriek ing sisterhood," nor had she learned the art of fainting, though, truth to tell, she dearly wished to tly. Instead, me chanically, el~ stopped, and the strangely unfairl'- . figure passed, and then .?' ' wit,. fears were ground less. With ,l:.) ,a silent tread a "mon ster man" had p-ssed her,and shoulder high he bore a bright array of spark ling mooi beams dancing on a-fender! Electric Light.-The first of the Gov ernment offices in Launceston to re place gas by electrical lighting is the Office of Taxes, where a large amount of night-work is performed by the offi cials. Yesterday the work of installa tion was commenced by some of the workmen of the Corporation Electrical Department, and good progress was made-so much, in fact, that it is fully anticipated the wiring and fitting of the premises will be finished by this evening. At any rate, the current will be switched on not later than to-mor row evening. The installation is con fined to the Taxes Department, and will consist of sixteen 16-c.p. lamps, which, if desired, can be replaced by lights of 25 c.p. Narrow Escape From Drowning. - About -six o'clock on Wednesday evening as the Corio was berth ing at the wharf after a trip a deck hand named John Llewellyn had a narrow escape of being drowned. He had stepped off the boat on .to.the ,sheething of the pipes in order to put a rope round one of the piles, when his foot slipped and he fell into;the river between the steamer and the wharf. His cries for assistance were hleard :by Mr. David Petrie, the owner of the Corno, who fortunately was on the wharf at the-time and ran to the spot. Mr. Petrie got aboard his craft, and, after some difficulty,- succeeded in getting Llewellyn out of the water. The victim of the mishap was only rescued in the nick of time, as when Mr. Petrie got to the scene his cries had ceased, and he had evidently been in the water for some moments. Irish National Convention.-A meet ing was held in the Deanery, York street, last evening to take steps to ap point a delegate to represent Northern Tasmania at the convention of Irish men, which is to be held in Dublin in September next: The Very Rev. Dean Beechinor was voted to the chair, and Mr. W. P. M'Mahon was appointed sec retary. After an introductory speech by the chairman the Very Rev. John O'Mahony handed to the secretary a letter from Mr. Michael Davitt, M.P., enclosing a copy of the constitution of the convention, and expressing a strong hope that both Hobart and Launceston would be represented, and urging that Father -O'Mahony should be appointed. After a lengthy discussion on the ques tion of expenses it was ultimately, de cided to elect the Hen. C. Hamilton Bromby, who was a member of the House of Assembly for Central Itaunces ten when he held the portfolio of At torney-General in the Reibey Adminis tration (1876-77), and now of London, as delegate for Northern Tasmania. An emergency delegate was also elected. On the motion of the Very Rev. John O'Mahony, the following re solution was agreed to:--"That this meeting views with sorrow the con tir.ed:dissension in the ranks of the Irish Nationalist party. That, though we consider it no part of our duty to dictate to our friends at home the proper course to be followed in order that this dissension may be healed, yet, living as we do in a democratic com munity, we desire to impress upon our delegate, and through him urge upon the convention, that, in our opinion, the majority should rule; that this is the only way in which the existinig breach will be closed, and dissension will in the future be avoided." It was decided to offer the delegate expenses, and a sub scription list was at once opened, and a quarter of the amount collected in the room. Mr. R. 1. Meyers was elected treasurer. A vote of thanks 1o the chalrman eoncluded the meeting. 'Alleged Embezzlement. - John Wil liam Godfrey, aged 19, was arrested yes terday on a warrant charging him with having embezzled 3s Gd,' the moneys of his employer, Mr. Charles - Gren, carrie' of -Elizabeth-street.' Godfrey will be brought tip: at the police court this mor?n ,g : St. Andrew's Christian Endeavour. This society held its annual social meet Ing last :evening, at which there were present a large number of Priends from other societies. The Rev. Henry Jones occupied the chair, mnd the following contributed items of a miscellaneous character:-Messrs. Stor rer, Clarke, Ratcliff; Revs. Henry Jones mnd M. G. Hart; Master G. Jones; Misses Ferral, Button, and M'Laughlin. A very mnjoyable evening was spent. City Band.-At a meeting of the City Band Association held last evening it was unanimously decided to send the band to Sydney to take part in the forthcoming contest. Mr. F. Davies, tailor, visits Ulver stone on Saturday next, and will remain until Monday. 