AN AUSTBAHM ACTflfi, Theatrical Benefits. An Impromptu Fig Hunt. Schemes and Superstitions. (By L. B.) THEATjRICAL 'benefits' i are not . always benefi- I cial to the actor to whom ; ™s|k^ they are tendered, and \P-E^S V very often end in disap V£*5 Y§ pointment— that is, after Jy^yJ )| paying for printing, etc., JsK *'C*N*YJ the margin tof profit is ao small that it would be' difficult to know how to spend it. I . have re marked that it is nearly always the actor who is least in want of a monetary lift that has a bumper, overflowing house. Perhaps an Eng lish actor after the con-i elusion of a successful engagement, who goes home, and has a big send- off to swell his al ready bulged-out pock ets. The veteran who !has worked consistently for years, and whose funds in his latter days are low, may appeal to the public he has striven for years to serve; but they do not respond with heartfelt sympathy. Some of his old friends will turn up and do their best; but the masses know him not — ifor he is, to a certain extent, forgotten. To secure a good attendance at a 'benefit' I have known some curious devices resorted to— =per- haps some of them of a rather questionable na ture. On one occasion a young actor of no ex traordinary talent took a benefit in a New Zealand city. He was offered £10 cash for the 'house' on the morning of the day. The ofEer was -made in a jocular spirit, for no one thought that he would have even that small sunn of money in the theatre. His share was to be all over f 10. He refused with a meaning smile, and said 'Wait.' It was a fine night, and when I proceeded to the theatre I waiS surprised to see a crowd round the entrance waiting for the doors to be opened. It was an un usual sight, and not being required till the second act I strolled round to the frant, where the l-ene- ficdaire was complacently regarding the waiting pa trons. Presently the doors were opened, and the people flocked in, some paying at the box, but the majority, armed with tickets presumably purchas ed outside, pressed on to the checktakers. Then there came trouble — there was a block — and I heard some angry altercation going on — the check takers saying, 'These blue tickets are no good. They were lost. A fresh lot were printed, and only red ones are genuine.' It was funny to watch the faces of the disappointed ones. They protested— some, that they had bought them; others, that they had been sent to them — and threatened all sorts of proceedings. But, with the exception of one or two, they all paid — indeed, many had several ladies with them, and were ashamed to turn away, for they must have known that they were 'sold,' and that if the actor who ihad 'worked the job' chose to speak, their mean ness would be made apparent. Moreover, all the holders of these 'duffer' tickets were from the outskirts — the suburbs — in some instances from ?miles away. They could not well go back, ac knowledging to their female companions that they ihad not bought the tickets. Well, there was a fine house ; but when the manager heard of the device resorted to he was mightily annoyed, and the ac tor's services were shortly after dispensed with. He had some days before the performance hired a Jhorse, and enclosing in plain envelopes two, three, or more of these spurious, but apparently bona fide 'tickets, dropped them at intervals with in a radius of some miles of the city, placing very few in the city, however. The bait took. Bach en velope picked up was considered by the finder a prize, and In many cases it was, 'Ah! I bought some tickets in town to-day for Blank's benefit. Would you like to go, girls?'' and so on. It was an immense '-sell,' of American origin, and the victims deserved no sympathy; but it is not a ?trick that commends itself to a well-balanced mind. There are many plans in vogue for attracting audiences, aipart from the merits of the 'show.' Old John Kayner, proprietor of the famous Ame rican War Panorama, gave away a vast amount o£ valuable prizes on the lottery principle, each visitor receiving an envelope containing a blank or a prize, and the extra envelopes he sold, at Is each, to those w&o; found they had got blanks paid over and over again- for the gifts. Pro fessors Haselmayer and Anderson (son of the Wizard of the North) did likewise, till the autho rities stepped in and put the Lottery Act in motion. Even in our first-class theatres hi Sydney it is not considered a loss of caste to give away a valuable watch or other tempting article. I remember once a very amusing incident that ?occurred at a 'benefit' performance. Several gidjts were distributed to the fortunate holders of lucky numbers. One of the prizes was a chubby Sittle pig — a iialf+gromi porker. It liad been carefully washed and decorated with a blue rib bon, and one of the 'supers' held it between his knees, In full view of the audience, while its future ownership was being decided. The animal objected to his custody near the fooffligbts, and squealed and struggled lustily. The winner turn ed up in a 'curled darling' in the stalls, and he was invited to take possession of the prize, to the intense amusement of the audience, the dis comfiture of the CD., and the enjoyment of some ladies who were of his party. He did not seem to know how to act, but evidently decided on entering into the spirit, of the fun, and stepped forward to the orchestra barricade. But whether by accident or design, the pig, in its struggles, escaped and jumped over into the stalls, and dart ed amongst the trousers and petticoats of the oc cupants. There was an indescribable scene of con fusion, commotion, laughter, piggish squeals, and feminine screams, as the 'flying porker' made his presence felt. Caught once or twice, it managed to get loose again, till it fell headlong down some stairs that led to the street, followed by dozens of men and boys, and the chase was resumed. 'Eventually it was secured, after a most exciting run, and its captor annexed it, for the owner pro tested against taking delivery. . Actors, are superstitious folk, why I cannot say, for they are intelligent; must perforce be so. Friday, an unlucky day with sailors and others, is considered a good night for a 'benefit;' but Woe to the man or woman who opens an umbrella within the walls of a theatre, going or coming, on the day of the 'ben.' taking place. Indeed, such an act is always considered unlucky, being one of those traditions handed down from the long ago. To speak the last lines or tag of a play at rehearsal is also counted inimical' to lie success of the piece, and the actor who has to do so generally winds up with, 'So-and-so and So and-so,, the Irishman in London. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.' Locke's 'Macbeth'* mu sic, except when legitimately rehearsed in its proper place, is a mighty factor of ill-luck, and the unfortunate wight who hums it is cried down instanter, and looked upon in the light of a Jonah. There are many other curious customs, in and out of favor on the stage, but their origin is not exactly known. In all probability — and there are some pieces strangely connected with death-r-an actor has died upon the stage, giving utterance, to some well-known lines that almost foretold it, with other circumstances that have made that particular part to be shunned of actors for -the future, or mentioned with fearsome fore bodings. '.?When does the ghost walk?' or 'Has the ghost walked yet?' are questions, with variations, well inderstood by 'anyone who has the slightest pretension to stage experience, be he 'leading gnan,' 'super,' or 'bill-poster.' ? ? . It is recorded, like a blackfellow's tradition handed down, that an antique actor (it is not necessary to go back, of course, further than, eay, the sixteenth century) did play the ghost or spirit of Hamlet's father until he was sick of doing 'so, without* payment in due course. He thereupon put his Elizabethan- shod foot down and said *hat the ghost would 'appear' or 'waiHt' no more tlU be received the equivalent for Ms peregrinations. It is not told how he fared— per- haips 'be gotliis 'equivalents,'' or the 'sack,' ithe latter more iikely. . ,1 shave fortunately had few experiences of the default of tiie 'ghost,' but stall I have bad some. Once, ' in New Zealand, ' under Stuart O'Brien's management, poor Stuart's 'ghost*' was very irregular in &is; rambles, 'and his non-appearance was the . rule, not . the exception; again, as a memiber of a cominoiiweaHii in Ihe earns beautiful islands, when the spirit's gait was feeble ana erratic; and lastly here in Sydney, many years ago. This latter -was not at the Victoria or Queen'e Theatres.' At those two homes of the drama, at leaist during my connection with them,: tie spectre was punctual in its aippeaTanoe. No! It was at' what has -ot late years been known as the. Gaiety, and it ie, T think, fifteen years ago or ?therfea'bbut/that, owing to various causes, there were toany actors out ,o£ engagement. . One of . die j , causes was the -»mpuls6ry: closing of the Queen's, j .Some actors, conceived the ideax of engaging the . Guild HaU, and the trustees ot the property-tell i in jwiUi their views, and jjut op a proscenium,' dress circle, etc., and converted it Into a fairly j comfortable theatre, -which was designated tihe I Academy of Music. It -has changed its name more j than once since that, and has at last reverted \ to its old title of the Guild Hall. There was quite a large company when the theatre was -opened — over twenty, not counting supers and 'little people,' which two latter classes -were to be paid, having but small salaries. The mechanist threw in his lot with the rest, but the ?band, check-takers, etc., were to be paid. The actors and actresses were to be remunerated pro rata, according to their salaries, after aM working expenses had been paid. An agent, a well-known man, since dead, joined the 'eomanonwealith,' on a share with the rest, and a committee was ap pointed to see that things were properly managed, with economy, etc. 'But actors are bad account anits, or careless in money (matters. 'I suppose ?it's all right' is what they say, rather than be bothered. I cannot remember the names of all the com pamy,' but a few may suffice: Walton {leading man), generally dubbed 'Big' Walton, to distinguish Mm from another Walton of less stature and talent. 'Big' Walton is, or was, in Melbourne, tat I have not seen tiis name on a play bill since he was spoken of as a candidate, for some farcical reason, for member of the Victorian Parliament. It may be that it was meant for a 'shot' art the redoubtable 'Ooppin.' Then there ?was ouir old friend Harry Leston, with J. P. Keog-h and his Wife (Marion Willis), J. J. Welch, with many other greater or lesser lights, includ ing myself, just returned from. Brisbane. Things progressed. .We studied and played, played and studied, and at the end of the first week there was a small (a microscopic) profit, which, divided pro rata among .the 'proprietors,' might in some cases have paid some of us 6d to Is each. This munificent sum was carried to a 'reserve' account, and we 'hoped, as we were staging a big 'sensation,' that things would 'look up.' But the next week was no better, and one or two pertinacious ones insisted on examining the ac ? counts, and company receipts and expenditure, and growled at having to work 4or rent, band, printesrs, and small fry, for whom, the 'ghost walked,' while they were ignored by the warlike shade. The next week was like the first, though some cutting dowa of expenses had .been done, and one indignant actor walked out of the theatre during rehearsal, carrying his 'props' with him, when he learned the state of affairs. He was a mairried man with a large family, and no one could blame him. But his example was followed at intervals by others, who incontinently left; so that the shareholders being reduced in number, it was thought that those remaining would have a better chance of getting dividends. Renewed ef forts were made to attract the public, but they did not respond, and so the ghost irefused to walk. The only person who looked at matters compla cently and^with ihopeful eyes was the agent, who from time to time advanced shillings and half crowns to impecunious Thespians, occasionally in viting them to partake of a friendly glass at the old Barley Mow Inn, close to Park-street. But, of course, this sort of thing could not last, and as the ghost refused to walk, we walked ^-out of the theatre. Many companies took the place afterwards, changing its name, and had varying success, some variety companies doing very well indeed. It was in this theatre that Herr Bandmann made Sris last appearance in Sydney. He sent for me, asking me to understudy a part for him in 'The Woman of the People,' but learning that it was with a view to the dismissal of a brother actor with whom he had a difference at the time, I refused. Visiting him in his dressing-room at night, he was fuming and fretting, and indulging dn- strong German oaths, neatly translated into English to suit the occasion. The house was a !poor_ one, and Bandmann, who had an immense opinion of himself, stamped and swore at the ignorant citizens of Sydney, demanding in excited melodramatic tones- 'if they knew that an artist was in their midst!' Then I incidentally remark ed that I had seen him play at Newcastle-on-Tyne in England some years (before. 'Ah!' cried he. 'they know how to appreciate an artist like myself there. They are 'beeble' who are judges.' I could not resist the temptation, so I blurted out, 'And yet I don't think you had so many persons in front there as you 'have to-night here.' It was quite well-known— at least, I knew — that he was what is caMed a 'frost' in the North of England. The 'Geordies' would not have him. at any price, and Davis, the lessee of the Theatre Royal New castle, was out of pocket with him. He gave me a look of ineffable scorn, and spoke to me no dnore.' Another actor who was on a par with him, but who really played some parts in an unrivalled ?manner, was Morton Tavares. I do not know what became of him after he deft Brisbane, but he likewise toad an exalted opinion of himself, but did not obtrude it upon everybody, at all times and seasons. Tavares was, not excepting Hos kins, tie best Sir Harcourt Oourtley I have seen in the colonies. He was also good in 'The Two Roses,' and Ms lago was much admired by many finst-class critics. It was singularly dif ferent to many delineations by other well-known actons, even to dress; and none could find fault even with that. Besides, it afforded opportunity for discussion. He was smooth and fawning as lago should be, in his scenes with others- but when alone, his Mephistophelean features assist ang, his (Iago's) diabolical nature was made fully apparent, so that the veriest clown in a theatre who witnessed the tragedy for the first time could read him like a book. So much is due to him as a tribute to his talent He was not so success ful as Hamlet, but his Shylock was not to be despised, his voice aiding him considerably. Hos kins himself had a high opinion of the West In dian and played many interchanges of parts with bum. Tavares in Brisbane left the stage and started a parcel delivery company, which did a very good business. He was the 'company ' and had offices the very next door to an old-established concern of a like nature. His venture proved so successful that the older firm, after a year or eighteen months' opposition, bought him out Another old theatre, on the site of the Tivoli has passed away, originally the old Scandinavian , f* V W+ter| 3X^lJ aCtOrs' lon&=gome, -have strutted and fretted. Not so many years ago a company of stranded actors took the place. It, too had been rechristened the Academy of Music. After the experience of the Guild Hall, this was omi nous, for actors are intensely superstitious; but so it was. There were many well-known names in those last dramatic days of the venerable struc ture, and doubtless many an actor has graduated as an amateur inside its wadls. But in these ff?Tm -A51'?!0/ things r know Personally; L m TTtl0ld a fact I acknowledge my authority *J1Z, ^OWari^Dd Aleck A»*«™. bott sole ^?^£i S* Test' weTe among t^ number con stituting the company; William South, with seve ^L^Z5' an,d & iita^ chap wSw &as; ***** devet oped mto a clever song and dance man, and who ..Y^ll .^ey fere OQ shares: but for them the rar gSuijasr^10 fry' ^ e^ 