NEW PUBLICATIONS . ROLF BOLDREWOOD'S NEW STORY. If East Jjynnt had never been written and had never been dramatised, Rolf Boldrewood'a latest story would have stood a fairer chance of acceptance by novel readers as a romantic and dramatic piece of literary handiwork than it possibly can do now, when another popular writer has anticipated some of tho author's most seueational incidents. It is not only thnt the late Mrs. Henry Wood's clever, but improbable, romance must be. tolerably familiar to some millions of personB on both sides of the Atlantic and in Australasia, but it has been vulgarised —in tho French sense of tho word— by dramatio representations . innumerable. Therefore, wo think tho author of The Sealskin Cloak has com mitted a serious error in judgment inlaying the earlier story under contribution in order to develop his own plot. There is, to begin with, the terrible accident on a foreign line of railway, by which the wife of his hero is supposed to have lost her life, but succeeds in saving it. The high-minded hus band marries again, just as ' he did in East Lynne ; and his first wife likewise comes back to her old home, and takes a situation in it for tho sake of being near her children, and of seeing the man who has unwittingly given his name to another. But, like Enoch Arden, she is' too magnanimous to own who she is, and thus bring calamity and disgrace upon a happy and honorable household. Instead of tho green sneotnolca and grey front with which Airs. Wood's heroine disguises herself, Marguerito Gordon wears a shauo over ono eyo ; and as she has nothing to be remorseful for, like tho' other unfortunate woman, Rolf Boldrewood does not consider it necessary to harrow our feelings by introducing a scene so painful as that in whish tho first Mrs. Carlislo kneels by tho bedside of her dying child in a frenzy of poignant emo tion. In taking this new dopnrturo, and in quitting the ground upon which ho has shown liimsolf to bo so strong, we are inclined to believo tho author of The Sealskin Cloak must have been ! indulging in a course of French novols, and that ho has been seduced from his allegiance to purely Australian subjects. His Robbery Under Anns , his Miner's Right nnd his Squatter's Dream are racy of the soil, but the prcaent story too often smells of tho footlights. .The characters aro conventional, and tho incidents are frequently theatrical. Take, as a case in point, the meeting of Marguerite and her husband at the supposed grave of the former, his mistaking tho living woman for the ghost of his first wife, and then falling down in a dead faint j while she "stoops over his pros trate form, and with loving words and fond caresses on brow and hair, pours forth all tho childlike fondness which women lavish in their hours of tenderness upon tho men they love." This strikes one as extremely theatrical, and an the sort of situation a modern playwright would devise in order to make a ' picture ' before tho fall of the curtain. And so, too, with the Hon. Bertie Stanhope, upon whom the author relies for supplying the comio elements of the story. Surely no human being, outside of a farce, ever talked in this idiotic fashion. "Wecord of our wandewings in tho vqiuuliuuoB," Dtvtvl Mr. Stanhope, ''wildly m- tewenting. Believe it will wival the Voyage of the Sunbeam in circulation." " Did you ever read the Pilgrim1 s Progress, Mr. Stanhope?" demanded Isabel. "Wevelled in it in my infancy." "Then you remember a. character called tho Flatterer— society man of the day, I suppose ?" ""Wevewently wesigned to your webukc," said the Honorable, persistently. "Pwozen twuth, nevertheless, as our Amowican fwiends say." Finally wc must enter a protest against the 220 pages of padding, which suBpona the pro gress of the story from the 18th to the 36th chapters. Wc will express a hope that' in his next book Rolf Boldrewood, who is very fond of French phraaeB, will return d sea premiers amours . The Sealskin Cloak, by Rolf Boldrewood. Lon don : Macmlllan and Co. The Children's Study, England, by Francis E. Cooke; T. Fisbftr Unwin, London. Everybody's Medical Guide, by M.D.a London; 8axnn and Co., London. Casscll's Family Magazine for 1896 ; Cassell and Co., London. Heroes of Every Day Life, by Laura M. Lane; Cassoli and Co., London. Bo-Pcep : Cassell and Co., London. Little Folks ; Cassell and Co., London. 