BIDDY McKEEN'S SMILE. Remember Biddy? Why, yes, I should rather think I do I She was with us when , we were stationed in Liverpool, and bad yon comfortable house in Prince's Read. She was one of the nicest servants I had ever had. Besides being a good cook, she kept everything in apple-pie order, and got on so well with the other domestics. Ah, I she was a perfect treasure I It was an ll day for me when Biddy smiled. Yes, we I took Biddy with us when we were trans ferred from Cork. She never bothered about I sights out or holidays. If aho get out once a week to early mass, from which she was r always home in time to prepare eight i o'clock breakfast, and once to chapel on t Sunday, she was content and happy. Jim had got his leave, and was going north for I a big shoot at Barne'e'e, and I had ar- r ranged to have painters in to do up the t dra.wivgroom during his absence, when I Biddy asked if she could have a week's I holiday to go down to Cork to visit her awn people, and attend her eldest brother's z wedding at Carrlgallne. "Sure, mem, if it was to be after putting I ye about at all it's not for going I would be, 1 but seei!' the master is to be away, and Scan't have a bit o' dacet company to t divert yoursllf, thinks I to meself, ' Sure, I her mind she can but refuse, for sure."' I was only too pleased that thinge fitted In so well, and so Biddy duly departed for Cork, with permission to remain away for a ten days. Therefore imagine my surprise, when, just that day week, Janet, our tall I prim Scotch table-maid, opened the morn. a ing-room doer, and said- t ' Please, mem, here's Biddy I" f I was surprised to observe the ghost of a smile hover around Janet's lips, a most a unusual occurrence, as Janet was not given to mirth. There, sure enough, stood Biddy, be. t decoked in a sky-blue silk gown, a black t velvet mantle, bountifully bespangled with l gee-gaws, and, crowning all, a bonnet gor. I geous to behold, with ribbons the colour of I the rainbow and a perfect garden of roses of divers hues, while above them wiggled a l bird of paradise. For a moment I gazed in astonishment i then I said "Well, Biddy, you are what the Scotch call 'onco braw' ? I hope that you have enjoyed yourself. We did not expect you before Friday. It was good of you to come back as soon as you could !" "Plase, mem, I've not come back." said Biddy, hanging her head on one side, and r looking very red and rather guilty, "Not come back 1" I cried, laughing. "Why, Biddy, it's a self-evident fact that I you have come back I" "Yes, mom," says Biddy meekly; "but I not to atop, if ye plase." 1 "Why, whatever do you mean, Biddy ?" asked I, utterly at a loser. Biddy looked down at the floor, then up 4 at the ceiling, and then down at the floor I once more; twisted a voluminous white 4 muslin pooket-handkerchlef - much be- I starched-into a round ball as if she were I making dumplings, then blurted out the asteounding information " Sore, mem I can't stop wid yen, for I have tuook a man 1" "Took a man I Biddy, do you mean to tell me you have gone and got married Y" "Yes, if you plate, mom." And Biddy looked prepared to dissolve I into tears, "Biddy," said I wrathfully, "I am dis. I appointed in you I To go and deceive me 1 in this way I Why did you not honestly I tell me you were gettLg married ? I could I have been looking out for someone to fill your place." S"Oh, mom ! I never want for to deoave pled nnbkn;w -liketo mesaf" "Nonsese, Biddy I You should be I ashamed of yourself," said I, angrily. " By all the blerseed saints it's the truth I I am after telling ye, meo I Sure, I never seed Terence O'Malley before I left this house last week, as sure as pigs is pigs !'' There was no doubting the girl. She was downright in earnest. "Come, then; sit down and explain mattere, Biddy." "Yes, mem, and thank 0 e kindly." And Biddy mopped her eyes ahd the whole of her good-humoured oountenance, and commenced "Sore, then, I was just after taking me ticket for Cork, and some rough. coarse drover-boay were squeezing me out of their read-bad luck to their ill-manners I-when a well-put-on young man afore me, says he, ' Young woman, here ye are ; -slip in and be after gettin' yer ticket, and I'll keep they cattle-boys off ye 1' Sure, glad was I to do as he bid; and as I gathered up me change I looks over me shoulder. ' Thank ye kindly,' said I wid a smile. Sore, could I do less, I ax ye, mum ?" "No-oh, no." " ' Sure, then,' says he, at me back, ' I like your smile,' says he. 5"So I looks round, and I smiled agin I "' Ye be going to Cork I' said he. F 'Por sure,' says I. " 'So is meself,' says he. "' Indeed ' says I. " 'Yes; then onto Carrigaline,' says he. " 'Indeed!' says L "' To me sister's widdin'. She is gettin' one Mlat McKeen.' \- ' Never I' says I. "' For sure i' says he, " Why, he is me brudder,' says I. " 'Never !' says he. "' Yee,' says I. "' Shake hands!' says he. "'With pleasure,' says I. ' And aure, now, is not that all about it, moem We was married yesterday.'' 