ALL ABOUT BOOTS, was? aOarlyle who wrote so mourn y about clothes. U ] he did not die yonug iE.died too early to serve these conatries as he might, if alive, serve thein now with his vitriolio pen, in wrlingo about boots, It has taken a long time. for this important sutjet to reach its present magnitude and weight. Years ago Wellington reminded Broug bam that his name would go down to posterity associated with a particular sort of .oarriago,:now vulgarly called a :pill-box; whereas his own name would sever- becomo famous by any similar thing. The great lawyer reminded him of his invention in brots. " Abh, the boots,' said Wellington, "I had for. gottep the. boots." It lives in-our memorles~, or ., rather Is busted into theom that Queensland once witnessed a terrihle convulsion in her politicai world over two paire of boots. TToere Swas a storm in the Executive; it broke Over Parliament; a Governor died after it. I ?nd all about boots. These events were, first comedy, then tragedy. But Australia is now being treated to high.olass dramo over Japanese boots, Mr, Lyne, Leader of Her Majesty's Opposition in Macquarie trsret, recently wrst to .japs, and tnot unnaturally brotijhtbh ek a pair of Japanose boots, Did the maker ofthote toots ever for a moment:thiok of their destiny and the ases toe which they would he put ? Im. possible, If he brnew now that Mr, Lyna eihibito those booto in Parliament, that ho holds them up to view at great publiomeetingal if he wero aware that SIt is esteemed a high lbavor to be allowed even to emoll rhono hooto, that one may :'know vhat is the poetiliar flvoer, of the L Lapateoe article, earl it hto believed tht Iai would remain in Japan ? Impossible, He would some to Auntrali. ; he would put himself on view; ho twould say, ", 1 am the m n who maJde those .boetg." The has ,rdo are that he would bring an army of bootmakera with him, for surely never bofoeo were boote ao well adiertiosd, Mr, Lyne is a rapital bageman. Thue other everong, in Sydney, before one of the largest possible audioneoos there, ha brought out thone boots. They stood on theo table booid0 tbo champion of proteootion. Bieo eloquenco ran from him like olava flowing from a little Vosuviusne. His audieno ohorod, they thudereod, they roared. At the right mnoment Mr. Lyne hold up that pair of boo's. " oentlmonw, I bought them in Japan," (Cheers, lusty.) " Goenlmoe,, I bought pl flr half 11* phFia Ibq wp.,d ogst .. .... ............ .... if made here." (Cheers, lastier.) " Gentlemen, what would yru say to a state of things under which you could buy boots at half'the price which you now give for theti?" And well it might be so. What a prospect in boots. But the matter did not end there. That is not the last to be heard of that pair of J?apanee boots. Mr. Reid was at Kiama on the night oih which these hoots were exhibited in Sydney. BIut he had seen'them, and ihey formed a staple part of hie speech also to a very mixed audience .after dinner. His atcount of them was most interesting. He said : " The Leader of the Opposi tion had made a great point of Japanese boots that he brought down. At last they had found those boots He had had an array of cuetoms officere looking for them for months. He assured them he had, and now he found them on the Leader of the Opposition. Mr. Lyne had thought the people of K;ama were poltroons; he had thought them so small that he could frighten them with Japanese boots." Here is a new de velopment; theseboote have been shown at' Kiama, Another Kiama terror; for Kiama was the locality of Prlkea's ghost. What a notorio:ey that plce will have, to be sore. But Mr. Reid was wrong in saying that he had found them on Mr. Lyne. That gentleman does not wear them; they are amongst his exhibitis at' politioal meetings. Such is the,important position now filled by boots in New South Wales; they foterm a staple article of debate and oratory tbetween the heads of the two grEat economio patiesin that country. B!otse mustbe entered at the Federation Con. ention.-" Brisbane 'I1elegraph." 