f' FEWER; OB, fKEAURCSA LAND OF THE SOUTH. BT JAVtE? CEOZIBR, B.A., Author of ' The Dime of Margarets/* etc CHAPTER IX.— (OwriKoiyJ.') ?? .mure are neLween lour ami nve nun dred free woman and some fifty slaves. The free aud the bond liavi kept the same pro portional numbers for time immemorial. The only distinguishing mark of the slaves is tne snore uuc nair, wnicn is always covered with something like a. coif. The slaves are admitted into the chief hall three times each day.' ' I hope,' Smythe said, ' the lovely patrician lady has changed her character since the time of Juvenal. There is half a bull in that, but you will understand what I mean.' ' 'As there are only fifty slaves each of them becomes of considerable value, and therefore is treated well. But let us move. Hillo ! here are some of the short haired domestics.' Three or four women entered the room and saluted the gentlemen. Of necessity Watson was the interpreter. He learned from them that the presence of the strangers was requested at the morning meal, after which was to be held a meeting of all the ladies to discuss important business, ami to this meeting the gentlemen were invited. The meeting was held in an apartment ofl . the refectory furnished in a similarly luxur ious manner as the other chambers of that marvellous edifice. Some of the ladies re clined on couches. These formed an outer circle and were for the most part young. The others had chairs like the curale. chairs of the lloman senators, and on a sort of raised platform Iteyna Lucia was seated having a tiara gem-decked on her haughty head. - She motioned the gentlemen to vacant seats near herself, and then she rose to address the assembly. The tame English translation of her speech gives only a very partial idea of the fervid eloquence and the glowing thought which inspired it. ' Mothers and sisters, — That women have been slaves, aye, slaves most degraded, has been a fact too well known to all here. ? We \- have been shaking our chains in vain. In vain have we appealed to high heaven itself — in vain have we appealed to the higher instincts of man himself. But hitherto neither Heaven nor man has lest an ear to our prayers or entreaties. It was not always so. At one time women were held in honour as the mainstay of the sfcjp of state. You know I have been taught by one who knows all things, and with her I have read the books of the old days when the mother reared the child to be an honour to his country and the delight of his parents. Perhaps women had to some extent them selves to blame for the change. Their sphere of influence and action is definite enough. They have the home to look after ; the man has to fight the stem fight ? with- penurious nature. If the woman steps beyond her legitimate sphere she invites a contest in which she must be worsted. We are ex amples. But the penalty we have paid for the sins of others has been too severe. We have been used as goods and chattels are used and only appreciated for our absolute utility. Our masters claim each year a tri bute of our best. We are not considered in the transaction any more thau are the beasts of the sea and land whose flesh we eat and of whose soft fur we make our raiment. How long have heart atd soul revolted against the tyranny ? How Ion,!! has the anguish of this serfdom found voice in the groans echoed through these walls ? But the first blow has been struck ; the first stroke on our fetters has shattered the charns for ever. Never more shall we endure Lnis treatment; The day of redemption has arrived, or the day of des truction is at hand. You saw how the trireme of Fabius was in a few minutes at the mercy of the wonderful ship which now lies in our harbour. Some of you heard the' fierce threats Fabius uttered — threats of vengeance on us as well as on the strangers, threats of a more strict seclusion and sterner punisment. How are we to meet these threats, mothers and sistors? One and only one way is left us — to trust ourselves to the men who have proved that they can defend women as well as respect them.' The hum of approval spread over the whole assembly, but Watson and,. Murray, ?who followed the oration pretty well, eyed each other with some doubt — Smythe had caught but little of the drift of the discourse It was hardly what they anticipated. To become the champions of oppressed woman hood was all very well in the abstract, but they were very much of the opinion that the women had brought the evils on themselves. Elsewhere they had seen how venomously aggressive wom6n can become with their rights and wrongs, their ' woman suffrage,' their unwarranted interference with manly pursuits and pleasures, and consequently they had some sympathy with the root and branch policy of the Transmarians. But they had gone too far to draw back now. Fabius and his fellows were not the men to forgive interference with. their prescriptive rights. If they retained anything of the old lloman spirit the Englishmen were sure the fight would be a stiff one, end how it might. Watson could not pretend to speak the language — indeed he found some difficulty in speaking Latin, which was to him a book language — and so he conversed with Lucia instead, and assured her that what they could do would be done to protect the in habitants of Feminter. He made strict en quiries as to the number of men in Trans mare, and found that there were about one thousand able-bodied soldiers, besides a hundred slaves, and that they had some thirty triremes, such as the Aurora had already encountered. ? Lucia conveyed the assurance of Watson to the other ladies, and then the assembly hidke up. What surprised our friends above all th£ngs»was that not a single voice was .raised -to defend or excuse the Transmarians. 'And yet the grievances of the women were to=a large extent sentimental. They were well ana carefully looked after. Every luxury was placed at their disposal. One had only to calculate the immense labour that had been expended on the wonderful lava edifice to judge how much care was bestowed on their well-being. But women never will bo political economists or ardent disciples of .the doctrines of Malthus. Sentiment is everything with them, logic nothing. 1 The women crowded round our heros, examining them just as a mob of duchesses and countesses in London or Paris crowd round a visitor from some paradise in the 'Pacific. This attention to modest young men of the nineteenth century — there are a few left — was most oppressive. Anyone who has ever got on his feet to address a large audience can tell the strange effect the sea of eyes before him has on his nerves ; and if those eyes were all large, ebon black, and intensely bright, lighting up features of beauty only varying in degree, the excite ment of the said nerves would not be lessened. 'By Jove,' Smythe said, 'this is an em Oarrassment of riches. Shall we appeal to ia Eeyna to rescue us from mesmeric col lapse ?' 'Ah ! here are some friends of ours,' said Murray, and the two ladies who had been the first to board the Aurora made their way through the crowd and took the gentlemen by the arm to lead them away. The Venus, frfiOBe name was really Claudia, laughed as MEurray and Smythe looked round for Wat ion. Watson was safe enough ; Lucia was by his side. ' We must get on board at once and see Boyd,' said Watson, who had halted near the narrow door. ' I wonder what became »I our dingey men.' 'They are safe enough, you may bet,' laid Smythe. 'They must have had a sursting time of it if they fared anything ike us. They were accompanied to the little pier flB*he three ladies, all enveloped ia the rich . iables which wera evidently regarded as the proper wear in the cold of the open air. The dingey was waiting for them, and in i few minutes they were on board the Aurora, with something of the sensation of returning home after a long absence. Boyd met them as they stepped on the deck and shook hands with the three men as if he had never expected to see them again. ' Upon my honour,' said he 'I neverfelt so uneasy in all my life, or spent a more miserable time of it. Your two men came back after they saw you into that block iffair and they gave such a rum account of all the proceedings that I would have given the Aurora herself to be at your side.' ' At any rate here we are safe and sound,' said Watson. ' We must have a council of war at once, and so we shall adjourn to the cuddy to hold it.' CHAPTER X. Watson gave Boyd a rapid account of their adventures, Avhich excited the sailor's curiosity, to a wonderful degree. ' Women,' said he, 'nothing but women. What' a paradise for Mahomet.' , 'Yes, women, nothing but women ; but everyone of them a queen. By Jove,' said Smythe, 'I should as soon ask Queen Victoria for the Kohinoor as one of them for a kiss.' ' Perhaps you would find them only women after all, ' said Murray. ' You can't sasiiy push nature out with a fork. Ask Watson.' Watson actually blushed . ' You fellows forget,' he said, 'that we nave other things to think about than the jharms of womendom. Listen, Boyd. We may expect in three days at the most a visit from some twenty vessels like that we peppered so vigorously. 1 tell you the meu have never had occasion to cultivate war, ind therefore the science was neglected, but they have made such progress in the natural sciences that I am afraid they have reserve powers which will give us trouble. Just fancy the resources of men who could put together such an edifice as that, who have made the air light-carrying, who have utilised the hidden fires ot the earth to pro mote vegetable and anininl growth, who have made electricity and magnetism agents in the home life for every day purposes. It is marvellous— so marvellous that our boasted scientific knowledge is only the alphabet to it. If they had had to devote their knowledge to war our little Aurora would not have had a ghost of a show in the encounter.' 'Looking at it from that point of view there is something to be considered,' said Boyd. ' If there was nothing to be con sidered but the warlike capability of the trireme I should not trouble my head, but as you state it there is a doubt. Now what I should suggest is that we mount one of the heavy guns on that point. ? We can easily haul it up. It will give us some pro tection if we find ourselves forced to fall back and defend the entrance. The en trance is narrow, thank heaven ! and oui torpedoes will be useful. What a happj thought it was to bring them.' 'We may thank you for the thought,' said Murray, 'Yes.. But I had quite another idea in my head. I thought we might try the effects of one of them on an iceberg. By George ! it would have brought some of those big fellows down with a rare burley. Hurley-burley. ' _ ?' Don't maltreat Shakespeare, you Philis tine,' said Murray. ' Bother Shakespeare just now. Another thing we must do is to keep our dynamos always at work, or at least as often as possible. For this reason I shall up sail to morrow morning for a cruise. I noticed the iun dipped right beneath the horizon yester :lay, so we shall be able soon to make out a decent day and night. I wonder if this sea Dr any part of it is open during the long tvinter. It would never do for us to' be .?aught napping, and a good look-out must 3e kept. I should say some of the women tvould not object to that duty. At any rate ive must be pretty constantly on the move. If we have plenty of room to manoeuvre I ?vouldn't fear a thousand of craft like your ;riremes.' ' Your Gatlings and Maxims are in work ng order, I suppose ?' ' That the vicious beggars are. The men :orward think there is something in the .vind, and they have been overhauling all ;he arms and ammunition. Gad ! they are ike the war horse and sniff the battle from ifar. ' ' Do you think they will stand by us T' 'Like true blue Britons. They are all igog about the shore.. Your dingey men made a highly-spiced report, and the whole irew is in a state of long drawn expectation. ' ' Should we speak to them and let them snow how things stand ? They have a right Co know, for we have got them into this :omer, and, by Jove, they are in the same box as ourselves.' ' ' It might be as well. At any rate a few words can do no harm. IT1 call old Tom, the boatswain, and sound him.' Tom came in shortly after and made his usual salute to the gentlemen at the table. This was not an elaborate affair, as it con sisted of plucking an imaginary forelock with the dexter finger and thumb. . Tom was a character in his way. He was a typical sailor, one of that class we rarely see nowa days. Steam has ruined the old profession. There is no romance in a tea kettle or in an iron pot on the boil.- ? ? 'Well, skipper, growled Tom, for his voice was as the subdued roar of a coming storm, ' what do you want with me?' 'Perhaps, skipper,' said Smythe, point ing to the table, ' Tom would like to splice the main brace before barneying.' ' Eight you are, Mr Smith,' said Tom, as he poured out a jbram from a decanter, 'a nip in weather like this never comes amiss.' 'And in what weather does it, Tom?' Smythe asked with a gleam of fun in hi» eye. ; 'Don't know, sir. Never found it bilge in my life.' 'Listen, Tom,' said Boyd. ' SToni weather eye is open, and you know as well as we do that we are in a corner;' ' As nasty a hole as any one would want. Right you are, skipper.'. ' We want to know from you if ? the men will stick to us if -it comes to downright fightinc — not a scrimmage, but tooth and nail, ding-dong battle.'- ' . Tom turned the quid from one cheek tc the other with the greatest deliberation ii- the world and said — : . ' ' Would cats sup milk ?' '.?;.? He winked gravely at the skipper and made to the door, amid general laughter, ttie captain calling out to him to send the men aft. ?' ? ' ?.: ?.?-?'.?'?-;??: In a few minutes some thirty young fellows in the.perfection of age and strength were mustered on the main deck .with the two mates, Messrs Abel and Welch, at their head. There was a jaunty look about most of them that showed they were perfectly well aware what was the character of the community to which they were such ?near- neighbours. The men were dressed in a uniform very similar to that of the Eoyal Navy in pattern, but of course the material was much warmer and more substantial; The uniform, however, displayed , all the strength and agility of as fine a ship's crew as ever sailed the sea. Boyd spoke to the men in a quiet, conver sational manner. 'Boys,' he said, *'we haven't seen the end of the scrimmage with that craft yet. It seems there are plenty more of the same sort where it came from, and we are in for a gemd rough and tumble fight.' 0;Hurrah,' shouted an enthusiast. 'Hurrah be it,' said Boyd; 'but we may jet some nasty jabs ourselves. Will you ' '- urrab. ' for thorn '!' ' Well, they mayn't be quite bo pleasant, out we hope we can take as well as give. If ^ou want to know it, skipper, we'll tell you it once we'll fight. We have been well ireated on board this craft, and sailor men snow what that means. '? ' There is another thing I want to say,' said Boyd. ' You know what sort of company we have up yonder. What I want you to do is to treat those ladies with respect. You were selected as men of charac ter and respectability, and I want you to retain your reputation to the end. ' ' \- ' You are right there, skipper,' said the spokesman,' a fine strapping young fellow of the 'gumsucker' persuasion, and more than six feet high. ' You are right there, skipper. We'll be on our good behaviour, but of course if there are good things going the foc'sle should have a share as well as the cuddy. ' There was a general laugh at this, in which the ' cuddy ' joined. Watson, however, interposed and said — ' All we want, men, is this : that you act with these women as if they were respectable women in Melbourne or Sydney, protected by British law$. In fact they are and will be protected by British law,* but I should like to see them even more effectively protected by British chivalry.' 'That's the sort, Mr Watson,' cried some of the men.- 'Leave it to us and you will make no mistake.' ' The skipper then asked a minute of theii attention; '?We are so completely isolated that the relations of officers and men are mucl' modified, and so I shall take you into, my confidence as to what 1 mean to do. First of all Mr Abel will take a boat's crew and sound carefully up to the pier. If there is water enough for us to lie alongside our worii will be much easier, for I want to get a gur to that point. The first part of our fighting must be in the open sea, where well have room to turn, but we do not know what may occur, and we must be ready for everj accident. Above ail the entrance must be defended to the last.' Now. boys, you have everything in a nutshell, and just remembei that you are fighting, not only for your own lives, but for the finest uiid loveliest wornec in the whole world. Mr Abel, will you take the boat and try the depth of the watei ahead ?' 'Aye, ayej sir.' And as Mr Abel was, like all the rest ou Hoard, in a state of sujipressed excitement the boat soon shot out from Aurora's quartei Jn her mission. ' ? The water was found to be of enormous depth all over the little harbour. In fact it was evident that the bay was the deep crater of an extinct volcano. The men on board were in the meantime as busy as bees repairing aud shifting and polishing. -The jentlemen aft thunselves examined the u-moury which they had laid iu fortheir own private use, and that important duty was ilmostfinishcd when the 'raiidy 'the men ring when heaving the anchor was heard — . ?' Whiskey for my Johnny.-' The Aurora was warped to the pier ?vithout much trouble. There was a crowd -i women at the pier-head, but they regarded ;he proceedings with calm interest. The gun, .n old-fashioned twclve- pouuder, was swung ip to the pier, and after au hour's hard work it was got into position on the promontory. Everything was done vith a will, and no one could object to the natural vanity of the men, who did their very best before the fair and interesting spectators. The whole proceedings were watched with the greatest curiosity by the women. They knew absolutely nothing of the reason for all the exertion, but they did not interfere or in any way interrupt the work. They simply looked on. ? By-and-by Lucia, Claudia, and Lesbia joined the group of spectators, and the attraction proved too great for our friends, who at once approached. They had not ever considered the reason for the respect paid tc these ladies by their companions, but it was evident and sincere. Watson asked the ladies to go with him tc the one-gun battery, saying he would explain to them what had been done. And sc with many significant grins from the tars and a few smiles from the ladies whe remained, the half-dozen young people paired off in the most natural way imaginable and strolled along by the shores of the unknown sea and over the lava bonlders of forgotten time. Murray, or rather Horace, was right. You can't drive nature out with a fork. The whole thing looked as natural there as it would at a garden party in St. John's Wood or at an 'At Home' in South Yarra oi Toorak. Perhaps we shall hear hereaftej what they talked about. Just now it would' be unfair to interrupt. . .^ CHAPTER XI. ' Would my friends wish to see for them selves ?' Reyna Lucia asked, and she led the way through pleasant groves of myrtle and cedar which, interlacing their twinins branches, did not shade the fertile ground' but formed a luminous tracery against th- lolty background of the roof. 'I he ail pregnant with its own light suffused spaa in all directions, and there were no shade.' cast even by the round boles of the statelj trees. And yet the trees had not the same luxuriance of growth as in their natural soi1 and climate j art could do much, yet no) everything.- They had perhaps acquired other qualities and characteristics in theii new habitat, but they had lost that appear ance of superabundant strength and energj which are attributes of nature unrestrained, and indeed to some extent reminded oui friends of the miniature growth in which the Chinese take such pleasure, dwarfing the giants of the forest into pigmies. _To the Englishmen everything was strang« with an unusual strangeness. They cotuil liave understood the vagaries of Thibetan Lamasary.or the raison d'etre of a ruin in the pathless forest of Central Africa, but here they had no prior experience ou which to base a theory and they could only look on and wonder, both of which they did to their heart's content. '' Here,' said Lupia, halting before a huge archway, 'here is the entrance to the caverns from which, our ancestors dug out the material with which they built Feminter, and there are many strange stories told of these gloomy catacombs. Our ancestors had a. wonderful veneration for old Borne.' 'And do not their fair descendants share oi the veneration ?' Watson asked. ' Even we whose ancestors were painted savages when Rome was the proud mistress of the world, even we have a sort of reflected glory in her glory, and how much more you — ' ? 'Of course we do,' Lucia answered, ' Glory in a race or even in a family is always an incentive to great things, but ? ' 'I .vote,' Smythe interrupted, 'that we explore these old caverns. ' 'It is for that reason,' Lucia answered, tliat.I have brought you here. Indeed,' she added, smiling at Watson with her glorious eyes, 'it was Canide who suggested it to me to bring you hither ; for what reason I do not know, but Canide never acts without a, reason.',. ??.. ; :; ? 'Oh then,' said Watson, 'we must go at puce,' .-?.;'??.'? .*? Stay,' said Lucia ; 'these cataeombs ire different '.from what we have up here. It is all- darkness there— thick darkness— so ihick that it becomes almost palpable. Canide alone knows all their intricacies and windings, but I have been in a little way only a little way indeed— and I think I can guide you. The horror of being lost in those awful realms of blackness is dreadful to pause upon, and yet there is a tradition that when the old state of affairs was broken scores of women were driven down and left to perish.' _ 'I remember being lost for a while in the Koman catacombs,' said Murray, 'and dont want to renew the experience in Keminter, I assure you,' ?jY«°«Ur.n^d ,not fear beinS Iost.' Lucia said. Canide knows everything. And now let each take one of these little lamps. Press ihe little knob firmly when you want more light.' She drewfrom her robe three lamps shaped like those found in Etruscan tombs which the spade of the peasant has unwittingly violated, but ihe jet of flame which rose clear and brilliant from the little spout was supplied by no oil. It rose pure and steady a few inches above the orifice like an emanation from some living spirit confined within the narrow limits of the lamp. These she handed to- Watson, who supplied hiB friends. TO BE CONTINUED. A correspondent suggests that ' mum ' la used as a title for ladies on account of their well-known love of silcaea. 