FUNERAL OF THE REV. JOHN GARLICK. Yesterday the remains of the Rev. John Garlick were interred in the Echuca Ceme- tery. Prior to the starting of the 11.45 a m. train from Bendigo the obsequies were solem- nised in All Saints’ Church. The corpse, which was encased in a handsome silver mounted oak coffin, had been removed to the church and the funeral service commenced at 10 o'clock. As the deceased clergyman was so widely re- spected it was anticipated that the church would be crowded. The precaution had therefore been taken of reserving seats for those who were intimately asso- ciated with him. This precaution was a necessary one. Long before the service began friends and parishioners began to file into the church, and by ten o’clock the build- ing was well filled. The various bodies with which the deceased was connected during life were well represented. The Freemasons formed in procession at the Masonic Hall and marched to the schoolroom in McKenzie street. There they were joined by the readers, Anglican clergy, vestrymen, and the com- mittees of the Art Gallery, Mechanics’ Insti- tute, School of Mines and Science Society. The whole then formed in processional order and marched into the church. The coffin, covered with mourning wreaths, stood in the middle of the choir. Behind it the Anglican clergy, readers and choir boys took their positions. The service opened with the “When Our Heads are Bowed with Woe,” in which the congregation joined with great feeling. The solemn sentences of the burial service were read in an impressive voice by the Rev. E A. Crawford, of Castlemaine, and the lesson was read by the Rev. R. W. Cooke, of Maldon. An appropriate psalm was sung by the choir and then the beautiful hymn, “Jesus Lives no Longer now,” was rendered, A short address was delivered by the Vener- able Archdeacon McCullagh. He stood at the foot of the coffin leaning slightly on it. His voice was broken with emotion, and as he spoke of the intimacy with the deceased he almost completely broke down. His remarks greatly affected the congregation and during the address many a stifled sob was heard in the church. It is my painful and solemn duty this morn- ing to address a few words to you in re- ference to him whose mortal body lies before us, but whose spirit is with the just made perfect. I speak of him as a friend of 28 years; I speak of him as one who, under difficult and painful circumstances, kept on the narrow path of uprightness, faithfulness and duty. Most of you know him as a citizen, some of you know him as a pastor; we all know him as a friend. The praise or blame of men can reach his care no more. There is a solemn message from this coffin to some of you. You have heard his words, the words which spoke to you of hope and faith and charity, and of the bright world beyond. Re- member that day is coming when you shall meet him and when you shall have to give an account of the deeds you have done in the body, of the way in which you received the message he gave you of the Lord Jesus Christ. Had many of you who are here in mourning now been in the church in the past it might have cheered him on. How few there are who recognise the fact that the presence of a member of the congregation cheers the minister who is sent to give God’s message, and how the absence of that member grieves him. He who lies here not only spoke of that which was right, but he walked himself in the narrow way. He has left behind that which will encourage those who like himself in humble faith and deep humility followed in the foot- steps of the Master. To those engaged in the ministry a special warning comes from this sad event, and we, like him, must pass away, and to some of us the time is not long dis- tant. May we be enabled in that solemn hour when we stand before the judgment seat to give as faithful an account as he and may we, like him, be welcomed to that bright dwel- ling place where pain or sorrow, weariness or sickness never enter. May you meet him in that home and may you rejoice with him on high. To all of you dear friends he leaves the message, “Labor while you can; the night is coming when no one can work.” With those who are left behind, we deeply sympathise. He has passed from amongst us, but his memory remains in our hearts to cheer us and encourage us to that which is right, and warn us against that which is wrong. I regret that at the call of duty I was absent from his dying bed. His last message to me was of hope and faith. He said, “I may not see you here again, but I will meet you bye and bye. I would be glad to meet you on your return but if that cannot be, good bye. I will meet you in the home above.” That was his last good bye here, but when we meet again there shall be no fare- well words spoken. We shall meet where the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest, where God Himself shall wipe the tear from every eye. I knew him longer than anyone here I suppose. My testimony of him, and I shall have to give an account of it in the hereafter, is that he was a good man, full of faith, and of the Holy Ghost. My hope is that I may die the death of the righteous and that my last end may be like his. After the address and the singing of the hymn, “Oh, God our Help in Ages Past,” Mr. A J. Pearce, the organist of All Saints’, played the “Dead March” on the organ. The congregation then dispersed, and the coffin was borne to the hoarse in waiting outside the church The procession was re-formed,and a start was made for the station. The clergy, choirboys and readers led the procession. The Anglican clergymen present were:- The Ven. Archdeacon McCullagh, the Revs. W. C. Sadlier, A. P. McFarlane, N. Jones, E. H. Scott, E. A. Crawford, R. W. Cooke, C. M. Brewer (Eaglehawk), H. Finter and C. H. Zercho (Mitiamo). The clergymen of other denominations were the Revs. A. S. C. James (Presbyterian), P. Neale, Osborne, Nicholson and Ditterich (Wesleyan), and F. Ley- poldt (Lutheran). The Most Rev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, was represented in the procession by Father Barry. The readers present were Messrs. W. H. Beer, G. H. Smith. H. F. Goss, C. C. Godden, F. Grist and A. E. Young. After the clergy came the vestries of the various Anglican churches in the city and suburbs. The mem- bers of the All Saints’ vestry present were Messrs. J. T. Hill, G. D. Watson, W. C. Sutton, E. Hands, J. Craig, Whiteside and Dr. Sturdee. St Paul's vestry were repre- sented by Messrs. J. W. Faul, A Bush, Carwardine, W. S. Jackson, J. R. Hoskins, Powell, J. Ikin and Harwood. The vestries of St. Mary’s, St. Luke’s, St. Peter’s and St. Matthew’s Churches were also represented. The Golden and Corinthian, Zenith and Eaglehawk Lodges of Freemasons turned out in full regalia. The officers present were:- The Most Worshipful Master of the Golden and Corinthian Lodge, Bro. G. S. Bisset, the W.M. of the Zenith Lodge, Bro. W. D. C. Donovan; the W.M. of the Eaglehawk Lodge, Bro. Jeffrey, and the following grand lodge officers: - Bros. T. H. Henderson, P.D.G.M.; Hincheliff, P.D.G.M.; W. C. Vahland, P.G.J.W.; J. Robshaw P.G.J.W.; Sauer- broy, P.G.J.W.; R .Williams, P J.G D; G. H. Hobson, P.J.G.D.; J. Lay, P.G. Superin- tendent of Works; F. C. Brown, G.S.; and W. Wilson, G.S. The officers and brethren of the three lodges to the number of 63 at- tended, and the chaplains, Archdeacon McCullagh, P.G. Chaplain; the Rev. A. S. C. James (Golden and Corinthian); the Rev. W. C. Sadlier (Zenith); and the Rev. R. Lawers (Eaglehawk Lodge). The procession was arranged by Bro H. M. Marks, Master of Ceremonies (Golden and Corinthian), and Bro. G. H. Hobson, Master of Ceremonies (Zenith Lodge). After the Masons came the committees of the Art Gallery, Mechanics’ In- stitute and School of Mines. The following members of those committees were present:- Messrs. J Cohn, J. H. Abbott, A. Mackay, G. G. P. Claridge, W. Davis, R. H. S. Abbott, Dr. Penfold, Dr. Quick, Messrs. A. Bayne, T. Scott, J. E. Buchan, J. H. Curnow, Anderson, J. B. Young, and E. Sanger, (Mr. C. Cohen, president of the School of Mines, was unable to be present, as he was engaged in Echuca and Mr. G. A. Thomson, M.A., the registrar, was in Melbourne). The chief mourners were the deceased's son, Mr. Roy Garlick, and his three step-sons, the Messrs. Gummow. The route of the pro- cession was up Forest street into Rowan street, and down Mitchell street to the railway station. As it moved from All Saints’ the church bell was tolled, as also was St. Paul’s bell as, it passed. The street was thickly lined with sympathising crowds, and the shutters were closed of shops and other business places along the route. On arrival at the station the coffin was taken from the hearse and placed on the platform. The Masonic burial service was read, after which the brethren marched round the coffin singing the funeral hymn of the order, whilst each brother dropped on it an emblematic sprig of acacia. The coffin was then placed in the train. Archdeacon McCullagh, and the Revs. W. G. Sadlier, A. P. McFarlane, N. Jones, Brewer, E. H. Scott, White and C. H. Zercho and Messrs. J. W. Faul, G. D. Watson, E. Hands, Whiteside and Craig went to Echuca to attend the interment, and the Rev. Mr. Ghent joined the mourners at Rochester. The mortuary arrangements were satisfac- torily carried out by Mr. T. Sayer. The interment took place in the Echuca Cemetery. There was a long procession of vehicles from the railway station, and it was remarked with pleasure by the visitors from Bendigo that several Chinese in a buggy joined in the cortege - evidently old friends of Mr. Garlick’s when he was incumbent at Echuca. Archdeacon McCullagh conducted the final rites, assisted by the Revs. Mr, Kelly (Echuca), E. H. Scott and McFarlane. 