II MUTE FOE GOODWOOD. “Ah!” This ejaculation is capable of expres sing tile whole gamut of the emotions from the abyss of despair to the pin nacle of ecstasy, and it was from some where near, if not from the actual, sum mit of the latter deliciously giddy height that Mrs Cranston uttered the significant monosyllable. | Alone in the corner of her railway car riage, arrayed in Sorciere’s latest and most chic creation, little Mrs Cranston revelled in the anticipation of a week of unalloyed delights and the proud con sciousness of crowned endeavor. It would have been difficult, as well as unkind, to seek to fix any number of | summers upon the charming little colo nial widow. She herself was too astute to aid chronology by stray reminiscences, and the curious had given up endeavor ing to cull from her conversation stray facts on which a computation might be based. A couple of seasons ago Mrs Cranston had appeared on the London horizon. Her credentials were unmistakable, if not precisely patrician, and her banking account and credit were beyond suspi cion. She was herself pretty, in an ir regular, carefully cultivated, unconven tional kind of fashion, and she had achieved a certain amount of success in London soeiety.That is to say, she was a persona grata among the portion of that society domiciled just a shade above the “Fringe,” that she w as asked to the big crushes of a higher grade still, and al most ignored by the set which to her held possession of the seventh heaven of earthly bliss—the set that is yclept By dint of strenuous endeavor, how ever, she had got in the thin edge of the wedge at Ascot, improved the occasion at Henley, and finally worked up to the summit. of-her -cLmbitiou in-srettinff.am. Invitation to spend the Goodwood week with the Mettleships. To belong to the Mettleship house party for the Goodwood week was to re ceive the diploma of smartness, after which the soul of airs Cranston han kered. For the Mettleships had a repu tation; they never invited any one who was not in some way a celebrity. True, they were not exactly as particular as their great-grandmothers might have been as to the nature of that celebrity; j but, however—for instance, on this occa sion the Vicomte de Batignolles was to be their guest, and Mrs Cranston smiled as she rellected on the fact. The Vicomte was one of those men who find it impossible to cease the sow ing of their wild oats. They blossom out again and again in goodly crops when the season of their sowing is long past, and this volatile gentleman had a few months before been the hero of a scan dal in his ow-n country which had given the leader-writers of certain papers in ours a golden opportunity of contrasting the conditions of morality existing in France with those enjoyed in England; and the detailed accounts of the case, while forming an excellent peg on which to hang a "We thank Heaven we are not as other nations are,” were at the same time as entertaining to read as those yellow-backed novels with alarming titles and graphic frontispieces which abound on foreign bookstalls. The Vicomte, however, was great on the Turf, and was, moreover, an old ac quaintance of the Mettleships, who saw no reason why the yearly custom should be departed from. Mrs Cranston’s mind was much exercised as to the foreign Lotharia. She had never met him; she knew only that he was no longer young, that report credited him with dyed hair and an imperfect knowledge of English idiom; nevertheless, despite this meagre starting-point, Mrs Cranston had made up her mind to a flirtation with her fel low-guest. It was just the sort of thing to give her a firmer footing in this inner circle of smartness. She was revolving all these things in her artistically dressed head while the last hurrying passengers panted and shuffled along the platform. She was evi dently to have , her carriage to herself, a fact rather grateful to consider on such a day as this, with the thermometer at eighty-five degrees. Just, however, as the guard reached the door.already hold ing it wide to' give possibilities for a more emphatic bang, a gentleman bustled up. “Going by this train, sir? Get in then —here. We’re just going-” “But-” The rest of the sentence of inquiry and protest was lost in an astonished “Sap risti ” as the harmless passenger wasi shot pell-mell into the carriage, barely shaving Mrs Cranston’s dainty brown shoes in his enforced entrance. “Quels sauvages quand meme!” he ex claimed. as he gathered himself together as best he could with the sudden lurch of the out-going train. “A thousand pardons, mademoiselle !” he said, quickly turning in Mrs Crans ton’s directions as soon as he had shaken himself into the opposite corner seat. “Oh, it’s nothing! It was the guard’s fault, not yours,” replied his companion graciously. "Besides, you really did not hurt me at all.” Mrs Cranston smiled as she opened her paper, over the leaves of which it was possible to take stock of her fellow-tra veller—a small dark man. with a care fully trimmed moustache, many puck ers round his quick, black eyes, and a somewhat sallow complexion. With the first-muttered French words a conjec ture had sprung into Mrs Cranston’s mind, which gathered force as her eyes glanced downwards over the cravat (which had not the recognised Bond street twist), on the watch-chain some what lavishly displayed, and, lower still, on the diminutive, highly-polished boots. This was the celebrated Vicomte de Ba tignollos, the hero of the Palais de Jus tice. Scarcely the physique to captivate an Englishwoman's heart, thought Mrs Cranston, but possessing doubtless a charm of manner more than compensat ing for mere external appearances. Raising her eyes, she suddenly en countered the beady, black ones of her vis- a-vis fixed upon her; she smiled a little, and the inevitable remark about the window came to the rescue and open ed the fire. "Mademoiselle was travelling also to Chichester? He hoped that he was not incommoding her with his presence." “Oh, not at all!” “Franchement, however, the intrusion was not his fault; that savage of a guard had given him no choice.” “Really, monsieur, do not be uneasy about it, I do not mind in the least. In deed, a companion is always acceptable; it is so lonely travelling alone.” “Parfaitement, was mademoiselle per haps going to stay for the races?" “Exactly. That is what I am going down for. I am quite excited about it ; [ I’ve never been at Goodwood before." | “No?” The beady eyes opened in am azement. “I should not like to say how many times I have been”—he added, with a shrug, “ a wise man does not ! count those things.” Mrs Cranston laughed. “Oh! I am not at all blase about anything, monsieur. I am looking forward with great delight to the time. I am going to stay with Lady Mettleship.” “Tiens!” and it seemed to Mrs Crans ton that there was a certain added inte rest in the very deferential glance that he bestowed upon her perfectly gowned person. ’ “Mademoiselle will have plenty of gaiety at Lady Mettleship: they are quite—how do you say?—in the mouve Tes, it was very flattering to be mis taken for "mademoiselle,” but at the same time Mrs Cranston was desirous of letting him understand that she did not belong to that inexperienced section of her sex whom Frenchmen are especially supposed to shun—les demoiselles a ma rier. It suggested itself to her to enlight en him, by the expedient of withdrawing her glove; an operation which she set herself ostentatiously to perform, the conversation meantime continuing in the necessary groove of banalities—the Vis comte de Batignelles deferential, “cor- | rect” in the extreme; Mrs Cranston in a decidedly "coming on” disposition. “I trust madame will pardon me my indiscretion," remarked the Frenchman, after a moment, “but her appearance misled me, and in this country les de moiselles voyagent seules.” Mrs Cranston laughed. “You are pardoned, monsieur; and for your penance I shall ask you to help my maid with the luggage—she can’t wrestle with English porters very suc cessfully-” “I am entirely at your service, ma dame. But no doubt there are other guests going to Lady Mettleship who have come by this train. Madame will immediately find herself in pays de con naissance?” “Possibly. You are not by any chance going to TVood Lodge too-" • Her companion shook his head with a, significant smile. “No, madame; Lady Mettleship Is not of my world.” Mrs Cranston uttered an exclamation of amazement. "But I thought-” “No, I am going to the Due d’Omnium; for years I always go to the Due.” “Yet, surely, Lady Mettleship told me The Frenchman laughed softly. “Ah yes, last year Monsieur le Due lent me to miladi—a great favor. I went—but bon Dieu, what a house, quel bouchon!” Til®-. ccornful.^xproRsW1” "of Its contempt was lost on Mrs Crans tion, but a frank disappointment was dis cernible in face and voice as she said; “I am very sorry; every one will be dis appointed.” A shrug from her companion. “Oh, as for that, the English know nothing of those things; they do not appreciate our art.” “Art?” the question escaped Mrs Cranston in unalloyed bewilderment. “Dame! oui with us.it is art, madame.” “I—I don’t understand, what is?” “But, the cuisine-” “Cooking? What have you to do with that?” ' “I!" the little man became an ani mated point of exclamation. “Madame, I am Isidore Marmiton, patissier and con confiseur, at your service.” “You—you—then why—how'—are you going to Goodwood?” “Because the Due d’Omnium is one of my clients. Because Goodwood would not be Goodwood, madame, without Isi dore Marmiton.” Dignified bearing, profound bow, vi brating tones, ail were lost upon Mrs Cranston. Luckily, while the latter were still echoing in the air, the train pulled up, and somehow, faint with mortifica tion, she found herself seated in the car riage Lady Mettleship had sent for her. while in her ears still rang the little man's dream-shattering w'ords—“Isidore Marmiton, patissier and confiseur, at your service”—and the ghost of that dapper little man, with the diminutive feet and the aggressive watch-chain, haunted her with the awful fear of dis comfiture and ridicule all through the Goodwood week.—“The World.” 