FISHER'S GHOST. The Foundation of the Legend. (CONTINUED.) We reprint here from an ancient num- ber of the " Sydney Gazette," which a friend has procured for us, the true facts on which the legend of the notorious Fisher's ghost was founded :— SUPREME.COURT CRIMINAL. (Before the Chief Justice). FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1827. Saml. Hopkins deposed that he resided in the same house with the prisoner and the deceased in May and June. The last time he saw the deceased was on the evening of June 17. He left the house in the evening and did not return. The prisoner after- wards took possession of his property. Cross- examined : Witness could not say whether the prisoner was in the house when the de- ceased went out. A man named Laurance and four others went out shortly after the deceased. Witness did not see the prisoner in company with the deceased that night at all. Laurance and the others were about an hour and a half away. Could not say whether they all returned or not. Laurance remarked when he came back that it was strange the deceased had not come back. By the Court : Prisoner made no inquiries on the mornig after, nor did he exert him- self in any way to have an inquiry set on foot after him. Nathaniel Cole stated that he resided in th same house with the deceased and pri- soner in the previous June. Witness re- membered the evening the deceased dis- appeared. They all supped together on that night. The prisoner was there. The de- ceased gave a man named Laurance, one of the laborers employed on his building, a pierced dollar previous to his going out. Laurance and four others went to a public- house in the neighborhood and remained away some time. When Lauranoe and the others came back, Laurance said he won- dered where the deceased was, that he wanted to got some more money from him. On the following morning they were all wondering where the deceased had gone to, and there was some talk of a gig having been seen coming near the house in the night time, and that the deceased went away in it. It was not reported that he had left the colony for some six or seven days afterwards. Cross- examined : Witness was sure that the de- ceased left the house before Laurance and the others. Robert Burke, chief constable, Campbell- town, deposed that he apprehended the prisoner. Witness knew the deceased, and believed he was a man possessed of consider- able property. When the prisoner was apprehended a mare and colt belonging to the deceased were found in his paddock. The colt appeared to have been lately branded with his mark. It appearod formerly to have borne the deceased's brand. The prisoner said he had bought the whole of the horses, and had a receipt. Witness searched the house and found some papers belonging to the deceased, but no receipt. He afterwards gave a paper, which he knew was not in the handwriting of the deceased, to witness in the watchhouse in Sydney. The prisoner always said the deceased had left the colony. George Looland, constable, stationed at Campbelltown, stated that by order of the bench of magistrates he commenced search for the body of deceased on Octobor29. Witness went to a place where some blood was said to have been discovered, and saw traces of it on several rails on a fence in the corner of deceased's paddock, adjoining the fence of Mr. Bradbury, and about 50 rods from the prisoner's house. Witness proceeded to search with an iron rod over the ground, when two black natives came up and joined in the search till they came to a creek, where one of them saw something on the water. A man named Gilbert, a black native, went to the water and skimmed some of the top with a leaf, which he afterwards tasted, and then cried out it was the fat of a white man. They then proceeded to another creek about 40 or 50 yards further up, still led by the natives, when one of them struck the rod into some marshy ground and called out there was something there. A spade was procured and the place dug, when the first thing which presented itself as the left hand of a man lying on his side which witness from a long acquaintance with him, imme- diately declared to be the hand of Frederick Fisher. The body was decayed a little, par- ticularly the under jaw. Witness imme- diately informed Mr. Wm. Howe and the Rev. Mr. Reddall, and obtained a warrant to apprehend the parties who were sup- posed to be concerned in the murder. The coroner was sent for, and the body being taken out of the earth next morning several fractures were found on the head. An inquest was held, and a verdict of wilful murder aginst some person or persins un- known was returned. Witness particularly examined the fence where the blood was found. There appeared to have been a fire made under the lower rail as if to burn out the mark. The blood seemed as if it was sprinkled over the rails. Dr. Patrick Hill examined the body. It was so much decom- posed that the injury done to the bones only could be ascertained. The head was exten- sively fractured and the features could not 'be recognised. Cross-examined : He could not say with what instrument the fracture was given. The body was not decomposed so much as witness would have expected from the length of time it had been there, owing to the place being swampy and the creek near is strongly impregnated with alum. Thomas Lethbridge Robinson was one of the persons who sat on the inquest on the body of the deceased. He could swear positively it was the body of Frederick Fisher. Rev. Thos. Reddall, a magistrate, was present at the examination of the prisoner. He made a declaration, which was taken in writing. Mr. Roe, for the prisoner, cross-examined the witnesses at considerable length as to whether any promises or threats were held out to the prisoner to induce him to make any confession, the declaration of the pris- oner being put in and read. It statated that on the evening of June 17 a man named Laurance got some money from the deceased, and together with four others went to a neighboring public-house to drink. After some time they returned. The prisoner then being outside the house, and not seen by the others, saw two of them enter, whilst the other two, one of whom was Laurance, remained at the door. The prisoner then went down to the bottom of the yard, and after a little time heard a scuffle, and saw Laurance and the others drag something along the yard, which they struck several times. The prisoner then came forward and called out to know what it was. One of them replied, " It is a dog." The prisoner coming up said " It is Fisher, and you have prevented him from crying out any more." They said that they had murdered him in order to possess themselves of what money he had, and bound the prisoner by a solemn pledge not to reveal it. For the prisonr Nathaniel Boon deposed that he knew the deceased and had dealings with him. Witness intended to institute a prosecution against him for forgery about the time he disappeared. Cross- examined : It was the prisoner who informed witness that the deceased had run away from a fear of being prosecuted. The Chief Justice summed up the evidence, and observod it was a case entirely of cir- cumstantial evidence. The jury were first to consider whether they were satisfied that the testimony brought forward sufficiently established the identity of the body which was found with\that of Frederick Fisher. If they were not, then it was unnecessary to proceed one step further. If, on the con- trary, they were satisfied of that fact—and his Honor proceeded to read the evidence by which it was supported — they would then go on to the other parts of the testimony affecting the prisoner, which, as he had already stated, though entirely circumstan- tial, wns in its character of a particularly strong nature. His Honor recapitulated the circumstance of the case, and concluded by observing that when a train of circum- stances, all meeting at one point, were brought together, it was almost impossible to have any stronger evidence, more particu- larly in cases like the one before the Court, where the crime was usually perpetrated in such a way as to preclude the probability of obtaining direct proof. He left the case without offering any opinion entirely for the consideration of the jury. The jury returned a verdict of guilty, and sentence of death was then passed on the prisoner. WORRALL'S EXECUTION. A subsequent number of the " Gazette" contained the following: George Worrall, who was convicted on Friday last of the murder of Frederick Fisher, yesterday suf- fered the dreadful sentence of the law. Till about 5 o'clock on the morning of his exe- cution he persisted in asserting his inno- cence, when he was at length induced to ac- knowledge to a gentleman who had sat up with him during the night that he alone had perpetrated the murder, but positively af- firmed that it was not his intention at the time to do so. He stated that on the un- happy day when Fisher met his fate they were going together with a bottle to get some rum, and in passing the paddock dis- covered there was a horse there. Worrall said he jumped over the fence on the one side and Fisher on the other leaving the bottle outside. That then he (Worrall) seized part of the paling, and made a blow which he intended for the horse, and that he did not know of the deed he had committed till his return from the pursuit when he saw Fisher lying weltering in his blood. He added that on seeing this dreadful spectacle he be- came confused, and was afraid if he made any disclosures he should be accused of the murder. This induced him to hide the body among some reeds. But his anxiety increased till he had deposited the body where it was eventually found. He also acknowledged that it was his full intention to hang the two men who were apprehended in order to save himself, but now he acquitted them or any other of having any participation in the crime. We (" Sydney Gazette") believe he acknowledged the justice of his sentence to the rev. gentleman who assisted him in his devotions. His behaviour on the scaffold was manly and becoming, and he seemed absorbed in the contemplation of an awful eternity. The rev. gentleman at length took his leave. The executioner adjusted the cap, and in a few moments the drop fell, and the world closed upon this murderer for ever. 