The Annual Synod. The annual synod of the Diocese of Port Augusta, was arranged to be held at Petersburg, in St. Anacletus' Church, on Wednesday the 21st inst., but owing to the death of the late Rev. P. Cleary, at Quorn, on the 18th inst., the synod did not meet till the 22nd, a day later than originally fixed. On the latter date therefore, a large congregation filled the church to join in the preliminary prayers and psalms, and assist at the Holy Mass. The Bishop, the Right Rev. James Maher, D.D., and the clergy to the number of twelve, had met on the afternoon of Wednesday, for a con ference at the local presbytery. During the early morning of Thursday, several Masses were celebrated in the church, and at 9.30 a.m., the bishop and priests again assembled, and marched in solemn procession to the church, chanting the Veni Creator with various prayers and psalms. These over, the Mass was sung by the Very Rev. J. H. Norton, the Vicar General. In the language of the church it was a solemn Missa Cantata, and the par ticular Mass was that of the Holy Ghost. Besides the bishop and vicar-general, the names of the clergy are as follows viz.:— The Very Rev. W. O'Dowling, S.J. (Koo ringa), the Revs. S. Karlinger, S.J., and F. J. Carroll, S.J. (Jamestown), A. Parsch, S.J. (Georgetown), T. O'Connor, and W. Dunphy (Port Pirie), R. Doyle (Carrieton) W. Doyle (Port Augusta), E. A. Mulcahy and P. J. Carroll (Pekina), and M. Ward (Petersburg). The choir sang the various portions of the service in a very devotional and solemn manner, under Mr. A. Malycha's baton, with Miss Hilda Brady as organist, and a full complement of singers. After the Mass numerous other psalms and prayers, together with the litany of the saints were chanted, after which the laity withdrew and the business of synod began. The usual synodal routine, together with the transaction of other matters of importance in the diocese, brought the meeting to a close about 12.30 p.m. Most of the clergy returned to their respective districts dur ing the afternoon of the 22nd inst., and all, both bishop and clergy, were entertained during their stay by the Very Rev. Father Norton, V.G. 