f HEWS OF THE DAY. j All Nations Pair. — On Wednesday evening the .All Nations Fair, which had been looked forward to with considerable interest by all classes of the community, was opened in the Town Hall and proved to be one of the greatest successes in connec tion with such gatherings held in this city. We have had bazaars and a com bination of amusements promoted and car ried ont to raise funds for various objects in Armidale, bnt the palm for originality and the gigantic proportions of an under taking in affairs of the kind must certainly be given to the Bev. Mr. Lucas, of Hill grove, who not only planned the All Na tions Fair, bnt gave mnch practical help in carrying it out by preparing the shops, &c.;, representing the different nations and the numerous details that made such an unqualified success of the affairyThe hall since the previous Monday hadLbeen be sieged by a band of busy workers, and by Wednesday the interior of the building was transformed into quite a continental scene, w*th houses and shops representing the several countries, side by side, around the walls. In the centre of the room was a prettily arranged octagonal shaped fairy bower, snrrounded by a garden, in which flowering and foliage plants and ferns were naturally arranged, the bower being occupied by a bevy of fairies with qnite a stock of dolls of all sizes and the many little nic-nacs that delight the rising gene ration. The shops were presided over by attendants dressed to represent the re spective countries, the scene being indeed novel and attractive. The French shop was devoted to the sale of refreshments, where all kinds of delicacies were dispensed, the Welsh shop was for the sale of flowers, the Chinese for vegetables, preserved fruit, &c.;, and the others were stocked with toys, fancy goods, and useful articles of clothing, principally for ladies' and children's wear. The shops were under the control of the following, respectively: France—Mesdames Pitkin, Godfrey, and Batcliffe, and Misses Barnes, Gentle, Frost, and Lonsdale. Switzerland—Mrs. Sharp, Misses E. Dean, and A. Fuller. China—Mrs. Scribner and Mr. and Mrs. James Dewhurat. Norway—Mrs. Boyer and Misses Dean and M'Arthur. Japan— Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller and T. Dewhurst. Italy—Mrs. E. Lonsdale and Misses M. Evans and N. Grossman. Wales—Mrs. Nixon and Miss F. Burgess. Spain— Mesdames P. Dean and Buckingham, and Miss F. Ashton. Scotland—Mesdames W. Brown, E. Ison, and T. Lambert. Ice land—Misses G. Page and Pnrkiss, and Mr. Godfrey. The hall was decorated with flags and greenery, and the many sights and shows afforded visitors a constant ronnd of attractions. At about 8 o'clock the opening ceremony took place, and com menced with the procession of nations, when the whole of those in character, numbering abont SO, including a host of fairies led by the Fairy Queen (Effie Lam bert), paraded aronnd the room to the music of the Armidale Band. The pro cessionists halted in front of the stage, when Aid. C. G. Wilson, ex-Mayor, for mally declared the fair open. In a short and appropriate speech he referred to the 1 objects of the fair, viz., to raise funds for | the Annidale Wesley&n; Circuit.and said j that some men had a happy knack of I getting into debt and difficulty, while j others possessed an equally happy knackof getting ont of debt and difficulty. He thoaght the Wesleyan Church at Annidale was very lncky in having men like the He vs. Boyer and Loess to organise an en- ■; tertainment like the present one, -of. which ■' he might say without hesitation and fear ] of contradiction that nothing like it had been seen in Axmidale. He alluded to the large number of other denominations pre- j sent to assist in the work, and declared the fair open. Votes of thanks were moved to j the stallholders, workers, donors, &c.;, by | the Hers. Boyer and Lucas and Messrs. E. Lonsdale, M.P., and P. Dean, and the business commenced. Among the amuse ments provided for visitors were the fol- | lowing: Pepper's ghost, pnnch and jndy, museum, delphic oracle, penny in the slot, camera obscnra, and scientific laboratory, of which more anon. The fair will remain open until to-morrow night, i and is well j worthy a visit of inspection from those in search of a genuine evening's amusement or desirous of picking up the bargains offered by the representatives of the Euro pean and Asiastic countries there. Boous Newspaper Circulations.—I; (writes a correspondent in the Grafton A eg us) bad an interview with one of our local newsvendors the other day, and our conversation drifted on . to that branch of his business from seeing huge piles of Syd- j ney daily and .weekly newspapers tanged on shelves. I complimented him on his apparently large business in that line, in nocently judging by the stock in hand; but my friend gave me a compassionate look I will not readily forget. " These are j all last month's unsolds/* he said, " ready | for return or for sale as waste paper as di- | rected. The proprietors will persist in forwarding 80 to 100 per cent, beyond re quirement. As a matter of fact the sale of j papers has decreased very greatly during the last twelve months, and the profits do j not cover the cost of necessary correspon dence," etc., etc. I Stock in the Colony.—A progress re port has been prepared by the Stock De partment, partly from actual returns and j partly from the inspectors' estimates, of ! the.stock.heid in > the colony for the year | ended oil December 31 last. The returns show 469,259 horses, 1,944,422, cattle and 46,764,217 sheep. The estimated total of j stock not yetretnrned is 11,167 horses,. 43,184 cattle, and 669415 sheep. This gives a grand total returned and estimated on.January 1 .of 480,426 horses, 1,987,606 cattle, and 47,433,332 sheep. The figures for January 1, 1895, were 600,068 horses, 2,290,112 cattle, and 66,977,270 sheep. On this calculation there is .a decrease for last 1 year as compared with the year previous of j 19,642 horses, 302,506 cattle, and 9,543,938 The Queen's Health.—At one of the ! picnic parties in the National Park on i Monday was a lady who had been for some years in the Queen's service at Balmoral (writes our Sutherland correspondent). Amongst other things she said: " Daring last summer her Majesty showed many ! signs of advancing age. When taking a ' drive round some of the romantic spots j near the castle the Qneen does not exhibit her wonted interest in the beauties of nature, but seems to tire; and sometimes falls asleep. After getting home one day she remarked" The loving ties that bind me to this life seem to weaken, and those which connect me with the dear ones who have gone before grow stronger. When I have reigned longer than any other in England I somehow feel it will not be long before my spirit will join'his, and that the happiness we enjoyed here will commence anew, and continue in the service and praise of the Great Eternal.'" A Message prom the Sea.—\ com munication from a lost vessel, remarkable on account of the great time it has been drifting about (says the Weekly Dib patch, London, of Jan. 5), was picked up on the 9th ult. by Mr. John M'Pherson off Cape Elizabeth, Maine. It was a bottle, and contained a piece of paper, on which was written the following message:— "January 2, 1869. We are in a gale of wind and snowstorm. We are sinking. Our vessel is the scooner Harriet, bound to North Sydney from Portland. Consigned to John Moore. (Signed) Captain William Lewis." The Harriet, it appears, sailed on New Year's Day, 1869, and was never after wards heard of, being, of course, indue time given np as lost, with all on board. She was loaded with flour, and a brother of Mr. Moore, the consignee, was one of her crew of five hands. Mr. Moore was then a leading merchant in North Sydney. The Dean Case Beytved.-—Mr. Barton, Q.C., acting for Mr. B. D. Meagher, ap plied to the Full Court on Tnesday to grant two days next week to the hearing of the appeal case of the Qneen against Meagher, set down for argument next Fri day. The Chief Justice said this could not be done, as the. Equity appeals would come on next week. Mr. Barton explained that it would be impossible to argue the case next Friday, as the arguments would cover two days, and in the meantime a vast amount of searching work had to be done. His Honor eventually instructed the clerk of the court not to enter the case on the list for Friday next. It was arranged that the appeal should come on for hearing on the 28th instant, and the' arguments could be continued on the following Monday. " He isa Cypher."—The Colonial Secre tary is not' an ontor. Neither is he a statesman. He iB not even a well-informed politician. Hi 8 stock-in-trade as a member of Parliament consists of respectability. As he told Rn audience at Maitland several years ago, he was suckled on the Decalogue, and, unlike many other men, he W we have been asked to believe, stuck to diet all through his life. Anyone who ob serves the Ten Commandments in the spirit must necessarily become a good citizen, but it does not follow that he will also be come a capable politician. We have al ways admired Mr. Brunker as a man, but our opinion ever has been that as a politician he is a cypher.—Wednesday's Australian Slab. All who have travelled by the Mes sageries Maritimes (French Mail) boats are loud in their praises of the comfort, civility, and. excellent cuisine met with. See list of sailings in these columns, and write for particulars to Corn- i pany's office. Queen's Corner, Pitt- street, i Sydney. I " Her Excsuxency."—Our (Tdowoomfe Chronicle) tenders will be ablt^n future - to know how to address Lady Lftmington when the Governor arrives. A coirespon dent writes to the Hbbart Mercury " I send yon with this a copy of tbe iondan Tikes, in which yon will find, in ewtcouut of some vice-regal doings in Dublin, the wife of the Lord Lieutenant is styled ' Her Excellency.* I must confess that I am sur prised at this. Now it follows,, for I pre sume the Tikes is right, that the wives of all Governors carry their husband's official designation, and should be styled 'flier" Excellency/ Hie proper official designa tion of Lady Gormanston should, ■ there fore, be 'Her Excellency Lady Gorman ston."' The Inverki.Ii District.—Staff-colour Sergeant Daly arrived on Thursday even ing to take up the duties of the post vacated' by Sergeant lacey.—There is to ben wood chopping contest at the show. That should prove most interesting.—Mr. G. A. Cruick shank left for Sydney on Friday evening. Mr. Crnickshank had received intelligence of hiB mother's illness, and bad to take -bis departure hurriedly. We trust that she will soon be restored to her pristine health. Since the above was in type a wire has been received to the effect that Mrs. Crnickshank is slightly better.—Eight inches of rain fell at Bannockburn last week. The Bob Boy creek was higher than it has been for 12 years.—The body of the man Lansley, who was drowned at Din ton Vale, was re covered on Monday. Lansley tried to cross the river, although he was warned not to do so. He slipped off the animal into the raging flood, and never re-appeared. Tlie horse was also drowned. A magisterial inquiry will be held.—We regret to have to record the death of Mrs. Topper, which took place on Monday, at the early age of 27. The 'deceased had 'been ailing for four weeks.—It is with pleasure that we note thai; Mr. A. Caswell, manager of the Commercial Bank, who has been seriously ill for some time past, has now sufficiently ' recovered to get about a little. The effects of the severe illness have pot left Mr. Cas well, but with care he will, we hftpe, soon be restored to bis pristine health.—Times. The Bachelors' Position.—Under the new scheme of taxation single men earning from £150 to £200 per annum will stand on velvet. If they should happen to be total abstainers and non-smokers they will contribute absolutely nothing to the re venue, and even if they smoke and drink in moderation they will get off tolerably easy in only having to pay a trifling amount for indulgence in those weaknesses. The income tax collector will not trouble them,, and they can even invest their savings in real property to the extent of £240 unim proved value without being called on by the Land Tax Commissioners. As they will have representation without taxation they stand in an enviable position, and it need hardly be wondered if an agitation should ultimately spring up for a tax upon bache lors, as the present outlook seems to offer an undeniable premium to the condition of single blessedness. Stock Movekents.—Since last report,: 6500 ewes from Tam worth to Darling Downs, D. Anderson, owner; 600 wethers from Karoola to Swan vale, A. Patterson,, owner; 1500 wethers from Linton, Tam worth, tc Glenross, Aberfoil, J. Gillanders, owner; 600 ewes from Dinton Vale to Glen Innes, A. Hutchison, owner; 106 fat wethers by train from Glenooe to Armidale, Dight and Blaxland, owners ; 408 store bullocks from Mole Biver to Pickering. P. and E. Bell, owners; 130 fat bullocks by road from Normandy Estate, Ipswich, to Tenterfield, thence by train to Flemington, U.M. and Agency Co., Ltd., owners; 30 fat bullockB from Tenterfield to Sydney, Walker's Trustees, owners; 71 horses from Yeulba, Q., to Scone, Thomas Moxham, owner; nine horses from Miles, Q., to Scone, Arnndell Bros., owners.—Glen Innes Ex aminer. . The Superannuation Fund. — It is stated that all grades of Civil servants are discontinuing their payments to the super annuation fund. The fund has been pro ceeding steadily in the direction of bank ruptcy for some time, and Civil servants^ are taking early opportunity to relieve themselves of the responsibility iff paying four per cent, of their salaiy to it. Under the present Act Civil servants - are allowed 12 months in which. they, may stop con tributing to the fond, and ;it is provided, that payments they have made shall be re funded with three per cent, interest jon re tirement or death of the eontributories. The revenue of the fund to meet the heavy existing liabilities will be very seriously depreciated by the withdrawal of snch a large bulk of contributions. •' Man Proposes, but God Disposes."— The late Mr. Graham, Police Magistrate of Bathurst, having.been in the Government service for thirty-seven years without & lengthened holiday, hod decided to take a trip to the old country, and he had ob tained permission frop the authorities for .. ■ 