Mistaken for a Burglar. Ambrose Jenkins is the find of young man who has no home but a boarding-house, and as he is a chronic stayer and pays his bills, he is looked upon with leniency by the bdarding-house fraternity. Jenkins moved recently—an unprecedent ed thing for him to do. But' he hid a ch&ncc; of a permanency in a little hall bedroom in a big boarding-house—one of those rooms that fits closer than a brother, aud is warmed from the hall. " My boarders are all very quiet people,' said the landlady when he had moved in and paid his first month's rent ; " I dare say you won't need a latchkey ?" ', Jenkins assured her that it would only be for emergencies, and offered to have one made if she would lend him a pattern. Then be settled down to a life lease of the hall bedroom, and it was some time be fore he needed to use the latchkey, but one night he went to the train to meet a chum, aud it was after midnight when he softly ascended the steps .of the flat, ap plied his key, and let himself in without making the- ghost of a sound. His room was on the top floor, and be crept up and up with the stealthy tread of a cat. He bad reached the hall from which' all the family rooms branched, and was congratulating himself on his noiseless per formance, wJieu a door opened and "bang I -bang !" wont a revolver. Mr. Jenkins fell, not exactly as soldiers fall, for he pulled a table over him, and xellvd from underneath It : " Stop shooting ! rt's me !" " Who are you T" asked a hoarse voice. " Jenkins ! Hall bedroom. Been out. Wasn't making a bit of noise. What do you mean by shooting at me ?" „ " What do you mean by stealing into people's houses like a burglar ? Why didn't you make some noise, so we'd know who it was ?" That settled It. Jenkins crawled out from under the table and informed the assembled household that hereafter when he was detained by business he should coshe in whistling and singing, and walk In his natural manner until he reached his own floor, and if they didn't like it there would bo a hall bedroom to let. He didn't pro pose to be assassinated by a lot of cranks who didn't know a burglar from a regular boarder ! His bravado saved him. He ia the Napoleon of that boarding-house. 