JOHNSTONE RIVER NOTES. At last we are getting a spell of fine weather, and the . cane is evidently feeling the benefit of It, as it Is making great progress. " Sundown and Goondl, have the best average crop, that has been seen on the river for years, hut Mnndoo, I am sorry to say, will cut but a. poor, all round crop. The grabs aire again playing havoc with the sugar cane, at Mnndoo, and I am sorry to say Mourilyan Plan tation, is also suffering from the same cause. Last year this plantation was nearly eaten out, and the manager, Mr. Robinson has been at considerable expense this year ploughing out and replanting. The farmers here have a tough fight before them, before, they get the better of the grub, and I am afraid a good number of them (the far mere), will go under in the straggle. No doubt killing so many thousands of beetles every year, will eventually lessen the pest, and also the greater area of ground being- brought under the plough, which enables the farmer to pickup, and destroy a great number of grubs, but still while there are hun dreds of acres of standing .scrub, to act as a breeding ground for them, the number destroyed is comparatively very small. And while this slow pro cess, is going on, the small fanner is being ruined.. It seems strange that the government with their highly paid experts, and ev ery requirement at their; command cannot find a remedy. It is not as though this curse to the sugar planters was only in isolated districts, or that they were here for a year or two and then died out, but the grub Is to be found all over the colony, and year af ter year, they destroy thousands1 of pounds worth of cane. The greatest boom the government could bestow on the planters, would be to find a cure for the dreaded "grub." ? All the world knows by now that Mr. Cowley is duly elected our member for the next three years, but the "la bour party" swear that should he ac cept office, and have to face the elec tors again, they will put their man up again. Although Mr. Brownlie hadn't the ghost of a chance, I am sorry there was no contest, as it would have shown the relative strength of the two parties. Some say that the mistake was made intentionally, to save Jjhem firoan a crushing defeat, but I hardly believe that, as the labour member would have, no doubt, got a fair percentage of votes, at any rate as far as this dis trict was concerned. We are already reaping the benefit^ of the new regulations, making "walk about" Kanakas take billets or return - to their islands; Their pay has drop ped from £26 a year to £16, and instead of having jbc> run aifer a Kahs&a; and beg him to come and work for you, the Kanaka now comes round to the vari ous farms, and solicits work. That one regulation alone has sarod sugar far mers, hundreds of pounds. The result of the examination of two suspected cases osf leprosy lias been nn der consideration! fin. fee Brisbane Hos pital. One, a Chinaman* pronounced to be a leper ig to be removed to Dnnwich immediately ; the otber case, that of a European, is still undecided. Francis Christopher, the - victim of. the assault on Saturday night, by which Ms leg was broken, is a married man. with five children, living on Bluff toad. He is a miner by occupation. From bis own account of the affair, he was ask ed by ills assaniant whom. he had voted for* audi on replying] " Sayers," wsa£ caught hold of and thrown heavily a gainst the curbing of the footpeutli. Christopher says he was sober at the time, andthas is corroborated by others who saw him (Immediately afterwards. His assailant had-.been waking a lot of disturbance about the bar, and had shortly before broken a lot of glasses on the counter. ft is to be hoped he will shortly t>e taught that a political opponent is not to be knosked about with impunity. Ittie little daughter of Mr and Mre. George^Gilbert, Edith >May, aged 1 year and 11 months, swallowed some match beads on Saturday, and ? on Monday died. It appears Mrs; Gil bent went injfco town on Saturday, leav ing Hie cfhild in Charge of the girl. Some how the little thinjggotihold of a box of matches, and when tiie mother got home found the child "with about a doz en matches scattered round her with the^heads sucked-off. . Medical assist ance was obtained as quickly as possi ble, and everything done that science and care .could suggest, but. the phos phorus poison bad stained ioo strong a hold, and the end came early oil Mon day . '? j At Craven's Caledonia 33 "tons were tooled for the -fortnight, principally \- from the stopes on <tShe hangingwall xeef over No. 7 level. When IMr. Mines Inspector Bennett was fliere «ome months ago we pub lished a communication from iblm on the dangetof placing unfaarked timber in mines, asthe btark generated nause ous gases,maMng it dmpossibie to .work. The recent wet weather has . brought out this trouble In several mines, and in the Lady Florence in. par . titular where development work has : practically been brought to a standstill until a shaft Has been put' down from 1 the surface to connect with the stopes above No. 1 east level, and so introduce. a current of air to drive out the accu mulated bad air. This was so bad wh enbreaking through between the levels that -two candles burning together were ' with "difficulty kept alight., , The Queen Cross Beef has 344 tons in the paddock. . The Brilliant Central shaft Is down 1242ft Kelly's QueenBlock struck forma tion and a "reef on Tuesday at 780ft, in the No, 1 shaft, but the. size and . quality of . the stone would , not be known until shot up in the night shift. ^ . The find .Is the New Queen reef, which was payable in that company's ground*' Dry blowers o!r jiggers as they aws.. locally termed, liave caught on on the Cape alluvial fields, a. recent "visitor from (the Deep Lead, estimating there ggpyjnust ibe a dozen at work. The first llP^were imported at a cost of about £16, but an ingenious mechanic without the necessary money, but every ancen lave for. a machine, borrowed the prin |& ciple and they aire now costing £2 S/ without ^fche blower or bellows, which %n the sur£acing,where the gold Is got dia specs ©tfrom 3 or 4 to 16 ©rl7dwts, is unnecessary. The idea oftlie blow er has been adaptediowashihg as well and tacts satisfactorily. The machines are capable of dealing with a great quantity of stuff, and promise (to open up an immense estent of dry gold bearing <kmhtry in Queensland. The dry and hitherto, unworkable divide between the Flinders and Oape should be especially suitable for their work toff. . : . The /Brilliant Block crushings aie Steadily improving. Tiast fortnight 910 .tonswereci*ushedfor5S(^oz. At the 'Victoria and Queen they have -raisedl40 tons tfor Hie fortnight, and have 395 tonsori top. They havestart ed carting io the New Queen mSI. In the west flevcl at the Imperial No. 2 West/there tare lQin .of good .stone, and 2ft. of poor stone in the east level. The No. 2 shaft at the Victoria No. 1 West as down 253ft. A small leader Sin. thick, was out 10ft. below ihe one previously mentioned.. The itriai of an action «r oat of dealings in mining sharcv. which has occupied Mr. Justice Ma'fiiew and a epeoial jury for several days, terminat ed on Tuesday. Messrs. 6. H. and. ?s-'A'i/MSiay, of foe - ffl. Bi/Sudd, of Bast Grin stead, to recovet nearly three thousand pounds/ihe balance ofanaccount for : rtp^M;n]^an^ Mr. Biidd .repudiated Jthe "transaction, rvn gron nd that .ale tact that the. plaintlffswere underwriters for the shares hail been, concealed from him and he claimed a return -of over six hundred pounds from Messrs. Jay. 'Hie jury found that there had been' . no misrepresentation, mid judgment Oor the plaintiffs was given .The shores in question were those of the'Char-tecs Towers Consolidated Gold Mines, Ltd., a company formed in 1895, by Mr Geo. Cavey. Many of the shares were ta ken i>y the shareholders of 4he Argen tina Company, a property in Corsica, Which has liquidated. Messrs. Jay agreed to underwrite all the shares not taken up by the Argentina sharehol ders. Messes. Jay and Mr, Budd en tered into a joint speculation with a large block of the Charters Towers : Gold Mines shares, the market for which dedined,and Mr. Budd asked for a) cancellation of his contracts. At the (Band of Hope the 100ft. level isln.372ft., with 4in. of-medium quali ty, stone jonsthe footwall. The winze from No.3 is down 160ft., and has car tied an average of 20an. of stone for the fortnight, and the leader in the foot ' wall side looks like jonctioning with the main reefJ It is thought formation fls coming inf» the No. 3 S. level; 16 .tons were Jiatiled ifor -the fortnight, makingj_4^ tons in-the paddock. Papuan, Brilliant and Victoria has declared a dividend of 6d per share, equal to £2400. '[ The Victoria and Queen has started crashing on 400 tons ait the New Quern mill. At the Golden Surprise No. 2 East ajnd West levels have been started, and this property should shortly be turning out a fair quantity of stone. . At the Papuan No. 5 crosscut level shows 8in of stone, in the faeeand in the stppes there are from 10 to 15in In fajce of^ No. 4 : level thereore lOln oij fair. quality stone,, and making while in thestopes thefaces show from 8 to 20in. In the face of No. 4 crosscut the reef is pinched, aind to the stopes bunchy. The N.W. level from No. 2 shaft shows 12in of fair quality in the Mopes the reef ranges from 8 to 16in 77 and 90 tons were hauled from Nos. 1 and2 shiafts respectively, mak ing 827 tons towards present crushing. The straight shaft at the No. 6 Queen Is down 767ft. The Papuan .Brilliant and Victoria. has cleaned up from a ten days run with 10 head, for 752oz 14dwt 6grs smelted gold. The Queen Cross has started to crush. The Stock Exchange which -has been closed for the Easter holidays, re-opens to-day. A visitor from Ravenswood speak ing of the mining industry, says the field may fairly be considered on its trial just now. ' The John Bull Block which has up to 20ft of crushing stuff and can make 7dwts pay, is understood to be meeting working expenses now. The mine and mill employ between them about 60 hands. The <Md Mas, of which Mr. Lennox is manager, has started crushing with an Otis mill, the capacity of which is put down at 1000 tons pea* week. They have a tremendous body of ore, and estimate ,, the toted cost of raising and treating at about 5dwts. This property is employing about 100 men, and Is also understood to be meeting current ex penses. The: hope with these two big properties is, of course^ that the crush ing stuff -will improve as depth is at tained, and the Immediate future of the field, ai. any rate, depends on their success or otherwise. At the Yellow Jack they are now erecting, the highest poppet legs yet seen on the field, and otherwise are preparing for a vigor ous development of the property. It is possible Herr Sehmeisser, the German Commissiouier for Mines or his assistant I>r. Yoglesang will visit Char ters Towers. They have already visit . ed the other colonies, including New Zealand, investigating their mineral re sources, and in dealing with the mining industry of Australasia could liardly leave out its greatest goldfield. I>r. Voglesang spent a day down the Bro ken TTill Proprietary, but was modest enougih to inform an interviewer"! was not there long enough to solve the sul phide problem." Crack that nut, Doc tor, anfd you could buy a German prin cipality out, lock, stock and barrel. It to be hoped our Government will encourage Dr. Sehmeisser to come North as a pronouncement from so eminent a mining authority could not fadl to be of immense advantage to this goldfield. The feeling Is growing -that copper is in for a good advance in price, and representatives of English investors ate on the outlook for properties in Aus tralia. North Queensland- can supply them and good ones, too, especially the Cliillagoe district, tyifch the facilities .Hie extension of the Cairas-Mareeba line would afford. Mr. Ziman, whoaoquired on behalf of «a powerful English syndicate, a. num ber of mining properties in the Reef ton district of New Zealand, has prov ed a perfect fairy godmother to that erstwhile West Coast decaying centre. "Where once, depression satdown hard all Is activity, .and enterprise.- Tlie cash paid over for properties in part at ~leasf lis. finding an outlet in prospecting work, some ,of which lias already prov ed productive, and altogether a new lease of life has been given to the gold field. That capital |s. a blight is not believed in one part at least of ultra democratic New Zealand. GEORGETOWN, Saturday. A nnan named George Jeffreys obtain ed cl nugget of about SOoz of gold mixed with quartz from the Mount McDonald rush. PERTH, Saturday. The discovery off an entirely new auriferous country Is reported from Cue by Watfxm, Liennon and party, who have jugt returned after being out three months. They report they struck splendid reefs five miles north of Xiake Way, to tiie east of the Murchison field. Mine leases have been, pegged out covring an area of 150 aieres with three lines of reef, with, it is stated, 1000 yards outcropping^ Thet-e are 4G00 tons of stone in sight and'in one of the claims the outcrop is <J feet 6 Inches to 10 feet wide, and estimated - to be from 2 to 4oz stone, The tract of auriferous country is 20 miles long -by 7 miles wide and the country is good, with plenty of water and tim ber. 