vCHAPTEIl III HERE stood perfectly still .for a moment after Hetty had spoken, then -without.a,word ho ■ turned and deft her. V Everett. was . still'. standing in the porch. -Everett' had. owned to. himself that- he had a decided . : penchant for - fhc' littlorustic beauty, -hut:Ercre's fierce^passion cooled-his. ■: He: did not; feel' particularly; inclined, . however, to sympathise with his friend. . 'How rough you are,-Erore,' he said, : angrily; 'you've ' almost knocked the . pipe- out :ol my. mouth a second time this evening.' .: Erere went out into the night with out uttering a syllable.. '"Where are you ofE to?' called Everett.after him. 'iWhat is that to you ?' was shouted : •hack. • • . -.--Everett smd something/further. A •strong-ancl ..very emphatic oath , left 3?rere's;:lips: in reply. The innkeeper, Armitage, was passing the young man at- the moment.. He stared at him, "Wondering at the^wiuteness of his face, and the extraordinary energy of his language. Armitage went indoors to supper, and tnought no more of the cir :?rhumstances. ; Ho was-destined, how £;:cver,'"to remember, it Inter. Everett con tinued to smoke his . pipe . with philo ©hophieal calm, Ho hoped against hope '.that pretty little Hetty might come and . 'staiid in the porch; with him.. Einding v she did hot appear, he resolved to go \\-*out . and look for his friend." He was ' leaving the inn when Armitage called • after him— ' ; , - . . . ' '■". ' I beg. your pardon, Mr. Everett, but will you he out lnito ?' -.' I can't say,' replied Everett, Btop "ping short, '"Why?" ©■"'.Because, if so, sii", yon had better take the latchkey. "We're going to shut ^ihp the whole place early to-night; the ©wife iis 'dead heat,; arid Hetty is not |.;quitewoll.' Ife- y.i I'm sorry for that,' said Everett after a pause. '"Well, givo me the hey. I daresay I'll return quite soon; I am g orily going out to meet IE'. Erere.' : - Armitugo gave tho young riinn the iriy," and returned to the-house. J Jleanwhilo Frere had wandered some \--.distance frorii the pretty little village sfand the charming rustic inn. . His mind "-Iwas out of tune with all horinony . and ©beauty. He Was in the sort of condition ©when men will do mad deeds not know ."•ing-in the least' why they do them. -Hetty's words -had, as ho himself ex Impressed it,.'awakened the very devil in » him.' - ' ■'' She has owned it,' he. kept saying to ©himself. ' Yes, I was right in my. con lf; jectpre-^ho Wants her himself. Muoh K hp regards honour and behaving.straight ?s "toa'Womow Ell show.hima thing ortWo. fc Jove, if I meet him to-night, ho'll rue itd The great solemn plaiuof Salisbury lay not two miles off Erere made for its broad downs without knowing in the least that he was / doing so. By-and-by • he found -himself on a vast open space, spreading sheer away to the edge of the horizon. The moon, which had been bright when he .had started on . his . walk was .now about to set—it' was casting long shadows' on the ground. His own shadow in gigantic dimensions walked by his side, as he:neared the vicinity of the plain. He walked onaud on. The further he went the more fiercely (lid his blood boil within him! All his life hitherto he had been calm, collected, reasonable.. He had taken the events of life with a certain rude philosophy. He had intended to do wcll.for himself, to carve out a prosperous career for.liim self, but although he had subdued his passions both - at college and at school, he had never blinded his eyes to the fact that there lived within his breast,' ready . to be awakened when the time, came, a devil. Once, as a child, he had given way to this mad fury. . He had flung a knife at his brother, wounding him in the temple, and almost killing him.; The sight of blood and the fainting form of his only brother had awakened his better self. He had lived through agony while his brother's life hung in .the bnlahce. : The lad eventually recovered, to die,in a year or two of something else, but Erere never forgot that time of mental torture. From that hour until the present, he had kept his ' devil,' as he used to call it, well in check. I' It was rampant to-night, however— he knew it, he took no pains to conceal the fact from his own heart—he rather gloried in the.knowledge. He walked on and oh, across the plain. Presently in the dim distance he heard Everett'calling him. ' Erere, I say Erere, stop a moment, I'll come up to you.' A. man who had been collecting under wood, and was returning home with a bagful, suddenly appeared in Erere's path. Hearing the voice of the man shouting behind he stopped, / ' 'There bo some-un calling yer,' he said in his rude dialect. , Erero stared at the man blindly. He looked behind him, saw Everett's figure silhouotted against the sky, and then took wildly to his heels; he ran as if something evil were pursuing him. At this moment the moon went com pletely-down, and the whole of the vast plain lay in dim gray shadow. Erere had. not the least idea where he was running. ' He and Everett had spent whole days on the plain revelling in the solitude, and the splendid air, but they had neither of them ever visited it at night before. The whole place was strange, uncanny, unfamiliar. Erere soon lost his bearings. He tumbled into a hole, uttered , an exclamation of pain, and raised himself with some difficulty. 'Hullo!' said a voice, 'you might have broken your leg. /What are you doing here P ..' Erero stood upright, a man slighter and taller than himself faced him about three feet .away. Erere could hot recog niso the face, but he knew the tone. ' What tho devil have yoii come to meet me for?' he said. ' You've come to meet a madman.' Turn back and go home, or it will bo tho worso for you.' . ' I don't understand you,' said Awdrey. Erere put a tremendous restraint upon himself. • .' ., .'/Look hero,':ho said, '.I don't want to injure you, upon my soul.I don't, but there's a devil ia me • to-night, and you had better go home without any I more words.' • ' 'I shall certainly do nothing of the kind;', answered Awdrey. 'The plain is as open to me as, to .you. If you dislike me take your own path.' -'My path is right across where you are standing,' said Frere. . .'.'Well, step aside and leave me alone I' . It was so dark the men only appeared as shadows.one to the other. Their voices, each of them growing hot and passionate, seemed scarcely to belong to themselves. Frere came a step nearer to Awdrey. | You shall have it,' ho cried. 'By the heaven above, I don't want to spare you. Let me tell you what I think of you.' . ' Sir,' said Awdrey, ' I don't wish to havo anything to do with you—leave me, go about your business!'' ' I will after I've told you a bit of my mind. You're a confounded sneak— you're, a liar—you're no, gentleman. Shall I tell. you why you interfered between me and my girl to-night ?— because you want her for yourself!' This sudden accusation so astounded Awdrey that ho did not even reply. He came to the conclusion that Frere was really mad. ' You forget yourself,'he said, after a longpause. ' I excuse you, of course; I don't even know what you tire talking about!' ' Yes. you do, you black-hearted scoundrel. You' interfered between Hetty Avmitage and me because you wont her yourself—she told me so much to-night!' ' She told you!—it's you who lie.' ' She told mo—so much for your pre tended virtue. Get out of the way, cr I'll strike you to the earth, you dog!' Frere's wild passion prevented Aw drey's 'rising. The; accusation made against bun was so preposterous that it did not even rouse his anger. . 'I'm sorry for you,' ho said after a pause, 'you labour under a complete misapprehension. I wish to protect Hetty Armitage as I would any other honest girl. Keep out of my path now, sir, I want to continue my walk.' ' By. heaven, that you never shall.' Frere uttered a wild, maniacal scream. The next instant he had closed with Awdrey; and raising a heavy cane which he carried, aimed it full at the young squire's head. 'I could kill you, you brute, you scoundrel, you low, base seducer;' he shouted. For a moment Awdrey was taken ofE his guard. But the next instant the fierce blood of his race awoke within him. Frere was no mean antagonist —ho was a stouter, heavier, older man than Awdrey. He had also the. strength which madness confers. After a momentary struggle he flung Awdrey to the ground. The two young men rolled over together. Then with a quick and sudden movement Awdrey sprang to his feet. He had no weapon to defend himself with hut a slight stick which he carried. Frere let hini go for a moment to spring upon him again like a tiger. A sudden memory came to Awdroy's aid—a memory which was to be the undoing of his entire life. He had been told in his boyhood hy an old prize-fighter who taught him boxing, that the most effective way to use a stick in defending himself1 from an enemy was to use it as a bayonet. 'Prod your foe in the mouth,' old Jim had said, 'be he dog or man, prod him in the mouth. Grasp your stick in both hands, and when he comes to you prod him in the mouth or neck.' The words r flashed distinctly now through Awdroy's brain. "When Frere raised his heavy stick to strike him he grasped his own slender weapon and rushed forward. He aimed full at Frere's open mouth. The stick went a few inches higher and entered the un fortunate man's right eye. He fell with a sudden groan to the ground. In a moment Awdroy's passion was over. He bent over the prostrate man and examined the wound which he had made. Frere lay perfectly quiet; there was an awful sUenco about him. The dark shadows of the night brooded heavily over tho place. Awdrey did not for several moments realise that some thing very like a murder had been com mitted; He bent over the prostrate man—ho took his limp hahd in his, felt for a pulse—there was none. IVith trembling fingers he tore open the coat and pressed his hand to the heart—it was strangely still. '. He bent his ear to listen—there was no sound. Awdrey was scarcely, frightened yet. He did not even now in the least realise what had happened. Ho felt in his pocket for a flask of hrandyjwhich'hc sometimes carried about with him. An oath escaped his lips when he found he had forgotten it. Then taking up his stick he felt softly across the point. The point of the stick was wet—wet with blood. He felt carefully along its edge. The blood extended up a couple of inches. He knew then what had hap pened. The stick had undoubtedly entered Prere's brain through the eye, causing instant death. When this knowledge came to Awdrey he laughed. His laugh sounded queer, but he did not notice its strangeness. He felt again in his pocket—discovered a box of matches which he pulled out eagerly. He struck a match, and by the weird, uncertain light which it cast looked for an instant at the dead face of the man whose life he had taken. /' I don't even know his name,' thought Awdrey. ' What in the world have I killed him for ? Tes, undoubtedly I've killed him. He is dead, poor fellow, as a door-nail. What did I do it for?' He struck another match, and looked at the end of his stick. . The stick had a narrow steel ferrule at the point. Blood bespattered the end of the stick; 'I must bury this witness,' said Awdrey, to himself. He blew out the match, and began to, move gropingly across the plain. His step was uncortain. He stooped as he walked. Presently he came to a great copse of underwood. Into the very thick of the underwood he thrust his stick. Having done this he resolved to go home. Queer noises^ were ringing in his head. He felt as if devils were pursuing him. He was certain that if he raised his eyes and looked in front of him, he must see the ghost of the dead man. It was early in the night, not yet 12 o'clock. As he entered the grounds of the Court, the stable clock struck 12. 'I suppose I shall get into a beastly mess about this,'thought Awdrey. 'I never meant to kill that poor fellow, I ran at him in self-defence'. ' He'd have had my blood if I hadn't his. Shall I see my father about it now? My father is a magistrate; he'll know what's best to be done.' , Awdrey walked up to the house. His gait was uncertain and shambling, so little characteristic of him that if anyone" had met him in the dark he would hot have been recognised. He opened one of the side doors of the great mansion with a latch key. The Awdreys were early people—an orderly household who went to rest in good time—the lamps were out in the house —oniy here and there was a dim illu mination suited to the hours of dark ness. Awdrey did not meet a soul as he went up some stairs, and down one or two corridors to his own cheerful bedroom. He paused as he turned the handle of his door. ■ _ \- 'My fatftei; is in bed. There's no use in troubling him 'about this horrid matter before the morning,' he said to himself. • ' • Then he opened the door of his room, and went in. To his surprise he saw; on the thresh hold, just inside the door, a little note. Ho picked it up and opened it. It was from his sister Ann. It ran as follows:— 'Dearest Bob,—I have seen the Cuthberts, and they can join us on the plain to- morrow- for a picnic. As you have gone' early to bed, I thought I'd let you know in case you chose to get up at cockcrow, and perhaps leave us for the day. Don't forget that we start at 2 o'clock, and that Margaret will be there.—^Your loving sister, Asx.' Awdrey found himself reading the note with interest. The excited beating of his heart cooled down. He sank into a chair, took off his cap, and wiped the perspiration from his brow. ' I wouldn't miss Margaret for the world,' he said to himself. A look of pleasure filled his dark gray eyes. A moment or two later he was in bed, and sound asleep. He awoke at his usual hour in the morning. He rose and dressed calmly. He had forgotten all about, the murder—the doom of his house had fallen upon him, - 