A WOMAN'S LETTER FROM MELBOURNE. May 13. A wedding of considerable interest to tho residents of Elsternwick was that of Miss Queenie Hall, youngest daughter of Mr John Hull, of Gleudora, Elsternwick, which took placo at St. Stephens' on Tuesday, 12th May, the celebrant boing the Rev. P, Builhachc. The bridegroom was Mr Sey mour Davies, business manager of tho Eng lish and Scottish Bank, Melbourne. The bride's costume consisted of handsomo ivory ducheste, mado with the new sleeves, nar row, und set iu to the shoulder seams with rows of shirring. Tho veil worn with tho wedding toilette was composed of Irish laco and net, lent by a friend of tho bride's. Tho attendant maid, MIbs Wiunio Mooro (sister in- law of the brido), was garbed in ciel-bltie merveilleux, ornate with white chiffon aud eilvcr sequins, Gainsboro' hat of black velvet, white ostrich plumes. Tho wedding gifts formed a handsomo and unique collec tion. The following is a list of tho most im portant Sir Georgo Verdon, handsomo sot of engraved silver sail cellars; Mr and Mrs (Jrquhart. haudsomo oak case of table and dessert silver ; Mrs Tcstur, immense brass tray, Benares workmanship ; Mr Taylor, hesvy gold bangle ; Mr C. Wven, chequo j MrsC. Wren, Manicure sot; Mr B. Coude roy, grandfather's clock ; Mr W. R. Wilson, tea set (Worcester) ; officers of English and Scottish Bank, handsomo bronze floor lamp, stand, and cruets ; Mr W. Langdon, marble clock ; Miss Wilson, crystal table orna ments ; Mr F. Danby, dessert knives and forks ; Mrs Cuthbert, brass table lamp; father of bride, cheque ; mother of brido, cheque ; bridegroom to bride, handsome dia mond star. The wedding trip will be to Ballnrat and surrounding country, by bicycle und train. Amongst recent publications are; tho fol lowing : — 'A Gentleman's Gentleman ' (Max Pembcrton) ; ' A Monk of Fife' (Andrew Lang) ; 11 Heart of tho World ' (Rider Haggard) ; ' A Ohungo'of Air* (An thony .Hope) ; ' The Tremlett Diamonds' (St. AuUyn) ; ' A Living Lie ' (Bourgot) ; 'Strictlv Incog ' (F. Warden); ' The Heart of a Continent ' (Capt. Young, husband). The ' new ' or rather the 14 old ' narrow tight sleeves seem to be gaining in popular favor. Several of tho latest gowns are mude with the above. At present, wo have not become used to the innovation, which comcs upon us too much in the nature of a shock to be altogether pleasing. A transitional fashion is to slit the other portiou of the sleeve, and, if the gown bo intended for evening woar, to insert tiny frills of chiffon. One hears of nothing but Louis XIV. aud XV. bodices, Robespierre cravats, and mous quetairo cuffs in interviews with one's couturiere. Black velvet bodices are much to l)o commanded for general usefulness and becomiugnfiss. When brightened up by the addition of il silk nla.itron or vest, confined at the waist with a strass buckle, huge cravat bows and euds of rich lace, carbon buttons and mousquctaire culfs, it becomes at oncc a stylish and hundsomo adjunct to one's toilotte, nnd may bo worn with skirts of different shades. An interesting ccromony will take place at tho South Yurra Hall at 2.30 to-day, whon Lord Brassey will dcclaro the 'Trilby' Cake Fair and Bouquet Competition open. This fair has been organised principally by Mme. Emery Gould, in aid of the poor ut South Yurra.' Miss Edth Crane, who is now playing in the title rGle (' Trilby') at the Princess, will award tho prizes to the | successful competitors. . Great interest is being evinced in the pre- ! parutious for the Theatrical Carnival to take ! place in the Exhibition Building on the- 23rd ! and 25th inst. An interesting feuturo will ' bo the cycling contests. A preparation which is said to be highly boneficial iu cases of chapped or roughened hands is Hill's Cajuput Glycerine Jelly. It is free from undue stickiness, and is easily absorbed by the skin. * In cleaning statuottes, marble ornaments, etc., use nitric acid in the proportion of one part acid to fivo parts water, mix thoroughly, soak the ornaments in the solution, rinse in cold water and dry thoroughly. At the fancy dress ball hold ut the ,c Niagara' Skating Rink (London), the first prize for ' most successfully carried out 1 costume' was awarded to the Hon. Mrs. Claude Hay. She was arrayed in sepulchral garments of bluish white hue, and repre- ; sented a 'Ghost.' The second prize was carried off by a female ' Robinson Crusoe,' clad in garments of white fur, everything down to tho smallest detail being perfect. Amongst gentlemen, ' A Polar Bear' gained first placo; 'A Freneh Porter,' second prize; and ' A Labourer,' smock frock, otc. was awarded third prize. On dit that Rudyard ICiplinir will shortly leave his American home among the 'green hills of Vermont' to take up his abode, for a time at least, iu London. At the mayoral reception held yesterday I noticed many handsome winter gowns. In many cases lace is taking the place of the sequin trimming so profusely employed as garniture on autnmn gowns a month or so back. A costume that struck mo as having a particularly neat and stylish appearance was composed of dark blue cloth, with tapering insertions of thick crcatn laco 111 back and front of tho bodico. A necklet of sable was worn at the throat, ' Cavalier' hat of black velvet. A rather striking gown was made up inshot blue and brown mohair, with Louis XV bodice of red velvet, vest of cream mcrvoilloux, gold passementerie. A little maiden of four was arrayed in a high waisted gown mado in tlio mode prevailing iu the time of Charles I. It was fashioned of deep cream velvet with bands of beaver at neck and wrist, hanging pocket of velvet, and ' Granny' bonnet en suite, with ostrich plumes, creuin mittens, und doeskin shoes/ A charming blonde appeared to great ad van ;tace in a porfcctly-fittinc gown of green velvet, made very plainly en Princesse, ' pioture' hat of green velvot, white and bluck ostrich feathers. A pretty ' beefeater' hat was composed of black velvet, with full gathered crown of white satin, with tiny:jot stars placed thorcon, a cluster of ostrich plumes at -the side, clasped by a Strauss bucklo, not forgetting the ubiquitous white osproy. A black mohair costume had a silk bodico, ornato with appliqni 3 of white laco, and ' melon' sleeves, with bands of jet passementerie outlining the seams, a pretty toque garni, with shaded pink roses, and tips en aigrette was worn with the abovo. ' ALMA.' 