[a mirage of murder . Vacific-street starts in the slums, and run acrora tbo city Tho highoftt number upon it is 8,626, and the houio with whioh this narrativo deals is No. 4,313. It stands thereforo, exaotly half-WQV bntwnpn thn nKn^isa nf nnvoffu nn.l wealth. At tho tinio of tho occurronco heroin to bo related, it was kept as a lodging *nd board ing-placo for, mou by Mrs. Jamos Prowitt, whoso long cxpereince bad mado hor keen aud wary. Her guest* woro of all classes aud do scriptions, mon rising from tbo lowor street frequently. meeting at her table thoso who wero descending trom tho gentility of tho Avenue. One October morning a young man 'applied to her for a room. Bho sot her liltlo'grcy oyes sharply upon him, ss was her habit, but saw j nothing out of tho commonplace. Sho always I divided her patrons ioto three classes — those coming up from noar theBay.those sinking from tho Avenuo, and the stationary middle-class. Sho shrewdly placed this onci among the second class, but that mado little ditferenco to her. Ho. was medium in size, with a frank face and a manner which gavo her the impression that he knew what ho was about, and was exceedingly wide-awake in doing it He said ho was a travelling mon. could furnish good references and gave his namo as Harry Mulford. 44 My third-floor front is vacant,' Mrs. Prowitt said, 44 but I usually get fifteen dollars a month for it.' 41 This is 'entirely satisfactory,' Mulford replied. 44 Tho price is nothing to me, although I shall hot occupy the. room moro than one night a month But 1 shall want it fcdpfe teady for mo, though you are. at liberty to use tt .any night, provided fou do not, receive word of my cbmiug before sir o'clock. ^ I shall pay you in advance, sending you your money by mail on the last of r-Ach month.' He drow rut bis purse, counted 15 dollars upon h& knee, and added, M Hure Is the first month's rent, provided you 'will let me have tho room.' Miv. Prowitt was too keen to lot such a chanco slip, and ahe quickly closed (he trans cafion. Her requirement of references had always been a mero form — often a ruse to got r?rt of an unpromfy(n£ applicant. Sho did not, therefore, 90k IVfaiford for his, considering bis monoy sufikieftfc e-id-Tr±:cmeut. 44 It -is orobable,' said Mulford, as he de livered the Jiuney and rose to leave, 44 that I shall not reappear for several months, and if you do uot receive fifteeu dollars from mo near the first of any monttx/you will be at liherty to lot the room. It is- likely that I may send somo one occasionally to occupy tho room, but he will always bring a note froca mo.' This picco of luck 7? as too £ood for Mrs. Prowitt to keep to herself, t:d it was sooa a matter for general discussion arouad her tables. A man who could affort to pay for a room with out occupying it was a rarity at No. 4313, and Mulford becamn a mystery. Tho fin»t month passed, and tho third- floor front was unoccu pied, except when Mrs. Prowitt quartered a transient. On tho last day of this month a reg istered letter was delivered to her, from which she drew three crisp five-dollar bills and a note from Mulford, stating that he would soon sond a take possession of the room. But I when more months passed without othe^l^^P^kfesentativn of Mulford than the regular iWjrs inclosing the Dills, tbe rental of thoupper chamber became a sensation. At last, however, one wiy ;.»ecember afte- noon a little old mun appoavev^ rrmgiag from Malford a note which staged nff wish that Mrs. Prowitt would place iu hU tocur. article that tho bearer woold dciiver, ana tc have the apart ment kept ready for occupaocy. The little oil man was quite odd. Ho was much bent a^d very grey. His left eye was blind ; but the j right, restless %nd twinkling, together with his j whole cnunteo*nco,made Mrs. Prowitt think he | could tell & great deal, 5f tw minded. He was ' not *o minded^ hcw^vci^ and her questions jt olicitcd «niy Amasr.c.en'^ U which his blindness II lent ihj appearance o? continual winking. || Tha aitiol* ho bronghc, wa? a 'large, thrp,e» J fold Japanese screen, iiigbly decorated wif.h I gilt birds, reptiles, and animals disporting theoi- 1 selves on a sable cround. After the Hfctl« Hri S man had gono, and Mrs. Prowitt had seft. the screen in Mulford's room, she wont down to the j .tables to ox press her opinion that a Japanese | screen was a queer article for a young man | send, and the boardors agreed with her co otyongly ao to repair to the apartment to in^eot it. The screen was ordinary, yet extraordinary, and curiosity played about tbe bamboo frame a« whimsically as the golden decorations wi'Uiin r*. A satchel, »r a. tr&nk;, or «vec a chair would have aroused simple -txpectatioc. ; out 9 Japanese screen, though not vincnmm^c. in a bedroom; suggested something s-: demdixl'y out of the commonplace that Mu5fc?dB adverft was \ awaited with lively interest. A weak pa^ed, ! hrtwev!*? ; and, though 'M^ Prowitt fcapfc gai j burning fai th» evenings. ;aa£ fresh water put oauy into tbe pitcher, aikI huag clean toweis I opoo tbs ru&k;, fledther Mu'ior? no* his ^rfer^l j appeared. \ ( For twelve days Bte &aa; thm preparations mado l tut upon tbe thirteenth Mulford'a i.rierv* | came 13 was ha.(f-past elzbt who.r« -ihe maid ij admitted him xr. the parlour. At this hour ali I tte lodgers were out pursuieg the-ij various j evening pastimes, except 2ohn Baylor, who | practising upot bi? clarioucc iu his rwco^d- J Aoor ;*ccoi, Mr*. Prowitt vrer-.t w th-e par^ur expecting tc and a /ou/fg mai. «-r about [ MuiforJ's &g;&, but sh?. whs surprised to 1 see a gentleman of probably GU. He was, bowo7or, weU-pueservo/1 and active ird was dressed very muoh btic'vc than an? one sbs had ever lodged. Thoro wne au unmistakable air ot (b& Avonue about htm lha'c Ket Mrs. Pro witt to thickiug slio had seen him o^lnre^ and to wondering whore it had been. He carried a bulging bloo-bag of hsavy -aatsrial, a^d jis whole bearing and appeoraooe were those of a baty lawyer. Mrs. Prowitt made these observa tions distinctly, as was her habi^ but later 00 currpuces indented them in her mind. In rc. ialing exactly how the old lawyer entered tho parlour^ how he talked, and iu describing him, sho always had difficulty putting one fuot into word?. 44 Somohow,' she always said, 44 ho made mo cicep. ' He sab ' right in front ot me and he seemed to be there like any other man, but there was something or other about him that made hfrn seem unreal, a kind of strange shadow of arichold man 1 had seen upon thoAvcnuo.His voice, too, sounded kind and ULn'atural ; some thing liko an echo of a real voice speaking away off somewhere. I thought at first that ho was :.only absent-minded, but the more I looked at | him the more plainly I saw that thero was sorne- I thing about him I could not explain, and can't 1 now. \ He gave her a note in Mulford's baud, merc i Iy introducing bim as the friend who desired to occupy his room for .the night-, and be would consider it a favour if Mrs. Prowitt would make him. comfortable and let him have all ho might wish. 44 Ia there auythiog you want me particular^ ly to do ?' Mrs. Prowitt askod him. ; She has always laid great stress upon the fact that she observed everything .that occurred that night accurately, und has . been unvarying in ber uar nttivo. I 44 Is there a table jn tbo room ?' the lawyer 1 asked, absently, 7 44 Yes ; Mr. Mulford requested mo to put ono in for him.' 44 That is woll. Then all I wish is to bo en tirely undisturbed. I have many papers to ex lumiuo to-night,' he said, tapping the bluo bag 44 1 am engaged on a matter of vast importance to a wealthy estate, and I shall ask you-to see that no ono i's admitted to the room. I am ready to go to work do w, if yon please,' { Mrs. Prowltb showed him to the third floor front, turned up tbo light, aud beforo leaving, saw him take from tho bag a large bundle of , papers, tied witb pink tape, aud lay them busily upon the tablo. Ho then pulled up a ohoir oud 1 sat down, She noticed that tho Japancso sorocn I stood about three foot from tho back of his obair, and about two fcot from tho windows. Tho weather being oold, tho sashes wero down and locked, and tho . lower insido shutters drawn and latehed. Tboro was a shrer descont from tho windows to tho pavement, with no outsido ledge bolow them, so that it was impos sible for anyono to bavo entered tho room through them. Mrs., Prowitt has teen unwav ering in this statement, as well as in declaring that no ono was hlddon behind tlio screen or elsewhcro la tbe room when she/admitted tbe lawyer. ' It was only a fow minutes after nine when sho loft tbe old man intently engagod ovor bis papors. Ou her way downstairs sbe stopped in Mr. Baylor's room to tell him that Mulford's friend bad come Sho did so, eho has said, nnh IwraiiAn f.hnv hud nil' TrvsV/wl Mm «,« long, butbocauso the man had given hor a queer feeling of dread that sho could not throw off. Sho naturally wondered what could have brought so rich 1 lawyer to bor hou'w ; but it was not this query that mado her unoosy. Sbe told Baylor of this strange impression, and of tho faot that, whilo with tho oldlaw^or iu tho | room, sho had a creep,? notion that she was en tirely alone, although he had been plain to her | eyes. She noticed that he walked vigorously, but his steps bad been surprisingly faint,' and tho papers had not rattlod whon he took them from tbo bog. Shft was vory nervous. Sha did not boliov6 in ghosts, she declared, but certainly this was tho strangest lodger she bad ovor had in her bouse. Sho was afraid somo thing dreadful might happen, and sho nuked, Baylor to keep his door open and to walk up tho' stairway occasionally and listen. He promised to do so, and she loft him. At 11 o'clock she hurried back and said : 44 Would you mind going witb mo to Mr. Mulford's room and listen outaido tho door? 1 'i»ant to know whether that old man is slcop* ing, I jtie from tbe pavement outside that ho has turned the gas out.' 44 That cannot be/' Baylor answered, excited ly. „44 1 wafted up tho stairs not more that five : minutes ago and saw bis light shining through 1 the transom.c ?4 Saw his light ?' echoed Mrs. Prowitt, in on awod whisper. 4,It was just about fivo minutes ago that I looked from the pavement outsid® and his wiudows were dark. Are you sure you saw tbo light ?' 44 Yes ; bat I could not bear a sound loside tho room.' . 41 Mr. Baylor, there is comethiug terrible in tbe air 'io-xiigbt, and 3 'jan't tell what it is. Let us go up there and tfstcn.' Tbey ascended to Mulford's room. Bright light was chining through the transom. Mrs. Pro vit* knocked tbxes Mmes, but received no answec. Then she called, but tbe room remain ed perfectly silent. u 'J wouid like you to look over tho transom, Mr. BayVor/' she saij. 41 Thero is something m/ctxrlcus iwre.'* Baylor brought to tna door two chairs that wo?43 standing in 3b* hafi: and, stepping upes onet looked through 5n» Irausom. He started, and asked Mrs. Prowitt to get upon tho other and look.. 7?hey 3 aw the old lawyer-stilt sitting at the table «ith bundled of la^al papers before him. £0 vas toe deeply engaged to notice that his long ^rey hair had slipped down over 1x0 forehead and aSmost overhang his eyos. Af J they iooked fr-.t bis peacef uV face to the dA?u xects before him; Mrs. Prowitt started riulent ly, c&ugnt; Baylor's arm, and sa.*d : X/OOff at his hands. He is making tho motions of writing, b»fc a&ro; is no pen in his hand Ho . Bhe faltered from fright, and Baylor said : 14 He is a oiadmo:4 Mrs. Prowitt.' 44 No hr. is worse than that. He is uot a real man. Somcr'ibing awful is going to happen tc right, I di'J no'n quite trust thvi -nan Mulford. Trom the sOart. Why sliomd be hav6 rented thir room aud Aot .rxccupied it, if ovecythmg wiu boen right. This v torriDIe. Look here. Did you see &o; screen move ? ' 4' No, I did not, but—' He -rtoppwi abruptly. For two bands rose from behind the screen, Jtnd^ catching Its ex- 1 iremo ead^ it from tbe floor? aod carried | it stealthily tiowardr. the oJd man. Thoy were 1 large and muscular, agl? and grimy — sach hands as wouVd delv6 in the slime a&£ fzu- of t'-iff iower street. With tho crception of. his bauds, tbe pe»on behind trr» screen was iiid fo?. until as had carried it noiselessly and stealthily, it almost touched tbo vVd man'? ebafr. There. tb-) hands stepped it, and btoud it 6ccu?ely( and instantly 3 bend rose from I y- hin-i it The terrible fac#. bwd tbs two out tide watcher motkmlesa The vileness And \r:ckodncw of toe slum« wis ground into each blotch*! auc bloated feature. T.1^ terrible oreaturo looked i 02 some min&tv; epen bio ovd b.wyep with a iecrof murderous triumph.Ther., witb h hornbli smile cf satisfaction, tho man raised hbi right Arm high ever the scrocn, his dirty uibn-liko hand clutobiag a dagger. Mr. Pr^w^lt shrank »i'ih a a cream fro«j th& sigfet,. a a£* feL tc a sitting ?ostor?» up«tsber chair ; wfri»o Baylor, aroused to action, pcEn-Ssd ) *3poD the giaop of tbe tramoxi aud kicked apon I tt»- 'loor, but tis old lawye- o?n*^nued geace- 1 Jc^ly writing at nh*; table, and tho assassin was | rat stayed in bts purpose. With a tfmft, sk^ jj ijoli strop's the knife f*ll, and Bayicr *.aw it sick & into chc-lawywe^toreast, jaw luci writhe upon 9 tbecHair and foil to fiooi. .Hfi scaped Jroin | (ihe ohair r.nd himself agoi.^t the door, | bu4 y'O witifctoc^ nle force. ? . : jj 44 HeVp 2ie hsrt, Mrs. Prowitt.' Ae onod. J 44 The lawyer has 'been murdered. Tha door 5 is locked upon the luside. Help me break -t i , Their united strength at last broks the lock, | t-ud the door swung in. Baylor took one r»pid [ step forward, but stoppod upon the sill with a I startled cry. Tho room was dark and siioi't. g No moah or sound of death-struggling ?amu J from .the murdered n*an under tho tablo. I 44 A match, Mrs. Prowitt,' he eaid ; 44 for tb»: j lovo of heaven, lot us have a light hero I' | 44 There is a mateh;aafc over tho wash-s'i&nd; \ in tho'corner,' gasped tbe landlady.. j For a few momenta Baylor groped Jr. the j blackness for a match. At last be struck one, j and the gas puffed op.'V Ho shrank £ack against tbe wall by ?hu'2oor. Thoroom'wa* entirely dosorted ; the table was bare of 2eg^ papers ; the screen stood ic Its place near the ; window ; and there was no body of a mur dered man upnr. tho floor, nor any Hood rr other trace of' him. The room was precisely as it had beou beforo tho lawyer como. '' Ic the midst of an animated disousaion/at Mrs. Prowittffi tablo next morning, of tho stiaogo crime, one of the boarders, who had already breakfasted and gone out, rushed back with & paper, which, under display head-iiues, told of the brutal murder of Abol Christiansen, one of 'the city's noted lawyers. It dotailed how ho had bcen^itting in the study at his home on the avenue, going over some valuablo papers in tho matter of a vast tistafe in litigation. Tho murderer had entered through a window, had crept upon Mr. Chribliansea under co?( r of a j Japanese screen that stood behind his chair, and had struck him to the heart with a dagger. Tho assassin, who had escaped with all the papers, wo* supposed to he one of tbo heirs to tho properly and ono of the most dangerous criminals of tho slums, Jr., . About 10 o'cl^^M^Bt-Boro^nxming the li tile oldVj,'ah appeared at No. 4313, Baying thai Mr. had sent him for It, 14 1 don't know that I ought to lob It,' said Mrs. Prowitt. 44 Why not ? ' askod tho littlo old man, a queer twinkle of his unblinded eyo. , 44 Thoro was a torrihlo murdor on the Avei^H last nigut ny \ roan who etabhea a lawyer Ii| behind a JapancMo screen, and I and one of ri^H lodgers saw tho vision of a man como from b^f hind Mr. Mulford's screen and kill a strange olifl man who had como nB Mr. Mulford's friend.' 44 It is certainly remarkable,' said the littlel old man, winking bis blind eye ; 44 but you cctyl tainly won't koup Mr. Mulford's Boreen just be-, j* cause you aaw a vision.' ? ? ^ 44 Go up for it, then, for, I won't touch It,' | ( onM Mm Pmwiil; -«) »it! Ka -*]»/) in h-o. f1.» t ' terrible thing out of my houso. If 1 wasn't afraid of it I would not let you have it,' WDen the littlo old man reappeared, carrying the scroon, sbe said 44 If I could seo how thero could be any con nection bctwsen this screen and the ono on tho Avenuo I would koep you hore and send for the ; | police.' i 44 1 don't seo what possible connection there j could be,' said the littlo old man, ducking his head sidowiso and squintif*.* at her quizzically. 44 If I could I wouldn't ask' you for tho screen. ; But 1 will ask Mr. Mulford, and if there h, of courso I'll como around and tell you. By the way, bo says you need not keep tbo room for bim any longer.' And picking up tho soreen bo briskly walked away. ? ? 