The Editor invites contributions to this column. Accepted paragraphs will be pa'd for at usual rates. Our Governors have been very metallic or years—Loch, " HoopirCB," Hrassey. Govfknok IjAminoti>h has an income of £40,000 a year. And be knows how to mind it, too. M.U. Pbofessou Halfokd, lie whom tiie women doctors detest, has the reputation of telling a neat story. Edward Dyson's book of verse, " Rhymes from the Mines and Other Lines," is to see the light next month. We have just picked up a paper seven years old announcing H. R. llarrcood's " final retirement from the stage." Thfre are thirteen K.A. natives in the S.A- Assembly, but only one of them, Sir John Downer, is an Adelaide product. Rohkkts, the year-old member for Gladstone in the S.A. Assembly, is the first native of India to gain a scat in an Australian Parliament. We see by the dailies that a city firm is exhibiting a " patent marine Governor." Was this invention suggested by His Excellency ? Dr. Huownless, son of Sir Anthony Brownless, Chancellor of the Melbourne University, is the latest addition to Coolgardie's medico brigade. Mr. Wolfe Fink declaresthat Dr. Lloyd, J.P., of Xorth Melbourne, is a crank. Better a crank than a crock : at least justice isAl at Lloyd's. "Dick" 'Wood, M.L.A. for North Adelaide many years ago was an itinerant scissors grinder. Ho has done everything down to local preaching. Ornithologist Keartlan'd, who goes with lioomer Calvert's gold scenting exploring expedition to Nor'-We6tefti Australia, is a Melbourne ••lijc compositor. On dit: There is a great deal more behind tbe resignation of a certain prominent official than bas yet come to light " Chtrchczln fcmim." It smacks of tbe old, old siory. A lucky Coolgatdie man with £50,000 cash is painting Adelaide with more than one colour. He is splashing up about JE300 a week in champagne and other frivols. Kyrlk Bellew, the Curly Beliew of other days, has lost his beautiful hyacinthinelocks, and is now lovely as ever, but bald—Balder the liedutiful, of Scandinavian mythology. Kino O'Malley. the new M.L.A.for Encounter liiy, S.A., when in America established a new religious sect, the Rockbound Christians. Free love was their cardinal principle. Prince Henry ok Battenberg left only one thousand pounds. There is cot much money in tbe Prince business evidently. The " old nobility " that rises by way of a brewery never cuts up bo badly. Ma. Tozer, the Colonial Secretary in Queensland, is crying out with much vehemence against the " tick pest " up north. Prom this we conclude that Mr. Tozer runs a pub. Sool 'em, Tozer. Dr. Halt* Owen, tbe moderate candidate at South Melbourne, is an ex-councillor and a pushing local man. His friends declare that the advancement of tbe suburb is all owin' to bis efforts. A correspondent writes to ask us the meaning of Bufce Diimum. a name appearing every day litely in connection with tils Jordan divorce case. The answer is that the expression means " sweet home," a place not found this side of Jordan. "Terror" Turner bas discovered that Australians are not eager to back their cheap gush with a good cash lining. The shilling testimonial to him has only raked in £.*>ti in three months. Fame does not bring much reward. "Jack'' Darling, the new M.P. for East Torrens, S.A., is a brother of " Joe" Darling, the Australian cricketer. Tbe Assembly man is a H.H. Proprietary director, and a prominent supporter of the National Defence League. The oldest S.A. Assembly man is A. II. Landseer, tbe elect of Mount Barker since '75. He was born in IKin. Originally he was a sculptor, but finding no scope for bis talents in Australia, be went in for storekeoping. Another honorary justice shock. A newlycreated N.S.W. J.P. was "doing" gaol when hie name appeared in the honour list. On tbe principle that experience makes pbrfect. that J.P. should be a distinct success on the beakery. A recent portrait of Henrik Ibsen, the Norwegian play-builder, brings out st ronger than ever the extraordinary resemblance between him and our own Dr. Hevan. They look like twin cherubs in the grey hair and whiskers of patriarchs. Said a Melbourne barber to Svengali Fax: " By jove ! you have caught on with the people here, sir. Popular ain't no name for il. Say, if you'd jest stay here an' hopen a 'otel wouldn't you do a spankin' business ? My oath !" Nstire Farren, who loved Syduey, and was always happy there during the Australian seasons, now says she would be delighted to end her days peacefully in that town. Nellie's attempt to storm London again lias not been a tremendous success. Max O'Eell has written a play and had it produced in Canada. Max talked of doing this whilst in Australia. He does not appear to have ignited any of tbe rivers over there. We oxpect to live to see Max selling roast chestnuts on a Etreet corner. Ladt Buassey has succeeded in establishing a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Does the infant prodigy on the stage come under this heading, or would it be better dealt with by a society for tbe prevention of cruelty to audiences c The Anti-Sweating League musters strongly in the South Melbourne election. Mauger, Champion and Daglisb are members of that body. Questionable if any of tbe trio has a settled conviction beyond the fact that ^250 a year would be a desirable perquisite. In the Mount Lyell shasS-case Mrs. Dixon, wife of tbe plaintiff, was very happy in her crossexamination. " Did your husband send you any love letters when courting you ?" aBked the quizzical Q.C,. who couldn't believe Dixon's statement that be could neither read nor write. " Ah, I got the best of all love letters," she 6weetly replied ; '•' a good marriage settlement." That compensates for a lot of illiteracy. Sin William Clarke has refused to accept. hi: monetary testimonial which the Victorian Ma. ,ns were raising to do him honour. At his sugges::on the cash will be devoted to founding a Clarke Cottage in connection with the Masonic cha: liable institution. Salomons, the Sydney Q C , advertised throngi] out Australasia by the Dean business, l .iks preternaturally solemn, but occasionally relapses into a joke in the way of business. In a l.-^al cow case said Salomons: "Cows give milk : my learned friend's cane only gives whey." Mr. Frederick Augustus Leslie, who gave himself up as a bigamist the other day, declares that his second wife drove him to take this course by the length and severity of her curtain lectures, which goes to prove that if virtue is its own reward bigamy is its own punishment. f- Me. Maxwell, the barrister, it is rumoured, intends to stand for Maldon at the next general election. He is a pushing young man, »i;h a democratic tendency, but very bigoted on son ral things, notably religion. Debate tbe Scripture with him and bo is at white heat in a moment. The Ilailway Standing Committee has h»oc fined at Bairnsdale for driving at night widn.ut the legally necessary lights. What is a Standing Committeij doing driving, anyhow ? We. are glad of this item of news—it confirms our suspicion that the committee were working in tin. dark. Madame Hlavatsky (tbe boss theosnphist mentor of Judge, just dead, and Mrs. Atinib Besant) was a quoer lot. At seventeen she was married to a man of sixty; at fifty she married a boy of sixteen. Her idea of getting even, w presume. On the day after her 6eeond weddins, her boy husband went howling mad, and is stili confined m an asylum. ' St. James' Gtiz?tle is confident that England will wipe out the present Australian Eleven without turning a hair. St. James' considers it doti". practically. " Never prophesy unless you kno* " is good advice, and Englishmen are not yet in a position to know what the Australians are capable of. Our boys may wake up presently, and if they do they'll wake up old England. Wallace Brown-low soon got tired of gold huhting in Gippsland, and is warbling again with t be Royal Comic Opera Company. The ghost doesn't walk so regularly on a mining field as with Williamson and Musgrove. Wallace, liovti-ver succeeded in " bottoming on the wash." He backed into a tub full of soap sud6 on washm" day in the backyard of a Tambo public-bnus". Editor Punch,—Vour reference to pinrnet Nicholas Oole recalls a good old soul, if ever there was one. He it was who, at a meeting of sfjuatter; held to discuss knocking off feeding swaggoe?, said t bat he would feed them as long as he had a t »i 1 to a sheep. According to the size of his squftltago.fce gave more away in food, money and clothes than many a pistoralist with six times his means — Yours truly,—Jomruck. The chestnut about the policeman and hie tine suburban terrace is likely to get a rest now, displaced by a more up-to-date "goak" tbe opulence of the railway ticket-clerk. We heard it in the Princess' vestibule on Saturday ni«ht. Two young men were discussing a swagger youtfc at the bar. " By Jove !" said one, " be goes tbe pace, flings his money about like water. Wi";, ever is he ? Must be a lucky one from Coolgarilif-' " Or a ticket-clerk on the railways," chipped it the other. Thev have a Dr. Angel- Money in Sydney. What a combination ! Eojmina Variom, Etc. (Dcdiaiicd to ike Princess Ida CIh®- ! She used to be a student, In hat and gown quite toflical. She deeply dipped in treatises On subjects philosophical. She never would participate In feminine frivolity, And thought a course of lecturi Was wild, hilarious jollity. All female fade she looked upon As empty and chimerical. It was her pride to ever be Historic, not historical. One day the fever caught her In tierce embrace Satanical, And cyclomania held her fast In iron clutch tyrannical. She never gives her leisure no>- To matters mathematical, For every waking thought's ah •• .rbed By tires and things pnenma'^cal. She's given up all the ologies, Yet woman-like illogical She breaks herself upon the w) eel Of studies cyc'logical. Kaiser Wilbelm tries to make a show of 1W tbe English, but fails miserably. A! heart® sincerely hates them, and the feeling i? return" with interest, although the British sentime" spiced with ridicule. The Kaiser Mann* f. withered connertnw), hand but and that diseased won't ear wash. on hi. He ; diK'rj queer stock the other way, and dates hi. bad'to* Emperor Paul of Russia, who perhaps had » diseases to the square inch than .'iny " monarch that has ever lived. 'J'as. Prbmier Braddon is not abo-er^ it»iW an incident that cuts against himseif. H e prosecuting a noted burglar at tiie Supremo Court. The accused, with niucl' ness, conducted his own defence, and in th> of his address on the evidence referred to B as "my learned friend." "I object to tM= pertinence," indignantly interjected couhbw judge took accused to task for bis expressing beg the gentleman's pardon," was his J* ' reply, " an' if it is agreeable to your B™ withdraw the word ' learned."' . lint- Lad IS Premiers, of whom 10 are • Mimvfm- 'he ft her day described •i.m a certain case as "facte prepared \ has never removed lier -.;:• i-inco the day it was first placed on • v Prince Albert. . p i c ? of Sir Henry Parkes' Mag m m * i 'i,';i at two guineas, were within three obtainable at two shillings, •i whisper abroad that one big Yic- •::in;r has liad to borrow half-a-imllion Hlionaire 'Tyson to carry him over his i,:barraFsments. . :aui M'llONALn is the la6t ot' the ! ii! ten penwomen who founded the .: n "i" Fever her cfl'icial connection 'with t small talk, society scandal and uriiiL r ,-'•! i:i.T. h , of Brisbane, was the first of v. .inn Victorian Church of England ; t.> break a vow to abstain trom v vt • it'll they had jointly made. Anothei lit \isly cnnbi'lering the step. 11... present South Melbourne election 11;sttV'-r Manger, who is a candidate, and .U,r of bigoted type, exclaimed .ill. I must tell you that I am a party ^ i'>.'' shouted a voice from the rear j v man." The laughter lasted some Hi d whin it subsided Soapy Samuel • r subject. H HIINUOTHAM is to have a monument, ti is- iioinir to build it, Brighton that i Hisrinbotham for Bent. We may ..j.itftph :— represented all the virtues ; lie represented Brighton. . correspondent now lets it out that v.vuld have jumped at the Governorli.er Victoria or New South 'Wales, but .'.-.• i;as- had a sickener with the Canadian mi wn; not prepared to hob-nob with vulvar Kawlonials. Lome isn't at all ;i:iij in England, for his royal relative.' i_'.> snub him fearfully. i k . v m k n t Astkonomkb Ellert, who iy. is s-t:ll practically doing the Observa- 1-ir riie State, tells some curious stories i'Niiijc experiences. On one occasion i- Treat flood of lS'.ll, he got a telegram • unlry farmer as follows: " Stop rain at i .", 1 1-, water in fields. Action for :! h.-tion not taken within 2i hours. • i ' Kllery replied, " Itlin stops within !'.Y." And it did. !.!.!. "Ai,r" Joski'HS once paid very i ]' itchins: up a quarrel one night at ' h ' . i i t s u I I ' s bar. A bitter enemy tapped •In- shoulder. ' Alf.," he said, "let's •i lie friends." "Certainly," cordially 1 : i.i- bookmaker. "Just to cement our ii..:;.'• said the bicker aftera quiet talk, •V ii double. What price Nordenfeldt : \i;.:liOr r ' " itfOOiI to £2.-i." " Right !' 11)1- was a cert. i.i.' 'i is sorrowing. Barrister Cole, '.- >.hl'1h Tax apostle got to stand for and ileytesbury in the Single Tax iiii- i i-aily fumbled over himEelf in his iipii'liate his belief in that spscious iii- :iy an elector tackled him on the I i is .'limli down has irritated the r\ . i^.-tiiis, and Ihpy are bent on tossing t pivement- when the auspicious i* i.:inp-n.!, I'l'i.i respondent savs the Australian to put up at the Tavistock in j.. that house being too costly and g.'Oil for athletes who want to come IT thinks it is not so much u-.-ti-m ,-f iting as drinking, and suggests niuid put up at a cold vater pub., uii'd on all occasions by a teetotal : virulence and force of character, ill be to inveigh against strong 1 oici; during the progress of all nilar festivities. We complain ii having a tail, but even that is ','e lo their having "a head." IliisS [,„. if! i;u- i, LMi.,1 • i. l l n T T O N , the late profane the X.8.W. forces, tells the '.hue that Melbourne is one of ' Jiiavcs in the Empire. This will • -;rii.ve our old friend the Son of i also come as an agreeable surin own people. • in ouite OK. Tbeltuss. "xtrHinely mortified. :i 't disturbing us. •' mind a little fuss :uly fortified, i vl- advances rude •• needful fortitude. ' | 'lays of Barrister TownEend • -tsiiar habit of screwing up his ttr, so, uru;. " p his eyeglass was intensely •' • • us witnesses under cross- I'natioii bv • hu in, On oneoccasion atBallarat, i : match in the poreon of a S'insmitb v, • s iid to give evidence against 'ttumtt's i'iu le; • I'lic veteran, when asking fical rjneHli yo Aouk in-, ii\ed his glass in his eye and tntly t.J ... very eoul of the witness ^lU-r'.iv,,,. ; in 1 whole truth wasbeingtold. •• .itiens, brought forth from his »iiin«d on dinner-plate lines, Mi-stioner through it, gave -iiiiiiar to what the advocate iltmnin I , !a u s-'hter completely upset timt 51 iV """ l ,ro ceedings, and it was pEUaUuri/ U S ( : i l his eye-glass less |e JI'i, ; ~ ' /"'euiainderof that case. By- |plven4 ii' " 1Jick '" ^'erk is o h i e t loti 0[ hn„ ' l ir| ncipally noted for his i,is „ "" anei;dotes . many of which Phil May tells hie frinuds a story against himself. One morning, visiting Covent Garden in quest of types, bo struck a brawny, characteristic coster, just tbe thing ho wanted, and pulling out his sketch book jotted down the man, as bo thought, most, successfully. Presently he was interrupted by his model, who pulled down May's hand, ejaculating .- " Say, gov'ner, er you dror'in' me, cos it yer are I'll stouch yer." " No, r.o," said May ; "oh, dear no, my friend, 1 was sketching another fellow altogether." " Lnt's ses," said the coster, dubiously. Phil showed the picture in fear and trembling, and the coster examined it carefully. "Oh, that's- all right," hesaid; "but it's a good job for vou it weren't me.' Slit Jo'-in Millms, the seriously-ill new president of the liiyal Academy, was, many Australians will be surprised to learn, a Victorian digger contemporary with Lord Salisbury. The artist found the rough life of liallarat and Bendigo in the early fifties hardly to his taste, and speedily returned to England, his stay in this province being much briefer than Salisbury's. Several of Millais' relatives reside in Melbourne, a brotherin-law, Mr. Clement Hodgkinson, at one time having control of the Lands Department. Api- oposoi the custom ot administering the oath to Chinese by causing them to blow out a match. De Courcy Ireland, the barrister and son of the old-time noted legal wit, relates an experience he had in an up country court, An emaciated Celestial stepped into the witness-box, but tbe clerk ot courts hadn't a match for the oath business. Ireland came to the rescue with a large fusee, and when it was lighted the whole concentrated lung power of John was insufficient to extinguish the flame. "All lie! all lie!" said John weakly, " get 'em blandy, me blow then." A neighbouring pub. supplied the liquor, and when the alien had got it off he was able to raise the necessary breath to blow out a vesta. Besides, he was so elated with the brandy that he turned off evidence that gave Ireland's client an easy win. Commissioner " Phil" Glknikter, chatting to an Adelaide man, reckons that Humphrey Oxenhaui makes bigger books than those credited to the Leviathan "Joe" Thompson, who is now betting in England. When Stratlimore won the Y.K.C. Derby Oxenham had a £4-0,out) book. Big figures ! In Mentor's year Glenister wou £20,000 for the owner, and £30,000 for his friends. Carbine landed pretty close on JMO.OOO from the books for Donald Wallace, who on meeting his commissioner said, " Look here, Phil, old boy, don't press the boys, I know they have been badly hit." But the money had been banked before bo spoke. Glenister remembers that when Chester won the Melbourne Cud in '79 he backed .Savannka, the favourite, for IMHOOO! First Water, second in the Cup of '03, carried i'OiiOOO Sydney money. When Carbine won the j C I O O U O Cup six years ago, he backed hira for £40,000, taking for the owner the nice wager of £21,800 to £1020. The year Nada was beaten in the Cup Glenister laid £K3,000 on her. And how did W. B. Wilson go down j Bakon Von Muki.lkh's establishment, at -South Yft-ra is run on strictly male lines. No woman ie engaged therein, and if a female visitor call? there is always a male witness within earshot. * Although there are no women watchmakers aa yet, Melbourne has tbe distinction ot owning the first lady cabman. On the Sydney-road a female j<hu bastes a weary horse with joyous rigour which refreshes the hearts of hurried fares inside the vehicle, and the alert and graceful way wherewith the lady-driver calls out, " lieb, sir?' pushes old-tiin^J cabbies to the verge of distraction. It is said that on his resignation as the Governor's Private Secretary Captain Wellington received a nice little cheque for £3000 in lieu of completing his six years' engagement. Many people consider the popular ex-Private Secretary a fortunate man both in receiving a big sum on the " altogether " principle and being granted so sjreat a remission of many years'toil and trouble. Mas. Tom Whyth, who set the Sth stanzi of the " Passionate Pilgrim " to music, and sang it herself at tbe Shakespeare Anniversary, is the grand-niece of Moore the Irish sculptor, whose he r dw.uvrc was a medallion of Curren, tbe 'awyer, patriot and orator. The incidental music of Tennyson's " (Eione,'' given in honour of Lady Hrassey's reception at tbe Austral Salon last Friday evening, was composed by Mrs. Wliyte in a few days. An undertaker is usually pictured as a lean, grim- visaged individual, with his sense of humour completely stunted by reason of his gruesome occupation. But there is at least one of the fraternity in Melbourne to whom the aforesaid description does not fit. He was at the Melbourne- Geelong football match on Saturday, and met there a butcher friend, who was barracking for the Pivotonians. The merits of the opposing teams were'the subject of some good humoured fun, and iusi to make the result more interesting, the butcher expressed his willingness to back his Fancy for a level sov. ' A s o t . be hanged," retorted tbe funeral caterer. "I'll lay you a coffin to a side of beef, if you like !" The other was not taking any coffins. England versus Austualia. They say—but "they say" is a ranter, Bedizened in blather and boast— The Lion must win in a canter, With Kangaroo left at tbe post. " They say " that Australia's a stiff 'un, But clearly that's nothing but rot; While the team has a bowler like Gifi'en Australia must win by a Trott. Lin-ox Daihn. Mk. Gf.okoe Pkrut is to the Ballarat City Council what " our own Fit?, "was to the Melbourne Corporation. His rotund form, his mincing strut and his capacity for "bossing the show " in municipal matters are so familiar to Ballarat residents that it came in the light of a shock to see in a recent issue of the AvMmhifinn Schoolmaster what puiported to be the likeness of " Geo. Ceny, Esq., Town Clerk of Ballarat." The face was the face of Perry, but alas I the name was " unknown on this beat." The mystery has been explained as due to the undecipherable caligraphy of Mr. Perry, who forwarded his photo., with autograph, as per Royalty ! lie the right of possession of a seat in the theatre after its having been onee occupied. A Melbourne solicitor had a cheerful experience at the old Koyal. He went out during an interval to look at the moon, leaving his wife in the theatre. When he returned lie found a morose stranger in his seat. Explanations, entreaties, expostulations were all in vain, so the ousted one proceeded to extremes and grabbed the intruder. A rough and-tumble followed, and tbe solicitor came out on top, and emerged from the dust cloud towing his enemy by one leg. He dragged the man out, and in his excitement trundled him downstairs and into the street. The lawyer won his seat, and kept it throughout the play; but he was subsequently sued for assault, lost his case, and had to an/c-up as much money as would have bought up every seat in the theatre for a week. Possession is nine points of the law, and selfpossession is the tenth, Mb. Justice Hodges' exposition of the feeling that should exist between employer and employed explains a spirit which is well understood at the bar. " The employer," he says, "ought to say, 'How much can I give this man ?' and the cmjiloye ought to say, ' What service can I render this man?" 1 This principle is followed out by lawyers to perfection. You take an affair and you put it in the hands of your solicitor. He at once says to himself, " How much can I do for this man ?" And, following out that idea, he keeps your case dangling on. Ho consults barristers (who also try to do a6 much as they can for you, and never let you out of their hands as long as they can keep you), and before he has done with you he has given you just as inucb law as you can do with, and more thanyou canwellpayfor. We see clearly enough that it 1 was at the bar that Hodges J. learned the do-as-muoh-asyou-ean theory. The canny workman also understands the same principle pretty well. You 6end for a plumher He comes along. He spendF an hour or two looking round. He says, " Now what can I do for this man ?" It it the Hodges principle. After hB has loafed round he 6ays he hasn't brought his tools with him, and goes back to fetch them. Then he makes the workspin out, and creates a few other little jobs for himself to do before he has finished the one you engaged him for. Then (following out the same Hodges' rule) he says, "How much can I charge this man ?" And he hits the maximum with ease. Oh, it's a fine theory. " All the world's awheel, and men and women are merely pedallers."—Shakespeare overdone, „ i>„r.„-„„ ,„ .. . , •„ 1 » ' s, *'' R .?, re a d d ! n * ™» e l *> f lfilr V' 11 ot tare 1 here will soon be a big booin in freezing chambers between France and the Dark Continent when the A Igerian butcheis finally undertake the supply of the new delicacv. We are told the flesh tastes like href, and looks like veal, at which. of coursH. Victorians rej-iize, because, as we can't he out. of the fashion, the unemployed camels of Coolgardif tuav be utilised hereafter for tbe delight of Melbourne stomachs, and it is well for others to make the first experiment. Jijjnrinientnm fnt hi rorrtre vih. l^t. us sing : — There is something Oriental In the Lutetian palate, Though the hornf Mnd the woiiloii cannot bo despised, With the nourishing lentil And well-seasoned salad, And horse, ass and cat—even rat— fricasseed. What next shall we hear of From the Parisian cuisine After zsihra bmiilli and camel's hump roast'! 1j:ii-.1, may they keep clear of What the savage old dean* Thought a tojthahle morsel, namelv, initial mi toaet ! ! ! 1 D )ac Swift BUR^fiBtei that ilip children of tbe Irish shouli lit* tattPUed for cou- uiuptiou it: tbe Eupli-h market, bill tbe Fiirpri'inq thins w h that in souin quai-cere the fir.iii j >ke was not apim cialcd at its true value. What weie the lady journalists of Melbourne doing in not rallying to the Divorce Court on Tuesday, when a member of their sisterhood obtained a divorce from her husband ? There was not a single penwoman there to even so much as describe the petitioners dress-and she had certainly dressed for the part. Mrs. Layton, the lady in question, is a brunette, goodlooking, and apparently full of a mighty energy, b h ® S av e "sr evidence with as much unconcern a a if she had been dictating a paragraph. Having got her ms,, she just nodded a good-day to tlie l ud g e . ? patronising glance at the reporters (as much as to say, "There, that's bit of good copy for you ;) ), and sauntered out of court with an apparent consciousness of having done a bit of good journalism. Their Lunch Time. Many of the young gentlemen in the Civil Service are terribly concerned because of a mandate recently issued by the Ministry restricting lunch time to the time specified in an old and long discarded regulation, half-an-hour. The young nobility in question have been in the habit of taking any time they " darn well pleased " over their bath bun and skim milk, usually about two hours, and the idea of having to crowd in their victuals in half-an-hour, like a beastly corporation labourer, dontcberknow, fills them with disgust unspeakable :— H It is hard upon a chappie who 16 something of swell To be forced to take his tucker in a paper smelling hammy, And to cart it 00' to " bizness," and his drop of drink as well, And to bolt them in the gardens with indecent hurry, damme 1 He was wont to have a spell oh in the parlour of a pub, Where he smoked his cigarettes, " deah boy," and took it very " aisy " ; Or he hung across the counter, drinking lager " from the tub," And bewitched the tinted barmaid, either riosEy, Flo or Daisy. Then two hours were all too short for him to polish off his crib, And to mash his favourite Hebe, and to do a tiny toddle On The Block, and do his smoking and his liquorings ad lib., And a game or two of pool, and let the barber trim his noddle. Will the Premier kindly tell him how in thirty minutes he Can perform these little functions without crowding them (say bunching) ? Or will he look that regulation up again, and If the half-hour's not for working, mid the ofirrti. • /'"!' I hi"!7 • almu MR. J. MATHIESON. The New Railway Commissioner. 1'hutt. i.i! the wheel.—Bicycle records. ..r.T.'in ttenren Coppin was born in the .'•• ft/|ier M»j-&ty; «h« Queen. v.iimrHlian Parliament, bar W.A., boasts -dourer among its members. , bv tlie sightB to he Been oh Beaconsfield 'i. ibnume dressmakers have been making , . ililt bloomers" lately. ,!t nf the migratory proclivities of miners Hi,] nowcontaius more grass widows • B.,,, foot than any other town in !• Champion, now a candidate for iii'i'irne, was being charged with sedition hp nf the witnesses who gave evidence .. i was William Morris, the eminent poet ''.rthlv Paradise." Sir John Bridge, the •.. U not a mad with a taBte for literature, i r heard of Morris. «'rt'ho are you ?" . My name is William Morris." "And xnu"'' Morris looked rather startled. „V> plied, "1 » m just a man of letters— ! think,' is known wherever the English spoken—that is all." Which was in pa\ ing that the English language "•.... M»kfn in Budge's court. A I'litLnr TEAR DEOP. Tootsies of Trilby Have been and will be Onurted and coddled ; TootsieB departed— Uoys broken-hearted— Trilby has toddled. Hoys of a kidney (>ver in Sydney I/ay at those tootsies ; A mple oblations, Osh adorations, Wealth as of Coutts'. I, .!. \Y. Kiktos, H.L.A., the pride oi UnV\i*it. has a few stereotyped phrases ..'•• ricp into every public utterance of i-'i'v instance: (X.) '• 1 promise to give iii'-ii.-ur.' uiv discriminating support. (2.) i„ i ui=ii to introduce the apple of ,,r,: I'K.j Harmony is what we need at the ... r.: luncture. (4) It is time that federa- 1 :,.•.' brought into the region of practical _ (.-, | I rise with a considerable amount i'llij,.„,.,;.•• These " chestnuts" are trotted out ..-.l'l, unfailing regularity in* Ballarat that j'vi-.vnt A.N.A. meeting,one member said to n,., 1 fiKe Joe Rirton's here to night. I'll vu iialf h crown that he starts on No. !">. Are l-n'- - Never bet on certainties. I happen ku-'iv that Joe's going to speak on Dale's case, i •iiHtV bound to suggest No 2." But both •••• •• tone, tor this was how Mr. Kirton started • Mr. resident. I wish to say that I cannot lidfr.mi this casemy discriminating support, I,,-I, ] f. t-1 that at the present, juncture there is .t.niy-r nl introducing the apple o£ discord by M heated discussion of the question. It is, -refuri'. with a considerable amount of diffidence lit 1 rise to suggest that the resolution be withr;iMl]." siinKi.i.iTi'ii, for one of the divisions of -which units, M l'. (who has been orating in Melbourne), 'sin the House of Commons, is so called because Shore, the paramour of King Richard II.i K>1 in a dii.-.h there. Lowles assumes the air of a vcrv important politician in England, but he sees himself through a magnifying glass. He has only been a number of Varliament a year, and was only fleet,.,,1 ljj- a majority of forty votes over his opponent.,'me former member. He has one good : point, however —i e likes the flavour of Australian tamer because it is Australian. This is something in jliis favour, though if he had better taste he uId also like it because it is good in itself, irrespective of its origin. Sixer, the inception of the South African difficulties, tli.- contributions to one of our morning sontemporaiies, under the nom de plume of ' L'itlandcr." have attracted great public interest, and a? Mr. iliggins, M.L.A., said the other even- "ngiu introducing Mr. Fred G. Samson (Uitlander) Ger-long audience, ho is undoubtedly the [liise.l writer on South African affairs in the •Australian .-.oiunies. Mr. Samson, who is a i'm,. r hut.. red. G. Samson. urnaiitt oi years' experience, has deter- 'led, for to abandon" thepen "f for the ttorm. If!, ture, 'ure, entitled "Allabout South trea/' was ; notified success in Geelong li-limelight views illustrative of 'principal " m - ienta il South African history s a perfect 1 r-velat.cn to the audience. He visit Bend...... iff". Castlemaine, Maryborough d ,^lai ?L itm? the comincr coming^week, week, and and " All All It boutb Africa " Will soon bo the talk of the Not long before leaving Victoria, fjovernor Hopetoun advanced a considerable sum of momy i d mortgage to a tjippsland fanner widely known for his industry and his experiments in agriculture. In a remote N.S.W. district the currency is very much wrapped up with wild pig. There the swine swarm, and to abate the nuisance created n species of poll-tax was levied on the animal, and pigs' "snouts" bore an intrinsic value nf Is. a- piece—the money being paid on demand at the local Treasury. At the same time dingoes' scalps were worth sixpence. Hence the snouts and Bcalps became legal teDder. Hence it was no uncommon thing to see a sundowner call for a whiskey, hand over a snout in payment, and pocket the dingo'6 scalp for " change " in the most unconcerned manner. This is Australian truth. The people who make a fuss on account of being compelled to attend llie Governor's tjueeu's liirthday lere.c in an evening dress suit, if they go at all, are more ru e than sensible. Evening dress is prescribed for such occasions by usage and precedent, and the people who go (io not complain. Probably not a dozen others would go if the rule were otherwise. Dress is a nutter of appropria-eness to circumstances. A man who, on jl hot January day, went on'Cnange in hie pyjunas would be objected to. The people who make a fuss about the .ne dress regulation would complain if any of their employcx went to their ofiiucs in what Carlyle described as Bolivar's cavalry uniform, which consisted of a blanket, rounded off at the (our corners, and with a alit in the centre, through which the head was poked. In this uniform the trooper was " not only dressed, lint, harnessed and drapericd." Once the Duke of Wellington presented himself at a fashionable resort in London, at which knee-breechesandsilk stockings were required to be worn. He waa refvised admission because he had trousers on, although it was known that he was the great Uuke, the hero of Waterloo. And he simply walked away and chd not complain. You do nol go to church in bathing costumes, nor bathe in a top hat and frock coat. It is all a matter of occasion. The victory of the Australians over the English Eleven is certainly a matter for joyful handshaking. After all, the kangaroo's tail is showing that it possesses the right grit to scatter the Britishers wickets, and may we hope that future matches will end as brilliantly. The cocksure critics of the English press must be feeling from this recent display as sictc as a wet hen under a rail, and in future they may be expected to serve up their comments after instead of before the event. ThiB English team that has been smitten so hard by Giffen and "Jonah" Jones is not one to he sneezed at, seeing that it contained playctB of u-.h calibre as A. Ward," Johnny Bnggs, Mold, Sugg. Pougher and Rawlins-noue of them weak-wnated second-raters. The result of the match » doubly gratifying, for it shows that Australia in its young Dlavers—-Donnan, playersand John* ., , Hill, Jones, Darling, Irodale a^rhns- poese'seestne^whocaoJtoMtheiro^ with the best of the Old « orld playere, off, hut both M'Kibliin nor Eady has yet come " Giffeu has » . ^ r .oc )g shown wiai. ocic „ h)le lhc still f a r ^ be.ng a excellent bowling of t h e ' < shows what a daisy he when he, ^g. ^ 6, he seems to ' Z ^ ' Z j ^ i Ton, 0,,r boys have done more t h a n p .^ ^ ^ ^ them, , and , We prospers r<»y lot,lt - Yhtoiiian Statri schools number l!l-Vi, and private schools K.Vi. H'oruier have 2«l.:t21, and th« latter :5s,iii;-> scholars. Thus iMi'.l,:<s:S children are accounted for, and it is rather significant that only l.">0,i\i0 of them attend Sundny school. Two thrilling items of news with reference to Mrs. Brown-Potter are that she is a passionate proficient of the bicycle, and Lhat the part in which she will open her season at the Princess' will he Shakespeare's " liosaliud." Perhaps the fair B. P. trill bring the title of the play up-todate by calling it " As You Bike It." KoiiUHT Ganthont, the well-known English entertainer, once very kindly gave a performance to amuse the inmates ot a lunatic asylum. After he had finished his brilliant monologue entertainment he asked one ot the patients—a woman (•')— what she thought of it. " I think," was the unexpected reply, " that it. is a mystery to me why I should be kept here whilst you are allowed to run round loose." Oanthony sought no more critical opinions from his audience. 