THE STORYTELLER. THE QUEEN OF THE SOTTTHi ? ? -» . ? CHAPTER XLVI. The idea of fulfilling bis contract with Mary Ri u ke, and of thus becoming fairly entitled to the possession of the dangerous documents he sought to recover, never entered Augustus's head. Or if it did, it was only as a synonym f r rain and social degradation of every species, to be avoided at any risk. v. ' . It would indeed have been strange if the wicked youth could have meditated a union with the daughter of the man whom he had just been instrumental in putting on the way to a disgraceful doom. But Augustus knew, besides, that his whole structure of evidence against 3Tred~ erick, and efforts to shield himself from suspicion, would go to pieces if the trath respecting Mary Rourke was discovered. All prospect of obtaining Caroline Sid ney and her wealth would vanish at once, even if no worse followed. And certain it waa — very certain — the pride and avarice of his mother would never pardon such an offence. To do Mary the justice he had promised was therefore a contingency entirely out of his calculations. But how else was he toeffect his pur pose 1 This was the subject of his incessant meditations until he arrived in London. He put up purposely at an obscurerhotel in the city. He ordered a bed, and partook of some refreshments, and true to the minute cun ning of his character,, informed the waiter he was going to the play, and should not return till late, Rourke had given him the direction of the place whither he had forwarded his unhappy daughter. And Augustus, who had been in town previously once or twice with his mother, easily found his way to Mrs. Sellshore's house, in Tothill-street. This matron was a good deal surprised ? not to say startled — when Augustus pre sented himself in her magozine, and in quired if a young woman of the name of Rourke lodged there ? ?* My stars, are you the gintleman that she says is coming up from the country to marry her ?' exclaimed the old woman, evidently in some internal consternation. Augustus was. not very much pleasid with the question. 'I am a son of the clergyman of her parish in the country, and a near relation of her father's late employer, and I come on a solemn and a sorrowful mission to the unfortunate girl,' he replied, with sancti monious gravity. 'The person of whom yon speak has fled the country.' 'I am very glad to hear you say bo, sir. That will bring her to her senses, if any thing can. She's so pufM up with non sensical conceits about her fellow that she won't listen to anybody that tries to do her good in other respects. Is that all the bad news you have, sir V ' Could I flee the poor creature for a few minutes 1' said Augustus. ♦?You needn't call her 'poor,' young gentleman. She seems to have money enough, if it's honestly come by, ?which is what helps to harden her againot common 86OH0*' ?'???' f- flr js very likely, Hen featrayes M at young man who has been treated for year3 as a confidential clerk in a large 'establish- ment, from which he has finally flad with a very considerable sum of money unac counted for,'' said the visitor. 'I masb break the intelligence of his further base ness as well as I can to. the poor, deserted creature. Could I see her?' 'There is nothing to hinder you that I know of — if your eyes are pfettygood, and you go up to the two-pair back; . She iB there with a friend of mine— a lady that's helping to do one or two little things for the expected event. I don't suppose you'll mind her being present, sir, at anything you've got to say? IVwill be beat, because perhaps the young woman might go off in the stericks, or something of that sort, and there's no bell.' Augustus felt that this would never do, and he expressed himself to the effect, though in other words. ' The communication I have to make is of an extremely deliea1^ nature. It would add to her shame an affliction, I have no doubt, if made in the presence of a; third party, however respectable and kindly dis posed towards the poor girl. My 'father, who is a clergyman of her .parish, and would himself, have undertaken the sad task but tar indisposition, expressly, charged me that I should manage it so as 'to leave it entirely at her own will and discretion whom she may afterwards choose, to make' acquainted with the heartrending facts.' ' Rebecca, tell Mrs; Wildgoose to come down, and say that— who ^hall she say wants to see Mary Rourkp, sir V' said Mrs. Sellshore, awed by the tone of the young man. 'Be so good as to say— you had better say that the Rev. Mr. Pophly of Brook's son has called on particular business, and wou'd b^ glad to sea Miss Boutke alone for a few minutes about it. You can add, if you please, that if she would rather not see a person who is indeed almost a total ? stranger to her, so late in the' evening, I will call to-morrow mornit g, or send what I have to say in the form of a letter.' Rebecca, a narrow-browed, pallid-looking girl of fif'-een, listened with eyes nailed firmly on the floor, but with an evidently distressing consciousness that the person speaking to her was of a hit»h and superior class of beings. She ju-3g-d by the fine g'istening broado'oth be wore, and his extremely white linen. Do many of \u who have not con- - templated mankiud all our lives from Tothill-street often form our judgments ' of one another on premises much more pro* found? Rebecca ascended, laden with her me8» sage, which she endeavored, by assiduous cunning, to keep verbatim in her mental repositories until she reached the second pair' back. . 'Miss Rourke, mother says-— no, tho young gentleman says thero's & young gentleman come with a' message wants to see you, if you're at home,' said Rebecca as, fraught with her intelligence} she abruptly pushed open the door of Maty Rourke's room. Mary was seated at a small round table, covered with articles of needlework, in fine flannel and cotton, which an experienced eye would have immediately deteoted to bo the outfit of some tiny cadet of existence about to make its appearance where so many veterans have grasped the prises in vain. Little caps, little bedgowns j all on'SH *—~ , ,'','i' ' - ? ?????? ..????? ???? ?-?? if ? ;,.,;. mother's lavish preparations for the recep tion of her first-born, but would regret a little to have outgrown all hope of wearing habiliments so carefully devised by love for their purpose. Mary was sewing away with a rapidly gleaming needle, at one of these garments. Her face was pale and much thinner than when we last saw her, and her black hair shone the blacker from the contrast, and her large blue eyes were larger than ever, and lit with the unnatural brilliancy of a protracted mental excitement. In remarkable contrast to this industrious and fevered figure, a woman lounged opposite to her in a rude substitute for an arm-chair, sucking jujube. She was either hoaise with talking or with a cold. The former, probably, for it was Mrs. Wildgoose ; but she gave herBelf the credit and the indulgences due to the latter condition.. Rebecca interrupted this excellent woman in the midst of a long argument, which she was reiterating for now about the seventieth time to the patient but -unconvinced Mary. 'lam sure if you had one true friend in the world, Miss Rourke, he or she would say precisely as I do, that it is the very best thing you could possibly do for the child, if it should please heaven you . . get comfortably out of your trouble, and it shputd prove a boy. And if anything should happen to yoursolf — I don't think it likely, for you are a fine, hale young woman, if you do not go on whiniDg and pining so — so much the more. Only think what a comfort. Instead of having~a~poor little helpless, disgraced mortal thrust upon you, to strive and struggle for, for life, there you have it provided for at once. Ay, and splendidly, too.' ' It will be my child, and no one else shall have it and call it hers,' said Mary, with already a jealous sentiment of maternity tingling through her veins, and reddening her pale cheeks. ' Oh, dear me, what nonsense young people talk. To be sure, it will be yourB. And a mighty comfort that will be, won't ., is ? To have a equalling baby fastened . round your neck, like a brick on a drown ing cat's when it's swimming for life. A single woman and a baby to rear. Pray how do you mean to live ? Who will employ . in any honest way a young woman under such circumstances V ' The father will provide for it and me. If not, the good God above us will. I have heard my mother say, many and many's the time, ' where He sends mouths He sends food,'' replied Mary. ' Oh, that's your Irish way of reasoning. You mean potatoes. But you'll hardly be able to earn them for your little one these hard times, especially with the little wretch itself for a drag upon you. I should like to know what you could do to earn your bread with a helpless, squealing creature in -..'. your arms, who would never allow you a moment's peace from morning till night.' Mary trembled a little, but made no . reply. ' Do you think because you have a few Bivereigns now in your pocket , rb at they will last for ever V resumed Fanilda, with aa affected cough. ' Wny, I daresay Mrs. Sellshore's moderate charges have already made quite a hole in your little stock ?' . ' They have, indeed,' said Mary, with a 8'gh, ' I had no idea that everything was .. bo very dear in London — and above all thinge, I did not wish to spend the money I have. Everything seems to me so bad ' that it buys. And don't you thiok, Mrs. , WildgooHS, although lodgings are so dear, .you say, in town, that this room is a little , ^ expetsive at two guineas a week ?' .'T Fanilda glanced round the small, half furnished chamber with an air of reflection. 'Not considering the trouble you give -''?!' — and are to give, you know,' she replied. 'But I am to pay Mrs. Sollshore more when there is a baby — and Rebecca is to have 10-j. a week for being my regular nurse — and you are to have five pounds, ' Mrs. Wildc!oo8P, for attending me in my trouble. Don't you say that is always your charge?' ' Whora parties can afford it — but I shouldn't like to be hard upon you, my dear,' replied the friendly woman. ' Still you can afford it, of course — if, r.s you say, the father of the expected young poreon is ;? very well elf, and really menns to look after you.' ' Do you think it possible he could 'J moan otherwise, Mrs. Wildgoose? After all Lis prufepsions of love — after promising ' to marry ran a thouaano! times. And ho ? only a lifctlo older than myself, aud acknow ' ledgiug that my child is his — which he can ' no more deny than I can to h^its mother?' exclaimed the young girl. She spoke with rouged, passion and eagerness — but with a tinge of doubt and distress in all h«r tones, which did not escape Fatiilda's penetrating observation. 'Do I thick so? After all what? Words, professions, promises, &j.;, &c.; 1 don't stop at thinking, I am sure so. Why, my good soul, if men were euch constant ringdoves, how do you think the streets are kept thronged with miserable, betrayed, deserted women ? I dare say there is hardly one that couldn't tell much such a tale as the one you imagine each an exoep tion in your own case ; men are very de ceitful, dear. Never tni3t one of them without the ring on your finger is my ad vice to all my sex, and then only as far as you can see them.' Was not this balm of Gilead to the sore and wouuded heart it was applied to, under pretext of easing the pang in the core ? Alas, that truth compels a recorder of the sorrows of any section of humanity to confess so many have their root in Us de pravity. ' I am myself a married woman,' con tinued Fanilda, proudly, and rather osten tatiously displayed a broad new gold ring — curiously new, considering that she added ' and have been for fifteen years and upwards, unless my husband's dead — which I don't at all wish, though he tho roughly deserves it for his treatment of me.1 Yet you see I am not in the slightest de gree prejadiced in favor of the men. I know how they behave to the foolish crea tures that place the least confidence in them, and you may depend upon it you will live to acknowledge that all I have said is true.' At this moment Rebecca stumbled in aud made her announcement. At the words 'young gentleman ; mes sage — wants to see Miss Rourke,' Mary's complexion first flushed all over with the liveliest hues of joy. ' Come with a mossage. Only a mes sage. Who does he say he is ?'' ' It is a young gentleman in a beautiful new Wack coat^ ^th a white choker on,' pj-iculated Rebecca, naturally giving first vent to what had most impressed her own mind. ' But what's his name, Miss Sallshore?' exclaimed Mary, wild with anxiety. ' I don't know what his name. is. He'e called on particular business. He wants to bob you ; mother said you was at home, up in your room ; aud I thought she would know if you didn't want to see him.' ' Did he lock at all like a policeman, child ?' s^id Mrs. Wildgoosp, not quite composedly, and rising precipitately as if to take her departure. ' No, he looked like a reverend gentle^ man — not one of our synagogue, but of yourn — like the clothes they buy, for the curates in the country, of mother — only they're good ones.'1 ' What does tho girl moan 1 Did he give no name ?'' exclaimod Mrs. WildgooBe, rallying. At the word policeman Mary started, and for some minutos gisped for breath. She remembered with terror the circum stances of her parting scene with her father. ' He didn't give any name, mum. He said his father was the Ravorend Mr. Pophlin, or some such name as that. I remember it because it was the stuff they make Irish gowns of,' said the girl. - Rebecca was dismayod by the effect of her reminiscence upon Mary Rourke. ' Pophly — Augustus Pophly — is it he V she ejaculated. ' I don't know, rniaa. He didn't say what his other name was,' replied the girl in a frightened tone. ' Is that the young gentleman you ex pect ?'' said Mrs. Wildgoosa, with evident curiosity, and some suppressed disappoint ment. ' No — yes. He comes from Brook. He perhaps brings me some news of my friends,' eaid Mary, wildly, but struck at the same titno with Augustus's evident pre cautions, and with the droad of oompro jnising him in any way -ho might not like. f'Then Bhow bitg up. You can. flay, Rebecca, that there is only a lady—an old friend— upstairs with Miss Rourke. And you can add; if you like, thai I am a little deaf,' said Mr3. Wildgooso, resuming her seat. ' No, he says he must see her alone— his father told him so,' replied the faithful messenger. 'Then no doubt he is the constant Lothario,' said Fanilda, with a sneer that scarcely concealed her vexation. 'Yet really I don't see why I am to be ordered out of my iriend's apartment unless she herself expresses a wish that way — when I shall be all obedience, of course. Do you want poor old Wildgoose to turn out, dear, just when she is resting her weary bones from climbing up those ladder stairs of yours, and getting over her horrid cough ?' ' No, I don't, but Mr. Pophly does,' said Mary, trembling i»H over with anxiety. ' He is a young gentleman from the country and don't like to speak before strangers, and — and — -I dare say he has 'some news he don't want — he don?t want everybody to know.' ' Ob, in that case I suppose I must walk my chalks,' said Mrs. Wildgoose, in a rather offended manner, and with sufficient vulgarity of expression. ' Very well, I can see which way the wind sits. I can tell a hawk from a handsaw, as Hamlet save, when I'm pat upon it. You cin teU Mr. What's-his-name, Rebecca — Mr. Satan no, Mr. Poplin — he can walk up as soon aa he thinks proper, and as' he comes up, I'll go down ; and that's the way -of the world, my dears.' She did not, however, . execute her portion of the maiosav're in the exact relation of the see-saw she had announced herself submissive to. Augusts ascended slowly, but Mr?. Wildgoosei managed to keep her position until he arrived. ' Now mark my words- Mary,' said she, listening tn the hesitating. slops,' ' if that's the man, bs's a sneak, and come to prove himself one.' 'He is not — -he shan't be.:. He dares not, to me. I have the means to force him to keep the word he has sworn to me,' exclaimed Mary, her irritabh blood getting the better of her discretion. ; I 'Well, but don'fc attempt to play off tricks on me, Mary. If it is Mr; Pophly, it isn't Mr. Right still. I know who he i*. And if he is price-less to you, he is Price . to everybody else.' And with that strange riddle of an asser tion on her lips, Mrs. Wildgoose bounded, as if highly indignant, to the door. : She had a meaning, however, -in her pan, which is not always the case with specimens of that shallow species' of wit. The reader will perc-ive that Mrs. Wild goose's ingenuity had already identified the Mary Rourke of Sir Richard Graham's report to her mistress with Mrs. Sellshore'a unlucky lodger of the same name. For reasons with which he shall be subsequently acquainted, Fanilda had carefully con cealed this fact from her mistress, and had persevered more earnestly than ever in her plans on the unborn infant, : which was supposed to have a right to call the grand son of Sir Richard Graham sire. Mrs. Wildgoose was offended, but not so far as to forget what was due to her betters, one of whom Augustus's white cravat and coat of the beat broad-cloth proclaimed him to be. She stood, therefore, on the top of the stairs, respectfully holding the door open for him to enter. But it must be admitted her main olj^ct was to observe the nature of the reception that awaited Liu. ???--??.'? She saw that Mary threw her shawl over the table covered with the articles of tiny wardrobe specified ; that she turned very red and very pUe alternately — that she rose with a very histy and Impulsive gesture, aa Augustus entered, but almost immediately shrunk back aa if in dismay. Augustus's manner was nob such as to encourage any very enthusiastic ebullition of the ieelings. He entered with hi? hat on.stolo a dis pleased glance at the bold, glowering ey* a fixed upon him as he passed- Mrs. Wild goose, and bowing .formallyt hoped he had the pleasure of seeing Miss Rmrke pretty well* ' \- CHAPTER XLYIT. ' It isn't this fellow, certainly,' thought Mrs. Wildgooee, as she groped her way down stairs a?ter Rebecca, making as much noise as she could with her feet, to show that she was raally goiDg. Mrs. Wildgoose was not a good woman, but 8ho had some degree of human feeling. She really could not imagine that this sternly oedato young man wa8 anything more to Mary Rourke than tho son of tho. clergyman of her paribti, i,ho ,-:- ?-- — ; ? ~~t ? f-« a Still what did he come about ? '^???ii ;Mrs. Wildgoose suddenly remembered i, ? Ahat she had forgotten something — Rebecca did not clearly hear what — and she re . tamed on tip-toe, to reclaim her property. , But Augustus Pophly was on his guard, even for this little bit of feminine general w ahjp. It was not easy to steal a march on r ihim. , When Mrs. Wildgooso disappeared, Mary ? -yielding to the natural promptings of her i tenderness and restored hopes, flaw with opened arms to welcome her lover. A gesture of repulse suddenly stopped her. ' Pon't make a fool of yourself. Let us , , see if that staring gipsy woman is gone out \- of hearing, or has only pretended,' said the prudent youth. And, opening the door, he \- found himself almost face to face with Mrs. Wildgoose. . ,, , ' What do you want, good woman?' he angrily inquired. \- .- ' Only— I bf»g pardon— I have dropped v pee of my gloves in the room, I believe,' B&id; Fanilda. And she was a, little startled at the -sudden encounter ; but that did not prevent % her from submitting all she saw to analysis at a glance.' Mary was standing in the middle of the \- .-room, with a strangely repulsed and dis ;?-, comfited look. That was the chief ohange ~, which had taken place. ?- * 'You have both your glove3 or, * ma'am,' returned 'Pophly, in a still more peevish tone. ' No ! have 1 ? Well, of all the curious *.,L things. One would' think I was some L -.wonderfully great genius, I am so absent; -({6£or,at least I will be in a moment, if you ..bwill excuse mo- for the trouble I have given ;. you, sir, and — -— ' ' No apology is necessary. I will light vv.fcyou down,' said Augustus. And he took 'fsrcare to do so, to the very bottom of the -?yo stairs. ... r .???;. . ' Who is that man you have sent up to t-i-etho' girl ?!' said FanSlda, rejoining her s .'.-estimable friend, the mistress of the estab ,„ lishment, in the shop. _?«.;.- -;,' I don't know ; he said his name was Puppily, and that he's the son of some '?i- qlergvmanTr-perhaps ha is one himself,' j-'t'eaid Mrs. Sellshore. i -??' '-No ; he hasn't got quite the right sort if'of oruvat for that. He seems to me neither fi3h, flesh, nor good red herring,' replied -. t Fanilda ; ?. .adding, 'discontentedly, ' but .y-;why did you let him go up, to begin cant ing to her, I suppose? As if she wasn't it'.- obstinate enough already in her fancies.' 't;« ' Oh, no, I~ shouldn't have, only he said ,hi brought her bad newr, so that madam v.-will soon be down in her airs. The young \- , clerk fihe is always boasting of, forsooth, , j who is to come and marry her — I wish she '?.otnay get ifcj . as I always told her — 'has. been obliged to run for his life, and cut the 1 country. He is concerned in some. robbery -io —and that's how she came by her money, ? iJno doubt.' ij 'I could have told her that before — I ?? read all about it in the papers — only I ? didn't* wish to worrit her mind until the Portuguese lady had made her arrange ments,' replied the considerate woman. . . -' Well I should think this will bring . .- her to her senses at last, and she will part : .with the squaller at th«- price numei. Or have you riz it 1' said Mrs. Sillshore. ). 'It was of no us?, or I would have \- made it fifty with pleasure. She is a very v stupid sort of a girl. Bat perhaps, as you -' say, when she finds her hopes about her young clerk are up she may begin to think i and reason like a civilised being, and be . glad enough to be quit of the encumbrance. , If not, Mrs. Sellshore, I am afraid we must u be obliged to adopt your plan after all.' ;' It is by' far the best one,' returned her . , . gossip. 'It is the safest, and the easiest, and the cheapest. We need give her nothing then for the child, and can charge ^ her besides for the burying of it. Wht'n the time arrives she will be glad to take ' anything to do her good, and with a com posing draught', nicely mixed, and repeated , at proper intervale, she'll never know s nothing about anything. And what can ' be easier than to persuade a girl like that, when she cornea to herself in a week or so, that her -infant was born dead, and, of course, was obliged to be buried mean time ?*' 'If it's a boy—if not, she is quite wol ^ come to it, and wo must look out else where,' said the worthy coadjutrix. ' We \- have still a few weeks to find what we ?want, and it will be hard indeed if we ' can't meet with such an article for sale, wi h workhouses, and foundling hospitals, _ and starving creatures, on all sides of us. And boeiclpB nothing could bo more con \ venient than a little box with uir-holes in \- jt, What does it matter if it is shaped like a coffin — to carry it about in? We can have it nicely lined with satin and fine linen, you know, to keep ifc comfortable;' ' And there'll be no risk of discovery— and no whiuings and pinings — at least, to us — and we can keep all the money/' said worthy Mrs. Sellshore. ' You'll be sure and hand the money over when I hand the child ??' she added, with wary earnestti ess. _' 'Quite ! What I am puzzliDg about at preBent is, how you can send me the news fast enough ? I shall ba down at Kingston on-Thames for the next fortnight, you understand, with the lady I told you of, that has just been confined of twins.' 'Lady Graham, didn't you say, that lived at the grand house in Kensington, where I lent you the clothes to go a beg ging to her in ? 'Yea, that's the namet Wasn't it a queer move of her, 'Becca, to icsist upon going down there for her confinement. Of all things in the world, because a dear littlo boy of hers was drownel there ? And to pretend that it eased her mind, too, to see the very place, and think cf her dear lost one, untii heaven sent her another in its place.' ' Two ! Didn't you say she had twins ?' ' Yes,- I did. But you never saw how surprised Sir Richard was, only all the doctors advised him to lot her have ber own way.' ? ' And quite right. I remember before Rebecca was born I longed for pork-ohops, and though my husband was as strict a man in his religion as ever lived ? ' ' Never mind about that just now, Mrs Sallahore. I was thinking whether I had not better try and get the Countess Alvar — bless, me! I ought not to have men tioned the riame — to go and stay at Kings ton, too 1 It will be much more out of the way, and we could more easily pretend to have done without a doctor, under the notion of sending to London for the family one.' 'A capital idea,' said Mrs. Sellshore, laughing. ' You aro a woman, Mrs. Wild goose.- If your head isn't full of inven tions. But you don't stop at that; you carry them oufc, and do 'em, instead of writing them.'' ; 'Well, I'll stay to see what comes of the young parson's visit, and meanwhile, 'Bscca, I should be glad of a little refresh ment. I don't know but that I should like a glass of good 'cream' to- night j for these sort of things, to manage properly, are a great strain on the nerves. I don'i think people could do half the things they do do without some support to nature, 'Becca. It's a poor, milky, wishy-washy sort of thing nature left to herself.' What Mrs. Wildgoose should have said was, that deceit and crime are so alien to our uocorrupted impulses that the stimulus of passion, or of strong liquors, is necessaiy to enable us to get over the restraints of con&ciencs; with any comfort. The gossips were speedily engaged in their libation. Maanwhile, by no means so anncble a ecano ensued up3tairs between Mary Rjurke and her expected lover. As soon as Augustus had shown Mrs. Wildgoose to the foot of the stairs he re turned into the apartment where he had ltfc Mury. 'Now don't go rff into any hysterical t oasenso. My object here is strictly and really one of business with you,' said Augustus, turning upon her a visage, pale and moody, but harshly determined in its expression. ' Of bu' iness, dear Augustus. Business, merely, with mo,' exclaimed Mary, struck to the very heart with the chill of his tone and manner. ' If you begin with any of your senti^ mental cantrips I BhaSl be oft at once. Business, I repeat. What else can there be henceforth betwoen us, after all the dis graceful and horrible facts that have come to light ?' Mary became deadly pale. The thought of her father, and of the ciroumstances under which they had parted, fhshed across her mind. ' What is the matter, Augustus ? What have I done V she said, in faint tones, after a pause. ' It is not what you have done — alto- gether. Though I must Fay I have heard things about you and Frederick lately, which I certainly never expected to heav, and which satisfy me I had by no moans so mnch the honor of your undivided affec tions as you always wanted me to believe,' continued Augustus, while Mary looked afe him in bewildered astonishment. 'What do you mean, Augustus? I dov not understand a word of what you ara saying. I hope I am not going out of my mind with all I have suffered.' 'You would not have very far to go^ perhaps, if you did, women are not gene* rally of such immense intellects. And t like a stupid one much better than a oun* ning one,' returned Apgustus, in the ton* of dogged surliness he had from the first assumed. 'However, people, I suppose, you seem yourself, at least, to imagine) that I ought to do what I can to serve yon and your father too, worthless as he is. And so I intend and will. Do you take in a newspaper here, and read it ?' 'No, Augustus, I have not dared to ask for one. I have been too much engaged, I mean. And the people here don't read at} all ,' f aid Mary, now shaking violently with agitation. . '''?-. ' You haven't dared ! Then I dare say you have a pretty good notion of what I have to communicate, and I need not beat much about the bush.' ' For heaven's sake, what hss hap« psned ?' exclaimed Mary, staggering back to her chair, as if she felt her senses deserting her. -' I can tell the story as I like, then,' thought Augustus. ' I am very sorry,' he continued aloutf, ' that you did not. Had I been yon, sus pecting things, as I am sure you must, I should have done nothing but read tb-* papers. Well, then, your father is taken up for Brick's muidsr, and; the robbery ; anil all the bank notes have been found but one. And that's the one he forced ma to write the promise of marriage od.' Maiy stood like one transfixed to marblf, gBziog in blank horror at the speaker/- Nob vv that the intelligence was unexpected. If; had been dreaded but anticipated by h»t from the moment when her lather poured his ill-gotten gold into her lap. ' Taken up — for the murder of Jam's Brice !' she murmured, and her words seemed like the ghosts of sounds. : ' He i-* in Maidstone gaol. Your friend, Frederick Price, has escaped, but you need place no dependence upon him in future. He is an exile for ever from England under : penalty of the gallows.' ? ' My friend, Frederick Price !' echoed] v Mary, vacantly. ' Yes, it iaall found ouh Your goipgd on with him are the whole talk of th(=» - village,' resumed Augustus. ' ' But Idonr6 complain of tha*, ifc ia nothing to me now. Only it makes your father's forcing me tn write that promise a more shameful piecu of business than ever.' 'Forcing you! Forcing you to writa^ the promise i of marriage ? You did not do it of your own free will, then? Foroedt you, Augustus ?'' ' Can you possibly pretend to think I would do such a foolish thing of my own free will 1 Contrive my own utter ruin,' retorted the wretch, with vicious energy. ' Your ruffianly father stood over me with, his bludgeon, and compelled me to write it. Bat that, I dare say, you know as well as I do.? ?.???? 'He never told ms a word about it. Ibn't; say so, Augustus, unless you wish to kill me,' said poor Mary, in heart-broken' accents, and clasping her bands with a- gesture that would have movpd any one but the young incarnation of selfishness before; her. ' But I do say so. And I should think it shows pretty plainly that he is capable of it, since it turns out he has committed a murder.' ' Is it proved on him, then ? Oh, is it proved on him V faltered the young girl. 'By evidence as clear as daylight'. A witness has come forward who proves ns plainly as possible tbat he and Frederick did it together. But your father was, tha real perpetrator of the crime.'. ' Master Frederick, too. The dear, good young gentleman who took my part when no oce else did. I don't, I can't believe it.' ? ..'?.'.. ',It don't matter what you believe ; the judge and jury will believe fast enou,gh« Ho is your favorite, is he, as well as every body else's %' resumed the wolf at the fi untain-head. ' Well, luckily I have got over- all concern about tbat part of the Effiir. Bat I must insist ou having that shameful piece of paper returned to me, and for ycur father's sake as well as my own.' 'He told me you had given it to. him, of your own voluntary act, ss one of mere justice to me. And you know it if, ^ Augustus — to me, and to your unborn child,' said the hapless girl, pressing hec hands to her bosom, as if to secure eomeg , thing there, a gesture not unnoticed by her ; villainous betrayer. ' He told a lie, then. Unless it is his notion of a voluntary act when you consent to anything rather than have your head . broken to pieces with a shillelagh flourish ing over it.' There was a short pause. ' I know my father Is a violent man, but ? — but, Augustus, had he not provocation , enough in this instance T said Mary, beseechingly. ' And he forced nothiDg from you, dear, but what you had promised hundreds of times — of youc own accord, I am sure — for what power had I to force you — to perform V ' You never believed me, you know it very well. You never expected such im probable nonsense. You only wanted a fair pretext to yield, and I gave it to you.' A fiery blush — a blush of passionate womanly indignation and shame — glowed over Mary's face. . ' And do you say so — you V she replied, in accents tremulous with suppressed feel '. ing. ' Then, heaven witness, I have found my match in baseness and duplicity in the wretch who can insult me by Baying so. Remember, however, Mr. Pophly, that ' obtain yonr promise how I might, or did, I have it, and I will force you to keep i*-, or hold you up to the world for the perjured , villain that you are.' ' You will secure your father's deslruo tion by the same act. Even by retaining -? the document in existence — and of that I come to warn you,' said Augustus, -some- what dismayed by the exhibition cf spirit. 'The noted are all numbered, Mary. But, luckily, all save the one in your possession : were returned by Frederick in a manner that fixes the guilt on him only, so far as regards them. But the police are engaged in the most active search after the one ? missing — and your disappearance from ; Brook has given rise to a suspic'on that you are in possession of a portion of the stolen property. The officers are actively employed in tracing you, and they will in fallibly succeed. Then if they find the : note in your hands, coupled with the ex ' planations I must offer — the decisive prooi, which might else be wanting, is furnished — and It is you who place the rope Tonnd your father's neck.' ' Marry me, then, and I will destroy it ?-.' ' instantly.' 'Marry youl Are you out of your semes, Mary ? Marry the daughter of a man who is in all probability doomed to a felon's disgraceful end. Why, your low birth and poverty alone would make my mother go mad at the very idea. And ? how am I to keep you and the large family you are certain to have if I marry without her consent?' ' Marry me, and I will never ask you for one penny. I will live by the labor of ^,_. my own hands. Marry me, and I will never ask to see you again, so only that you will give my child that claim in law upon you as a father which you cannot deny to ifc in nature.' 'What will be the use of that to you 1 What would be the use of my fettering my self to a woman I should never dara to own 1 I may be forced to marry somebody else for the sake of putting myself above my mother's tyranny ; not for love, I- own. Meanwhile you will bring your father to t the gallows most assuredly if you do not destroy this piece of evidence while you have yet the power.' {?-? 'I shall always have the power,' said Mary, and now, in a strangely calm and resolute tone. ' I carry it about with me here in my bosom, whence it shall never be taken from me but at the sacrifice of my life. My poor father warned me of what you would try to do. Bat I will never part with this while I have my senses about me to retain it. Murder me, if you dare, to Ret it, but you shall never have it \- while th*re is life left In my frame to with hold it.' Augustus glared with rage and baffled cunning at the quarry he had thus driven to bay. 'Yes, murder me,' she continued, with frantic emotion. 'You look quite capable ? of it, and I am willing to die— hoping that if I periah by your hand God will forgive \- me for ever having loved you. But, oh, Augustus, Augustus !' continued the wretched girl, suddenly lapsing from this high toDe to one of almost abject entreaty and despair, 'you can't surely be so cruel. Think what disgrace will rest for ever on our poor child, if it 'sees the light before you have falfilled your oaths, and made _ her, who must so soon be a mother, a wife. Take care if you do that the Father of orphana does not take vengeance on you by Bending you a childless old man to your graye, Qhf feow 6B& ypB wiW* Ifeo Bifo that God has sent you, when a great, rich foreign lord is willing to purchise my baby of me and bring it up as hit. own and his wife's to a title and a large inheritance.' ' What are you racing upon now 1 ' ' Ask the woman of this house — ask that one who passed you on the landing place — if they have not offered me almost any money to part with my infant, if it is a boy, that they may take it to Portugal, and bring it up as a young count there. Ask them.' ' Good heavens, and do you mean to say you have refused such a first-rate offer ?' exclaimed Augustus, furiously. ' I would not sell my child for all the money that could be heaped together to make up a mountain as high as Slievana mon,' returned Mary. ' Then all I can say is, you are a prodi gious fool. But I know it's all a romantic falsehood, cooked up to persuade me what a fine thing it would be to ruin myself completely, in order that I may be pro claimed the father of such an enviable brat, perhaps to be brought in for a share of the suspicions about the murder — for if anyone should see that note all kinds of nonsense will come into people's beads.' 'How can anyone imogine anything against you, Augustus, in the matter T' re turned Mary, gazing with a new and unde fined suspicion rising in her own heart. ' You don't mean to say— surely, you are not so desperately wicked as all that. It cinnot be that you have f itfcened a false accusation upon Master Frederiok to screen yourself!' 'Of course, that wiil be the very first idea — I said so,' muttered Augustus, and there was something so fieridish in his glance that Mary retreated in terror from it. ' Mary,' he resumed, after a consider able pause, during which she eyed him in increasing alarm, 'don't drive me des perate. T muflt have that paper. I will give you all my mother has given me, which is twenty pounds; I will look after you in the fondest and faittaf ullest manner until you are quite restored to your health ; I will provide for you in the best liberal manner the moment I have the mean«-—all, if you will only give me that horrible paper, which, else indeed, and truly, is written in your father's blood.' ' I know what value to place on your promises,' retorted Mary, rallying at these signs of weakness on the part of her assail ant. ' I see very well what kind of wretch you are, when you would have me sell my own flesh and blood that you may be quit of every tio to me. After that, I will not believe a word you say, or can say. And I k(W0 W $9Bbfc, i( t&a; tmtl9 Wejg fejlOWPj yon are quite as likely to want the note to complete the proofs against my father, and bring him to the gallows, as for any other purpose, You shall never even Bee it until I am made your wife, or before judge and jury, when I fling it down to prove your treachery to me.' ' But that you never shall do. The note is stolen. It belongs to our firm, and I will have it back again,' and, frantic with rage, he sprang like a tiger on Mary Rourke, grasping her throat with one hand to stifle her cries, and endeavoring with the other to rifle out the dangerous document, whose place of concealment she had so unadvisedly betrayed. But Mary resisted with frantic strength, though unable to make an outcry. A violent struggle ensued, until suddenly perceiving her grow black in the face, as if suffocating, the wretch was seized with a panic of terror, and relaxed bis hold. Mary then fell like a clod to the ground, and he saw that she was insensible — apparently dead, Knowing that it would be impossible for him to escape the consequencoa by flight, after the clue to his identicy he had so cunningly, as he thought at the time, afforded, Pophly hurriedly determined on another procedure. Too frightened to take advantage of' her now helpless condition, the dastardly ruffian rushed to the top of the stairs and called out loudly for aasistance. Mrs. Wildgoose was almost instantly be side him, and Mrs. Sellshore came puffing and panting after her at the best speed she could command. ' Hasten, my good woman, to the help of the poor creature within,' Augustus ex« claimed, but in a much changed and affable manner. ' I am afraid I have not managed so well as I expected. I have been obliged to communicate to this unfortunate woman that her father and a young man to whom she is attached are ' seized, under circum stances of strong suspicion, on a charge of murder. Pray, lend her some assistance.' Mrs. Wildgoose pushed past him in the midst of the harangue ; and after a mo* ment's hesitation, he would have followed her into the chamber to pretend to lend bis kind aid in raising the prostrate form ; but she returned hastily and shoved him oat of the room. (To be continued,) If you cannot obtain ' Myfa Tea ' in your district, write to D. Mitchell and Co., Clarence Btreet, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at ocoe through the looal storekeeper. If the armies of Europe Bhould march at an eight-mile gait, five abreast, lSin. apart, it would require 9§ dayo for them to paps $ giyen pomt?, 