ATTEMPTED ELOPEMENT IN HIGH LIFE! " SCENE ON A RAILWAY PLATFORM! 1 Good heading, isn't it ? The facts are these. Last Thursday, as the train for Coolgardie was about to leave Kalgoorlie, a fair aboriginal (I know it sounds paradoxical, but it's all right) was seen to rush wildly up to the train and dive into a compartment. Somebody else dived, too—to wit, her "old man," who objected to losing his life's hope, or whatever she was to him For the sympathetic - bystanders soon ascertained that matters stood thmwise. She loved another : that another was in Coolgardie : The " old man " loved her. That settled it. The public-spirited Kalgoorliars weren't going to help to increase Coolgardie's already offensively Urge population by exporting fair or unfair aboriginals, so, in the end, the "old man" triumphed, and, amid heartreniing scenes, the dusky lady was yanked out, off aud away, aud—the train steamed on. Alas and alack-ad&y;! The course of true love never did run srnaoth. Cruel, cruel Kalgoorliars ! Thit " another " is still waiting, like Maritana in the Moated Grange, and if you go along to the Coolgardie station you will find him there—disconsolate, desolate aui deserted. "lis a cold world, my masters. Excuse this tear. Yankeeland is the country ot crazes. The "Trilby" craze, the "bloomer" craze, the bicycle craze, all originated in the States, and now they are engaged in working up—a buttons craze ! Says a New York exchange:—"Everybody almost has got the button craze. It's buttons, buttons and buttons. Girls who want to catch mashers wear catchy buttons. Chaps who are after the girls do likewise, and so it goes on. Here are some of the latest mottoes on buttons :— 4 I'm a bit of a liar myself'; ' Don't be woozy' ; 4 If you love me, grin'; 'I want yer, mah honey, yas I do': 4 Say, lend me a dollar'; 4 You can't lose me, Charlie *; 4 It seems to me your face must hurt'; * This is on me'; 4 You make me tired'; 4 Tell your troubles to a policeman '; 4 You are not the only pebble on the beach' ; 4 Have you a puueture'; 4 It's naughty, but it's nice.'" The neeessary corollary, of course, will be a button-hole craze, but, after all, these fads are all evanescent. There is only one real craze which possesses stamina and novelty all the time, and that is the good old 4 4 drink" craze, which, like 4 the worm," dieth not. And—but excuse me, a man has just come in and wants me to " come out." According to the old rhyme of our 4 nursery days, The young gentleman by the name of Taffy" was a Welshman addicted to a reprehensible practice of mistaking other people's umbrellai and ihings for his own. Let us hope that he eventually repented, reformed, and became a revivalist preacher ; but, anyhow, whether he did or not, it is a well-known fact that the Cjmric race, like their inimitable cousins of Caledonia, cling to their national characteristics like grim death, wherever the force of the tide of circumstance has 4 drifted them to. The Land of Onr Fathers" and the " Welsh rabbit" of commerce are as iuseparable to the Gentile mind as the Evans and the Eistedfodd, and, just as the canny Scot always carries his two great agents of modern civilization — whisky and the bagpipes—with him, so the Welshman leaves his language and his music indelibly impressed upoi the minds of all who have once heard them. [That's quite true. I once heard a termon preached in Borneo by a Welsh missionary who had never learned English or Borne=e, and ht left an indelible imi ression 011 the natives, who got so fond of him that they took him away and he was never heard of again.—ED.] yow that's very good of our nice, kind Editor. You see ? As soon as I told you, along comes someone and confirms it without any fuss. It's so simple. Well, to return to onr matins (ss the monk said when he had chased the goat out of the cloisters), a Welsher in Coolgardie,—no, no, 1 mean a Welsh?«rtn in Coolgardie— asked me to ask the other Welshman in Coolgardie why they don't start an Eisteddfod, and ten- syllable-word songf, and all that. So, Welshmen in Coolgardie, why don't you 7 Griffith wants to know. All travellers by sea know the legend, " Passengers are requested not to speak to tbe ui tn at the wheel." The advent of the motor car in the United States has necessitated the sign, " Do not speak to the motor-man." The other day at Boston a lady who read the notice remarked, " I wonder why not." Then, in winsome voice, she inquired of that functionary, "Why mustn't one talk to the motor-man ? " He told her it was against the rules. 4 1 But why is it against the rules 7" 4 Because it is." 4 Then you don't like to be talked to?" "Oh, yes; but— thunder! I came within an ace of running down that old gent." 4 But I should tbink it would be nice to have somebody to speak to, instead of talking to nobody all day long." 4 4 Lady, you are going to stop talking, or there is going to be a smash-up on this line, and a big one—see ? " " The hateful thing ! Aud I did so want to be sociable like. He's married, I'll bet; he's just like Henry when he's got the paper under his nose." President Faure must either be very hard up for amusement or else trying to qualify for a lunatic asylum. We are informed that he has let loose a horde of criminals by revoking their sentences 4 as a compliment to the Czar." Great Cffisir's ghost! The Czar will feel complimented if one of the released malefactors turns out to be a Nihilist, and manages to blow him up or poison him. And, meantime, the French police forces and people will bless Faure for his faux pas. (Faugh!) One thing is certain. The favorite •ong with French criminals is now sme 4 to be, 4 Faure, he's a iolly good fellow !" The Sublime Porte hasa really sublime way of doing business. The Sultan has now decreed that all Armenians who 4 4 emigrate " without first asking permission will lose, not only their national status (I wonder what that's worth to an Armenian in Turkey), but also their property. Glorious idea! His Nibs first 44 deports " (i.e., does away with) a few dozen wealthy Armenians, and then declares Abdul Hamid sole residuary legatee. Solomon and Daniel can take a back seat as smart meD, and so can Jonathan, I guess. Some time 8 go a Perth contemporary astonished its readers with the somewhat sensational news that the bicycle craze had caught on with the male and female bucolics of the southwestern districts, with the result that in order t o pacify their cravings for a little gentle exercise on the ubiquitous bike, tracks are about to be laid by the sad sea waves at Bunbury, where the staple industry now is the manufacture of bloomers, the demand exceeding the supply— The maidens down at Bunbury Have caught the bloomer crazs. They're riding now on " Humbers. ! ' And are Bkit : ish in their ways. They stun the Bunbury Yolcels, Who at them glances steal ; And ihings are umpt-tee-doodle Bince the darlin's ride a wheel. The girls wot live at Bunbury For bloomer costumes fight. They're mad on riding Zimrnjd In bloomers taut and tight. They weu T the purtiest troufers, Ride bikes of burnished steel, And Banbury's pone clean craey Since the maidens ride a wheel. 