STRANGE MURDER AT RUBY CREEK. & STORY OP THE OLD MINING DATS. (FOE THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.') 9 (Continued. ) i M. . ?' H E I S T IN E i fi} f ® H A L F ° BD ^ I havs M i$M i%5sd 'V53''1 ) ^een a &°°d 1 1 fsBfe i?-S M M met with a W ii good man. MA was 11 °t Vw '. ^ her luck ; she was sold at the 3P a'e eighteen to Mountford x Shalford ' by ner tattier, wno was Killed suortly atcer 'jvards in a tunnel on this very diggings. And here she had spent her days ever eince; and she might as well have been in a madhouse, in fact she often wondered that she had not gone mad, for her life had been a most miserable one. She could not remember her mother, an'd though her father, being a well educated man, had taught her much, she * had learnt -nothing good from him. He ?was penurious in the extreme, and when Shalford, who was then in a good claim, offered him £500 -cash down for the girl he let her go^&s; if she was merely a chattel. They were married by an itinerant parson, and her husband purchased the Digger's Rest, where Bhe was duly in stalled as hostess, and there she had been ever since. In their earlier wedded life things had teen somewhat livelier, for there were then a good many men working on the Creek ; but for the last six years life had been almost unbearable, so dull and colorless had everything become. And now this young fellow had come to awaken in Christine Shalford's breast a passion she had never felt before. She detected her husband, and would not have hesitated to shorten his days could she have seen her way clear to some gain. Dick's appearance had supplied her with a motive, and also a means or escaping the consequences of the crime — should she go that far. However, believing that Dick would stay about the Creek in order to enjoy her society, sho took her husband's taunts lightly, and instead of quarrelling with hhn laughed at him, which irritated him more than back answers would have done. So she went about her trifling house-work in. quite a cheerful mood, while her lazy and jealous consort lay about all day smoking and sleeping, or pretending to Bleep. Dick Gelland did not go near the . Diggers' Rest for nigli upon a week. He had knocked round an old pillar for three | 1 ' days without raising the color, and then on ' the fourth day he dropped upon a little | patch, of seven or eight penny weights, and I the following days made fair wages. He 1 worked by himself, though he had pitched , his tent alongside two old ' hatters/' who were nearly in their dotage. It was on Saturday afternoon that he i again leaned over the bar counter and pressed Mrs. Shalford's hand — for by some lucky chance Shalford was not in the house — and raised her hopes by showing her the gold he had obtained, and hinting that he would stay at the public- house until Monday. He sold the gold to the landlord, who, however, gave him no encouragement to stay ; nor /did- he evince the least pleasure at Dick's good luck. But, watchful as he was, he could not prevent these two con veying by look and sign and whisper a world of pleasurable information to both. Still thera was no crisis. Dick was eautious, and the woman curbed her fiery nature, hoping that in a few weeks her cup of bliss would be full, that Dick would take her away — whither, she neither knew nor cared. So matters went on for nearly three months, Dick contriving to spend the best part of his earnings at the pub. — not in drink, but for rations and in card or domino playing. But it seemed to make no difference in Shalford ; he was just as unsociable, just as suspicious and watch ful. Then Dick began to tire of the mono tonous life he was leading — not of the woman, for as yet he had not secured possession — but of his small earnings — and he resolved to go to Gillespie's. Shalford heard the news with phlegmatic com posure, but his . wife was evidently dis tressed, and he noticed it. 'Your friend will come and see you sometimes ; won't ye, Dick ?' 3 ' I certainly shall, unless you forbid my tisits.' 'Me; why?' \ 'Oh, nothnng particular. There is no * leason why you should ; only you have | never shown me even common civility.' 'Ha, ha! it is my way. No harm done, anyway, is there'?' 'None at all; whatever you may think. I You're a suspicious man, Shalford; but | you have no just .reason to be suspicious of I me.' 'No, indeed!' interjected Mrs. Shal ford. 'That's good. How innocent we are. An. innocent pair; and I'm a devilish good natured, soft-hearted, easy- going old duffer, ain't I ?' said Shalford, sarcastically. 'Don't be a fool, Mountford/' retorted his wife. ! 'No, Tinev, I am not quite a fool, nor Wind. Howsoinever, our young friend here is going to make a pile at Gillespie's, and he'll come along some day and leave some of it here ; or perhaps marry you when I'm gone. So cheer up,old woman, for the good time that's cornin' V' 'Old woman, indeed; who do you call old woman ?' 'Well, Dick, she's — let= me see — some- where about 30, and I'm 50'if I'm a day.' ' Fifty ! I shouldn't have thought it — you don't look it,' said Dick. 'Perhaps not. I've a nibe, amiable, young wife, an' I don't go bulloekin' about, diggin', or sawin', or anything else. Why should I when I have a handsome wife to look after. And she takes me all any time — don't ye, Tiney ?' Shalford was clearly pleased that Dick was going to Gillespie's, and he wient out of the bar actually whistling an old waltz tune that he had learned long years ago. ?The woman darted round the counter and flung her arms around Dick's neck, and in a half moan begged of him to come back to her. Come for me, Dick ! I am here for you at any time. I can't live without you, and if you don't come back soon I'll go to you.' Dick kissed her forehead, as he would have done his sister's. ' Not like that ; I'm a woman, Dick ; kiss me as I deserve to be kissed. I'd sell my soul for you! I'd commit a crime — anything to be with you always. Say you will come back !' ' I will. Now, good bye ! There, there; Trill that do ?' and Dick wrenched himself from her embrace. She watched. him out of the front door, and turning to go into her bedroom, where she could cry alone, she saw her husband standing at the back door smiling grimly. 'Nice, wasn't it? Yery pretty, for a married woman — an eddicated woman, too, as thinks herself a lot too good for her husband ! Oh, yes ; you shall meet again —some day ; only, don't yer see, before you can enjoy him properly I must be out o' the way. Bear that iu mind, Tiuey — I 'must be dead an' gone; for bet yer life upon it I don't let my wife play.me^false.' The woman's tears were gone/and she turned upon him like a tigeress. 'Look here, Mumpby; you're a mean hound ! You drive me to madness by your stupid, lazy ignorance. Take me away; let me see the world; give me some pleasure in life, and I'll repay you by de voting myself to you, though I may not love you. Take me away before Dick comes back, or ? ' ' What ? ' ' Never mind. If you do not, whatever happens will be your fault.' ' Bah ! It suits me to live here — until you're gone, however. As for the youngster, I can easily fix him. If the young fool comes to grief it will be -your, doing. You're older than him — why destroy him ? Let him go — if not, well, the worse for both of you.' ' That is a threat, I see. Well, I defy you ; and I'll put Dick on his guard.' 'Just as you please. Now get the dinner ready and come down from your high-strikes to common everyday life.' The wife obeyed her husband's cynical mandate. Dick Gelland was fortunate enough in getting work with a sluicing company at Gillespie's, and in six months he had saved enough money to take up a lease and unite with others in working it. But before making a start he decided to ride over to Ruby Creek to see Christine, for he had by no means forgotten her, though his ardour had somewhat cooled. As it happened, Shalford was not in — he had gone over to see one of the old hands at his claim. Thus the meeting between the two was exceptionally warm — quite :de'moxLStiratin^-on~her part. . . .. 'They sat for some time forgetful of all the world . but themselves; of her ties, of all consequences; seemed to forget that such a person as Shalford was a living obstacle in their way — and Dick was as thoughtless as Christine. When Shalford came home nothing was amiss, and ho greeted Dick almost friendly. Moreover, he gave them splendid oppor tunities for being together. He even re tired early that night. It was a cold night, and they sat by the fire in the big barn like parlor behind the bar. What happened no one knows. Suffice it to say, they were happy ; happy, even though there must be another parting— unless, indeed, something was done. They might even have planned something, for Shalford was dead asleep and not a sound was heard but the croaking of frogs in the old water-holes. Once Christine tip-toed to her husband's bedroom door. He was fast asleep. Thus they were safe, and no mortal being could hear their soft whispers. Dick was to sleep in a small room on the verandah. She saw him to the door. They kissed each other fondly, and she retired to her own room, to dream of the man she loved so passionately. And then all was still, save, the mono tonous rolling croak of an old-man frog, or the cry of a curlew across the creek. Mrs. Shalford slept late the following morning. The sun was shining 'brightly, when she opened her eyes to a sight which thrilled her through and through, for surely that was Dick standing by her bed side ! And yet she could not believe he would act so brazenly. No; Dick would not do a thing which might cause trouble to her ! She was sorely puzzled, until a voice — her husband's voice — asked : ' How do you like my make-up ?' ' What do you mean ?' she asked, appre hensively. ' What farce is this ? Where is Mr. Gelland ?' ' Mr. Gelland is not well. You had better go and see him. Quick ! Hurry up ! or the poor devil may be dead.' She sprang out of bed and reached for some article of ciothing ; but her husband pushed her towards the door. ' Never mind that. Don't be fastidious, Dick won't mind — not a bit ! Go as you are, before he gives up the ghost.' She hurried to Dick's room, and there on the low stretcher lay the exact counter part of her husband. She retreated in alarm towards the door, then, recovering herself, approached the bed and ex amined the body, for it was no longer the living Dick of her hopes and desires, nothing but a dead, murdered body, with a ghastly pool of blood on the floor, and the crimson fluid still dripping from a fright ful gash which seemed to have almost severed the head from the trunk. The body was lying dressed on the top of the bed, dressed in her husband's clothes, and tiio face — that liandsotne face she had kissed over night — shaved qxiiie clean. Whatever could it mean ? '' (To be Continued.) 