THE GOLDEN ROCK. By ERNEST GLANVILLE, Author ol "The Lost Heiress," "The Fair Colonist," "The Fosslckers," etc. CHAPTER XXXI.— (Continued.) „ As if in response to his shout, a low mu sic broke, thin and monotonous, the strains Irom a native bow. and gradually, as each one o£ the helpless band revived, white and iiorror-etruok, they listened with in- tense relief to these signs of human pre sence. In the grim silence of that room they had begun to think that there was something mnglcal in the manner of their capture, and they would have welcomed any foo in human form rather than think of another visit from the python. The monotonous strain rose' and fell on the heavy air. a sickly vapor sifted in through the cracks in the wall, and sus pense gave way before the torture of thirst which suddenly assailed them, and Klaas shouted out to tho unseen foes to come and kill him. The music rose to a wail, as if in mockery, then receded, grew fainter, died away, was heard again from another point, drew nearer, retreated again, until even Sirayo's Iron nerve broke down under the irritation as he shouted hoarsely. Suddenly, without sound or notice, tho door was darkened by the form of an old woman, black and withered. She looked at the prostrate captives with a mingling of fear and rage, but they looked not at her. but at a calabash on her head, on which glittered a few precious drops of water. Was this to be another mode of torture? No; she moved timidly forward, lifted her calabash from her head, while they followed her movements with glitter ing eyes; then shot a cooling stream into each mouth gaping wide to receive it. Then the old witch stood there talking pas sionately, stretching her skinny arms, pointing now to a door, then at the broad trail of the python. "Silence," said Sirayo, "bring someone here who can listen as well as talk." She shook her lean hand in his face until the bones cracked, then shuffled out, still shrilly grumbling. "I am past all feeling of curiosity," said Webster, as his eyes shifted uneasily round the room; "but I should like to know two things — why that old woman has been cursing us, after giving us water, and what became of the snake." He turned his head to scan the wall. "I have a strange feeling In my bones that those evil eyes are still fixed upon me." Laura shuddered violently, and her dark eyes, looking unnaturally large and bright, glanced about restlessly. "I hope this will soon end," she whispered. "Who would have thought that we could be trapped like this, as though we had no more wits than logs of wood," said Ilurae. "And it was my watch," groaned Web ster. They lapsed once more Into silence, and listened again to the walling of the native instrument, heard a sudden outbreak, the sharp crack of rifles, the shouts of men, the wild din of battle! CHAPTER XXXII.— SIRAYO IN THE PASSAGE. Unmistakably the sounds of battle, and the small Zulu force of marauders must havo come into collision with tbo people of tho valley. It had happened, as Hume had said, up to a certain point; but that point lert them very far short of the possibility of taking advantage of the tight. Whether the Zulus conquered or were defeated, the result could matter llttlo to the ' prisoners in the ruined chamber. They heard, without hope or without fear, the roar of the distant lighting, but what affected them keenly was the wailing of tho native music, which ail along continued to send forth its monotonous cry. They could not understand what was meant by this persistent sound, having in it a wild noto of appeal, but they felt it had a closer bearing on their lives than the din of battle. Presently, however, they became aware that the light was coming nearer. They heard shrill whistling, the occasional sharp crack of a rifle, the deep shouts of Indi vidual warriors, and the loud, continuous roar of conflict. It was evident that one party must he in retreat, but fighting stubbornly. "The Zulus are getting the worst of it," muttered Hume. "If we were only free!" growled Webster; and he made a violent struggle to releaso his hands. "The shouts of victory," said Sirayo, "are from the Zulus." "Tho light is coming this way rapidly. The retreating party will surely make a stand In these ruins — and then — " "Heaven grant it may he short," mut tered Hume. Louder and fiercer grew the shouts, but through it all pierced the thin music, and it, too, came nearer, shrill and despairing — nearer still, until the musician himself ap peared at the door, a wild figure, tricked out with hones and teeth, feathers, and wisps of hair. He stood thoro glaring at them a minute like a wild boast; then, dashing Ills reed instrument to the ground with a yell of rage, ho grasped a small battle- axe that hung from his waist, and, flourishing it about, poured out a flood of denunciation — exactly as tho old woman had done. ' "Good heavens above," growled Webster, "to bo sworn at by a thing like that." There came a wild yell of terror from beyond the walls, a cry several times re peated, there was a rush of many feet, and the triumphant shout of victory from the pursuers. "Yoh!" said Sirayo, while a Budden light leapt to his eyes. The musician was also affected. His eyes rolled, his lips foamed, aud with a scream ho rushed forward. "Hold!" shouted Sirayo, In Zulu. Tho man stood with his axe poised and glared at the chief. "You havo lost your familiar, your pro tecting spirit, tho great snake!" Tho native gnashed his teeth and howled In his fury. "Killed! Thoy have slain It, and now our nation is doomed; but you who caused this shall not escape." "Fool! Would you destroy your friends? The snake Itself fled, though wo were bound, because our fetish Is more power ful." Tho native dropped his arm, and looked half terrified at the eyes that were fixed upon him by the silent and helpless group. There was a sound of men climbing tho wall, of metal striking against the rocks, of tho Zulu war shout, ringing aloud abovo the despairing crlos of their defeated foes. "Release us, dog, before It Is too late," cried Sirayo, hoarsely, wliilo the blood, rushing to his eyes, gavo them an awful appearance as he glured at tho now cowed native. A man appeared at the door, panting, streaming with blood, a broken feather dropping from his hair. He staggered Into the room, and as he advanced, the first native grovelled at his feet, sobbing. Sirayo thrust out his hands, calling out; "Cut those, tho Zulus aro our enemies." The new-comer brushed Ills baud across his brow, and flicked tho blood from his fingers. "Who aro you?" "A chief, like you. Quick— cut; wo can save.you." . There was a fall of stones, tho Zulu cry roso within tho walls. The wounded man, Stooping, severed the tough rh'oims with the sharp, blade of hie stabbing assegai. then drew it across the thongs about the ankles. Sirayo paused a moment to rub his arms, then, rising up, snatched the battle-axe from the still grovelling native and reach ed the door. A moment later tho blade de scended with a crashing blow upon tho head of a Zulu who was rushing in. Stoop ing, the chief snatched the shield from the dead man, and forced his wounded arm througli the band. Up the narrow passage, with eyes gleaming, with a low moaning noise, came a second Zulu. Without a pause he rushed forward, stepped, unheed ing, on tho quivering body, then bounded at Sirayo. Tho fierce onset drove the giant warrior back a few feet, but his shield re ceived the thrust; then lie struck so fierce ly that tho blade remained fixed In the skull, and tho handle was torn from his grasp by the fall or the stricken man. "Mawoh, oh, chief! a stroke for an ox!" came from behind, and Sirayo saw the Gaika at his side. "There is not room for two," said tho chief, as with his toes he grasped the haft of an assegai and lifted It to his hand. "See to the others." "They are free, but they cannot yet stand, their flesh being too soft, and not if iron, like yours," The Gaika stopped and pulled the battle-axe from the skull. "Give me room," growled Sirayo; and Klaas, looking under the chief's arm, saw three Zulus standing in the passage. He drew hack a step, and rubbing his hand in the sand, took a firmer grip of the handle. The Zulus stood a while, with their nos trils quivering at the scent of blood, and their eyes gleaming with satisfaction to. tbinh that one of the fugitives had courage to Taco them. Thoy did not know that it was a warrior from the famous fighting stock of their own nation; but they feared nothing now. "To the death!" cried the first man, and advanced alone, pausing to roll the dead body against the wall. Then he balanced a throwing nssegai and launched it. The narrow blade struck Sirayo's shield full, passed through the tough hide, pierced the forearm of the chief, and struck against his ribs. "A good throw," said the chief, and, bounding forward, drove in his assegai un der his opponent's arm before he could raise his shield. The warrior reeled — then sank to the ground. "To the good death!" cried the se cond man, advancing at once, aud hurl ing himself on Sirayo. he grasped the haft of tho assegai that still protruded from the shield, and pushed fiercely at it. The chief slipped and fell backwards, and with a hoarse shout of tri umph tho enemy lifted his arm' to plunge his weapon into tho broad and naked breast. With an answering shout the Gai ka hurled his battle-axe. It struck the Zulu on the temple and flew high into tho air. The man himself fell with his hands outspread upon Sirayo, and before the chief could struggle to his feet the third Zulu, whirling a heavy knob-kerrie, rushed to avengo the death of his comrades. Sirayo, by a herculean effort, raised the dead body as a shield, warding off the furious blow; then, seizing his assailant by tho leg, ho hurled him against tho wall, when the warrior, shaken by the grim and blood stained figure that rose to confront him, turned and fled with a cry of "Sirayo." Each separate duel had followed with breathless rapidity, and the chief, exhaust ed by his morning's fast nnd suffering from the second wound to his left arm, leant dizzy and faint against the wall, his lips still curling from his white teeth. Tho desperate struggle could not bo re newed by him If the Zulus returned. Al ready there were eager shouts as tho es caped warrior spread the news of the pre sence of Sirayo. Well they knew him from the light at the waggon; and they would esteem it an honor to vanquish him. Mln- gied, too, with the cries of his name were the names of his white companions and of the white lady. What would he her fate when they triumphed, 03 in tho end they must? "By the lord, has a single man done this?" It was Webster who spoke. He had heard the conflict, had seen the first blow ,1.11 ujr ouaju, uuu xuiu ruuoeu iierceiy to bring back the blood to his numbed limbs. "They will come," said Sirayo, speaking slowly; "T will hold them for a time. When I fall, be ready to take my place. The In- kosiknsl — does she live?" "Yes," said Webster, with his eyes brigh tening at the unyielding courage of the savage warrior. "Give her an assegai," he said, and put the point of his blood-stained blade to his throat. Webster shuddered at tho fearful signifi cance of the gesture, then picked up an assegai, and stood waiting with tho Gaika to bar the passage. ' There was a cry from Laura. "Come," she said, "quick." Webster turned with a roar, expecting to face the foe; hut he stood amazed to see the native who had so opportunely arrived to cut their bands disappearing through a hole in the wall. Laura stood by, holding Hume by tho hand, while with tho disen gaged hand she pointed at the hoie. "A refuge," she whispered; "a hiding- place." "Hold the passage a minute, Sirayo," ho cried; then ran to her, and looked through into a dark cavern. "Is It safe?" he asked. "Yes," said Hume, wearily. "The man told me ho had run hero for shelter. Help Laura In." There was a shout from beyond. Laura struggled through; then Webster lifted Hume, and almost shot him in. "Klaas, come." The Gallca looked along the passage, and hesitated. Webstor ran, caught him by the neck, and jammed his head in tho hole, then shoved him through by main force. , "Jim, come in!" cried Laura. He was already advancing to the passage, but ho turned. "I cannot, Laura. Sirayo must come first — or — good- bye!" ho whis pered. "Ah! Heaven protect you," sho whis pered In a choking voice; then cried out, "Jim, hero, take this," and handed out his own revolver! With a fierce shout he rushed to the passage. Sirayo stood with his left arm dangling by his side, the dark blood drip ping from the wide wound, and his form uncovered to tho new foes, who stood at tho far end eyeing him in silence. Webster stepped to his sldo and fired. "Back, chief, hack," ho whispered, and fired -again, the Zulus ut once retiring be fore tills unexpected attack. "Now," ho said, "come;" hut Sirayo stood glaring boforo him, his nostrils expanded. Placing his arm around the chief's waist, Webster lifted him from his foot and staggered Into tho room. "Through," he said, sternly, pointing to tho hole; "If not, I die with you." Sirayo rushed to the door, hurled the assegai down tho passage with a wild shout, then, returning, struggled through the hole, fearfully dragging his wounded arm In the effort. Then Webster wriggled through, and tho heavy stone was lifted and pushed back. CHAPTER XXXIII— A PLAN. Thoy had entered a narrow chamber into which tho light streamed through nume rous cracks, sulflclent to bring every ob ject into dim relief. For soveral minutes the little hand, snatched from certain death at tho last moment, stood anxiously listen ing to tho movoiuents of their enemies, scarcely daring to hopo that their hiding place would not be immediately detectod, then, with a sigli of relief, they grasped each other's hands and peered about them. At ono corner of tho room was tho old woman who had first vlsitod them, mixing something in a stone dish; near her crouched the witch doctor, with his head bent in a state of utter dejection, while, with his back to tlio wall and his eye3 fixed upon the woman, leant tile warrior whose prompt action had so timely released the captives. Sirayo was seated on the floor, with the Gaika endeavoring to staunch the blood that still trickled down his arm. Hume stood with his hands to his eyes, having torn off tho bandage. which, in its sundrled state, had Increased his torture, his face looking haggard and white. As her eyes, growing accustomed to the darkness, dwelt upon his pathetic ac tion and noticed the signs of suffering in. his face, Laura realised what he must have endured through tho long hours of dark ness. She moved to his side and gently took his arm, the tears gathering in her eyes. The old woman roso up, washed away tho blood from the warrior of her own race, then anointed the wounds with tho preparation on which she had been engaged, and over the wounds so treated laid a thin leaf peeled from a- large bulbous root. Tno man turned away, and took a deep draught of water from a calabash, tho gurgling noise breaking strangely on tho silence. Sirayo stood up, and thrust his arm be fore the old woman, and she, without a word, buslod herself with it, probing it with hor skinny lingers to see if the bone were broken, and giving a satisfied grunt when she found It was sound. Moving tho limb under a streamer of sunlight, and bidding Klaas support it, sho washed out tho wound, then brought tho gaping end's together, and stitched them with a dried thorn of mimosa and sinews. She spread ointment on the wound, and bound the arm up with a curious fragment cut from a long strip stretched along the wall. With tho same material she mado a sling for his arm, then, with a dry chuckle, dis missed him, and cast a questioning gazo at tho others. Seeing, from tho expression of Hume's face, that ho was the only othor needing hor attention, she stepped to his side, drew his hand away, and with glittering eyes, peered -into - his mutilated face. Then, roughly pushing Laura aside, she drew him to the' light, and again scrutinised him, while tile others looked on in silence, subdued by the confidence In her own power of this old and withered savage. She whispered to tho crouching man, and he submissively brought her first a calabash of water, with which sho moisten ed the blackened and Inflamed lids, then some vegetable which sho began to chew, making, with her almost toothless gums, awful grimaces. Then, taking the masti cated pulp, she spread it over tho lids, stretched on them leaves from the bulb, and with tho handkerchief made a ban dage. Hume had submitted with a strange patience, and, now that the operation was over, stood with his face in the light. Laura stole to his side again. "Do you feel any relief?" sho murmured. "Hush," whispered Webster. They heard a sharp exclamation outside. Those who stood near the wall peeped through the crack and saw a Zulu standing in the centre of the vacated chamber look ing around him curiously. There was a fierce hiss, and the Zulu, with a cry of alarm, darted off, while the old woman opened wide her mouth In a silent laugh, and cracked hor fingers. Sho it was who had made this noiso. Thoy heard a sound o£ men leaping to the ground, and a distant shouting, gradu ally-sinking to a contused murmur. "They have' gone," said Sirayo. "Old mother, havo you any food?" The old dame responded not very amiably but nt an authoritative order from her own chief she disappeared through a narrow opening, hitherto hidden in the gloom, into another apartment, while, at tho prospect of food, the men brightened up. A man may soon become indifferent to danger, but custom never dulls the edge of hunger, so that many a man condemned to death has breakfasted heartily a few minutes be fore the hour set forth for his execution. The fare laid before them was not tempt ing, but they ate tho food ravenously, and felt the better for It. Laura retired Into tho other compartment, after somewhat timidly eyeing the old woman, and tho strange crono followed her, mumbling and smiling as well as hor toothless gums would permit at this new typo of feminine beauty, Tho natives prepared to sleep, that ap pearing to them the most natural alterna tive, hut tho developed nerves of the civi lised whites rebelled against such indul gence at such a time. Hume leant against me wan wnu 111s arms . lomea, putting a few whispered questions to Webster, who restlessly moved up and down, as though pacing the bridge. "I want to get out of this place," ho growled. 'It Isn't natural — It's cramped dark, uncanny, with tho dried skin of a ! snako on tho wall, and in its ovli- smelling i corners tho lurking superstition of a mys- j terlous and bloody past. If we stay here we'll deserve the worst kind of ill-luck." "How largo aro these ruins?" "About 50 yards across, but with a mul titude of passages colling round the contro chamber, from which wo escaped into this hole, which, I tnko it, lies between tho first curve of the passage and tho inner chamber." "Then, if the Zulus, knowing we are con cealed somewhere in the pile, made a systematic search, they must find us?" "Certainly; and' knowing we wore in tho inner chamber they will begin their search from that point, and discover our hiding- place at once." "Would it not bo best, then, to find out what the Zulus are about?" "Good; anything to get out of this placo. I'd better get out tho way I squeezed In. Where's tho porthole — the loose stone?" "Stop; Jim, you must not go; you're too clumsy for thl3 work, Klaas!" "Siour!" "We are In great danger hero. To get free wo need the help of a brave man, a man who can move softly, and uso his eyes and oars well. You are he." "Eweh, Inkoso, I am that man." "You will get out of tills- place, and, keeping yourself concealed, see where tho Zulus are and . what they do." ' "I will do it," and ho fixed tho point of his assegai In a crack In tho wall where the moveable stone was fixed. "Stay," said Hume, "I havo been think ing. There must ho nnotbor outlet. Tho woman was here wlion wo entered; I heard her voice, She must have crept In by another way after bringing us water when wo were bound." "I never thought of that," muttered Webster. ICIaas spoke a word to tho witch doctor, aud, nt tho sullen reply, removed a strip of hide in the corner, slipped through a help, and disappeared. There was an exclamation from Laura, and sho came swiftly in holding one of tho rifles. "Look," she said, "I have found all our guns and belongings." Webstor caught the rifle and opened the bre'ech. "Loaded! All, now we're all right." Hume sighed heavily. "Do your eyes pain you still?" sho asked, gently. "No; but to ho blind nt such a time as thlB. It ts that. Good heavens! If I could only seo n little— a vory llttlB." She looked Into his faco, and, with a curious thrill, saw that the tears wore streaming down his checks. Sho took hlB hand nnd pattod it. "I am not weeping," he said, with a ghost of a smile, "but the treatmont of bho old woman makes my eyes water." (To bo continued.) 