'THE CURSE OF ::7' When the Goverameni, in direct and flagrant contravention of the clear and explicit provisions of the Public Ser vice Act, transferred Mr. T. A. Cogh lan, one of the' three Commissioners entrusted with the administration of that Act, to what was deceptively termed a 'temporary position on the Land and Income Tax Board (already, be it noted, provided with its statutory trio of Commissioners), Troth, in a leading article, under the above head ing, ventured to ask : — How is it that Mr Ooghlan has become so suddenly indispensable to almost every im portant branch of the Public Service? Has ho craftily retrenched all able men out of the Civil Service, in order to make himself indis pensable ? Although appointed to the office of Government Statistician by Sir George Dibbs, lie seems to have -been virtually running the country ever since Mr Reid came into office. Ho is the power behind the political throne, t'hb Great Panjandrum -of our public life, whoso baleful shape carries confusion and dismay throughout the Civil Service, and whose pertinacious personality persistently predominates in every Department of the State. Mr Coghlan is practically Premier of this country. He is the intellectual ghost of Mr Reid, and the political1 wet-nurse of a Ministry supposed to be imbned with the fear of God. and endowed from-Heaven. . lb Reid can never make a financial statement or a taxation proposal without calling upon the ubiquitous Coghlan to support him. If any of his wild and reckless 'statements are chal lenged, he triumphantly retorts, 'Coghlan says so !' and he never ventures to make a statement concerning Land, Income, or Cus toms Taxation except it be ' according to Coghlan,' who is always the , joker which the 'Wriggler' has ever np his sleeve ready to trump his opponent's trick. The article from which the foregoing quotation is made was published in August last, a little - more than two months ago. Since then the. country has been thoroughly ' Goghlanised ' (if we may be permitted tb' coin' a' strange word to express an extraordi nary condition of things) by the sub jection of its citizens to a system, of ex tortionate taxation, such as the world has never seen since the days of Dane ' Gelt or King Charles the First's fatal sfup-money. Mr. Coghlan has within the last two months beenvputting into active operation those theories of Land 'Value Taxation with which he has been indoctrinating Mr. Reid during the past two years. The Premier, and for the matter of that, the whole Cabinet, are so many puppets iu the hands of Coghlan. At their instigation, a servile and ignorant Parliament has virtually surrendered the supreme prerogative of taxation into the hands of Coghlan ; the people have been handed ever to the tender mercies of Coghlan ; and, as a result, the whole Commonwealth groans grievously under the heavy, karraesing 'Curse of Coghlan.-' Concerning the precise character and extent of this Coghlan Curse, the columns of the -Sydney -Press have been affording ample and graphic testimony during the past week- They have literally teemed with- complaints against the system of land value assess ments npon which the Taxation Com missioners propose to levy the Land Tax. These complaints are not solely from Protectionist opponents of the Government, or anonymous Free traders ; on the contrary, the majority of them are from avowed and hitherto staunch supporters of Mr. Reid and his Freetrade- direcb-taxation policy. But they protest that, if Freetrade is only to be made a means towards an end, and that end the sinister one of robbing them Under the nimfe' of Direct 'faSiiflon, they cannot, and will not, support Freetrade, which in tke bands'Of 'Mr. Reid and Ws tag rag-and-bojptail following has come to mean ' free plunder ' under the' guise of a grossly extortionate tax. They -have publicly stated, by the score, that sooner than calmly submit to have their substance ' Coghlanised ' away , from them by means of an out rageous tax: — miscalled a Land Value Tax — they will- protect' themselves by rallying' to the side of the ^Protection ists. Whether they, would-, he morally justified in thus ^turning them political coats with a view to protesting their, material interests, is, perhaps, a mat ter of fine casuistry ; hut that they have been politically swindled, and are about to be pecuniar ly robbed by those in whom they have placed their political trust, none, who .have perused the. record of . their grievances in the public Press, can reasonably doubt. This record reads like the doings of some Turkish' Pasha or To if, who, in order to Batisfy the demandB of the seraglio, and retain ilk! Pacl^&lic; by the influence of Haram hduiis; Jiys' the Sultan'a subjects under tribute even to the extent of confiscate ing their copper- cookine-pans. This , , scheme of Land ' Value Taxation — according to Coghlan— is ' Reid's method of fulfilling 'ijia -pledge to initiate, a scheme of equitable taxation by ' taking the burdens off the shoul ders of .themjjor and placing them on the shouldert nest able to bear them.' ? It is, in short, in attempt an the 'part of -a political satrap to placate his .masters ; it is P-reniier. Reid's method of meriting a continuance of the sup port of the Single-Taxers and Labor members whom he pretends to lead, but by whom ho is, in truth, daily driven from pillar to post. Reid' is a sort of shaky political Sultan in the midst of a howling Democracy; Coghlan is his Grand Vizier, and the Labor ' Caucus ' his janissaries. How far the system of taxation initiated and applied under their joint sanction resembles the Turkish sys tem of extortion can be best judged by Borne of the protests published within the last few days -in the metro politan Freetrade Press. Here are a few samples out of a multitude of such : — Sir, — I bought a piece of land, with house on at Manly Beach, 18 months ago, for £550 ; now the. Government valuation for the land only is £1,4000.-1 am, etc., L. M. Pattinson. Sir,— Perhaps it may be of public interest to state that I received my land-tax papers, in which seven acres of land on the Lonpruo ville-road, North Shore, are valued a't. £700. This land I sold the day betore for £50, as I could get no more for it. — Yours, etc., A. Shadlee. Sir,— My land-tax paper informs me that my land is improving in valne. Here is a sample. Land bought in boom times r No. 1 block, cost price £14 2s Gd, land-tax price £100 ; No. 2 Block, cost price,' £160, land-tax price, £495. I will be pleased if the valua tors will buy me out at cost price. — Yours, etc., j. Fleming. October 26. Sir,— I have just received an assessment paper for a few allotments of land in the township of Berrigan. The property in question has been in the hands of the local auctioneer for the last five or six months for sale, with a reserve of £50 on 'it. The Go vernment assessor puts the value down at £382. By what abstruse calculations the tax-assessor arrived at his estimate. of»the value of the land I know not. — Yours, e$c., 1 C. ti'.T. . ' Sir,— I vrave a email spaoe 4n' your valuable journal to expose the falsity of the taxation of the Commissioners. I hold land and a cottage in' West Enfield ; a home and land 100 x 150, now rented at £50 per annum. I also own land and property in North Sydney, all. occupied, and would be glad to receive all or any part for half of the rate at which it has been valued for taxation. I am a pro nounced Freetrader, but if things are allowed to go on like this I will bo into Protection ? Yours, etc., James Bbemker. Sir,— There is a ghastly Illogicality in the method adopted by the Commissioners. For instanoe, a tax- payer conscientiously places the unimproved value of his property at, say, £1000. The land-tax assessor toots along, values it at £600. Result: Tax -payer is assessed , on his own valuation, viz., £1000. If, however, the land- tak assessor had rained it at £1200, the Commissioners wonld have assessed him at £1200. In other words, they accept the increased bat not the decreased valne; ergo, they only rely on their own officer. when he increases. — Yours, ete., Lex. Sir,— Noticing , various complaints about land assessments, I herewith beg to give sems of my sxperienoa' of Government valuations that, I think, will 'toko the cake.' In 1884 when the sngar industry was booming on the Richmond River, and land was at itshighest price, the Government resumed three acres of land through three conditional purchases of mine, situate in'the parish of Coraki, for the purpose of a road. . For this resumption they allowed me 5s 'per acre, stating that to be the value of the said 'land, and they wonld not pay more. Now note the difference. For taxation purposes they have assessed this same land at £6 per sure: Question: Has the unimproved valne of this land increased 2300 per cent? Are the valuators incom petent,- or' is the Government acting— well, to put it mild— unfairly f — Yours, eto., Wi. T. Yeagee. Sir.— I havo paid 12 years' municipal taxes and. am charged about six years' Water and Sewerage Board's tones upon a suburban allotment, for which I paid in the -first instance £101 10s. It has. never fetched me in one penny. ' The land-ton valuers say its unimproved present value is £169 3s 4d — nearly double the capital value of the muni cipaltossessbrs. I will sell for mnch less, and also give free deeds. I have also in the same municipality a paddock of lj acre, for which I receive' £2 12s per annum, and pay muniei pM .ratot pf 3s Id. The land-tax valuers make this lot surrounded by one f enoe into two lots, and give its unimproved value 'at' £742 10s, so I most pay fhe'-land ton of £3 in pgF'jUmnm and the munioipal tax of 3s Id per andnm— i.e., £3 4s Id out of a.rental of £2 12s. Hurrah for FrsetradecnmLabofcnm Socialistio Government. — Yours, etc., ^ 1 J. H. Mttbbay. Now, these are only a Teiy ,few\ of the very- many protests from' Free-, traders, which the Freetrade ^ress, supporting the Government respon sible for'-- his iniquitous system ' of legalised blackmail, have been reluc tantly compelled to pnblish through fear that the protestors 'would seek publicity elsewhere. Sad there .not ?been an ' Australian Star,' or '.iBul- *letin' or even a Truth in Sydney there is 1 not ? the ' slightest ' doubt that a great number, iffnot the' whole - of these pro tests would] Juwe. been suppressed. But' there they are . npvtr before the public, , in all their naked .hideousness, and revealing a deliberate scheme of. gross extortion' ? concocted by Coghlan in cold blood, and mercilessly applied by Reid and his myrmidons' regardless of equity, law and justice. ' So gross and palpable are. the wrong and. injustice inflicted by these assessment* of alleged Land Fia7ue«'that ReH)'# own supporters, : dreadinpr - the indrrnation * -e i - 7* « of incensed constituents, 'are beginning to 'turn dog ' Jpn him for doing that which they nrgedhim to,do,.-and have hitherto baicked him up 'in' - doing. The Hogues, the Lonsdales, the'OLiriKS, the. Afflecks it hoe genus Often*, who scrambled into^PRrtiament 'dlyiging 1 6 Reid's political' '-coat-tAils; lustily hurrahing for '.Land andlucdme Tax,' now pretend to be pained at 'the very thought that -he .should give them, and their ? constituents ? what ' they have clamored for so long. The fact is, now that they find their constituents do not relish a swingeing alleged Land Value Tax, they quake in their poli tical shoes,, and drsad the loss of their 6eats ; they- tremble lest they should ? lose their Parliamentary stipends, that being about the only part of the fiscal 'question that gives them any serious, concent. Meanwhile, what has become of Mr. S filler, the mucli-belauded expert whom we enticed over from South Australia to teach us how to assess and levy land, and income taxes ? Was it to work such confusion and to land us in such a morass of muddle that we, like the -Macedonian to St. Paul, literally, besought him 'to come over and help us ? ' Surely not. No ; and so far as can be gathered from our experience of his abilities since he first came amongst us, Mr. Spillee, if not exactly 'the chap to save the country,' is precisely the man to have saved the country all the turmoil and trouble which the ' Coghlaneries ' of Mrr REiD and his colleagues in the Cabinet have entailed. But unfbr tunatdly, he, , too, seems to have been ' Coghlanised ' out of effective official existence, by being relegated 'into the' background of harmless perfunctory functions. The ' Curse of Coghlan ' seems to have overtaken 'the sapient Spiller, and to have as effectually crushed and paralysed him even as it did the late lamented Mr. %, C. Eraser, the retrenched Under- Secretary for Justice. The shelving of Mr. Spiller has hitherto '.remained shrouded -in ?mystery. But . tjie . .matter xentainh--a: mystery no longer. In theTeading article already quoted from, Truth, in August last, deliberately averred : The country is becoming sick of Coghlan, and is beginning to inquire, what has become of the sapient Spiller?. Here was an expert, specially imported, at a big salary, from Sonth Australia to do the work at the Land and Income Tax Board, which the Premier now tells the country nono but Coghlan is com petent to perform. How comes -it. that Spiller's stock has -fallen so suddenly in the market ? Has Coghlan ' cooked his gooie ? ' It is said that Coghlan can't fcear.-a rival near-: the throne, and that, since, tliwtiGod'fearing, but most damnably ignorant and Incompetent, Ministry cameihto offico he has managed to mate himself so AndispsnifibleVand-to- acquire suoh an overwhelming influence, thatohs. vir tually roles. the- Cahinet, -and, -trqrongh the Cabinet, tho Civil Stovioe,— ' ? . Since these -words warp. - written qrill published .Coghlan .has beea getting in some of his peculiarly fine work in the way of1 taxation experiments,' with ^he result that the 'country is sicker.' thau ever of CoGHLAN and his worke, as.the columns of . the Freetrqde , press , daily testify. 1 But the why and the' where-' fore of his.temporary-translation from the, Public Service Bbard 'te ? the -Tax- : ation Board, -yet ireqiAiris to be - ex plained. ? inyhM'Spill^^^ed'&'t^- self ' or been' suppressed ?'(. . there, been any , all^iuUon''^-.'i^luj^ten^y. ' or malk fides ? Ato Then ibhy -.has- he. been Coglamised ? -. Sitnplyt because r he[ could, not or would nofmdntfactitre ia bogus surplus for-' Mr ,-i Reid !' Thatherp- - in lies the' secret of 'CbGHLAN'p 'Wur|ia-; tion of the expert Spiller's functions there is scarcely room for donbt. At any rate, this is the opinion that is fast forming itself iflto definite shape in the public mind, as is proved by numerous letters appearing in the public prfess, from one of which tne following significant e'xeerpit is taken ~ I am a widow, deriving my/only income' frqm land, whioh ie let at,'£71 per'anrium,';$5' of which has/to be paid' as interest. in 'con.', ditianal purchases. The, said land, ft'tarm of. 360 acres, is improved to th wemouBWof- fnom £700 tp £800. Now, fhe Government ha* valued this at £2 . 10s. 'per afro (uniinproved : value), ;arid.taxed me .accordingly. .'.Whereas thotonghlyimptovedland'hasbeen'sellihgat: less than'that-a'inount, and ' if Twete' to offer mine for sale I oould'not get the amount updn whioh-I am taxed. -Then if we are taxed- -oh the unimproved yalne of jland, I wonld ask,' not .' where the' : improvement* come in, hilt where, are they left ontf Possibly . the com-: missiomtrs have^rated it higher onactohnt of it being exceptionally, ? good gritoing.ijaiid,' owingto my1 late husband havihghadht withTSnglish grassesV'whioh I hhke as.-one'Oft' the improvertehts. ahd an expensive, one, toh/ Of cdnrse. we.-havfi .the right tb. anpesl, J»ut j that T 'oahn'ot nffofd to do, ; so, likeiriany more - in a . similar position, I must pay the taxi' hn ?just though it lbs. I have toad and hearfia greatdeal about- Mr. Reid's -enrpluB. -Yes; no .doubt he will -have a surplus / ground .out. of the soanty. ptoses , of i unfortunates - lilte. myself.' . . . , V.' : What this widow ., publicly, states, -a great many other .people privately think; and that they are correct in their snrmises may be easily proved. While Mr. llad was ' booming his' Land Value Tax scheme on town and country platforms, and boasting in Parliament that he would derive front that tax alone something like £850,000 to £800,000, he viae speaking as Coghlan- ta ught him, and Quoting Coghlan' s fantastic figures. ' %' ' ' ' ? '-v- ' ? B.ut when Mr. Spiller — the man who had initiated and controlled the Land and Income Tax policy of South. Aus tralia—arrived, he somewhat staggered our genial'j jolly and fat Premier by in forming him teat the Land Tax; oh U .ljBgituhiate-aissessmieht of Unimproved Values, ? would not .- produce any thing like £250,000, and that, jndgi&g; from oarefal preliminary, calculations, the Land Tax wodld not yield mnch more than £150,000. 'But,' pro tested Mr. Reid,:' Coghlan says it will give me, at .least, £250,000, aud it is upon that assurance that I have, esti mated my paper surplus. I have pro mised-. a surplus ; and you, Mr. Spiller, predict a deficit. Nevertheless,' I must have a surplus,- and if .you can't make one, Coghlan can, and Mil have to be called in to do the job.' The shrewd and cautious Spiller could merely shrug his shoulders and resign himself to 6eeing Coghlan called in. Coghlan has been called in ; and with what results the public are only now beginning to dis cover. WTiat with the aid of Single Tax assessors or valuators, and the alleged arbitrary conduct of the Taxation Commissioners in increasing many, of the assessments sent in by their own assessors, it looks very much as if Mr. Reid will, by the grace of Crghlan, get his surplus by hook or by Crook. Truth publicly charges the Commissioners with having, of them own arbitrary bnt unwarranted will, enormously ? increased some of the asssessments sent in by the duly appointed assessors ; and hereby solemnly challenges ' the Commis sioners to deny and disprove! the allegation, either through the medium of Parliament, or the public press. Meantime, now that public attention has been directed to, and public indig nation aroused against the jda6tardly dodgery resorted to at the expense of the taxpayers .to' -provide the Premier with a surplus . of plunder, it behoves the Opposition- in the, Assembly to decide What course they will adopt in -flrderiomelieyg the., public from this ' Curse* of Coghlan.' ' Nothing but a drastic motion of censure would seem to meet the circumstances of the case, and if the Opposition were alive and alert, such a motion would be tabled immediately the Mouse reassembles oh Tuesday. For the Opposition to remain apathetic and inert would be to condone the in famous taxation tyranny which the present Government have set up, and are even now seeking to perpetuate.. Such a condonation of such a flagitious abase of political power would d- prive the condoners . of the .confidence and support, of all hohest and upright men who now look to them for protection and . redress. . Let the Opposition beware, lest they, too, be overtaken, 'blighted And blasted by the allpervad ing ' Curae of Coghlan.' ; 