QUEENSFERRY MINISTERING CHILDREN'S LEAGUE. The monthly meetingoftheabove league was held at Queensfeny on Wednesday evening, the attendance not being as large as might be expected. After singing a hymn, s prayer was offered, and then our president addressed a few kind helpful words to the children. Mrs. Cracknel! and her little choir of children then .rendered " The old home songs," which met with thorough appreciation. MissGertie Read's recitation, "Jack's Sulks," was well received. A Scotch song, no matter what nationality prej dominates in an audience, is usually received with enthusiasm, and Mr. Stewart's Bonny brier bush" was no exception to the rule, after which Miss Ellie M'Intosh pointed a moral in the story of " Toodle-too," a bonnie cock robin so proud of his tail that he got on a fence to show it a off to better advantage, when alas ! for poor robin's vanity and foolish ness, old tabby came over the wall and quickly despatched him. Mrs. Cracknell's rence ing of " Ben Bolt," the pathetic little bailad which du Maurier's " Trilby" has brought into note of late, was well received, and it was followed by JUr. Sussex's humorous recitation " The tale of a A ™ sisti «g Misses Ethel and^lw/Mflntpdh, and,our wee friend Miss Doris M'Gowan, sang a pretty little song, " I bought a dolly," receiving hearty and welldeserved applause. Then Miss Read recited "The dead doll." Miss Mabel is the happy possessor of a good memory, and kept our interest well sustained till the closing lines of her story of the poor dolly who was so hurt by her mistress's neglect that " She died of a broken heart, And a dreadful crack in her head." Richard's address to his officers" was a stirring and eloquent appeal in Mr. Sussex's usual efficient manner. It was followed with another song by Mrs. Cracknell and the children. Perhaps the gem of the evening was the next item, our President's reading of a selection from Mark Twain's "Innocent's Abroad." Miss Lily Hardingham contributed a song, " The Crossing Sweepers," which was nicely sung and well chosen, its concluding lines, "do unto others as you would that they to you should do," seeming to harmonise nicely with the spirit of our league. Mr. Sussex's recitation, " Maiy's Ghost," if some what gruesome, was very amusing, and was duly appreciated.. Our programme was then brought to a close by a song from Mrs. Cracknell, deserved vote of thanks to our President, which was cordially given, and a few words of thanks having been spoken in response, the evening's entertainment was concluded with the " National Anthem. An intimation of the next League meeting contained the pleasing news that our late Home Missionary, Mr. Robbins, would preside thereat, and deliver a lecture on " Heads and Faces," suitable songs and recitations being interspersed. Further particulars ot this meeting will, how ever, be furnished later on. It may be observed what a dearth there is of the masculine element in the names on our programme. What has happened to our boys ? Are they thoroughly convinced of the superiority of the gentler sex that they retire from the field altogether ? That would be a sad state of affairs! Let us hope that by the next meeting I they will have fortified themselves with a little of that much needed element commonly known by the name of moral courage 1 