The Storyteller. ST. JOSEPH'S LILY. By Una Roe, Author of "The J&YSTERIOCS; \VhISPER." Chapter XIV.—(Continued.) PHILOMENA. jTib not in vain this poor dull earth, 'tis not in vain, Not all our grief dies nothing worth, but lives Again. A day, a glorious day shall dawn Ab the night closes, And we sjiali find the crown of thorns A crown of roses. —John Littlejohn. " Everything that is good and fair, and sweet." " Ah, I know she is all that; but I refer to the state of her health just now. She lias failed so much lately, she is easily tired, and gets that hectic fiush on her cheek so often. The doctors advised me to bring her here for change of air, but she mends tpo sfowly to satisfy me. It ajl arose from a slight cold she caught last winter. She makes light of it, and strives to appear better than she really is to save me anxiety. I am desperately uneasy about her. Tell me what you think, Martin." " I think you pre too anxious for one thing. Wait patiently, she will be herself again after a week of this fresh country air. Believe an old man's prophecy. You two will walk down the hill of life hand in hand, and see your children's children to the fourth generation. Now I imagine that your wife is growing anxious; those roses are deepening on her cheek at the expecta tion of your return. How much she loves you, Lai; I call it flagrant idolatory. No wonder you shudder at the bare possibility of losing such a pure, devout worshipper ; but I believe the idolatory is mutual, and you are both worth it. Come, Lai, let us walk fast—it grows dark." "Will you come in, Martin? We have no visitors to-night." " No, thanks. I promised to call on Minnie. I will come to-morrow." " When do you leave York, Martin ?" " In two days; Constance expects me home then." "Is Mrs. Hesketh in league with you regarding your demand of to-day ? Your wish to have and hold Mena ?" " Not at all; never dreams that I could be so audacious. Well, Lai, I will call in to-morrow to see you and your lovely wife, and above all, my dear little Mena." Lawrence found Bridget alone in the sitting-room. Bridget was the guest of the O'Connors for the few weeks that Eileen was in York, and a very helpful, kind com panion Bridget proved. The children were enchanted with her, 01 by her. Even the wicked baby condescending to be quiet on her lap, while Mesia ran to auntie with every tale and trouble. " What! are you alone, Bridget ?" ex claimed Lawrence, coming in. " And actually engaged on some delicate lace work, when we ordinary mortals cannot see our hands before us." " Then how did you know I had lace work in my hands ?" "Because I can distinguish a white object, and I know you have been manu facturing cobweb lace for Mena's frock for the last few clays. Where is Eileen ?" " She is putting the children to bed, Law rence ; the baby is restless, and will not go to sleep. She will soon come in, I dare say." "Yes, Bridget. I have heard to-day that a celebrated eye doctor has arrived .in Perth. When we go home I shall ask him to examine your eyes, if you will allow me. It has been a secret ambition of mine to do something for you in that way, if possible. If anything can be done to restore your sight I feel certain that this man will do it." " Oh, Lawrence, how good you are ! But I fear it is a hopeless case. The doctors in Ireland assured me that I would never see again." " Medical science has advanced with giant strides since you were in Ireland, Bridget. Dr. Malcolm has cured more hopeless cases than yours ; I have great confidence in his skill. Dear Bridget, you shall see as well as any of us yet. You shall see the woods and fields of Australia and the faces of all who are near and dear to you." " I would give the world to see your face, Lawrence—yours and the children's. I can remember dear father's and Eileen's. Oh, I have a great joy to hope for now." " I will use all my effort, Bridget, that you may not be disappointed. But pray do not imagine that I am an out and out handsome fellow; a hero of your ideal. I am hut a commonplace individual, with a fair share of good looks, I believe. No thing wonderful." " Eileen tells me a different tale." " Oh, Eily; she exaggerates. She is afflicted with a worse blindness than yours, dear Bridget. Love is blind—Eily sees no imperfections in me, as I see none in her. I think I will go and persuade her to leave the habies and come to tea." Eileen sat by Mena's cot, with the "youngest child on her knee, singing to him • in a low, sfreet voice, while the urchin listened with wide-opened eyes and would not go to deep. Mena was sound asleep wi£h her ugly doll beside her, one little fot hand clutched the medal of Our Lady, which was fastened pound Mena's neck. The mother was so deeply absorbed in her busy thoughts that she looked up surprised when- her husband entered the room. He took a chair beside her, and glanced down at Master Patrick. " Are you better, my darling ? " he asked of his wife. "Do you really find this Yprk air is beneficial to you ?" " Yes, dear Lawrence, I feel better every day. That long drive I had this afternoon made nie quite like my old self ; it did Mena good, too. How soundly she sleeps, dear little thing. Is she not very pretty, Lawrence ?" " Certainly, Madam Crow, your children are the loveliest in the universe. I have no doubt Mena's perfections are set off by the contrast with Juliana, that wooden image, is not even possible. What do you say if I steal Juliana, commit her to a felon's death in the back attic, and replace her by a new beauty of the doll race ?" " No, Lawrence." And she put her hand on his arm. " Mena would cry her eyes out, and refuse to be comforted. Love is her rilling passion just now, and love is blind." "Just what I was saying to Bridget. We were discussing the infatuation of someone I know in regard to myself." And he stroked her hair, and kissed her forehead. " Bridget thinks you are quite right of course, and so do I." " You are not ugly like Juliana, Law rence. But if you were it would be all the same. God only knows how dear you are to me, dear, and every day dearer." And she returned his kiss with a passionate fondness, and laid her head on his shoul der. He drew her close to him, while the baby Patrick, looked up in their faces winking and blinking, and curling his fingers about his mother's stray curls. " So are you dear to me, Eileen, inexpressibly dear. I have not been very happy lately, my wife, for the shadow of agreat fear has been over me, that I should lose you, Eileen, that we should be separated by death." " But I am better, I am so much better, Lawrence, I am well nowr. You must not let that fear oppress you any more. With the blessing of God we shall yet be to gether many, many years. These children of ours must be trained and brought up to fill their places well in this world and the next." "We shall not have much trouble with Mena," said Lawrence. " No; but Paddy will tax our energies, I think, Lai. I often wonder how he came by his terrible temper and obstinate dispo sition. You are not bad- tempered, and you say I have a mild disposition." " Yes, my dear wife, but you must know that Pat is neither you nor me, but himself, quite a distinct individual. Well, we can only trust in God and do our best. If you were to die, Eily, and leave me, I verily believe that I should follow you to the grave, and what would become of our mor tals ?" " I am not going to die, not just yet. Baby is asleep at last; let me go, dear Lawrence, and lay him down and just give him a few of those kisses you are bestowing so lavishly on me. One would think I was dead already." He let her go, and stood waiting and watching as loth to go from her presence. " Lai," said his wife, " if you will go in to the dining-room to Bridget, I will follow shortly, when I make myself presen table. Either you or Paddy has pulled all my ribbon out of knots and made my hair untidy." " Are you tired of me already, Eileen ? I have only been here ten minutes." "Lai, you deserve to be punished for saying such a thing. Tired of you! Never. But I think Bridget will be tired waiting for both of us so long." " I must have one last look at Mena," said Lawrence. " Eileen, say that Mena had a bright prospect of becoming an heiress, to be the petted favorite of rich people who would adopt her, would you let her go r" " Lawrence ! My dear little Mena. I could not ever dream of such a catastrophe. Ah, you were joking, I know. You have not thought of any such thing, have you, dear husband ? You are saying this to try me 1J" And Eileen's voice was choked with tears, and she clasped Lawrence's neck, and looked up in his face. " There, there," said he, kissiug her. "Of course I only said it to try you. I could not give her up, I would die first. I am sorry to have pained you so much. We will never part with one of our treasures. Dear Eileen, forgive me for saying a word about it." " Oh, you may be sure, you are too easily forgiven, sir," said she. " Now we have waked her." And down on her knees went the mother to soothe the little girl with twenty caresses and assurances that she would never send her away from mamma. "Or Juliana iver, mamma. See so dood —she never kies." And Eileen promised to keep Juliana for ever, whereupon Mena composed herself to sleep with a sweet smile, and Eileen repaired to the tea table with her own sweet smile, to shed gladness over her hus band's heart. He saw he was quite for given. When Mr. Hesketh returned to his home beside the Swan he told Constance that both Lawrence and Eileen were well and very happy. "And so they ought to be," said he, " when tliey hare so many of the good things of this world—but they cling to their riches. I wanted L^l to give us Mena, and he would not listen to my pmposaL" \- I should think not, Martin. I am sure that you did not dare to make your proposi tion to the mother. What could you exppct but a refusal ?" "I do not despair," said Martin. "When they have a houseful of mortal^, they may be glad to haveMena well established. It is the greatest dpgire of niy heart to possess Phftomena! My dear Constance, I think of you more than of myself, you look sad at times. Sad recollections arise, and you are lonely in this quiet house by the river. This child would be the angel of our fire side, as £ said to Lawrence. She is young, and would he with us all the longer, and Minnie would come and be her governess." " Edmund may marry." " Possibly ; but he is young yet—not twenty." " You were not quite twenty-four when you married, Martin." Martin laughed and kissed her. " Well, dear, if Edmund meets with a stumbling block as I did, and loves as I did, as I do, I will not answer for the con sequences. Even so, I prefer this Mena. She is Lawrence's child; she resembles Edith in so many ways. That sunshine fairy would banish for ever the shadows which even now at odd times form the memory of the coal-scuttle skeleton, and make us both sad. What ? tears ! Con stance, it was far from my intention to pain you. Dry them quickly; I will never allude to the skeleton again. We will celebrate his solemn obsequies to-day, and bury him out of sight—out of mind." " Martin, does that shadow still blight your happiness ? Is there a ghost of the past yet haunting you, dear husband ? If so blame me, reproach me as you will, when you will, but do not shut me out from your confidence. Let me, if I can, chase the clouds away." Martin turned to her with a look of in effable tenderness. "There shall never be the mist of a barrier between thee and me. The sorrows we have known have been turned to our advantage. The thorns hai e blossomed into roses. So let us thank God." (To be Continued.) 