JilKELETS. Young husband : " Why do you object to tobacco'?" Yciuhg wifje: "Because it's a poison." Young husband : " But it's a slow poison." Young wiftf : " That's my objec tion." „ . . Proved. — Husband: "I don't seowhyit wub necessary to call the doctor when tlie baby had only a trifling cougli." Wifo: " Well, dear, I asked the doctor, and he said I did right." "How nraoli was that diamond ornament you had stolen from you worth ?" asked tho theatrical interviewer, " Fifteen columns," answorcd tho actress, absent- mindedly. Missionary : " Surely you remember Mr. Twaddles, who preached tho Gospel to your tribe 10 years ago ?" - Savago Chief : " Oh, yes! I remember him very well. He was delicious/' She: "And. .you/ really attended the Queon's recoption in London. Tho men, I suppose, Btand uncovered in the presence of royaltv P" " Yos. hut not to the same extent as the women'" Cholly : " Yas3 ; I twied to play golf last summer, but .1 gave it up when I was hit on tho head and knocked silly." Maud: Indbod, that's too bad ; and oan tlie doctors do nothing for you ?". "Wheeler A ('And don't you think the' bicyclo will ever bo used in warfare?" Walker: ."No, I doubt if it ever will get further than its present status, as a more instrument for assault and battery." Slio : "I was afraid you wero going to kisB me then, you pursed up your lips so." He : " Oh, no ; I wouldn't dare do that. I merely had some sand in my mouth. - She (disgustedly) : " Don't take it out. It may get into your system." "Madam, ".said the now boarder, '.'onoof your family, came very near dying last night." " Indeed. . . I was not aware jffiat anyono was ill. Who was it ?" " Tho man in the room next to mine who played the cornet till 3 a.m. He stopped just in time to save his life." , Tho Hamlot of the company was fighting with .tlio Ghost. Polonius and Laertes refused to make up until their two weeks' back pay was forthcoming; and Ophelia was, in tears : over- tho real and unexpected loss of nearly a pint of paste diamonds. ' Ladies and gentlemen," said tlio manager, stepping in front of the curtain and ad dressing the scattered auditors liofore him, " I regret to say that owing to circus tan trums, over which I have no control, there will bo n'o performance," &o.; Mr. Slopor came in tho other day and told Mrs. Sloper all about Mrs. Bloomer's new bioycle suit. " It was great," lie said ; " it had a skirt that came up to about hor knees, and trousors underneath. Tho skirt wasn't ono of thoso full tilings, you know ; it was roal scant. Then there were log gings nnd low shoes juBt tho samo colour as the suit — a sort of dusty brown. And tlio leggings " "What sort of a bat did slio wear ?" interrupted Mrs. Sloper. Mr. Sloper was silent for an instant. Then — " I didn't look at her lint,"' he said. 