WVeslcyaa Clrlhrclh llillyersiry. The anniversary of the local Wesleyan Church was celebrated on Sunday last in the Mechanica' Instltutt, and passed off very successfully. The preacher for the day was the ltev. C. Doley, who ban been supplying here during the vactleon at Queen's College, and who is about to return there. In the morning the text chosen wos Acts I-8. Rleference was made to the de pression and its effects upon the Christian Church, There is a want of hopefulness s amongst Christians and a rensdency to think that the ditiiculctie surrounding the work are too great to be overcome. There is therefore a wane of the aggressive, hopeful spirit so essential to success. A contrast was then made between the conditions of the church now and when it was first started. Then the people were ignorant even of the nature of Christ's kingdom, and besides, they hadl much to unlearn owing to their previous traititg. Their mission was to witness for Jesus anti proclaim Him to be the true Messiah, and under the circumstances this was a tremendous undertaking.. The great. nessof the work engaged inl is proved by the opposition received both from Jews and Engans, and bitter and constant was the persecution met with. Then the instru menta used were of the lowliest character. Men possessing neither wealth, great in luence, military Iwers, nour culture, and these had to engage in' this work. Truly they needed power, and this was promiseod in the text. They sought the power and after success proved how sufficient it was, for at the very place which Christ was cru. cied, in otne year there were no less than lO.000 converts to the faith. Think of their difficulties and how different is our position to-day. Our trainisgis all helpful in under standing the true nature of Christ's king. dom. T here is anwabundance of machinery at hand.., We enter upon work which h has been proved to be: of,bnefit to 'all classes and coudiitions of men, and it is helped by wealth,'mon of inlluence an:l-culttre, But we sneed power, the machinery needs steam to drive:tt. For this power we are driven back to the power given to the first disciplesi the power of the Holy Ghost. 1'We need to sday the -Holy Ghst to come into the church as a fire to burn up the dross ;'as a teacher, as a comforter, and to supply, the :motive power of love. The promise is.for us.;:Seek it and o'tain it, and success will crown our work. - - . in the afternoon a.children's service was held. The text was "tVatch," Mark XtLL-37. lReference'was made to the conneciion of the t.xt with th. coiltest ehth refers to Ohrist's coming again to the" earth. Therefore we nee:d to be prepared. The children were urged to: watch their words, appetites, thoughts, conscience, and heart. Tie suhjsct for the evening was.the prats lng of the widow's son at Naln, Luke VI[-lt. 15\. Thesubject presented many lessons for young men. In the narrative there were various characters introduced. Onlookers; the dead young man, tile bearers, the sorrow. Ing mother, and Jews it the way to give life to the dead., It was pointed out that these uharacters might be introduced into many young men's lives. There are friends, ac quaintances, .relations and parents ever watching to see what the outcome of our life will be. But these onlookers are powerless. The dlecision of the course of life rests upon eachl one personally.,.Thlen great .sorrow wtould be caused by the thought that here wnsayoung man dei&.. Toe achievements of young men and the jbowers they possess to dou God's work was referred to; anod the sorrowful fact was referred to thlat there are many young men who are spiritually dead, They are bound down by the grand clothes of envy, s?ltihdnss, evil lusts and pride, and thuro is impurity arising from the deadness of the spiritual powers, Then the bearers of unbelief, indecision, had conpanionshlp. and evil habits quickly carry such to destruc lion. There was n sorrowing mother there, and there are many mothers grieving over the sia of their sons. But Jesus was in the way and while the mother wept he steopped forward, and the crowd stood still, .In that critical mometnt the all powerful words were spoken " Young man I say unto thee arise.'" So Jesus says to ilt now " arise."-- and his command conveys' power to obey. Jesus wants to give life, and this will cause de vu'opment and eternal again. The- singing of the children was a pleasant feature of thei Services, and all seemed pleased with their efforts, " THE TEA.MEETING. - On Wednesday evening a tean and public meeting was held in the [eehanics' Insti. tute nal proved a success financially and otherwise. The hall was decorated with flowers and the table contaiueri abundance of good things to which' ample justice was done. The wants of those present were well attended to by several ladies of the congre. gation. After the tables had been cleared the public meeting was proceeded with. Tihe Rev. . . Cauntnam occupied the chair anti the programme opened with a hymn " The Banner of the Cross" whish was sung by the children. under the cnnductorshid of the Rev.,C. Doley, whilst Miss Tulloch offilcated atthe organ. Other selections were also very creditably rendered during the evening by the children. A pinoforte duct " La Samsnambula" was ofllciently played by the Misses rvting and A. Purdue. "Anchored" and "A Soldier and a mas" were respectively sang by Messrs Doley and Hiason ;the same gentlemen also sang a duet " Larboard Watch:' and on each occasion received hearty applause. iMrs. Petty also contri buted two songs which were highly appricia. ted. Recitations were given by tile Rlev. C. Doley, who rendered " The women of Muamble's Head" withll much effect, and by Masters Popham, Tulloch and Dusting and Elsie Click. After SMr Wilson had sung a song for which he received applause;, Miss Dwyer played a pianoforte overture and acquitted herselft in an. acomplished man. ner. Several dialogues were also creditably given by the chiildren and 'Johony Schbmo ker's band" was imitated by twelve boys. The Rev; McDonald delivered an address on 'giving hbut want of space prevents us from reporting ,It. The, accompaniments were ably played by Miss Irving, A vote of thanks wan accorded to all who assisted in the'annlversary. The proceeds, together with the collections on Sunday amounted to about all.- -- " 