ST. ANDREW’S KIRK. Last night the Rev. T. R. Cairns preached from the words, “He was a good man, full of the Holy Ghost and of faith,” Acts IL., 24. The rev. gentleman said the words were peculiarly Applicable to him whom all monrued. To him the loss by Mr Kennedy’s death was the more severe because of their intimate association here and in the old country. They had lived in the same county, within 20 miles of one another, and though they bad not become acquainted until their meeting in Ballarat many years ago his brother and Mr Kennedy had Btudied together for the ministry, and had been licensed at the same time, so that he had had many opportunities of learning hia worth. The studenta in the oollege .in which Mr Kennedy was trained were full of the missionary spirit, and did a good work away in a densely crowded district where they maintained a missionary who waa ap pointed from amongst themaelveß at the close of hia course in the college. The post was valued, and aB it became vacant just as Mr Kennedy finished hia course, he was appointed, and labored for five years in a place cut off from the associations of hia own church. ' He entered upon the work with enthusiasm and devotedness, ■ and left behind him mosv fragrant memories. In this colony he had been stationed at Creawick and Donald, and at the latter place hia healih broke down absolutely, and he was compelled to quit the active ministry. One ofttimeß wondered at the dispensations of God’s providence, which laid aside men of generous, devoted, Chris tian spirit, while othere, wanting, perhaps in those elements most essential to minis terial work, continued in their old grooves. Mr Kennedy began bis preaching during the great revival of 1859, and he personally recol lected scenes during that revival whioh pro bably had not been equalled since the day of Pentecoßt—men and women by hundreds led to God, and many men who to-day were carrying the gospel to their feUow men dated their entry into God’s..service from that revival. Mr Kennedy throughout his life was full of sympathy towards everything of an evangelioal character and calculated to draw men to God. When nnablo longer to eogaga in church Work Mr Kennedy gave his time to education, and there had grown up a oollege which was a credit to the city aud the colony. The purest religions atmosphere prevailed there, and the truest, finest, best, and most sacred influence waa that which came from the pronounced religious cha racter of the whole household. Numhera of young people and their parentß thanked God for the influence which Mr Kennedy’s Btead fast Christian life had exercised over them. Their departed friend was ever ready to do a kindly action or render a service to anyone in need. He woe a man of unceasing prayer, earnest in every religions movement, anxious that religion, pure and undefiled, Bhould prevail, jealous for the sanctity of tho Sabbath, and the only thing that irritated him was the tendency of some men to criti cise the Word of God and raise difficulties regarding its inspiration. God had taken him early from his work; he would be missed in his home, in the ohnrcb, in the religious society of the city, and by many in private intercourse. They had lost a wise counsellor and a good friend, the influence of whose life would remain w«th them 88 l° n <s as they themselves were permitted to re main on earth. The pulpit was draped in mourning for tha occasion. 