CDNSECRATINGABISHOE^ MAHER, OF PORT AITGUSTA, The translation of Dr.O'Reilyto the ofAdelMde left vacant Ui0 Augusta. Ea^fhis and'on Sand*y,_April 26, the new Bishop was eonfceeratedas St. Erafccis Elmer's Cathedral, An jntuitialiiig coincidence is that the. new Bishop was consecrated exactly eight years after mspredecessor was, on the Feast of St. Philip and James, invested with the robes of his high office at St. ^ Man's Cathedral, Sydney, The consecration of a Bishop must take place either on a Sunday or the feast of an Apostle, because it was the duty of a Bishop to follow -m the footsteps of the Apostles. It is necessary that at least three Bishops should be present to offer up their prelates came from the other colonies to assist in the ceremony—the Bishop of Ballarat, the Rev. Dr. Moore; the Bishop of Sale, the Rev. Dr. Corbett; and the Bishop of Sandhurst, tbe Rev. Dr. Reville. The Cardinal himself, and other high dignitaries, would probably have cpine over too had not the con secration of Monseignor Verdon as Bishop of Dunedin kept them in the eastern colonies. An immense congregation gathered in the Cathedral to witness the cere mony. An imposing ceremony it was, as might be expected of such an important event aa the investitures of a Bishop of a Church so rich in ceremonials. At 11 o clock the visiting ] prelates and the attendant clergy and acolytes marched in procession into the sanctuary, the gorgeous colours of the robes of the high dig nitaries blending with the black robes of the priests and the purple gowns of the altar boys to make a brilliant picture withthe altar in the background. The High Altar nad been beauti fully decorated with flowers and rich draperieB by the Sisters of Mercy. There were present in the sanctuary Archbishop O'Reily in the throne; the Bishop-elect, Dr. Maher; the Bishop of Ballarat, Rev. Dr. Moore; the Bishop of Sale, Rev. Dr. Corbett; the Bishop of Sandhurst, Rev. Dr. Reville; Archpriest Nevin, Archdeacon Russell, the Rev. Father Vincent, O.P., Superior of the Passionist Order; the Rev. A. Reschauer, D.J., Superior of the Jesuit Mission; the Rev. Fathers J. H. Norton, W. O'Dowling, S.J., T. J. Carroll, S. J., P. Cleary, and R. Doyle, from the Port Augusta Diocese; and the Rev. Fathers Williams, Healy, Earight, F. O'Neill, Martin, Delahunty, Landy, Cosgrove, McEvov, Hurley, and Cornes, and others. Archpriest Nevin and Father Enright attended on the Archbishop, Archdeacon Russell and Fathers Hurley and Murphy on the Bishop of Sale, Father Williams on the Bishop of Ballarat, Father F. O'Neill on the Bishop of Sand hurst, and Father Cosgrove on the in tended new prelate. The Rev. W. J. McEvoy was the Director of Ceremonies. The Bishop-elect celebrated mass on the Altar of the Sacred Heart, with Bishops Moore and Reville as deacon and sub-deacon respectively. On the High Altar Dr. Corbett was the cele brant, Father Hurley being deacon and Father Murphy sub-deacon. The ceremony began immediately with the vesting of the consecrating Bishop, the Bishop olect, and the assistant Bishops at the Altar of the Sacred Heart, and for three hours and a half the sanctuary presented an imposing spectacle whether the gorgeously robed prelates were in repose or moving -about as the cere monies demanded. Archbishop O'Reily having entered a,nd taken his seat on the throne, the consecrating prelate, Dr.' Corbett, sat down before the centre altar. Then the Senior Assistant Bishop, Dr. Moore, of Ballarat, rose and addressed the consecrating Prelate thus (in Latin, of course)Holy Church demands that this priest present be raised to the episcopate." The consecrating prelate demanded the lengthy Apostolic briefs, which were produced and read by Father Norton, of Petersburg, one of the senior priests of the Port Augusta Diocese. The Bishop- elect now genuflected before Bishop Corbett, and read the oath prescribed in the ritual. The examination concerning the faith of the Holy Trinity, which is com manded by the head of the Catholic Church for such occasions, followed. The Bishop elect was interrogated by Bishop Corbett, who has a rich, powerful voice, upon the titles and morals befitting the government of the high office he has been called to fulfil. The examination pointed out to him how he must demean himself when established in his new rule; while, lastly, the examination renders irreprehensible those who afterwards gave the consecrating imposition of hands. One of the questions which the Bishop-elect had to answer breathes forth the spirit of the Christian Church. ' Wilt thou, for the sake of the Lord, be easy of access and pitiful to the poor, to the stranger, and to all that are in need?" to which was given the answer, "I will." Altogether the new Bishop had to answer no less than seventeen questions. The examination concluded, Mass was begun on the High Altar and the Altar of the Sacred Heart. Dr. Corbett was the celebrant on the High Altar, and he was attended by Fathers Hurley and Murphy as deacon and sub deacon respectively. Bishop Maher was the other celebrant, with whom were Bishop Moore (deacon) and Bishop Reville (sub deacon). The Masses were continued as far as the epistle, the choir taking part in the service for the first time By singing the " Kyrie" and the beautiful "Gloria in excelsis Deo." After the epistie Ur. Manor was once more conducted by Bishops Moore and Reville to the presence of the consecrating prelate, who eaia to him in Latin—"It is tne Bishop's office to judge, to interpret Scripture, to con secrate, to ordain, to offer sacrifice, to baptise, and to confirm." Immediately, while every one else in the vast building, from the Archbishop to the smallest child, knelt the Bishop-elect prostrated himself at the left of the consecrating prelate and remained prostrate whilst the Litany of the Saints was chanted by Bathers Norton and O'Dowling and the choir. This prostration was typical of the fulneas of self-sacrificing life and hunulity which should inspire the new prelate. The Litany and prayers con cluded, all faced the altar, and the "Veni Creator" was intoned. At the end of the Litany the Book of the Gospel was placed on his neck and shoulders, to show that he was to be the keeper of the faith entrusted to him. After the first verse of the Veni Creator "Bishop Corbet-t anointed the head of the new Bishop with the Holy Chrism, forming the sign of the cross on the crown, and then anointing the remainder of the crown of the head said—" Be thy head anointed and con secrated in the Order of High Priest by heavenly benediction in the name of the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost." Next the hands of the new prelate were anointed and bound up with white linen by the consecrating Bishop, who finally blessed the crosier and handed it to Dr." Maher, who subsequently presented to the Bishop of Sale two lighted torches, two loaves, and two barrels of wine. 5!och of these portions of the ceremony had its special significance. The chrism with -which he war anointed was a mixture of oil and balsam, toieoil sigrafymgpurityof conscience andthebalsamtlie sweet odour ofa good mime. The cuwaerwlrioh washanded to him is tbcembfemofhis pastoral office, while the; ring vastteemblem of hispriestly office and of the union between the Bishop sad Ins Chnroh, juat as the book of the Gospel istbb emblem of his toachingoffice, and the bread and the wine were typical of the essentialsaf life, whiles the wax candles were the mystic' representation of the sacrifice which the Bishop made of himself. to the, Cffiurch, The newBishop and Bishop Corbett at the same altar continued toe Mass.aml directly afterwards at communion they partook of the" same host and of the same chalice. Towards the conclusion of the Mass Dr. Dorbett blessed the mitre, whose shape is emblematic of the two Testaments, which will henceforth be worn by the new Bishop. Dr. Maher with the crozier in his hand was then conducted down the main aisle of the Cathedral by Bishops Moore and Reville, and he im parted his blessing to the congregation. The last gospel having been said, the newly con secrated Bishop gave the solemn' Pontifical blessing, and-the ceremonial was concluded with the .singing of the " Te Deum." The sermon was preached by the Bev. A. Dietel, S.J., of Norwood, who, baaing his re marks on Acts xiii., gave art eloquent and powerful address, in which he referred to the spiritual significance of the ceremony. The musical portion of the function was entrusted to the male choir of the Royal Comic Opera Company, under the baton of the well-known baritone, Mr. Sydney Deane. Mr. Charles Beetham was entrusted with the onerous duties of organist, and notwith standing the somewhat vague capacity of the instrument he succeeded in producing such a volume of melody as the ancient reeds have seldom given forth. The study chosen was' Mercadante's Mass, which hitherto, owing to the intricacies and difficulties of the music, has only been rendered in Australia by the operatic company's chorus. The choir consisted of Messrs. S. Deane, W. Neilson, P. Behan, W. Balfour, J. Briggs, R. Keilly, W. Rosevear, W. Beau mont, Stannous Leslie, and F. Young. The solos were rendered ir every instance with the precision and taste for which the members of the Opera Choir have become famous. The "Gloria" was sung by Messrs. Neilson, Behan, and Leslie (tenors) and Briggs (bass). The "Et Incarnatus" was beautifully sung by Messrs. Neilson and Balfour (tenors) ana Leslie (bass). The "Sanctus" was a choral number, the solo part being sung by Mr. Briggs (base). In the "Benedictus" the fine deep notes of the primo-basso of the company, Mr. Leslie, rang out with a charm that was entrancing to the worshippers. The solo of the " Agnus Dei" was rendered by Mr. Neilson, and in the mezzo-voce parts the excellent quality and timbre of the tenor were thoroughly appreciated, the credo in particular being a magnificent instance of fugue work. The members of the Opera Choir propose to give the public an opportunity of hearing them in sacred music at a concert to be held at the Town Hall on Sunday week, when the full strength of the chorus will in all probability be assisted by one or two of the principals of the company. 