A CONFESSION. (Contributed.) She was old, slio was black, anil bad nover been beautiful: yet she bad licr own individuality, ami l>y it during the many years that site bad been a member of our household Imd endeared herself to us in a most remarkable degree. We always con sidered li'-r one of the most intelligent of her kind : she was also, t! ough not of a demonstrative, of a kindly nature. Though belonging to a tribe whose propensities to thieving are very strong, she had up to the day ot her deal It shown a knowledge of the rights of her owners, but that fatal day arrived, and with apparently all the savage instincts of her nature revived, « found her standing over the bleeding body of her victim. 1 cried in my baste, “ She is a murderer; she must die.” And at my voice she fled. That she was conscious of having offended is tb- s prove I ; not so her consciousness of wrong-doing, a.ul this is that w'liic i now troubles mo in view of what followed. 1 ask myself did hunger awaken that old savage in stinct? Shu had received her portion that morning ; she uttered no word of complaint; but was it sufficient,? Did the infirmity of age, failing eyesight, betray her? She may have intended her blow for one of the marauders who make regular descents upon the place (with whom she was ever allowed to deal as she phased) and in the confusion with her impi rfret vision have struck wrongly. "We know net; she uttered no word in her own defence. I demanded her death, urging that nothing would now be safe, since the savage within her had hi cn again awakened. ller old friend advanced to her with ! offers of friendship, and she yielded herself up readily, never having hod any cause to mistrust, But she was betrayed; she trusted her friend, to be led to her death. The preparations were all ready, and I tied the cords. Fi antic were her struggles for liberty and life. My heart failed me. “ trive her another chance,” 1 said, “if you wish. Lot her live.” But M- spoke no word, though face and hands both told the land trial it was thus to put to death an old favourite. M-performed the final act, and I—how guilty I felt, how blood-stained did my hands seem. In the darkne.-s of night I buried her. Shall 1 ever forget it? Tho young moon had long since sunk below the horizon, and with no light save, that of the stars I dragged the body round to the grave which I had dug just beside the track. I was glad the darkness hid her old bark face, but iu iuiagina ion 1 could see it, distorted by her death agoni s. How dreadful it all was. Tne wind rustled softly the leaves of the trees, no other sound breaking thestillncsssave thethucTof the body and the noise of the falling earth. I grow horribly nervous. I could almost believe that out of the darkness her ghost would retaliate. I wished the unavailing wish so of,en wished— that the day’s work could be blotted out. I argued her cruel deed. I pictured iter victim's dying smuggles. I argued my right to do as i liked w th my own. I told myself that her death was far more nterciful than the linger ing one that old age with all its attend ant weaknesses was even then laying at her thr. sbold. But I could not. comfort myself. I had demand d the life of this poor ereatur •, and 1 bad aided in the taking of it. I washed my hands when all was ov.-r, but 1 could not judge mys If guiltless. 1 lay down and rose up umb r the same dreadful consciousness. The law may hold me guiltless, but I know I was the means of putting to death—and perhaps for a crime she never wilfully committed—"Jumbo,” our old black cat. 