XNDtrcnoif op the set. tv. c. PBITCHABD, SLAT Pucnr tens " Gouuujity JSvexecg Post." The institution, induction, and installation of the Ifcev. W- Charles Britchard, 3f-A., us incumbent of St. Saviour's Bariih and canon residentiary of St. Saviour'» Cathedral, as successor to the Bev. Canon Tuduicoinbe, who Las retired on an allowance, toox place in the Cathedral on Sunday morning' at the 11 o'clock service. The incumbent was in ducted to the charge of the parish by the Bishop. 2Ir Alexander, acting registrar, read the Bishop's license of the incumbent elect, which was afterwards presented to the incumbent bv the Bishop, who said;—-lkI institute thee to the cure of souls in this Parish of St. Saviour, Go album ; and X in duct tlise into the real, actual and corporal possession of the benefice, "with all the rights, profits, and appurtenances thereunto belong ing i in the name of the. Bather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Be thou a faithful minister of God's Holy TVord and Sacraments, and a faithful pastor of the Block of Christ. The J_or& preserve thy going out and thy coming' in "from this time forth for evermore. Amen." The installation of the canon-elect then followed, the ceremony being performed by the Bean of Gonlbura, the Very I£ev. W. H. Pownall, B J). The sermon was preached by the Bishop from the words, " Tor God b-tb not given ns the spirit of fear t hut of power, and of love, and of a sound mind." ("2nd Timothy, 1-7]. He spoke of this text as being a comforting one to a man taking j up the responsibilities of a new parish- At j the celebration of the Holy Communion | Canon Pritahard was the celebrant. \ The new incumbent preached Ms first sermon at the evening service in the presence of a large congregation. He spoke from the words—And as ye go preach, saying ; The Kingdom of Heaven is at hand." These words, he said, were part of the Xiord's; charge to "His twelve apostles when He seat i them forth as the pioneers of His GospeL The Kingdom of Heaven is at hand " was to be the burden of their preaching, the in spiring motive of their whole mission- After explaining what is meant by preaching the srospel of the kingdom. Canon Pritchard said r And so, dear friends, if I would be a faithful messenger of Christ among you I must first ox all remember His word to the holy apostles and through them to all "His ministering servants.4i As ye go preach, saying the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand." It will be my office to bo as the Bora's watchman, who shall, by His grace alone, be enabled to diseern in the course of the world's history, in the social problems of the time, in the particular features of the life of the present aire, many a sign of the coming Kingdom of Heaven. The ministers of the gospel of Christ are not set to oppose the tendencies of present thought, to Stand in the way of social reforms, to check the development of knowledge or the desire for fuller tight. They are to preach the King dom of Heaven, and to find the illustration and confirmation of what they preach in those matters which are uppermost in the j minus of men at each succeeding era of the \- world's life. And looking out upon the world at this particular time may we not Illustrate our preaching of the Kingdom of Heaven by those efforts after equalify and fair dealing between man and man and recognition of our common brotherhood which surely explain the social movements of the day ? It is not our place to judge in these matters. When one askc-c onr Bora to interfere in a case of disputed right His answer was—"Han, who made He a judge or a divider over yon r " But it t* the office of the Lord's watch man to point cut in all such move ments the instinctive yearning of humanity I after conditions of life which only the King dom of Heaven will satisfy- But more : espcrially are we called upon to preach the j Kingdom of Heaven as ordained servants of I the irreat Head *>f the Church ; so to labor in 1 teaching and guiding Christ's people that as 1 faithful members of His Church we all may j show by our love and zeal and devotion the J signs among ourselves of the Kingdom of ? Heaven- So ureal a work, so weighty a re ! sponribHity, X have accepted amongst you I tins day- And oh, X ask your earnest prayers, your loving sympathy, your ready I help, that by God's blessing X may duly * exercise this ministry among you, £or in ! tMs Cathedral Church and parish are «re noti 1 specially otdiod to maintain a high standard j | of faith and devotion. Here, as a pattern xo j j the whole diocese, must be manifest the j (loyal obedience of Christ's people to their 1 I blaster's will: here must we continue stead j fastiy in the apostles' doctrine and fellow Isltip, delighting to maintain that order of the kingdom, which we know he apj>omted for ns at the beginning; here must we seek to I worship the Iiord hi the beauty of holiness ; here must all our worship be so offered in spirit and in truth that the outward order shall always help the inward devotion. Bor, oh, surtiy it is in. such worship, in 1 solemn iliienarist and grand harmony of prayer and praise, that we have in these earthly temples many a forecast of the blessed promise, thine eyes shall see the King in His, beauty. And here let ine say how deeply thankful X am to Goo. this night that jny ministry aiuoug you bsgan to-day with the solemn celebration of the highest act of Christian worship. Lust Sunday i closed my work hi rnr late parish with the same sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving, and to-day It has been my happy privilege to sanctify a new- work in the great service which oar I/ord and Kong Himself appoint ted- Some words in the Holy Gospel for this Sunday seemed to couie to ns as a direct message from the King of Xiove- 4i Seek ye first the Kingdom of God and His righteous aiesis." And oh. believe me, if as a parish we learn to seek that kingdom in the King's own appointed sendee we are . sure to ex perience in abundant measure the blessings of His rule amongst us, for then all things we can desire * or need are added unto us. And so X have the more hope and courage in beginning nay wcrk amongst you, because in this Cathedral Church we have been thus bidden to lead the way in the oven declaration of our alleiriance to the King or Kings. "We have first drawn near to God as minister and people in the great sacrament of unify and charity. And let us remember, in conclusion, that the gospel of the kingdom which we preach is the gospel of the Cross of <3 c?u? Christ. By His Cross our King won His. Crown. • In preaching the Kingdom of Heaven we must preach the Cross of Christ, because the Cross shows ns I how and bvwhat means that kingdom will come. Tbis then will be 'above all my trim in the work of .my mnristry in this places i iXVte psracb not ourseiros. bat Christ Jesus the Lord, arid ourselves your servants for j Jesus' sake." This, before God, is the solemn resexutien with which X humbly com ment! mv nrcariiin^ In this place.to tue "guidance" of the Holy Spirit of God. " X determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ - and Sins crucineu. • Daring tlie Offertorv AOss B. Taylor, and 3Hss J. "Walker sang "How Lovely are the 3IesssngcrsJ' "I wish you would put your nairie down for ien dollars to this. spbscnp - tion," said the lady to the: poet- " Cei> tainly," he said - fyTli vni it' down for untiring." Then he ^ wrote his; name. "Keep your ton dollars, Airs Patkins," he added, as he Moiled the signature i " X y.rouldnot charge the charity for so : slight $ service." ' A. negro about to purchase a fish visited a shop where several were exposed for sale: hut suspecting That one, which he intended to buy; was not altogether as fresh as he could wish, -he presumed either to dissipate or confirm his sus I pidonsby applying it to his cose. Hie fishmonger, conscious that it would- not b°ar examination, and fearing that other cm^omers mlght catch the aemt. ex claimed in a surlv tone, " How dare yon smell rnv Bsh" 44 ATe uo smell. me only, taikiu^ to him, massa." "And what v.er" vou talking about ?" *4 nle ask Mm, innssa, what the best news at sea. ^ And what reply did he make you r Oil. mas>'., iiesay he know noce.»s.«ts be have not been there these three wee£." * 