Achieving His Hansom, CHAPTER XVIII, A It T 11 HI! W A. U N F. 1). Arthur Westfall, much to his surprise, grow daily moro in favour with General Ilaw-. ley. Thero scorned a peculiar udinity between them, such ns makes people friends at night. Tho moro Arthur saw of General Ilnwley's character, tho greater became his admii'ation and respect for him. 'I am going to talco a drive after banking hours, Gcorgo,' said General Ilawlcy to his ' now bookkeeper. ' Would you liko to como with mo P' ' I will hardly havo timo ; tho books must bo squared.' ' You havo worked hard. You need a littlo rccreation. You can como back in timo to balanco them. Como on.' Ho felt that ho was a doublc-dyod villain for accepting a seat in tho carriago of the man whom ho was planning to rob and per' haps murder. Yot lie could not refuse* his kind invitation, and as tho hour of closing a span of prancing bays, attached to tho General's splendid landau, was drawn up to the curbstone in front of the bank, and tho Gonoral said : ' Now jump in, George, and I will givo you a spin about town.' Silont, yot with heart wildly beating and coiiscionce racking his soul, Arthur Westfall climbed into tho carriage, and away they wont flying over the stony street. ' I hopo you find your position pleasant,' said tho banker, when thoy wero started. ' I havo 110 causo to complain.' ' Our former bookkeopor loft rathor mys teriously and suddenly.' 'Porhaps ho had an offer of moro money.' ' No. I' mado, spocinl inquiry abont it, and learned that ho recoives the same salary. ' Maybo tho othor placo was moro agree able.' ' I can't believo it was. IIo scomcd per fectly satisfied.' ' Ho might havo thought tho climato moro oongcnial.' ' Ho was in oxcollont health, and had no causo to complain of tho climato.' ' Maybo he did not got along well with tho othor omployoes.' ' No ; Meeker was his friond and secured him tho position. Thero is somo deep mystery about it which I cannot fathom.' ' How long has Mr. Moekorboon cashier P' ' Six years.' ' Ho thoroughly understands tho business of tho bank ?' ' ics j no is laitniui ana noncst. Arthur Westfall know just how honest ho was. Ho know thoro was not a grcator scamp in existence, and folt that, bandit though ho was, ho was nn homour compared with such a douhlo-oyod scoundrel as Calvin Mocker. After an hour's drive Gonoral Hawloy lot him out at tho bank, nnd ho wont in to balance tho books, lato as it was. Noxt day Meokor camo to tho now book koopor, and said : 'The old man Booms struck on you, Goorgo, That's right j got into his good graces all you can, Mftko yourself his chum as much ns possiblo, for wo, can work things bottor by it.' Tho book-koopor could hardly rosist his natnral inclination to knock him down, but ho bit his lips and romainod silent. Two or throo days lator, just as thoy woro dosing up for tho day, tho cnsliior callcd him into his privato ofiico and said : ' Thoro is a friond to soe you.' ' ' Who P' ' I am' not at liborty to givo his namo.' 'WheroishoP' ' J3o at tho old mill at midnight and I will bring him.' ' Havo I soon him boforo P' 'No doubt,' ' Havo you soon him P' ' Not to-day, but Bob Maddox who is mossago-boaror botwoon uh, knows him, and has informod mo that thoro is to bo nn intor viow to-niglit which you aro to attond.' , 'I will bo thoro, 'i said tho bookkoopor, though ho was trombling in ovory limb, Ho instinotivoly know whom ho wns to moot, Closing tho bank, ho wont to his hotol, fool ing dusporato. ' How am I to got out of this?' ho aHkod himself. 'It is bottor to follow tho dictatos of oonscionoo and moot doath stii'o. and oortain at tho assassin's hand or bo swopt on by tho (lory blasts of temptation into tho perdition whioh yawnu for mop' A torn bio sti'ngglo botwoon good and ovil was raging in his breast, witli foarful odds in favour of ovil. To do tlio right was oortain disgraoo, prison and deaths to do tho wrong thoro was n ohanoo of prolonging lifo, and possessing unlimited amount of ill-gotton gains. Tho dovil, who is always l'oady to assfimo a vir.tuo whon it suits his purposo, kept whisporing in his oar,' 'Honour ' and ' Novor botray a (rioud and a pal,' Would ho not bo a cowardly traitor to botray his comrades 111 orimo P J3i.it to a young man with Arthur's good squho, that obiootion was soon swopt aside, Ho know it was not honourable to koop a dishonourablo oom paot; that ono was not a traitor who ro ponted and botrayod an aooomplioo in orimo, Thoro is no maxim so falaoas ' honour among thiovoH,' Thoro oati bo no honour among suoh mon. Thoy aro hoIIIhIi, and stand roady to botray ono anotlior whon it is to thoir own solflsh intorost to do so. Nothing bat solllsh interests or tlio foar of somo superior mind holds thorn to^othor as a band for tlio porpo tration of a orimo. Whon onoo tho orimo is committed, or it is no longor apparent that tlioy havo any mutual interests, thoy stand roady to botray ono another, At tho appointed hour Arthur Wostfall wont to tlio old mill. Tlio mill was dark, and as ho anuroaahod it soumod dosortud, but a man Hiuldonly started up l'rom behind a trao and said i ' Wait a minify strnngor.' Arthur utoppod, and tlio man oamo and touched his arm, saying i ' Yo want tor go in Uiav P' ? 'Yos,' 'Wall, yo hotter lomino show yor. 'oauso how it's lcliidor diirlc,' Ho took A.rllmr's arm, and loading lilm. around a wing of tho old building, Lhuy on iored ali a sldo door, ' Wo gottor te bo niiylily Icooi'l'iil, yu know,' ' Yos,' ' Now sliocfn yor hoad a lootlo, ho'h not tor glli a bump | tliar yo air, Tluu-'s a step down lioi.'e, an' now wo'ro lu a lcliidor uv a hull, so lot uh git along, Hovu'h ov door, and,' opou Jug tlio door, 11 1, liar yo ail',' Tlioy woro lu tlio small ollloo In whloll Mi«, Mookur had hulil his llriit Intorvluw with JJob Maddox, 111 was ho Intensely dark that Arthur oould not soo any objuol! In tho mnn, .lint .Hob Mjiddox suddenly Unshod a dark lunteru, tuid ho huw fjiUlny lu a I'm1 corncr of the room a tall mail with a clonk drawn about his shoulders and a mask over his face. Without rising, he waved Bob out. ' Sit down,' lie said. Notwithstanding his features were con cealed, the ono bandit at once recognised iii'm nc f.lin oli {nf. .Innksnn. After a brief silonco tho chief drew his stool a littlo I nearer to tho bookkeeper, and in a low voice, I asked : ' Did you expect mo P' ' Yes.' ' You see I always havo my oyo on you, my boy,' ' I know it.' ' I can see a great way off. Thero is no field-glnss that will rcacli as far as my natural vision. ' Ho scorns to know my vory thoughts,' tho bookkeeper said to liimself. ' Now, as Hamlet's father's ghost says, I have come to whofc your almost blunted pur pose.' ' . ' Do you think my purpose blunted P' ' Porhaps not, but thoro is danger of its becoming so.' ' IIow P' ' You seem a fiivourito of tho president, Gonernl Hawloy.' ' I was advised to court his favor. ' By whom P' ' Meekor, and you instructed mo to follow his dictation in all tilings.' ' That is true — strictly true,' said tho chief. ' You wero told to obey Meeker, and you havo.' ' Then, sir,' what havo I done that is wrong P' 'Nothing that is wrong in itself,' rothrned tlvo chief, ' but 1 havo joomo to point out a danger.' 'What is it?' 'Tho ban leer seems to liavo taken as trango fancy to you, and you to liim.' ' I was advised to make tho best impros sion on him possiblo, in ordor to insure suc cess.' 'That is all proper, young man. 'I don't say that yon havo yet dono anything wrong ; but you aro young in tho business. You havo long boon accustomed to — to what the world calls good society, which, after all, is no moro honest than our own. Now you aro not only young in tho business, but young in lifo. You havo all tho_ world beforo you, and you liavo not pliown that lcoon roliali for tho lifo of an outlaw which I had hoped you would at tho beginning of your career.' ' Havo I ovor faltered P' - '? J. IV111 iiMii.Hity juu imvu, yvv uu _yuu jiul seom to havo you heart in tho business.' ' Perhaps it is bocauso I anv now to it. ' That is tho excuse I framed for you, and I trust I am correct. 13 ut let mo proceed. You might como to tlio conclusion that you could toll your story to this old bankor, on list his sympathy, botray us, load us into a trap, and through tho influonco of Gonoral Frederick Hawloy, sootiro a pardon for yonr past; offonces. Havo you not entertained suoh thoughts P' „ ' No, sir.' ' Jloally, has no such thought flashed in your mind P' ' It has not.' 'Well, if itdoos, lot mo forestall anything of tho kind by assuring you it would bo im possible, and that ovou if it was possiblo, and you should botray us, wo loavo onough friends bohind to shoot you down for so das tardly an act.' 'I understand that.' 'Bvon if wo should bo killed or oapturod, you would not livo throo days. Thoro aro ,mon occupying high positions in sooioty who aro our friends. Yon littlo dream tho strength and powor of our association. Whon 0110 onco arouses it, ho has socrot foos ovorywhoro from whom itwquld bo as impossible to osoapo as tho darkness of night.' ' Mr. Jnokson, you talk ns if I had somo ? l. j.i ? i.j. -i nliUI I MlWUyill;,. ' I havo no evidonoo,' tho chief answorod. 'But you aro carofully watohod. Wo watch and warn, wholhor thoro is causo to do so or not,' ' If you pro for, I will troat tho prosidont with ooldnoKS. Ho urged mo so strongly to rido with him that I darod not rofuso, at. ! least it did not rooiii good policy.' ' No, no, no, you don't undorstand mo, I want you to {*ot 111 his good graoos all you oan, Talk with him, got his oonfidonco, and loarn all about his businoss and tho bank,' 'I liavo alroady loarnod muoli,' ' Does I10 talk frooly P' ' Yos.' ' Confido in yon mnoh P' ' Ho soonis to oontldu in mo all ono, oould ask on so short an acquaintance.' 'Did you loarn whon tho State funds would arrivo P' ' Ho oxpoets thom in a fow days.' ' Doos I10 yot know tho day P' 'No.' ' Tho day tlioy arrivo you aro to loavo a rod haudkorohi'of in tho window opposite yonr doslc, It will bo soon by sorr 00110 who ' will oommunioato tho faot to uh.' ' I undorstand.' ' Now go baok and koop your purposo lcoon. Win tho old man's good will, pump him dry, and whon you got a good point giro it to Mookor,' ' Aro you sure I10 can bo trustod with ovorythlngP', ' Yos.' ' Ih that all P' . ' It, is, Go now, and I will disappear 111 a moment,' Arthur roturuod to IiIh hotol and rotirod to bod, (YVi bn nouMnnad,) 