©riginal Pap^r. UNION AMONGST OUB CLERGY. A Paper read by Bev. W. Gbeen, before the 'Friends in Cotmcil.' (Published by request.) At the last gathering of the .' Friends in Council' we had two interesting and able papers read, which were generally admitted to have been not ' understanded of the people,' and even of the Friends present. . Still it is desirable, now and then, that the writers of papers deal with subjects which are comparatively unknown, and conduct us along paths which are almost untrod ; and it is. essential that our attention be specially directed, from time to time, to those facts and importance, and more particularly when those facts and truths seem to be misinterpreted, or but feebly recognised. Now, in the subject I have selected for our consideration at this meeting, I have thought it wise to deviate frpm the courses previously mentioned. I shall not be accused of bringing before you a subject of which we have no know ledge, but one with which we are all more or less distressingly familiar and greatly concerned. It may be expected to call forth divergent opinions, and afford scope- for useful discussion; and it is to be hoped that it will lead now and in the near future to some definite and increasing practical result. My subject is: 'Union Ampngst our Clergy.' It is true that we.have afforded us the oppor tunity of meeting together at intervals for social intercourse and spiritual refreshment. At the meeting held monthly in the deanery, by' kind permission of the Dean, a number of our brethren from Melbourne and the suburbs, and a few from districts beyond, usually attend either the afternoon or evening sitting. We feel quite free to speak our minds, and in so doing to express our differences. The result, on the whole, is helpful, and tends to strengthen and encourage fraternal feelings and union in our work; Our quarterly gathering of the Friends is calculated to produce the like effect.' Similar meetings of the clergy take place in connection with our ruridecanal chapters andotherinstitutions. Although it is reported that all kinds of heresies are uttered* and all manner of mischievous schemes are concocted at some of these assemblies of the brethren, yet so far we have seen and heard nothing at which there is just-eause for alarm. Bather I think we may congratulate ourselves on thefact that while we do not fear to show to what party (if any) we belong, there is a manifest diminution of party spirit among us. Our views are invariably expressed with gentleness and Christian charity, and we accept our brethren's hospi tality with hearty thanks. This is one aspect in which we see and know one another; but there are other points of view in which our thought and action is regarded by ourselves and others, and these reveal another picture. During the last twelve months we have spent much time, and used many words, in contending for the scriptural position of the Anglican Church against the assumptions and pretensions of the hier archy of Borne. Probably we have had our say about the miserable divisions which exist among Christians, ,whO3e procedure is often like the many competing shopkeepers, who advertise themselves and offer novelties, to attract support; and this may have partly diverted attention from a practice, not forgotten, of denouncing, publicly and privately, our brethren of the clergy of another school. Congregations could be named which were treated to admonitions and warnings about the High Church teaching, or the rationalism or the ritualism in the adjoining parish. Let us hope that we have heard the last of this. But there are not a few other illustrations which could be aff or dedv which prove unmistakably that the clergy of the Anglican Church in this diocese are not of one accord — of one mind. I will specify instances. Two papers are published in Melbourne, professing to be Church of England organs. If you know their usual contents, ? what does their tone imply? Are they needed ? Is the power and influence of our branch of Christ's Church extended and strengthened by their circulation in this diocese ? It does seem a regrettable affair that, in a comparatively small community as ours, it should be thought necessary to repeat every few weeks to the members of our communion, and to those who are not members, how divided is the house to which we belong. I do not stay to express an opinion of the one jaaper or the other, except to say that the official organ of the diocese merits a larger circulation than it now has; and probably the number of subscribers would be greatly increased if the management could see their way to make it more accessible, by more frequent publication and a lower subscription, and to make certain alterations to bring it more into touch with the needs of the Church of the present day. Much valuable talent is wasted under existing arrangements. Is ifc not high time that some friendly agreement was arrived at, arid this, cause for reflection on our oneness be removed ? Another matter which invites notice, and leads to criticism adverse to the authority and influence of the clergy, is the practice of a few of our brethren visiting other than their own parishes or districts, to minister or lecture, or speak at gatherings not connected with the Anglican Church. Several such violations of law and etiquette have come under my notice. A curate of an important parish came to my district some time since and solemnised a marriage in a private house quite close to the church, not only without my permission, but after my clearly-expressed disapproval. Another curate, shortly after his ordination, visited the same district, and held forth at a meeting of the Christian Endeavour Society in a public hall, without one word passing between us. Very recently, to my great surprise, a prominent clergyman, who is a member of the Council of the diocese, was announced, on posters, to speak in a. Union Methodist chapel, in company with a Baptist brother who was to sing an Indian song in native costume. At the same hour a parish, circular informed the members of the Church that their clergyman would conduct the usual monthly service for communicants and Church- workers. In this case, however, a friendly remonstrance had. the desired effect of inducing the member of the Bishop's Council to withdraw from his engagement. A canon of the Church, a former member of the Friends, one whom, we greatly esteemed, some little while ago went into a reader's dis trict to solemnise a marriage in a private house near to the church building without the consent of the reader or his archdeacon. Con siderable liberty is taken in' this way by clergymen who are members, of the Masonic body or of the Order of Oddfellows, regardless of Church authority, custom, and courtesy. My experience, I know, is not peculiar. The brethren can confirm my statements of similar transgressions. They entrench upon the rights of the parish priest, lead to improper comparisons, and work mischief in many ways. A change in an incumbency sometimes marks a difference between the attitude of the present clergyman and his predecessor towards other religious bodies. One has worked strictly on Church lines, and. had no fellowship with the various Christian Communions in their particular denominational works. The other pursues a course directly counter to the practice of the former incumbent ; he supports and encourages the distinctive efforts of Baptists, Wesleyahs, and others, by attending at their meetings and speaking on their platforms. ^ By this irieans he gains for himself a cheap popularity, kind expressions, and the goodwill of many, but likely to the prejudice and hurt of his brother and those of the clergy who conscientiously avoid pandering to any party or sectional feeling. In connection with this there' is a notice able difference of opinion and practice with regard to the Bubric, which directs what notices shall be given out during Divine service. Judging from the miscellaneous invitations which frequently reach me to ' announce this from the pulpit,' I suppose some of our brethren do respond to them. It is a matter which more than once has caused me some little trouble. Notices of local societies and religious bodies, and the rest have been handed in with the request that they be announced to the congregation. How far our brethren comply with these requests I do not know. I only announce such items as strictly belong to the Church. Another instance exhibiting a want of uniformity among us occa sionally occurs at the service for the burial of the dead. At a recent interment of the remains of a late canon of the Church, after the usual service was read, in which the Bishop and clergy took part, it was. followed by another service appointed by the Order of Oddfellows, and read by a person robed in the regalia of that order. The Bishop and several of the clergy remained at the grave to the close, but others quietly left when our own service was concluded. I remember some years ago being summoned to read the order for the burial of the dead over the remains of one of our clerical brethren. Before commencing the office I was approached by an officer of the Masonic body, and directed to leave out the words of committal and other portions of the Church service. He said that they were quite unnecessary, as he intended to read the Masonic service over the remains of the departed. I need hardly tell you that I took no notice of his request. Our difference of procedure at this solemn hour does not pass without comment, which has its effect. Ought there not to be some agreement amongst, us in regard to this last rite of the Church? We now and then publish to the world our differences and want of organisation and union by our correspondence in the daily secular and other papers Controversial subjects are discussed from time to time which show that there is no agreement or understanding among ourselves to Tepresent the views of the Anglican body. Each writer, it may be said, is' responsible for his own communication. Quite so; but scientific, social, political, and religious questions are aired which ?often display the conceit or ignorance of the writers, and are calculated to do much harm to the Church and religion. Surely ?some arrangement might be made which would put an end to this folly. Now, another affair of some considerable moment to the ?clergy and their families is the inadequate support given to our ?diocesan funds. To begin with, let me direct your attention to the relief funds of the Church. According to the last year-book of the Church published, there were 176 clergy licensed in this diocese. Of this number only 42, or less than 24 per cent., subscribed to the Clerjgy Widow and Orphans' Fund, and only 72, or rather more than 40 per cent. , subscribed to the Clergy Superannuation Fund. Several of the older clergy, I am informed, would be thankful to avail themselves of the Superannuation Fund Act, but are not permitted to do so on account of the inability of that fund to stand the strain of an increased ?expenditure. Is there not something radically wrong when so few of our brethren refuse or neglect to contribute to these funds, estab lished for the benefit of the whole body of the clergy in this diocese ? Time prevents me saying more under this head. I must call attention here to the various missionary organisations which are run by committees or individual persons in this colony ?ostensibly as Church of : England institutions, but more or less ?denominational, by some party in the Church. Is it desirable that our differences should be accentuated in the way they are_ by these several societies who are anxious to send the Gospel of Christ to the heathen at home and the heathen abroad ? Would it not be possible, in this evangelistic effort of the Church, to unite our forces, and so strengthen our position and influence — to put our contributions into one treasury chest, and appoint a representative committee of the whole ?Church to direct and manage all its operations for the glory of God and the salvation of souls ? Most of our charities and missionary societies are in a lamentable position just now as regards their funds. It may arise partly from the want of publicity given to their work, partly from the distressed financial condition of many members ?of the Church, partly from our divided energies, and other well-known causes. Such activities as engage the body ^ and soul of our deaconesses in Melbourne ought to receive the widest sympathy and support, and I feel sure if only the. members of the Church and others were made aware of, our sisters' labours arid needs -there would be a great advance upon that at present accorded to ihem. The efforts of the Little Sisters of the Poor are not only kno\vn and supported among the Boman Communion, but by all classes and creeds throughout the colony. Marriages are occasionally lost to the ?Church on account of some of our clergy refusing to solemnise them in private houses. Many of our brethren have no hesitation in marrying any where and at any hour, contrary to the Rubric in the Book of Common Prayer, and in opposition to the wish of the Ordinary, more than once expressed. An archdeacon, years ago, advised me to marry privately when I got the opportunity, and ask afterwards for the permission of the Bishop. f-,. It would seem that a few clergymen have a use of their own in conducting the annual meeting for the election of vestrymen and guardians. The Trustees and Vestries Act is not as plain as it might be in many particulars. Who would have thought before the recent amendment of the Act that no clergyman had the right ex pfficio to -take the chair at the annual meeting unless there and then elected thereto? Every year trouble and scandal arises which might easily be prevented by the publication of the Vestries Act in such language as it would be difficult to misunderstand. Failing this, or some other guide, we may expect a repetition of past improper scenes. I know of one of our senior clergymen, a canon of the Church, who refused to allow the report and balance- sheet of retiring churchwardens to be discussed at the annual meeting of the subscribers to the church. The Act is not clear on this point. Various uses are adopted, and various arrangements are made, notwithstanding the Vestries Act. But there is another matter which I may be permitted to mention as deserving of our serious consideration. I have mentioned several of the different modes of action which are witnessed by our respective ? congregations, and people generally, which convey the impression of a house that is not at unity with itself. But what shall we say of the practice, which is not unknown amongst us, of speaking prejudicially and unkindly one of another? We are apt critics of our brethren. If there is a weakness or deficiency in their character or ministry it is possible we may presume to know all about it ; but do we proclaim it upon the housetops? Just criticism of a friendly nature among our selves is one thing; but are we at any time guilty of the serious charge of readily accepting and circulating a report that reaches us reflecting unfavourably on our brethren of a different school, or of an adjoining parish ? St. Peter tells us in his 2nd Epistle that there were in his day certain presumptuous, self-willed persons who were riot afraid to speak evil of dignities. Can it be said of any of us that we allow ourselves under particular, circumstances — say of real or sup- . posed unjust or unfair appointments, of weak or unwise administra tion, or of a seeming want of courtesy extended to us— to speak in such a manner as to reflect on the dignitaries of our Church ? Do our Bishop and his archdeacons, and, other diocesan officials, escape our notice, our criticisms, and our judgment? Do we deal out to them a large share of reproach and blame ? But are we content to discuss these things among ourselves? Or are we guilty of yielding to the temptation to make our voice heard in the streets, in the train, in the car, and in the drawing-room ? And if we should at any time be overtaken in this fault, probably those who hear us will accept our judgment one of another, arid be affected accordingly. I think I need not detain you longer by giving other illus trations of the apparent want of union which we must all feel most keenly. I need not stay to point out the consequent disin tegration and loss of strength arising therefrom, and the incalculable mischief which is done not only to individual persons and congrega tions, but to the English Church as a whole in this part of the world. What power and influence maybe expected to be exercised by the ministry of that body of men who are often compared to a rope of sand? It must be admitted, that there is little or no cohesion amongst us. We think and act very often independently of one another. We seldom recognise any authority over us — we go our own way. And what we say and do among ourselves is largely reproduced in its spirit among our people. There is much cavilling and carping at the clergy — congregations are exacting, easily prejudiced, and some of the worse features of Congregationalism prevail. Seniority and experience among the clergy is often a disqualification for preferment. In the event of a vacancy in a parish, canvassing is rampant, and local influence nominates the itinerant preacher, or the man just previously admitted to priest's orders. But now we approach a more difficult part of our subject. It is easy to point to this or that weak ness or deficiency in our Church life, but what is needed to be useful is to suggest a remedy that is at least practicable, and likely, if adopted, to work a real cure. ~ The problem to be solved is— How may we hope to remove these manifest hindrances to our union and strength, and so be able more perfectly to fulfil the ministry which we have received of the Lord? Now I can anticipate an answer which might be given to this ques tion': Be filled with the Spirit of Jesus Christ, and all else will follow in their right order. Seek to be increasingly enduecl with the power of the Holy Ghost, and our ministry will be blessed to the salvation of souls. Wait upon God in private and public prayer like the disciples in. the upper room at Jerusalem, on whom the Holy Ghost came, and stir up the gift of God which is in thee by the laying on of the hands of the presbytery. There is great force in this direction. But it must not be overlooked that before this descent of the Holy Spirit upon the early Church occurred, the disciples, it is reported, not only came together, but were of one accord. And may it not be inferred from this that at least some more evident union and concord should be sought and secured before we can reasonably hope for the greater spiritual effusion of the Holy Ghost to come upon us ? We must not only accept and believe in the one faith, one Lord, and one baptism, and the essentials of our holy religion as contained in our three creeds, but we must seek to be of one mind and one heart, and one in common accord in all those activities of our life and ministry pri which so much depends. And if this conclusion be correct, there remains the question — How may we do our part to bring about a better understanding and agreement amongst us, and so fit us for the fuller reception or the fuller consciousness of the power of the Spirit of God in our hearts ? First, I would suggest that we endeavour to obtain an increasing knowledge of one another by means of friendly and social intercourse. There is reason to think that we know less: of our brethren than we do of our parishioners. Even the names of pur brethren in Holy Orders are not known to us— many of them, it may be, we have never spoken to. And we pass them by as if they were not of us. Do we trouble to invite and welcome them, particularly our country brethren, to our own homes for a meal or a lodging? It is easy to excuse our neglect or thoughtlessness in this matter, but a determined effort should be made to amend our conduct wherever it is wanting, to convince bur brethren that we have the deepest- interest and sympathy with them in their difficult, arduous, and of ten discouraging work. More general and frequent interchange of services is desirable, with a view to encourage fraternal feelings, to assist union, and to occupy with greater advantage our time, and strength, and gifts. I refer not only to Synod duties, but to services and meetings field during the week. When any of our brethren make a particular study of some subject of interest and value to the members of the Church generally, why should not their knowledge and talents be exercised outside their own parish? Working as we do, considerably undermanned, ought we not to seek and utilise the valuable help of any able and willing brother to instruct our congregations? Why should not particular gifts and qualifications, now not unfrequently lost to the Church, be more widely used? Two or three parishes might agree to unite from time to time for a special service, a lecture, a concert, or social gathering. Special meetings in adjoining parishes might be announced, with the usual parochial notices, and our people invited to attend them. Proper arrangements could be made so as to prevent these gatherings clashing with other meetings. More attention should be given to diocesan affairs. Local arrangements should, as a rule, be sub ordinated to special services and meetings of a diocesan character. We ought to be thankful for the opportunity, at certain seasons, v of mustering our forces of Church»workers, to present an unbroken front to the enemy for the encouragement and support of our own people. Another suggestion I would offer is that steps be taken to form a society of the clergy to promote union throughout our ranks. A representative executive body might be appointed, arid some for ward movement made in the direction desired. Information arid advice would be given, rules agreed upon, and everything done to unite the brethren in all possible. ways. The idea of a society to promote union and concord might be objected to on several grounds. There never was a scheme, however good, but what was objected to. But in these days, when federation and union are by all persons talked about, and by many earnestly desired and sought — when bakers and butchers, shearers and pasto.ralists, and every trade-calling and profession has its own union— surely it is not unreasonable to suppose that something might be gained by'a corresponding action on our part. The recognition of authority, and the loyal obedience to it, is essential if we would carry out the purposes of God in this land. If we will own no authority but our own, regard our own reason and will as supreme, then I will only say it is a serious position to take up. There are two religious organisations at least in this country which prove how immensely powerful, in numerous ways, is authority when claimed and recognised. In spite, of the errors of the one and the grotesque performances of the other, they have succeeded in undertaking and accomplishing work of a social and religious character which ought to have been taken in hand years ago' by the authorities of the Anglican Church. Much of their success may be attributed to their manifest union and zeal, and the great body of men and women in this country are struck with it, and generously support them.in their self-denyiug, altruistic labours. And when the laity of our communion come to see that we, too, are sympathetic and united, it may be expected that they will be ready to follow in our steps ; when they see in us a readiness to give and take, more of that^sprit de corps which should distinguish . us, more unity-discipline and self-devotion, and more and more patterns to the flock to follow, rnay we. not look for a real improve ment in the esteem in which our congregations regard the clergy for their work's sake, and a more hearty co-operation in any service to which we may invite them? 