A Gentleman from taony. A EOMAiiCtii OF THE HOGOENOlS. (Br- Bicknell Dudley.) nHAP'i'ER XVII.— (Continued.)'' As Goujoii recognised, her, lie started back. He liiui already iiiUi one experience, witii her sUiaiiJ nails, and bad. no deaire to re ptat it. ? . ??riiM rtevil.' lift muttered, 'or-vthe Bolie jiiiau: It's the ssaone thing.' ?Do not stay me, sergea&t;, let me pass,' &i;-i Mirai, trying to uiavv him away, so uiai lia-brielle couid escape to the liouse. But Goujon had. recovered, himself. After aU, she -was only a woman, and. a ' very pieity one at that. ?TassI Nay, my dear, you are my prisoner,' he said, and, with, a clumsy at-. U'iupt at gallantry, made a movement to pu« hisp aim about her waist iiui in a second he recoiled in terror, with a, cry of: ; -All! you serpent!' for Mirza haa eluded his grasp, and stood Iwiure Mm widioa small dagger glittering in In. i- uplifted hand. -iieware the 6ttrpent'« sting!' she threaten ed, iia-lr' laughing nt the sergeant's dismay. 'rioia! Hola! within there!' roared Gou ioL. wiUuxill the strength of his lungs, his tu.-e.-s snaking' vpzh fear. 'Within there! Suuiebody! iielp me to arrest this sorceress! tiiis witcn!' 1: was now the gipsy's turn to be frighten ed. Til© coward s cries would arouse the kuuse. And the chevalier might arrive at ins moment. ?silence! in mercy's sake, silence!' she en treated. 'And go! Go at once!' But Goujon's sharp eyes discovered her terror, ana he regained something of his daggering courage as her alarm -increased. 'Not till I have you safe unaer lock and key,' as I have already your defender, the Huguenot chevalier!' jdirza started. 'The chevalier! It is falsa!' she cried. -by the corns of Saint Ursula, you'll find ii true. He's only a stone's throw iroin here, info in the Ohateiet prison, and will be most assuredly shot at daybreak.' A sharp cry broke upon the still air, and Uirzs.-eaio.ghi a glimpse of Gabcielle, as she daggered, half-fainting from, behind the but tress. But, in. an instant, a man, with, a swift, leopard-like bound, .dashed forward iud caugnt her. It was Pharos, and. he iujui; a quick ?gesture of assurance to Mirza, jw b'- half led, half carried Mademoiselle de .?\rissae back into the shadow. All this happened so quickly that Goujon, though startled by the cry, had scarcely time 10 turn. Ht caught only & glimpse of something white, when Mirza grasped him with both kinds and whirled him round like a top. 'You miserable, cowardly, bragging, good for-nothing ruffian!' she .'exclaimed, breath k-ssly, as she twisted and twirled him by the collar. 'If one hair of the chevalier's luiiiu is injured, th&re; shall be as many holes in your wihe-eask of a body as there are kuives in the girdles of the nieii and women, especially the w;omen, of my tribe.' 'Tou're cho-^cho — choking me!' gasped Goujon. 'Which would be cheating an honest rope maker,' retorted Mirza, scornfully, as she gavt; him a final twirl and flung him from her with all her strength. Tie sergeant' fell heavily to the ground, ami at once emitted a series of ear-splitting shrieks. ? The house 'was now alarmed. Lights flitted from window to window. In another mo ment the doors were flung open, and the duchess appeared, surrounded by half a dozen retainers. Mirza had fled, but the light of the blazing flambeaux fell upon the pitiful figure of the sergeant, who had. srambled to his feet, and, ?wWi inahy a resounding oath, was brushing The dust from his clothes. . The duchess advanced proudly ,/and fear lessly, followed by her servants. 'Who called for help just now?' she de manded. 'Was it you, fellow?' 'If your grace will pardon my insignin caDce, it was I,' replied Goujon, bowing 'vmk exaggerated humility. 'And wherefore?' The sight of the burly serving-men had re stored the sergeant to all his customary bra vado. Ete puffed out his breast and tapped his sword- hilt significantly: 'Six as truculent ruffians', may it please your grace as — well, no matter, I am rid of them.' j . ' The duchess's lip curled -with intense scorn, as she said, haughtily: 'I think I know your face. You are the man they call Sergeant Goujoa— one who is noted for having a killing tongue, but a quiet sword. You were one of those who fed upon the too easy bounty of my son, my unfortunate son.' : Even Goujon's overweening vanity was not a proof against; the cutting severity of these words* But he still managed to keep a bold front, and replied, half brazenly, half sulkily: - - 'And therefore I -have avenged Mm.' 'You!' 'With this hand. His assassin is now in .the prison, of the Chatelet' The duchess uttered a wild -«ry, a sort of savage Io Sriumphe! Instantaneously, 'her whole manner 'changed. Her co]^ hauteur ?was giaie, and in its place was a. frantic eagerness. 'Badul.de Puyc&dere; a prisoner! Is it .possible?''' ?-..-.; '*' ; It w«as to bring your- grace this -mews that I came iiere.' '? r 'You are sure?' , 'Sure.*1 ? t With blazing, eyes, the duchess struck her hands together in fierce exultation. 'More welcome news you could not faring a bereaved mother! In Uie Ohateiet, you say?' . ?. , 'In Ahfe-Caiateiet. My errand done, . I. re turn now to mount guard over him, myeelf.' Tho duchess clasped Ms arm in a grasp' that made him' wince. 'As you value my favor,' she almost his sed in her excitenfent, her heart bounding with ferocious joy at the thought of ven geanee— ''as you yalue my favor, guard Mm closely. . Yda-«iiali be rewarded, well re warded, never fear. Go! go!' , His. Object acoomplislied, Goujon hurried, away, ibis :bag sword, clanking at Ms side. The duchess turned to the servants. 'Prepare.my li*fcer,' she eommaiided, with a rapid and- imperiousgestuire. 'Bring your flambeaux and swords with you . I'll go to the Liouyre a/t ones**, ??'.?,- -?'.- She tumea, ;ama wke about ko- enter tifie house, but before she could mako a step, a, white rob^ figure darted out from the sha dows, and ^taiiTO wing itself on its knees tie fore her,: sedzed: her, gown. .-.,- '.,;.,. 'A-dnk, aont^^on 'V^l mot do j&is; thing! Hear m^ I amp^Kre you! Have pity!' 'K4y!' retorted %e duchess. 'M1^. you speak 1x- me of pjty! Itaoul de Puycadere is dooinedT In defiance of itfy^ yariung, lie has remained *o outface jTBfice,aaid he shaM pay tie penalty.' / :--S'\ ''-. 'Madame! MaQaSne!^ s '32ie.assa8su| ©fe-myrSQaiis i3k$h& Gbatelet! I wanlt'i^.iiassaasSn of my isonf!' -? ? - 'fi3^ir ^iy!» ????.?/_: ?- . v ? - ?- ? ? . ??' - 'My Sttjti floes not 'want ypurfS'i^i _He;ca3!s to me, he caaee aloud: 'Mother, avenge me!'' 'No!rnbf'-v;.' '' . . ,'? ^ r .-'?. ?' /? ? '? ?; 'Yes, I iieai hhnir '' ' , ... 'Lfeten! Usij^il he does not «ry- that! No, he does not Bay to you, /'Blood for Blood!' He is in Jiaiirpiajee wiere oaily pardon isirife cognised for 'wisong-doing, and where yen-; gea«e6*ais^i6arsV : -i&§:j£.-ak angel, and M sa,v« Wjwi'ifbS&B;&itj; honor mfe as'M dnjgea, hy- iihaaitiyP- ':,'?], ' -'? T— : 'Away! You plead for your lover! Hea- ' ven grant that my son's niurderer dies! You shall not filch from me fiis death!' 'May Heaven refuse- to hear you!' 'May Heaven hear me, and the king also!' Ai;c the duchess stooped and, seizing the halfcvfaintiiig gdrl by the shoulders, flung her from her. ' 'Tis a holy vengeance! 'Tis a mother's vengeance! The kLhg dare not pardon! It is Tuy son, mine, that this man has slain, amKif there be justice in the Icing, I will exact the price of blood! To the Louvre! To the Louvre!' CHAPTER XVm. 'Show yourself a man, my son. ? A king should have no fears!' An-2 Catherine de Medicis, the»wily Floren Mne who had been the .cause of so much woe to France by the introduction of the infam ous methods of her infamous family, laid her hand upon the shoulder of her son, Charles IX., that hand which, beneath its velvet touch, possessed muscles of steel 'F.ear, mother,', said the king, shivering beneath the contact. 'It is not that, but I am weary of the sight of blood.' 'From the blood of the heretics only can your throne be cemented.' 'There -is no more necessity of that,' and the king rose and comuienced nervously to pace the floor. 'Coligny is dead, and my brother-in- law is a good Catholic.'? 'Idiot!' sneered the queen-mother. 'Do you believe in that? How long will his re cantation last? Just so long as it suits his convenience. Would he were with the other ?heretics who went to torment on the day of blessed Saint Bartholomew.' 'Hush! hush!' said the king, turning pale, 'no more of that!' 'The most glorious day. of your reign.' 'The. most infamous. I'll have no more of it. Am I king, or am I not?' The lipjj of Catherine de Medicis curved in a peculiar smile. 'I 'Oh, yes,, you are king,' she said, slowly. ' 'But you would I were not,' ejaculated Charles, impetuously. -'Oh! I know that my brother is your favorite son, and you would gladly see him reign in my place. Well, it is easy to accomplish* that. The' Italian daggers are still sharp. The Italian poisons are still known to you.' The most accomplished actress of her day uttered a deep sigh, her face took on the mask of injured innocence, and even a tear twinkled in the corner of her eye. * A wave of remorse swept over her affec tionate if weak son. He threw himself at her feet. 'Forgive me, my mother, forgive me.' Queen Catherine raised him and pressed him to her heart. 'Will you never learn to trust me?' she murmured. 'Will you never realise that it is I who hold the crown firmly upon your head?' 'Yes, yes, I know; forgive me,' half sobbed her son. 'And no more weakness?' :'No more. You are my brains, the brains of France. I follow where you direct.' ? ' 'Tis well.' And she touched a silver bell, which rested on a table at her elbow. iV page answered her summons. 'The Duchess de Bassompierre awaits. Admit her.' Thp page bowed and, departed.' 'The Duchess de Bassompierre!' said the king-, starting up with a look of alarm upon his face. 'This means ? ' 'Wait and see!' The time of waiting was not long. In a very few minutes, the duchess was ushered into the royal presence, pale as a ghost in her mourning robes, but her lips compressed hi an expression of inexorable resolve. She advanced to where the king sat, with the queen-mother behind his chair, and bent her knee before her sovereign. 'Rise, madame, rise,' said-Charles gracious ly; 'a De Bassompierre's fidelity to the crown is known without empty ceremony.' 'I thank your Majesty,' said the duchess, raising herself to her full height and looking the king directly in the face, 'and am glad to hear you accord the Bassompierres what as only their due. As a faithful subject of my king, I am here to demand justice.' 'Justice!' 'Ay, justice! My son has been slain. His murderer is in the Chatelet. I ask his head!' 'In the Chatelet!' repeated the king in great agitation. 'When was this? I have heard that he had escaped.' 'For a time only. To-day he was ar rested.' 'The Chevalier de Puycadere.' 'The Chevalier de Puycadere. A Hugue not, a heretic, a murderer! Justice, sire just-ice!' ~ ! ' 'The duchess is right, sire,' said Catherine de Medieis, in her clear, cold, unimpassioned voice, pressing her hand, lightly on the shoul der of her son. ''The man is a heretic and a murdererj »and should suffer the penalty of his crimes.' The kin? shook off his mother's touch, and, with his thin white fingers twisting coh vuJftiveiy, half rose from his leat, and then sank back .again. 'My promise,' ' ihe ? murmured weakly. 'My promise.' 'Your pi:omise!' repeated the queen-mother questioningly. 'Yes; I have given my word to fhe King of Nav&rrer; that tins man's life should be spared.'' ' » ; - The duchess started violently at these words, but, unseen by the king, Catherine -placed her fingers W 'her lips as a warning for silence. \ 'Is that all?': she said lightly. 'All?1' ejaculated; Charles... 'Could it be more? Is not a king's word sacred?1' 'Certainly,'/ returned Catherine, with an enigmatical smile. 'Unless a king's word is obtained by fraud.' 'What mean you, madame?' . ' 'Were you not - so trusting, you would know that the King of Navarre is even now plotting foi* your crown.' 'Mort de ma vie!' . 'It is true, my son, and all see it save you who 'are most interested.' 'But— — V \- The- words died on his lijps, as a portiere just opposite to where he was seated was raised, and the graceful fqrm of his sister, Marguerite, appeared. r 'Judo. I intruding?? she asked, as her eyes fell fin wonder upon the stern face of the duchess. 'No, no. .Come in. Margot,' said the king, glad of almost any interruptioni 'Yonr advent 3s timely.' 'Most timely,' said Catherine de Medicis, bending a penetrating glance upon her daughter. 'Marguerite is ever' on the side of justice.' ~ 'Surely, my' mo-flier,' -replied Me Queen of Namrre, advancing Jnto the foom, witii a puzzled look upon her lovely, .feuftel Before Catherine could ^eck. ier, ihe duchess had hastily stuped forward and ex tended her hands in supplication. '?'?,. *4'J9ieh yon wfli ose Sour influence wMi the . king,' she coed, ^o gi&itrin;|: ffijaMcra^-. 'Your ? petition?' sai|L ' ^p^u^ite, :«ndter standing the ^tuatioaiiofaffaiiis pretty clear ly. --?' ^^-va^^K;;,^- .?? .;?.,. j '^ps, tf^0gj&st;&. -i^Oun- here :io ask the tpfesfchmefit of'fiy'%pn%*ninlrd6i¥'r.' '** 'Murderer! It wasia 'fair duel, madame.' 'A fair 'duel!' 6ried:ime duchess 'A duel -wi&Ta; boy like that!' ? f ; - . - -.-. 'The King «f Nayarre is fiatasfiefl tiat the ;Cheva3ief de Puyeadere waenotio-Wame, 'or lie would; jiot- fiaye tasked ^itoe^idiaji**^ -3&. vvAiifl I? Have .Cl ; i-- --r^tot?'' began i ; this duchess paeaohately, but Sie^ueferi-mother laid a restrainiiig Jitod upon ij& 'arm. ; V ; -'Bfipatientt.' Leave it 'tbvahi^' 'Me sai^ ^men, ;iairnln^ 1»-fflfe mig; ' fwlip wae 'the picture of ^jjieafiiness, ehe remarked quiefly : 'Your Majesty will not refuse this dis tressed mother the just punishment she exacts.' - -^ Before the king could reply, Marguerite de Vaiois, who, whatever her faults might be, wa.- ever loyal to her friends, and who was thinking now of her favorite maid of honor, interposed: ? 'My brother has given his royal word to my husband that the life of Monsieur de Puycadere should be spared.' The queen-mother bit her thin lips with rage. ?'Your husband,' she said, addressing Mar guwite with intense sarcasm. 'Yes, in mar rying you the Prince of Beam fulfilled one of those acts of policy demanded for the in terests of the kingdom, but, niy poor child, ?the indifference he has manifested for one so young, so lovely, and so fascinating as j-oiirself should scarce, methinks, be the spur to arouse you to become his champion.' Marguerite flushed beneath these words and the keen glance which accompanied them, but not for one instant did she lower hf-r eyes. 'I have promised the King of Navarre my alliance,' she said proudly and unflinchingly, 'and I wiH be faithful to my promise. My brother, I appeal to you to keep yours.' Charles sat as if stupefied between the im perative look of Catherine and the supplicat ing regard vof Marguerite; while the Duchess de Bassomjjfierre watched the trio with hag gard eyes and parted lips, her one thought, 'VfLgeance!' But the struggle -was unequal, and no one knev it- better than the wily queen-mother. V!You do well to recognise that your brother is still King of France,' she said sternly to her daughter. 'Your husband is not king yet, and Charles IX. owes no faith to here tics and traitors. No more of this!' And she checked with a commanding gesture the passionate retort that rose to Marguerite's lips Teen, stooping, she whispered a few hur ried words in the king's ear. A spasm of terror swept across Charles's face. 'No, no, madame,' he gasped, and he caught feverishly at his mothers hand. 'No, no don't desert me! Anything but that! £ am indeed lost without you.' ? (To be continued.) 