A GIVIO- EAICLET. In the "^Iden Bntt^y/'MrJGKlead p. Beck, the American gentleman, w"ho, before Jie " struckile,'' followedoccupatibns many: '.' -and /various, .thus relates 'his 1 theatrical experiences:— .'."I was an actor "myself once, and I've loved the boards ever since. - j. was nofc a great actor-, I-ain bound toisay Jihat Irdijd not act 'like '"Mr Henry Irving.. : Quite the contrary. Once I was the hindlegsof an, elephant. : Perhaps Mr Irving-Jumself, when ce was a 'prentice,-was the .forelegs. I was on the boards for a month, when the company busted up. Most things .did bust up that I had to do with in those days. I~ was the lawyer in " Flowers of the Forest." T was the demon with the; keg to Mr Jefferson's ^ Hip Van Winkle. Once. I jilayed Horatio. -That was whenthe Mayor of Constaatiiiople G ity inauguated-his year of .'office by playin'Hamlet. He'd alwaysbeen fond of the stage/ that Mayor, but through bein* in the soft goods line nevercould fitiVl time to 7 'go on.' So when he got the chance. bein' then a matter • of' fourand-fiffy; of course "he tookdt. • And he elected to play Hamlet,•just Jbo show the citizens what a whole- souled 'Mayor they'd 'got, and the people in "general what good play^actin' 'meant. ' .The ^Corporation attended in la body/and sat in the frost TOW of i what you-would -call the dress circle. All in store clothes .and go itp-^neetin' gloves. It was a majestic, and imposing spectacle:- Behind them was the fire brigade' in imiform. The citizens of Constantinople and 'their wives and daughters crowded out thehouse." ' Wal, sir, we began. Whether- it wnE 1 they' felt jetQous, or whether they felt enviousj-that" Corporation laugTibd: They laughed at the senti'nelsflind they laughed at the inoon.- They laughed-at" the Ghost, and they laughed at.me—Horatio. And then'they laughed sit Hamlet. ' I watched; the Mayor getting gradually riz. Any man's -dander would. Presently he rose to such a height that he'wentstriight to the footlights, and stood there facing his own -town Krancil like a bull •bfelnnd - a gate. •They left off "laughing"for a"'minute"and -then bfegan again. We are a grave people, 'sir, t" am "told, and .the sight ! of those town 'councillors sir laughin*'together -like so many "free niggers before tKe'wa'r was most tooinoeb.^aafbofc \- The Mayor made a speecK that wasn't in the -play. "Hyar" ie' Baid. Jookin'. solemn. • " You jest gether-up your traps' and Skin "out of-'this, l've^got'the 'say of this house, and-I iarn't a-goin'io have ;the • folks incited to-lnake game of. your Mayor. So—you—kin—-just—4ight." : They hesitated. The Mayor pointed to the back of the theatre. ' "Git," he saidagain. , One "of the town councillors "jose nnd spoke. " Mr Mayor," he began," or Hamlet,'Prince of Denmark——' " Wal. 'tir," 'said *• the Mayors didn't -tTerO'jplay in his own theaytre?' 1 . '' Mr "3Iayor,' or - Haiiilet,'or i !Nero," he went on/'Ve^came Here on"the"presumption that -we ' wfere ^paying for our -plaoes, and bound to laugh & we*were amused'at the performance. 'How, sir/this"performance does -amuse UB considerable." ' You: may presume,'' said the Mayor, " what you please. But {lit—git at once— or FU turn on the •pumps." •ft was tie ghost who came to' the front with the hose in his hands ready to" begin. The Town Council disappeared beforelie had time to'play on them, and we went-on with thetragedy. 