OUSTER MASSACRE} It via Id January 1876 (tut Geo*. Cater, Terry, and Crook begun a campaign against Uw Sioux in Montana. At Bosebod 011 the Yellowstone, Tetty eetab* lishod a camp and Cuter kept on tbeeaaah far redildns. Cnok na detained in auwthtr dhectioa, whioh left Cuter laiUi a email force of men. Old Sitting Bull wai Hi* mediolne nan of the Bioua and pie Hum adrioe as to what thev ahould do. On Jnne 85, Custer stock Bitting Bull's trail and followed it into the l ittle Big Born valley. Caster expecting a battle detaehed Major Beoo with (Men oompaniea to erow the Little Big Born river, and attack die enemy from the «nt. Custer daibed id to the tight* Btno na on the left ana Beoteen in the centre. .Ouiter eooa dieappeartd in tbe vallejr end immediately after B*M and Bentcen were surrounded by lodirr", andfor 24 lionn they fought daepentoly ? j.'ninetover whi Imiug odd*. While Boaio and l,«wma battling for tbeir lirea they heard l.> tig in the. direction taken ty Ousler. Itooly lasted a few aniuutea end then oeaied. Thep Tarry attired from tbe Yellowstone samp and Bono's com* maud ana 'saved. The Indiana had all 4k> appeared before Terry arrived. A search waa then made for Colter. Hewas anou found dead with bis men. Major Kasa m tried by Court Martial for failing to ettppM Cust« r, Be waa a rained man, but Uasre have alwaya betn double ai to the Jottaeee of his punishment, fur it ia thought by many that Beoo did well to aavo hie command freaa muaaere. And many people were not alow la (linig Gen. Custer for dashing into the trap hsdid,' when by . little strategy lie might have given battle to the reds and inflicted a aevere, punishment upon them. But he watted for no; c ne and aome who knew him well as/ that his; dreire lo win all tbe glory for Caste* led him ta charge tbe enemy instead of waiting for Bene.; But, who can tell? Outer died and sot Me of h:a brave bond waa permitted to eaetpe to tell the history of that charge. Booh is the biief hintory of the Custer matiaore. It is many years now ainoe that deaperate charge was made by General Coster, and during, those years I met with meu who tad vialtM Mm! Cuater battle Held. 1 also met a number of Sioux who were iu the battle, and ftom dUfar < lit sources I picked up all the informatics t c. ul'l in relation to the maasaen. Seme yean agol met Frank Titaa, aalkitw agent. Frank had a brother in the Tth Cavalry (Custer's regiment) who died by Caster's side. When I saw Yates he had charge of «|d Bain-. in-tte-Face, a chief who took the ]eed in the Custer masnacre. Ruin-in tbe-Faee Waa tfce Indian wbo, after tbe battle^ eat out Tom Gas* ter's hiarti and bit a pirce out of it. Tom Custer was a brother of Oea. Cuater, end when lUin-in-the-Face cut bia heart oat be was M> filling a vow. Some time before the Sioux went <m tiie warpath, Tom Custer had atroek Rain* in-tbe-Faee for some trivial matter: The old Indian looked him in the faoe and Mid I "Tom Cuater, I wilt cot your heart oat far that some day." i He kept his vow. Geo. C lot's body sras not mutilated, and bis death mtj eaddrn forte was shot in the head. , Another atory of tbe massacre which, wca luld to me by Ya'.s, who got th from tbe Indians, was t'iat of . ecidier who waa with Outer when thay charged Ihel. Indians. When this soldier aaw that tbanrtteart in a trap, he wheelidhla horee and daahedaarayj toward tbe open valley. Several Jiidians .foM lowed him and he finally gave op all hope and] drawing a putol he abut hifosstt ia the head.) Tbe Indians declured to Yatet that the raldicn bad * hotter horse than any of theiie and thatr thi y aero just wing to give up the ebsse wheal tbev rnw the fli-tlng man ahootumsetf. But Ut us not nil at * battle, for It was ?imply a oaasaact*. Lately there has beeta a number of stories published In regird toGostsr, .ud «mong them is one related by a Soldier who war left behind with Beuteen when Ouster started off lo And 8itfing Bulh litis soldier! says that be «u one of tbe flr*t ineu to rescfc the Custer battle field, and from the signs wbish be naw be came to (he conclatfon (hit Cotter sod bis mi D wore not girra a efaanee to strike roe blow. Tbe meo lay iq rows upon the ground *nd thry bad evidently fellah together. They rode luto the very irroup of the Indians, wbo were concealed not fifteen fart away when thi y itoured » yolley into the little band Srblehi literally melted away -like smoke before . br*ece. Custer's cavalry, the Seventh regiment, was always ibe bitten st foe of the hioox. Hm> Seventh had harassed the Indians fot yean aodi the Indians were glad of a chaooe to wipe oot a; third of tbe entire regiment. Years after when! the ghost dsncbg began, and Ibe fclooi war broke out et Phte Ride ftjreney, tile Seventh was again sent into the field to faos their old foci, and it wm« tben tbe eld Seventh name nry near, being annihilated Tbe lament was tut rounded, and actually being overwhelmed by numbos when (he lilevenih arrived and aira) the old! ft*gioit-nt. And tbe regiment which CUM %m tbe racur was a negro r» giment. ! , Recent nurviyt show that one-fttsth of the Stale of Otrg Mimetbtnic ow 10,000,000. ?ens, it covere.i wilh ileitte foreats. A »i«cies o! minute BrtciUen spider rpins wcU so fine ihat it taken 4*000 of them twitted together lo equal the <Uainitct sf % human hair* The morla'iiy among cittfe at a. a reniTttatf frtm tru« liy. *ai;t of w-trr. &e; , woe foraietly «<ni ito«n at rixttm pet trot., while at H* r» 11>' f iin' i* * one tier cent 