FAIR AND UNFAIR. Mr. and Mrs. W. Burford with their family, excepting the three eldest sons, will leave for England next week. It is Mr. Burford's intention to take a house in England for two years, during which time the education of the children will be proceeded with. Mr. and Mrs. Burford intend to visit Egypt and Palestine. The two Misses Bur ford who are now in Germany will continue their musical studies there. Arrangements are rapidly nearing completion for the Mayor of Adelaide's shooting and fishiDg excursion on the River Murray during the Easter holidays. The party, numbering between 40 and SO, will leave Adelaide by special train at 5.15 on Thursday afternoon, April 2, for Goolwa. The «.s. Jupiter, in command of Captain Ritchie, has been chartered for the occasion, and with fine weather everything should go as merrily as a marriage bell. Mr. T. G. Ellery, the Mayor's secretary, who will manage the outing, leaves f r Goolwa by train on Wednesday morning next. On Tuesday afternoon, March 17, a bicycle party honored Henley Beach with a visit, those riding wiry steeds including Mrs* Frampton, Miss Herring, Miss Cooper, Mrs. Gill, Mr. Percy Horn, and several others. Arriving at the Beach late in the afternoon they did the Esplanade and Pier, and partook of light refreshments before ridiDg home in the gloaming. One lady came to grief on the beach, and the rational costume of another created some astonishment. A pleasant surprise party was given to Mn and Mrs. George Ling on St. Patrick's evening. About thirty persons were present. Songs and recitations wete contributed by Misses Wildy and Evens, and Master George Ling rendered his favorite song, entitled " My Sister Jane." Mr. Williamson gave a few selections on the violin, after which a sumptuous supper was provided, and a pleasant evening was brought to a close by Miss Ling singing " The Wearin1 o' the Green." The final races of the season in connection with the Adelaide Rowing Club will take place on the Torrens Lake on Saturday afternoon. Besides the " E>ouble Sculls " for active members there will be a four-oared race for non-active members. After noon tea will be provided, and there will be a band in attendance. Prizes for the Sparks Pours, and other events will be presented at the conclusion of the racing. A large attendance of members and their lady friends is confidently expected. Quiz's Victor Harbor correspondent writes on March 2$ :—His Excellency the Governor's visit to Mr..Ata£*' Hay's mansion has given great eclat to the season of 1896, and there has been an almost endless succession of outdoor amusements. His Excellency had a public reception in the Institute Hall on March 19. The school children sang " God save the Queen " and "Australia." On March 21 His Excellency with Ijady Victoria Buxton and the Misses Buxton travelled to Goolwa, where an excursion was arranged to the mouth of the River Murray. The steamer Shannon conveyed the viceregal party and o'her distinguished visitors. To-day Mrs. Alex. Hay gives a garden party at Mount Breckon in honor of the Governor's ^isit. Picnics, boating, and driving parties are the orders of the day. The hotels and boarding houses are making every effort to provide increased accommodation for the Easter holidays, as they anticipate a larger influx during that season. We are having delightful weather. I send a li<*t of late arrivals—His Excellency the Governor, Lady Victoria Buxton, and the Misses Buxton (2), Captain Guise, A.D.C., Colonel Gordon, Major and Mrs. Solomon and family, Mr. A. G. Downer, Mr. Marriott, Mr. D. McCallocb, Mrs. McCulloch, and family, Mrs. T. Barr Smith and family* Mrs. T. O'H. Giles and family, Mr. and Mrs. Gill and family, Mr. R, O. Fox, Miss Fox, Mrs. Walk em and family, Mr. and Mrs. F. Downs and family, Mr. Luckie, Mr. F. W. Day, Miss Schultz, Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Fitch, jun., and family, Mademoiselle St. Leon, Miss Lawson, Miss Moule, Mrs. Young, Mr. Solomon, Mr. Scott, Mr. Clausen, Mrs.O'Brien, Mr. and Mrs. McFarlane, Mrs. Dollman, Misses Dollman (3), Mrs. and Miss Beasly, Mr. Kaston, Mrs. Jagoe, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas L°edle and family. Another one of those convivial musical evenings in which Commodore Munton plays the parts (for they are many) of an excellent host and the members of the Holdfast Bay Yacht Club are the guests was (writes " Jackyard" given at Sans Souci, Brighton, on Saturday evening. Under the care of the first flag officer of the Bay Club (it is doubtful though whether he has a care) merrymaking is an easy, yes, and perhaps sacred accomplishment, and this is a fact that has been fully realized by yachtsmen of this colony and visitors for many years. Sans Souci will ever carry in its bosom the fond remembrances of a series of Arcadian evenings, and when the great .millenium conies, that great something of which we are constantly reminded hy the bickerings and quarrels, the anathemas and curses of this poor downtrodden community, there will arise from the precincta of Sans Souci kind old spirits and ghosts of jovial personages, who will cheer on, and uplift, and soothe, and sympathise with the straggling old battlers engaged in the Purgatoi ial march. Let us have the beneficent influence of those spirits and the nervous feeling which thrills those sinners who are about to approach the hereafter will not have such a discouraging effect upon us# There is little doubt that all the yachtsmen who were at Brighton on Saturday evening last enjoyed themselves. The Commodore's hospitality is something which to participate in is to enjoy. No pains are spared to gratify the taste of the most hypercritical. Lovely music and several other things of a similarly fioe adjectival nature combined to make things pleasant, and the tram for home was announced when but half an hour had appeared ,io have gone, but in reality eternity was nearer at hand by nearly three hours. On Monday next Commodore Munton, Miss Muhton, and Mr. Harry Horsfall, the Commodores nephew, leave for Hdrope. The Commodore now counts his years by trips to England. Lucky man. The marriage of Mr. Maurice Harris, a retired merchant of Christchurcb, New Zealand, to Miss Ray Salom, daughter of Mr. Maurice Salom, a gentleman well- known and respected in city com mercial circles, took place on Wednesday afternoon, March 18, at the residence of the bride's parents, the Rev. A. T. Boas officiating. Only the relatives trf the bride and bridegroom were pi*esent. Mr. Salomgavehistlaughter away4 Mr, Harris and Mrs. L Jacobs acting as interferers. The ceretnony over the guests and the happy couple adjourned to the drawing-room, whereabout 30 sat down to the wedding dinner. Mr. M. C. Davies was the toast master. Mr. Hen»y Salom gave the first toast, "The Bride," to which Mr. Maurice Harris re sponded. Mr. L. Judell (Orroroo) proposed "The Bride's Father and Mother." Mr. Maurice S&lom; re sponded. Mr. M. Moss gave "The Interferers," and Mr. E. Harris replied. Mr. Salom, jun., submitted " The Chairman," a sentiment that was acknow^ ledged by Mr. M. C. Davies. Mr. and Mrs. Harris left at 8 p.m. for Aldgate, and spent a short honey moon in the hills, returning to Adelaide Jast Sun day morning. They left by the express for Sydney on Monday, March 23, to catch a mail steamer, it being their intention to visit Japan, China, and America before returning to settle in Australia. The bride wore brown tweed, white satin and lace bidice, brown hat and veil to match, and carried a magnificent bouquet, obtained from the establish mentof Mr. H. Sewell. Mrs Salom (mother of bride) wore silk, and lace bonnet to match ; Mrs. Judell, blue cloth, with silk bodice; Mrs, Saber, black skirt, silk bodice. The bridesmaids—Misses Stella and Jjillie Saiom—wore eau^le-nil under cream muslin, brown hat and gloves to match ; and buttercup silk under cream muStib, brown hat and gloves to match, and *£ach carried a beautiful bouquet; Mrs. Moss, black silk trimmed with shot silk and jet bonnet to match; Mrs. Hajris, cream and black lace, bonnet to match ; Mrs. Jacobs, black moire, and jet bonnet to match. The presents were exceediogly numerous. Dear Quiz—In a country township not fifty miles from Adelaide there i» a portion of the populace who are known as or consider themselves as " sassiety folk." It is truly amusing how the ladies strive to outdo others on their " day ah home/' Not more than a month ago it was announced that Mrs. Blank was going to give the biggest reception ever held ia the town. Mrs. Lorditall was the first to appear, and made herself very much at home, leaning on her elbow and partaking of a luxury in the form of a green apple. Gradually the number swelled to ten l**dies, who each in turn followed the example o£ the first apple muncher. The apples were soon devoured, so a supply of sour grapes were brought in* and at the same time a lady, whose wit is excelled only by Mark Twain, was shown into the drawing-room, which is about 25 feet by 40, correct measurement. The witty lady was accompanied by two bosom friends, and on entering exclaimed, l4Oh, good gracious* Mrs, Blank, what a corroboree. Why, they're like a lot of babies crying for some thing to eat. Come on, Mrs. Blank, where are we to sit, on oiir thumbs?' Mrs. Blank was dumb founded. Likewise her visitors.—Willie Spifkins. A case of horsewhipping resulting from un welcome attentions paid to a young lady is said to have occurred in the city on a recent date. There is said to have been a spice of romance ih the proceedings, but the whippiug was very prosaic. 