(Sireuit Uewz. Balmain. — (Darling-st.) — Rev. S. 'H. Macda^e conducted his beautiful .-and impressive musical and pictorial service in this church on Sunday -evening 7th inst., in the presence of a very .3arge congregation, every available space, including aisles being occupied. The service was opened by displaying on the sheet the text, ' God is a Spirit, \--and.. they that worship Him must worship Him in spirit and. in truth,' followed by singing the hymn, ' All people that on 'earth do dwell.' The subject of address waH based upon Rev. iii. 20. ?' Behold, I stand at the door and knock.' The following reproduction of great art pictures were shown by means ?of a powerful limelight lantern, illus trating the various points of the ?sermon. 'The Light of the World,' ?' Tis gone that bright and orbed blaze,' ' John Howard,' ''The Holy Child,' ' The man of Sorrows,' ' Christ in 'Gethsemane,' ' Christ leaving the Pisetorium,' ' The descent from the Cross.' The various hymns with music, also the lessons were shown on the sheet. The service was one which will long be remembered by those who were present, many of whom were non church-goers, and to whom we pray that the service may be specially made an avenue of blessing. Beeey. — Some time since it was suggested by Mr. Colwell that a united Musical Festival Bhould be held, the proceeds to be equally divided between the three Protestant churches. The Presbyterian minister refusing to join the movement the suggestion was carried out by the Anglican Church and 'our own. Arrangements were made with Mr. W'. H. 'Parkinson, of Sydney, who prepared a very' fine programme, ?including part songs by the Feldwick Glee Club, consisting of Messrs. Par kinson, Foggitt, Macrow, and Feldwick, solos by Miss Amy Simpson (soprano), and Miss Constance Evelyn (contralto), ?cello1 and mandoline soIob by Signor Podenzana, and recitations by Mr. Harry Leston. ' The concert was under the patronage of Dr. and Mrs. Hay, and when the night arrived, the weather being specially favorable, the School of Arts was well filled by a representative .audience which thoroughly enjoyed the treat provided. At the close Mr. P. H. Morton, M.P., proposed, and Mr. A. J. Colley, J.P., seconded, a vote of thanks to the visitors. On the Sunday evening at the conclusion of the usual services a musical service was held in the School of Arts which contained the largest audience ever seen in the building. ' If with all your hearts,', ' Come unto Him,' ' He shall feed His flock,' ' In native worth,' ' With Verdure clad,', '* The people that walked in darkness,' together with two sacred quartets were given ii splendid style by the visitors. Though the expenses were heavy the ?churches concerned will receive accept able aid in addition to' having provided .a rare musical treat for the music loving inhabitants of Berry. Wallsend and Waeatah. — Rev. D. O'Donnell's mission here was a great success. The church haB been lifted out of its unbelief, and, two nights excepted, the communion rail was ?filled by enquirers. There is a thoroughness in the evangelist's preach ing and methods we much admire. Wallsend is said to be a hard place spiritually, but even here the Holy -Ghosts finds good ground and we expect ?that if He be honoured by believers to ihave many souls. We arranged to carry on the services to the end of the following week, the Rev. B. Kenny and Capt. Hensontakinganight each. About 82 came out during Mr. O'Donnells stay and several since. And the good work is going on. Gotjlbtten.— On Sunday evening 6th inst., a thanksgiving service for the late ?welcome rain was held in the church ?here. There was a large congregation and the service was marked by much fervor. Special anthems, ' O Lord, how Manifold are Thy Works,' and Jackson's Te Deum in F, were excellently rendered by the choir, Mr. T. Sharp presiding at ' the organ. An impressive and excellent sermon, appropriatSto the service, was preached by the Rev. J. Gardiner. Dubbo. — A farewell social was given on Monday evening, Aug. 31st, by the members of the C. E., S. School, and Choir to Mr. and Mrs. Wilcox, and Miss Littlejohn on their removal from the circuit. A preliminary meeting was held in the school-room at which most complimentary remarks were made regarding the services rendered by Mr. and Mrs. Willco;x in Sunday-school work and in the choir, and the speakers, the Rev. R. M. Laverty and Messrs. J. Carrand E. Adams, Senr., bore testi mony to the faithful and effective labors of Miss Littlejohn in the C. E. choir and Sunday-school work. One and all desire for them God's blessing in their new spheres of usefulness, and pray that elsewhere they may serve the cause of Christ and Methodism as they have done in our midst. The meeting adjourned to the parsonage and a most enjoyable evening was spent, closing with the heartfelt ''God be with you till we meet again,' and by the remem brances of past blessed social intercourse and mutual help and blessing echoing in ' Praise God from whom all blessings flow.' A large meeting of ladies and gentlemen of the Dubbo congregation was held on Monday, Sept. 7th^ to discuss ways and means of reducing the Trusb liabitities etc., and an influential committee was formed to carry out on a ?large scale the resolutions of the meet ing ' That an Industrial Exhibition and Fancy Pair be held on the last week of November 1896 in the Protestant Hall.' The effort promises to be a success, and if the season proves good for the country friends and members, we hope to very materially relieve the funds. 