My ^ Husband* • —Tr^-:©;-—^— CHAPTER V. It seems strange, butjit is only at times that we see our darlings 'as they really are—only a± times it is the veil removed from pur eyes. It was so with me, and yet, when once more I sat on-the sands, with Tessa by my slde, I could not give up hoping that I had been wrong. I looked forward to great things: still from the remainder of our stay at Holmsley, and then after that, she should fietunt with me to. my own home, where Martha and I would nurse her . back to strength, and health. - I was weak myself, so doubtless thought less of Tessa than I otherwise should, srnd she on her part, never complained, while:, besides all this, a something seemed to fill my inmost being, a something I could not straggle against, a something, too,, which, ail undefined asit others had done before; and after tea we sat quietly talking, Tessa and I, with the baby on the floor by qur side. . . When nurse came in, as usual, to see that we required nothing more for - the. night,. she, at Tessa's request, sat down for a few minutes ^ ^ " I've seen but little of you to-day " sighed the good woman, "and, to tell the truth, I'm rather tired now." "You have had a hard day's work, nurse," I remarked. " Yes, but as I had Mrs. Ford to help nie, and it's well over now, I 'mustn't complain. She's a good washer, is Mrs. Ford, but rather queer in her ways. My husband says that she's upset by the change of the moon, but I doubt me sometimes if her head is just right always." Tessa appeared to me to be strangely interested. " Has she any children ?" she asked, and although she tried to speak carelessly, I detected a husky earnestness in her tones. I listened anxiously for the reply—was this lodger of nurse's Mis. Ford's son ? " Well, yes, miss.: She. has .one son over in Australia, and; he was queer like .tjhe^, when Jhejwas . at h"0me. Nowtic sfeefns ifery different, thoogh,if>whathis mother says is true. Burgiss says he don't doubt it, and that 'tis all owing, to their moons being different to ours—- shining in the daytime, or something. Anyhow, he must be steady and able to woik, for he sends lots of money home so Mrs. Ford says." " Is she a widow ?" I felt it incumbent upon me to ask something, and my mind being at rest respecting the lodger, as well that question as any other. "Yes, it was when her husband died that she turned queer, and had to be put away." " Put away ?" " In the asylum, I mean," nurse hastened to explain." " It is not pleasant to have her so near," I remarked, anxiously, for thoughts of little Rob, when entrusted to Jane's care, arose before me. "Oh, die never hurts anyone, Miss Dora. She's only tricksy and chatty. I s'pose you heard -that commotion out there this evening ? Burgiss was afraid you'd be frightened, and wanted me to come in and explain bnt I knew you were both together, ] and 1 was busy so I did'nt come J he paid for tiiem as soon as ever ] came in. w What; Was he—what were they, I mean doing ?" questioned Tessa. Something inihe anxiety she ex pressed struck;me. Why should this lodger interest her ? Why I should she. have been . talking to that other man, or listening to his j conversation on. the beach? I, in my turn, felt interested, and watched j Tessa keenly. She caught my eye | and her face became deadly pale. " Well, I can hardly say, miss, but the^man began joking her, and the | moon changed last night, and she more flighty than usual just now, so J up she catches. a pail of water, and I made sure as he'd have had the whoie of it over . him. He did'nt though and Tie paid for what he i broke." There was silence for a few minutes, then nurse began 'again : J«There's something' strange about 1 that man; but where he gets it I can' j say." ! " I understand that he was a paini ter, working at the New Church at Kinesley," I ventured to. remark. "I said as how 1 thought he .was -going on there; but bless you,'he's no more a painter than you or I,and as to work he does -none that I can hear of, except now "and then when when he lends a hand to a farmer for a few hours. We don't even know his same.- Then he gets letters evety day, at least so folks say as have seen him meet the postman every morning. Burgiss asked the postman if he knew what his name was, but he said he did'at know, as though Burgiss could take that in." Again myeye fell upon Tessat, and she was paler thanever." " I should not like to have him in my houses" I said, vety,decidedly. " He may be a man who is hiding from justice, ypu know,nurse." -'On, la ? I^feope not Dear ilie, Miss Dora, how you do frighten one," ancLnurse half rose from her chair in alarm. ' Hush, Dora. He is noticing of the sort" • ' sharply on "Tessa* " I know nothing," she quietly resumed, " save that it must hurt you to grow so nervous over little things." "How do. you knowthat Tam nervous ? I am sure you look as pale as a ghost."yourself. Confess, Tessa,'that you are nervous too." You cannot see your own face, dear," was all the answer I received. Nurse, meanwhile/ was looking from •one to the other, as though un decided as to what she ought to do. Presently she began in a hesitating way, " if the man annoys you at all, or if you'd rather I sent him away, I'll " but Tessa stopped her. " Nonsense^ nurse, the man doesn't interfere with us—let him stay on as long as he likes. It doesn't look either as though he were in hiding, as Dora fancied, else he would not go about so openly, and receive letters from his friends, as he does." I was angry, for it seemed that Tessa was not only making light of my fears, but was taking all responsibility on herself, and, after all, tiie rooms were mine—she was only friend whom I had invited to share them with me. She was too presuming, and I was making up my mind to say sib when we were once more alone, but jast then- nurse went on talking: "Burgiss asked Mason what he had to say about this man, for you know, Miss, it was me las let the room to him, and saw 'Mason the night he came here; but he said only what he'd told me before—how that he was respectable and quiet, and that Burgiss needn't be afraid to keep him here. Mason, you know, miss, is a Methody, and preaches, so perhaps feat's why he's so close about other .people's concerns." I dare say it's alright dear, nurse dear," I replied,,in a vexed sort of way. Then she she kissed little Rob, bade me and Tessa good-night, and withdrew. All through the next day Tessa and I were very quiet—I trying, so far as I possibly could, to make her understand that die had offended More than once I caught her eyes fixed in a sort of wistful way upon my lace, and it was all I could do to withstand it, yet I did. Towards night, however, as we sat in doors alone, I reading and Tessa busy with her crotchet-work, I noticed that she several times cleared her throat, as if about to speak. I took no notice whatever of her, . and at last she said, " Dora, 1 am going say something,which you will jthink yeiy strafige,'': She;,paused, and I put down < my .book io listen; her fingers were trembling, so that she could scarce go on with her work, and even in the shadowy evening. light I Could see that she was deadly pale.. "I must go to B . to-morrow/' she continued, in a low, husky voice. \ 1 heaved a deep sigh of relief. "Is that all?" I asked. "I expected from your way to have heard something much more wonderful," and I rose and . lit the lamp, as though her words had not affected me at all. Daylight even in the moment I had withdrawn toy attention from my book had seemed to die away rapidly, so that I could not see to read hiy it any longer. Tessa, I saw, was working on with meeklybowed head, and having lit the lamp I again returned to my reading. She did not linger by my bedside on the morrow for a "farewell look, t at least I did not wake to find her there, and on my .going downstairs she was, as I gxpected, gone.. The day seemed longer than the other day had been, for the cloud, between -lis was .deeper and more intense. Still I longed for her return,. as one longs for needful protection from an evif which one does not understand, and which one feels sure is yet hovering near, and by-and-bye she came; I did not go to meet her, but I waited till she came, and I saw her face brighten at the cosy picture before her when she came in. I was glad, too, for I wanted her to enjoy her tea, for the business which had called her away, whatever it was, had worn her fearfully, as 1 could see by her face. I talked to cheer her up, and, ip spite of her fatigue, she laughed at my little attempts at wit, and joined gaily in all I said or did. When tea was ended, she went upstairs to put away her things, she said, but I heard her pass from her roomltp the dressingroom beyond, and when her footsteps ceased I knew her to < be sitting by the winduw. 1 took little -Rob in my ^ ^ th e | I love her! oh, - I"love her!" I kept on saying to myself, and presently the end of it was that I went upstairs, resolved to tell Tessa of my love and doubts, and thus leave it to her own love for me whether she would now strengthen the one and dispel the other or not. CHAPTER VI. She was sitting with her face to the window, and as the door was ajar she did not hear me enter, so I stole noiselessly across the room and J stood behind her chair. At what could she be gazing so intently ? I saw nothing beyond the white, shining ^ rocks, and the sea which rippled like a river in the distamce nearer were trees and fields, as is usual in a Country view, but nothing | more. There was not even the genera! sight of children and j villagers loitering in the lane—notj even Mrs. Ford at her gate awaiting a chance passer-by. Little Rob broke the silence by crowing and laughing, as he stretched out his hands towards Tessa's head. j She turned quickly. " You here, Dora!" was all she said. She did j not even notice baby, who made as though he wished her io take him. I was about to speak when she motioned me to be silent, pointing at the' same time to Mrs. Ford's cottage. A man was just issuing from the doorway. I started when I saw him—he was the same I had seen on the beach, sitting en the coastguard's stool; the same I had found Tessa talking to in the fields, He glanced up here now, and with a slight shake of the head passed on his way down the lane. " Who is that man, Tessa ?" I could keep silence no longer. It seemed almost that she did not hear my question; fastening her eyes on mine, she asked, softly— Dora can you bear pain bravely ? I mean, dear," and her arms stole round my waist, " that i have that to teli you which will recall much of the past, and make you suffer more, perhaps, than I can tell." Her own voice trembled, and I felt her lean heavily towards me. " Tell me all, dear. I |gve you too much to blame you, come what may." I thought, you see, that she was about to reveal some secret of her own, and that I Was to be her comforter as she had hitherto been mine. For a moment or two her courage seemed to waver, then she at last said: " Heaven' knows, Dora, that I would not say a word of this to you were I not compelled. ^ I cannot shield you any' longer, my darling and it pains me' to speaks Oh, Dora, can you bear it ?" "Tell me—tell me at once!" said I for I began to be frightened. Rob" illness came o.i very sudden ly, she whispered ; did it ever eccur to you to acconnt for it ? Like most overwrought people, Tessa spoke impulsively at the last, and I looked searchingly at her, as though bent on reading her very thoughts. Had I accounted for it ? No. I believe I wondered as I sat regarding Tessa if it had aught to dp, with her. You did not, I see. She spoke} slowly, then taking a letter from her pocket she gave it to me, savin: " Be strong, dear, and know and re member that you and I have a great task before us." It was a letter from .Rob.to her self, writ en upon the very day on which he had first complained of J the pain in his head, and, as I read the blood'seemed to curdle in my veins. [to be continued ] 