THE TUilF, RACING NOTES. [By Mentor.] Although some people may be of opinion that we don't get -enough racing, it seems as thoush a very short apace of time 'elapses between one meeting and another up till the end of the legitimate racing year, and before the first day of AuguBt arrives we have nominations for the early events of tho next season. Tuesday last saw Mr. Heseltine busily engaged in receiving entries for the A.R.C. Grand National meeting to be run on August 15 and 22, and a couple of weeks hence will witness Mr. Whitington gathering in entries for the S.A.J.C. Spring meeting to take place at Morphetville on September 1 and 5. Each season the secretaries of the leading clubs seem to outvie eaoh other in their efforts to procure big lists of nominations. —This year Mr. Heseltine has the satisfaction of knowing that he has beaten his own records for previous years for the same meeting, and no doubt Mr. Whitington will succeed m doing ditto for himself. There must, however, be a limit to the number of entries for any meeting or events, as was proved_ in the case of the Melbourne Gup when it was worth £10,000. Although there are but seven more entries this year than last for our Grand National meeting, yet we have all the horses named that.ruigut well have been expected. All the local horses in training are on tho list, and there are visitors to come from Melbourne to give variety to the proceedings and encourage speculation. The handicaps will be issued on Tuesday next, and there will be time -enough -after they have appeared to estimate the chances of the Melbourne contin gent as compared with 'our own, but Mr. Heseltine has reason to be well satisfied that his total on Tuesday reached the respectable number of 234 entries for the two days racing. The first acceptances for the V.A.T.C. Grand National liurdles and Steeple were made on Monday, and we find there are 22 candidates left in tho Hurdle Race, and only one less in the Steeplechase. The final acceptances will reduce the number before they go to tho post, but our two local repre sentatives, Simulator and Banjo, are booked to go over, the double having been backed for a large amount. The scratchings for the Hurdles include Chummie, Triangle, Larnook, Havelock, The Don, Blood wood, Tasman, Apsley, Glenmore, Lucid, and Culzean, none of whom have figured much in tho betting. In the case of Larnook it was early known that Mr. Miller would save him for the Steeple, and so far as Apsley is concerned he has been training badly. Whernside's injury when ho fell at -Flemington caused his retirement from the Steeple, and Romance and Merrigal have gone out, but quite a suffi cient number will face the starter to make the event an interesting one, and as tho journey is four miles there is no certainty yet about selecting the winner. 'The Count,' of Oxenham & Co. (whore turned to his Melbourne Victorian Club quar ters yesterday), did a good deal of betting on Thursday, as tho following list will show : — Caulfield and Melbourne Cups— 5,000 to 5 Trenthani and Broken Hill. 5.000 to 5 Straigbtfiro and Broken Hill, 5,000 to 5 Pivot and Strathspey, 5,000 to 5 Pivot and Hopscotch, 5,000 to 5 Duhallow and Hop scotch, 5,000 to 5 Duhallow and Reka, 5,000 to 5 Duhallow and Strathspey. Caulfield Grand National Hurdies and Steeple— 1,000 to 20 Simulator and Waterloo, 1,000 to 20 Artist andZouroff, 1,000 to 20 Dungan and Zouroff, 500 to 10 Morago and Zouroff, 500 to 10 Morago and Banjo. The following straight-out wagers were also laid : — Caulfield Hurdle Race— 150 to 15 Simulator, 125 to 25 Dungan, l;0 to 25 Morago, 100 to 15 Artist. Steeple chase— 250 to 25 Zouroff, 100 to 20 Waterloo. In the local market for the A.11.C. Grand National and Steeple, Radiant and All Fours, and Jack Sprat and All Fours have been coupled for all the money in the market at hundreds to two and three ; also Radiant and The Ghost and Jack Sprat and The Ghost. Electric and AYanderer were Eent away to Port Pirie on Wednesday to take part in the local meeting to-day. The nomination of Thunder King in the Dequetteville Stakes should read blk or g colt, instead of blk R as published. Hodgkins, the jockey, took his departure for West Australia on Wednesday, having engagements to ride at the forthcoming Cool gardie Cup meeting, -which takes place on. August 6 and S. Happening upon a young fellow who had just got the worst of a fall from a bucking bike in Hutt-streot on Thursday, I dis covered it was Alf Reed, who has returned from his Melbourne trip with Havelock. Alf is not at all enamored with the chances of any of our hurdle-racers in Melbourne, and says the quality is better now than it has ever been there owing to the increased stakes that the principal dubs are offering. It is easier to win on the flat than over the small sticks, hesays.assomanyfasthorsesarebeingeducated atthelattergame. Havelock, who- basafairturn of foot, hadn't the ghost of a show with them, and as there waB no chance of earning oats over there Havelock was sent back again, but he will be kept in work for our coming National meeting. Reed thinks that it is about time he made a book, or did something easier than riding steeplechasers, a game ho is growing tired of. Most people would like to see the crack 6teeple jockey again in his best form getting home first in a big race. We are of opinion that he can still manage a chaser over big sticks better than he can a cycle on the flat. Mr. David James, the owner of Principle, has again had bad luck in losing the services of this horse after he has had a lengthened spell and was coming on nicely in his prepara tian for events on the other side the border. At tho Port meeting Principle was leading in the Handicap, when ho' was seen to suddenly drop to the rear and finished nowhere. On examination it was found he had cut his foot so badly that he had'' to be thrown out of training, and another season will probably elapse before Principle is seen at anything near his best again. Mr. C. M. Bagot desires us to call attention to tho sheepdog field trials which are to be held on the Morphettville Racecourse on Saturday, August 1. On this occasion the secretory of the Agricultural Society ib re ceiving the co-operation of Mr. Whitington, and between them they arearrangingforan after coon's attraction, which will include a parade of two-year-olds, with their jockeys in colors, and of older blood stock, and the Hunt Club have agreed to finish their Tun on the race course, so that patrons will have a varied pro gramme to amuse them, The coming annual meetings of the two metropolitan racing dubs are causing more talk and excitement than usual on account of the -competition that will take place for the vacancies! on the -tfeBpeotive committees. All the candidates named seem -to be in earnest about going to the poll, and their friends are working quietly on tlteir behalf. It is gratify ing to know that fcqth clubs are in a, very sound financial position, as proved by their balance-sheets; -but the 'financial statement of the S.A.J.C. is not made known until the -day of the annual meeting, no other course being provided for in the rules. ' Mr. Hyde, who la up from -he -south-east, says his old jumper Leroy is looking so well after a spell at the stud that if be thought the handicapper would give him about 10 et. at a . country meeting he could win another race with him. teroyj by Sussex from a Panic mare, ; is bred on such stout and hearty lines that' we are not surprised to hear of the old fellow being rejuvenated. When his stock oome into the sale market they should be eagerly sought after for jumping purposes. The North- Western Jockey Club will hold a race meeting at Port Pirie to-day in which, with half a dozen events to becontested and good fields for the various events, a capital afternoon's sport should be enjoyed. For the Flying Handicap of five furlongs 11 competitors have accepted. Haughtiness is top weight with 9 st. 7 lb., and if in her best form would take a lot of beating. Wrangler, 9 st. 5 lb., U.Z., 3 st. 2 lb., and Miola, 8 st. 10 lb., appear on recent form to be the beat of the others, and the quartet should supply the placed horses. In the Hurdle Race there are six competitors, of whom the best are Isinglass and Simple Jim. For the Winter Handicap, one mile and a furlong, there are 10 candidates' left in, and if saved for this event Wrangler and 'U.Z. ehould battle it out between them. There are no less than 13 left in the Totali zator Handicap, and the running in previous events should indicate the probable winner here. The Trial Stakes and Hack Race will complete the programme. A two-year-old of much promise was unearthed at Caulfield on Saturday last, when Man of Honor, a gelding by Trenton from Maid of Honor, won the Two-year-old Handi cap from The Officer, Qualigy, Lightning, and others. He was in receipt of a lump of weight from The Officer and Lightning, but won with great ease, and may come into favor for the y.R.C. Derby, one of the races for which he ie eligible. He is the^properfcy of Messrs. J. Redfearn and M. Jacobs. Compared with the flourishing condition of our own metropolitan clubs racing affairs look bad at headquarters in Queensland. At the last annual general meeting of the Dunedin Jockey Club a balance-sheet was read showing a loss on the year's transactions of £319 15s. lOd. the receipts having amounted to £18,241 18s. 7d. and' the expenditure to £18,560 17s. 5d. The Hon. G. McLean, who presided, in moving the adoption of the report, detailed the negotiations w^th the Forbury Park Com pany, remarking that if they went through Ireland they could not get a landlord to be have in the same way as the company had. It is stated that the underwriters who were on the policy insuring Trenton for his voyage to England, when the horse so noarly died, subscribed £15 to be given to Ewart, who was in charge of the horse, as a recognition of the great exertions he made and his ceaseless care, thanks to which a fatal issue was prevented. Trenton was insured for £6,000. A Victorian writer has figured out the amount that would have been returned by backing every winner at the late V.R.C. Grand National meeting at the quoted prices, to a person who began with one sovereign and 'played it up.' He assumes, of course, that the ringmen were strong enough to accommo date, and the result of his calculations is that the backer would have turned the original sovereign into £1,79G, 131,200. He further adds ' possibly on the following Monday some of the smaller ringmen might have had to ask for time.' Mr. A. O. Whitington has received the formal nominations of Messrs. A. W. Ware and H— Bickford for election as committeemen of theS.A,J.C at the annual meeting, which will bo held on August 7. Tommy Swivel has been withdrawn from the Melbourne Cup. 