CORRESPONDENCE. ' THE CALEDONIAN SOCIETY AND LT. WHBELMEN. 6 lb, — The article by ' B pokes' In your issue of last Saturday seems to me to show that he is getting Into a drivel, or else that the league spectacles are altogether too * strong for blm to see through. He says in bla letter tbat I attacked the City Cycling Club ; but 1 have said nothing against that club. Then he proposes to read between the lines of my letter ; bat in this he signally \- fails, so that I most presume those spectacles are again obscuring his vision. Though 1 hare Been contradicted again ana again, i have hitherto made it as clear as 1 can that members of tbe City Oj cling Olub form a majority in the league as at * present constituted, and In proof of this statement I will give a list of the names and the clnbs ihey represented in the ; league at the time I wrote my letter, and if their glasses are as highly focused as those ' worn by 'Spokes' they will not have a ghost of a chance of seeing anything bat O.O.O. : — Tasmanian O.O., Hobart, repre sented by Missis. O.Leeming and A. Harley, both members of O.O.O. ; COO., Laun ceston, by Coulter and Barnard, O.O.O. ; Longford, by J* French, C.O.C. 5 Speedwell Cycling Club, Hobart, by J. Hallam, C.C.C., and Benjtficld (doubt, ul); Mr P. Colqu houn, captain of O.O.C., aud secretary to league ; Oatlands Cycling Olub, by G. Wilton; Lefroy Cycling Club, by G. Barker; I Beaconefield Cycling Club, by Mr fichultz ; Uiverstone and Devonport not represented. I have already made it very clear to tbe ordinary mind tbat the leagoe, to be re spected, should be composed of gentle men of known Integrity, well posted In sports of this kind, but not associated with any individual club, who could then act more independently and hold tbe scales of ja&ticc; more evenly between clubs and between riders and clube. II Spokes' proposes to put tho whole dispute in a nutshell, but gets as far from facts as he well could. Let us, however, look at tbe Caledonian side of the case. The League of Tasmanian Wheelmen propose to charge two guineas for patronage. My society do not object to a fair and reasonable fee, but refnse to be mulcted in that amount on the precedent tbat one of the league's affiliated clubs, vis., the O.O.O., applied for aud obtained from the N.T.A.A. affiliation and representation for tbe fee of one guinea. .This minor point, i.e., tho one guinea, m shown l& my letter, does not stand ia our way, but seems a ?tumbling ? block to the lesgue, as wo have already offered to pay that amount to any charitable institution tbat may be agreed upon. As for gratitude we owe them none, ae cyclists were the first to propose that the Caledonian Socicty should give them a race or two. This was granted, . and has been continued ever slncc, and 1 think tbat ' Spokes' from experience will admit tbat the Caledonian Society have | bave before stated wo have tried all reason able means for over a period of five weeks to arrange matters with the league to our mutual satisfaction, but we havo been un successful, and have been forced into the position we have taken np by the selfish and domineering spirit displayed by the L.T.W. —yours, etc, J. 6. Kebb, Hon. Sec. Caledonian Society. 