FALSE EVIDENCE By E. PurLLroa OPlENnEIn. Author of "A Monk of Cruta," "A Daughter of the Maronitu etc. Published by special arrangemernt oilh Messrs Ward, Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL RIOnTOi REnIRVED]. CHAPTER XX(II. ttI TIll tTURnton OGULLRY. It is Sotralg that, athough ano many years have paesd. that seon romains A though written with letters of fire into my memory -vivid and olear. Word for word, I sln rememober uvery oosentences that was spokeoon ; and the different oepretsslon on the faeoo o oach I could, if I were painter, faithfully reproduce. Sir Frannoi gaood at mo speeoh. ole In a sort of helplss apathy, looud And Ldy Oliveo looked horrified and thunder struok, and my Unolo Report, withos face psle a deaoth, wnas haking fromhed to oo. with eyes rivetd upon mon in a sort of fas olnated bewilderment, no thnogh I were one risen from the dead. Sir F"ano'e seemed to he th first to roovuer hnimoelf. "Arbuthnot I Arbothnot "ho exolaimod "nbhat does this mon 1' I pointed to my uncle, and he seemed to shrink back from my outstretched hand. "Cannot you seeo" he flteired. in a hollow tone, "Look at him and the pic I had moved a step forward unonsutcoouly, and waos tauding In the oentro of the broad stretch of moonlight which was stroaming in from the high window. Sir Froonoi looked at me, and then gave a groat start. " My God I Arbuthnot, boy I Who are you f Speak I" Sorugh Arbothnot, son of Heorborh Ar huthnot, who coos called himself De troo " I answered, proudly, looking Sir Feuools steadily in the faon; ' and who would bh a Devorex to ill," I addod, "but for that man's villainous lie." Iapert Devereux turned hir head bany. as though oonbl to meeot the fire which blazed frommy eyes. Maoud had sunk .half fainting upon on ottoman, and Lady Olive was byhoer id Sir Frnoio stood gzlog fixedly at me, as though in adream. "It oon't bosr" he muttered, hourroly. " He oeold never have had such a on as you. He was a coward l" "It's a lie I' I thundered-o voehemently that Sir Francisr staggereod baoo aghast, "Roupert Deovereux I" I cried, taking a qiu strideto hi eldo, 'noon you, doare you rook me in the face and toll me that my father was a coward I You, who bribed John Hilton, your sorvant, nto a shameful con uplraoy that you might atop into hir place I You, yon-speak, man, and toll me I Was Herbeort Dovroenx a coward 1" He was white to the oips with a fear not merely physical. Hu aonaos seemeod alope. fled ; and though I waited amidst death liku silence for a Iull minute, he made me r Answer. I turned my hauk upon him oentemptuously. " Sir Francis i" I cried. " Ho oomldlie to otraogers and to yon, hut tomo he dare not. Belore heaven, I swear that my father is an innocent mao, ohamntollly sinned against by him"--I pointed to my unoile. "Out of meaon jealousy, and for the akeo of being your heir, he did it-he poerjured himself. He to call himself a Dvrouxu, and my father robbed of his name and honour by snob treaoherous villainy I Don't I you wonder that I don't kill you ?' r oried, turning round, a very tempest of passion sorging up within me. "God knows why I don't do It I Sir Frncln,I appeal to you John Hilton hue oonleseod to me that his story was a lie. My father Is a brao a soldiser ad a gentleman as over Devereunox was. Tell mo that you belioeve It. Lot us make that man confeos, nye. oven though we have to tear his guilty secret from his heart I" Sir Fraunchs had racovored himoself en- d tirely, and was again the aristocratio un movable soldieor. " Hugh, my boy, I beolieve you," he said,n kindly. ' Be my grandson, and I shalt thank God for it, and be proud of you. BUt I you are mistakerun habout your father. A court-martial never errs." d The hope whio'h had sprung up lt myb heart died away, nod in its place had leaped t up a hitter hatrod-hatreod of Ruprt De rveronx, hatred of my grandlfather, hatred of isnd, of every one wn o rofueo o to bhlieve in my father's iunooenoc. I drew bok t from Sir Franoci's outstretohod hand, and looked at him prooudly. "Noeor Sir Frannis. Iwll not call my y self your grandson, or take the name cf Dovereux, until my fathor hoears it too. 1 would sooner live asd dio Hugh Arbuth' not." Thon, without another look at one of them, without even a glanol into l laud' white faceo, I turned, and walked slowly outc of the gallery and out of the houne. CHAPTER XXIV. A MIDNIOu T VISITOR.. Like a man in a .dream, I walked with unsteady footsteps down the avenue., h through the shrhubbery, nod across the porko to thu outiage, I had forgotton my laon- d key, and the serrvant who had anewornem y ring welcomed me with a littleo cry of relief. " John was jst a uoming up to the houo t for you, sir," she sxolalmed, shotting theu door again. "There's a strango woman wants to nee you most particular. Sho'sa hbeen here more than an hour, a freitting ever so behouoe you wasn't .are." t " Whore is she " I' askeod. n "In your study, sir. l eoo'l as there was nothink about ao she could lay 'or 'ands on before I let her in."e I had no doubt hut that It was the wife of one of the tenanti on the estate, though t whyshe should ohoososuch a sitrango time I for bsr visit I oould not imagino. Lint when I walked into the study I saw at once thatn she was m stranger to me. And yot, no. 1 had seen her lfoo before somewhere. She rose nervously when I entered, and polled her shnawl closor around bar. e " You'll exuoro the liberty I vo taken In coming, sir," she hbegan, hurriedly. "I 'a it ome to do yor a seorviceo. Yo. dount seem to reoolloot me. I'm John Illlton'e wife ; d him as you conmed to soee t'othor week." n It reaognlsed her at no.e, and boamo moro a Interosted. p "Yoo see, sir, it's like this."sho wenton. I "My Jack, he'o had one o' hi drinkinog fits I on, and he's always mortal mischievousn after one e' them. Ito seems to a got aw powerlful' sort o' a grudge ogln' you, and thoroe's that piece o' paper as you wrotei ont, and he put 'to name to. Ioe Says ao 'ow ha might got lagged for that If you d showed It." s " Welt, has ho sent you and gut it b away again asked. hi "Not he I I hb knuow'd oCorr '0 hr at oll o'do hall hill mo." " Well. what is It, then " I Anrsked. I " Weoll, It's just llke this." ieo answered, ti slowly ; " he's a oming himselr to try and p get it back uglu " "Indeodl And when moy I eopoot p him 1' 1 onvnqirod, bosomiog ouddenly lunter-o estod. d "Tonight." Ileaned haok in my nhair,and laughed Ii dryly. Thowomonmurotot ho oad. " Tolu't no laughing matter, mtteor," she said, sollenly. "You'd n laughed ti t'othur side o' your mouth, I on tell 'n, it d hnds' a ohoson tor come nod tell 'o. bI p nlb't n' coming to aor you for It. He's o oumlng to taoe it, and to pay yer naok h somethntg ns ysr trvn 'im at our oottage- or him and r mate," - I hongn to tso what it all moant now, and h to onderstlnd why the n omn had r dome. "Anud 'ou'v come here to put mr ou my guard, Is that It l" I rcmarktsd. to "' You. Yerogveroa money whon I was I starving, nod I lbit sort'or grstoful. And l ohmu I 'rard them two blnaoguords a plns. it nlng how thoy'd stutls yrio I thought as they just shouldn't. II you pots a bulletint c that 'long Jam,' whioh Is my man's pal. I Shall thank yor for it. Jack's bad enough, :poclally when he's just getting round from a poll o' delnhlng, which he i norw ; but ho's a sight worse, Cuse him. Ho's always a leading my Jack into something." _" What lime are they coming 7" I asked, thoughtful.ly " 'cord 'em any an they'd meet at Cop't Oak, which is a milo from hero, assoon so it were dark, and hide until you wa all a.gon to bed. I'm mortal aardl of their seeing me, although I shall go 'omo te'other way." I pressed her to stay at the cottoge for the night, but she stubbornly refoed. Her J'ak would kill her ihe faound on t that she bad been hero, he declared. Buat b fore sh went I made her drin a glst of wine, and till her pockeot with the broad and food which I had ordered in. Thi. promised to be an eoxoting night for h me altogether, I thought, a I drew out my revolver Irom the cupboard and caroefully loaded it. I was not inolined altogether to believo or ellogeother to di.bollovo this woman's story, hutal atny rat there was no harm In being prepared. 1f I hd gone to bed, there would bhav, been ittlo sleep for no with my head still throbbing with the vivid recolleotion of that terrible scone lo the ploture gallery. I dared not think of it, f dared not let my thoughts dwell for an Instant on the Ioevitable consequenoeA of whet had hppeoned. The exoltemeet of what mi;ht shortly tate plaoe kept me from the full ,lohenln rcalieatlon of the change whioh that evening's events must make In my llfe, but underneath It all tohere was a dull aching pain in my heart, for had I not lost ?aod 'Preeontly Mare'a and Myr fIoldorn ar rived. I had forgotten their very oexltetnc, and directly to latter had taken, his leave, Mbrian was full of eager. agitated qae. lion,. Why had I lolft so suddonly lied I quarrolled with Sir Fraenol Dverenox What did it all meanv Maud had goae to her room with white face and to bking like a ghost, and Ledy Olivro had not again n. tored the dancing.room. Sir Franola had apologloed to his guests with the agitation of one who had reoiveod a gruat shook, and Rupert Dovoroux none of them had soon again; and I was mixed up In it. What did it ail meon i " Not now, MIarlan ; I will toll youn to morrow1 walt until then,, I bogged. fat she would not wamt. Then, with a groat effort, I braced my self up, and told her everything. She lis tened with evergrowing astonishment, and when I had finished she slipped down from my knee aod sank upon the harthrug. "Poor papa I" she aobbed. I" No wonder you hate that Rupert l Bleat I OhIngh, lHugh, why otuid you not tell me before I ought to have known," sho added, tre proarhfully. "It cwuld have done no good," I an. swered. A wave of sudd o arxlty passed across her faoe. " Oho gh I" she sobbed. "C har-, tIr Hold--" " Mr Holders knows all about It," I In. terropted. "I thought it right to tell him whoT he asked me for yon." A great relief brightsned her Ifc., and she smiled through aher tear. Even a woman is sslfilh when she ols n loe. "I em clad he knows," she whispored Lookiag into the fire. "aow strange it a l seems I Why, ur name Is Deverux ; you will te Sir Hugh Dovroux. Why, Hugh, I )evreuxa Court will be yours some day I" "Naver r" I nswored, firmly ; "' until Sir Frants asks my father's pardon, and re. calve him as son, I shall never take the name of DLoverox or eonter the Court. I hare sworn It, Marian." "And it Was noble of you to swear it, I Hugh," she whispered, oming over and kissing mo. "They ay truth always comes I out some timo or other. Perhaps thie willt come right aome day." "For our fathor's sake, pray that It may do, tlarine dear," I answered, gravly. I " And now run along to bad, I have somem writing to do." Sho lingered by my side. " Hugh, what are you going to do now? - You willleare here, I auppose ' a "I most, Mairlin., Unlesa Sir Frannieo deolres otherwise, I shall remain kere untiln he has found some ono alse to takeo my t plaoe, but It will be as Hugh Arbuth. nat, hi. agent. only, and into Doverenoxa Court I will not go again. It will be wellc for Rupoet Devereux too, that he keepsouta of my way," I added to myself. " When does Mr tioldern want to marry youn, Marian I" I asked her suddenly, changing a the subjaect. She bluahed upto her oye, and looked at me half pleased, half roproachfully. t " foghl How could you aki me litke that I -I doant quite know," " Bfocaue you'll have to go away with mo. you know," I continued. "I can't leave I you behind." She looked serious enough now. 3 "Or coursa you can't, IHugh. I don'tn think I onught to leoave you nt all. You'll boe F alone If I do, with no one to look after a yon.' g I protended to look serious, as thought considerinog the matter, but ber piteous en. preaslon and qunovring llps were irroesisttlebl a and I broke Into a raeaoritnog laugh. "Not I, Marlen I It is the beas thing that culd possibly havero happened. When I I have no longer you to look after I shall go abroad, whoerever our fltheor Is, and share hil lot. Country lift ie beginning to got wearisome to me. I was meant tO ha l. b dier, I think. Now, hMarlano, you must b really go to bad. I want to be alone." It WaS pa twelvero, and I was beginning to get anxloa. But she astill lingered fora t moment. " Ilugh, I had almost forgotten, I have something for yonu, ant a message." 1 boet orsr my desk, leat she sahould see the light which aprang into my lane. I did h not wish even Marian to know my seoret, " What its it ?' I aked. "se qulok." " Whby, she came to me like I'ove never a .eon her before, as lifoless and sorrowful as anything, and samd-,"Toll your brother that I think he In behaving nobly, and thatI I hope weo shall alwaya be friends.'" v "' ho aid that ' I onolalmed, starting n round, " Mend said that I'" IMy sister looked at me smared. " Mand I I didn't say anythiug about Mod I She didn't ovonapesa? to me. It tl wae Lady Olivo, and she seat you this." I I atrotched out my hand for the gold- a topped ota- glg. little smelling alits, which y Marlan was holding out for me and laid it Or down bcfore me. Dslappointed though Ik was, It was a kindly act of Lady Olivo's, T and I was justt in that mod when a man ap prolatesauch a one. Foramoment er two I felt very tenderly towards Lady Olivro; ; for, reckless littlo girt tlhough aho wa, sheh waa generous and warmhoartod, or she would neveor have done this.a "It la very kind of her," I saild, huskily. ' " Good- night, MSlrian I" w " tood-night, Ilughto. Dou't sit oplate., f dear. and don't fret. It makes me foel so d solliah. IHugh, to think that I can't hetlp a being happy beouaaeo--heoaouo of Charho, hI but I can't help it. I do love him so, and he is so good to me." a Then at last ashe went, and I was leflt alone. Ilrst of all I puta heavy shade upron T the lamp and plaood it so that no one could h poassibly ae It frn, outside. Then I v lilnihtd loading my revolvero, and put a lifet prreorvr inmy bleuat pootot. tilog out hr on tiptoe into the hall, I opened the pattago door, ondalso loft my own wide open, no t that If anyone should atlonept to enter Y the hoter from any room 1 must hear Y them. Thliseemed to me to bkall that I could do, and drawing my easy uhair into the oernor of the room which faoed both door and windows, I sat down ead waitod ri patiently with my rorolvor on my knee. Yr Attirstthe tima did not teem long. 1 had momt to a nrlsie In my Ile, and thure wra muoh to think about. In the tweonlte. hoerver dark and donbktut tire fature mt h he, there Ia alwaes a uertain aasoination con neotsd with it--palblltls, hoawevor C reamte, witoh tho sangtane eplrlt of youth if lovom to peer into and luvretltiga. And to I oat nnd thought, and cousldared, and longed, without ever getting atrOpy, or feel ing aha spell of Ceariness. TwO o'otook struok, and of a sudden a i curious ohbago tame over mi. I becme tloq I vle'rel" tletsse that I could sit no longer h, to my chair. Sober-minded people may m soofat sano a ettoment, but I deolaro that t some irreslistiblo impulso compelled me to to go to the nearest window and look cautiously out. d The window was not ono of the front one, but was one which looked sldeways over a It strip of garden, a thick privet hedge, Into Ita dark black fir planttion, through which ,ran a privateo pathway into the gardens of the ourt. At irst I could ae nothinog; then suddenly the blood died out of my ,r heekos, oven from my lips. and I stood r transfixed, rooted to tho spot-.my lips ,t numboed and helpless as thongh under the ,pell of some hideous nightmare, f What my eyes looked upon my reason re. d fused to crodit. Turning from the hand. gate of the plantatlon, without a hat, and r with a wealth of golden hair streaming down upon swansdown cloaLk wa-Maud I SIt was lmuosslblo-it was rldioulona-it was beyond all aredence. And yet my straining, riveted eyes watohod her walk slowly, with her usual statoly, even tread, down the graessgrown path be'ween the plantation and the hedge of the cotlage garden, and disappear from sight. Though au earthquako had yawned at my feet I could nothave moved. No'hlag hbut r ond can break up such a spell as this sudden shohk had laid upon me. And the Sloud onma for suddenly there broko epon the stlllnes of the night such a cry as I had never heard bofore--the thrilling, agonlsed shriek of a woman in mortal fear. CHAPTEI XXV. LiLo the shoek from a galvanio battery did that sound breathe life Into my Irozen limbo. Holding a ehair before my face I literally horat through the high French I window, crashing the glass and rpllntering ithe framework into a thousand p!cces. With the ory of a wild beset I dashed at ors the laIn and leaped over the privet hedge. Mead, my Mehd, was suarely a I dozen yards from me, struggling In the grasp of the man who had come to rob me of hle confesion, with his great hand prossed against her wild, beautiful face to I t-p her aries, They hoard me coming, and he half re lohsed her, and with his other hand pointed a revolver at me. But paselon most have lent me wings, for before he could pull the trigger I had dashed it into the air, where it exploded harmlessly, and with my Ilenched fist I struck him such a blow as I had never strouk before or suine. He was a powerful man, with a thilck, bullet-shaped heand, but he went down like a dog. and well-nigh never roe agaln. His companion, without a word turned, and ran across the park like a hare, and I let him go. eaud wase in my arms, sobblog hysteri. rally, U sed with ths moon shinlg down on her blanohod but exquao lte face, and her whito arms thrown rouud my neok. If ehe were the daughtor of tho prluuo of hell she was still the woman I loved; end I etooped and covoeed he r oold fie anod lips with pssaionate khsos. Then r caught her up In my arms, for she was sivering, and ran with her to the house. Every one had been roused by the sound of my exit, and the report of the revolver, Marian, with her dreTsleoggown loosely wrapped arosnd her, was stlsdlng trembl. iog at the hend of the stairs, nod behlud her were the servants more frightened roven than she. When she saw me oroes the hall with Mld'e lifelesas form (for her faint seemed almost the faint of death) in my arms, she gave vent to one cry of blank amazement and horror, and then horried down to us. "Hugh, Hugh," she whispered, olinglng to me as I laid my burden down o the soef and fall on my knees by Its sIde. " Maud heroel Maud out in the park atthis time of nightl Whathashappened, Hugh? What does it all moan ?'" " Can't you eel' I mattered hoarsely, never withdrawing my eyes from the white, ould fans. "She aa had a fright, and has fainted I" " But what on earth has brought her here -out atthis time of night? And In her slippers, too I" I was on the point of saying that I knew no more than she, but suddenly the troth gashed Into my mind. MHed had walked oee In her sleep I rhad heard her se tht bfor a rong time she haod boen obliged to have her maid in her room at night, and selop with looked door ; and that when Sir Foancis lay dangerously ill not many years ago, nearly every night whenr she had gone to bed thinking of him, ohe had risen in her sleep and tried to make her way I to his room. Then she mast have boon thinking of me I A eudden thrill of joy passed through me at the thought, and Harlao looked at me in stupefied bewilder. ment to see the smile whioh for a moment psrted my lips.g "She must Oave come ont in hebor eleel, Marian," I whlapered. "Thero were someo men hanging about outalde- poachers I sep. pose--and they have frightened her. Get some brandy, quick I and tell one of the girln to light a fire. We maust have some hot water." She horried away, and the door had soarcely olosed when blaud ohanged bhe position slightly, and her lips moved. I boet my ear olose over her, and this is what S heard-a ' Hugh I Hugh I," MIy heart throbbed with a great joy. t Seddonly I stooped down and kissed her half open lips passionately. Then I drew book and stood upright, for I saw that she was fastreovering onseiousness. c First her breatheing became deeper and less fitfol Then, with a little sigh, she opened her eyes and raised herself a little on her elhow. She looked around in blank bewilder-. ment. Then her eyes fell upon me, and the hot oeloar rushed into her oheoks. "Mr Arbothnotl Why, where am IT How did I elme here? and those men," she added, with a shuddar, "thosn fearful men; was it all a dream ! She rasled her hand to her forehead and looked at me appealingly, I hardened my voice as much as posslloe, and avolded moeting her yesp. S '" I think I caon explain to you what has happenod,"I said. "Yoe most have got A ep in your sleep, eand walked down through the copse. There were some men onutside I I belivee they were going to break in here, and one of them must have oscaht hold of you, forwhen I heard you soream and ran out, you were struggling In hin grasp. I koooked him down, and the other ran away. A Trea I orrleed you here, and here you are. Madtlaen has just gone out to fetch somes brandy." WVomanlike, her first thooght was of her appearance, and she eat op and looked at herself eagerly. Evidently she had fallen asleep before prepsrfng to retlro, for the only ohange In bher dress since the evening w.e that she had exchanged her dinner. A gown for a long white dressingrobe, and let down her hair. Nervertheless, she blushed C as she sat up, and looked at me pushing back the waves of hair from her face. "Iremember falling esleep In the easy chalr,' she said, slowly, "and after that everything seemed like a horrid dream. Those men's fearaful faces, and youe-ob, how liereoo you looked I Bt it aloil seems A very indistinot." Then Msrlan Dame In, and she turned to A her smiling,. "liss Arhotheot, I'm afraid you'll thlel: this a very unseremonouns morning call. Yen didn't knowI was asleep.wathrr, did earlan pet down the deoanter she was earrying with a little cry of relief. "Oh, dear, I'm so glad to see yoe all b right again. What en awfel adventure you'se had I' Mood smiled placidly. She was her old Ii velf again, stately and composed. "It might have been agood doal worse hut for yoor brother," ehe aeknowledged f ''I wonder ii theyve found oet at the Court. Thny'll he getling a little oanious il thee lase." "I Unles I'm very muoh mistaken iheyo'e bound out." I answeled. "Listen." Itwent ootandthrownop' thohalldoor I Clesriy enough we ooold hear the alarm hell at the Coust ouanglng out with shrill, 1olok ainohes, oul toe oeholo ol the puek Sseemed dotted with man oarrylng lanterns, Slooking like will-o'-tho-wieps, and making the soft night air echo with their boarsoe hoots. Two fiEgare wererapldly approaoh ing theo ottages, and I bailed them. "Have you noon anything of Miss I)overoour' called out Grovoes the head butler. "Shoe out In the park some -her a-walkIng In her eleop." "She Is here," I answered, and thenI went In and told Mnaud that they had oome for her. Marian loft us to find a warmer cloak and thicker shoes, and for a moment we were togother. She turned to ma at onne with a sweat, sad smile on her lips, and a look ofiregret shining oat of the asuredepths of aher eyes. " Mr Arbthot, I bad quite forgotten. in all this exoltemo?nt, what happened in the plotare gallery. We are oons no, are we not 1' I shook my hebod. "It lenot a relatlonship which I shall claim," I answered, slowly. If I should eee you again before I go, Miss Doverean, it will be as Mr Arbuthnot." Hier eyes were speaking to me1-epeakhnl words which her lips could not utter, bat I avoided them. lEsger vlrone were hanrying through the garden and Msud held nout her hand with a hurried gesture. " A. any rate, yen will let me thank ynu for your timely aid this evening iBut for you I don't know what might have happened. S took her hand and raised It to my lips. Then I letit drop, and moved towards the door. I think I ought to thank you rather," I answered, with a pretoeoe at a laugh, "for giving me the alarm. If thoee foellow had got into the house and taken me by sorprlse, things might have been worse for me, at any rats. I opened the door and admitted Groves and several of the other servants. Francls Devercox was there, too, but he stood on the pathway outside, without offering to enter, neither did Ilinvte him. IMaud went out to him at once. and then I explained to the gaping little crowd what had happened. " What became of the one you knooked over, sir !' asked Groves, after the little chorus of wondering exclamations had sub. sided. "There now, moot likely," I answered, with a start. "I'd forgotten all about him." We all troopad over to thepot, and there ho lay, dooubled up in the uoderwood,hlb face drawn with pain, and stil unconsolous. To say that I was sorryfor him would have been a liel; nay, If Rupert Dovoreaux had lain by his side I shouod have been only the bettier ploawed. Bot he lay so still and motionless that Istooped ever him anxiously, and felt hia heart. It wan heating, though faintly, and I felt distinotly relieved when I looked up again. " Hl'o alive," I deolared, "but only jest. Botter get him some brandy." They brought him some from the house., and I poured it between his lips. He re vivod at one. " W d a bSet take him up to the Court, sir," remrked Groves. "Yo won't want him down here with only yoorselw in the house." So they look him away, and as the leong streaks of red light In the east slowly deepened until the autumn san rose ap from behind the pine trees like a ball of glowing tire,. I threw myself down on the conch and slept. To be Contlinued 