FISHER'S GHOST. The Foundation of the Legend. We reprint here from an ancient num- ber of the "Sydney Gazette," which a friend lhas procured for us, the true facts on which the legend of the notorious " Fisher's ghost" was founded :— SUPREME COURT CRIMINAL. (Before the Chief Justice). FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1827. George Warrall was indicted for the wil- ful murder of Frederick Fisher at Camp- belltown on June 16 last. The informa- tion charged the death to have been caused by sundry wounds inflicted on the skull with a stick. The Acting Attorney-General, W. H. Moore, Esq., stated the case, and then called Mr Daniel Cooper, who deposed that he was acquainted with the deceased and also the prisoner. Their residences adjoined each other in Campbelltown. Witness, in answer to questions by Mr. Moore, believed the deceased lived on the premise of the prisoner at the time when he disappeared. The deceased and witness formerly had dealings together, and when he disappeared deceased was in witness's debt about £80. Witness remembered the deceased being confined in Sydney Goal for an assault on a man named Booker ; the prisoner appeared to act as agent for him at that time. Be- tweeh the time when the deceased was missing and when his body was found the prisoner frequently called on witness re- specting the debt due to him by the deceased. He offered to pay the money provided wit- ness would give him up some papers belong- ing to the deceased which he had in his possession. Some time after the deceased disappeared witness received a letter from his overseer at Burnbury Curran, stating that the deceased had left the country, and that the prisoner knew, and was authorised to let him know after he was gone.. Wit- ness spoke to the prisoner about it, but he would give no satisfactory reply. He said he supposed that all witness wanted was his money, which he would pay upon his giving up the papers. Witness asked the prisoner to tell him whether the deceased had gone or not, and told him that if he was not gone out of the country that he would wait for his money, as he did not want to distress the deceased's estate ; but the prisoner would give no direct answer. The prisoner showed considerable anxiety to settle the debt due to witness, and called frequently to know if witness would give up the de- ceased's papers, but when questioned as so Fisher's absence Warrall always spoke and acted in a very evasive manner. Witness suspected at this time that all was not right, and that the deceased had been made away with. The deceased was very near becoming free, and witness never could have supposed that he would have gone away and left his property behind him. Witness considered the deceased at the time of his disappearance to be a perfectly sol- vent man. The prisoner told witness in con- versation that he was acting as agent for the deceased, and had a written author- ity for so doing, which he said he would show to witness, but never did so. Cross- examined by Mr. Howe : The prisoner said he had a power which witness understood to be a written document. He did not say positively it was, but he said he would show it to witness. Witness had known the prisoner about three years, and never heard anything against him up to the time of this accusation. Witness was perfectly satisfied the deceased was solvent, and was not in court on an occasion when he swore he could not tell whether he was solvent or not. By the Court : The papers which the prisoner wanted were some title deeds be- longing to the deceased. James Coddington deposed that he was overseer for Daniel Cooper, at Burnbury Curran, near Campbelltown, and knew the deceased personally, but had no acquaint- ance with him. Witness had occasion to be at Campbelltown about July 8, and met the prisoner at the home of a person named Hammond. He proposed selling witness a young horse, the price of which was partly agreed on, but on coming to look at it wit- ness had every reason to believe that it be- longed to the deceased. Witness asked the prisoner where the deceased was. He re- plied that deceased had left the colony with £300 in his pocket. Witness inquired what authority he had for selling Fisher's horses. Prisoner said he had purchased them from him, and had his receipt, but could not find it then ; and said also that it was a se- cret about the deceased leaving the colony. Witness did not purchase the horse, arid no his return home wrote to Mr. D. Cooper in- forming what he had heard from the prisoner about the deceased. Witness went to Campbelltown a few days after and called on the prisoner, who showed him the receipt ; but witness, from having seen the deceased write, had considerable doubt that it was genuine, and did not think it was like the deceased's writing. On account of his doubts he would not purchase the horse. The prisoner never stated to witness what reason the deceased had for going away so suddenly. Thos.Hammond stated that he knew the de- ceased. He was living at Campbelltown up to the time of his being missing. He was building a house there, and witness heard was residing with the prisoner. In the beginning of July last the prisoner came to witness, and stated that as the deceased had left the colony, he had got some sawn timber to dispose of, which he wished witness to purchase and take immediately, as he apprehended an execution. He said the deceased had left the oolony, being afraid of a prosecution for forgery. The prisoner also said that he had writing that empowered him to dispose of Fisher's property, which he would show to witness, but never did. Witness came down to Sydney in the month of August last, in company with the prisoner in a gig, which he told witness belonged to the deceased. Witness had some conversation with Mr. Cooper when he came to Sydney that time about the disappearance of the deceased. Witness told the prisoner Mr. Cooper had said it was his opinion and the opinion of the world that the deceased had been mur- dered. The manner in which the prisoner received the communicatlon induced witness to think that Worrall had had some hand in making away with Fisher. When witness and prisoner came to Sydney on that occa- sion it was agreed they should put up at the Emu Inn, at which place witness saw the prisoner after his return from Mr. Cooper. Witness told him what Cooper had said. He then made no reply, but turned pale and endeavoured to force a smile. Perceiving the effect it had on him witness ceased the conversation for some time, and afterwards told him if he knew anything of the de- ceased it behoved him to give an account of what he knew. He said he had left the colony, and that was all he knew. Witness did not see the prisoner again that day, and he had reason to believe that he did not sleep at the Emu Inn that night, as it was understood that they were to sleep in the same room. When he saw him on the fol- lowing morning he said he had been to Parramatta. Witness advised the prisoner to go to Mr. Cooper and inform him how the deceased had left the colony and in what ship. The prisoner was at this time in pos- session of all the deceased's property, which consisted of land, houses, and some horses. After his return from Sydney witness had some conversation with the prisoner, and strongly advised him to give some account of the deceased. He said he could satisfac- torily show that he had purchased the pro- perty of the deceased, and all he knew of him was that he had left the colony, and was on the salt water. He afterwards showed witness a receipt which he said he had from the deceased, but which witness, being well acquainted with deceased's hand- writing, immediately said was a forgery. The prisoner said the deceased had given it to him, and witness replied if he had, it must have been a trick, as he knew it was not Fisher's handwriting. Cross-ex- mined : He had some reason to believe that the prisoner could neither read nor write. The prisoner acted as general agent of the deceased as well before his death as after. Witness never heard the deceased say he intended to leave the colony. William Sykes deposed that he knew the prisoner and the deceased. He had some conversation with the prisonor after the dis- appearance of the latter. The prisoner al- ways said that Fisher had gone out of the counrty. Worrall told witness that he pur- chased from the deceased a grant of 30 acres of land, a gig, and some horses, for which he had a receipt. Witness had heard that a man named Talbot purchasod one of the horses from the prisoner. The prisoner, after his arrest, desired witness to tell Tal- bot if anyone came to inquire after a mare he was to say he had rented her for three months. Cross-examined : Could not say what might have been the prisoner's reason for desiring him to give that message to Tal- bot, but witness suspected that the prisoner had sold him the horse, which afterwards turned out to be the case. Mr. Lewis Solomon stated that he was well acquainted with the deceased, he had often seen him write. The receipt which the prisoner said he had obtained from the deceased, and which was exhibited to wit- ness, he positively swore was not in the handwriting of the deceased. Edward Weston deposed that he resided with the prisoner about six or eight months ago at Campbelltown. He was Government servant to him, and knew the deceased. He resided on the adjoining farm. He dis- appeared in June last. Witness had known him for four years and never knew of his being in debt. He was a man of good cir- cumstances and was possessed of farming implements, horses, and other property. He had four horses. Two of them were sold by the prisoner about a month after the disappearance of the deceased ; one to a man named Wood and the other to Talbot. The prisoner said they were his, and that he had purchasod them from the deceased. They were sometimes on his ground and some- times on the prisoner's. After the deceased had disappeared the prisoner said he had purchased them from him, and also branded them afresh with his own initials. (To be continued.) 