'DO PLAIN fiiKLS £VE^^i6Wi-iiETTY.' ^ The answer is, not aiwayp. S metimes a girl of ordimary looks grows into a most fasci nating woman, and, if not absolutely beautiful, may claim to be good looking. How olten the tailj 'bbnyj ; awltward girl-T-the 'ack'noeyledged ugty duckling 61 the faniily— develops jnto a nsrfeet snecimen of lnvolw woman - The bony limbs have srounded themselves, plomp soft fliah has filled up unsightly hollows, the equareneea and angularity are departed,and the budding woman is delicately proportioned as VenUQ. Just bo the plain girl of Bovonteen may in time become the attraciivb'y'oubg-lady o? twenty-four or so. A face Ihif ' In e'atly youth is blank and devoid of ^spresaioh' Often caanges considerably as the girl' grows1 older, giving to tho features a beauty that was not traceable before. Beauty often desertB^ the lovely Ionian. Care, worry, or illness play serious havoc with a handeomo face ; and not these alone, for Nature, of .her own accord, sometimes erases the loveliness, leaving the face, a very ghost of its former self. i Tha features are not altered bo much oo the ex. preaaion, and expression hao a deal to do with the. beauty of countonanca. In faetj' a 'plain face owes much of its un&ttractivenees; to its lack of expression-— there is a heaviness trad ' otoliduy about it ; whereas a beautiful one, If not actually bristling uitb animation, has a graceiui umuetu uuu eado iut4t uuua yrcuity 10 its charm. For the plain girl in her teens there is hope of restitution, for as the maid becomes a woman ehe undergoes a wondeifuj transformation. With the development oi iha figure the face often alters considerably, and mostly for the better. How often one hiars tbe remark among friendo, meeting after some f aw years of absence, ' How you have altered j I really shouldn't have known 'you;' Plain girls, therefore, are not always plain; and healthy exercise, happiness, and contentmer.t with care and attention, may do much towaid the development of good looks and goneiaj [attractiveness. ; ? ? i 1. 1 1 . ? 