Chips and Chaff. «*Pat, do you understand French.?''• "Tea, if it's spoken in Irish." .. Doctor: -" If you bind salt pork on your tee .it will cure iooihache.'V. Patient: But, doctor, won't it give mo pork chops .J" The man who is born to be hanged will never he drowned ; but ic is beat not to ven ture too for boyond your depth, young man, for all. that.'* ..• * . '*I'eee that you havo tulccn down the barometer that used to bong on your - wall." "Tea ; it was too. suggestive. There was alwaysastorm brewing." •. Cabby: "Hov a cab, air?" Passer-by: "Awfully good of you, .old man; but I've! really nowhere to.put it.''- Cubby growls un printably, and the episode is dosed. The country newspaper remarks that the man who takes a djg out footing, with him cannot help feding glad sometimes, when he comes home, that the beast is dumb. . . The country newspaper remarks that the man who takes a dog out sliooting with him cannot help feeling. glad sometimes, whon bo comes Lome,-that the beast is damb. - Cabby: "Heva cab, sir?" Passer-by: 1 Awfully good of you, old man; but I've really nowhere to put it." Cabby growls unprintably, and the.episodo'is dosed. Young Hopeful: "I had a fight yesterday with the boy next door." Father: "Yes,, his father called at my. office to-day about it." Young Hopeful: " Ihopo you came out as well as I did." • Neighbour's1 Boy,'(looking through the fence): "My. father's a heap bigger man than yourn !.";.New.Boy (with cold disdain): Sise ain't nothin'! ;When my father coughs, yon can hear him half a mile !" At a crowded concert a young lady stand ig at the door of the hall, was {'addressed by an honest Hibernian who was in attendance on the occasion. "Indade, miss," said lie " I should be glad to give you a sate but the empty ones.ore all full." . .' A poor* Irishman offered an old saucepan for sale. His children gathered around him and inquired why'ho parted with it. ..".'Ah,' me honeys," he answered,; "I would not bo after parting with it but for a little money to buy something to put in it." At, the Mwwteeide.—" From this time on I shall believe in ghosts," said Lottie. ""Whyso?" "You know that 'widower* who his been devoting himself to me all the evening ? Well, his dead wife appeared just now and took him home." Poor Jones had been whipping the stream all day without a.rise. Hidand-Laddie : "They're best fryet iii butter,sir."Hieland Lassie: "Ye micht gie'a a' ye canna eat yerselY sir." Hieland Xaddie:. " Wall come owre an* cairry them hame for ye, sir." Fond Mother:- " Willie, as yon come home from school stop at the chandler's, and get me two* bars of soap' r and a pennyworth of barley sugar." Fond FiitKfer: 'vWhat on earth do you want the.sweets for?" Fond Mother: V Oh, that's so he'll not forget the Two Irishmen were working in a qnarrv, when one of them fell into a deep . qnarry hole. The other, alarmed, came to the mar gin of the hale and called out: 11 Arrih, Pat, are ye killed intircly ? If yo'rcdcad, spake.", Pat reassured him from the bottom by saying in answer"No,. Tim, I'm, not dead, but I'm spachlcss." . V >; Bridget, an old'family servant sometimes jumps > at conclusions. On coming up from the cellar one' morning she announced to the mistress that the cat had caught two rats the night before. Mistress: "Why, Bridget, how do you know?" Bridget: ."Befcwo there's the head of wan and the tail avanither down there." On April 1, in the lifetime of Sir Joseph Nccdham, Chief Justice of Vancouver, some jokers nailed a quarter of a dollar to a ride walk, and then watched with delight people .who were trying to pick it up. Along came the Chief Justice, and when befoundthe coin nailed, he calmly proceeded to kick away at it with his foot till he loosened it, and then with grim satisfaction put it in his pocket. . _ 