what beqamkjfiukiiifiias'r. W. li Aldek, in " yulk Tide.' SWMQas,\vasjui excessive and un necessary Araerican. That was the uuauiuiouti verdict which his fellow artists passed upon buu whi»n he made his first appearance in Paris. . . . " Probably you don't believe in gliosis," aaitl Siuuuous. " But if you'd known as many ghosts as 1're known, you'd understand that ghosts are as common as cats, and pretty near as intelligent." " Two years ago I was painting in Venice, which I consider the meanest i town on this side of the Atlantic, and I can't say worse than that. It's ruinous and dirty, and inconvenient, and you can't get anything fit to eat in the whole place. It has the biggeit ghost population of any city in the worm, though the general public clops'nfc know it. You see, the cemetery is mighty uncomfortable, there being at least a foot of water in every grave, and the consequence is that most of the people that are buried in Venice prefer to become ghosts and wander around the town, where they can manage to keep dry. I was wanting to paint a picture of the Northern Lagoon, and one day when I was looking for a good place to set up my easel, I saw a house standing just on the edge of- the water, that looked as if it had been shut up since the time of Julius OaBsar. I saw that if I had . a room in that house I could-paint my picture without any interruption, and no I made inquiries about it. Well, 11 found somebody who professed to be the agent of the owner of the house, and I rented a room for three francs a month. "1 soon found that the house was a regular ghost barrack. They didn't show themselves, but they made a lot of noise. There wasn't any lock to my room, and the first night I slept in it the ghosts opened the door, and let in a current of air that gave me a cold ; so I put a cheap lock on the door, which kept out the ghosts, though any ordinary burglar could have opened it with a nail. Some times the ghosts would come into my room while I was at work; but beyond making the;furniture creak, and oc casionally knocking something off the table—for they are a. careless lot—they didn't disturb me in ..the .daytime.. But at night there seemed to be whole gangs of them going up and down stairs, and h^lding political-meetings and ^ougetijjs. Rights conventions ijb, tlie next room." Every riowlatod then sv used to get up and go ftut- on the ' ^ -landing, and ask them to* remember that they were keeping a poor inoffen sive foreigner a.«&ke.; \- ' ;; :: *' 0<ie day I went to the bank to draw some inobey that was coming to | me frouv A.merica|atid co ca3h adraffc1 for a picture that I had bold to an English tourist. Altogether it made a good bit of money, and so tbe banker paid it to me in gold, because I never trust any &f; this foreign, paper money. It filled a small bag, and as.it was too heavy for me to-carry in my pocket, I carriedit in my hand, though the banker warned me that I was putting temptation in the way of the poor, and triflitig wifch the feelings of the crimi nal Glasses. I had my dinner at a restaurant, and afterwards spent most of the evening at a cafe in the Piazza, where I used to go to read the papers. About nine o'clock I heard thunder, and, not having my umberella, star ted in a hurry for my room. " The storm came up more slowly than I had expected, but soon after I had gone to bed il arrived, and gave a first class exhibition of what Venice can do in- the line of thunderstorms when she gives her whole mind to it. It rained as if the water had been emptied out of a thousand washtubs ; the lightning was so sharp that it half blinded me, and the thunder shook the whole house from top to bottom. As for the wind, it howled worse than a London milkman ; and as there was too much noise for sleeping, I just lay in bed and amused myself Matching the lightning. All at once I saw something that I don't mind admitting gave me a start. I told you that King Arthur, as I used to call my suit of armour, always stood in a corner of the room. Well, I happened to bt looking in that direction, when a flash of lightning showed me that Kin^ Arthur had moved about two feet away from the corner, and was standing perfectly «tili in its new position. 1 didn't mind ordinary ghosts; but when it came to a suit of aruiou: waltzing around a room by itself, J didn't like the look of it. I lay there in the dark, trying to persuade myself that I had been mistaken in thinking that I had seen the armour standing in the corner when I went to bed, auu saying to myself that the woman who took care of the room must have movi d it. I knew all the time that itwasn'i true; but when a man is fool enough to be frightened at a ghost, he i? always fool enough to believe any moderate lie. But by-and-by there came Another flash, and I saw that the fighr£ had moved a couple of feet farther along the wall, and had one Hand stretched out, as if it was feeling its way In the darkness. Now I knew what was the matter. Some ghost had got into that suit of . armour, and was walking around in it. ." Probably the ghost that was- in side of, the armour found it difficult to walk in such a heavy suit of clothes. '; "At any rate,;he moved about as slow as a district messenger boy; and ifybuknow anything about district messenger boys in London, you know how slow that is. The next flash showed that the figure had left the! wall along which it had been sidling, and was coining straight toward the bed. It was only about fifteen feet from me, and my heart began to beat at the .rate of about a hundred and fifty to the minute. " However, my fright didn't last i many minutes. ,1 reflected that a weak ghost in a heavy suit of armour would be about as useless for fight ing purposes as a professional pugilist who is in the habit of writing to #the newspapers. I made up my mind that I would then jump on it and upset it on the floor, the chances being that I would have plenty of time to find the j matches before the figure could get on its legs again. I gathered myself to-1 gether for a spring, and waited till— j according to my calculation—King Arthur was within striking distance.' j "Then I threw back the bedclothes and made a jump for my visitor. I struck biiu good and square, and we both came down with as much rattle 1 and clatter and bang as if we had been a dozen lengths of stove pipe. " I stood fur a moment wondering what I had better do with my visitor, just to teach him a useful lesson, when [ happened to think of a stick of solder that I had bought one day when X wanted to ineud several cracks in the breastplate of King Arthur. £ lit my spirit lamp, heated my solder ing iron, and laying King Arthur in a lian<iy position on his back, began to solder the different pieces of his armour together. I soldered his front tud back plates till nothing less than -i cold chisel could have unbuttoned hem; I sol.lered his helmet tight to his shoulders, and I soldered his leg pieces from the bip down the foot. I vorkedover the job for a futl hour, md when I had got through I had { .nude hiui pretty near watertight. ! " 'Now, my ghostly friend,' I said, 'this will teach you not to come into a gentleman's bedroom and take liber-' ties with his curiosities. You've put yourself into that suit of armour with out leave, and you'll stay in it till I'm ready to let you out, which wont be for some time. I'll just tie your legs, to the bed post, so that you can't shuffleaway before morning, and then I'll make up some of the sleep that you've deprived me of with your foolish and indecent games.' "Well, I tied the figure's legs to the bedpost, and then I blew out the candle and went to bed again. When I woke up in the morning it *was broad, daylight, and the storm was over.; '^ looked over the <ude; qf <(^6 ; b^ j»;fiee how King Arthur was get ting on, and I never was more "sW prised in1 my life than I yras to j^nd that he had gone. I jumped up and looked under (he bed, that being the only place of concealment in the room but my friend wasn't there. The door was locked as usual, and the key was under my pillow. It was clear that Kiug Arthur must have gone ou« by way of the window, and then I noticed that one of the front windows that looked out on the lagoon was partly open. I went and looked out of it, but there no figure in armour in sight. The tide was unusually high —higher, in fact, than I had ever seen it before. Not a soul was stirring at that early hour, and after wondering what could possibly have become of my Buit of armour and its wearer, I went back to bed for another nap." Simmons paused for a moment, and we all thought that be bad finished his story. 1 was just about to ask him what his explanation of the walk ing suit of armour was, when he re sumed. "Do any of you fellows read Ital ian?" We all assured him that we did not. "Then," said be, taking a news paper cutting from his pocket-book, ' Til translate a little paragraph that appeared in the Adriatico—the Venetian paper—ten days or so after my experience with King Arthur. Lis ten to this:—'Yesterday morning two fishermen, Carlo Fabris and Antonio I Scamoz/ii, made a discovery of the. most horrible in the Canal of Burano. Seeing something shining under the water at low tide, ihey arrived to bring it to the surface. It was a com plete suit of armour of the fifteenth century. In addition to being fast ened in the usual way, the armour was soldered together, and when the fishermen had prized the visor of the helmet open, they were filled with horror to find that the corpse of a man in an advanced state of decomposition was enclosed in the armour. Evid ently one treats of an atrocious murder, and thepolice are soon to make an important arrest.'" We al l agreed that Simmon's ad venture was a remarkable one, and nobody ventured to express any doubt* as to. i.ts,literal truth. Simmons was hardly the sort of man with whom to discuss a question of veracity. But after Simmons had gone home, and left us still at the dinner-table, the man who had been sitting next to him picked up. from the floor the newspaper cutting which Simmons had translated. It had been cut . from Oalufnani's Meanenger, and not from an Italian paper; and instead of re ferring to a gruesome discovery by Venetian fnhtjriiien, it simply con tained the hours of the departure of trains from "Paris for London. 