AQUATICS. JNTKRCOl.ONIAl. EH'.llT-OARED JiACEi SYDNEY, May IT. Thc intercolonial eight-oared race was rowed on Saturday on the Parramatta River in ideal weather, and ou an ebb tide. There were many thousands present at the start. The oars of the three crews struck thc walor well together, and Sloane at once set the Victorians a stroke of forty-two to the minute. t¿ueensland rowed at forty-one, and thc New South Welshmen at thirty-seven. The power put by the Victorians into the first dozeu strokes carried them well to the front of their rivals, and before two hundred yards had beeu travel sed they had a lead of half a length. New South Wales stuck to them, but Queensland dragged behind, and it was soon seen that they lacked power and even- ness in their work, and the pace was such a clinker that they could not hold on to the lenders. New South Wales at Walker's hospital had crept up to the Victorians by quickening their stroke, but the dark blues responded to the cull of their stroke and swung along preserving their beiuli ful ewing and time. Bluxland's Point was passed in i min. 5Gseo., where Queensland was two lengths behind, and tailing away fast. It took 7 min. 47 sec. to reach Putney, where Queensland was seven lengths in the rear, and without a ghost of a chance. A ding-dong fight between tho Victorian and New South Wales crews was kept up, thc alumina shown by the Welsh- men surprising thc spectators. The Vic- torians, however, were rowing with delightful prccisiou, uud reached Gladesville in 12 min. 30 sec., a length ahead of New South Wales. Queensland at this point was in the rear of thc umpire's boat, which was compelled to go ahead of them. They pulled on to Abbotsford, where they gave up apparently disgusted. Victoria still kept the lead post One Man's Wharf, which was reached in 15 min. 24 sec. Herc thc New Soutli Wales crew made a gall .ut spurt, and shortened the Victorian lead to hulf-u lcugth. bul when the winning post was reached they were just a length behind. The race was finished in 17 uiht. 17 sec., after u spleudid contest. Thc Victorian crew were much distressed. 