A RACING STORY. CAMBRIDGESHIRE TOM. (From London Truth ) If is now Jun^uq-n since lie (lied—so lonjj rhnt,'hi$ v>-ry existent lias b-i n forgot!«•!•. Yet there was a time when he enjoyed; an extraardiimry repntation, and when iminv who knew nothing wh.iK-vc-r lib.iut r;u_-in£ t r jockeys aciv deeply interested in tin* carter of Cambridgeshire Turn. He was employed wliefi a lad, in Dixon's training' stables ar Newmarket, and nt-fiie &s;*e of st-ventreu, on account nf his verv lii_'ht weight, lie was put np by his employers t<« r ide ;i rank outsider in tlie Camhrirhso. bhii* of l Intt year. The heu.-,t v. us not ronsidered to have a chttnce, being TiierelV lull as H'p^cenjflker. Uur, Turn rode him uiagni6cent ly, and landed the event by-a bead. Seeing ihut thv .yvinp'er'H ^prige was fifty to one and th.it he did nut curry a shilling. his success was not hailL-d with much delight—except by his jockey, who w:is tremendously elated ; in fact, the lad could think ami talk of nothing ejstj fyj- weeks, and made himself h. perfects nuisance to all bin associntfcp by COnfUuEtiy harping ujkih tho race. But bin fine riding that day had attracted notice, and not Vopg jaffcerwards he was •' put up " oh fc. niuch better animal at Liverpool. Here a most unfortunate accident befefl hint Iu the course of the ra?e fractious younsrster overpowered his jockey and hoi ted, colliding with the colt which Tom was riding. The latter was badly thrown, landing upon his head, with the result that he sustained a aevcre concussion of the bruin. Fdr a very long time he lay unconscious, and it was a to*8 np whether he lived or died. He did, however, recover in A sort of Way, but only ivifh the loss of his .rcuHou. From that day furward poor Tom was u feeble, hopeless idiot. There was only one subject upon which, he could talk intelligently, or upen which be would talk at all. That was the i-aco for the Cambridgeshire, in which lie had ridden the winner! It had occupied his thoughts at the time of the umMcuf ; it seemed to have crystallised permanently in his brain to the exclusion of all other ideas. Whenever them was a racemeeting at Newmarket, there he was to be found loafing nbrtut the course, a ragged,shrivelled atom of humanity! muttering to himself as ho walked, and always mutt<yiug tfie 8[UJl0 f,i ( i story— how he had ridden and won that, famous radi. He soon became a well-ktiown character at Newmarket. They callexl him Cambridgeshire Tom ; and the more good-natured would' give hini feoiiiG Biimll coin when they met him, in pity for hie forlorn state. On such trifling gratuities 1 1C kept hiniBelf a^vve sonu^ow, dragging out » wretched existence, and growing more haggard and imbecile erery day. Twelve months went by,and another Canibiidgeshiie was near. Those who encouuterod Tom began to notice a audden improvement: in the poor fellow's aspect and demennour. He wore n less ragged outfit; he held htrasolf juore upright; and, above all, there^ was a keener, brighter look about his face, which was in strong contrast to the painfully vacant stare vbidb nad hitherto possessed it. " UjHm , my word," tbey said, « he ii getting ilia Wits back. What if he should grow sane again after all!" The man who was most impressed with this possibility wan Dixon, the trainer. Three days before the Cambndgeshire, one of the grooms came into hiB office, and told him that the poor idiot bad called to see him, and wouldn't, go away without dointr so. " He declares," says the^roora, " that he has very particular business" Dixon laughed, not ill-naturedly. fiU was a good-bear ted man, if R trifle coarse in hia inantiors and language. " Damn hjs business," he said. "What sort of business can that blessed Juny have with me ? Wellwell—show him here, George. We'll be civil to the beggar. He did win the Cambridgeskire for our stable, after all, and put tljeir noses at Kingsclewi out of joint, Poor chap ! What a pity he's got his brait.s jumbled. Ho would have made a fine jockey too." A minnt| or two later Cambridgeshirs Tom was ushered into his presence. " Well, my lad," said the trainer, eyeing him shrewdly, and noting with great surprise the increased intelligence of the idiot's face • "and what can I do for you this morning—hey ?" "I wants to ask you something," replied Tom, speaking in a tone of suppressed eagerness, "Firo away then. What is it?" Dixon told Tiim, encouragingly. "Jt ! s just this. Who will yon put up to ride Firefly on Wednesday ?" " Hey?" cried Dixon, knitting his brows, and staring with a corpus look at Tom's eager face. "Whv. Grasshopper Sam, our stable-boy, to ! ' sure. But what the devil makeB > i ask ?" "Grasshopper Sam ain't got no hands for a tender mouth like Firefly's," said the idiot shaking his head. She'll be all over the place with un up." Dixon was conscious of an increased sense of wonder. The imbecile was talking good sense, in a rational way —a thing which he had never done since bis sad accident. "That's true,"admitted the trainer. " Sam's bands arc not as light as I could wish. But we'vo no other ridfr as scales under seven. So Sam it must be." "Now look'ec he e," ai severed To.d, uli.f: :ng uer'/o.'s'y fr»m one. foot to the othiir, '• La- d'\e take J:;V vt i -ht to be?" " Don t know. Not much." d D:Xoii, opL-ain^ ins eyes wide in wonder as to w'.iat nus coming. " You've hhivmk j-.i! her th;Oi gi'uwed, :uy lad, in the last year." *" Six—fop.r ; r,ot an ounce over,'' replied Tom, impressively. And then he added, with in ten-e, p.iinful e.igvr lies-. •• \\\ hv ll it put me up, sii', to I id«- Firefly ? ' Dixon repressed mnmentary tendency to laugh on;right. There was Ft- iething pLitl:etic in the lvqnest, wiiich, in spi;e of its ahsaj^litv. r^st I ri 11: him fmm doing anvthiii'^ lh:;t would woui-d the p.ior felloe 'm sensMjiliiies. lie merely suid, therefore : " 0!i, tliiit is iiupos-iljlc, my l:id. You ai-e tixj mueli weakened by youi | accident; your ueives are too much shatteivd, and all vliat. . You could never mana^o a skittish lilly like Firefly." "Oh, but T could," pleaded Turn, stieirhing out ho*li his bauds, entn>atingly. " I'm good for nothing else. I k;imv. In any other rnce I Couldn't even sit a lady's hack. But the Cambi idge«Lire ! I could ride anything in the Cambridgeshire. Tm quite myself again—for the Camluidgcshiru ; and if you put rue up on Firefly I know th.it X -shall win the race." By this time Dixon felt more impressed than he was perhaps aware. Like mar.y ot her sporting men, he had a strong vein of Fupeistition mingled with his practical common sense, and he entertained vague ideas abnnt the supernatural intuit i veness which is credited bv some to the insane, Besides, it «vas quite ti-ue that Grasshopper Sam hr.d no hands to speak of; win-reap, before his accident, Tom's had been tlio lightest in the stable. He siill, however, persisted in his refusal, only less firmly than before. " I'd p it you up willingly, my lad, ' he said, "but your nerves are not fi ! for it, and I couldn't run the risk of your breaking down." Look'ee, sir," pleaded p-jor Tom, mora earnestly than ever, " just you test me. Let ine ride Firefly in n trial, and if I don't handle the filly to your witisfaciion, that shall be ihe end of it. But I know her mouth as well as my own ; I do indeed." The tiainer regarded Tom very keenly, and stroked his heavy chin with his hand, in a meditative attitude. At last be said, suddenly :— " Right, my lad. You Bhal! ride a trial, aud that shall settle it Be here to-mon-ow morning at six shtirp." The idiot uttered an ardent cry of gratitude that was truly touching, and, falling, upon his knees in frout of Dixon, caught, one of the laser's hands in both his own, and tried to kiss it. " Come, I say," said the trainer hastily, drawing his hand away. "This won't do, you know. Get up, my lad, like n man. Yon must control yourself better than that; else you'll tiover do to ride Firefly." Tom rose quickly to his feet at these words. . '•'Ne vor foar, sir," he exclaimed. " I can be a mun again—for the Cambridgeshire. But for nothing else—for nothing else, God help me !" "Very well," replied Dixon, clear- ing his throat with a modest cough. " G«^od morning. To-morrow, mind —6 a.m. sharp !" "I'll be here, sir. Aud God - bless vou for your kindness, Mr. Dixon. I'll not break down in the trial ; 'cos, yon know, its a trial for the Cambridgeshire—the Cambridgeshire!" He repeated the word, and lingered on it lovingly, as he quitted the office. Dixon watched him out -with a bliglitly- moisteued eye. "Tnt—tut—" he said to himself. "I wonder if I've been a soft. No! No! I believe that poor devil will do it He's as sane as I am, in this particular matter, and his hands are Al. George—George—Damn you, George! Why can't you answer when I call you, you 6on of a gun ! Send me Grasshopper Sam !" Next morning,soon after six o'clock, before the October day had fairly dawned, Mr. Dixon and Firefly'* owner were out on the Heath to witness the filly's trial, with Cambridgeshire Tom up. The trainer, although he expressed confidence, was inwardly very nervous as to what the idiot might do ; but he had taken every precaution against a possible accident, and had stationed a couple of mounted stable-boys forward who had orders to stop Fii-efly, in case she proved unmanageable under her new rider. But, as the event proved, there was no ground for alarm. Tom handled the filly to perfection. And when, at the end, without application of whip or spur, she shot out like an arrow, and won her trial by several lengths, Dixon slapped his corded thigh with a sounding smack, and "By G !" be cried, "He shall ride her on Wednesdav !" " And he'll win, too !" said Firefly's owner, whose ruddy face had deepened to purple with excitement. " I sav, Dixon, I'll have a monkey on the fillv ; and if it comes off—as by Jupiter it it will, with that chap up—I'll split the winnings with you." And it did come off. And Mr. Di xon and Firefly's owner were in the seventh heaven of elation. But poor Tom —whether from the reaction following on his strong excitement, or from some other cause—relrpsed immediately after the rnce into a more imbecile state than ever. " Come ! Come !" said Dixon, to the unhappy lad, supposing thnt iLis extraordinarily sudden change mast have been partially assumed, "jou : m .1st puli yurs-.'lf to^etiier. Torn i Think how spltudidly you ; - .J that j race." j li-iee—r ice r" mustered the idiot. I What Ifln.' Ah. Ves ; the C i III - ; brid,:eshi:e. But .that is over; and j I Alii over with it —till next ve:ir — . nil next. y/>ar 1 •' God h-:!|) i ii MI 1" -oliloquised Dison. | t nrning a^/ay, and cou^hine huskilv. I " Damned it it ain't the saddest tLiu_r j l - ever e-.-'d. A'.d such hunds as j S'jI ' It's t'jo djwnr.^'at melauchj!y i for any?t.ing " j A few ruo..iiis went by, and people ! U.-^an To miss Cambridgeshire To:n't; i familiar figure from the streets of ; Newmarket. j '"Where's the p-xir de\il goner" j asked one of another. And the ani swer was always t!ie same : " I don't | know." That hvi had left, the nei^h- '.MurhuoJ wtis, however, cer'ain. For j U:ron. anxious t>j do anything that he could for the unhappy lad, t<»ok every possible step to discover his whereabouts, but without result. •'I tell you what it is," said the trainer to a friend, about the middle of the next summer. " It's my belief that pool Tom's dead. But it he is aliyc, mind you — which I'm ainiid he ain't—he'll turn up by the middle of October, in time for the Cambridgeshire. I'd stake mv head on ii." Supposing iie shouldu't/'answercd the friund, with a grin. "It would ! be a new experience for yon to lose I your head. Dixon," j " Ah ! But it ain't nothing to make jokes upon," replied the trainer, gr-avely. I can scarcely think of the poor lad without blubbering. Iv's I taken that hold upon me rhat I can't shake it nlT. Such a future as he liad before him—and such bunds ! Ton j my Sam, life is a puzzler '" When the autumn came ronnd, and the Cambridgeshire tirew near, DIJCOM began to grow very restless ami oxcited. He had a sort of presentiment | that Tom would turn np in time for the race. And he determined, ir. that event, to lot the idiot ride Claude I Duval, their light-ciandidate. But if Tom did not come, or if when he came he seemed evidently incapable of r iding, Dixon decided'that he would not send 'h.- Colt to the post at all. Foi Claude Duval was without a friend at So to 1, and, though lie only had to carry Gst., was not considered nearly " class enough" fur a race like the Cambridgeshire. " AH the same," reflected Dixon, " if Tom does turn up and ride, there's no saying what mightn't happen. There's a kind of spell about that chap aud the Cambridgeshire, which 16 very pecooliar, And I'd back him for sjmething handsome, whatever he was on." Tb o days passed quickly by, and the eve of the Cambridgeshire arrived, but Tom never came, and Dixon, at last, abandoned all bane and made up bis mind that Claude Duval must be scratched. When be came to this conclusion—for he had the owner's carte llanche to do with the colt as he thought, best—ho was sitting in his oflice, late on the Tuesday evening, writing his letters for the night mail. While thus occupied.be was disturbed by a rap at the door, and, in reply to his rather surly "Come in," some one turned the handle and entered. Dixon look -a up ; he shaded his eyes with his hand ; his gaze was riveted on the newcomer, and a queer sensation passed over liirn. He believed, for tlio minute, that h« was face to face with a ghost—the ghest of Cambridgeshire i'om. The error was pardonable. No living man, surely, was ever no shrunk and shrivelled, so haggard, weird, and unearthly. He was bent and huddled together, as though with age, and his feebl e legs trembled for very weakness. But a keen, vigorous light burned in hia hollow eyes, and his voice came out strong aud earnest:— " So here I am, you see, at last— just in time !'' " Yen, Tom. Here you are at last. And where t-ho devil have you been hiding yourself all this age ?"" The idiot shook his head and shuddered. " Don't ask me, sir ; don't ask me. I've been Jiving in a fearful, overwhelming blackness. And it was only yescerday, all of n sudden, that I came to myself, and remembered— just in time—just in time. You'll put me np to ride to-morrow, sir ?" The idiot spoke entieatingly, and 3'et with a certain confidence, as though he knew that his request would be granted. " But, my poor lad, you look too ill and weak," said Dixon, surveying him com passionate'y. " You will never have the strength to ride." " Strength ?" cried the other, excitedly. " Yes, yes. I have the strength of a giant—for the Cambridgeshire. Put me np, sir; for God ; s sake put. me up. It will be the last time ; and I shall win. Voices here" (placing his hand tc his forehead) "are telling me that I shall ride and w in my last race to-morrow," " W ell, we'll see how yon are in the morning," said Dixon, soothingly. " If you seem pretty fit—but not otherwise—you shall ride Claude Duval." "Ha!"' exclaimed the idiot, with glowing face, and hugging himself in an ecstasy of delight, " Claude, Duval —the iron grey colt, by Dick Turpin, out of Brown Bess ! That is what I the voices have whispered to me all j day, that- I shall ride to victory on an | iron-grey colt to-morrow. Thank ' God ! thank God ! Now I know that j there is no mistake." j D ilon regarded him with a kind of j awe. He felt—as he afterwards said | —as though he weic in ibe presence j of something supernatural, which | carried hii»; along with it in spite of himself, and make like a jujpet in i the bands of Fate. " And 1 could no ! nvoie have ? d be shouldn't ride C :i'ide l>uvd the ti-iir,er would ubstrvt-. in tclluig the ftorv, than if I'd I.t-crri a babe as wasu'i yet due, so to rneak." The next day catne, and the borar for the famous handicap arrived. It bad got abroad that Cambridgeshire Ton; had come, aud was to rsde ; .i"d an excitement greater than usual prevailed on erery hand. Claude Duval's price had ahv:;.dv.-.oiisiderah! v shortened, for the Mi oerst 11 ions (a term which included liirec parts of the bettinjr-men on the course) had has:enetl to shake their niuney on Tom s mount. 'i he seventeen horses cantered to tne aiarting-post amid a haJf-suppressed m uriu urin<; of ten t hooand voices —a murmuring which swelled into a shou' of "They're off ! "' as the flag fell to a fiiir ftart. It was just at this moment that two men came hurrying on to the Heath in a state of ev ident perturbation. •' Can you tell inc," asked one breathlessly,of a bystander, '• whether the man they call Cambridgeshire Tom is really riding in this race ?" " Aye. "lliere he comes — hiin in tl.e pink with green sleeves—just faking third place place now," answered the fellow, wirhuut removing his eyes from the ince. •'My God!" exclaimed the other. " There will be some terrible ac^:dr-nt Do th ey not know that he's mad — dangerously, incurably mad ?" | " Bless you, we all know he's been mad for years. But he gets sane again just for the Cambridgeshire. Rum thing, ain't it ? Look at biai now ho .v he's riding that infernal wretch of a colt ! There ain't nothing lunatic about that, I 11 swenr " We never found out who he was till this morning. Ho bus been a paupp:- lunatic in onr asylom at X 1 t' six iiio:il ii> a :id more; ..rii? of out worsr «,i. 0 ts. !!e n 7 murdered :iu ' attendant in escapm \ tto: day." But the other did uot heed. He was following tb-: i-,ice with straining eyes and rapt attention. " See ! See ! He's challenging the leader. It's a neck-and-neek fiuish ! liy God ! he'll do it,—no he won't— yes he will! Great heavens! lie's dono it—he's douie it!" As he spoke, tlie winner's number —Claude Duval's—was hoisted. It was greeted with such a roar of exultation us has never been heard on the Heath before or since. • • • • • • They crowded round Tom, and lifted him from the Baddle, for he wan too e.\h austed to move. Ills eyes were half closed, bis hands pressed" to his head, his chin lolling forward 01: bis breast. "I've won—I've won," he murmured. " The race is over, and—the darkness — is — coming — coming— back." He staggered and fell. Dixon caught him nnd held him in his arms. At first they thought that he had fainted. But they soon realised. . . . . The race wag, in fact, over, and the darkness had really come. An amusiug utory is told in 4he i Daily Neics about one of the candidates for the vacant Laureateship. On the death of the Duke of Clai-ence lie Bent, to a morning paper some verses lamenting the event. The contribution being accepted a cheque wf>s forwarded for £25. Thib the poet returned with the remark that he "could not accept payment on account of a nation's tears." When the Duke of York was married he sent to the same journal an epithalminm. This duly appeared, but was not acknowledged by a remittance, an omission that gave the poet pain. Being reminded that he had sent back the earlier cheque lie insisted that the cases were different. " Whilst I could rot," be said, " consent to nrake raone}- out of a nation's tears, there is no reason why I should not be paid for adding to a nation's smiles." A New Zealand anecdote is told bv Mr. S. A. Perceval in the Realm :— " On one of the lakes in the North Island, near Auckland, there was an hotel much frequented by fishermen. On one occasion when a gentleman, whom I will call Mr. X, was staying there, he was taken seriously ill, and the landlord, supposing tbat he could not possibly recover, began to think of making pi-eparations for his death. Knowing a man who was a pretty fair carpenter and bad owed him money for some time, and seeing little chance of being repaid, he told him to make a coffin for the sick man The coffin was duly made ; bat Mr. X, instead of dying as he ought to Lav. 7 ' r?<v>rereri, and there was, therefore, uo n - it„f ^.offi-K The landlord, not caring to be at th» expense, incladed a charge for it in Mr. X's bill, who, on seeing it, naturally enough demurred to paying for something which he had not ordered and did not want. The landlord said it was very hard tbat the loss should fall on him, ai he had only done it for the best; Mr. X at last agreed to pay for it. Determined to turn it to some account, he had a keel pat to it, and used it as a fishing puut during the remainder of his stay at the hotel." ^ Mr. R udyard Kipling never permits himself to be interviewed, and baffled all the reporters who j.ave chase to him on bis i-eturn to New York from England. This is how one importer revenged himself :—" He has been on a vi.sit- to England, aud seemed quite irritated to find that nobody knew of his.absence from the I 1 United States until he returned." Rec°nt!v ii! CLina a man who killed j l is f.nh-: w, s executed, ind a!oug ) with hiin his pcooolruastcr for not i having taught him better. 1 