UNITED METFFODIJST CHURCH. . FREE ANNUAL MEETING • (By our Special Reporter.) This conference' began its sittings in Ruehworth Church on Tuesday Febrnary 11\. After devotional exercises, tbe conference officers .were elected as follows; — - W. Ellingworth, Esq., J.P. of Box Hill, president, on an unanimous vote ; coOnectional secretary, - Rev, W. H. Chapman, formerly minister at Violet Town; treasurer, Mr. J. Pope) corresponding secretary, Rev. L. Walton, also a minister here ; sub-secretaries, Eevs, T. Riding and R. Whitford, (the latter recently stationed here) ; press reporters, Rev. R. S. Carson, and Mr. J. Blankby ; tbe ballot for connections! oommitte, which is a most important one BB the committee possesses all the powers of tbe conference for the year, resulted in tbe election of Revs. D. Poneous, R. Reed, E. Turner, J, Green, J. Ross, Mr. Furphy, (of -Shepparton) and Mr. Taylor (of BuBhworth). The business of tbfe conference was executed with commendable despatch and the manner in which the president conducted the proceedings brought forth very warm enlojiea. No one indulged in long speeches and no time was wasted. The report of the committee on Methodist union, appointed last year, was received and ^optod, showing ae it did tbat good progress had' beeA made, and although everything now depends upon tbe action which will be taken by the Wesleyan Methodists at thoir conference to be held in a few -weeks time, it is believed that the union will be consumated, and thus the various branches of the Methodist churches becouie.one powerful body. Tlie attendance ut the various public meetings -held during' the conference at llusliWorth were Bimply splendid. The Endeavour Rally meeting in the large sbire ball was a grand gathering of christian workers, sympathisers, and tbe outside public. Speeches were delivered by Revs. J. ROBS, J. Westacott and W. Harrison, endeavor secretary. The public missionary meeting beld in the Rusliwortii church was unique for its eloquent addresses, for tbe spiritual tono and fervour of the meeting, and the deep interest manifested in foreign missionary work, and the liberal giving of tbe audience. A deeply interesting letter from one of our Cbinose missionaries — Rev. Mr, Toothill—in "which tbe sufferings of persecuted Chinese converts were graphically portrayed, and showing that we have some thousands of converted Chinese joined to our churches, was read. The Rev. H. Wallace, in a speech remarkable for ite power and eloquence, described how during thiB -contury tbe number of converts had grown from one to 100,000. He de O'ibed tlie wonderful internal resources of China, its coal fields, amazing in magnitude its mineral wealth, its prolific soil, and bpw the Emperor's household are now studying the bible, Tlie Revs. L. Waitin and R. Carson also delivered earnest addresses. At the ordination service iield on Thursday night an immense audience assembled. Tue Rev J. Allsop was .ordained. The Rev, J. L. Green, ex-preBident delivered tl.e charge, from the words in the 11th of Acts,—" lie was i good raw and full of the Holy Ghost and of Faith," nnd in a most eloquent nnd earnest discourse gav& advice full of wis loin to tl.te newly ordained minister and to all the brethren present. A sacramental service fullowed lo which a very largo number of people remained. Tlie conference closed on Friday afternoon. The third reading 2°f ministerial appointments was gone through.and con firmed not many changes* being made, The Rev. B. Goldsworthy goes from Tooleen to Bouthcole ; Rev. D. Porteons, from Shepparton to Tooleen ; Rev. W, Hamilton, from Ballarat to Shepparton ; Rev. U. Whitford, at Nngaiubie ; Rev. W. Chapman, at Ruehworth : Rov. R. Reed, at Mooroopna"; Rev. H. V. Hill, at Violet Town. 