COMTE DE ROSSI. IN the gathering at the Empire Hotel, on the 18th ultimo, at the fare- well banquet given to M. Biard d'Aunet, Con- sul-General for France, was Count Francis Ro- bert Lewis de Rossi, a signation, but known to us as Captain Rossi. The more intimate friends of Captain Rossi were aware that he had an uncle, count of that name, who was the Commandant of the Naval Arsenal at Brest ; but, as this nobleman had two sons, it was considered only remote- ly possible that our Australian captain would ever succeed to the title, and it may be said for the captain that he is not one who ever exhibited any desire for such distinction. The unexpected, however, has happened. He is now the chief re- presentative of an ancient and very illustrious family and will henceforward be known as the Comte de Rossi, however much he may prefer the prefix captain. The murder of a captain named Rossi some few months ago, in the New Hebrides, being reported in Paris, caused inquiries to be made at the Con- sulate here by the relatives of our Captain de Rossi in France, theirs being the only family of this nazze in that country. Correspondence between the families, it would appear, was not frequent, for when Lord Sher- brooke was Agent-General for New South Wales Inquiry was made in London by the then Count de Rossi as to the welfare of the family here, and the outcome of the late tragedy in the New He- brides has led to fresh inquiries. A letter of re cent date from the nephew of the late count, M. de Guesnet, Sous Commissaire de la Marine de guerre Prancaise, Attache au Ministre de Marine a Paris, informs Gaptain Rossi that he is the only male survivor in direct line of the family, and, therefore, by the patent of nobility conferred by Louis XVI. of France and Navarre, which orders that the title and estates pertaining to the county shall devolve in perpetuity through the heirs male, he is by heredity the 4th Comte de Rossi. His father, it would appear, should have been the second count of this name in France, but en- tering the British service at the age of 14, under the auspices of the Earl of Minto, as ensign in the Anglo- Corsican Regiment, just after the an- nexation of that Island by the British, and being of strong pro-British sympathies, he seems to have abdicated his right to the title in favor of his younger brother, Don Grace de Rossi. After the evacuation of Corsica by the British, this Francois Nicolas de Rossi, father of the pre- sent count, was transferred to the 69th Regi- ment, served with H.R.H. the Duke of York in Holland, and was afterwards favorably noticed by H.R.H. the Duke of Kent, father of her Gra- cious Majesty Queen Victoria, for his soldierly qualities. He was appointed while serving un- der H.R.H the Duke of York to a liutenancy in the 5th Regiment of Foot, and placed on half- pay on the reduction of the 2nd Battalion at the Peace of Amiens. In May, 1803, he was ap- pointed senior first lieutenant in the Malay or First Ceylon Regiment, succeeded to a company in that corps in September, 1806, and was placed on half-pay at his own request in December, 1817, without receiving any difference. During this period he served in Holland, the Mediterranean, Gibraltar, Ceylon, and the Mauri- tius, and whilst serving in Ceylon was selected for recruiting service in Penang and at Prince Edward Island. In September, 1811, he went to Mauritius, was appointed aide-de-camp to his Excellency Sir Robert Townshend Farquhar, Bart., and held different important military and civil stations there till 1823. During that time he was twice selected to be the bearer of dis- patches. Firstly to India to the late Marquis of Hastings during the Nepaul war in 1815, and af- terwards to England in 1816. On his return to England in 1824 he was ap- pointed by the late Earl of Bathurst Superinten- dent of Police in N.S.W., which post he held till July 1834. He was also Comptroller of H.M. Customs. He married on January 22, 1822, at Port Louis Mauritius, Mlle. Antoinette Genevieve Alexandrina Sornay, youngest daughter of M. Alexander Sornay and Marie de Mouley, and by her had two sons, Francis Robert Lewis, the pre- sent count, and Alexander Philip. Francis was honored by the offer of a commis- sion in the British service, without purchase; but Ms father being then in an infirm state of health waived this to him coveted distinction, in favor of his brother Alexander, who served in the colonies and in India. Francis, the present count, was born at Port Louis Mauritius, the Governor, Sir Robert Farquhar, and Colonel G. A. Barry, Chief Secretary, being his godfathers, and Lady Farquhar his godmother. Alexander was born on board the Hercules at sea, 33deg 49min south lati- tude, and 16deg longitude, about 438 miles from the Cape of Good Hope, and was baptised on board by Archdeacon Scott, who came out in the same vessel. He died at Rossiville, Goulburn. Although the elevation of the family to be counts of France dates only from the eighteenth century, the patent of nobility bearing the seal of Louis XVI. discloses that while bestowing the title for military services the King was aware of their direct descent from the most illustrious nobles of Italy, and recited in the charter in the hope that the distinction may incite the sons to follow the footsteps of their worthy sires. As a matter of fact, this family were counts of Italy so far back as the ninth century. It is related that when the Emperor Charles V. lived at Genoa in 1533 he accorded much of recompense and of grace to several noble citizens, not omitting Francois Vincent, Visconti de Riparola, and others of this family. By a charter given at Genoa, on April 15, 1533, was confirmed the ancient privilege accorded to the same family by the Em- peror Maximilian, by the which the noble of the family enjoyed the prerogatives of Aulic Councillors and Counts Palatin, and it was on this occasion that he added the Imperial Eagle to the Lion, which com- posed the arms of the ancient and noble family de Rossi de Parme. The Emperor Conrad II. having given to Bernardo de Rossi de Parme, la chateau de Riparola, his decendants called themselves since de Rose de Riparola. Thus it appears by several ancient acts, William, the son of the said Bernard, having been deprived by the Countesse Matilda of the same state of Riparola towards 1089, chose his dwelling in Liguria, where, it would appear, he formed alliances with the noble house of Fieschi. The first of the family to settle in Corsica, came from Liguria about the year 1500, with all his family and dependents. He took up his abode in Ajjaccio, the capital, and the family here rose to positions of great honor and importance, as shown by State docu- ments, and the monuments in the principal cathedral of that place. One Marcus Aurelius de Rossi, was so rich, and his properties so varied and so numerous, that it became a common saying, that to obtain one's most extravagant desires, it was only necessary to have one heritage of Marc. Aurele de Rossi. There are several alliances recorded of this house with the illustrious house of Colonna and others, with some of the most illustrious houses of Genoa. Stran- gely, so far back as we can trace them, their occu- pation has been military, even down to the nephew of the late count, M. de Guesnet, attache to the pre- sent Minister of Marine of France, aforementioned. Two brothers of the family, Frank and Christo- pher, were captains in the Serene Republic of Genoa, this being the highest rank conferred by that power, the pay of a captain of the people being at one time 1500 golden florins per annum. The documents state that these brothers levied and equipped a large number of troops at their own expense. It would be tiresome, perhaps, to go farther into the very in- teresting history of this house. The present family was compelled to quit Corsica in consequence of their adherence to the British cause, for which reason the first count, who died at Palermo, in 1800, was in reeipt of a pension from the British Government. It may be of interest, from an historical point of view, just to add that the father of Napoleon Bona parte was notary to the house of de Rossi in Corsica. The inhabitants of Boldon Colliery, near Sun- derlandd, are much excited at present, owing to a belief that Hedworth Church is haunted. It is stated that a ghostlike figure appears regularly on one of the church windows. Various suggestions have been made to solve the mystery, but without success. The apparition is plainly visible to everyone in church, and has created much excite- ment among the superstitious section of the vil- lager, who declare it to be a ghost. The figure has now been seen for over a month, and is said to resemble a former vicar. The Queen of Spain, on the fifteenth birthday of her daughter, the Princess Mercedes, gave her her first diamonds. Till then the Princess had only worn pearls, and the gift of diamonds signi- fied that she has arrived at years of discretion, or, in other words, marriageable age. Auctioneer: "This picture is by one of the old masters." Miss Elderly (decisively): "I'm sure it isn't." Auctioneer (sarcastically): "Well ma'am, as I pre- sume you were personally acquainted with the old masters and their works, I will not dispute your word!" 