OUR COUNTRY SERVICE, [From Oub Correspondent. ] BKIDG'EWATER, Saturday. Accident.—Last night an accident hap pened at the railway station to Mr. Holloway, Government stock inspector. He was crossing from the goods side to the passenger platform to cateh the 5.13 p.m. train for Bendigo, and when going down the steps he tripped and fell a distanco of 4 feet. He was carried to the Railway hotel, and it having been ascertained that one of hi3 thighs had been fractured at tho kip joint, he was removed to the iDglewood Hospital. ROCHESTER, Saturday. A Ghostly Larcesist.—Not to be behind the times, Rochester can boast of having a " ghost" of its own ; but this one differs from the common kind of ghost. It has been de scribed by those who have seen it as a man dressed in a woman's light dress. It's haunt is Rochester West, and the other night some young men going home chanced to meet it. There was a sudden stop, and in agitated whispers they asked one another, " What is it." At last, one more plucky than the rest ventured towards it, but the " ghost" had an objection ' to be closely scanned, and turned to flee. The plnpky fellow aforesaid then gave chase, but al though he is a bit of a ped., he was easily tils tanced. " It" has been seen several times dtir* ing the week, and was observed last night by a young man driving cattle, but he did not stop to m ike inquiries. The peculiar part about' this ghost is that every night it make3 its appear ance, the neighbors miss sundry small articles which have been left outside. Monday. Cricket. — The Rochester Imperials and Diggora (13) met on Saturday at Diggora for the O'Neill trophy. Scores : —Diggora, 89; Imperials, 118 for 6 wickets. Sports.—The H.A.C.B. Society has decided to hold fporls on 18th March. A very good programme has been drawn up in which are in cluded three bicycle races, viz. Open Bicycle Race of £13, District Bicycle Race of £6 and a local Bicycle Race. There are also a 300 Yards Foot Race and a Tug-of-war. Full particulirs will be advertised shortly. Mischievous.—There is nothing fresh to re port in connection with the stealing of the newspapers. The police are making inquiries, but so far have not discovered the whereabouts of the papers It appears that the removing of the copies of the Express is not the first trick : played on Messrs. Fuller Bros. On tlie pro ceding Saturday morning the papers were re- I moved and thrown into an adjacent yard, and ! on the same morning a large wooden notice board was split to pieces. Wednesday, The Weather.—The farmers are jubilant over the change in the weather. Forty- two points of rain have been registered up to 8 o'clock this morning, and indications point to more. Should the rain continue, there will soon be a plentiful supply of grass, which will be the means of saving the stock, as feed has been so scarce that the farmers have been send- ing cattle and sheep to the boiling down works at Pannoomilloo. SEBASTIAN, Monday, j Cricket.—A.match Sebastian y. Huntly was played on the local ground on Saturday, which, owing to the lato hour of commencing, was very much one- sided. The locals won the toss, and made 151 not out. The local club enter tained the visitors at Mr. J. Urquhart's hotel, where an elaborate spread was provided, and subsequently a smoke concert wa3 held. WEDDERBURN, Tuesday. Matrimonial. — The marriage of Mr. Alexander Ohisholm, farmer, of Lake Bogi, and Miss Jessie Patterson, daughter of Mrs. J. C. Patterson, of this place, was celebrated here to-day bv the . Rev. Mr. Patteson, of Swan Hill. After the ceremony the guests sat down to an excellent dinner, and later on the newly- married - couple left by train for their new home. 