THE RECORD OF A BRAVE DEED. Among tho many negro nations, differing widely from ono another in spoeoh and physique, who obey tho rulo of the White Queen, as she is termed throughout tho West African littoral, there are nono more remarkable in their manners and customs, nor hardor to manage, than the tribeBWho inhabit the limitless swamps and little known forests of the Niger delta. They arc all men of huge Btature, with arms and chests splendidly developed by constant labor at tho paddle, for they practically live in their dug out canoes, but with tho wenk lower limbs of the negro. A little while ago King Shaillu of Hioba, not having the fear of the Government before his eyes, and disregarding what had happened when tlio Btronghold of the river pirate Nana went down before the wrath of tho Protectorate, built himself a strong stocknde around his city of mud walled huts, and took counsel with his Ju-Ju men ub to how ho might most oasily acquire power and riches and make a name for himself, as did his fathers before tho coming of tlio white men. Soon afterwards mutilated eorpscs of unfortunate slaves com menced to drift down tho rivers with every freshet, and inland .traders, arriving at the scattered coaBt factories, told strange tales of raenbYriedftiiiffnjnong the foundations of novhuiWstoricesr-t last it was detor. mitied'tCat Shaillu shoufil be,mnde an example )Z) ... VjSilpntli, filo by, filty'Jvitjr scarcely the crack- lmjj£-ft-tjri|f'9r-.Uip' rii9MnB of a leaf to mark theii"-pa&5ngeJ:iho-Yorubas moved down tho steep bank, for they had been trained in forest warfare from childhood, and had held their wild' land with spear blade and flintlock gun against the fierce tribes of the Western Soudan and Arab raiders from the northern desert. Captain Crouton watched them flitting Hke ghosts through tho shadows, and' abused tho clumsiness i of his subaltern who tore liis way noisily with nervous haste - through every obstacle, until he heard their faat.sucking in the soft miro. Presently there was a splashing by the edge of the ford ; then the souq(l molted into the gurgle of the river, rind tho last dim figure disappeared into a drifting cloud of mist. ... " Get oil there, this iB no time for rest," said the captain as the leading files halted ; 'and lie hurried forward, only to Bink breast deep in b steep sided hollow, and to wonder if thoy had blundered and loBt the track across the ford. Wliilo lie hesitated thoro was another roar of flintlock guns and a showor of jagged potlcg rang past overhead and splashed along tho Bur- face of tho river. A Yoruba dropped his rifle with a splash, and clntobing at his side col lapsed, a limp -heap, into the stream. A comrado dashed ' forward, but it wob too late tliora was a choking gasp, and with an oily gurglo tho muddy ourrent closed above a ghastly face, and the Yoruba was gone. Tho soldiers stared at one another for a moment, and a few of tho Snider buttB came Home to tho shoulder with a .rattle, but Captain Oranton said stern!/: " The man is dead ; the first who fires without my order dies also. Forward thoro 1" ' Then, with sot tooth, the Yorubas went ahead,- floundering .and splashing, struggling shoulder deep against the' power of tho stream with uplifted riiles, while the Bickly Doctor gashed for breath as he was half carried, half ragged, wildly through the water. Just as thoy came dripping out of tlio river, along trail of firo streamed upwards across the mid night Bky, und a detonating rocket burst into a cloud of eqimson stars far overhead to show that tho landward gate had gone down before tho attack of tho flanking party. While the evil-smelling vapor was still eddy, iug and drifting along the face of tho stockade, with a yell the Yorubas rushed forward, stumb ling and bluudoriiig. over shattered logs and Blowing cinders,- lmlf choked by the sickoiiiug odors of the explosive, and swept' down tho mniri Btrbot' of tlid village, driving ifiio rivoi' uieu lioforo them at f ho bayonet-point like n flock of frightened sheep. Some oho had hurled a blazing torch into a hut, and tho roaring flume leaped from thatch to thritcB, throwing a lurid light on tho crbwd of naked figures' flying for their lives between tho lines of muil- walled huts, or scaling tho .palisade' and fling ing themselves over into tlie darkness outside." Dripping with perspiration, and scoreoly viBiblo through tlio stilling smoke wreaths, Captain Crouton dashed along at tlie head of his men, swinging kiB revolver and threatening in hoarse, breathless gasps all kinds of penalties on tho man who fired without his order ; far he jchew if the Yorubas oncb got boyond control thoro woujd be no huiiym being loft alive in the town'. Wlule the doctor wondered what ho should do, n chorus of yells, hisses and whistles rose from behind a cluster of huts, and jircsontiy a hand' ful of black soldiers came into sight, giving way slowly Cofore a wjld mob of nakad river men. There was 110 timo to load or firo. Spour-hcadB and tho brass bound butts of tlio trado guns rattled and crushed among gleaming baybnots and brown Snidor barrels, for tho Yorubas wero fighting desperately as tlioy went, four of them hearing what appeared to be a ehapolosB heap of tattered karki ' uniform upon a layer of wovon pulin fibre, torn out from the side of soma head man's house. " Stop them— stop them— ono timo 1" shouted tlio Doctor, but his mon needed no toiling. With tlio wild shout of tho uorthorn raiders ringing out above the clash of spear and ratalo of Snider butts, thoy drove forward, and as tho bright steel filled up tho narrow way the foo wero held in check for n fow momonts. Staggor- ing up to tho rido of tlio rough littor Surgoon Morslond felt tho grasp of tho big Yoruba sergeant on his shoulder and heard a voico in his ear : " Officer man livo for dio, Snli ; river man chop him with spear. Say, carry mo first through stoclaidc, alivo or dead." " Nover mind what bo said, lot mo got at him. For heaven's sake keep those brutes back, lio'n blooding to death," shouted tho Doctor, shaking off tlio grasp and bending down ovor the still form. Young Liscombo feebly raised his licnd. " Good-bye, I'm about finished ; but I was first man in, lie gasped. Without a wold, tho Doctor slit tlio tunic from tho arm, and wrenoked open his instrument case as ho saw tho bright blood pulsing in jots from a severed artery. " Oh for tsvo minutes, just two minutes !" ho groaned, as ho slipped a rubber tourniquet around the white skin ; hut oven as he did so, the crowd of river-men Burged madly forward ; thoro was a clash of bayonets and spear heads, and though tho Yorubas parried and lunged desperately, tlioy staggered and yielded ground beforo tho dead weight of numbets. Nover turning his eyes, tho doctor went quietly on with his work, in a grim raco against time to save his comrade's life. Just as tho thick ruhbor, biting into tlio firm flesh, choked down tlio spurting blood, tho Yorubas broko awny and b lingo naked river man swung n gleaming matchct back to tho full sweep of his right arm, to deliver the resistless cut the West African knows so woll at the doctor's head. -Almost instinctively Surgeon Mainland closed his eyes, 'i'ben he' felt himself hurled on one side as something rushed past liirn, and, glanoing round again, saw tho red bayonet of Sergeant Koffco shoot past at the point from behind tlio shoulder and slide into tho ncgi o'B naked flesh, until tho socket clashed against the breast bone. Almost simultaneously he heard tho Yorubas' shout and tho swnrming foo split up and melted away into flying groups ns, swinging his spit ting revolver right and left Captain Oranton swept past at the bend of his men. Then his overtaxed strength gavo way, and ho. collapsed a limp unconscious heap across the foot of tho litter. Beforo morning Hioba waB a heap of smoking ruins and Shaillu a prisoner fasb bound with titi creepers. 