!i. O'HABA is warmly patted on the out issue nf St. James'. His " Songs :li 'are "are found to be the genuine work ? Muse, and the bard's patriotism is a eat ^ratification. Good " biz.'' shoemaker named James , , , • ^ „ ,,,, has had a plum winara.i. xne omer ved intelligence from England that i dropped into a " little" legacy of . . i,,mj; Doesn't sound much when you say i TU'ct, "Toby" of London Punch, and a ; fi • journalist and old contributor to Meland Sydney dailies, informs Home readers i.iinl Brassey is established as Governor of s .nth Wales. Great Caesar's ghost ! when ; in- barbarous l'atagonian knows that Sir ..n I'nrkes is Governor of New South Wales. •. -i:. '.k liKLii-Kw, coming again with Mrs. Brown- I • •. claims to have been married fifty-four .. !ut always by newspaper reporters. He ,ms that the b'lanky pressmen will persist i.j.trying him whether he likes it or not, and . ••.• ii-'begins to hate being left alone, becaui-e ;.,• i ll: .t bear to be seen in the company of such ;,'! unmitigated bigamist. i'• i \ ri• 11)N " JIM STANBUBT, now out for ' i ii>m;in Harding's scalp, does not believe in the l.i. v. iand detests cricket. Football he revels in,'and when the season is on never misses a Siiturday'n game, for it keeps him in splendid (••nil. Stanbury is a moderate man—moderate in his eating, drinking and smoking, and one of the athletes who eschew a special diet when training. WHEN- Bishop Goe first went into the backblocks he was considerably shocked by coming across a youthful rustic furiously flogging a fallen log with a bullock whip, and swearing vigorously. " Get up, you . Hi, Ploughboy, blank, blank, blankity, blank ; you blankity blank blanker, get up." "My lad, my lad, why do you waste your time in this profane occupation?" said the bewildered Bishop. "Waste me time he blanked'." said the youth "I'm goin' bullockdrivin" next week, and am just getting me hand in." Tiie Prelate straightway went and made " tract*.'' A MDirous member of the Assembly turned up al Spencer-street station the other afternoon when n new p irter was doing duty at the ticket gate. Without dsigning to show his pass tbe legislator bustled tbr»ugh, and was promptly hauled up. " Ticket : j '' he snorted contemptuously. "Don't V'-ni know me ?" "No," answered the official. " D. n't you know the public men?" "No." \- \\\ ny ih.n t you make yourself acquainted witb the • on-picuous legislators. I am Mr. , M.l, .i. tor .'' Whereupon the porter gr.-.vi-lleii. In relating the incident he thought in-M L \\. was a confidence man on the "bluff." , A suburban councillor is quite famous ;; for >ijverbal bulls, and the other week quite ix.vlli'ri i,is own reputation. The purchase of a ;. chRWicl.wrfnruseintheCouncilCliamberwasunder -. 'iiwu.-n' M when Mr. pArtington rose and said. "Mr i. May..r, i must rigorou=Iy oppose this outlay. If | any pun nf this kind is to be gone into it | should )>.• general, ho that the ratepayers could & w»p tint i-m-fit. Why should not a brass band bt? btarte'i with this money, or an organ bought 11H But a chandelier, a thing that i could 111] lie used in this chamber, is absurd. ; .y 1 a.- Mr. Mayor, supposing a chandelier is 5a,]'ilrclia-c "J"i vill vlayiir' With that be sat igjdown an. iused for a reply, which never came, •or of Astor's Pall Mall Gazette, has been tire for declining to edit according to 1 whims of the proprietorial goldiikeeland. The P.M.G.has notheena I t K irv laud for editors. Greenwood, ^.^iHlipv : ' support of Disraeli, was de-chaired !••'- Government came a cropper, '•fused to execute a right-about- •'orley tool: on the editorship, and • ii-inally. Stead followed, and made . TllK i, coked ', panv. this i, : ich ad, 1 luring Ousts reign the Gasrltc has ' powerful days, but that is due •• ii-w Astor's bullion than to any il ability in Cust. Astor seems wn a paper if only as a means of his enormous superfluous n"!- hvrle Bellew, who is once more •. aim,has been paralysing American ••'tli a recital of his colonial ex- Mv-r landing in Melbourne," said he r man," I tramped 493 miles to the bluings, where I soon struck a reef. "1'inions I worked the claim, and ..i it in six months. But I invested I other ventures, and lost it all. I selection and got 7-id. an acre for • .a.l. I used the place as a cemetery, : '-polemic broke out got the Govern- • t .r buying the corpses. But my when Cnppin, the colossal theatre tl.e Southern Hemisphere, came struck by . my appearance - (i r r saged me to star in his biggest ve Stuck to the stage ever since." "illy recorded in the Ohio Mad*, i "in the above our readers will '-I-. Utilew has had a remarkable ME. HENNIKEB HKATON declares New South Wales to be the " divorcieet " of the British dominions. Ia 189+ Great Britain divorced 2.115 couples as against N.S. W.'s Hill. Where docs Victoria come in ? I'o hear Cliiet Justice Madden railing against the Sbiels Act one would think this province licked creation in the divorce business, but apparently we're nut in the fame street as our friends across the border. THAT recent fur confiscation affair had an inside history, brimming over with good material for a society sensation. The gorgeous sealskin jacket was intended for a rekerky member of Melb.'s uppercrust. and the Customs authorities seriously considered the question of indicting her on conspiracy to defraud the Customs. She was indiscreet enough to write to the firm concerned, suggestmgthatthe jacket should besentontoSydney, and she " would go over and wear it back." However, prompt action bv her husband squelched any consequences By-the-byo, the offendi firm were ——i—. betrayed _ ^ by a business busrn rival who ing ,)a=d suffered a severe penalty for running a similar ;ame some time previously, hut which escaped publicity. In the latter case it was the custom for one of the partners' wives to visit London, and return with a heap of cushions stuffed uith xalnable lace and other choice goods But, ot course, smuggling, in the eye of the great public, is a legitimate game. IF the Lormer Board had been sitting a couple of years ago, it would have had a champion ca6e of court irregularities to investigate. It occurred in a country town, where the local doctor was the J P. He turned up drunk, so did the policeman; tbe C.P.S. was also hiccupy, counsel for defence was maudlin, and the only case was a drunk. " Well, prishner," said the J.P., "you're very, very drunk. Whasyergotosayferysef?" "He can't shay anything, y'wurship. He's too drung," explained the policen,;*-!, with some yj difficulty. I fll/>!. 1 *•** " Yeshecan " VoehflCIITI '." I" said Kfti man counsel; be only t^k a drink becosh he didn't feel well," Then the C.P.S. and the J P. bad a consultation, after which tbe J.P. hiccupped, Prishner, your're fined a doshen of Brisbbeer- .onstable, goanfeshitere." Tbe beer was soon brought, and the court adjourned to liquidate the fine. The scene that »™nfl ensued beggars be?trarsdescrip- tipn. The S t e t S S S g^jj ). SIP. GRAHAM BKERY was once rushed out of the reporters' gallery in our House ot Parliament. It was shortly after Sraham bought the Colling- '.I.ood Advertiser, and when he was yet unknown to politics. He wished to secure a seat in the gallery as reporter for his own small organ, but was unceremoniously bundled out. We wonder if Mister Speaker ever recalls that little incident when day-dreaming on his throne. BrsHor GOE, Dr. Bevan and all the other worthy clerics who have such a holy horror of anythin appertaining to a racecourse should seriously consider whether they had not better pack up and go to England as missionaries for the purpose of converting the clergy of that benighted country. The Bishop of Chichester was recently enthroned, and as the attendance was expected to be enormous, tbe Duke of Richmond kindly lent a number of the Goodwood grand stand seats for the occasion. A numoer ot of Cacing grand stand seats ent to Chichester rai hednT, unrifrn and lot tb»nn™» the purpose of assist!™ assisting at. the enthronement of a bishop! Picture it, think of it, dissolute man ! I/Oim IjAMIKOTON is to be received in Brisbane by a regiment of aboriginals in full warpaint, a band of myalls from the Gulf country. If they wear nothing more than the warpaint myall blacks usually wear, the Governor's ^rec^tionjwiU^jloofc ' like a blue ballet—a ' " very blue ballet—painted " """ " black No one can comolain of the activity of the police ponce iorcH force uunu^ during tba uuo jjiosduw present week, JnJthe various suburbsconstableshavebeen moving about briskly, With a cheerful, hopeful air very different from the stolid lort of reserved power and legal authority which the - minions of the Ion- law" " ticiiolltt usually wear. Wflur They Thev accosted every everv passer- bv not with the set phrase, "It is my duty to warn you that anything which you now say may be used in evidence Igainst you," but with a smiling differential. I beg your pardon, sir.,hut would'"you kindly glance af this ?" ^ proved on in inspection to be ne summons with unwe^come greeting '"We commandI you, Ac.," but a ticket for tbe Police Band entertain rnent on the cncket ground ^ evemnR. In the new roles ot attabte setters, ^ men appeared to be a success, for^ many^sa.es sales bility of saying "no' to a policeman. TBERB is going to be legal trouble between American Millionaire Vanderbilt and his divorced wife. Mrs. Vanderbilt obtained a divorce aoaimt W.K., and as she was the petitioner, she received alimony and the custody of tbe children The amount allotted for the'support nf the children was .£10,000 a year each. The mairiage of Consuelo to the Duke of Marlborough caused her .£10,000 to ceasn. Mrs. Vanderbilt herself has remarried, and is now Mrs. Oliver Belmont, ? nd Vanderbilt is now going to kick against pay- '"S alimony for tbe comfort of his successor in Mr s ' Vanderbilt • Belmont's affections. Legal °P"»on6 are divided upon the point whether tlio alimony granted to the petitioner was conditional upon her remaining unmarried. W. K.. it is said, means to test- the question in the law ouns shortly. GOVERNOR BUXTON, of South Austialia, ha . . , . . ' ' " P Ih it 'V^rif 0 t ™^ c , h,n his ' ™ 8 P°° 6lble advl ^ S! ors ' L tdeliberately Z ' ^ l ^ J flouting T ' ^ A/j.f them. The Act requires that , there must ^ bo Ministers, and that all appointments and certain other documents must be signed by the Governor and counter-signed by the Chief Secretary. But there was no Chief Secretary for over a monti . the gentleman who held that office Lnving itsigned and the Government failing to secure a successor. As there wa6 no Chief Secretary there conld not be an " Acting Chief Secretary." and hence quite a number of documents have been made illegal. The Governor was made aware of the illegality of the position by the highest of legal authorities, but he was not strong enough, apparently, to influence the Premier of Soutli Australia, who has a good deal of the obstinate autocrat about hitn. Mr. Kingston believes the King can do no wrong, and he leaves not the slightest room for doubt a6 to who is King in South Australia. IT used to be said of "Jack Stretch"—the familiar appellation still sticks—that " he was the only man in the Church who could stick his hands in his pockets, and his bat on the back of his head, and look like a gentleman," and the same happy-go lucky sort of description hits him off as Bishop of Brisbane. When he had St. .Mark's, his first Melbourne charge as vicar, he used to slouch about the streets of Fitzroy in cassock and slippers, yet it was there first said of him that be was " cut out for a Bishop," a prediction verified very quickly. • By natural habit he always fulfilled St. Paul's injunction, " to be all things to all men." He was just as ready at smoking a pipe, draining a pewter, or playing cards till the early hours of the morning with a jovial churchwarden or senior of his choir as he was at assisting with the utmost suavity at some important church conference. His good looks and his native humour were strong points in his favour. He gets both from the archdeacon, his father, who described his son's marriage to a friend as "the feast of weeks"—AVeekes beiug the maiden name of the lady. SOME of the Justices of the Peace who haw come in for scathing criticism In the recent Hoard's report are what is known as "goodygood "men. One of them is a shining light in Biintly circles. The world prospered with him, and he built a mansion in a certain fashionable suburb. By the advice of his architect he included a billiard-room, but was sorely distressed in mind as to whether billiards was an ungodly practice or not. To settle his conscientious doubts he invited a number of Salvation Army men to his place to wrestle with tbe question. It is to be presumed that the prayer and praise meeting was satisfactory, for a billiard-table was added to the furniture. This is the same J.P. whose temperance principles were so strong that he instructed his wife to see that each lapel of bis coat had a piece of blue ribbon, one not being pronounced enough. He also declared on one occasion 'that his love of the cause was so great that he had serious thoughts of wearing the bit of blue on his nightshirt. '/ hat justice wa6 not likely to have a bias on licensing matters—oh, dear, no ! There must be a trace of grim humour in hi6 composition, for when one of his family married it is Said that he signalised the event by giving a picnic to a number of State lunatics. Of course, a "funny man" could easily trace a connection between lunacy and matrimony, but oue would scarcely expect a staid J.P. to be guilty of such frivolous sarcasm. When Mark Twain was in Auckland he went to the local theatre the night before his own lecture in the same house. At the end nf tho show an oleaginous individual ot tbe crushed tragedian vanety, and wearing extravagant Dundreary whiskers, came forward to tbe footlights and patronisingly addressed the audience nn Mark'B behalf: " Aw, lydies and gentlemen," he gaid^'tomowjrah naight Mistah Mark Twain, who Jbelieve iganAmewwican whit—aw—or something f the sort, will lectchah heah, doncherknow. Aw, being a stwaingah politetogivehiniagoodaudience. ' "" "" Therefore,lvdn """ and gentlemen, I beg of you to oblige me, a' on.- whose reputation is not .doubtful by wollina up mating - r- force, feeble applause^ BuO.arK wasn t pleased at a,, appeared next night he was greeted by a gr«at audience,Ms RratuUously patroDwn^nemI U; inlamongst the crowd, rhe humorist po ted h m m the — box, ----- ana ormgin„ „,.-, ror ara ,, . 111s ,, ions, ", ou each side of his face, so that they aj peareil like Dundrearies, he caressingly toyed wihthein and began his lecture thus:- Lydies and gentlemen- aw-you will observe these-awt ' ^ ^ f ,vith (hls = a ot my ^ j * tlem8n in tWs hasVlagi^ised my whiskahs. He is ^^v—act&h; or something or other. 1 don't ag t only speak from bairs4y." know Know ^ ^ i,„,-„f „( „„„„ -nd s g j s j f c A ^ r f s s : ana msappearea. SlK \Y I I. I.I AM ViY.k]j, tl'.p Czar .if Russia, and other professional tyrants are requested to tremble hideou*-)}'. and creep any inlo dishonnutci gravis at t iirir earliest conveni-wr. The Kortli Melbourne llraiifli of Hi" United labour and Liberal I'arty «f Yictoiia has its blighting eye fixi>d upon thi:ui. The other night it 1 1 " solved, largely and enthusiastically, that the Council's refusal to pass the factories Hill as fPnt up by the Assembly "'as a direct iufult t.o the people: aud that T h k r f o r e the Council should be n ho 1 i s h ud, and the referendum substitututed tor it as a means of getting at the will ot the people. These In; brave woids— '•the people'' is good.excellent flood i'faith ! liut it only means a fen msignicant members ot the X.M.H. of the V.h. mill J,.]', of V . after all. M.LA VAi-i:holds l.hat the best; way to get an insight into a man's chavacter is to play eards with him. Vale's favourite game is tnchre. II.L A. < .'i:at is known suiong his Parliamentary oS>'(jciate. c as " Holy ,loe.' 5 Sin Hknhv Pakkes bear? a remarkable resemblance to hHeimiak. the famous Russian Nihilist. Lah-m-h M km nut Tbekwith will, according to present arrangement'--, leave for England in about a fortnight's tiiuc. Victoria now maintains three pensioned ex- Secretaries of liXucation, three ex Sheriffs, and a round doz»n ex-Superintendents of Police. MaVlIiis'i i;i: ii'Bjm Wood, who successfully combines the pursuit of fiction with the practice J of law. is a son-in-law of Justice " Holroyd. ' Poetes- .Ienninos Cahmiciiaki. (Mrs. Wallis) is a native of ti e Snowy River district, Gippeland. She was Victoria's pioneer certificated „„lcr r ,v „ fl-„ M„ir„o fWain ill the "Case of KoMl ' " 7 r £ c d ' i n that Tgbl suit, might stand for a portrait of Governor Jirasse\\. fight Harkisi'ehs award .Tudue Williams the palm for fairness. He interprets the law from a liberal iudiSo his d de n r^ons raP ° rtS ^ ^ ^ ^^ .' , ^ , , i5j:01!0v: Gutkn carries more bats than any other member of the Australian team. Ho limits himself to five. Darling has four, and Clem. Hill a like number. "Scotch" Bailey, ISallarat's big speculator, has drawn iilOuMO in divs. from the Seven Hills F=t ue which holds nearlv all the Berry group, Unearned increment, if you like. • 1 i.- r. . „ • 1 egislativeCouncil fanw'^ihor^M^Son T T m ttu i e peop e In V look for itrfect on in the Assem T v S Mr Deakin is on the lob Assemblj when Mr. Deak.n is on the job. Irvine, M.}'. ior J.owan, is an ardent cyclist, He is a grandson of t he Irish rebel Mitchell, author of the famous " Jail Journal." Gkorge Lan-ell. of Sandhurst, at one time drew Hin per annum out. of Hendigo mines, Wonder how his income from that source stands new. S.A.'s racing millionaire, E. Bsrr- Smith, spent JC5UU(, on the lifeboat-bioli herecently presented to the colony. The craft is to he stationed at Heeehnort, the centre of one of the most dangerous portions of S.A.'s coast line. T»E "T,,lby>'craz, has now fairly set in, and freckle.! -iris in Melbourne are happier than they liave been for years, whilst purvey^ of wa.tieekled. OnB old flir-ud, Dr. Bevan. is a jovial man. Two of bis S.ms w„n their ll.A. degrees at the T ! niversity the othe-'day, and a third and younger son came through a second year exam, with honours thick upon him. The boys take after their pa in everything barring hair. C. D. Giissovr, perhaps the cleverest black and while anift on the American Press, where clever black and white men are numerous, has followed Pnil May's example and gone to London with his wares—where eveiybody v.ho has anything good to sell gravitates . ^ sooner n t or later. Gibson's nJ „ h;ts„ rkfi„ influence on up-to-date black and white workers -rcate,- than • u that, , ot any •- ot • his contemporaries, and IS SH'U m the drawings of prominent artists in the four corners of the earth. British critics handle Gibs. ,n rather roughly, but theirfault is in blaming the artist for his opinions. One must look at art witnout race prejudices, and although Gibs, in iaiupoone the British aristocracy till his cartoons bc-c.utje mouotunuus. he is none the less . brilliant otau 'bis an and 11 • A correspondent writes to us to inform us hat the Transvaal hero, Dr. Jameson, though nown all over Africa as "Dr. Jim," is always 6ferred to ia the home circle as " Lina" (short or Leander). . ,, ,•_„,„ i „„ j„„ Australians recently returned trom London report i that i.u <. AgBntrbenoral » i <3ill.es^ riiii™ is commencing to look very old He eads a rollicking bachelor ife in town, is a member ot smart clubs, a confirmed diner-out, and a familiar figure at the i.uiiu ujcu u „ music- a s, BishopGeekn, of Grafton and Armidale, N.S.W. j s Australia's youngest and first native prelate, He is just 38, and is a " tiger to work." Writing recently to a Melbourne friend he said :" This is well named the See of Grafton, for, I assure you, I have never had to 'graft' so much in all my life." Mb. H. B. Champion has definitely decided to contest the Villiers and Haytesbury seat, which Dr. Thomas Scott will shortly resigtHe will 1 " - ^ f f J J . against Mr. J. N. Jlacartbur, of Laurenny, >,ORe cbance is generally favoured in the -Western District squatting circles. ^ P lea6BB P e °P le wbo ha ™ had ee Lord ^ « Rrassey privately about matters of business, is ^e hearty ordinary-man-of-the-world way in [jich he deals with them. He puts on no official frills, and makes himself one of them. For example, just lately be was asked to open a large building, at which there was to be a spread. fter the deputationists had gained his consent to erform the ceremony, one of them ventured to emark that it was a pity to trouble his Excellency about the matter,and they regretted to do po seeing he nf Bn<,airfitn^nte lie )md. « Trouble," "-^r of engagement, he had. Trouble," ^<=laimed the Governor; " why, ,t » no trouble. am ^l'gbted to have the cbance of attending a unction at which 1 shal, meet B lot of jolly good m fellows and have a good feed. They ali laughed at the way he put it, and thought the more of him. Some might have made a tremendous favour of it, or have met the request in a merely official way. But it was quite true. Lord Brassey clearly does like to meat people, and enters into be B P lrlt ot a tbln « Wlth a fine fervpur - u The Trades Hall people complain that the Anti-Sweating League is composed of clergymen and business-men, " which classes are as a rule quite willing to give support to any intangible principles of democracy; but alwavs back out when spec,/!cT Of course, the idea i that nothing can be specific unless it quite satisfies the modest ^ s /the whol(! Trades Hall hog. Qnf throngh Lygon-street can there be social Ea,/ation. salvation. The labour bosses in this matter nut put in one word for the sweated poor and half-a- dozen for the Trades Hall " Tbe men who'd help the sweated poor Must do it in a style terrific, And help the Trades Hall first, for sure, Or else they cannot be specific. There's reason for this help, you bet— Tbe Trades Hall's in an awful sweat. The naval manujuvrec this year will be on a scale much more modest even than has been the case hitherto. Tbe old gunboats are , -i!, laid up, »P. and, with the exception ot the torpedo boats and the C. W/erus, there will be no fleet to manoiuvre. The newspapers will send down their reporters to watch the sham fighting, but the quality of it will not be very excellent. The Pressmen are not likely to seo much of it either, after the way some nf their colleagues tan-d last time the fleet uiaiimuvrcd. Two gallant Pressmen, knowing there was to be a torpedo attack on . Certains, felt it to be their duty to go out see it all done. Two others were mora cauti nd decided that they would stay on land, P'ck - •- • up an account of . the . . sham battle . . from . officers and men after it was all over. It wa ..„„,. i, „: •„. t-, ,, , ,,, very ^ rough ^ nignt. K The waves rolled and the w ruffle(J d j Pressmen, doing ,, , r. , , , V , ® t b ? < dut J n ° bl y onbo u ar ? tbe I'ttle torpedo boat, got tossed about and shaken.up, and their dinner began to jump inside them like butter in a churn, and their heads began to ache, and presently they each found a coil of rope and curled themselves inside it and felt just awfully ill. When the fight was aver, and the Cerberus was technically a wreck, tbe torpedo boat 60ught tbe shore .again, and those two mariner Pressmen were too bad to write anything, whilst the others wlio had stopped ashore and smoked quietly . _ picked up nil the information they wanted, and went to bed in peace, Premier Turner is tho most considerate of men. In the midst of an important debate he has been known to hurry out to dismiss his waitingorderly,and his various official attendants find him a most helpful director. He also has "e reputatioTof beinS"th;"tTdrest Vernier" ihe Ministerial bench has yet known. A Bird's Shakespearian ConrsrcNiNas. 'When I V'^'into received the T tidings tlling"^^^^^^^ that rent my A r to mvcelf— 1 ' . . The times are out of joint. Oh cursed spite That Hartley Williams thus should set tbem t walted along the path of rectitude in the Eicbmond Pa(Jdoc£ and 1 communed with myself. I sid that it wae tho Jot of the pure ,Md highmded to be revi,ed and despised Did not great Ca:3ar faup And 8hall the Hird of spotless piumB{rB expect to escape the net of the fowier? It is not for myself I grieve, but for heri that now un6potted dove whom I reBCued from the River of Vice and placed in the pat)lB of Rectitude. I could have bet my life pon the issue, and yet ' she is alone the Arabian bird, and I have lost the wager.' Jis true 'tis pity, and pity _tis t,s true. 1 wou d have them believe her a^child of grace when she did kiss me ba b y brow an . d ca " m0 ( "? c l e ' hu f Har ' ° y Wi»i«ins, degenerate son of that most worthy "n" gra°ce meTg"ce" r t l ^ M * ® ™ S • , « To fanber than a wanton's Bird, whom 6 Pf re 6 wor f B - [ , w T ant ^reundes bore to wel c f m6 . , ? e ' ! } am f^0^' S. n . ev . ed and . ™ uch ""judged as I have been misjudging- Poor Bird, thou'dst never fear the net nor lime, tbe pitfall nor the gin —nor the Old Tom nor whiskey either. And now they ' must have your doublet and hose plucked over your head to show the world what tbe Bird bath done.' Oh, Sir Hartley, Sir Hartley, hi tu Jlrulr.! I could have smiled at Currie-powder, and for tbe third man I should ker-not, but you, son of my toga-investor ! Thou has brought grief to a'justice in fair round belly with good capon ]in;j d witheyeg Bevere, a Bird of formal cut, full ,, •' „„„•; * „.j' _ • EftWB ftDd m ° dern ,nstance6 But consciousness of right shall sustain - me. tbe I wi .V;. , f ,-.,„" B Did sot great Julius bleed for justice's sake?, What villain touched his body that did stab, And not for justice?" (It'cij.s, goes off the Path of Rectitude, and walks on "" S rass ) PULL, DEVIL; PULL, BAKER. (•' Master bakers complain that their business is being ruined by the sweaters, who are all supported by unionist customers.') Baker [in the harkgrovml).—" But subely yod Don't iiaiirack for tjik demon sweater ?" Trade* Halt Party.—' 11 Nor oj-fjciai.lt." 