A STRANGE COMPANION. •'Dead men tell. no tales. Humph! I know better. Never-believe" such an abBUrd assertion, madam." It was a tall, thin gentleman, with a gloomy countenance, and a hat of the sombrero style, who made this remark to me; and he came, upon me in the wood path, -very much as though be had been a ghost. Of course, i£ was .not consistent with the laws of etiquette that he should speak, or that I should answer him, but I scarcely think that if "Mrs. Grundy herself should encounter in the woods, between põst-officè and farmhouse, a gentleman with such wild eyes, and such a curious way of rolling them about, that she would think of anything bnt nullifying him. Certainly I did not. I at once agreed with the stranger, and walked rather faster than before. " I trust you ate not afraid of me, madam," said the stranger, noticing this latter fact. "I sincerely trust that my abrupt address has not alarmed you. I have been so long exiled from society that I scarcely, know how to address its fair ornaments. I hare no card; no matter. You're not alarmed, muflftTp I said I was not. " As I saw you pass the spot where I lay under the trees, madam, it struck me that you were exactly the person I desired to confide in. I consequently hastened after you. Perhaps, too, I may have desired to warn you that if you desire to be rid of a troublesome person, the very worst way is to kill him. Shut him up if you can; chain him in some black dungeon; but don't kill him. If yon do, you never can get rid of him again —«tever, I assure you; never. You can lock and bar a living person out, but dead ones come to you in your most private rooms, and et&nd; at your bedside when you wake in tbe night, sit at your table, follow you wbereever you go." Here he looked over his shoulder, and I involuntarily looked over mine. " could be more foolish than to kill anyone." And I was glad to know he held to his belief, and hoped be would.continue to hold it until I reached the farmhouse of the Simpkinses. " I am glad that we agree so well," said the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I offer you my arm over this rough pathway ?" I replied in a voice that sounded to my own ears, like the bleating of a very meek young lamb, that, if he pleased, he must excuse me. I was obliged to hold up my dress. He instantly assured me that my word 1 was bis law. " Before I made my grand mistake, I was known as Polite Patterson in the very elegant circles in which I moved," he added; " but since that I've become a recluse. It was a grand mistake. Yes, yes; I never should have killed him, never." I involuntarily gave a small shriek. " You realize at once how very foolish it was," said the tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero; " but, yes—I killed him. I was very fond of her. Her name, was Pamela Peyton, an heiress —that, however, was nothing to me. I loved her for herself, and' sbc .smiled upon me until he came; and be wss younger, handsomer, . better than I. áh I yes, much better, much better. A pattern young man. Mothers begged their sons to imitate him; and I—well, I confess madam, that besides being called Polite Patterson, I had been called Wild Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her to send me away, I know, I know, and who encouraged him. Pamela liked rao—poor Pamela—but I was driven away like a dog; and X saw her walking with him, talking with him. Once, yes, once I saw him kiss her. At that moment something happened to my brain. I've never mentioned ii to anyone, bat I tell you now in confidence. I beard it snap. That is how I temporarily lost my judgment and killed bim. Beg pardon. Did I step on yoar dress ?" I said—"OhI no, not all," in a much meeker bleat than the previous one. " Yes, yes. In my native town there is a long street well shaded with trees, which is known as Long Road. One evening, just ia tbe gloaming, Is&w; him walking along it. I walked a little behind Mm. On his little finger was a ring—a diamond. I knew he had bought it for her, that he would give it to ber that nigbt. .1 began to hate him as I never bated him before. I began to make my grand mistake, by believing that if he were dead, he would be out of my way- I carried in those days a knife, I drew it from its biding place. It was sharp. It glittered in tbe light. I walked a little faster. I was close behind bim, but I bad trodden so softly that he had not heard ma. He was humming a little tune, the tune of a French love song. Tbe knife I plunged into his back, and stopped a note in the middle and completed my mistake." The vista of leafy shadow spread long before us, and I dared not hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," he said; a very great mistake. He lay on his face there, in tbe moonlight, and I heard him moan once or twice, and then gasp for breath. After awhile he was still. Then I stooped, and touched him. How cold he was! . On the little finger of the hand, that bad clutched a tuft of soft spring grass in his dying agonies, her ring glittered. It looked up at me in the moonlight like a demon's eye. I rushed away and left him lying there. Ko one would ever, know that I had killed him. Where do you think I went madam ? Straight to Pamela's house. I had not been ere for two months, but I strode straight ist the servant and into the passage. The "ndow was open. There were no ligbte in j ^ room, but the moon fell across tbe floor, j later and brighter than I bad ever seen ii j •'ore. Near the window sat Pamela, but •lore I could speak, I saw that we were not i .'•tie. Someone had entered at the door j ith me, and passed before me now, and \ ,it down beside her. It was the man I had j just left dying in Long Road. I saw his 1 saany curls, bis handsome face, the ring on his little finger. I saw him take the ting off | and put it on her finger, and &s; be turned j >0 do so, I saw the knife I had stabbed him with sticking out of bis back, and saw that he was white and stiff as dead men are. I : don't know any more about it. I don't know i what I said. There was á trial in court, j and a prison, and I saw him lying in a ! coffin, and J five minutes ^^tnn after sitting A*l on n a chair beside me. I've seen him ever since, ] just when I did not want to see him. For i instance, now. There be comes. Excuse me for leaving you. I used to be called Polite Patterson in my youth. I know I should escort you to yonr door; but I _ cant introduce a dead man with a knife sticking out of his back to you—to any lady. Adieu.*" sombrero, ^ t V ' t a T S f ^ away into the woods again; while I ran the other way as I never ran before in all my life. In five minutes I met little Tommy Simpkins driving home the cows, and in five minutes more, was safe within the farmhouse, where I narrated my adventure. << You've had a lucky escape," said Mrs. Sirapkins. " I wonder you're alive. That's the loony gentleman that lives, in tbe hollow. He must have got away from the man that watches bim. I believe be did kill a young man wbo cut him out with his girl twenty years ago, and he would have been hung, only they found be was crazy. He was in an asylum a long while, but bis folks are strange. At the time, I considered this a mild description of Mr. Patterson, and thanked Heaven that I had escaped violence at the hands of my strange companion. 