A MOTHER'S SIN; Ot The Northcombe Mystery, Br CHARLES GraoWoon. CHAPTER XII-(CO'TIN r?D.) This conversation between Captain Card and Mrs Foyle happened on a Friday ,o On the following day Margaret, bt?sg spent the night in almost entire esplsness, went up to Mrs Cardington's droOm with her aunt's breakfast. , airranged the tray in the way which si Cardington approved, she stood in hes'tion at the bedside. ,,s there anything more that I can do for y " she asked in her gentlest manner, as Ser lo ked up at her inquiringly. "I think not," was the answer. " When Mr, Foyle has finished her breakfast I shold he glad if she would come up and talk to me a little. I feel rather dull this a?g.or"' aid Margaret, eagerly, "don't thtnkcyou could talk to me a little this morning I want so much to speak to "o0 course, Margaret, I am always ready to hear what you have to say. What is Is"' :I think I should like to go away for a itte. I think I cannot stand aside from God work any longer. Everything seems to point to this i" "What do you mean? Have you still got that silly idea of shutting yourself up in Heme!" .I want to go to St. Agatha's for a little, to learn how I can be useful." Mrs Cardlngton appeared to deliberate, with the assistanuc of her smelling-bettle, and sighed with a beautiful gesture of resignation. She saw that her tea was get tig cold, and sipped it, and began to trifle wish a kidney. ,,V'ery well I' she said. "Very well, Margaret. You are your own mistress, and you have only yourself to consult. I am of to arccmnt You don t perhaps think how this may affect me." "Ido not wish it to affect you in any I say. I have made up my mind that I will , rak Colonel Neal to consent to my giving you the same sum of money each year as you have while I am living with you, and, ol corse, yen will have the house." ' Well," said Mrs Cardingtn, " write to Colonel Neal, and we will see what he Ste was smiling at her plate. The kidney was perfectly cooked, and was phenomenally 1 ender. "Then," said Margaret, "I have your onsent " 'I think you are foolish to think that because your sailor is dead, the properly romantio thing Is to forswear the - world. and to give yourself up to good works. But I suppose you only intend to mope here, and I fancy the best thing for you to do will be to work yeaour romance out. Have oun consulted Dick 2" "I have spoken to no one except your. self." "Ithink you had better speak to Dick. I This egg is boiled a quarter of a minute too lomn. Will you be kind enough to mention it in the kitchen. And don't forget to ask Mrs Foyle to come to me." Margaret sadly withdrew. Sympathy i was impossible in that quarter. Mrs Cardington, as soon as she had closed the door, raised her handkerchief, and I sprinkled some scent upon it before she wiped her face. There were drops of per spiration upon bar forehead. SIt might do as well as anything." she refected. " With the five hundred pounds, and the use of the house, I could get on. Bat will Colonel Neal consent to it? Will he go into figures i If she speaks to Dick, I will this force his hand 2' She pushed her breakfast tray away, and gave herself up to thinking out the position i until Mrs Foyle came In. "What are they doing downstairsa" 1 asked Mrs Cardington. "Captain Cardington and Margaret are talkin the garden. Thesuperiorperson is writing an article for her paper. You I look rather fagged this morning, and you fon't seem to have eaten much breakfast. Iry a little eau-de-vie in a cup of coffee." "* Thank you, my dear; perhaps it would do me good." "Been cut this morning ?" No. But I slept very badly. Just look out of the window, my dear. Do you see them?" Mrs Foyle went to the window. "Yes; they are moving along at the bhttom of the garden. Captain Cardington has both hands in his pockets, and she is three yards away from him, picking flowers The old spaniel waddles along between them. You don't go the right way to work, Mrs Cardington, to bring that matter of. They take one another as a matter of course. You should send Margaret away. They'll never do any good at home. Send her away and you'll see he'll go after her. Lovers and pigs always go as you want them, If you try to turn them another way. They are both governed by the spirit cf sheer enssedness." ' Do you think so !" "I'm sure of it. ShallI read to you!" Miss Ingram wrote her article from begin. ning to end that Saturday morning, and so completed her weekly contract with the proprietors of the "Camberwell Budget." Her article was upon the subject of " Boots a3d Shoes in the Days of Qesen Bess," and weasai learned a disquisition upon the subject as her note- book of materials. gleoced a me weeks ago in a morning's visit to the British Museum, permitted, and was written with the light touch for which she stood in high repute wit the editors of the vioae journals with which she was cen nected. She threw down her pen with relief at the end of the task,. folded up heriS. for post, and having still half an houear at her dSposal before luncheon, put on her sailer' het, and walked oat into the garden, and down the sig-zag path to the besoh. It was low tide, and the rocks that made a barrier an each side of the narrow stretch al sand and shingle which the old admiral had oleared for hi bathing, were high and dry. Much to her surprise, she saw the figure of a woman climbing the barrier on one side, and stooping to get shelfiah as she went. Thewomanwas thin and worn, and almost clothed in rags, and Molly went up to her. "How do you manage to scramble over those great rocks!" she asked, as the woman greeted her with a onrtegy. "Ay, they're sl, and I'm all bruises. But Iman just serat about as I can for a few penn'oroh. Be you one of the young ldies at the Cottage yonder!" "I am stalying there jost now." " Along of Mrs Foyle, as they call her !" "rIe got summat for her." She fumbled amgal t her rags for a pocket. "I was to give this piece of writing into her very own hands, mun said. But hew am Ito get 'old ofher! Imthat tired and elemmed, and there's siz childer up to our house elemmed and hollerin' for food. Would yenu be so god. ma, uas to take it for her Mrs Joeyle, it says-and as nioe ayounglady as ever a-mse to see nus. You'll say as Tilds brought it-Jan's'Tids-as she saw along with gran'dad." Miss Ingram mtok the note, and felt in her pocket for a con. This poor creature might at least bare the first.fruits of her mrnicg's holiday task. She gave her a doris, and promised to deliver the note. "And you'll be good enough to say as -an and grn'dsd were drunk three dae" rolag with the money as she left, and I'd take ite as kindness sf sbhe'd not be givine?g them money. It's not money we wants. It's food an' clothing, and money'll never bing them as long as the * 'Jolly I·r's' door's open. Jan, he's going on something "Ia Jan your husband " "You maysay so, and a bad 'nn. There's et aworme husband inNir'combs. Not as wIon'e say that if you want a job done, hsther t be a bit of mending ormaking, he's es good a workman as ever man could be, when he's sober.' " What is his trade!" "Oh, he's a fisherman by trade, but he just followed the joiners, and he mends up the boats now and again, and does odd jobs at anything. He learnt his trade in gaol, you see, miss. It's seldom now he gets a job 'cept when there's fish, and then he'll go for an extra hand on a smack for a week or two." A "bad 'an," undoubtedly. Molly admired the pride with which this miserable 'Tilda teemed to hug the fact that her man was the worst in all the village, and her lot consequently the most miserable. She went back to the Cottage moralising, leaving 'Tlde to scramble over the rooks along the shore, with the florin hidden away as a splendid treasure, which could never be safe from Jan's greedy clutches until she had converted it into food for her clamorous children. "A begging letter, I suppose," she said, as she glanced at the note-and then ! "What a marvellous resemblance!" she orled aloud as she stood and studied the handwriting. "What is a marvellons resemblance" 1 repeated a voice close beside her, and turn- i ing she saw Mrs Foyle issuing from the month of the cave with a book in her hand. 'It's only-a-a note for you. Awoman gave it to me to bring to you. I was think. I ing that the handwriting was exactly like one I nsed to know very well indeed." Blanche took the note with a quick glance I at the other's face, and then laughed can temptuoucly. "It's only a note from my husband. In get one or two of these a day," and she i hastily read the note and tore it into frag. I ments, which she tossed into the sir. U We bad better hurry back, for the lunoheon- I gong has just sounded." Miss Ingram was went to congratulate herself that, whatever her other faults, she was free from the vice of curiosity. But that day she was to do something which was the I first action in a series of actions whiobh were i painfully replusive to her nature. Before a the tide came up, while Mrs Foyle, Mar. garet. and Captain Dick were out of sight I on a walking expedition, from which she had asked to be excused on the score of a head. I ache, she was down upon the beach poking I amongst the shingles with her stick, and groping amongst the rook,. She was not seeking shells or mnesels or anemones, but a one of a number of scrapo of paper, which she found scattered abroad upon the shore. I It is only just to say that she did not s attempt to piece these scraps together. ! She merely picked them up, a'd threw them away again as soon as she had glanced at c them. At last she found the one she sought, and placed it carefully between the pages of a small memorandum-book, It contained only three words "Yours ever, PAUL'." And the tIrudah of the capital "P " was unmistakable. CHAPTER XIII. MOLLY'S LAST .oIGOxGrE. Miss Ingram often boasted of her powers to sleep. She was not nervous. Her diges. tion was good. Her health was perfect. Once in bed and the candle out, and she was fast asleep and en route to dreamland, while other less fortunate people were filing ! their flocks of sheep over narrow stiles, or counting their numerals, orrepeating poetry, But on that Saturday night, for the first time for many year., her happy power deserted her. She heard the booming of the waves along the shore, and the ticking of the clock upon the stairs, and the mice running their midnight races behind the wainscoting of her room, and in vain did she essay to think out a subject for an artiole or ruminate upon the plot of the remarkable novel she intended to write srme day. Her mind was in no humour for either pretending to be inactive, or for smuggling eleep into its recesses by any other hypocrisy. She lay wide awake for at least two hours, and then fell only into a half-sleep, in which things connected with the past day seemed to be as real to her as if she was still awake. It was in this intermediate state that she heard her door gently pushed open and saw a figure pass stealthily between her bed and the wall The click of a door brought her to the moment of olear consciousness, and she hastily sprang up and lit her candle. "The ' Admiral's Room," which she occupied, was a large apartment, and had in it two doors. One was the door com municating with the landing outside. The other presented itself to the eye as the entrance to a large cupboard, in which were pegs for hanging dresses. This convenience she bad made use of, and as she opened the door and looked in her dresses ooocupied their several places, and were undisturbed Now the door had certainly clinked on this side of the room, at least twenty feet from e the ordinary door. It was, perhaps, a case in which her half-dormant senses bad been deceived; but she was not sufficiently imaginative to suppose that she had In vented a door in her sleep. Taking up her candle again she entered the cupboard, and I examined it more attentively. It was i panelled as was the rest of the room, and a there was no trace of any secret door. But I she felt convinced that such a doer I existed, and that someone had pseeed 1 through her room and found egress on this side by its means. She, of conrae, did not believe in ghosts. A figure in her room at night could only be the figure of a being of flesh and blood. The olinking of a door was no supernatural sound. But as she got into bed again she failed to explain either the figure or the sound on any reasonable hypothesis, and simply rebuking herself for being silly enough to puzzle herself about them, she determined that she had been deceived by, perhaps, the movement canused by a sudden draught of air. She put the matter in syllogistic form for her own satisfaction. The figure passed from the outer door to the cupboard-door and dsleappeared. The figure is not in the cupboard, there' fore if it disappeared there must be a door concesaled in the cupboard. But there is no door concesaled in the cupboard. Therefore no figure can have disappeared. Q. E. D., added Molly, putting out the candle, and putting her head upon the pillows. But she was wrong, as habe had to learn before many days. It is enough at the present to state that Blanche Foyle had, by a secret imparted to her by Mrs Carrington -mach to Hannah's indignation and dis gust-left the bouse in the night by the turret.door, and was now passiog with slippered feet down the garden walks, and by the zig.-zag path to the beach. Ont of the shadowed entrance of the oave, from which she herself, as we saw, suddenly revealed her presence to Riac Ingram in the morning, now appeared the figure of a man, smoking a cigarette. "Psaul!" she said, in a low tone. "I am here, How late yon are 1" "Ithought I should never have come at all. I don't like this business of playing the ghost." "Have you brought it ;" "No; I told you that it was Impossible. Ihave brought you a few things, but I told yen a week ago that money was oat of the question. You had netter take what you can get and sell them. Two of the rings should fetch a pony apiece. They are real diamonds." "The gift of the revered Mr Foyle 7" " You fool, to suppose I should give you anything of his ! The man withdrew to the shadow of the cave and struck a match, which enabled him to examine the little leather cases she had placed in his hands, " Pooh !" he caid. "These are good for nothing. I want money. I You always did, Paul, except when you were flsh for six weeks." ." "And money I most have. Now, I can't come fooling over here at this time of night all the way from Dartmouth and get nothing for it. I will give you until Mon day night-" d, I's not the slightese use. You might just as well come and expect me to give you the moon. I have no money, and I can't get It." "But you shall get It I" he said, with an oath. "Ask the fellow here to give it you or lend it to you." "Impossible I" "Well, have it your own way. You know the alternative i" "Yes; but mind, Paul, that If yen blow on me, I shall blew on you. What will you gain 2" "What shall I gain P" he repeated. "Do you suppose I care a threepenny-pleooe what happens to me? This is my last shot, and if it falls I oan make a hole in the water, I suppose, or take a leap off the oliffs, as ether and better men than myself have done before me. I think you may as well understand that I am a desperate man." "Do you think your sister would do any. thing for you 1" " Molly ! No. Molly's affection for me is so great that she would probably take the earliest opportunity of getting me safe from the reach of all further temptation In Pertland or Dartmoor. For Heaven's sake, don't breathe a word to her of my being I here ! Besides, I don't suppose she has m more than enough to pay her way. Go to your sailor-" t "Impossible I" "How abenut Foyle? Can't you eat a little dirt for my sake? You would have done it once, Blanohe." "Paul, you are a cad to ask such a I thing." " Well," he sall, shrugging his shoulders, "go your own way. On Monday night It shall come over from Dartmouth by train, I resohing here at 9.15, I shall have my baR. and shall catch the train to Exeter at 10.35. I shall come up here, and you'll c give me the pieces. Failing that, you'll go I to the bad, as quickly as a moral nation I can make you." "And if I bring the money I' 1 " Then you and I will make a run for it, get to Plymouth, and go off a-sailing over I the ocean blue, my dear, and make a fresh a start." " Thank you," she said. "When I do turn over a new leaf, it will net be with t your assistanoe, I think. Well, come on Monday, and I will think it over in the e meantime." "Here !" "Yes. Captain Cardington and the girl l are going to a Harvest Home affair at the a other side of Northoombe, and won't be c home until late, so you can come here with. v out anyone being about. Perhaps I will r meet you. Come by the road," " Well, remember that I must have the r coin." f "I'll remember what you say." "Molly I" came a gentle voice at Misa t Ingram's door. "Are you asleep 2" r Mins Ingram was sufficiently awake to i recornise Margaret's voice. t "No. Come in," she said. " I can't sleep," said Margaret. "I am sure there is someone about. My windowi is open, and I distinctly beard voioes." She went to the window and peeped out t between the slate of the Venetian blinds "Look !' she whispered. "There are figures down by the flag.post. I can see r them distinctly." Miss Ingram got out of bed. There was just light enough to see two figures stand. tog out against the sky, but not enough to distinguish them. "Shall I call Dick I" asked Margaret. " No; let us watch." "Do you think they can be burglars" c Margaret's teeth were chattering. "Oan't say," said Molly. "Get into my I bed, Meg; your teeth are chattering. Ah I they have moved. One has gone down the path; the other Is coming up the garden 1" She muttered something to herself and re- t mained fixed at the window. Then saddenly there was a slight, grind- I ing noise, as of a door pushed open upon an I uneven surface. Molly sprang into bed and threw the clothes over Margaret, whispering : "Shut your eyes, and pretend to be fast i asleep." t Margaret obeyed, but Molly felt that she , was quaking. i A sight alick, and then the opening of the cupboard-door very quietly-just half an inch-and silence. Molly snored. In another moment the door had opened six inches-a foot-a foot and a half-two feet, and was softly pushed to again, but not absolutely closed. Molly snored loudly, squeezing Margaret's hand tightly under the clothes to give her confidence. The figure of a woman passed noiselessly across the room, and lightly opened the door and disappeared, "Did you see her ?" whispered Molly. "Blanohe Foyle I Oh, Molly, what can this mean" i "I think I can guess. She is a thief I 3 Look up everything you have. Depend I upon it, nothing is safe. Bat say nothing e to anyone. Leave this to me." "I can never speak to her again," c moaned Margaret. This took place early on the Sunday I morning. Margaret went back, to her own room before the servants began to move t about the house, but felt too poorly to get I up, and sent word by Phyllis that, having a headache, she would remain In bed. After breakfast Dick looked at his watch; " Who is going to church2" he askei t He never failed to attend the morning service on Sundays when he was at home. I " Shall you come, Miss Ingrain?" 1 "I think not this morning. I will stay at home with Meg, who really seems very ill." 1 "I will go to church, then," said Blanche. And although Dick would have arranged things differently, he found himself com- 1 mitted to the walk to Northoombe and back with Mrs Foyle. He devoutly hoped 'that she would behave herself, and she remark ably surpassed his expectations. Everything in her conduct-her carrying of the dainty prayer- book, her attitude during the service, her apparent attentiveness to the Rev. Mr. Wallace's very dogmatic sermon-was ad mirably conventional. She was too clever to overact her part. i On the way home she appeared serious and perfectly reasonable. " Dick," she said, "I have been thinking over our conversation. I have made up my mind that your advice, as ever, is the best. I have already trespassed too much upon the kindness of your mother. I think I will pack up and go up to London on Tuesday. There is somebody in London who might be able to show me some way of putting my mnade and dancing to good use. I want to rise out of the unprofitable level, as that man said in his sermon, though I suppose I he meant that we were to go in for more rtuallam. However, I will try. Youn said you could help me. I shall not look upon it as a gifb, but as a loan-a few pounds to pay my way until I can get into something certain. It's very absuanrd, bhut I am almost penniless." "You shall have two hundred pounds whenever you like," said Dick, cheerfully. "To.morrow i" she asked, looking up at him archly. im Well, that's certainly short notice. But I'11 woek it somehow. Lord Charlbary's steward would probably be able to cash me a cheque. Hlie has done it for me before. Yes, I think I may promise you all, or nearly all, to-morrow. I'll ride over the first thing in the morning." "You are so good to me I " she said, in a broken voice. '*I cannot tell you how deeply I feel it. Sentiment is not much in my line, but-" !"Say nothing about it," said Dick, oare lessldy. "And you don't feel in the least bit sorry that I'm going to say good.bye ?o This was a dlficult questlon to answer. He temporleed a little. "I want yon to get into a happier and moreatlesfactory mode of life. That seems the first thing." " Perhaps you are right. Bnt I have been very happy here, and am very gratefol to you all Lor the kindness I have received. I love your mother, Dick, and think she is a perfect darling." "You seem to have got on pretty well with her." "Yes. I think lamuse her, and she wanted rousing," "Blanche," said Dick, very earnestly, "have you any idea whether my mother ever goes out early in the morning?" "Ah I" she said, playfully, "that's her secret She does sometimes. but she does not want anyone to know about It. I was net to tell you. She goes out sometimes, and then slips into the house and gets into bed again." "But why?" he asked, with a puzzled expression. "She suffers so much from Insomnia, and was nervous about herself. But now she takes a little mixture I persuaded her to get. It is from a prescription which a doctor gave me once when I had Insomnia. She sleeps splendidly when she takes a few drops at night." Dick was silent. "I can't see why she wanted to keep the matter so secret," he said. "Oh, that was for your sake. She was dreadfully low, and thought that insomnia meant that she was going to die." "It has caused me a great deal of trouble. trying to make out why Ishould see her out, and then be told by the servants that she was in bed. Poor old mother I So that Is the explanation of the mystery? Well, I am glad that you have been able to do something for her. What are these drops you speak of ?" " Oh, quite harmless. I took them regu larly for monthr, Something soothing, with just a dash cf morphia. It's given to people with neuralgia. Well, I'm glad that I went to church. Do you know, I think I am a better woman for it?" Dick thought her tone implied sincerity. "I suppose," he said, "that none of us can come into contact with even the out skirts of a kingdom of high and beautiful Ideals without being the better for it ?" "Yes," said Blanche, very meekly; then, In a sudden return to her old wicked self. whioh spoilt everything-" that old point lace on the holy mon's surplifoe was very uplifting. It was exactly my ideal of a perfect lace." Dick was annoyed. She had just failed to leave upon him a favorable impression. She had, moreover, led him to commit him self to a seriousne thought, which had been germinating mysteriously in his own inner conscloasness, and had then made fun of it. Now, perhaps one of the most unpardonable sine of which women are guilty zs to draw a cheque upon the reserve of private philosophy which is hidden away somewhere In every mind, and then to dishonor It. On their arrival at the house they were met by Miss Ingram, wearing a very grave face. "Margaret is very ill," she said. "I went up to Mrs Cardington and suggested that the doctor should be sent for, but she thought that It was unnecessary. Still, I really think that it would be well to have him. There sl certainly something more than a feverish headache the matter." "He shall be sent for at once," said Dick, quietly, walking away to attend to the business at once. Mrs Foyle walked to a garden-chair and threw herself into it. "Awfully hot !" Molly acknowledged the remark by a motion of her head. "Church was hot, singing was bad, sermon was slow I I wonder why these good people, who want to make the world straight and smooth, go about their work like a great lumbering steam.roller, thumping over you backwards and forwards as if they expected to crush everybody down to their own level of dulness ! I would give all the money in my purse for a glass of gin-'ling. Dick ? Oh, he's gone to see about the sick girl. Well, Miss Ingram, do you carry a oigarette-.ase? For goodness sake give me something to smoke, If only to keep away the dies. Buzz, buzz, buzz! Beelzebub and all the legions must be In the air to-day. Do you ever go to the mnsl-halls, Miss Ingram i" Mrs Feyle took a cigarette from the case which the other had placed on the seat beside her, and, striking a light, threw her head back and smoked into the air. Molly took the cigarette-.cae, and, without a word, slowly walked down the garden and threw it into the sea- an action which Mrs Foyle greeted with a burst of laughter. Mo'ly had for ever done with cigarettes. The strongest moral teacher is Disgust. (To be Continued). 