The One Maid for Me. CHAPTER XXIX. 'It mentioned that aCnptain ThorndyVc — tho ono, T imogino, ..who sent. you that pretty silvor looking-glass as a wedding- presoht— bad ' boon killed ono night in n cnrriagb accident white driving hemo from a ball or something. An inquest uau ia oo — hold, it sooms, and tho verdict was " noni- don tni death." Rut tho pnragrnph hinted thero wnsa suspicion oi. mystery nbout tho nffair, and tho family had deno alt in their power to hush it tip decently. Was that correct, I wonder ?/ Thnso sscicty journals ore such tantalising things always. Did you know much — anything— of this Cap tain Thorhdyko?1 asked Sybil curiously. I know him vory well,' answorcd Beth any, in a low tone. 1 kVas ho nico? Was ho haridsotno? Did youliko iiim f criod hor friond eagerly. . For myself,'. I liked him vory uracil— somolimes— pbrhnps bocauso now and again ho was singularly liko Basil. Thoy wore first-couBins, you know, and thoro was a likeness in' many ways; though somo pooplo could novor aoe - it.' .Sho epoko , hurriedly and shivered o'iittloi 'Spbil, do you mind shutting the window for me, please— there is a draught.' Bethany. changeu'ino suo- jeet forthwith . in a 'manner there was ; no gainsaying. '.Oh, Sybil, we shall soon bo thinking of a harvest-home again,. shall: wo not?'phoBnid.> ' But this timeTam.afraid T shall seo nothing of it. Do you romom- hor what hnpponcd at our lost harvest-sup- ' per, Sybil ?' ' I am not nut quito BUro that I do.' . ro- : plied Miss 'Uorkhom aheontly. - Horrelteo- tiona ot-that moment wore harking hack to ' mysterious paragraphs in" society .newspa- ' pore, it. was: maddening whon thoy were dona in Buch a manner that it was impossi- blofor on outsidor 'iiko horsolf to fatho.n their reM significrinco.. 'Whatwas it, dear ? Anything particular?' ; ' Oh, Sybil,"' ! what' a mpiiibry !' Bbthiiriy exclaimed, with a reproachful look, clasp ing and unclasping those tliin wliito hands of hore fovoriehly in hor lap.' 1 Basil pro posed to mo on -that ovoning after onr first dancoin tho barn.' ;; j I." i' ' ' q ' Why, to ho sure ho did ! -, I -remomhor now. How stupid, ofino tfyfbrget.. . A ti , wcl', lot us hope that you nndho will dance togothor in tho barn ogain thisycai. Mr. Goring is a rich man now, and ho wua say ing to Dh k o ily tho' olhor morning in tho .field that'' hoi n oust1 tho'-' stroliora and the 'iVr'V! Y:. .-' :h.. -;H.. i"< hiiWlh.'i rest of them to have n high old timo of it thisyoar. Of courso Mr. Goring did - not say that oxaotly — they woro .Dick'B words.' . ' No, said Bathany mournfullv, 'I sh'on't bo there thia year, Sybil.: It , was but yos- torday I asked Drl Smith whether I might i not comb down and sit in tbocodar parlour, . or anywhere olbo— just for a bliango— I did not care where it was— and bo said nt once,." Dooidoilly not," booaasb tho stairs, up and down, wonld bo too much for mo, but that's nil nonsense. Father could carry mo, if that was all. Iliko Dr. Smith— ho is a cheorful littlo man— but ho is vory fussy nud unreasonable, Sybil.' . 'Yes, dear, ho is on old pig,' said Sybil, withaiiortof vicious sympathy. Hor busy thoughts j ot dwolt on socioty paragraphs, which told by far too skatehily how intor- osting Captaius got themselves killod soino- how in carriagonccidontsbotwoau midnight and dawn, and— and— woll, to say tho loast, it was exasperating to fool that some people should chango .so much in a short timo, whilst other pooplo romainod just tho simo, as frank and opon and loynl as ovor. Sho had no sccrots from Bethany, and Bo- thany by rights should hnvo nouo from hor. It was not fair. Sybil folt injured in no mean degree. Sho maintained her blitho .demeanour novertholess, and said presently- in hor airy abrupt waj-— 'Talking of Diok, what did you think of him and Huidah test spring? It was fun ny, wasn't it?' -T 'Dick and Huidali? I do not know what roii mean?', said Bethany, with n look of wondor. 'What did' thoy -do; than ? Nobody told mo.' ..'They did nothing'exhctly;' Sybillaugh- od, ' for it oamo to, nothing. Dick some timo last April— it may havo .boon tho first of tbo'month— risked Huldahto marry him and sho said "No" directly. That is all.' ' And nobody told mo a word about it,' oxolaimed Bethany. ' ' - 'Nobody thought.it worth whilo, I dare ray,' said Sybil, laughing again., 'it was ridiculous — Diok and Huidah !' . . ' Oh, faithless Dick I'.said Bothnny, with a smilo: of real amusemoht. -'He used to protend to bo fond of mo. In. tho old daj-o, when wo wore boy anil girl, ho was always wanting to kiss mo, I romombor ; and ono day in tho holiilays, whon wo woro forrot- ing rabbits, ovor at .Fieldfare, ho. said that ho should mnrry mo when. ho grow up, wliothcr I wos willing or. not.' . 'Pool- old Dick!' said Dick's ; sister; .'Thoro never was a more amorous boj. un der the sun! Ho is always fanoyiug that ho is in lovo with somohodj', and tho coin-, plaint is vory real whilo it lasts.' ! YY v i T ' , ' x' 'I I X : -V : ' ' . Later, when Sybil Mhrkhaui was on hor way homo and Huidah had taken hor pluco in tho iloop how-window upstairs, hor; dark hoail, noat and Binooth as ovor, bent ovor tho lioadlowork which occupied hor atten tion, Butliany said', watching hor — ' Iluldah, you novor told mo that Dick Mnrkhain askod yon ' to marry him Inst spriug, IIow was that ?' A faint accoss of colour tinged tho polo choak of Huidah, and sho so weal on far iioarlj half a minuto in Bilonco boforo sho opened hor lips to replj . IIow cool and trim Huidah nlways luokoil, llothany was thinking iistieisly— nothing scoincd torufllo bor; hor dross was almost as sovoroly nont as that of a nun or hospital nurso. Basil, sho recollected, whon ho first caine amongst thorn, - had onco, in spoakiug of Huidah. described hor as 'woll groomed.' Yos, tho quoor torm fitted hor prooisoly. ' About Diok, did you say, my pot ? Ob, tho business Boomed to us so absurd alto gether— talking or writing about it .would havo boon simply, a. waste of time. Wo forgot it as soon as possiklo.' . ' Of courso Dick Markham is nothing bnt a gpod-naturod boy, .vory inuoh provincial,' romnrkoilButhany idly. 'Still there are plenty of honest men in tho world somo- wKoro,' you know; and soma day, I sup pose, you will many, Huldiih 'Somo womon wore novor meant for for marnago.: I am ono of thorn, darhng. ' That is not true, Iliildah,' said. Bethany with a" tired liiiv " ' Yon' will find tho" right man some day; or ho will ihunago to find you.'- : -r - ' V '. 1 '' ' CHAPTER XXXI ' , IIuLUAn at this tiino slept in;a room' od- joining Bethany's, so as to. bazaar hor. in tho iiigiit and through a largo dark enp- bokrd, soared "to biiiudboxes,' there "wore doors of cbihmunioation hotwoon tho two rooms. ' < . One night, whon tho gibbous moon hung low in tho sky, as Huldnh was leaving hor, Bothnny called hor book. - -Hor father and flousin Liza, as was - their nightly oustoM, Had already kissed hor, and were now gono to thoir rooms.- Huidah too was thon going to bod, and had rqaohod tho cupboard door, whon Bothanj''e voico arrested hor on tho threshold and rccallod hor to tho bodsido; ' ' My darling, what is it ?' ' i Bethany was sitting up again, hor foath- ory .golden hair all shaming .'about hor shoulders, her forget-me-not oyos shininga littlo wildly, but tho light in thom was one of joy. I Sho put- hor arms round Huldal's nook und restefcherforehoad rou Huldah's bosom.- 1. "v-i 1 1 f'.ir.'.V.'- I- : i.'ib'.'-'-.niti. .: i 1 r . .--'i-if r ' Iluldah,' sho whisporod, ' I can koop it 'to mysolf no lougor. You must licor it For weoks— months— I havo suspected the truth— known it, I think, hut I havo told no ono. I havo kept my happy socrot. I , havo kopt it all to mysolf. But now you may toll cousin Liza and aho will mako fa ther, uudorstnnd. Oh, Huidah Yos, it is quite Into, Huliluh— and— and Basil, whon ho knows, will como back to me now ." But August, with its mollow and gold, slipped away into September, and Septem ber in all its pensivo gloiy, in turn fadod into Outobor, a gusty an I gray October, with brown : leaves frolicking along tho dump highwuy and stark bouglis, cutting tho fierco . low sunset, naked before their timo. Still Basil mado no sign. Tho harvo9t-supi)or and dnnoo had boon held as usual at tho appointed tiino in tho -great north barn ; but Bothauj, oven as sho had prophasiod, took no part iu the familiar seono; for tho evening of the festival came ohilly and raw with wild watery gleams in a windy sky,' and Dr. Smith,; when lio folt hor pulse, would not hear of bis' patieiit's louring thohouso that day though ho would now occasionally allow , hor to bo carriid downstairs in -hor father's arms to rest »»»"» oy-iuu iirvsiuo in iqo couar parlour. And the loadon days went by — wont by —and still Basil mado uo sign. Soinotimos iu tbo dark, whon tho Bwoet diui old - room was very quiot, and the china twinkled on tho sombre iwalls, and tho .' shadows along tho wainscot bobbed up ohd down, and the autuniu wiiid, liko a forgotto'n voioo, pried in tho'wido - black guiliit of tho' chimnoy, Bothnny would stare into tho rod wood fire and recall with a siiiking.hoart Basil's last wor.ls— those last .tcfriblo .words ; of his'ho had spoken in farewell— . ; 'If I am alive myself, and you Bond for mo, I will como to you whon you are dying — novor before !' . : r But ;ho . dill not; moan it— of courso ho could not really mean it. Ho' was dooply angoroj dt tho time anil know not what ho said. Ho would como to. hor qnickly— as quick as human will could bring him— when onco ho should lparu that sho was his own truo wifo— tho mothor of his uaborn child. And then sho thought of hluriaua iu hior moatod grange and of her- doiurons plaint of Hocometh not;' whiph'epasod not day or night. .' But weary; as Lam of waiting, I do not wish thatL-wero doady hko that unhappy' creature in" Tonnyaon's pooin,'- said- Bethany, shaking hor : hood - slowly in red fho-giow, ' beoabsoBasit— tho' olil. Basil will stirply como to mo soon, . and ' pardon tho past for tho suko of tlio present. So tho olouds will lift at last, and wo will bo hnppy togothor onoo mora.' If tondero9t care nud Qvor-watohrul min istrations had surrounded Bothnny in tho days so latoly gono, tho sulicitnilo and min istering woro redoubled now— if that : wore possiblo— since it bccamo known that hor frail health was imporillod by A'cuuistancas unguossod hithorto, and that tho timo for hor was appronohiug wlion sympathy and iovo are yielded ungrudgingly to a woman ns hor nntural . duos, nor futhcr stayod with hor wlionavoi ho could, and called hor fondly his own Tomtit ; Huidah wasan aii- gol in mortal guise, niul-couBin Liza almost ono. As for Anno and Jnno in tho kitchen, thoy bought hor posies from tho dying gnr- dan, and tliodogs.whon opportunity oiforod, slobbered hor wax-like hands with doggy, homngo. . Sho was grateful for tho toniior loyalty of all, for suffering had brought Bothany ex- coodingly low, and taught hor a humility suo had novor known bsforo ; but tlio pain and tho strain in tho swoot hluo oj-os were vory sad to seo. Tho expression, in' thorn at times wns so hopoloss.. . Would Basil fail hor in hor oxtromity, aftor.all ? Tlipro camo a night whon tho wii'nt pipod ut th'o koy-holos and: tho blinds stirred ghostly m tho romping draught. In the kitchon, according to Anno and Jnno, lot- tors ririd wiodingrshei ti .appeared -in -the flaring cnndio-wicks ; and in tho rail par lour tho lamp burned dully oiio minuto and gloaniod up boldly and .firmly tho next. Quce the dour of a distant -attic ' slummed and roribrutod with a sound liko a gunshot, and the hollow ooho wont rattling awnj through all tho roomy passages of tho old farmhoueo. \- It was somo timn in tlio small hours bo- twoonmidnight and dawn that Huidah, lying wukofui iu hor own bod, hoard' Be thany moaning and sobbing in hers; Sho aroso instantly ; and soon tho woury hood waspiltowod on Huldah's sbouldor. ' ' '. I havo soon a ghost !' said Bothany wildly. 'No, no, my'pot; you've had a bad dream— nothing woi'go," ouggostcd Iluldah soothiugly. ' I will stny -with you— shall I ."—until j-ou fool sioopy again, and ' thon you won't bo afraid.' ; 'It woe no dream— L saw him ! " I am oortain' of it, Iluldah. Ho camo and stood thereat tho foot. of tho bod,' said Bothany hysterically,- 'and I; saw: tho ghostly crutchos and all— distinctly I' . ' Yos, doarest, I know," Huidah rojoinoil- patiently, os.if slio was reasoning -willi -a sick nnd delirious ohild ; ' somo bad dreams are voiy real — liorribly real. Still, whon tbo morning comos, you know, ond we hnvo tho daj-light overywhoro around us again, choorful and reassuring, wo under stand then that thoy were pply dreams- ugly dreams— after all.' ! ' 'Huidah,- you uro uito wrong. I hnd boon dreaming, I grant. 1 was drduming of Nostwood — our dear lost littlo Nostwdod nenr Ealing Common— and I nwoko with a jump.just us I thought that tho cottago was sinking swiftly iuto tho enrth nnd I was going duwnward with it. My oj-os wore wide-opon thon, and I know that l was sufo in my bod ut homo— at Goodman's Rest. I hoard tbo wind go galloping round tho houso, bellowing liko a doinou and tearing at tho dears and windows. Tho blind fluppod and tho tussol hit the wains cot ; and I looked up, and ho was there > It was only for a momont, though, and than he was gono. But, ns plainly as . I now 8oo you, Huidah, I saw thon tho sor row and tho reproach iu Earlo Thorndyko's oyos.' " : And Bothany wopt heart- brokonlj-. ' Oh, my littlo ono, try to ho bravo and roasonabio— such things. bolievo mo, could never bo Fanciful: and- superstitious pooplo, with morbid imaginations - ill con trolled, will toll you impossible tales of tho t WH» uw OUMU I'UIOVU ' 'You might preach until morning, Hui dah, and you would, not convince -me,' Bo thany interrupted, moaning low and' often. :'I havo seen Eailo Thomdyko.nad hois dead. . I know it. : Oh, poor Earlo ! -I loved him os-it ho had been my brother j und Basil so lovod him too! : Huidah essayed to rcsumo hor wiso rq- moustrau'eo; - but Bothany, unheeding, continued 'hor lamentation. 'I undoratand now what' lio came to toll mo— I havo killed him, it is my fault ! Tho blamoand the sin are' ail ' mino. Ho. had biioh grieving, Huidah; yon seo. : OhV 1 know how dooply. ho"' has griovdd' ovor— ovor Basil -nnd mo ; - ; tho ' severance, tho breaking tip of ' our homo,' tho : ocn'ndal, tho disgraco l Tho ' Thorndykos, you know, ore very proud. Crippled and woakcuod as ho was iu health, ho could not 'boar it- ho was not strong enough. Tbo blow was too tmicdi, and it killed' him. l am his murderess, Huidah— yos, surely I. It is I who havo kilted Earlo Thorndjko, no one olso ; rind; oh, how thoy must jiato nie, all of thorn, ai'd wish that T hud never boon boon born !' . Iluldah for onco in hor jjfs : folj utterly poworlcss to oroato tho sonso of cbihM|fsho so yonriiod til iaqi u t. As f ov: iierseif, s\ could suffer und bo strong; and; lif iieoes- sary, incekly kiss tho - rod ! that ohastouod.' Tho wayward impulaos luid sonsitiyri quick:- : . imaginings of a young untutored soul liko . I : Bothany's woro perhaps . boyond the grasp - ' of- a philosophy at onco so simpler anil un- ' ' solfish as hors ; for of ;sdlf: . thoro - was not' ono partiolo'iu tho nature of I Huidah: Gor-: " illg. .< . .. In tlio morning/Bethany was very: ill. Tho fevor and delirium returned— rovivod with threatening aspect— 'aud ruddy Doctor Smith, with puckered brows, looked ex- - ccodingly grave whon he wentdowu-stairs.: Ono cry was forever ou hor lips, ; morning; . noou.and night monotonously; and, .though, sho recognised uobodj' that was with hor at . any tiino, eho importu nud: daily tho aid o all alike; ....... r , ... 'Find Basil forme, will you, and bring him horo to ino quickly— quioklyj do you hoar ? I am vory : ill,' you know ; I feoL : that I am. . My head is on firo, arid tho- pain of 'it muy:killmo. . If I'wore iodic, Basil would bo' sorry ;:hocauso ho said that1: he would coins toiiio when'I wasdyiiigoiid - - if Isout -for liim,: but never boforo. : So:.: toll him (hat I am dying— you, father dour, or some ono — and thon lio will como back ; I to Goodman's Rost/ ' : John Goririg, pookotingi so to : spoak; his : ! sonso. of gnovuiu wrong, : his: sturdy I prido . , „ rind his strong resentmont together, ' wrote without delay a temperate tetter to 'Basil. : n In-brief, in: his " oliinhirig eorrow," tho : yeoman pleaded with tho young rirnn his . son-in-law ond uttorod no uphruiding wird. He'nskodbiiri simply'. to ' bo morciful Ifor.- Bothany's sako, who pvon as Ho wrote was' lyingiri tho shadow of 'doath; . ' Johri Goring sent his lotter to Nightin- galoCoiirt, arid Hemp tho'butlorpromptly forwaj dodit/: But it reached; its destina tion a day too late; for ou tho foregoing : day SjrIIeriry Thorndyko.nwith Basil arid ' ; Bonnldino, hod quitted Nriis for. Englarid, ; bringing homowiu-d Iwith thorn: the body.of , Earlo. : . fI,'- ... „ A"'J al Goodmun'o Host iho heavy days wont bv, uiicquntod in the pain and.glooiri winch bad tukqn up thoir abofin ' withui, no B«si coming in m.swor to Brithariy'ri ri,y" r lu,nm. when tho gathering, -shadows lopmod tlnokest and hor frail hold on oxis- ' Wr by "'f80 who >oved' ' 5.? 'te 'wolds,' that tho anguish o? j"tedfor thpriotoM by : " 