Choice Sfcries.| THE « is AT RYE. It is a vmcturesque spot, that ancient town of ^ye, JrtieSi the river runs full at the base of the rock on which it stands, and the Jgttie-^shing-boats with their red brown, patched' sails, swim down on the j tide it) -the sea. But when the tide has ran out, andthe mild-banks fill the river's bed in« long grey line to the now distant sea, n|jie old town, with its narrow, steep streets'~ of: small, close-packed houses, crowned with the low square tower of the ancient.church, looks desolate indeed. So>f|thpught Ned. Marix as, on a chiUy Novenj&er; afternoon, he made his way slowly up into the town from the station, through a drizzle of rain which made the rough stoneB slippery, and pattered down from_the^overhanging eaves of the houses. This waB iris first visit to Bye, and he seemed Kk«ty fogetho enthusiastic wel come. Me nad asked his way to * the best inn,Vtodvvtaving be,en told rather pointedly '"fcfiat 'the principal hotd was * Th6 *BuIT in the Hight Street/ he per ceived that he had gone near to wounding the town's susceptibilities, and that in losing its importance, it had not lost its dignity;; Ned was at le&Bt; able to thank the fates, however, that * The Bull' proved to ba no resplsndent modern hostelry, * re-erected with all modern improvements,' but a plain and by no means extensive building whicKfully carried out the promise held forthT m its advertisement in the guide book. ■ ^ TKib dolose has for many years enjoyed the repute of being clean, sweet and comf&Qable.;' The very first steps he made along the narrow entrance-passage raised'histipirita. A fresh-faced country womain'sfcod at the door of a room on the right£raS :ih'e end of the passage he saw a COBy, "otd-fashiohed bar, and a huge grand father's. clock ticked loudly somewhere in the ditiir&ceBs4s; of oak-paanelled passages in the background. * Good day,4 said he to the waitress.' The veiy fact that there was no dingy waiter about warmed one's soul. ' Can I have anything to eat ? A chop, anything.' 'Yes, sir. This way, if you please, «r.' ■ She was quite' peremptory in her manner as she diverted him from his pur pose of entering the room on the right, and insisted on his going into the coffee room onthe lelt. Ned felt that she was too autocratic. * For in that apartment on the njjht, which bore the words 'Com mercial Room," and into which, therefore, as a public room, he had eveiy right to go, thererwas a big well- filled book-case, and —a golden haired girl. Now, Ned was an artist, and endowed, like other artists, with susceptibilities as to gotSenliair which made even a tinge of flaxen or auburn a joy to him. The hair he had just seen made him long to get at his palette,. Heielt that he must see that girl, he must know her, he must paint her if he had to stay in Rye six' monthk io dS: it? <i 'MdanVhile7heV5#as 'in the tiny coffee-room, waiting for his din- 1 ner, with nothing better than last; week's 1 local newspaper to amuse nimself with. ; He would go and ask the golden haired young lady for a book. So he crossed the - passageinto the commercial room. The girl, who was sitting close under the ^ok^^e,stu^.ying a yolome open on, her knee, looked.,up. Something in her ▼eiy glance showed at once that she was adorably unused to meeting strangers. She was not shy or awkward, but she was surprised. _' Ifcyouwant anything, will you please, ringing ftelf in the coffefe room, and the waiters will come,' she said. The words were a snub, but the grey eyes were..kind. Ned retreated to the door, but said Tiumbly,— * 'I beg your; pardon. But I came to ask if you . would be kind enough to lend me a book.® " 4 ' I am sure Mrs. Richmond will. I'll go and ask her.' 'Oh. aear, this was not what he had wanted at all; a portly landlady descend ing upon him, with open suspicions as to the genuinenss of his avidity for litera ture ' 'Pray don't take that trouble,' said Ned. She was already at the door. But before she could open it, the waitress had entered in search of the traveller. •Your chopis ready for you in the coffee room, sir,' she said rather severely. ' Oh, Martha, is Mrs. Richniond in 1 This gentleman wants a book.' Maftha looked: at him sharply. * Mrs. Richmond is out, but I'm sure you'd be very welcome to a book, if there's any there will suit you.' ' I shoiild like some local history, if there to such a thing—some book that tells about the old places in and around the town, and the stories told of them.' * The stories 1' echoed the golden-haired girl, with" a laugh; 'you must ask Martha (herself for those. She knows more than the books tell.' Oh, what I know is mostly gossip, and nothing ;much to tell anybody,9 protested Mart|ia,i 'iofliening.' ' * That is exactly what I like to hear— the gtissip,' ^said Sed. ' What the people say aboi^arho.use or ,a. church influences, one's though!! as one looks at it, and] gives it a special -attnosphere. And that is everything to.us painters.' * Oh,, are you an artist ¥ asked the young4§dyj tpth gre&t; interest. * That is, what my father was before his eyes grew weak. He; thinks just as you do of the stories'; and be writes about them too. He says there is ao history of this place that -an '-'intelligent person can read" without weeping. So he is writing one, and l am helping him.' The'girl—she 'could not have been more thanjiineteen—glanced at Martha, as if afraicl she h&d; beentoo communicatire to a stranger. But the waitress, who was a mass of prejudices, had just made up her mind that .the newcomer was a gentleman * every inch of him,' and unbent accord, ingly. 'And l may make bold to say I've helped %&.^Genri^li too,' she said; ' For I was with him nearly three hours the other da^i" telling him. word for word, as it was told to me, Jthe story of the mur ders at the old * "Mermaid.'' ' Murders at the: old * Mermaid !'' echoed Ned, with voluptuous enjoyment. 'Tell mej too, please. I love a good murder, especially if it's not too ancient. How old is yours V ' Why, ;they both of them happened in my time. i'ye been here nine years.' The (waitress, who was evidently a personage of importance in the imi, with extensive powers, was melting. She advanced "to the fire, stirred the coals into a referring blaze, and wheeled a chair round for the gentleman. Ned took his seat with, his back to the murky after noon ^ylight, Vhere.he ioulfi from tittih to time cast aelylyyadmiring glanee at the dem ure young girl in the corner. ' Welti' "Martha began, ' we don't al ways call them murders. For, to Bay truth, theywere more than murders—they were mysteries. There's a couple of very old houses in Rye that were once an inn, called *The Mermaid.' That was long before my time. When I first came to Bye the place had been empty and neglected, and all to pieces for nigh on two years. Then it was done up and divided into two houses, for it was too big for any one about here to take as it was. And one house was taken by a shoemaker, a most respectable man, with a wife and family, who have it now. The other house didn't go off for a bit, and at last they turned it into a hospital. But j one night, it was about Christinas time, Ii remember, and the vicar preached about it, and it cast a damp over everything—a; poor man that was lying in one of the rooms with a broken leg, shrieked out for help. Before the nurse that was in charge could go to the room, "however, the poor fellow was dead. It was found that he had been choked by a great piece of plaster, like that they do ceilings with. The question was: Who had done it ? There was nobody about the house except the nurse, and a women lying in another room, who was paralysed, and could not leave her bed. Then again : Where did the plaster borne from1? There was no ceiling to any one of the rooms; the timbers were just whitewashed, and there was no plasterused, eothepiece found in his throat could not have fallen from the roof into his mouth while he slept, as some one suggested. Well, it was a mystery, and there was an end of it, at least, so we thought. Then that room was not used again for a long time. But in October of the year after there was a great storm, and a ship-wrecked crew of a fishing smack were brought into \ Bye. There being nobody in the hospital at the time, the poor fellows were put up there. Tou see, they were strangers, and had never heard the story. Just picture to yourself what we all felt next day when we found that one of the men had died in the night in exactly the same way as the first. There were two other men sleeping in the room, who were wakened by hearing their comrade choking and gasping for breath. They could just Bse him in the darkness, so they said, struggling with a woman in black, who waved her arms about over him and disappeared leaving him stark dead. Never was such a sensation known in Rye before or since. The place was haunted, so everyone said. It was a curious thing, though, if it was a ghost that did these murders, that' a purse which the sailor had by his pillow, and which held two sovereigns, had disap peared. Of course one of his companions may have stolen it; bnt then it was they who gave the information that he had this money upon him. Then the poor people next door were suspected, because the attic over the hospital was part of their premises, being used by the shoe maker as a store-place. But, besides that be and his family were known to be honest and as harmless as doves, there was no way by which any human being could force himself between the rafters. So there the matter ended ; and I don't suppose the house will ever let again.' ' Well, I confess that even the excite ment of trying to ferret out the mystery would hardly tempt me to a place with such associations,' said Ned, rising re luctantly from the comfortable arm-chair. ' Bjit can you tell me where 1 shall be likely to find a couple of rooms, both very clean, and one very large, in which I can take up my quarters for two or three months ?' Martha shook her head. * You had best stay here, sir, I think,' she said. 4 There are no lodgings that I know of in Rye which would suit a gentle man.' 41 shall have to find some to suit me, though,' said Ned. * I can't afford hotels. I shall be out sketching all day, so it really doesn't much matter what the accommodation is like. I must be off on the tramp to look for them now before it is dark. May I leave my bag here until I am. settled 1 The rest of my things I left at the station.' Martha at once gave the required per mission ; and Ned, taking leave of her and of the golden-haired Miss Hennell, went forth reluctantly into the dreary streets of the old town. It was already nearly dark, and the rain was now falling heavily, rushing down the steep streets as if they had been only gutters, and splashing up round the unhappy stranger at every step. He found his search, as Martha had predicted, difficult indeed. Nobody seemed to lat lodgings—at least nobody who looked clean, and who had less than six babies. Before his wandering# were over it was so dark that he could not read the names of the streets. At last, however, he saw in a window a card with the words, i 'Furnished lodgings, apply at No. 3.' With some difficulty, for the houses were not numbered, he found No. 3. A bright-faced young woman, with a baby i in. her arms, opened the door, and, on learning what he wanted, fetched the key,: and trotted over to the shut-up house, with great alacrity. As he followed her j Ned got a better view of the exterior of the. house, and he was delighted by what he saw. Both the shut-up house and the one next to. it had their upper storeys built of timber. Each room of the two lower storeys was lighted by a lattice window from end to end. - Each house had two pointed overhanging gables, and both were roofed wjth tiles. The young artist's. heart, glowed within him ! if he had searched for a week he could not have found a dwelling more to his mind. ' How is it that this splendid old place is shut up ?' he asked as his conductress turned the key in. the lock. * Because there's' more houses in Bye than there's people to live in'em, I sup pose,' she answered with a laugh, as she led the way through the narrow and bare entrance passage into a large room on the right. •It's all quite clean,' she continued. ' It's me who has charge of the place, and I swept it out only two days ago. Dear, dear, I ought to have brought a light 1 If you'll wait here, sir, I'll fetch one.' Ned did not want to see anything more before making up his mind. The great low-ceilinged room, with its long window and wide window-seat, its enormous old- j fashioned hearth, in which a tiny modern grate looked oddly out of place, were so many irresistible charms to him. The scantiness of the furniture did not matter to him. He .wanted space, air, and light, and these he, had in abundance. ' Stay,' he said, as the woman was run ning off. * C shall take the place if you will get somebody to do my cooking and cleaning, and if you don't want the rent of Buckingham Palace.' The woman shook her head, and laughed again. ' What do you say to seven shillings a week, sir T * I should say it was not ruinous.' ' And I could do for you myself, sir, if you're not too particular about the cooking.' ' I'm not. You shall do for me. Will you please begin by making me a fire, and getting me a couple of candles, and lend ing me a kettle 1 I'm a very accomplished fellow, and cau make my own tea.' In less than half-an-hour Ned had fetched his bag from * The Bull' and the reBt of his luggage from the station, and was sitting in the high wooden roeking chair before the fire, already wishing that the grate were a little bigger, and that he had a companion in that big room. The picturesque and romantic always have another side-.-a lonesome and uncanny side. There were noises in the rafters. Wooden wainscotting has a habit of creak ing and cracking. Old houses have nooks and crannies made for the wind to whistle in. Ned listened to these noises, and to the pattering of the rain on the latticed panes, and wondered whether the street was always a^ empty and deserted as it seemed to be to-night. He had thought he should be so cosy in the wide chimney corner, but, instead, he found it draughty enough to make his hair stand on end. At last he got up, and, for the first time, made a tour of the premises. There were four rooms, two upstairs and two on the ground floor. His sitting-room was the only one that contained a fireplace, and only two out of the fonr could be called furnished. There was no garden, but there was an untidy yard, with a huge rain-tnb at the back of "the house. The feeling that there was something gruesome about the place grew stronger upon him as he passed from the one to the other of the upper rooms and heard the wind howling above him. There muBt surely be an attic overhead, he thought, for the wind to make that noise ! And then he remembered that he had Been, from the street the window of a second story—the one with the gables. But where was the way up into the attic 1 There was no staircase, no ladder. And then followed quickly another thought, so ugly, so unwelcome that he felt wet and cold as it passed through his mind. That old inn ' The Mermaid,' where the two men had died so mys teriously, had an attic which belonged to the adjoining house! vVas this the very house ? He would go over to Mrs. Rudge at No, 3, or better still, he would go back to ' The Bull' and satisfy hsmself on this point. The next moment, however, he pulled himself together and scouted these sug gestions of weakness. He would not have chosen, certainly, to take up his abode in a house with such an ugly his tory as that of * The Mermaid'; but, if he had unwittingly done so, he was not going to show fuuk over it now. Ned returned to his sitting-room, however, in a much less comfortable frame of mind than that .in which he had left it. He tried to keep up his spirits by whistling, and to amuse himself by unpacking and arranging a few books on the shelves, with which the nails of the big room were liberally provided. But that took a very short time, and a long evening still remained to be got through. The rain came down more heavily; the wind was growing more boisterous. Ned sat down in his rocking chair, tried to get interested in a book, and finally, being very tired, fell into a doze, during which he was haunted by feverish, fragmentary dreams, in all of which the actual sounds going on around him—the dropping of the ashes from the fire, the cracking of the wainscotting, the wind, the rain, and the gnawing of the mice—played a pare. The candles burned down to their sockets and flickered out; the fire grew low and flamelesb. Suddenly a burst of cold air swept through the room and awoke him. A cloud of smoke, beaten down by the draught, rushed across from the chimney to the open door, almost blinding Ned, who sprang up from the rocking-chair with a cry. f There before him, plainly to be seen through the smoke by the dull glow of the fire, was the phantom of which he had been dreaming, the phanton which haunted the old * Mermaid'—the lady in black with the waving arms. (To be concluded on Wednesday.) 