THE WIDE WORLD. The district tribunal of Kazan, sitting temporarily in the town of Mamadysh, has, by a final verdict of acquittal, dosed the proceedings, extending over a period of four years, in the cases of the seven persons accused of having murdered, by decapitation, a peasant named Konon Mativunine. Their object was stated to be to offer a sacrifice to idols, the worship of which, mingled with certain Christian beliefs, still survives in the province of Vyatka. The body of the victim was found lying by the roadside near the village of Staraia- Moultana on ISth May, 1892. The accused persons are inhabitants of that village, and the manner in which the murder was committed corresponded exactly to the customs of the pagan sacrificers. There were in the first-instance li persons charged, but three have been acquitted since the opening of the prosecution, and one has since died. "Light" publishes a story of a famous* preacher in America which is probably true. It contains at least a good deal 'of truth. The question "Where, "' Heaven?" was put to Sam Jones by oiie, of his wealthy church members in Georgia* whose cotton crop yielded him some 20,000dols. the last year. " Where is heaven?" said the rich planter. "I[l! tell you where heaven is," said Mr Jones, if you will go down to the village and buy fifty dollars* worth of groceries, put them in a waggon, and take them to that poor Widow on the hillside,who has three of her children sick. She is poor, and is a member of the church. Take with you a nurse,' and someone to cook their meals. When you get there, read the Twenty-third Psalm and kneel by her side and pray. Then you will find out where heaven is." The popularity of swimming as a recreation for women has made amazing strides during the past few years, and some of the most enthusiastic votaries of the pastime are to be found among the Royal Families of Europe. The Empress of Austria is, perhaps, the cleverest of all amateur lady swimmers, and has been known to perform some remarkable natatory tricks. All the princesses of the Austrian reigning family are good swimmers. Our own Queen and all her daughters learnt to swim, and the Princess of Wales, her three daughters, and the Princess May are extremely fond of the watJer. The German Empress and the sisters of the Emperor are fine swimmers, and so is the Queen-Regent 1 of Spain, who excels in all manner of feats in the water. A man named Maire. an enameller. who had appealed against a sentence of two years' imprisonment passed on hi in for cutting off children's ears, was tried again in Paris. He had nothing less than a mania for depriving children of their ears. His "way of proceeding was if he saw a boy in a lonely place, to go up to him and say. "What's the matter with your ear? It's bleeding. Just let me see It." Then taking hold of the ear he cut as much of it off as he could with a razor that he carried in his coat sleeve. Sometimes he amputated only the lobe, but he was able to carry off six ears from as many different heads. He operated in the broad daylight. The tribunal added three years to the original sentence. Mnire expressed astonishment at the judge's severity. A new calling has been brought into existence by ghosts and Mahatmas— chiefly the former—as the latter always fight among themselves, and initiate the public into their mysteries by family quarrels. With reference to the story of the haunted house at Peterborough, a gentleman who calls himself "A Haunted House Expert," expresses liis readiness to clear that particular building, or any other, of all the spirits which may be therein quicker than lightning. He says lie has been honored with the patronage of the nobility and gentry of various countries, and has been successful in extirpating some of the oldest ghosts in the kingdom. A "ghost-killer" must be quite a charming and pleasant occupation. Some details are to hand of the wedding of Khama, the bare fact of which was announced some time ago. The ceremony was performed at Palapye by Mr Willoughby, the missionary who came to England with him. The Chief had gained sufficient insight into the ways of his country to know how a function of this character should be carried cut. He appeared at the altar dressed in a frock coat and light trousers and a white tie; while his bride, a young woman of about twenty, wore a white satin, with a tulle veil and orange blossoms. Afterwards the guests met at the house of the missionary, where the occasion was becomingly celebrated, the chief attraction being a great weddin cake. The wedding ceremony took place at the abnormally early hour of nine o'clock. T-hfe cycling mania at Berlin has just reache'd the schorcher stage, and complaints are" made on every side to the paternal government to stop,, oh stop! thte cyclists in their Triad course.-- Only few "radler" have reached the emiiierit position wher^inj'lO'r their "beautifully slow'.*-riding, they , are praised by one and all'; and held up as examples in the: newspapers. . As to lady cyclists in Germany,' the South; is, as usual, far ahead of the North, and, while at Frankfort, Munchen, and all' the other large towns in the South, tlie woman-cyclist is* in no way molested by having an undue amoimt of public attention paid to her^ she is still the laughing-stock of BerlinV and very far from attaining to the eminence of the British St. Bicycilia, But then; what c^m. be expected in town like, Berlin, where no woman is allowed to ride on the top of an omni bus? ' '' "Pearson's Magazine^' for-June -(London), lias a lively, article ;ori Budyard Kipling's journalistic life'in India. It is by Mr E. Kay Robinson, who was Kipling's editor on the "Civil and Military .Gazette." . published, at Lahore. The now celebrated author worked for years, at proof readjng. scissors and "paste work, and the 'boiling down of Government Blue Books into summaries for publication. When he bca.-iu.to astonish people by his .cleverness lie was urged to,.leave India and try Fleet street. His reply always was (that the "Gazette" had taken, liim on trust—a boy fresh from school—and that he would serve it loyally, like Jacob in the Bible, for liis full seven years. He made friends among all kinds of natives, and many of tlieni looked uppn.Jiim as a very superior sort of Shliib. His perception was keen, as it is still, remarkably quick. His mind photographed, as it were, passing evenls that could any . future utility .for reference or allusion. . . That lively city. Camden, in New .Tersevi TT.S.Ai.'lias been-tre.ited to the cycliW "seoi'ohiui evil" to snob an extent recently that, hf a special meeting of the. Citv Council, an ordinance was passed proiiibitinir' riding in the streets at a. greater speed than eisrht miles art hour, and compelling all owners of wheels to carry lighted lamps and alarm bells that can be: heard 1C0 yards distant. ; •; ' . ' 