On the Stockyard Fence. The Storjr of Main Crawshaw. Steve Webster's Hat and Other Matters i. (By a J. B.) OME considerable time be fore the rabbits discovered and began to colonise Aus tralia a number of celebri ties were in the habit of assembling on the heights of Parnassus -to exchange jokes and weather predic tions, to talk about the crops, and play euchre. We had our own Parnassus. It was the stockyard fence. We used to roost there on Sunday - afternoons, v and, undeterred by tlie » awful example of Anan ias, swop anecdotes wimch bad been garnered with care from the four \- corners of this co-ntinenit Wihen I say 'we' I mean. ncvdce and a listener in those days. The cultiva tion of my moustache (had net yet commenced to cause me grave concern. I could even sleep soundly at night, undeterred by haunfoing fore bodings tihat I was doomed to wear a pug nose instead of a classic Roman one. These be tiae sc;rav-vra of maturer years. It was a. select company, that of the Knights of the Stockyard Fence. Every man had earned dastinctian dn some way. 'Black' Jack Ryan was a horsebreaker. He had broken more horses than any other man w tine district. He had also brok en &is; nose, ibis collarbone, his left arm, and other sections of his osteal structure. He would have been a perfect treat to an 'opaque' 'photo- grapher. 'Bogan. -Billy' bad 'been away.' At this lapse of time it ?wou3d be unfair to enter too closely into detail. The going away of 'Bogan iBiaay' had something to do with the going away of a horse. Tie (horse went off through Burra gorang witia a miscellaneous mob a/bout the be ginning of 1869. . Horees were always - straying in those days. Since the extension of the wire fence and the telegraph horses in New South Wales have acquired more settled habits. Civili sation has sort of changed tihedr natures, I sup pose. Tbere was Joe Steele; lie could spit stuaighter and further than any man on the fence Ned Hawkins was second-cousin to a cele brated gentleman of the bush, whose last appear ance in public was made with some ceremony dn company with the sheriff and another promi nent official. All the boys looked up to Ned. He trepired the respect, which is generally accorded to people who have distinguished relations. In spite of his illustrious cousinship, however, he was a quiet, modest fellow; never gave himself any aiirs, never -put on side. Ttris was all the more singular, too, in a man whose second cousin had helped to make Australian history and pro mote the hemp industry. But the greatest char acter in that company was old Steve Webster. They called him 'Web' for short. He had seen life, had 'Web'— been a teamster on the main roads, been boss of his own bullock-dray, been stuck up by Morgan! There was reputation for you; there was a man worth knowing. Every body knew the story by heart, but whenever Steve started to tell it every man and boy ?would spit out the straw lie was cbewing, softly shuffle him self into a mo-re restful part of the rail, and ?listen. It was good -bo hear the hero of that adventure declaim with tine emphasis in the right place — 'Black Morgan shoves the 'barrel of bis pepper oox under me nose. ' 'Now then, Morgan,' sez I, 'you wouldn't take a chap's life what never did you no harm,' sez I. 'My oath, boys, wasn't I shairin' in me boots all the time. ' 'I'd take yer ? life as quick as I'd kill a caterpillar,' sez he. 'Hand over that watch, Steve Webster,' sez he, 'or I'll blow 'arf yer bioomin' ?'ead^ over ^e back of the dray,' sez he. ? ' 'l/ook 'ere, Morgan,* sez I, 'you can have me life, but you won't get me watch, ooless you take it from mo bleedin' corpse,' sez I. 'This 'ere watch -was give me by a pertickular .friend,' sez I, 'and I ain't goin' to part with it for anyitfaink or anybody,' sez I. ' 'Well, you are a cool *un, Steve Webster,' sez he, with an ugly grin on his face; and with ttbat he puts ibis shooter onto his belt en' rides off. 'An' that's the -way, boys, I bounced Morgan the (Bushranger, the most desperite and deter mined man *hat ever rode west o' the Blue Moun tains.' Nobody on «he fence ever questioned tbhis little incident about Morgan and the watch. In a com pany wiaere ipersonal anecdotes were general it would not have been etiquette to do so. Old 'Web'1 always parted his long, straight, black hair in the middle, and anointed it -wi£b. salad oil. All the time I knew him he never had'ibut one that, a soft felt with a crape fcand. Who he mourned for no one knew, but iQiey must have been dead many years. The hat had absorbed some gallons of salad oil. One day a spark from Ned Hawkins's pipe fell on the rim. Web -was right in the middle of his story aibout Morgan at the time. ' 'This 'ere wateh was gtvemebya'pertiekular friend,' sez I, 'and I ain' ? Holy jumping snakes, boys, help! Fire! I'm alight! It's spomtanious comlbusti'n, 'like the woman at Tunnrt. It's all up, all up. Oh Lord! ? ' By the time we extinguished Web bis halt was ashes, and he looked more like a singed 'possum about the -head than anything else. , Next Sunday afternoon he rolled up with ano tber liat, and a new band aroxmd it. Tfae pre sumption was that he aad gone Into mourning again for his cremated property. We asked him to tell us about fhe woman at Tumut. t 'That was old Missus Crawshaw, '/began 'Web,' cutting Ms tobacco. 'I was only a bit of a kid zneseJf at the -iame, but I o&ea; Jieerd on it arter 'Wards. I kin Just remember seein' old Mammy Crawshaw; weighed atoout eighteen or twenty stone, with a big, red, fat face, all spiderwebbed with -bhie veins — funniest-looking ole woman you ever see; got so heavy at- last she couldn't only jest waddle. Wihen she wanted to come into town they load to -hist iher into -the bullick-dray with a der rick. ? 'Welil, ole Mam was terrible fond of the booze. She dTank, an' drank, an' drank. You see, she kep a grog shanty beside the main road, an' wihen (there wasn't any customers Mam uster have the rum keg for company; an' she was mighty fond of that sorter good society, I bet you. Anyhow, one day. Mammy sends up a order for a. 50-gai2on keg. After the likker got ihome it kem onter rain. It rained for a whole week, an' there ? wasn't no teams comin' through, and' no traffic on the road. The only customer Mammy got for eight or ten days was herself. - 'One night Jimmy Winkers (got killed on the Tooran arterwards) comas ploughin' along through the mud, an' pulls, up at Mother Crawshaw's shanty. The door was swingLa' wide open, an' die walks in. Fust thing Jimmy noticed was a funny smell, same as if someone had been fryin' beef-stake in brandy. Jimmy shouts out for the ole woman two or. -three times, an' gets no an swer. Tihen he starts poMn' round the place to see -where She'd got to. Divai a sign of Mammy could he see. ' 'Well, this is dashed queer,' see fee to Jiisselt. Sez be. 'She can't a 'gone fur, because she ain't 'aTdiy'. aible n» walk a yard,' sezee. He comes 'back inter £ae bar (slab, as it was), an' he ©pots £he 50-gallon keg. ' 'Dash me btrbtons,' sez he, '4f *he old 'un «in't goin'. to 'tend to tlier traveHin' public tins Jtravellin' puMie will *ave to 'tend to *4sself / So be gets a glass an', he takes the- spigot outer the keg, meanin' to ihave a good stdffner. Be gosh! ithere wasn't- a dash, drop in' it! 'Now Jimmy knowed tiiat keg bad only kem out ten. days More, because !be see it loaded up in town with Ms own eyes; ' an' . it struck him all of a 'eaip to find it clean gone like that. ' ?Baminit,' sez he, 'she oan't a' drunk it all,' and be, look? iround sorter scared. 'Tie stool where Granny Orawshaw- mostly uster Bit -was dn Tthe corner, &n;* Jimmy notices a Uttle gride of ashes onto at He goes over an' puts hie jband on it, TAere was a great big greasy spot on the floor r3giht underneatai ;4ihe stooL ' 'By' *«he :hiply snakes!' sez Jimmy, reachin' tor 42*8 -. door, ' 'ii I don't' believe' the oJe gal's gone an' burnt herself dead aiive!' 'Wath that he gets on toss ihoise, «n' he never pulls nip toll be Btmkes the fust jmWic-'ouse in town. 'I hear 'em «ay arterwards that. lie was as white as a tombstone, .an' his teeth was shatter in' like a man in & fit. They give him. three tumblers of grog before (he could speak. 'When ihe txAA 'em what be see (an* smelt) they thought he had the honors. '?Anyh&yr; Jimmy stuck to 'his yarn — swore the ibarrel was empty, an' the oile -woman wasn't there— leastwise, aotMak of 9ier to speak of— an' went an* told 4£e police.' They sent a trooper out W5xt morato', an' he comes gaUogrin' back jest afore dinner «sd tens ihe sergeant he can't find aiofrfrftnft of old Mam excejpt It m3gbt lie a 43g grease-spot on the floor an' about as much ashes as *ud fit comfortable in e WJIycaa. ?'The police an* Ihe doctor an4 a JT.P. goes out ?ua? toolds p% 4Mui|y -on. as much of Mammy Crawshaw as -3»y~eouia ©crape up with a table Knife outer the Aoor, suppeleminted b'y them there) ashes Jimmy had found aittin' on the old woman's 6tool. 'The doctor ihe dissected the remains, an' he gev a verdick of 3iow diseased met her death rsvifch spoutaJi-i-ous oombustin (some as I thought I tad wfhen me head took fire last Sunday), an' they sends for Tom Pounds, what 'had the car penterin' an' undertakin' and butcherin' ?business there in them, days, . to come an' bury ole M^m Tom, he never heard of ,'span-tan-a-oius cumbTistin in his blessed life, an' he brings his tools. The doctor an' the sergeant ' was in the room 'wtiien Tom comes to the door with his tape in his hand. ' ^Where's the ale woman, sir?' says Tom, soft and reverent like. 'It was a. very windy sorter day, an' the doctor shouts ; oarfc: .^ ' 'Shut *aie door atter you, you paralysed idiot, or you'll have her folowin' all over the country!* 'But he was just about a second too late. Tom turned to shut the door, an' as he did a puff of wind come in an' blew poor Granny Orawsihaiw dean up ifihe chimbley. 'Of course, iihey couldn't give the ole woman djjisMan burial, 'because there wasn't no remains . left to make a decent funeral outer. 'Tom Pounds, ihe always was a hard mall, an* Ihe did send in a bill to 'the sergeant for pert es- sional 'tendance; but I don't ibeJieve they ever paid it, because I've heard Tom say meself that ole iMa.mimy Cmwstiaw cheated the undertaker!' II. THE FREEMASONING OF M'KBAKEN. This is tilie story of M'Kraken. ' Black JacK Hyatt told it to us on the stockyard fence be tween two pipes of the strongest tobacco I have yet smelt. The strength of the narrator's pipe was equalled only by ttfie strength of hiS adjec tives. We will keep to windward of both. Read ers of this' paper ihave done nothing that .tihey should be rwitaiered. I M'Kraken came to Grogaore Station the green est Jackeroo itibat ever a beneficent Providence j sent -west to enliven Vhe monotony of the bush. I The coach dropped ttie new han-1 at tine door ol the Rising Sun with all his worldly goods fin a plaid (handkerchief. , Seotty M'Bean, who owned Grogacre, was wait ing for Siim. 'Yer ihe mon?' asked Seottiie. 'I be,' replied M'Kraken. 'Te'il tak a wee draippie wihusky am' then we'll Ibe joggin',' observed Seotty. 'I'm feart ye ken naething ajboot 4Jhe country frae the luk o' ye. I'm (feairt ye'll be a deal o' trottDfe to me. Te've got. a scart iuk aiboot ye. Has o-wt fritent ye?' M'Kraken said they had told him tales aboort the native bears and the bushrangers. He bad it on good authority tihat the bushrangeirs were I on a perennial scalp hunt in that locality, and I that tihie boss bushranger 4iad sworn to have the J jhair of tlhe first stranger for the decoration, of I ids wiigwam. I 'It's a domned guid job,' observed Seotty to I the lady of the hostelry, presently, 'that he's I a cheap mon, for he's the domndest fule creature I I've set eye on this mony a day.' Whereat he I -bade M'Kraken mount horse, and bore him off I irto the outer wilderness. I The education of M'Kraken proceeded rapidJy. J The whole district took a deep and abiding in- I *j»T'j-a+ In 1+ T-^iTin.lia ivtria Tnrt1p« c-gtMTn +hpnr horses I across flooded rivers, waded through swamps, and climbed mountains to give him lessons an'd tell (him things. 'Before he was at Grogacre three .veeks M'Kraken had seen no less than four ghosts, been chased all over an 800-acre paddock by a 'warlock,' emptied a nest of live 'gohan- ?nas' out of his boots; found a dead snake in his toed, and had other hairbreadth escapes. He had acquired a fearful — wonderful amount of biish craft. Strange bearded men whose language was ornate, picturesque, and forceful, had poured tales of Wood, slaughter, and desolation into Ms ears. Strong, muscular women professing sisterly affec -tion for - -one so tender and inexperienced had warned him of wild animals and cannibals with atrocious appetites till in ais eye was seen the bunted and expectant look of those who live in places wihere life is at best uncertain and inse cure. One day a benevolentilv-dispo-sed elderly selec tor wailked a mile and a half to tell him of the one sovereign resort which would be left Mm it he should be kidnapped by savages on the Australian Main. 'Iflok a' (here, Jim,' said 'tine philanthropist, when he had worked the 'new man' up to the right pitch, 'if them gory Oonoondoolamoii black fellers does go on the warpath and sticks up the homestead, I'd advise you to give 'em the Free reasons' sign. It's a peculiar thing, now, itow aal these yere Ostralian blackfellers is Freemasons. Now -when one an' Joe Summer — you knO'W Mm, oove tihat drives the coach — 'was with Burke and Wills's expiorin' expedition, an' was took pri soners by ihe -Macks- in Central Queensland, wed ali been killed, dead sure, an' roasted an' eaten, 'of Joe hadn't been a Freemason. Joe, 'e gevthe sign, and that saved us. HUuckfeHers had all the signs up *o Beppity Colonel of the Gran' LiOdge; treated us most 'orepiteuWe, they did, wihen ttey lEound out -what m -was. S'pose, now, you ain t a Freemason, Jim?' 'Eh mon, I'm no that,' replied M'Kraken, bwt I'm iwdlMn', I'm vera ?willin,' to be if ye tihdnk at iwud save ma life on occasion noo.' 'Well I believe it would go a long ways, said the aged stranger, with a face as serious as a ?bishop's- ''specially if you was lost in the bush. 'I suppose ye dinna ken if I cud be made a Freemason?' queried the verdant importation, 'Easiest tihing in the world. If you like I'll come up to -the hut to-morrow night an' make you one meself.' . . .. . M'Kraken -wrung tois benefactor's Iband tinaiiK fully and the latter arranged, out of pure good ness of heart, and because he had a great paty for ihis young friend, to come and make a Free iQjason of him toe following evening, in an un official way. _ . .. Then he borrowed a fig of tobacco from tt« exile, and lifted his drooping spirits wita the cheerful story of 'Fisher's Ghost.' . . ?M'Kraken (went aibout Ibis duties next day ma preoccupied frame of tmSnd. He was jnwardOT considering whether it would not toe better to make one courageous bolt back to home ana , friends than chance leaving ibis bleached bones | on a -foreign strand to afford a Toosting-place for , crows. He pictured to himself the JnmgTy djngo | pick-ing his bones and making loose iests atooui i it to Ihis friends afterwards. In Ms mind's eye ihe saw fcimself Snugged to death by old men kangaroos, or entombed within the nearest trite ? of wandering cannibals. These sepulchral ideas were ra^dly gaining possession of MKraken. Life toad become a iburden and a care to omn. He thought of his mother and -wept. Then again ne ?OMHiglit of the hope held out to ihim by the kind ly stranger that at -least be mig&t; evade the can- j nibaSs by claiming a mysterious brotherhood wain I them, and it kind of comforted Sim. He had a I very imperfect id«a of what Freemasonry niagM I toe, but his friend toad held it out to him as a I (possible shield and buckler against probable dan- I ger, and— we'll, drowning men ?will grasp at a I Tine rising -moon was making silver J^pes I tiirough 1flie shadows of *he trees when MKra- i ken's elderly friend rode down to the hut I If the Jackeroo had not been too disturbed ana I excited for such observations tie would have I noticed the shadowy outlines of other foorsemea I down by the [homestead fence. He would nave I seen tfoese strangers dismount and foMow quietir i after 1she alleged Freemason who had been «jfl I Burke and Wills! He owuld have noticed also I -tbat the slip-rails' were Jeft down. I The initiator dismounted and greeted M Kraten I with a grave and fatherly air; tenderly inquired I after bis health, and passed into the hut, leaving I the door open, after 'tying lus horse to a post jp51 I outside. He brought w*fih him something whicB ? M'Kraken -might ihave noticed was one of Seotty i M-Bean's branding-irons, and toe quietly put tne I 'R over B' end Sn tie fire, where tine novice s I supper was simmering. „ I 'Now, Jim,' said the pseudo 'Past Master, I to a hollow tone of voice, 'I've come to make a I Freemason of you. It's a pretty difficult job, tms ? 'ere Freemasonin, a -man, 'specially a man that - ? as techey and narvous like as yerself ? ' I It seemed to M'Kraken as if somebody outside I was trying to keep from laughing. I 'Oh that's the old 'oss, Jim,' continued toe u Past Master, with a dry cough. 'Don't take no ? notice of him; jest attend to me. I've got ter I anake a Freemason of you Ton Jest do whatever ? I teU you, an' I'll have you fixed up so's you 1 can eilww the sign any time them blackfellew ? asks you to do it. It's a most useful tilling, iira _ ? (here he glanced at *he fire) 'to be a Freemason. ? as I told yer last night, it mngiht just save yer me- ? Now, Jim, you've gwt ter strip! Take 'em i all on. ? so5ny, all yer clothes oft; it's one of tne( iuw ? rules. That's (right, me boy— trousers «cn *'? 1 Now stand ihere, right in the middle of the floor, | till I draw a ohalk-line (round you.* Tiate too m second rule, Jim. Are you ready?' ., 1 Jim, standing in a state of nature in the ma- m file ol the floor, signified that hfe was. I ?'Chen Til put the sign on you. Turn yer ek» ? to the wiaM.' . . ... I M'Kraken turned his tface'to the wall, and ms ? benefactor took the brand from the fire. , I 'WtoirranMir-'un-'aieree t WMrramur-udgee ; ? Baatom's Ass!' he shouted, clapping 'B oretv m red hot on to poor M'Kraken, wko responded wi'» ? a yeU of pain and a frantic jump.. ' , ? ?Unease -vras-A ^hout «4 ribald laughter outsiae, ? and before M'Kraken had, soto speak, reaJisea ? hfe -delicate position, ?he 'Past Master' had boiwo ? through tine open door, mounted bis hor5*.,,8^ ? SnconUnentlj left his newiy-inade 'brother w ? heal. '. : B. J- »? ? The Chancellor of the Exchequer will eb0?a* I net «50,000 out of- the personalty of the 1*» ? Baron Hirsch in England. ? 