SHAKESPEARE'S DEATH SCENES, (By " R.") Besides the fine series of human portraits taken in each of the seven eventful ages, our great master has bestowed some of his finest touches in describing the dying moments of those characters to whom he has given a lasting immortality. The closing scenes are all in perfect unison with the life already lived. One follows, as a natural sequence of the other, and as they live so they die. I shall at once pick out some half-dozen or so of those with which I am most familiar to illustrate this. The death (by her own hand) of the proud, illustrious and beautiful Cleo patra, as sketched by the great drama tic artist, is in complete harmony with the rest of the play. 1 assume my readers are aware that the mighty Roman ruler in 'Antony and Cleopatra' loved the superb Egyptian Queen with a passionate and royal devotion, while this was fully reciprocated, although,. even in their case, the course of true love dil not run smooth. Antony was now no more, and the victorious Cassar was on the point of taking the other into captivity to the Eternal City. To shun such disgrace she applied the fang of an asp to her bosom, having first thus addressed her favorite Charmian : " Go fetch My best attires. I am again for Cydnus To meet Mark Antony." When the same are brought, she adds: " Give me my robe, put on my crown; I have immortal longings in me." " Methinks'I hear Antony call, Isee him rouse himself To praise my noble act." "Husband, I come; ' Now to that name my courage prove my title 1 I am fire and air, my other elements I give to baser life." Placing the asp to her bosom she exclaims : "Peace, peace l Dost thou not see my baby at my breast That sucks the nurse asleep ?" Her death was quite painless, and one who entered immediataly after said in words that seem to have anti cipated the enquiry of a friend of our own city coroner's :- " Her physician tells me she hath pursued conclusions infinite of easy ways to die." The tragic life of ' Lear' comes to an end with the death of his favorite daughter, Cordelia. In the hands of hcr enemies, she is condemned to be hanged, but the maniac parent rushes to the rescue, kills the executioner. and bears away the body to his friends. Over her he pronounces the fine vale diction : " Her voice was ever soft, Gentle and low, an excellent thing in woman." His heart, which had outlived his reason, now broke, and he fell by her side apparently dead. One near at tempted to revive him, calling out: "Look up, my lord i" but Kent, with truer benevolence, checked the othsr thus: " Vex not his ghost : 0 let him pass I he hates him much that would upon the rack of this tough world stretch him out longer." ' Macbeth' is a tale of savage crimes, the work of the heartless usurper and his fiend-like wife. As the news comes in that, despite the immunity pro mised by his witch-friends, he must prepare for the last death struggle, he thus pronounces : " I am sick at heart. I have lived long enough : my way of life is fallen into the sere, the yellow leaf ; and that which should ac company old age, as honor, love, obedience, troops of friends, I must not look to have ; but, in their stead, curses not loud, but deep:" His rival's sword is not long in doing its bloody work. 'Hamlet' is full of the death philo sophy. I shall content myself here with a reference to the self-sought end of the fair Ophelia, which is thus described : "There is a willow grows aslait a brook, That shows his hoar leaves in the glassy stream, There with fantastic garlands did she come Of crow-flowers, nettles, daisies and long purples That liberal shepherds give a grosser name, But our cold maids do dead men's fingers call them; There, on the pendant boughs, her coronet weeds Clambering to hang, an envious silver broke, When down her weedy trophies and herself Fell in the weeping brook ; Her clothes spread wide, And, mermaid-like awhile they bore her up; Which time she chanted snatches of old times; As one incapable of her own distress, Or like a creature native and inclined Unto that element : but long it could not be Till that her garments, heavy with their drink, Pulled the poor wretch from her melo? dious lay To muddy death." The simulation of death is a favorite device of Shakespeare. Thus the falsely accused Hero in ' Much Ado About Nothing' is supposed to be dead until time has cleared away the mystery, so that she is restored to her lover and all uends well. The lovely heroine in ' Romeo and Juliet' is laid in a tomb with the hfe only suspended by the effects of a drug, in order that her faithful lover may be restored to her, when the Oleverly-laid scheme is frustrated, and the two follow each other into an early grave. Hermione In the 'Winter's Tale,' disappears as if dead, and long after is again revealed to her once jealous hus band and their exquisite daughter, Perdita. Replying recently to a Temporance de putation which protested against wine bonuses. the Minister of Agriculture said that a population of abonr 15,000 were mnterested in the wine industry. The employment, he argued, was most healthy, and the people were using the gifts of God to the best advantage. Several deputatmonists interrupted the Minister here by crying, "Shame! shame I" At a recent American wedding the **Wedding March" was whistled by twelve girl.friends of the bride, 