SAYINGS AND DOINGS Keeping the Decalogue. A Partes Anecdote. ' A Forecast of Photography — The Kaiser's Family Ghost. ' ' i ' " Crescent," the little "Record of Islam," an organ which has been estab lished with the aim of assisting to con vert England to Mohammedanism, tells sometimes funny stpries. Here Is one: — "A Baptist clergyman .in Liverpool, who is about to pay- a visit to the Holy Land (Christian), was making a great brag about his intended' journey to a member of the Liverpool Muslim Insti- tute. 'When I get there,' the parson said, In his best pulpit tone, 'I will stand where Moses stood, and read the Ten Commandments from the top- of Mount Sinai." 'You had better stay at home and keep them,' was the Muslim's laco nic reply." . Someone has unearthed. an old French book, of which an English translation was published In 1761, ' entitled ' "Gip- ' hantia," in which occurs a curious forecast of photography, says the 1 "Amateur Photographer." The - author relates that travelling through the de sert he came to a town, Giphantia, peopled by spirits. While he - is being "personally conducted" over the place he finds before him what he thinks to be .the ocean; is is explained to him "that vast horizon, those thick clouds, that raging sea, are all but a picture. ' Thou knowest that the rays of light reflected from different bodies make a .picture on -all polished surfaces— for in stance, on water or glass. The spirits have studied to fix these transient pic tures; they have composed a most subtle matter, very viscous, and proper to harden and dry, by the help of which the picture Is made In the twinkle of an eye. They do over with this matter a piece of canvas, and held it before the objects they/have in/mind to paint— the impression Of the images is made tho first instant they are received on the canvas, It is immediately carried away into some dark place, an hour after, tho subtle matter dries, and you have a picture so much the more valuable as it cannot be imitated by art or damag ed. by fire." It's a curious forecast. The statement in a recent issue of the "Dally Chronicle" concerning the late Sir Henry Parlces and his visits to this country as an emigration lecturer (writes a correspondent of our contem porary) brings to mind an incident which occurred during one of his lec tures in Birmingham. Sir Henry had almost finished delivering his usual en thusiastic address on the- immense ad vantages which worklngmen enjoyed In New South Wales, when, during a slight pause, a man stood up in the hall and shouted, "Don't believe him, mates. It's all gammon. Mr. Parkes gets paid £1000 a year for- spinning these yarns." A great uproar at once ensued, most of the audience agreeing with the state ment, but, when silence had been, ob tained, the lecturer said firmly, "It's a lie, and you ought to know It." Imme diately another hubbub occurred, and many men shouted that the first remark was quite true. "Perhaps," said the chairman, when quietness had once more been secured, "Mr. Parkes will ex plain." With a characteristic twinkle in his eye, the lecturer slowly rose, and said, "I am sorry to contradict my friends over there on a statement of fact. It is a lie that I am paid £1000 a , year for lecturing — I, get £1200 1" The historical ghost of the Hohen- zollerns( I the White Lady) has again made her appearance in the Royal Palace in Berlin, much to the con sternation and uneasiness of its inhabi tants. Her last appearance was in 1872, just before Prince Waldemar's fatal fall from the Palace window, although it Is reported that she, Countess Anna von Blammede, walked just prior to the deaths of the Emperors William I. and Frederic the Noble. She has now appeared to one of the Court Chamber lains, who solemnly declares that ne saw her in the long corridor,, clothed In (lowing white robeB, and wearing a magnificent jewelled girdle, upon which she rested one hand, the other being raised as If in warning, while her face wore an expression of severity and menace. Her Insignia of office has hitherto been a bunch of keys, but this time Bhe was empty-handed. The Chamberlain, greatly alarmed, soon spread the- news, thereby upsetting the whole palace. The Emperor, however, hoard the story with the utmost un- ooncorn. lie gave orders that an extra guard should be stationed In tho grounds' about the palace, and authoris ed the servants to seize any intruder white lady or otherwise, who might be found prowling about. "These short bicycle skirts are cer tainly a great leveller," -said a man as he looked out of tho.tramcar window at a passing wheelwoman. "Especially Cor a somewhat near-sighted man," lie Irrelevantly added. Then he sighed as If at some passing recollection, and presently continued: - "Early last even ing I was walking near my home .when a wheelwoman just aheud of me at tracted my attention; . She was trim und neat, and dressed in excellent taste. I-Ier grey skirt just reached where her boot tops would ordinarily have been. She wore very high and nicely rounded tan shoes, however, and her feet and ankles looked decidedly trim qnd shapely. She wasn't riding, but had her wheel on the edge of the kerb, push ing It along. The vision was bucIi a charming one, from tho Tarn o'Shanter hat to the very boot heels,, that I lin gered a little. Then' I braced up and hurried past. Just as I did so a fa miliar voice called, 'Why, George, Is that you? Didn't you" know me?' 'Why, no, -I didn't, honestly, '.I replied, and felt like rubbing my eyes. 'That's awfully good,' said the trim wheelwoman, with a merry laugh. 'I was just going over to show Nellie my new. wheel and new suit.' What do you think? It was my. mother- in'-law,' aged 67"' The following is from thS Cork "Ex aminer." A reporter was hunting around the steamer to interview Mr. Chamberlain. At length the scribe found the state-room. A tap brought Mrs. Chamberlain to the door, or, at least, Mrs. Chamberlain's face, for It was evident that toilette operations were not yet complete. She was hand ed a copy of the "Examiner" contain ing a paragraph which alluded to a rumour that Mr. Chamberlain being not all that he should be as. Colonial Secretary was about to .take a more congenial position In the Cabinet. Would the lady ask Mr. Chamberlain If that paragraph was accurate? There was a wait of two or three minutes, and then the door of "Q" room , was again , slightly opened, so that Mrs. Chamber lain might say that Mi'. Chamberlain had "nothing to communicate to the Press." But would Mr. Chamberlain say that the report was true or false. A voice was heard within— it was Jo seph's—and Mrs. Chamberlain, inter preting, repeated her former message. Judging from the experiences of a visi tor who accidentally stumbled into Q room about this time, Mr. F. C. Gould, the -gifted cartoonist of the "Westmins ter Gazette," should have beep on board the Teutonic — for the Colonial Secre tary was discovered sitting up in bed, with his breakfast on a tray placed on his knees, showing how human a man who wears an eyeglass and an orcmu may be. . . 