Religious Healing by the Stripes of Jesus. By the Late C. H. Spurgeon. "With His stripes we are healed."— Isaiah liii. 5. God, in infinite mercy, here treats sin as a disease. "With His stripes"— that is, the stripes of the Lord Jesus— "we are healed." If He were to treat it at once as sin, and summon us to His bar to answer for it, we should at once sink beyond the reach of hope, for we could not answer His accusations, nor defend ourselves from Hlb justice. In great mercy He looks upon us with pity, and for the while treats our ill manners as If they were diseases to be cured, rather than rebel lions to be punished. Sin is a spiritual malady of the worst kind. This disease Is fatal. Is It not written, " The soul that Binneth, it shall die" ? " Sin. when it is finished, bringeth forth death." There is no hope of eternal life for any man unless sin be put away. ■Rut (1.) Ood here declares the remedy prhtch ;He has provided : " With His stripes we are healed." I aßk you very solemnly to accompany me in your meditations, for a few minutes, while I bring: before you the stripes of the Lord Jesus. The word " stripes" is used to set forth His suffer ings, both of body and of soul. The whole of Christ was made a sacrifice for us : His whole manhood suffered. As to His body, It shared with His mind in a grief that never can be described. In the beginning of His passion, when He emphatically suffered instead of us, He was in an agony, and from His bodily frame a bloody sweat distilled so co piously as to fall to the ground. Ere He could cleanse His face from this dreadful crimson, they hurried Him tn the high-priest's hall. There our Saviour was called upon to endure the fierce pain of the Roman scourge, and this not as the finis of His punish ment, but as a preliminary to crucifixion. To this they added buffeting, and pluck ing of the hair ; they spared Him no form of pain. In all His faintness, through bleeding and fasting, they made Him carry His crosa until another was forced by the forethought of their cruelty to bear It, lest their victim should die on the road. They stripped Him, and threw Him down, and nailed Him to the wood. They pierced His hands and His feet. All the while His enemies stood around, pointing at Him In scorn, thrusting out their tongue 3 In mockery, jest'ng at His prayers, and gloating over His suffer ings. He cried, ° I thirst," and then they gave Him vinegar mingled with gall. After a while He said, " It is finished.' 1 He had endured the utmost of appointed grief, and had made full vindication to divine justice : then, and not till then, He gave up the ghost. But His soul - sufferings, which were the soul of His sufferings, who can even conceive, much less express, what they were ? He sweat great drops of blood. That was His heart driving out its life-floods to the surface through the terrible depression of spirit which was upon Him. He said, "My soul Is exceeding sorrowful, even unto death." The betrayal by Judas, and the desertion of the twelve grieved our Lord; but the weight of our sin was the real pressure on His heart. Our guilt was the olive-press which forced from Him the moisture of His life. No language can ever tell His agony in prospect of His passion ; how little then can we con ceive the passion itself ? When nailed to the cross He endured what no martyr ever suffered ; for martyrs, when they have died, have been so sustained of God that they have rejoiced amid their pain ; but our Redeemer was forsaken of His Father, until He cried, " My God, my God. why hast Thou forsaken Me ?" That was the bitterest cry of all, the ut most depth of His unfathomable grief. Yet was It needful that He should be deserted, because God must turn HJh back on sin, and consequently upon Him who was made sin for us. The soul of the great Substitute suffered a horror of misery, instead of that horror of hell into which sinners would have been plunged had He not taken their sin upon Himself and been made a curse for them Tt Is written, •• Cursed is every one that rangeth on a tree" ; but who knows what lhat curse means ? The remedy for your sins and mine is round In the substltutlonary sufferings of the Lord Jesus, and In these only. Theße M stripes" of the Lord Jesus Christ were on our behalf. Do you inquire, "Is there anything for us to do, to remove the guilt of stn ?" 1 answer: There is nothing whatever for you to do. By the stripes of Jesus we are healed. All those stripes He has endured, and left not one of them for us to bear. " But must we not believe on Him '" Ay, certainly. If I sa y of a certain oint ment that It heals, I do not deny that you need a bandage with which to apply h.o!L tJVl WOU, nd; Falth is the llnen which binds the plaster of Christ's reconellia n^" i«.i ffT* °. f °Ur Bln- The llnen d«es «*„? 16 work of the ment. So faith does not heal ; that Is the work of the atonement of Christ m ? g ° f e'an inquirer reply, " But surely I ft w 9»° T Bomethln ff. or suffer some thing ?" I answer : You must put no thing with Jesus Christ, or you greatly dishonour Him. In order to your sa?v£ JeZu/clrTJ*^ 7 UR° n the wounJs *f Jesus Christ, and nothing else for the text does not say, "His stripes help to KedT but>"Wlth Hls strlpeB we *» " But we must repent." cries *nnth*» Assuredly we must? and shS for re Pentance is the first sign of healing but the stripes of Jesus heal us, and not our to^nV^;, Thel a ■«*»» when appneS hofJ? i he wrtf work re Pentance in us ; we hate sin because it made Jesus suffer. O my hearer, wilt thou have Jesus ? h nrlBt l O, b* thy if so S2S .V r e- ; Him is not condemned." Thus »with His stripes we are healed." zxrfc »"&&>%•*& Jesus rLl*" Preach up thls fal*n m Jesus Christ as saving men, they will be careless about holy livSg " lam as body ViT' °n that »olnt " •"" of men LL" Ye 6Very day ln the ™[<**t of Jes U « j£ fh" 6. trustln« to the stripes seen nr, m J h€ r.Salvatlon- and I have tS ?h !1 ? ffvf Ct followl n* fom such a rus; bJft * haye seen the very reverse. »v S character is healed. I have sen the drunkard become sober, the harlot SSn.SS'^ the Pa««ionate man be- HbeVal* »n^' *Ke «oveto"s man become ■ImnShti 4li? llar become truthful, JeTus tru»"n* in the sufferings of Sinhor, C,-!! Bs ie?,f e Is healed of its "mart. Sin crushed the man's soul ; he was believed* «V osrl6 "' but the moment™ Oflpn £ " JeSUS he lea P«d Jnt° ««ht. ?" enJ v. can «?e a change in the very frn™ f^ the man * faCe •' the CloUd fl'eS ,™ I he countenance when guilt goes from the conscience. a change of thought towards God, and £ " hf al- £ c Judgment, and by this means the affections are turned In the right way, and the heart is healed. Sin is no longer loved, but God Is loved, and H«»!LT ** P ealred' The whole man is M«nt ' rt fand c whole life changed. J*f" y ,of y°u know how light of heart troubles of life lose their weight, and the fear of death ceases to cause bond hfo 6* * U r^ Jolce ln the Lord. tor the blessed remedy of the stripes of Jesus m£ plied to your soul by falth In Htm. The fact that •• with His stripes we are healed is a matter In evidence. I shall take liberty to bear my own witness, ir It were necessary, I could call thou sands of persons, my dally acquaintances, who can say that with the stripes of Christ they are healed ; but I must not therefore withhold my personal t«ul mony; I* I had suffered from a dread ful disease, and a physician had given me a remedy which had bealad me I should not be ashamed to t«»l you all about it; but I would quote my own case as an argument with you to try my physician. Years ago, when I was .1 youth, the burden of my sin was ex coedlngly heavy upon me. Early in the morning 1 would awake, and read the most earnest religious books I could find desiring to be eased of my burden of sin. At times my misery of soul was very great. One day I heard a simple preacher of the gospel speak from the text, " Look unto Me, and be ye saved all the ends of the earth." I did look • and in that moment relief came to me and I felt such overflowing joy that I could have stood up and cried, " Halle lujah !" Many days have passed since then ; but my faith has held me up. We speak what we do know, and testify what we have seen. I want a few minutes' talk with those who have not tried this marvellous heal all. Let us come to close quarters Friend, you are by nature in need of soul- healing as much as any of us, and one reason why you do not care about the remedy Is, because you do not be lieve that you are sick. I saw a pedlar one day, as I was walking out; he was selling walking-sticks. He followed me. and offered me one of the sticks I showed him mine—a far better one than any he had to sell—and he withdrew at once. He could see that I was not likely to be a purchaser. I have ottrn thought of that when I have been preach ing. I show men the righteousness of the Lord Jesus, but they show me their own. and all hope of dealing with them la gone. Unless I can prove that their righteousness is worthless, they will not seek the righteousness which is of God by faith. Oh. that the Lord would show you your disease, and then you would desire the remedy ! Now, my dear hearers, you are at this moment either healed or not. You are either healed by grace, or you arc s«!U In your natural sickness. Will you be so kind to yourselves as to inquire which it is ? Many say, "We know what we are ;" but certain more thoughtful ones reply, "We don't quite know." Friend, you ought to know, and you should know. Suppose I asked a man, "Are you a bankrupt or not ?" and he ..'aid, " I really have no time to look at my books, and therefore I am not sure." I should suspect that he could not pay twenty shillings In the pound ; should not you ? Whenever a man Is afraid to look at his books, I suspect that he has something to be afraid of. So, when ever a person says, " I don't know my condition, and I don't care to think much about it," you may pretty safely con clude that things are wrong with him You ought to know whether you are saved or not. Suppose, for a moment, you ar not healed, let me ask the question, 'Why are you not ?" You know the gospel ; why are you not healed by Christ ? " I don't knew," says one. But, my dear friend, I beseech you do not rest until you do know. " I can't got at it," says somebody. The other day a young girl was putting a button on her father's coat. She was sitting with her back to the window and she said. " Father, I can't see ; I am In my own light." He said. "Ah, my daughter, that Is where you have been all your life !" This is the position of some of you spiritually. You are in your own light ; you think too much of yourselves. There is plenty of light in the Sun of Righteousness ; b it you get In the dark by putting self In the way of that Sun. O, dear friends, get out of your own light, and at once, " Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world !" If, dear friend, you are healed, this is my last word to you ; then get out of diseased company. Come away from the companions that have infected you with sin. Come ye out from among them, be ye separate, and touch not the unclean thing. If you are healed, praise the Healer, and acknowledge what He has done for you. There were ten lepers healed, but only one returned to praise the healing hand. Do not be among the ungrateful nine. I met this week with something that pleased me—how one man, being healed, may be the means of blessing to another. Many years ago 1 preached a sermon in Exeter Hall, which was printed, and entitled, "Salvation to the uttermost." It came into the hands of a man con victed of murder, Speaking of It after wards, he said, "In this discourse, Mr. Spurgeon referred to Palmer, who was then lying under sentence of death In Stafford Gaol, and said that if Palmer repents and seeks God's pardoning love in Christ, even he will be forgiven ! I then felt that If Palmer could be for given, so might I. I sought, and blessed be God, I found, tarn pardoned, tarn free ; i am a sinner saved by grace." Surely there is hope for every hearer and reader of this sermon, however guilty he may be ! Dr. Valpy, the author of a great many class-books, wrote the following simple lines as his confession of faith :— " In peace let me resign my breath, And Thy salvation see ; My sins deserve eternal death, But Jesus died for me." Valpy is dead and gone ; but he gave those lines to dear old Dr. Marsh, th« rector of Beckenham, who put them over his study mantel-shelf. The Earl of Roden came In, and read them. "Will you give me a copy of those lines ?" said the good earl. "I shall be glad," said Dr. Marsh, and he copied them. Lord Roden took them home, and put them over his mantel-shelf. General Taylor, a Waterloo hero, came into the room, and noticed them. He read them over and over again, while staying with Earl Roden. till his lordship remarked, "I say. friend Taylor, I should think you know those lines by heart." He an swered, "I do know them by heart; In deed, my very heart has grasped their meaning." He was brought to Christ by that humble rhyme. General Taylor handed those lines to an officer in the army, who was going out to the Crimean war. He came home to die ; and when Dr. Marsh went to see him, the poor soul In his weakness said, " Good slr.^do you know this verse which General Taylor gave to me ? It brought me to my Savious, and I die In peace." Tell it out that by the stripes of Jesus we are healed. In the opinion of Mr. Joseph Pennell, no mean authority, as expressed in his recent work on "Modern Illustration" (the " Ex-Libris Series") : — Ordinary good process work wTiloh can be printed with type is. at the present moment, equal to any fac-simile wood engraving. The more elaborate methods, such as the photogravure of Amand Durand are infinitely better. No living expert he declares, could venture off-hand to dis tinguish between a mechanically-pro duced block and one engraved on wood. The Clarendon Press announce " Re venue haws of Ptolemy Philadelphia." edited from a Greek papyrus in the Bodleian Library, with a translation commentary, and appendices by Mr. B. P. Grenfoll. and an introduction by Pro fessor Mnhnffy. The papyrus consist* of two rolls, which were obtained by Professor Flinders Petrie and Mr Gren fell respectively. It is by far the largest Greek papyrus known ; and as it to in several places dated "in the twenty seventh year" of Philadelphia, or 239-8 B.C., it is also nearly the oldest. The text volume is accompanied by a port folio containing thirteen fac-similes. The unoccupied class at the last census numbered as follows :—Retired from business (not army, navy, church, or medicine), 192,941 males and 68,496 i 2 : pensioners, 20,988 males and 2799 females ; living on own means, 97,466 males and 409,097 females 