St. Mary's Church, North Sydney. Opening of tho Transopts. Eloquent Address by His Emi nence tho Cardinal- Archbishop, j ? ? Fon many years tho Jesuit Fathors in charge of tho parish of North Sydney lmvo [ been anxious to considerably enlarge tho ] parochial church at Bidgo- stroot, the in- i creasing growth of tho po2)ulation rendor ing such a courso absohitely necessary. Tho Bov. Father Bronnan, tho local superior, as tho result of his incossant offorts, Jiacl tho satisfaction, 12 months ago, of beinir present when tho foundation stone of tho now transept was laid by His Eminence tho Cardinal- Archbishop. Tho work has since boon pushed on, and the com pleted transopts wore solemnly blessed and opened by His Eminence on Sunday last, September 27 — tho anniversary of tho foundation of the Socioty of Jesus in 1540. During rocont years tho parish lias rapidly grown, and with its growth tho Catholic community has kopt paco. At ono period a canvas tout, or ' calico church,' as dos- , cribod by His Eminence, oroctod on tho site of St. Mary's, had to do service for tho Houbo of God. At tho pro sent timo, in addition to St. Mary's, there is a chapol at MilBon's Point, and thoro are also school-churches at Lavondor Bay, Mossnian's and St. .Leonard's. The longth of tho now transopt of St. Mary's is 102ft. and tho width 28ft. Tho sitting accommodation has boon increased from 240 to GOO. Two spacious sacristies, ono for the priests and tho other for tho altar boys, havo boon completed. Tho High Altar, which is a handsome structure of wood, was oroctod by tho Children ol: Mary and tho mombors of tho Sacrod Heart Confratornity. Over tho altar is a circular stained glass window, tho gilt of Mr. Wardoll. His Eminence tho Cardinal- Archbishop, accompanied by tho Very Bev. Dr. O'Haran, arrived at tho presbytery shortly before half-past throe, and proceeded to the church, whore a guard of honour, consist ing of members of tho Hibornian Socioty and tho A.H.O. Guild, was drawn up. Amongst tho Guild olllcors present were Wardon- Gonoral McCabe, Bursar-General H. D. Williams, Secretary-General C. J. Morrissoy. Tho Hibornian ollicors prosont included Mr. Anglos (warden), Mr. Byrne (secretary), and Mr. Ebborti (bursar). Tho church was erowdod in every part, among thoso prosont being tho Very Bow Dr. O'Haran, the Very B.o\\\ Father Brounau, S.J. ; Fathers G. Buekoridgo, S.J., T. Gartian, S.,1., O'Brien, S.J., Can-oil, S.J., Byan, S.J. (Rector of St. Ignatius' College, Bivorviow), Stur/o, S..T., O'Connoll, S.J. j tho Hon. Thomas .Dalton, M.L.C.,andMis. Dalton, Dr. Donovan, Q.C.j Mr. Barry (Mayor of North Sydney) and Mrs. Barry, Mr. F. Olarko, M.L.A., Mr. Wardoll, Mr. H. Wardoll and Miss AVardoll, Mr. and Mrs. F. Punch, the Missos O'Sullivan, Mr. Synnott, Mr. Dior, Mr. Crowloy, Dr. and Mrs. Sheldon, Dr. and Mrs. Boric o, Mrs. Lontaigno, M'r. and Mrs. J. F. Hayes, Mr. ,T. V. Casey, Mr. and Mrs. Bryant, Mr. and Mrs. Moore, Mr. and Miss Hepburn, Mr. Macdormott, Mr. Lonohan, Mr. and Mrs. Oullen, Mr. and Mrs. Farlo, Mrs. Norris, Mrs. Gorard Phillips and Miss Phillips, Miss Madden, Mrs. Mooney, Mrs. Purcoll, Mr. Butler, Mr. McKyo, and Mr. and Mrs. Hudson. Tho coromouy of blessing, the transepts having been performed, Hia Emiuonco the Cardinal-Archbishop delivered an oloquont address. Ho said : I havo groat pleasure in coming amongst you' this afternoon to dedicate this sanc tuary portion of what will ono clay bo a very beautiful parochial church. I con gratulate the Jesuit Fathors who havo tho chargo of this district on tho good work thus accomplished, and I congratulate them the more as to-day's feast is ono memorablo in their religious ordor. To day's feast marks tho beginning of their socioty, and it was to-day they entered on that grand Apostolato which for 300 years has boon fruitful of manifold blessings to the Church and to the world. Every country which they havo ovangelisod has partaken of thoBo spiritual blessings, and I am confident that their zealous labours here and in other parts of Australia are a Hiiro presage and augury that thoBo same blessings in no Hinall measure shall bo on forrod upon ourselves. I wish to-day to speak to you of some of tho first principles of tho Catholic faith, which it is well to : hold in mind amid tho din and confusion of tho religious novelties which aro justly considered ono of tho groat scourges of thu world in thoso lattor days. Tho groat truth which underlies tho whole teaching of tho Catholic Church is tho Divinity of our Blossod Lord, This grand doctrine is tho foundation of our boliof and tho anchor , of our hope. It is, at tho same timo, tho focus and radiating point of all our eraod, | and tho source and contro of all thoso , blossings which are our lifo, our joy, our : consolation horn, or aro destined to bo our , hoavonly heritage hereafter. Tho Etornal ; Word made man fashioned to himself a : spiritual kingdom, which Ho callod His ', Church. It was to bo a now creation upon i earth, ytlio work of His right hand, tho mastor-piece of His wisdom, having for its purpose to preserve and to proclaim His j truths to tho world till tho end of timo, and j to lie tho depository of His hoavonly bios- | sings for mankind. Tho Incarnation of : thu Etornal Word was not to bo a nioro passing phase of God's morciful dealings j with man. Addressing tho Apostles, our j Saviour said : — ' I am tho Way, tho Truth, \ and the Lifo' — (St. John xiv., (-)— and. Ho i added tho emphatic toaching : ' No one comoth to tho Fathor save through Me.' TIioho Divino words, which aro the com pendium of all heavenly wisdom, un coasingly rosound through Holy Church, i and they shall continue to bo verified till tho ond of timo, ovon as tho Apostle pro- j claimed of old, ' Christ yesterday and to day, tho same for evermore.' Ho is tho Way, and hence it is only by following His guidance and by obodionco to His j commands that wo como to tho Father, j Ho is tho Truth : Ho imparts tho light i of Hoavon and tho lessons of Divine wis dom to us, and we must embrace Mis toaching. Ho is tho Lifo, tho vory source I of all our spiritual vigour, and strength, I and lifo, through whom aro abundantly given all tho moans wo stand in need of to attain our hoavonly destiny. In the 'Imita- tion of Christ,' by Thomas u Kornpis, we find a beautiful paraphraso of thoso swoot words of our Blossod Lord : ' I am tho Way which thou must follow ; the Truth which thou must believe ; tho Lifo which | thou must hope for. I am tho Way in violable ; the Truth infalliblo ; and tho Lifo that has no ond. I am tho straightost Way; tho sovereign Truth ; tho true, blossod, and uncreated Life. If thou abide in my Way, thou shalt know tho Truth ; and tho Truth shall doliver thee, and thou ' sluvlt attain to lifo everlasting.' * Our - Saviour, however, was not to remain on . earth for evermore as tho visible toacluir of His Church. Tho Spiritual Kingdom j which Ho founded would bo His represen tative in tvio world. Ho ehoso a fow humble fishermen whom Mo associated to Himself j as partakers of tho Divino ministry. Ho instructed thorn in tho lessons of sacrod wisdom. Ho appointed thorn tho spiritual rulers of His Kingdom, and as tho charter ' of their mission He pronounced tho solemn words ! ' A& tho Father hath sent Mo, so I send you.' 'Ho who hoars you, hoars Mo.' 'Go ye, and teach all nations, and behold I am with you all clays ovon unto tho consummation of tho world.' Tho Kodoomor's work was to bo brought homo to all mankind, and applied to the needs of tho whole fallen human race, The nations of the earth were to bo tho inheritance of tho Church, tho Kingdom of Christ was to embrace every race and ovovy tongue, and to oxtend from boa to sea. Tho rulers of tho world will continue as before to mark the limits of the territories over which they rule, but tho Church knows no such fences of her spiritual authority, and tho scattored empires, and states, and commonwealths, aro all called to be ono in tho brotherhood of Christ, and to be par takers of tho blessings of His Spiritual Kingdom. Tho Church has boon faithful to hor mission, and, amid the vicissitudes of ninotoen centuries, she has never cousod to mould humanity, and to guide tho pro gross of society for good j and whatever there is of nobility, of grandeur, of morality, of religion, at tho present time may be duly acclaimed as the fruit of the Catholic Church. Tho Apostles wore to bo scattered over tho world to impart to all nations tho lessons of their Divino Master. To preserve tho bund of unity amongst j ilium, and their successors till tho ond of timo, Ho chose ono from amongst thorn, St. Potor, and constituted hi:n chief pastor | of tho lambs and thu sheep, that i.s to ! say, tho visible hoadjof tho mystic Body, and the chief authoritative rulor on earth of God's Spiritual Kingdom. Such was thu Church as constituted by our Blessed Lord, and such it shall continue to tho ond of timo. It is no more within its province to j chango tho organisation given to it by tlni j Bodoomor than it is in tho power of tho ; material body to alter tho functions of its ' heart or head. The Kingdom of God thus j constituted shall never fail. No mattor what powers of ovil may assail it, thnir efforts shall bo in vain. ' Tlio gates of I hull shall not provail against it.' To tho ! Church tho Budoomorconsignodas a sacrod deposit His own Divino truth. Tho Holy Spirit would abido in tho Church to pro sorve inviolate throughout all timo tho teachings of His Avisdom. ' I will ask tho Father,' aro His words to the disciples, 'and Ho will send tho Holy Ghost, tho Paraclete, to teach you all truth and to abido with you for over.' Tho hoavonly light of that sacrod toaching of our Saviour shall never coaso to shine forth from Holy Church upon mankind. As to the Bride of Christ, tho Church shall over bo arrayod in tho comeliness of truth. As the mystical Body of Christ, it cannot by apostasy bo separated from Him. As the pillar and ground of truth, it cannot proclaim false hood or bocomo subservient to tho cause of error. ' It is needless,' writes tho groat St. Nemuus in tho socond century, ' to seek tho truth among othors which it is easy to obtain from tho Church j for tho Apostlos most fully consigned to hor, as into a rich depository, all things that appertain to truth, so that overy man, whosoever will, may rocoivo from hor tho waters of lifo.' You aro not to suppose that tho Church rejects tho Sacrod Scrip turo. On tho contrary, the Bible forms part of tho deposit of Divino truth con signed to Holy Church as an authentic and inspired record of God's mercies and as an impregnable bulwark of tho Faith. From tho oarliost conturios, ovon to our own day, tho various heresies that arose havo not hesitated to fritter away portions of the sacrod toxt and to intorprot tho inspired books according to each one's fancy or in dividual caprice. Hence it is that by St. Nenæus, to whom I have just referred, those heretics are styled ' thieves and robbers,' and are justly accused of cor rupting the teachings of Divine truth. But the Church has ever been tho watchful guardian of the Scriptures and their authentic interpreter, unfolding to tho faithful tho lessons of heavenly wisdom which the Spirit of God desires to convey through them. Nothing can ho more divine than tho Holy Sacraments and Sacrifice which are the unalienable heri tage of tho Church and which are directed to impart to us tho life and strength, tho comforting graoos and blossings, which we need during our heavenward j ourney. They aro tho fountains of Divine mercy open alike | to all. The samo spiritual wealth awaits ! in them, alike tho poorest and tho most oxaltod of tho land. Tho prince and tho scholar will find thoro all tho light and special help of which they stand in need j tho uninstructod and the lowliest of the flock may in like manner enrich themselves with tho treasures of God. Tho Saora monts aro tho ordinary channels for com j municating grace and pardon and spiritual sustenance to tho soul, all thoso being ' blossings of our Saviour's love. Through , His ordinance it is that an ocean of morcy j is propared in them for all His childron, { and tho abundance of its blessings is im parted as fully as our capacity to rocoivo them will allow according to the measure of our faith and lovo and humble confidence I in Him. Tho sacrifice of tho Mass coih | moniorivtes tho Incarnation and Death and Bosurroction of our Blossod Lord, and perpetuates upon o\tr altars tho all-atoning Holocaust of Calvary. It is tho most solemn aut of religion, tho great and ; divinely-instituted form of public prayer ' and common worshiji, and through it tho | words of tho prophet are fulfilled : ' From the rising of the sun to tho going clown thoroof, a pure oblation is offerod up to the Most High, and great is My name among tho nations, saith the Lord of Hosts.' All the faithful are united in one reli gious brotherhood, all being members of tho same mystic Body of Christ, purtalcors of thoKHiiio Divino blowings and heirs of tho same heavenly heritage, Wn must mutu ally ansist ouch other l»y our prayers and good works. Death dons not sovcr tlio bunds of this spiritual Brotherhood, By tho communion of Hiiinls we continue to bo associated in sacred fellowship with thuso who have gono before us bearing tho seal of the Faith. Woplead for them that they may he pardoned and freed from the debts they have incurred, that they may bo ad mitted to partake of the joys of the elect in eternal blessedness. On the other hiuul tho Angels and Saints, all the Choirs of tho Blosscil, with the iM other of our Lord, tho Queen of all tho heavenly choirs, pli ud for us for mercy before -»od, and their prayers as a fragrant incense ascend before tho throuo of tho Lamb. Such in brief outline is the toaohing of tho Catholic Church, in thoall-niortiiful dosigns of God fulfilling tho words of tho Bodoomer : ' I am tho Way, the Truth, and tho Lifo ; no ono comoth to tho Father save through Mo.' What does tho voice of history attest regarding tho Church ? Some writers who seok to. explain by natural causes tho won derful spread of tho Gospel in tho early ages, tho fulfilment of tho pro phetic, words : ' Their sound hath gouo forth unto all tho earth, and their words unto the ends of the world — '( Ps. xviii. »)— assign as its cause the zeal of the first Christians in propagating tho Faith, tho doom and judgment denounced against thoso who would not believe, tho boliof in miraclos, the austere morality of tlio faith ful, and tho marvellous spirit of union that porvadod their ranks. Now, it is most true that all thoso various motives contributed their share to produce tho grand result but, thon, how aro we to explain that zeal and austere morality, that belief in tho coming judgment, that unity of tho Church, and thoso miracles, except by tho Divine power which guarded and sustained it. They are so many fruits of the tree of lifo in Holy Church. M'ou vainly imagine now a-days that thoy may continuo to look for ? those fruits whilst they out clown tho Divine tree which alone can produce thorn. Tho mi nicies which accompanied tho preaching of tho Apostlos wore not a more mattor of fancy. Thoy wore the soal of Heaven on tho Divino ministry. The Rv doemor had promised to It is disciples this gift of miraclos. The Acts of the Apostlos relates the fulfilment of His promise. The Evangelist, St. Mark, also ends his Gospel with tho attestation that tho Apostles ' going forth preached everywhere, tho Lord working withal and confirming the words with signs that followed.' So also the Epistle to tho Hebrews, ' God also bearing thorn witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miraclos, and gifts of tho Holy Ghost, according to His own will.' (ii. 4.) Tho preachers of tho Gospel furthermore) appealed to tho ful filment of tho prophecies of tho Old Law, and above all thoy announced tho ovor abiding miracle, tho lifo of our Blossod Lord, II is preaching, death and resurrec tion : 'if Christ be not risen from tho dead,' cries out tho Apostle, ' our religion is but an empty dream.' The heroic con stancy of the martyrs who shed their blood for the faith may truly bo said to have con quered tho pagan world, as Tertullian writes; 'The blood of the martyrs was the seed of Christians.' But how explain their heroism and constancy, excopt by the courage and strength and consolation im parted by our Blessed Lord. We read in tho Ecclesiastical History of Eusebius that the slave Blandina, when condemned to tho wild beasts, cried out that she cared noth ing for suffering, ' because of her com munion with Christ;' another declared that ' nothing is painful where is the glory of Christ ; ' and we road of countless others who invoked the Redeemer as their helper, and whose constancy amid unheard-of torments filled tho very persecutors with con fusion and astonishment. Thus the martyrs overcame tho world, and in their triumph fulfilled the Redeemer's prophecy,' This is tho victory which conquereth tho world, your faith.' It is a significant fact which prominently stands forth in the pages of history that every attempt made to destroy the Church has only served to bring into, bolder relief some feature of her heavenly mission. No human strength could have ? sustained her during the ten persecutions in which pagan Rome put forth all the resistless power of the Empire to encom- pjthrt )jit ili'-t nii-timi, 'I'ln1 I'lint1 nf iliccc pnlKI'l'Ilt i(l|)H hllW till' - 'Ill'Ut iltll l''llilll ll't i.vcri'iiiiii', 1 nit t nuiiiplimit nvt-r thitl junjuii world. !!vitv I'mi'iii --i iTi'ti* irt'in H^n t ? » mj« Iuih m'UkIiI \\*- ? ?- » t i-*t| *t tlit* tt'iH'liinur 'f 1 I ] a ? Cluiivlt Ml' In I'lllallU'li' o||l- n|' ulliiT i'( ln'1' tlnil riiu'is KviM'.v mii'Ii aUi'tnpi hus hmlllii' invat'iulili' rcHtilt (?? m-t iiM*l«'iu''r litfht tint divine flianii'li'i' -?! th« truth which \vi'H- /iH'iiili'fl, At tiiiH'M it ui.iilil worn a« if tint lli»»d uj' inm'iil rnrnipt ii»n wniild i»viM'.»j»n'iii1 tlii' wuclil and H\ihun-ri,'t' tlii- very wwu'lwiwy it « « ? 1 1' . It wuh jiivi-i.sel.v at HiU'h iiKdiitilits that ihuv liuhvai'KH u|' morality were iai,-cd up liy I li'iivi'ii, and t h»- ^rcatt'Kt saint « wci'M n'ivun to the ('huivh, mill Hit' abiding .spirit. mI' mini'Uty prodiifi'd t \\\e richest fruits, lluwari' \vn tu explain thi.s I'uuHluut triumph nf tin' Chuivh despite every assailant Mint- tho world could umr.slml against her, this perennial J'ruit J'n i jm'h.s d|' lrutli and virtue, this un ceiiHin^ victory of svcaknes.s ovei1 strength ? There is hut nno explanation that fan he tfivon, and it is attested alike hy the voice ?of history land hy witness of sacre-d writ. Our Saviour is ever present in His Church, and hy His decree, so loiitf as time shall last, flis divine words shall l)e fuliilled through thu ministry of the Church : ' I am thu Way, the Truth, and the Life. ; no one eoniuth tu tlm Father save through Mo.' At the present, day it is through calumny and misrepresentation that the Chu rch and her heavenly mission and her divino teaching iiro assailed. Hut all this fan only load to the sumo result— to set her manifold privileges and prerogatives in a clearer light. Gnu of thu favourite iuis VGpreseutations in which tho assailants of the Church indulge is to tho ell'oct that tho Pope can make and alter, as ho pleases, tho faith and tho creed of Roman Catholics. Mow, to a Catholic, it is dilliciilt to oon ?eoive any supijosition moro absurd than this. Tho Pope., as the Vicar of Christ, is tho divinoly-constitutod guardian of tho saorod deposit of Faith, hut ho can neither altor nor add to it. It is his ollico to ^'uard, touch and define the truths confided to the Church by our Blessod Lord. Ho may sot the seal of the sanctuary on tho doctrines of Faith, but thoso are tho puvo gold handed down from the Apostles in the un broken suceessioji of pastors to our own ?day. Thus the promise of Christ is ful filled : ' I will send tho Holy Ghost to teach you the truth and abide with you for over.' We have just now an instance of tho fallacy that a,rises from this misre presentation as to the Pope's power to which they roferrod. Many Anglicans have imagined that the Popo had only to say a word to malco the Anglican orders valid, and they regard it as an ungracious act that he proceeded to declare those orders null and invalid. Our Anglican friends, however, should have borne in mind that tho Popo can only declare that to be true, which is in reality conformable to truth. If the Anglican orders were from the first an heretical innovation devised in a spirit ?of hostility to tho Church, and invalid, there was no alternative for the Pope when giving his decision but to declare them to bo invalid. It is his mission to confirm his brethren in the truth, and to lead the flock of Christ to the salutary pastures. ' I have asked for thoe that thy faith shall not fail; do them confirm thy brethren.' Tho Church thus guided and guarded by Peter cannot err ; ' the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' There is another fallacy, too, which we hoar repeated from time to time in tho Protestant pulpits and the Protestant press. We cannot be sure, they say, but auy day some absurd doctrine maybe defined by the Pope as an article of faith. Tho wise philosoiDhers of pagan Borne must have reasoned in like manner. How do we know, they may havo said, what absurdities these fishermen of Galliee may ?ono day propound for our belief. But there is the promise of tho Redeemer, ' I am with you all days oven unto the con summation of the world.' This Protestant fallacy reminds me of the perplexity of the poor simpleton who, when the sun was sotting, went about repeating in great anxiety, ' What shall we do if the sun will not rise on to-morrow ? ' People laughed at his auxious folly, because the physical laws which guide the world are a sufficient guarantee that the sun will, in due course, rise on the morrow. With far greatar security the Catholic smiles undis turbed at tho fallacy which disturbs our Anglican friends, for he knosvs that sooner ?shall Heaven and earth pass away than that the Redeemer shall cea3e to abide in His Church, and Eis Divine words ever find an echo in the faithful hearb: ' I am the Way ,the Truth, and the Life ; no one 'Cometh to the Father save through me,' There is another tenet, which those who it-enil the - 'iithdlir cjuir.'h in An-tniliii lake a Hpcial pleasure in n i i .»? r ? ? | ? t « ^ »? ? ? 1 1 1 » » i » 4 at tin* present time. I refer t«i the Cat holie il.-voiitiu to the HIi'KHi'd Viri'in. And yet, there urn lu« im plea nr pic test nf uncertainty or auihimiity in n'liiiid to thi.s devotion. The definition, of the Chiiivh in regard to it nr«« hi» )-ltitii I hat they who inn may read, and (lie child that li-pH the eiilet'hiMii may tell you h« accurately a* the niont profound theologian what the teachiuj,r of the Church in, Our fellow-eitizeiiB arm told even from the pulpit o| Protestant sectaries that we adore the HhttiHi'd Virgin and make her equal to Ood, although the church a thousand times ha* repudiated mich a tenet an erroneous and blasphemous We oiler supreme adoration to -iod iiloiie. Hut we give due honour to ; fliii HloHMud Virgin on account of the special graces which nlie received from d'od, and ; we offer our prayers to her that .she may j ; plead our cause at the throne of her Divine , Son, On this head, I may call attention i ' to one singular niisrepresuntat ion of Catho- | J lie doctrine which a dignitary of tho j I Anglican Church in Australia presented to ; 1 Iub credulous friends some few weeks ago. j The Protestant Hishop of (Joulhurn, in a ' letter to the public Press, declared that j : Catholics believe in a real presence of the j Hle.s.sed Virgin in the Holy Sacrament of 1 the Eucharist, and ho cited the words of a J certain Oswald as of an approved Catholic writer affirming such a presence. Now, so far as this tenet from forming part of j Catholic doctrine that it is expressly con dom ned and repudiated by the Church. Some. Greek heretics appear to have broached it in former times, but the Church can no more behold responsible for their follies than for the vagaries of .sceptics and heretics in our own day. Moro than a century ago the groat Pontiff, Honodict XIV., declared such a doctrine to bo repugnant to the teaching of tho Church ; and he further added that it had been officially branded by the authorities in Rome as ' erroneous, dangerous, and scandalous.' Oswald, to whom the Pro testant Bishop of Goulburn refers, adopted, indeed, this tenet, but it is quito in koop mg with tho usual misrepresentation of everything Catholic to cite him as an ap proved writer of the Catholic Church. His work in which this tenet was broached was condemned and placed on the Index 40 years ago, and the author himself very laudably retracted this condemned doc trine, it is true that in all this the Pro testant Bishop of Goulburn merely repeats statements made many years ago by Dr. Pusey and other Anglican assailants of the Church. But what may have been pardon able many years ago can scarcely be re garded as pardonable at tho present day, for the doctrine thus misrepresented has, in the meantime, been illustrated and set in the clearest light by Morris and Ward and Newman, and a thousand other Catholic writers. In all this, however, it should be a consolation to us to know that it is only by misrepresentation aud calumny the teaching of the Catholic Church can be ansailed. In this, too, she is made like to her Divine Master, and thus the attack's so incessantly made against the Church only serve to bring into bolder relief the great truth that through, her ministry and her doctrine and her sacramental graces the Redeemer's words are overyday fulfilled : ' I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life ; no one cometh to the Father save through Me.' The Rev. Father Brennan, S..J ., said that it Avas about 12 months since tho corner stone of the transepts was laid by His Eminence the Cardinal. Tho work, as they saw it that day, had been performed with the greatest satisfaction. Tho Catholic community of the North Shore, and the priests of North Shore, owed a debt of gratitude to the distinguished architect who had designed the transepts. His name would ever bo associated with St. Mary's, St. Benedict's, and St. Patrick's (Mel bourne), but great as these structures were, the success of tho architect in the con struction of their own church could not have been greater. He was glad to take advantage of that opportunity to proclaim their indebtedness to Mr. Wardoll. Tho services of that gentleman wore perfectly honorary, and in addition to that, the window above the High Altar was placed there at his own expense. The cost of tho building had been considerable, and up to the present time they had received a sum of about ,43 1,230, which had been contri buted by all sections of the Catholic com munity, and also by non-Catholics. A word of acknowledgment was due to the collectors. Collecting was an unpleasant task, but he was glad to be ablo to say that the gentle men who wont collecting always returned to him with )-1i'h«iui1 !'n-ft, The itniount -*-* I'm* ►'pent 011 the work whx about I'lMno. I -r, hoiiovan, -) c , ».njd h,« iniMeit they '-?mid permit hint, a* a n( runner aiii'inuM them an invited |,'iie,«t to (hut day'i* rele hratioii- -to oU'ei, in the th-nt install' e, to the .leMlil Kathei'H, who hint chal'tfe of the dint rii-t, and to t he parishioner,* them-elve^, hi- wMi-m-'t.( coneriitulatious upon the work which the Church, in the person of Hi* Kiuineiice, had thai day M«v*eil. lie came over expecting to ^ee a village chllrch, hut whut he actually hiuv wmk an edifice more ; after the .-style of a minor cathedral. Formerly (h,» district was called St. Leonards, hut the people were undoubtedly \ auihitioiiH, and they had dropped that unit I iiHHUliled tho title of North Sydney. Tho opening of the tniusopts was a source of I consolation to (hem aud also to himself, , ; hecaiiNe fho iii'ccsKify for the enlargement of a church illustrated tlm growth of the Catholic population, and of the progress of the Catholic religion in tho district. The admirable means they had taken in the instance of (he church was another source : of congratulation both to themselves and 1 to every Catholic. When ono caino to see \ the dimensions that that church had I assumed he might he pardoned if ho took j a short retrospect of tho history of that j mission. lie was indebted to Father Brennan for tho fow particulars about which he. desired to spoak. The* first resident priest in that district was the Very Rev. Dr. I'owoll, and the Holy Sacrifice of tho Mass was at that time celebrated in a, canvas tent, To Dr. Powell succeeded Doan Kenny, who erected tho nave of that enlarged church, ft was only just to his memory to record tho fact that to him and to his generous gift tho Sisters of St. Joseph wero indebted for their present convent. Eighteen years ago the Jesuit Fathers woro placed in charge of that mission, which then com prised a much larger area than now. In fact, it originally extended to tho Hawkos bury Rivor. What tho Jesuit Fathers had done during thoso 18 years was woll-known. At the time they came over to North Sydney there Avas but ono church, ono school and one convent. Now thoy had live or six churches, including school churches. As for convents, they had ono — Monte San Angolo — in the heart of that beautiful district whose reputation for the teaching of children was renowned all over tho colony. Thoy had amongst them the Marist Brothers, who conduct tho primary school, and tho good Sisters who, to tho number of 18, wero engaged in I ho religious teaching of that district. Tnoy had an average attendance at their schools of 800 children. They had also, on ono of the finest sites, St. Ignatius' College at River view, whoso fame and rejmtation for teach ing had extended all over Australasia. They had Loyola House at Greenwich, the first novitiate in connection with the Jesuit Orders established in Australia. They also possessed some of the most beautiful scenery to be found in the colony of New South Wales. He reminded them that at ono time it was contemplated to establish tho city of Sydney on their side of tho harbour — a project not realised owing to the accidental discovery of a stream of water on tho south sido of tho harbour. The city was there, but ho need hardly say that, if they looked for the stream, thoy would have considerable difficulty in finding it. In addition to the natural advantages, thoy had the good fortune to have ministering to their spiritual wants the Fathers of tho Jesuit Order, illustrious throughout a period of over !JO0 years in their preaching, in their works, in tho missionary fiolds all over the world, and in the higher ordor of teaching in the Catholic world. He re minded them that thoro was a considerable debt \ipon the church, and he felt euro they would respond generously to the call which would be made upon them. (Applause.) Mr. Barry (Mayor of North Sydney) said that, considering the very important dis course delivered by His Eminence and tho able address from Dr. Donovan, he would content himself with moving the resolu tion entrusted to him — ' That we proceed at once to make a collection, with a view to liquidate tho remaining debt on tho church.' Mr. F. Punch seconded tho motion, which was carried, A vote of thanks to His Eminence for prosiding was, on the motion of the Hon. T. Dnlton, carried unanimously, His Eminence, in responding, said that as they had remained there with such patience that afternoon, perhaps they would allow him to complete some of the reminiscences of the early days in that parish. He learned that Father Therry used to come over to North Sydney and celebrate Mass in the private houses of the r»'Niih«ni.w. Father Powell «»iwt«'-l 1i!h ' I'.ilico' rhtnvli 011 thn very ni[t- on which they Were that day ilMMenibled, AfterwanlH II woollen buildilie, wan erected, Mild, later, 11 Htniin church. In ei'iicluHinn, Ili« KinU nonce trusted lie lilijjht he permitted --i Miiyllmt Home day one of thnxi« beautiful window,*- -11 specimen of which they had before them, would lie erected to coin liieinoraie thoHo pi'lent* who had do|l»» ho much for the district. He referred to |,hi- \'nvy Kov. Dr. Powell and to Dean Kenny, lie fell sure when their ilelit «ns paid oil (hat they would he pre pared to donate a ntainod glass window to their memory, A collodion wan tlwu made, and 11 «um of ,JC!U'H- wan Hubscrihed, including : — Tho iloii.T. Dull-on, M.I a,-., iMuo, Dr. Donovan, J!\r-\ MessrH, Hutloriuid McKyo, JiKl j Mr. KrneKt, Hridgo, £\0-, Mr, J. r.*Uurvan,i.-5; Mr. K. Punch, £& -, Captain O'.Sullivan, JLVj ; Mr. Frank CoJToe, ,£5 j Dr. lforke, £n ; Mr. ?lainoK Power, -£.'- ; Tho Jesuit- Fat/horn, .C/i j The Misses O'Sullivan, JJ5 ; Mr. Hepburn, JW; Mr. John Coonan, M j Mr. W. W. Wardull, J?2\ Hon. R. K. O'Connor, M.L.C., .i^:i ; Mr. J. F. Hayes, .i.':i :?s. ; Mr. Crowloy, X'2; (.!. J. Barry, £2 2h. ; Mr. M. Hogan, X'l ; The Hibernian Society, ,A!2 10b. 5 Miss \ Y.tilwl, £2 10s. ; Mrs. Hudson, M In.; Dr. Sheldon, .£1. Tho debt still remaining on tho church amounts to about JH\0il 