BROADBRIM'S NEW. YORK LETTER. Yoircan make no-gness. '^ou can cast no horoscope: We have been looking for the grand ratification meetibg%ftft which Tiim many used to-indorse .the National<nomina tions, but ominous clouds hang heavy over the tBntof the graat Sachem... ..No Imperial summons calls the faithful to battle. The Winowiski sends forth-no w^r-cry;- i^e-toma hawk lies buried deep in' the ground,' and the air is heavy with the portentsjof e.vjj .to the Chicago .nopiinee. ; \" , The more'the .political fighters thiflk of it the more they.aye amazed.? The .first-pad most astonishing fact connected ."with-the Boy Orator's; nomination was, how he got into the Convention.. He represented a bolt ing fact ion;'he,wag. not regular,"and the com mittee investigating his claims sawiihey were i spurious aitid ki3ked him out,admityng_the regularrjdelegation. That would have settled any ordinary claimant, but not Mr.'Bryan. Doorkeeper Martin was strict in the con struction of his order for admission, and the question arises, How did Mr. Bryan gee in 1 and being in, if the chairman did his duty, how did he fhid-his way,to the platfyrm-? and not; being a member, why was he ptermitted to spsak 1 All (.tlies'e. questions are pressing upon theifnithfu] here, and.like the ghost of Banquo, they will not go down. There is a. voice potential in the claims.for regularity, and it is hard for those who have staked their political salvation on ite to acknowledge it is possible that right is above regularity,-, and that principle iri times of peril, when J national life and national death tremble in the balance, "never stops to palter with ex pediency ; or, if it does^ it leads to certain political death and damnation. No lover of his country, no matter what the complexion of his political faith, can look with feelings of jubilation on the political death; or disgraqe of the Democratic party. We may-differ widely,*-on the questions of protection and free trade ; the parity of gold and silver may divide us, but if we^re true to our country, that "'difference " will never bi.so.great as to threaten the national life, or tarnish the national .honor.., When men like William C. Whitney, whose high character and life-long service to Democracy have made him -President,Cleveland's legi timate successor, or Daniel Lamont, Presi dent Cleveland's cother self,i'isK compelled- to hold his peace or else indorse as the Demo cratic nominee..the ..altetnatise,. .is_a..bitter one for the faithful, yiow it which wayyou will. As sure as the sun rises and sets, New York .will not be carried next November by the (Pemocriit8. They' forgot^ irirth'e! 'mo ,men\ of ,enipftopal,madness,,,the. advice , of the immortal Shakespeare ::- : \- " The fiiends-thou hast, i- . . A And thsir adoption tried,' lo ! Grapple them to thy soul withhooks of' . steel;. : . . : But do not dull thy palm with the enter tainment of every new and.'unfledged i comrade." .. * . .To the Old'Guard, who; have stood in the "battle front for years, w¥o haye. rejbiced in the glory .of its victories and' mourned ,in sorrow at its defeats, the thought is mad dening that he, who came in at the eleventh ! hour, not only received his penny, but car ried away the golden prize from those who had borne the heat and burden of the day. Among men whose faithfulness to Demo cratic doctrines as propounded by Jefferson, Jackson and the fathers, has never been questioned, are William H. Grace and Henry Coudert. When men like these are com pelled to turn their backs upon their old associates, there is danger in the air. Up to the present time it has been in sisted on by the President that Govarnment ! officials should take no active participation j ; in the making up of tickets or the move ment of political compaigns. Already three members of Mr. Cleveland's Cabinet have publicly declared ...? against the Chicago : nominees. No voice of remonstrance is' heard from tlrt White House or Gray Gables. Verily, verily, this augurs ill for the regular Democratic ticket in the Novem ber Ides. All the week a life has been wavering be tween eternity and time, and the greatest of his name for three generations has suddenly been strickon down. If it were merely the passing away of plutocrat it might need but a passing mention; but Cornelius Vander bilt is something more than a multi-million aire. Born to great wealth, he was not pampered, but as soon as he could be taken from school was placed in a bank and given one of its smallest clerkships, and compelled to earn-his living ; this he did without com plaint, and from that day till William H. Vanderbilt died he.never was a pensioner oa his fath'er. ? ' ; ' The old commodore, his grandfather, who was one of the most desperate gamblers that ever played a pair of deuces against a- bob tailed flush, was nevertheless a close watcher on the industry and thrift of his young grandson, who, before he became of a^eT was also made a millionaire by his grand father's gift. A3 a supreme test of cha racter, the bank clerk, with a salary of eight hundred dollars a year, became the possessor of five millions in his own exclusive right, but his sudden change from poverty to riches made no change in the character'of Corne lius Vanderbilt. The requirements of society and the demands of his family compelled a more pretentious establishment, but Corne lius Vanderbilt took no delight in the osten tatious shows of fashionable society. He regarded himself as God's almoner "to the poor, and he scattered millions without letting his left hand know what his right hand did. The amount of Cornelius Vanderbilt's benefactions will never be known, for in whatever he did to ameliorate the suffering of the poor and needy, he put others for ward and remained unknown himself. With a multitude of exacting duties, which his office of vice-president of one of the greatest railroad corporations in the country entailed upon him, he still found time to listen to the calls of charity, which, when worthy and properly endorsed, were never refused. One of his especial cares was the rcen employed on the New York Central Rail road. A splendid building was erected by him, and was devoted exclusively to their use. A line library was at their disposal; ! baths and every other modern convenience j were there free of cost. He never seemed j to be weary of planning schemes for the comfort and elevation of his employes, and in that respect he will be called the model corporation employer of the ago. _ He was stricken with paralysis early in the week. So severe was the attack that all the members of the family were suddenly summoned to New York. There seems to he a paralytic tendency in the family. It will be remembered that his father's death was sudden; he had just risen from the break fast table, apparently in perfect health ; a friend called on a matter of business; he met him in his library; the conversation had only progressed a few minutes when he suddenly pitched forward, and before help arrived ho was dead. Mr. Vanderbilt's mind has been greatly disturbed at the prospec tive marriage of his favorite son, Cornelius, to Miss Wilson; the only objection bein« that she is a few years older than her affianced husband. She is a very lovely young woman, highly accomplished; and in all respects the equal of the man she seeks to wed. Her affianced husband has not a penny but what he receives from his father. The lady is a millionaire heiress in her own right. So violent has been the opposition to the match 011 the part of young Mr, Van derbilt's family, that in a moment of an«er when young Cornelius refused, to give up his intended wife, his father threatened to disinherit him, and' to the young man's honor be it recorded, he accepted'the alter native of poverty, if needs be, rather than abandon his sweetheart -lit the unjust demand of his parent. ' . Cornelius Vanderbilt is a good man and a just man, but in this case, the general feel ing is that he ,is wrong, and the sympathies of the entire community are with the youn<* man. It is to be hoped that his life may be spared many years for the sake of the thous ands of ? poor and. suffering unfortunates whose .1 misery and! poverty- his boundless charity has relieved. If he Should die now, a carping! world would say {jhafc, the cauae of his death Vwas the headlong'obstinacy of hia son, This 'would cast a sorrow on the young man's;, liff, which would darken it till the grave closed over him. It is to be hoped that: returning health may dissipato. the shadows that How so unhappily cloud it, and that at no distant day he may receive . his father's blessing while clasping=the hand of the girl he loved, and still keep- untarnished his honor, as a rich-dower to his wife, worth | more than his father's millions. ? S The sentencing of two fire-bugs to-States J prinon for life is the culmination of one of i the most dastardly-crimes-on the criminal calendar. MBat of the parties engaged in this nefarious business are Russian Jews o^ the 'loAfest' 'type", "a class that has been' a burden to us since they came in swarms to thin country am}, to our misfortune. 3etfiled in New York. They!have been a sore afflic tion and expense-to the American, English arid German Jews, . who are among our wealthiest arid most honorable merchants andNbankers .; men who haverspent millions to better the .condition of these. Russian cut casts without being:> able to improve them. Arson was not unknown among u^? before these Russians came here, but they have been the 'first to organize a business system, with a regular scale of prices for doing their .damnable work.- It mattered not whether it was a store supposed to be filled with fine1 rgood3, " on which a large insurance had been secured, or a tenement house, where some murderous villain had an insurance of a' hundred dollars on a lot of broken tables and chairs not -worth five, the fire-bugs were, ready for the job. The room wad on one of the lower floors of a five storey tenement house, in which over a hundred people hived together. The place was like a tinder-box ; the stairs caught fire, cutting off all escape that way. .In a f&w; minutes the whole front of the house wasa sheet'of-flume, . and within were the, perishing ' wretches, screaming for help. The iron fire-escapes on the front of the house were heated; red hot and therefore worthless ; the result was ithat several human beings were burned to death to'£et a paltry insurance of a'hundred dollars. Hundreds of fire3 were caused by : these villains.- Many lives,,were lest. . In suranceiconipanieswere defrauded, and mil lions of property destroyed. The two life ? sentences this week may for a time mitigate the evil, but as Macbeth says, " We have scotched the snake, not killed it.' Yours truiy, . - BROADBRIM. 