FROZEN FACTS. NovA SCOTIA and British Columbia furniib most of the Canadian coal. 3IAnLAr ALBAes began learning music when she was only four years old. IT is a remarkable fact that the deepest parts of the sea are in all cases very near the land. IT has been computed that one" of every eighteen inhabitants of Germany is a sol-. dier. STir Japanese believe in ghosts, and pie toricallyrepresent them as pale-faced women with hair hanging over their eyes. 'luicocxs have no foreboding or fear of death. , They will witness their companions being killed, and yet go on placidly. eating and "driiking: GRcEEc?wrcn records show that for 14 years there has been an average of but 20 hours of sunshine in London in December. Iv China a man may wear the same gar ments for a lifetime without being out of style, so little does the fashion change. ITis reported that since the Czar an nonnced his intention of miaintaining auto cratic rule in Rtussia he has been the recipient of numerous Nihilist threats and manifes toes. tIo China the " ju ming" or "milk name" is changed upon the child starting to school. and atgain upon marriage, or in the event of selecting a trade or occupation. STATrsrzcs of life insurance show that in the last 25"years the average of man's life has increased 5 per cent.. or' -' - Asour tao'huridredwes1st of water from St:iVWinifred's YWell at' Holywnell" is, it is understood,-posted every night in scaled cans to all parts of the country, ýAnierica, and the colonies. It Brussels during the winter the sculptors often make statues out of snow. These are exhibited in the public parks, and the pro ceeds -from the tickets. are given to the poor. - Tire- temperature of the planet -Neptune is beleived to be about 900 degrees below the zero of Fahrenheit, while that of M?ercury. is much too high to'admit of a possibility of air-breathing animals inhabiting it.': _ rEDICALn opinion, aenopos the rage for ccf ing amongst women, declares that the exer cise is peculiarly hiarmful for young girls, and that it is a fruitful source of consumption and heart complaint. ToEn cost: of' the Marseilles and Rhone Canal is estimated at 80,000,000 francs, half: of which is to be provided by the State and half by the city and the Department: It ' will be 33 miles in length, including a ttrinel t four miles loig. "AxiEnRcais certainly the land of promise 'for.women.. MissElizabeth Fleming has been appointed crierbf the Unitedl States District' Court atPortland, whilst in Kentuckhy a Miss Tompkins has been appointed Assistan t i ar shall of the United States Supreme Court. ToE Brazilian soldier at tlhe preseot day extremely well pdid compared with Eurgepea n soldiers... A private soldier's monthly litay i ' £1 18s., with Government rations, or £3 o10s if'he finds his own rations, while a second .lieutenant is paid £15 10n. ai month, and £5 extra when actually in the field. Ir is a strange fact that while the teeth of . the negro on the old plantations were remark- - able for their whiteness, those of the freed - negro of the present day are in an infinitely worse condition than those of 'his white brother. This is owing entirely to the change of diet and the coloured man's weakness for sweetmeats. '` " IT is well known that oatmeal and bran have a most softening influence upon the skin. and if there is roughness it shou1ld be used in preferen,'e to so.po. esplecially where there is any tendency to skin disease. Soap irritates, whilst oatmeal and bran have a healing effect., and also allay the intense itch SIn Ronser RAlsSrtIso.hias never forgotten that in early life we was a stonema-n,. On one o:casion, while pasosiig through Chorley with a friend, he pointed to a step and said, "That step is well eet, don't you think?" " Iow should I know:" retorted his cotm panion-a well-known lawyer.r, y the way. " Ido," was Sir Robert's rcjoider, "because I oet it myself." THE: Jiapanese infantry is sail to lie sup plied with shirts alot drawers of paper, of Bourse not ouch as comlmnlyIII ttd in Europe, but a yellowish paper of s-.h i tnatcity as to bear making huttn,,-holes in it the sanme as in linen. 'ITher arious parts .f the car.ieits are partly stuck together and partly sewn by machine or hand, and pr lille wialth porcelain buttons. Til: Chinese are regarded ,by some travel lers am,ing them as the politest people on earth. For instance, iin addriessinl. a pierfect straniger, a Chinsaman eoitnillnles hiis letter, "M3y eldest brother." Th'le letter i-nlltains iucIh a phale as '" May all the ilesiings of life ie showereld uipon you, suct is the wish of your imbelcile juniir." In speaking of his uorn funily, the writer says, "' e ants." 'The alddress on the top of the letter reads, "From mlly hlllumble cabin to tli glorious ildace of Pearls for my elder blrother," and the preamble is, "'ro omlr excellent a.d bone volelnt brother who ascenuds the setaixeae 9 I loour.' 