lipoma I T f t f AT.T, RtftiiTs Rr.sEuvv.n.] U 6 IWa LAIV ti -i a Chapter jx—CONTINUED. By (ho aulhor of " EITIK HATOV;'' ''.Tr " KCSTACK, "ii: Mm.vtnr; T1IK OIMTAST.' Lrrv, THE FxcTora' QIRT.,' 1 " I heard nmre of mv master'a secrets still,'' nnswercd Nelly• —" seunol hin^ that merely <'<>T\:'' ri)ctl myself." "What!" exclaimed Albert. "lie lias born plott ing ng-ainst. you, too'r" '• Vou shall judije," replied tho girl. " From iv 1 Kit I overheard, I learned that my father made a will, by which I shall pet all the property iny unele has taken possession of. The will was in master's hands, and he made a bargain with my uncle to keep it back—master to get fifteen hundred pounds for doing so." "The rascals!" said Albert through liis set teeth. "P.ut," continued Nelly, "Mr. Chipps means to overreach my unele in the matter ; for he gave my unele a copy of the will, which the latter thought, waa the real one, and \vhi'-h lu> burned. The real one, however, is in a secret drawer in master's cabinet. He doesn't dream that 1 know that." "If it could only be yot hold of," said Albert, ! Nelly continued—" The copy which lie gave my unele was in the closet, and when ho came in for it he discovered me." "Confound it, that was unfortunate ; and "what was the result r" " I wa»: kept a close prisoner in an attic room for a week ; then tlmy put me into a large box and brought me here, where for •otno weeks I have been confined i u an empty room—Walsh being lav g-i„loi\" " (Jonfin •d in the In exclaimed Margaret. " And my husband, wh cr" asked Mrs. Walsh, trembling wi tion. "Tie took ill (>! a. fever i-ilay," annuo swer.-d Nelly, " a: d to-nig! deliri- ous. In liis made •r-s he -,v: to 3;ill me, when I made my e fr.., room, and fled from chamber to chamber, he e pursuing trie with a knite. At last 1 sawlight from your room, and pushin: ist brick it fell, and I cried for hei] and mercifully saved nm." "And Walsh, where in he now? impure everyone, in groa t exe;lemont, "I know not,*' answered Nedy. " TTe W:>.S k tl when T spr: " Wi wddlv mi the door of the room through the aperture." is hr is, he must; not; Tie left alone i Albert. the madiie: of fever," observed " Oh ! let us go and find him," pleaded his wife. " lie is my husband, and I loved him once." They nil hastily rose, and getting :h!;s. thi pro •I ti lt- through the hole in {he parti! io rch of Walsh. They found him h ie •or, on the floor, whore he had fallen bof, the picture, and the knife beside him. lie was still insensible ; but they raised him. and conveying him to another room, stripped him and laid him upon a bed, his much-injured wife and Margaret Clayton remaining to watch by the couch. C h a p t e r e d . REMORSE, REPENTANCE, AND GIVENESS. FOR- It is necessary that we should briefly explain how it happened that Nelly, on making good her escape from "Walsh, fell into the protection of Deborah Dickson and the rest. And this leads us back to the night,, or rather early morning, when Margaret and Mrs. "Walsh were rescued from the house in Leeds. That New Year's Day was spent in considering what their future course should he. For most of their sakes it was found highly necessary to leave Leeds. Neither Deborah nor Harry was safe there; and Mrs. Ys r alsh and Margaret were both anxious to get out of the reach of Walsh and Bob Preston. Albert Clayton eared little where he lived, as far as personal safety was concerned, for, as his enemies thought him dead, there was no fear of him being hunted after. But, as lie still wished to leave Lady Clayton and Chipps, the lawyer, under the impression that he was removed out of their way, it was important that he should neither he seen nor recognised in the city. He, therefore, was inclined also to leave Leeds. The only other members of the party wore William Sime and his mother, neither of whom apprehended any danger either from Walsh or Bob Preston ; but William was a fond and devoted lover, and if Margaret was to depart, he could not think of remaining behind. In the consideration of this question one important element required to be taken into account, and that was the financial. | William Sime was a journeyman watchmaker band could find employment in any large town; but Albert Clayton had never yet 'earned a subsistence, and the difficulty Avith him was how to do it. It was highly necessary that it should be clone. lie happened to have a few pounds in his purse, and a splendid gold watch in his fob, when immersed in Waterloo Lake, and on further examination ho found a valuable diamond pin in his cravat. These, if sold, would supply the demands on him for a short while, but as ho knew not how long he might require to trust to his own resources, he thought it would be wise to use the produce only for his necessities. He felt that it would be more desirable to earn something, not only for his own wants, but for those of the ladies who were so far thrown on his care. lie was a long time puzzled to think how this might be done. Various plans occurred to him, most of which were abandoned as impracticable almost as soon as formed. At length one bright idea struck him, and it appeared so feasible that he stuck to it. For years past he had been a most enthusiastic amateur photographer and ho thought that by buying the apparatus and all things necessary he might realise something by the art. With this view he sold his gold watch and diamond pin, and bought the requisite instruments and chemicals. Tho only question now was where to go to put the experiment to the test. A very short consultation between William and himself made them fix on Manchester, and they at once removed thither and were fortunate in finding an empty house. William Sime at once got employment in a watchmaking establishment ; and Albert, under the designation of Monsieur La Fevrc, commenced business as a photographer. He succeeded admirably, and was largely patronised—Harry being a most efficient assistant to him. In his leisure hours he wrought at an oil painting, which he thought of sending to the next Exhibition— taking for his subject the incident on the Lake when ho nearly became the victim of Walsh. At this painting he was labouring, with Harry as his delighted helper, when Neliv demanded his aid. For the few weeks in which they had lived in this secluded manner in Manchester they had been very comfortable and happy, often wondering among themselves how Nelly would be getting on with her master, and what v. ou'id be he r conjectures as to the nonappearance of 1): l-.orah in Woodhouse-ln.no with' news of Harry. Frequently they -. of communicating with her, but the thougl; risk th y thereby ran of b-f raying to their j enemies'ihe place of their retreat, kept them fiih'i-i. Initio did th-y dream that the subject of their solicitude v. as confined at a few rooms' distance from them under the gaolership of "Walsh. Her singular and unexpected appearancc among them wa* bailed with extreme satisonly escaped from the faction. She had r.o camp of the enemy, but s came laden with all their secrets. Nel'y's esca.jr rould bring matters to an issue ; and Albert Clayton, who felt that with him lay the duty of taking action, was puzzled how to proceed. I he situation was a very critical one. Lauv Clayton and Chipps would fight, the battle U:isi rupvvtisly, and with the fiercest (teterminatios.. He was likewise aware that they tad A wi.vtaiu advantage ou their r'dc, iuaa- much as they would compel him to prove, first of all, Harry's identity, and then his legitimacy —two "things ditlieult, at it'll times, and doubly so here on account of the private manner in which his parents had been married. The chief witness to both matters was Deborah Dickson. Pondering over these things, Albert Clayton at length came to a resolution which gave him great relief. He resolved to consult his father'H former solicitor—Mr. Ball whom Lady Clayton had dismissed when she came into power, and put the management into the hands of Chipps. He would call upon him :md lay before him nil the information of which he was himself possessed. j Tor the present, however, he decided to do ; and say nothing till an issue was reached in j the illness of "Walsh. The latter still lay I delirious under his violent fever his wife and ! M argaret watching closely beside him. Not- j withstanding his cruelty, his neglect, and injustice, that patient., 'loving wife tended his sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his burning brow as he lay unconscious of everything but his suffering, and striving to do hern I most to alleviate his pain. In this merciful and loving ministration she was zealously assisted by Margaret, who likewise forgot her loathing- and hatred of tho man who would have blasted her life and consigned her to niis- ry. In his helplessness Ond aflliet ion she was ready to return good for evil, and day and night remained by his couch, rendering him attentions which could not liav n excelled by a daughter's aflee- tion. ( ):' ':' - mall v D-he ih, and Mrs. Sime and W im, ir i Vlberfc Clayton, visited th em, tie rh the lat tor cared not to ap- B n the sudor! Vs sight lost he might rebe filled with increased e him, and horror at humlditi: g what he could only conif the murdered victim, it v s V, a'sh lay unconscious of tic fever, his natural id the vigour of his con- ru rged s l i- st i t ution s 1 thoughth, he e.-re-.v w gtli a a in in X him under its severity, r. tehr rs could see that every day Tim doctor who was called in did his utmost to chock the disease, but his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on a mild .March ftornoon, as his wife and Margaret sat s his breathing", soft, low and r. nf in the room listening to deh had for some time been alar, he stirred slightly, and when they loo d they saw him open his eyes and gaz< at them with intelligence, The vvil 1 bla/il 0" Ih ght of insanity was gone, bl had h ft, liis face, and a bis feat 111-os. !y at ho! h of tliem for a ids ey, s wand-!-, d round 1 his countenance mani- fe-d a plao, lions' •.'" he said, this we are n a, low ' iu? Thi ace, '' w lat is not our >, .Tame,- gently answered. " Do you fi d vours now : Better:' rep, ated. "what's the matter with " You hav n very ill." Ne-^ense. I have had but a long'- sie"p, t oa' is all. I. must rise now." He tried to im, to his surprise found he could u lift; his hand to his head. 11.is lift •a san told him what she said was true. " I have been ill, ha I r" he muttered. "I thought it was just a long b: a dream, What has been the matter with me, and where are we ? At. Iveighley's ?"' " No, James," she replied. "We arc Manchester." " Manchester?" he repeated, gazing at her in astonishment. " What are wo doing in Manchester ? Ah, wait a bit.," he suddenly added, my head is strangely confused, but it is getting clearer." He lay for some time in deep reflection, which they did not care to interrupt. Evidently the recent past was coming to his remembrance. "I recollect all now," he said; "but where is the girl—she was with mo when I was tak"n ill." Mrs. Walsh replied by narrating the particulars of Nelly's fiight, and how both she and himself had changed quarters. " And that was last, night," he said. " Oh, dear, no, James. It was three weeks ago. You have been delirious nil the time, and "Margaret and I have watched over you." lie fixed upon her a look of intense astonishment. " But how do you happen to be here ?" he asked after considerable pause. " "We did not think it right to remain in Leeds after—after yon night," she replied, striving to infuse no reproach into her tone, " and we came here, and have been here ever since ; but, James, I think you should not speak any more now—you are very weak, and require repose." lie gave her another peculiar glance, and a blush of shame glowed for a moment on his face. " I believe you are right, wife," he said ; "but I suppose it is all up now with Chipps i and Lady Clayton. The girl would go right off and tell the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer, I expect is in prison, and I will be taken there as soon as I can be moved. It is very kind of you, Mary," he added, bitterly, " very kind of you to preserve me from the gallows." " Ilus'n, .Tames, do not speak so," she answered. "Nelly is in this house—she has never left it, and has told nothing except to us." " Ha, you are—you must bo deceiving me. The girl would take the first opportunity to bo off to Leeds." " Indeed. James, I am not deceiving you," said his wife, earnestly. "What I sav is true ?rv worst and you know I never told a lie.' 1 "No," returned Walsh, slowly ; tho girl bo here, I must see her. then be satisfied. but it I shall " I will bring her," said Margaret, rising and leaving the room. In a few minutes she returned, accompanied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and said she was glad to know he was somewhat better. " You have not been to Leeds?" he said. "I have not," she replied. "No one there, r.o one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise not to do oi sav anything in the matter at present." This assurance seemed to satisfy "Walsh, for he t urned bis head to the other side of the bed. and immediately sank into a deep sleep. For many days after this he lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, but very weak—helpless almost as a child. Patiently and unweariedly his wife tended him all the while, doing her utmost to promote his comfort and restore his strength. He received her attentions in silence, but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if enk t t m t t w s l d n o y h o B , • j t ! | ' during mental suffering; and this he was j silently experiencing to a great extent. Laid i upon that bed of sickness, and unable to | chase away reflection from his mind his wasted life presented itself before him in all its hideous deformity. First of all, he thought, how little be deserved such kindness at, the hands of his wife. Justly might sho have left him to himself in liis agony and helplessness, for he was aware how utterly he had crushed out of her bosom the love she had once borne him, and how completely ho had placed himself beyond the pale of her ympathv. Yet here she was a close attenlant by his sick bed, watching him with the most tender solicitude, ^ smoothing ^ his _ pillow ^ ; j gently, anticipating his wants, and sup- j plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him to the heart. It was lieaping coals of fire on his head, and no more effectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpability. "What is there on earth more terrible to endure than the pangs of remorse ! Oh, it js a ft read ful realisation when tho soul, decpstained with sin and crime, hocomos conscious of its guilt, and aoes t&at; guilt is tho light of moral truth. Then there ia nothing but; a fearful looking for of judgment and fiorv indignat.ion. But this is not all—this is not the worst; tho judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it, there is something like the satisfying,sense, of making atonement ; but joined to this there is an aching void of regret ami self-reproach, which fills the soul with sorrow too heavy to sustain. Walsh felt this in all its horror, for ho thought of the time when first he folded his youthful, blooming Mary to his heart, and whispered to her words of love. What .suffering had he brought, upon her, and how diiiVront it might, huvo Wn ! But now—now he v.'as the worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined i'or eternity. lor days (hose awful thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained, and in very desperation ho gave expression to them. Ir was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought ho was sleeping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look up she saw a strange and unexpected sight. Her husband was not sleeping, as she had supposed—he lay gazing intently upon her, and an unshod teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that 6ho could only sit and look at him. " Mary," said he, " how is it that you and h-'ivo been so kind to me in my illness, though I have used you both so ill, and vou knowthat, I committed the v. orst of crimes " Because we bear no malice, James," answered his wife. " This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as we have done, and our blessed .Saviour set us the glorious example. Your conduct has grieved us—deeply grieved us-- but our 'codings are more those of sorrow than of am:' •r. We bitterly lamoubut most of all for your ted your wickedness, own sake." "And yet, Mary,' groaned Walsh, in ft tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, " you h ivo cause to hate me as badly as woman over hated man. Don't vou remomhor when I wooed and won you in the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish vou through life: It; was then that, believing my fair promises, you confidently laid your head upon my shoulder and gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that. Mary'r" "Yes, James, I remember well," sobbed the wife, through fast rising tears. " Many years have passed *incr» then what have thev brought to vou? Miser wretchedness, and woe. Here I lie this evening, all that, is vile, and with the damning weight of human blood upon my soul; and there you si', a wronged and betrayed wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have thought of this as I never thought of it before. tore Not till I lay in my helplessness, and saw you watching devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream—would that I could live my life over again. But; ihe wish is in vain. I am lost, ,-iecurse.], and self-damned." " Hush, James ; do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. "This blessed book tells us tliereis hope for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been pardoned. and " " That is not, cannot be true," interrupted Walsh, hastily. " A more wicked man than me never lived. No rop'nitanoe can save me. One deed I have done which shuts the door of hope against me. I am a murderer." Mrs. AValsh was silent. Sho was sure he was alluding- to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him —at least before she had taken counsel of others. " I can make no atonement for my deeds," continued the remorseful man: but at least for the murder I can die. If I recover from the illness, it. will only be to give mvself up to justice, confess tho crime, and suffer for it." His wife rose great agitation, and with a bursting heart, proceeded towards the door. "Don't leave me, Mary," pleaded Walsh. " I will return immediately," she answered, and vanished she spoke. She was gone for some little time, when she again entered the room, and taking a seat by tho bed, laid her hand on tho sick man's arm. " James," she said in a solemn, impressive tone, " you were indeed guilty of an awful crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. So far as your intention and belief went, you there foully murdered Albert Clayton." "I did—I did," groaned Walsh, hidiag his face with one hand. " But," continued his wife, " I have strange news to tell vou. A merciful Providence interposed to prevent the deed being actually committed." ITe suddctdy took awav his hand and regarded her with a look of amazing inquiry. "Yes, it i.s as I say. A youthful pair, walking that night near the spot heard the youth's cries. They had taken shelter behind a tree, and you passed close by them, though you did not see them. They, however, saw and recognised you. When you had disappeared on the road, they ran with all speed to the edge of the lake and saw tho young man rise to the surface. At great risk the youth made his way to where he was floating and rescued him." " Mary, you arc mocking me," erie<3 Walsh., starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. | "No, James; what I state is a solemr truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. He if at this momerxt alive and well, and liif I rescuers were Margaret and William Sime, I her lover." "Alive—Albert Clayton alive!" he repeated. with quivering lips, whilst his bosoro heaved to bursting. " It is false—it is a delusion ! I will not believe it." "Will you believe tho evidence of youi own eyes, then?" cried a cheerful voice, and at tho same moment Albert Clayton entered tho room, dressed exactly as he had been when, accompanied by Walsh, he went to the | Park.' Walsh stared at him in bewildered and horrified astonishment. " Come, feel me," said Albert, as, with a smile on his frank, handsome face, he approached the bed; "feel me and convince j yourself that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn't mean to let any of you now—at least at present—that I am still in he land of the living; but as Mrs. Walsh h ells me you are full of repentance and roorse on account of my supposed death, I i hought I would case your mind a bit bv leting you know tho truth. I don't think you ill make a bad use of the knowledge." " Thank God your blood does not lie on my oul," gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of reief. " I feel some hope now. I may abanon my wicked life and reform." " That's right," returned Albert. "It's ot the thing for a "?ellow like you, who was ne* sn Sorest, r.ghthearted man, to give ourself up to vifiainous courses. You have better stuff in you, and I am sure of it. You ave the making of a noble fellow, if you will nly shake off the connection with Chipps, ob Preston, and Lady Clayton, who are bad to tho core, everyone of them. Now, what j say you ? Will you henceforth stick to [ ruth, and do the right thing, and we'll ' stand by you, and ere long you will recover your self-respect, and be happy yet with youv angel of a wife?" "God bless you, sir!" exclaimed Walsh, after a violent struggle with his emotion. " Heaven help me, I will do as you say. Mary, will you—can you forgive me ?" " Gladly, James—joyfully." Chapter THE DEATH OF n i l WALSH. Wonderful and blessed is the power of kindness, in its very gentleness and unobtrusivcncss lies its strength—a strength far mightier than any violence or apparent force can oxer ci.-e. Before it the stubborn will, the hardest heart, the most abandoned nature has been subdued, melted, and overcome. By it, when all else lias failed, the conscience has been reached and smitten into contrition, the sincrusted soul has been pierced into bitter repentance, the withered and scorched affections have been made to gush out in their old channel, and an entire change has passed upon the whole thing. Let this mighty potent power of kindness live and flourish in the world. "While it is the mightiest of forces it can be wielded by the weakest hand. The meok and delicate -woman can cause it to put ' forth its strongest influence ; it arms her with 1 an irresistible might, and invests her with a holy sovereignty. Not in tho earthquake of ' passionate reproach, not in the tire of ficroo . invective, hut in tho still small voice of lovs, in love's quiet acts of devotion are to bo i found the strongest, forces of human agency capable of turning the most wicked hearts and renewing the basest nature. And never was its amazing power mora signally manifested than in the case of Jim Walsh. For many long years he had lived in hardened depravity. Having severed all ties between himself and virtue, bis nature was brutalised, his conscience utterly dead, his moral sense defaced, and his religious impressions obliterated. He was restrained by nothing but the consequences of human detection, no consideration of affection or gratitude could move him ; ho lived and acted in utter disregard of thoso around him, or connected with him, wronging and injuring them without compunction, for the sake of what he conceived to be his own selfish interests. This was a state of hardened wickedness and moral abandonment which no remonstrance OT expostulation or threatening could prevail against; yot kindness suddenly broke the flinty rook, and softened and subdued its stubbornness. His thoughts, feelings and desires were now totally changed towards his late victims. Not for worlds would he now act against them in tho interest of Chipps and Lady Clayton. On the contrary, he felt an ardent desire to baffle theso plotters, and render justice to those whom tliev had sought so fouily to defraud. As yet be it remarked no higher motive animated him. The change of feeling was so marked and thorough that none around him doubted it. So well convinced were they of it that they freely trusted him, and conversed freely with him on all the matters. On two points they gave him information which was new, and which greatly interested him. lie had been kept entirely in the dark as regarded Harry. He knew quite well that Chipps had a peculiar interest in getting back the boy who had run away from him, and whom ho had been commissioned to trace and recover, but he did not suspect he was the only child of Sir Humphrey's eldest son, and therefore the true heir of the estate. The other point in which ho was enlightened regarded Nelly, and the trick which Chipps had played Bob in giving him a copy of the will only, and retaining tho original in the cabinet. Once, when Nelly was alone with him, ho ques- ! tioned her particularly as to the place in the room where this cabinet stood, and the mannor in ' ^hich the lawyer touched the secret • 6 P r i n £f "which gave access to tho private ; drawer in which ehe had seen him deposit tho .document. Nelly answered as well as she was a1) 1 and 110 l °' a 7 anci pondered deeply on , her replies. : Walsh was not able in return to give them any now intelligence, so well did they already know the secrets of her ladyship and her lawyer ; hut ho was able to confirm the idea that, Margaret was Sir Humphrey's daughter, and this he did frankly and positively. lie had removed her when an infant from Clayton, at the instigation of Chipps, and was able to do it without suspicion, inasmuch at the very time he had an infant daughter who died, and by dressing the little body in tho clothes worn by Sir Humphrey's infant child, it was supposed to bo the latter. Amelia Saughton, the present Lady Clayton, who was then the artful companion of Sir Humphrey's second wifo, and already aspired to be lier successor, managed to drug the drink of the nurse who had charge of the baby, and while she lay insensible the change was effected and the dead child placed under her to cause the supposition that she had overlaid it It was found, and the death so accounted for, and the poor deluded mother, then herself hastening'- to the tomb, kissed the cold pale lips of the infant, believing that it was the corpse of her own little Margaret. In a few days she died, and the infant of "Walsh and the second Lady Clayton were laid in one grave, the grieved but deluded baronet believing that the dark receptacle received both his wife, and child. Matters being thus adjusted and explained between Walsh and his late victims, the former began gradually to recover his strength. The process of convalescence was a slow one, for the fever had been fierce and wasting, but under the tender nursing of his now happy wife, and the less cutting feelings of his conscience, ho perceptibly improved, and the time came when ho could rise for a few hours every day. One morning when Mrs. Walsh went into his room, she was amazed to find it empty. Jim was not in bed as usual, and his clothes were gone. In dismay and consternation, she ran and acquainted the others with the discovery. They could not. believe it, thought she must have overlooked him, and ran in a body to the chamber. True enough, it was empty, and the bed had not much appearance of having been used on the previous night. They ran to the door which opened into the close, and found it on the latch. William Sime declared that he had locked it the night before, and loft the key on the inside ; clearly therefore Walsh had departed, and by the door he had made his exit. They looked at each other in blank and ?ilent astonishment. Deborah was the first to speak, and in indignant agitation she exclaimed that Walsh had gone away to betray them—that his sorrow and contrition was all a pretence, and that now their enemies would resume their machinations against them. William Sime echoed the same opinion. So did Nelly, and even Mrs. Walsh, with tears a.nd sobs, shook her head and feared it must be so. (TO EE CONTINUED.) DOCTOR : " "Why, Pat, you ought to know better than have the pigs so close to the house." Pat: " An' phwy not, sorr" Doctor: "It's unhealthy." Pat: "Unhealthy is it. An' the pigs never been iil a day in their loife. Be away "^id your nonsinse." An amateur reporter, in describing the murder of a man named Jorkins, said: "Tho murderer was evidently in quest of money; but luckily Mr. Jorkins had doposited all his funds in the bank the clay before, so that he lost nothing but his life. A MAX being written to by a friend to buy im some books, forgot nil about the matter till he accidentally met his friend, and then, n his confusion, he " set matters straight " by nonchalantly remarking : " By the way, I never got that letter you wrote about those books." AITECTIOXATS WIFE (to her fault- finding husband) : "John, dear, would you like to he cremated when you die?" Husband " Who talks about dying ! But I'll be calm, Euphemia, and say : No cremation for me. Put, me on ice. I've had and always shall have a hot enough time of it while alive." CLAIU : "Why, Tony, do you have that dirty candle up there?" Tony: "Well, the electric light is, they say, equal to sixteen candles, but you have no idea of the difference the seventeenth makes." THE man who robs a clothes-line is not necessarily a laundryman, but lie generally "takes in" washing, and is likely to be " ironed " if he is caught. CUTTING.—At a hall a girl said to her part - ner, who was a very poor dancer : "Do you like waltzing ?" " I adore it," he replied. " Then why did you never learn ?" she inquired. "Is anybody waiting on you? said a polite salesman to a young lady om tho iountry. " Yes, sir," replied the blushing damsel. " That'sniv young man outside ; ho wouldn't ,:omc into the shop.' A LITTLE GIRL went visiting one day, and iiftcr a time was given the album of family photographs to look at. She turned the leaves over carefully, and pretty soon closed the book. " Well,'dear," asked hostess, " did you look at tho album ?" "Oil, yes," answered the little maid, brightiv ; " and we've got one at home ex. actly liko it, only the pictures are prettier 