[?] HER MAJESTY'S— ' TO THE WEST.' Since wp last wrote Messrs. Kenneth Maokay and Alfred Dampier's new drama, 'To the West,'' has been greatly improved. It is a pity it was started upon its career before all was quite ready, but still that can not be helped now. With everything in good working order the drama now commences eaoh evening at 7.45, and is over well before 11, so briskly and smoothljr ia it presented. The various stirring inoidents, especially the escape from Fremantle Gaol, that wherein the polioe are baffled by Geebung, who Eidroitly unfastens their saddlo girths, the sensational explosion in the mine, and others too numerous to detail, nightly stir up the audience to prodigious applause,- and bo a popular suooess has been scored. Of its kind, 'To the West' is a good workable play, and it owes not a little of its success to tha indefatigable efforts of the company with whom Mr. Dampier, who splendidly pourtraya the central figure Himself, is associated. The joint lessees of Her Majesty's appear to advantage — Mrs. Mar shall in a part that suits her well, and Mr. Alfred Woods as tho blaok boy Geebung — a oharactor that ho has made a completo study of. Thon come Miss Lily Dampier, always seen to advantage in parts that demand skilled horsemanship ; Mr. Rolfo, Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan — that fine veteran actor, who never appears to grow oldor ; Mr. Tolano, Mr. R. E. Watson, Mr. Hodson, Miss Julia Merton, and a, host of others. ' To the West ' appears in for a good run. Last night the drama- went with a refreshing swing, and highly pleased a largo audience. \ « * e THE ROYAL—' THE WORK GIRL.' The last five nights of that exceedingly successful drama, ' The Work ? Girl,'-' are announood at the Royal, and on Saturday next Mr. C. B. Westmacott will present a brand new play in ' Tho Enemy's Camp.'' From all accounts, this pieoo is going to prove a sensation, for it is full of dramatic incident, and one realistic tableau is said to be ono of the most daring feats attempted on tho local stage. Herein we shall Bee the hero attempting escape from his enemies by means of a rope bridge over a chasm, which the villain severs by a stroke of his sword, send ing, as he believes, the unfortunate man to oertain death. In a miraculous manner the hero escapes, however. The piece is a mili tary one, and its action takes place in Chili during a recent insurrection. The hero is a young Englishman who holds a commission in the Chilian Naval Reserve, and the heroine is the daughter of a general in the Chilian army, who, through betraying his trust, is in the power of his secretary. A great feature will be a serios of fencing bouts between the heroine and tho mis tress of the villain, who twice fight with foils for the champiouship of Chili, and after wards meet in deadly combat with broad swords.. The ladies, who, wo hear, display brilliant feats of swordsmanship — or should it be swordsworrianship ? — have for some time past been ooaohed by ProfeBsot Schuoh, late maitre. d'armes to the Emperor of Austria, and now resident in Sydney. Tho comedy element will be supplied by Mr. Westmacott as an eccentric young curate, Mr. Sweeney, Miss Minna Phillips, and Miss Florrie Forc^ei who appears in the camp revels and sings dashing songs. Mr. B'runton has painted entirely new and effeotive scenery, and every thing is to be of the best. In the moan while 'The Work Girl' holds sway, and it moat certainly should be Been. * - * * THE TIVOLI. This theatre was unusually well filled last night, for even standing room was exceed ingly hard to obtain. As regards the enter tainment, despite the fact, that there was nothing particularly new, yot every artist put in good work, and the applause through out the evening was both frequent and demon strative. Miss Alioe Leainar met with a splendid- rioeption, aud the .wonderful change of style this little lady is capable of offeoting stamps her as an artist of the first water. She was encored time aud again last night, aud in all gave four songs and two dances. Mr. J. W. Winton made his vontriloquial act fully amusing as usual, and tho Cosman Couple, and the Crossley Sisters did well in their respective lines. MessrB. Chas. Faning and Frank Yorke were noticeable for good work on the corners in the first part, and each appeared in the second part iu specialty turns. Miss Daisy Chard also fur nished serio-comic songs, &o.;, in each part of the entertainment, and remains as great a favorite at this house as ever. Little Miss Alma Grey, the baby wonder, was excellent in her song aud danoe, and tho mite waB very warmly applauded. ' Miss Ada Baker and Miss B. Sainton gave finished renderings respectively of 'I Can't Believe Her Faithless ' and 'Daddy,' and Mr. W. D'Eusem, who has just returned to this hall, aud now acts as interlocutor, aud Mr. Wal lace King were successful in pleasiug the house with their songs. Next Tuesday evon ing a host of new and returned artists will appear, and th9 entertainment will then be considerably improved. # # ' ; » L5TCEUM THEATRE. The Brougb- Boucicault Company concluded a successful season at tho Lyceum on Thurs day, and. left by* Friday's express for Mel bourne, whorp they opened last night at tho Princess's in ' The Notorious Sirs. Ebb smith.' The Lyceum remained closed ou X'tlUllJ umuiui.;. oiouiuj the Royal Comic Opera Company re-appear at this house in Gilbert and Sullivan's opera, ' The Yeoman of the Guard,' which will be revived for five nights only, with Mr. Courtice Pounds — his first appearance in Sydney — as Colonel Fairfax, Miss Flora Graupner (whom we have not scan for somo years) as Elsio Maynard, Mr. P. Bathurst as Sir Richard Chohnondcley, und the cast otherwise much the same as when the opera waB last seen here. On Saturday next 'The Gondoliers' will be reproduced, with Mr. Pounds as Marco, whilst on Wednesday weok we are promised ' iVla Mie Rosette,' with tho new tenor as Vincent. Afterwards we are to be given ' La Belle Therese' and 'Miss Deoima,' operas entirely now to Syduey. The box-plan is at Nicholson's, and Anthony Hordern'B, Haymarket. o o . a CRITERION—' MIXED.' Waltor Craven's farcical comedy, ' Mixed,' is each succeeding night drawing inoreased audiences tp the Criterion, which proves that the revival is steadily winning its way in publio favor. Mr. Wilfred Shine as George Selwyn, and Mr. Ralph Roberts as Bosco Blithers, have to bear the brunt of tho fun making, and they score well, but a word of praise must also be awarded to Mr. Henry as Fred Singleton, 'Mr. Dunbar as the amorous young Frenchman, and Mr. John Drisooll Foley as the Irish valet, whilst the ladies work hard and assist in the general, success obtained. The farce is Bide-splitting, and tho general publio begin to realise that it is smartly played at the Criterion. Everyone wishes the veteran manager, Mr. W. J. Wilson, a dice of good luck, and thoy oan help him along by dropping into the oooy Cri. o o e SYDNEY MUSIC HALL. Although tho weather was against a full house, Mr. Lawler's Hall was well patronised last night, and the programme, whioh was Strong in the variety line, was quite up to exnsotationsi Young Monty BrowDo. who I created a favorable impression on his firBt appearance, quite upheld it by his songs in each part. He has a fine fresh voice of more than usual power, and was enthusiastically encored for ' You'd Better Stay at Home.' Miss Tennyson was effective in the serpen tine dance, and would have been much more so if tho light had been better arranged. Mr. A. Kilgour danced the Bword dance in costume with much skill, and also the sailor's hornpipe ; Professor Bax gave a clever exposition of olub swinging, and the Connor Brothers were pleasing in a smart eccentric acrobatio aot. Miss Meritt, Miss Sedohr, MissHosvard, Miss Rosolle, and Mr. Edmonds ako assisted ? ? J i.1.. ? ? 3 ? ? t __i. ? TJ ? ? ? iluu mu wma-up was ueuwueu xtuioaaur Williams and his boxing kangaroo. o & , o OPERA HOUSE— THE COGILLS. The Opera House is to be re-opened on Saturday next by the well-known Cogdl J Bros., who have not been seen in Sydney for some little time now. The old house is in good order, aud everything points to the brothers getting a share of tho patronage of Sydnoy theatre frequenters. So far as we know, the Cogills will be tho chief corner men, whilst as the services of Harry Fitz maurice — also a favoritO in Sydney — have been secured, presumably he, in addition to singing, will occupy the interlocutor's chair. The Cogills. are getting together a capable and lengthy array of talent, aud moan to leave no stono unturned to make things hum. « o « COOGEE AQUARIUM. For this afternoon at 4 o'clock Mr. Larmour has prepared a programme for his patrons tllat ought to draw a full house. There is to be on exhibition tho fighting kangaroo. Then there is to bo vontriloquist H. B. Barton, Messrs. Jim Mooney aud Prank Hymau, Miss Alice aud Frank Maher (clever artists from India), and Mr. Fred Norris, who is very entertain ing. Mr. Henry Hawkins is tho musical conductor, and tho full programme is given, wet or fine. The Aquarium is becoming very popular for Bocials and balls. Tho dance on Wednesday evenings is a regular institution, and Mr. Larmour's presence is a guarantee that visitors will always find themselves in good oompany. The swimming baths, always attractive looking, are well patronised. ? w * TTJT? IT (ID A HT A xuu v x v/jjv xiaiii The splendid representation of Jerusalem, the Holy City, with its marble palaces and immense battlements and its towering walls completely surrounding it, seems still to be gaining ground in popularity rather than waning, as might have been expeoted. Saturday iB always a busy day, es pecially iu the afternoon, when, after the full musical lecture (at 3 o'clock) tho youngsters enjoy the skipping, target-shooting and other contests on tho lawn. On Wednes day last the manager invited all the childron from the Deaf and Dumb Institution (New town-road), and between the surprise at the remarkable scene of the Cycioram'a itself, the fun providod for them on the lawn, aud tho compliment paid them by the manager for their exemplary conduct, they left delighted. 9 » # Harry Rickards arrived from Melbourne by yesterday's express. Ada Baker goes to Brisbane for Harry Rickards' season in that city. The fair Ada, although she has never yet appeared before a Brisbane audience, is suro to catch on. 'Robinson Crusoe' completed a week's run at the Newcastle Viotoria Theatre yester day. Last night's rain did not materially affeot tho houses. The Royal, Her Majesty's, and the Criterion were all well patronised, whilst at the Tivoli money had to bo turned away. In ' The Enemy's Camp,' the coming pro duction at the Royal, the Misses Harrio Ireland and Fitzuiaurice-Gill fight ' with rapiers and broadswords, Iu addition there is to be a double execution, a railway smaBh, and a big rope bridge scene, and othor sen sations. ' M'Ginty ' arrived yesterday at the Tivoli straight from the North Pole. Winton is alwayB up to date. Miss Nellie Mortyne has arrived safely in London. Tho Tambo, with the Royal Comic Opera Company on board, is due some time to-day from Hobart. Joe Tolano was specially engaged at Her Majesty's to play the part of a conviot in the Fremantle gaol scene in ' To tho West.' Joe is immense in suoh parts. Pollard'R Liliputians on arrival in Auckland went straight on to the Thames and played a short Beason thoro. They are now in Auckland, having opened there last Wednesday. It would be hard to find a more popular manager with his company than Charlie Westmacott. Ask any of them, and tbe answer is always tho same. PleaBant,. truly. Our old friend John Coleman re-appears at the Tivoli ou Tuesday next, and La Belle Maie, another of Harry ltiokarda' importa tions, on tiie same evening. The lady is a skirt-dancer and a slaok-wiro artiste. Miss Athena Claudius, for some time a member of George Rignold's Company at Her Majesty's, is off to London to-morrow. Rumor has it that the pretty and clever little lady is going homo to be married. Lucia Harwood is shortly returning to Lon don from Calcutta. Tommy Hudson at latest was giving the Calcutta people ' Cin derella' an'd ' Muldoon'B Picnic,' with Harry Shine in the principal part. Cyrii Keigbtley left for Melbourne on Friday, aud will play tho Rev. Amos Winter field (in the hands of Air. Brough here) in ' The Notorious Mrs. Ebbsmith,' at the Princess's. Afterwards he joins ' The Laud of the Moa' Company. Amongst recent London music-hall sensa tions are performing geese, performing parrotB, and a man who proposes to swallow fourteen bayonet Bwords at ono swallow. What next? Somo weeks ago we mentioned that Sarah Bernhardt was meditating a floating theatre. It is said that she has planned a beautiful yacht, the saloon of which will contain a theatre. She thinks of making her first tour to India next Autumn, and a second one pos sibly in the Winter to Australia. Vontriloquist Winton had ready prepared a good bit of biz about M'Ginty aud a Chowder Bay shark, but being under marohing orders for Brisbane, could not get it off his oxpansive shirt-front. The little man is sure to wake them up in Bananaland. His turn iB real smart. Says the Now Zealand Observer of 8th inst. ; — Miss Cicely Staunton, Auckland's sweetest cantatrice, intends to leave with her babe next week for Gormany, whore it ia her purpose to complete her musical studies. Wo wish her ' god-speod,' and all the luck that can possibly attend her. Mr. David Cope, jun., is getting along with Olio ujyuuuj auiawui vypun* vjuiupnu^, a. LIU already has a number of amateurs enrolled. Madam Duvalli will superintend the dancing classes and Mr. Harry Loston will stage manage. It is intended to taokle grand as woll as light opera, and periodically eugago any available theatre. In these days of benefits, often to success ful peoplo, we would' like to bring a case under the notice of our theatre-loving citizens in which somothiug might be done with advantage. At the present moment wo have amongst us an old-time actress who is in Btraitened oircumstances whoso case might, with advantage, be taken up by those who are usually associated with benefits in this city. We allude to Mrs. D'Arcy Road, an old associate of G. V. Brooke — she played Desdemona to his Othello at the Queen's Theatre, Manohooter, juBt before he sailed in the ill-fated London — Walter Montgomery, the Vanderhoffs, and others. Here Mrs. Read has appeared with advantage in many parts with Messrs. Williamson, Garner aud Musgrove (when 'the firm ' was so desig nated), Mr. Charlos Warner, Messrs. Brough and Bouoicault, and many others, not for getting our old friondy Mr. Dan Barry, with whom she played ' for three years in Melbourne. Mrs. Road la3t appeared in Sydney with the Dacres during their eight nights' season at tho Criterion, and this iB tho only engagement she has had iu s^ven months. Since she arrived in Australia seven teen years ago (with D'Arcy Read's ' Ghost ' entertainment) she has done muoh good work, and surely, now ahe is in poor oiroumstances, something oan be done. Perhaps Bome manager haa a vacancy in his oompany ; any how, we have made her oase known, and hope to hear of something turning, up. _ It is not widely known that Mr. Gladstone, whon a young man, wroto a tragedy. It is written in blank verse, of the classic mould, and contains a number of set speeches on the Shakespearean' model. He onoe read a part of it to Mrs. Langtry. ? We are I informed by the popular secretary of the Balmain Premier Coldstream' Band, Mr. Fred Witton, that they intend running a first-class string band in connection therewith during the Winter season. As the band is popular the new departure should prove suc cessful during the dancing season. According to an American exchange Robert Downing is negotiating with James C. Wil liamson for an engagement in Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Brisbane, and Ballarat next Summer. Mr. Downing's ante-Christmas engagement at the California Theatre, San Franoisoo, was ono of the most prosperous ever known in that oity. Philip Newbury, the well-known tenor, through his solioitors, Messrs. Adams and Kingdon, threatened the Nelson Colonist with an action for libel for comments passed upon his singing of ' The Death of Nelson' a few nights ago. The Colonist published the solicitors' lettor, with a denial that the notice of the concert was penned in malice. The Commissioner of Police in London has issued an order to ' sandwichmen.' Its provisions may be thusly described : — ' All pictures, placards, and notices carried are to be written or printed on pasteboard or wood of not more than 32in in length and 22in in width, and they must be carried, not accord ing to tho comfort of the carrier, but ' in the manner approved by tho Commissioner.' Moreover, each sandwichman muBt be at least 30yds in front or in the roar of his com panions.'' A grand complimentary concert will be tendered iu the Royal Standard Theatre on Wednesday evening next to Mr. A. M. Francis, in recognition of hia courageous conduct (iu tho late assault upou Mr. Jas. Stedman), and for his kindly services in the cause of charity. A first-class programme has been drawn up. The concert is under the patronage, and will take' placo in the presenoe of, his Worship the Mayor. Otho Stuart, out here with Mrs. Bernard BeereJ is now in the English provinces with a ra-pertoire which, includes 'Fedora,' 'Tho Masqueraders,' ' London Assurance,' and ' Dr. Bill.' Miss Ada Ferrar is his leading lady. Commenting on the performance of ' Carmen ' (the drama) in New York, the 'npiWATrn ATT».wn» onva ,i4 TMia lengths to which the actress went in depicting the passion Carmen is supposed to feel for her various lovors approaohed in some instances tho ridiculous, and waa the cause of considerable laughter. In view of the number and duration of the kisses she bestows, it is not hard to understand why the three men who impersonate the parts of her lovers have clean-shaven upper lips. An ordinary moustache subject to such treat ment would soon be reduced to a shapeless hirsute mass. It is no exaggeration to assert that if Miss Nethersole were to reduce the duration of her kisses one-half, the performance would be over considerably more than a half-hour before midnight.' Tho New York correspondent of the London Stage, writing about 'An Artist's Model, says: — 'Miss Nellie Stewart, of Australia, has also made a distinct impression. The performance is criticised as a vehicle for pretty women aud handsome costumes rather than as a dramatic composition.' As will be seen in another part of this issue, the Bondi Aquarium re-opeuB to-day under the management of Mr. H. Lambert, who promises a bright, up-to-date entertain ment. Granted fine weather, there should be a good attendance. ' The Newtown Brass Band will play the following programme of music (under the oonductorship of Mr. T. Meilor) in Victoria Park this (Sunday) afternoon, in aid of Mr. H. Shaw, a momber of the Gympie Oddfellows' BrasH Band (Queensland), who was left iu the Syduey Hospital after attending tbe Wollon gong Band Contest: — Selection, 'Roberto II Diavolo ' (Meyerbeer); Air Vari6, ' Adeste Fidelos '(Round); selection, 'Schubert' (Schubert); selection, ' AnnaBolena' (Doni zetti); Air Vari6, 'Rousseau's Dream' (Round) ; ' God Save tho Queen.' Bandsmen Bhould roll up and givo the beneficiare a bumper. Band to meet at Newtown-bridge, 2.15 p.m. sharp, in uniform. A very pretty illusion is .on view at Pro fOssor Allen's, 594 Qoorge-street. It i3 called ' Lot's Wife,' and represents the conversion of that disobedient lady into a pillar of salt. Tho transformation ia remarkably well effooted, and so are the consequent changes into, successively, a statue, a vase of flowers, and a flower-wreath framing the head of Lot's Wifo. Tho materialisation follows, and the visitor ia introduced to the charming repre sentative of Lot's Wifo in the flesh. ' Nana' and ' Amphitrite' are also on view, Olga Nethersole contemplates a version of jLfumaa Jja Jrriucessa ue iiagnuau, auapieu by Clement Scott. Tho title role waa created in the French by Mdlle. Jane Hading. Harry Rickards intends to give Brisbane people a chance of seeing his new importations, aud on Saturday next he will commence a five weeks' season at tho lqcal Opera House with a Btrong array of talent. The ouly Harry will himself appear, supported by J. W. Winton, the strongest 'drawcard' in his company, the Sisters Crossley, Mario Hood, Daisy Chard, Florrie Esdaile, the Banvards, M'Kisson and Kearns, Joseph Robins, Wallace King, Clarence Lyndon, and little Alma Grey. Jack Leete has beon in Brisbane some few days fixing up affairs. Business ought to be brisk with this crowd on tap. ' Djin-Djin ' wound up its successful run at the Melbourne Princefls'a on Friday. ? * Two performances were given. * 0 Phil Green wood, who for a considerable time past has been associated with J. C. Williamson and Geo. Musgrove, is off to England with the Australian Eleven. 0 * Charles Godfrey ap pears to have oaught on strongly at the Mel bourne Opera House. * * Rev. Haskott Smith delivered two lectures in Melbourne yesterday. * * When the last mail left Christchuroh, N.Z.; Fitz-Gerald's Circus and Monagerie was doing grand business, as usual. * # Bland Holt opened in ChriBtchurch on the 4th in ' Saved ftom tho Sea,' aud followed it with ' The Fatal Card.' ° ' Wonder why these two big shows don't steer olear of one another. ° ° The death is aunounced of Ambroise Thomas, the eminent French musician and com poser. * * Dan Barry is still running 'The Sixth Commandment'' at the Melbourne Aloxandra Theatre. ' 8 Bland Holt ia re ported to havo had a groat soason in Welling ton, where peoplo rushed tho Opera House. ® ° Whan Fitz-Gorald Bros. Circus was in Wellington, Professor Peart did a 100ft dive off the yard-arin of a vessel in the harbor. ° w 'Tho Span of Life' has scored a big sucoess in Paris. ° # Geraldine Ollifie ia rapidly advancing in her profession in Loudou. # 0 We shall yet hear of her getting to tho top of tho tree. w ° Wilson Barrett's new drama, ' The Sign of the Cross,' is in ten Beetles and four acts. ° b It scored a sucoess in America, which it appears likely to repeat at the Loudon Lyric Theatre. ° ' Charles Glenney and Laurenoe Cautloy are in the cast of ' The Prisoner of Zenda,' the new romantic play (in a pro logue aud four acts), adapted from Anthony Hope's story by Edward Rose, now being played at tho St. James' Theatre, London. ® 9 Carl Hertz is appearing at Hammerstein's Olympia, New York, with his usual succass. Six thousand copies of F. A. Packor's new song ' Drifting Away' have been sold/' The aot drop for 'Djin Djin' will be a cloth of gold. For prioe for advertising on on same send to H. J. Samuell, Box 1077, G.P.O.' £435 in prizes, Amykos educational com petition. For circulars giving particulars ap ply to C. A. Falstedt, 87 Phillip-at., Sydney.0 g—nttBBtrm mi ni mrruAijr.nLT.'EiT.Ai. in.! iau 