New Story. To follow " The Disappearance of George Driffell" we have secured an exceptionally brilliant story by a new writer who has lately achieved con- sidera'ble'V.fairie rSas » a- V.novelist.; Mrr Perbjr^ Aridreae . is,: looked upon ;as • i one .of. the -■■■nioijt-' ■-Ppi'pfnislrig": of :-.< English authors,' and tlie're .is a general ; belief in; literary .'circles 7■that^hJe is" a.rcpming man.-' The niost- noticeable • feature'-of;' his new work,- ''The 'Vanished • Eiri-' peaior,"' .is its darihgr originality. The reader almost holds; his breath at the outset at the audacity of the writer who attempts to handle a plot which in the hands of nlne.ty-nlne out of,a hundred authors would lead to utter failure. The feeling", however, is turned to ad miration as the plot develops, and the masterly skill with which the bold idea is worked- out stamps its author as a bright and shining star in the literary firmament. That the expres sion of " daring originality" is not un warranted may be assumed from the fact that the central figure of the story is the present Emperor of Germany, very thinly disguised, if disguised at all. The Emperor Willibad disappears most mysteriously one day from his Court, and for two or three weeks the peace of Europe hangs in the balance in consequence. Whether the disap pearance is voluntary or the result of •foul play is a question that 'exercises all the Ingenuity- of the wisest men of the Continent to discover; and his re appearance .at a fateful r moment, un announced and • unattended, among the klngllngs of the Empire in conference assembled, is cleverly arranged. -•. The story throughout betrays an intimate acquaintance with the German capital, . and . with .European .politics generally, which is 'explained by the fact that; Mr; Andreae- spent seyeral years : in, -Ger many; getting - -thoroughly' permeaftecl with Teutonic . literature'"' aiiifr"scieWce:v Pubtiahlfig: his; portrait a few;.--weeks' ago as that'of a■' V'rising star," • the V Windsor Magazine" said :—" He.stud-•• fed.vat:, tb.e Hanover I^oly.technicum; and graduated -Ph.iD. and M.A.' In philology, at the University of Berlin. To the German 'Press lie contributed many articles, tout -finally he determined to carry on literary work in England. In 1894 'Stanhope of Chester : A. Mystery,'-. arid ' The' Mask and the Man* appeared,, and; were Immediately recognised as works of imusual power. '> Last : year ' The ■E?ignora' appeared, also ,w.ith sue-' cess; and shortly a new; story by Mr. Andreae, entitled 'The Vanished Emperor,-'- will be published.■„ He .has a most readable style, and /.elaborates his plots with great skill, as .was shown in. the ghost story with .which he ae cured- his flrst succesa.: -There- has not been in., recent years any /ghost story written 'with such ■ literary •.ability -as. Mr. vAndreae showed' in 'Stanhope of• Chester.'; It remains to be seen how:. far the brilliant young author will • a'd yance in other fields of fiction; and his subsequent- career will be watched, wlth eager expectationi'' ; - -•-■■- •-' >The first instalment of "The Vanished' Emperor" will appear in the "Queens lander" of Ist August. 