II. The woman was a clever, fascinating creature ; but I had formed this opinion of her : that she was possessed of a remarkably strong will, and could disguise her feelings at pleasure. The old lady and the girls were charming ; and, judging by two or three trifling circumstances, they were in some way under ' Madam's thumb.' A look from her dark blue eyes seemed to cow them ; while the old lady appeared nervously anxious to propitiate her in every way. I was glad, however, to find that the young Sydneyite, Joe Clemenshaw, was not so enthusiastic in his admiration of ' Aunty'—though, like myself, he admitted her exquisite beauty. Joe was a cool card, for a youngster, and inclined to be cynical ; he was of medium height, but had the limbs of a wrestler, and was by no means a bad looking fellow. His office chum, Tom Steinworth, was tall, fair, and slightly built, and his face was rather feminine. He was a most impressionable youth ; romantic, impulsive, warm hearted and, generally, just such a youngster as women like to have about them. And as I lay thinking over the events of the day, I bethought me that Tom and Hubert might, by some simple misunderstanding, become deadly enemies ; I resolved to get under weigh next morning. But my resolve was frustrated; for after breakfast Tom comes to me with beaming face and lays his hand on my shoulder. ' Captain,' says he, ' just a word. Do me the favor to break your word of this morning about proceeding up stream ; Mrs.——— has planned a picnic— and we must be in it. Say, old chap, that we stay here for another night.' I was an- noyed—but said I'd think over it. I walked down to the boat and began to overhaul the gear ; while doing so, up comes Hubert, looking quite sad—for a wonder, for he was generally the noisiest of the quartette. ' Say, boss ; I guess we can hang out here another day ?' ' We might—but why ?' ' Well, we can't be churlish to such kind, hospitable people—ladies, too. Mrs.——, the old lady, and the girls also—asked me if we would join them in a picnic to-day to some place a mile or so from here. A day won't matter to us, any way. Let's go with them. What say you, Joe ?' This to Clemenshaw, who had just sauntered up. He nodded to me. ' Just as he like's. He's skipper, and we all signed articles to abide by his word. What say you, Cap'en ?' Well, what could I say ? I couldn't find one reasonable objection ; and of course, ac- quiesced—with this condition imposed ; that we were to sail on the morrow. We went to the picnic ; some walking, others riding in the buggy and spring cart which conveyed the provisions, etc. The person who drove the spring cart was introduced to us for the first time as the old lady's son. He was a slim built, ordinary looking person, with a mean, ferret- like physiogomy, and reddish hair. He was rough and uncouth, and a clod in all his actions. Yet he was civil, though I noticed that he rarely spoke to his ' nieces,' and when he did it was in a harsh, surly manner. To Mrs—— he was most obsequious ; he waited on her like a slave ; and during the day when she was in her most joyous moods in the dance, rounders or other games, I noticed the man's small, ferret-like eyes following her every movement. All through the day the woman's smiles were—as far as it seemed to me,—all for Hubert and Tom, and it was difficult to say which was the most favoured. Of course she was pleasant enough to both Joe and myself, but her warmth was sub- dued. She scarcely noticed the old lady's son, whom we heard called ' Richard' ; but what relation they actually bore to each other it was difficult to say. Mrs—— was probably a widow—so Joe thought—yet she wore no wedding ring ; but what was the old lady to her ? and how came it that she, and not the old woman, was mistress ? and further, where did this evil visaged son come from ? He was not like his mother ; nor were the girls like her—while Mrs —— bore no resemblance to any of them. The two girls—called respectively Eva and Emily— called Mrs—— Aunty," and the old lady ' Grandma,' while ' Richard' was called ' Uncle' ; thus, one might well suppose that he and the ' Mistress' were cousins—and possibly, something else—betrothed, per- haps—it was hard to say. Whatever he was, she flouted him ; and whether he possessed any power over her or not, he did her bidding in everything in a most abject way. We spent a real pleasant day, and returned to the farm by another route. Passing by an old house, strongly built of squared stone, one of the girls sang out : ' Let us look at your old house, Aunty ? It won't take us long.' A withering glance met the girl's request. The old lady told the girl in a quiet way, that it was too late, and ' Richard whipped up the horse he was driving. But as Mrs—— was walking between Hubert and Tom and the latter expressed a wish to see the place, she called out to Richard to go on with his mother while she ' took the gentlemen over the ruins.' So Mrs——, the two girls, and we four, spent half an hour looking over what must be considered one of the Hawkesbury's most ancient build- ings. It was a fine old ruin—massively built, and in by no means a very bad condition —for several of the rooms were quite habitable. Again Eva got into trouble ; the girl was innocent—and honest to a fault. ' Would you think this old place was haunted ?' asked she of Tom, in a merry, laughing strain. Tom started. ' Haunted ! no—is it ?' Eva had caught her Aunt's eye and hesi- tated. ' So they say—but I suppose it is only a fancy people have.' ' What do you say Mrs—— ? asked Hubert,' ' you should know, if this was once your home ?' ' Well, they do say that it's haunted— though I don't believe it. I—a—however, wouldn't be afraid to spend the night here.' ' Nor I,' said Tom—with much warmth, I thought. ' Rather you than me,' said Hubert, shrugging his shoulders. ' I've no partiality for ghosts.' ' What say you, Skipper,' chimed in Joe, ' shall the four of us make a night of it in this old caboose ?' ' Leave me out, then,' said Hubert. ' And let me stay here by myself,' rejoined the Queenslander. ' O, no,' broke in Mrs.——, ' all of you are my guests, and I can not spare you to keep a lot of bats company. Come, let us hurry home ; it is getting dark. Girls, all this delay, and foolish talk about ghosts, is your fault.' And the woman's eyes blazed with suppressed anger. All the evening, notwithstanding Hubert's music, our glees and solos, and Joe's and Hubert's sparring at each other in a chaffing strain, there was a certain undefinable feel- ing of restraint. The girls retired early, and the old lady soon followed. Richard sat on the edge of a chair mute as a mouse, while the ' mistress' sat as stately as a queen, in her beauty, with just a perceptible frown upon her lovely features. Evidently a feel- ing of depression pervaded the party ; we were curious to know more about our hostess and her ' old home,' and she and Richard as firmly resolved to shunt inquiry. We spoke of sailing away on the morrow, and never a word was said against it, only that Mrs.——, while holding her hand in Hubert's and looking straight into his bright grey eyes, hoped that we wouldn't go early— not before they were up, however. As Skipper I promised that we would not. I thought Hubert held the widow's (for such I concluded she was) hand an unduly long time, while the red-headed man shifted uneasily, and Tom, with a petulant air of impatience, stood at the door-way urging us to go to bed. Richard's back was turned— just for a moment—and the woman's hand was lifted to Hubert's lips. Unhappily, Tom saw the act, and he pushed past Hubert— rather rudely I thought—and proffered his hand to her. She gave it to him with some hesitation ; he didn't kiss it, but put his face very close to hers ; he must have whispered something to her, for I noticed that her face flushed rosy red. We all went to our room together, and again the haunted house was discussed. Tom said he had a good mind to go and spend the night there. Joe suggested that we all go, after the family had got into a sound sleep, ' just for the fun of the thing.' Hubert would have ' none o' your ghosts,' while I advised all to get to sleep in order to be up early and ready for a start after break- fast. I lay awake some time ; but feeling thor- oughly tired, and the night being calm and warm, I fell sleep, believing that I was the last to close my eyes. I was awakened by a crash of thunder and a gust of wind, which blew the swinging casement open. A storm had come up suddenly, and large drops of rain were falling. Presently the room was lit up with a flash of lightning, and two voices asked how long the storm had been raging ? The voices belonged to Hubert and Joe. Not hearing Tom's voice, I enquired of Joe whether he was still asleep, for they slept together. ' He's not here.' ' Not there ! where in the name of heaven is he, then ?' Can't say, Cap'en ; let's go and see.' ' What's that?—Tom out ?' asked Hubert. ' So says Joe. We must look him up, for he didn't seem to be quite the thing last night.' ' I expect he's gone to interview the spook,' suggested Hubert. ' If so, we must go too,' said I. ' Not me, thank you,' laughed Hubert ; ' if he's fool enough to go prowling about after an imaginary ghost in a thunder-storm, let him fool himself to the top of his bent.' I didn't like Hubert's sneer ; and told him that I was going in search of our mate. 