THE SKETCHER. AT THE NARROWING OF THE R1V£R. BY A. CONWAY. Persons who have overlanded it to Strahan along the Linda track know the Bpot well, by the two swaying wires over which they croBS the King, where that river winds round Mount Owen. By the river's edge there are flats of swamp myrtle, then a sapling belt, buttongrass, and beyond, on rising ground, what was once a mighty forest of Macquarie pine. Year after year the piners had been toiling in the forest, working their way gradually up the course of the King, till one iHBt patch of marketable timber was left where Mount Owen throws ridges of granite across the river bed. The King is rough and broken below, but here the passage is absolutely barred to logs. The Bpot was worked out, and this was to be the last oarap. With his men reduced to a third of their number, Weston waited for the rain that was to float, his logs down to where the steam tug 'Possum lay at the mouth of the King, to tow all the baulks of pine that bore his " three-dagger" brand to the schooners at Long Hay. The BchoonerB waited " in the bay while the piners at the King crossing Bweltered in the hot-wind days of a dying summer. The time when the first autumn rains were due had gone by a full month, and Btill the waters trickled but lazily among the branded logs that had been rolled into the river's bed. It was a hard wait for Nick Weston with his contracts unfulfilled. His men tound it almost as hard. Their cheques were earned, and the long-delayed joy« of the port were very alluring because so long withheld. "There's someone in this yere camp as has killed a Chinaman." said "Brusher" Mathews wearily. At last, in the central tablelands where the King begins in mountain strenmlets, clouds cloaked and hid the trim pillars of the Frenchman's Cap. Twenty-four hours later Weston, with the water dripping from his oilskins, raised a great shout as herald of the approaching flood. The waves of yellow water were already lapping among the boulders, each setting the water-mark a few inches higher. The little brown possums had deserted the musk bushes by the river's verge for the branches of the myrtlps, and the bush wallaby had careered up the hillside trom the flats. The droueht had broken, and Weston's mpn knew their time of travail was at an end. Log after log plunged from shoal to shallow, and in the growing current staited bravely off on the final journey. It was a merry CHrnp that night, as they listened to the King roaring angrily below Owen. In a week the schooners in the bay would be leaving Hell's Gat^s in their rear with a full cargo for Hohart : in a week Weston's party would be gaining, in one blissful burst of intemperance, the just re ward for their many days of toil in the scrub " We'll make the Queen River by to morrow night, boys," said Nick Weston, gleefully. " Brusher, my boy. you'll have to camp down at the Gat to-night and see the loes through. We can t afford to have any stranded in the backwater like last year." Brusher muttered a sulky assent and cursed in tones that were subdued till the boss was out of hearing. About a couple of miles below where the main portion of the timber had been cut lay t/ie " Gat," a nasty pinch where the river was narrowed for a hundred yards of easy sloping rapid. Thebnsalt reefs that jutted oat on either side had as friendly assistance in pre senting obstacles to the river flow two rocks in the midstream. There had been a blind bywash to the side of one of the rocks, and many a log got stranded on it in flood time for want of a friendly hand to guide if. oat. Brusher was displeased at his orders, but they were indisputable, for Weston had a heavy hand. A hard day, followed by a hard night in the wet and a hard tramp to the Queen on the morrow, were not the most alluring of prospects. There was one little point of brightness. Fresh stores had come up from the Queen that day, and among them a surreptitious bottle of whisky, to obtain which Brusher had bargained long and manoeuvred cau tiously for fear of incurring Weston's dis pleasure. No mother ever carried her babe more tenderly than Brusher bore his precious burden along the rough track to the Gut, shielding it from spreading bough and from the moss-decked boulder that set pitfalls for his feet. No murmur of the torrent seemed to him so musical as the pop of the cork, no aroma of foreat leaves to equal the bouquet of the liberated spirit. One sip, and Nirvana lay but a stonethrow away. While the rest of the camp slept in the iullahy of the King's wild roar Brusher kept drunken vieil, watching the logs slide by like pale ghosts in the glints oi ivory moonlight that showed through the crevices of the clouds. And then be slept a sleep in which there was neither felling of timber nor hauling of loes. His dreams were not disturbed by the fact that a mighty baulk of timber had sidled down the Gut, and now lay athwart the two rocks, backing up the stream and binding together into a formidable barrier the logs which came riding down with the current. Log alter log joined its forces with the big heap, through which the water eddied and foamed ragefully. By daybreak Weston was down at the Gut, and realised the meaning of the sieht some few secouds later. "Where is Mathews?" he queried angrily. Brusher, hardly free from his stupor, signified his presence by an answering growl, as he came forward from under the myrtle which had served as his night's shelter. "How the devil was I to know the logs 'ud jam, an' how was I to stop 'em if they did ?" he offered as excuse. Nick Weston was very angry. There were a few sharp blows given and received, and after Hrusher went down a second time he showed no in clination to rise. Lie there, you swine, and starve. You can get your next tucker Ht the Queen," said Weston, as he walked down to the rivpr. It was not long before the camp were straining their muscles in an attempt to start the timber. One by one logs were levered out and rolled into the current-, but the pile stood firm. Right in the centre had the single log been pinned across the two rocks, and no power m their command could open the jam. It was possible to cut through the log, but it was also easy to see that the wife of the man who chopped last would be a wi low that night. Weston plied his axe till he too began to think of one that watched and waited for him down at the port, and then he Btopped. " We'll wait and see it she don't get up a bit. If she don't " and he looked at the Frenchman's C«p standing out clear and dis tinct, and he went on chopping. The King rose no jwre that day, the raark ing-pee showed ;v six-inch drop since morn ing. When once the water hegan to tall, the full stream would vanish as it had come. They laboured painfnlly till past mid-day, and then went back to camp for tucker. Brusher looked moodily on, and nwle no answer to the parting curses heaped upon him by his mates. It was a scanty and miserable meal, and there was a quick return to the "jam." Brusher was perched on the binding-log, plying his axe to the tune of a song, which his mates heard ever and anon, in the lull of the river's roar " Then swing the axe, an' sline the axe, An* make the splinters fly ; What matter if our life he hard, What matter how we die ; We live the life that best we love, An' when wee've had our way " Damn, it, she's shifting, boys . , . " An' when weVe had our day, Tho^e left hehind will not forget, Their comrade fiom the Bay." " Come back, you fool," cried Weston, but his warning was unheeded or unheard. On went the old coastal ditty to its accom paniment of Hying chips, " Chorus, boys " Thou sling the axe, an' swing the axe, An' make . . There was a crack like a pistol-shot as the centre log parted, audible above the rest of the waters. Two logs gripped Matthews by the legs as he sougnt to spring backwards, then a grent pile ot timber turned end over, and the rest was foam and thunder, as the logs shifted and jogged their way through the Gut. They found his body two days later, half-a dozen miles below, in a crevice of th.1 rocks, and they gave him Christian burial in ibe cemetery on the hillside above Strahan. CONSIDERABLE interest has been felt in the title of the late President of the Royal Academy-First Baron Leighton of Stretton. We find that the town of Stretton, in the county of Shropshire, from which the late Lord Leighton took his title, came into the possession of the family so far back as the fourteenth century. This was through mar riage with the heiress, Miss Cambray, whose arms are still quartered by the Leighton family. " The Leightons of Leighton and Stretton in the Dale," as they were theft styled, resided there for many subsequent years, and the branch of the family from which the late Lord Leighton descended settled in Yorkshire. Stretton passed from the family by sale many years ago...?It has Since attained Borne importance, being ,tKe " returning town of South Shropshire Whence present Sir baldwyn Leighton the constituency dowc tao the 1885\. All traoe of jihe oid has the late LordJ^tghton, 