SATURDAY, APRIL 11, 1896. The increasing fancy for reviving in actual performance the classical drama of Greece and Rome might be argued to indicate any one of a number of different things. Like statistics, it might be made to prove anything. The uncompromising modernist, whose notions of Greek and Roman life and thought are derived from a plenteous ignorance, might call it a relapse into mediævalism. The equally uncom- promising classicist might see in it a growing testimony to the intrinsic superiority of the ancient to the modern drama. The person of a culture genuinely liberal, who cares not a jot whether a thing be ancient or modern provided it be good, will probably not discover anything more in the phenomenon than the indulgence of a natural taste for artistic novelties and a natural curiosity for realising the past. When at Oxford, Cambridge, or Westminster, at Harvard, Sydney, or Melbourne, a Greek or Latin play is put upon the stage and performed as nearly as possible in the original language and after the original manner, it savours of the pragmatical the unintelligent to ask whether the primary object is in- struction in in antiquity and its comeback(?). It is, indeed, on record that a dis- tinguished mathematician was dissatis- fied after a visit to Hamlet because he did not see "what it proved," but it would probably be a libel upon the mental constitution of the greater part of an audience at a representation of the, "Ajax," the "Agamemnon," or the "Captivi", to assume that they come away asking what they have learned. Incidentally they will probably learn, if they did not know it before, that the ancients, and particu- larly the Greeks, were very live and natural people indeed: they will discover, if they needed so to do; that though Gilbert of modern London may be separated from Aristophanes of ancient Athens by more than two thousand years, he might be his twin brother so far as concerns the workings of his humour and intellect. Their calibre differs, and much in favour of Aristophanes ; but, for the rest, they might pass as entire contemporaries, if one were adapted into Greek or the other into English. This lesson the spectator might acquire ; and, if the representation were archeologically precise, he might also acquire the positive information that the Greeks or Romans dressed and behaved in such and such a way amid such and such surroundings. We do not depreciate the pleasure of such lessons as these, nor do we underrate the actual instruction which classical students can derive from realising classical times by enacting classical parts. We only point ¡out tile fact that when Harvard per- forms the "Oedipus," or Ormond College the "Birds," they do so because those plays, like every typical Greek and many a typical Latin work, retain an everlasting charm for those who have once mado a genuine ac- quaintance with them, and therefore there are performers who will enjoy acting and spectators who will delight in beholding them if it were not for the fact that the classical productions are intrinsically "possessions for ever''. colleges might as well try to revive the Coventry mystery plays. The current notion of a "classical" drama ís among the most incorrect of notions entertained by mortal man. In some way or other it becomes con- founded with the notion of "classical " music It suggests the austere, the colourless, the statuesque. Thanks to the mecahical and utterly wrong headed French criticism of the period of Loujs Quatorze, which exerted so prodigious and pernicious an influence upon England for a centtury after Dryden, it is almost impossible to exorcise the old bogey of the three Unities. The very mention of an ancient drama conjures up a picture of those three literary Mother Grundies holding the free play of constructive genius in leading strings. Yet it might be obvious to any reader of the Greek scenic poets that the Unity of Time and the Unity of Place were theoretically as unknown to them as to SHAKES PEARE. As a matter of fact they were invented by the French, who fathered them upon ARISTOTLE. Aristotle is not the end and consummation of human wisdom ; on the other hand he was not a trifling pedant; and he would as soon have thought of demanding three unities as of demanding that other crass old stupidity the fiva acts. With true artistic insight he insists simply that the plot of the action should be organically one, and not a farrago of disconnected episodes. For the rest, the more touching and full of plot you can make your tragedy, the more laughter you can squeeze into your comedy, the better for your piece as a play. Such was his idea of the " classical " drama, and such was the idea of SOPHOCLES when he wrote the "Antigone" and the "Ajax," and of ARISI'OPHANES when he changed the scene repeatedly in the "Frogs" and violated all probabilities of time in the "Acharnians." If Lady Macbeth is a "statuesque" person, thou anti then only is Medea such. If " King Lear " is a play of " colourless severity," then, and not before, are the words applicable to the " Oedipus " Tyrannus." It is CORNEILLE and RACINE in France, MAFFEI and ALPIERI in Italy who afford specimens of the frigid results of truckling to the three fetishes ; while it is no paradox to say that the English drama, when it had renounced the style of " Gorboduc " and all its ways, came nearer to the Greek conception of a play than any other European literature, unless it be the German. The production of the " Birds " of ARISTOPHANES, which has been so brilliant a success at Ormond College, was, indeed, that of a comedy. There was matter for unquenchable laughter in the mere acting and situations without reference to the meaning of the words ; and though to many of the spectators the piece must have been little better than dumb-show, that dumb-show was highly exhilarating. It will be impressed upon them that " classical " comedy must be very live and excellent fooling for those who understand the Greek. Had the play, however, been a tragedy, the "Alcestis" or the "Antigone," where appreciation must depend upon a sense of the relation between the acting and the feelings suggested in the words, it might well have passed for " cold," " austere," and all the other epithets. One might as well ask a spectator who knew neither the English language nor the English life to feel the artistic force of " Hamlet;" as expect one who knows no Greek to thrill in response to the pities and fears of the " Agamemnon." The case of an entirely academic audience is one thing, that of an assemblage of ordinary citizens is another. It was therefore entirely wise of the authorities of Ormond College to inaugurate their classical representations with a comedy. Apart from the entertainment, a com- paratively lay audionce was perforce aroused to more or less interest in things Hellenic, while the actor students had their Greek studies vitalised for them in a new and by no means despicable sense. These results give to the undertaking an educational utility which ought to bo positive enough to satisfy even the man who finds no place for mere entertainment in this transitory life. We hope, there- fore, on all grounds, that it may not be long before Dr. MACFARLAND sees his way to repeat the experiment which has proved so entirely successful. The fact that a Victorian athlete has made his appearance in the Olympic Games and, apparently, romped over all competitors, is a circumstance cal- culated to soothe the pride of this community and yet to stir its sense of humour. If shades, wandering on the Stygian shore, are capable of human emotions, what must the ghosts of those famous athletes feel, who once contended under the shadow of Mount Olympus for the parsley wreath and to whom cities built statues, as they behold, with wondering eyes, a runner of strange race, and from unknown lands, beating all their records! A line of games which begins somewhere in the Stone Age, with the figure of Zeus or of the Idaean Heracles, and ends with the popular Victorian amateur, Edward FLACK of the Melbourne Grammar School Hare and Hounds, and the year of grace 1896, is surely a very wonderlul phenomenon. The re appearance of the Olympic Games in this age of steamships and railways, of bicycles and the sewing machine, is a fact which has about it, for the average palate, a distinct flavour of humour. It confounds all chronology. It mingles things classic and things modern in a fashion very startling to the educated imagination. It is diffi cult, indeed, to picture a cluster of modern "professionals," fed on gate- money, and familiar with "odds," long and short, contending on Peloponesian soil for a parsley wreath. A leading "event" of the Olympic Games now in progress is the long distance foot race from Marathon to Athens, a distance of 22 miles, and for which the King of Greece has offered a substantial prize. Along this hilly path, in the evening of a September day in BC 490, ran the sandalled feet of the messenger who carried to Athens the news that MIL TIADES with his tiny phalanx had over thrown the Persian DATIS, with his many coloured and many-tongued host, and so saved the Western world with its free intelluct and free institutions from the slavery of the East. And now along the same road sound the feet— a little more heavily shod, but quite as swift—of "long distance" profes sionals! "Still looks the sea on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sea." But neither the sea nor Marathon has witnessed a sight more strange than this translation of the course of the runner who bore the news of the victory of Miltiades to Athens into a modern long distance "event," with gate- money and a big stake. To melt down classic tradition into the terms of modern athletics many people will be tempted to think is a feat of very dubious quality. The revival of the Olympic Games in the nineteenth century has, of course both a respectable authorship and respectable motives. An International Committee has hatched the scheme ; all sorts of distinguished authorities have given it their benediction. The actual reinstitution of the Olympic Games is being held at the present moment at Athens itself, and on the very spots where the athletes of classic days were accustomed to contend, There are to be boat races in the harbour of the Piraeus, foot races in the actual stadium of Olympia, and, as we have noted, a long distance foot race from Marathon to Athens. But thereafter the Olympic Games are to be an institution "on |" wheels." The Olympic Games of 1900 will be at Paris, those of 1904 in New York, of 1908 in London, and they may even in due course offer themselves to the delighted gaze of Melbourne. It is amusing to leam, that in Greece, at all events, and during the present Olympic Games, all the conditions of the ancient contests are as far as possible to be reproduced. There must, of course, be very generous modifications. Bicycle contests, for example, will take the place of the ancient chariot races. The rival athletes will no longer contend in a state of nature, or with oil- smeared bodies. Women were forbidden under penalty of death to look on the ancient games, or even to cross the River Alpheus while they were in progress. But we may be sure that, during the present Olympic Games, feminine spectators, in the latest and most fashionable cos- tumes, will put a glittering and rain- bow-coloured girdle round what corre- sponds to the stadium. The statues of winners in the ancient Olympic Games long stood in Athens, or in the sacred grove at Olympia, and lists of their -names, stretching through centuries, are still preserved. But, curiously enough, we have none of their "records" in the modern and technical sense, so that we cannot com- pare modern athletes with ancient. We do not in the least doubt, howover, that the comparison would be wholly in favour of the modern athlete. If photographs of SANDOW, tho modem strong man, and the Farnese Hercules in the Naples Museum are put side by side, the living athlete, as a model of strength, excels the classic statue ; and FLACK's performance at the Olympic Games, as published in our columns during the week, would, we suspect, have astonished an ancient Greek runner; yet FLACK'S record of 1,640 yards in 4 min. 33 sec. is a very second rate effort. The truth is that the average modern man is taller, stronger, swiftcr, and healthier than his ancient prototype. The in- vestigations of the Anthropometric Com- mittee, appointed by thee British As- sociation in 1875, destroyed a whole catalogue of foolish superstitions about the physical trend of the race. They showed, for example, that civilised man excels in all physical qualifications savage man. A icgiment of English soldiers, if stripped naked, could outrun, out jump, and outswim an equal number of savages of any race. The city dweller, in spite of general impressions to the contrary, has commonly a better physique than the rustic. The Anglo Saxon race, in average height and weight, takes the chief place amongst civilised races ; and the tallest body of men in the world, if we except a few imperfectly observed South Sea islanders, is the English professional class. Their averago height is greater than that of Patagonians, or of the negroes of the Congo. Between the ages of 25 and 30 the average English professional man exceeds the average labourer or artisan by nearly three inches in height and more than nine pounds in weight. Civilised con- ditions of life, that is, make for an increase of all physical qualities; and this makes it probable that the picked athlete of A.D. 1896 could give "points" in every known sport to the correspond- ing athlete of, say, B.C. 800. For our- selves, we vehemently suspect that an average Victorian football team, in good condition, would outrun, outjump, out- kick, and outlast an equal number of athletes from the age of PHIDIAS or of PERICLES. The football season is coming fast, and when Melbourne and Essendon or Geelong and South con- tend together the green turf of the M.C.C. or of the S.M.C.C. will witness feats of skill and speed and endurance equal to anything ever seen under the shadow of Mount Olympus or on the banks of the sacred Alpheus. It «ill Le niofiil to Itimw, on the authority or lin* (jinciiiini'iil ttsiiunimii'r, tlnit luul weather lim}' Le t»\|iiulnl tullin. Iii' Ima lii'i'!iiiihist'ili)flhi'|msrtiiii:>iMii nlni »I nuntin ol intonso iii iiri'ssum r,vi*r T.isniiiiini ni «n instirly ilinclnni, the u-inic I omi; le tilt» soiil|i of 'hi' Hliinil. .Mi Kiruc-ln mili-i lintis I lut t us lin« ni ,i uimia iniMinl'i .Viv /.I'lilniiil it «ill lie inlliiiirtl hy MI} lu m y ui iilhi'i' in Ila Striui. ¡nul 1 insu MUS ruin ui|iiulls in Viotorui. A illlliLiilli «liiih Mi l'ustt'i, M I.A., Inn saw winn (lu Nillup M Uli limit Au mis lii'iiiK pusmil lij I'liiliiuni ni in ri^iuilm li»' nullt ol mini in to i no r np ni I mil sot npnrt lim willigt sililun lils «iiliuiit jimin"'«.oin. I pt'iiHiiliim tn tho hill I r ni llio haul lins no« Hilson I! nulli enid «ns ills (.UM Hil III lill- 1.'Ililli hlttllllll'llt m I llio lliiinli'iit)iin' limit's, muí tlio Lnil run into a set llu N Imlili"^'. Whin the pirsounho I luul liiiiml (lie Icio! u mieil m u> low it up it ¡inn timm! tlini iinl.i ilie li» lie luul no ii|»lil PiHilei I.i llio i, mu d Inn I i \i opt nu pnjin;' Inn, nut ineiol) lor Ila» Kiufin-i' iliiiiuil!" us lio I,.uni Au 1SS1 pri-uiljis, lilli IllHIl |li|ll|l«'lis|l|iill lill llinpn-si sS ni« linn ni Hu» Inml, just us lliinwli li wns pinole pn pony nl.liiiinil limlir Ilie l.diul Ait liSd'i 'I lim luuhni: o' tlio luw is supported hj tin» opinion of tin' Crown J,uw oilaeis, muí Mr. I'nsiir, in his tiipniitj ns ilie .Minim»! lulinmi.ti ruin tin.' Villiu.0- Selileiniiit Ael. lois (¡IM li instruí, lions ilmi no 1 u 111 KM nuns uro lo lit'mt nsi'lu tiirtillinji'si ill. nieiilH mini i|ii»i linn lu tn ni* sii'ole.l, liMiM'i'iliiin U liny jin.luile|.ti)iiiul Mu lylo he iiuril« mun ur ur . llltil) Inhere Minmi lui «um eiiiisiiMiUon or loiestry purposiH. 'I ho I.IIIIIN li piirliiient lui! hw heim >". fll (Illili Ililli sen ml ni Hie mullí e h ssi i H »IT. Hulileiiinu'p'irih'iisii' I li» II hul'linus in «In nut i mini Inn ol'(he minimum ni tlit ir li i"\ dm iMIiuslor <»l l.iunls lins ihouleil lo null.'' « iqiiiid miiHllulilliJii mil) linne muli ment«, anil, it Uni uie.orrout, ho will niiiiditMuiiuo win Hier the loused of t'n pi r_nim so olTenihiiB should not bl .nrli ltd I hi lira! inquiry will Iii conducted b} Mr Hi et on the2Jntl unit I hi Oóvirnmint sei ms to hate the strung«st olipellon to appointing a ti terinur) nispictor of the hiirh qimlillcniioria ilesiml ly th. Hoird of li nilli Aim Brent près sure on till stilis the Cnl.init nttnll} di cul ii lo main U| plications from ijuiililiul Burdons OUISKIL I)R public serait!, und nsl 11 tin Uonrd ol Iknlth to draw up tin nc.issiiry (|Utihlieiitioii3 for tilt post 'J lu hi uni rito/ni_iiip that if a mun of tiny rial utility wus to be btturul u propi r Bul iry should he protide I n comm-wlid that it should not ht loavir thuiiilO. p r annum lo lit nstoni- hinintol t tuetnht rs ol lill I mr I tin} learnt }tater hi} that this li nu lins I ten li\t I upon iiH a max mum ins! ni ol ti minimum «ular} unil the} uri ninth hsuppointtil in tin mutti r In 5istirlii}s Hotnumtut (¡it Ile it is notilnd Hint npphtiliims For tin ] »sinon ol Mlirmni) ni_| itlor avili In rtiaiil li} tilt luliht -irttti lloirl un ii tin 27th mat Jin (tullis ollht pistil m uill i inlirnte tin m-lftiuit. ol diiira limns dunn" slnii.ht r hourn, hutthir- .luipi I n ttlt rs }iml. uml other suth plan i s tin np nu. un tin sjintiirj t militions of nth p uti s i ml on una cou huon of th uni mils <l tin ir turtnst. nii 1 ol their products hlti I) to lilli tt tin pullit health tin iiidiciull} tin ex iimmni!. nnil rt porting on nil inlaia usid for mil I) muli cultiautinn lit tin Ooatrii mint a ittini stnlton hoih before Anil ufter ddith, tin ix immun, uml rtpuitui- on the conilitinn of nnimuls tor qunrnntinin,; nur pnsis if so required nnd Rent nilly the tit mn of minti tontirninj? conditions uf imimuls nnil of their protlutls in so Itirnslhi} mu} prejudititill} nflett tilt ; ni bl it hialth Iii aaill also be required, on lnhill of thi Defi nee tlepnrtment, to nttr-ml (utuinpiiienla nnd to truit nil hoists in tump IIB well as to trent till horses belonging to or lured hy tin Difenci depnrtment nt mia tim rhe prtsidtnt of the Mi thouin Itispnnl coninutlet (Mr 1' It ..rilfrrj. Ins num In littir from Mr Allun linxti r ex justin oi lue pence, reatftnin^ Ins position na unit nihtr oi du committee Hie resign mon is dutul the Oth last, hut oaa tri); to his ni st mt Ironi toavn tarns not receiaed h} Mr Oollre} till }tsti rilli} Seternl reports us to typhoid outbrmks «irt (luilt tvtih ti} tin Hoard it Public lleiillh nt Us reculur nipetuis yislerd-} It tvna de cided to presa tin City Council tor n ri port ol the ctrtumstunces iitieinlmt. the rumourid illili as at persons ussociuttd aaith the Mil bourne Club mid nlao to drina the nttent on of the \\\ nrrntknuhcnl Council to the fntt thnt 0 fever tuses hud occurred in that district suite Jimmi.} uml ur_in"' the m cta.it} of mi exhiiuatm maiali^nlio'i A recuit onturtnk nt Mil duri is nttrihuted for the moat pitt to filth} unter Hcfcrence was nindi to the muhct of tin .Vnrrnnmbool J own Council to inquirí into the pollution of the locil aauter uuppl) thecouncil Ima caused ita procrustintitiou on the pim Unit u public nmilj. t ia about to he appointed, und this olliccr will he naked to nuilee an miuljsis ot tin tviitir but it was pointed out Hint if tin pollution is as (¡roas ns reprcsenttd it ou^ht to be discoiered b} the nnktd t}i A report from Dr Ora} shotted that a dur} farm lins been conducted undtr moat oiïinaite con (huons in the shin of Ilullurnt, mid it uns decided that if tin aniiitiua iirrunguments priaenbed were not lnnnt Ittiti 1} iotnplii.il with n pro'itution tvoul 1 In instituted It wus dtcided to take prociediii,^ in u, tiat in tatnell a grand stnnd lind lien used ul ". ncknndanduh nt I ii.ter in dchnncc ol nn edict b} the board At the meitiiiK of the llorlicullurnl Boar! held nt the Ooairnment olhces }iatirdu} u report una read from Mr Kidson the Oo vernnient Irait txpirt, concerning 1)0 ciases ofnpples which wirericintl) sent Irom the .\eattrn District lo 1'ort Melhournt for ship ment to L,ondon undi r the bonus r. milutions Uf lln_ consignment ll> cngis avirt fiundto contnin thai ase 1 lippies uhnh uire unlit tor human consumption, but it avusonl} hy Ins pt r Bim lins the shipping co.ipnn) lo rtlust to utcept deiner} ot tin m that the) aa ere not put on bonni the sttnmtr I he report atuted flint steps should be token to [,11c tin Government li yd nuthotit} to prohibit diseased und undent/ d liuit from being i \portid, its what tails lind tans hkily to ton tnniin itt nnil spoil ollu rt< nsinnmints during tin to}iigi aalnle shipnitnta of uni lsired lippies, of «Inch thin uin 1111isis in the toii8t"nmiiitrifirred to, uere Ittrimeutul to our fruit export trndi Mr \ul-on pointid out the nnonmly Unit ulnli the Inw pro hibited diainsed fruit being Inn hil in Vic tortn, tlnre uns no power lo pruent its ex port '1 he diainsril Iruit lind been sent to Mr I) M'Alptni, the Oottrnment a(g Inblt pnthologiat, u ho sni I it u n« ilii ttid at Uli ' t ipe rot which woul 1 hine injured rther lippies shipped h] the snme steniutr 1 xpirunents hu 1 shown that this diseuse toul 1 he almost ti boll} aaoided b) the ust of fungicides 'Jin mindura ol the lourd atronglt con dunned the action of t,ioui rs uho knowingl} foraanrlid unsound Iruit lor i .port uni it was decidid (o ruouimcnd the Ministirof Agriculture to ask l'uiliiiiiii nt lor nuthorit} touihpettnil truit intenhd (or i.port und to njitt nil} that tttis not tunailtred suitnbh It is tFrliiui thtit the Government will introduce n lull nt\t session Kiting the Ayiiullurnl dipnrtmint more Mipeni.iou und control ol tonaignmi nts ol Iruit und other peiiahuble products for-ardid lo Mil bourne tor shipment ubrotid The rigiilutions ol the Marine I'oiril un 1er the Marine Atls ÎS'IU mid is IJ ri lutin/ to tin nintkiiiR of loud Inns of \is. Is mine into operation on the 1st b ptembi r lost, hut in orlir toullow time for the marking ol sim s the bonni bus not .it. tnkm nction to enfirce the proatsions ol those nets It is nottlied in hist night a Goitrn mail On 'Ile, howitt r thut on mid uiur the 1st lui} nixt ptociedings avili le institut!d ni tlu cunt of tiny tessil not murlted na the nels requin At the stunt time utti ntion is tullid io the pi nulli.s avhich oaainrs und misliraof \iaat IB ure liable io it the lo ii lint m not propi rl} muriel on tin ships Billi, mid if tin tentrt ol tin iliac is sub mi lui ii, shoaling thnt tilt ttsstl ia out lo »lui Mr Neilson, the Ooternuu nt fruit i xpert, lina i .nminul I lie Iruit uhich tilt kulwin dipartmint bus recintl) b ni nurung on expt.minuta with to list ilillir pt imthotls ol cool storage '1 lu pi nrs-lu urn di Cupru mont-avhich aven ki pt I ir thru avu ka in n Inure truck nt Newport wiri ilituji I lut tlu hrnpts wen In ii ¡mr (on huon those Blond in nu ¡cul tru le for the sume pi nod wire in |,oo(l tominion, hut tin htst naulis tun obtiiuied trim the I'lrlms sttrtli/ d mr protias It is mu li ltd lo allon tin piurs mid grnpes to n luutti lui utiothtr thru avu ka III llu trucks limiting a pi nu 1 of six wuka nKogithtr, tthi.lj is iignrded nsu lair ttst ns to turn With refi n nte lo the na of a luuty (illili on tin Kiilimint It Immun, on tin occasion of a atsit 1} tin Munster ol Minis on I nura lit}, tin i .plnntition is niuili (hut Mr Ioskrchoat ii du} winn the trundius n it pioei11 b )un I 1) «lilli withiut mt un mi, tin Itinlavti} di pirtmuit On tin lln.'i du)a of the uuk winn tin triimwii) is u«( 1 u li<,ht i nyilil is run und hal the Kulutiy di punnu nt known ol Mr Id-tils \tatt In iori bund lilla would hint I ii ii muli tt % mini le As it una the Miinsttrs diatri to procti 1 to Knlninntite Jin I to I- nut as a mutti r of iunrf.euc), and nuthorit) tvim ^ivi n t ir tin luna} uigiue to b unlisul iilttiott.h it is n it stutiiblt lor tilt irimavu) Hu lliilwii} di pu tim nt rta ti tli sui_t stum that mi nttimpt wus mud. ' o billilli tin ti min ni mi | 111 nut it bullatale II our I» »Si. bun intnuit llu ollie al bi|iinl Uor of llu (it) ol Mel bom in limit ohiiiiuul )ialirdii) tin «unction nf llu. ( lui I Insltci lo th nppolutmtni b) lum ol tin olhcitil nu nu in i ntl in I na Ins nlloriii) undi r poavi i lo net lor linn in lug hull in tin hqui hilton ol tin I uni Hit in pliciitinii wus null I) Mr Ou'haaui e lor Munn, llluki und l>ih*dl, solicitor, lo tin li pu lutin Mr lustitii llnol uill mt to dny to lnnr a uu lu if iii II M of I ottlei lu whluh undue iiilluuiu, is ulligi I binni hi) sittings ix ( pi i ii monal1* in the cruinnul juris litlion, uri iilmoat unknown Inn, though ni bondini iii j i Ig H ol tin 1 tilth Court Bit rigulnrl) on Silur Intii lit lull Court )i_ti nina iidmlltid Mr Huit) S i) i ra Crulir to piuuliat na u I irrt.tir mid soltcllor of the Suprime ( uri ol \ ii Un ni, on the motton ol the An m } (lent nil A m w im nanu m Hie Instruments Ant lina nilnti) lum phiutd on tin stntiite book wlnoli intoltea a special scale of tost«. A cusí» un 1er llio new aot-Oio Weinbrand Co v Aill.cn-wai dealt willi 1)> Mr Nicol- son, 1» ii , yestcrdu) An amount line on a promissory noV wns auurded to com pliinunt, ami Mr T C Sharpe, who np ¡ii'urerl In tin» ins«', Bind I lint lie would like Ins worship io lix a si ile ol costs undi r I tit* act, willi a nu io lona a precedent in luture liti-iitliln ' Mr Nico son, after some ion sulerntion lormulnied tin» following lanff - louise» t ere the mummt minimi waa üll or undi r, the lee would be Li'i*, anil li "vi r tnnt luuoimtí.-í Js flus sude wns nob to L uitisuli rul a Icmpornrj one, pinding; a bttlcr nepi iiniiince with tho not. lut oui ii course ni hctures during the wintir moutliH will shortly he ennuin nu'I ut Hie lto)nl Ilorticulturul Souietj's gnriliiis, liuriilej 'Iho titflt lecture will lie by Mr NN I Iho't, a w li known writer on horticulture I li» public will lie ruliimtid to tin se Lctures, nuil pnrtiLiilurs na to the time ol Hu ir deiner» mil I e LIM ii hid r on Mr I' Moloney, M H lectnred Inst night j to tin» moulin ra of St I'ntriclt'n Snilulit) on. tlii'Piil.jiot ot litir.itiire foi nullilla, hut tu lu* unir u tu Hin. My I«*, mnile mini) snli i x. corsions min nillir riultim ol thought nml Lonjei in ,iinl wna ino.I inlirtiiniiii/ «lull iii* Htrii) > ii fruin the sul jeit, the hu lill) for »»Jose olistrinlioi) nu.'' mulls li isoninc', iiud nt lum s holil coup i tur«, nuii,iii/ his chin upon lili tulliré m all pliions chiirining On llu mum stinj.ct, he udiociitid lor mwiluls nliui e uti lim n bool, ileurly prion ii in lnr¿e ij pt» with hronil margins, the more mus cul lorms ot pottry,v tin nunljais ol »Inch for pure noun I alone li« ni.iiiiiin mini ns im urteilte uii pnsuim, luulutel Shelly'a "Cloud" na un etiunpl« In writers «ho luul Lei u themsi Ins nun ula «ns found nwonihrful sympathy li »ding in a \« lucie m motion uns al ningi) con lemiipil, mid nulling in Led declared to lu iiHiihei ph. siolugiuill) «bollsoin», nor uiti»l l'(ttiill) iriiKiu1, nn expriiision of opininu willi wlnoli Mr l.mny, M1!, in sul se ipiently seconding it toll of Iii inks, cordnilli iignitl Mr Mi lot» > staled Unit he win lirst induced to think oter this nul.tot in a coinersulion willi tin Inn Marcus Clurke At a ni»! tint; ot the committee, ót the NN omen s Hospital, held j eaterduj, M« a linne» Mulnnii, Nicolson, Ti iiipl« ton, and Lenin mr. iipp nnicil a suL commune lo uinl.i urriingemiiits for ilie ncp'iou of I,inl\ liri.Mi i, wini «ill i mt Hie institution on the -'Sill inst lo open the new wurda ' Tin» Minies ll\ams Inn' bando I us a chci|U" lor j.50 I LÍHK (inrt of the piuiecilu nt the nauln.il kill «.KUI 1i them ia Muir pupils III OIL To»II lull on Ikrtiiiliir 10 In nilli 111 Chit lu in lln-iitil tin I limit Sertie«. Ilona and tlic Il-I re» l'hiln iihtopli socleti Tin expiuie« "flho hall u trillen-ii c«l In tin MI'S.s Ulmus theinsi les III«: nilen Hie iicountii ure ilnel Hut it|nt io hue i further sum ol about LU tn lull I oter lu Hu ¡nailunions milled l lie I ishop of Milboimie « ill preai li nt St Thomisn lAsillilw lo nioiroii iilornu j riinon lollelut All Siinl. St lill U last »ill prouili tnmnrroi eteiiin.' in repl to ArLliliishnp l.'irr, _ scioml onl com n lui. seimon on Hie Prim rj of Hu 1 oman I oiililf« ' , Tie Mi'onui l.iiluai munni, Puinl t ill irlts a «teriil loueert in tin Mullington in I Kcii-in.ton puk, adjoining III Niiiutiikit luilitni Still! >n In aid of the turnia of the local Inities I initolent >j«iet), at Jp in to inorroit rim li .nil lilli hens Ute I lit the I lim I ir on in I ltihsiuL.toll Iii lulnlil and Mr 1'ciWn »III lull Un (hair Mr !! I. Nott, tin ni uni} ippolutL I or-unlm nt lln»All«lri'iaii Ihunll »III cm Hie til.I ofUMiits of su ulai nltirii on oriraii recitals in the diunli to morro», tommin« ing al half past I, »hen the pro in.io «¡II milli n-1 UBiii in O minor (Haiti) Cantllelle 1 astorali lu ti nullor tOlllliliant) Allilanli in I minor (Siinrtl, I leg) in O major (Liman) ('.»nile In FumJir(Mailiin) »nu Mardie luncbri pt Chant Scnphlipii ni C minor vOuiliuani) A tncctuiir of the Cln>ainlliciiiuni Coiifirencc »as hell it the Ilorlicult ml hall on Iliursdit the liri silent (Mr T loiUlt) In tin* ihalr Hie onli cxlulnt dealt «Uli was from ilr l.arrauaj Kilt, «ho sla^id »hut itas la<«t »car his No . H"«lliiu:, no» I a It I riMei, lor »Ililli lie nceiied f mr pjinti« Mr Uiiijjiniii I ee auiiDuiiies hisiaiiilldntilio for thi lett tor Lipps !\ tri li Hie I in Council laiant bt tlio resignation of Loiniiillir Knpipoit The St. John Ainliiilauic A.H.0. ulion nnnounces thal allans for ttotneii on fir t aid io the Injuicl «ill lu loiiunciiccil at the Imlirin ronn hil, b\ "i I! Mklnsoi Mood at.pm on Thursilii iu\t, 10th In.I Irum liners Grsir. Holier son and Co ne hate lee nisi I ¿[Ml /«id li our, hi O lloillll.t I li' OM Ptuturn bl Mrs I ' lill Mlam 1 lie 11/lit I hat I mt ii bl lludiarl luplln. Hie iii lura n) the Nulli«' I linn Kimi« Ihellilil I»,» .Sim anil I nut? Merritt bl !! de l.alzac, bting minnies ol M'Sllll ni s Colonial I linn A lady m Matt bl Horton «nnlm (Hell 9 liulhn nndiolonlal I iiirar!), nml Ile hX] hit ut Uri ¡ndier Gerard, by A Conn» Um lo (I ail-mini Colonial librar)). üohaic riieiicil n copi, of the ?,(tuV Jiittrnnlii llecieie |iuhli«heil lu Main heiler, In oomiectloli »itli »bli h nu olllci bus hecu «I|ILIII«I lu Melbourne H liaic i«i* Sicii the JutfjitiVtJiiitH Photographie Peaetp lor March TO DAY'S Al-iUXGEMENTS Yitclitin/ Disaster Inquiry, Cu.tom house, 10 n.io. Dolla' liuiiiar, North Fitzroy Stale behool, Alfred urespenr. In aid of Little bisters at the Poor, 3 to 10 p.m. 1 isttr l'nir and Uni ile Spurts, 1 xlubition building, 7 to 10 p ra SUND .Y. rorCliureli Ser*, ices, ace page 9. 