Murder Among Aborigines. ANCIENT LAWS OF THE ILLAWARRA TRIBES. Murder was the second sin forbidden by Myell, the great pure spirit of the Illawarra tribes. Blas- phemy or causing laughter by mentioning Myell's name was the first commandment, and both were what they called deadly sins; that is, sins that may be punished by death. Next to murder was intimacy with females within the third degree of relationship. This offence was held in more ab- horrence than even murder, for it was a rarer crime, and the offender rarely escaped without be- ing speared. If a native committed a murder away from his tribe, before reaching the camp he would paint his face and part of his body with yel- . low clay; when he presented himself the tribe would know what he had done, and avoid him. He was, it was considered, so defiled with blood that he polluted everything with his touch, and if he sat down anywhere, or lay down, the tribe would never let their foot rest upon the spot he had touched. He would go away some distance and make a camp for himself, or if other murderers were in the tribe make his camp with them. The men of the yellow clay were like diseased people, and their camp looked upon as a lazaret. When the tribe travelled the murderers travelled after them, not with them. Some of these social lep- ers had stood the trial of spears and escaped. Some waited for the trial, and some were never brought to the trial for want of proof. The South Coast natives rarely acted hurriedly in matters of this sort, collecting evidence as carefully as our police do. For instance, a silly fellow with no reputation, or being looked upon as a fool, and en- vying the courtesy with which a murderer was always treated, would sometimes denounce himself as a murderer by wearing the yellow clay. An in- quiry would be begun. He might be brought up before the old natives, who would listen to his evidence, and bear it in mind. Then he would be told to go about his business. But though that seemed the end of it a species of private detective system would be in vogue sifting the matter for probably twelve months, and the chief witness against the murderer, or supposed murderer, al- ways being himself, in due time the rights of the matter would be discovered, the self-confessed murderer would be severely admonished to be careful of what he said in future, and probably flogged. As Berriman Joe of Ulladulla says, "the 'gooin' (or devils) take care that their own will not go hungry." Consequently, it often happened that the murderer would come to the camp with plenty when the men who faithfully served Myell would have none. The murderer would come to the religious man, or "Myell-wallin," and offer him part of his game for it was one of Myell's com- mandments that they live in unity and share with one another. But it was also another command- ment that he must touch nothing that has been in the hand of him that has shed blood. Even animals or fish which shed blood were abstained from as food by the natives when fasting about the time of Bora, or what is called the initiation ceremony. The Myell-wallin, therefore, would refuse the food as civilly as he could. He would express himself as most grateful for the murder- er's kindness, but say that he had plenty of food. Now the murderer might know that he had noth- ing, and might complain, but the Myell-wallin would assure him that he was mistaken, that his friends had already supplied him with food, and the murderer would be forced to take back what he had brought, for the Myell-wallln would touch nothing that had been touched, by him. Even in trading it was the same. One tribe might be noted for spinning opossums' fur into neck bands, armlets,rugs, or making fishing nets, and a neighboring tribe for fashioning spears, boo- merangs, shields, nullas, &c;, and a trading visit is made one to the other. They would meet in an open place, and the tribe that had come would cross over man by man and throw in the things they had brought, thus making a pile on the ground. Then the men of the other tribe would come over and make a pile of the things for which the other tribe had come to barter. All this time the murderers of each tribe stood apart, painted with the yellow clay. Wish- ing to barter their goods like the rest, they would make a pile to them- selves, which would be responded to by the natives of the other tribe, who had committed murder, and if one tribe had no murderers the goods would remain there untouched. Tra- velling natives who had murderers among them sent word ahead to the tribe with whom they intended to camp. The tribe was told how many men there were in the party, and some food would be set aside in as many portions as there might be visi- tors, each portion hidden in spots about the bush. When the party ar- rived each man would be told where to go to get his portion, so that he will not touch the food which the murderers touched. The brothers (even to the third cousins) of a man who committed murder were responsible for his ac- tions to a certain extent. If some men, say, from another tribe called upon a certain tribe to avenge a mur- der, and the murderer slipped away, his'brothers would be called upon to stand trial - that is, a shower of spears. On account of this custom a murderer rarely attempted to escape, as the lives of his relations would thereby be jeopardised. The tribe to which the murderer belonged would not attempt to screen him, it being a recognised custom that murderers must stand the trial of spears. This has been so often described that it is scarcely necessary to write about it. The man had a shield and a nulla, and he must defend himself, which he did with great dexterity, and often escaped the shower of about fifty spears. If blood were drawn it often gave satisfaction, and if there were two murderers and one was killed, the other was often let go for that time, but might be killed by the brothers of the mur- dered man even afterwards, though an apparent friendship might exist between them in the in- terim. In fact, a murderer was never safe. It has been stated by writers that the native never bears malice long, that even after a duel two na- tives will be the best of friends; but in my ex- perience I have discovered that a feud between them is like the weather, fair and foul—that they are not to be relied upon. Two natives that I knew had some enmity over some sheets of bark. One called the other a scoundrel, and the other The Apparatus. taxed him about it. For some minutes it looked like bloodshed, when one asked the other if he was a scoundrel—that is, repeat the accusation. "No, my dear friend, you are a gentleman," the other answered, and the quarrel ended with a laugh for the time being, and the two men seemed to have the greatest friendship. I daresay they had, too, as long as they did not think of the bark, but they have curious habits of remembering little things a long time. It was the same way with the friends of the murdered man; they never for-, get it. Sometimes they would see the ghost of the dead man, they say, and he would make them a sign by which they might know the murderer. It might be a man who had not colored himself with yellow clay, and he might die mysteriously, perhaps by poison. The native doctors were said to be very proficient in poisoning people. Some times the aggrieved natives would ask him out hunting with them, and when they can fall upon him with the greatest safety they kill him. The native is anything'but a coward; in fact, there are many accounts on record of his undoubted brav- ery, but they will not expose themselves to any more danger than is necessary. At the shower of spears the murderer was given fair play, his friends standing by to see that he get it. If he escaped the shower the two nearest relations of the murdered man might not be satis- fied, and might throw a boomerang to him. This is a challenge, which he responded to by knocking his nulla on his shield, and it often happened that he came out of the fight victor. These customs of course are mostly of the past, as the natives have come under the influence of the European laws and ideas, and the aboriginal terms used in this article come from one tribe only, the dialect of each tribe differing so much that in many cases they may be termed different languages. Tho natives about Bateman's Bay can scarely under- stand the dialect of those about Jervis Bay, and so they converse in the English tongue. But the customs given here were characteristic of the tribes between Jervis Bay and Eden, and are sup- posed to have extended much further by the old natives from whom the information has been gath- ered. There is a story handed down to them by their fathers that when Myell first made the world and it began to get peopled, he made certain animals in the shape of man to try the hearts of men—whether they would kill them. They were not fit for food, and Myell decreed that they must kill only that which they could eat, and to kill these animals would be murder. The Thooli- gal and Walithiga are mythical beings in the shape of man which even the young natives of to day believe in and fear very much, but I believe that the tradition did not refer to these myths, but rather to the monkey species, which would be evidence that the aborigines originally came from a country where the monkey species existed. ROBERT BROTHERS. 