JTHB MYSTERIOUS —— • HOUSE. A Bib detective had dropped the paper telling Jiow. Sdnton Cavaliere. the Long Branch Italian, made his dwelling a storehouse of jilunder. p* *• Every house holds its mystery," he began kritely. ThenAe told the story of a house be would Jiofc specify particularly. .-,. fi " I was detailed to watoh it," he went on, M because there was something odd-about its ten*ntl^*A> tnost respectable house in a most respectable neighbourhood. It had been sublet to one William Smith, a small dark man with a foreign accent. !' " He had pud six months rent in advance, in lien of refeAoce, and as the dull summer season was coming on the -agent had not quibbled over this slight -violation of his rule requiring referenoes. Whence he came, what his trade, no one could • say. The ' rent was paid in gold. * «• " After Mr. Smith had moved in—he rented furnished—the strange *>procoeding8 4 began which attracted the neighbours' attention. -Just after sundown- muffled^ men began to kppeu at the door, which would open, reveal- Sag tbe dimly lit hall. , The .-visitor entered. jNow the peculiar feature of the case was that <no one ever came out, while Mr. Smith existed apparently* independent of the butcher and fbaker. If yoa • rang, the manservant simply itpld you that his master was not in.> But other evidently found him in. Three or four passed that threshold daily, never to reappear over it. Of course the neighbouring Servants whispered marvellous tales of ghosts, ftf yoo went and scanned the faces of those who entered,yoa found them to be apparently gentleteen, wrththm intellectual faces. " Going up tbe steps the visitor would peer About as if fearing observation. One of the •doable hall dsors stood closed.' While he jwaifeed he irrariably stepped behind this screen jnntal tbe otuer door was opened. Then it shut jon him. You might wait all night and the next jday, as I have: done but the visitor never reappeared. Tbe house, heavily shattered, [presented an impassive front to the street that jtuld nothing of its mystery. *• Naturally, I had theories of murder or jother crime bung committed there. But jtber* were.no reports of missing men and newsjpaper personals gave no clue. Nor did we have •jany complaints or other evidence justifying a (laid. Finally 1 decided to take the matter !into my own hands. I did this by boldly going jap the steps a third time—I had been told {twice by the strange servant that Mr. Smith was jout. On this occasion I followed closely on the jheels of one of the visitors, who probably was {destined never to appear again. 1 rang, and jafter a few minutes the door was opened. The same servant stood there. He was black, with the regular futures belonging to East Indians or North Africans.' If yon ever venture las far east as-.Constantinople, you may ste men of his type in the cosmopolitan street throng. The peculiarity of this man was his shining )black eyes that looked me through and through. jHe was in the regulation black cost and white j cravat of the house lackey." , "Mr.Smith?" - j "' Sees no one,' he began in a - slightly foreign accent. A heavily-shaded lamp threw a subdued light on the stairway. " * Bat some one entered a half minute before me," I began. On the other occasions I had asked who this mysterious Smith who concealed an interesting personality very cunningly tinder that most commonplace name might be, what h>8 occupation, wheBce he came. On both occasions the door had dammed in my face. " This time I took the precaution to put my foot over the sill in such a way that tho door oould not close. - The man attempted it. I stepped inside. The door swung into its place jwitb a little metallic click. ( " I fancied the-black eyes snapped angrily, (but the man motioned me civilly into an adjoining roam. This was an ordinary apartment [furnished in. the way of rooms in houses that are (sublet, where the "bric-a-brac and essentials {giving expression have been removed. -. A lamp [with & red shade lit the place, jfe " * Wait. I will see,' said the black. W " Presently he returned, this time bearing a silver tray, on which were a curiously-carved :silver decanter and some glasses, with a plate of (biscuits. The man made a sort of obeisance {that had in it something oriental, as if he had .'stepped out of one of the stories .dealing with Itha Caliph Haroun al Kaschid. f " *>'While you wait, won't you have some refreshment ? " -jt " His accents were so suave that, forgetting >aoy suspicion, I did not stay his band when he jpoored some liquid like claret into one of the jlong decanters. Lifting it to my lips I found it twas a curious-tasting beverage. For a moment 'I thought it was molten fire. Then the black retainer appeared to be dancing before my eyes, and I lost consciousness. *' When I awoke, I was on the couch in the same room The lamp was still, burning. I rased myself np. My head ached terribly. On a ,chair near me sat a little monkey grinning and •chattering. I«.startled me at first, but in my {trade one ceases to be afraid, because back of Everything, however mysterious, we are accosrtomed find human cunning. ' •• I IOOE, threw bade the shutters, and day- •light poured into tbe room. I had been there tail night. No one 6tirred except the poor little ; beast of a gibbering ape. I made my way to the joutnde door, seeing no one, and ran down the steps into the street, the monkey following. " X returned with the policeman on the beat. fWe searched the house high and low. There fwas no evidence of occupancy beyond that of •the little ape. No trunk or clothing or food or j-everi "the silver decanter from which I had j:drunk. About the ape's neck was a curiously '-carved little silver chain with some odd cabalpistic device. At the Zoo in the park they told 'me that he was of an Indian species, j- " During all my night stupor, what had bejCome of the mysterious Hr. Smith and his [visitors ? They were never seen nor heard of 'again. The house was just an ordinary dwelling on an ordinary street. But for me it still 'has an enigmatical expression of inexplicable jmystery._ - 