A MAN'S PRI VILEGE. BY DOHA KUSSELL.' CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) "I believe, my dear. It is! Men can TOUgfn It as v a rule; bear real hardships, but when It comes to the small annoyances of life, I must confess they are somewhat selfish." "I am glad you confess It! Walt then, till my carpels are put sown, ana my rooms wen itueu, and everything Is comfortable, and then I shall bo glad to see. you at Woburn." Stephen Wilde laughed. "What a cruel little girl you are," he said, "to condemn a fellow by his own words. Come, Florence, I am not as bad a3 thai! I am willing to risk draughts, ghosts, and Icicles, for your sake if you will allow me." Florence smiled, and shook her head. "No," she .said; "and I will promise when I have discovered the haunted chamber tbat you Shall not be put Into it." "When are you really going then?" "The day after to-morrow — Thursday." "Well, I shall come and see you off, at any rate." "Don't give yourself tho trouble; I shall do very well." Nevertheless when the day came for Florence to leave town, Stephen Wilde went to Grosvenor- plnco to see her off, and accompanied her In her carriage to the station. "Why should I not?" he said, when Florence objected to talcing up so much of his time. "Your "Yes, my cousin, my friend," answered Flor ence, and when they parted at the railway sta tion. she remembered his words, and was glad to think she was not quite alone in the world. Woburn-hall Is about three hours' railway jour ney from London, and, somewhat chilled and tired, on a- bleak Fobruary afternoon, Florence first came In sight of her new home. A grand old mansion, standing grey and im posing at the end of a long avenue of leafless trees, waving their hare branches under the dull Bky.. ' Still, Florence felt a sort of pride swell In her breast as ' she looked at her new posses sion. And then — so strange Is the human heart — that one of those subtle links which lurk unseen within and around us, her mind wandered to a far different scene, to a glowing eastern sky; to a Hark and often weary face. "Why can I not forget him?" thought Florence, Flth a restless sigh. But she had not much time to Indulge in hitter Memories. The hired carriage she had got at the irtatlon soon drew up before the handsome en trance, and the servants she had sent on to receive her — Banks, her late uncle's butler, and a foot man — ran down the steps to meet their mistress. There was a bright fire in the largo hall; bright fires In every room that was furnished. The luggage was brought In; there was the stir and excitement of arrival, the inspection of the new house.. A really fine old house too. It had belonged to a race that bad passed away; an ancient race whose fortunes had fallen; but the surroundings of gentle birth still seemed to linger about the place. The dining-room, with Its carved oak panels, Its broad tables and massive chairs, which Mr Dane had purchased with the house. Even the antique timepiece, which had told the passing hours to those who knew the hours no more, all were of tho past. Florence was naturally much Interested. She went from room to room, accompanied by Mrs. Mitchin, her housekeeper, and Banks, the butler, who had been two days at Woburn, and had al ready looked over tho whole' place. There were only two or three bedrooms furnished, and the long drawing-room was empty except for the gilded mirrors inserted In tho walls. Florence, there fore, bad much to do and think of. Carpets and curtains were to be considered and ordered, and with notebook In hand she went through her in spection. Her arrival had also caused great excitement in the village of Woburn, which is not far distant from the park gates. An old-world place this, where scarcely a modern thing Is to be seen. Tho cottages are mostly thatched, and the larger houses time-worn. It consists of a long straggling Btreet, at the eijd of which stands the Vicarage and tho Church. But humau nature is the same everywhere. wnen it was Known mat ivir. jjanes neiress was coming- to take up hor abode, for a time at least, at the Hall, ideas wero stimulated in many a heart. Mr. Meadowdew, the vicar, tall, portly, and hroad alike In person and views, rejoiced In heart to think of his new parishioner. Ho had been a widower , for one year, but was not tnconsolate, and thus maiden ladles, at least In the village, were thrown Into flutter whenever he appeared. Then his curate; Mr. Gibson — dark, straight- featured, and good-looking — had heard of Miss Dane and her two hundred thousands pounds not unmoved. Men, however, wero rare beings at Wo burn. There were three Misses Chamberlain, who lived at Lee House, a red brick mansion with ivied walls, whose only brother was serving with his regiment In India. . The sons went away, some- bow, from this quiet hamlet, and the daughters remained. . A marriage only occurred at distant Intervals; and women faded from youth to ago, without having a chance of changing their condi tion. But this melancholy state of things did not pro- Jcnt gossip. Thero was a scandal about the doc tor's wife — a pretty woman — and a young farmer the neighborhood. They talked, of each other's ajncerns, regulated each other's affairs, and knew when anyone got a new bonnet or a new dress. ' jaaaglne the excitement, thcrefiore, when it be- tftrms known that the old Hail was to be re-opened; Bnd-that a rich girl was about to appear. Mr. Meadowdew thought it his duty to call on Florence the morning after lser arrival. He was her ilrst visitor, and she was out lu the garden, which was terribly neglected, when he came. But she went Indoors to receive him, and a really very goodrlooklng, middle-aged man stood before her. "Miss Dane," he said, holding out a shapely hand, "I am most happy to mako your acquaint ance. I am Mr. Meadowdew, the Vicar of Wo burn." "I, am very, pleased to see you," answered Flor ence. . . "So you have come to spend some little time with us, I hear?" continued the Vicar, with a benign smile. . "I hope so, at least," replied Florence, smiling also. "My poor uncle, who bought this place, in tended to corns In tho spring, but unfortunate ly— r-" "Ho was cut off," proceeded Mr. Meadowdew, as Florence paused. "We heard of his untimely death with : deep sorrow. But we must be pre pared for these sad events In this world, Miss Dane. A year age I bad a great loss; my poor wife was taken away from me, and now I am a lonely man." "That must have boon a terrible trouble?" "It was; hut time Is tho great consoler, Miss Dane, and my pom- lost one was a sad Invalid for six months' before her release. It was, no doubt, a mercy when she was taken." "Have you any children?" "Two little darlings; but you must come and see them. I feel sure by your face that you love children." "I have not been much In the way of them." "But the love of children Is born In the hearts of good women. Nature Is their teacher; the lisp of Infant music In their ears." Florence could not help smiling. "Shall I have many neighbors?" she said, by way of changing the conversation. "Not many, but still there are some pleasant families living in and around the village. But it Is a quiet spot. I trust you, accustomed to the great city, will not weary; of It." "Oh, I love the country, you know. My father was a country clergyman, and I was brought up in a very quiet home." "A country clergyman! Is this indeed so? It seems to make a bond between us already. No longer shall I fear that you will despise our humble lives." Mr. Meadowdew stayed nearly an hour after this, and before he left he had invited Florence to have afternoon tea at the Vicarage on the follow ing day, "to meet some of your new neighbors and see my little ones," he added, and Florence ac cepted tho Invitation; and Mr. Meadowdew left the Hall in a most pleasing frame of mind. "What a charming yonng creature!" he re flected, as he walked down the long avenue; "and her wealth, how much good It could do to others, and I feel sure she has a generous heart." And visions — partly beneflcent, partly worldly — began floating through his brain. Even a bishopric was not impossible In the dim future, aud lawn sleeves grew gradually familiar to his mind. He exerted himself, therefore, to mako his pro posed afternoon tea on the following day a suc cess. Men It was impossible to procure, and the Vicar himself and his curate were the sole repre sentatives of the nobler sex. But there were several ladles present. Three Misses Chamber lain, two Misses Dixon, and so on. In all, about o dozen, and there was quite a little stir In the room when the Vicar's neat parlor-maid announced "Miss Dane." Mr. Meadowdew hurried forward to receive her with beaming smiles, and the various ladles gazed at her with curious, and some, It must he ad mitted, with envious eyes. The Vicar introduced her right and left, and finally led forward two pretty children. "These are my littlo ones," he said, and Flor ence bent down and kissed each rosy face. "Are 'ou the pretty lady farder told us about?" Inquired a smart youngster of six, fixing his round blue eyes on Florence's face, and the Vicar was so delighted with the Intelligence of his off spring that he mentally determined to give him sixpence the moment Miss Dane was gone. "Farder told us to tell 'ou that he said 'ou were pretty," continued Master Jack, delighted with his cleverness, and the Vlear resolved at once that the slxpenco should remain In his own pocket, arid some of tho ladles (Including Florence) laughed. But this little Incident did not long disturb Mr. XfooHftw/lnur'a sorAnltv. wns In his element when he was surrounded by women, and he had smiles for all. "This is Miss Bessie Chamberlain," he said, leading forward a pleasant-looking woman, no longer very young, "who Is as good as a second curate to me, I assure you. Miss Dane, among the poor and needy. Nay, better than any curato, for a woman's tender aid is always better than a man's." Poor Bessie Chamberlain! She blushod like a girl, for the Vicar's praise was sweet to Iter ears, and then proceeded to introduce her two sisters to Florence. Miss Chamberlain, the elder one, had given up all pretensions to youth; but the younger, Eva, was a bright-faced, clever-looking girl, almost pretty, and entered at once Into con versation with Florence. In the meanwhile, Mr. Gibson, the good-looking curate, who had a straight nose and dark ex pressive eyes, had been fixing an admiring gaze on Florence, and he now advanced and asked the Vicar to present him to Miss Dane. Mr. Meadowdew thought this was forward of Mr. Gibson, hut as Florence had overheard the re quest, he could not refuse. "My curate," he said, with a slight emphasis, which the young man heard and understood, but he was not the least abashed. He bowed low, and began talking in a pleasant voice. "I hope you are not disappointed with Wo burn?" lie said. "No, I am agreeably surprised," answered Flor ence. "Of course this Is not the month to see a coun try placo to advantage," continued Mr. Gibson, "but still February has always a charm to me; It is so full of hope of brighter days. It 13 at least the spring-time." "I assure you, Miss Dane, that we have many lovely rural spots about here," Interrupted the Vicar, who had no Intention of allowing his curate to moropollse his new parishioner. "In your own park are many mossy nooks and dells, and truly magnificent trees — the growth of centuries! Ah, ah! to think that our little lives pass away, and these noble products of the soil remain! Such Is life!" "I remember my poor uncle telling me thero were some fine trees ; I must make their acquaint ance," answered Florence, smiling. "They are even worthy of that honor," said tho Vicar with his best bow, and In the same strain he talked until Florence rose to go. She was the first lady who did so, 'and the Vicar, of course, could not leave Ills other guests. But, to his strong disgust, tho curate asked If he might he nllowed to escort Miss Dane homo, and Florence accepted the offer. The Vicar, however, went to the hall door with Florence, and when she and the curate started on their way Mr. Meadowdew followed the figures of the young pair with wrathful eyes. "Gibson forgets himself; I must get rid of him," ne inougnt, angrily. The curate, on the other hand, was quite happy. He took Florence the longest way through the Park home; he talked of heavenly and earthly things with equal ease. He was really well read, and I10 made the most of It, and spoke of philosophy and theology as though he had mastered the secrets of the universe. Still, he rather interested Florence, and she was not dis pleased when he asked leave to call on lier. "It Is such a pleasure to talk to anyone whose mind soars above tho common sordid things around us," he said. "Good-bye, Miss Daue; you have given a bright half-hour to my life." (To be continued.) 