PSOPU£ SAY: THAT Jim Goodfellow held his first auc tion sale on Saturday. He. was a bit husky, but that will wear olT'in time. That a gentleman made the following return to-the Income Tax Commissioners -" For the last three years my income has been somewhat under £150. In fu ture it will be precarious,, as the man is dead of whom I borrowed the money." That the total South Australian vote on Methodist Union is as follows For, 5310;-against, 1791 ; neutral, 1241. That some people can't be got to vote on any matter-not even on union. That we all wear masks and act onr little parts,'and .we don't know all that we are acting until we lie awake at' night feeling very ill, and then-we know a l'ot of things. . ? That the Japanese neither eat meat nor drink milk. No cows, sheep, pigs, goats, nor donkeys in Japan, and but few horses and dogs. ,. ' " That to-day (Wednesday) is positively the last day for registering your dog. Forms at Free Press, office. That" Mrs. Herbert Bootlv is one of the few whom the Salvation Army. cos tume becomes."-Presbyterian. > i That " the Army uniform, becomes' all who wear it."-War Cry. ' That the State School in this colony costs the public ^"665,446^11111 ually. That a blotting-paper towel is the lat est. After bathing, you dress in a. suit of blotting;-paper, aud are as dry as a bone, in a second. ' That the Station-street ghost may be consulted between, the hours of 7.30 and 11 p.m. He goes home then; That there are two women now .living in the London Metropolis who have, each given birth to 25 children.. That Mrs. 1-Iare, of Harlesden, is: the mother of 27 children. : - . : That a Scotch weaver tops the pofe. In the 17th century he and his wife had lio fewer than 62 children. . That, tlie difference between a lady and. ;a~wel|, would-be' lady, is easily seen at a'public function. The lady'is a lady, and'the wouldrbe wants to be; and.doesn't know how. . . : , ? . . ' Thatthe ..'first bridge constructed- at G'oulburn was finished' in, September 1834. . That the first person buried at what is now " Upper Picton Cemetery" was-. Jos eph Yates, April 17th, 1834. 