AN UNEXPECTEID GREETINOG. cA.PTEr VII. " BssE, my pet, I wish you would do me a favour." Bessio looked up from her coffeeo cup with a pale little smile. She was very pale and frightened-looking tbis morning; Frank thought vexedly his mother and sister must be less kind than he thought them, to have broken the bright young spirit so completely. " A favour ?" she echoed with a nervous laugh, "ask'and have, my lord and master." "Ah I but I come a begging. My chanoellor of the exchequer should not be too ready-to grant snppliee, ehould she, mother 2" He laughed, and turned to his mother, trying, as his usual custom was, to draw these discordant elements together, even in jest. But Mrs, Monteith did not answer at once. She was noticing with a esort of angry terror the otrious whiteness that crept over Besasio's rose-tinted skin, the nervous twitbching of the soft childish lips. And the girl herself was miserably oonesious of this scrutiny, conscolous too. of the wolfish glare in Oasilda's haggard eyes, conscious that the moment she so shrank from and dreaded, was at hand. But strength came to her in her supreme agony, and she answered with an imitation of her husband's jesting tone, that only sounded abso lately hollow and unreal in her own strained ears: " Very well; I am open to correc tion, my dear. When I fully under starid, I will entertain your applion tion, that is, if I think it reasonable." "C ool upon my word 1" Frank said, rising and standing on the hearth-rug with his back to the fire, and his cheery face turned in upon the little group. "I must be careful what lessonsr give to snuch a sharp little financier as you. Well - in plain English I want you to lend me a ten Spound-note for a few days." Orash came the.pretty little china onp that Bessie had been holding; the Shot cofifee ran down the front of her delicately frilled morning dress, scorched her slender fingers and wrung from her a little hysterical cry of pain. In a moment Frank waee at her side so concerned at her misfortune and evident distress, that he altogether forgot the subject they had been dis cuasaug. " Why, Bessie, how can you be so awkward 2" he cried, examining the red trembling fingers anxiously. "Are you much hurt, my darling ?" "No, no I" she cried, half.laughing half-crying, and trembling so violently that in spite of her reassuring words he still felt a little alarmed. "I am only stupid, and-and just a little damp." She shook out the limp discolored frills that were so good and welcome a pretext for'escape, and ran precipi. tately out of the room. * Frank looked puzzled for a second or two; then muttering some india tinet apology he followed her, catch. ing as he passed into the ball the mocking echo of Casildn's shrill die· cordant laugh. No sooner had he disappeared than Ire. Monleith, who had been silently fuming all through the scene, broke into angry and impulsive speech. " A pretty little dramatio interlude I What does it mean, I wonder 2" She spoke rother to herself than to her daughter, who was neither a safe nor a favorite confidante. But Oasilda's answer caoms with a certain bitter promptnoesse. "Shall I tell you the meaning, mother? Mrs. Frank Monteith is a clever actress, and she devised on the spur of the moment an admirable exit from a trying and very embarassing situation." S"You mean that--" "I moean that, not having the money for which Frank asked, money that he has evidently confided to her charge, she took refuge in hysteria and an accident." Mrs. MIontFith frowned and bit her under lip sharply. Her own nsuspicions were certainly aroused; but she did not choose to foster those of Casildn. "You always go too far, child," she said reprovingly, "andl neveor believe in a motive that lies on the surface. One would think you wished to sow the seeods of diseonsion be tween Frank and his wife." " As I do," Casilda oried sanvagely. "Did he not do tlhe same good ofiloo once for me ? But I need not trouble myself, mother, the seeds are sown already, and unless I am much mis taken, Frank will have a goodly crop to reap." Mrs. Monteith naswered only by an impatient sigh, and moving into the pretty bay window, took up the morn ing paper, and apparently devoted herself to a very diligent perusal of its contents. It was useless, bshe know, to arguo with Caseilda, and she already regretted the one impulsive speech that had given the halfguesseod subject an opening. But deep at the bottom of her own heart lay the same conviction that her daughter had so pnssionately avowed. • There was some mystery in Bessio's life, some strange secret between bus band and wife. Presently Frank came bnolk, a etangely altered Frank, as his mother saw with a sAcoreot dread, and Casilda with an almost open exultation. His face had lost all its hoealthy oolour, his brows contracted, and Iis eyes had a new look of anger and dis tress. Mrs. Moutaith even fanicnid that his hand trembled a little, as he buttoned up hisie coat, that firm strong hand, whoso mnsoloe had always seemed made of steel, OCasilda, standing with one slender loot on the polished steel fender, watchod her brother's reflection in the holly.framed glens, and road the story of his troubled face eriglt, beO fore she turned with affoected eym pathy, and said in her very softest tone: " You boar your wife's pain for her, Flank. Yos look the very ghost of yoareolfl" "Do I ?" he said, with a little start and a forced smile. "I have been vexed, that is, I am getting nervous and womanish. I let trifles upset me." " Sush trifles as-the want of ten pounds, for instance ?" she replied. He frowned, and winced a little under the unwavering scrutiny of those strange, burning eyes, that seemed to read the most secret thoughts of his soul, but he answered with well-feigned lightness: "You are fanciful, Caseie. One must not own to even a temporary impecuniosity in the hearing of a rich woman." He turned towards the door with a cheery "good day mother," but be. fore he could reach it Casilda's taunt. ing voice recalled him. "Stay one moment," abshe cried eagerly. "Frank, let mo lend you that ten pounds which you need, sinee your wife cannot or will not." The blood rushod hotly back to Frank MIonteith's face. He felt the sting of those maliciously emphasised words, and a quick and angry answer rose to his lips, but he bit them sharply to keep it back. He would not give his sister the cruel atisefaction of seeing how deeply she had wounded him. " No, thank you 1" he said, meeting her sharp glance impenetrably, and ignoring the latter part of her speech altogether; and then, with a nod to the harraesed-looking woman in the window, he was off and away. " You see, moth-er," Casilda cried, bringing her thin hando together in a sort of feverish rapture as the door olosed behind him, "I was right." Mrs. Mlonteith dropped the paper over whose top she had been steadily gazing for the last ten minutes, and removed her glasses with a very shaky hand. "You are cruelly wrong, as I told you before, child. Suppose there is a skeleton in poor Ferank's cupboard, is it not much better to let him keep the horrid thing well under lock and key, than drag it out into the daylight to shatter all our nerves with the ghastly eight ?" "You are for peaea at any price, mother, and the condonation of all wrong; but, as you should know by now, I do not share your creed." Ousilda spoke quietly, but with the old, fierce, contemptuous smile on her thin lips; and Mrs. Monteith listened and looked at her with the old ming ling of fear and entreaty in her hand some eyes. "I am for peace; why should I deny it ? I am sure it is the greatest earthly blessing that can fall to ouar share," the poor worried woman said deprecatingly; " and as for condoning wrong, you really are talking high flown nonsense, ianud you know it, CaRsilda. Bessio may Iave .bon a little extravagant-it is hardly to be expected that such a mere child should manage money wisely-and it is quits certain that her husband is displeased with her; but she has done no wilful wrong; I am abhsolutely sure of that." " Be happy in that belief till the hour of conviction comes," Casilda said with a sneer. " B3essieio shonuld thank heaven for surch a mother in law. You are more credulous than Frank himself. I think if you could look into his heart just now, you would find neither peace nor faith there." The spiteful guess of the half-mad Casilda came oruelly near the mark. It was indeed with a cruel ache in his honest, loving heart that Frank went forth to his work that day. His absolute feith in Besetsio had received a ersel shock, and though he would not and did not doubt her yet in any largo tiing, the thought that she could be faithless in small things out him to the heart. He could still sosee the pallor of thei small faoe, tihe piteous pain of the large, lovely eyes, as the girl owned in a small, shaken voiceo that the money be bhad given her but two days bhek wes gone. "The cloak money I" he repeated in a bewildered tone, failing at first to take in thie full meaning of her'words, "the twenty ponndsl BI Dessio, I am not going to reolaim my gift. I only want to borrow one of the notes until I come back to- night." But Bessio, or thIe white-faced, wild.eyed, haggard creature, who had takon thie plaoe of his bright Boss, only shook her golden heed, and reiterated her frightened ery: "It is gone I " "But you did not order and pay for the polise P " " Neo," " You did not lose it ? " For one soeond she hesitated, and he knew with a sudden siokening cer tainty that sheo was wondering whether she dared lie to him so boldly; but she east the temptation from her with a little shudder. In all his misnry of uspeiioon he could still he thankful for that. "No," she said hurriedly, and in broken acconts. "I did not lose it." " Then what in heaven's name did you do with it ? Beosio, this is no trifling question, our happiness, my trust in you is at stake. It is not the money ; all I have is youre; but this mystery betweeoon us is horrible and nenatural. How could a girl like you squander twenty pounds in a day ? It is impossible. You have no debts 9 " "Yea--yeso," Besie brolce in with a little gasping cry-" thatwas it,Frank, it wsnt----to pay a debt." " A debt; but what can you owe? Do I not see your books every week ? unloss, indeed, it was a debt con troeted before your marriage ?" "Yes, yes, before my marriage l" the girl criod in the same strained tone, while her blue eyes wandered in a restless, frightened fashion round and round the pretty dresasing.room, hut never rested on'lor husband's rind, troubled feoo, perhaprs booeanuno thoy could not bear to read the pain and disappointment written there. There followed a paisnfl silonoo, tilled with an agony of hanmo for the one, withl a sharpnessn of reoalied doubt for tire other; then with an effort Franlk swallowed his bitter pill manfnlly enough. "Well I" he said with an effort, " you have hurt mo, Bessie; but I will not spoil our first Chriotmae together, so we most not talkl of thins again. But-thoro must be no more debt and no more mysteriee, child, or goodbye to happineso for you and me." There was a touch of plathos in tile grave full tonte, a lool: in the dark eyes that went straight to Bcs.ie's aching heart, filling it wiith an in tolerable agony tbhat yet hbad a touch of rapture too. " Wars ever husband so generous ase this, eo bravo and loyal and trnue ?" she thought, hber whole being thrilled through and through with gratitude and grief. Could Heaven make moen o dissimilar as Franuk .onteith and-and that other of whom eho had once made an idol too, of whom she now ouhnddered to think. "Oh, Frank, my darling I" slo cried, Sflinging both orma about his neck sobbing her pa.sionate heart out, and hiding her ebamed face uponi that loyal breast, " trust me a little, only a little longer, my own true love, and nothing ehail come btween us ever hgain. Traet mo and forgive me, Frank, or my heart will break." The pasionante prayeor was not us.n bheeded, though it brought only afresh fulness of conviction to the listener's sore hseat. Frauk kissed the flushed cheek and unclasped the little trembling hands that clung about his neck, anid soothed thie girls hyeterieoal agitation with grave and gentle words of loving truetfulneses. They parted without the quarrel that Casilda had hIoped for, but yet, as they had never parted before; and both felt ns the door closed between them that something inestimably pro cious ehad been stolon from their happy double life, and both mourned over it. And so while Frank hurried we?t ward miserably pondering the inex· pliceable scene, Bsesio flung herself face downwards on the bed and cob bed hervery heart out in tears that should have stained her handkerchief deep red, for they seemed veritable tears of blood. " Nobler even tlan I thought you," she sobbed aloud iu her agony; "so generous in your anger, so gentle in your own lnero pain. Oh, Frank I my husband, heaven knows how. gladly I would die rather than grieve or wrong you. And yet, freshly for given, I must deceive you onee again." CIrPrER VIo. "Do not let me disturb you, pray." Bessie Mionteith looked up from her desk with a start, colouring, as COasilds thought, in a wholly unnecessary and enspicions fashion, though she an swered her frigidly-put qluestion calmly enough: "You do not disturb me; the room is large enough to hold us both, Casilda. Besidee, I have finished writing now and am at liberty." hBbe blotted her manuseeript with deliberate care (well knowing what feverish and spiteful watch her sister in-law wos keeping on her every movement), folded and pinced it in her large bousekeeper's purse, and en walking over to the open window and looked with a little shiver out at thie old, snow-covered world. " A typical Christmas eve, but per Ihaps none the more agreeable for that," ekshe said, sith a desperate attempt to make easy and indifferent conversation for this terrible guest of hers. But Casilda answered with nn graoioeus abruptness and her ever ready frown: "I hate the typical ChristmeB and everything belonging to it-enow, and robins, and red-berries, and all." "Even its peace and goodwill?" Bessie ventured softly, and rather to herself than this intolerant listener. " Those most of all," the girl broke in fiercely, " there is no pe?neo in my heart and no goodwill, Mrs. Frank Montoith. Why then should I feign either for the world ?" A passionate hatred shone in her dark eyes, and sounded in her ringing, soinful tone,; but there weas no anueswering anger in Beossio's fnas. She had reasons stronger thean any she dared own for pitying and bearing with the half-frenzied girl, whoso life had been so oruelly wreaked, who could see no beauty in God's fair earth and no goodness in man, be cause the desire of her heart had beeoon denied. So she did not answer now, only knitted her pretty, fine brows and turned her troubled blue eyes away from the beautiful haggard faeoo it was a pain to look upon. "'Why do you not lecture me I" Oasilda went on tauntingly; "a few pretty plitiatudes on my undiseiplinea spirit and ungoverned tongue would be so eoothing and appropriate, would come so well from you, whoao lifo is all transparent innooouce, serene peace, and well- ordered oalm. I have given you an excellent text--now for the sermon, please." Bessie's colour came and went. She was no miraalo of patienoe in a general way, no Griselds sworn to bear any amonut of ill-nesgo and insult from her husband and her hus band's kin that they might ohoose to treat her to. She had the passions of her kind, and as a rule they were not under absolute oonlrol. But something hold them in oheak noW. She looked with kind and wistful eyes at the girl who vwas so determined to regard her as an enemy, and answeored with grave pationoo : "When have I tried to leoture you, Oasilda ? When have I done anything but wish we aould be friends ?" [lho loft tit room then, waiting for no answer, knowing well that any (Plilds gave wou:ld only beh a signal for the renoewal of strcife, and went wearily up the stairs, feeling that one more burdon was added to the well nigh unboarable weight of her already arelshing saroI. " Why does shea hate me so ?" she ansled, recalling witlh au almost super. sittious dread, the baloal glare of the great, dark eyes. " She cares nothing for her brother, and it is not as though habO know." And meantime Cnsila, left to her self was oonasoious of a strange, un wonted involuntary softening to this gentle, not to be provoked foe of horn, Something in the tone of those ,istful, perting words, cemod to touch como chord in her memory, in the oddat, meet porplexing way. "Ba friends!" hbe repeated, in - slow, meditative tone. " ( EIue were herself alone, and I hbo Casilda Mhon teith of the old days, I might hame liked her, even loved her; rs it is bob, what a foo! I am. Shoe innothig to me, neither fr'iend tor foe, only the:o wepon with which I many clay my enemy, only my brother's wife." As oho spol:e the ongry, mooking words iun a peCion of renctionary hate, her wandering, restlesrs glance fell on the blotting-pad that Baesie had lately need, and die Enatched it up with a quick, little exclamation of delight. There on the fair white eurf.ce, the two or three lines that Beceis had written wcere distinctly visible in her l?igo, legible hand, and as Casilda held the b!otter up to the gleeass, shs read off her eitoer-in-larw'e mo?ago as easily as though it were in print. It wans written apparently in tele graph form, and ran as followe: To Mte. enlcnse , Cr.en-itreet, ftund. Will b withl you bet;,oen four and five. Im poesiblh t come ibefore. Casilda's eyes blared with a wicked triumph, and her face grew very white. " At last, at last I " she oriaed, and there was a sort ?feolemu triumph in her tone. "Measure for measure, Mr. Frank Montoith, I think it is my turn to break an idol now." With slow and deliberate care, ehe removed the tell-tale sheet from the blotter, and transferring it to her pocket-bookl, seat herself down to think, to lay out a plan that should make her vengeance absolute and complete. " There must be no loose threads, no loophole to slip through," she thought, oronouhing over thle fire lilke a meditative witch. " How for tunate that mother should spend the day in town --her presecne would have spoiled all." Shbo did not soe Beseis till lunob time, snd by that time all trace of unouual excitement lhad faded from her manner; indeed she was so much less snappish and exacting than usual that her young hostess almost began to think her soft answer had sufficed "to turn away wrath." She herself nwas n little nervous and uneasy over the oommunication she had to make, never guessing how well prepared tho other was to receive it. "I em going to desert you this afternoon, Casilda," she said, eaud denly, looking up from her plate with a nervous and by no means suceesful attempt at a propitiatory smile. "I find that quite unexpectedly I must go up to town," " To meet Frank 4" Casilda asked with well-feigned carelessness and an inner smile at the other's hot and painful blush. " No--no-to-in short it is a little business - stupidly forgotten until now." "Business that cannot wait until your merry Obristmas is over ?" Besesi looked sharply up, but Oaseilda's head had fallen back among the pillows, her eyes closed as though in utter wearinesa, her white face was absolutely expressionles. " No, it cannot wait," she answered hurriedly. "I am sorry to leave you alone, but-" " There is no need for grief. Frank and my mother will be hero by seveln." "And I long before that. What is it, Casilds ?" She asked the question anxiously and a little angrily; there was some thing so weird and mocking in her sieter-in-law'e laugh. But Oasilds answered with unusual enauvity : " I merely laughed at your ooncern for me; do you know I am always most happy when I have only my own thoughts for comopany? And to day my thoughts are really pleasant, long-looked for and exposted friends." Bessie turned away with a sigh, hopeless of understanding this in comprehensible creature, and doubt ful whether she were offended now or not. But she had no time to spare in considering Casilda'', caprieos with real and urgent troubles of her own filling her overy thought, and pre. cently bad almost forgotten her exist once as bshe hurried away to the sattion and, ns Oasilda fanoied with cruel triumph, to her fate. Years seemed to roll over the onxious watohor's head, as she waited with brain and heart on fire for the olosing of the hall- door, for tho eight of the slender girl-figure, wrapped in its rich saoft frs, flitting through the mist and darkness of the Dcoombor after noon, for the night, and sound that should assure her she too was free to cot. At last both came,' and she sprang from her chair with a passionato oex clamation of relisf.. " I thought eshho wnld never go. I thought I ahbould go mad," she cried ofeverishly, as ahbo pulled the bell with a frantio energy, that brought Kor shewa quiskly in, with a look of alarm in her prim face, a look that avs cer tainly not dissipated by Mist M[on teith's opening words: " Bring my onal- skin hatand jacket, I am going out at ones I" The woman stared and hesitated. Her mistress was not likely to stand mush opposition when she isslued a direct command; but still, as her glance wandered from the fioreo, fra gile creature, in whom there seemed only the streungth of fevor left, to the thiak-lying now, and steal-grey sky of the bitter winter day,.aho thought that her oare must have deceived her. Surely, surely, seo cobillid 'not have an dorstood aright. (To be contitiued.) *--------L--r:4 _ 