OASE OF INVOLUNTARY PERSONATION. cAPERn xn (COnoTrus:D.') DHn Muannoeo ground his teeth to. gother and almost snarled, nas it occurred to him that even now, just as success-a success he had hardly dared to dream of-was crowning his efforts, now that 1Daphne had yielded, and her father had given his eon0ent, all his castles might crumble to the earth; and leave him standing among the ruins, if not buried beneath them. What also could FlMrrio's apparition moan but his uumasking and her ultimate triumph ? " Her coming bodes no good to me," he muttered-for sure enough it was Florrio herself in the flesh. " I am not such a fool as to believe in ghosts. Anyhow, bhe is but a girl, and she can't be far off. I must find her, and got her away at any price or risk." Gliding cautiously along in the shadow of the wall he watched and waited, making no more noise than a prowling cat. A few minutes elapsed, then he saev a tall, slim form glide past him and approach the drawing. room windows. Swift as thought he followed, and as he did so, she, look ing back, quickened her steps and vanished. For a moment Dan's keen eyes lost sight of her, but only for a moment. " Sihe has entered the cloisters," hle said to himself, "and thinks to hide there and escape me. But she is ignorant of the fact that at the end of the cloisters is the armoury, and from that-she is suro to take refuge in it -there is no escape. I shall just shut the door upon her and take her prisoner." He followed, flooeet and noiseless as a shadow, pursuing the fugitive down tihe long flight of terrace steps, through the old ruined chapel that looked very weird and ghostly in the waning light, and along the cloisters. As he expected, sloe took refuge, in the armoury, a square stone chamber that had once been the prior's cell, the door of which stood open. Hero -brought to bay-lshe turned to face her tormentor (reeognieing in him the man who had persecuted her with his attentions, and destroyed all her chances of happiness-at St. Elmo ; and gentlo an lso was her blue eyes blazed like napphires. Closing the door behind him, lhe slipped tile bolt, thus shutting him self in with her; then, loaning his back against the panels, he plunged hIis hands into his pockets, and looked at the angry yet frightened girl, laughing softly to himself-a noiso less, exasperating laugh. " You are Florence Thornley. I recognise you. What brings you hero ?" " I come to find my father, to take my rightful place, and to prove to him that you are nothing but an im postor." "You are, of course, prepared to prove your statements ?" "I am, else I should hardly be here," was the young girl's fearless answer. " What proofs have you ?" " That is my business, and does not concern you." It surprisoed him to see such dignity and courage in such a slip of a girl. And then, the more he looked at her the more convinued he felt that if ones Lord Soarlott were to set eyes on her face no doubt could linger in his mind as to her identity, so striking, even startling, was her resemblanooe to her dead mother, whose portrait hung in the library. Father and daughter must not moot; but how was he to hinder that moot ing ? At any moment, wore she to cry for help, Lord Soarlett or Daphne might appear on the soone, and, were such a catastrophe to ocour, his onse, he realisod, would be irretrievably lost. The door, a thilnk, solid one, was closed and barred, it is true, but the window was open. In fact, it would be impossible to close it, the panes having long oinoo disappeared, only the stone fretwork of the window ro mainiug. He glanced from right to loft ; tley were alone; then, round the walls that were hung with overy sort of dagger, sword, and spear. On the table lay soveral guns and pistols, which had boon taken down to be oloanodand loft. A profound stillness reigned. No one over came to this distant part of the building no late in the evening, least of all the servants, who firmly belioved in the grey lady of Boarsdalo, who was supposed to haunt the ruined oloistors of 8oaredalo. "'I wondar," said Modrdooh, "that you, a weak, helplese girl, dare to sot me at doefiance as you do-to faeoo mo hero alone-knowing as you must that there is nothing to hinder me from klilling you, stabbing yon with one of these spears, and hiding your corpso in the crypt." "Nothing oould hinder you cor tainly," retorted the girly foearleosly, " But be asre of this, your sin would find you out, I may bo woak and helpless; friendless I am not. My friouds--oh II am not going to toll you their names or their position. My friends sent moe hloere to-day. They Inow I have comeo, they saw me enter the gates, and if I should not return, they will come in soarch of me, and they will not roest sauntisfied till they find me dead or alive." "Oh I so you took that preoaution did you ? You are not, it appears, as. simple as yoe look, with those big blase eyedo of yourn.' It Wrs just as well you wo~o co wise." And as hoe pokho he tookl down from the wall a long, slharp spear, with a glittering blade, malting passes withll it unpleaoantly signifloant, espoeially as tlhey wore asoompanied with sidelong glaneoos, sinister and pitiless. Suddonly thIe fieoroeness died out of his pallid face, replaeod by cuoning, and seating hlimself on the edge of the table, he said, in a voice he meant to be peronasive: "Now liston to mo, Florrio Thorn1 loy, and I tliuk we eon come to terms, You have come hoer no as a claimant, 'The oldim is a jnst one ; but truth in this world does not always some off ootuenror. Lot nus lanop hands. If you will promile to become my wife I will be your firm al!y. I have con siderable influence with Lord Scarlett, more perhaps than anyone elO, lie will listen to me. I will explain to him that there has boon a mietaok of identity- such midatlee are often mado-I will tell him that Daphne was a foundling whom I saw for the firt litimo in Cornwall, and whom I had roeEon to believe was the real Lady Florence, because of the papere and certificates found in her peoseeion -papers which I will sogge:t lho donbtlece clolo from you during the time you atayed with iher it her London lodgings. I will makIe it clear to Lord Scarlctt, whose heart has never really warmed to Daphne, that hie nover wae, but that you are, his long lost daughter. D1)phno can do nothing, Sho kuows shel has boon my dupe. Sho is afraid of being called my anccomplice." Florrio all this time stood listening, transfixed with horror and diegust, wondering, as she trifled with one of the unloaded revolvers in her hand, whether this dreadful man with tho black bend-like eyes and sinister smile were really wicked or only mad. What was all this talk about Daphne ? Whet could Daphne Doyle her lout friend-bo doing at Scarsdale? For her mother, Sister Doloroen, at the advice of Claude, had refrained from dragging Daphne's name into the discussion, preferring to lot Florrio think in cae the two should meet that Daphne had been a guest at Boarsdalo. It had further boon arranged that Claude and "Lady Scarlott" should remain at the lodge-gates, and that Florrio should go on to the honeo, hoping that, coming upon the old poor unawares, he might, on the impulse of the moment, welcome her to Scare dale ; and they would follow in her footsteps, after the interval of an hour. " Seoo hero, soo here, Florrio," oriod Dan Murdoob, pantingly, glancing towards the window as he spolke, like a trapped animal searoling for some way of escapel; "coo lihre; I have all those papers in my possesiion papers that will prove your identity and save yoa a' world of troublo. I will help yoti'too; only swear not to betray me. Swear to be my wife. Daphne has promised to marry me, it is true. She is afraid of losing her fortune. As the daughter of Lord Scarlett, I asled her to marry me; but I. hate her--I hato her almost as much as she hates me. I only wanted her assistanooe. She was part of my plot. But you, Florrio, you know I always loved you. Did I not ask you to be my wife six months ago, before I had ever set eyes on Daphne, before I over know that you were the daughter of a poor 9" He plunged hin hand in his pookeot as he spoke, but before be bad time to take out the papers a flash-was it of lightning ?-- illuminated the gloomy, monastic chamber, causing the swords and dagger-blades on the wall to glitter, followed by a sharp report, and Dan Murdoch, throwing up his arms, sank back with a groan and fell in a lifeless heap on the stony floor. For a moment the girl remained transfixed, motionless, petrified by fright and dismay. Her first thought was that the end of the world had come; then, reason returning, she realised that a shot had been fired. Approaching the body in the dim, wan light-the rising moon that fil tered through the fretwork of the shat tIrod window - she plainly saw the bullet.wound in the temple that had ouent Dan IMurdoah to his last account. Who could have fired it ? Was it possible that the revolver she hold in her hand had boon loaded and had gone off without her knowledge ? Had eho inadvertently through careless noess committed a crime ? But no i'slio know, hoe had partiou larly notitod that the pistol was uun loaded. Thion the cool air blowing through the window reminded her that the window was open, and no she glanced towards it she saw a film of emoko dispersing outside the win dow. Swift as thought Florrio leaped through it-it was not more than two foot from the ground-and hurrying along the corridor searhoed carefully in every corner. No sign of any human form did she find. She turned to retrnce her stops, when suddenly a hand was laid upon her shoulder. Turning sharply she rooeognised Daphne in the moon light, but Daphne grown toll years older. oHer face was worn, her eyoe sunlken, nand the smile on lher lips made Floreneoo shudder. "I have caught you red-hanuded, you wicked girl. You would like to dooeive people with your soft looke 'lind your ;bluo eyos; but you have Mjurdoro~alani Murdooh novdrthoeleoss. "I have niurdorod Dan Murdoch 2" repeated Florrio. "I 2" "Oomo now; it's all very well playing innoeoonce, but you cannot *deny that you loaped from the window of the armoory a few minutes ago. You cannot deny the foact that Dan Murdooh lieson there murdered, shot through the head; and scO, you still hold the' pistol with which you shot him, in your hand." "Yoa believe that I-I mur doeroed that poor, unhappy man ? Oh, how ornuel you are I What have I done to you, Daphno, that you should hate mo so ?" " What have you done to me, you ral ? Youn.hav done me the greatest injury ono woman can do anothor. You have come betweeoon me and the man who is dearer to me than lifo; you havt robbed mo of hio love. For that I hato yon--oh, I hate yonl ol" hissed the girl who, panting with passion, pale as a corpoe, with eyou tlhat ebot forth lurid flames, loolkod so fleoreo--more like one of the fabled furies indooeed than a buman being, as she clutched her rival by theI arm and eho;si her-that Florrio, thlinling Daphno had ouddenly gone mad and moatl to kill her there in the grim lonaelinesso of thIe cloisters, hranli back with a shrill, piorcingo cry, and turnoed as if to talke flight from her poroecntor, Daphno, however, had evidently no intention of allowing her oeneomy to oneape. Gripping her by the shoulder, she foraod Florrio, half-dead with frigh, to fnooa her, What would here happened, it is impossible to say \--to ueh a pitch of maniacal frenzy hid Daphne worked hborelf up-had not, the Eound of rapidly approacohing footsteps and the fitch of lanterns warned them that Florrio's cry had raied the alarm. Both girls turned in the direction whence he o sound proceeded and caw ia group of people hurrying towards them-so it appeared in the flickering uncertain light. The group however reduced itself to two peroena--a mRn and a woman. As the la.terns' llama flashed on the faco of the former; Daphue, relinquishing her hold of her rival, ftell back with a cry of dismay as she recognised Claude Dennis. " S. you have come (" sioe gasped. "I have come, Daphne, as I told you I should. I wanted to save you. You would not be caved. I wanted to be your friend. You would not accept my friendship; and now I cnome as your accuser." But Daphne seemed not to hear his words. Certainly they did not terrify her. She fixed her eyes, that were like great glittering tnars, on the face of the woman who accompanied the sculptor. Vaguely csh felt that this figure, in the garb of a nuon; with the cwevot white troubled face, and " Florrio's " blue eyes, was Nemesis. In it flash of inspiration io gnapsead and grasped the truth. Claude had told her ha woe coming to Searodale to unmaslr imposture. That woman with the red crons on her shoulder, whose features exactly resembled the portrait in the library, must be the lost Lady Soarlett, Florrio'n mother, whom she and every one believed to be dead. With ia moan, partly of despair, partly of physical faintness, she stag gored baoliwards and loaned for sup. port against one of the seulptured columns of the cloister. Then, unable even to stand upright any longer, she sank lower and lower, till she lay crouching at the foot of the tall pillar, round which one arm wound itself, and against which her dark head rested. And as she lay there she made a picture suen as, in all her life as a model, she had never made bo fore, the outlines of her form lost in shadow, and the light of the rising moon falling full on her pioturosque, trngio, young face. At this moment a step-the leisurely heavy step of an elderly man-made itself hoard, eohoing through the huslhed silence of the deserted chapol. Presently he appeared in sight, brought to a standstill as his eyes fell on the faces of the intruders. It was Lord Scarlott. " Who is that ?" he gasped, point ing to the woman in the sister's dress. " Who is she Come to haunt and mook me with the face of my lost love ? The ghost of my Flor ones, older grown, but with the same dear eyes, only sadder, the same pale, wavy hair, only silver instead of gold," he murmured dreamily, asno a man might speak who walks and talks in his sloop. Softly the " sister" stole to his side, holding her daughter by the hand, and said: " It is not the ghost of your lost Florence; it is herself in the flesh. Seoo the ring you gave me, the betro thal ring you placed on my finger years ago, when I was a girl, and you believed in me. And this," drawing the younger Florenoo nearer to him, "is your daughter, our child, and for her salts I have come back, for her sake I ask you to forgive and forget." " Oh I don't, don't, my darling," groaned Lord 8carlott; " it is not you who should plead for, or who nooed pardon. It is I. I was arrogant, tyrannical, harsh. I insulted you by my unworthy suspicions; you who were pure and stainless as the angels in heaven. Can you really find it in your heart to forget the past, Flor ones ?" "No, Godfrey; it shall be beoauso of the past that I will forgive, and forgiveness shall be mutual I" And with these words she droew her self and Florrio into her husband's arms, and the three, who were honcoe forward to be all the world to eaoh other, were looked in a close embrace. Suddenly Lord Scarlott stopped bak ano if a now difficulty and doubt had occurred to him. " Stay," he said, passing his hand anoros his forehead, ano if bowildered. " There is something yet I do not un derstand. You bid me weolome this young girl as my daughter"-pointing to Florrio. "I rooogniso in her you as you weor when I wooed and won you, Florenoo; but how comeso it that -I don't underatand-I thought Dan Murdooh told me - brought me-" "Loet me answer that question," brokeo in a faint muffled veisoo behind them. Just for a moment, db' absorbing weor the foeelings that filled their hearts; thoy -had forgotten thlo. poor girl's existenoe. Now, turning, they saw her crouohod in an attitudo that was like her attitudes had oveor beoon-one of perfect grace at the foot of the great stone pillar. Gently, silently they gathered round her. Florrio, all resentment and terror lost in pity, slipped down boeido her, and pillowed the weary head with its eoronal ourlo againsuot her own soft breast, One ounutteorable upwardlook Daphne gave her out of her great dark eyes. T'hen, in a voion so faint and feeooble that it was little more than a breonth, sho began hier confession, pausing betwoon almost every word, broathing in Itboured gasps. "I am dying-I know itLdying of the poison that entored my "voits through the open wound oymv hand:. I am oarolose and ignoruint'I touobod the poisoned arrows-I wanted to pro pare a drink from lithe poison that was on them-for someonou else, I wae punielsod--it is just retribution. "It was I who killed Dan Murdoch. Ah I you start I You did not lnow he was dead p I shot him through the open window of theis armoury as he was talling to-Florio.-trying to poronade her to booomeo his saooom. plioes. Io feared hor--lknow nho, and she alone, possessed the power to un maok him. He offered to give her the papora - cortifieatoo - to prove her identity-if obo would sonoent to bo some his wift. lTo said ha wonula go to Lord Scarlett and explain that be had made a mistake. "I hliot hirm-- becaueo I hated her worse than I hated him-I wanted the cuspioion to fall on her. She hap pened to havo a pistol--uloaded in her hand--as I fired-I meant to fit the guilt upon her. Ah I you shudder-you draw back in horror from mo-I do not blame you-I--- " Now that death is close upon me, I feel the neod, a louging to unburden my coal and confess ell-all that I have done. I think I've been mad theseo laoot few day. It was porhaps the poiuon in my veins set my brain on fire. I don't think I wae meant to be a wicked, criminal woman. Jealousy drove me to it. I loved him "--pointing feebly to Claude- " with all the peasion of my Poul. lie loved Florrie. She came between us; I hated her. Alter that I hated all the world. 'Theo sun was darkened for me, and earth became a hell." Sho paused a moment to recover breath, passing one white band across her brow as if to dlear the mists that were clouding her brain-mists that wore the forerunners of the faTo that even now overshadowed her. " Of one thing I was innocent. I take heavon to witnass I had no idea of fraud. Until a wooeek ago, when Dan Murdooh confoosed to me the truth, I honestly believed myself to be the real Lady Florence Fortoscue, daughter of Lord Soarlett of Scare dale. When I refused to marry that villain, he threatened to go to Lord 8oarlott and toll him that I was an adventuross-that I bhd stolen the papers from Florrio when we wero together in lodgings in Acacia Croc cent. " I told him I would anowor him in a week. I wont to London to seeoo him, the man I loved bettor than life -ClaudoDonnis--in despair. I must have boon mad. I flung myself at his foot, and entreatod him not to seund me away. I offored to be his servant, his alave, Heo coldly, firmly repulsed me. Then, blinded with bitterness and fury, I took the opportunity, while he was out of the studio a few minutes, to empty the contents of a phial into some wine standing in a decanter. " It was poison I had prepared from the poison on the Indian arrows, which I had rubbed off. I thought it would kill him. I-I only poisoned myself- the poison entered into my system as I handled the arrows. It is better so. The fate that has over. taken me is but a just retribution. I deserva it. Don't weep for me, Florrio. How can you, when I tried to work you and the man you love such direful harm ? Don't weep; only pray, and you-her mother, sister of the sinful and sorrowful pray for me, that heaven will have morcy on my soul. It will listen to your prayers-it might not bear mine. I repent; but I am glad to die. For death means rest--rest from the bitter, coaseless ache, the cruel longing of a love that is all in vain." With these words, almost her last, the eyoes of the unhappy girl closed. Death was very near to her now. Through the silent oloisteor the wintry wind wailed liked a requieom for the departing spirit. Sister Dolorosa, kneoling by the dying Daphne, solemnly prayed for the peace of her troubled, burdened soul-prayed and prayed till at last a light, like nothing earthly, illumined the haggard but still beautiful face, and on the brow, as it were a baptism, Florrio's tear-drops that had fallen there glistened like silver in the misty. moonbeoms. "Forgiven, forgiven I Heaven's gate is open--oven to me ;' she mur mured. One swift, upward glanco full of love to the sweet face bonding above her, one movement of the lips, then the heavy lids closed for over, and with a long, long quivering sigh the soul of Daphne Doyle went forth. For a long time the four watchers remained motionless beside the corpse of the young model, more beautiful in death than sheilo had over boon in life ; then as the clock struck eleven the poor draw his wife aside, and whispered to her that they had better have the dead girl's body convoyed to the house. Claude stopped forward at once, and stooping, lifted the fair, pale corpso tenderly no one would a sleeooping child, and slowly, as though lie feared to wake her, carried her into tho silent, grand old house, and stopping in through the open French window of the library, laid her softly upon a couch. Then turning to Lord Soar. loett, who followed him with his noewly found wife, nud Florrio in tears, the young man said gravely: "I dare say, if you have bbon able as yet to spare me a thoughlt, you have wondered what has brought me hers to-day, and by what right I inter. fore, like an intruder, in what is purely a family affair I " The peeoor bout his head in silent token that he was giving full attention to all this stranger might. havo to say. "I am a aoulptor, I am making my way--carving not only roarble and stono, but I Ihope also a oneer for myself. I came hero partly to assist in .unmaskiug Dan Msirdoolh, an imr. poster, and to restore this lady," indi eating Lady boarlott, " to her rightful position, I bshould have come in any case very shortly, on another errand," he paused a moment, 'to uask for the hand of your daughter- LadyFlorono, Fortsonou." At thoe words the nobleman stopped back. A started oxprossion camo into his eyes. The old pride- bane anild ourse of his raon- roeao onel more to the surface and looked out of his grey eyes at the proesuming stranger. "I am deeply indebted to you for all that you have done for my wifo and my daughter; but I must deoline to pay such an exorbitant prieo for your serviceso, even out of gratitude, as the one you demand--the hand of my daughter. I wonder it has not strolt you, if you have any eonse of tbohe fitnooess of things, that honourable and repoetable as is the aonlling and position of a soulptor, Lady Florence Fortoouo might well look higher. Defore now, the ladies of our house hbas bastow*dl tlhoir hnuds in marriage on princes, and the princes have felt themselves honoured." " carn believe that," answered the young man calmly; "and Florence, your deughter, is worthy to rmato with a king; but still I am confident that when you hoar my namo-though I am neither prince nor duke--you will gladly welcome me as your future son. iu-law." " And what is your name ? Who arc you, to take so much for grant. ed ?" haughtily. The young man came a step nearer, " My name," lhe answered quietly, " is Claude Dennis of Pendennie. MIyf father, who was your cousin, died in Australia five years ago. Failing a son of your own to succeed you, I am your next of kin, and consequently heir to Boarsdalo." An extraordinary change came over Lord Scarlett's taco at these totally unexpected tidings. " Claude Dennis " Ihe repeated, " Claudo Duuis I I can hardly be. liove it. You have almost taken my breath away. Yet, now I come to look at you I recognise your father's features. We were great friends as lade- schoolfollows. Then we quar. rolled--a question of rivalry. It was very foolish. Hie loved a beautiful woman-a- coquette, who out of shoer porversity sot her heart upon me who never gave her a thought. I suppose you thought, as he did, that I had treated your father and the woman badly, and that is why you have kept away from Searsdale all those years." " I confess that is tIe caso." "I recognioo your father's son there," anid the poor, smiling; " but," lie added, taking Florrio's hand and placing it in that of Claude Dennis, " lot bygones be bygones. Welcome to Scarsdale now; and if I consent to give you my daughter, I only ask you in return to make it your home." An inquest was hold on the two corpses, and created a great sensation in the county, whlere Dan Murdoch had boon a well-known and rather popular personage. The romance of Daphno's mistaken identity and tragic death was a topic of conversation that never seemed to pall. They laid her to rest in the quiet churchyard of the parish churobch, and on the marble cross at the head of the grave were inscribed the words: DAPBNE DOYLEv, DIED Tn 15TlIn cccA o' NoVEscnEc 1089, aooE EIOHTEEN. Gone away to where " the wicked cease from troubling and the weary are at rest." Six months elapsed (during which Lord S8arlott took his wife and daughter abroad) before Florrio would consent to fix the wedding. But at last it dawned, an ideal day, when the lilacs and laburnum weore in bloom, and the air was sweet with the breath of spring, and musical with the songs of the love-.ick birds. And if the day was an ideal one .what of the bride ? No words could describo her beauty, her grace, her sweetness, as she walked up the aisle of the village church to the altar, her soft blue eyes glancing shyly through the transparent, snowy veil, her golden hair bright as the sunshine orowned with a wreath of orange-blossoins, and her lithe girlish form divinely clad in a robo of shimmoring. satin and Mle. chin lace--ish looked a dream of love. linees, such as those who saw her never forgot. And so the Child of the Mist emerged from the lhadows of sorrow and ob. sourity into the full light of happiness. Fortune smiled upon her, love led her by the hand, sons and daughters, beautiful as herself and handsome as her husband, grow up around her like lilies round a rose ; and the only fear fair Florrio over felt now was thst happiness so great, so perfect as hers was surely too good to last. THE END. 