I3=-~ u ? ? | ?? ? -a,, *' [?] Another Countess in tho Divorce Court. Tho usual count. ? ? * JBathurab Indies nro taking an nctivo iutorcat in tlio Fodoration movouiont. Fodoration is iv nort of political matrimony which appoala strongly to tho foininiuo instinct? A Now Woman ad.: — 'Wanted, a lady aBsiutant clttrk ; must undorstand doublo ontry book-koopiiig.' It is timo tho old man imulo up his mind that his misssion is to stay at homo and darn tho socl;a. Is tho lunatio Crcnnwpll Tiohborno ? It eootns to ua that tho matter ought to bo finally sottlod Boinobow or anotlior, Tho odoroua'Tichhorno ghost has benn stalk ing about Australia Ionj» enough. It is worse than tho Doan curse. Tho Daily AroLoaiRT lms impartod a roddonod huo to King-street in its lurid efforts to show that tho Land Tax i» it howl ing success, and that tho Keid Oovornmunt is a good thing for Now .South Wales sugar-growors. Tho Apologist has hnd to swallow itii own npino a great many times bofore, but this last gulp is painful — almost pathetic. We read with horror that Ada Marshall, Celia Cameron, and Agnes Marshall, young women, were charged with mali ciously wounding one Joseph Cook at Sydney on October 16, and on a second count with assaulting and other wise ill-treating him. Joseph Cook! What, Joseph ? What Cook ? Is the tower still standing on the General Post Office? Or do we dream! An experimentally inclined young man down Wagga way was fooling with rabbit * poison tho other day. llo picked up a varnish tin, filled it with water, and thon, after carefully scrowing on tho cap, plncod tho can on tho firo. A tromoudous oxplo sion followed, and tho tin nittod away (o 801U0 otlior climo after loaving most of tho ucalding water on the limbs of tho oxpori monter, who had to hasten 1'ound for carbolic oil and sympathy. « ? * Words which will probably hnvo to bo added to tho ruviuud now editions of Wob Btor's Dictionary: — Cycloranna, cyclor otnnia, cyclorolla, she-cyclist (pronounced sickliest), cyclara (pronounced shy Clara or ahy clear of her), cyclolass (pronounced sickly Iueh), cyclinnna (a Mnglo woman), cyclymors (innrricd woman), eissyolist (ninsy is fomiiiiuo), kiaacyclist (kisa is feminine). A Balmain man took his best girl to tho thoatro rocontly, and whilo tho turtlodovos 8i\t Bido by nido somo joker took a. big 'ongagod' tickut nnd doftly pinnod it on tho young man'n coat-tailo. It rcinninod tlioro throughout tho performance, and also half-way to tho abodo of tho young lady who thun, and not till then, discovered it mid pointed it out to her boy. 'I couldn't make out what all the giggling was about at tho back of mo,' Suo said, innocently. What tho young man said cannot bo not down lioro. An offer from iiomo whisky niakoro is II attracting tho attontion of ivhtsky invon tora. It ia a reward of from .E5000 to ,£0000 for an appliuiico on bottlos which will provont their boing refilled. All tho groat whiaky and beer manufacturers of tho world aro constantly gotting lottora from peoplo who complain that thoy havo received inferior qualities of HquidB undor woll-knowu hibohi. Of coumo it in impos sible without iiomo mich npplianco for manufacturers to gtiurauteo tho contontn of botfclen. All appliances so far with thin und in view havo boon uiiaafcinfuctory. Tho chief difliculty noemn to bo to mako tho invontion prnuticnl. and choap onough for commorcial U30. Tho problom ban boon solved by a number of inventors, but at too groat an oxponne, for it has soomod up to thepronont impossible to got tho cost below about 8a a bottle. Completed tho applianco must not coat moro than thrco lialf-ponco a bottle. IThoro'n a littlo mining placo up country whoro thoy had a School of Artn and a brass band. ' Tho bandmanfcor ia a man of aotno importance, bouidoa boing good look ing, and ho play a bho cornot. A fow weeks ngo two Sydnoy young ladioa came up to that mining placo loupond a fortnight with ? Bomo friomln. Tho bhmhniiRtor wan intro ducod to tho cirld, and bocaino exceedingly polite and uttuntivo to ono of thoni. Ono Saturday morning tho young ladiod wont out by thouiaolvos for a walk, and lost thom Bolven in tho biuih. All tho community turnod out to search for thoni, and amongst i thntn tUo town bandmantor, who perambu lated tho'biuih blowing fonvHomo blunts on I! hiB cornot to apprido tho wandorora of tho j! ivhoronbo'utn of nafoty. In timo, porohod in I a honoymicklo troo, half dead with frighli, I tho girlo vvoro found. TUoy \\\m\ hidden £ hoaauoo of tlio roar of a wild bull. Tho !0 Sdiool of Arts ntill Iloiii'inhoa. but it in ,11 I'uniorod tliut tho inUiront in tho tond is if fulling off. Tho man who works for tho Corporation ofton hao a koon boiibo of honor. Uis idea of u joko may bo a bit crudo, but tho gorm of tho thing is thoro, and it doesn't want much hot-housing to coino out. Havo you over noticed tho Corporation man who drivo tho stroot wator-carta ? Thoy havo i\ way of turning on tho tap juut whon aomo woll-dressed Johnnio iji tri])ping acroa.? tho road, and thoy aro always) looking etrnight nhead with a omilo of ouhlimn innocQtico and an air of devotion to business moat in otructivo to soo. Then tlio men who Eteor tho Rtrent brooms. Thoy gonorally lot their machines go just under your horse's nose if you nro driving, and if thoro is ono thing moro llian o.nothcr which inspires disgust nnd aversion in tho mind of thu averago Australian horse it is a streol-swoopur. I remombor an incident which occurred after tho last heavy rain in our suburb recently, one highly illuBtrativo of tho horao humor ot tho Corporation man. ' Dohohl ! I will build 'om a Land Tnx, Out of my surplus brain, M nk i lie nmoiuls fur thoir had times, Turning thoir lo.sa to gain, Taios instond of rain.' Thus wna tbo fiat thutulored Out of our Rulor'n mouth. After tho banks hnd oundorcd, After tho blooming drought, Wostwnrd, and nor'urd, and south. ' yen,'1 cried tho last of the QoorRo't, ' Tliia is my plan iiulocd, Tnxinff tlio rich iimn'n gorirns, 'l'liliujf llio fnt man'n food, Budguoroo! 'Aint I Uoid P' Out of tho ncir-Iaid Land Tax , Hatched ho u ' mirplus' quiok, Crying to till tind nundry, ' Now niu't yo feoliiijj Rick F' (PiliiiK tho ngony tliiuk.) Lo! in tlio Utor noanon. What did tlmt Land Tux do? Sbattotcu tlio laml-ovfiiova1 ronaon, ThiikIbiI itself in two, Causing much liullnbaloo. Sorntcliinir his oranitiin sadly Ovor tliii) Land Tux wrack, StuiulnlU tlio Promior, badly Winliinc; lio wa'ant on (look, CuiniiiK tho Govonimont ' apoo I '* Wflt is tlio glan3 nyo nlao, Wet with tlio flowing woop, Wailotli onr Bo«h in private, Gotting no ploanunt nl^up, Fluinmoxcd his Billy uficop. Build us nnotlicr Land 'J'ux, Qoor(;o, of tliy nurplun brain, Build us a worUinj; Land Tax Milking tlio clausos plain, Build — whilo wo prny for rain, Tlion will wo cry liko thunder, 'Thin ia u boon indood, That wna a horrid blundor, Tliia ia tlio work ot Kuld, JluilKoraa, ain't ho ltoiU?' Tho horo of tho incidont wn3 a Civil Service patriot who nervoa li in blooding country either in tho Lands or tho Dopart munt of Jimtico. Thia gont ia, in tho parlance of tho day, 'a howling' dudo.' It is quito a troat to soo him issuo forth from tho gate of his neat suburban villa to catch thu morning tram en route to his daily occupation of iipeariu;.; office fliea with his Uovorniusjnc pen or drawing sketches cf hid lady acquaintances on his Mailing pad. Thin morning hocamo forth ronplonduit after tlio rain undor a nmarfc ' macintosh, glazod goloHhoa, spanking now umbrella, and other beautiful clothca. Thoro wna a pool of muddy wator covering tho pavomont, nnd tho road in ono placo ?vhoro tho young man had to j-an», and did not know that a gont belonging to tho corporation had boon along provioimly and romovod a grating around thoro. That elegant youth junt otepped whoro that gratinjf should havo beon and phimpod in u)) to hid nock. Ho novor releanud his grip on his uinbrolla, and that saved his life, for a piuuicr-by, siooing an umbrella making frantiu nignalu of distrona, waded acrooa tho road and rouued tho young man from a watery gravo. Thoro woro privato tlioatricahi at n country honno not iv hundred miloa from this city a fow weoku ago, in which a young fellow onactod tho part of n girl. Tho mako-up wan admirablo, and, an tho youth ia vory effeminato in appniu'iuieo nnd maunor, ho inndo 'a palpablo hit' iu tho charaelor. Amongst tho visitors wao a globo-trottor, juat out from Homo, who was greatly nmttton with that devilish grotty girl, don't you know, tiio mashed wan tho globe-trotter, in faot, that all uu coiiscioiiu, of course, of tho real box of ' tho devilish pretty girl,' ho boggod hiu hoiitoun to lako him bohiud tho ncoiuin nt tho fall of tho curtain nnd givo him an introduction. Tho youth who inspired llioso nmoroua foolinga wan put up to tho joko, and playod hia part well. Tho introduction came off, and the globo- trotter was so charmod with thu supposed fair ono that ho actually pop pod tho question. It wan a caso of lovo at Unit night. Noxfc day tho cut' ' omcrfjoil from tho bag. A mutual friqnd told tho infatuated now chum the truth, and laugh ingly remarked that ho had nrndn ' n bally fool ' of hiniBulf. It wa« a oruol noil. Tho nold ono n-vowed vongoanco, and talked about lioraowhlpp-!-(! l''u manh, but, think ing hotter of it, he cloai'S'l out without ovon O.no fond word of 1'arowell. 