THE MITSE .CUHIIU, NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. . .By Sir WALTER BESANT, ST. A., Mfli&rof;/'ALL SORTS AND CONDITIONS OF MEN," HERR PAULUS,'' '/THE " WORLD WENT VERY WELL THEN," "THE HOLY ROSE,"' "IN DEACON'S ORDERS," &o.;, &o.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. , CHAPTER X.— (Continued;) I J "Yon will not offend mo." I ' "Well, then. You work too hard; you : get no society; you have no change; you take too little exercise; you are growing nervous and shy; you- shirk from -seeing people." "I live tlio life that is assigned to pie.'" , "You are so young, Isabel, that you ought to sing in the house; you ought to walk as If .you had wings; you ought to laugh all day; you ought to rebel, and revolt and mutiny " She did laugh, but not with merri ment. "A11 these things belong to your age and your sex nnd— your beauty." "My beauty!" she repeated with a kind of- wonder. "My beauty! Oh, no — ! You must not talk nonsense." ' "Your beauty. You should be a very beautiful girl if the cloud would lift. Come now, may I lift that cloud for you? May I try, at least?" I hold out ray hand. She hesitated a moment. Then she gave me /her own timidly. I did not suspect the real cause of her uuhapplness. I did, however, feel a most profound pity for a young girl who could flml no better amusement than to sit among -the tombs on a tine afternoon in spring. Even those who are nearing tho time when they will he put to lie, there do not generally like to sit among them. ' , "You will tell me some other time," 1 said, "why you are so sad. Mean time, let: me bo your friend; and, look here, Isabel, I am a groat physician. iYou must believe that I have cured countless cases of Languishing Lady and Doleful Damsel. I am thousands of years old, although I am apparently only live and twenty: that is because I am such a great physician." Well, at this nonsense she actually smiled. "And now, I will prescribe for you. Not so much work; not so much house; not so much monotony." . "The work lias to be done." "Robert is so busy himself that he does not observe. I shall' speak to him." ' "Oh! But what he snys — " "Yes, yes, I know. I will speak ,to him. Now, qomo with me. I will take you out upon the river. That will do you more good than sitting among tho tombs— even the tombs of the Bur- blkels." There are still boats and "first oars" ' at Wapping Old Stairs. In five mi nutes I was sitting beside her In the stern of a wherry— Burnikel built— with a couple of stout fellows pulling us down stream.. And I brought her back with colour in licr cheeks and brightness In her eyes. "My medicine works already," I said. "Robert will say that I have done wonders." Alas! Robert observed no eliangc at all; and during the half-hour of tea the poor girl sat as usual with hanging bond and down- dropped eyes. But it .was a beginning. r CHAPTER XI.— AN ADDRESS. ; On Sunday evenlng'I called for Fran ces. We were going to hear the man she would call the Wonderful Person of Wapping. "We shall have to drive right ..- .through London," I told her. "Yon will see first the trade end of the West; .then the lane of the country visitors 'Called the Strand; then the lane of the .printers; then the merchants' quarters, \- 'silent and deserted; and then the place .where the people live who do all the 'work; .the city of the thousand Indus tries;. And then yon' will see those peo ple you- are going forth to see." "So long as you don't take mo to see the places with associations I don't mind.. I. was looking over a book about London' the other day; It was full of .associations. Dear me! What does it matter whore Milton lived? And why should I want to see the place where Shakespeare had a theatre?" "You are .curiously impatient about the past, Frances." ' ' "I like the world just exactly as It is,' George; the ordor of it and the ways of ' It; and the flow of the stream— I like ! ' to feel that I sun in flie swim. And If . ever I marry again I shall be a great deal- more In tho swim." "The man you will hoar to-night likes the; world as It ought to he." . . ; "Well, why not? So long as we donft'' change anything. Now, Master Crafts- Inn n, my gloves are on." "You look very fine to-nlglit. Frances.. It will please our friends at Sliadwcll, seeing a lady among them, that, she is ' a real lady: They resemble ; your \- friends in .one respect— these . men of j the gutter as you kindly called them | on n recent occnslou— they like, to see a i woman well dressed." | It is a long drive from Piccadilly to High Street, Sliadwcll, which, as everybody knows, Is a -continuation of Rndcliffe Highway. The whole., jour ney was as unknown to Lady Frances as China, or Peru. For the city she enred nothing; memories of Greslinm and Wliittiuglon inoved lier not; 'by this time the-, offices nnd warehouses wore closed, and the streets deserted; : she only began t'o take interest when ; they came out on Tower Hill and drove past the grey old fortress into the high way sacred to tho! memory of sailors and to riverside thieves and to crimps, and to Moll and Poll and Doll. ' In deed ghosts of tho departed sinners are still allowed regretfully to hover around tho swinging doors of these old ! taverns and to linger about the pave- I ment where they were wont to roll and sing and dance and fight. Oh,, the | bravo old days! Aiul they acknow- | lodged that tho game is still kept! up I nnd with spirit, though perhaps with i less heart in it. than of old. The fight- j big lias gone off sadly; the singing is still good, but that, too, shows signs of deterioration; tlio dancing shows tho old spirit— legs arc loose, heel' and toe are true to time, nnd the drinking is still free and generous. As for Moll and her friends, thy continue to lend the charm and grace of woman's so ciety to Mercantile .Tack. "Men and women!" said Lady Fran ces. "And by their appearance not among tho strictest moralists. Show mo men nnd womon,. George,- and not tall black warehouses where some thing once stood, or grimy churches where something once happened. Give me men and women. Give me the present. Ouf ! wlint a. reek from tlint door!" Tlio carriage stopped for a mo ment; a little crowd assembled seeing that most unaccustomed appearance, a carriage and pair, with a coachman and a footmnn In liveries. The open door belonged to a tavern full of sai lors drinking nnd smoking, so that the air which came forth in waves was charged with tho fragrance of rum, gin, beer, and tobacco. The carriage moved 011 slowly. There came another kind of fragrance. The first knocked one down like a club, tlie second cut one like a knife. "It is fried fish." I explained. "This is the staple food of the women and work girls. There are differences in the matter of food. For my own part I should never get over a prejudice against this form of Do get on a little fnstor If you can," I call- ,ed to tho coachman. We passed Into another street, renll-y the same, hut called by a different name, whore thorn were no sailors nnd 110 sailors' friends. It was, however, filled with people walking about ; amony them wero lads smoking cigar ettes, girls with immense yellow fea thers In their lints aiiil bright blue blouses, walking arm, in nrm laughing loudly; working men leaning about with pipes, women with children In arms,- children everywhere tumbling about the road and the gutter. "Behold the people!" I siild. "Con centrated people. Pure extract of people." "I recognise them," said Francos, "though- 1 do not seem to have' seen 'them before. On the whole they look harmless." "As for tlielr power of harm, I have my own opinion. But.it Is quite cer tain tlint at present they don't want to do any harm." "It is curious to think that nil, of us have come out of this mass. Here and there, I suppose, one disengages ' him- "self and leaves Ills friends, and gets up a bit over tlielr heads and prepares, the way for founding a family. Tlie Eaxis and Barons of the future have got. their fathers and mothers In this crowd. But no one, except you, George, evor wanted to go hack ngniu. Oil! Most remarkable of men! Unique Maul You want to go bnck again." « The enrringe stopped at the entrance of a hall; gaslights flamed over' tlio open doors; people, nearly all men, were streaming in, and in the lobby men wero standing about disputing and ar guing in earnesttones; everyone looked as if he came on private business— which was the first thing remarkable. , I spoke' to an attendant doorkeeper who conducted us .upstairs and along the back of the gallery to a private box overlooking tho stage. Lady Frances looked round. .By the decorations the. footlights, the stage, the place for the 'orchestra, the gallery which ran all .round the room, the large room itself i nnd the close atmosphere, It was evi dent that tlie place was habitually used for entertainments. "This is tlie Siren Music Hall," I ex plained. "It Is named-, not after, the Sisters Three, of whom the proprietor and haptlser never heard, but after the new-fashioned steam whistle which you may hear all day long upon the ri ver. And it is hired for these meet ings." "Thoy don't have on Sunday nights a music hall entertainment." "Not quite. You are going to hear a political speech. Meantime, look round and watch the people. You say you want men nnd women. Very well. There are your men and women all gathered together, especially the men." They were nearly all men— working men. Frances looked down upon the crowded hull, the faces she gazed upon shone white and shiny In the glare of the gas. They were serious faces, they .were hard faces. The Impression pro duced by the collective face was one of honesty and slow powers of perception but with determination. Most of tliqm sat In silence, leaning hack oontcutedly, nnd In no hurry. Tho men who work actively with the bodily limbs all day for their wage are never In a hurry so long as they can wait sitting. When they talked it was seriously nnd with oarncstnoss.condxieting their argument on the approved llnnos, in which one man advances on array of alleged facts .which he cannot prove, and the other contradicts the allegations, though he cannot disprove them. This Is the ar-. gument of the taproom, the bar parlour nnd the smoking-room. The more care fully we adhere to the old-fashioned, well-tried method, the more animated,' spirited, and convincing Is the conver sation. The perfect knowledge Is most clearly Indicated by frequent interrup tions and noisy denials. Now these men were arguing on the constitution of the country, being Ignorant of what It is, how it lias grown, whence it came, or what it menus. And they wanted to change it, being Ignorant of what these- changes would inenn, or how they were to be effected, nnd how other members of tlie community would receive tliem. There were Socialists among them, men who look forward to the time when; every man. for the sake of every other man, and not for himself at all, will gladly do. a hard day's work and get no payment or profit hut only the equal ration, the snme garb, tlie same warmth, and the. snme roof; and they think tlint. the levelling up or down to the same unbroken plane will create, for the first time in history, happiness complete. "When Adam delved and Eve span, where was then the gentle man?'! Alas! It is the same old, old story. There was then no gentleman, but in the third or fourth generation after Adam there wns founded the first family of gentle folk— thoy were, I be lieve, Welsh. There were also in the crowd Anar chists, a kindly race who want to sweep away all laws, with the police and the lawyers, and the judges and the pri sons, and to have everybody to work out his own redemption for himself. And there was among tliem .the com mon Radical who desires nothing more than the abolition of the Grown, the Church, and the Lords, after which 110 one certainly can expect or desire any thing more. And there were many of that numerous class, tlie Wobblers, who incline this way and that, being unable to balance the advantages of any one plan against any other. Mostly, how ever, being poor and dependent, they desire change. Some of the women came with their husbands and brought tlielr work with them, the business of tlie evening being quite below their own attention. The British matron, who is a practical and keen-eyed per son, is seldom able to understand that the aboli tion of the House of Lords will give her husband bet.tjer piiy or herself more housekeeping money. Here and there one saw a white woman's face, with set lips and furrowed brow. Slio was that rare woman who can 'see tlie wickedness of things, and tlie Imper fection of things, and the injustice and cruelty and uncertainty of things; and she ceases to believe in the powers that be or ill the doctrines of Church, of tea cher, and of preacher, and Icings to shulUe the yards and try an uewdeal if Imply that maybring a remedy to. the evils of the time. Lady Frances looked down upon this crowd watching nnd wondering, Inte rested merely by the sight of the lines of faces below bor, line behind line, row behind row; while I told her the things 'that ax'e written down above. "I am glad I caine," she murmured. "Oh ! I am very glad I came. George, I like to see them. Give me, I say, meu and women, I say It again, men and women." "And the thoughts of men and wo men— what they think about the world and themselves and your class, Fran ces. It is useful knowledge,' even if It does not help you to play the game." "So long as I am not compelled to as sociate with them I have 110 objection to looking at them, or to reading about them. It; would be as a branch of na tural history, except on the fact that these people niay Interfere with us. Their thoughts, I suppose, are mostly discontented, and their intentions, If they had any, would be revolutionary. But they are interesting, and I am glad that I came." By this time the Hall was full to overflowing; tho people were crammed in the gullerles, tlicy stood on the back benches, they filled up the gangways, they climbed over the orchestra parti tion nnd stood, a mass of young men in that capacious pew, they crowded the doors, they were packed tight on tlio stairs, there was no. more room left to put In an umbrella. "It is seven o'clock," I said. "Rime's up. The man you are goiug to hear to night, Frances, is the strong man— the man who lias ambitions such as you would like me to have." . . "I never thought you would become a locnl 'demngogue, George." "He Is coming out Immediately. lie knows the people pretty well, and they know him. This evening I10 will pro nounce one of a series of orations he has delivered on tho questions of the day. The Captain tells me that he has set the people thinking and talking In a very surprising way. You see how they are discussing things. All these dis cussions are on the text of his last ad dress." "The Wonderful Person of Wapping. I await him with interest." (to be continued.) 