WHEN THE WORLD WAS Y00NGER. — « — by miss braddon. CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) But now, before he went back to England, whltlier ho hoped to accompany the lting and tho princes ere the year was much older, Sir John Kirkland was coming to visit his younger daugli- tor Itrfnorfncw T.nflv TTovcxVi n m wfanan tiimVinTlrt WAR now in attendance upon his Majesty in Holland, where there were serious negotiations on hand- negotiations which would have been full of peril to the English messengers two years ago, when that excellent preacher and holy man, Dr. Hawor, of St. Gregory, was beheaded for having Intelli gence with the king through the Marquis of Ormond. The parlor window jutted into the square over against the town-hall, and Angela could see the whole length of the narrow street along which her father's carriage must come. The tall, slim figure and the fair, girlish face stood out in full relief against the grey stone mullion, bathed In sunlight. The graceful form was undisguised by courtly apparel. The soft brown hair foil in loose ringlets, which we re drawn back from the brow by a hand of black ribbon. The glrl'B gown was of soft grey woollen stuff, relieved by a cambric collar covering the shoulders, and by cambric elbow sleeves. A coral and silver rosary was her only ornament; but face and form needed no aid from satins or velvets. Venetian lace or Indian filagree. The sweet serious face was chiefly notable for eyes of darkest grey, under brows that were firmly arched and almost black. The hair was a dark brown; the complexion somewhat too pale for beauty. Indeed, that low-toned coloring made some people blind to the fine and regular model ling of the high-bred face; while there wore others who saw no charm In a countenance which seemed too thoughtful for early youth, and, therefore, lacking In one of youth's chief attractions — glad ness. '"V The face lighted suddenly at this moment, as four great grey Flanders horses came clattering along the narrow street and into the square, dragging a heavy painted wooden coach aftor them. The girl opened the casement and craned out her neck to look at the arrival. The coach stopped at the convent door, and a footman alight ed and rang the convent bell, to the interested curiosity of two or three loungers upon .the steps of the town-hall over the way. Yes, it was her father, greyer, but less sad of visage than at his last visit. His doublet and cloak were handsomer than the clothes he had worn then, though they were still of the same fashion, that English mode which the Cavalier had worn before the beginning of the troubles, and which he never changed. Immediately after him there alighted a vision of beauty, the loveliest of ladles, in sky-blue velvet and pale grey fur, and with a long white feather encircling a sky-blue hat, and a collar of Venetian lace veiling a bosom that scintillated with Jewels. "Hyacinth!" cried Angela, in a flutter of de light. The portress peered at the visitors through her spy-hole, and being satlslled that they were the expected guests, speedily opened the heavy iron- clamped door. There was no one to interfere between father and daughter, sister and sister, in the convent parlor. Angela had her dear people all to her self, the Mother Superior respeotiug the confi dences and outpourings of love, which neither father nor children would wish to be witnessed even by a kinswoman. Thus, by a rare breach of conventual discipline, Angela was allowed to re ceive her guests alone. The lny-sfster opened the parlor door and ushered in the visitors, and Angola ran to meet her father, and fell sobbblng upon his breast, her face hidden against his velvet doublet, her arms clasping his neck. "What, mistress, hast thou so watery a wel come, now that the clouds have passed away and every loyal English heart Is joyful?" cried Sir John, in a voice that was somewhat husky, but with a great show of gaiety. "Oh, sir, I have waited so long, so long for this day. Sometimes I thought it would never come, that I should never see my dear lathor again." "Poor child! It would havo been only my, desert hadst (hou forgotten me altogether. I might have come to you sooner, pretty one; ln- deod, I would have come, only things went 111 'with me. I was down-hearted and hopeless of any good fortune in a world that seemed given over to psalm- singing scoundrels; and till the tide turned I had no heart to come nigh you. But now fortunes are mended, tho king's and mine, and you have a father once again, and shall have a homo by-and-by, the house whore you were horn, and where your angel-mother made my life blessed. You are like her, Angela!" holding back tho pale face In his strong hands, and gazing upon it earnestly. "Yea, you favor your mother; but your face Is over sad for fifteen summers. Look at your sister here! Would you not say a sunbeam had taken woman's shape and come dancing Into the room?" Angela looked round and greeted the lady, who had stood aside while father and daughter met. Yes. such a face suggested sunlight and summer, birds, buttorflles, all things buoyant and glad some. A complexion of dazzling fairness, pearly transparent, with over varying carnations; eyes of heavenllest blue, liquid, laughing, brimming with espleglerle; a slim llttlo nose with an up ward tilt, which oxpressed a contemptuous gaiety, an Inquiring curiosity; a dimpled chin sloping a little towards the full round throat; the bust and shoulders of a Venus, the waist of a sylph, sot off by the close-fitting velvet bodice, with Its dia mond and turquolso buttons; hair of palest gold fluffed out Into curls that wero traps for sun beams; hands and arms of a milky whiteness emerging from the large loose elbow sleoves— a radiant apparition which took Angela by sur prise. She had seen Flemish fraus in the richest attire, and among them there had been women as handsome as Helena Forman; but this vision" of a fine lady from the court of tho "ro! sonel" was a revelation. Until this moment, the girl had hardly known what grace and beauty meant. "Come and let me hug you, my dearest Puritan," cried Hyacinth, holding out her arms. "Why do you suffer your custodians to clothe you In that odious grey, which puts mo In mind of lonk- hairod psalm-singing scum, and all their hateful works? I would have you sparkling in white satin and sil ver, or blushing In brocade powdered with forget- me-nots and rosebuds. What would Fareham say If I told him that I had a Puritan in grey woollen stuff for my sister. He sends you his love, dear, and bids me tell you thero shall be always an honored place in our home for you, be it In England or Franco, In town or country. And why should you not fill that place at once, sister? Your education is finished, and to bo sure you must be tired of these stone walls and this sleepy town." "No, Hyacinth, I love the convent and the friends who have made It my home. You and Lord Fareham aro very kind, but I could not leave our reverend mother; she 13 not so well or so strong as she U3cd to be, and I think sho Ulces to havo me with her, because though sho loves us all, down to tho humblest of the lay sisters, I am of her kin, and seem nearest to her. I don't want to forsake her; and If it, was not agajnst my father's wish, I should lllte to end my days in this house, and to give my thoughts to God." "That is because thou knowest naught of the world outside, sweetheart," protested Hyacinth. "I admire the readiness with which folks will re nounce a banquet thoy have never tasted. A single day at tho Louvre or the Palais Royal would change your Inclinations at once and for ever." "She Is too young for a court llfo, or a town life, either," said Sir John. "And I have no mind to remove her, from this safe shelter till the king shall be firm upon his throne and our'poor country shall have settled Into a stable and peaceable condition. But there must be no vows, Angela, no renunciation of kindred and borne. I look to thee for the comfort of my old age!" "Dear father, I will never disobey you. I shall remember always that my first duty Is to you; and when you want me, you have but to summon me; and whether you are at home or abroad, in wealth and honor, or in exile and po verty, I will go to you, and be glad and happy to be your daughter and your servant." "I knew thou wouldst, dearest. I have never forgotten how the soft little arms clung about my neck, and how the baby lips kissed me In this same parlor when my heart was weighed down by a load of iron, and there seemed no ray of hope for England or me. You were my comforter then, and you will be my comforter In tho days to come. Hyacinth here Is ot the butterfly breed. She is fair to look upon, and tender and loving; but she is ever, on the wing. And she has her husband and lier children to cherish, and cannot be bur dened with the care of a broken-down grey beard." "Broken down! YVhy, you are as brave a gallant as the youngest Cavalier in the king's service," cried Hyacinth. "I would pit my father against Montagu of Buckingham, Buckhurst or Roscom mon — against tho gayest, the boldest of them all, on land or sea. Broken down forsooth! IVe will hear no such words from you, sir, for a score of years. And now you will want all your wits to take your proper place at court as sage counsellor and friend of the new king. Sure he will need all his father's friends about him to teach him statc-craft— ho who has led such a gay, good-for-nothing life as a penniless rover, with scarce a sound coat to his back." "Nay, Hyacinth, the king will have no need of us old Mallgnants. We have had our day. He has shrewd Ned Hyde for counsellor, and In that one long head there Is craft enough to govern a kingdom. The new court will be a young court, and the fashion" of it will be new. "We old follows, who "wore gallant and gay enough In the forties, when we fought against Essex and his tawny scarves, would be hut laughable figures at the court of a young man bred half In Paris and steeped in French fashions and French follies. No, Hyacinth, It is for you and your husband the new day dawns. If I get back to my old meads and woods and the house where I was born, I will sit quietly dwn in the chimney corner, and take to cattle-breeding and a pack of harriers for the diversion of my declining years. And when my Angela can make up her mind to leave her good aunt she shall keep house for me." "I should love to be your housekeeper, dearest father. If it please heaven to restore my aunt to health and strength, I will go to you with a heart full of joy," said the girl, hanging caress ingly upon tho old Cavalier's shoulder. Hyacinth flitted about the room with a swift birdlike motion, looking at tho sacred images and prints, the tableau over tho mantelpiece which told with much flourish of penmanship the progress of the convent pupils In learning and domestic vir tues. "What a humdrum, dismal room!" she cried. "You should see our convent parlors In Paris. At the Carmelites, In the Rue Saint Jacques, 'par example,' the queen mother's favorite convent, and at Chaillot, the house founded by Queon Henrietta — such pictures, and ornaments, and em broidered hangings, and tapestrios, worl-.od by devotees. This room of yours, sister, stinks of poverty, as your Flemish streets stink of garlic and cabbage. Faugh, I know not which Is worse!" Having thus delivered herself of her disgust, sho darted upon her younger sister, laid her hands upon the girl's shoulders, and contemplated her with mock seriousness. "What a precoclqus young saint thou art, with no more Interest In the world outside this naked parlor than If thou wert yonder Image of the Holy Mother. Not a question of my husband,' or my children, or of the last fashion In hood and mantle, or of the new laced gloves, or the French king's latest divinity." "I should like, dear, to see your children, Hyacinth," answered her sister. "Ah! they are the most enchanting creatures tho girl a perpetual sunbeam, ethereal, elfish, a Creature of life and movement, and with a loqua city that never tires; the boy, a lump of honey, fat, sleek, lazily beautiful. I am never tired of admiring them, when I have time to see them. Pnpllllon — an old friend of mine has surnamod her Papllllon because she Is never still — was five years old on tho 19th of March. Wo were at Saint Germain on her birthday. You should have seen the toys and trinkets and sweetmeats which the court showered upon her — the king and queen, monsieur, mademoiselle, the Princess ! Henrietta, her godmother— everybody bad a gift for the daughter of La Folle Baronne Fareham. Yes, they aro lovely creatures, Angela; and I am miserable to think that it may be halt a year before I see their sweet faces again." "Why so long, sister?" "Because they are at the Chateau Montrond, my grandmother's place, near Dieppe, and because Fareham and I are going hence to Breda to meet the King, our own King Charles, and help lead him homo in triumph. In London, the mob are shouting, roaring, singing, for their king; and Montagu's fleet lies In the Downs waiting but the signal from Parliament to cross to Holland. He who left bis country In a scurvy fishing-boat will go back to England in a mighty man-of-war, the Naseby — mark you, tho Naseby — cbrlstehed l>y tbat usurper, In Insolent remembrance of a rebel victory; but Charles will doubtless change that hated name. He must not be put In mind of a fight where rebels had the better of loyal gen tlemen. Ho will sail borne over thoso dancing Beas with a fleet of great white-winged ships circling round him like a flight of silvery doves. Oh, what a turn of fortune's wheel! I am wild with rapture at the thought of It!" "You love England better than Franco, though you must bo almost a stranger there," said Angela, wonderlngly looking at a miniature which her sister wore in a bracelet that clasped a plump wrist. I "Nay, love, 'tis in Paris I am an Insignificant alien, though they are ever so kind and flattering to me. At Saint Germain I was only Madame de Montrond's granddaughter — the wife of a somewhat morose gentleman who was cleverer at winning battles than at. gaining hearts. At Whitehall I shall l)e Lady Fareham, and shall enjoy my full consequence as the wife of an Eng lish nobleman of ancient Uncage and fine estate, for, I am happy to tell you, his lordship's pro perty suffered less than most people's in the rebellion, and anything his father lost when he fought for tho good cause will he given back to the ;Son now the good cause is triumphant, with addi ctions, perhaps — an earl's coronet instead of a t baron's beggarly pearls. I should like Papllllon to bo Lady Henrietta." , "And you will send for your 'children, doubt less, when you are sure all Is safe In England? said Angela, contemplating the portrait. "This is Papllllon, I know. What a sweet, kind, mis chievous face." "Mischievous as a Barbary ape — kind and sweet as the west wind," said Sir John. "And your boy?" asked Angela, reclasplng the bracelet on the fair, round arm. having looked her All at the mutinous eyes, tho brown, crisply curling hair, dalnty-polnted chin, and dimpled cheeks. "Have you his picture, too?" "Not his; but I wear Ills father's likeness i somewhere betwixt buckram' and Flanders lace," answered Hyacinth, gaily, pulling a locket from amidst the splendor of her corsage. "I call It next my heart; hut there Is a stout for tification of whalebone between heart and pic ture. You havo gloated enough on the daugh ter's Impertinent visage; look now at the fa ther, whom she resembles In little, a3 a kitten resembles a tiger." She handed her sister an oval locket, bordered with diamonds and held by a slender Indian chain; and Angela saw the face of the brother- in-law, whose kindness and hospitality had been so freely promised to her. She explored the countenance long and earnest ly. "Well, do you think I chose him for his beauty?" asked Hyacinth. "You have devoured every lineament with that serious gaze of yours, as If you were trying to read the spirit behind that mask of flesh. Do > you think him handsome?" Angela faltered, but was unskilled In flattery, and could not reply with a compliment. "No, sister. Surely none have ever called this countenance handsome; but It Is a face to set one thinking." "Ay, child, and he who owns the face Is a man to set one thluklng. Ho has made me think many a time when I would have travelled a day's journey to escape the thoughts he forced upon me. Ho was not made toiask In the sun-, shine of life. Ho Is a stormy petrel. It was for his ugliness' I chose him. Those dark, stern features, that Imperious mouth, and a brow like the Olympian Jove! He scared mo Into loving hlra. I sheltered myself upon his breast from the thunder of his brow, the lightning, of his eye." "I-Ie has a look of his cousin Wentworth," said Sir John. "I never see him but I thlulc of that murdered man — my father's friend and mine — whom I havo never ceased to mourn." "Yet their kin is of tho most distant," said Hyacinth. "It is strange that there should bo any likeness." "Faces appear and re-appear In families," answered her father. "You may observe that curiously recurring likeness in any picture gal lery, if tho family portraits cover a century or two. Louis has little In common with his grand father, but two hundred years hence there may be a prince of the royal house whose every feature shall- recall Henry tho Great." The portrait was returned to Its hiding-place under perfumed lace and cobweb lawn, and tho reverend mother entered tho parlor, ready for conversation, and eager to hear the history of the last six weeks, of the collapse of that mili tary despotism which had convulsed England and dominated Europe, and which was melting Into thin air, 'as ghosts dissolve at cock-crow; of the secret negotiations between Monk and Grenvllle, now known to everybody; of tho king's gracious amnesty and promise of universal par don, save for some score or so of conspicuous villains, whoso hands were dyed with"' the royal martyr's blood. She was full of questioning, and, above all, eager to know whether It was true that King Charle3 was at heart as staunch a papist as his brother tho Duke of York was believed to be, though oven tho Duke lacked the courage to bear witness to the true faith. Two lay sisters brought in a repast of cakes and syrups and light wines, such- delicate and dainty food as the pious ladles of the convent wero especially skilled In preparing, and which they deemed all sufilclent for the entertainment of company, even when one of their guests was a rugged soldier like Sir John -Kirkland. When the light collation had been tasted and .praised,, tho'coanh came to tho door again, and swallowed up the beautiful lady and the red Cavalier, who vanished from Angela's sight In a cloud of <juat, waving hands, from the coach window. (To be continued.) 