THE WOODS’ GHOST. Possibly General Fawncliffe ■was eo tentric because he could not help it, but it i3 more probable that he diu things in a manner entirely different from anybody else because ho wanted to be odd and wanted to make asensa (ion. .He was a wealthy man, andthere : fore he could do very nearly as. he liked. Ho was haughty, overbearing and irritable. 1 always thought that if hu h.-.d been the czar of Russia or the ■ shah'.of Persia- he would have played his role very well. He had built a fine house on the banks of the Delaware, p.nd at the verge ot the Block woods, of -which, he was the owuer. He >vaB net more than 45 years old and appear ed to ba entirely alone in the world; at any rate, no one in Blockville ever fc-. ;:rd that he had any relations. _-Vl the thne of which I write I was a voting fellow of 16, of no sort of conse cjnence whatever, and my name was, but is not now, Pardon Sashwood, though mother and everybody else call ed me -Purdy. My mother was a dress maker in the town and did is- big busi ness. She never.-said anything about . my father, and I did not know anything about him, and I concluded that he had , been bar ged, or otherwise nipped in the hhd; and'1 did not press my inquiries in regard to him. I was a regular resi dent in Block ITall, as General Fawn .-ckl"e called Ids elegant mansion, and my first duty is to .explain how I hap pened to be a dweller beneath its princely roof. I was very fond of fish irai.d my mother was very fond of eating fish, for I caught very nice ones in the river. One day I sat upon a rock that-projected out into the stream jnst l-clow the general’s mansion. Above me ‘was a sandy beach, and while I sat there the general drove down upon it in his buggy, with a high spirited horse. I wondered what he was doing . tia.ro with such a turnout. ;'T$ie. liqrsc was full of spirit, and the choleric driver seemed to bo well sup plied with spirits, though of the arti ficial .sort. The animal pranced and cam-red on the sand, and did not ap \pea-r !o have learned that hi3 master was; aa impatient as he was eccentric. The horse had a way of his own, and so ha-1 the general, and as the two ways did not run in the same direction it created an unpleasantness between thorn. At last the driver used his whip withent the exercise of much discretion, and the brute manifested himself in a very decided’manner. Then I decided that be was trying to drive the horse into the water, whore ho was unwilling to go. But the general got the best of it in the end and drove tho obstinate creature straight into the river, as • though he intended to cross to tho other side. In a few moments the animal had to swim, bnt he struck out brave ly, tho general applying the 1;-.shall the time: in fact, he seemed to be whip ping him for his own satisfaction, now that tho bi-nte had yielded tho point. In another moment the buggy, which appeared to bo floating, suddenly top pled over and spilled the occupant into the drink. Ho lost his hold upon if, and then I saw that he could not swim. Tho. horse. took a circle around the spot and evam leisurely to tho shore, dragging the buggy after him. Just below the rock on which I was seated was a bateau, and I lost no time in ..rushing to it. J had some skill in the use of the paddle, and I. soon reached ti e general, who was floundering about in the Water like a grounded whale. He was a large., man, and I saw that it wouki bo impossible to get him into the boar. I asked him to take hold of tho a:- : a to support himself ,while I pad dl'd to iha beach. He used expletives and i’ W.ro'l upon getting into the boat. I ioUl him I would leave him to his fate if ha did not do aa I directed. The tbra.’-t carried him, and he held on to the i.o.d. till his feet touched the bot t->:•;>. ■ "I will kill that horse!” ho exclaim ed when be reached the beach and had reu-ven-d his breath. “He is the ug Wit bruts I ever drove.” • ! Tis not so much of a brute as yon ere, general,” I replied. “You acted like a heathen when you whipped ■ :m, and I had half a mind to let you i: iWD." As looked at me in astonishment. Perhaps be thought I had earned the right. to speak my mind, but whether I had or not I expressed myself as \- plainly as though I had been the gen eral and ha had been Pardy Sashwood. Doubiii’ss it was a new thing for any one to --speak up” to him. ‘' clo,v, I want you to come and live vri-h me,” he said, and 1 was amazed • IVn. "I won’t do it,” I replied. “I would net live under the same reef with such a. porcupine as you are for all .your nn.-ney.” He actually teased me, and lie ex pressed his obligations tome very hand somely, but I stuck to my text. I help ed him right bi3 buggy, now taat tho horso had cooled olr, and ho insisted on driving me home, which I permitted him to do. Id y mother saw me when 1 got.cut of the buggy. The general told me to think of his offer and cenie ' to'.liia bouse if 1 decided to accept it. My-mother, nf--*r she had hoarci all about the affair in tho river, insisted tbr.i.l eh or lei accept the offer. 1 argued against it.for n long time, but I finally yielded to .her wishes. Tho n.ext day I belonged-To tho golfers F* household, and Mfsl Gaslrley gave ineu hearty wel > 'Geuerai Fawncli.ffo treated me with a tie-cree of eoUsithvoiloii uc-ccrcled to ,u*>- ulnar j>er:;--::*.j. i in-.Iped him about ilia accounts and papers, though I was permitted to attend the academy.. I really came to like him after awhile, and i know that I improved liis man ners and morals to Eome extent. Hi? narrow escape from drowning had strongly impressed him, I discovered. He was a victim to that malady of sed entary and la ay people, insomnia. He had been in the habit of drinking more whisky than was good for him as a remedy. He told mo ho could not sleep until ho had drank, at least six glasses. £ reasoned with him, talking flatly and plainly, as I always did. I asked him to stop it and walk one or two hours in the Block woods after 9 in the even ing. He tried it with good results, and after that called me doctor. After he had practiced this walking for a couple of weeks, he told me he had seen a ghost in the woods three successive mghte. I laughed at him and asked him if he had been drinking wbidiy again, hut he assured me ho had not. The next night I watched myself In the grove. Sure enough, I saw a figure in white, though 1 did not be lieve it was a spirit from the other world. I saw that the figure tried to approach the general, but from fear, or tome other motive, he kept his distance from it. I had a revolver, and with this in my baud, though it was not loaded, I went with the general to the woods one bright moonlight night. The ghost "camd as usual, and the general was in clined to retreat. So was tho figure when I showed myself. But I pursued it. I hold up my revolver and threat ened to fire if tho ghost did not halt. “No, Pardy! Don’t fire! I am your mother, ’ ’ screamed the ghost, not know ing that the weapon was not loaded. She halted, and 1 went up to her, the general following me when assured that the figure was not a supernatural one. She was dressed in white, as she was i.wnaliy in summer, and I wondered if she was troubled with insomnia. “Pardy, General Fawncliife is your father and my husband!’" exclaimed my mother when tho general had come up with us. “Emily!” he exclaimed, “I wonder ed where Pardy got all his impudence, for i thought ho could have inherited it only from me.” Wo had a long talk in the moonlight. I knew that my mother had come from California, hut her former homo was one of tho things of which she seldom spoke. The general acknowledged her .as bis wife before me. They disagreed and had separated. For the sake of her con she had followed him, hoping that ! years had softened his temper. She did not caio to cal! upon Lnn at his house, but when I became on such' excellent terms with him she had decided to meet him in the woods, where I bad told her that, ho walked every night. He bad lied from her, but ebe persevered ■ till I brought matters to n head. My uicther is now the mistress cf Block Hall, and I still havo to do a great deal of plain speaking.—Oliver Optic in Philadelphia Press. 