Oar Brlstafi© Letter. so:—1 ■ 1 ■ ■■■ (From our own Correspondent}. Brisbane, Aujnst lUli. StnnxER. ia coming, though slowly I for tlie time of year, the nights still keeping cold enough to check vegeta tion. The crops are looking grand everywhere, giving assurance of a splendid harvest—i£ there is not too much ram. Excess of moisture, rather than of drought, is tho fear of the Australian farmer for once. Abont Toowoomba they say rain now were apt to produce rase, so heavy is the wheat crop. * * * * The assessors, by a majority, found that Mr. D. T. Keogh was a Govern ment contractor when elected for Kosewood; consequently the elaction has been declared void. From the evidence and the summing up of the Chief Justice, on® would expect the verdict unanimous; but the respon dent was a labour man, and so wsra two of the assessors. Mr. Hardgrave did not succeed in getting himself declared the member, nor even m getting his expenses. The first is not in accordance with law, although a notion does prevail that if the man at the head of the poll is disqualified the seat goes to the next best. This is not so. It is only when the petitioner proves he got the most votes that he secures tha seat. As for allowing 1 petitioner his expenses, that was for the assessor to decide, and they re fused them. It was done lawfully, but how about the equity of the thing? Here was a man who alleged something that could only be decided at so much cost. .He succeeds in proving his allegation—and has to pay for it. That does not look the straight thing. Perhaps the assessors, having deprived the respondent of his seat and reduplicated screw, thought it too hard lines to make him pay all the law expenses too. The two parties will fight tha battle over again in another place, and provided the Individualists forbear to cut each other's throats again, the Socialist is bound to go to the wall. * * * * But will they forbear ? I am afraid tho new line of cleavage is not suffi ciently recognised to keep people from playing into the hands of the Labour party. Look at the Logan. Mr. Thomas Plunkett, whom the Premier endorsed for the Albert at the general election, and did everything legitimate to assist, thrusts himself in here with out consulting the Premier, or anyone else of the party, after Mr. Stodart had been endorsed as the Ministerial candidate. Mr. Plunkett wont have the ghost of a show, but ha will take a number of votes—the votes of co religionists—from Mr. Stodart, and thus help the Labour candidate. The Labourists have put their strongesc man into the field — not without ructions among themselves, as the Glasseyitei—the real Glasseyites, who | number very few of the Parliamentary party—wanted to nominate another man, one not so likely to run Glassey for the leadership as Mat. Reid. But ! —to give the party their due—having I chosen Mat. they are all—with the j exception of Mr. Glassey himself (who I is sick) doing their best and worst to I secure his return. In spite of all these nntoward influences, chief of which is the ungrateful action of Mr. Plunkett, Mr. Stodart will be at the top of the poll on Saturday. ^ The undertaking formulated by Messrs. G. H. Geddes, Birt, and Co. in their advertisement gathers fresh significance from the statement that meat is selling in Adelaide at 22s 6d per 100 lbs. If that could be got in London, the frozen meat trade would not be in a critical position. _ And this Adelaide quotation is nothing to what will happen if the tick prohibi tion remains in force ^ery long. There will be a moat famine in tbe Southern capitals, and if we Qaeenslanders neglect to provide for it, the Americans will do it. They will be actually shipping meat from Chicago to Melbourne and Adelaide—if we do not forestall them. • * » * The warships are now leaving the river, and the streets will soon be empty of Jack-ashore. Ho filled them pretty amply during the stay of the squadron, and it ia much to his credit, or that of a merciful Provi dence, that no one was killed or even win over all the time. Jack certainly indulged his shore propensities, par ticularly riding and driving with a perfect looseness, and tho escapes were both numerous and narrow. The Jacks of tbe quarterdeck also contributed largely to the life of their own circles, although their display of cricket last Saturday—Squadron versus Old Crocks—was not an exhilarating performance. # # a If any ferocious Democrat still kept a little warm spot in his bosom for the Chief Justice—"Our Sam" of the palmy Ten Million days—it is as ice now. Yesterday his Honour sen tenced a man to death, and, what do you think? he couldn't do that simple little job without recourse to the customs of a hated and effete old world conservatism. He must assume the black cap, forsooth—couldn't hang a man in a republican-like manner! I remember in Melbourne, when Castlemaine was in its glory and Eaglehawk—like myself—young, bushrangers being sentenced—and hanged too—in batches of half-a dozen—and not a black, cap in the land, unless it might be a pudding of that name. It remained for Our Sam of a decade ago to introduce into Australia the last judicial relic of the aristocratic Old World. But it was done as His Honour Sir Samuel Walker Griffith, C.J., and not as Our Sam at all, The long-talked-of tneeting in con nection with the Brisbane School of Scandal came off last nifjbt, and proved au edifying affair. Edifying as dis playing the quantity of edification required by many oE those who take a leading part in managing or muddl ing the concerns of the institution. The action of the Committee was endorsed, after several attempts being made to uphold the influencing pro clivities of the secretaries. And so we wait on our oars for the next scene in the play—the re-election of a Committee. Interest will centre in seeing how the two men—men who devoted the most time and Attention to the affairs of the institution—who were influenced out by tbe secretaries at the annual election, will be treated now. • # • # The Daandine outrages, coupled with the other poisoning cases, are enough to give one the creeps. Who or what is saFe while such miscreants are about tbe country? And are none of them ever to be caught P * • # * The Peregrine, which arrived from Sydney yesterday morning, brought 260 superb Coonong rams for Hamil ton Downs, a station of the S.A.L.M. A.Co. lying away ever so far west of Hughenden. It is suggestive to see such stock bought for such a place. It proves Queensland is going ahead and no mistake. 