Mutual Satisfaction. IF the Labor party arc satisfied with the result of the elections so far as they have gone, tben tbey must be very easy to please. Out of twenty-two of their nominees sent out to do battle against Ministerial candidates seventeen have been rejected by the constituencies. If the people of Queensland had been so eager for a change and so bitterly incensed against tbe Government for alleged maladministration, tbe elections last Saturday would surely have resulted in a wholesale defeat of Ministerial nominees, and the triumphant return of a large majority of tbe chosen candidates of the A.L.F. That is usually what happens when a Government falls into disrepute, both in Great Britain and in the colonics. Another convincing proof of tbe distrust exhibited by the electors towards tbe Labor party is the rejection at large centres of population of the best men of tbe party. So certain were tbe A.L.F. of the return of Messrs. Reid and Wilkinson, that in tbe Worker published the week before tbe elections it wns gravely stated that Finney " had not the ghost of a show" at Toowong against Reid. The intiuence of the Worker is also shown to bo not quite so paramount among working men as its conductors have supposed. It is amusing in the light of actual results to peruse the editorial tips given by the now politically defunct Higgs concerning W. Stephens. Tbe Worker says: " Our Willie has been foolish enough to forsake his old love (Woollongabba) for the very miserable prospects of being taken on by a new," yet " Our Willie" beaded the poll at South Brisbane, and again goes iuto Parliament to be a thorn in the side of rowdy members. Jack Annear is also returned, which shows pretty plainly what the people think of all the fuss made by the Worker about applying tbe " gag." It is a curious thing that the Labor candidates returned during the bye elections at Ipswich and Townsvillehave both failed at the general election, show ing also very plainly that the electors at those places have not been at all satisGed with the attitude of the Labor faction in the House. Probably tbe Worker haB had as much to do with tbe " downing" of its choBen candidates aB their own demerits or the politics of the party. Mat Reid may thank the Worker for bis dismissal, as there can be no donbt its inoendoes concerning the insolvency of Mat's opponent were resented by many of the Toowong people, who have a high opinion of Mr. Finney's integrity in business. The Valley electors, who returned McDonnell, choBe McMaster in preference to Higgs, although McMaster lias, perhaps more than any other member of the House, been gibbetted in the Worker. There are twenty two endorsed Labor candidates who have still to go to the poll, but as the constituencies include all the gold fields, the number of Labor candidates who obtain scats will probably be ten or twelve, and if this forecast pans out correctly the Labor party in the House will be of equal strength to the present one, while the Government must take a new lease of lite for a term of three years. The best thing that could happen in this Parliament would be for the Ministerial party to be returned by such a large majority that it will be able to revise the Electoral Act and distribute the fran chise on a more equitable basis. We should like to sec every man get his vote, and special enactments made by which the mining communities could return their own members without disfranchis ing other colonists living in the same electorates. We can never obtain fair representation until some method of this description is devised, and it is only a powerful Government in the House that could carry through such an amendment in the constitution without risking its defeat. 