MYSTERIES OF GRIME. In 1880 a woman'B body was discovered in a cellar under the pavement of a fine mansion in Harley-street, London. The butler of the family in cleaning out the cellar came upon a cask and within that cask he found the body preserved in quick lime, which had been used, no doubt, with the idea of preserving it, but the opposite result followed. Decomposition had, how ever, gone too iar to mase recognition possible, and there was never the slightest clue to the identity of the criminal, or the murdered woman. She' had been stabbed to the heart. Nothing whatever was elicited iu the house itself. It had been occupied by the same gentleman, its pre sent proprietor, an unimpeachably respect able person, for about twenty years, and he could throw no light whatever upon the mystery. Even when a body has been clearly identified, within a short space of time, the solution has not been reached. Let us take some of the less familiur cases, as recorded in the criminal his tory of other countries. There was the murder of the 'pretty cigar girl,' as she was called, Mary Rogers, of New York — the foundation, indeed, of- . Edgar Allan Poo's famous story, ' The Mystery of Marie Roget,' although he placed the scene of the crime in Pari3. iwary Rogers left her house one evening for a walk in Hobo ken, on the Jorsey side of the Hudson Rivei', and w-is nevur afterwards seen alive. Some days later hpr body was found fl -at- ing in the North River. S'-ie had been strangled by her own laca fichu. By abd by the traces of a fiercj and mortal struggle were found in the neighboring wood, and in due course several arrests were made, all of men supposed to have been desperately in love with Mary Rogers. Everyone, how ever, was able to establish his innocence, although one, by name Payn, subsequently committed suicide near where tbe crime was perpetrated. This mjs'.erious murder agitated the whole of the TJnitei Slates to an extent unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lin coln and G*rfield, and no satisfactory clue was ever obtained. Not long ago, at the death of the tobacco merchant who had been Mary Rogers' employer, and whohad as years passed become a vtry wealthy man, certain facts were said to come out, which in a measure implicated him with the crime, bub there does not seem to have been more than a vague story of his being haunted on his deathbed in PariB by the ghost of tha murdered girl. Other cases of a similar kind have occurred in the United States. There was the murd-T of Sarah CornwelJ, who was at first thought to have banged herself, then said to have been killed by a Methodist aiinister j but he was acquitted, and the dued now proved to ba one of vio lence, was also a mystery. So was that of the girl fished up from the bottom of Man hattan well, in the days when New York was a small place, but the murderer who had first strangled, then thrown Gulielma Sands down the well was never discovered. If you cannot obtain ' Myfa Tea' in your district, write to D Mitchell and Co., Clarence street, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once through the IopaI storekeeper. 