fpb IterKiBHiii. Iif EESOE, By the Author of 'Clare's Betrayal,' ' Monn's Fate,' ' Lovers Three,' ; ' Cinderella,' &c.; CHAPTER VIII. It was March once more, but March ' with its harsh winds tempered by o glori ous sunshine, and with April but a few days away. London was all astir with gaiety, the Park was crowded, the shops busy, and Major Forbes felt thoroughly in ncoord with things in general as he strode along Piccadilly; with b ting gold ring carefully put away in his waistcoat pocket. Only two days more, and it would be their wedding-day. He was not to appear at Cookham again before tho event, when he was to be the Las celleB' guest. Sir Charles was to give Madge away, and after Lady Lascalles had delivered herself of sundry sarcastic remarks about the differences in age be- 1 tween them, and the greater suitability ! of Mrs. Greystone as a wife, she became fairly friendly, : and took quite an in tereat in the trousseau. Little, however, did Cyril care about trousseau or grand weddings. To have Madge for his own was ail he wanted.. In their four months' ; - engagement she had grown into his ' 1 very heart, for never before in his life ' had he suffered himself to so utterly and completely love any human creatuie. Her wilfulness, her frank, proud bear ing, her love and trustfulness .made her indescribably dear to him. There was a room in his old home at Hampshire, with bow- windows looking ;i out southward over the shining sea, that was to be her very own ; and the sums ha had spent on its contents made Mrs. Greystone sigh .enviously over her ' ?-; ? daughter's future. Only poor Terry wore a grave face, and Madge, in her first happiness, had hardly a thought; to spare for her old friend. 'Poor boy!' thought Cyril, with a ? contemptuous pity, as he turned home ward that afternoon ; ' it's very hard on him. I wonder why he doesn't go away before wo nre married. He can't expect any miracle to intervene now to prevent it.' He was going home to write a few ; lettors before going out for the evening, . , and, as usual, let himself in with his latoh-key. His man-servant just met him inside the door. . 'Beg pardon, sir, but there's a lady waiting to see you in the dining-room,' ? :i: ' ho said. . . 'A lady! What's her name 1' said Cyril, with some insane idea of its being . Madge. ? 'Don't know, sir. She wouldn't v say. Said you wouldn't know it,' he v said, in his ex-military manner. 'What's she like?' said Major ; Forbes, vexed at the prospective dolay. . ' Oh ! a stout, elderly party, ' sir ; ? . looks as if she'd come about a subscrip tion.' ' Very well, I'll see her,' he said care lessly, and pushing open the door walked in. A woman was standing at tho window ? looking out, and at his entrance she turned slowly round, disclosing a face \- of a pale swarthy hue, sunken black eyes, nod an untidy mass of oily, black ? hair. 'I have been waiting for yon a : long time,' she said, with a smile. ? Major Forbes gazed at hor in a wild, incredulous despair, grasping the back of a chair to steady himself. 'Who aro yon?' he tried to say, hoarsely, though already he knew the answor only too well. ' Have nino years so altered me that yon do not know me? I am Welita, your wife,' she said, in a lazy, listless voice, her words running into each other as if from sheer fatigue. ' But — but you died ?' he stammered confusedly. ' For my own convenience,' she said, coolly; 'and now I have risen again, and have come to comfort my disconso late widower. Have you no welcome for mo, Cyril 7' He had sunk into a chair, and was looking at her with ghastly eyes. ' But your cousin, Oliviera ? He came here and told me yon were dead, that you had died in Simla. He oven showed me a certificate of deatb,' ' And yet you seo lam alive,' she said, mockingly. ' You are not very hospitable, Cyril : you do not.olfer me any refreshment, and I am thirsty.' ' But what does it all mean ? Was it some fiendish trickery between you two?' he said, heedless of her lust words. ' How cute you are growing' ;now ? You have guessed it so accurately. It pleased mo to cull myself dead for a -: while, so Manuel, who was ever my r . friend, undertook to toll you so ; and . you did not find the news so hard of be lief.' ' But the certificate?' ho said, his thoughts still scattered. ' There was a liltlo cousin oE mine, Nelita Veria, who did die in Simla at . that date, and it was not so difficult to olter tho surname in our own copy of the . certificate, and with thateimple trustfnl noss that I havo ever so admired in you, my Cyril, you did not even take it in your hands. Bah ! such finesse and skill were positively thrown away on you.' ' And what was your object in it all 7' lie said hoarsely. A sudden fire camo into the sleopy, sunken eyos. ' My object ? To repay you for all your neglect and desertion. Oh, I know you ! Till you were certain you were free, you would not suller that frigid heart of , ? yours to love again. Love ! , Ah ! you knew it not! But yon would not oven lot your woll-controlled alfections stay © till you were free of me. So, to test you I died ; and, lo ! I have not lain in my grave for six months before my model English husband, my disconsolate widower, is oti the eve of his marriage with a young English miss, brought up in all your proprieties and decorums ! Little wonder if my ghost walks. Why, I would havo come back from Paradise to stop your wedding.' (To be Continued.) 