CHAPTER III. AFfER THE BALL. Myra went slowly downstairs and en tered the breakfast-room. It was quite empty, so she had it all to herself. She went over to the open window and stood gazing out upon the grounds, not yet recovered from the effects of last night's dissipation. " It's a shame to spoil the garden so completely just for one night's amuse ment." She expressed her opinion aloud, and it reached the ears of David Hartley. Jnst outside the window he was smok ing a matutinal cigar. His face looked wan and troubled in the bright, search ing sunlight. He turned his head idly, and a shadow darkened his face. " Ah ! good morning, Myra," he ob served, coldly. "Glad tt» know that someone is up at last. These horrid late hours are enough to affect anyone's health, and turning night into day plays mischief with a man's constitution no matter how sound. Well, Myra, I trust that you have found inclination to con sider that matter of business ?" She started uneasily. Alas ! would he never let her rest P Must she be an noyed from morn to dewy eve with this ugly question staring her.persistently in the face-this question which she has answered-but which David will not consider disposed of ? " What business, Uncle D^vid ?" she asked, sharply. David shrugged his shoulders. "Don't attempt to play innocence !" he returned, grimly. ''You know that I refer to Tristram O'Shea." "Tristram O'Shea! Tristram O'Shea, indeed ! I have the very sound of his name! Must I be haunted by it at every turn ? Wheiever I go must I be confronted with a dark-faced Tristram O'Shea, who considers me his pro perty ? And no wonder, since he holds the bill of sale." David Hartley started violently, with a muttered execration which he prudentiy suppressed. How in the world did this girl ever learn of the existence of that paper which he cannot hide from himself ? *'What do you mean?" he stam mered. " You are using strong language, Myra-rather strong." " It requires strong language to do justice to the situation," she returned coldly. " Uncle David, I have seen the note which my father-my own father "-oh. the scorn in that sweet, ringing voice !-" signed and you en dorsed. Oh, shame upon such man hood-such parodies upon gentlemen! And ten thousand times more shame ful is the conduct of the man who has made himself a party to the transac tion ! Tristram O'Shea is too vile to merit a woman's consideration. Now, Uncle David, let us drop this subject for good and all. I am heartily tired of it, and you are convinced by this time that it is of no use-no earthly use! I will never marry Tristram O'Shea-never, never!" David Hartley started up, nearly knocking his chair over as he did so. Never in all her short life had Myra seen him so angry, so fearfully, terribly angry. His eyes gleamed like steel points, his strong frame trembled with wrath. " You shall 1" he hissed shrilly from between his set teeth. " Myra, you forget that I am implicated in this matter. I do not see how I ever allowed myself to be drawn into such a vortex, but Ernest possessed a smooth tongue and he wheeled me into it somehow. And then besides I. do not object to confessing to you( Myra -he, your father, knew ot a mue business transaction of mine which I desired to keep secret, and he stipu lated that the only terms upon which it should remain a secret were that I should endorse this note which O'Shea holds. Your father at the time was engaged in certain speculations. He had borrowed the money from O'Shea with which to commence operations, and fhere was every prospect of suc cess. He would have succeeded, I am confident, only he was taken away so suddenly. So you see, Myra, the matter lies in a nutshell. I must pay the money and be ruined, my home sold, my wife and children become beggars. For, although twenty thou sand pounds is not so very large a sum, there are reason -good reasons -why just now the Joss of it would prove disastrous to me. I have made all this unpleasant explanation, Myra, and now yon will see that there is no course in all humanity left you but obedience to your father's will." The beautiful eyes flashed omin ously. " My father's will was of a nature, unfortunately, that does not demand obedience from a child, I have already told you that I will never marry Tristram G'Shea if my very life depended upon it, I would not, and I could not 1" " Why should you hate this man ? It is unreasonable, surely." " Hale him ? Well, suppose I do and perhaps I do, in a certain sense." And then she added, calmly: " To hate properly, you know, sir, the per son must be at least oi some earthly consequence. Now, I consider Mr. Tristram O'Shea as a being of no con sequence in the world to me. I have complete contempt for him- in a word, I tell you I cannot and will never marry him. My mind is fully made up. You may do your best to induce me to yield, but it will be all wasted time and energy on your part. 11 tell you, uncle, I am willing to be a J good and obedient girl, and to ac knowledge your authority as a guardian, but I draw the line at tyranny. Shall we end this conference now, Uncle David ?" " No !" thundered forth David, I will make you speak of it. You are under my control, Myr'a, and you shall obey me. I am not the man to stand idly by with folded hands and see my wife and child in need of the comforts of life, while you, my ward, have it in your power to make everything straight and right. I tell you I will give you no choice; on your nineteenth birth day you shall marry Tristram O'Shea, or " He stopped short, panting for breath. She turned upon him de fiantly : " You are going beyond the limit of your authority, sir! I think the law can soon set this right, and the day will come when you will have cause to repent your cruelty to me, Mr. David Hartley. And then, with womanly revulsion of feeling, she rushed swiftly to his side, her starved, lonely heart quiver ing with, pain at the thought of its lack of love, her white arms outstretched as though to fling them around his neck, her sweet face full of pathetic plead ings like a grieved child. " Uncle David, don't be so cruel to me; don't be so hard, and harsh, and stern. For papa's sake, who loved me once before he was caught in the clutches of that wicked Tristram O'Shea, feel a little kindness and pity for me ! I am all alone, Uncle David, all alone in the world. And the world is so cold and cruel and unfeeling towards the lonely orphan. Pity me, Uncle David, and try to care a little for me I Not like you care for Blanche -of course I could not expect that but for the sake of your dead brother, have some sympathy and affection for his only child!" David Hartley fell back a pace or two. Over his face a look of cold hauteur, contemptuous impatience, settled down. He turned away from the pale, pleading little face, from the outstretched arms ; he shut his ears to the pathos of the sweet, pleading voice, "When you announce your readi ness to obey me "-his voice was as cold as ice and his face hard as adamant-" then I will bestow some affection upon you. Until that day you must consider yourself an alien and a stranger to inc. My house must be 'your home for the present, my roof shall shelter you, but I can feel no affection for you, no sympathy for a wilful, disobedient child !" He turned his back on her, and left the room. Myra threw herself down into the chair that he had just vacated, and buried her face in her trembling hands. The conflict was wearing her out-breaking her down, mind and body. And sitting thus, the sound of voices fell athwart the silence, high pitched and angry. Blanche and her mother bad crept down to a late breakfast at last, pale and hollow-eyed -mere ghosts of the bright, pretty women of the night before. "I tell you, mamma," cried the shrill voice of Blanche Hartley, Hector has not proposed, and I begin to believe that I shall lose my chance after all! And do you know why ? I believe that he is interested in Myra. Absurd to the last degree, to be sure, but you know he saw her last night, after all my precautions, though she did behave respectably by keeping out of the way. And that reminds me where in the world was she the entire evening? Not upstairs, for she came from the grounds and passed up the staircase to her own room to retire, while I stood in the hall conversing with Hector. That was his first glimpse of her, and he asked me, with an appearance of deepest interest, who she might be. Mamma, the girl looked like a picture, and her eyes shone so that they fairly dazzled me. And that thin black dress is awfully becoming to her style. Her throat and arms looked like sculptured marble. It made me feel jealous to look at her; though my Nile-green silk and lace overdress cost twenty times what her gauzy little dress did." " We must try to get rid of her," put in Mrs. Hartley, thoughtiully. "David shall send her to school. But, at all events, while she is in my house she shall obey me " The words died upon her lips in a startled cry, for the door was thrown open, and a servant rushed into the room, pale and excited. " Oh, ma'am ! Oh, Miss Blanche; such an awful thing! Sims, the gar dener, found it down in the grounds ! The body of a woman, ma'am, a young woman, stabbed to the heart, and stone dead!" , To BE CONTINUED. 