? THE "FREE LANCE" RECEIPT BOOK. [PREPARED BY "TIT WILLOW."] HAEDY STEW. The component parts of this delicious dish are Wessex, female opportunists, genius landscapes, repose, sheep, architctural, terms, rural musicians, more genius, milkmoi^c humour, linmnni* and a.nrl grave crravfi men. mfin. If Tf flio the maids, saucepan be not full, keep on adding genius a n d c o n temptfor Mrs. Grundy until it is. So v 1 o i j j w f . i i e h b e t o l d, b l l f c t h e success fin0C.GSS of 0f the dish ' ™ ' m HAGGARD RAGOUT. C h o p u p a million Zulus into small pieces with a Scandinavian battle-axe, and leave in the sprigs African of undergraduate sun to simmer. fun. a Throw few leaves in some of "Isaiah" -and stalks of. Buhverian mysticism. Add a spoonful of Lang's Essence of Homer. IBSEN POT-AU-FEU. ^ringTn thrionvStion^^Ssine.' Nolfa few epicures, however, relish it, 1 and the taste, when once acquired, is generally abiding. ^ To some the concoction is """ positively nauseous; to others it is the i o perfection of -culinary art. Method: Take as a basis a s&cial; system and the orthodox code of morality. Pulverise both to a shapeless mass. steadily until thoroughly dissolved. Ttien "throw in a few emancipated women, some' " beautiful " suicides, plenty of symbols a nJ' i (j e &] f i j o n e 01. t w o ghosts, a doll's house, !onje victims to hereditary affliction, crisp dialogue ."Abundant psychological analysis, and a stockphrase or two. Flavour with a soupcon, <)f egoism, and an abundance of pessi nism. Keep the pot boiling for three hours, and serve steaming hot. The dish may be garnished with a few of Clement Scott's expletives, and Mrs. Grundy's righteous indigation. The late Dr. Pearson has au appreciative cirticism of Lindsay Gordon's poetry in the June PALL MALL MAGAZINE, and George Ashton spreads himself over the article with large pictures of bushmen and horses, the head piece consisting of a gruesome sketch of what may be assumed to be the skulls of Gordon and his noble steed. Dr. Pearson writes interestingly, though by no means sufficiently satisfactorily, of the dead poet's worth. Like every critic of every poet, Pearson discovers the usual influence in Gordon's verse without which in these imitative days no poetry, according to the intensely original critics, is complete. Swinburne, says Pearson, had more influence than ar.y other poet 011 his style, while Browning was another influence " not so much on the dramatic as on the narrative side of his genius." On the obverse side Pearson judges Gordon to be defective in literary form, meagre in thought, half-educated, and lacking the critical instinct, but all the same he is led to the conclusion that " Gordon is essentially the Australian poet, the man whose verses have passed into current speech, while Kendall and Stephens, with all their merit, enjoy only a success of esteem. He has one great quality—an essential vitality.' # # # * The English literary papers are beginning to notice "Banjo" Paterson's book of verse. The LITERARY WORLD agrees with Rolf Boldrewood that Paterson is second only to Gordon, but complains of the need of revision evident throughout the volume. • Authority loves authority; tlie possessors of authority of every kind hold out a hand to one another.—RENAN. LADIES can acquire the bold, fashionable, aristocratic, and favourite Style of Handwriting ^ o introduced ^ t a ckss^ri^^^ by Mr. Needham in one course Pamphlet containing opinion's of weU-Kn ladies and gentlemen obtainable at Crawford and Co., Needham's Music Warehouse, Writing Institute, Elizabeth- street, Russellstreet. Established 40 years. Consult Dr. L. L. SMITH, mornings from 9 till 1.30, evenings from 7 till 8.30. Fee by letter, £1. Address .—41 Collins Street, Melbourne. (Medicine forwarded through Colonies.) 