SUPERSTITIONS OF TO-DAY. Ixi.xpox Iaundrymaids cling fondly to tho belief that if rod-hot cinders aro found adhering to tho door of their copper fire a quantity of now work is f/ofitintf tn. fiAMrdmc (f) thfl nilAntilv of cinder. If tho samo thing on thoir ironipg-stovodoor, work is going to bo forfeited accordingly. In the Southern counties of England thoro is a wide spread belief amongst tbo rural popu lation that a potato carried in tho pocket is an effectual nntidoto against rheumatism. Many firmly insist that it is n positive preventative, and affirm that thoy suffer considerable qualms if, on changing their garments, tho friendly potato has been left behind Many Gornish folk, especially thoso of tho soa-faring section, seriously nssort that if a seagull is put in tho coffin with a dead por«on tlio ghost of that person will not return. Should this rito bo ignored tho superstitious re latives ro sure to bo visitod now nnd again by the departed ono. At least os runs tho belief. Tho peasants and colliers of Lanca shire havo many superstitions in which they repose it stolid faith well worthy of abetter object. I'orhaps ono of the most curious of their beliofg is that It is positively courting misfortune to lend anyone n pairof bellows, and, in consoquenco of this fallacy. It is exceedingly difficult to borrow this nn- ciont end useful nrticlo. A curious sii|rstition, relating to tho killing of nig for bacon, prevails generally in Wales, to tho offset that bacon from pig slaughtered whilst tho moon is decreasing is very inferior in quality. So much faith is there in this supersti tion in some parfs of Wales that noth ing would induce some of tbo peoplo to -bier their pigs at eny otlior tiinn 'H# piocn Is incresdng nnd but when nearly full. floutb-West of hi scano parts of tin „ '-reyaQf England curious supination. A hair is takon from a maiden's bond and passed through a wodding ring. Tho onds aro then hold by tho girl with her first fingor and thumb, anil tho ring suspomiod a littlo way from tho top of a half-fillod tumbler of water. Tho hand is hold porfoctly still, but tho riDg is prosontly soon to oscillato to such nn oxtont that it chinks against tlio sidu of tho tumblor. Tho nuinbor of chinks is said to cor respond with tho number of yoars which will olapso before tho girl is marriod. In tbo South of Ireland it is boliovod that whon n porson dies, nnd tho body- is enrriod tho noniest way to tlio cometoiy, it is a sure sign tlint ono of tho family will soop dio nnd follow it to tho grave. If, liowovor, a body- is carried tno longost way, tho re mainder of tbo family will livo long. A peculiar superstition prevails in tho Islo of Arran, in tho Wost Highlands, whoro it is boliovod that if tho boots of a murdorod man is biiriod below high-wator mark it will offootuallypro- vont his ghost from walking. At Sof tonj noar Liverpool, thoro is a well containing remarkably clear wator and surrounded by chains. Thoro is an old talo told that a church was to bo built on tho spot whore tho woll is now. Tho foundation'-stono was found somo distance from it. Thin happoaod tliroo difforont times, and finally the church was built on tho spot to which thostono had boon mysteriously removed, and r. woll sprang up whoro it was first dopositod. Tho supersti tion now is, if you throw a pin in and tho head turns towards tho church, you will be marriod soon and prosper ously. Thousauds of pins havo boon loft thoro hy ambitious young peoplo, and doubtloss tho prophecy has, in samo casos, boon fulfilled. 