THE SHADOW IN THE MOONLIGHT. Br MRS. MOLES WORTH v;: (Author ol "H&thercourt; Itactory," "Bode Winds Farm," &c.;, &c.J; y, r:„ PART IL Phil is' our soldier brother. And there-is nothing fanciful about him. Ho is' a rock of sturdy commonsense and unfailing' good nature. He was the very best person to con fide our strange secrets to, and my respect for Dormy increased. We did tell him—the very next morning. He listened attentively, only putting in a question here and there, and though, of course, be was incredulous—had I not been so myself? he was not mocking. " I am glad you have told no one else," ho Baid, when, we had related the whole as cir cumstantially as possible. "You see mother is not very strong yet, and it would be a pity to bother father just when he's taken this place.and settled it all. And for goodness sake, don't let a breath of it get about among the servants; there'd be the—something to pay, if you did." "I won't tell anybody,"said Dormy. "Nor shall I," I added. Sophy is far too excitable, and if she knew she would certainly tell Nannie. Nannie is our old nurse. " If we tell any one," Philip went on, " that means," with a rather irritating smile of self confidence, "if by any possibility I do not succeed in making an end of your ghost and we want another opinion about it, the person to tell would be Miss Larpent," " Yes," I said, " I think so, too." I would not risk irritating him by saying how convinced I was that conviction awaited Mm as surely as it come to myself, and I knew that Miss Larpent, though far from credulous, i was equally far from stupid scepticism con | cerning the "mysteries" "not dreamt of" in ordinary " philosophy." | "What do you mean to do?" I wentoo. | " You have a theory, I see. Won't you tell me what it is?" j "I have two," said Phil, rolling up a [ cigarette as he spoke. "It is either some queer optical illusion, partly thet effect of some odd reflection outside—or it is a clevfer trick." * " A trick," I exclaimed; " whabpossible mo tive could there be for a trick?" Phil shook his head. "Ah," he said, "that I cannot at present say." "And what are you going to do?" "I shall sit up to-night in the gallery and see for myself." "Alone?" I exclaimed, with some mis-. giving. For big, sturdy fellow as he was, I scarcely liked to think of him—of any one —alone with that awful thing. " I don't suppose you or Dormy would care to keep me company," he replied, "andon the whole I would rather not have you." "I wouldn't do it," said the child, honestly, not for—for nothing, "I shall keep Tim with me," said Philip, " I would rather have him than any one."' Tim is Phil's bull-dog,' and certainly, I agreed, much tetter than nobody. So it was settled. Dormy and I went to bed unusually early that night, for as the day wore on we both felt exceedingly tired. I pleaded a headache, which was not altogether a fiction, though I repented having complained at all when I found that poor mamma immediately began worrying herself with fears that " after all' I, too, was to fall a victim to the influenza. "I shall be all right in the morning," I assured her. I knew no further details of Phil's arrange ments. I fell asleep almost at once. I usually do. And it seemed to me that I had slept a whole night when I was awakened by a glim mering light at iny door, and heard Philip's voice speaking softly. "Are you awake, Lei?" he said, as people always say when they awake you in any un timely way. Of course, now I was awake, very much awake indeed. "What is it?" I exclaimed, eagerly, my heart beginning to beat very fast "Oh, nothing, nothing at all," said rn^ brother, advancing a Jir.tle into the room, just thought I'd look in on my way to bed to reassure you, I have seen nothing, ateolutely nothing." I do not know if I was relievod or dis appointed. " Was it moonliglit?" I asked, abruptly. "No," he replied, "unluckily the moon did not come out at all, though it is nearly at full. I carried in a small lamp, which made things less eerie. But f should have preferred the moon." I glanced up at him. Was it the reflection of thecandle beheld, or did he look paler than usual? "And," I added, suddenly, "did you feel nothing?" I Ho hea!tated. "It—it was chilly, certainly," he said. "T fancy I must have dosed a little, for I did feel pretty'cold once or twice." "Ah, indeed!" thought I to myself. "And how about Tim?" [ Phil amiied, but not very suceessfnlly. ! "Well," he said, " I must confess Tim did not altogether like it. He started snarling, [ then he growled, and finished up with whining hv a decidedly unhappy way. He's rather upset—poor oid chap." i And then I saw that the dog was beside him —rubbing up close to Philip's legs—a very de jected, reproachful Tim—all the starch takes out of him. I "Goodnight, Phil," I said, turning round on my pillow, " I'm glad' you are satisfied. To-morrow morning you must tell me which of your theories holds most water. Good night, and many thanks." He was going to say more, but my manner for the moment stopped him, and he went off. Poor old Piyl. We had it out the next morning. lie and I alone. He was not satisfied. Par from it. In the hot torn of his heart I believe it was a strange yearning for a. breath of human com panionship, for the sound of a human voice, that had made him look in on me the night before. For he had felt the cold passing him. But be was very plucky. " I'll sit up again to-night, Leilas" he said. "Not to-night," I objected. "This sort of adventure requires one to be at one's best. If you take my advice you will go to bed early, and have a good stretch of a sleep, so that you will bo quite fresh by to-morrow. There will be a moon for some nights still." * Why do you keep harping on the moon?" said Phil rather crossly for him. "Because I have some idea, that it is only in the moonlight that—that anything is to bo seen." " Bosh f said my brother, politely—he was certainly rather discomposed—"we are talk ing at cross purposes. You are satisfied " "Far from satisfied," I interpolated. "Well, convinced, whatever you like to call it, that, the whole thing is supernatural, whereas I ftm ©quallyBuro ifc is a trick—« clever trick I allow—though I haven't yet got " Youneed your nerves to be at their best todisooyera tiiek of this "kiiid,if a trick it be^'. I said quietly. . - ' Philip hadleft his seat, and was walking hp anddown the room; his way of doing so gave me a feeling that he wanted to walk off some unusual consciousness of irritability. I felt hidf provoked and half sorry for him. .j .At-.that moment—we were alone in the drawing-room—the door opened, and Miss XAtpent came in. - "X cannot find Sophy," she said, peering about -through her rather short- sighted eyes, which, nevertheless, sec a. great deal sometimes, "do you know where she is?" , . "I saw her setting off somewhere with Nugent," said Philip, stopping his quarter deck: exercise for a moment. ■* Ah,.then it is hopeless. I supposeX must resign myself to very irregular ways for a little longer," Miss Laarpent replied with.a smile. She is not young, and not good-looking, hut she is gifted with a delightful way of smiling, •nd-sue is—well, the dearest and almost the wisest of women. She looked at Philip as he spoke. She had known us nearly since our babyhood. "Is there anything "the matter?" she said, Suddenly; ''You look fagged, Leila, and Philip seems worried." I glanced at Philip. He understood me. "Yes," he replied, "I Am irritated, and Leila is"—he hesitated. \- " What?" asked Miss Larpemt. ' "Oh, I don't know—obstinate, I suppose. Sit down, Miss Larp nt, and hear our story. Leila, you can toll it.". I did so—first obtaining a promise of secrocy, and making Phil relate his own experience. Our new confidante listened attentively, her face very grave. When she had heard all, she said quietly^after a moment's silence:— " It's very strange, very. Philip, if you will . .wait till to-morrow night, and I quito agree with Leila that you had better do so, I will sit up with you. I nave pretty good nerves, and I haye always wanted an experience of that kind." V Then you don't think it is a trick?" I said eagerly. I was like Dormer, divided between my real underlying longing to. explain-the ■ tiling, and got rid of the horror of it, and a half childish wish to prove that I had not ex aggerated its ghastlinoss. I will tell you that the day after to morrow," she said. I could not repress a little shiver as she spoke. She had good nerves, and she was extremely sensible. . But I almost blamed myself afterwards for • having acquiesced in the plan. For the effect on her was very great. They never told me exactly what happened, "you know," said Miss Larpent. I imagine their experience was almost precisely similar to Dormy's and mine, intensified, perhaps, by the feeling of loneli ness; for it was not till all the rest of the family was in bed that this second vigil began. It. was a bright moonlight night—they had the whole thing complete. It was impossible to throw off the effect. Even in the daytime, the four of us who had seen and heard, shrank from the gallery, and made any conceivable excuse for avoiding it. # But Fhil, however, convinced, behaved con sistently. He examined the closed door thoroughly, to detect any possible trickery. Ho explored the attics, he went up and down tho staircase leading to the offices till the ser vants must have thought he was going crazy. He found nothing—no vaguest hint even, as to why the gallery was chosen by the ghastly shadow for its nightly round. Strange to say, however, as the moon waned Oucjiorror faded, so that we almost began to hope the thing was at an end, and to trust that in time we should forget about it. And wo ' congratulated ourselves that we had kept our own counsel and not disturbed any of tho others—even father, who would, no doubt, have hooted at the idea—by tho baleful whisper that our charming castle by the sea was haunted! And the days passed by, growing into weeks. The second detachment of our gueRta had left, and a third had just arrived, when one morning as I was waiting at what we called " the seadoor" for some of the others to join me in a walk along the sands, some one touched me on the shoulder. It was Philip. *' Lelia," he said, "lam not. happy about Dormer. Ho is looking ill again, and " " I thought he seemed so much stronger," I Baid, surprised and distressd, "quite rosy, and so much merrier." "So he was till a few days ago," said Philip. "But if you notice him well you'll see that he's getting that white look again. And—I've got it into my head—he is an extra ordinarily sensitive child, that it has some thing to do with the moon. It's getting on to the full." For the moment I stupidly forgot the in sinuation. "Really, Phil," I said, "you are too absurd! Do you actually—oh," as he was beginning to interrupt me, and my faee fell,.I feel sure—"you don t mean about thegallory." " Yes, I do," he said. "How, Has Dormy told you anything?" and a sort of sick feeling came over mo. "I had begun to hope," I went on, that some how it had gone; that, perhaps, it only comes once a year at a certain season, or possibly that new-comers see it at the first and not. again. Oh, Phil, we can't stay here, however nice it is, if it is really haunted." *' Dormy hasn't said much," Philip replied. " He only told the he had felt the cold once or twice 'since the moon came again,'" he said; "Jbut I can see the fear of more is upon him, and this determined me to speak to you. I have to go to London for ten days or so to see the doctors about my leave and a few other things. I don't like it for you and Miss Lar pent, if—if this thing is to return—with no one else in your confidence, especially on Dormy's account. Ho you think wo must tell father before I go?" I hesitated. For many reasons I was reluc tant to do so. Father would ha exaggeratedly sceptical at first; and then, if lie were con vinced, as 1 knew he would be, he would go to the other extreme and insist upon leaving -Finster, and there would Iks a regular upset, trying for mother and everybody concerned. And mother liked the place and was looking so much better! .. "After all," I said, " it has not hurt any of us. Miss Larpent got a shake, so did I. Put it wasn't as great a shock to us as to you Phil, to have to believe in a ghost. And we. can avoid tho gallery while you are away. No, except for Dormy, I would rather keep it to ourselves—after all, we are not going to live here always. Yet it is so nico, it seems such a pity." It was such an exquisite morning; the air, faintly breathing of the sea, v/as like elixir; the heights and shadows on t.he cliffs, thrown out hy the darker woods behind, were indeed, as Janet Miles had said, "wonderful." "Yes," Phil agreed, "it is an awful nuisance. " But as for Dormy," he went on, " supposing I got mother to' let me take him with me? He'd be as jolly as a sandboy in London, and my old.landlady would look after him like anything if over I had to be out late. And I'd let. my. doctor see him—quietly, you know—ho might givebim a toxuc or some thing;" ,: . ■ r"5. .: ; . lueartily approved of the idea. So did maibiha when Phil broached it—she,, too, had thought her "baby" looking quite pale lately. A London doctor's opinion. would be such a satisfaction. So it was settled, and the very next day ,the tyro set oft Dormer, In.his "old-fashioned,." reticent way, in the greatest delight, though 'only by ope remark did the bravojittlo fellow hint at'what was no doubt the principal cause of jiis satisfaction. /'The moon will bo long past.the full when we come back," he said. " Agd after that there'll only be one other tune upfors^wo go, won't there, Leila? We've only got this house for three faonths?" " Yes," I said, " father only took it for three," though in my heart. I knew it was with the option of threo more—six in all. . And Miss Larpent and'I.were left alone, not with the ghost certainly, but with our fateful knowledge of its unwelcome proximity. We did not speak of it to each other, but we tacitly avoided the gallery, even, as much as . possible, in the daytime. I felt, and so she since confessed, did she, that it would. be im possible to endure that cold without betraying ourselves. , Arid I began to breathe more "freely, trust ing that the dread of - the shadow's possible return was really only due to the child's over wrought nerves. .Till—one morning—my fool's paradise was abruptly destroyed. Father carrio in late to breakfast—he had been for an early walk, he said, to get rid of a headache. But he did not look altogether as if he had succeeded in doing so. "Leila," he said, as I was leaving the room after pouring out his coffee—mamma was not yet allowed to got up early—"Loila, don't go. I want, to speak to you." I stopped short, and turned towards the table. There was something very odd abot^ his manner. He is usually hearty and eager, almost impetuous in his way of speaking. "Leila," ho began again," "you are a sen sible girl, and your nerves are strong I fancy. Besides, you have not been ill like the others. Don't speak of what I'm going to tell you.' I nodded in assent; I could scarcely have spoken. My heart was beginning to thump. x atner wouia not nave commenaea my nerves had he known it. "Something odd and inexplicable happened last night," ho went on. "Nugent and L were sitting in the gallery. It was a mild night, and the moon magnificent. We thought the gal lery would be pleasanter than the smoking room, now that Phil and his pipes are away. Well—we were sitting quietly. I had lighted my reading-lamp on the little table at one end of the room, and Nugent was half lying in his chair, _ doing nothing in particular except admiring the Inig'nt, when all at once he started violently with an exclamation, and, jumping-sip, came towards me. Leila, his teeth were chattering, and he was blue with cold. I was very much alarmed—you know how ill he was at College. But iu a moment or two he recovered. _ " What on earth is the matter?" I said to him. lie tried to laugh. " I really don't know,"he sa.id. " I felt as if I had had an electric shock- of cold—but I'm all right again now." _ I wont into the dining-room, and made him take a little hrandy-and-wator, and sent him off to bed. Then I came hack, still feeling rather uneasy about him, and sat down with my book, when, Leila—you will scarcely credit it —I myself felt the same shock exactly. A perfectly hideous thrill of cold. That was how it liegan, I started up, and then, Leila, by degrees, in some instinctive way, I seemed to realise what had caused it. My dear child, you will think I have gone crazy when I tell you that there was a shadow—a shadow in the moonlight—chasin(t me, so to say, round the room, and once again it caught me up, and again came that appalling_ sensation. I would not give in. I dodged it after that, and set myself to watch it, and then" I need not quote my father further; suffice it to say his experience matched that of the rest of us entirely—no, I think it surpassed it. It was the worst of all. Poor father! I shuddered for him. 1 think a shock of that'kind is harder upon a man than upon a woman. Our sex is less sceptical, less entrenched in sturdy rnatters-of-fact, more imaginative, or whatever you like' to call i the readiness to believe what wo cannot ex plain. And it was astounding to me to see how my father at once capitulated—never even aUvdinj to a possibility of trickery. Astounding, yet at the same time not without a certain satisfaction in it. It was almost a relief to find others in the same boat with our selves. I told him at onee all vjc had to tell and how painfully exercised we had been as to the advisability of keeping our secret to our selves. I never saw father so impressed; h<f was awfully kind, too, and so sorry for us. He made me fetch Miss Larpent, and we held a council of—I don't knowwhat to call it! Not "war" assuredly, for none of us thought of fighting the ghost. How could one fight a shadow? We decided to do nothing beyond endeavour ing to keep the affair from going further. During the next few days father arranged to have some work done in the gallery which would prevent our sitting there without raising any suspicions on mamma's or Sophy's part. "And then," said father, "we must see. Possibly this extraordinary influence only makes itself felt periodically." "I am almost certain it is, so," said Miss Larpent. " And- in this case," he continued, "we may manage to evade it. But I do not feel disposed to continue my 0-nnncy hero after three months are over. If onee the servants get hold of tho story, and they are sure to do so sooner or later, it would be unendurable—the worry and annoyance would do your mother far more harm than any good effect the air and change havo had upon her." I was glad to hear this decision. Honestly, I did not feel as if I could stand the strain for long, and it might kill poor little Dormy. But where snail wo go? Our own home would be quite uninhabitable till the autumn, for extensive alterations and repairs were going on there. I said this to father. " Yes," he agreed, "it is not convenient"— and he hesitated. "J cannot make it out," lie went on; "Miles would have been mire to know if the house bad a bad name in any way. I think J will go over and see him to-day, and tell him all about it- at least, I shall enquire about some other house in the neighbourhood —and perhaps I will tell him our reason for leaving this." He did so—ho wont over to Ttnxtrew that very afternoon, and, as I quite anticipated would lie the case, he told me on his return that he had taken both our friends into his con fidence. "Theya.ro extremely concerned about it," | he said, "and very sympathizing, though, i naturally, iiv-linod to think us a. parcel of very | wcakminded folk indeed. But. I am glad of one | thing —the Rectory there is to be let from the I first of .July for three months. Miles took me to .nee it I think it will do very well—it is jjuif&out; of the vWag^—for youically can't call it\a'town—and a .nice httle .placomits Wqy.. Tftuite modern, land as Unghostlike jas ydn «anld wish, bright and chdeiy.',' '. , , And what will mamma think of ourleaving aosoon?" I asked. , . .. But as to.thisfather reassured me. i Hehad ftlreadyspoken of it to her, and somehow she did not seem disappointed*.'She had got it into her bead that Finster did not suit Dormy, and was quite disposed to think that three montha of such strong air were enough at a time. . - "Then you have decided upon Raxtrew Rectory?" leaked. • • " I have the refusal of it," said my father, "But you will be almost amused to near that Miles begged me not to fix absolutely for a few daya._ He is coming to us to-morrow to spend the night." - ~ ' " You mean to see for himself ?" Father nodded. . •■ ■ ■ • "Poor'Mr. Miles!" I ejaculated. '"You won't sit up with him I hope, father?" "I offered to do so, but he won't h6ar of it," was the reply. "Ho is bringing one of his keepers with him-^-a sturdy, trustworthy young fellow, and they twb with their revolvers are going to nab the ghost. So he says. We shall see. We must manage tp prevent our servantssuspecting anything." _ This was managed. I need not go into par ticulars. Suffice to say that the sturdy keeper reached his own home before dawn on the night of tho vigil, 110 endeavours of his master haying succeeded in persuading him to stay another unomont at Finster, and that Mr. Milos himself looked so ill the next morning when he joined us at tho breakfast-table that we, the initiated, could scarcely repress our exclamations, when Sophy, with the curious instinct of touching a sore place which some people have, told him that he looked exactly " a3 if he had seen a ghost." His experience had-been precisely Bimilar to ours. After that wo heard no more from him —about the pity it was to leave a place that suited us so well, Ac., Ac. On the contrary before he loft ho told my fatHfcr and myself thaj; he thought us uncommonly plucky for Staying out the three months, though at tho samo time he confessed to feeling completely nonplussed. "I have lived near Finster St. Mabyn's all my life," he said, "and my people before mo, and ncrrr, do I honestly assure you, have I heard ono breath of the old place being haunted. And in a shut-up neighbourhood like this such a thing would have leaked out." We shook our heads, but what could wo 