NEWS OF THE WORLD. Among the treasures of the world ia a • pwirl valued at £20,000. A Mr, Guroey used a steam carriage in Begent's Park in 1827. The Egyptian budget shows a surplus of one million pounds. The English Waterloo Cup has been won by Fabulou's Fortune. First dog, -£500; second, £200. Wolf hill was second. The oldest watches bearing inscribed OHT.'S ar« of Swiss make, and the date is X48-J-. Mr. Kingston left Adelaide on Thursday for Sydney to attend tho conference of Premiers. The strike of the Berlin tailors has ended. An increase of 12 per cunt in wages is to be made. Sir John Millais has been appointed pre sident of the Hoyal Academy in succession to the late Lord Leighton. In one of the astronomical lectures Pro fessor Proctor once said that 300,000 worlds the size of our earth could be stowed inside the sun. After the Franco-German war it was calculated that the proportion of killed to the bullets spent in endeavoring to kill them was as 1 to 1,300. W alter Johnson, the subject of a hypno tic trancp, at the Westminster Aquarium, has completed a sleep lasting thirty days. Where is Kennedy's eight- day man now ? A sad drowning fatality happened at Stawell, Victoria. A number of young girls boarded a- raft on the Wimmera ou Sunday ! night and it capsized. One of the number, , Miss Gilbert, aged 17, was drowned. A metal worker's magazine says that platinum wire have been drawn so fin© that two of them twisted together could be inserted in the hollow of a human hair. An enormous rabbit was caught on Heus leigh Park recently, the bunny weichin^ 4lh. 13oz. b " A toad was discovered at Gateshead embedded in a bank of rock and clay at a depth of 8ft. After a few days the toad dime to life and motion, and now hops about. Its mouth seems to be quite closed from want of use. Asbestos towels are among; the curiosities of the day. Wiier dirty it is only necessary to throw ihizu into a red-hot fire, aad after a few minutes draw them out fresh and clean. Robinson Crusoe's musket is offered for sale in a collection of curiosities in Edin burgh, that include 120 instruments of torture, chiefly Spanish, and relics of (Justavus Adolphus of Sweden. Fourpence a head is the price given in England for bumble bees tor exportation to Isew- Zealand, where they arts used for fertilising red clover. A terrible explosion ©£ dynamite at Johannesburg-, Souih Africa. Hundreds of bouses blown down. Bight railway trucks loaded with the explosives -were blown to pieces. Two hundred persons injured, and over fifty killed. Mr. Matthew Burnett, the temperance lecturer and evangelist, who died recently, has, it is reported, left his wife and family in " painfully straitened circumstances." A Sydney telegram saysJames Lutt, a little fellow of 3, was playing- near a boiler which his mother was using to boil clothes in, when he fell into the hoiliuo water and was scalded so badly, that he expired in agony in a few hours. Only three times since whist has been played is it chronicled that the four plavers have, held thirteen cards of the four suits, and recorders say that the odds are 1,000,000,000,000 against 1 such a thinn ! occurring a<rain. " ; Another silly jokist has been qualifying himself for admission to the Yarra Bend Asylum for life by acting the ghost at Koch eater. He has been very successful so far, having- frightened an old woman to the verge, of her grave. Brfjv. John M'Neil, the well-ltnown evann-e ' . list, is electrifying Warnambool audiences. ' i The title of one of his lectures is strikingly comprehensive—" Long odds against bet ■ j ting and gambling; from pitch and toss to J suicide." " j SAILING IX STORMY WEATHER. 1 Xs very different from sailing ou summer ; I seas. For sea-sickness it would be well to have on hand a stock of Wolfe's Schnapps. : I Rose Kemp, a Sydney barmaid, attempted * I ^'Cl?e b? -i big dose of cocaine. • | The hospital doctors got her out of danger. * Pie.,f0?ian, ^as Sieving over her bus \- band s death. 1 14 is announced that the tenders received 1 for the South Australian Government ; ^g74^nijd loan 0f £83!>.°00 averaged • . Mr. .Tames Hague, M.P., was dviving to I • 5, Sunday-school picnic on Wednesday, February 12. The horse stumbled and Mr. ' I ¥?SUe was thrown oat ot thri bu.vry. \- 1 iirough his foot catching in the break" he ! v'.is dragged some distance, and had three ribs fractured besides minor injuries. A young man, Eii.dmrd Edgelaud, was drowned in the Murray on February 7 wm!e under the influence of drink. "lit, tried to get from a barge into a din'ry an,i sJjpj3f»c? into the riv^r. ^ A child at Wellington, New South Wales handled from the effects of eating and swallowing the seeds aad skins. in old man, j homas Miiier, has died at Coona barahau from eating a large quantity of j grapes. J A severe dus tstorm passed over Adelaide and suburbs on Saturday. Considerable damage was done to shops, houses, churches, fences, gardens, &c.;, and a tram car was blown over. A daring robbery committed at Perth, W.A., one night. A gang of thieves entered the Police Court temporary build ing at the Shearer Memorial Hull, being used during the erection of the new court buildings, and removed a safe. They opened the safe and extracted about £lo in cash and a Masonic jewel. A tablet made of Kile mud, recently found in the British Musuem, contains in cuneiform characters the marriage pro posals of Pharaoh for the hand of the daughter of the King of Babylon. It was written about 3,500 years ago. Captain Luther D. Burnett, a nautical man. tells of whistling eel which he came upon in Meeox Bay, N.J.. recently. This eel was " fifteen feet long and as large as a nail beg." Very like a whale On the journey across the Atlantic the passengers of one of the great liners con sume, it is said, 8,000 pounds of mutton, 24.000 pounds of beef, 16,000 to 20,000 eggs, and eighteen tons of potatoes. Four horses in a hawker's van, contain ing a boy, calves, pigs, eggs, butter, honey, j &c.;, bolted down a hill on the Aldinga road and capsized the vehicle, which overturned twice. The boy received a nasty wound on the head, the van was smashed up, and one of the horses fatally injured. A man in Chicago has beeu sentenced to four months' imprisonment for killing a dog and eating it, in order, as he said, to keep from starving. A cunning Yankee has painted an edition of the Biblo with/pictures of black angels ! The price of the book is 6s., and it has had a tremendous sale amongst the niggers of the Southern States. They pay for it 32s. —10s. down on delivery, and the balance in weekly instalments. Some idea of the terrific force with which a bird passes through the air may be gained from the fact that a short time ago a com mon curlew flew right through a piece of plate glass a quarter of an inch thick at Turnburry Lighthouse, Ayrshire. Byan, an employe on Beleeble station, discovered that a quantity of phosphorus contained in tins and stored in a part of the building had ignited. As the danger was great, Ryan volunteered to go in and throw the tins out. He was doing this when on© of the tins burst, and the burning liquid was spilled over his arm, from the fingers to the shoulders. I was impossible to subr due the flames (upon which water had no effect), and they had to be left to burn themselves out, Eyan remained all the time conscious and in unspeakable tor ture. The world's largest suspension bridges are small beside the mammoth bridge which is now being constructed over the Hudson river. It has a deal span of 3,200 feet, with 16 cables to carry the wheel-way. Each cable has a diameter of 21£ inches, has a breaking strength of 38,440 tons, and is composed of 6,000 stands of steel wire. The t wo masses of masonry to which the united ends of these cables will be attached will have a dead weight exceeding that of the Great Pyramid of Gizeh, while the towers will be the highest masonry towers; in the world. The Duke of Alba is making his American acquaintances another visit. He has such a long name that it is said he cannot remember it all himself. His first name is Don Carlos Maria Stuart Fitzjames Por tocarreroy Palafo. Then he is also duke of Berwick, duke of Alba de Tormes, duke of Liria, duke of Olivares, duke of Penaranda, duke of Huescar, in addition to which he is nine times a grandee of the first-class of Spain, twelve times a marquis and fourteen times a count. His intimate friends call him Carlitos. He is a nephew of the ex Empress Eugenie. It is usual in the City of New York to erect two gae lamps in front of a mayor's residence as soon as he is installed in office and to keep them lighted at night during the life of the mayor. The custom is a very ancient one. and dates back to the time when the city was little mom than a village and the mayor was a magistrate. The two lamps indicated where he could be found at night by all who had no other means of knowing his residence. There are at present 15 mayoralty residences gar nished with these tokens of office. A shocking diowning accident occurred n<ar Euston, N.S.W. Three sisters named Daley were bathing off a sandbank in the Murray, and got into deep water. Being unable to swim they were drowned in a few minutes. Their companions narrowly escaped the same fate. Intelligence has been received of a terri ble conflagration, attended with great loss ot life, which has occurred at the city of Tro.v, in the State of New York. The fire occurred in a factory in which over 300 women were employed, and the scene wnen uufortunate inmates of the burning build ing endeavored to escape from the flames is described as heartrending. Despite the efforts made to secure their safety 30 of the women were killed, but. upwards of 270 escaped, mostly by the aid of ladders, while many of them leaped from (he fifth story, and were more or less seriously injured. The Church News for February 14 con tains the following letter from the Eight Hev. Bishop Banner"In answer to | several enquiries made to uie, 1 beg to iuform the clergy that copies of the. author ised form of prayer for the Governor and Parliument can be obtained from the Church Office on application. I sincerely hope that the prayer wiil be used through out the diccese, and would suggest that the form he posted in th.* copies of the prayer hook used by the officiating minister at future worship in churches and mission, rooms. The. proper place for the prayer is between the prayer for the Koyal Family aud the prayer for the Clergy and People. The suffrage for Parliament should be used only during the session of Parliament." It is rough on the Governor to place him on the same spiritual footing as the Parlia ment, and what 13 to become of the Gover nor during the recess of Parliament? Doesn't ha need praying tor then? And don't uiembers of Parliament ? Sbws by the Tave has often been util ised by a bold speculator for the speedy accumulation of a vast fortune. Know ledge is power in every avenue of life when properly wielded. The proprietor of Holla- i way's Pilis and Ointment is fully alive in this tact, and knowing their value as a cure for all diseases, he has made their merits known in all paits af the world. Com mercial men who, to keep pace with the times, ha ve always lo ivciir at high pres sure should never he without a supply of these valuable medicinss. They purify the. blood, strengthen the stomach, quicken the circulation and invigorate the system. For nervous or neuralgic headaches in remedy has been found to mateh them on excellence. Thunderstorms at Broken Hill. Washa \l-;:.ys -m file railway line. V large fire at Deniliquin, New South Wali.-s. The fire brigade refused to ) urn out because they had not been paid, and considerable p- :perty was burnt that might have been «sveu. B. H. Laker, unvu clerk of Tort Adelaide, has been sent-nced to tv.o years and six < months imprisonment. 