A CHRIST II as; meditation. ' Christmas becomes everyone's day. Childhood can have no monopoly of it, though His child life inspires it. Christians are not its sole possessors while thoy are its only true interpreters. Youth cannot claim tho whole of it even whilo its exuber ance gives it its chief natural emphasis. There are currents beneath tho surface motion into which tho plummet meditation must phmge, to note their existence and determine their direction. ' To tho old it is a day of reminiscence, of com parison, of the resurrection of loves and joys buried under tlieslowly thickening mould of the years. To them and to the middle aged it brings surprief in the marks of change in mind, body, custom and 5 place. Even as I ' write these words memory resurrects a toyless morning, an undecorated church, a conscientious secularizing of the day by a stern but holy Puritan, who yielded to the Advent gonialty only in a more bountiful provision for the table. Faces ' that wo liavo loved and lost awhile * reappear in tho magic photognvphs of undying affection. Voices of sweetness and strength mado vibrant by my sorrows and my unsubdued longings, whisper and cry to me from tlie summoned past. Ideals once dominant, now but tho sad-faced ghosts of failure, float up to measure their littleness, and, alas ! it may bo their stalwartness, by present attainment. Nothing, perhaps, so much marks the changes as the strength of the events now needed to awaken tho exhilaration or surprise. It is pathetic to see how little it takes to startle the youth or the maid into ecstacy, how much less the boy and girl. ' But it is just hero that the Christ Child docs ono of his noblest works in becoming 'tlio bond of ? sympathy between tho yonng and the mature, Mothers taught by tho Virgin 'mother ponder these things in their hearts more than men. That He who was the Word and therefore the expression of the divine thought of mercy and redemption, humbled himself to our low estate, smiled from hie wide-open eyes upon the gifts of the wise Mon and on thoso who brought them ; theso are tho tender . yet mighty guarantees of the value of childhood in Christian homes. As lovo watches the unfolding of mind and heart, youth takes on dignity by the questions He asked ,tlie doctors of the temple, and young manhood has an added grace through the record of his toiling' With J oscpli aud his emergencies aud triumph through the attest of the Heavenly Dove. Tlie young in our homes do not know the doptli and interest and tho purity of affection with which thoy are enriched, because He was born. Through love's joys and pains they must come to this knowledgo, and its refining discipline can never reach tliem until tho lower lovo has taken on, spiritual illumination and beauty through his transforming touch.' — Bishop D. Goodsell. 