MRS. TREGASKISS. BY MRS. CAMPBELL' PRAED. (ALL, RIGHTS RESERVED.) a CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) "It's beastly cheek," Tregaaklss went on. "I was very much annoyed at his way of speaking to xne just now. Seemed to Imply that I had been, to blame. Does be suppose I am going to stand still and have my pro- perty destroyed without stirring a band to prevent It?" Tregaskiss fumed on. In a calmer mood it might have been evident to her that his dissatisfaction had its rise partly in Jea lousy, partly in self-reproach. She stood still, silent, a rush of conflicting emotions torturing her. She was inwardly shame- stricken, indignant, choked with a passion ate aversion from her husband, all the keener because the accusation had not been unfounded, and she was unable to stand forth and contemptuously repudiate it. For it was true that Geneste had told her he loved her. But that he "had made love to her!" No; that he had not done — would never do. She felt outraged — her holy of holies had been desecrated. An abominable construction had been put upon what to her was sacred. This, in other and minor matters, had always been the case when her finest self had come into contact with Tregasltlss's coarser person ality. Now the feeling gained a new acute- ness from the sanctity of the emotion upon which he was trampling. She said at last, in a studiously quiet voice, "If you want to know whether I have been ill or not, you have only to ask Mrs. Ramm— Dr. Geneste rode all the way and back to their camp one night to fetch her. It is his care which has probably saved me from a bad time. You will remember that when he came over I was alone, except for the Chinamen and Claribel and Gusta. Not even Mr. Shand was here. That was why he stayed. As to — the other part, I have nothing to say. I think you must have ex aggerated Mr. Cusack's chaff, which could not have been meant as you put it. I be lieve Dr. Geneste means to go back to Darra to-morrow. Please, Keith, for your own sake as well as mine, do not be rude to him, for he has done us both a great kindness, and I am sure you would be sorry afterwards If you offended him." She walked past Tregaskiss into her own room without waiting for him to reply. Then she became terrified lest he should follow her, but he did not come. Some thing down below attracted his attention, and he yelled out a reprimand to one of the black boys, and presently went noisily down the stairs. By-and-bye she heard him in the back verandah asking Geneste quite gcod-humoredly to come in and have a nip before dinner. His anger bad been only bluster, and she need not have alarmed herself. Tregaskiss, like most bullies, was a moral coward. King came in fresh from her bath to hatve her white frock and red sash fastened. She exhibited a new doll which daddy had brought her from Uganda, and which she told her mother Miss Lawford had dressed for her. The last piece of Information gave Clare a clue as to Tregasklss's delayed re turn, and she understood that he had been finding an excuse for himself by blaming her. She felt too contemptuous to be greatly annoyed. From Tregaskiss's reports to her of earlier conversations with the little go verness, she knew that Miss Lawford per mitted a freedom of flirtation which ap pealed to her husband's temperament 'and desire for variety. It had never occu rred to her that Miss Lawford's Influence could prove dangerous to her own. She dressed for dinner, holding back the hysterical sobs which rose in her throat, and mentally flying from the vague terror with which the situation impressed her. And yet all through her dressing her noind was pervaded by the thought that Gene; he's eyes would meet hers for the first l:ime since he had told her that he loved her, and that for the first time, too, in her life she must play a part abhorrent to her na ture — that of a wife with a secret love for another man to conceal. Geneste pitied her intensely when' she- ap peared and took her place before the tea tray. He saw how pale she was and with what an effort she kept her composure. He avoided looking at her or addressing her too directly, but vigorously sustained con versation with Tregaskiss and Shand, ask ing. about the late sale to the butchers, particulars of the strike, the doings of the Pastoralist Committee, and the arrival of the "specials" from Port Victoria. There appeared to be a good deal of talk and pre paration on both sides, with little to sihow for it in the way of cause or result. The strikers were reported to have collected in a body for the destruction of various sta tions and for summary vengeance upon .the free laborers, but as yet, beyond trying to Are two woolsheds and the slaughter of Tregasklss's horse, had done no definite mischief. "They are afraid to tackle Brlnda Pitting jnst yet," said TTegaskiss, "for old Cusack is In such a blue funk that he has a s Porce of police round the place, and roalwis all his men sleep on the verandah, Teady, with their flrearms. You should hear Miss . Law- ford's account. It's rich, I can tell you." "Miss Lawford Is staying with the Ococks, I hear," said Geneste. "Oh, I see, you know all the Brlnda Plains gossip," cried Tregaskiss, boisiter- ously. "The fair Helen, I suppose, keeps you well posted. By Jove, you itnow, she-Hi be thinking hereelf neglected for Mrs.: Tre gaskiss if you don't take care." Clare's face was stony, and Geneste .took no notice of the insinuation, but pointedly turned the conversation to general topics. Tregaskiss's geniality had a touch of the malignant. Geneste also noticed the change in his manner, and attributed it to the deepening effect of Miss Lawford's society. Tregaskiss was one of those imen who cannot in any circumstances resist talking of the women they admire. He repeated more than once of Miss Lawford's sallies, proclaiming that she was splendid company, and that the Land Commissioner was tremendously gone upon her, but hadn't the ghost of a chance, for M'imi Lawford liked a man who was a man, And had so.me "go" In him; gbo wasn't one of your die away women, always giving them selves aCrs of superiority. There was a certain aggressiveness in his tone, aaid as bo spoke be glanced at his wife. It was the "two can play at that game" air of a schoolboy, who is first to prevent himself from being taken ven geance upon. Tregasklss's methods were all of the elementary kind. They sat out in the verandah afterwards, but Clare gave herself no opportunity for a word apart with Geneste, nor did he appear to seek any. The baby cried, and she went to ber room and sat with it on her lap, con scientiously hushing it and guarding it from the mosquitoes till it slept again, all the time with a bitterness and revolt in her heart, and yet a remorseful tender ness for the small, helpless thing which was bone of her bone, and which she could not cast from ber, living symbol though it wa3 of a bondage she loathed. When she went back the night had grown still and muggy, the clouds had blacken ed, and tliero were flashes of sheet light ning gleaming at intervals In the west. "It means nothing," Gemesto was say ing as she approached. "These storms which don't como off arc a bad Bign." "Wo shall have to begin watering the cattle if1 it goes on," said Tregaskiss, "and that means extra hands and no end of ex pense and' worry." "They're dying fast out Brlgalow Camp way," put Jn Shand. "Another drought like last year will ruin the district." "And the .squatters into the bargain," growled Tregaskiss. "Well, anyhow." said Geneste, "you arc luckier than I am, Tregaskiss, for you have got one bore at least to fall back upon." How could he taflk so quietly when for her the very air \vas full of stress and thrill, and when her heart was breaking under tho strain of the position? And yet she admired hinr for his calmness, which she assured bersielf must como from tho very loftiness of his motive. He meant only her good, and desired nothing but the right to help her as uuselllshiy as ho could. Surely she herself must be a creature of evil thoughts and' wishes to be so weighed down and tossed and tor mented. "Mrs. Tregaskiss," Gendste Bald, turning to her, "you should remember yon are only an Invalid yot, and ought not to sit up late. I shall have to say goodbye when I bid you good-night, for I am start ing home very early to-morrow morn ing." "Good-night, then, and good-bye," she said, holding out her hand. He took it, and all that night his tonch seemed to linger with her like a living thing. "Good-night. I am very much' obliged to- you for having had me for so long, and I shall leave, feeling a good deal more comfortable about you than when I came. I tHink you are pretty safe now from bad days. Clare answered with a commonplace. "He had been very kind. She hoped that he would not find station work had been neglected during his absence." "Oh, no; I've got a very good stock man. Tregaskiss, you won't forget that you aro to bring Mrs. Tregaskiss over the first opportunity to see my diggings. It would he capital if we could manage the expedition to Eungella. at the same time:" Tregaskiss agreed. He didn't see why they shouldn't do it before the worst heat had come on; and they might get Helen Cusack and Miss Lawford to join, as Weill as Gillespie and Blanchard and the lot oif them. "Can I get you a lamp, or candle, or anything?" Geneste asked, formally, as; Clare was turning to her part of the house... "No, thank you; I have a lamp in my; room," she answered, and so they parted..- The night was ghastly, the storm ending; In wind and dust, with low grumblings' of thunder and faint flashes of lightning. ', Clare lay awake, every nerve strained, > waiting for her husband's entrance. "When he came at last she pretended to be asleep, but she could hear him heavily fumbling with his clothes and boots as he undressed, and she stealthily crept to the very edge of the bed, holding herself quite still till he should be asleep, so that she might get up and go out to the hammock in the verandah. She did this many nights. (To he continued.) 