The importance of the subject obviates the necessity for any apology for a^ua dealing with tho proposed Redistribn - tion of Seats BD1, which will be one of the first measures dealt with during the cornice: session. The eabiect has already attracted a considerable amount of attention, bat the electors generally do sot appear to be greatly interested, or, at least, have op to the present refrained from any empbauc expression of opinion. So far se we can learn, tbe trend of public opinion in Hobart and Launceston ie in favor of throwing each city into one electo rate in preference to the alternative of dividing them respectively into seven and five single seatB. There is aleo an apparent objection to increasing the number of representatives at the present juncture, the argument being that if Federation ia to become an accomplished fact in the near future the tendency should be to reduce j the coBt of the State government, and consequently the number of members in the local Parliament. As in most matters, there are two tides to this atgument. If Federation in the immediate future were a certainty, and upon the basis generally accepted by those who have taken up the matter, there can be no doubt that the work ot the State Parliaments would be enor mously circumscribed. For example, it is proposed to hand over to (he Federal Government the whole of the defences, the railway system, the Castoms, tbe post aod telegraph ser vice — all these are to be removed frcm the control of the local Government, and consequently will not be within the jurisdiction of the State Parlia ments. Those who have taken the trouble to make themselves acqnainted with the duties hitherto of State go* vernment will recognise how very large a proportion of such duties are con nected with the Bervioes which it is pro posed to withdraw from the local Par liaments and to ve&t; in the Federal Government.ilndecd, if the vast powers which eome advocates of Federation declare are to be handed over to the central authorities are bo vested, tbe local requirements of the States in the form of roads, bridgeB, and jetties, and the control, so far as Parliament can legitimately inter/ere, of the various local bodies will really be the chief jurisdiction of the State Parliament?, which will in turn be reduced to something very akin to a central municipal body. If this is to be the result of Federation, and if Federation is within measurable distance, there is admittedly force in the argnmentB against any present ; extension of the State Parliaments. Granted all tbis, however, tbe neces- , sity will still remain for an amendment of tbe Electoral Act. As , we have1 [previously shown, tbe electorate of Montaga, whioh contains by far tbe greatest number of electors of any dis trict in tbe colony, was created for three years, and that time espireB on December SI next. Unless, therefore, special legislation be introduced during tne coming session to deal with this subject the Montagu seat will be come aboliehed,'and tbe mining centres of tbe West Coast will once 'more be merged into the agricultural and pasto ralelectorateof Cumberland. This would be tbe very acmeof absurdity, and would re&ult; in eitber the agriculturists of Cumberland or the miners of Montagu being practically unrepresented. This being so the necessity for immediate legislative enactment on the subject iB cb/ioue, and it is equally certain that ad vantage will be taken of this measure to attempt to bring about an alteration in tbe .present double- barreled elec torates. Even if there is to be no in crease in the number of representatives the question iB of great importance to tbe electorates proposed to be thus dealt with, especially when it iB re membered that if Hobart and Lann ceBton are each to be converted into | one electorate the alteration will be accompanied by tbe introduction of the Hare system of election. It will be well, therefore, for members and plent.nra to fnvn the nnbifict earnest consideration, for assuredly Parliament will be called upon to deal with it at an early stage in the coming session. There is another aspeot of the question — Is it advisable to allow prospective Federation to influence immediate State politics ? Judging by tbe lack of interest taken in the meetings being held in Southern Queensland by 1 tbe delegates sent there on be half of the Yiotorian Federation League, it is quite possible that tbe Federal Enabling Bill will not, after all, pass the Queensland Parliament during the present political year, especially as the Premier and his col leagaes are by no means warm o& tne subject. The Premier of New South Wales has in effect declared that he is not prepared to move without Queens laud, and, as the other colonies are waiting for the mother country to take the initiative, it is just possible that the Federal Convention may be post i poned for yet another year.' All these matters should be considered when the Redistribution of Seats Bill is being discussed by Parliament, and it is not at all unlikelv that the Tasmanian Parliament will decide to arrange its own State government without refer ence to Federation, and there are maoy who will be of opinion that tbis would be the proper and prudent course. The currency question bas for many years proved a decidedly troublesome problem in the United States, and of recent years it has developed systems of actual danger to the Government. For Bome time there has been an attempt -to secure an alliance between the free silver party and tbe pro tectionists, and there was a strong chance of the Western and Eastern States being thUB brought together in unison on these two large questions of policy. Recently a conference was held at Washington between a number of members of the Manufacturing ClohB of the Eastern StateB and free coinage Senators from the Silver States, and the conference practically formed a political alliance. Some of the Manu facturing Clubs have, however, re pudiated the agreement made at tbe conference, and a special meeting of the Manufacturing Club of Phila delphia called a special meeting to disclaim responsibility for the action of members who took part in the conference. At the special meeting the following resolutions were carried : — ' That the Manufacturer*1 Club, speaking for its members, emphatically denounces &s; false the statement made by the friends of free diver and echoed by those of free trade, that our Phila delphia manufacturers are willing to barter with the silver Senator* for the free coinage of silver in exchange for additional protection.' '* That the question of bi-metallism can be perma nently settled only through an inter national agreement, and that the Manufacturers' Club declares its un alterable opposition to the free coinage of silver by the United States alone, firmly believing that such a policy would result in disaster at home and dishonor abroad, and would only operate to place this country npon the basis of silver mono-met lllism.' The result bas been tbe formation of what has been named ' The American Party,' the platform of which is bi metallism and protection. The majority of the Press in tbe United States, how ever, appears to recognise the hopeless ness of America attempting tbe restora tion of silver currency without the co-operation of Great Britain in par ticular, and Europe generally; but the Western * States are becoming daily more pronounced on the subject. To them free silver coinage, or, at least, bi-metallism, is tbe Alpha and Omega of politics, and eome of tbe Silver State Senators have openly declared that ? secession from a gold standard union 1 will be the only safety of the Silver States. This is, of course, mere bom- 1 bast, but it shows the extent of the feeling in tbe Western States on the ! currency question. BuPBEHEOOTTBT.-ThefollowingcauBeewlll ' be heard at tbb Supreme Court to-day before tbe Chief Justice (8ir Lambert Dobson), who arrived in town jesterda* : — MttcheJl I and another v. M'Qregor, £6500, brcach of j contract ; Douglas and Collins for plaintiffs, i D^Beon, Mitchell, and Allport for defendant. 1 M'Cotikey v. Atkinson, £100, money : able ; Clarke and Croft for plaintiff, T. J Crisp for defendant. You&ghuabaod; and j another v. M'Kenna and anotht-r, money payable, £120 j Law and Weston for plain. T, J* Crisp for defendant*. Tbe English Mails. — The Engliih mails which lefCvTasmanUioo May 11 per, B.MJ3. Oroj a arrived Lonaon on June 18, ? hating been 884Aay*ln transit. The Weather. — 'Reports from the conutry district* ahow that the weather continaea very unsettled. In Launceston yesterday there were -gradations - t-f genial autumn sunshine, dull, leaden skies* and a little rain, with * tendenoy towards fog in the evening. At 9*80 a.m. Fingal reported : — 41 River alowly falling j weather -fine at S resent, though dulL1' Avoea at the same our notified ' 'Booth Eik fining slightly { weather unsettled and at 4 p.m.— ^ ^Bouth Eak has lis en again elightiy 6elnce this morning ; now rising very' slowly s weather ?till unsettled.** Mss Jaheb Andebsos's Congest.— The Mechanics' Institute was well filled last night on the occasion of Mrs James Ander aonfe annual ' paplls' concert,' a well selected programme providing a pleasant musical entertainment. Moat ot tne items were rendered by tbe pupils, who reflected great credit on their tuition, eome showing considerable promise. Mrs Anderson herself was in good voice, and her ringing In the daet ' O Maritana' with Mr E. Button wbb sreatly cniojed, as later her Tendering of 11 Scenes that are brightest,' which was given u response to -load -recalls after 1 sloging Eoben'e ' Ob, promise me. ' Among the outside frienda who assisted wore 1 Mr B. Webber, whoso olevcr cornet playing - moved the audience to enthusiasm, as did also Mr Purnell's pianoforte contributions, and a selection by too GaTriaon Band. The programme opened with a pianoforte duet, 'Bans Bond,' effectively played by Misces B. Old log and E. Beanmount, after which Mlas N. O'Byme, who baa a voice of considerable power, sang, *' Why matt we say good-bye?' winning ? applause* Tbe ' Woad-Njmph'a call' was pleasantly Bung by Miss Bose Olding, and ttfss Ella Side bottom received an encore for her song, 41 Ever since then.' Miss L. Tocker has a very strong oontralto voice, bat ber render ing of tbe 11 Lost chord,' was marred by somewhat peculiar pronunciation ot her words. Mn.G. Coombs gave 'When the heart is young,' in finished style, and ap* glause was freely aooorded also to Hiss Amy ryan and Miss Florrie Crack, both pro* I mislng vocalists, I New Uniforms.— Yesterday afternoon ' the Launoefitoa Mnaicipai police were marshalled In the courtyard to exhibit their I brand new janlforms to the inspection of the | Mayor and Aldermen Panton, Ferrall, Btorrer, and Badler, most of whom critloally examined the clothine, the eeneral verdict being that Mr W. L. Jack, the contractor, had done his work most creditably, a few trifling alterations in individual casea being all that w&a; necessary. Tbe uniforms srs identioal, or very nearly so, with those of the London police, and worthy the ' smut est force la tbe island.' Dae attention lias been paid to fit and physique. The &BAHHAB; School Jubilee —An extract from tbe Cornwall Chronicle at 60 years ago .oonveys the information that it waa on Jane 16, 1846, the Chnrcb of Eng land Orammar School was opened under the head mastership of Mr B. P. Ea&e; (who was appointed by the Bishop of Tasmania), in temporary premises situated in Upper George -street, near Bt. John's Church. The original trustees were Messrs. W. 0. Bams, J.P.. James Eenty, H. Priaulx, D.A.O.G., J. A. Eddie, ft. De Little, W. Henty, J. Atkin son, J.P., O. Barnard, B. Dry, M. Kennedy, W, Pugh. M.D., J.P., James Baven, W.H. Breton, J.P* The Woman's Franchise Petition.— The Woman's Christian Temperance Union (writes oar BesoonBflcld correspondent) is sending round a petition for Isignatcre, the purport of which is to urge Parliament to support the womana fr*nchise. Numbers who are signing are in perfect ignorance of the contents of the petition, as, if my in formation is correct, the petition itself is not taken round, but a paper with a lot of names on it is carried round by a child ? some 12 years old, and people are asked to sign it, which many do without giving a thought to the great question at issue. Is Typhoid Pbeventible?— Typhoid is a disease of bacilli, typhoid bacilli ; and the bacilli we find in human excrement, and in drinking water fouled by such excrement. It is probable that no man or woman ever takes typhoid txocpt by swallowing some typhoid bacillL They may be swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water,or they may be flying about in the air In the neighbor* hood of typhoid cxcrement, 'and may be swallowed with monthfuls of air. What, then, Is the first and last commandment of typhoid prevention f ' Cleanliness ; perao&a;) and Dublic cleanliness.' It Is all there. If we keep ourselves clean j if we keep onr drinking Water clean ; if we lceep our closets and onr drains, our kitchens, Bculleries, gardens, streets, aod towns entirely clean, typhoid will be practically as grrot a rfrasger to most of as as la the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of the extinct. Delnotherium. BAILWAY Bacing.— Considerable interest is being manifested by engineers and the travelling public in the new engines now being produced by the North*Eastern Rail way, England, for the competition with the West Coast route. A body of engineers and draughtsmen inspected five new engines at tbe locomotive worka of the company at I Gateshead-on-Tyne, where tbey have been I built by Mr Wilson Wors4cll. The cylinder* | are 20in in diameter, and have a stroke of 26in. The coupled wheels, four in number, are 7ft 7Jin in diameter and 9ft 6in apart. The front part of the engine is carried on a ! fnnr.wheelpH hmrfe. Tho linller i« 4ft Mn in I diameter and over lift long. Tbe fire-box is 7ft long. Thecsntre of the boiler from tbe rail is over 8ft. The engine weighs 60 tons, and the tender 40 tons. Mr Woredell made a trial trip to Berwick, and bad no difficulty In maintaining a speed of 70 miles per hoar. Bilk Made fbom Wood Pulp.— There will ahortly be started in Lancashire (7*Ae Timet aays) a new industry of a character so novel that the mention of it may appear to be suggestive of an abaurdity rather than of sober truth. It will be one for nothing leas than the manufaotnre of silk out of wood pulp. Quixotic sa the idea seeme, it has already been established that silk, or, rather, artificial silk, can be so made ; that it can be used for the many purposes for which natural a Uk is need, and others be* sides j that it is especially suitable for working up with natural silk, ootton, or wool for dreaa materials, ribands, trimmLogti church decorations, vestments, etc. ; that tbe artificial silk.^an scarcely be distin guished from that for which we have hitherto depended on the silkworm ; and that it can be sold at prices very much lower, and atill leave a substantial profit. Devon*obt.— Mr T. &, Pbootkb, Oculist Optician, of Melbourne, is now visiting Devonport for a few days only. Sights Us ted on the moat approved scientific principle, and spectacles specially ground to meet every clars of optical defect. Address Clayton's Commercial Hotel, West Devon- { port. Will visit Latrobe on Monday next, at Lucas' Hotel ; Deloralne and Lorgford later oo.* .. Utility of the ^oliam Babp. — The JSolian h&Tp; has been put to a Ecleutifie ose. Professor Carl Baros b&a; shows that tbe sound made by the wind whistling across a fine wire varied with the velodty of the wind. He showed that the velocity of the wind could be computed from. the pitch of the note observed in tho case of a given 1 dif meter of wire and for a given tempera- , ture ot the air. With the aid of special 1 microphonic attachments, the sounds could be conveyed through a distance so as to be isolated from the other noises at the place ot exposure. By the use of a number of wires the direction of tbe wind could be deter mined. The New Giavt — Giant WiUdns. who Is now number td among the many attractions at Olympla, is 22 years of age. He was born 1 at Br. Paul, Minnesota, U.S.A. He is 8ft 2in f in height, and weighs 8861b. He weighed ' lOJlb at birth, and did not grow until the fourth year. In his eighteenth year he had grown pretty nearly to bis preaent height. Bis parents were of normal hdght,asare his brothers and sister. Hie father iB 6ft 6(tn ; 1 bit mother 6ft 7i(n. He wears a 24 shoe j and a 14 glove. His ring on the Ablrd finger I will encircle a penny. He takes a 91 hat ] and a 2Uu oollar. According to German ! professors be is the only physically perfect giant ever known, his only blemish being a slightly misshapen face, th« result of an ac- - cident. Binoe bis arrival in Europe he has ! visited Paris, Berlin, Nice, and Monte Carlo. 1 At Vienna he was interviewed by the Emperor of Austria. He eats on an average i about three limes se mucb as an ordinary person. He is perftotly intelligent, and is a i skilled and enthusiastic amateur photo* j grapher. The finest jams in Tasmanian are W, D 1 Piaqookaot Co.'s. Fall weight tins.* Major 0. T. Picton Is manager if *be State Hotel, at Dcnlson, XeXafr/^v.- hloh'4h e travelling naen ^Say^s^oueEf tiffibeBtiiiftar In that sebHon.J ln- epeklrtng 'qf CnjjpfijOT^ Iain's Oollo, Cholera and Dlarrnbea Bemedy wyor jPiotoa says : 11 1 have asea^t myself anafh my family for several years, afad-4aks' pleasure ln aajingttiat 1 oonaider^^n in fallible cure for difetTboaa and dysentery. I' always rocotnmend it, and ^tavetcegaeiAly administered it to' my gaests in the hotel, and in every case it has proven 4taelf«wotthy of unqualified endorsement, For sale fay all dealers. — Hattov Asb' t/Aws, General Agents.* A Romance or the Stberts — a' ooriouaand oousnal sight was witnessed the other night in the West of London* Two gentlemen, one an American and the other a woU-known French tenor engaged sit the Paria Opera . House, paid a visit to the skating rink at Knlghtsbridge, met Some old acquaintances there, and spent a lively even* ing, parting with their friends soon attfr it ' pm», comfortably exhilarated and jownkj Walking along tbey came across a blindiflati' dolefully Singing a ballad to ihe Wo jmpanl* mentofaguifar. Immediately the French* man 'was eeiced with anldea. Going nn tp, I the blind man. and crlvioir him a. eoinViie' asked leave to try his guitar, and In a few momenta passers-by realised tnat «omebbAf i was handling an instrument ih& manner qdlte unexpected in the streets, Promptly a crowd gathered, and thea tho rich voice of the operatic singer bnrst forth oa the nigbt sir as he acoompanied himself on the guitar. Such melody in a London street praved irre* slstlble. Soon the entire thoroughfare was blocked, rich a&d; poor alike stopping, esger to hear the nnwonted music, wnlle rumors of all , sorts flew arotind the orowd as to the identity of the unknown singer whose tonea were thrilling hia audience. Meanwhile the blind man ataod'enranfr.nrwA. iMM fttltnir down his face as he listened. Ihe American, . needless to say, promptly grasped the business elde of the question, and went round the crowd with his hat, soliciting - donations 1 They came, too, thick and fast, in coins of all aorta and sizes. When at last the police felt Itincnmbent on tbem to take steps to avoid the increasing blook of -traffic, the philanthropic gentlemen turned over to the blind man the contents of the hat, which amounted to over £4, and, jumping into a hansom, drove off amid the cheers of the crowd. The wife of Mr D. Boblnson, a prominent lumberman of Hartwick, N.Y., was sick with rheumatism for five months. In speaking of it, Mr Bobinson says : 11 Chamberlain's Pain Balm is tbe only thing that gave her any rest from pain. For tbe relief of pain it cannot be beat.' Many very bad cases of rheumatism have been cured by it. For sale by all dealers,— .Hatton and LAWfi . General Agents.* . . Ilb NET, lib ibet. Delicious whole some W. T-. Tslqouk. akd Oo.'s new season's jams.* The annaal . meeting of the Launceston Horticultural Bociety will be held in the class-room at the Meohanlcfl' Institute to- nifbtatg. ' 'A welcome tea will 'be tendered to the I Bev. J. T. Pieroey, the lately elected pastor ! of the Memorial Church in the schoolroom i to-night. A public meeting will be held at ' 8, at which Mr tH.&eed; srill preside, and addresses will be given by ministers and friends, Abe for W. D. Peaoook and Co.'b new season's Jams : tins cotain 16ot net.* The annual meeting of the British and Foreign Bible Soolety will be held in the Council Chambers/ Evandale, to-night, at 7*80. A deputation from Launoeston will address the meeting. The second term of the University of Tas mania commences on Wednesday, June 17. . When most needed it is not unusual for jour family physician to be away from home. Such was the experience of Mr J. Y. Bchenck, editor of the Caddo, Ind. Ter, .SaAJiWjWhen bla little girl, two yean of age, was threatened with a severe attack of croup. He aays : 41 My wife insisted that I go for the dootor, bat as our ia rally physician was out of town 1 purchased a bottle of Chamber* Iain's Cough Bemedy, which relieved her immediately. I will not be without it in the future.' For sale by all dealers, — Hatton and Laws, General Agents.* 