THE LIFE OF CHRIST AS NAR- RATED IN THE OLD AND NEW TESTAMENT. BY THE REV. FE. O'MALLEY, S.J. HIS BIRTH.—{Continued) The Place. Micb. 5, 2. AND THOD, BETHLEHEM Ephrata art a little one among the thousands of Juda: out of thee shall He come forth onto me that is to be the Buler in Israel: and his going forth (is) from the beginning, from the days of eternity. [The Prophet, after declaring where the SECOND DIVINE PERSON is to assume His second nature, HiB Human Nature, points out that in His Divine Nature He is from eternity. "We must not imagine that the SON was engendered by the FATHEE at the beginning of eternity, and that this Divine generation ended infinite ages ago. Eternity had no beginning, and this generation has no end; it is, it goes on, for all eternity. To understand certain expressions of our SAVIOUB, it must be borne in mind that He sometimes speaks in one and sometimes in the other of His two natures. Thus, speaking in His Divine Nature, He says: I and the Father are one. (John 10, SO.) Bat speaking in His Human Nature, He says: The Father is greater than I. (Jo. 14, 28.) The accompanying figure will make quite clear what we have to believe about the Trinity and the Incarnation. The Father and the Holy FATHER SON HOLY GHOST Soul Body Ghost have only one nature, the Divine ; bat the SON has united with His Divine Nature a Human one, consisting, like oars, of Body and Soul, BO that in Christ there are:— One Person, the Second Divine Person, Two natures, the Divine and Human. Three things, the Divine Spirit, ex isting from all eternity, the Human Soul and the Human Body, both created about 2000 years ago, and in the very instant of their creation united to the Divine Nature. Mt. 2. When JESUS therefore was born in Bethlehem of Juda in the days of King Herod, behold, there came wise men from the East to Jerusalem, saying: Where is He that is born King of the Jews? For we have r$een[His star in the East, and are come to adore Him. And king Herod, hearing this, was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him. And assembling together all the chief PrieBts and the Scribes of the people, he inquired of them where Christ should be born. But they said to him in Bethlehem of Juda. For so it is written by the Prophet: "And thou Bethlehem, the land of Juda, art not the|least among the princes of Juda, for out of thee shall come forth the Captain that shall rule my people Israel." THE MAGI. The great commentator, Cornelias a Lapide, tells us that it is a common opinion among the Fathers of the Catholic Church—that is, among those men, celebrated for learning and sanctity, who have illustrated, by their writings, the Catholic Church and her doctrines so splendidly, as to merit the noble title of Fathers and Doctors—that the wise men of the East were the descendants or successors of a most impious false prophet, named Balaam: and that they were led to the manger of Bethlehem by a true prophecy, which God compelled him to make. God is supreme. He compels Balaam's ass to speak contrary to her natare; He compels Balaam to bless and to prophesy contrary to his wish; and He compels Caiphas to prophesy without being aware of it. I might save myself a good deal of trouble by referring my readers to the book of Numbers; but, surely, if I prefer to save them the trouble they will be all the more grateful to me. Besides, there are various difficulties which I shall explain as I go along. Numbers 22. And Balac, the son of Sephor, seeing all that Israel had done to the Amorrhite, and that the Moabites were in great fear of him, and were not able to sustain his assaalt, said to the elders of Madian: So will this people destroy all that dwell in our borders, as the ox is wont to eat the grass to the very roots. Now he was at that time king in Moab. He sent therefore messengers to Balaam, the son of Beor, a soothsayer . . . to call him, and to say": Behold a people is come oat of Egypt, that hath covered the face of the earth, sitting over against me. Come therefore and curse this people, because it is mightier than I: if by any means I may beat them and driv* them.out of my land c for I know that, he whom thou Bbtait bless is ''blessed, and he" whom thou -shalt curse V cursed..- [God \ might, pf courser, allow these; jp^eyapie t accomplices of the Devil to inflict sufferings, just as He permitted Satan to afflict the holy Job, and as He has permitted evil spirits to possess and torment men. The demons would naturally be ready to assist their dupes with temporal advantages, partly because they know the nothingness of every earthly good, and partly because of the greater facility they would thus acguire of doing evil. In the life of Fr. de' Nobili, a missionary in India, it is narrated that a catechumen, on the eve of his baptism, was addressed by an idol which he had sedulously worshipped. The evil spirit who, in the person of the idol, had received his adoration reminded him of the fidelity with which bis prayers had been answered, and of the benefits he had received, and begged that, if he were resolved to beoome a follower of Christ, he should at least offer the old god a farewell sacrifice. The request appeared to the Indian not unreasonable, and he actually asked Fr. de' Nobili if he might not comply with it! Of course, the father pointed out the criminality of the aofc, and the idol was destroyed. Nearly 30 years ago another missionary assured me that in the pagan villages the demons enable the magicians to do wonderful things, and tljftt;,in some villages the demons y^d** more ^powerful than in others.; i Soine anctfpo wers Balaam may hl^^aS'^aM I^acvfiiiy have believed tU^lhimt^yters: for Jgbojl or evil were unit, oj^^cse,' he was in error.] egts of Moab and the _________ l-went with the price of d$riu!5MBS913£ their hands. And when ttay *nt£r£Jc&be; to Balaam, and bad told him-all the words of Balac, he answered: Tarry here this night, and I will answer whatsoever the Lord shall say to me. [Of coarse, this wicked prophet intended to consalt his familiar spirit; but God himself heard his sacrilegious invocation and appeared to him. In a somewhat similar manner the Prophet Samuel un expectedly appeared to the pythoness con- salted by Saul.] And while they stayed with Balaam God came and said to him: . . . Thou shalt not go with them, nor shalt thou curse the people, because it is blessed. And he rose in the morning and said to the princes: Go into your country, because the Lord hath forbid me to come with you. The princes, returning, said to Balac: Balaam would not come with us. Then he sent mere, and more noble than he had sent before, who, when they were come to Balaam, said: Thus saith Balac, the son of Sephor: Delay not to come to me, for I am ready to honoar thee, and will give thee whatsoever thou wilt. Come and curse this people. Balaam answered: If Balac would give me hie house full of silver and gold, I cannot alter the word of the Lord my God, to speak either more or less. I pray you to stay here this night also that I may know what the Lord will answer me once more. God, therefore, came to Balaam in the night and said to him: If these men be come to call thee, arise and go with them; yet so that thou do what I shall command thee. Balaam arose in the morning and, saddling his ass, went with them. And God was angry. [Why did God first forbid him to go and then tell him to go? And why was He angry with him for doing what He had told him to do ? God at first contented Himself with frustrating the evil intention of Balac, but, on seeing his perseverance, determined to make his own perversity recoil upon himself and redound to the advantage of Israel. Balaam was still more gailty than Balao. If it was impious to consult his demon on the first occasion, much more was it to do so on the second. It was still more grievoas to go with the deliberate intention of doing what God had expressly forbidden him to do: and that this was his intention we shall presently learn from the Angel. But all along we find the same disregard of God's command, — the same persistence in endeavouring to violate it.] And an Angel of the Lord stood in the way against Balaam, who sat on the aes, and had two servants with him. The ass, seeing the Angel in the way with a drawn sword, turned herself out of the way, and went into the field. And when Baiaam beat her, and had a mind to bring her again into the way, the Angel stood in a narrow place between two walls, wherewith the vineyards were enclosed. The "Daily Chronicle's" Constantinople correspondent says—"A palace friend of mine reports that the Sultan has been drinking heavily for some days past, which is little calculated to improve his mental condition." •As A SAFE, PEBMASENT, AND WAERAOTED we can with confidence « » - T t is certainly the finest Iti01)ll Purifier tot srienca anil medicilBkUl have Bold ! ^ T ^ ^ S S TBeware ^ of i ^li.-^. i^utioiis mi substitute.- - 