THE NOVELIST. THE GOLDEN IDOL A STORY OF ADVENTOBE. BY X E. MtrpDOCE, Author of "Tike-Dead Man's Secret," "From the Bosoin-of the Deep," "Sfcormlight," "Maid Marian and Robim Hood," "Stories Weird and Wonderful," Ac.,- &c.; CHAPTER XL THE SOABfi. The young men were out o! their tTUnlca in an instant, and tumbling into their clothes in a space of tihio that beat tho record, they rushed into tho cuddy, and as they reached tho com pauion way .they saw the skipper hurrying up. He was bare!leaded and barefooted. Ho liad only lus trousers and shirt on, and his braces were dangling behind. On deck all was con fusion. Tho wind was piping merrily, and the brig was lying over to licr lee scuppers, while the sails were bellied out until tboy wore stiff and rigid as iron. "Now then, you lubbers in the foo'slc," roared the mate, "turnout." Scarcely had the words left his lips when there was a greatflflash of light on the woathor quarter, then the boom of a gun, and simulta neous with the boom a round sbot scrooched over tlic ship. " What's the matter? What's the matter?'1 demanded the captain of the mate. "There's a man of war, sir, 1 think, on tlio starboard quarter, firing at us." The skipper undorstood what" that meant. It was an order to lay to for some reason or other, " Now then, men, lay aft here," ho shouted hoarsely. " Let go your leo main and lee top sail braces. Now then, tail on there to wind ward. Haul the yards round. Work away with tjje slack. CIuo up the foretopsail. Lot go your fore weather sheet, koop your holin steady man. Make fast the weather braces. Take in the slack to leeward'" i Such woro tlio rapid orders that were issued ono aftor the other, and with most creditable { smartness the crew performed their duties, until tlio ship's way was stopped, and she was hove to. Then away to windward the black hull of a steamer could be discerned, and bo twoon hcrand tho brig a light was observed on the surface of tho water, rising and falling with the waves, and indicating that a boat was ( approaching. "Get a laddor over the sido," shouted tho skipper, and that being done, the crew | crowded along the weather rail watching the approach of the boat. i Ship, ahoy," came over tho faco of tho black witters. "What is it?" answered the captain. ! "What's tho name of your ship?" "The Break of Day." " Where from?" "Tlrisbano." The boat was now close to. She was pulled tinder tho stern of the brig, and then cleverly laid alongside to leeward, ftnd a line being thrown from the ship, she was made fast. A naval officer mounted tho ladder, woaring his sword. Ho was followed by two marines, who stood to arms as soon as they got on deck. Then six bluejackets came up, and drawing their cutlasses, ranged themselves beside tho marines. The officer approached and saluted the captain. "I am the second lieutenant of Her Majesty's gunboat Squirrel," ho said, " We have reason to believe that you have on board a man by tho name of l'oter Jackson, with a Jong string of aliasses, who is wanted for a scries of murdors committed in Queensland, New South Wales, and elsewhere. Soon aftor your departure we received instructions to overhaul you and search the ship." "That's all right," said the captain. "Search away." " Are all your hands on deck?" asked the officer. "Yes." " Get some lamps, please. And men, range vourselves in a row to windward." The lieutenant handed the captain a pho tograph, and told ono of tho men to hold a lantern so that the photograph could be examined. " That's a picture of the man. Captain. Do you recognise him?" said the lieutenant, " I do not," was the answer. " We have scarcely boon at soa a day yet, and I haven't had time to become acquainted with tho crew." "Well, muster all your hands," said the lieutenant in a commanding tone. " bee that every man shows himself." The ship's books were produced, and each man was told to call out his name. They wero counted, and found to be ono short. The officer scrutinized overy face, but notonctalliod with tho photograph. " Is all your ere.w hero?" "No," answered the captain; "there's ono hand short." " Had you your full number on leaving?" " Yes. Every ono. I mustered thorn in tho river." The officer wont to tho ship's side and ordered some more of his boat's crew to como ! up. Then he set a guard over tho hands cm dock, giving them strict orders not to stir from ! their positions under penalty of being cut down. That matter settled, he proceeded in ; company with the captain, the boatswain, and three blue jackets, to search the ship. They j searched high and they searched low. Tho search was thorough. A cat could hardly have i escaped it. But it was fruitless; the missing man was not found. No ono could or no one i would sav what had become of him. It was a profound mystery, for there was no doubt ho i had been on hoard. Some of tho crow j identified him by the photograph, and said i they had seen him on deck and in the fore castle. When the watches were Iteing set, he was told off to the second mate's watch. He j shipped in the name of James Brinton. When he had disappeared, or where he had gone to, ! 110 one could say. But a young fellow, an ordinary seaman, volunteered the statement j that be had.seen him in the forecastle after tho tug had east the brig off when they were clear of the river. i This1 statement caused the naval lieutenant to ! search the ves-el again, even more thoroughly, j if that were possible, than on the first occasion, but with a lik<\- result. The wanted man was' not discover .si. So the officer brusquely apolo gised for the trouhlo he had given the cap tain. Then mustering his own men, he took his departure, and as soon as he. had got clear the brig squared away her yards, got sail on, "and was laid on her course again, W hen tho excitement of the incident was over, and the watch below, had been told to ! turn in again, tho mate, in discussing the j matter with the captain, Chibblc and Sherard, j said gloomily— i " T don't like this beginning, sir. It moans had luck." .Like most sailors, he was very suporsti- J tious. J "Nor T," responded the captain. " But we shall ho all right. One thing is certain -- t.hc. fellow is not on board now. He must have gone over the sido, and by this time is in Davey Jones's locker. Well, that's the proper B i. vermin. They've 110 business. amongsthonoafc sailor men, "There was a unanimous assent to this, and ™ ^8tern, fconzon wag. already bo .to glow with the light of ft forit wa? noa,rIy eigKt bells, sleep 0011 w°nt below to get some wenhnUH Zm h$twhen Chibb,e» and Sl.orard hTn • 0 mate wa» en the poop, for Hm m ! morm"? watph, and while some of fi.Q ~g """"""6. w»ir,un, anu wiine some ot isss SETS-xSfts °u,f» ««*■« putting things in seagoing order. AH sail ltLW^]d^My draw was set, and the i * . . J , " "®*» oci/| "UQ IflO vessel was making good way, although there Zfa f •u,?ch *,nd* Queensland coast was only dimly visible, as the Break of Day had beon kept well to the westward of the Barrier Beef, wlnob was clearly defined by the long Wh,to surf line. Tlie mato was still pondenng evidently on the incidoiit of tbo niglit, for when Chibbles said to him, " It's a oeatitiful morning," lie answered grumpily I T0?', 6il'» 'fc'f hno onough at present, and wo shall carry these south-east trades up to our destination. But what's aback of it all hrf,«motto 8a7- , Wo'vo ffot tbo passage before us - yet, and the worst has to come. Keafs and rocks aro scattered about like leaves "»a-garden on an autumn day," ,tb°.v; *rc all marked on the oliart," suggested Bob. in 5?°* «f; mt," answered the mate Muntly. I hem seas rouud New Guinea and the off-lying islands have only been partly »ur voyoih and. some °f the seas are not known at all. Not that I d care for that. Not me. I'm open to bet my bottom dollar that I'd save the ong through the rockiest sea in the world, though a ship had never been there before. But we ve started badly, sir. Wo started with a murderer on board, and lie's disappeared, i , a 'uurderer on board a vessel is ns un lucky as a corpse or a black cat. I once sailed m a barque with a black oat. She belonged to thoskipper. 1 told biui that if ho didn't chuck ' her overboard just as the moon was rising something would happen." ah^Bob6* d" r,ai laugliedheartily, Well, and did anything happen?" v ^ too soon, gentlemen," re plied the mate, with a growl like an angry Yes, sir, something did happen. Two weeks after that w« run on to a sunken rock, and burst a hole in our bottom." But you were saved," said Dick, some what ironically. " Yes, of course I was, or T shouldn't be I hero tellmg you the story. But the skipper i Wai1n , n"d f""r tho hands was lost. • ID i ii l i ■ 'KviHJJS " olJ Jb/oLu But that wasn't tho fault of tho black cat." laughed Bob. '' Yes it was," answered the mate solemnly. I know d it when wo started, and I advised tno skipper to heave the cat over the side, or something would happen to us. Well, you see something did happen, so I prophesied correctly, didn't I?" " Well, your prophecy was correct in that case, answered Ohibbles, "but it was a more coincidence. Was it," said the mate with considerable warmth, for on the matter of his superstitions he was as dogmatic as he could be, and did not like to be doubted. "Well, Sir, it's no use arguing with a man who won't bo convinced. But now look you here, if I says as we shall come to grief on this trip, and we do como to gncf, will you admit, that I'm right?" The terrible earnestness with which tho poor man said this caused both his listeners to roar with laughter, and Bob exclaimed, "If we come to grief you know we shall all V»t probably, so that we shall not bo in a position to express an opinion." ' That is true; but I dare say you will have time to think of my words beforo you goos to the bottom. I tell you straight, I'd give two months wages if that yere murdoror hadn't come on board this craft." *'Y?u think ho really did como on board, then?" asked Dick. || I'm'sure and certain he did." ^ And how do you think ho disappeared?" j, It am t for ine to say. It's clear enough uial 'ies g.Uio, for them man-o'-war chaps dicta t leave no place unsuarchcd ; thoy oven looked in the cook's oven. Well, now, unless lies the deviL, ho couldn't have stowed him self away and not beon found. My belief is that when bo heard that gun that was fired to I bring us to ho saw he'd no chance, and ho just ! chucked himself overboard, and that was I about the best thing be could do." ''Yes, if he was the brutal ruffian such as the i officer described, it was; though perhaps it would have been better if he'd Been publicly hanged as a deterrent example." I "What I wish," repeated the mato as ho J went for ard to help the man to set the flying j jib, 'is that he'd never como aboard this 1 vessel, ! Sherard and his friend could not help feel in" ' amused at the mate's superstitious fears and I his prophetic earnestness, and they at onoa irreverently dublied him "The Prophet of Jkvil. It is needless to say that they attached i no importance to what he had said—in fact I they soon forgot it, for there were a hundred things to distract their attention, and they both began to take lessons in sailor work and , navigation, for they felt that some knowledge ; of the subject would T»o useful during* their wanderings. They both eh owed themselves smart at it, and in the course of a week they not only knew the name of every sail and every ; rope in the ship, but could lend a hand at reef ing, furling, and setting sail. With the south-east trade wind blowing strong, as it was at that time, the brw did good work; and giving a wide berth to the entrance to Torres Straits, her course was laid for the Lomsi&do; Archipelago, which com prises the cluster of islands, islets, rocks, ami reefs at the extreme south-east point of IVjw which is known as J South Gap\ and is separated from the islands by Coma .Strait. One evening with a fiery glowing, lurid, and angry skv, all hands I were eagerly on the lookout for land. Men I were at the kuightheads, on tho bowsprit, in the tops, along the rails, and every eye was 1 strained puering out to where the sea glowed \ with saffron-and red from the declining rays of the sun. The captain was pirticularly anxious to sight the land before darkness fell 1 so that lie might get bis position, and then i shorten sail so as to creep along through the , night, for it was far too dangerous to attempt the Tiavig-tym of th - archipelago during the ; hours of darkness. A light steady breeze was 1 blowing, and the sr«a was calm. As the sun went down the very atmosphere seemed t.o glow with colour, while tho sky was like a painters palette, with this exception, that every colour ever mixed by the hand of man is diill and meaningless when compared to the brilliant living painting which is seen at sun set and sunrise in those glorious seas, and which on the night in question.was exception ally striking. Suddenly from the lookout m tho for stop came the cry of Land ahead, Sir." ^Tlie. skipper ran into the foreoast.le with his giass and confirmed the report. There on the glowing boriziii, hung as it seemed between the flaming sky and Hi.« glowing sea, was n -fringed island. A sin He of sausfaciio.i spread itself over his face, for it-proved tliat lie wa« absolutely correct when lie made hia reckoning at noon. Ho said then, "We ,shall boo the extreme southernmost island of the archipelago about 7o'olock,"and there sure enough it was, and six bells had only just struck. "All hands shorten sail," shouted the skipper, as he re turned to the poop, and soon was heard tlio creaking of blocks, the flapping of canvas, the chantying of the sailors as they hauled on the ropes; and when the work was completed, the hands wore told they could lay aft with their pannikins*for a tot of grog, by orders of two of the owners, Mr. Chibblos and Mr. Sherard. Thoro was a hearty choer at this announce ment, and tlio men made a rush for the foc'slo to.get their pannikins; but no sooner had the foremost of them entered than thoy rusliod out again with blanched lips, and a cry that wasn't a cheer issuing from them. As they crowded aft in a liody without their pannikins and with scared faces, the captain, who wasstandr ing with the mate at the break of the poop, sung out quickly*.—■ "What a the matter, man, what's the matter?" The Yank stepped forward and constituted himself the spokesman. , • " Wal, sir," he said in his usual drawl, " l.'vo never seed a ghost afore, but blame mo if there ain t ono right there in the foc'slo." | " liodad tlio Yank's roight, sor," exclaimed Brian Mulligan, the giant, "fenced saw a ghost in my native town. Jt. was crossing a bog, begerra, as T. was after coming from the waking of ould (Jreaghar's widdy. It was moighty loilcc the ghost. the foc'slo. except that it's eyes were loiko two burning coals, and the sulphurous flames was coining out of its mouth. But divil a flame or divil a fire is there about the foc.'stlo ghost.". _ "Nary a firo," added the giant. "It's as white as a biled shirt." i The mate had turned pale, as far as a mail with such a burnt and bronzed face as he had > could look pale, and clutching nervously at the | poop rail, he muttered— "I said so; I. knowed wo were in for bad luck." It was evident -that hewaa wmg inad, and 'all hands then in thecabin tackled liirn, but he | taxodtheir united strength,and some of the; ■watch had to be called tolendassistance. He • was overpowered at last, but only with difficulty, and' hie wrists * were bound behind him with ropes. -. It was then , ooneidered advisable to rnithim on the lower | deekunder the main hatch. There be waa made fast to a ring bolt in the deck, but provided with a mattress on which he could lie down. But he continued to tug and strain like a newly caught wolf, and to make the night: hideous with hisliismal howls. - ' / - In themeantimetlie Captain had got very anxious about the appearance of tbc weather. The barometer, which was previously low, had dropped three-tenths in two hours. The atmo nphere was so stagnant and so hot that it was ; Huffoeating. Not a Bingle gleam of light any where relieved the awful, gloom. There was' blackness above, blackness below, blackness j everywhere. The ship had ceased to roll mid ' pitch, and her sails hung motionless against tho masts. Soundings were again tried for, but seventy fathoms failed to reach bottom; it was'ascertained,, however, that a powerful current was setting to. the north- east, and carryingthoshipwith .it. The skipper con sulted his charts again and again, and knew that the vessel was very close to the land, un-; pleasantly close, having regard to the set of the cun-ent and the absence of wind. The lead was kept going, but there was no shoal ing. It was deep water all round. In that region, however, the water was deep right up to the land, and while one minute a ship might have a hundred fathoms of water under her, the next she was on the .top of a coral ■wall. Both mates remained on deck with the Captain; so did Chibbles and Sherard, and Steve Ralston, who for several days had been confined to his bunk with illness, but the heat being insufferable lie had turned out and gone on deck. The carpenter had also been called np, lest his services might be suddenly required. And the anchors, which were fltowed in board but not unbent* from tho cables, had been got over the side ready for letting go at a moment's notice. Suddenly from tho southward came a puff of hot wind, which strained the sails out and gave the ship way, but in ten minutes it had gone again, and all was as stagnant as before. . | "We are in for a blow," tho skipper re- j marked to his mate, as he once more consulted the barometer and found it was still falling. 1 "We are in for a buster," he added. "Turn all hands out and. reef the two topsails." Tho mate hurried on deck to give. the order, but scarcely had the words left his lips when a mighty whirlwind descended upon them, and the black sea with incredible swiftness became white with hissing foam as the hurricane's breath blew upon it. In Jess than five minutes all was confusion. From stagnation and deathlike stillness the elements had broken into a Babel of sound. The sea roared; the wind howled and screeched. Both the fore and the main topsails were blown clean • out of the bolt ropes, and the torn canvas cracked like a thousand whips, while the blocks and chains seemed to be endowed with life, and to be furiously struggling to get free, that they might hurl themselves through the air and kill every living thing that opposed them. Two men were at the wheel, and all the others were striving with might and main to take in the rest of the sails. But it was no easy task, and one poor fellow in his endeavour to heave down the fore-tepgal 1 ant-st.aysai 1, which had fouled on the stay, was struck by the sheet and knocked overboard, to be seen no more by human eyes. Notwithstanding that the ship had so b'ttle canvas on her she drove on at a fearful pace, and the Captain determined to lay to until day light broke. Jt was easy to determine it; but it was another thing to do it in such a tempest, He managed, however, to bring her up into the wind, and the men were ordered aloft to clear the fore and main topsails and bend new ones. Before they could reach the top they were arrested by the cry of the look-out:— " "Broken water right under the bows." "Let her go off," roared the captain to the men at the wheel. The order was obeyed. The wheel spun round with fearful rapidity, liut it was too late. The ship struck with a mighty crash. She shuddered from stem to stern." She rose up and crashed down again with an awful grind ing and splintering sound. No man could face the wind, and the human voice was vas power less to make itself heard, while all around the sea was a cauldron of boiling hissing white foam. Ones more the vessel was lifted by a great upheaving swell, and once again she plunged down with an awful crash, and fell heavily over on to her side. The foremast went by the board, dragging the maintopinast with it, and amidst the thunders of the falling spars, tho diabolical screeching of the wind, the bellow ing of the sea on the reef, the unspeakably awful confusion, the horror of which was en hanced by the impenetrable darkness, the Captain with all the force of his powerful voice sang out— " The ship is lost. Let every man do tho best he can for himself." The roar of the tempest, however, mocked him, and nobody heard what he said excepting those who were cpiite close to him. But there was no man on hoard but knew that the doom of the Break of Day was sealed, and he va3 lace to face with grim Death. 