A LECTURE ON THEOSOPHY. BY THE COUNTESS WAOHTMEISTER. The Countess Wachtmeister had the satisfaction of addressing as many people as tbe Mechanics' Institute class-room would conveniently hold last evening, the subject of her lecture being, ' Man, bis own destiny.' Mr Henry Horatio Gill, M.H.A., occupied the chair, and in an introductory speech mentioned that the Countess was not travel ling to make money, since she paid all ber own expenses, and gave tbe proceeds of ber meetings to the Theosophical Society, which had been established some 21 years, and of which she was one of the oldest members. The Countess, who received a courteous greeting, is of a certain age, with a pleasant cast of face, a voice of considerable compass and inflexion, but a little hard at timeB, possibly tbe rcBult of speaking frequently in large auditoriums and other placeB. The earnestness with which sbe advances ber theosopbic doctrines is sufficient to retain attention despite the fact that tbe general tone is one of melancholy, or, aB a hearer termed it, ' pulpittv,' aud that there is not among tbe spiritualities raised the ghost of anything resembling humor from com mencement to finish. However, it was not advertised aB a comic lecture, and one is afraid that sceptics as to theosopbic views would find amusement enough in some of the theories advanced. Countess Wachtmeister commenced with an explanation of theoBophy, which meant divine wisdom, and went far beyond, and 'was not antagonistic to, ordinary religions, each of which contained a germ of truth. | Theosophists believed in a First Cause, behind which or Whom was a ' Causeless Cause,' a ' Rootless Root,' from which the original souIb of men emanated as pure sparks. She related several of the experi ences of Madame Blavatsky, with whom she was on intimate terms, aud went on to ex plain bow the aforesaid sparks had to travel around until they bad acquired all the know- ? ledge to be obtained in one world, and then pass on to another and so on, until, having gone through the whole curriculum, they became, if the lecturess wes rightly under stood, reunited to divinity. She showed how thcosophy was in touch with the teachings of Jesus as to purity of life and love towards one's neighbor, and, passing on to the immediate topic of the address, contended that the moat potent thing in life was thought, and to understand the great principle of tbeosophy one must understand the power of thought and then go on to learn how to control it Tbeosophy taught this. Bhe advanced a theory that thoughts were retained in a sort of mould, and that when sufficient thoughts of the same ;ort had hlled the mould it burst into action, rhus intense sustained thought in any one lirection, say music for instance, would xing on a mental burst of this kind, and the Uustration of Hoffmann was quoted, his phenomenal talent being probably caused by ipplication to muBic in a past existence. *HiB soul,' said the lecturess, 'must have revelled in music, and he must have gone on filling his mould until at last it burst, and so ! in tbis life he was born a musical genius.' , Questions were asked later on, and there . nas an opportunity — not, however, availed i d1— of asking whether, if, in a prior exis- i bcnce, one doted on red hair, he would be , born with a phenomenal crop of that hue. Apart, however, from what seemed to novices in tbeosophy extravagant and untenable theories— such as that the molecules going to make up individuals,' wbich were said to change every, seven years, went to make up the molecules of other men] during the next seven— there was a good deal of interesting talk, the tendency of which was good, and by no means ridiculous. In answer to questions, Countess Wacht meister claimed that the reason most people could not remember the occurrences of prior existences was that the brains supplied with tbe new bodies were too limited in power, except in cases where people, of whom she knew many, possessed the 'inner vision,' and .who could remember dis tinctly what: they had gone through. She denied that tbe souls of human beings could descend into the bodies of animals, because Christ had said we were the Sons of God, and, being divine, man could not, bow ever low they became through evil living, become in a future life anything but man. The lecture was listened to with grave atten tion, snd it ;s s^fe to say all were thoroughly interested, and that those will be also who attend tbe lecture on ' Death and After,' wbich is to tje given to-mprrow night, 