wins tm tmm ?' A TALE OF ffiERRMS EH€H3,£tt®; ' By MTS^J- BR ACCON, Author of 'IsHm^I,:' 'Deat£ fflfenf* Shoes,.' ? 'I»ady Audley-'s; Seeretj' ''WyHardta Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune;? 'Eikeaad Unlike, *&«, &cu.; [Published by special arrdngenftnfc With tfie author. ? AU^rightsreservod,- ? Ghapter-XXI.— (ContmucoV.) la w*s within a- week of ttiat evening, thnfe ithesiBtera were st&rtledfby; the arrival of their father;, unannounced*, in tticr dusk of the winter afternoon. He had come by, alow stages from; Spain* riding- the greater part of the journey, like Howell,. 50 years earlier, attended only by one faithful-- soldier-serVwit, and. enduring no- small suffering and. running; do slight risk upon the road. 'The wolves had ouf provender on more than one occasion,,' he told them. 'The .wonder is they never hadiw or our hackneye. I left Madrid in July, notrlong. after tiio- death ?of my; poor friend Fanshawe; Indeed, itwaB bis friendship and his good lady's- unvarying courtesy that took me to the capital. We had last met at Hampton Court with the king, shortly before his Majesty's' so ill- adviBea flighty and_ we were bosom friends then. And ?so, he being dead of a fever early in' the( slimmer, I had no more to do but to travel slowly homeward to end' my days in, my. own; chimney corner and to claim thy promise, Angola,; thatthou wouldst keep my house and oomfortmy declining years.' Uear father r Angela murmured, hanging over him ae he sat io the great velvet chair by -tjhe fire, while- her- ladyship's- footmen; set a table near. him with wine and provisions for an impromptu meal, Lad* Farfeham directing them and comingbetween whiles toembrace her father in aflutter of spirits, the firelight shining on her flame-oolored velvet gown and primrose taffety petticoat, her pretty golden curie- and spark ling sevigne, her ruby necklace and earrings, and her bright restless eyes.. While tlie elder sister was all movement and agitation the younger stood calm and still beiside herfather's chair, her hancUdasped in his,, her thoughtful .dyes looking dowiT at him as he talked, stop ping' now and then- in his story of adventures ; to eat and drink. He looked much older ttian when, he sur prised her in the convent garden.. His hair and' beard,- then- iron grey, were now silver white. He wore his own hair, which was abundant, and a beard cut after the fashion she knew in the portraits of Henr-i Quatre. His clothes were still of that style which he had never changed and which lived now only in the paintings of Vandyke and hie school. 'How the girl looks at me,' Sir John1 said, surprising his daughter's earnest taae. ' Does she take? me for a ghost ?' ' Indeed, sir, she may well famjy you have come back from the- other world* while you wear that antique suit,' said Hyacinth. 'I hope your first business to-morrow will be to replenish your wardrobe by the assistance of Lord Rochester's tailor. He iB1 a German and has the best cut for a justaucorps in all the West-End. Fareham is bad enough to make a wife ashamed of him, but his clothes are' only poor and shabby for his condition. Your Spanish cloak and steeple hat are fitter for a travelling quack doctor than for a gentleman of quality and your doublet and vest might have come out of the ark.' 'If I change them it will be but to humor your Vanity, sweetheart,' answered herfather. 'I bought the suit in Paris three years ago and I swore I would cast them back upon the snip's hands if he gave me any new-fangled finery. But a riding suit that has crossed the Pyrenees and stood a winter's wear at Mont pelier— where I have been living since October — can scarce do credit to a fine lady'a saloon; and thou arc finest, Til wager, Hyacinth, where' all axe fine.' ' You would not say that if you had seen LadyCaatlemaine's rooms; I would wager that her tapestry cost more than the contents of my house.' 'Though shouldst not envy sin in high places, Hyacinth.' ' Envy ! I envy a——' 'Nay, love, no bad names. 'Tis a sorry pass England has come to when the most con spicuous personage at her court ie the King's mistress. I was with the queen mother at Paris, who received me mighty kindly and be wailed with me over the contrast betwixt her never-to-be- forgotten husband and his sons. They have nothing of their father, she fold me, neither in person nor in mind. ' I know not whence their folly comes to them!' she cried. It would have been uncivil to' remind her that her own father, hero as he was, had set no saintly example to royal husbands; and that it is possible oar princes take more of their character from their grandfather Henry than from the martyr Charles. Poor lady, 1 am told she left .London deep in debt after squandering her noble income of these latter years, and that she has sunk is the esteem of the French Court by her alliance with Jermyn.' 'I can but wonder tlrat she, above all women, should ever cease to be a widow.' 'She conies of a light-minded race and nation, Angela ; and it is easy to her to forget or she would not easily forget that so-adoring husband whose fortunes she ruined. Hifl most fatal errors came from his subservience to her. When I Baw her in her new splendor at Somerset House, all smilecf and gaiety, with youth and beauty revived in the sunshine of restored fortune I could but remember all lie was, in dignity and manly affection, proud and pure as King Arthur in the old romance, and all she cost him by womanish tyrannies and prejudices and difficult commands laid upon him at a juncture of do exceeding diffi culty. The sisters listened in a respectful silence. The ojd cavalier out a fresh slice of chine, sighed, and continued his sermon. ' I doubt that while we, the lookers-on, re member, they, the actors, forget ; for could the son of such a noble victim wallow in a profli gate court, surrender himself to the devilish necromancies of vioious women and viler men, if he remembered his father's character and his father's death. No; memory must be a blank, and we, who suffered with our royal master, are fools to prate of ingratitude or neglect, since the son who can forget such a father may well forget his father's servants and friends. But we will not talk of public matters in Hie first hour of our greeting. Nor need I prate of the King, since I have not come back to Eng Ijlind tordft^s- periwig over my gray; Kaira shd play. Waiter upon court* favor,- and *wea*- oat- the. -back, of- my. coat againab jtfie tapestry at Whitehall, standing in (the rear of the- crowds to have my toes ^tampled upon by the sharpiieels of court ladies, and an elbow inmy/ stomach more often than ojpt. I am come,, like Wolsfeja, girls/ to lay -my sold bones among; yon.-. Art thou: readjv ?Angela?. Hhst- thou- hadi enough- of London ,«nd play-houses and parks and wilt thou-share -thy father's solitude itf Buckinghamshire ?' j 'With alt my heart, sir.'' . ' What ! never a sigh for London pleasures? ;Thou Hasfthe great lady's air and carriage in rthat-braveblue taffety. The nun I knew three jyeaw agO'bsan'aniBhed; Can you so ligutly announce the splendor of this house and- your Sister's'oompMiy; to mak&'ft prosing old- father (happy?' r 'B ' «! fr-'ee*''' B'F' * att readjr to go with' yolk' i How she says- that— with what a 8 weet sad .countenance of woeful resignation. But I will not make the Manor Moat too severe a prison, .dearest. You shall 'visit London and your lister When yoa will. There: shall be tt.coach itfnd a team of stout roadsters to pull it when .tbey.artfnot wantedrfor theplough.. And the Vale of Aylesbiiry is but a long day's journey ,ft-om London, while 'tis no more than a mom* ;ibg|s ride: to Chilton.' : 'I could not bear for her to be long. away from me,' said Hyacinth. 'She is the only companion' I have in the world.?' , ' Exceptiyour husband.' : 'Husbands such as- mine are poor com pany. ? Fareham has w moody brow and: a mind stuffed with public matters. He dinra' with Clarendon one dap and with Albemarle another; ob hegoesto Deptford- to grumble' With Mr. Evelyn ;. or he creeps away to some obscure quarter of the town to hobnob with Milton or Marvel, the member for Hull. I doubt they are all of one mind in abusing his majesty and conspiring against him. If I losemysisterl shall- have no-one.' j What,, no one ; when you have Henriette, who even three years1 ago had shrewdness ' enough to keep an old grandfather amused With her impertinent- prattle.' ' Grandfathers arc easily amused by children they see as Beldom as you have seen Papillon. To have her about you all day with her ever lasting chatter, and questions, and remarks, and opinions (a brat of 12 with opinions), would soon give you the vapors.' ' I am not so subject to vapors as you, child. ILetf me look at you now the candles are lighted.' The footmen had lighted dusters of wax candles on either side the tall chimney-piece. ?Sit John drew his elder daughter to the nght, scrutinised her face with a father's privilege of uncompromising survey. 'You paint thick enough, i'conscience' name, though not quite so thick as the Spanish senoras. They are browner than you and need a heavier hand with white-and-red. But you are haggard under all your red. You are noc thB woman I left in '05.' ' I am near two years older than the woman you left, and as for paint- there is not a woman --? over 20 in London who uses an little redand whiteasl do.' . ' What has become of Fareham to-night?' Sir John asked presently, when Hyacinth had; picked up her favorite Bpaniel to nurse and fondle, while Angela had resumed her oc cupation at an embroidery frame and a re .poseful air as of a long-established domesticity had fallen upon the scene. 'He is at Chilton. When he is not plotting he rushes off to Oxfordshire for the hunting and shooting. He loves buglehorns and yelp ing cars,, and huntsmen's cracked voices, far before the company of ladies or the conversa tion of wits.' ; ' A man was never meant to sit in a velvet Chair and talk fine. It is all one for a French .abbe and a-few old women in men's clothing to sit roand the room and chop logic with a learned spinster like Mademoiselle Scudery ; but men must live sub jove, unless they are statesmen or clerks. They must have horses and hounds, gun and spaniel, hawk or rod. Jam glad Fareham loves sport. And as for that talk of conspiring, let me not hear it from « thee, Hyacinth. 'Tis a perilous discourse to but hint at treason, and your husband is a loyal gentleman who loves and' — with a wry face — 'reveres his king.' 'Oh, I was only jesting. But, indeed, a man who so disparages the things other people love must needs be a rebel at heart. Did you hear of Monsieur de Malfort while you were at Paris?' , The enquiry was made with, that overacted carelessness which betrays hidden pain, bub tlie soldier's senses had been blunted by the rough and tumble of an adventurer's life and lie was not on the alert for shades of feeling.. Angela accepted her father's return, with the new duties it imposed upon her, as if it had been a decree of heaven. She put aside all consideration of that refuge which would have meant so complete a renunciation and fare well. On her knees that night, in the ntlQst ^ of fervent prayers, her tears streamed fast at the thought that, secure in the shelter for her father's love, in the peaceful solitude of her native valley, she could look to a far-off future when she and Fareham might meet without] fear of sin, when no cloud of passion should darken his brotherly affection for her ; when his heart, now estranged from holy things, would have returned to ,the faith of hia ancestors, reconciled to God and the Church. She could but think of him now as a fallen angel — a wanderer who had strayed far from the only light and guide of human life, and was thus a mark for the tempter. What lesser power than Satan's could have so turned good to evil ; the friendship of a brother to tne base passion which had made so wide a gulf be tween them ; and which must keep them strangers till he was cured of his sin? Only to diabolical possession could she' ascribe the change that had come over him since those happy days when Bhe had watched the slow dawn of health upon his sunken cheeks when he and she had travelled together through the rich autumn woods along the lovely English roads, and when, in the leisure of* the slow, journey, he had poured ont his thoughts to her, the atory of his life, his opinions, expatiating in fraternal confidence upon tho things he loved and tlie things he hated. And at Chilton she looked back and remembered his goodness to her, the pains he had taken in choosing hones for her to ride, their long mornings on the river with Henriette, their hawking parties, and in all his kind brotherly care of her. The change in him had come about by almost imperceptible degrees ; but it had been chiefly marked ny a fitful temper that had cut her to tho quick. Now so kind, npw barely civil; courting her company to-day, to-morrow avoiding her as if there were contagion in her presence. Then after the meeting at Millbank there/had come a coldness so icy, a sarcasm so catting that for a long time she had thought ho hated as much as he despised her. She Had withered in his contempt.' Hisun kindness had overshadowed every hour of her life, and the longing to cry out to him, ' Indeed, sir, your thoughts wrong me, I am not the wretch you think,' had been almost too much for her fortitude. She had felt that Bhe must exculpate herself, even though in so doing she should betray her sister. And then honor and affection for Hyacinth had pre vailed, and she had bent her shoulders to the burden of undeserved shame. She had Bat silent and abashed in his presence like a guilty creature. Sir John Kirkland spent a week at Fare ham House employed in choosing a team of horses, suitable alike for the road and the plough, looking out, among the coachrnakers. lor a - secondhand travelling carriage, . and eventually buying a coach of Lady Fanshawe's, which had been brought from Madrid with the rest of her very extensive goods and chattels. One need scarce remark that it was not one of the late ambassador's state carriages, his ruby velvet coach with fringes that cost £300, or his brocade carriage, but a coach that had been used for the everyday service of his suite. » Sir John also bought a little plain silver in place oE that fine collection of silver and parcel gilt which had been so willingly sacrificed to royal necessities ; and though he breathed no sigh over past losses some bitter thoughts may have corne across his cheerfulness as he heard of the splendor aud superabundance of Lady Castleniaiues plate and jewels or of the ling worth £G00 lately presented to a pretty actress. In a week he was ready for Buckingham ? ' * shire ; and Angela had her trunks packed and had bid good-bye to her London friends, amidst the chatter of Lady Farehaui's visiting day and the clear, bell-like clash of delicate china teacups — miniature bowls of egg shell pfircelain, without handles and to be held daintily with the tips of high-bred fingers. There was a chorus of courteous bewailing at the notion of Mrs. Kirkland's departure. Sir Ralph Masaroon pretended to be in despair. 'Is it not bad enough to have had the coldest winter my youth can remember ? But you must needs take the sun from spring. Why the maids of honor will count for hand some when you are gone. What'B that Butler says— The HvinkHns: stars began to muster Ami flitter with their borrowed lustre. But what's to become of me without the sun ? I shall have no one to sideglass in the ring.' ' Indeed, Sir Ralph, I did not know that you sideglassed me.' ' What, you have suffered 'my devotion to pass unperceived when I have broken half a dozen coach windows in your service, rattling a glass down with a vehemence which would liave startled a Venus in marble to turn and re 41 cognise an adorer? Round and round the ring 1 have driven for hours on the chance of a look. Nay, marble is not so coy as froward beauty. And at the Queen's Chapel have I not knejt at the Mass morning after morning at the risk of being thought a Papist for the sake of seeing you at prayers, and have envied the Romish dog who handed vou the asperstoi1 as you went out ? And you to be unconscious all the time.' 'Nay, 'tis so much happier for me, Sir Ralpl), since you have given me a reserve of gratified vanity that will last me a year in the country, where I shall see nothing out plough men and bird-boys.' _ ; ' Look out for the scarecrows in Sir John's fields, for the odds are you will see me some day disRuisecl as one.' 'Why disguised?' asked his friend Mr. P-minglo:i, who had lately produced a comedy that had been acted throe times at the duke's theatre and once at Court, which may be taken as a prosperous run for a new play Lady Sarah Tewkesbury held forth on the pleasures of a country life and lamented that family connections and the necessity of stand ing well with the Court constrained her to spend' the greater part of her existence in town. 'I am like Milton,' she said. 'I adore a rural life, to hear the cock — From his u-atcli tower in the skies, When the horse and hou:id do rise. Oh, I love buttercups and daisies above all the Paris finery in the New Exchange ; and to steep one's complexion in May dew, and to sup on a syllabub or a dish of frumenty— so cheap, too, -while it costs a fortune but to pcrape along in London.' 'The country is well enough for a month at haymaking, to romp with a bevy of London beauties in the meadows near Tunbridge Wells, or to dance to a couple of fiddles on the common by moonlight,' said Mr. Penin^ton, b whereupon all agreed that Tunbridge Wells, Epsom, Doncaster, and Newmarket were the only country possible to people of intellect. 'I would never go further than Epsom if I had my will,' said Sir Ralph ; ' for I see no pleasure in Newmarket for a man who keeps no running horses and has no more interest in the upshot of a race than he might have in a maggot match on bis own diniriff-table, did lie * stake high enough on the result. 'But my sister is not to be buried in Buck inghamshire all the year round,' explained Hyacinth. 'I shall fetch her here half a dozen time9 in a season ; and her Ihortest visits must be long enough to take the country freshness out of her complexion and save her from becoming a milkmaid.' 'Gud, to see her freckled!' cried Peninff ton. 'I could as soon imagine Helen with a hump. That London _ pallor is the choicest charm in a girl of quality — a refined sickliness that appeals to the heart of a man of feeling, an * if - you -don't-lend - meyourarmIshall swoon' sort of air. Your country hoyden, with her rose-and- cream complexion and open-air manners is more shocking than Medusa to a man of taste.' The talk drifted to other topics at the men tion of Buckingham, who had but lately been let out of the Tower, where he and Lord Dorchester had been committed for scuffling and quarrelling at the Canary Conference. 'Has your ladyship seen the Duke and Lord Dorchester since they came out of the house of bondage?' asked Lady Sarah. 'I think Buckingham was never so pay and hand some and takes his imprisonment as the best joke that ever was and is as great at court as ever.' 'His Majesty is but too indulgent,' said Masaroon, 'and encourages the duke to be insolent and careless of ceremony. He had the impertinence to show himself at chapel before he had waited on his Majesty.' ' Who was very angry and forbade him the court,' said Penington. 'Bvit Buckingham Sent the King one of his foolish, jesting letters, capped with a rhyme or two ; and if you can make Charles Stuart laugh you may pick his pocket—^-' : .'.''' , ' Or Beduce his mistress——'/ . . v ! 'OJi, he will give much to wit and. gaiety. He learnt the knack of taking life easily while he led that queer shifting life in.exilc. He was a cosmopolitan and a soldier of fortune before he was a king cte facto, and still wears the loose garments of those easy beggarly days, when he had neither money nor cara _ Be sure he regrets that roving life— Madrid, Paris, and Hague — and will never love a eon as well as little Monmouth, the child of his youth.' ' What would he not give to make that base born brat Prince of Wales? Strange that while Lord Ross is trying to make his offspring illegitimate by Act of Parliament hia master's anxieties should all tend the other way.' 'Don't talk to me of Parliament,' cried Lady Sarah, ' the tyranny of the Rump was nothing to them. Look at the tax upon French wines, which will make it almost impossible for a lady of small means to entertain her friends. And an act of burying us all in woollen for the benefit of the English trade in wool.' 'But, indeed, Lady Sarah, it is we of the old faith, who have most need to complain,' Baid Lady Fareham, 'since these wretches make us pay a double poll-tax,' and all. our foreign friends are being driven away for the same reason — just because the foolish and the ignorant must needs put down the fire to the Catholics.' '?'Indeed, your ladyship, the papists have had an unlucky knack at lighting fires, as Smithfield and Oxford can testify,' said Penington, 'and perhaps having no more opportunity of roasting martyrs it may please Eotne of your creed to burn Protestant houses, with the chance of cooking a few Protestants inside 'em.' Angela had drawn away from the little knot of fine ladies and finer gentlemen and was sitting in the bay window of an ante-room, with Henriette and the boy, who were sorely dejocted at the prospect of losing her. The best consolation she could offer was to promise that they should be invited to the Manor Moat as soon as she and her father had Bettlcd them selves comfortably there — if their mother could spare them. Henrietta laughed outright at this final clause. 'Spare us!' she cried. 'Does she ever want us ? I don't think she knows when we are in the room, unless we tread upon her gown, when she screams out, 'Little viper [' and hits us with her fan.' ' The lightest toucli, Papillon ; not so hard as you strike your favorite baby.' ' Oh, she doesn't hurt me ; but the disrespect of it ! Her only daughter, and nearly as high as she is !' 'You are an ungrateful puss to complain, when her ladyship is so kind as to let you be here to see all her fine company.' ' I am sick of her company, almost always the same, aud always talking about the same things. The King, and the Duke, and the General, and the navy ; or Lady CasSleinaine's jewels, or the last new head from Paris, or her ladyship's Flanders Jaee, It is all as dull as ditch- water now Monsieur de Malfort is gone. lie was always pleasant and he let me play on his guitar, though he swore it excruciated him. And He taught me the new Versailles coranto. There's no pleasure for any one since he fell ill and left England.' ' You shall come to the manor. It will be a change, even though you hate the country and Jove London.' ' I have left off loving London. I have had toq.much of it. If his lordship let us go to the theatre often it would be different. Oil, how I loved Philaster and that dear page. Do you think I could act that character, auntie, if his lordshiji's tailor made me such a dress ?' ' I think thou hast impudence for anything, dearest.' ' I would rather act that page than 'Pauline' in 'Polyecute,' though mademoiselle says I Bjieak her tirades nearly as well as an actress she once say at the Marais, who was too ojd aud fat for the character. . How I should love to be an actress and to play tragedy and comedy and make people cry and laugh. Indeed, I would rather be anything than a lady— unless I could be exactly like Lady Castlemaine.' *' Ah, Heaven forbid.' 'But why not? I heard Sir Ralph tell mother that let her behave as madly as she may she will always be atop of the tree aud that the young sparks at the Chapel Roya hardly look at their prayer-books for gazing at her and that the king ? ' 'Ah, sweetheart^ I want to hear no more of her.' 'Why, don't you like her? I thought you did not know her. She never comes here.'' j ' Are there any staghounds in the Vale of j Ayleebury ?' asked the boy, who had bo.en i looking out of the window watching the boats go by, unheeding his sister's babble. 'I know not, love; but there shall be dogs enough for you to play with, I'll warrant, and a pony for you to ride. Grandfather shall get them for hia dearest.' Sir John was fond of Henriette, whom he looked upon as a marvel of precocious bright ness ; but the boy was his favorite, whom he loved with an old man's half-melancholy affec tion for the creature which is to live and act a part in the world when he, the greybeard, shall be dust. Chapter XXII.— At the Manor Moat. Solid, grave, and sober, grey with a quarter of a century's neglect, the Manor House, in the valley below Brill, differed in every detail from the historical Chilton Abbey. It was a moated manor house, the typical house of the typical English squire, an E-shaped house with a capacious roof that lodged all tho household servants and clustered chimney stacks that accommodated a great company of swallows. It had been built in the reign of Henry VII. and was about coeval with its distinguished neighbor, the house of the Verneys, at Middle Claydon, aud it had never served any other purpose than to shelter Englishmen of good repute in the land. Souvenirs of Bos worth field— a pair of huge jack-boot, a two-handed sword, and a battered helmet hung over -the chimney-piece in the low-ceiled hall, but the end of tho civil war was but a memory when the Manor House was built. After Bosworth a slumberous' peace had fallen on the land, and in the stillness of this secluded valley, sheltered from every bleak wind by surrounding hills and woods, the gardens of the Manor Moat had grown into a settled beauty that made the chief attraction of a country seat which boasted so little of architectural dignity or of expensive fantasy in moulded brick and carved stone. Plain, sombre, with brick walls and heavy stone miillions to lower-browed windows, tho Manor House stood in the midBt of gardens such as the modern millionaire niajrlpng for but which only the grey old gardener Time ican create. There was more' than a; mile of .yew fcedm?, eight feet high and three feet broad, walling in flower garden and physic garden, the latter the Bpecial care of the hduBe-mothers' of previous generations, the former a -paradise or those old flowers which bloom, and- breathe sweet odors in the pages of Shakespeare and jewel the verse of Milton. The f ritellary here opened its dusky spotted petals to drink the dews of May ; and here, against a wall of darkest green, daffodils bloomed unruffled by March winds. Verily ,a garden of gardens ; but when Angela came there in the chill February there were no flowers to welcome her, only the long, straight walks between those walls of yew ana thed.irk shining waters 'of the moat aud the fish pond reflecting the winter sun ; and over all the scene a quiet as of the grave. A little colony of old servants had been left in the house, which had escaped confiscation, albeit' the property of a notorious Malignant, perhaps chieny on account of its insignificance, the bulk of the estate having been sold by Sir John in '44, when the king's condition was waxing desperate and money was worth twice its value to those who clung to hope and were ready to sacrifice their last jacobus in the roj'al cause. The poor little property, shrunk to a home-farm of 90 acres, a humble home stead, and the Manor House may have been thought hardly worth selling; or Sir John's rights may have been respected out of regard for his son-in-law, who on the maternal side had kindred in high places under theConinion wcalth, a fact of which Hyacinth occasionally reminded her husband, telling him that ha was by hereditary instinct a rebel and a king slayer. The farm had been taken to by Sir John's steward, a man who in politics was of the same easy temper as the Vicar of Bray in religion and who was a staunch Cromwellian so long as Oliver or Riehard_ sat at Whitehall, or would have tossed up his cap aud cheered for Monk as Captain-General of Great Britain had he been called upon to till his fields and rear his stock under a military despotism. It mattered little to any man living atease in a fat Buckinghamshire valley what king or common wealth ruled jn London so long as there was a ready market at A3'lesbury or Thame for all the farm could produce and civil war planted neither drake nor culverin on Brill Hill. The old servants had vegetated as best they might in tiie old house, their wage of the scantiest ; but to live and die within familiar walls was better than to fare through a world which had no need of them. The younger members of the household had scattered and found new homes, but the grey -haired cook was still in her kitchen ; the old butler still wept over his pantry, where a dozen or so of spoons and one battered tankard of Heriot's make' were all that remained of that store of gold and silver which had been his pride forty years ago,- when Charles was bringing home his fair French bride, and old Thames at London was alight -with fireworks and torches and alive with music and singing as the city welcomed its young queen, and when Reuben Holden was a lad in the pantry learning to polish a salver or a goblet, and sorely hectored by Ins ujicle aud butler. Reuben and Marjory, the old cook, famous in her day as any cordon-blue, were the sole re^ preseniative of the ouce-respectable household; but a* couple of stout wenches had been hired from the cluster of laborers' hovels that called itself a village, and' these had been made to drudge as they had never drudged before in the few days of warning which prepared Reul.en for his master's return. Firos had been lighted in rooms where mould and niildrew had long prevailed ; wainscots had been scrubbed and polished till the whole house reeked of bnepwax and turpentine to a degree that almost overpowered those per vading odors of damp and dry rot which can curiously exist together. The old furni ture hud been made as bright as faded fabrics and worm-eaten wood could bo made by labor; and the leaping light of blazing logs reflected on the black oak pannelliug gave a transient air of cheerfulness to tho spacious' dininsr parlor where Sir John and his daughter took their first meal in the old home. And if to Angela's eye, accustomed to the Italian lofti ness of the nob'e mansions on the Thames, the broad oak crossbeams seemed coming down upon her head there was at least an air of homely enugness in the low darkly-colored : room. At that first evening there bad been much to interest and engage, her. She had the o'.d house to explore and dim childish memories to recall. Here was the room where her mother died, the room in which she herself had first I seen the light — perhaps not until a month or so. after her birth, since the seventeenth century baby was not flung open-eyed into her birthday sunshine, but was swaddled and muffled in a dismal apprenticeship to life. The chamber had been hung with 'blacks' for a twelve- mouth, Reuben told her, as he escorted her over the house and unlocked the doors of disused rooms. Tho tall bedstead, with its red and yellow stamped velvet curtains and carved ebony posts, looked like an Indian temple. ' One inijrht expect to see Buddha squatting on the embroidered counterpane — the work of half a lifetime. When the curtains were drawn back a huge moth flew out of the darkness and spun and wheeled round the room with an awful humming noise and to the superstitious mind might have suggested a human soul em bodied in this phantasmal greyness, with power of sound in such excess of its bulk. ' 'Sir John never used the room after her ladyship's death,' Reuben explained, 'though it's the best bed-chamber. He has always slept in the blue room, which is at the furthest end -of the gallery from the room that has been prepared for madam. We call that the garden room and it is mighty pretty in summer.' In summer ? ? How far it seemed to summer time in Angela's thoughts. What a long gulf of nothingness to be bridged over; what a dull level plain to cross before June and the rose3 could come round again, bringing with them the memory of last^ummer and the days she had lived under the same roof with Fareham, and the evenings when they had sat in the same room or loitered ou the terrace, pausing now and then beside an Italian vase of gaudy flowers to look at this or that, or to watch the mob on the river ; and those rare golden days like those at Sayes Court, which she had spent in some excursion with Fareham and Henrietta. ' I hope madam likes the chamber we have prepared for her ?' the old man Baid, as she stood dreaming. ' Yes, ray good friend, it is verycomfortable. My woman complained of the' smoky chimney in her chamber ; but no doubt we shall mend that by -and -bye.' :'It would be strange if a gentlewoman's servant : didn't find something to grumble; about,' £n,id'. Reuben ; ? 'they have ever less work to do than anyone else* in- the. houso and ever . make more fuss than their mis tresses. I'll settle tile hussy; with madam's leave. 'Nay, pray, Mr. Reuben, no harshness. She iB a willing kind-hearted girl, and we shall find plenty of work for her in this big house where there are so few servants.' ' Oh, there'^ work enough for sure if she'll do it and is no fine city madam that will scream at sight of a mouse, belike.' ' 'She is a girl I had out of Oxfordshire.' 'Oh, if she comes out of Oxfordshire, from his lordship's estate, I dare swear she is a good girl. I hate your London trash \ and I think the trreat fire would have been a blessing in disguise if it had swept away most of such trumpery.' 'Oh, sir, if a Romanist were to say as much as that,' said Angela, laughing. 'Oh, madam, I am not one of they fools that say because half London was burnt the papishes must have set it on fire. What good would the burning of it do 'em, poor souls ? And now they are to pay double taxes, as if it was a sure thing their faggots kindled the blaze. I know how kind and sweet a soul a papish may be, though she do worship idols ; for I had the honor to ser\^ your ladyship's mother from the hour she first entered this house till the day I smuggled the French priest by the back stairs to carry her the holy oils. , Ah, she was a noble and a lovely lady. Madam's eyes are of her color; and, indeed, madam favors her mother more than my Lady Fareham does.' 'Have ycu seen Lady Fareham of late years ?' 'Ay, madam, she came here in her coach and six the summer before the pestilence, with her two beautiful children and a- party of ladies and gentlemen. They rode here from his Grace of Buckingham's new mansion by the Thames — Choelden, 1 think they call it; aud they do say his grace do so lavish and squander money in the building of it that belike he will be ruined and dead before his palace be finished. There were three coaches full with servants and what not. And they brought wine and capons ready dressed, and confectionery, and I helped to serve a collation for them iu the garden. And after they luid feasted merrily, with a vast qnantity of spark ling French wine, they all rushed through the house like madcaps, laughing and chattering, regular French magpies, for there was more of 'em French than English, her ladyship leading them, till sho comes to the door of this room and finds it locked, and she begins to thump upon the panels liUe a spoilt child, and calls 'Reuben, Reuben, what is your mystery ! Sure this must be the ghost chamber, open, open, instantly.' And I answered her quietly, ''Tis the chamber where that sweet angel, your ladyship's mother, lay in state, and it has never been open to strangers since she died.' And all in the midst of her mirth the dear young lady burst out weeding, and cried, '*' My sweet, sweet mother ! ' I remember the last 'smile she gave me a3 if it was vy ester- day.' And then she dropped on her lufccR find crossed* herself, and whispered a prayer with her face close against the door ; and I knew that she was praying for her lady mother, as the way of your religion is, madam, to pray for the dead ; and sure, though it is a simple thing, it can do them no harm, and to my thinking when all the foolishness is ta!;en out of religion the warmth and the comfort seem to go too ; for I know I never used to feel a bit more comfortable after a two hours' sermon when I was an Anabaptist.' 'Are you not an Anabaptist now, Reuben ?' 'Lord' forbid, madam. I have been a member of the Church of England ever since his Majesty's restoration brought the Vicar to his own again and gave us back Christmas Day, and the organ, and the singing- boys.' (To he continued.). 