Daring the rest of their stay at the tension Gutscb, Mr. Fane saw a good deal of the Allinghams. Honed by the con sideration that the artist was a man not unknown to fame, Mr. Allingham unbent towards him as much as so important a person could be expected to unbend, and even condescended to take a few excur sions, such as he had once declared he hated, in his new acquaintance's company. They parted in August—Mr. and Mrs. Ailing-ham to return to England, and the stately attractions of Dunscombe Hall, Nor folk, and Fane to make a climbing tour in the Tyrol. They left the Gutsch alto gether on the same day, jogging down the steep declivity for the last time in the odd Little cog-wheel car. "It is like coming down from heaven!" said Rose Allingham, looking wistfully up at the receding pine trees, bending to and fro like tall plumes on the height. " Let us hope we ere not going to the 1 rival region,'! " laughed Fane. " You like the Gutsch then, Mrs. Allingham ? " " Very mnch," she answered. "It is a fairly pleasant place for a short sojourn," said her husband, disparagingly. " Very monotonous, of course. I should never care to'go there again." | ' '"Wouldn't you ?'' murmured Rose, timidly.! " Oh, I should. "No doubt J" retorted her husband, with a hard smile. "But then, you see, I shouldn't." And he began to read a' London paper two days old, which had arrived for him that OoUfcig. . At Lucerne station they bad said good-bye to Fane, Mr. Allingham expressing bis bope in language that savoured more of command than entreaty, that tbe artist would under take his " commission" in October to sketch tbe various beauties of Dunscombe Hall. "As to terms," be said, loftily, "I think we need not mention them, as nothing of that sort will stand in your way or mine. Whatever yon choose to fix I shall very willingly agree to." j Tbe young man flashed a little, but said nothing. Shaking hands again with Mrs. Allingham, he presented her with a pretty bunch of Alpine blue gentians and edelweiss as a parting souvenir, and lifting his hat, remained uncovered till the train had steamed off. " If it were were not for her," he mused, I would see Dunscombe Hall and its priggish owner at Jericho before I'd go near either of them. As it is—well—I'll think about it." September passed in a glorious blaze of beauty and perfect weather; and by the timo Ootober was a week old, his." thinking about it" had resolved into a definite course of action. So that, on one solemn and Bhadowy evening, when the smell of falling I leaves was in the air, and the indefinable I melancholy of autumn darkened the landscape even as a sad thought darkens a bright face, fio was driven under the frowning and picturesque gateway of Dunscombe Hall, and up the flue but ratber gloomy avenue of indent elms that led to the stately building, rhe carriage had been sent to meet him at he station, and when he finally arrived ind got out of the door of the house, be was received by a dignified man servant in dark livery, who informed him hat Mr. Allingham had been obliged to 50 out for an hoar, bat that hits Allingham was "waiting tea" for him in the drawing room. To the drawing-room he was there lore shown; and such was the size and intique splendour of that vast apartment, :hat for a moment he could scarcely perceive iia young hostess, who at the announcement >f Ms name came forward to meet him. And nrhen he did realise her presence, such a shock if pain went through him that he could scarcely speak. The change wrought in her luring a space of barely two months was so grrible, that he could only stammer out some inintelligible words, press her small cold hand ind gaze at her wonderingly. She meaa vbile met his pitying, inquiring regard with i gentle patience in her own eyes. "I see," she said with a faint smile, "you ihink I am looking ill, don't you? Yes— ivetybody does. It is quite true I am not jell—I fancy sometimes this place "—and as ight shiver ran through her—"does not igree with me. It is very, very big "—here me laughed—" and I am very small. I am jure & little woman ought to live in a little bouse to be comfortable. But I have a very good doctor—bo kind and clever—he says it is only want of tone, and a little heart weakness —that's all. Come and have tome tea - there's a fire at this end of the room. She led the way to a sort of cosy corner, where light and warmth were concentrated near a tea table set out with Queen Anne diver and Sevres china, and sittiDg in a low :hair opposite her, Face watched her in com passionate silence. If she had looked a child before, she seemed more than ever one now—she had grown so thin and pale and fragile, that it seemed as If the merest puff of wind would blow her cut of existence altogether. Her. little bands, waxen white and delicate, were scarcely equal to the task of lifting the tea pot to pour out the tea, but as she busied her self with her hospitable duties, a faint colour came into her cheeks, and her eyes sparkled more brightly. "Isn't this a huge room?" she said, as she passed Fane liis cup. " It's meant for hundreds of poople, you know—people in powdered wigs and court suits. I don't think it accommodates itself to modern life at "It is indeed enormous!" and Fane glanced up and down and round about him. " The ceiling appears to be frescoed." ceiling appears i "Oh yes, it is wonderful. Quite horrid, in my opinion—but Mr. Allingham says it is, marvellous. Any number of fat goddesses and Cupids. You will see it much better by daylight. We have no gas in this room, because it would spoil the fresco—that is why it is always so dark." " To light it up we should have to put candles in all those four big Venetian chandeliers; and each one of them holds two hundred lights." "No economy in candles there!" said Fane, laughing. | "No, indeed! But, of course, wenever have j occasion to light it up—we never give parties; there are not enough people in the neigh bourhood to come to them if we did!." "How far are you from Sandringham ?" he inquired. " Oh, a long way. We are jnst con veniently out of the reach of everybody worth knowing, and everything that is going And she laughed, a trifle bitterly. " It must be rather dull at times," he said, studying her changed face attentively. "You should get some friends to come and stay with you—a jolly house party." " Oh, Mr. Allingham would never hear of such a thing," she said, quickly. "He can not bear to have a number of people about him. My mother came down for a short time in September, but she declared the house was damp and gave her rheumatism. She went back to London after about a week, and then I fell ilL" "What was the matter with you?" he asked sympathetically. She shrugged her shoulders.^ "All sorts of things—fainting fits, weak ness, nerves — di Here is Harold." She broke off her conversation with Fane directly her husband entered the room, and seemed to shrink into herself like a sensitive plant too roughly handled. Allingham him self was the -same as ever—irreproachable in dress, demeanour, and what is understood by a portion of society as " gentlemanliness." He greeted Fane with exactly the correctly measured air of cordiality—namely, that of the wealthy host and encouraging patron— and it was an air that galled the young artist's pride considerably, though he was care ful for Mrs. Allingham's peace and comfort, to show no offence. He certainly could not. complain of his entertainment. Ho had a suite of rooms to himself, and perfect liberty of action ; be breakfasted, lunched, and dined at a table appointed with the costliest luxuries; a carriage was at his disposal whenever he heeded it; and Mr. Allingham had, furthermore, given him the choice of any horse in his stables, should he care for riding. He bad engaged to make two dozen sketches of Dunscombe Hall from all the different points of view, and when once he began bis work be became almost entirely engrossed in it. The place was undoubtedly a fine object for any artist's study—its architecture was well nigh perfect, and all the surroundings were eminently picturesque though indubit ably of a solitary and melancholy character. He did not see as much of Mrs. AHingham as he could have wished; she was often a ling, and though she invariably exerted herself to appear at dinner, there were times when she was not equal even to the effort, aud her hus band, seated in solitary state at his glittering board, would make formal excuses for her absence. •* My wife is very young," he would ex plain, ponderously, "and is therefore inclined to give way to any trifling ailment. The doctor assures me she is suffering merely from a little want of tone, and the autumnal air depresses her; there is nothing' at all serious the matter." " She looks extremely ill," said Fane, im pulsively. "You think so?" and Mr, Allingham smiled indulgently. " I expect you are not accustomed to tbo ways of women; they put their looks on and off as easily as their gowns. La her present nervous condition of health it quite depends on Mrs. Allingbom's own humour as to whether she looks well or ill— it has nothing to do with any actually real organic mischief. ' Fane swallowed a glass of wine hastily to keep down the angry remark that rose to his lips, for the cold callousness of his host was almost more than be could bear. Reflecting quickly, however, that it was not his busi ness to interfere, and that the less he said the better for Mrs. Allingham, he was silent. "You have not tried your hand yet at the Haunted Mere?" inquired Mr. Alling ham, presently. "No. I—er—the fact is—I have not yet had time to go and look at it." . " True—you have been very mash occupied with the house itself," and Mr. Allingham nodded approvingly, " and your work is admirable—quite admirable! But 1 should suggest' your visiting the mere before the foliage quite falls, I fancy you will find it well worth your study." " I will go to-morrow," said Fane. . And on the morrow he went. He started early in the morning, one of the gardeners directing him as to which path to follow. When he came in full sight of the glittering sheet of water he conld scarcely refrain from uttering a try of rapture, it was so mystically beautiful; the deep solitude surrounding it was so intense and unbroken, that he no longer wondered at the reputation it had on being haunted. Grand old willow trees, with gnarled trunks and knotty stems bent above its glassy surface, and beyond it ia the distance the land rolled away in gentle undulations of green and brown, relieved here and there with a clump of stately rims, or a tangle of bright yellow furze. The place was so still that not even the twitter of a bird broke the breathless calm—and, powerfully impressed by the whole scene, Fane took a rapid pencil sketch in outline to begin with, his ultimate i tendon being to make a large picture of it, with a view to exhibition in one if the London galleries. Returning rapidly to the bouse, to finish what he bad com menced the previous day, he met Mrs. Alling ham walking slowly to and fro on the terrace. " Have you been to the * Haunted Mere? *" she asked, smiling. For a moment he could not speak. The pathos of her yonng face, the fatigue of her soft eyes, the listless expression of her very figure, all this went to his heart,. and mode him pity her as he had never pitied any woman. He felt her to be no more than a little tired oat child—a child, longing to he taken up in tender arms, and gently carried home. There was a slight tremble in his voice, as he answered with aa effort of play fulness— "Yes, Ihave seen the Mere, hut not the gboBt. Do you know, Mrs. Allingham, I begin to think yon must he the ghost—you look like one morning?" Dal ? I'm sorry. I hate to he ill—my hnshaPi doesn't like it. I wish I could get strong more quickly." "Arc you feeling worse then, to-day?" asked Fane, with a touch of real anxiety in his tone, which made her look at him in grateful wonder. "Oh, no," die said, "lam only a little 'run down,' as the doctor says, and weak. Harold declares it is all woman's nonsense, and think* I don't exert myself to get well; hut indeed I do. It is very .kind of you tc take so muflh interest " "Hindi" echoed Fane, almost irritably; then, looking ahont him to make sore then was no one in sight, he approached her xnor< closely. "Look here, Mrs. Allingham, d( forgive me if I seem officious or impertinent hut I can't help asking von this one question— are you quite nappy?" She glanced up at him almost affrightedly, and meeting his friendly eyes her own filled with sudden tears. "No, I am not," she faltered. "But it is wicked of me to say so, because you see it is quite my own fault. I ought to be happy— I hare eveiything I want." ' "Except—love I" said Fane in a half whisper, struggling mentally with the insane desire that had suddenly seized, him, to take this pale little child- woman in his arms, and show her what the tenderness of lovecouldhe. She looked at him almost reproachfully. "I think yon mistake," she said gently,, with a curiously sad, little, old- world air of dignity. " Harold loves me very much in— his own way. He is not of a demonstrative nature." Fane was silent. Presently she resumed in the same gentle accents, I "It is not his fault, indeed, it is nobody's fault that I do not feel as happy as I ought to do. It is something in my I own temperament, I fancy that perhaps I | am too young to be married; not in years I mean, but in feeling and education. Ton I see, being quite small and slight as I am, I i have always been treated as more or less of a child. Even when I came home from being 1 presented at the Queen's drawing- room, and fainted away all in a heap on the stairs, my mother called me a 'poor baby.' You re member what I told you at. the. Gutsch ? —how I had always imagined that married women must be big and fat, and important ? Well, really they are, as a rule, and I am so different! All the married ladies in this neighbourhood, for instance, look upon me as quite an absurdity." "Then they are very*impudent and ill bred." said Fane, hotly. : - " Ob, no, they're not," and* she laughed a little. " They come and call on regular days, and ask me if I am equal to the management ofsuchalargehousejDoInotfindtheservantsa great trial ? Have I a strong cons'titution ? One lady always ' surveys me mournfully through her pince-nez, and says, ' Tou' are very young to have secured such a magnifi cent establishment.' And that is quite true! Dunscombe Hall is magnificent—don't you think so?" . They paused on the terrace just at a point which faced the extensive left wing of the grand old pile. Carved escutcheons, flying buttresses and' heraldic ' devices were all thrown up into sharp prominence by the mellow rays of the autumnal noonday sun, and immediately opposite them :was the sculptured figure of a warrior-saint in a Gothic niche, festooned with clambering wild roses, whose delicate blossoms. surrounded and softened the statute's frigid aspect:of frozen prayer. - Fane shivered slightly. "YeB," he said in a tone of one who makes, reluctant admis sion, "It is a fine old place. Butita charac ter is distinctly melancholy. It is not a Beethoven ' Sonata,' or a Mendelssohn ' Lied'—it is one of Chopin's most mournful 'Nocturnes.'" Hose Allingham gave him a quick glance of perfect comprehension, but said nothing in reply. Moving in her light, bird-like way across the terrace, she gathered one of the roses that hung near the statue in the niche and gave it to him. He had scarcely taken it from her before; its leaves fell in a white fragrant shower at his feet. . She smiled a little forcedly. ."I was afraid of that,"sho said. "They are all on the very point of falling. I will not give yon another from that tree. This afternoon—or to-morrow—I will get you one from the rosery; they are in better condition there. Now I must not detain you from your work any longer; you want all the daylight possible. Have yon got this old stene saint in any of your sketches yet?' "Not yet," he answered, abstractedly, looking first at her and then at the petals of the fallen rose. • ' •! '•Oh, I hope you will put him in some- : where;" she exclaimed, almost playfully. "He is such a dear old thing! You seem quite melancholy over that wasted rose." " I am," he admitted. " I hate to see any beautiful thing perish." "Bat then so many beautiful things do perish," she said, with a musing regret in ner eyes. " One must get accustomed to that. You recollect your picture of the great pine-tree on the Gutsch split through by lightning? That suggested to me the ruin of a noble life. Well, all these little white roses that fall so easily at a touch, they are to me the emblems of just such a number of little lives; quite little lives, you know, of no actual use to anybody; only just pretty and fragrant and harmless, that at a rough touch or hasty misunderstanding drop to pieces, and sink into the ground unnoticed and unmissed. I believe each little rose has 1 own little secret Baduess." She smiled and waved her hand to him, and she moved away slowly and re-entered the honse. When she was quite out of sight Fane, moved by some odd sentiment which he could not himself analyse, picked up every one of the fallen rosepetals and put them in his pocket book. Then, he set about sketching the ancient sculptured saint, ^while the sun was stillbright on its weather beaten features and piously folded hands. The next day was the first of November, the Feast of All Saints. The weather was beautifully clear and warm, and Fane went out early, without even seeing his host and patron as usual, in order to profit by the clearness of the atmosphere and get a long day's steady work. When he returned in time for the late dinner he heard that Mrs. Allingham had been seized with a succession of fainting fits, and that the doctor had been sent for. Greatly disconcerted by this news he entered the dining-room full of eager and sympathetic inquiries, but found his host sc bland and calm, and so perfectly satisfied .that there was no cause whatever for anxietj as to his young wife's condition, that ho felt . _ it would'be deemed odd and out of place if he, as a visitor and " paid artist,1' had ex-: hibited any unduly great concern. "It is mcro weakness and nervous prostra-'. tinn," said Mr. Allingbam, drinking hia-v-^j j? fkmnsirrp wif]> fls hft finnkp. " mifl in - r'<i < champagne with relish as be spoke, " and in -..x% these cases fainting- fits are a relief rather ' than a danger. I am sorry Rose has allowed - herself to ran down in this way. I am afraid • ■'.$> it will necessitate iny goingwith her. to tho ^ seaside for a short time. -It would bo par- s ticnlarly inconvenient to me just now—bub if it must be done it must." . Pane could not speak. He gulped his food; t and wine down hastily with such a sense of-;^t| \ impotent rage as almost choked him. Ho ; « could scarcely bear to look at the composed, - - sleek, self-satisfied man beside him, attired as was his usual evening custom in irre- ; proachable dress-suit, starchy shirt, and white tic—he would have liked to knock him down and trample on him. As soon as dinner. -,1/•:.> was ended, ho left the room with:a muttered hasty excuse about "having letters to write," . and went out in the soft night air to smoko ; by himself and "cool down," as bo in-. :: wardly. expressed it, for his feelings were in a . . perfect tumult. Pityand anxiety for Mrs. - — Allingbam, and contempt for her husband, struggled for the masteiy in his mind ; and • he walked on and on through the grounds • under the light of a full moon, not heeding ■ where he was going to in the heat of his wrath • and excitement. . "I can't stand it!" be said, half aloud, at last. " I'll leave the place to- morrow I I can finish the sketches at home now, I've got: enough material to go upon. If I stay here any longer I shall come to fisticuffs with that egotistical prig, or—or—otherwise, make a - • fool of myself." A suddcu shiver ran through him; and. conscious of a certain dampness and unplea sant chill in tlie air, he stopped abruptly to see whitber he had come. To his amazement, right m front of hun - stretched the "Haunted Mere," glittering -7 like polished steel in the-'silver rays of the :V.<, moon. Something there" was in the weird y aspect of the still water and the twisted -. willows that impressed him with a sense of awe: and, as- though a cold hand had v -1^ been laid upon bis heart, bis anger died ! away into a dull, aching pain. He stood - like .one hypnotised, staring vaguely at the mere, disinclined to move, and scarcely / 'It capable of thought. ; And as ho remained thus, waiting for ho knew not what, lie saw ■ distinctly a pale shadow fall like the reflec- . - -.-:-} tiou of - a cloud across the shining width of ' • ^ water—a shadow that darkened slowly and . • • •'•ij grew, as it were, palpably into the shape of a, *. - small boat witb a curved and curiously lumi- .-v.;-: nous prow; straining bis eyes he watched, • every nerve in his body throbbing with fear. • ,\\\T~ The boat began to move out of shadow into moonlight, and as.it moved . it showed its • spectral, occupant—a woman's figure veiled completely in ' misty white; that stood . ;. _ vj erect and' waved . its arms, beckomugly ■:■>* towards the turret , of Dunscombe Hall. Beaching the very middle ot the mere, where -.-•£ the moonlight shone broadest and brightest,-..- .-. J the ghostly skiff paused on the water niofaon-v less. Again and yet again tho veiled phantom waved its arms appealingly, comnmndmgly ; J-vit*: then,', like ar wreath of mist or smoke,, it. vanished! • . • \- Released from the terrible tension of his. nerves, Fano uttered-a loud cry: it. was : -?-<j echoed among the dark woods aud answered by the mourmal hooting of owls. All at once he remembered the legend—that the ghost of - Dunscombe Hall was said only to appear •: when death threatened some member of tba - ■>£: family. "'7 ' \ My God!" be 'exclaimed, can it bo • 7^ And without waiting to think another moment,' he turned and ran, ran as though he were running a race for life, straight back to thehalL Breathlessly rushing through the dark antiquated porch, he jostled against a man coming out. "Mr. Allingbam'," he began. • . "I am not Mr. Allingham," said the - stranger, " I am Dr.'Dean." " The doctor ? Oh, then," and he leaned . back against a pillar of the porch to recover breath and equanimity; "Mrs. Alhngham 'Dead," said the doctor, gently. At the Mackay Police Court, Ramsey, a • Cingalese, for selling beer to a kanaka, was (says the Mackay Mercury of February 27) fined £20 and costs, or one month's imprison-' menfc. Ammit, a Cingalese, was also charged with selling beer to two South Sea Islanders. The case was proved, and defendant fined£20 , and costs, or one month. 