The Philharmonic Concert A Wet Night AN ENJOYABLE PROGBAMME. The Parramatta and District Philharmonic Society bad adverse conditions to put up with on Tuesday evening last — the night of the third grand concert of the Socicty. The day before, Monday, was very wet and stormy ; and, though Tuesday broke with a little more promise of fine weather, the officials were very I anxious as to the favors with whioh Jopitcr j Pluvius might ultimately endow their effort of this month. Bills were posted about town, statin*; that the concert would be given, ' wet or dry ' ; ? and then the rain came down 1 By tea-time, the showers were falling iteadily ; and the officials, who had acted ' all for tbe best' all through, were perhaps tempted, then, to think that, after all, the ' wet or diy ' notification had not been a first-class move. It was not to be expected nnder the circum stances, that a full house wonld greet the opening n amber of the programme. Nor did it ; although among those present were many of our best-known town and district people. For the night, we considered the attendance remarkably good. Of course, this feature of satisfactory attendance is to some extent accounted for, by the system on which tickets are issued to performers. -Still, there was in the fairlv large hoase, a oertain element of con gzaiolafeon in respect of theqaality of previous' ' Philharmonic ' efforts. The programme comprised four n ambers by the orchestra; several instrumental pieces ; solos ; and part songs and choruses. Tlie foar items alladea to were SbnbertVBosamunde ' ; Rossini's ' Barbier de Seville ' ; the familiar 'Caliph of Bagdad ' ; and an arrangement of Verdi's Trovatore mnsio (from the pen of IVihnieV Tho laat tern MtitrVit An wfth ths, audience to the greatest extent; though all evidenced the effects of carefnl training and intelligent study by members of the orchestra. The honours went — as they always do where even work is present—in aooordanoe with the amount of character, and ' eloqnence,' in the masfc. This point was folly dealt with in a; notice of a former concert; and the relative appreciation of the foar different items, as felt by the audience, and reflected in the oompli ments they bestowed apon the performers, shoald mean more than eaflieient to impress i the point upon the executive of the- society. The vocal numbers were introduced wiin the . trifle ' Yoo stole my love,*' whIolT'~~ was i nicely given by the Society. It is the fashion - in some circles to open with something 'blonde' and Blender; ' bat oar opinion is — and always has been- that the sooner the andienoe uds its beart '-ttbted, the better for ail concern ea. u ib doi conventional, per naps; ?bat it would be t4human nature' in music, and that, would be something worth expert Lmentlng yith. Tbe /strictly conventional as ptat of Aese. matters is always varying; but Yuooessinart is always the same— a sympa 4hetio appealing to the best in human nature. Therefore U is, tbat we prefer, In matters like ^v4ooal Grand' Conoerts— which are never £tttlolsed^ '.j'ltotaK .the -purely classical and ferfitfmil'ptondpolots, and. wblch ore appreei attWL^inoit^^Hielr 'hearts and' ' human- Sfe ^Tispeotsr^o find ihe^sformere carry ^ng ^heb'' ^dienoe ^rith tbemat the earliest for - all the artistes^ RKISwil®' to he satisfied ; hot, ?' treUe ot the people,' we tiie sjrmpathlea of those they cater for : and that we give them, in so far ae the possible permits. A measure of soul was introduced into the first half of tbe programme by Mrs. Pearoe's admirably rendered solo ' When the Tide i comes in.' The lady was in good voice, and I the bell -like effect of her sinking and the I path oe and expression she brought to bear in I the number captivated all present What was proved by tne lady's success was this : a : little of what Is locally— and often erroneously i -called classical tnusio is hardly ever mis I placed : but the backbone of an entertainment | —if enjoyment on the part of the listeners be aimed at — mnit be aomethins that makes the eyes moist, and the poises beat hurriedly, aod tne very nature thrill. Mr. A. Virtue, who was' suffering from the husk; effects of a cold, manfully tackled bis number ' Why those sad tears and as the last tuneful tones died away tbe listeners testi fied with ready applause their appreciation of his successful efforts. Misses Doyle and Moseley, and Messrs. Garland and Barkitt sang the quartette, ' Lo, tbe early beam of morning ' (Balfe), and after other numbers — noticed in oar earlier lines — the Sooiety gave the Villagen' chorus (from the opera ' Dioorah.') An interval of ten minutes waa then an nounced. — which might have beenmade of five minutes, without any great Inconvenience to the audience (seeing tbat the hall was draughty and the night very cold). Part II. was commenced, therefore, with many a shivering mortal counting the minutes which bad to elapse before the Kntional Anthem would be song—an unfortunate state of affairs,^— especially when the best of the wine was to come at the end of the feast. The orchestra warmed op to their work with the overture number, ' The Caliph '; and its win ning beauties drove all thoughts of inconveni ence away in a few seconds. The part song, 'Eldorado ' (Pinsnti) exhibited more life and colour than had been noticed in earlier num bers ; and, as the vocalists did their work I faithfully, the audience enjoyed the rendition. It is no reflection on the singers to say here what might have been said in reepect of earlier choruses : To those who have followed the musical treats of the last XO or 12 years in this town, it seemed that there struck on the senses the marked absence ot one familiar strong lead, among the male voioes ; and the pathos of the sad memory tinged, perhaps, many a floating thought, as the ghosts of pest experi ences came crowding back upon the listeners' brains. Mr. E. J. Brown, the energetic society secre tary, was encored for hie ' Guiding Light.' He introduced the ' toach of nature which makes the whole world kin,' when he bowed bis ack nowledgments of the compliment in a fashion that strangers might have interpreted as the protest of a man who found himself under cir cumstances thai emphatically barred bim from the luxury of speaking his mind. What he meant, it is not very easy to guess ; probably he woold have been better satisfied with a measure of applause tbat had not meant an absolute re -call. However, the ' incident ' was one of those which the rank and file of the society sUways delight in ;and, where they have worked so hard— few their own good, and the delectation of the public— who should deprive them of a little honest fan (eveu though it be not a set item on the programme). The ' M agio- wove scarf ' was to have been given by Miss Klink and Messrs. Fairweatber and Garland. Miss Klink was absent, owing to the undesirable possession of a ' cold,' and Mr. E. J. Brown apologised for the lady, and the item was omitted. Mr. W. Maling had an opportunity to show his power as a violinist in the solo 'Eligie,' (Mr. G. O'Sbea playing a pianoforte accompaniment) ; and the house paid a warm compliment to the gifted young fiddler at the close of tho number. Misses Moseley and Booth and Messrs. Virtue and Pearce were enoored for ' Calm be thy slumbers,' which fact in itself was quite an other eloquent treatise on the truth, that given fairly good treatment — more depeods upon the appropriate nature of the music than on many another condition. Last of the orchestra's performances, came the g?m of the evening ( — not taking into consideration Mrs. Pearce'E success) — the' Trovatore 'music. The cornet and flute effects were splendid ; though qaite as much, oerhaps, ought to be said of the clarioocts and the ' strings.' Had the pro gramme contained nothing dee, the third con cert of tbe Philharmonic would have bees a success. T|ie audience was mightily phased. The evening's enjoyment was closed with the cboras, ' Gipsy Life ' given with spirit by the society members. Misses Bill and Bargin officiated as accom panists with pronounced success ; and Mr. Wattcrs conducted most efficiently. To him very mnch credit is doe. 