TIE umi CRAFTSMAN, 1 ""i. 1 I—." .-I—... i i ,i . . , now eirst published; By Sir WAITEE BESANT, M.A., ' Author of " jILL SORTS AND CONDITIONS OF MEN," HERR PAULUS," "THE ' WORLD WENT VERY WELL THEN," "THE HOLY ROSE," "" \- "IN DEACON'S ORDERS," &o;„ &o.; all rights reserved: CHAPTER XX.— fContinnodA I What I thought," 1 replied, sloivly. when I came here was that I might learn the business from you, and that . I might then take my small capital, wmcn is no more than three thousand , pounds, and start as a boat-lmildei' in one of the 'colonies — British Columbia, , for example, wherever 1 could lind an opening. That was my plan, subject to my mastering the mysteries of the, , craft." "You have mastered most of tliem, > and you are a first-class hand already. But you 'can hardly be trusted yet in the buying and selling." "Since I've kept tlio books for you I've learned something of that as well." "Yes. But you can't run alone yet. ' . -However, that part of it might be man aged. Now for my plan. You've got a good pile, and you call it so little. It's a good deal more than I shall want. Give lip the Idea of a colony. Settle here In the old place — you can go on liv ing in tlio old house if you like; and bo- , coine my partner— tlie managing part ner. You sliall buy 'your share. Don't think that I want only to get your money .though that will be of tlie great est use to me. You shall make your solicitor examine tlie books — for that matter you have tlie books already in your hands, and he will toll you what , you ought to offer -if you enter tnlu the proposal. Come. Bnrnikel and Burni- ,kel it lias always been called. There were once two cousins 111 It before they ciiini-relled over the old man's diamonds Let there be two cousins in it again. Robert and George — they were once. Robert and George they will be again." I-le got up from the liench. "You .want time to decide," he snid. "Don't ' press yourself. Take as much time, as you like. I will advise you in . any . difficulty, but I can no longer tliinlc for the business. You will have to do that. Turn It over in your mind and tell me when you have deckled." ,, So he got . up and left mo. Then the men. came back from their dinner, and tlie work went on again. The most remnrknble part of the pro posal was that we were actually going to reverse the situation, to change places. I was to give up chambers, clubs, friends, society and everything that belongs to the class in which I had been' brought up. As I bad no fortune \- that was inevitable. But I was to put \- my cousin in my place; lie would give up liis business, hitherto bis livelihood, ; and take my place and belong to the ; world. And I was to take lils place down in this deserted city of ware- horses, where, except the 1 clergy _Qf the parish and myself, there would be no single .resident who by any stretch of imagination could cnil .' himself of the gentle class. Ninety years ago two cousins, Robert and George Bnrnikel,' were partners; after all these years tAvo other cousins. Robert and George Bnrnikel, were to become partners again. Ninety years ago Robert and George parted. Robert stayed at the yard. George went Avest. Is'oav this situation was reversed. George was to stay at the yard. Robert Avas going Avest. CHAPTER XXI. ' Then came the second opportunity. It was three aa'oous after the first. The oceasipn Avas the first reading— or Avas ' it the second?— of ' a bill for the pro hibition of more tlimi five— or aa'iis it fifty?— hours' labour fri tlie day, or something to tlint effect. For my OAvn \- part I concern myself about Acts of Parliament only Avlien they bring the ' tax gatherer to the door with Ids little piece of paper. It is n remarkable cir- : cumstance in this highly political country that our politics are most limit ed to getting one man in, and that avc care very 'little, when lie Is once In, what he does or what anyone else does. If you doubt this allegation, listen to tlie talk in tlie, train, or where men gather together. HoAvever, Ave knew it was coming,' and Robert got me a seat in tho Speuk- er's Gallery, Avliere I sat during tlie questions Avltli as much patience as I could command. Tlie gallery Avas not . crowded; the strangers were people up from the country, with a few Ameri cans. Thoy had opera glasses, and whispered the names of tlie members whose faces tliey knew. The House of Commons Is one of the sights of Lon don, which is the reason why so few I Londoners ever go to it." :As for tho House of Lords, I Avonder Iioav many Londoners have over seen, that august body in deliberation ? Tlio bill Avas introduced with a soine- Avliat short and self-excusing speech, I Avish I could remember what tlie bill really proposed. Not that it mattered, lioAVCA'er. As the subject was not at tractive tlie House rapidly thinned. There, again, Ave are tlie most, political people in the world, but tlie moment a subject is introduced which deals Avith tlio realities of life, tlie Avolfare of tlie millions, tlie ease of tlio unemployed, the rule of India, the agricultural de pression, the safety of the empire, the condition of the uaA-y, the weakness of the army, tlie departure of trade, the silver question, the House is SAviftly and suddenly thinned or einptlod. I suppose the reason is that tlie human brain can only stand a certain -amount of dull speech, and that these subjects generally fall into the hands of dull and uninteresting speakers. I really do not knoAV Avlint this speaker said. Pre sently lie sat dOAvn. Then Robert arose, I think I AA-ns more anxious about, his success than ho was himself. He was perfoctlycalm and self-possessed ;in liis hand he held a small bundle of papers, a striking presence, and he began speaking sloAvly. with monsured phrase and Avitli liis rich musical a-oice which at once commanded- attention. Of all the gifts of oratory the most useful is a rich and flexible Aroice. Then Ids first speech of three weeks ago. hoav almost forgotten, Avas again remembered; and the House became quickly filled again. As I hare forgotten what the bill Avas about; and us I paid no attention to tho first speaker's introduction of the bill; and as I concentrated my atten tion to tlie style of Robert's oratory and to the effect It produced, "without tlie least reference' to the mutter, I can not reproduce for you tlie substance of Ills speech. You limy find it in Han sard; in fact, you are' sure to find it in Hansard if you choose to look. You Avill also lind it worth reading. He spoke oil a labour question, from his OAvn point of vicAy, ns one avIio aa-iis at once a craftsinnii and an employer. "I am myself," lie said, Avltli the prkle of a duke hud the appearance of a gentle man of ancient lineage. "I urn myself, a Muster Craftsman." Then lie proceeded, from liis oaa-u ex perience, and from quotations from Blue Books, to marshal liis facts, and to set forth his arguments. I .did not listen; itwas enough for mo to let tlmt rolling music of Ills voice play, about my ears; and to watch its effect upon tlie faces boloAV. Gould lie grip those faces? I-Ie could. Could lie move those faces? He could. The avcrnge Par liamentary face is singularly cold. One might as aarell expect that one Avavo out of all the others Avould move a hard rock. Yot Robert moved that rocky face. Could he make those faces smile? I-Ie could. He had taught himself the lesson— the most, difficult, for some men to learn— tlint a speaker should be- able to amuse; he related gently, humorous anecdotes, so tlint tlio House bubbled with rippling- laughter, which Is l'nr more delightful than tlie. broad roar at more comic strokes. Robert aa'oulcl certainly never become the comic man of tlie House; but lie might become one of the .humourists.' And this was a neyv development. Who would liavc imagined, three' months be fore this, that the . grimly-iu-eariiest young man, avIio was going to thunder liis gospel into tlie unwilling cars of the I-Ionse until lie conquered it, and laid it at liis feet, had become one of those avIio' could treat the most serious sub jects l'rom a liumoi'oiis point of vieAAY and convince by laughter wliore he Avoukl have failed by indignation? I think, not being a critic, that Ro bert, like Mr. Gladstone, possessed the Avonderful gift of being able to Invest- tlio baldest facts and the most intricate figures Avitli Interest and charm'. Like a novelist he made tliein personal. I-Ie connected figures avR.1i men, and brought facts into toneli with human-, ity. And this lie did; ns it seemed,' spontaneously, without effort, or any appeal-mice of lecturing. In the House of Commons a man must iiot bo a lec turer, but au orator. Tlie lecturer Is necessarily a critic or a teacher. As lecturer, Avltliout Imagination, he ex plains carefully how the orator, tho poet, the novelist, the dramatist, pro- duces his effects. He knows exactly, and can tell all the Avorhl Iioav it is done— the trick of It. Yet lie cannot produce tlie tiling himself. Therefore lie is of no use in the -House. Tlio ora tor, poet, dramatist, novelist, on tlie other hand, produces these effects con tinually. Yet ho cannot toll you Iioav lie does it. Robert;, then, had, this gift of making tilings attractive. Ho -spoke for an hour or more. The members remained in respectful silence until ho worked tliem up into producing their signs ol' approbation, of AA'lileli tlie House is noA'or eliary when it is moved. When ho sat dOAvn it Avas Avitli tlie pleasing consciousness that lie had at least made the House for the second time ask Avlietlicr they had actually got another- coming man. The speech, in fact, produced a a'ory marked im pression. Some of tlie papers quoted It, and made It tlio subject of loaders. A foAV days aftenvnrds lie spoke again and again , as- a mail of personal ex perience ns a master craftsman. His experiences Avoro Interesting and effee- tiA-e. And a third time, mid a fourth, but ahA'nys when he had something to say that -ought to be said. Lady Frances gave a dinner-party— a political dinner— at Avliich sonic of "tlie heads of tlie party Avere present. And she invited Robert. Among her guests Avns old Lord Caerleoii, to AVhom lie had already been introduced. It Avas a large party, and Robert's place Avas dOAvn beloAV among tlie younger men, avIio Avere civil to him. But, of course, in tlie. conversation it was im possible for him not to feel that he Avas nu outsider. After dinner, howeyer, Lord Caer leoii again talked Avitli liim apart. He talked as one Avho knoAA's the game, and as one avIio has played it, and now looked: oil ratlicr tired of it. "I have read your speeches, Mr. Bur nikel," lie said, much as a schoolmas ter may speak of a boy's set of verses. "As reported they Avere fair. I am told that they produced— alii some effect upon the House. It is said that you have a good delivery and a good voice. Is that so?" "It is so," said Robert, calmly. "I Ii.ta'o a. good voice, by nature; and a good delivery, by art." "Yes." 'Lord Cae'rleon looked' just, a little astonished at a young man avIio thus Immodestly claimed these gifts. "A good voice is a groat tiling. You have begun aa-gII, Mr. -.Burnikel. But a good -beginning, in the House, counts for nothing. Tlie House is filled, to mo, with tlie ghosts of men avIio, in my recolleetioii, made a good begin ning." "I have made a good beginning, Lord Caerleoii; and, with your permission, I intend not to become a gliost at all." "Very good. Very good indeed. But, Mr. Burnikel, Iioav are you going to get on? Permit me— I. understand l'or some mysterious reasons of your own you still wish to be considered an in dependent member. You told me so, if I remember rightly, In this house two or three Aveeks ago." "That . is so. I am returned by. my constituents as an independent mem ber." "I don't tliink it matters much what they think. But I suppose you talked tlie usual stuff— voting to order, no conscience, changing opinions, and the rest of it." "All the rest of it," said Robert quiet ly. 'i "Of course you did; Now then, Mr. Burnikel,. let us go into tlie question of party for a feAV minutes— not the whole question of party, on Avhieli you have roiicl— or ought to have rend— your Constitutional I-iistory— but that part of tlie question that affects you person ally." "You do me great honour." "I talk to you, sir, because I think that' you may possibly— I don't knoAA' — turn out aii acquisition to either party. Otliei'aa'tSe, of-course, one cannot at my age, and Avitli my experience, pretend to take the least interest in tlio ave rage member. I take the personal side, then. You propose, I believe, to make a career in politics?" "I do." "Lady Frances tells me— yon told me so yourself, if I remember rightly— that you are extremely ambitious. I am pleased to bear it. L ell, you cannot be too ambitious. Nothing does a young man so much -good. It is impossible to be too ambitious. It Avas my oavii great happiness, for example, to be born Avitli enormous ambitions, wliieli" have been gratified, yet not satiated— iiot satiat ed. Get me a chair; I think I aa-ill sit down.. So— tliank you. Ambition," lie went on, "tlie desire for personal dis tinction—is one of the finest gifts that a boy can receive. I ahvays bad it. You Avould, I daresay, -if Ave Avere to compare symptoms, and If you Avere dissected, present the same phenome na. Therefore, you may suppose that Avliat you Avere as a boy that I was too— Avitli such differences as the acci dents of birth, aud perhaps position, may have caused. For your encour agement. sir, I aa'ill tell you that my rise in the House Avas not duo to any family influence. I aa-as tho son of a country clergyman, and, like your cou sin, Sir George— an excellent young mnn if lie possessed any ambition— the grandson of a judge. There Avas very little money in tlie family; but enough for ine to get into the House. And my highest ambitions have been gra tified, but not satiated. Believe mo, sir, the ambitious man enjoys tlie win- ning of every step— one after the other; lie is never satiated; lie can newer say 'enough.'" "Well, sir," said Robert, "you have never had occasion to regret having embarked upon this splendid career." "Certainly iiot. If I were to be offer ed the choice once again, I Avould choose tho same career." (to be continued.) 