Menelik, King of Shoa. I. Morelli, who has explored the Harrar, Shoa, and Gallas countries, has been giving the Paris correspondent of the Daily News his impression of Menelik, King on Negus of Shoa. He knows him well, thinks him able and unscrupulous, and likely to make the country he rules over the Prussia of East Africa. Menelik is always buying guns, and has been for the last 12 years. He asks Europeans whom he receives to be seated on armchairs kept on purpose for them. He swears by Gonghis Gueitai and Mikael Gueitai, or St George and St Michael, the patrson of Shoa, is afraid of ghosts, and stands in awe of monks and hermits. The king wears a broad-brimmed Panama hat, or a white felt hat of the same shape. , Beneath it is a light stuff bound round the head and tied in a bow behind. His over garment is a wide mantle of black silk. shaped like the Arab bournous. Menelik used to be very fond of watches and other timepieces. The mecha nism interested him, but he cares less now. All his habitations are on high hills. His seat of justice is under a wide- spreading tree on the hill top at Ankoboer. The Royal Guebi at Antolo is on the top of a small plateau, from which he can see a great dis tance. Close to it is a church dedicated to Miriam. The position is regarded as im pregnable. A European architect built there a very pretty villa for Menelik faced with glazed tiles, but the monks persuaded the King that he would be unlucky from the day he went to live there in it and that they feared thunderbolts would fall on it. Queen Taiton manages to obtain European gowns. Menelik is her sixth husband. Widowers are not free to re-marry in Shoa, but widowers are. Menelik be believes that Shoa is rich in gold, and is thinking of developing the culture of coffee. An important personage in the Royal GOuebi is Gabriel Gobano. He speaks Russian, German, Italian, French, English, and Arabic, and is Menelik's interpreter. The Queen was not favourable to him until he married in church her first dresser, who is also her con fidential maid. 