[?] TGHAPTEJl XIL— fCJpntiJinea.) ' ''Come to' 'What?' repeated Miss Forrest. ! ' T Will not eaiy,' replied Voltaire. 'I will not wbupd your tender nature; I will not tell you a tale Jo£ Villainy; I will not cause a rip* ; pie. on the even etream of your life. Retire to rest, gweet lady, and think that what I, have said Is a dream.' '♦Villainy!1 tried she. 'Tell me what it is. I Yes, there is villainy, I think.^ I will be an | ewered! Tell me the truth!' i [ 'Even Voltaire was cowed by her words.! He etood and looked at her for ia minute as^ I if in doubt what to do. Then he burst out I . passionately — I ? *ifYes, I will answef yoii. I will tell you I now what all the world* must know tomor I row. I had hoped to spare your feelings, but I the tone of your demand makes, me speak/ I *':'He has no proof of wfiat:he is going to I eay,' I said. ' -,''?'.'.'.- I ? *' 'Proof!' cried Voltaire. ? 'There is suffl I cient proof for an EJnglish court of law, and I that law is terribly hard on murderers.' I ' 'Murderers!' -cried Miss Forrest. 'What I do you mean?' I . ''This!' cried Voltaire. 'You saw Kaffar I challenge Mr. Blake in the drawing-room?' I ' 'I saw him. insult lli\ 'Blake. I saw that I Mr. Blake xefrained from eruehing him be I neath his he^l.like a reptile. I saw that!' I fehe cried excitedly. I ''Just so!' said Voltaire. 'Then Kaffar I went out, and Mr. Blake went after Mm.'. I ' 'After him! Where?' I ''Mr. Temple and I did not like the look I on his face, and we followed him. I traced I his footeteps along the high road for a long I while, and then we -lost sight of them. We I knew not where to go, when Mr. Temple I thought he heard voices away in the distance. I We went in the direction of the sound, and I came to Drearwater Pond.' I ' 'Drearwater Pond? That terrible place I to which we rode the other day?' I ♦- «rrhe same, gentle lady.' I ' 'And then?' I ' 'When we came there We found Mr. Blake in a reclining position, with a bloody knife in his hand. . I ^recognised it as belong- ( ing to Kaffar. I saw something lying on the ground, and, on pieking^it up, found, it to be | a scarf Which Kaffar had 'been wearing this I very night. It was twisted and soiled, and j on it were §pdts of blood.' .Footmarks were j to 'be seen on the edge of the deep pond, indi cating a struggle; but. Kaffar was nowhere ? to be seen.' - ' . m ' ' 'It cannot be! It cannot be!' said Miss Forrest 'But what then?' ' ' ' *I asked Mr. Blake questions. I accused j him of many things, but he denied nothing.' ' 'Denied nothing?' ' 'Nothing, Miss Forrest He tacitly ad mitted everything. I wish I could think ! , otherwise; but, oh, I am afraid my friend, my j only friend, lies murdered at the bottom of i Drearwater; Pond, and murdered by Mr. ! Blake.' ' 'It cannot be!' cried Miss Forrest 'Mr. . Blake could never, never do so. There Is some mistake.' I 'He took something from his pocket .which was wrapped hi a handkerchief. He remov ed this wrapping, and there revealed the knife you held in your hand. ' 'This blood cries out for vengeance,' he said; 'ay, and it shall be avenged too.' 'She gave a scream, as if in pain. 'Why, what will you do?' she cried. , ' 'Were I hi Egypt, my vengeance would be speedy,' he said, his light eyes glittering; 'but ' I am debarred from that here. Still, there is, -a means of vengeance. Your. English law. is stern. To- morrow the whole country shall j -Shudder because of this dark deed, and to- i morrow night that man; Justin Blake, shall I sleep in a felon's cell.' , . I ''No, no!' she cried. 'Not that Have mercy.' .-- - ' 'Yes, yes!' he -said, his voice husky with passion. 'What mercy did he have upon my friend? I will have vengeance, and my ven* geance is' jusr. Try as I jaight, I could not help shuddering at this. A felon's cell! My name mention ed with loathing! 'Twas too horrible.- I tried to conquer myself, however, and to tell Tom to go on with his recitaL He continu ed— ' ' 'Does any one know of these things be sides you two? she said at length. \- '.' 'No,1 replied Voltaire.- ' 'No one has had a chance of knowing.' ' Tom stopped in his recital, as if he would rather not tell what followed. 'What next, Tom?' I cried eagerly. 'I am thinking whether it is fair to her to fell you, and yet it is night you should know.' 'What was it Tom?' 'She threw iierself down on her knees be fore us, and besought us to keep the matter In our own hearts. ,''.It is not -true!' she cried; 'Mr. Blake would never do such a thing. There is some mistake. ;Promise me no word shall be ut tered as to this. Mr. Kaffar has left, as he eaid, and gone back to Egypt Why, then, ehould such a terrible suspicion be aroused? I will answer; for Mr. Blake's innocence.' . ' 'You answer, Miss Forrest?' cried Vol taire. ? 'Nay, you cannot I would I could be merciful, but it must not be. My friend's spirit would haunt me from town t6 town and land to land.' . /'Mr. Temple,' she cried to me, 'you Will not tell, will you? You will not spread each a deceptive atory about?' » ' 'No,* I replied, 'I will not Like you, I think there must be a mistake. My friend Justin could never do this.' ' 'There,' she cried to Voltaire;, 'there's only you to be silent. Do it for my sake!' ' I could not ihelp feeling a great throb pf Joy in my heart at this. I was sure how that 6he loved me. I could bear anything after hearing those words. I was happy in spite ef the terrible neit that was woven around me. ;v,,' 'For, -ypaCvSakji,': said Voltaire— 'for your cake I could do. almost anything. For your sake. I.cpuld give »p home, friends,. happiness, ; life. Yes, I say this, here, in -4he presentee of my friend Temple- I could forego anything for you. i 'Wiould sacrifice fatter and mother for yon.' ' I gave a great start 'Justin, that man trembled vBie a leaf. His face 'became ashy pale; his terrible eyes be camie' brighter than ? iever. ' 'You ask me too much,' he continued. -'You ask me to give Tip, what is now the dearest plyect of iny life— except one. But, ah! I am an Eastern. I am selfish; I cannot sacrifice disinterestedly. There is only one thing for which I can give up my scheme of ven geance.* ' 'Tell me what it Is,' she cried. ' 'Ah, sweet lady, J dare not tell; and yet I must ^It is-,you. Be my wife, Miss For zfest; let me call yon Sy your name, and I will W&e; the blood from this knife, I will destroy every evidence of*43ie dark tleed. Jnstin Blake shall not lie'3n a. prison cellf Ms name xhall not lie a synonym far devilry; lie shall not b.e mentioned w$ij) loathing.' ' *'And -what then?' 'J cried. 'What was bet answer?' - - ^ ?^n, she Io6ked atjdm with loathing, but he did loot see it -1- *' 'Be your wife?' ahe'fald. *' 'My wife, Miss Foreest,' Tie replied. 'Love cannot be greater than mine. X love the veiy ground on which ^you walk. Be my wife and J will be yonr^siave. Your e very- desire shall be granted, and I will give up that' 'Which is dear to me.' ' 'And if I will not?' «he said. ?*' 'Ah! if you will not Then— ah, I am an Eastern, and -cannot give np everything. If I cannot have love. I must have vengeance.' ''But you have made a mistake. JSTqut friend is alive. It is absurd to think that j&r.; Blake Is, guilty of such a deed.' 'He^polnted with a trembling hand to the ttoodv knife. ! : ' 'I can have no 'stronger proof ihan that' he. said,, 'and tfaat^blpodj cries ; out tor ven geance now.' ...-?''.* ??? ' ~ ~ . ~y ' 'Oh, -I eannoji'she-agaia, 'I cannot' ' ''You refuse 'me?' he said ^aniegy. '*I must, I must' she' cried. ' 'It cannot be!' . ?? ' . ' . '...-..? . ..-.;. 'He went to the wrijhig-aesk that stood near by, and commenced writing. *If a poor Eastern cannot have love, he can still have vengeance,' he said. : . ' 'What are you writing?' she cried, , ''I am writing a letter to the superinten dent of the nearest police station, telling him to come with some mejd to Temple Hall . to arrest a murderer.' .'?-.-?? ' 'Have you no mercy?' she said. ' 'Mercy, lady. Only ''. the Great Spirit above knovfs'what i;h^dinadg'up my mmd to ,giye up, -wheii I.^otj-yoa-Jhte condition on which I would be silent. I lbvedjny. friend as Jonathan loved David, and he is dead-^ murdered by an enemy's hand. Vengeance is one of the sweetest thoughts to an Eastern, and I meant to be avenged. You begged for, his life, and I offered it— for your lore. I asked you to marry me — me who would give up- everything for you; but you refused- I grieve for you, lady; but since I canot have love, I must have revenge.? ? 'He went on writing,' while Miss Forrest clasped her hands as if ia prayer. 'I am relating this very badly, Justin. ? I cannot remember many of the things that were said; I cannot call to mind alf the ges tures, the tones of voice,.or-the awful anguish which seemed to possess them both. I can only give you a scrappy account of -''? what ' passed.' ? I remembered Tom?s powers of memory, however, for which he had always been re markable at school, and I knew that the ac count he gave me was jiot far from . correct,, and I begged him to go on. 'At length she turned to me again,' con tinued Tom. ' 'I . am going to .show,' she said, 'that I believe Mr. Blake innocent You asked me for love; that I cannot give you, I do not love you, I never shall love you; but such is my belief in Mr. Blake's innocence that I promise you this: if he is not proved to be guiltless within a year, I will marry you.' 'He leapt to his feet, as if to embrace her. rvu, but; emu, juu nave uui utauu -ui iuj conditions. Within that year you are not to see me or communicate with me.' ' 'Buf he cried, 'if Kaffar is dead, if these terrible evidences of murder are real, then in a year— say next Christmas Eve; 'twas on Christmas Eve we first met in England— then you will promise to be my wife?' '''I promise.' ' 'And your promise shall be irrevocable?' 'She turned on him with scorn. 'The pro mise of a lao*y is ever irrevocable,' she -said. ' 'Ah!' cried Voltaire,, 'love is a stronger passion than vengeance, and my love will win yours.' ' 'Meanwhile,' she went on, without notic ing this rhapsody, 'if you breathe one word or utter one sound by which suspicion can fall on Mi\ Blake, my promise is forfeited; if you stay here after to-morrow, or attempt to see me within this and. next Christmas Eve, my promise is lilso forfeited.* ' 'What, am I to leave you at once?' ' 'At once.' 'He left the room immediately after,' said Tom, 'while, after saying 'Good night' to me, she too retired to her bedroom.' To say that I was astonished at the turn things had taken would not give the slightest idea of my feelings. And yet a great joy filled my heart The sword of Damocles, which seemed to ihang over my head, possess ed no terror. 'Is that all, Tom?' I said at length. 'This, morning, as I told you, he arranged for Kaffar's luggage to be sent to Egypt, while he 'himself is preparing to depart.' 'Where is he going?' 'To London.' . ? \ 'And Miss Forrest?*' 'She, I hope, will stay with us for some time. But, Justin, can you really give no ex planation of these' things? Surely you must be able to?' 'I cannot, Tom. I- am hedged hi on every side. Fm enslaved, and I cannot tell you how. My life is a mystery, and at times a terror.' 'But do you know what has become of Kaffar?' 'No more than that dog barking in the yard. All is dark to me,' Tom left me then, while I, with my poor tired brain, tried to t^iny what 'to do. CHAPTER XnL I found on entering the breakfast room that my presence caused no surprise, neither did any of the guests regard me suspiciously. It had gone abroad that I had gone out to find Kaffir, but was unable to do so; and as Vol taire had publicly spoken of Kaffar's luggage being sent to Cairo, there was, to them, no mystery regarding him. Several spoke of his going away as being a good riddance, and declared him to be unfit for respectable society; but I did not answer them, and after a while the. subject dropped. Voltaire, however, was not In the room; and when, after having breakfasted, I was won dering where he was, I felt the old terrible sensation come over me. I tried to resist the influence that was drawing me out of the loom, but I could not I-iput on my, overcoat and hat, and, drawn on by' an unseen power, I went away towards the fir plantation hi which the summer-house was built. . As I knew I should, I found Voltaire there. He- smiled on me and lifted his hat politely. 'I thought I would allow you to have a good breakfast- before summoning yon,' he Tsaid, 'especially as this is the last conversation we shall have for some time.' I thought I detected a look of triumph in his eyes, yet I was sure he regarded me with intense hatred. ? 'Yes,' I said, 'I am come. What is your will now?' : 'This. * I find that Mr. Temple has told yoji about an interview which was held in the library last night.' 'Yes; it is true,' 'Do, you know of 'what you ate in danger?' ? 'No— what?' ' _ , 'Hanging.' : ' 'What for?' 'For murdering Kaffar.' 'Did t kill Mm? I .. remember nothing. What was 4o»e was not because of me, but because of the' demon that caused me- blindly to act.' 'Names are cheap, my man,, and I don't mind. Claptrap morality is nothing to me. Yes, you killed Kaffar— killed him ;with that knife you held in your hand. I meant that you should. Kaffar was getting troublesome to me, and I wanted to get him out *-f the way. To use you as I did was killing two birds with one tstone. You know -that Miss Forresi has promised to marry me If Kaffar be not forthcoming by next Christmas Eve. That, of course, can never be, so my beauti ful bride is-safe;' and he looked at me with 3\. savage leer. trHave you brought me -here to tell me that?' ' *'No; but to tell yon a little good sews. I have decided to hold you as the slave to n$y will until the day Miss Gertrude Forrest be comes Mrs. Herod Voltaire, and then pi eet you free. Meanwhile, I want to £ive 70a' a few instructions.' 'What ^are they?' ''You ate not to take one step |a i3yfag$o prove that Kftffiar is alive.' j 'Ah!' I cried; 'you fear I migh£ produce ] him. Then I ha?e not killed ' fcini, even 1 through you. Thank God! thank Godi' 1 'Stop your pious exclamations,' he sajd. I 'No, 'you are wrong. You did till 'Kaffar, and he lies at the bottom of yonder ghostly pool; so that is not tiie reason. Why 'I do not ~wish you to seatch f6i\hlm is that there j by you might fma out thing§~,a!-ont me that j I do not wish you 4o do. In such a life as mine there are naturally things that I do JiQt wish known. In going to iny old haunts, trying to unearth ^gffir you would jeatn something about them. And so I common t ,you,' he continued, in a hoarse tone that made me shudder, 'that you do not move one step in that .direction. If you do— well, you know my power.' From that moment I felt more enslaved than ever, I shudderM at the thought of dis obeying him; -I felt^jnore- than -ever, a lost man. As I felt at that moment, in spite of my desire to let every -one know this man's power over me, I would rather have pulled out my tongue -than have done so. 'Are those all your commands?' I said, iumbly. 'Ah! you are cowed at last, are you?' he said, mockingly. 'You matched your strength with mine; now you know What it means. You did not thinfr I could crush you like a grasshopper, did yon? Yes, I have one other command for you. You must. go to London to-morrow, and go on with your old work. You must not hold any 'communication with Miss Forrest, my affianced bride. I myself am going to London to-day, and most likely shall remain there for a while. Perhaps I shall want to see you occasionally. If I do, you will quickly know. I shall have no need to tell you my address;' and he laughed a 1 savage laugh. j 'Is that all?' I said. 'That is alL You will come to the wed ding, Mr. Blake. You shall see her arrayed for her husband, dressed all in white, as a bride should be. You shall 6ee her lips touch mine. You shall see us go away together— the woman you love, and the man who has crushed you as if you were a worm.' This maddened me. By a tremendous ef fort of will I was free. 'That shall never be. Somehow, some way, I will thwart you,' I cried. 'I will free myself from you; I will snap your cruel chains asunder.' 'I defy you!' he said. 'You can do no thing that I have commanded you not to do. For the rest I 'care not a jot.' He went away, leaving me alone, and then all the sensations of the previous nights came back to me. I remembered what the ghost was supposed to foretell, and the evil in fluence the dark pond was said to have. I saw again the large red hand on the water's surface. I recalled dimly the struggle, the fighting, the strange' feeling I had as my senses began. to leave me. Could I have kill ed him? If I did, I was guiltless of crime. It was not my heart that conceived the thought; it was not I who really did the deed. I had no pangs of conscience, no feel irig of remorse, and yet the thought that I had hurried a man into eternity was horrible. I wandered in the plantation for hours, brooding, thinking, despairing, No pen can describe what I felt, no words can convey to the mind the thoughts and pains of my mind and heart - Never did I love Miss Forrest so much, never was Voltaire's villainy so real; and yet I was to lose her, and that man— a fiend in human form — was to wed her. .-? 1 could do nothing. He had paralysed my energies. He had 6et a command before me which was ghastly, and yet I dared not disobey.' L a young, strong man, was a slave— a slave of the worst frinfl. 1 was the plaything, the tool of a villain. I had to do as he told me; I had to refrain from doing what he told me I was not to do. I had done I knew not what Perchance a hang man's rope was hanging near me even now. I could not telL And yet I dared not riee from my chains, and see whether the things I had been accused of doing were true. I went back to the house. Voltaire was gone, while the guests and family were hav ing their lunch. I felt that I could not join, them, so I went into the library. I had not been there ten minutes when Miss Forrest entered. She looked pale and worried. I suppose that I, too, must have been haggard, for she started when she saw me. She hesi tated a moment and then spoke. 'The whole party are going for a ride this afternoon. They have just been making ar rangements. They are going to ask you to join them. Shall you go?' she asked. 'No; I shall not go,' I replied. 'Will you come here at three o'clock?' 'Yes,' I said, wondering what she meant; but I had not time to ask her, for two young men came into the room. I went to my. room and tried to think, but I could not. My mind refused to work. I {watched the party ride away— it was com paratively small now, for several had return ed to their homes— and then I found my way to the library. I sat for a while in silence, scarcely con scious of my surroundings; and then I won dered how long Miss Forrest would be before she came, and what she would tell me. The clock on the mantelpiece began to strike three; it nad not finished :when she entered the room. I placed a' chair for her beside my own, which she accepted without a word. (To be continued.) 