NEWS IN BRIEF One of the Pretoria prisoners has de veloped a homicidal mania, and the sur geon in charge has vainly asked the authorities to allow his removal. Preparations are being made at Bula wayo to attack the Matabele entrenched in the Matoppo hills. The Stamboul police attempted to ar rest some Armenians on a French stea mer, but the crew prevented the officers taking the suspects away. The Transvaal authorities have con siderably modified the sentences of the Reformers. There are 300,000 men employed on the Indian relief works. Dr. Bride, Victorian Curator of Intes tate Estates, has been reinstated in the former position as librarian at the Pub lie Library. Four of the chief lodges at Newcastle have rejected the idea of resuming work, and gloomy anticipations are in tulged in as to the duration of the strike. At meetings of the colliers at two of the mines the telegram of the Colonial Secretary to the effect that if the men were ready to resume work the masters would meet. them was ridiculed. There was a sensational accident in connection with the great "Ferris" wheel at Darl's Court. The wheel stopped working, and for sixteen hours those who were in the tLop carriages were compelled to remain, as no help was forthcoming. Tasmanian apples per the Orient, averaged 12s per case, which will leave the grower about. s per case clear. Retailers are charging 2/6 to 3/- per dozen for the fruit. A few cases of Prince Alfreds brought 22/- per case. The chief fault with the shipment was that they were packed rather too tightly. Silver Queen Company sampled 100 tons of ore for the week. The Talori left Stanley on Friday with. 3036 bags of potatoes, and the ketch Eliza Davies took 000 bags to Melbourne. It Is stated that Mr J. Cox, of Claren don, has been asked to contest West bury at the next general election. Other names are also mentioned, and there is likely to be a sharp struggle for the Westbury seat. Major Dease, cousin to Lord Gorman ston, will be married on the 3rd prox. to Miss Florence Marley, governess to Lord Gormanston's children. The hon. Henry Dobson maue an im pot'tant speech on the conversion of loans at Green Ponds on Saturday. The Premier is about to start a fede ration crusade on the East Coast The Dixon-Henry equity suit will oc cupy about two more days. The court has been crowded during the proceedings, ladies forming a large percentage of the audience. Some fools have been frightening people by "acting the ghost" at St. George's cemetery, Hobart. Account sales of Tasmanian apples to hand show very satisfactory returns. Mr G. Waterhouse addressed the court on Saturday on the legal aspect of the Dixon-Henry suit. The Chief Justice remarked that he did not believe the National Bank was concerned in the suit. The Public Works Department was hauled over the coals at a. public meet ing at the White Hills on Saturday. Mr Robert Stevenson publicly made accusations which amounted, to use the words of the hon. H. 1. Rooke, to malver sation of funds. Mr Stevenson wants the Minister of Lands to meet him on the platform and refute the charges if it is possible to dot so. The meeting adjourned so that the Minister might attend. At the police court on Saturday a man was fined 5s for having allowed a horse to stray. A temperance meeting was held at Cressy on Friday night under the aus pices of the I.O.G.T. The beautifully fine weather of the. past week has been a boon to the far mers, who have been enabled to proceed satisfactorily with their sowing. According to a visitor the Hercules; mine has been proved to be of immense value. A mammoth twin screw 'toamne', with a cap~acity for 90,000 frozen sheep, and 10,000 hales of wool, ia lbutlding at Belfast fot' the Aus.'rnh a trade. Dr. M'Call leaves fot' Etnghand to. day. HeI is the duly accredited comtmercial' agent of the colony, and during'his visit will push its ittet'ests as itutch as be can. The tioctor expects to rt'titt't to tite colony albout Christmas. 'The utsual Qtteen's Blrthtlay church parade wvas iteld yesterday. wuhent about 260 volunteers attended divine wvorship. The) number ittcludetI about 70 ft'om the N.W. Coast and Scettsdale. Fourth competitiott fat' "C" series of the G.R.C. wvas tired fot' on Wednesday. attt Saturday. Guntter W. L. Robituson scot'ed St lpoints at 11yds handlicap. atnd Lioutens ant Pitt (Tyds) 81 itoinis, for first and second places. The s. Talet'i left tlte Mersey for Syd tncy at 8 a.m. yesterday with 1520 tons of produce, being a full ship. The principal lets were 1249 tons po tatoes. 101 tons chaif, 70 tons turnips, and 56 tons oats. Yesterday the s. Warrentinna. brougltt 11'A tons of tin oet from George's Bay. The excursion tt'aitn to Hobar't on Satutrday night was a large ope, every carriage being filled, 