THE TRANSFORMATION OF THE CLERGY. [Speaker.) Tlie clergy are not what they wen they have undergone a telerah thorough transformation. The typic rector of the old High Church scho was an cosy- uaturcd, good-liumoun person-too social and kindly to bui himself about other men's mallei skilled in the best vintages, and ridii well to hounds-but bc is now as effe as Squire Western. He belongs to tl lights and shadows of other days, at we think of him tenderly as the 1 clerical counterpart of thc good o English gentleman. In his place parson of quite another sort has come zealous, ubiquitous, busybodyish, wit a hand in everything that goes on j his parish or town, hearing everythin here and everywhere jealous of what 1 calls the Sects, watchful of thc school with the keenest scent for all thi promises benefit or threatens injury I the Church. The old clergy were humorous class, told good stories t they loved good wine, and they kne how to brighten the dullness of a heav dinner or a timid tea party. Di humour is not the strong point of th new clergy ; life is too full of scriou ness to allow the dainty art of pattin witty thought into lightsome speech t be cultivated- in a word, they are s grimly in earnest that, though the seem ridiculous, they seldom appen to feel it. These changes lie o the surface, but they are thc effect of currents that run deep underncatl They mean that the clerical role ha been changed because thc clerical iain has been transformed. In a perfectl novel sense thc clergy have become th Church, and in a degree unknown sine the Reformation the Church lins it polity shaped and its being contralle by the clergy. They have as a rcsul become potent factors in public affairs forces that operate in politics, and tim politicians must reckon with, thoug they aro so new that their impact ha only been felt. There has been no tim to calculate the amount of eucrg stored, or what its expenditure ma; portend ; but one thing is certain-i involves thc conflict of Liberal prie ciples with what thc French cal Clericalism. And Clericalism is i creature if an altogether different orde from the Church. The Church is i large and varied society made up o many minds and many ideals, whereii the priesthood of thc Christian housi plays no inconsiderable part ; bu Clericalism is the fanactisni of a cast' whose passion is power - it is tin jealousy of an organised order for it interests and of their enemies, real 01 imaginary. The conflict of a nalioi with a caste may be deadly, but mus' be sordid, for it is the struggle of t people to escape suffocation at tin hands of a power which is all the mon earthly that it claims to be the soli adequate ministry of Heaven. One of the main causes of this trans- formation is thc idea which has been the main factor of the ecclesiastical revival, that of the place and function of the clergy. What has been so in- correctly termed tho High Church movement has in reality been less con- cerned with thc Church than with the ministry. It has exalted thc ministry at the expense of the Church. It was the exact contrary with Evangelical revival : it was religious, not clerical. It emphasised the spiritual and ethical, change of heart and of mind, the authority of truth, the need of divine action, thc impotence of man, the potency of God. The preacher was nothing, the penance and energy of the Holy Ghost were all in all. But now thc supreme question is thc covenanted rights of the clergy ; they are the channels nnd distributors of grace, necessary to thc efficacy of the Sacra- ments, the pillars and ground of the Church. The translation of this belief into fact is thc Clericalism which aspires to control this life as well as to fix and to anticipate thc awards of the life to come. The end of this sort of thing is indeed certain. There is nothing more characteristic of the English mind than dislike of a hierarchy, and a hierarchy is exactly what the English clergy have become or arc becoming. This is the feature that makes the situation so full ut once of promise and of danger. Of promise, for were the transformation once com- plete sturdy English commonsense and resolute English self-respect would awaken and assert themselves in a way Radical enough to leave nothing to be desired ; of danger, for in thc process of change we may have some of the liberties filched from us which were won with difficulty, and they will be lost with bitterness and regained not without labour anil sweat and sorrow. For questions that involve divine rights-whntor of kings who govern wrongly und yet live to govern, or of clergy who claim to stand in au Apostolic succession and be Apostles and yet are without Apostolic inspiration or spirit-have in them an ignoble clement; for they place eminence ¡n office rather than in character, in status rather than in ethical quality moral manhood. They have, therefoi a depressing or lowering effect on tl whole idea of life-obscuring the nob] subordinating intrinsic excellence accidental position or adventitious pi vilege. And they necessitate a discu sion which is near of kin to a parson; wrangle, the question whether this mn has or that mau has not the right ar title to be held a minister of God. . meaner controversy, or one more moral] mischievous for the man who wages on behalf of himself or his order, it hardly possible to conceive. And il practical expression is a clergy violet in public and arbitrary in religioi affairs, ready to drive a nation who* higher intelligence and finer genii they have not learned to understand c appreciate. Besides this general cause many sui sidiary causes have been at work in til same direction. For example, wini was once thc main has become secondary source of clerical suppl; The clergy are not drawn as of ol from thc gentry or the wealthier classe: Thc rich vicar is not so common as h once was ; where a living is poor an expensive, it is not so easy as it. use to be to find a man whose means enabl him to take it. Aad thc need of th Church has been the opportunity of he humbler sons. Her extraordinary e; pansion at home and abroad has create a demand for men which they have bee forward to satisfy, making their wa into orders as literates or as non-co legiates. As a consequence the ilerics ranks have not only been cnormousl enlarged, but enlarged by classes whos claims to consideration arc altogethe clerical and in no respect social. Am their natural tendency is to uiak the most of their orders, to stan on their dignity as priests rathe than on their prestige as me of family. This has, no doubt helped to weaken the older social feelin of the clergy, and to intensify thei feeling as a caste-that is, as a separat order whose distinction lies in thei being an order consecrated and apart and not in their connection with socict; or thc landed interest. But what is most significant in titi process of transformation is its effect 01 the public character and civil action o the clerical body. It is making it, ii the very degree that it becomes mor intensely sacerdotal, more acutel; secular. The more the clergy feel them selves to be the Church, thc less spiritua will they become and mix the more ii public affairs. The more they con sciously become identical with the grea institution they administer the mox will they challenge what seems to offen« any one of its interests, even though tb very least, and set themselves to defent all its privileges and enlarge (lie airead; wide sphere of its power. This tendency is seen in many things and directions and has, for the moment, its mos conspicuous expression in education Thc clerical claim best signifies that th( clergy are urging the State to open it purse and allow them to dip their bandi more deeply into it. And this will make them politicians in spite of them selves. The party that will deal mosl liberally with them is the party thej will support; the party that sincerer^ believes that the schools which thc people maintain the people ought tc control is the party which the clergj will feel bound to oppose. Thc old con dition of things is being completely reversed. From the Ac; of Uniformity onwards statesmen have tended to usc Church and clergy as counters in the game of politics ; but now we are beginning to see the clergy usc poli- ticians and parties as means to theit sectional cads. The flag is full of danger to the State, for it means the introduction into civil politics of thc fiercest, thc most consuming, and unreasoning of passions. But it is pregnant with certain disaster to the Church, for the Church that is inextric- ably bound up with a party may on occasion rise with it into power, but will assuredly fall with it from power ; and while the party may riBe from its fall, to the Church that goes down with it there can be no recovery. And so the issue of the process which we have termed the transformation of the clergy is this : The attempt of clericalism to use the State for its own ends will be the recoil of the State from the Church which clericalism had captured. The victory of the clericals may endure for a moment ; but if the history of the past is only a prophecy of the future, thc end must, be early disaster and final defeat for thc cause they so zealously espouse, but contrive so unwisely to promote. 