The Two Lovers of Marget Langley. CHAPTER I. I was a good deal flustered when I . left the house that morning, I am willing to admit. I daresay most Bpinsters of thirty-five who had just re ceived a proposal of marriage from an eligible man would have been a little agitated, as I was. You see, I had had my little romance twelve years ago ; and though I carried a lock of brown bair and “ verses to my sweet heart” signed “ your own Torn” in my purse, I think I had got over the pain of that estrangement. I had even learned to be thankful that Tom had “ dropped” me, since I knew that he had drifted away from all respectable associates, and wa3 lost in the whirlpool of London’s “unrecognised.” 1 was reconciled to my spinsterhood, and had settled myself in a quiet little villa at Lewisham with a maid to wait upon me, and a dog to keep me company. Some times I took tea with a neighbour, or spent the day with an old friend at Brockley; and it was through those mild dissipations that I met Mr Andrew Jones. He was a pleasant, well-to-do gentle man of forty-five or fifty, well-known to my friends, and in every way suitable if I choBe to accept the offer he had made. I thought I would, but determined to consider it well, so decided upon taking a morning’s shopping before sending my answer. I had broken a ruby brooch-pin the day before, and I meant to leave it with a jeweller when on my shopping expedi tion ; so, as I shoved ten pounds into my purse, I put the brooch there as well for safety. It was a very old-fashioned brooch, good stones set in silver of Indian workmanship. It had been “ in the family" a long time, and I valued it very highly, I set out for Lewisham High Road, thinking more of Mr Andrew Jones and his letter than any thing else ; and-Well 1 well! I was carrying an umbrella, a muff, and purse, also a chain by which I was obliged to lead my dog Puff whenever we went along the High Road. How, or when, it happened I cannot tell. I believe it was when I passed a comer leading to St. John’s Station, and had to Btep aside as a crowd of people came pouring out. Anyway, when I reached the jeweller's I had lost my purse. Ten pounds is always a sum to be re gretted, and so is a family relic valued at fifteen pounds ; but somehow I found myself dwelling more upon my loss of the “ verses to my sweetheart” and the lock of brown hair. Had I dropped the purse ? If so, there was the ghost of a chance that an honest person picked it up, and would restore it to me, for my card with full address was in side. But I felt sure the purse had been taken from my hand when I was jostled at the railway corner. I could remember changing Puff’s chain from the left to the right hand just there, and I am sure the purBe was also in my right hand. The dog had been pulling on his chain. It was easy to Bee how I had been robbed. I reported my loss to the police, and I returned home with mind so full of regret that all thought of Mr Andrew Jones had departed. It was not till late in the afternoon that I recalled his unanswered letter, and set myself to the taBk of replying. While I was occupied in concocting a pleasant billet doux the postman’s knock thundered on the door, and pre sently the maid brought in a letter. It was a very unpleasant-looking envelope, dirty, and the address very badly written though correctly spelt. I am very particular about the spelling of my name. So many people will call it Langly instead of Langley. But what struck me as curious was that the letter was addressed, not to Miss Langley, as all my letters are addressed, but to Miss Marget S. T. Langley. Being an unmarried'woman, I have my cards engraved with my Christian name, and - no “ Miss” attached to it. Whoever had written the letter I held knew my name very well indeed, even to the uncommon spelling of it. I opened the envelope, and drew out a half Bheet of paper with some writing on it. It was evidently the writing of an uneducated person, and this was what I read :— “ Yur purs was took near Sent JonB. We hav no use for hare and such like. Mony is in our line, the juel pin will bring fifteen pounds, and yur set store by it. If you like to buy it of us we are agreeable. Bring fifteen punds to place named below at nine of the clock this nite and you will receive yur purs and all contains but mony. Polis is no use ; we are not to be caut. Place, east end of Carlton Road, yurself; no one else must apeer.” “ How very surprising I” I exclaimed alond, though I was alone ; then I be gan to study the letter bit by bit, and a strange thrill of fear went through me as I realised by what was said that the thief must have been watching me ; he had found out the value of the brooch, he had made sure it was a trinket I cherished; he had not destroyed the lock of hair and verses; he had con sideration for a lonely woman’s senti ment regarding precious relics, and I should have mine restored if I were brave enough to trust a thief, and meet him alone after dark at a lonely corner, bringing with me a good sum of money. At first I thought of consulting a neighbour, but the warning words “ police of no use; we are not to be caught,” showed me that I had wide awake rogues to deal with. I should gain nothing and lose all, probably, if I did not act in every particular as directed. After hours of consideration, I made up my mind to risk everything and do as desired. I always kept plenty of ready money in the honse, so there would be no difficulty about tbe £15 ; and, being in comfortable circumstances, I was quite willing to pay that sum for my precious relics. At half-past eight I put on my walk ing gear, and prepared with much trepidation for my adventure. As I came down the stairs there was a visitor’s knock at the door, and who should step in—meeting me in the hall —but Mr Andrew Jones 1 