BAND OF HOPE ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary of this admirable juve nile association was celebrated on Thurs- lay evening oy ail encercammenc ao cue Wcslcvan Sunday schoolroom, Ford- street, Beechwortli, the programme consisting principally of vocal selections, varied with recitations and readings, pietorially illus trated by the medium of the magic lan tern, which, furnishing information by the eye in addition to the ear, has become established as a highly popular means of instruction as well as amusement. 'The Rev. Mr. Rivett, Independent minister, presided, and after the meeting had been opened with a hymn and prayer, gave ail introductory and very humorous address. The programme commenced with "The Bashful Man," whose troubles were feel ingly related by Mr. G. Main, and laugh ably portrayed in a number 'of pictures. 'The sacred selection, " Calvary," was sweetly and reverently rendered by Miss L-mgford, the illustrations showing some of the most celebrated paintings of the great masters of art. Mr. G. B. Knight was successful in interpreting the solem nity and pathos of the recitation, "The Last Hymn and the well known song, "The Little Hero," was effectively ren dered by Mr. Boyd, aided by the pictorial accompaniments. Tho recitation, " I he Magic Wand," introduced a new and youthful aspirant to public favor in Viiss Edith Eagleton, who recited the poem with a clear and correct enunciation which was very creditable both to herself and her instructress, Miss Lillie Ballard. This was followed by the song " The Star of Bcblileliem," rendered by Mrs. Lewis with her accustomed perfection of vocal isation ; and Miss Keast was equally suc cessful with her exquisite rendition of the favorite melody " Killarney," which was illustrated with some beautiful views of that picturesque locality. Great amuse ment was caused by the vagaries of " The Tipsy Geese," as described by Mr. D. Main, and comically depicted upon the screen. The patriotic song " Tlie Death of Nelson," with its illustrations 3f the historic naval battle and death of the liero, was powerfully rendered by Mr. P. Dalton ; and was followed by Airs. Boyd, whose splendid delivery of the selection "Ora Pro Nobis" was notice able for its pathetic feeling. A lecturette, " Alarley's Ghost," pleasantly introduced a series of selections from Dickens' celebrated Christinas Carol, and the misanthropic Scrooge's experiences with the three spirits, related, by Mr. G. Knight, alternately excited tlie laughter and sympathy of the audience. The latter part of the entertainment consisted of a variety of pictures, comprising views on land and sea, comic groups, &c.;, in great variety. The programme closed with a vote of thanks to the reverend chairman; also to the secretary, Air. G. Knight, both of : which were passed with acclamation. Miss Dalton officiated as organist, and furnished the accompaniments throughout the evening in her usual finished style, which is so. well-known that commenda tion would-be superfluous. 