WHEN THE WORLD WAS YODNGEE. BY MISS BRAD.DON. CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) The taste for masquerading was a fashion of tho time, as much as combing a periwig, or flirting a fan. Whilo Rochester was planning a trick upon the citizen. Lady Fareham was whispering to De Mallort under cover of tho fiddles, which were playing an Italian pazzer- nano, a dance beloved by Marguerite of Navarre, who danced to that music with her royal Dro- ther-in-law, In ono of the sumptuous ballots at Saint Cloud. "Why should they be disappointed of their ghost?" said Hyacinth. "When It would bo so easy for mo to dress up as the nun and scare 'them all. This white satin gown of mine, with a few yards of white lawn arranged on my head and shoulders — " "Ah, but you have not the lawn at hand to night, or your woman to arrange your head," interjected Do Mallort, quickly. "It would be a capital joke; but It must bo for another occa sion and choicor company. The rabble you haye- to-u!ght Is not worth tt. Besides, there Is Ro chester, who is pastma3ter In disguises, and would smoke you at a glance. Let mo arrange It some night before tlie end of the summer — when there Is a waning moon. It were a pity the thing were done ill." "Will you really plan a party for me. and let me appear to tliom on the stroke of one, with my face whitened? I have as slender' a shape as most women." "There 13 no such sylph In London." "And I can make myself look ethereal. Will you draw tho nun's liabit for me, and I .will give your'plcturo to Lewln to copy?" "I will do more. I will got you a real liabit." "But there are no nuns so white as the ghost." "True, but you may rely upon me. Tho nun's robes shall bo there, the phosphorus, the blue fire, and a selection of tho choicest company to tremble at you. Leave the whole business to my care. It will amuse me to plan so ex quisite a Jest for so lovely a Jester." ! He bent down to lclss hor hand, till his fore- ;head almost touched her knee, and In tho few moments that passed before he raised It, she !hoard him laughing softly to himself, as if 'with Irrepressible delight. "What a child you are," she said, "to bo so ;pleased with such folly!" "What children we both are, Hyacinth. My sweet Boul, let us always bo childish, and find .pieasuro in follies. Life is such a poor thing, that If we had leisure to appraise Its value we should have a contagion of sulcldo that would jnumber more deaths than tho plague. Indeed, .the wonder Is, not. that any man should com mit 'felo de so,' but that so many of us should talco the trouble to live." Lady Sarah received them at the landing- stage, with an escort of fops and fine ladles; and the festival promised to be a success. Thoro was a better supper, and more wino than people oxpected from her ladyship; and after supper a .'good many of. those who pretended to have come to see the gliost, wandered off In couples to saunter along the willow- shaded bank, while only tho more earnest spirits were content to wait and watch, and listen in the great vaulted 'hall, hut with no light but the moon, which 'sent a flood of silver through the high Gothic window, from which every vestige of glass had long vanished. There wore stone benches along the two side walls, and Lady Sarah's prevoyance had secured cushions or carpets for her guests to sit upon,, and here tlie superstitious sat In patient weariness, Angela among them, with Donzll still at her side, scornful of credulous folly, but loving to be with her ho adored. Lady Fareham had been tempted out of doors by Do Maltort to look at the moon light on tho river, and had not returned. Roches- tor and his crew had also vanished directly after supper, and far company Angela had on her loft hand Mr. Dubbin, far advanced In liquor, and trembling at every breath of summer wind that fluttered the Ivy round the ruined window, and at every shadow that moved upon the moonlit wall. Ills wife was on tho other side of the lmll, Whispering with Lady Sarali, and both so deep In a court scandal — in which "the IC" and "the D" recurred' very often — that they had almost forgot ten the purpose of that moonlit sitting. Suddenly In the distance there sounded a long .shrill walling, as of a soul In agony, whoreupon. Mi'.' Dubbin, nfter clinging wildly to Angola, and' boirig somewhat roughly flung aside by Donzll, collapsed altogether, and rolled upon tho ground. "Lady .Euphemia," cried ' Mrs. Townshend, a young lady who had boon sitting next the obnox ious citizen, "bo pleased to look after your drun ken husband. If you take the low-bred sot into company, you should at least charge yourself with the enro of his manners." The damsel had started to her feet, and indig nantly snatched her satin-petticoat from contact With tlie citizen's porpoise figure. "I hate mixed company," she told Angela, "and old maids who marry tallow-chandlers. II a wo man of rank marries a shopkeeper, she ought never to be allowed west of Temple Bar." The young lady was no bellover In ghosts, hut others of tho company wero too scared for words. All had risen, and woro staring In the direction whence that dismal shriek had come. A trlok, perhaps, since anybody with strong lungs — dairy-) maid or cowboy— could shriek. Tlioy all wanted to see something, a real manifestation of the su pernatural. The unearthly sound was repeated, and tlie next moment a shape, vague In flowing white garments, rushed through the great.wlndow, and crossed tho hall, followed by three other shapes In dark loose robes, with hooded heads; one carried a rope, another a pickaxe, the third a trowel and hod of mortar. Tliey crossed tho hall with flying foot steps— shadowlike— the pale shape lh distracted flight, the dark shapes pursuing, and camo to a jjtppvlose against the wall, which had been cleared by' the affrighted assembly, scattering as If the king of tefrors had appeared among them— yet with fascinated eyes fixed on those fearsome fig ures. "It Is the nun herself!" cried Lady Sarali, ap- oyehenslon and triumph contending In her agitated spirits; for It was surely a feather In lier lady ship's cap to have produced such a phantasmal train at her party. "The nuu and her execution ers!" The company-fell back from tlie ghostly troop, recoiling till. they wore all clustered against the opposite wall, leaving a clear space In front of the spectres, .whence they looked on, shuddering at. tho tragedy of the . erring sister's fate, - repeated in dumb show. Tho white-robed figure knelt and grovelled at tho feet of those hooded executioners. One seized and bound her with strange phantasmal action unlike the movements ot living creatures, and another , smote the wall with a pickaxe that mado no sound, while the third waited with his trowel and mortar. It was a gruesome sight to those who knew the story— a gruesome, yet an en joyable spectacle; since, as Lady Sarah's friends had not had tho pleasure of knowing tho sinning sister in flesli, they watched this ghostly represen tation of her sufferings with as keen an Interest as they would have felt had they been prlvlllged to see Claud Duval swing at Tyburn. Tlih person most terrified by fills ghostjy show was the only one who had the hardihood to tackle tho performers. Thl3 was Mr. Dubbin, who sat oii the ground watching the shadowy figures, cohered by -fear, and his shrewd city senses gra dually tfiturning to a brain bemused by Bur- BU"Look at lid hoots!" he cried suddenly, scram bling to his feef, -.tnd pointing to the nun, who In sprawling- und writhing at tho feet of her execu tioner, had revealed inordjfg anil, foot than wero wero consistent with her' spectral whiteness. "She wears yaller hoots, as substantial as any shoe leather among the company. I'll' swear to them yaller boots." ... A chorus of laughter' followed this attack laughter which found a smothered echo - among the ghosts. The spell was broken; dls-illuslon followed the exquisite thrill of fear; and all Lapy Sarah's male visitors made a rush upon the guilty nun. The loose white robe was stripped off, and little Jerry Spavlnger, gentleman Jock, famous on the Heath, and at Doncastor, stood revealed. In his shirt and breeches, and those yellow riding- boots, which he rarely exchanged for a more courtly chassure. The monks bustled out of their disguise were Rochester, Masaro'on, and Lady Sarah's young brother, George Saddlngton. "From my Lord Ruchester I expect nothing but pothouse buffoonery; but I take it vastly 111 on your part, George, to join In making me a laugh ingstock," remonstrated Lady Sarah. "Indeed, sister, you have to thank his light headed lordship lor giving a spirited end to your assembly. Could you conceive how preposterous you and your friends looked sitting against the walls, mute as stock-fi3li, and suggesting nothing but a Quaker's "meeting, you would make us your lowest curtesy, and thank us kindly for having helped you out of a dilemma." 1 Lady Sarali, who was too much of a woman of the world to quarrel seriously with a Court fa vorite, furled the fan with which she had been cooling her indignation, and tapped young >VI1- mot playfully on that oval cheek whore the beard had scarce began to grow. "Thou art tho most incorrigible wretch of thy yoars in London," she said, "and it is impossiblo to help being angry with thee or to help, forgiving thee." The saunterers on the. willow-shadowed banks came strolling In. Lady Farobam's cornets and fiddles sounded a march in Alccste, and the party broke up In laughter and good-temper, Mr. Dub bin being much complimented upon his having detected Spavlnger's boots. "I ought to know 'em," ho answered, ruefully. "I lost a hundred meggs on him Toosday sennight at Windsor races; and I had time to take the pat tern of them boots while lie was crawling in a bad third." (To be continued.) 