EVERYBODYS COLUMN; An interesting story comes from Bre con. The other day a group of young men sallied out for a walk, and, according to custom, varied the green fields and s'iles with long marches on the dusty roads, which made them more i han usually t nirsty. This they bore for a time, hoping soon to I aee a wayside public house. After much I ... 1 of nnniai) a font in finmn. OllO Ul UllClll < mil" J and with a joyful cry of " Come along boys, here's a picnic ; we'll be sure to get something there," and with visions of bottled beer at least, made for the open ing where stood a woman arms akimbo. "Hullo, missus," cried the guide, "g"t. anything to drink?" "Drink, you don key," she exclaimed, " this is the small pox hospital !" According to Herr Hajek, of Vienna, the chances of a smoker suffering from diuiheriaor other diseases of the throat, as compared with those of a ivm-smoker are as I to 28. Smoking tends t» check the development of bacteria and to kill them. In fac', Herr Schiff declares that smcking should be forbidden in bacterio logical laboratories for this reason. - By and by, I must really tell you of an advertisement which it has been my privi lege to read. It ran : " Bed-room to let, 4b. With home comforts, 4s. 6d." I wonder what the home comforts would be? I should think this would be an excellent subject for one of those puzzles that are so popular lat-ly. - " Home comforts into 61\. ; how many times will it go, and how many over?" Address, "Solution," care of Editor, and mark envelopes " Home Comforts," in corner. That story from the " Isis" (writes "K. H.") is a very old one, and use ! to be told in a rather different way of Dr. Hawkins, the late Provost of Oriel, who had a strong objection to men going down in term tiine. An undergraduate is reoorted ' to have asked leave to go down to his grandmo ther's funeral, on which the Provost re marked, "I suppose you must go, but I wish it had been a nearer relation." Professorial experimenters with the X rays will shortly have to solve the problem of how to keep their hair oh ; for it has heen discovered by a Professor of Vander- bilt University, Tennessee, that one result of having one's head photographed in the new manner is to become bald within 71 days. The area of his cranium upoii which the lierht nlaved is now as : smnotih as' a. lens. The moral is plain : either a hew light must be invented which will stimu late capillary growth, or professors must resist the temptation to see whether or no their heads do really contain anything solid. King Humbert of Italy is a heavily-in sured man. As a matter of fact, he is one of the heaviest insured men. now living, and when he dies there will be an enor mous sum to be paid by three companies. It may surprise you to hear that the young liarl of Dudley holds the largest life insu rance ever effected, the amount being one million two hundred thousand pounds sterling I Immediately after the young Lord Dudley comes Mr„ Wanamaker, so well known as a "dry goods" millionaire, and Postmaster-General in the United States. He is insured for one million and fifty thousand pounds sterling. The- late " Czar, Alexander III., was insured for one million sterling, and, as he had a kidney complaint (which eventually killed him), and, nevertheless, insisted on drink ing like a fish, and, of all liquids, cham pagne, which was the worst possible under the circumstances, the saccharine, matter in 'the boy', rapidly accelarating the fatal progress of the regal troubles, his Impe rial Majesty had an enormous sum to pay yearly to four different companies. Next to poor Alexander III., the heaviest insured of Royal personages is, I believe, the Prince , of Wales,: lie being good for six hundred and fifty thousand pounds sterling. When the Prince dies a lot of people who have nothing what- ever co qo witn mm — many or tnem pro bably never having seen him — will net large sums of money, for,' at one time, it wa3 a favorite speculation to insure our Heir-Apparent's life. Of course, it is well taken care of, and, moreover, his death will be a well-known and indisput able fact. Have you ever noticed how beautiful the hand ia ? And what a language it has ? No? Then mark it well, and you will find it to be as expressive as the face. I could fill a page with all it can say without a word being uttered ! It can beg, promise, invite, repulse, threaten, pray, deny, ques tion, admire, instruct, commend, absolve, encourage, bear witness, accuse, condemn, insult, deft, flatter, applaud, bless, curse, mock, welcome, rejoice, &c.; And what shall we say of its feeling capacity ? Ask the blind, and they will tell you that they can even feel the color of the objects which they touch. It is the hand also which shows the crowning work of nature over, the rest of brute creation. A beau- <» who wi tuc gLcaucou ULUcfc- merits of the human form, and one of the very rarest of its beauties. We see many beautiful months, eyes, Ac., but we see very few really perfect hands. The shape and size of the hand vary according to age, sex, character, and profession. A woman disguised as a man can be dis covered at once by her hands ; so can a countryman dressed as a lord, or a lord dressed as a countryman. . A difference exists, too, between the hands of lymphatic. bilious, nervous, and sanguine persons, as also between the hands of those who work at any profession, art, trade, &c.;, and chose who do not work at all. Thus the social position of a person can be read at once in the hand. Lord Onslow has courteously but firmly declined to let the Marquis of Bute and the Psychical Research Society investigate certain alleged ghostly appearances at his house at Clandon. His lordship states that " he cannot allow a repetition of such nonsense." "Adult members of my family," he adds, "sleep with loaded re volvers by their bedsides, with which they will not hesitate to shoot at any ghost who seeks to play tricks." Clandon House must be an excellent place not to live in just now. Ghosts are tolerable enough as a rule, but the six- chambered revolvers, coupled with the simple injunction, "Do uuu uoaiutno uu oiiuul, iiiusb occasionally murder sleep even if they do no great harm. Here, if ever, there ia excuse for re-tell ing the tragic story of the young officer who, professing himself unafraid of ghosts, retired to bed in a haunted room with a loaded pistol. A practical-joking friend abstracted tlie bullet from the charge, and in the dead of night entered the room in a sheet, and took his stand at the foot of the bed. The officer awoke, bad him begone, and receiving no answer threatened to shoot. No answer coming, he shot. The figure, unflinching, laughed, and made as though he extracted a bullet from his breast, and threw it on to the bed. The officer sank back motionless. When the joker, having had his fun, would have ex p'ained the jest, he found his friend a dead man. The fright — the belief that his visitor really was of another world — had killed him. 