ROMAN CATHOLIC. Cardinal Moran yesterday afternoon administered the sacrament of confirmation to 152 children in St Mary's Cathedral There was a large congregation present at the ceremony The girls were all robed in white, and every boy wore a cardinal sash The Cardinal was attended by the Very Rev Dr O'Haran, the Rev P Carey, J White, T Phelan, P C Clean and J O'Gorman Prior to the administration of the sacrament the children were individually examined on points of doctrine by the Cardinal and then all joined in singing the hymn ' Come, Holy Ghost " At the conclusion of the ceremony the Cardinal congratulated the children on the excellent examination they had passed, sa} ing that they were fortunate in being under the care of the good sisters and brothers There was one day he wished to impress upon them, and that was to keep close to the sacred heart of Jesus which was the source of every bless- ing The innocence which they enjoyed was bright in His sight and though they might not know it, yet the soul of a child was very beautiful If they kept close to the sacred heart they would preserve that BOUI in innocence, and it would be as an angel adorned with the choicest gift of Parades, for innocence was the greatest gift heaven had bestowed on childhood By devotion to the sacred heart they would find consolation in their sorrows, joy in their afflictions, and victory in their holy enterprises Had not Christ Ban! " Come to Me all ye who labour and are burthened " At the feet of Christ they could lay down their burdens,, and there would obtain strength in their weakness 'They ought, therefore, to kindle in their hearts a love for Him who bore such a great love for them And he would ask them to pray to the Blessed Virgin, who would love them because her divine Son loved them, and who would plead their cause at his tin one It behoved them also to frequent the sacraments, and satiate their souls with heavenly grace Above all things they should be earnestly their love for the sacred heart, earnest in their devotion to the Blessed Virgin, earnest in their attention to the sacraments I hey had through confirmation become soldiers of the Holy Cross, and ought to be earnest soldiers in trying to was in the battles of Holy Cross He hoped that they would be strengthened through that blessing of the Holy Ghost so that they would continue in the love of God during their pilgrimage through life The fourth aiiniYöia.iiy of the pastorate of the Rev Joseph. Best at St Matthew's Church, Bondi, was celebrated yesterday by special services, which were conducted in the morning by the Rev A W Pain, B A (Rural Dean), in the evening by the Rev. J., G. Panton and in the afternoon the Rev. J Best conducted a flower service The congregation at each service was large Special music was tendered under the conductorship of Mr Best, Miss Beattie's Stretton presiding at the organ " At the Burwood Congregational Church last Thursday night the cantata ' Belsbazzar'a roast " was rendered by a number of well known artists, assisted by the Croydon Congregational Church choir The principals were Mr. J Stark, Miss North, Mr Arthur 1'iirkiUBoii, Mr Cuthbertson, Mr A Thompson and Misses Lorraine and Deitz The Rev George Campbell gave the connecting readings, Mr J Walter presided. at the organ, and Mr J IIotRley conducted There was a good attendance, and the proceeds -were satisfactory The Sunday school festival in connection with St Mary's, Waverley, was held yesterday, when special sermons were preached at 11 by the vicar (Rev R McKeown,, and in the evening by the Rev W I Carr-Smith M A In the afternoon a flower service was held The church was prettily deconitcd_fortho occasion special music was rendered, under the direction of Mr "W Biggs Large audiences continue to assemble at the course of public addresses to Christian people now being delivered at the Guild Hall, Castlereagh-street, the sixth of which was given last evening The annual picnic of the Ashfield Baptist Sunday School took place at Parramatta Park last Wednesday, about 500 scholars and monds being conveyed to the destination by train The Revs F Hibberd, P E Harry, S Harrison and 6 Strangling were among those present Under the supervision of Messrs Lane (superintendent), Harris, Moring, and Smedley a programme of sports was carried out St Andrew's (0 E ) Sunday School, Summer Hill, held it, sixteenth annual picnic at Fern Bay on Thursday His party was conveyed to Abbotsford by tram, and thence by the steamer Lincoln to Fern Bay, Among those present were the Rev J, Vaughan (incumbent and Mrs. Vaughan, Rev. B. C Robison, Messrs A J, Studdy (superintendent), TV. McKean (secretary), and 32 of the school teachers. A large number of the friends of the pupils also attended. The annual picnic of the Canterbury Congregational Sunday School was held at Colonel Goodlet's estate, Ashfield, on Wednesday. The weather was not favourable, but nevertheless there was a good p tie ml mine. 'The answer- to my services were held in the church cm Ham the week, and were very successful. 