ORIGINAL STORY [The Mystery of the Willow Farm. By PAUL TWYFORD.) III.—(Continued.) ' Don't hurry back, but let me have just an hour and see if I don't bring back one, at least—that is, if the ghost has not frightened them all away ;' and in saying this he made a grimace at Tom, who sat with his chin resting on his palms, looking, straight into the red embers. Joe was a born sportsman, and, wet or dry, nothing pleased him better than beating the bush for game of some sort. Tom gave a sigh of relief as Joe left the house whistling a comic air, and turned to me his scared face. ' Old friend,' he began, ' you'll think me strange—perhaps mad—when you hear what I have to say. It is better that you should know it, for somebody else will—and there's no knowing what may happen.' ' Then you did see something ?' ' God help me, I did ; and I shall never rest again. When I thought you were asleep, I got up, and ran nearly all the way here, for I felt the storm coming on. I had just time to knock on a fire when it came on in real earnest—thunder, lightning, wind, rain ; it seemed as if the end had come—for the room appeared to me to be full of mov- ing things, having neither substance nor form. There followed a lull in the storm, and I sat looking in the fire and thinking of Mrs.—— dear Zara.' ' What ! is that her name ? what an out- landish name. Did she tell you ?' ' Yes ; her father was a Greek, I believe, but that is immaterial. While thinking of her I felt a slight touch on my shoulder. I turned sharply round—there was nothing ; and again I looked into the fire for her dear face. Again my shoulder was touched, and again I saw nothing. Then I determined to watch, and turned my face from the fire, looking into the gloom with strained eye- balls. Presently I began to see something moving, it came nearer and nearer, until I could see a muffled figure beckoning to me with one hand, while pointing with the other to another room—that room in there— (pointing to a doorway at the end of the room, in which we sat). I followed ; I couldn't resist. Outside the door is a short, dark passage, off which is the room where I saw what will never be effaced from my memory. My muffled guide seemed to carry an electric light ; yet I saw no lamp. The room was lit with the same pale blue light—more like vapour than anything else that I can think of—and though black as jet all round, I could see distinctly a bed, on which reclined a man—apparently asleep— and by his side a woman. O God, how can I tell you whom she was like ! no, not only like, but it was she—Mrs. ———, Zara ! She was awake, and presently rose on one arm and peered into the sleeping man's face. For a time her face was hid from me, then she turned, and it was simply demoniac in its expression. From under her pillow she drew a long, bright dagger, and without further hesitation, plunged it deep into the man's breast. He sprang up, in a spasmodic sort of way, then fell back, while the blood spurted all over the white counterpane. Again and again the sharp blade was plunged into the dying man's body, and then the friend—the woman—Zara, raised her head and smiled straight at me ; her dark eyes teemed to pierce me through and through. I seemed to fall across the bed, but picked myself up from the floor. It was all a phantasy ; there was no bed, no murderess, no murdered man—nothing but a halo of pale blue light showing a dark patch on the floor. It was blood, for I felt it—see, it is on my hand now !' ' No, Tom, your hands are not blood- stained. It was all fancy. Let us go and look at the room' ' No, no, no !' he almost shrieked, ' not for a kingdom !' ' Then I will go,' and I groped my way to the chamber which was in black darkness, groaped all round the room and felt nothing. ' There's nothing there, Tom. I'm afraid you're in for a fever, or something ; you're quite unmanned about something.' ' No, I swear I saw what I have described. Go and look again—here, take this burning stick, it will light you.' I did as he desired, and saw nothing—no, I am wrong, for on the floor was a big round patch of a dark colour. I felt it ; it was dry—my hands were not stained. ' Did you see anything, Phil ?' ' Nothing—only a stain of something on the floor—but that's nothing.' ' Nothing ! why what else can it be but blood. See here, Mrs. ——, Zara—my Zara—is a murderess—the man was her hus- band—yet she wears no ring. Is it not strange ?' ' Well, yes, there is something strange about that woman, I admit ; but as for the other, it is fancy. You are not well ; here's Joe—with two possums, I declare ; let us now get back to camp.' Day was breaking, and Tom offered no objection. He went out into the road while Joe and I stood for a minute lighting our pipes by the fire. ' Joe, just a minute, grab that blazing stick, and follow me.' Joe stared, but did as he was bid. Our blazing fire-sticks lit up the room so that we could inspect it thoroughly : the walls were compact, no openings of any kind save window and door, the former being closed with board shutters. Joe noticed the black stain on the floor, wondered what it was. ' It is hard to say—some accident perhaps in the old days ; possibly a man shot and die d there. No doubt that has given rise to the ghost yarn ——' ' What, did Tom see it ?' ' Not he ; he's awfully excited, and I fear he has got a touch of fever. We will get away from here before he gets sick.' Joe acquiesced, and we joined Tom in the road. He saw us smoking and felt for his pipe, then altered his mind, saying that smoking wasn't good for him. 