iBDEs I EXILE. [By PHIIlP 8. WABNE.] KHAPTER VII.-(Continued.) xd, throwing his arms about like , he stamped back and forth more 'alently than over, the impersona of brutal violence. lanta Maria! hush. You will be 1heard,' gasped Donna Catalina. nd she seemed to shrink further ~further into her chair, while her hment face became more and more amned, and her little black eyes re j.ted, and contracted, and glittered, 'ke-like. )on Felipe turned upon the German )eI something like horror in his iil Diablos i' he growled,' are we i assins ?' d Dr. Reinhardt faced him, stared io his eyes a moment, and then ied upon his heel with a grunt of idain. iHush, hush, for the love of lod !' ed Donna Catalina. 'No, no, s) anot be his wife. No comrn man could win him, after wh "6 he s experienced.' 'But I tell you she is not ad 'ordi jry woman. You should ,ioe her.' 'I will,' cried Donna Catalina, 'ing with sudden ress .a'tion. 'Dr. ' inhardt, await our · iturn. Felipe, Stend me.' Don Felipe offe" at? his mother his rm. She accer ted it with as much tateliness as f it a ceremonial ball. Near the door he took a small ntique h'?d-.lamp from a stand, and 'ith its l ickering flame lighted their vay ala ?g the gloomy corridors, their hiftir g silhouettes following them ike grim, overshadowing phantoms. Xt the door of Agatha's chamber Ionna Catalina took the lamp and e'ntered alone. Drawing near the canopied bed, she looped backthe curtain with one hand while she Held the lamp above her head with the other, and so stood motionless, scan ning with her little, ferret:like eyes every lineament of that wondrous beauty. The girl lay in narcotizsd slumber, her eyes half-closed, feverish hectic on her cheeks, one arm tossed restlessly above her head. So her clouded senses transformed Donna Catalina into a fairy ,god mother. 'Well ?' asked Don Felipe, when his mother came forth. ' She is not his wife,' said the lady, positively. ' How do you know ~' ' She wears no wedding-ring.' At that moment, as the don was about to take the lamp, a chill draught came down the corridor and extinguished it, leaving the pair of plotters in darkness. An instant later Donna Catalina felt something brush hastily by her, and in the gloom caught sight of a white, ghost-like figure, which fled down the corridor. Unnerved, perhaps the more easily because of evil thoughts which she had harboured, the woman uttered a shriek of terror, dropped the extin guished lamp, and made a clutch for her son. But with an oath Don Felipe had bounded away in pursuit of the phan tom, which fled shrieking before him, until it ran blindly into and over turned a heavy piece of furniture, which fell to the floor with a crash. Then the halls echoed hollowly with moans that grew fainter and fainter, until a distant.door was- banged vio lently shut, closing in the sound. It was this that freed Agatha's chained faculties. When she rushed from her chamber she saw at the end of the corridor a faint illumination from an open French window, through which, no doubt, had come the gust of wind that extinguished Donna Catalina's lamp. The horrified girl was about to attempt escape by this avenue, when Dr. Reinhardt came stumbling upon the scene, cursing the obstacle against which he ran in the darkness. She would have eluded him, but her leaden feet seemed glued to the floor. She stood stock-still, staring at him helplessly, while with a cry of rage he sprang upon her and clutched her. She had a thought that she had detected these people in the commission of some awful crime, and this horrid ghoul was about to kill her to save himself and accomplices. Then a sickening sense' of repulsion at his loathsome touch seemed to crush out all consciousness. There in the dark ness she lay senseless in his arms. Would it be better for her to die thus, or live to meet the man who boldly declared himself the Max of her love, with only her heart to adjudicate his claim ? OHAPTER VIII. BY THIE 3oRnNIN LIGHT. When Agatha Malden recovered consciousness she found herself in a bed of downy softness, garnished with snowy linen and a silken counterpane. Her chamber was flooded with golden sunlight, and through the half-open window came the balmy morning breeze, redolent of a thousand tropical flowers and melodious with the varied notes of gay-plumaged birds. In this atmosphere of peace the horrors of the preceding night seeed vague and visionary. No doubt the fairy godmother and that blood curdling scream were but the vagaries of a distempered dream. As she lay ariAd litened for some sound to dehote that the tenants of the house were astir, thei' came, ap parently from an apartment overhead, the screams of a child in a very matter-of-fact display of temper. This incident dispelled the half dreamy repose in which she had lai , and her wandering fancy was arres' by a startling recollection. In imagination she was back on the wreck, with the lips of ti Again \- .?e man she loved pressed to hers, r 44that great green billow towerir aloft ready to engulf them. But she was here, safe ga•red to the warmth and brightr es (jnst then she forgot its misery) r .4lie. An dhe? Witf a sweep o' back the coverle /. er arm she lung bed. But her A, and sprang out of in sight. cl othes wee nowhere .silken bell- dolently she pulled the the heat epe which 'depended near trembli of the bed, then stood door ag, with her eyes fixed on the to t' eupporting herself by clinging | *h0 canopied head-board. |, "here was no ir-mediate resporse to Aer summons, aund ere long she was !ain to sit down on the edge of the bed, to overcome the giddiness that seized upon her. Presently there was a shuffling of feet along the hall, the door opened, and mammy appeared, breathless yet smiling, bearing a tray with black coffee in the-daintiest of china, and fol lowed by an ebony satellite, wide-eyed and open-mouthed, whose arms were piled high with freshly laundered linen and a black dress which Agatha recognised as her own. 'Dah, honey" cried mammy, her black face beaming with pride, ' we 'uns done gone set ud dis hull bressed night, washin', an' dryin', an' 'clar starchin', an' ironin' dem 'ah clo's. But, 'clar' to goodness, it done my ole heart good to see sich stitchin' an' hommin'. "Golly !" says Emi'ly dah -dis hyer chile'-at which refer ence the satellite hung her head sheepishly, then rolled her eyes and almost dislocated her jaw in the effort to repress a self- conscious titter-' "Golly," says she, "reckon dat 'ah lady's scrumptious," says she. "Go 'long," says I. "D'ye t'ink I's breakin' my ole back ober de duds ob any o' yo' pore white trash--" ' 'Yes, yes,' interrupted Agatha, in her gentle, considerate way; ' every thing is done very nicely indeed, and you are exceedingly kind to do so much for a stranger.' 'Lor' bless ye, missy, I'd work dese fingers to de bone--' ' Yes, I can never thank you. But can you tell me were others saved from the wreck ?' ' Fo' de Lo'd, I dunno nuffin' about it-indeed I don't. Dey wa'n't none o' yo' folks?' ' Please help me to dress. Can i see the lady of the house imme diately!' ' 'Deed, honey, de missus ain't up yit.' 'Then oneo of the gentlemen who brought me here ?' 'Massa Fillipy's gone, eber sence daybreak, down to de sea-sho', 'long o' de doctor.' With this Agatha was forced to ue content; and in harrowing suspense she went out into the garden upon which her chamber looked, sustained by excitement, and yet so weak and tottering that she was compelled to find a seat in a rustic summer-house. After a time she became conscious of the magnetism of a pair of eyes, and soon discovered them peering at her through the vine leaves. The owner of the eyes was the most elfish child that Agatha had ever seen, and the fact that she carried a much abused doll by one foot was not pre possessingly suggestive. She was not over six years old, with an angular, not to say scrawny, figure, and a pinched, sallow face, in which a physiognomist would have marked vanity and peevish self-will. And yet the mass of black hair fell about her shoulders, and the dark eyes gave promise of the development of a striking, weird sort of beauty as she approached womanhood. Just now those disheveled tresses, her dress somewhat disordered, and the traces of tears about her eyes, suggested a pitched battle with her nurse. 'Come here, little girl,' invited Agatha; but, to her surprise, the little vixen made a face at her and ran away, calling out, shrilly: 'I hate ye!' From where she sat, Agatha had seen a woman emerge from a distant wing of the great, rambling house, and paced slowly back and forth on a path which formed the extreme boun dary of the garden. This garden had fallen into neglect, so that flowers and vines had run wild, and the shrubbery had grown into tangled copses, be tween which Agatha could catch only occasional glimpses of the woman, who seemed to be taking a morning constitutional. Judging from her dress, she might have been a housekeeper or upper servant. But what fixed Agatha's attention and excited her wonder was the fact that the womnan was veiled and walked with bowed head and lagging step, like one in deep melan choly. (To be continued.) The manufacture of bicycles is the largest specific manufacturing industry of America, if not of the world, and there is no ono thing, excepting possibly electricity, that promises to exercise a greater influence in altering the conditions of modern life than theo bicycle. 