Federation Delegates; Molbourno and) Sydney Visitors. Tho delegates despatched to Queensland on a federation mission by tho AustralinnNativcs' Association in Viotoria, Mr. J. Humo Cook, Dr. O. O. Salmon, and Mr. J. W. Kirton, MM.L.A., wero on Saturday night enter tained by tho Brisbane, branches of the association at i smoko ''do'neert held in Eaglo Chamhors, Eaglo , street. Mr. Cook, who, it may be mentioned, in member for East Bourko Boroughs, is tho president of tho Victorian board of directors; Dr. Salmon, member for Talbot and Avoca, is vieo-prosi- dont ; and Mr, Kirton, member for Ballarat West, is ah ox-president of tho hoard. Thoy reooived a warm welcome on Saturday night from a largo number of loonl members of the A.N.A. Tho chair was oeoupied by Mr. Arthur Sodou, vico-prosidont of tho South Queensland board of directors, who extended a hearty, woloorno to tho dologatcs. Mr. T. Lovingston, president of No. 1_ branch, iu speaking to similar effect; fluid it was gratifying to know that Victoria had aeoidod to take stops to stir up a fooling in favour of federation among Aus tralian natives in Queensland; ho could assure tho delegates it was much wanted. Mr. Cook briofly replied, and later in the evening Mr. Kirton and Dr. Salmon responded, tbe latter saying that the delegates counted largoly on the members of the Brisbano branches to assist them in their mission, Mr. Robert . Frasor, M.L.A., for Brisbane North, who wob present during the first part of the evening, ma'do a fow re marks before leaving, in tho aourso of whioh he said ho would have likod to have soon moro "old nativos" at tho concert, The oldest native prosont, it may ho stated, was Mr. YV. H. G. Marshall, town olork of Brisbane, who was a member of a branoli of tho association that was in oxistenco in Brisbane 20 years ugo. Mr. John Allan, secretary of tho South Queensland board, explained thnt tho absence of Mr. John Donaldson, M.L.A., tho president, was due to ill-health. Several toasts were hononrod during tlio ovoning. Numerous songs were given, in uddition to recitations and musical seloetions. The voealists in- eluded Massrs. J. Humo Cook, .0. J. Bottgor, W. J. Doazley, J. Smith, A. Lawronoo, Boyle, H. Lawrenoo, O. Nugont, Trevothnn, J. V. Pearco, J. Hall (banjo), G. Bourne, and J. Rogors, and Martin J. Midson. Selootions wero pliwcd by nil orohestra composed of Mossrs. Chris. Dahl (piano), Johnson (violin), and Gariund (cornet). Mr; Dahl was also accompanist. Reoitations wore given by Messrs. Cook and J. Darragli. Altogether a very enjoyahlo evening was spont. Tho dologates wore tho ghosts of Mr. J. V. Francis on Saturday, and paid a visit to tho Quoons- port moat works. Yostorday afternoon thoy wero driven in one of Mr, A. Sodon's omnibuses to Knowsloy. Thoy wore accompanied by Mr. L. O. Russoll Jonos, M.L.A., of Now South Wales, and presidont of the Fotorsham branoh of the assooiation, and about 40 members of local branohos. Mr, and Mrs. Donaldson - reooived thoir visitors vory hospitably, and a couple of hours wero pleasantly pnBsod away. 