STRAY NOTES. [BY J. GRASSIE.] I THE MURRAY VILLAGES. . ' Some persons who visited, the Murray, Village Settlement b lately assert that the .villagers i are leaving there so rapidly that when election day comes round therp will not be many left to oppose Mr. Ash. The reason of. their'departure is a belief that .there will be no more grants-in-aid to their 'settlements ; and very few of them believe that the settlements will be a success. :; 1 They think that they resemble New Australia in South 4-nferiqa too much-too .much Lane about them-and will bgye an equally short tenure. The villagers are not over ? head and ears in. love with Mr. Smeaton, and have not forgotten that in 1S93 he contested East Adelaide as a 'sail ' trimmer ''against two labor members '-Messrs.? MacPlierson and Scherk-and in ^ha . gqd ," came -m at the botton of the poll.' They have, therefore, not an overstock of faith .in Ws-'prege^fe pre* tensions ; and" they do not heliepe that he would be able, even if returned; to' get any.more granta-in- aid, without which the settlements will inevitably die. Even as it }Bj sop^e of them mean to vote for Mr. Ash, believing hiuj tg be th<3 jjo^ndea^ man of the two. The opinion of most of the voters both there and here is that the Murray portion of Albert ought to be a separate electorate, be cause if there were a number of candidates in so wide a field the minority only would be represented. And, although Mr. Ash is certain to triumph now, it might be different harAftff.Ptv ; AFFECTION. r£he affection displayed ' by the inferior animals ought to 'put that of some human beings to the blush, and show that many men, and women too, are in one respect by far the most inferior. Some time ago Mr. Drayton, of Benayeo, killed a large native bear on his selection'there, aud since then gruesome wailing and plaintive sounds have been heard in the silent hours of night, sometimes remote dnd often drawing so near his house that Mr. Drayton has expected to see the door open and a thin ghost or dis embodied creature enter in. But it has been discovered' that the plaintive sounds proceeded from tye disconsolate' mate oif deceased bear looking for its low ' and in place of being v _ _ol.. seems tn *- -auy time" its love . ,acrease with the fleetinz honrs. ana its irreparable loss to be continually present. A whale will dash between the harpoon and its calf, and the lonely lioness Beet its cub at the cannon's mouth; but the prief of the disconsolate bear at Mr. Drayton's is a continual cry, a lasting remembrance, a sorrow that throws its bleak shade alike o'er its joys and its woes. A MUG. In broad Scotch a mug used to denote a jug, and a jug is capable of various inter pretations. It sometimes denotes a tankard intended to hold nut brown ale, which young Sailors drink to sweet Knte of the Vale, and it also represents a place of retirement common to poUccmen aud their proteges, nail it; is in euch ganeral qso that when a loviug epouae kww?? that her lor4 master is in "the jag," she knows that he iB secure. But it Beems that it even exceeds libel to call a guardian of the peace a mug, At anyrate a very respectable hotel keeper, who vegetates within a thousand miles of Apsley, was pulled up the other day and heavily fined for calling a wielder of the baton "a mug," and the justices who heard the case considered it a very provoking term. Tait, in his directions to JuaticeR of the Peace, says that terms that impute no disgrace to those they are | levelled at cannot be considered libellous ; and, surely, there cannot be anything dis graceful about a " a mug." It is true that those who emerge from "the jug" do not always come out cleaner than they went in, and those that use the mug too often seldom get rich. But, it is rather hard lines to send a man to " the jug " for calling another one " a mug." However, the longer we lire the more we learn, and now we know that mug means muck, and the jug the paradise of fools. 