INQUESTOFGOLD. A STOliY OF THE TRANSVAAL. I landed iu Port Natal with golden liopes in my breast and eighteeupence in my pocket. The hopes and the peace vanished quickly. Tliere* happened lo be a wave of hard times in the colouy just then .and everybody was grumbling. Gold was said to be plentiful up country. but I had uo means of gettiug there. I knocked about for a day or two. and wlieu my last copper was gone I was lucky enough io run ac-ross the proverbial friend. in need. He was an English mail named -Tolm Garwood, a big, red-bearded chap, with the build of an ox. I soon ?.iw that he was closefisted and hard at a bargain. Tt wasn't much of a chance that be offered me, though I was mighty glad to take him up. He had been in the colony for several years, and so far had met with poor success. But he was going to stake his little all ou a search lor gold away up beyond the Transvaal, and as I had nothing to chip iu for a partnership lie agreed to rake me along as a hired helper. I was lo get a few shillings a mouth, whether we •struck it rich or pool". It was a onesided contract, but I was not in the position to kick. Garwood's out tit consisted of a strong waggon and eight seasoned bullocks, a teiir, two rifles, a brace of revolvers, and a iot of mining toois. For driver he hired a wizened and tough little Hottentot, who was about jvars old. and knew every part of the coidiy. I took a mistrust to Janka from the first, l'er he had a wiclied eye that could never look one straight in tlie face. He was a fair blacksmith and waggouwright, a dead slior. and an untiring hunter. Garwood had picked him up at Piotormsritzberg and he admitted that lie had a reputation for impudence and laziness. "Don't you worry," he said t» me before we started. "I know how to manage ihese blacks. Janka is too valuable to part with, an as long as I am his master he will behave like a faithful dog." "I don't deny ft," I replied. "You know the ropes out here, and I'm only a green hand. But liis looks are against him." So we three started uoilht and I won't tire you with au account, of the long journey. At the end of two months we crossed the Limpopo River, and the Transvaal was behind us. Ahead was a wild and beautiful country, but little known iu those days. Garwood was as fearless a mau as ever lived, and 1 hough it was a daring and foolhardy thing to do, we pushed right ou into the land of the Matnbeles. You know what lively scrimmages the Chartered Company had there. At that time the savages were more bitter towards white men than now, and we located our camp iu the saftest place we could find. It was part way up a little valley ,ana in among thick timber. There were tall mountains right and left, and a bit of a stream brawled by the tent. And, if you'll believe me. that stream turned out t-o l>e chock full of gold. I could hardly find it to-day ,and I reckon no one else has stumbled ou it yet. Ah, what a time we had ! Garwood and I cradled the pools from morning to uiglit, and the canvas bag of shiny nuggets grew heavier and heavier. And it all belonged to him by the terms of the contract. I felt pretty sore, I can tell you, but I worked on and kept my mouth shut. So did Garwood, and I calculated he would drive liis bargain to the last letter. I had no reasons. You see he was a grum, close-mouthed sort of chap, and it was all work and sleep with us. No pipes and cheery talks around the supper fire. It was a month, more or less, that we stayed in that lonely nook of Matabeleland. Every night there was a fresh heap of nuggets to shovel into the bag. No savages came near us, and we saw no trace of any. We lived royally, for the Hottentot was a rare good hunter; and Janka 1 was on his good behavior, I'm bound to say. He was as meek as a lamb, and when he sometimes saw us fingering the gold he would look at it stupidly and carelessly, as though the shiny nuggets were uo more to him than so much dirt. Ah, he was a cunning rogue if ever there was oue. One night when tlie canvas bag was so full that we could hardly tie the mouth shut, a queer thing happened. We awoke in the morning to find our two rifles gone. They had been carried off from our very sides. We hunted all around, but it was no use. Garwood knew mighty little of spooring. and I knew less; so we had to rely on Janka. The Hottentot had a ready solution for the mystery. He pretended to discover signs of naked feet in the trampled grass around the tent, and declared that two savages had stolen the rifles in the night; then he crept off into the jungle like a cat, promising to track the thieves, and intimating that he might bring our property back before evening. Naturally we had little hope of that. I suspected the black scamp, though I don't know just why. 1 hinted as much to Garwood, but he only laughed at me. Then he looked sober, and said that the Matabele had likely stolen the rifles to make us defenceless, and would be coming to take our lives next. We counted it lucky that our revolvers were left. They had likely escaped attention, being fastened to our belts while Ave slept. We loaded them carefully before we trudged up tlie stream to where we were working. We did not do much that morning, owing to a heavy sense of danger that damped our spirits. We watched and listened a good bit in between the cradling, and at dinner time, finding we had forgotten to bring our lunc-h, we struck back to camp. janka reached the tent just as we did, only from the opposite direction. He looked fagged out. and his feet and body were scratched by thorns. He was empty handed, except for his customary spear. "Where are our rifles?" Garwood asked, sharply. "You are a pretty fellow to send after thieves!" '•They had much start, baas," said the Hottentot, in a sullen toue. "Vultures on the wing could not have over- { taken them. I followed tlieir spoor to a Matabele kraal yonder." pointing to the west. "The dogs of thieves had entered the gate. I lay hid close by in the bushes and listened. I heard much talk and saw many tilings. At noonday all the fighting warriors of the kraal will start for the white men's camp to slay them. They will be here by the falling ofthe sun." Janka looked us straight in the eye as he spoke. His words and manner bore the stamp of truth. Though I believed him capable of any villainy. I would have sworn that now he was not lying. "How many are coming?"' demanded Garwood, paling under his bronze skin. The Hottentot lifted both bauds and rapidly closed and opened his fingers a dozen times. "That. many, baas." "It's safe to count on half a hundred." muttered Garwood, turning to me. "We're dead men if we stay here; ay, and we're as good as dead anyway, for these blacks will track us like fiends. It's a slim chance." "But woi'th the trying," I replied. "If we start at once, we can cover a good luaOy miles by evening. The oxen are iu prime condition." Garwood nodded. "We're leaving a glancing'n-greffully at the stream. "And taking one with us," said 1. He looked sharply at me for a couple of seconds, and 1 knew he was asking himself if 1 expected a share of the gold. I had not meant it that way, and I blushed with confusion. Then he understood, and his eyes dropped. "We'll be off at once," he said. "Our only chance is to keep ahead of the Matabele until we reach the Limpopo." With that we fell to work. Janka lent us a hand, but every now and then he was taken with a fit of shivering. Either he was mortally scared for his life, or it was the finest bit of acting I ever saw. Well, we got off in short order, and as soon as we were clear of the valley the bullocks went rattling over the grassy veldt, wit.li the waggon swaying and bouncing behind. Garwood and I lay in the rear end, watching every hill crest and clump of shrub, and listening to the crack of the Hottentot's whip. But. to make a long story short, the Matabele did not show up. We travelled hard all that night and well into the next forenoon before we ventured on a few hours' halt. We were off again at sunset, and two days later we sighted ilie Limpopo, and crossed at u fording. We felt safe now. and were even a little ashamed of our hasty flight. But we did not dream ol' going hack. We had had quite enough of the perilous country of The Matubeles. We took our time ou ihe long journey tl -ough the- Transvaal, heading iu a direct route for Port Natal. From what few words Garwood let fall, 1 surmised that he was going home to England with his lortune. I felt pretty blue over my own prospects. The wages that were due me would last but a short time after reaching the coast, and if the times were still dull I might have trouble in finding employment. I'm afraid I had some bitterness towards Garwood, for I knew he had driven a hard bargain with me. He was as glum as ever, and we found each other's company pretty monotonous. We had pushed on after suuset because the Vaal river was not far ahead, and we hoped to out-span there before midnight. Garwood was squatted in Dutch fashion against the rail-board, smoking the last crumbs from his tobacco box. I was stretched across the bed of ihe waggon, directly behind the driver's seat. My head was pillowed on the bag of nuggets, and my eyes were half-closed. Twice I saw Janka give me a quick glance over his shoulder, and when he did it a third time my old mistrust came to life again. I lay still, peeping from under my eyelids, and wondering what it meant. That was where 1 made a mistake, though I can't s3y I regret it. AH at once Janka swung round, and swift as lightning jerked my revolver out of my belt. With a twist of his hand he reversed the weapon, and brought the butt heavily down on my forehead. Though dizzy with pain, I gave a loud cry and struggled to my knees. I saw Garwood spring up, reaching for his pistol, and just then the Hottentot fired. The ball sang by my ear, and Garwood threw up his arms and fell backward out of the end of the waggon. I staggered to my feet, and. whipping out my huuting-khife, faced Janka as he thrust the pistol into my face and pulled the trigger. The chamber either missed fire or was empty, and before I. could take advantage of the opportunity the wiry little Hottentot dropped the weapon and jumped squarely down on me. . "The gold! The gold!" he screamed shrilly. "It is all mine, bafts, for you are a <lead man!" I was accounted pretty strong in those days, but the dizzy crack on the head had put me at a disadvantage. Moreover, I had lost the knife. As I went down I gripped the Hottentot as best I could, and for a couple of minutes we thrashed over the waggon bed, locked tightly together. I was growing weaker all the time, and I gave myself up for lost. Janka was crazy with rage and greed, and his skinny muscles were like iron. His purpose was to get at my throat and throttle me. The bullocks were moving slowly, but all at ouce they bellowed and broke Into a gallop, and I heard the roar of a lion off to one side. The waggon began to sway and pitch furiously, and Janka and I were fluug from side to side. What came after that is a bit hazy. In a minute, like a flash, the waggon was over on its sde. and I heard the bag of nuggets rip through the hood. The Hottentot was undermost now, but I was too weak to hold him there He would soon have twisted loose. I'll warrant, only he didn't get the chance. The waggon had been bumping along on its side, and of a. sudden it took a header down a stony bank. There was rushing water at the bottom, and into it we went—waggon, bullocks, and all. I was clean under before I could open my mouth, and then I had sense enough to hold my breath and kick. The current must have washed me out of the end of the waggon, for I came to the top of the river—it was the Vaal, as you have likely guessed— aud saw the shore a litle way off. I gained it by swimming and wading, climbed up the bluff to a patch of grass aud fell down in a dead faint. It was early dawn when I came to and I felt pretty chipper, except for the painful bump on my head. The river was a yellow flood, and there was no sign of bullocks, waggon, or Janka. I was a little below the top of the bank, and when I scrambled up. I was the most surprised and delighted man you over saw. The ,bag of nuggets lay a few yards off, and standing beside it was John Garwood. He had a bloody bandage around his head, and I took him for a ghost at first. { "I thought you were dead !' I cried. "It was a close shave," he answered, "but the bullet only ploughed my scalp. I've been lying back here on the veldt all night. Where's Jauka and the team?" I told him my story, and his face grew as soft as a woman's. "You're a brave fellow," he said, "aud I liavn't treated you squarely. But it ain't too late to make amends. You saved the gold, aud half of it is yours." "I won't take it," said I. "You will," said he, aud as his voice had the old stubborn ring, I didn't argue the matter: The Vaal beiug rapid and swollen, we kuew it was uo use to look for the team, nor did we doubt that Jank&'s drowned body was tangled in the waggon. We bought a cari: and bullocks from a Dutch fanner, aud made our way dowu to Tort Natal. The bag of gold didn't hold exactly a fortime, but it gave each of us a tidy little sum. Garwood weut home to England with his. I bought a farm here in Natal, stocked it with cattle aud sheep, and put up the buildings. That's how I got my first start, and I've prospered ever since.—Correspondent "Peck's Sun." There are more than 70 halls in Paris devoted to fencing, each presided over by a fencing master more or less famous. 