DEVILS IN FRANCE \- - ' -.o jM?PABmo»p>. AND tiasak \- - .CTBNGS.' , T!fac devil isdbrorul in Isnowthe ryUljVn n and breadth :>Ii' >£h&t; ;pnP He ret -within tho member i «o been iudi a-sckffe neverQlSre there been so bt awful, up eQiainSP'mEiari tiohs. From these -ewoald imagine marine wnoie infgajfli bat- talion or two tsleimal ahgels had broken loose. 9Pe|$flrgSfl8diolM C Asbtoieth, nr Ajwllynn, uncanny and undesirable demons. "We bear, too, of sylplis, of shapriass- mon sters like incubi, of pallia ghosts, pf liory serpents, and <jf a marvellous woman, .who ismippoSfifLtftJ the Vir gin Mary. Orsoycerers, too. and "their strange doings tbelr<&&iu;»whiai7<as also of wifcches«-and«4beJr-r mngbMO pranks. , The denizens of tbe rotlicr worlds mad® the3rfii'6t-aj>i>ea ranee at Tilly- sur- Seulle. All Europe heard of and marvelled at these apparitions, and finallj" they cansSrso nihcli stir -that the French "Sciety of Psychical' Sciences started an investigation. Abbe Brettes went to Tilly, spent sev eral days there,vrind-' fhiJUly tfeturugd and maderhiribi)1>tt'Here fshit this churchman and scientist says:— "'i am absolutely pobytncedjtbat ap paritions were really seen at "Tilly. I have obtained .all, possible testimony on the siflwefrt; 'amp-tlie phSofis that' the apparitions were genuine (ire in- contestable Legends. >nnd traditions Siiow tbatfliif «doa hag been -always haunted. - -iA-. «wgU .known goveruuiqiitj official, it is,s9& .a5y y.virgin Maty no evening wreathed 111 flames. Ap paritions began to. Appear on March Jb, and since then they- have appeared several times daily. The -school ohil- dren were the first to see the Virgin alary, and? r -they spread jthc stijrr everywhere. the result being that im mense cnwwte;fj|ave;?hGen poujlug to: liny, aD many IS, 000 arriving on one smgleidayj > . u j . MAX? witnesses examined. liming my investigation 1 examin ed uioro thau.jfift;fenihiindi,ed wiines-. bes. among'trhoin were representatives or all olasses and of all ways of tliink- Snj-mafristiates. teachers, believers, aud unbelievers. I closely questioned fJiem all. and they told me.. the. same Rtoiy. My conclusion is that jvo jcqp- not dispute this evidence.. The super- ra turpi nuilvjexifetB. aW defies ma terialism aiiSfi-ee fh'ougiit. frliese phe nomena apjieaivlp be both divine and tuaoohcal. If they caimof be both at w.c same time, then the. diabolical iu- fluence preponderates,' for;' while an angel ofjdarkuess can assume theap- ppajaiieepn-aii&elof; light, an nngel of light "tiffcw assumed the guls'e of an' nngel of darkness. "I am oouvioeed 'ftW if be spot where these apparitions have appeared is thoroughly dug. we shall discover the ruins pf ja; chapel .or a convent, or of some monument dedicated to the virgin, conclusion, let me sav that we should not be surprised at the foe-: quent appearances of - supernatural phenomena'.in these dors. 'Suchpbe- nomena have appeared at . all times, but persons paid no attention to them. To-day we are" at the height of the re action against free thought ; the psy chical sciences have made great pro- #r,ress ?reatly helped to grouse The attention of- the men and women who hav fop Aome.-tJiiaes Jjeeu shaken in the faith of their childhood, and are now coming back to- honest belief after an em of doubt. The history of the world |S,fall of such reactions." hapied Ppliniei;e,lias ap ready seep <he. apparition of the Virgin thirty times a't" Tilly, and' touching is her description of the. manner in which 8lie feels herself impelled by some mys terious force <o remain ever1 near the spot wherec jwjadrous-.wsjon ap- pears. Scpirfikies,- iiffpUice'qt tlio Vir- f").' 3VS&&!1Ppls. stotiues, . angels, and glWterWfflre. T)utof the ground they seem tg corae.pnveloned inacloud, trhich grqdulrdi6a|$eu£ onlyh) re main again after the visjen has fuily manifested iiself. On Aspension Day two btmared 'witnesses say they saw a ipsy cloud, while eighty-savliev saw a JtL-nl!'3: KiAt?.. a cross.' Some younrtiersoW a-hb fri'ed ft pl'iiroh ftt' credulity ;of the pilgrims, found- tliem- se!y< hunted hy three fleix bullets, at which they fired their revolvers in rain. Others say they have seen headless bloody phantoms and have heard im1s-' fljle bells ringing; nav/one dav a lion devouring, his prey. is. isaid to iiave ap peared to a large number of pei- sons among them being a cliild. who was nearly frghtenf d ip ,<Jpath, . . . . ; AX EXTRAORDIXARY IXCIDEXT. 'norc icrf tordinaiT In jdent. On tlie robe, jn -)vhicli one of the latest apparitiohs J6f the Tir-rin was dotted were written four letters ManeLaipe, who saw this vision, does not tnow hoi- w read.- she asked- some one , ft showj her jm . alphiihet which beiijg ' dfihe," she stralghtwav pointed out the Jotters-, that, she lin'd seen on the Virgin's jnha_ Thev wore the letters, V. S. P. WhaT could they qncstion 7,6. asM. Among the others Ahhe Brcttes was puzzled bntil he re- utZ'?ff&F;'3!\ f"'iller be found «. L Coy spring- that the lild- reveaifechll6! pinm quacso," the meaning of which S5SPsw",-®» lias causoa!wSia«-4w! wh?rh?!s intensified by.flmltoegplicahle Mnduct Zml fge mau whb has been at Vj&.r£,?B?£Aa.yf- nue is tionica entjrely in black for which reason she'MEnovfh far and wide !ack raan,"-and mm or has S'ftOSti-tarrihle, sights. A pitiful Sight she Is, so much does she seem to suffetj t- Ma .hgr ifdiiahftd are ever great beads of perspiration. Her eyes ap4,n>d. jWMh tweepiug, and at times is convulsed as though witifohBroof at some dlaliolicai vision Abbe Brettes questioned her as to her ri-cnblih-and-she-oonfessed.to -him -that- she was constantly beset with visions sslMrSsai'iS frrfBferwfij hCr®lhftiient<aJfie ; willing, U,G following con- Tilly, bids defiance to ail the !a,ws of \- to.t anly those which !tW9|iM';jl®toliylgitgronnd on Wtti|M$>dngiA>i|dithptwgeti 4, Finally, 6Ur pyacticalr conclusion Is : this:— That ItHs necessary to make ex- jjavatious-ln tiielaceivhere -the apail- "Ms havc apfieaved, so It is likely that Xg5s|K'e may Obtain valuable elements SgMtormatlbn. A certalnly i pictlil gonclu awanq majalr.nre wtfD&critfg;' whether. Woman's frame of miud jsnUJchangej after therhiagical J&round; atVTliiy-has been thqi-oughlyv uugs uri, 4?ej\v4hink will, "for she is truly pos- '«essod," -sJiy fhey. "Did she not say a ady Xv'bo -wits IniploHug the Virgin ou bfjb&tf; ofher'sick child:— T3nhappy one, Vhat are yoij/doing here? Go away at f hild will not be cured. Twelve jai>ers_were burning at a little distance from her, five of which had been placed ; there .by the, mother -pf the sick cfid. tAs <th0 black woman' spoke ft gioat hla6k-wliigcd 1iutteifly flew -among„ Uie . tapers and extinguished The five, the very five placed there "by the' <h16ntiiful niotlicr. They were re-lit. but- the- luoustcr h utterfly_apiiea red ngniu and extiuguished them once more." -Veiy strange all this, but not more sti'ange timu the story of the haunted house at Valcuce-Pii-Brie.- This. house Tios heeu the theatre of iuexplicnblo iSofiiids, most mystifj-ing being n voice, the owner of which has hitherto pludet1. .all liumnSi eyes. For seventeen days' "tills -mysterious vojee has lieenjnaking 1 Itself lfonrd throughout The hoiise.' now iusnlting, now tcnlfyijug. now pieading. jIToMcemon havotiled to find The owner, aud ibe weird voice lias laughed tliein I.Q. Scorn. Dr. Fab5. the family pliysi- vlan,! jak investigated, and the taunt ing voire lias covered him with contu mely. Furniture lias heeu smashed by the invisible destroyer, aud after one wreck or tjiis kind the voice shouted maliciously:— 1 "Hurrah. I am doing good ! work: I am content with myself!" A curious explanation of this mys tery has just been offered, Isabelle Pol- lettier. the servant in this house, oc cupied. it appears, two situations be- fore lier present oue. and in each of them occurred phenomena somewhat j-esciub'.ing those now occurring iu the haunted house. These phenomena, too. It Is.wtid. only occurred in her nreseiiee or uhei: ?)ic was near. S"ow, if is a iv- markable fact that hi every so-called ImuBtetl house there is said to be either a sensitive young girl or some mau who is suffering from a nervous malady. The theory is that the strange pheno mena that occur in such houses arc due TO the presence of men with diseased ; perves. or. which is far more oftcu the | <®asb. of high strung young girls from thirteen to twenty years of age. The experiments of M. de Rochas and of T)i\\. Baraduc prove that mau is possessed of a fluid envelope, which, in its normal state, is impalpable and invisible, but which under known con ditions can leave the body and become materialised, after which it impreg nates inert bodies to siicb an extent as to communicate to them a sort of life. In tlie case of some persons certain effluvia escape from this fluid in the form of waves, becoming more iutouse whou the subject is in direct contact wltb the ground, without tlie interposi tion of isolating -substances. Dr. Rnradhc has especially shown, by means of photography, that tlie pheumuouon of aspiration aud expiration is mani fested bv the cosmic substances with which this envelope is nourished. .tKno\ving,.so much, and whether we believe That living visible beings are the only beings on this earth, or that there are also other invisible beings, -sucli as angels, demons or inr-nld. two plausible explanations can be given of the phenomena occurring at the haunt ed house at Valence-eu-Brie. Oue is that the subject Impregnates with the vital fluid whatever objects he approaches. These objects, then, in a sense become extensions or prolonga- 'tlous of his body, and when he moves from oue place to another they move with him. It is possible, too. that The simple contact of an object charged with Supposing electricity may bring aliout a returning current which will cause objects to change their positions. iThe smashing of furniture, then, cnuld be explained by a violent electric shock. But we cannot iu lids way explain the presence of the mysterious voice, for. in order to prodr.ee this n mater ialisation of the organs necessary for the emission of articulate sounds would hfe necessary. The Focoud explanation is very simple aud will cause many to smile. The ques tion is. May not a spirit at rimes obtain pbsscssion of iliis vital force after it iuis escaped from the human body, aud may it not then model it aud materialise it and use it for Ills own pur>nsesY The Kabhalists and modern occultists be lieve in the existence of elementary do- mpufe, and claim that they people the elements, among such demons being sylphs, guoines, undines, incubi and sa labia lid era. some wandering ihnmgh space ,an/ci endeavoring to become in- ea rna$d. ! others l>eiug incarnated, which lauor are vicious and imperfect men. Occultists, too. believe in the ex istence of fludfc phantoms, known to the ancients as larvas and lemurs, whieh.lovp the steam of shod blood, aud wliicli fl'e. "before tlie edge of a sword. Only "by dividing tliera »cau such fluidic congulatious.be destroyed. Dy. Baradne holds that these plmn- tonis'are monstrous productions, wiih- out) body or soul, and that they can he attracted by cdrtaiu invalids, who sue jn fatal sympathy with them, nnd who thup "bnable them to drag -out for a longef or shorter time a fictitious exis tence at their expense. They are. as it weref sup'piemeutnry instruments of the' invalids' Instinctive will, tlieir aim -being never to cure but always to mock and ip/slead.' There Is a third explanation— that the phenomena iube haunted house arc the Ufoyk plTfi ijiactical Joker, hut, if so, it 'is rather j strange that the joker has not yet licen caiight. Among those who hai'e studied psychic sciences ..the opinion seems to be tljat TJouise Pel- lettier is the .author, though probably unconsciously' or unintentionally, of all this apparent diablerie. On the other hand. Abbe Sclraabelin. ,wlio ranks, next to Dr. Papus as the most .profound; occultist of modern times, is of .opinion that the residents of the haiinted Jipuse have been en chanted by 'a sorcerer. Roclrns re- centlyade certain experiments as to 'thp effects of enchantment s He pricked the photograph of a certain person all jovie r with: a pin, nnd found that the per- sop whose photograph it was felt the 4>in- prieks in his own body. F pochas simply desired to prove tliat &oQd; 4Palif truth jl3 the old jegfnds regarding the wickedness of sorcerers,, NOW ,'seorcercrs flourish to-day iii sevcrhl pails of France, aud especially in Paris, Brittany, Berry and tlie "Ba sque country. They are, as a rule. (£h£ji)iier4& tramps and ordinary fortune tellers'of hoth sexes. Among them, <-too, are/several young grl$, and theyAtcespeclaJIydijfiaed, fotheyare supposed tpmave the' power of inflict ing unspeakable woe. Gypsies have' also jkepfc op. themqbnt practice Of sorcniy, the most ceidted being those of Hun gary, Jiosmafld Russia. .Abb'e'Sclujabelin lias not apojeen i-ash- !y.,. He wcnt.'tb Valenc(?Hjn-BrIe, tuade afcoreful invesfcgati6n,snd only tlien expressed.the opinion that the entire jtiiriuoji' liAs jifeen caused toy a soreerer. A niali,' knoWp'to bfe a tsorcerhr, lives In ttKnolghborijobd.iid, According ta the abbe, his fluid body Oy that of some other sorcetdrbdS tlie power of freeing 'tteelf Mm thfinaterial body at will. tjnd.toas ixrthls instance done so in order to annoy the family in the haunt ed house. In tills enlightened age a conjecture of this ldnd sounds absurd, but it Is very plausible when we compare f£witlr other stories of sorcerers, aud especial- ly bfiosecenccrmng human metanlo: phosi. 'Here, fo'r exampl is que kola- toy Dcaancre, a member of -Pnrlinmeut, whq, in -the froigb of fyouis XIII., ,\yn commlssiprid 1qr4nake'an inquiigi Jhito the nbtious of tlie' Basque sovceie:—, "A gentleman of the Basque counuyTT- he says, "returning from the hunt, saw a she-wolf, whose eyes seemed to liim to be very like those of his wife. He raised his gun and fired. The she-wolf, hit iD the side, ran off. howling. "On his return homo the gentleman found bjs wife in hod. pretending that she had: jmrt'hofsolf by accident as sheAvas out walking. The gentleman examined the wound, and great was his ftninzcincut- when he fouud iu .it jsoine grains of shot of the same size as he- had used. "The unhappy woman then confessed that she iiad been iu the habit . of as suming the form of a she-wolf, with the object of taking pnrt iu the witches' revels, and that it was she who had bcou shot by her husband. Her name was the Lady of Urtub:, and soon after this event she was tried and burned." 