MR. Arthur Garner returned to Australia by the Arcadia. MRS. Potter's return season at the Sydney Lyceum cornmencps on October 31. MRS. Potter and Mr. Bellew have added Forget-me Not to their list of plays for the Sydney season. Miss Harry Ireland is playing juvenile lead with Mr. Wybert Reeve's company at the Adelaide Koyal. MR. George Gordon and his son painted the scenery for Mr. Nat Goodwin's last production.-The American Citizen. THB rumour that Mr. Charles Kyley is coming out again to Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove is offici ally contradicted. Miss Florence Young will play her old part. Prince Eucalyptus, in Djin Djin. Miss Juliet Wray will be the Princess. THE Melbourne scandal about beautiful diamonds and country trips which is now causing much talk is not exactly fit for publication. Miss Ethel Browning is considering an offer, of a twelve months' engagement in Australia ,after; the Goodwin company have returned from America. CHIEOWIN, the white-eyed Kaffir, left London 6nC October 16 for Australia. This eccentric'comedian will doubtless be much appreciated in Australia. MR. Bland Holt produces Sutton Vane's drama, In Sight of St. Paul's, at Sydney on October 24. The interior of the famous Cathedral is shown in detail. A Milk White Flag continues to wave in good attendances at the Princess', and the ludicrous series of incidents provoke a continued roar of laughter. MR. C. B. Westmacott was thrown out of his doer cart a few dayB ago in Sydney, but though not seriously injured, a sprained foot kept him to his room for the rest of the week. The Minstrel, a London journal, states that an Australian theatrical manager, in advertising? re cently for supers for a convict play, added-" tho3e who have been in jail preferred." THE Brough Comedy Company commence their Melbourne season on Derby night, Saturday, October 31, with a Mother of Three. The oast will be the same as that of the Sydney production. Mr. Titheradge is having a delightful three weeks' holiday at his new residence in Coburg, where his famous roses have borne the transplanting beyond all expectations, and are now well in bloom. MR. Frank Lawton, the Chinatown sijjleur, has re fuged a guinea a lesson from some wealthy amateur who wanted to whistle well. Mr. Lawton said he could not bear the strain of teaching anybody. MR. Cecil Ward is understood to have seceded altogether from the Brough company. For the pre sent Mr. Harry Hill is taking his place. Mr. Bouoi cault is engaging a new actor for juvenile lead. Miss Annie Taylor, who died last week was an extremely popular aotress in her time. First com ing into prominence with the London Comedy Com pany in 1879, she rapidly became a public favourite .* PATRICK," who played the dude in A Trip to Chinatown is leaving the company this week, and is returning to America t» take up an engagement entered into befor® the Australian contract was Bettled. Miss Trayer (Mrs Aldrioh Libbey), played the singing vivandidre two or three nights last week in place of Miss Amelia Stone, and got through the part very well indeed, looking pretty and receiving an encore for her song. MIBS Bessie Clayton (Mrs. Julian Mitchell) is a model daughter as well as a model danoer. She supports her father, mother, brother, and other re latives. The whole family have taken a furnished house at South Yarra for the Melbourne season. MB. George .Rignold has arranged a "souvenir night " for next^ Saturday, when every individual paying for admission will reoeive a moraento of the performance, The Two Orphans, ranging from one shilling to .4325 in value. The principal souvenir will bo an American high-grade wheel, " The Perfeot." The announcement is creating the utmost interest. A VARIATION of " Pepper's Ghost " is worrying the Jkilk White Flag oompany, only in this instance it is a pepper-iiend and not a ghost who has onused the scare, The fc*at» are simple not to say slender. Some flowers handed up to the bright little "Patric » caused her tears of anguish as they were plentiful8! besprinkled with cayenne pepper. Nobody kn» how it happened. Even a local " Sherlock Holmes" could not elucidate the mystery, as the pe-nner-flQ",i or fiend left no trace of his identity. This is not the usual way of a ghost walks in theatrical circles MR. Alfred Dampier has made Robbery Under Arm rery popular at the Alexandra Theatre for three weeks, the three Saturday nights bringing together tremendous attendances. The last performance of Robbery Under Arms is announced for this evening To-morrow, Saturday, Monte Crista will be produced a play that has always been associated with Mr' Dampier's name. He has one of the best dramatiza tions in existence, and the variety of the incidents make the piece highly interesting. The scenery is to be as good as it was five years ago when Monle Cristo was one of the threatrical attractions of the time. Mr. Dampier will be supported by an excellent cast, and some new mechanical changes will be introduced. THE Opera House last night (Thursday) was the magnet which drew playgoers from every quarter for the programme promised a triple novelty. First ther® was the welcome and presentation to MrJ."W. Parsons, of cycling renown. Gut as Mr. Parsons had requested that the money which Mr. Harry Rickards would expend on the presentation, a piece of plate, should be handed over to the Blind Asylum Fundin recognition of Lady Brassey's appeal, the presenta tion to Mr. Parsons was really Mr. Parsons' presenta tion to the Blind Asylum Fund, a generous act that occasione d great enthusiasm. The audience who assembled to welcome the young Victorian rider ? included many representative men. and the affair 'Was, Under vice-regal patronage. Everybody visit ing the, theatre was presented with a souvenir programme/appropriate to the occasion, which was made additionallv interesting by the opening of the " Opera House Cyclerv." where bicycles might hn stabled during the performance, free of charea, an innovation that, met with muoh fivouv, and intensi fied Mr. Riokard'a populnrity in an emphatic dugrre. MB. Harry "Riokards' Tivoli companv are still drawing crowds to the Opera House, and the enter tainment is given with the brightness that has become characteristic. The clever Frantz Family give an example of the most graoeful and perfect aorobatism ever seen in this parfof the world.and the concluding item, at double the speed of any other combination, evokes much enthusiasm, and the Frantz Family are recalled with cheers to repeat the manoeuvre. The aerial act of tho Vadis sisters is watched 'breathlessly, Jand the spectators gasp in amazement, at the daring evolutions on the revolv ing electrio trapeze. La Belle Maie's serpentine dance on the wire is as graceful as ever, and the Sisters Cressley appear in new duets with their customary success. Mr. Will Crackles' jokes meet with favour, and his eccentric dancing is among the most attractive items on the playbill. Miss Florrie Forde, is amongst the best lady serio-oomics in Aus tralia, and her songs always take well. The pro gramme is cleverly supplemented by Miss Florence Esdaile, Mr. J. Matlock, Miss Millie Herberts, Miss Emmie Morrison. Proffesor Shaw, Mr. G. Austin, Queen and Stowe, Mr. Frank Yorke and Mr. Akarman. The Wednesday matinee includes all the performers of the week. 