£M| larine's V;>k¿K. y':'--"!'.'; .. -, ' '' . \ Author of " lnto.the Unknown :' Â Romance Y¿,¿'of 8outh África," "Zero ,tho Slaver," . '.. Jas. '. '. ' .' . : w ? ?< [Axi»RiOHT3 RESERVED.] FOB Tire MINER. CffAPTBR Ul. ?/il '.»o ^ . c " CAST. UP BÏ BU SEA. " '-' r.'At'a glance T coald see that the vessel we had boarded was noe only a large ahip, bnt ' /t.thafc'^ahe "catted -passengers moreover. I ^'"'JjäogoJä^im^öe of the pilot'sface, hard and . Btern as that bf the unwinking sphinx. The ' villain waa there to pipe tho danco of .death,, ; abd he meant to do it, too ; and in : another instant I felt my blood, boil with rage and '. my resolution harden to a like temperament ' with his own, as I swore to myself that at V any. coat I would save the ship and those on board; most of all the lovely dark-hairéd girl who stood in the doorway of her state .^JWO^razing curiously at the wild scene and v the unfamiliar faces without! ' The stately croft had again goc way ? upon her, and our boat had Blipped into the curtain of the night and waa lost 'to 'sight astern ere the captain had: leisure to \- - address na, and during this brief breathing, rf space I was eagerly and anxiously noting . every detail of his appearance. ,He was a 'fine, handsome fellow, and looked every inch , a seaman aar-hë, stood- in« the light of the ' deok'-hoiise, and^not at all the cut of the '/ imagined typical Yankee skipper ; yet such .-,'-< he undeniably was, and a good thing it ., '.proved, for all that night that a nian of V>,. nerve and pluck wa» at the head of affairs on ; ;,boaçd^... ,, .. .-, ';¡i ï^filoVI;reckon," said ks, after looking ,V us coolly over from head to foot /* Ay,' ay, sir,"' answered Tom. The v .' rascal was' as bold as bra«8. vV.. -.M TKia'hooker^. bound .for London City, 7! .pilot," !d»wlçd .the Yankee, "bub I've,a . j> : n&fei;àTd like* to'drop ' a- lady passenger 'at I' Penzance."' There's a tidy breeze coming up, V and as'I don't want those darned French ' men overhauling my papera, I reckon we'd beat run in and lie by till morning." " Ay, ay, sir," again answered the villain Í ' Tom, obviously delighted at the way in whioh th* unsuspecting skipper was playing . . into hiB hands, and as he went to give t he £jïû$SiïÊàa* teethe man at the helm I strolled 7i /fiorward witji a sick: heart; wondering what 'Cytri^jllid. besbvdo nextv I-, was afraid to go, ??'.', atraight to the captain whilst the pilot's eye ' waa upon me, for ray tale would'seem a .'Y mÖBfc'4rop"robable brie to^thè'Yankee, and .1 upon'the whole I felt more unlined to take Jilthoyiilpt .. neck and heels .and throw him . ,râïèrbbariî, ot. Bettlo him out of hand in '..".' áomV~BÚch mad fashion; in fact, in my ? present^mobd; I1 was desperate enough for ? ' anything. > Knowing, however, that the fell [ow would soon be looking' round for me, I threw off my oilskins and stood,under the ? lee of the deckhouse clad in an ordinary ' grey tweed walking suit, and very shortly after this had the pleasure of seeing Master Pilot pass me unsuspectingly and sneak away forward, doubtless to find me out and have a word with me. Now was my time, ?v.. /.sp plucking up my courage and stepping ,'r^fííkly' across to where the skipper walked , the deck by tho binnacle, I laid a light detaining finger on his arm., * ' j Cjabtain, I said, in a hoarse whisper, ri foçPâirea'dy I saw thé pilot returning, "a fi-worcl' Below -wit h'-yon for the love of God :ß iVno^ord; beïore you .lose your ship, your crewV àùd y'ou'r"bwn life. " GodsXbuthe was a cool fi'h that. One ".'sliglft- start he gave, just as I began to . . Bpeftkï'thenÎ'iaa the pilot strolled up tous />the^wíl^'qi?ietíy dipped his arm through &Í " PJjtôffoin charge,'Colpnel," drawled he ; ffjlets'go down and 'liquor. " 'ti Together, we.entored tho cabin, and then hp wi'hisimáñtier^ altered, « ' Heavens ! the nian-; turoéd-v on> nie -..Uko a flash. No' time for drawling now; his very j words seemed to be snipped ont of a spring rat- trap., "Out with it, atranger ; if its yonder blank dashed pilot, the skunk ain't got thev drop on Thompson Potter, you bet." Briefly I told him the whole infamous plod, and he looked me in the eye right through my narrative ; then, as I finished, leaning quickly: forward, he filled two '.'.glassea- from a decauter on the awing tray.' «' Lionel Trecarrel," *aid he, " you're 'clean grit, you are ; and may God bless you for to-night's work. Here'* your vory 'goo:l health, sir, and-to all wreckers." We drank to each other and honored the toast, and then quickly discussed ^he question of the pilot, i told the skipper frankly, in reply to his inquiries, that I was no seaman, but were I in an open boat, and would she li ve on such a night, I could I go into Mount's Bay with my eyes shut. ' "Enough, sir," said he, "we can hand and reaf and i steer, if you'll stand by, and wy--way I reckon the rink's better than going <ashore just to oblige this cursed .wrecker." .. . ".... r then asked him what course he would tfvfc&ke; with .regard to the ap called pilot. * 4,-Gomé right along* doctor, and see," said he, and with thia he strode , aft, und I followed him. Walking straight up to the UDSUspectingTom, the Yankee coolly clapped V- ^donble-barrelled pistol to thal» worthy's head and ordered tho mate to disarm and ' .bind kim, the follow in tho meantimo:pro " ' testing volubly at this wanton outrage upon . tibe sacred person of an unoffending pilot. -"- ¿"Tho Yankee answered Hever a word, but ^^r^ihg to the first officer directed him to .' dui'the man ja irons and place a sentry over f *Mm,W/ae< was a very dangerous viliian, i í-ftádsàee." sH4.hé,. "that you keep the for I reckori ^tf.^n^.'^coiop^y- «¿¿«hore in 'the T°"Now, Dr. Trecarrel," continued he, after giving the altered course to the man at the helm, for the pilot had already let the ship fall off a couple Of points, " come right below and have something to eat, and then I reckon I must fix you up with a pea jacket, for I take it that you and I will walk the deck all night." «' Right you are¿ Captain,'? I said, for I felt as jolly as a sand-boy. His prompt action in the matter of the pilot had lifted a load from my mind, and it was a big score for ono night to have saved a fine ship and 60 Uvea along with her, and 1 tell you it made me feel ready to shake hands with myself. Well, he and I were enjoying a very com- fortable little supper together, when the officer in charge of the deck sent down word that the captain was wanted, so we both bundled into our coats, and were quickly at our. posts again. The mate, it appeared, was uneasy bocause the look-out " forrad " declared that he could hear breakers close aboard, and soon indeed there could be no j doubt about the dull, thunderous roar so appalling to tho sailor's ears, but we instantly noticed that the sound was coming to us over the larboard beam, and I at once realised that it was the water breaking over the Longships Rocks, which lie nearly abreast of the Land's End, and some two and a half-miles distant therefrom. By this time a regular hurricane was raging round us, the ship was carrying just enough canvas to give her a steady helm, yet she was simply flying through the water, and the decks were every moment deluged by the break of such heavy seas as I had never before experienced in the narrow waters of the Channel. Shortly after this I was " hanging on by my eyelashes" and conversing in stentorian tones with the skipper, and just as I had given a final roar of explanation regarding the anchorage in Mount's Bay a most unfortunate thing occurred, for a terrific sea suddenly broke in board, dashed in the doors of the deckhouse, and, as the dark-haired young lady, whose presence I have already mentioned, came running out of ber in- undated stateroom, a perfect mountain of green water swept the decks fore and aft, and in an instant of time the girl was knocked down, carried overboard, and whirled away into the black and awful drift astern. Throwing off my pilot coat, I sprang up from the bulwarks and jumped into the sea, just noticing os I did so that the skipper had slipped ont his knife, and was cutting a life- buoy adrift from its lashings. I have had many a dip in the Channel both before that night and since, and in almost all sorts of weather,.and may say I am well-nigh a3 much at home in the water as I am on land, but that eventful swim will last'me for a lifetime of memory. ' When I came to the surface after my plunge, I found that I contd only breath in gaspB, for the wind fairly took my breath away,' besides cutting the- crests off the broken waves and driving them into my face Uko hailstones; thc darkness wasintensp, and only the white wake cut by the driving ship could be seen in the blackness that surrounded mo on every hand, and had I not absolutely tumbled np against the object of my search T should never have had the ghost of a chaace of finding her. Grasping my prize hy t he hair-for I found that she was either dead or unconscious-I held on for all I was worth and commenced to tread water in the hope of finding the lifebuoy, and this I fortunately did in the next few minutes, when I was nearly spent with the exertion of keeping the girl afloat. Luckily for us both, the lifebuoy had been newly painted) and it came gliding down to us in the trough of the sea, looking like"a wreath of snow on the gloomy tumb- ling water, and as the prize was only two or threo yards away, I contrived to reach it and get the affair over her head, and gradually worked it into place under her arms, after which all I could do was to hang on to the buoy, aud to her, swimming on my back, and husbanding my strength as much as it was possible forme to do under the circumstances. From the ship I weU knew we had hothin? more to hope ; no boat would have lived for a single instant in such a sea, and the skipper would perforce conclude that it was all Lombard-street to a China orango we had been drowned ere we had been over- board two minutes. As I now began to be troubled by tho weight of my clothes, I shifted my position, and contrived to get rid of both coat and veal, after which I naturally floated lighter, and felt much easier. How long we washed about, hopeless ami helpless, iu< those swirling waters I cannon tell, but to me every minute seemed a whole lifetime bf. agony,- for I realised that the tide was now ebbing faBt, and that we two were being rapidly carried out to sea. And then, suddenly, I realised something else, and that was that we were in broken water and with the ominous roar of breakers close at hand. ?Gods ! how I struggled and struck out like a giant ; for in an instant I was1 wide awake to the fact that that terrific sea would pound us to a jelly on the cruel rocks of the Longslips ; but my puny strength was mocked by the awful might of thoienging billows, and before I had time even to think what was about to happen, I felt myself whirled bodily into thc air ac d dashed down with fearful force- npon the rocks. And thea I lojt all consciousness. T came to my senses again as the oast was blashing red with the promise of another dawn-a dawn I had never thought lo see. My head was badly cut, and I was stiff and sore all over, but had escaped by a miracle without breaking any bones. . Struggling painfally into a sitting posture, you may judge of my delight when I realised that my desperate effort had not been made in vain, for my hand still held with the clutch of death to the dn-ss of the f>irl I had risked my life to save. And she, voo, was yet living ; for I could Sfe that her breath wes coming in quick sobbing, little ga .ps, though her eyes «vre bb ut aud her face was color ' les8 and absolutely corpse-like in irs pallor. Rising cau ioufcly, for the rocks w.re wet iand slippery, I looked About mo, and found ,that we had boen cast upon thc highest point "of the Longships, and were in safety for the moment, as the wind had fallen to a stiff ; breeze, and tho weight of the sea was fast going down. Satisfied of this fac^ I knelt, down beside my companion and commenced to bathe her temples with pall water-the only remedy I had at hand -though heaven knows the poor girl must have had enough of it to last lier all her life. The throes of rpeovory from drowning are far more painful than actual drowning itself, but gradually she begau to come round, and after a violent and prolonged attack of nausea recovered consciousness, sat up, and stared wildly at mo and ai her strange surroundings, ai well sho might. " Who are you? Whore am I? Whet-'s the ship? Oh ! where ifl the ship V she cried hyateri " i hank God, you are alive, I saul. " You were washed overboard and have been very ill, but you feel a little better now, don't you ?" Tlie poor girl then tried to rise, hut aank brick again with a pitiful cry of "Oh, my ann ! My arm!" and then I saw that her luft, arm had been cruelly jambed between the life-buoy and the rock, and was broken near the wrist. " Don't be af aid," I aaid, " your arm is brokeu, but I will Bot it right for. you as soon as we go', ashore Meanwhile, let mc bandage the fracture as well as I can." This I did with my pockeMiandkerchief, and then made my patient lie back again, telliug her iwt to bother her hoad about matters, but just try to go to sleep, for," said I, " we ate suro to- be seen when the morning wears on a bit, and I wiU wake you up as soon as eyer, thfy come to take us off the rock." " Tell me ono thing," she asked, faintly, '" how did you como here ':" " I ! Why I came after- you, oi oourac," I answered, forcing a smile, " and we both owe Captain Potter our lives for throwing us the buoy." "Frankly," saul she, "I see I owe my life to you, and I hope Í shall live to prove my gratitude." "That's all right," I answered, with a show of cheerfulness, " but I'm a doctor, and you're my patient, you know, so I must really insist upon your trying to sleep at once." and with what I meant to be a reassuring smile I turned and walked away from her, for her pitiful little face cut me to the heart when I realised that I was I powerless to help her further. What a position it was ! I picked my way cautiously across the rock, and stood on that side of the reef which lies nearest to the land and began to laugh, and tlif-n suddenly I burst out crying and sobbed Uko a child, for I was utterly unhinged, und small wonder after all I had gone through that fearful night. However, I pulled my solf together again, bathed my bruised and aching head, and thou went across to look at my companion, who, utterly overwrought, was sleeping peacefully despite the thunder of the Burf upon the tail of the reef, where the water burst into whirling rainbow colored columns a hundred feet in height, and constantly drenched ns both with glittering showers of spray. ' Taking an unfair advantage of the young lady, £ had a good look at her as she lay sleeping upon those treacherous rocks, for all tho world as happily as if they formed a bed of down. She was very beautiful, with fine, regular, features pearly tenth, au 1 lovoly nut-brown hair, and now tint her color had come back in some degree, her comp'exion was delicate as the bloom on a pe.ich, and yet it was not the mere beauty ot the girl but the whole i look of Bweet, womanly, loving kindness on her face that drew my heart out to her and made me all her own, without effort on her part, or power to resist on mine. With a sigh I crept away again and looked earnestly towards the Land's Eod, for though Í had reassured my lovely charge, I was none tho less anxious, well knowing thàt when the tide roso again the rocks would be practically covered, and we, in all likelihood, drowned off them, with the desperate alternative of starvation staring us in the face. For close upon an hour I stood thus, and then, os in savage disappointment I turned my back on the land, I fairly yelled with delight, for coming spanking down channel, and flyint' the king's pennant, wan a tidy little craft that I well knew was the Active, the Preventive cutter from Penzance, com- manded by Lieutenant Hawkins, a very particular friend of my own, and with whom I had had many a jolly long-shore cruise in bygone days. To make this part of my story brief, the cutter was soon lying abreast of the rock, and when I went across, waked my patient, and helped her to rise, the fellows on board just jumped up "poa the low bulwarks, and gave us three tremendous rinding cheers, cheers which seemed to put heart into me again, aud made the poor little girl burst out crying for very joy. It was utterly impossible for a boat to come near the rock with snch a sea still running, so I had to persuade my lovely charge to let me swim ont with her, and even this could only bo dono by the cntter veering down a lifebuoy to ns nt tho end of aline, by me ins of which thev drugged us out of the broken water, and tho undertow of the breakers. I shielded the girl as well as I could, bot the pain ot her arm and the shock of facing that caldron of bolling surf must have been dreadful in her weak and nervous state, and when we were gently lifted on board I can- not say I was surprised to find that she had once again become unconscious. After a bri«f but none the loss hearty greeting from Hawkins we cot my pitient down into his cabin ; 1 set lier broken arm properly, and when she came round gave her a cup of hot tea dashed with brandy, and sent her off to sleep again, well covered j with blankets, und feeling sure that she would do well. I.then obtained some dry clothes from my friend, and after a good breakfast turned in for a much-needed sleep, not forgetting to render hearty thanks to God for my miracu- lous escape from death, and for tho almost incredible success which had attended this, the maddest of my many mad vntnrcs. A few hours la»er I was awakened by Hawkins, as we ran into Mount's bay. whero I was delighted to seo tho Annandale lying snugly at au. hor, and it would have done your heart good to have seen the face of Captain Thompson Porter as we lulled up alongside and hailed him in regular man o' war fashion. "Annandale, ahoy!" I bawled. "Is Captain Potter aboard ?' Tho worthy skipper answered by jump- ing into tho shrouds himself, and when he made me out through the naval officer's uniform I had shipped I thought the good fellow would have fallen overboard in the excitement of the moment-my reappear ? ance in the flesh was just a trillo too much even for him. "Jumping snakes, Mister Trecarrel," he bawled, " ye don't mean to say t hat's you now yourself ''. God's truth, man, how did you get there ?" " Av-ay-Captain." I answered ; here I am, right as ninepence ; aud we've got the young lady safe under hatches too." "The lady!" he yelled. "You're not kidding me, Doctor ?" he wen» on, almost pleadingly. " I reckon you'd not do that, would you now ?" "No-no Captain," I answered, "it's quite true, thanks be to God and your life buoy ; but como nboard and seo her your- self, won't you?" and at tint he hopped down from his position, mid in a few moments his boat was alongside of the Active. Heavens ! how that man gripped my hand ; I have a tHy fist of my own at the best of times, but I know my fingers fairly ached for a week after ; a-.d what a tongue thc fellow had-I blush to think of all the fine things he said, and certainly shall not inflict them upon my readers, but, turning to Hawkins, he finished up : " Tell you what it is, Commo- dore, I reckoned we'd better men in Ammurica than any Kritishcr living ; but after this I give right in to you the doctor here can whack tho socks oil" the whole Moomin}' lot of us. I looks towards you, doctor ; and he did a moment later, through the bottom of his empty tumbler. That same evening wo saw Captain Thompson Po'tor clear tho port, for Loudon, and landed Miss Ada Fantome-as I found my lovely patient was named-and then had her and her belongings comfortably stowed away io trio " Fimt and Last" Hotel, after which we had the pleasure of seeing tho scoundrel of a pilot cirofu'ly consigned to the common gaol of Penzance and put under strict sur- veillance and in irons. Promising to («ill and see \1 isa Ransome professionally every day, J hurried olf, for, truth to toll-in spite of my new-born devotion to thu girl-I was rather glad to get a vay from her reiterated assurances of gra'itudo aud no forth; so I charleroi a trap, and as I fondly imagi ed a first class horse and quickly drove off homewards, I knowing that my father would bc feel'ng anxious about me, and being desirous of setting his fears to rest w thout further unnecessary delay. (To be continued on Tuesday.) 