AT THE BATTLE OF FLOWERS. I was UTing on one of thr wooden seats, and tasking in tl c niom'ng sunshine on La Croisetto :it (’mines. It was five or «ix ) ears ego. The Minds of 1 ho white-fronted Ocrrlu Naulique worn carefully drawn,to protect the complexions of the one or two elderly members reading the newspapers in the big room; the little enclosure in front of the club was encumbered with mountains of canc- bottome/1 chairs, to be used when the mili'ary band played in the afternoon; Rumpulmcyer's, best and most expensive of afternoon tea-haunts, slumbered in the sun light ; and from the depths of a grove cf palms and orange tress iu the garden of the Grand Hotel the drowsy burden of a Neapolitan song /was wafted on the warm air. j The sea sparkled and flashed ; the yellow' sunlight on tho road and the walls of the garden’s made one’s eyes ache. Near in by the narrow harbour, amt out by the green islands, the little pleasure boats which arc peculiar to Cannes tacked and turned like sea birds slimming over the blue waters. Presently anold geutleman who was sitting at the other end of the bench began to talk to rne. Hs was grey-haired and distinguished-looking, snd wore the small red ribbon of the Legion of Honour in tho button-hole of his tight- fitting \- frock-coat. He was not a Frenchman, however, although anold resident in Cannes. He told me a number of interesting facts connected with tho town in the early days of its popularity. But what interested me most was his story relating to the big white villa on our left. It was a large houso standing back from the dusty road behind two iron gates and a low stuno wall. There was a grass-sown lawn be tween the carriage drive and tie parapet of the wall; aud two or three big palms, the highest trees on the Croisette, throw their black shadows upon tho rows of closely shuttered windows. It was a solidly-built,stately kind of house, but in the staring front and shuttered wiudows there was a depressing aspect, which my companion pointed out to me. “ You notice that it is unoccupied, although the season is at its height,” he remarked. “ It is ten years now since anyone lived there, and I doubt very much if it will ever be occupied again. There are people who say thut it is haunted.” And is it haunted ?” I asked. * Perhaps it is haunted for the owners,” he replied enigmatically. 4‘ Have you happened to remark the carvings on the gates ? No ! Well, if you bole, you will seo the Imperial Eagles of Russia on both gates. The place ! belongs to the Imperial Family—to one of the ! Grand Dukes. “ Haunted !” he repeated. “ If it is so— : and who .-.hall say that such things may not be, sir ?—it is haunted by the ghost of a very beautiful and very unhappy Indy—the last person who ever lived within those walls, sir. She was quite young—two or three and twenty —with the splendid dark hair and g’orious eyes of the women of the South of Fiance. Tall and slender, gracious aud graceful, in good health, sho must have been one of the handsomest women in Europe When 1 saw her, di-ea^e had {already dulled the lustre of her eyes and hollowed the fullness iff her fnc\ I cm ronicm member her sad smile of welcome, when I was first shown iniu her presence, as well as if it. was yesterday. .She was lying i-n a couch before the blazing wood-fire, in one of the front rooms lookiug out over the bay, ami the elderly dame de compngme who bad summoned me introduced me to my patient without a word of explanation as to the nature of her complaint. “ * Am I so ill as they say, Doctor ?* she asked in a low sweet voice. ‘ Do uot be afraid to tell roc the truth.’ “ It was not a pleasant questiou to answer. I may say, that at this time l had some slight reputation for my method of treating chest caaes—I have long since ceased to practice—and there could be no doubt that there was chest trouble here. I made my examination : hope less—the lungs going like dry paper in a red Are, and a consuming fever to fan tnc fatal dame. It was tho horribly rapid destruction of a naturally stroug constitution that had received a death-blow. She was doomed. Of course I did not tell her co ; but I enjoyed absolute quiet and the greatest care, making a cheerful allusion to the healing powers of the sunny days in store for us, now that a windy February was nearly over. “ * Shall I bo well enough to be out on the day of the Battle of Flowers ?’ she asked. 1 It is on on the 14th of March, you know.’ “ I told her that this must depend on her caution and patience. Then I promised to come t-o see her again ana went out with the elderly, grey-haired companion. You may imagine that I put a good number of questions to this gravc-visaged lad}’. It is essential to a physi cian to be acquainted with the history of the case on which his advico is sought—the begin* ning of the evil, its course, aud so forth. But precious little assistance did I obtain. My beautiful priient had evidently fotbidden her dependent to give me any information, f^he had no friends or relations, I was told, who could be summoned to the sick-bed. She was living alone in tbc big villa, with newly engaged servants to wait upon her, and not a soul to cheer her through the long dull days of illuess hut the taciturn companion. “ Well, sir, I made my way straight to the house-agents and bankers, determined to find out all that was possible concerning the matter. The agent—an exceedingly able ami obliging gentleman—would tell me everything he knew. Oddly enough he knew nothing. “ * Y’ou ask who and what is Madame Gregory, the tenant of the Villa St. Marguer ite,’ said my friend, ‘ I wish to heaven you could tell us ! We kuow no more than the man in the moon. All I can tell you is—she is fabu lously rich, and she has got us iulo a lot of ■ trouble, and lost us an uccount which we highly • prized.’ “ It appeared that early iu tbc autumn the agent was instructed by the Imperial owners* t-o find a tenant for the rilla. Just about Christmas this Madame Gregory applied for it; a provisional agreement was made -the negotia tions to be held open for a few days. In those few day3 came a despatch from St. l’etersburg saying that the Grand Duke himself meant to occupy the house with his young bride. The scents tried to break off the agreement, but could not do so. They had let the villa, but the price was not yet settled. So they deter mined to get rid of Madame Gregory by making a preposterous demand. They named au absurdly large sum ; the lady agreed to it with out a word of expostulation, and the contract bad to be signed. The Grand Duke, it seemed, was furious, and an Imperial—and imperious —clicub tvas lost to the agency. I “Now, sir, you will hardly credit it, but for | ;hree weeks I attended my lovely patient, for three weeks I played the part of a private detective, questioning servants, tradesmen, &c.; for three weeks I enjoyed a growing friend ship with my poor charge—without, in the slightest degree, piercing the mystery which surrounded her. “ It cut me to the heart to watch this beauli fal young creature fading away, alone aud frieisrtta-s—to realise that she was unhappy’, that some crushing sorrow was fightiug agaiusb the yomig life, side by side with the fell disease —and y. t to have no clue to lighten the dark -aos', cbo'it her. Who can minister to a mind diseased ? I had a thousand suspicions, but never glc« made a guess within leagues of the Irnth. unril one day chance lifted the veil. II I Wk* sittiug by her bedside, willingly waalmg an hour in the endeavour to brighten tho fcr-nnre monotony of her long days by a little p»srt:p of the outside world, when—as she ' moved restlessly—there fell from beneath her pillow a heavy trinket. I stooped to pick it up, and involuntarily examined it. “ It wns an exquisite gold-framed miniature set with precious stones,and surmounted by the Imperial crown of Russia in brilliants. But it was the face—the man’s face in the miniature —that startled me so violently. I murmured the man’s name as I handed the trinket back to her trembling hands. ** * Yes. It is the Grand Duke Gregory Gregorovich of Russia, and—my husband,’ she said slowly, and then burst into a torrent of tears. The companion hastened to her side, begging and praying her to compose herself and to say no more. <* But I said, * My poor child, tell roe every thing. Look at my grey hairs ; I am old enough to be your father. And are not doctors the priests of modern life ? Confess yourselF to me, and let mo help if 1 can.’ » Will,, then, sir, liltlo by little hor story came vut”* sloo* &o; ccmimu that as r man of the world, will probably Live heard many similar. X will give you the briefest out line, though, to mo, the unhappy girl poured out her whole heart, and filled in every little detail of her romance with Ibe marvellous power which comes only from deep feeling. “ This Russian was a scoundrel—a cowardly, cold-planning villain. I can't help being warm, sir. He came to Algiers on a Russiau man-of war, at the time when the girl's father, h great French contractor, was engaged on the harbour works, and the family were living in a big villa abovo the town. The sailor- prince deliberately set himself to win the girl’s heart. The weeks rolled by, the ship should long ago have sailed, but the Royal commander lingered. One night they were married—solemnly, formally married —in their own names, before the French consul at Algiers. The girl bad no shade of doubt as to the validity of the contract ; the man knew that it was absolutely worthless. That, sir, is Russia’s Imperial method of seduction. ** Then followed desertion, excuses, lies, and. finally,the intimation that the Czar had refused ♦his ratification of the uuion. Disgraced and dishonoured,her father and mother dying of the bitter shame, the poor creature found her way to St. Petersburg, to plead her cause with the great tyrant, and arrived only to find the man | who had ruined her on the eve of solemnising his marriage with another woman, j 11 She was standing in the snow, outside the church, and the bridegroom saw her, and his I face turned pale as he passed in towards the ! high altar. She was standing in the snow, out side the palace, while the marriage feast pro j ceeded. Fomeono saw the desolate black figure from the palace windows. An order was given, ! and she was driven away by the Imperial ! Guards at the point of tho bayonet. | “ ‘ I shall see him once again, Doctor/ she i said. * I.ook you, the newspapers say he will | be here before the first Battle of Flowers. Ho J wanted to bring her to this house. He does not guess who is his tenant-.5 “ I soothed her as well as I could. I know I now why she clung to the idea ot being out for | the Battle of Flowers, and I let her think she would be well enough to be present, though I knew there would be no chance of it. “ Now see how strangely Providence, Fate, | blind chance—call it what you will — orders ; things to pass. I shall never frrget that 14th of March. The mistral was blowing, and the white dust was w'biiling along the Croi.s« ttc— one of those horrible March days which we smn.:l imes have lore. 1 was taking my little niece to see the flower battle, and she was de lighted with the music of the band, the beauti fully decorated carriages, the rain of blossoms when pailie-5 of friends passed each clber ; while 1 was shivering, and wondrring at the folly and extravagance of the whole business. “ My little niece and I passed this very seat, sir, and had reached that further palm, when shouts and cheering further down attracted my attention to an approaching vehicle. In u monimt I recognised the splendid black horses — Romanoffs—and the gaudy liveries of the servants. The winds and body of the barouche, tho harneas of the lioises and box-scat were hidden by a thick covering of white fiowe-s— lilies of-tlic-Viilley, white lilac, tuberoses—the most expensive flowers, costing thousands and thousands cf francs. The carriage war. the success of the afternoon. It had won the first prize— a gorgeous silk banner—and tin* Grand Duke Gregory and his fair young bride were in the most a Halle humour, bon ing and laughing and flower- throwing with the greatest energy. “ Precisely wln re I was standing a block occurred. The white carriage came to a stand- j still. Instinctively I looked across the road to ^ the Villa St. Marguerite. To my horror and j amnzemrut iny patient was standing in the gar- i den, with her hands on the low wall, staring with fixed eyes into the Royal carnage. Sud denly he saw her, started to bis feet amid the mass of blossom, and stood staring back at the womnu he had wronged with a look of deadly terror in bis heavy face. Then I saw her lift a bouquet iu her baud ; but wt the same moment a convulsive lit of coughing seized her. She staggered and reeled, held the white flowers to her mouth, and iu an instant they were red, then hurled them in the mans face, aud fell back into the companion’s arms, while the car riage rolled on, ami tho bride aud bridegroom the blies and the lilac, were spattered and stained by her life’s blood. Yes, sir, it was fine, was it not ? 1 shall never forget it. She was dead before I had crossed the road and en tered the garden. Sudden lucmorrhagc, kc. “She was buried in the cemetery over yonder —a huge white sarcophagus, dominating the hill and the harbour— weoughl to be able to see it from where wc sit—and deeply cut on one face cf it (the face which points to Russia) were the plain words, ‘ Here lies ’—I won't tell you the name - ‘ lawful aud only wife of Greg ory Gregorovitch.Graud Duke and Arch-Traitor of Russia,. That was all. But the Czar heird of that inscription, made strenuous representa tions, aud the French Government offered syco phantic apologies, and chiselled it out—cut it clean away;so that if you go to the cemetery and look at the great white tomb, you will see no word or syllable to tell von it marks the resting place of a deei>ly-\vronged woman. “ But I have wearied you with this narrative. Sir, I have the honour to wish you good moru ing.*’—“ The World.” 