inliM WM/lJluJ. CHAPTER XXXVII. GONE TO HIS DOOM. Meanwhile Alfred Ellerton had found the Italian brothers, who had retreated to the background when the long-lost wife presented herself ; but. they now came forward, and s.tood proudly and coldly before the squire, having first sought and found Vivien, who still re mained with Fredrich Weimher, both seeming to find an irresistible charm in each other's society. They, too, came near, but took their places behind Squire Moulton, where he rnnlrl nnt «pf» thpm until the limner moment should arrive for Vivien to reveal himself. 1 Well, what now ?' snarled the villain, as, on looking un, he beheld, as he sup posed, two of i he smugglers standing in front of him. ? ' Your, doom !' was the stern response, while both men threw aside their rough garments, and stood revealed in their true characters as Italian noblemen. A shriek of craven fear rang long and loud throughout the lofty cavern, and finally died away among the glittering arches above ; then a deathlike silence for a few moments, while, with rigid face and starting eyes, the unhappy wretch gazed upon the forms before him as if they had been ghosts from the other world, come back to haunt and torture him with fearful memories. At length the elder spoke, in tones that froze the listeners' blood. ' Our oath is nearly fulfilled, and the fearful wrong you did our sister is about to be avenged, and justice will at last be . done. We have hunted and tracked you for long, long years j we have seen you plot evil and suffering for others, and only waited for a favorable opportunity to wreak our own vengeance upon you. That opportunity has at last arrived. You are soon to be called to account for your treacherous and sin-blackened career.' 'Oh, you will not kill me; you will let me live a little longer !' cried the wretched man, trembling with terror. 1 Who killed our sister ? Who came into a peaceful, loving family, created discord and sorrow, blighted every joy and hope it had ever known, dishonored its fair name, and broke the hearts of a loving father and a tender, devoted daughter? Do you deserve to be spared ? Think you there is one iota of pity in my heart for such a wretch as you ? No ! As I said before, your doom is sealed, and justice shall have her due.' ' Mercy — mercy !' the squire gasped, writhinc in aconv at their feet. ' Mercy !' thundered Count Gerient, of Lamerack. ' Were you merciful when you deserted her whose innocent heart and affections were won by your artful schemes, whom you made your wife that you might fill your purse with gold, and finding none, pronounced your marriage a trick, broke her gentle heart, and heart lessly left her to suffer poverty and child birth alone. Mercy to such as you ? Wretch, unnatural father, who never cared even to look upon his offspring's face, or clasp in his arms the tiny creature formed from his own flesh and blood ! No! no mercy shall be shown you; we have sworn it, and our oath is inviolable.' The cringing villain turned shiveringly to his sister ; his teeth chattered in his ? head, and huge drops of cold perspira tion rolled down his shrunken cheeks. ' Oh, Rose,' he cried, ' plead for me ; do not let them murder me ; think how I reared your boy ; I cared for him for over twenty years, and do I not deserve something for it ? I cannot die now. I shall go to eternal perdition — oh, save me, save me !' His sister's lips curled slightly at the sight of his abject fear, though her face was pale as death as she replied, huskily : ' It would please me better, Ralph Moulton, to see you on your knees plead ing to Heaven for mercy. You cannot expect much love from me, though I would that you had time to repent' ' Oh, Heaven ! will no one help me ? ' Here cometh one, and it will be as she says,' sternly said the Count Gerient, as he beckoned Vivien to come forward. She came,; pale as marble, but beauti ful as an angel, leaning upon Jjreancn Weimher's arm. Slowly, softly she glided forward, and stood before the kneeling wretch. lie did hot see her at once, she had come so silently ; but chancing to raise his eyes after a moment, he instantly started wildly to his feet, his: eyes pro truding from their sockets, his nostrils dilated, and his under jaw dropped like a dead man's. ' Back !' screamed Squire Moulton, frantically. ' Back to the land of spirits whence you come. Heavens ! why come you here to torture me thus?' 1 Villain, it is your daughter !' said her uncle, solemnly. 1 It is a lie 1 Back with you — come no nearer— mercy — Vivien. With a shriek of mortal agony that pierced every heart like-, an arrow, that rang and echoed, and rang again through that lofty, spacious cavern, curdling the blood in every vein, and paling every cheek with horror, tne miscreant, by a mighty effort, burst the fetters that bound Ihis hands, waved them wildly in the air for a moment, then tottered forward, swaying from side to side, and fell prostrate again at Vivien's feet. With a moan of fear, and anguish, the lovely girl closed her eyes upon the scene, and sank fainting upon the bosom of him who supported her. Ralph and his sister sprang forward and raised the form of the prostrate squire ; but life had fled, i and . they raised only a stiffened corpse. The heart disease that for so many years had . threatened him, hanging like an avenging sword ever above him, had cut him down in an instantand he had .gone to his reward ; gone to where jus ' tice would be dealt unto him, not by the -weak and erring hand, ofihurnahity,' but *y a stern and righteous Judge. CHAPTER XXXVIII. FREE AT LAST. An hour later a happy company, com prising the reunited husband and wife, the happy lovers, and the lovely but now joyous and hopeful maidens, who long had been held in captivity within that wonderful underground palace, might be seen wending their way towards the large and commodious inn where Madame Alroyd and Dora, also Mr. Ellerton, had taken rooms on first entering the place. Mine host's face glowed all over with sympathy, delight, and genial hospitality, as he welcomed so many illustrious people beneath his roof. It was not often that anything so in teresting and exciting occurred in the quiet village, a proof of which may be seen in this honest landlord's flurried manner, as he rushed hither and thither, giving an order here, and countermand ing one there. But at last all was right, every one was comfortably settled, and every eye closed in sound and peaceful slumber, and every heart forgetting in its gentle embrace the thrilling events of the few hours previous. The fated smugglers were left behind within the cavern, under a strong and watchful guard, until morning, when they were handcuffed and chained in pairs, and then sent from the place to be tried and sentenced by the country's laws, which for so many years they had boldly and successfully defied. ' The body of the squire was quietly in cerrea in a wild ana secluded spot not far from the sea, the people refusing to allow so wicked a man to be buried in their sacred grounds. . A . plain shaft of marble, bearing his name, age, and the date of his death, was erected over his lonely grave, and he was left to sleep even as he had lived — alone. Fora week after these events the hotel where our friends sojourned was a scene of hilarity and joy, such as the wide old room had not witnessed for many a year ; then the gay and happy company brok e up, and all departed, to go their different ways. The lovely captives, all except Vivien and Enid, were placed under the care and protection of good old Father Francis, together with an abundance of means, to be conveyed to their several homes, where all arrived safely, as Vivien learned through loving letters received from her affectionate and grateful charges. Having satisfactorily accomplished the mission with which he was intrusted, the good father returned to his former duties in a distant convent. Dora claimed Vivien and Enid, declar ing that they should accompany her on the rest of her tour, which she was un willing to give up, though madam would have preferred going straight home, after receiving such a fearful fright. Vivien consented to make one ol their party, but Enid gravely shook her head and said ' no ; she must go to her own honie and attend to her estates, which so long had lain without an owner. But,' she added, trying to smile, though her heart was sad and heavy, ' I will return and get everything in order, and be pre pared to receive you all when your travels are ended, six months hence, and we will have a joyful reunion before the final separation, and each return to his or her own fireside.' ?'.'??: ? So it was agreed, and lovely Enid Chichester bade them all a tearful farewell, and departed with Nina and Mr. Ellerton, who had promised to see her safely within the halls of her ancestors, and then join his own party in Paris, whither they had decided to go. Poor Ralph was disconsolate enough at this arrangement, for he had come to love the ' sparkling little English Gem,' as they called her, with the purest affec tion of his heart; but he had obtained a promise that she would write to him, and he tried to content himself 'with that poor consolation, resolving that when his six months 'probation — for he knew she meant it as much by;the-:lpok she gave him when she bade him good-by — was over that he would tell his. love, and win, if possible, the beautiful Enid for his wife. Madame Alroyd, Dora and Robert, Vivien and Fredrich Weimher (who had ?discovered that he could riot exist beyond the presence of the fair Italian), Alfred Ellerton, with Rose, his wife, and Ralph, thpn all haHp a final farp.wpil to Germanv. and departed for gay, thoughtless, charm ing Paris. Vivien's two uncles returned to their native country, to fair and lovely Italy, with its sunny skies and fragrant vine yards, to prepare a home for the idol 'of their hearts, where she was to dwell with them after the promised reunion at Chi. Chester Hall. - ; (To he Concluded.) 