The Golden Rook; OR LAURA ANSTRADE. \- By ERNEST GLANVILLE. Author of "The Lost Heiress," "The Fair Colonist," "The Fosslckers," etc. CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) The man approached rapidly, and now the deep chest notes rolling forth in a rough melody took shape from the migh ty volume of sound, and now he was at the fence; and now, with a cry of "Lay- ate," he leaped the thorns— a wonderful bound; and still chanting, ne came up lu the waggon, paused a moment at the body of the lion, then stepped to the fire, and stood there with the glow upon his tail form and in his smouldering eyes. A black man he was, of gigantic mould, with a tiger skin knotted by the fore- paws round his neck and with a mass of bone necklets that clattered at every movement. On his forehead was a large ball of hair, behind which rose two eagle's feathers, and he carried a bundle of sticks and assegais, while from his shoulder hung a large skin bag. "Who are you, and what is your busi ness?" asked Hume, after looking intent ly at the stranger. The man shook his head, and his wild, roving eyes, shifting uneasily like those of an animal, glanced from object to ob ject, dwelling at last upon the rolled-up figure of Klaas. Him, presently, he prod ded with the butt of an assegai,, and grinned till his white teeth gleamed. "Stand up Klaas!" said Hume, stemlj', and the Gaika, with a sullen look, rose, and gradually raised his eyes from the feet to the dreaded face. Then, like two nerce ana strange aogs meeuug, mej stood fronting each other — the one with a commanding look, the. other with low ering frown and quivering nostrils. The stranger spoke, but the Gaika shook his head In turn. "What does he say?" asked Hume. "He speaks strangely, sieur." "Tr he a witch doctor?" "He is not of my people, nor of the Zulus, and'his toes turn out." "I wonder if this is our hermit?" said Webster. " Aye, the same thought occurred to me ; and the man who could leap over that fence as he did could have no diffi culty in knocking me down." While they were talking the stranger looked at them furtively. Hume cut a piece off a twist of Boer tobacco and handed it to the man, who took it with a gleam of satisfaction, cut a piece off with his assegai, and put it into his inoutli. The Gaika stalked away, and crept under the waggon, the stranger stopping his jaws to watch him, until he heard the sigh of a man who lies down to sleep, when he appeared more at ease. Presently he squatted by the flre, spreading his hands before him, and, in a guttural voice, said, .."Brandy.'' "His vocabulary may be limited," said Webster, drily; "but it is useful,", and ho went to the waggon box for the stone demijohn in which they carried the Dbp brandy. - - Hume had his eye on the man and saw him shift an assegai to his right hand, whereupon he pulled back the hammer of his rifle with a click that drew a swift, furtive glance upon him. The brandy was poured out and drunk with a resounding smack, and in jubi lation he shouted out, after the Kaffir fashion, a few words of praise, and at the noise . the oxen stirred. "Yoh," came the sharp exclamation, "Is that you, Klaas?" "The bush, sieur — the bush it moves." "What the devil" . Look after that fellow, Jim, while I see into this," and Hume bolted round the waggon. "Well, Klaas?" The Gaika was not there, but Hume heard him talking, to the oxen and ran forward.- "What is it?'.' ' "Men .come in to cut rheims again, and take away the bush fence." "Where are they?" said Hume, throw ing up his rifle. "They run when they see me. That man by the fire no. good. So I went by the waggon, and watch— bymby, when (Commenced Publication August 22.) lie drink and call out one word, he shout in Zulu — beleka — 'quick.' So I leave the waggon." llold that fellow!" shouted Hume, but there came a stilled cry from Web ster, and when he got round the man had gone, and Jim was rubbing his eyes. "Hang the swab," he said; "he threw a handful of dust in my eyes when 1 attempted to seize him, and bounded away. What new devilment's afoot?" "That fellow was in league with someone, and another attempt has been made to stampede the oxen. They beat us at every turn." "You are very noisy out there,'' said a voice from the waggon. "We have been entertaining a guest, and he has just left us," said Hume, with a wry face. "A guest in this place, and at such an hour. You should have given me the opportunity of sharing the plea sure." "We did not wish to disturb you." A close inspection was made of the fence, and three large branches, which had been removed, were replaced. Then the three men, each taking up a dif ferent post, kept watch again until the dawn. CHAPTER XXIII.— A DUEL. Thev agreed to keep back from Laura the alarming incident of the night, and when she stepped out in the morning full of curiosity they made light of their strange visitor, and drew her at tention instead to the huge body of the old lion. But though they would give her no cause for fresh anxiety, their minds were troubled and their glances | continually roaming over the country j ni.vn fRn /lariFAr liiPV WGr€ SUfC i.Ui Oit)U VJ "".13-- v was preparing for them. "It is not right," said Hume, "that we should expose her to these tenors and risks." " "True, my lad; and there is a look in her eyes already which I do not like. ' "What are you talking' about so gloom ily?" she asked. i "The fact is," said Frank, gravely, ' "we have made a mistake in bringing you into this wilderness, and we think we should take you back to Pretoria, or, at any rate, to some farm where you could stay safely while we returned from the search." "Then something d'.d occur last night, she said, looking from one to the other. "The lion occurred," said Webster, with the ghost of a smile. "There is nothing very terrible in a dead lion. You are keeping back something from me." "We are just entering upon the most dangerous part of our journey, and the risks we have encountered are nothing compared to those we must expect, but they have been bad enough to alarm us on your account. We feel that we can not expose you to the dangers and strain of constant alarms." "You should know by this time." she said, slowly, " that I am prepared to encounter danger, and we have alreauy discussed and faced this very matter when we reckoned up the difficulties and hardships of the enterprise. I am resolved to continue, unless my pre sence tires you." "Heaven forbid!" they muttered. "Then be satisfied," she said, with a sad smile; "you are relieved of the re sponsibility which you think due to me because I am a woman, for if I knew death were awaiting, me over there among those grim mountains I would not draw back."- They shuddered. "Come," she said "I liave put into words what was in your thoughts. Tell me now what happened last night, and let me judge whether the danger be the greater." So they told her. "Now, see if you had not told me, I should have magnified horrors out of the unknown; but now the incident sinks into the plot of a cunning native to steal our oxen. These people can have no designs on our lives." They sat down to their little camp, table, and then for an hour afterwards they cut bundles of long grass for their oxen that night, as Hume was deter mined to make long treks until they reached the vlei or lake. The oxen were then inspanned. and they started, Hume going cm ahead. Miss Anstrade sitting in the back of the wag gon with her little rifle, while Webster handled jihe long whip, and Klaas led the oxen. They passed along a ridge, whose wooded slopes sank to the river, disturbing many troops of big game as the waggon creaked and rumbled slowly on between huge ant-hills, and in and out among aloes, standing like sentinels. At noon they reached the lip of the pla teau, and below tliem stretched a wide plain, where gleamed a large sheet of water, with moving troops of game around. Here they out spanned for the midday rest, and, with the map before them, traced the route taken hy Old Hume, away to the right, across the river, through a wide belt of reeds, which shone in the sun like a white streak, then up the far distant range of nigged moun tains. "I feel within me the glow of the ex plorer who sees the mists veiling the bed of a mighty and unknown river," said Miss Anstrade, as she looked with kindling eyes over the low-lying coun try, "But the way seems so easy that a horrible doubt arises. Surely someone must nave oeen oeiore us. "What do you think, Webster?" "It seems to me to be plain sailing ; but no doubt a nearer view would open up reefs and difficulties." " Yes, difficulties enough. Now, see that belt of reeds looking like a ribbon for thickness, it must be three miles in width, and saturated with water. It will need a struggle to get through. Then there is the mountain to climb, and a particular spot in it to find, and beyond that the dangers from those who are said to protect the Rock; but before we enter upon any of those tasks we have to reach that sheet of water, which must be some twenty miles off, and there we may be forced to abandon our wag gon." "Why should we; the country looks quiet enough?" "Weii. our party is too small to divide, and in anything we attempt we must keep together. As for the country being quiet, I can see smoke rising from three different kraals, and, depend upon It, as soon as the people see us they will swarm round, ready to beg, steal, or fight." The day was sultry, with a hot steam rising from the marshy lowlands, and they soon sought the welcome shade of the boabab, whose wide-spreading bran ches sent down roots to the ground. The ground beneath, in a wide circle, had been trampled bare of grass by buffalo and wild beast, which had here resorted to rub their tough hides against the rough stems; there were the remains.too, of old fires, and on the parent trunk, high up, where the bark was smooth, tiie handiwork of some roving white man, who had deeply scored his ini tials. "It is quite a fresh scar," said Web ster, noticing the marks. "By Jove, yes! and made within the day; for, see, here are parts of the old bark on the ground. What is it? D,H,— the initials of my uncle." "But cut to-day!" exclaimed Web ster. "No," said Hume, who had climbed up on a huge root, which, stood out like a buttress; "it is an old scar re-opened. "Baas," said Klaas, warningly; "here come men. They started round, snatched up their rifles, and looked about, to see a small body of natives hesitating whether to advance or not. "Advance," said Hume, in Zulu. The leading man at. once stepped for ward, the others following, and in a few moments six stalwart natives, armed with assegais and shields, were looking curiously at the small party of whites. "Greeting, inkose," said the leader, in deep ionos, looking out of the corner of iiis eye at Miss Anstrade. "To you also," said Hume, quietly. The men stood silent for a full minute? but their quick glances took in every de tail, coming back always to the slender form of the white lady. "I come from the great chief. Gungun- liama. the strong one." said the leader, "and demand a present from the strang er." "Demand," said Hume. "Oh, aye, the country is his, the game in it. and the people, inkose must pay, or take the path lie lias travelled." "You have flown fast if you come from Gungunh.una, for his km-af-isix suns away." "My chief is not one who sends a word io each white man who enters his coun try. He moves himself only when he wishes to strike, and his word is spoken to little people through his Indunas." "So," said Hume, swallowing his wrath, "1 have a present for the chief; but I must know that the man I give it to is the one authorised to receive." "You are few, and one of you Is a wo man," said the Zulu, coolly taking a pin on oi miiuu. »o i orougnt oniy these men. If your present Sb large I can bring a regiment, that of Incomati. to night, and my young men are quick to anger." This was a veiled threat that checked Hume, who had been disposed to carry, matters with a high hand. "Sit," he said, "and cat. Klaas, give t hese men meal." Klaas did as he was ordered, and the Zulus eyed him disdainfully at flrst.then subjected him to a running flre of sting ing criticism. Presently he answered back, and one of the younger men struck ' at his shins with a kerrie. The Gallta's blood was up, and, fling ing the venison down in the ashes, lie ran for iiis sticks, while the young Zulu, Willi a jeering laugh, rose to his feet. " Drop those sticks, Klaas,' shouted Hume, angrily. Klaas hesitated, then sullenly re placed his kerries and turned away, whereat the Zulus laughed again. "It is not fitting that we should serve ourselves," said the induna; "let thlB servant wait on us." Hume called to the Gaika to attend to the guests, but he clicked iiis tongue U-Jiu HOUIQ noi ITJO v o. "Come," said Miss Anstrade, gently "do as you are told, Klaas." Thereupon Klaas moved slowly to the flre, placed the kettle on to boil, and made coffee, while all the time a run ning fire of chaff was fumed on him. "It seems they want to provoke him." muttered Webster, with an unfriendly glance at the arrogant natives. "Yes," said Hume, "and it is contrary to their custom, for Zulus are aristo crats." When the visitors had fed, Hume brought out from t lie waggon a roll of colored print, e. railway rug, and a fewi knives, which he laid on the ground. The Induna regarded them contemp tuously, and, after a long argument, Hume added a couple of blankets and a roll of brass wire to the articles. At a shout from the Induna, four other men appeared, gathered up the pre sents, and departed. Then the Induna demanded something for himself, and re ceiving a quarter of what he asked, pre sently rose, whereupon the young Zulu, . a tall and powerful savage, deliberately emptied the steaming contents of his, pannikin over Klaas's bare feet. With, a bound Klaas reached his sticks, and ' this time Hume did not interfere. "You will not let them fight," im-_ piored Mies Anstrade. "Yes, said Hume, "Jviaias comes ai a. tribe who have no equals In the use of sticks, and he will teach this young . brute a lesson. Now," he continued, turning to the Induna, "you wish these men to fight. Let them; but if one of you raise a hand to help I will shoot him." The Induna smiled contemptuously. "A Zulu is better than three slaves and sons of slaves. My man will beat . him; hut you must not help either. Let them battle in the open, and we will stand here." Miss Anstrade cast one shuddering look at the two men ; then, suddenly, running forward, she dipped her hand kerchief in the water, bade Klaas lift bis foot, and made a bandage round the inflamed ankle. Then she climbed into the waggon and stopped her ears to the fierce sound of the strife. Klaas threw his head hack, and shouted the Oalka war cry, then .rolled, a blanket about his left arm, and moved forward with iiis long iron- wood kerrie outstretched. He was an older man than the Zulu, shorter and thinner, and" "WITH A CRY OF YAYATE,' HE LEAPED THE THORNS-A WONDERFUL BOUND;" his much-patched clothes made his movements appear awkward when com pared with the a«iJe grace of the almost- naked Zulu, whose, smooth skin shone like satin. In his left hand the Zu u held a long shield, while hts left hand a short hut beat 11. taZ£?1S!'-M Mrtr matched." grmvM WehM-r: "cii'l ihel h'lhm ha a further advantage in his shield and heavy stick. , -The tJaika does not think sc. Look at his face," , The small eyes of the Kaffir glistened like those ot an animal, and he fol- ( lowed every movement of the Zulu, who j was going through a performance by ' which he meant to strike his opponent Willi terror at his prowess. He leaped into the air, bounded from side to side, danced on his tors. twisted, turned, struck at the ground — all the time accompanying these antics with shouts and deep grunt. "Enough." said the Oaifca; "these are for children. Stand still and fight." The Zulu paused astonished, then, with Jtis shield before him, he advanced, crouching to the attack, and springing suddenly into the air struck swiftly a blow that would have settled the fate of Klaas had he not bean prepared, but springing light! y to one side, lie rapped bis cnetnv across ids broad back. The Zulu - bounded forward out of reach, tuned, and again advanced im petuously. his glaring eyeballs showing above the feathered tufi at the end of his shield. This time Klaus did not wait, but swinging his five feet of tough kerrie he delivered, in rapid succession, three sweeping blows, one at tlio head, the next at the body, and the last at the bare toes, and then springing back to keep the proper distance fur a telling Wow. The Zulu rushed in again to be again beaten back by blows delivered with lightning rapidity, one of which drew the blood from his forehead; then lie sprang from side to side, advanced, retreated, and feinted, until his move ments were almost too rapid to follow, and at last bounded forward with stir,, uplifted. "By jove," muttered Webster, "lie will kill hiin." The Gaikfi has his kerrie trailing from )iis side, and as the Zulu bounds through Bie air he makes a sweeping blow up wards, which, falling full on the Zulu's elbow, makes him drop his slick. As it falls, Klaas knocks it away with a back handed blow, and springs between it and bis foe. : There is a fierce cry from the Induna, a triumphant shout from the two white, men, and the tall Zulu, standing with Ids arm at his side, looks with blood-sliot eyes and curling lips at the despised Kaffir. A minute he stands panting heavily, then his hand steals behind his thleld. and he draws forth a shori-hafl- ed. Jong-biaded slabbing assegai. "Stop!" thunders Hume. "It is a fight." says the Induna, sullen ly fingering his assegai. "Ail right, my baas," says Klaas. and. with his left arm across his body, he vhakes his stick. The Zulu throws forward his shield at full lenglh, and walks forward warily, determined to get in one stab, his right nrm held back, out of reach of that Whirling stick. "It is murder." said "Webster, hoarse- Twice the long blade darts out like the tongue of a snake, and the second time It pierces the Gaika's thigh; but the Gaj- ka is not idle, and the air whistles to his rushing blows, and the drumming on the hard shield is continuous. Still the Zulu presses relentlessly, though the blood is trickling over his face, and his shoulders show lite marks of angry blows. At last he gives his war-cry, "Zu-tu." and. throwing his shield above his head., he makes one fierce thrust. The blade is caught.however, in the folds of the blanket, and the kerrie comes with a sounding crack across the un protected shins, bringing the Zulu to the ground. Klaas picks up the assegai, and throws his ha/id back to stab, but Hume, expecting this, has reached his side, and seizes his wrist. Then the prostrate Zu lu bounded to his feet, and ran to his friends for another assegai. "Enough!" cries Hume, sternly. "Go!" In five minutes the little party are left alone, lite Induna and his followers hav ing moved off without a word. "Are you hurt, Klaas ?" said Hume, While Webster is shaking the Kaffir by . his bruised and bleeding hand. "Kelt, baas; the Zulu is no good with kerrie. Will baas give me supje -bra n- dy ?" The baas gives him two. which Klaas drinks with a smack of his lips, then, with his eyes still glowing, he swells out his chesl, and sings his song of victory, (To be continued.) 