MeBWMMNY ittllE Br JAMES McGOVAN,. Author of "Brought to Bay," "Hunted Down," &e.; ' An exultant lover-left the Waverley station one afternoon in December to walk out" to lieho Bank to the house of his sweetheart, from whom he had been separated for jwhole six months on end. . His name' was Philip Struthers. Ho was clerk in a Glasgow ware house, and at that moment he did not seem-to walk on pavement but to tread on air; and.the cause lay chiefly inside the leather bag which • he carried, in which were two morocco-covered cases containing respectively a gold ring-set with stones and a gold watch, lady's size. Both were intended for his sweetheart; both . bad been promised for six months, and both lay there in that bag ready to be handed over to the lovely gazelle at that moment awaiting - their arrival. Ho was gingerly crossing the-muddy street, , intent on saving his pretty boots, when a'-' grocer's van dashed round the corner, knocked. him over on his back, and was out of sight; . before he could swear twice. The place is retired and it was nearly dark, so Struther3 had almost managed to get on his feet again before anyone came to his help, and then it was only a laborer, who arossed the street; helped him to the side, and diligently scraped' him down, partly with a pocket-knife and partly with some bills blown down from a wall close by. Struthers was a pitiable sight; his coat muddy all over, his satin hat bashed in and. wet, his hands bruised, and his bag knocked away some ten feet into the biggest • pool on the road. It does nob appear that the . bag was knocked open; it was merely dirtied and wet; and when the laborer had cleaned ^ and sympathised with the hapless owner he - offered to carry it the rest of the way, which offer was gladly accepted. He allowed the man to take the bag, while he walked on a few paces in advance to the house of his sweetheart at Ecffo Bank. The bag, be it observed, wa3 not locked during that five minutes' walk and the bearer, though behind Struthers, was never far from his heels. When he reached the house the man gave up the bag and turned to leave. "Stop, I must give you something for your trouble," cried Struthers, but the man only looked back once and said— ■ "Not a penny, sir, not a penny!" Miss Sutherland and her mother were dress- ■ makers of an aristocratic turn' of mind, who thought it rather a condescension on their part to favor an alliance with a poor clerk, and after the first shriek of recognition, when the bruised and muddy object hailed them with a ghastly smile, they came to the cruel conclusion that Struthers had been drinking. ' As a matter of fact ho was a teetotaller and was only a little confused with the accident. The mother stif fened perceptibly and the daughter positively froze. ~ "You surely don't blame me for being nearly ridden over and killed ?" said the battered clerk in that meek tone peculiar to men before marriage. "I really couldn't help-it andl' mjght have been killed. Yes, Meiinda, you might never have seen mo alive 1" he added with a pathetic sniffle. Meiinda tossed her head and looked as if she doubted him very much. She was at that age when women are very high minded and delight, to torture those whom they have enslaved.' "I hope—I hope you haven't beep in bad • company ?" suspiciously suggested the mother. "You could have been here an hour ago." - "No, no, I have walked straight from the station," wildly protested Struthers, with his soul sinking to zero at the reception. "Walked?" echoed Meiinda, with a divine curl of the nose. -" You walked though you knew I was waiting for you. You couldn't be. - very eager to get here; you- surely don't love me much J" and .she _ screwed out a tear and , looked very sulky indeed and- Struthers felt, that all his hopes trembled-in the balance. . Now was the time to bring out his grand presents. Now was the moment to flash jewels, before the those lowering faces and dissipate every(angry thought. "Love you?" he echoed, turning eagerly to his muddy bag. " Wait till you see what I've' got for you. A £20 gold-watch and a ring that the Queen might be proud to wear; had them made specially for you, regardless of . expense, for nothing is too good for my' Meiinda." , . , He opened his_ bag, while the stern faces relaxed a little in curiosity and expectation. A little to his surprise the -,neat little parcels,: sealed up in whits paper, were not on the top where he had last seen them. He turned out" his spare shirt, his collars, his slippers, and the' soft goods, and then goggled wildly into the' empty bag. The valuable presents which had cost him a year's saving and scrimping were gone.' He shook the bag; shook out the shirt and collars and even felt madly inside the slippers, • but without success, and then he looked up in the savage faces, with death at his heart, and feebly gasped out—r- ' "I—I don't see them?' "I daresay not," snorted Mrs; Sutherland. "Some.of your drinking companies have gob them I've no doubt." VNot at all," cried Meiinda, blazing with wrath. "I see it all. They've never been in the bag at all.. It has been a cruel decep- . tion from beginning to end, like bis love for me. It's a wonder he didn't tell us hnhad been robbed after being knocked down in the mud." "I have been robbed," cried the distracted lover. " That laborer who carried the bag for; me must have opened it behind my back and! helped himself." "A pretty story/' said the mother, with cutting scorn. ' . "Yes; you should send it to thepapers, it's so good," added the lovely Meiinda, using her . handkerchief freely. "It's not the loss of the trumpery presents I care for; it's the decep tioa—the wretched attempt to cheat me. Oh, it's mean !—but men are all that." : "All!" emphatically pursued her mother, who had been married and knew. " But, my darling, you mhst know that "Don't darling me," cried Meiinda. "I am not your darling now. It is all over between us; never, never to be made up." "Nonsense, my dear," he returned, "this matter can be cleared up. MeGovan, the detective, will so'on get back the stolen articles, and then—surely then you Will believe me." - ' "MeGovan, indeed !' cried the mother with noble scorn, "another liar, like yourself.' Don't try to deceive us any longer, but confess' the fraud." • " Come with me then to the Central Police Office and hear me give in the case," wildly ■ answered Struthers, wishing that love had never been created. "I expected sympathy, but instead I get only abuse. I think I had better go and drown myself." "It would be easier to do that than deceive me," observed the motherwith a knowing look which augured well for her sharpness after her daughters marriage; "but I'll go with you to the Central and listen to your story, just to see if it deceives a detective/* "I'll go too," said Meiinda with deter- V mined coldness, as her lover tried to catch her eye and touch her heart with a look that would have melted a granite paving-stone. . " I'll never trust a man again;" • Their belief was that Struther3 would quail and confess rather than go near a police-office, but a little to their surprise he accompanied them right into the High-street and eagerly led the way into the Central, where he intro duced himself tome and told his story much as I have set it down. I saw by the faces of his companions that there was a' screw lose somewhere, but he did not understand it till the mother impatiently observed to me— . ." Well, sir, you've heard his story. What, do you think 6f it ?" ' j I opened my eyes a little trader the greenish - glare of her own, and then, suddenly "catch- " ing on" to the situation, I gravely ansivered-1 "I think, ma'am, that he is a very unfortunate man." •. . , V * She was not deficient in womanly quickness, for she sharply asked—•' ' - "' "What do you mean by that, sir?' - "I mean that I don't think he will ever.see " the lost articles again," I. cheerfully hastened to answer, while she lowered suspiciously at me. . _ "Oh, is that all? Do you think theartides were ever there to.be seep?" . " That's it," Struthers hurriedly interposed in a heart-broken tone, " they seem to believe that I"never had. the ring' and the watch there to be stolen. You see bow it is then, Mr. ; MeGovan, not only the ring and watch but all my hopes for^ife depend on you exerting your- ' self in this ease." ; ' ''Then all I have to say is that your hopes rest onapoor foundation," I pityingly made answer.. "Can you not prove that- yon had' ' the articles in the bag- when you came from Glasgow? Where did you get them?- Have you got an account ?' ■ . - ,i... "I bought them," Struthers answered with some hesitation, "specially for "MIrr Suther land." "Where?' • "Oh, as to that—does it matter?' and'he blushed to the temples.: - ' . . - : "Yes, if you are to prove possession." ' "Well, I bought them at a sale—anauctionj as it is called," and the miserable being looked ' as if he'could have sunk through, the floor with - shame. "Atasale. Well, what did you pav for them?' "I paid £310s. for the watch and 22s. for the ring," he humbly stammered out, while a ' pair of tiny screams escaped , the aristocratic ^ dressmaker. "Oh! oh,! and ho said to us that'ho had- ' them specially made to- order in London and .that"-tuo watch cost him- £20," cried the : moth-.-,- with indignation. "Not worth be lieving,for a-moment." she observed to me as shegi-i'jidly gathered up her skirts to go. "It - you tiua tiiosesplendid- presents bought'atasale: - and ; c^'ueniently lost on the way from "the ! station onll be a clever detective. 'Come away, Meiinda/'aptf-they whisljedput) ^n| befo°Ufc^.another glance at. the unhappy ...Strutfiera .seemed., to? ''have 'all -the' soul .knocked out of him by this last act, for he dropped into; the ■: nearest. seat, took out a \- handkerchief, and wept, copiously. - *. ■j-'-f ^y-M two after.<Struthers'.departure a .dairy farmer named Peter McRorie,. who had • ? P"''0® near ^e. b®ad of •Preston-street, came Central with a'cUriofiS complaint. He had >• hheid-near"his: byres. from which a crop of potatoes had been lifted, < and his complaint was i that the pit in,which these were, stored had been several times opened during the night anaa great-.quantity of potatoes carried away. McRorie was.-,a big man and could have coped single-handed with three ordinary men, yet, , to my surprise, he appeared-strangely in . awe of the potato stealer. ■ Vl^y did .you h°fc set a watch on the ' P?tates. I asked, wondering what was behind his fadgoty manner. . "Idid watch them mvsel' wi' a loaded gun m my hands for .twa nichts, hut the thief never appeared, but next day the taties were pane just as usual."- , , 4ben it a ghost that steals the tatties ! I cried at last,, diviuing.his secret. . seems," he awkwardly admitted. • ; Mcitorie departed after ! had got all the information I needed out of him, and then I , called in-MeSweeny and explained the case to him m my own-way. .."It'll be some wan. about the place,' he suggested,.when Iliad. finished. ' Ilxaculy -done up. with an'old-bedgown, add d^"3' look like a ghost," ;I 'casually . i' Paith, if, I get mo two hands on him I'll ,; mke .short, work of. his, bedgoum," ..said . .. McSweeny.., , ... . , , , • , -."But supposing he were, a real ghost?' I suggested; ••' '*3?!,. can'li lift potatoes," Baid ?jalr o£ an exert; so it was ... settled th%t;he should take the post of honor ; ,-.m the case—that is, that,he should be allowed ' 5 P?tato &*>: We went out ', th0 place after dark and then found that the : >post of,honorwas in a pigsty. The nicr was ; shut up in his sleeping pen and then McRorie put,a, bundle of clean "straw into the pig's ' cm chat MeSweeny squatted fw watch. There was no place nearer than s the byre for McRorie and'me, but •: MeSweeny^confidently, declared that neither of wwv 11 needed in 'the capture, which would be all over before we could getr half way ,. ,Thes.e„'. Plana succeeded . i m all but one trifling particular. Ifc . ^was a very dark night and from the byre we ., :cpuld gee McS weeny's hid ifig place, butnot tho . potato, pit- beyond. When, therefore, the v;§b?.sfc aPPejred to him we saw nothing. He declared .afterwards chat what he saw was a white form rise straightout of the solid earth , ghde, to wards the potato pit, over which it i-.TOSPraaiyeJy .for. some moments. The rising ' , ,?'®eeaF'l! had simply been amau in dark r clothes .putting a white sheet over him and • walking,forward and filling a small sack with Ppw;!®?^-;Dafc MeSweeny, I believe, was so telTorised that he shut his eyes and cowered down tifi.tlm deed was done. When the man his plunder to the extreme end or tne held I saw a white figure for the first 'feff out to McRorie— " 8 somedne getting over the wall!" {■McRorie responded, but faintly and I sup , /pose was quaking as much as MeSweeny, but . my-shout as .1 ran- out , roused them both. MeSweeny. had the start, of us and reached •' bian got over, but was en . taagled m the sheet which the thief threw back be escaped.-He was still wriggling madly in the folds when we dashed up and! think the potato stealer, I -promptly knocked him down, sheet and all, and had him- pommelled, all over before his yells con my mistake. Meanwhile the tmefnad escaped and I ivas in an exceedingly bad .temper with both of them. ftaww'see.-Mm or the potatoeiagain," . J,Srpw,'ed to McRone. "Is there no onehbout the placeypu can suspect?' / ■ >,V?be:°nly one is Dennis McCarthy, the man' Who goes round with the van," said kcRorie. I've sttspected him all along, but ifs no safe to accuse a man unlessye're sure." . ^sh.'We velost .our chance now, for even f we went to his house you could never swear \- to the potatoes." wl^a*8- wrang," said McRorie ■«£* P^mSfcly- . Jt he took the tatties at the richt place 111 swear to them ooto'ten thoosand different kinds.31 "Oh, indeed, they're a special kind, then, of yourown gromng ?" I sceptically returned. Miil0'C0mnl-0n Regent's, 'b® same as maist tplks-are growing" this year. ^-"5-ben how can you'swear to them?' I snappishly rejoined. • £^0^.never you mind; show me the tatties \- and I . show you the • proof," he darkly ^wered ■ and to please him we went in to I mn^l back- court in St. Leonards, near the Crcas Causeway, where we knocked loudly at : ^te0f,the. b°use occupied by McCarthy, ^he/whole family were m bed and apparently ' i-k ssleep that we had to nearly smash in the door .before they could be roused, but in' \- ,^e.end we were admitted, and then I saw at ' 5w by he . expression of McCarthy's face ijfj be.was.filled with fear and excitement. • I Shi?! th? middle the room ? we searched the place.- Under the bed .empty sack, which still showed stains, and jm a coal bunker at the or.^"Sw!mSc?e'*8I?ts'" Sa^d McRorie promptly. a.fter a -keen look at one or two of tbeiti:dimng which he turned them round u for mspection, he ex ^med— They're the tatties stolen from my ? bppe for salvation,' y' ^be wife, bought them ^ties .from a man-at the door three days ■ "How do you know they're yours?"• I °f McRorie, surprised at his confi hJihfe!? bere,." and he showed me a small' S S? 8 ®y0 °f the potato in his ' S^ . 9AtlSed up with the point of his fe^^cSP^duy proved to bea common pin. kapmintotheee o'abouta'humfced ^ ^hen naebody was near here.^ a°0 ^ .nearly every, tattie .. McCarthy collapsed miserably on hearing the f"°UB detection explainedbut for form's wo/i C°'i11tlI1,Uted. search> though he .pro tested loudly that there was no more to dis S that he pleaded gnUty and would , meekly accept his punishment. His verv rX^o^r38 be taken away and locked up flli K®111™1!' ^bmh increased when he firmly dared me to break open a green-painted trunk which we dragged from under the bed , J^^-the trunk, we found some- very ragged worth perhaps sixpence altogether, ' i ^-oyS ™ea v. ^?se-a Iady's sold watch and t1-J?^f,rmS,'.-b°th in neat morocco cases. McCarthy said at -first that they were .. cherished heirlooms, but after a little fnr^aw? had" never seen them be fore, and that they and the green-painted trunk and the rags must have.heen left by the fusing up the books at the 1 bad-quite forgotten ' ^ f?und «the articles fuUy de " TW«k aD'f McCarthy's ugly features as well. ' 4- had therefore only to go out to Mrs. Suther- i ;f lAvCii. fcfr>v?rds send t0 Glasgow to bav® both the plunder and .the thie f identified • 7 S°! B'x"rn°utbs' imprisonment and' Struthers got hack his., treasures. Melinda was by that time as sweet as sugar to him, and apologies for her cruel treatment of him on .his last visit, but, alas ! her penitence cafe too hte,- ,Struthers had recovered from his.distemper and steeled •his heart to her shufc -the despised treasures sin n.'?,Ppeket, and soon after bestowed both them fil: M - f another woman. Melinda got Ipfty-as,she advanced in years, and now when she ps a sharp-faced.'oid maid, would accept anything m the shape of a man. ( Some months, ago'Mr.. F.- W; Hannoke, Berlin^, when visiting Adelaide, decided to t whether: a South " AustraJan Chablis, wot endure the voyage home without deterioratic 'and .Mr.A D. Bruce, manager of Mr. ■ Seppelt's city depot,, informs iis that he :-l received^ from-Mr. Hannoke a letter whi . states that the .wine reached Berlin in perf< condition. ; Chablis being a wine of very 1< ' alcoholic strength, and consequently extremi ; sensitive to" unfavorable conditions, such attend'a' journey- through the tropics, t . result is important and very reassuring. \- A largely-attended meeting of bakers a others interested in the bakers'annual pici was held at the Trades Hall on Thursd evening, and a eommittee was elected, cc sistmg of Messrs. F. C. Hahn (chairman), Cruickshank (secretary), H. Donald (treashre Kinnaird,. LawBon, Gunston, Young, Forre Ash,_ .and Eleass,. It was decided to hold t picnic on the first Wednesday in March. , A concert in aid of the local Christmas cheer fund wiU'be given in St. Beters Town Hall on xSaturdaypight;. .' : , . .. " 