? (Bv J. D., Coolgardie.) / Hc'il toiiipad it up from. Southern Cr*s« b«: fore.the railway ran, . . . Ho h»'d no ntliPi- n>me amongst the boys than * Curly Dan Y ; • # A n.Uered- haired wait be was, tkat no on® seemed to claim, . , . • . He had no parent*, so he said, ami didnt knoWlii* name. He'd' 'stowed if 011 the steamer, and h«d * stowed it' on the train, And we clubbed a bit of boodle, that he mjght go back again : But he wouldn't face the back track, he was going to see it through, «I want to fcee the country, an' I'm goiii' en with you.' > Tli-.»rtiat he «aid, when Johnion, who d a kid about hi« age, , Tn"«d to <'OHX the hoy (o ' cLiwck it.' but he jumped up in A rage ; ' fi-v • I'm not a b»by ; I'm no • kid,' / (l .rc 4 ict to u»e the language, bat by the Youngster did.) f 'I'm agoin'to Coolgardie, as I thought by this vou'd known', " 'K if Yoiis e )Te» don't want me, well I'll pad it on my own : 'N more than that I'll bet yer, though I'm younir and you* are old. That I'll not be far bshind yci, when yer up amongst the gold. I aiii't no blooniin'Siew chum, though I ain't so old as Home, *N you'll iiiid if I'm in trouble, I'll not sit and Hick my thumb ;. j» m game to bit a shillin' 111 be useful in the camp, So wot d'y siy about it, shall I htay with • * Yous, or tramp V t . * Let him stay,' the bov» all voted, and old Johnson fez ' All right, -But I think he'll never make it, lie's so weedy, and so slight: ' ' It's an awful place for young nne, with the fever ragin' round. 'NI rather think we'll leare him there behind us.underground.' So Ave took him, and the yoimg«ter tramped his journey with the rest, Nerer whimpered, though I often felt inclined to give it./best ; When we anchored at Coolgardie, he was .itehing to get out, Where the mines was opera! in', aud the diggers were about. 'N he°graftcd like a nigger from the town out to the field. Thinking every ««tone he lighted quite an ounce of gold would yield. When we got out to the ' Feather,' where we meant to make a stay, Dan wasliunting in the ranges for 'formations' every day : But his luck was only middlin', and he never struck it thick, Though he oftenygot the colour, poimdin' . pieces with his pick. We w.erc workin' pretty steady—dollyin- out a bit of dust, We were never very wealthy, and were nerer fairly bust; And while two was in the ranges lookin 5 out for something good, We kept playiir with the dolly, so's to keep the camp in food. Mind, we knew the gold was near, but it takes a lot 4o pay, In a country where your tucker costs at least a crown a day ; I And a two ounce show ain't nothin' in that dusty western hell, You nm-t show yer twenty ounces, if you want to try and sell. Ho Are pegged away in patience, persevering through it all, (Which"is why 'The rerseverance' is the name we gave our haul) : . But the work was aggravatin', for the days came up and passed ; Though the show was lookin' better, every day was like, the last. We'd a leader that was panniu' very jiicely but yon see, A leader ain't no value, 'less the gold is -wj free : And the mighty big ' formation' which we thought was somewhere near, Carrying gold in every handful, didn't come, our hearts to cheer. All around us, too, the fellows were a scratchin' out the gold, And two or three had fixed it, for their 'mines were nicely sold ; "N our youngster got the needle every night when ' knock off' came, To hear the same old story, • Thiugs is pretty much the same,' 'N he give us all a lecture as we sat around one night, •Itstrikes me very forcible, 1 says he, 'you iiAn't doin' right: "Voii keep on grubbiu', grubbin'—are y' goin' ter sink ter hell, Why don't yon chuck the dolty, 'n come out with me a spell/ Well we laughed. The bloomin' youngiter got as mad as mad could be. 5 * I can see,' he says, ' this business is agoin' to fall on me ; You ain't got any enterprise —a fool could sling a pick— I'll find a reef and sell it—gor blimey, pretty Next quick.' morning, after breakfast, Danny started for the range, And we jollied him a little, but he gave us back our change ; ' You can keep on there,' he shouted ; grubbin' down for bread and beef, But I'm goin' to travel further—I'm spin to find a reef? I .HewWi.JMck'for.'^peri'-^d hc^idu't 'N^ld^ohamah&'gre^ an^du^ that the kid was riot all right; ' * «So, J says*he, 'I'll keep oa goin', potterm westward on the range,. *• •* • , ... For I think the kid's.been uiek'mn, he s bin • actin' very strange: He said he'd " travel further,' and it seem* to strike me how, . ' ' . , Tlii't he'll, may>»e; travd: someday, where be won't get back nohow.* It was midnight when we heard Jiim, coirira' si owl v back to cainp, . 'I think that eounds like JohnBon, but it ain't like .lohmon's tramp'; .. That's wkafc I says when I heard him—I was pretty nearly right, For be comes a staggerin' in there, lookin ghastly in the light. ^ ' Chased by niggers? ' Seen a ghost, Bill t ' Wheretf.tlic «au / all«poKe as one, But he didn't try to answer—he was deacl knocked up ami done. When he'd sat there for a minute, he says— * P»ov«, it's my belief, That it ain't to-dav nor yesterday, the young uo found that reef; . • i , He's been pottoiin' all along it, and Jor thirty feet or more, He's got little piles of samples—some ol (/us ere Fort-of ore. , , ,. ('N lie showed us stuff would blind y , goki in everv bit o' stone, _ Wot the kiddy found wlien giiiftm, m the ranges on his own)': ' But where is he. Johnson loll us what s become of Curh- Dan ?' ' ' That's ju^ wot l can't tell y', soys llie old chap—no mail can. Yon won't netcr see the youngster any more till Judgment Day, When lie said he'd ' travel further, he meant travellin' to stay ; That ther; kid's been dyin slowly, but he wouldn't let us know, Till he'd found us something better than our little two ounce show. And I think-he must have dreamt it, or an angel must have shown Danny where to find the outcrop he prospected on his own ; So of all unlikely places where the yellow stuif could hide, The very most unlikely was the place wncre Dannv died.' How he'died, or what he died of, none of us was sure about. Ail we knew the little joker kept his word to ' travel out': Ami we sorrowed for his dyin', with an honest kind o' grief. 'N we d:\ink a bottle to him, when wc sold the youngster's reef. No, wc didn't put no tomfjstone on the *pot where Danny sleeps, 'Cos we've brought him back to Sydney, and we'll plant him there for keep*. 