' j A ROWDY; MEETING. . .. Mr Thomas .Bent, a candidate for the reprer. sentation of Melbourne South, who is not tin ning in. the- inter csts of any party, addressed, the electors in tho'jBohth Melbourne Town-hall on .Wednesday ninht. The hall was densoly crowded. From the first it was evident tnav the proceedings- wero-likely to be disorderly. Before the candidate arrived members of the audience marched on' to the platform in siiigle file ruid carried away all the chairs, leaving none for even the chairman. Each of these appro priations was (says the 'Argus') loudly cheered in turn, and when several others went 'up and drank the water intended for the irrigation of the candidate, it became evident that the can didate must depend entirely.;'oii his own merits, for there was nothing else to mainlain.hini. When Mr Bent arrived he was howled at for several minutes. Then the tumult subsided long enough tn allow Mr William Hodge to be elected ciltirnian. „ . . . .. Mr Bent, who was received with cries of " Go back to Brighton, Tommy," said : — Gentlemen; —I understand— (" Wo don't understand you") — that this meeting has attended herd to-night — ( " We will give you n doing") — for . the _ purpbso of hearing me. ("No, no." Interruption.) If you are satisfied— (" We are not satisfied." Up roar.) 1 have come here to speak ('.'Chuck it up.'. Why do. you .come to South Melbourne? Go back to. Brighton.") I ain asked why do I come to South Melbourne? I have done 22 years' honest public. (Boo hoos, laughter, and great interruption.) The Chairmain : We have, wasted something like a quarter of an hour, and you have heard nothing. Koep quiet, for 25 minutes and you will hear the candidate's views.: ("Wo know them too well already." Laughter.) . Now, give him a show. (" He has had too much show." Laughter. " Have another try, Tommy.") Mr Bent : For eight yenrs I havo been con nected with Johns and Waygood, the iron- founders and engineers. There is no sweating there. (" Five bob a day." Laughter.) No,' sir ; the firm stand high in the industrial com munity... (''.You aro a liar." Laughter and b-o hoos.) -If . you will permit mo. I will soy some-1 thing on- the question of federation, which is the' most important matter of the day. (" Nonsense.- What do you know about it ? Tell ns something about the Companies Bill." Laughter.) I will' tell you about that, too. Being- an - Australian myself— (loud laughter) -I am .one --of you. (" Go home, Tommy." Long-continued inter ruption.) I certainly did expect in this intelligent community- (" Oh, oh," laughter, and furthuri interruption.) It has been my principle through life- -("To fill your pocket" — loud laughter.) — to givoa fair field to everyone, and I ask- you for a few minutes of your time. (" Wo don't grow cabbage beads here." Interruption.) The Chairman : Give the gentleman a show. Surely you are not afraid of him. (" We don't want him here.") Mr Bent : You havo wanted mo before. (" You aro a shuffler, Tommy." Laughtor and continued uproar.; i won t stana nere u you don't wish to hear mo ; but I tell you I am going to the poll all tho same. (Boo-lioos and cheers.) I believe , tho people- of Victoria will not keep me outside of Pariinniont. I will not be kept outsido Parliament. - (Boo-hoos - and choers.) You take my word for it, I will not be kept out of Pa-liament. (Interruption.) Iam the wrong M 'Kay to be kept out tiy noiso. Now, as you won't let me speak, put any question you like to to me and I will answer it. Put the very nastiest question you can suggest. I will answer you. (Cheers and laughter. ) Does tho candidate think he has got a ghost of a show. (Laughter.) Had .he not better go and grow cabbages again ? Mr Bent : Two more meetings like this would put me in for any constituency. (Cheers and laughter.) A voice : Will the candidate, if elected, do his best to discover whoro the mace: went to. (Loud laughter.) Mr Bent ; The maco-was not-taken during my term' of office as Speaker! I- will give you a sovereign to look for it if you like. A Voice: Did. Tommy -Bent "strike" the mace? (Laughter.) . - Mr Bent : I don't understand rough phrases like that. (Loud laughter.) I was not billed to play a farce, but you seem to liko it; If I had charged 2s fid. admission I would havo mado a fortune at it. I think -the farce has gone far enough. A Voice :..Aro you in favour of ono man one voto ? Mr Bont : I am in favour of one vote for man hood and one for thrift. - If elected, on what side of the House would you sit ? Mr Bent : I will sit in opposition, straight. The Chairman : Here is a sensible question. I willread it as it is written — "Are you in favour of imported iron being manufactured in the colony. (Loud laughter.) Mr Bont : In answer to that, I may Bay that I am in favour of making Ballarat a seaport town. (Renewed laughter.) Are you in favour of a reform of the Upper House ? Mr Bont : I would reduce tho property quali- fication for candidates from £100 to £50, and I- would also reduce tho sizo of tho provinces. A Coloured Gentleman : Are you in favour of Allowing coloured men to join the police force. (Loud laughter.) Mr Bent : I don't want.any coloured men here at all, (Renewed laughter.) Mr Bent again essayed to address, the moot ing, but ho could not be heard, and ho con tented himself with moving a voto of thanks to the chairman.. 