ABOUT RINGS. A ring lias always been associated with marriages from time Immeijmr- hie. The l>ar£, sings o£ his love tor "his "fair ladye" pelngas '.'endless as the ring.' < The engagement ring is, |H perhaps, the . most .genuinely interest- ing bit o £ jewellery a. woman can wear. and tben there, is always .the strung possibility or her having a variety. though as an emblem of marriage. It was not mlt-oducea by the Christian church, as many suppose. Before the Introduction of coinage, the only circulation , of Egyptian gold was in the form of rings, and the Egyptian.- at- his marriage, placed one |H of these rings of gold on his bride's flngqr. ifls a token of entrusting her with , all Kls'iroperty. In out marriage cere- IB fnony we but -follow" this custom. Some of the birthday rings are won- HH derfully " unique, thfe various - lucky EH sunes being set lightly -on tiny wire of EJB gol<L_ Friendship ririg are less popu- lar than of yore, though occasionally fjH one sees them worn by a loyal devotee ;J|H of the pretty old custom. The lover's flH knot is the most common, neing either in silver or sold and very slender. |H The Fede ring presents several fez- tures of Interest, being composed of |H iwo'flat'hoons. accurately fitting each within the other, and kept In placo..by a corresponding projection on either ei« Hj treme edge, so that the two form, to all appearance, one body. A name is engraved on each, or a line of a distich in old French. The idea being, should the two friends sepa. rate, each could wear a single hw»p fas they are easily separated), and thus 9 be a means «»f recognition when again compared. "With joints as close as not to be perceived, yet. are they both each other's counterpart." The quaint, old-time hair rings ar? 9 no longer seen; their oddity was mnrp 9 noteworthy than their beauty; they 9 are "heirlooms" in every sense. Tt would seem odd in so smaJl a thing as the wearing of gold rings, yet in the olden nays there were various laws held by the Romans as to the wearing of |H these jewelled baubles. Tiberius mad a largo property qualification necessar> jH to thier wearing; the right was giver 3B to old Roman soldiers by Severus. The only ornaments worn by the knight? BE under Augustus were ancient rings of Bap iron, which were later held as a badge 9 I of servitude, an express decree of the B Stat' being necessary to. rightfully wear r; a solid gold ring. I Ambassadors to foreign missions were Bb invested with golden circles as a mark 9m of great respectability; these were is- BE sued bv the treasury with much cere- BE mony, not even the senators being al- |9| lowed to wear them in private life. B9 The earliest use of rings and the form 9B which they most generally took was SB of the. nature of a signet, and was used |H| to give authenticity to documents be- |B fore the art of writing was known to |B any but professional scribes. But they BB soon became symbols of power and au- |B thority. and we remember the Duke in 9H Twelfth Night sent his ring by Viola to 9fl his mistress Olivia, as a token that all gfl power was designated to the holder of IBj the ring. This signet was used by mer- flSj chants as their own private mark, equi- |B valent to our trade mark. and. more- over, was the only form rings took for a very long period. A form of signets ||B introduced into Egypt to the Etrus- |B cans was a gold swivel ring, mount IB ed with a scarab: IB A curious form of ring found in gB Greek tombs are for the dead, a pro- IfB vision never made in. these days; they fifl are hollow and light, and set with fBB round convex pastes; many of these BH were so thin that tt was necessary to jjB fill them with mastic varnish to pre- 13| serve their shape. jplj Poison was Inserted in the hollow rings of the Romans. A story' is relat- ed by Pliny that after the golden trea- ,2 sure had been stolen by Craseus from A under the stone of the Capltoline. Jupi- ter. the custodian, to escape torture. broke the gem of his ring in his mouth. expiring immediately from the effects of f> the poison secreted in it. IM A curious ring of Venetian work- 19 manship (and one which could only Fit have iv-.-n w«»rn on ceremonial occas- y ions) Is the Jewish wedding ring of (B the sixteenth and seventeenth centu- ries. being an elaborate structure. The bezel bearing a conventional represen- f£J tation of the ark. a temple with in- scriptions in Hebrew characters on Si either side. jig A highly olalviratp form of Jewish 11 wedding ring lias projecting sockets. |lj from which hang small rings, a very 9| cumbersome finger ornament. 9 The cost of these rings must have S been great, not only from the amount Jj of metal used, but the exquisite work- S m&nship.; on which account one would B have been loth to see them consigned B to the melting pot, as did the women of B| Prussia during the war of liberation in El 3S13. who. in lack of other coin, contri- Bj buted their wedding rings, receiving- in B return those made of iron, bearing- the Bj legend. "Icli gebe geld fur ciaern." K| The puzzle rings are ingeniously con- j trived. the four hoops comprising the j|l ring being separate, and fall to pieces j|| when removed fwm the finger. These were the work of the old Indian gold- "Ti smiths. Much of beauty and symbol- ism is shown in the peasant rings. Innocent IH.. in 1194, settled the fash- ion of the episcopal ring, who ordain- ed that it should be one of gold and set with one precious stone, on which no thing was to Ik? cut. The annular fin ger of the right hand is the one to bear this singularly symbolic orna ment. and bishops never wear more than one, though the portrait of Pope Julius II, is represented as wearing six rings. According to Durandus. the Episco pal ring was symbolical of perfect fide lity. of the duty of sealing and reveal ing, and, lastly, of the gift of the Holy Ghost. A massive ring of bronze gilt, the square bezel ibeng set with a green chalcedony and emblazoned with St. Marks in relief, on each side of the shoulders shields of arms, repesents a papal ring of the fifteenth century, and was given by popes to new-made card" nalp. t Another most interesting ring was the property of Albastan, bishop of She- borne, and was found at Llysfaen. in the north-east part of Carnarvonshire, in 1773. It is gold, and very massive, the hoop being formed of eight divi sions. alternately circular and lozenge- shaped, nielloed and inscribed "Alheta." A ring, said to have been given by Charles I. to Bishop Juxon on the day of his execution, has the sentiment, "Rather death than fals fayth." en- graved on its bezel. Falstaff boasts that in his youth he was "slender enough to creep into any alderman's ring," which shows that this style is dated from the fourteenth to ihe «svenieenii centuries. Everyone knows of the poison ring of Demosthe nes, and the one by which Hannibal killed himself, wlth its hbHow bezel fill ed witli deadly j>o!son._ A ring used as, a charm to ward off disease, and worif by the South 'Ger mans of the sixteenth century. quaintly set with three wolves' teeth. thp jshnuldprs phasAil with itvn roses I" reljef.— 'kew york mall and express " i First Writer; "That article of yours, 'Truth is 81 ranger Than Fiction," Is a hummer. Bound to attract 'attention Where did youget the .facts ?" Second Writer: "Made 'em lip' ' 