TOLD BY A .LIGHTHOUSE ASSISTANT. " My man; do you Want a berth ?" said he. " A\ e, aye; cappen,'". sard 1. "I want one badly. I'iri half-starved and half-frozen." He made no answer, but just a sign to follow him, and he stalked away and I pegged after him. He kept close along the shore as we walked, and for a while he said nothing. At last, however, he turned and pointed seaward. " You see that ?" said he. He indicated a lighthouse on a lonely rock. " I'm the keeper," said he. "I want you to cook my meals and keep my bachelor's ball for me. Now and then 1 shall want you to row in Ind Imy provisions. The work won't be hard, a think the pay will suit you. Do you know why I chose you ? " "No, cappen," said I. " Beceuse I saw that hope was at an end with you," he said. " It's only a man who had come to that who could live with me in a lighthouse." " L was on a d< sort inland once," said I. "After that I shan tbe afraid of a lighthouse." I'd been in a lighthouse before; it was no new thing to me but after I'd been there a few hours I wondered what my master hired me for. It was like being pensioned off; there was nothing to do. But, mark ye, when it came night, and the wind begaii to moan about the lighthouse, and the lamps were lit and all outside was black as pitch, and all the sound we heard was the swash, swash, swasli of the waves, my master mixed some grog ami called me to sit along with him. That looked sociable, but I can't say he did. He sat glowering over his glass for a while, and opening his mouth as if to speak, and shutting it agaiu. Then said he : " What's your name ?" " Ben Dare," said I. " Would you mind calling yourself Brace?" he asked. " I've no reason to be ashamed of my name," said I. " Look here," said he, " I am a gentlemrin born and bred. 1 never came to earning my bread before. I'm ashamed of it. This is what 1 mean. If any strangers come out here lo ask for William Br-ce, why, you can say you are the man. You claim to be lighthouse- keeper. It's easy. I don't suppose much company will call, but I choose not to see them, if they do. Thai's what I hired you for." "Oh," said I. "You see," said he, " I got this place through a i ich man who had influence. Those who gave it to me never saw me If I die some day, why, here you are in the plnce. If I go off, and I may, here you are still until ttieh. I'll pay you well, and you know your duties." " Well, it's shamming," said I, " but, after all, what does one care what my hame is, and what shall I call you ?" j " Call me nothing," said he. " Call me Cap- | tain, as you did yVhen I met you, but never j speak of me to any one;" j Gentleman bi no, he wasn't lazy. He didn't i Care how he worked-. The iarrips wi re as bright | as jewels. There wasn't a speck of dirt in the i whole tower But let. any boa.t come nigh us; 5 away he went and hid himself, and came out | With a white, scared face and a shaking hand. At night he was afraid to go up to the lamps I alone, and he'd look over his shoulder and turn white as we stood together At last he took a I iiew liirn. He stood staring for awhile: Then i he spoke to me iu a low voice : " Brace, do you believe in ghosts ?" " I hdvh't considered the question;" I answered.. "Well," said he, Si-ftlier than before, "look into that corner," and he pointed. I looked. " Don't you see anything ?" be asked. No," said 1 ; " no; Capped." "Ah," he muttered, "very well, very well. I'm glad you don't "... ' But that wasn't nothing to what happened the very next night. We slt-pt in two hunks nigh each other, and naturally whi u he woke up with a yell 1 woke, too. He was shrieking aud shaking and wringing his bauds. "The woman ! the woman !" he said. "She stood her just now, all red with blood. It drip ped down the white ruffles. It dripped on her bands. Stop her ! stop her ! She has gone to call them. Stop her ! stop her !" "Where did she go ?" I asked. He stared at uie with his wide open eyes, all the white showing, below aud above. " She couldn't have been here," said he. " It was a dream.". " Lord love you — a nightmare," said I. So we went asleep again. But I heard of the woman so often after that that I grew used to her. The Cappen, as I called him, got to be worse and woise every day. I wanted to go ashore and l eich tbe doctor, but he would not hear of it He raved if I tried to leave him. At last there came a hot, hot night in June. It was burning hot all day, aud a dead calm at night. About dark the Cappen went to sleep, ond I went and sat whore I could see the water and the fights ashore. It was so clear that I could hear the sailors in a Spanish ship moored not far away singing in tlieir foreign lingo. And I was sort of quiet and dreamy like, when something happened that waked me mighty wide and sudden. Something was standing on the steps below me, something came toward me. It was a little slender figure, with long hair all about its shoulders. I couldn't see its face.' I don't think I really saw it plainly at all. But it went past me softly while I looked, and I knew it was a woman in a white ruffled gown, and that she had gone to the room where my master lay. I shook too hard for a moment to move ; but as soon as 1 could I started up to go to him. Just then a voice cried : "Lighthouse, ahoy!" I answered, "Aye, »ye,'" and stopped a bit. Duty first of all things with a sailor. A boat lay at the foot of the steps, and four men jumped out of it. "We want William Brace, keeper of this lighthouse," said one, a big man in alinenovev- cuat. " I'm one that answers to the name," says I. He swung a lantern over my head. " Search the place, my men," said he. There was no use saying anything, but I did try to stop them. " I've got a sick friend aloft," says I. " Don't disturb hiin. I'm afraid the woman will skeer him anyhow, he's so low." " What woman ? " s»id he. " The one that came aboard with yon, sir,'g said I. , " No woman came with us," he snarled. "Stand aside. Men, do your duty." They went upstairs. I followed. I saw them walk into the Cappen's room. I heard them ci y out and stand still. When I got to the door they stood in a row looking down on the bed. I looked, too. Man nor woman couldn't frighten tbe Cappen more. He was dead. "What had he done ?" I asked the officer " Killed his wife," said he, " that's all. No doubt she d< served it; but it's not allowed by law when they do." " God help him," said I. 