ROMAN CATHOLIC SYNOD. The annual retreat of the Roman Catho lic clergy of Tasmania began at the Arch. bishop's house last Monday, and ended this morning. His Grace the Archbishop (Dr. Murphy), Coadjutor Bishop (Dr. Delaney), and nearly all the priests were present. It was under the direction of the Rev. Father M'Enroe, S.J., whose able and earnest addresses were listened to with deepest attention. The private session of the Synod was opened yesterday evening, under the presidency of the Archbishop, and the public session took place at eight o'clock this morning in St. Mary's Cathe dral. Bishop Delaney celebrated the mass of the Holy Ghost, and at its termination the Archbishop vested Pontifically, and assisted by the deacons and all other attendants opened the session in the pre scribed manner. The 68th Psalm, accord ing to the Roman Catholic version, begin ning with the words "Save me, O Lord," was chanted, as well as the Litany of the Saints, the profession of faith, according to the creed of Pope Pius IV., was made by all present. The usual address wan given by his Grace, and other ceremonies con cluded with the " Te Deum" and solemn blessing. The priests present as Synod have initi ated a movement for the due celebration of his Grace's golden jubilee. which will occur next October, and as it is a rare event for the Bishop to live to celebrate the 560th anniversary of his episcopal consecration, considerable eclat will accompany the festivities. Cardinal Moran, Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne, and several bishops and other dignitaries have notified their intention of at ending the jubilee of the nestorj of the Australian hierarchy. Dr. Murphy appeared Ihis morning to have fully recovered from his recent indisposi tion, and went through the long ceremony with ease and dignity. The Roman Catholic laity throughout the colony will doubtless take up the matter of the jubilee celebration, which will be creditable to all concerned. At the City Court this morning, Frederick Arthur Glass was fined 45 and costs for having created a disturbance in the Theatre Royal on Wednesday night; It seems he engaged seats in the stalls of the theatre, and owing to the crush chairs were placed down the centre isles. Thisj Glass resented, and seizing one of them struck out madly. He injured two spectators near him so much that their wounds had to be stitched at the hospital. He was sub sequently secured. Harry Davidson Minnis, a well.known architect, died suddenly at his mother's residence this morning. Last nighthe was playing chess at the Hobart Coffee Palace, and apparently enjoying the game. On his return home from the Chess Club Minnis complained of pains at the back of the head. They were not thought by him or anyone else to be of a serious character, but complaining of increased suffering a doctor was sent for this morning, but before he could arrive Minnis expired. He was a native of Hobart, having been born in the house in which he died, and was 30 years old. He was looked upon as an able and rising young man, very careful, strict, attentive, and honourable in all his actions, andwas of a studious andretiriagdisposition. Among his numerous relations and connec tions are his uncles, the Attorney-General (hon. A. I. Clark), the Chief Inspector of Machinery (Mr John Clark), and Messrs Clark, timber merchants of Collins-street. The Poussard-Trebelli concert in the Town Hall to-night was fairly well attended, and another excellent programme submitted. Madame Trebelli was in capital voice, and her best number, "Dear heart," fairly raised the enthusiasm of the audience. That she is an artist of great ability is undoubted. LATER. Rain commenced to fall shortly after seven o'c.lok to-night, and hac continued uninterruptedly since. To-day's high wind will do incalculable harm to cereal and fruit crops. 