All About Boots. It was Carlyle who wrote so mournfully about clothes. If ho did not die yonng he died too early to sorve theso countries ashe might, if . alive, servo them now with his' vitriolic pen, in writing abont hoots; It has taken a' long time for this important subject .to ' reach its presont magnitude aud weight. Yoars ago "Wellington reminded' Brougham ' that his n'amo would go down to posterity associated with a particular .sort of oar- riago,-now vulgarly called a pill-box; whereas his own name would never becomo famous by any similar thing. The great lawyer reminded him of his invention' m boots. "Ah,' tho hoots," said Wellington, " I had forgotton , tho boots." It lives in our memories, or rathor. is burned into them, that Queensland once witnessed a terrible convulsion in hor political world over two 5airs of boots. There was - a storm in the Ex ecutive; it broke over Parliament; n. Governor died after it.' And all about hoots. These ovents were, first comedy, then tragedy. . But Australia is now being treated to high-class drama over Japnnetff'fliq'b' Mr. Lyne, Leader.of Her MajCstyla QpTt position in Macquorie street, recently went to Japan; and not. unnaturally brought back a pair of Japanese boots. Did tho makor of those bdots Aver for a moment think of their destiny and tho uses to which thoy would he put ? . im possible. If ho knew now that Mr. Lyne oxhibits jhose boots in Parliament,; that he holds them up to view at ;qai; :'piih; lie meetings ; if he wore aware that it is esteemed a high favour to bo-'allowod even to srnpll those hoots, that ono may know what is the peculiar flavour of . tho , Japanese article, can it ho believed that ho would remain in Japnn ? Impossible. He- would come to Australia ; he would put himself on view ; ho would say, " I am the man who made' those boots." .Tho hazards' are that ho ' would' bring nn- army of bootmakers with-: him. For surely never before wore'- hoots so well, advertised.' Mr." Lyne.is a capital bags- man. The other evening, in Sydney, ; before ono of tho largest possiblo audi ences there, he brought out thoso. hoots. Thoy stood on tho tabic "besido tho champion of protection.' ' His eloquoncq ran, f rom. lifm like lava flowing from a- littlo Vesuvius. " His audience . cheered, they thundered, they roared. At tho right moment Mr. Lyne held up that pair of hoots.-' " Gentlemen, I bought thom in Japan." (Chcors, luBty.) " Gontlemcn, I 'bought them for half the price they would coBt if made. here.".- (Gheers, lustier.) "Gentlemen, what would yiu say to a stato of things under which you coukl'buy boots at half (he pried which you now give for .thom ?" (Cheers, lustiest.) And well it-might he so. "What a prospect in' boots.'-' ' - ' But the matter, did not end there. That is not the lost to be heard of that pair of Japanese boots. Mr. Reid was at Kiama on thb night on which these boots were exhibited in Sydnoy. But he had seen 'them, and they. ,forraed';.a staple part .of his speech also,. to- -a .very, mixed audienco after dinner. 5H16 account of tliom was inost interesting: .He snid : " The Leader of the Opposi-;, tion had mado a great point of Japanese hoots that, he brought, down. At last they had found thoso hoots. He had had an array of ous'toms officers looking for thom for months.' Hq assured. them ho had, and now ho found thqm.on. tHa Leader of the Opposition. Mr,., iiLjm&i; had thought tho people of Kiamtf-wero;' poltroons; he had thought thpin"'®1' small that he could . frighten ' tiicm with Japanese boots." Hero is a new development ; thoso hoots have been shown at Kiama. Another Kiama terror ; for Kiama was tho locality of Parkes's ghost. What a' notoriety that place will have, to he sure. . But Mr. Reid was wrong in saying that ho had. found them on Mr. Lyne. That gentleman does not wear thorn ; they are amongst his oxhibits at political meetings. Such is tho important posi tion now filled by boots in Now South Wales; they form a staple article of debato and oratory between the heads 'of the two great ecohomic parties in that country. Boots must be entered at the Federation Convention, 