Municipal Elections. The municipal elections held last Thursday were productive of a few surprises, the greatest being in the shire of 3Mornington, where Mr W. U. Walker, who was not supposed to have the " ghost of a show " was returned at the head of the poll, beating both the old councillors and Mr. Alston, who was looked upon as the coming man. There cannot be the slightest doubt but that Mr. Walker owes his election to the way in which those op posed to his candidature have persis tently advertised him in the Press, and also to the fact that a large number of his supporters "plumped" for him, the number of " plumps " recorded in his favour being 29. Councillor lep burn would, no doubt, have headed the poll had his supporters not being sure that he was a " certainty," and accord ingly divided their votes amongst two of the other aepdidates;, . 'Ootsillor Iunnu was also looked upon as aº cer tainty, and can also attribute his place on the poll to no other cause, for all admit that during the time he has been in the council he has proved that he is possessed of the makings of a good councillor. The result of the poll has also definitely proved that there is no danger of the town votes swamping the outsile votes, and it also goes to prove that the ratepayers are not desirous of having the shire divided into ridings. If evidence is required to convince one of this ;fact, we have only to look at the council as it is now composed, when it will be found that therer are only two councillors who residein the town (Councillors Irvine and Nunn), the remaining seven re siding outside the town limits, and also to the rdsult of the present election, where two outside candidates have been returned at the head of the poll against one residing in the town. The results of the election in this shire are : W. C. Walkes ... ... 150 G. S. Hepburn ... ... 146 R. Nunn ... ... ... 133 W. Alston ... ... 110 The three first named were declared duly elected by the returning officer, (Councillor W. M. Irvine). All the candidates briefly returned thanks. Another surprise (although not quite unexpected in some quarters), took place in the Centre Riding of the Fraukston and Hastings Shire; where the retiring councillor (Mr El. M'Gurk) was opposed by Mr T. II. Dicker, the latter gentleman being elected by a majority of 8 votes. The supporters of the defeated counuillor attribute his defeat to the wet weather, which pre vented a number of his supporters from recording their votes. On the other hand the supporters of Mr Dicker state that had the weather been fine a larger number of votes would have been polled by him also. The offisial result was: T. II. Dicker ... . ... 71 Edward M-Gurk ... ... 63 Majority for iMr. Dicker 8 After the returning officer (Coun cillor T. Unthank) had declared Mr Dicker duly elected, that gentleman returned thanks for the honor accorded him. Mr. M'Gurk also returned thanks. Other reports will be found in our correspondents' letters. 