I am, &c.;, H.J. POPE. Sir—I am sorry I am obliged to write again in re the Primitive Methodist superannuation fund, as I feel quite sure it cannot be fairly understood by the general public as it may be presented in-tUis.correspondence.:". ??? It:is .a matter to be discussed and settled in the courts 6f:tUechurcliy:.l'had ho idea'there were any fears in jheVminds of -our^ministers that they .would not'be'fairlyinefc.in^thislinatter.if union were "brought abbut./J "I ant'sorry' it is raised now to confuse.'.the mmd of. the. voter, and. can not help thinkiiig-tnat: it .should have been raised before or kept back until, the vote of the people is taken.' V We were all acquainted.with our.??:irelat£dnsHip:"'P"::tHia fund, and I have always believed: that: justice .would ba done wHen'matters .were being;:settled... .1. did .not think the Wesleyan supernumerary fund would take.overour liabilitiea.;.unless sufficient pay :ments were made." Tarn.not "quite "sure ,as:;.to the -jurisdiction^and .powers- of the board of ' treasurers, but. I should suppose they had only to conserve .the rights'of the present .members ql itheir.fuhd along.the/lines of: the regulations of the General-CbnfereneVas td.the"admission of other "ministers".' ?'!? They;;;:.have'v simply. :to say;-' -ho w v they will ,t receive, ' other . :minis ters.': : How-: to raise the'funds necessary1 to enteciswith7 the persons seeking to enter-- and .the'Confereni^'of'.tfccliurajesuuiting.v'Mr.'. }.Wellington::,and/Iiareiagreed/as, to.-the.-un fortuna^condrtipnof- the;:P;it.-iminKter3'of [.this" colony who "are notiaVthe|J.P. Society..-I do not -wish to to judge of the money ability of our ministers to entei this fund, is 1 should at oi*ce place mycelf in an unenviable portion jmongmy bretlnen. I knoy we have plentj todo witfi'bur limited salaryjarid great -sacri (ices inu&t; be made ii we rait an> thing into insurance or friendly societies But every boJv knows that what some people think a money abihtv to do a certain thing others think it impossible, so that this matfcei cannot be settled by either party in this correspondence for any third peisoii. What does'the P.M. Conference think of ability.'to enter our funds' It says to young'" men enteung our ministry —"!\o person shall be recuieo^into the list of approved preachers who i& ~ not a member of the Xtmeirant Preachers' Friendly Society or ?who it not applying for membership. When a minister ceases to be a member of the LP/JL'\ iSociely' he shall cease to h->\e any claim on thp super annuated preachers, ti idou s, and orphans' fund. Tras regulation sliall app'y retiospectnely from tbe jear lb'Jl, evcept m the case pf mimsteis who had then travelled 15 years and upwards ' I should ?aj that was tbe definite judgment of the. Conference: on.ithe money ability" ..of;, its ministers, to. enter its ?funds We arc a'so agreed that the English Con ference-will do the equitable thing lonib, but we differ as to -nhat the equitable thing is. There is no wonder in this. 1 have never, said that the Jllnghsb. Gonterence gave Canada any thing from any fund, and should be equally glad vuth Mr. Wellington if an*body could show ns that it did. Heiice.l am not mis taken; The 'Jsh;rlish "Conference minutes" referred to is the jearbookof tho conne\ion, but it does not contain all the minutes nor all tho important minutes of the Conference. It is very strange that the only refeience to the union in Cinada is just a lino about the 17 annuitants aud to the statistics of the church. Surely something else was said about it and something more done m it. We therefore tlnn'c it is useless to say this or that until-n c kncn\\. That is my position m the matter, and it will be conceded I know that the first steps taken to secure the neces sary information were talcing by mjself by pro posing that-letters shall be sent to the English authorities asking them to furnish us with an account of the settlement with Canada, so that it shall be before the next: colonial; Conference to bo considered with the question of lletho dist union here. 2Jo?v, a^ to tho equity of expecting something from England if wo with draw our claims upon the fa.P.W. -and O. fund, lam entirelyatissue with Mr. Wellington. In the first place be does not consider our full share of the receipts of the fund, and in tbe second place he puts us down for too much of the disbursements. It may be premised that it is unfair to take South Australia a small district and a comparatively young country, and judge its claims by its payments'and re ceipts. Its smallness and being a new settle ment would probably militate against it in actuarial calculations. lam glad it is ad mitted that possibly I am right m saying thousands of pounds have been sent Trom South Australia to this iund. If the books have served me correctly, duung tbe last siv. years we have sent direcb not lets than £500 This is only one of the sources from which this iund receives help. It is supported by grants, subscriptions, donations, and bequests. In addition to the ministers' subscriptions and collections in tbe circuits, it has received during the last IS^yeara about £50,000 from the connexional bookroom, about £5,000 from the Conference fund^besides large-sums from dona tions and bequests, and I fmd the grants were more in the earhei years than at present. Now, as we are part or Primitive Methodism and have done our share in supporting the bookroom and Conference fund, we have claim upon a proportionate pait of these re ceipts. Then m considering the annuitants in South Australia it is unfair to cnarge us as liable for all their claims. We have three classes of annuitants. First, the class that has never been in the active ministry here; second, the class that has only bad a short active ministry in this colony; third, the class that has spent its best life in active work on South Australia. Without any disrespect to the first two classes, in such calculations as Mr. Wellington r makes they are not properly our liabilities, and therefore the purely colonial liabilities are comparatively few and small. I have vmtten this to show our friends in South Australia that we can make out a good case for the English Conference, and that they>need not be frightened by ghosts or think they are voting any of their ministers out of their pos sible incomes when they vote in tavor of union. Besides all this, if things do not. turn out so favorable as we think equitable the^ three churches will consider the whole 'matter m a just and Christian spirit, and i£ they cannot do what is fair aud right the matter is still in ourbvvhharids; I cannot think theunited'church' will allow one party to the union to suffer all the sacrifices. The "brilliant prospect," "sparling/ "dazzle," and the old "nursery gamf" in-frlr. Wellington's letter are put in for padding and not as arguments, and are better not answsered. Xiike him I only want the truth, the whole truth, and nothing-but thr> truth, and am determined to get it for myself and others if they like as soon as it can be obtained. Hoping the people will vote according to their judgment and allow the matter *of funds to be settled in the courts of-the church- 