WISE AND OTHERWISE. Should our Agont-Gonpml livo on $00 a year In ft gurrofc, tako liia incnls at ft common eating houso, and thus Mvo £2000 ft yonr of hia official salary? Or ought ho to play ft part and swoll, if not , trill, it with tho heat of thorn in London clubs, in London aocioty, hiro ft "West End man- iio»t keep ft atftff of flunkies, ontor- pin tho already ovorfed, nnd othorwiso put himself in ovidonco? Mr. R. Harper, 3LL.A., who has just returned from tho capi- (jlof tho Empire, and therefore ought to know rbat ho in talking about, hints to an inter viewer that our Agont-Gcneral doos not spend half enough tnonoy, and that in fact it would pay Victoria to place £10,000 a year at tho dis posal of ft "good man" to boom tho gent-General's office, and onablo tho colony's rcjireeentativo to cut a figuro. Everyone but good little ConnervativcB knew all along that Mr. Gillies was not useful, but it will como aa a ihock to tho wholo community to hear that ho has not boon an ornamontal Agcnt-Goncral. Tho popular notion was thftb Mr. Gillian would not bother himaclf about finding markets for Vic torian produco because all his timo was spout in the wfonn of tho great, and that when ho was not initiating English Conservatives in tho mysteries of tho Gillies system of finance and recoups, ho was dining tctoa- tctc with scduotivo duchesses and putting thorn on to "good things " in a mining senso. How Buch an absurd notion got about no one can Bay. Yet there was something gratifying to our national unity in this picturo. Not so, howovor, tho ether, that our great "ambassador0 dwells in bondon obscurely and unknown. How vo do neglect our national resources ! The intelligence has como to hand notifying tho financial success of tho trip of tho 'Australian eleven. After paying all exponsoH tho team 1ms £10,000 for division in dividends. Not a bad crushing that; better, in fact, than what would bo got from a West Australian gold aud iron mine. Which of our own industries, nativo or other wise, can show such profits for six inontliB? Now that wo know what tho British public want from Australia, why don't wo give it to them hot and strong? Tho raw matorial is here in ahmulanco. A team selected from tho Metropolitan Board of Works would bo a special novelty, and might alBo bo made illustrative of our achievements in oratory and poetry. Other teams bringing other novelties could be picked from tho Harbor TrusUnd tho Marino Board, tho Agricultural Council and Parliamentary commissions, and these efTeto bodies, with tho aid of a brass band td a little advertising, turned to good account I uhst, and mado to feed tho public exchequer I hstead of draining it. jl Extract from the diary of a member of Parlia- cent, a la Pcpys 4 4 Resolved to loso no oppor tunity of improving myBclf and tho district I tire tho honor of representing. While washing my tcoth this morning, mused on tho solem nity of life. In my bath thought of «r first parents and Eden and tho sub urban wives of members of Parliament. While adjusting my cravat, asked myself tho question, 4 What do I livo for ' ? Much moved it family prayors with feelings of gladness and joy that I gob Snooks mado a J.P.; that I bhw the Postmaster- General about Amy's appoint- meat, and that tho dredgo is to ho moved to my district. At breakfast resolved not to talk much in tho Houso or mako mysolf too ngrecablo to Ministers. Morning spent profitably. Soda, cigars, depart ments. Dined with the chairman of the Water Commission. lie paid, but for mortification I put icc into the Pommcry and sauce into tho roup. Did this secretly, lost, boing observed, pride might suporveno. Afternoon ; Attended the House, where I thought of tho comiug election. What if I should dio politically ! So many public men dio young ! Why should I! Earnest conversation witli tho Op- / position about tho future of tho Ministry. Debate in Houbo stale, flat aud unprofitable ! Heme and to bed. Self-examination before composing myself to sleep. Oh, how havo I wasted the day ! Opportunities neglected. Smoktd too many free cigars. Oh ! why do wo surfeit oui'Relves with tho luxuries of life ? Rewired to check tho flippancy of my brother Miters, and to do my duty to iny constituents dXo. 1." Cabmen talk to each othor, an is natural. Ate their horses hear and talk to each other in tieir own way. It may, therefore, ho taken fir granted that tho news of tho death of Malua iibynow well known in tho cab ranks of Mel bourne and the Huburhs. Tho sporting editor olTht Aye, wiping asido as it were with n wave of his bereaved pen tho gloomy emotions ttat thronged upon his soul, wrote of tho losing away of that very respectable horso u if ho (tho horse) wore an exceedingly Eminent Porsonago. And yet, why not? Malua did well— undor hawk like eyes, keen tosce the (lightest trangression or symptom of 44 going out of form." Talk of tho fierco light that teats upon a throne ! It was never to be com- prcd with the light that boats upon a first class acehorse, as winner or sire. And where is the nun who could show so stainless ft record ? There must he, or at least should ho to a bippophilo people, somo reason outside of moro wperstition for tho bcliof of the Indian that ho will meet the Bpirit of his horso again in the Happy Hunting Grounds. Cabmen should bo tho least superstitious of people. Thoir passing to and fro at night, fre quently in tho vicinity of graveyards, should, » tho ordinary citizen might think, mako thom cither laugh at ghosts or regard anything in the ahnpe of ghosts with unqualified cabmanllke krisioii.'Yct seo how cvory theory and principle fills in the dust when brought to proof ! Somo Ifiliarat cabmen thought a few nights ago that they saw a ghost inside tho local cemetery, out vie of which tho cabs woro standing in a rank. AH of them, except two, wont, with blanched fitcs, careering homewards. Tho sturdy two charged into the cemetery in pursuit of tho |9 teat, hut when they saw its glittering gig- I teop eyes shining demoniacally in tho distance, they threw down thoir courage with a dull thud udtude for homo, only stopping to inform tho taker of tho graveyard that there was a statupon hia promises. That practical person 'imply lit a lantern, walked towards tho placo bero tho ghost was supposed to havo been en— and discovered that tho illusion was fcasedhy the light of a far-away lamp shining c » tombstone. It sounds so shockingly like satirical allegory on Free-Trade that one doeB Ml like to pursue tho subject further. There aro many ways to heaven. So said ono "the Early Fathers, in a liberal mood, before wjediscussionH in tho church became schisms. "Biter. Mr. Heffernan, Anglican clergyman dllallamt "West, seems to hold with tlio views J hia eldors to this extent. Ho bolioves in cycles, and is himself amenthusiastio cyclist, none of his sermons delivered tho other day fie rev. gontlcman implied that pro- tho soul bo fixed straight upon tho julc, and tho machine ridden upon bo — cdidn'tsayof what make, because tho clergy ire not supposed to know anything about theso wldly dotails — of a reliable kind, there would mho trouble in passing tho winning post. Of course tho rov. gentleman spoke nllogoricnlly, this fact takes nothing from the value of bat ho said. Tho Premier of New South Wales, it seems, J becoming a convert to protection — against ictoria at all events. Ho still brags of having fown "the markets of New South Wales 'pen to tho free competition of tho world"; I when a Victorian contractor, with all tho heavy disabilities and handicaps " of protco- n on his head, undertook to build tho Qndagai. bridge at a lower prico tlmn his freo- competitors in New South Wales could nder at, Mr. Roid discovered — after depart- jMntal acceptance of the 44 foreign " tender— local contractors must bo "protected." Of it is a matter of Bupromc indifference to n Keid whether the material employed in the JHract was 44 made iu Germany " or elsewhero !j> long as it did not como from Victoria. , ,ow does Mr. Roid reconcilo his frce-trado Pnnclplea with tho rejection of a lowor and the lcwptanco of a higher tender, involving extra j?" to the State, simply in order to 14 protect " , ® South Wales contractor ? He docs ""attempt tho task ; hut falls back on tho old < tedby— bewails the stock Ux and avera that Victoria has no right to complain if ho protects ono class, whilo she protects all. Colonol Sir Gorard Smith will bo in a position to entertain London, when ho returns thither, with somo interesting particulars of wlmt may happen to n Governor in Australia. Tho station master at Southern Cross has enlightened his Excellency in much tho samo terms as ho would havo employed towards a dead-beat as to tho powers, prcstigo and authority of a railway official in West Australia. To tho Southern Gross station master a paRscnger is ft passenger simply, whether un excellency or a swagman, and tho idea of either objecting to travelling in a train with a carriage that had just previously left tho rails, is to him preposterous. Sir Gerard, however, could not bo convinced that a station master was tho best judge of tho railway risks which could bo taken with impunity in respect to his valuable person and lifo , and, as ho persisted in objection, he wan roundly told to go to a hotter place than Coolgardie and a dryer ono than Knlgoorlio. &ad; to rolato tho Governor's aido do camp was also summarily consigned to tho samo plutonio region as his principal. Sir Gerard had to travel hack to Forth 'in that damagod carriage ; and tho executive council and tho Railway Commis sioners have now to sit in judgmont on that station master. Whon a reputedly irrcsistiblo forco meets an alleged immovable object, tho reputation of ono or tho other must he cracked. The Metropoli tan Board of Works is apparently irresistible whon itcomes intocollioion with the Government, as, for oxamplo, in respect to that Werriboo jetty ; but there seems always to bo a greater than tho greatest, and tho irresistibility of the board lias bcon overcome by the immobility of tho Stock Exchange on such a simplo question as brokcrago. The board has been wont to pay per cent, brokor- ago on its debentures, bUtwhcn " for economy's sako" it callod tenders for tho Bale. of its deposit receipts, and got a good prico, tho brokcrago bill on the transaction ran just to 18 Pcr cont. Naturally, sundry commissioners felt aggrieved, but tho hoard after duo delibera tion camo to tho conclusion that tho Stock Exchange was its master, that to show fight would be to court defeat, and that all that remained was to pay and look plcasaut. Betides, when tho knightly chairman wont to London on that famous 41 loan mission " ho was much moro severely 41 squeezed" by tho financial exports there ; nnd, aftor all, as Mr. M 'Mahon airily remarked— What is £833 brokcr ago on £00,000 realised ? A more bagatello — only a little Icsb than half a year's interest ! 