CATHOLIC. ? * — ? GOOD SAMARITAN CONVENT. EIGHT SISTERS PROFESSED. SLOaUENT DISCOURSE BY THE REV. V, ~J. DOWLING, CM, Thxjksday of last week Was an occasion of great sgiadness at the Mother House of the Good Samari tan. All were gathered within the beautiful chapel, around ^hieh so many tender memories oJ goad old Archbishop Folding, the founds «£. this peculiarly Australian Order, clinff— 'menioilGs which linger as a perfume. It was the d&y; set apart for ifche Holy Profession of eig&t; oJ the Sisters-, and, with, perfect appropriateness eVen in a religious sense, picturesqueness of toral aftd stiver decora tion, and ^ the charm of touching and devotional music, such as ?one hears only 'within the walls of a venerable convent, lent to the solemn impressive ness of the ceremoftfes. Gounod's ' St. Cecilia Messe Solennelle* was rendered by the nuns, with organ and Violin accompaniment. A ' Veni Spou.sa,' specially arranged, was the Offertory. The music was worthy 01 a eatlvedrah His Eminence the Cardinal- Archbishop' officiated, assisted by the Very IleV. Dr. O'Haran and the Ke\% j. j. O'DriscolU and the Rev. Fr. Hyland was tltP; eelebraut of the Mass, : . . The Sisters professed were : — Miss Hickey (Ba t-hurst), Sister i\L Utrncta ; Miss Neylan (Braid wood), Sist-at M. Bonigna ; Miss Lynch (Ireland), Sister M. Helen ; Miss Lamb (Marrickville), Sister M. Beraatdette ; Miss Duer (Newtown), Sister M. Ildephonsus; Miss Marlnorough (Newtown), Sister ? M. Cecity ; Miss Hewitt (South Australia), Sister * 'Benedicta ; Miss M'Donell (Manning River), Sister M. Dominica, The clergy present werfe— the Very Ilev. Dr. Carroll, V.Cr., Rev. P-. £. Dowling, CM. (Vice President St. Stanislaus* College, Bathurst), Rev. T. Kdsh (Hobarti), Yery Rev. A. Boyle (Superior ?of the VinceMians), Very Rev. C. Nulty, S.J. '(President tti St. Aloysius' College), Very Rev. 'Z. F. Mxraire, S.M., Rev. C. Con way (Adminis trator St. Francis', Haymirket), Rev. J. Collins ((P.R-, Mount Carmel),' Rev. T. M'Grath, S.J., liev. Father Hegarty, CM., Rev. Father Gannon, C.M., Rev, J. Whyte, Rev. P. J. Baugh. and Rev. M. Battle. There were also a large number of lay visitors — the invited relatives and friends of the Sisters professed. The Rev. Father Dowling, of St. Stanislaus' '-College, was the preacher. JfAlMllilt UUW.UI.r'lU a D1SUOL.K5K. ''Tftoushalt make incense, compounded by the ^wetk of the perfumer, well-tempered together and Bare and moat worthy of sanctincation. . . Most Moly shall this incense be to you. — Exodus xxx. 35, 36.' We read in the Book of Exodus that a table or altar of most costly and elaborate workmanship was prepared by the command of God, and set before ithe Koly of Holies. On this table, morning and ?evening, the High Priest was to set an offering of aiveense, the composition of which was set forth by tthe Spirit of God — an incense which was to make 'an everlasting fragrance in the sight of the Most High. This table was regarded with the greatest reverence by the people, the ceremonies connected ?with it were scrupulously fulfilled, and to-day when at the Wall of Wailing the Jews gather to weep 'over their fallen nation, no more bitter lament is Sieard from their lips than that the glory of the Temple'is departed, and the table of incense is over thrown. As we know that the Old Law was one of type and figure, a law which bears the same re lation to the New Covenant as the first sketchings of a great master's work bear to the completed picture instinct, with life and beauty, we naturally a*k ourselves where is the sreat realitv for whir.h types of such importance were employed. A symbol held in such reverence by the people, and invested 'With such dignity by the Holy Ghost, must fore token something of very great character. First of all, then, we have in this dispensation of love and mercy ijhe Eucharistic table, ever spread in the Chnreh of God. From it ascends a fragrance sweeter than any created by the perfumer's art, the incessant praise and glory given to God by the sacramental life of the Second Person of the ador able Trinity. But in a secondary and mystic sense we have another great reality, shadowed forth by the altar of incense. We have a possession in the Church of Christ which is manifestly' the living reality symbo lized of | old, andj;hafc is the religious life. The pure gold, with which the table was covered, the {ftacte, the myrrh, the frankincense, are all found here, for they feebly mark the characteristics of the life of a Spouse of Christ. They stand for virtues the mast excellent of the spiritual life; virtues the practice of which makes up the spiritual beauty of the cloister. Gold is the symbol of love, and where shall we find the purest, most devoted love of God, if not in the hearts of His religious ? Sacrifice isjthe touchstone of lore. If the seeker after the precious metal wishes to prove its presence, he uses the touchstone, and iust in the same wav love of God or love of man is shown by sacrifice. Even God Him self gave this testimony and proof of the love that consumed Him, and by a life of sacrifice, and by the laying down of His life as a sacrifice, He proved the greatness of His love. Turn then to the life of a religious, and do you not see that sacrifice, and sac rifice for the love of God shines, through it from end to end ? Have not these novices turned their backs on home, relatives, friends, worldly pleasures, prospects in life — everything the world holds dear, and all for love of Jesus Christ? The Master of Love has said : ' Greater love than this no man hath, that a man should lay down his life for his fellowman.' Although to give up the life we have in common with the animals that roam the fields is a great proof of love, yet it is far exceeded when, for the sake of God, life in its wide and noble sense is given up. This is what the Spouse, of Christ has done. She has spurned the enjoyment of life ; freely and voluntarily has she given up those goods of life which worldlings con sider as the very possessions that make life endurable. No wonder that the masters of ascetic th-o'ogy tell us that the religious outshines the mart r in devotion to our God, Thus we find that pure and perfect love of which the beaten leaves of pure gold were the symbol. The Holy Ghost ordained that stacte should be prespnt on this table. This product of tho tree was regarded by the Jewish people as the very essence of the tree, and, therefore, if we seek for what corresponds to it in the life of a religious, it must be some virtue that is the great principle, the essence of our service of God. What can it stand for, save that virtue1 withtiUt which St. Paul aays it is impossible V6 plfeiVse God — the virtue of faith? There rniist fee in the consecrated soul the liveliest faitlU Here, again, we find a vivid fulfil melifc of a bygone figure. The whole life of a reli gions is one of faith. Just as the heavy curtain which hung within the entrance to the Temple shut out the din of busy Jerusalem, and when lifted dis closed this mystic altar, so the portals of religion are the dividing barrier between the faithless, cold world outsider and a life which is saturated with faith in 'God and His promises. The moment you en'tfer the home of religion ydu Breathe the very atmosphere of faith. The world calls the religious life a folly; a death, a burial ; those who obey the call of God believe their happy, holy life to be the wisdom of God, the trueness and fulness of life, a mystic resurrection. Every idol the world adores has been trampled under io )t, and those virtues which the world hates — humility, mortification, poverty, subjection to others — all are cherished because they are the teachings of the Spouse of the religious soul. Every duty is performed in the light of faith s eVef y act of obedience has for its principle these words* u He that that heareth you heareth Me;'* Thus in the religious state we have the state of j vital faith. Purest myrrh was to be found on the mystic table of old. Let us then seek for the mortification for which spiritual writers take myrrh as a token, and one must confess that in its most perfect form it is shrined in the heart of the reli gious. She knows that she is the follower, the very Spouse of a Lord who chose suffering for His own, and told those who loved Him to deny themselves, take up the daily Dross-, and followJHim. There fore, from the first entrance to the cloister to the Close of life the sweet odour of a mortified spirit ascends bofore the throne of God. To-day, with one act, the holy profession uproots the three great centres of imniortitication, and every subsequent hour of life the pruning-knife will be in the hand of these Sisters, unceasingly watching every sense to guard against the slightest growth of a sensual immortified spirit. Sword in hand she will fight against the deadly foes of her loved Spouse, watch ing each hour lest eye, ear, tongue, or any sense may yield an inch of the battleground. Lastly, the life of a religious is animated by that virtue shown by the pure frankincense. This betokens the choicest offering a creature can make to a Creator — the offering, the immolation of the will. This is the most perfect principle in the service of God. If Wrf read the history of that life of lives, we shall see that immolation of will was the keynote of the holiest service of God the world hus ever known. Even in the Councils of the Blessed Trinity, away back through the long ages of eternity, the record of Our Saviour's life is summed up : ' In the head of the book it is written of Me that I shall do Thy will ;' and at the close of that great life almost the last words spoken were a declaration that His life was one of conformity to His Father's will. 'Father, I have finished the work Thou gavestMe to do !' No enumeration of His mighty miracles, no statement of that great doctrine at which the world has marvelled for nineteen centuries, but everything referred back to and summed up in the will of His Father. When the disciples marvelled at His abstention from food, He declared He had a meat as necessary to Him as food to ordinary mor tals. 'My meat is to do the will of Him that sent me.' When the Jews ask for a mark of His Son ship, He again appeals to His perfect conformity to the Divine will. 'He that sent Me is with Me, and He has not left Me alone, for I do always the things that are pleasing to Him.' This immolation of will is perfectly copied in the life of a religious. From the day she enters the cloister until the hour of her death, she surrenders her will to the will of God, as shown in her rule and the direction of her Superior. Yea and nay are not her own, save only as the rule and the voice of those over her direct. In health and sickness, in devotions, work, or recreation, in sleeping and waking, she resigns her own will, and all for the pure love of God and in the earnest desire to mould and shape herself by His will. She prizes it as her dearest privilege to live thus because she knows that even workers of miracles may be condemned for self-will, and she knows that the immolation of her will is the most acceptable homage she can offer to God. Thus we see, my dear brethren, that in a high and holy sense in the Catholic Church there is set before God a table of the pure gold of perfect love from which the stacte of faith, the myrrh of mortificatior, and the frankincense of immolated wili make an everlasting fragrance before the Most High God. We then congratulate the Church that we witness this religious life in its full vigour. We are here to encourage by our presence and our joyful coope ration these young hearts as they thus offer them selves to God. We give thanks to God that in this unbelieving and unregenerated world there is a home where virtue and faith and love live in their perfec tion — a home to which Christ comes for reparation and consolation when crucified by the sins of men. 'Open to Me, My beloved ; the night is cold and dark.' Yes, cold is the world in the absence of love of God, dark is the blindness in which men plunge when they turn their backs on God's light and truth ; but here are hearts for God's indwe! ing, burnin? with love, living in the bright light of laiuui kJiiUU.iiA. vtc oxia.il iv v/uu u*ai*u 2.u ao o\j , Vila If occupied as we are in a busy world, there are santu aries such as these in which the full love of God and a life of perfect virtue find a home? And let this prayer be on our lips and in our hearts, that as we witness to-day their confession before men we may witness forever and forever the grand confession which Christ will make before His Father for those who confessed Him before men. The ceremonies concluded Avith Solemn Benedic tion given by his Eminence, after which all retired to the reception-rooms to partake of the customary hospitality of the Good Sisters. 