SPORTING. By ' Mascotte.' The Maude Races on Wednesday resulted i as follows j — Maiden Plato.— Rosebud 1, Khedive 2, JTlorrie 3. Maude Handicap.— Queen Bee 1, White Eye 2, Khedive (Dil lon's) 3. Hurdles. — Ubedain 1, Darkness 2, Egbert 3. ? Flying Handicap.— White Eyo 1, Queen Bee 2, Carrogo 3. Consolation Stakes. — Ikcy 1, Lindsay Gordon 2. Only two starLed. Hurry Scurry.— Bravo 1, Toorai'annio 2. A member of tho committee of the Hay Jockey Club has received a letter from the secretary of the Australian Jockey Club, stating, in roply to queries, that the meeting of the Hay Pony and Galloway Club was in direct violation of the A.J.C. rules and regulations and that tho horses and riders who took part in it aro disqualified from taking part in any raco meeting held undor A.J.C. rules. After frequent pats on tho back from ' Augur's Ghost,' Hundicapper Prico has brought to light another powerful effort ou tho Naranderft meeting. In the Club Han dieap Escapade and Early Morn Are chucked in with 9.0 and 7.10 respectively. A sport with a cork oye can seo that. Daybreak might have boon given a little more weight iu tho Town Plato. Ho reads well at 7st. Escapade and Early Morn aro also up to their necks iu this event. After running in the Maudo Handicap on Wednesday, Mr Dillon's old favorite, Khedive, pulled up lamo, and sooner than risk a broak-down, his owner decided to scratch bun for tho Flying Handicap. The course was as hard as bell-metal, and did not suit tho old cove. Ho earned his corn and oat bill however, Mr Dillon backing him to beat somo of tho moro fancied candidates for places. Jubilee disappointed his backers at Maudo, where protests were tho order of tho day. The jockoyship was also unique. 1 A meeting of tho Hay Football Club was hold on Wednesday evening at Tattersall's, Mr W. O'Hanlon in the chair. A written statement was rccoivcd from the late secre tary, which was read. Mr Don Murray was appointed lion, socretary pro. tem, and was authorised to gain further information from tho lato socretary, and call a meeting for Monday evening next, when it is hoped that a big muster of followers of the oblong will bo present. I hear the club will have a lot of new blood this season. The proceedings olosod with a voto of thanks to the chair man, carried by acclamation. Tho Queensland eleven defeated the Mel bourne Club team by eight wickots. Tl.i! ':ri-;!-et mulch 'lay v. Riverine Half. Holi-l ty has bft ii po- apoiio'l. 