Brisbane Notes. Hurrah, tho clork of tho woathor sooma to havo recovered tho lost art of raining at last. Yestorday ovoning we woro favored with tho usual several drops to tbo aero, but shortly after dark it hnwnn In rnin. tlin nbnntrn Tinirirr naharnd in by an clootrio disturbanoo that ovi- dontly knew its bqsinoss. Tho oonso- quenco is overflowing tanks this morning, no small boon in itself, and a saturated looking landsoapo that sooms greening alroa-ly. It looks as if thoro was going to bo plonty moro ; and after last night looks aro worth notioiog, Tho IVragge department forecasted all this, of oourse. Tho forooast was — "Sain and thundor. storms in various parts of tbo oountry, with strong winds, High temperatures gonorally." Moro by tokon, tho thormo- motor dropped ahout 30 dogs. Ono is almost tompted to build a firo in tho sitting room to-day. All food stuffs havo boon going up aud flour is almost at (amino prioos and rising crory day. Tho samo may bo said of potatoes, whilo groen vegetables havo almost disappeared from tho markot, the city boiug largoly dopondont on the Sydnoy markot gardeners. In the warm West thoy aro harvesting already. Tho wheat oropin tho Maranoa distriot will be light, but should bo equal to Adelaide in quality. On tho Downs tho yiold in places is expected to avo'rago botwoon 20 and 30 bushels, but thoso places will he few and far botwoon, It is noticeable thero that nono of tho varieties of scod, including many vaunted imported lots, havo turned out as woll as tho old accli matised Allora Spring. Acclimatisation is a groat mattor, and wo may bo ablo in tho swoot by and by to grow gold orops withont any rain at all. Sut hor if thoro should bo lots of rain P Thoro Is always a drawbaok to be rookonod with) Evon in tho 'Ouso. Tho most parti- oular drawback, that is an indslofcpate jk wo. fug bocohosiM. l.ucS longer. A forIuiu.t _kt his chanoos aro desperate anyhow. X don't know what strangoly imaginatiyo enss ovolrod tho following rumour out of his innor consciousness but if tho namo Dickson woro substituted forTozar. it would not bo bo ludicorously dostitato of raiscmblancc. This is tho rumour: That an allianeo of Labor, Opposition and In dopondont members was forming, under the leadership of Mr, Tozcr , to defeat tho Gorornmont on tbo Q. N. Dank Dill. That no ono knows what will bo in tho Q. N. Dank Dill would not detract an iota from tho probabilities of tho extra ordinary effort of tbo ramouriBt had he not chosen to bo daring to foolhardioess ; would confirm it rather, as overyone knows tho Faction will oppose tbo bill tooth and talon whatever is in it. It is remarkable tho pertinacity with whioh certain political gossips insist upon tho Homo Secretary's dissatisfaction with his colleagues and that without the ghost of a roason. The qaidnuncs have simply got Tozor on tho brain, and from this oauso originato all tbeso whispers of dis sension in tho Cabinot. I don't know wbotbor any ono momber of tho Ministry may bo dissatiBfiod with any othor or anything ; I beliovo thoy are a particu larly happy family; but one thing I am cortainof: as long as Sir Hugh Nelson romains at tho head tbero will bo no evidence of discontent oven if it should exist; overy member willobservo towards bis chief that loyalty wbiob, in this in stance, comes as muoh oat of personal lovo as national polioy. Tho leader of the Adullamttes effected what he, no doubt, considers a grand coup on Thursday last, in oorrying his motion, by 27 to 23, in favor of taking tbo toU off tho Victoria bridge. This means, no mattor what tho resolution says, that the general tax pay or should shoulder the burden in place of those benefited by the outlay. You may bo perfectly easy as to that Tho Govern ment won't do it. Oontribnto towards it onethird, may bo one-half, by way of endowment, thoy may do. Aod even this will involve consequences of incalculable oxtent. The bon. momber for Bunda borg, in supporting Mr. Dickson's motion, did not forget to promise that ho would not loso timo in applying tho principle to tho Bundaberg bridge; and the Maryborough pooplo want to know why they should not Hare a frco bridge as well as tho Brisbanites. Mr. Hamil ton snys overy bridgo over overy creek in tbo colony is as much a national work as tho grand Viotoria structure. Certain it is tb& principlo adopted towards tho latter muit be applied universally. What that principlo shall bo, is "under con sideration" in connection with the Looal Government Dill to bo drafted during tho rcoess and prcsonted early next session. The metropolitan arcs, with its heavy vote, coupled as it is in thia instance with tho " nationalises," only ono of whom (Mr. Stewart) opposed Mr. Dickson's motion, is going to got no advantage over tho rest of the country. It is going to bo fairplay all round. The Harbor Boards aro a horse of anotbor colour. Thoy are boing required to walk for tho first time and it is not askiog too much to put them ou their logs. Certainly they will all bo well en dowed with revenue-producing land and works, but a little "ready" by way of startiog capital is also indicated by tbo situation, aud very likely this will bo forthcoming. InfaohTownsvillo has al ready got it in tho shape of a vote for tho> rebuilding of tho breakwater destroyed by tbo " aot of God in the form of Signa," aod you may depend other boards will not be forgotten— when tho Local Govern ment Dill is drafted. Tho Colonial Sugar Refining Company hasdeclared a dividend of 10 per coot. Thore is, manifestly, money in sugar yet, and the company knows what it is about whon it pays tho satisfactory prices for cano now ruling. The following edifying par will appro priately close the present budget : —Sir Henry Wrixon, speaking on tho Mining Developing Bill, is thus reported in the Melbourne Argus : The wholo history of financial advances by tho Government of Victoria has shown that you mast to' a groat extent be prepared to look upon snob money as lost. I speak feelingly, be cause I was one of the Ministers who framed tho Immigration Act, aud wo oudgolled our brains to deviso overy soourity for the State that wo could think of. We bolioved — poor, simply oreatures— that wo had socurod tho Stato against aoy possible loss, aud yet wo know now that thoso seotions were not worth tho paper thoy woro written on. What nonsense is it, then, to expeat to got liaok monoy advanood to mining com panios and prospeo'.ors. Tho only true ontorpriso in any community is tho enter prise) to be found in the pooplo tbomselvos. November 1. 