Down South. (FEOM oub OWN COBBESPOKDENT.) - Hobabt, July 2. The Ragged School Association is in a bad way. They have overdrawn theirbShk account some £200 odd, and their voluntary subscriptions have decreased to an alarming extent. They waited npon the Premier this week and asked him for help, and he promised to see what he could do for ihem. At the same time, he urged them to cultivate plenty of self-help and reliance. Parliament opens on Tuesday next. The Treasurer has a good balance-sheet to submit for this -year, andi, hesays, a better one for '97. The Premier will have a cheerful tale to tell about his department, and the Chief Secretary and Minister of Lands speak hopelolly of agriculture and minerals. The Attorney-General is what . is called the statute man; he prepares the laws, and leaves it to other people's discretion to adopt them. How his Electoral Bill is likely to fare has not altogether been made dear to himself or any one else. The general impression "is that the electors of the colony won't have it at any price. It was expected that judgment -would have been given in the Dixon-Henry case on the first day of term—Tuesday next. The Judges, hawever, have had a busy time of it lately, and they are not quite ready. About the centre of the month should bring the decision so anxiously awaited by many people. The Rev. A. Tumbull is getting up a concert in aid of the poor of the city. The object is a praiseworthy one, as there is a good deal of distress in the city in the short days and long nights of winter. The thing has been kept before the public well, and subscriptions are flowing in freely to the treasurer. The next step will be to see the money applied as it should be. The supporters of A. B. Worthington (late of New Zealand) have succeeded in renting a stately church edifice for him in one of the chief thoroughfares of the city. A.B. 'talks well. Whether there is much in his talk - is a question which can be left to those who pay him for his ministrations.. It takes a lot of people to make a world. The ghost business is still 'going on in the suburbs. The police oan't put their hands on the masquerading tom-fool, and not until some one puts a few ounces of shot into a tender portion of his anatomy will he learn to keep at home and play with the cat. What is known as the battle of the bands is going on. A lot of the bandsmen can write, not omitting the ever-green Hopkins. Both papers are publishing their lucubrations, which give one a quiet peep behind the scenes of band life in Hobart. Bands : men here are hot a happy family; tbey are too proud of blowing their trumpet. One got up the other night in a. band-room and offered to raise a musical organisation which would wipe any like organisation out of existence. Up to time of writing the organisation has not been got together.' The Democratic Society is increasing its membership every day, and the influence it exerts is being acknowledged by those who still hold the opinion that bricks and mortar shonld rale the roost. Democracy is going to have a big say in the next election. gMining speculation is coming to the fore, notwithstanding the fact that a number of worthless shows are being floated. Bulling and bearing the market is a practice still indulged in. People, however, who get bitten once in these go-along days are not nicked again, and perhaps, alter all, the people who suffer in the long run we the bulls and hears themselves, 