(Sermon. THE CHRISTIAN MINISTRY AND ITS DIVERSIFIED GIFTS. ? ? ? Preached at the Trinity Sunday Ordination at St, Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, May 31st, 1896, by the Rev. J. Garliok, Incumbent of All Saints' and Bural Dean of Bendigo. ' And He gave some, apostles ; and some, prophets ; and some, evangelists ; and some, pastors and teachers ; for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ.'— Ephesians iv. 11 and 12.' ' Take heed to the ministry which thou haat received in the Lord, that thou fulfil. it.'— Colossians iv. 17. When we study the New Testament diligently, we find that its varied references to the office and work of the Christian ministry uniformly present to the mind of the careful reader the very highest standard ?conceivable in several particulars — (1) In such personal qualifications as Christ and His apostles considered essential in those called to the office ; (2) in acquired equipment for the efficient carrying out of its work ; (3) in the exercise to be made of the differing gifts bestowed on ' all those who are to be called to any office and administration in the same' ; and (4) in the authority and power under which each individual minister made, ordained, or consecrated is sent forth to do his allotted work in the wide field of Christian mission amongst men. Whether we refer to the original, solemn delegation with which the Blessed Founder of the Church on earth invested His eleven immediate apostles — a delegation that contained, within itself, the ever fruitful .germs of its own reproduction to the end of the age — or, to our Lord's own other incidental allusions to the office; or, to the teaching, with respect to it, of some of His duly commissioned apostles ; or, to the numerous injunctions and hortatory counsels addressed by St. Paul to those already ordained or about to be commissioned — in all alike we find the highest standard set up, and fixed, as that to which it should ?ever be the aim and ambition of each individual in the ministry to attain. The Church of God on earth is unlike all other institutions amongst men, inasmuch as its origin, design, and scope are to be traced not to the capricious devices and changing wills of human authors, but to the wise, immutable purpose, to the unlimited power, and unfailing love, of the Divine Founder, Himself the great High Priest of humanity, and the perpetual Giver, through the agency of the Holy Spirit, of those heaven-sent gifts for ever to be used by His ambas sadors in the furtherance of their ministerial office. In that 'upper room' at Jerusalem, on the evening of the day of Besurrection, the first ministers of the infant Church received their warrant to minister, and, with the Divine afflatus of their risen Lord, they had power conferred upon them both to use, and to pass on, that warrant to others who should follow after them. ' Then said Jesus to them again, Peace be unto you : as My Father hath sent Me, even so send I you. And when He had said this, He breathed on them, and saith unto them, Eeeeive ye the Holy Ghost: whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained.' Now this delegation, taken in conjunction with the authoritative commission recorded in the last two verses of St. Matthew's gospel — where the specific ' Send ye others as I have :sent you' is surely implied — represents the one foundation upon which has ever since grown up, in its elaborated forms of super structure, the ministry of the Catholic Church of Christ throughout Christendom. And you know, brethren, that to-day our thoughts are specially ?directed both to the office of the ministry, and to the men about to be ?ordained as 'ministers of Christ and stewards of His mysteries' in that Anglican branch of the Christian Church, in true allegiance with 'which we profess to regard- it as a high privilege to hold ourselves bound. Presently, when the Bishop shall lay his hands on the head of each of the candidates for the diaconate, you will hear him say, as the lawful, and representative head of our Church in this diocese — 'Take thou authority to execute the office of a deacon in the Church of God ?committed unto thee;' the duties having already been defined. And again, as the Bishop and the priests present shall lay their hands upon the heads of those about to be ordained to the priest hood, you will hear uttered, with the same authority, the very solemn 'words : — ? 'Receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a priest in the ?Church of God now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. ' Whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven ; and whose ?sins thou dost retain, they are retained.1 ' Without this outward sign of laying on of hands, and without this solemnly delegated authority and commission, signifying all it was originally intended that the acts and words should signify, our branch ?of the Church Catholic holds and teaches, in the preface to the Ordinal, and elsewhere, that her ministers cannot be deemed to have been regularly and lawfully ordained. And yet in these days of the ever-widening circles of human knowledge, of worldly wisdom and scientific enlightenment, so impatient are we apt to be of old facts, old ways, and old beliefs, that it is not at all unlikely some in this congregation this morning may be mentally asking themselves, 'How dare any men, no matter what supposed authority they claim, use such words, and old-world ?signs, as the Ordinal directs shall be said and used ?' What assurance have we that the use of such solemn words and significant acts are not an arrogant assumption on the part of those who use them ? . And to all such like criticisms I would venture to answer — We dare to do these things in the Church of Christ to-day because we believe that God is faithful and true; because we believe He will fulfil His promise and give His Holy Spirit to them who, with loving, faithful, and believing hearts, ask Him for that gift; because we believe, as in New Testament times, when men were ordained to the ministry with the laying on of hands, and with prayers, and were .given gifts which they severally needed to make their work in the ministry effectual, so it still is with those who are now called to fill any one of the three orders of the Christian ministry— orders which Holy Scripture, and early Church history, alike, teach us were the legitimate heritage of the early Christian Church, and which subse quent Church history shows to have been universally so regarded during the first sixteen centuries of the Christian era. And I would further answer, in the words of a learned and venerT ?able bishop of the Church, still living, that — ' We are entitled to believe that it is still the prerogative of those called to be chief pastors in our Church to hand on the originally bestowed authority and power, because still we feel, as . the apostles felt, the love of God in our hearts; because still our joy, as was theirs, is the preaching of God's Word ; because still our earnest prayer is, as theirs was, for the souls' of our people ; and that, moreover, because, besides this inward testi mony, we have something which corresponds outwardly. We are not slothful servants of a master that is dead, but are engaged in the active service of One who is alive for evermore, and who promised,1 always to be present with those who should labour in His Church, even . to the end of the world. And because it may be truly said of our ministry, collectively, that it is neither unfruitful nor unblessed.' But my first text this morning sets before us diversities of gifts. And these coronation gifts of the ascended Saviour were, in the first place, undoubtedly men— not things, but persons ; not agencies, but agents; not ministries, but ministers— men who should give them selves heart and soul to the work of advancing Christ's kingdom on earth ; men who had special qualifications fitting them, under the guidance of the Holy Spirit, to do the special work indicated in the special offices enumerated by St. Paul. And such diversities of men qualified to exercise special functions, in their high calling, are still the gifts of Him who guides, and blesses, His Church to-day. We do not say that these qualifications are bestowed at ordination, but rather, as Hooker has expressed it, ' Out of men thus endued with the gifts of the Spirit, upon their conversion to the Christian faith, the Church had her ministers chosen, unto whom was given eccle siastical power by ordination.' Apostles to organise, ordain, and govern ; prophets to look into the heart of things, to discern, and enthusiastically, to communicate truth; evangelists to convert and reclaim ; pastors and teachers to guide and feed, instruct and edify the flock — and doubtless others, with varied gifts, not enumerated here. The Church of Christ, we know, is composed of all sorts and conditions of men — of men and women who differ one from another in mind and character, taste and pursuit, attainments and needs, as widely as the most diverse assortments of plant life, in the field of vegetable growth, differ amongst their kinds. And if the Church of Christ is to retain its claim to the title of 'catholic,' or 'universal,' she must minister to these differing members by men of diverse gifts. ; But whilst the Church collectively, in her corporate capacity, is responsible for the right use she makes of those who, with differing gifts, give themselves to her ministry, it must follow that each individual minister is .responsible for the due and proper exercise of the special qualifications with which God has endowed him; and that he must be held answerable only for his humble share in the work of progress, not for the progress of the whole body. Do you, brethren, who are about to witness the ordination of certain men amongst us to-day to the respective orders of deacon and priest in the ministry, ask — How may we know that they possess the required qualifications for the office? Then I reply, the judge as to whether they have the acquired equipments that our Church deems necessary for the office is our Bishop, who is about to ordain them, and to receive some of them as ministers into his diocese; he alone is answerable for the assurance that that part of their qualifications is, at least, sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Church in her present condition to-day. And the fact that he has met them here this morning for the purpose of .giving them respectively sthe orders he is entitled to give, is a guarantee to the Church, under his rule, that they do possess these needful qualifications. But if you ask further — 'How may we know that they possess in their hearts the influence of the Holy Spirit under whose guiding power they may hereafter hope to become 'able ministers of the New Testament?'' then I refer you to the preliminary questions which the Bishop will presently address to them, and to the answers that they will be required to make — 'Do you trust that you are inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this office and ministration: to serve God for the promoting of His glory, and the edifying of His people ?' And 'Do you think that you are truly called, according to the will of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the due order of this realm, to the ministry of the Church?' And who amongst us shall venture to question their solemn answers, 'I trust so' and 'I think so'? Why did each one in the ranks of the great body of Anglican clergy all over the world, in both heathen and civilised parts of it, thus answer the same questions when they were addressed to them,? Was it not because we felt the love of God in our hearts; because we earnestly desired to work for Him, to advance His Kingdom in the world ; and because we believed we should be able to do this more effectually in the ministry of His Church than in any other calling? . Yes, brethren, I sincerely believe that if the vast majority of our clergy were solemnly and truly to answer the question, 'Why did you so reply?' their inner testimony would be this — 'The moving power that prompted us was our love for God and for human souls.' That, I think, would be the inner witness that nearly all would give. 'But there was also a witness without, corresponding to this witness within. The ministry was not a sudden thought to us, impulsively seized and acted upon. Perhaps we had been brought up from childhood with the idea in our minds. In some cases, it may be, we knew it was our parents' wish; in other cases it is possible that our education and early training had been shaped with a view to it. Or it is quite con ceivable that no thought of the ministry came into our minds until some thrilling appeal touched our hearts, or some crushing sorrow made us feel the paltry littleness of time, and the overwhelming greatness of eternity ; and then we felt that we were led by God's guiding hand, and knew that we were called to serve Him in the sacred ministry of His word and sacraments.' And, similarly, those who are to be ordained priests are asked a question, the substance of which was prescribed so far back in the history of the Christian Church as one of the early Councils of Carthage — a question which many a one has found it hard to answer truly, and perhaps has since been perplexed in determining whether or not he did answer it truly — 'Do you think, in your heart, that you be truly called according to the will of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the order of the Church of England, to the order and ministry of priesthood?' This double question asks, first, whether we believe and feel that direct spiritual work for God and our Lord Jesus Christ is a kind of ?work into which we can throw ourselves heart and soul? and, secondly, can we do so upon the lines, and according to the order laid down by the Church to which we belong? My brethren, of you, who are expecting to be admitted to the order of priesthood to-day, these solemn and direct questions about to be put to you demand whole-hearted and conscientious answers. If your ministry is to be a fruitful and blessed one, there must, of necessity, first be this inner divine ' call.' But in your earnest wish to answer conscientiously and truly that you think you have it, do not forget that God calls His servants in many voices and accents which do not sound the same to all who hear them ; and that these may therefore awaken in the hearts of the called responsive answers, alike, it may be, in their sincerity and, earnestness, but differing, widely, in their shade and fulness of meaning. And remember, too, that while every man has his own gift and summons, or invitation, one after this manner, and another after that, eacli one holds his gift in an earthen vessel, which must of necessity impart to it imperfections that are of the earth, earthy ; and each must respond to his summons as his own heart and reason shall direct him, and therefore the response cannot be wholly free from human frailty. But both a call and a gift there must be, if the work is to thrive, and the worker is to have Quietness and confidence in the work of the ministry. If you have not been able to answer both parts of this question honestly and decisively in the contemplation you have hitherto given to it, then it were better, even at this eleventh hour, that you should pause and seriously question with your conscience — Am I justified in going on ? If the Holy Ghost is to be really imparted to.you as the source, and motive power, of your ministry, and if that branch of the Church Catholic through which you seek to obtain your commission to work in the ministry has the right and the authority to lay down the lines on which her ministers shall work, then will you be no longer per fectly free and independent agents, at liberty to follow, in all things, your own private opinions and judgments, whether they accord or not with the. Holy Spirit's prompting, or our venerable Church's teaching. To claim full personal liberty to adopt our own methods, ways, and directions in work, rather than the Church's methods, ways, and directions ; to exercise our official functions and authority in opposition to the Church's order; to spend our lives, and use our gifts, in experiments that may tend to scatter, rather than to edify, or build up the flock, would certainly mean that we claim the right to be disloyal to our ordination vows whenever we feel inclined to direct ourselves, and to do our work in our own, rather than in our Church's, ways. I have spoken only concerning the ministry in our Anglican branch of the Church of Christ, because that is my special business in this pulpit to-day, charged, as I am, by the Kubric to declare the duty and office of such as have come prepared to be made deacons and priests, and on such an occasion you all in this Cathedral now have a right to expect that the preacher's words shall be out-spoken, plain, and direct. But,. brethren, I would deprecate, as strongly as anyone can deprecate, the assumption which the teaching of some very enthusiastic champions of our venerated Church would sometimes seem to imply, I do not say intentionally imply — viz., that she, and she alone, possesses something very like a monopoly of the Holy Spirit's wort and functions. We may all sincerely thank God for the glowing witness borne to the verities of the Christian faith by denominations not in communion with us, and from our hearts we may wish them God-speed in their work. All agencies that 'make for righteousness,' as against evil, and which bear evident tokens that their works are amongst the fruits of the Holy Spirit, should be dear to, and held in reverence by, all who profess to love Christ, and to desire that His Kingdom shall be established in the hearts of men. But as some of their interpretations of Holy Scripture, and some of their practices and methods of working, differ greatly from those ?which our Church inculcates, it surely follows that any attempt, on our part, to merge these differences in practice can only result in confusion, and must tend to lead the people, committed to our ministry, to think that, after all, we have little practical faith in those things which we stoutly profess we believe in, and that the differences ?which separate us are of little or no consequence to us. Within the boundary limits of our own pale there is ample room for the exercise of diversities of gifts, and for the inculcation of every phase of the very essence of the purest Christian thought,, teaching, and practice. Only the other day this comprehensive feature of our Church was forcibly and beautifully expressed by the eloquent Dr. Alexander, who had recently been enthroned as Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of all Ireland. In the course of an answer he made to an address presented to him by the clergy and laity of Armagh, he said: — ' The great Anglican Church has ever been a golden link connecting the permanent with the progressive. Wherever that Church exists in vital power, three schools, popularly known by three denominations of space, find a home. To which we may now add a fourth, not so much High, Low, or Broad, as Deep ; thoughtful, patient, free from extremes,, carefully weighing what is good in each, and 'Harvesting truth, stray ears, Singly gleaned, and in one sheaf, Bound together for belief.' Liberality of speculation and liberality of practice must have bounds of some kind, however, and particular churches have the fullest right, to determine for themselves what these bounds shall be, and to restrain those who overleap them.' Such then, brethren, will be your calling, and the many-sided and legitimate uses you may make of the ministry under the orders you are about to receive. Identify yourselves with any one of the great parties in the Church if you honestly think that by so doing you can do more lasting, sounder, and better work in the ministry to which you are called. For myself I would prefer there should be only one party, and that party the whole Church. But I solemnly warn you to shun as something deadly to spiritual life, as a fruit not of the Holy Spirit,, but of the world, the flesh, and the devil, the exhibition of all party spirit, and the tendency to say hard, cutting, and uncharitable things of those in the ranks of the ministry oi the same Church, but classi fied by their brethren, if not by themselves, as belonging to one of the other recognised schools of thought. One has only to read the religious controversies, as recorded in the columns of the daily Press,, to see how deep-rooted is party spirit as shown sometimes between church and church, sect and sect, and even between parties within the same pale. Brethren, these things ought not so to be. In the bitterness of our strifes we seem sometimes to forget that while 'there are diversities of gifts' 'there is the same Spirit,' and while there are diversities of administrations there is the same Lord, and while there are diversities of operations it is the same God who worketh all in all. The injunction of St. Paul in his epistle to the Colossians, addressed to Archippus, of whose ministry or status nothing is recorded, and may therefore the more fittingly be generally applied, is one which we may all searchingly take home to ourselves, people as well as ministers — for there is a ministry of the laity as well as of the clergy — 'Take heed to the ministry thatthou hast receivedin the Lord, that thou fulfil it. We talk sometimes of 'success' in our ministry, but what do we mean by ' success'? I think we shall find in the end, when all things are weighed in the balance, that true success will be deemed to be the having done humbly and honestly, faithfully and loyally, and to the best of our ability, the work that had been entrusted to us ; not the array and parade of results that can be seen computed and measured as if it. devolved upon us to do both the sowing of the seed and the gathering into barns the fruits of our labours. With this part of 'success' we have nothing to do; the issues are with God, not with us. If we but do our part, under the wise and gracious guidance afforded us, giving ourselves, heart and soul, to the: service in which we have enlisted, then we may reasonably and. confidently expect that God will use and bless our ministry as shall seem best to Him in His Godly wisdom. 