AT T H E B A T T L E OF FLOWERS. I was lolling on one of the wooden seats, and fcaslring in the morning sunshine on La Croisett at Cannes. It was fiveor lix years ago. Tbe blinds of the white-fronted Cerele Nautiaue were carefully drawn,to protect tbe complexions of the one or two elderly members reading tbe newspapers in the big room; the little enclosure in front of - the club was encumbered with mountains of cane-bottomed chain, to be used when the military band played in the afternoon; Bumpelmeyer's, best and most expensive of afternoon tea-haunts, slumbered in the sunlight ; and from tbe depths of a grave of palms and orange tress in the garden of the Grand Hotel tbe drowsy burden of a KeopoliUn song waa wafted on the warm air. The sea sparkled and flashed ; tbe yellow sunlight on the road and the walla of tbe garden's made one's eyes ache. Near in by the narrow harbour, and out by tbe green islands, tbe little plwsnre boats which are peculiar to Cannes tacked and turned like seabirds sk : mming over the blue waters. Pr»sently an old gentleman who was sitting at tbe other end of tbe bench began to talk to me. He was grey-haired and distinguished-looking, and wore the small red ribbonof the Legion of Honour in the button-hole of bis light-fitting frock-coat. He was not a Frenchman, however, although an old resident in Cannes. He told me a number of interesting facts connected with the town in the earlv days of its popularity. But what interested me most was hia story xelating to the big white villa on our left. It was a large bouse standing back from the dusty road behind-two iron gates and a low stonewall. There aras a grass-sown lawn between the carriage drive and tbe parapet of tbe .wall; and two or three big palms, tbe highest trees on the Croisette, threw 'their blank shadows upon the rows of closely sbottered windows. It was a solidly-built,stately kind of house, but in tbe staring front and shuttered windows there was a depressing aspect, which my companion pointed out to me. " You notice that it it* unoccupied, although the season ia at its height," be remarked. " It is ten years now since anyone lived there, and I doubt very much if it will ever be occupied again. There are people who say thet it is haunted." " And ia it haunted P" I asked. • Perhaps it is haunted for the owners," ho replied enigmatically. " Have you happened to remark the cirvings on the gates ? No 1 Well, if you look, you will seo the Imperial Eaglea of Russia on both gates. The place belcngs to the Imperial Family—to one of the Grand Dukes. " Haunted !" he repeated. " If it is so— and who shall say that snch things may not be, sir ?—it is haunted by the ghost of a very beautiful and very unhappy lady—the last person whe ever lived within those walls, sir. She was quite young—two or three and twenty —with the splendid dark hair and glorious eyes of the women of the South of France. Tall and slender, gracious and graceful, in good health, she mast have been one of the baudsomest women in Europe. Wben I ssw ber, disease had already dolled, the lustre of her eyes and hollowed tbe fullness of bar face. I can remetn-, member ber 6ad smile of welcome, wbeu I was first shown into her presence, as well as if it was yesterdsy. Sbe was lying on a couch before the blazing wood-fire, in one of the front .rooms looking out over the bay, and the elderly dame de compagnie who had summoned me introduced me to my patient without a word of explanation as to the nature of her complaint. " • Am I so ill ss they say, Doctor ?' 6he asked in a low sweet voice. ' Do not be afraid to tell me the truth.' " It was not a pleasant question to ansarer. I may say, that at this time I had some slight reputation for my method of treating chest cases—1 have long since ceased to practice—and there eould be no doubt that there wss chest trouble here. I. made my examination : hopeless—the lungs going like dry paper in a red fire, and a consuming fever to fan tfie fatal flame. It was the horribly rapid destruction of ~anaturallystrong constitntioii that bad recrived a death-blow. She was doomed. Of course I did roi tell her so ; bit I enjoyed absolute quiet snd thu greatest carc. making a cheerful allusion ts the healing powers of the sunny days in store for us, now that a windy February was nearly over. " * Shall I be well enough to be out on the day of the Battle of Flowers ?' she asked. 1 It is on on the 14th of March, you know.' "1 told ber that this must depend on her caution and paticnce. Then I promised to come to era her again and went out with the elderly, grey-haired companion. You may imagine thnt 1 put a good number of questions to this grave-vissged lady. It is uweuliAl to a physician to be acquainted with the history or the case on which his advice ia sought—the beginning of the evil, its course, anil f>o forth. But precious little assistance did 1 obtain. My beautiful patient bad evidently .forbidden her dependent to give me any information. She bad no friends or relstium*, I was told, who could be summoned to the siek- hed. She was living alone in the big villn, with ue« ly engaged servants to wait upon her, and not a soul to cheer her through the long dull days of illness but the taciturn companion. " Well, air, 1 made my way straight to tho house-agents and bankers, determined to find out all that waa possible concerning tbe matter. Tbe agent—an exceedingly able and obliging gentleman—would tell mo everything he knew. Oddly enough be knew nothing. "' You ask who and what is Madame Gregory, the tenant of the Villa St, Marguerite,' said my friend, * 1 wish to heaven you eould tell us ! We know no more than the man in the moon. All I can tell you is—the is fabulously rich, and sbe has got . us into a lot of trouble, and lost us an account which we highly prized,' "It appeared that early in the autumn tbe agent was instructed by tbe Imperial owners to find a tenant for the. villa. Just about Christmas this Madame Gregory applied for it J a provisional agreement was made—the ncgotia tions to be held open for a few days. In those few days came a despatch from St. Petersburg saying that the Grand Duke himscK meant to occupy tbe house with bifi young bride. The agents tried to break-'off tbe agreement, but could not do so. 33iey bad let the villa, but the price was not yet- settled. (So tbey determined to get rid.of Miidame Uregory by making a preposterous, demand. They named eu absurdly large sum ;'&e; lady agreed to it without a word of' exp«tulation,*and the.contract bad to be signed. The Grand Duke, it seemed, waa furious, and an Imperial—and iqipefions —client was lost to Uie'agency. • •'Now,. sir, you, frill hardly credit it, but for. tbree wepks I attended my lovely patient, for three weeks I played the part of - a private detective, questioning servants, tradesmen, ix.; for three weeks I enjoyed a growing friendship with my poor charge—without, in the slightest degree, pierciqg the mystery which surrounded her. " It cut me to the heart to watch this bcautiful young creature fading away, alone and friendless—to realise that die was unhappy, that some crushing sorrow was fightingagainst tbe young life, side by nde 'wilh the fell disease r-and yet to have uo clue to lighten the darkpest about her. - Who can minister to a mind diseased ? I bag a thousand suspicions, but: jpever once fqtde a gueas within leagtye^*of the fpiih, until ope dfty .chance )iftet) tbe vejl;.. V1 was sittiug by htf bedside, willjngly wasting »n .|iour in tbe pndearopr fohrjghjen the. somlipe monotony of hpr long days bya litt)e popup of the outside world; i^hen—u sbe tnored re-stlrssly—there fell friim beneath her pilloir » heavy trinket. I stooped-ta pick it •up, and Involuntarily examined It. ' '• ' : .. " It was an exquisite gold-ftAtrjcel miniature set with precious stones,and aurrapupttd by l^K \- Imperil! proiyp of Jtftscja in hrillisntt/ l-Butit ftf tto f»ge-l&e; Jsao'ifacelptotamj^p —that startled me ss violently. I murmnred the man's name as I handed the trinket back to ber trembling hands. " ' Yrs. It is the Grsnd Duke Gregory e Gregororich - of Russia* and—my husband, 1 she said slowly, anrl then burst into a torreut of tears. The companion hastened to her side, begging and praying her to compose herself and to say no more. " But I said, • My poorcbild, tell roeeverything. Look at my grey haira -, I am old ennugh to be your father. And are not doctors the priests of modern life P Confess yourself to me, and lot me help yon if I can.' " Well, then, sir, little by little her story rame out—a story so common that you, as a man of tbe world, will probably have beard many similar. I will give you the briefest outr line, though, to me, tbe unhappy girl pouted out- her whole heart, snd filledin every little detail of lier romance with' the marvellous power which comes only from deep feeling. " This Russian was a scoundrel—a cowardly, cold- planning villain. 1 can't help being warm, sir. He came to Alpiors on a Russian man-ofwar, at the time when the girl's father, a great French contractor, was engage*) on the harbour works, and the family. were living in a big villa above the town. The sailor-prince deliberately ret himself to win the girl's heart. The weeks rolled by, the ship should long ago hsve sailed, but the Royal commanricr lingered. One night they wero married—solemnly, formally married —in their own names, before the Frcnch consul at Algiers. The girl bad no shade of doubt as to tbe validity of the contract; the man knew that it was absolutely worthless. That, sir, is Russia's Imperial method of seduction. " Then followed desertion, excuses, lies, and, flnally,tbeintimation that the Czar had refused bis ratification of the uuion. Disgraced and dishonoured,bflr father and mother dying of the bitter shame, the poor creature found her way to St. Petersburg, to plead her esauso with the grrat tyrant, aud arrived ouly to findthe man who had ruined ber on the eve of solemnising bis marriage with another woman. " She was standing in the snow, outside the church, and the bridegroom saw her, and his face turned palR as he passed intovardBthe bifrh altar. She waa standing in the snow, outside tbe palace, while the marriage feast proceeded. Formwne finwthe desolate black figure from the palace windows. An order wos given, end she was driven away by tbe Imperial Guards at the point of the bayonet. " 1 1 shall see him once again. Doctor,' she said. 4 Look you, the newspapers say he will be here before the firstBattle of Flowers, Ho wsnted to bring ber to this house. He does not guess who is bis tenant.' " I soothed her as well as I could. I knei now why she clung to the idea of being nut. for the Battle of Flowers, and 1' let ber think she would be well enough to be present, (bough I knew there would be no chance of it, " Now see how strangely Providence, Fate, blind chance—call it what you will — orders things to pass. I shell never forget that 14th of March. The mistral was blowing, and the white dust was whiiling along tbe Croisette— one of those horrible March days which we sometimes have I.ere. I was taking my little niece to see the flowerbattle, and 6be was delighted with tbe music of the band, the beautifully dccorated carriages, the ram of blossoms when parties of friends passed raeh other ; while I was shivering, and wondering at the folly and extravaganco of the whole business. " My little niecc and I pasrcil this very seat-, sir, and had reached that further palm, when shouts and cheering further down attracted ray attention to an approaching vehicle. In a momi nt I rrcngnised the splemlid hlnck homes —Komanolfs— and the gaudy livciius of the servants. The wheels and body of the bnrouehe, the harness of the hoisos aud box-seat we-re bidden by a thick covering of white flowers— lilies-of-the-valley, white lilac, tuberoses—tho most expensive flowers,costing thousands and thousands or franrs. The CArriage waa the success of tho afternoon. It hsd won the first prize— a gorgeous silk banner—and the Grand Duke Gregory and his fair youug bride were in tbe most affable humour, bowing and laughing and flower-throwing with the greatest energy, " Precisely where I was standing a block occurred. The white carriage came to a standstill. Instinctively I looked across the road to the Villa St. Marguerite. To my horror and Amazement my patient was standing in the garden, with her hands on the low wall, staring with fixedeyes into tho Royal carriage. Suddenly be ssw her, started to his feet amid the mass of blossom, aud stood staring back at tbe woman he had wronged with a look of deadly terror iu bis heavy face. Then I saw her lift a bouquet in her band ; but at the same moment a convulbivc lit of coughing seized her. She staggered and reeled, held the wbito flowers to her mouth, and in an instant they were red, then burled them in the man's face, and fell back into tho companion's arms, while the carriage rolled on, and tho bride and bridogroom tbe lilies and the lilac, were spattered and stained by ber lifu's blood. Yes, sir, it was fine, wss it not P I shall never forget it. Sbe was dead before I had crossnd the road and entered tbe garden. Sudden hscmorrhsge, he. "She was buried in tho cemetery over yonder —s huge white sarcophagus, dominating the bill and the harbour—we ought to be'sble to see it from where we sit—snd deeply cut em one face of it (the face which points to Russia) were tbe plain words,' Here lies '—I won't tell yo« the name—' lawful and only wife of Gregory Gregorovitch,Grand Duke and Arch-Traitor or RuBsia,. That ass all. But tbe Czar heard of that inscription, made strenuous representations, and the French Government offered sycophantic apologies, and chiselled it nut—cut it clean away;so that if you go to the cemetery and look at the great white tomb, you will see no word or syllable to tell you it marks the restingplace of a deeply-wronged woman. " But 1 have wearied you with this narrative. Sir, 1 bave tbe honour to wish yau good tnqrp- iog. ''—The World." 