PLAIN GIRLS, " Do plain girls ever become pretty ? " asks a correspondent. The answer is, Not always. Sometimes » girl of ordi nary looks grows into a most fascinating woman, and, if not absolutely beautiful, may claim to be good looking. How often the tall, bony, awkward girl—the acknowledged ugly duckling of the family—develops into a perfect specimen of lovely woman. The bony limbs have rounded themselves, plump soft flesh has ttiled up unsightly hollows, the square ness [and angularity ore departed, and the budding woman is delicately propor tioned as VeiiU3. Just so the plain girl of 17 may in time becomo the attractive young lady of 24 or so. A faco that in early youth is blank and devoid of ex pression often changes considerably as the girl grows older, giving to tho fea tures a beauty that was not traceable before. Beauty often deserts the lovely woman. Care, worry, or illness plaj serious havoc with a handsome face ana not tlieso alone, for Nature, of her own accord, sometimes erases, iiio loveliness, leaving the face a very ghost of its former self. The. features aro not altered much as tho oxpression, and expres sion has a deal to do with the beauty of countenance. In fact, a plain face oives. much of its unattractivenesa to. its lack of expression—there are r, heaviness and stolidity about it; whereas a beautiful one, if not actually bristling with anima tion, hhS£* graceful airiness and ease that | add greatly to its charm. Dor the plain ; girl in her teens tliero is hope of restitu- j tion, for as the maid becomes a woa.y»n sho undergoes u wonderful transform a- I tion. lVitli the development of tliff figure tho faco o^ten. alters considerably, and mostly for the better. How ttftcn one hears ' the remark among frifonds, meeting after some few years of absence, " How you have altered ;• I /really shouldn't have known you." Plain! girls, therefore, are not always plain/ "and healthy exercise, happiness, and) con tentment, with care and attention, may do much toward the development^ good looks and general attractiveness. 1 