1 SPORTING AsuWS . THE T0RF, (By OffslHer). Mr. J. Itedifoaarue appears to iiavt a worthy successor to .Haiimm in the 2 year o»u -b.g. t*ian of Jiouor t>y 'X'Seai ou-Alaid of.Honor who won ft Fifing Handicap the octier day. XUie colt was bought lor 120 guineas and is -engaged In che Derby and Spring Stakes. Parus was awarded 10 stone in tlie Doncaster Oiestjertieid Handicap IVi miles. Tile minimcm was Ost Tib. Ube Officer is said to be in the best of Lealtii. Trentliam is now as good a. favor ite as anything for -tbe Mellumme Cup at 1000 40 85. . Wednesday's Towusvllle Star" says The scratching of Cabin Boy from the Townsville Cup to-day at 11-13 a-in. came as a- csiiock <lo bac kers, and probably as a. gnarflian an gel to the "boobs." From the publi cation ol tie weights be was rudied .by the ptrblic <or the double, was as-' sodated with Harvester {who has been «oattbed from both the long races). Babel and "in .fact every torse who was thought to have the ghost of a Khovr In the Plate. In the double, FJying and Cup, Cabin Boy was alsc coupled withueeiriy ewerjflhijig going, so that perhaps very few, if onj double picks stiO bold good. Caliu Boy worked at Cluden this moniins and Beamed well, while Harvest ei worked on the beach, tfmdihefact of hit toeing left in die Ooden Plate woulo lead one to toelieve liat be was a!st .wen. It would thus seem that tbe tn> have been scratched' simply be cause their owners could not get. any money on. It eucli was the cause of <their withdrawal, tiie public in a. mea sure ace to blame. Before the owners had even time to lw»ck tiiem the pub lic stepped in and ew«pt the market,! with, the result that they could notJ get what tliey considered a. fair price.! It would bare been more reasonable and certainly more discreet had tne; public abstained from betting until the owners wene satisfied, and the®! take what was left. Tthen there would hare been some' seasonable ground Chat j they would Irivc had a Ton for their j money, although Hie odds would bare been much shorter-hardly so short as they ore now. Still both Mr Biles' andj Mr Jenkin made a. mistake In Iwiag jtheir scratching till .the eleventh\ hour.. Surely both could hare known before to-day that no money was a vailable with the Ixtote, and the fact1 of both Harvester ami Cabin" Boy being left in the acceptances on Mon day 'was, If nothing else, misleading.' The wrathot backers was apparent all the afternoon in Flinders street. E. Silra would like to see this cUenta foil up and be paid and pay over the T^J.C. Meeting, and all previous meet ings. He does Dot wish to advertise foe missing &iftndK;_ a great xunubci ore very bashful after each meeting.* 