NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. By the author of " EFFIK SEITOW "JESSIE MELVILLE :" "LUCY, THE FACTORY Gini," " ECSVA.CE, THE OCTCASr." Chapter yy.—CONTINUED. " I heard more of my master's secrets still,** answered Nelly—"something- that merely concerned myself." : "What!" cxclaimed Albert. "He ban been plotting against you, too ?" "You shall jud;?e.*' replied the girl. " From what I overheard, I learned thai my father made a will, by which I shall ir<-t. all the property my uncle has taken possession of. The will was in master's hands, and he made a bargain with my uncle to keep it back—master to get fifteen hundred pounds for doing so." "The rascals!" said Albert through his set teeth. " But," continued Nelly, " Mr. Chipps means to overreach my uncle in the matter ; for he gave my uncle a copy of the will, which the latter thought was the real one, and which he burned. The real one, however, is in a 6ecret drawer in master's cabinet. He doesn't dream that I know that." "If it could only be got hold of," said Albert. Nelly continued—" The copy which he gavemy uncle was in the closct, and when he came in for it he discovered me." " Confound it, that was unfortunate ; and what was the result r" " I was kept a close prisoner in an attic room for a week; then they put me into a largo box and brought me here, where for eome weeks I have been confined in an empty room—Walsh being my gaoler." " Confined in the same house!" exclaimed Margaret. "And my husband, where is he?" asked Mrs. Walsh, trembling with agitation. ' "He took ill of a fever yesterday," answered Nelly, " and to- night became delirious. In his madness he wanted to kill me, when I made my escape from the room, and fled from chamber to chamber, he pursuing mo with a knife. At last I saw a ray of light from your room, and pushing against a brick it fell, and I cried for help, and you mercifully saved me." "And Walsh, where is he now inquired everyone, in great excitement. " I know not," answered Nelly. " He was knocking wildly on the door of the room when I sprang through the aperture." "Wicked as he is, he must not be left alone in the madness of fever," observed Albert. " Oh! let us go and find him," pleaded his wife. " He is my husband, and I loved him once." They all hastily rose, and the young men getting lights, they proceeded to the painting-room, with the intention of passing through the hole in the partition in search of Walsh. They found him lying, however, on the floor, where he had fallen before the picture, and the knife beside him. He was still insensible; but they raised him, and conveying him to another room, stripped him and laid him upon a bed, his much-injured wife and Margaret Clayton remaining to watch by the couch. Cfoapteryyi. REMORSE, REPENTANCE, AND FOR- GIVENESS. ' It is necessary that we should briefly explain how it happened that Nelly, on making good her escape from Walsh, fell into the protection of Deborah Dickson and the rest. And this leads us back to the night, or rather early morning, when Margaret and Mrs. Walsh wore rescued from the house in Leeds. That New Year's Day was spent in considering what their future course should be. For most of their sakes it was found highly necessary to leave Li'eds. Neither Deborah nor Harry was safe there; and lir.i. Walsh and Margaret were both anxious to fret out .of the reach of W.iish and Bob Preston. Albert Clayton enrol little where ho lived, as far as personal safety was concerned, for, as his enemies thought him dead, there was no fear of him bcin:r hunted after. Rut, as he still wished to leave Lady Clay ton and Chipps, the lawyer, under the impression that he was removed out of their way, it was important that he should neither be seen nor recognised in the city. lie, therefore, was inclined also to leave Leeds. The only other members of the party were William Simeand 'his mother, neither of whom apprehended ,'any danger either from Walsh or Bob Preston; but William was a fond and devoted lover, and if Margaret was to depart, he (could not think of remaining behind. I In the consideration of this question one important element required to be taken [into account, and that was the financial. William Sime was a journeyman watchmaker [and could find employment in anv large town; but. Albert Clayton had never yet •earned a subsistence, and the difficulty with him was how to do it. It was highly necessary that it should be done. Ho happened ito have a few pounds in his purse, and a .splendid gold watch in his fob, when imjmerscd in Waterloo Lake, and on further examination he found a valuable diamond pin in his cravat. These, if sold, would supply the demands on him for a short while, but as he knew not how long he might require to ,trust to his own resources, he thought it would bo wise to use the produce only for his necessities. lie felt that it would bo • more desirable to earn something, not only .for his own wants, but for those of the ladies twho were so far thrown on his care. Ho i was a long time puzzled to think how this might be done. Various plans occurred to 'him, most of which were abandoned as imjpracticable almost, as soon as formed. At 'length one bright idea struck hiin, and it appeared so feasible that he stuck to it. For years past lie had been a most enthusiastic amateur photographer and ho thought that .by buying the apparatus and all things necessary he might realise something by the art. .With this view he sold his gold watch and diamond pin, and bought the requisite instruments and chemicals. The only question now was whore to go to put the experiment to the t«6t. A very short consultation between William and himself made thein fix on Manchester, and they at oncc removed thither and were fortunate in finding an empty house. William Sirac at onco got employment in a watchmaking establishment; and Albert, under the designation of Monsieur Iia Fevre, commenccd business as a photographer. Ho succeeded admirably, and was largely patronised—Harry being a most effi- .cient assistant to him. In his leisure hours lie wrought at an oil painting, which he thought of sending to the next Exhibition— taking for his subject the incident on the Lake when he nearly became the victim of Walsh. At this painting he was labouring, with Harry as his delighted helper, when Nelly demanded his aid. ! For the few weeks in which they had lived in this secluded manner in Manchester they had been very comfortable and happy, often wonderfhg among themselves how Nelly would be getting on with her master, and •what would be her conjectures as to the non appearance of Deborah in Woodhouse-lane with news of Hany. Frequently they thoathtof communicating with her, but the risk tfccv thereby ran of betraying to their cncmi^'the place of their retreat kept them |ilcu- Little did they dream that the sub jo< t of their solicitude was confined at a few rooms' distance from them under the gaolership of Walsh. Her singular and unexpected appearance anioup. tl;..iu was hailed with extreme satiafacti"ii. She bad not only escapc-d from the camp of the enemy, but she came ladvu with ail their sccrets- Nelly's escape would bring matter* to an issue ; and Albert Clayton, win- Uil that with him lay the duty of taking a' tiy:i, was puzzled how to proceed. The situation was a very critical one. Lady Clayton and Chipps would fight the battle unscrupulously, and with the fiercest determination. He was likewise aware that they had a certain advantage on their side, inasmuch as ihev would compel hiir. to prove, first of ail, Hr.rry's identity, and then his legitimacy—tvr« things difficult at nil times, and doublv so hero on account of the private manner i:i which his parents had been married. The chief witness to both matters was Deborah Dickson. Fondcring over these things, Albert Clayton at length came to a resolution which gave him great relief. He resolved to consult his father's former solicitor—Mr. Ball—whom Lady Cliiyton had dismissed when she came into power, and put the management into the hands (if Chipps. He would call upon him and lay before him all the information of which he was himself possessed. For the present, however, he decided to do and say nothing till an issue was reached in the illness of Walsh. The latter still lay delirious under bis violent fever, his wife and Margaret watching closely beside him. Notwithstanding his cruelty, his neglect, and injustice, that patient, loving wife tended his sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his burning brow as he lay unconscious of everything but his suffering, and striving to do her utmost to alleviate his pain. In this merciful and loving ministration she was zealously assisted by Margaret, who likewise forgot her loathing and hatred of the man who would have blasted her life and consigned her to misery. In his helplessness and affliction she was ready to return good for evil, and day and night remained by his couch, rendering him attentions which could ' not have been excelled by a daughter's affection . , Occasionally Deborah, and Mrs. Sime and William, and even Albert Clayton, visited the room, thongh the latter cared not to appear in the sufferer's sight lest he might recognise him, aud bo filled with increased horror at beholding what he could only consider as the spirit of the murdered victim. For twenty days Walsh lay unconscious • under the power of the fever, his natural rugged strength and the vigour of his con- . stitution sustaining him under its severity, • though the watchers could see that every day he grew weaker. The doctor who was called in did his utmost to check the disease, but his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on a mild March afternoon, as his wife and Margaret sat silent in the room listening to , liis breathing, which had for some time been i soft, low and regular, he stirred slightly, and • when they looked they saw him open his \ eyes and gaze at them with intelligence. ; The wild blazing light of insanity was gone, ! the burning flut-h had left his face, and a calmncss rested on his features. ; He looked steadily at both of them for a , few seconds, then his ryes wandered round | the apartment, and his counleuancc mani- i fested surprise. "Wife," he said, in a low voice, "what , place is this we arc in? This is not our , house." | " No, James," she gently answered. " Do ! you feel yourself better nowr" " Better F" he repeated, "what's the 1 matter with me r" j " You have been very ill." ; "Have I? Nonsense. I have had but a long sleep, that is all. I must rise now." , lie tried to sit up, but to hi* surprise 1 found he could not even lift, his hand to his luad. His utter weakness told him what she said was true. " I have been ill, have I ?" he muttered. "I thought it was just a lung bad dream. What has been the matter with me, and where are we r At Keiirhley's r" " No, James," she replied. " We are in Manchester.'" "Manchester?" he repeated, gazing at. her in astonishment. " What are wc doing . in Manchester? Ah, wait a bit," he suddenly added, my head is strangely confused, I but it is getting clearer."' He lay for some time in deep reflection, which they did not care to interrupt. Evidently the recent past was coming to his re- : mumbrance. "I recollect all now," he said; "but where is the girl—she was with me when I was taken ill." j Mrs. Walsh replied by narrating the par- . titulars of Nelly's flight, and how both she • and himself had changed quarters. j •' And that was last night," he said. " Oh, dear, no. James. Ii. was three weeks ; ago. You have been delirious al! tiie time, 1 and Margaret and I have watched over you." ; He fixed upon her a look of intense astoiiishmerit. j " But how do you happen to be here ?" he ', asked after considerable pause. j " We did not thiiik it right to remain in ' Leeds after—after yon night," she replied, j striving to infuse no reproach into her tone, : " and we came here, and have been here ever ! since ; but, .Tames, I think you should not speak any more now—you are very weak, ( and require repose." i He gave her another peculiar glance, and I a blush of shame glowed for a moment on his ! face. j " I believe you are right, wife." ho said ; | " but I suppose it is all up now with Chippa and Lady Clayton. The girl would go right .' off and toll the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer, I expect is in prison, and I will be : taken there as soon .is I can be moved. It is ] very kind of you, Mary," he added, bitterly, " very kind of you to preserve me from the gallows." *' Hush, James, do not speak so," she answered. "Nelly is in this house—she has never left it, and has told nothing except to us." " Ha, you arc—you must be deceiving me. The girl would take the first opportunity to be off to Leeds." " Indeed, James, I am not deceiving you," said his wife, earnestly. " What I say is true—every word; and you know I never told a lie." "No," returned Walsh, slowly; "but it the girl be here, I must see her. I shall then be satisfied. " I will bring her," said Margaret, rising and leaving the room. In a few minutes she returned, accompanied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and Baid sho was glad to know he was somewhat better. " You have not been to Leeds?" he said. "I have not," she replied. "No one there, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise not to do or say anything in the matter at present." "This assurance seemed to satisfy Walsh, forlic turned his head to the other side of the bed, and immediately sank into a deep sleep. For many days after this he lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, but very weak—helpless almost as a child. 1 Patiently and unweariedly his wife tended &2 She while, doing her utmost to pro- 'mote his comfort and restore bis strength, j He received her attentions in silcnee. but ! often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if en- ! during mental suffering; and this he was silentjy experiencing to a great extent. Laid upon that bed of sickness, and unable to chase away reflection from his mind his wasted life presented itself before him in all its hideous deformity. First of all, he thought how little he deserved such kindness at the hands of his wife. Justly might she have left him to himself in his agony and helplessness, for he was aware how utterly he had crushed out of her bosvru the love she had once borne hiin. and how con:p! vit-Iy Le had placed himself beyond the pale of her sympathy. Yet here she was a cte? ottcnlant by his siek bed, watching him with the must tender solicitude, smoothing his pillow •o gently, anticipating his wai.ls, and sup- ! plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him i'i the heart. It was heaping .-rials of fire on hi.- head, and no more effectual means could have been taken to bri::g him to a sense of his guilt aud culpability What is there on earth more terrible to endure than the pangs of remorse! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when the soul, deep- . stained with sin and crime, becomes conscious of its guilt, and sees that guilt is the light of moral truth. Then there is nothing "but a fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation. But this is not all—this is not the worst; the judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it there is somethinglike the satisfvingsense of making atonement; but joined to this there is an aefcing void of regret and self-reproach, j which fills the soul with sorrow too heavy to sustain. Walsh felt this in all its horror, j for be thought of the time when first he ! C folded his youthful, blooming Mary to his heart, and whispered to her words of iove. What suffering had he brought upon her, and how different it might have becn ! But now—now he was the worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity. For days these awful thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained, and in very desperation he gave expression to them. It was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought he was sleeping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look up sho saw a strange and unexpected sight. Her husband was not sleeping, as she had eupposed—he lav gazing intently upon her, and ' an unshed teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that she could only sit and . look at. him. " Mary," said he, " how is it that you and Meg have been so kind to mo in my illness, though I have used you both so ill, and you know that I committed the worst of crimes?" Because we bear no malice, James," answered Lis wife. " This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as wo have done, and our blessed Saviour set us the glorious example. Your conduct has grieved us—deeply grieved us —but our feelings arc more those of sorrow than of anger. We bitterly lamented your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake." "And yet, Mary," groaned Walsh, in a tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, » vou have cause to hale me as badly as woman ever haled man. Don't rou remember when I wooed and won vou in "the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish >ou through life ? It was then that, believinlr mv fair promiscs, vou confidently laid your he'ad upon my shoulder and gave I Tour maiden heart into my keeping. Do ! "vouremember that, Mary?" ! " "Yes, James, I remember well," sobbed • 1 the wife, through fast rising tears. " Manv rears have passed since then ; but , what have thev brought to vou? Misery, ! wretchedness, and woe. Here I lie this ! evening, all that is vile, and with the damn- j ing weight of human blood upon my soul; ! and there you a wronged wr.mgcd and betrayed j wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all tbat makes life comfortable. I have thought of this as I never thought of it before. Not till Hay in mv helplessness, and saw you watching devotedly over me, did I sec my conduct ! in its horrid baseness.' Would to heaven it j were a dream—w ould that I could live my I life over again. But the wish is in vain. I I am lost, accursed, and self-damned." I " Hush, James : do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. "This blessed I book tells us there is hope for us all. Sinners ! far more wicked than you have been par- i doned, j i --.i and " : "Thatis not, cannot be true," interrupted Wal>h, hastily. " A more wicked man than me never lived. No rep -ntance can save me. Oue deed I have done which shuts the door of hope against me. I am a murderer." Mrs. Walsh was silent. She was sure he was alluding to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him at least before she had taken counsel of i others. " I can make no atonement for my deeds," : continued the remorseful man; but at least ' for the murder I can die. If I recover from the illness, it will only be to give myself up ! to justice, confess the crime, and suffer for ^ ,, : IT; „ •/•. , • , ... i IILS wite rose in great agitation, and with a bursting heart proceeded towards the door. , "Don ' I will t leave return me, immediately," Mary, pleaded she Walsh. an- ] swered, and vanished as she spoke. i She. was gone for some little time, when i she again c-ntered the room, and taking a seat 1 by the bed', laid her hand on the sick man's ! arm. i " James." she said in a solemn, impressive tone, " you were indeed guilty of an awful I j crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. | So far as your intention and belief went, you ! there ,. foully T j-, murdered T ,, Albert . Clayton." , . „ ! I did-I did groaned Walsh, hiding ' his face wiU one hand. ; " But, '. continued his wife, " I have ; strange news to tell you. A merciful Pro- | vidence interposed to prevent the deed being actually committed." He suddenly took away his hand and regarded her with a look of amazing inquiry. " Yes, it is as I say. A youthful pair. walking that night near the spot heard the : youth's cries. They had taken shelter bo- ; bind a tree, and you passed clo.-e by them, though you did not see them. They, how- ! over, saw and recognised ynu. When you • had disappeared on the road, they ran with | all speed to the edge of the lake and saw the ' young man rise to the surface. At great \ skthe youth made his way to where he was ! flo: oatir-g and rescued him." I " Mary, you are mocking me," cried Walsh, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. "No, James; what I state is a solemr truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. He if at this moment alive and well, and hif rescuers were Margaret and William Sime, licr lover." "Alive—Albert Clayton alive!" he repeated, with quivering lips, whilst his bosom heaved to bursting. " It is false—it is a delusion ! I will not believe it." " Will you believe the evidence of youi own eyes, then?" cried a cheerful voice, and at the same moment Albert Clayton entered the room, dressed exactly as ho bad beeD when, accompanied by Walsh, he went to the Tai'lr. Walsh stared at him in bewildered and horrified astonishment. "Come, feel me," said Albert, as, with a smile on his frank, handsome face, he approached tbe bed; "feci me, and convince yourself that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn't mean to let any of you know—at least at present—that I am still in the land of the living: but as Mrs. Walsh tells me you are full of repentance and ro- j morse on account of my supposed death, I thought I would case your mind a bit bv let -1 ting you know the truth. I don't think you will make a bad U6e of the knowledge." " Thank God your blood does not lie on nv soul," gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of r •- lief. " I feel some hope cow- I may a! don my wicked life and reform." " That's right," returned Albert. "It's not the thing for a fellow like you, who w;;s once an honest, righthearted man, to give yourself up to villainous courses. You har» j better stuff in you, and I am sure of it. Yo'i i have the making of a noblefellow, if you will | only shake off the connection with Chipps. j Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton, who are bad j to the core, everyone of them. Now, what [ say you? Will you henceforth stick to j truth, and do the right thing, and we'll ; stand by you, and ere long you will recover j your self-respect, and be happy yet with vour ! angel of a wife?" "God bless you, sir!" exclaimed Walsh, after a violent struggle with his emotion. " Heaven help me, I will do as you say. Mary, will you—can you forgive me ?" "Gladly, James—joyfully." TALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] 