FALSE EVIDE NGE Br E. PamLrPB OPrPNHarx. Author of "A Monk . of Cratao " A Daughter of the Maroni," eta, published bysprcial arrarngement oith Mesars Ward Lock 4 Boieden, Ltd. [AL BIGMHTS RE1VED]. CHAPTER XXVI. I "01VE WARNINGO." By ten o'clock in the morning I had written a letter which caused me a good deal of trouble and anxiety. It was to Sir Frauis Devereux : " The Cottage, Deverenx, " Wednesday morning. "DEAn SOi FBANCIs DEsvaIaE , "You will, I am sure, agree with me that the revelation of last evening renders it Imperative on my part to leave Devereux at coan, or as soon as possible. I most ask you, therefore, to accept this note as an Intima tion of my desire to do so as seon as con. venient to yourself. "No one could regret more than I do the necessity which has arisen, and I am deeply sensible of all your kindness to myself and to my sister. But, under the oironmstanoes, it would be, of coarse, quite impossible for me to remain here as your agent, nor I am sure wonld you wish it As tohe other offer which you were generous enough to make, the answer which I gave you at the time is absolutely Irrevocable. "With regard to the attempted burglary here last night and assault upon Miss Devereux, I shall be prepared to give evi dence when the man is charged. There are several matters connected with the estate with which I will not now trouble you, but which I shall be glad to lay before you or ier Bensome before I go. My books I am prepared to hand over to my neooessor or to Mr Bensome at any moment. "Thanking you again for the uniform. and, I fear, undeserved kindness which I have always received from you, "I rmain, yours obediently, "HUHs ARiUTHNOT. "To Oclonel BSirFranols Deverenx, Bart." Having despatched this, I ordered Black Prince, and rede away to a distant part of the estate to superintend the felling of some timber. As usual, when going any distance, I took some lunnh in my pocket, and ate it on a stile whilst the men knocked off for dinner. Just as I had lit my pipe and was preparing to start work again- for I was nos afraid of using my hands, and used to take a pleasure in getting through as much as any of the men-I heard the sound of horses' hoofs on the smooth, wide, velvet sward, and glancing up quickly saw that the whole party from the Court were close upon me, all except Mand and the elders. I drew back indifferently to let them pass, and bowed to Lady Olive, who was riding by the side of Franois Deverenx. She started when she saw me, and, detach lug herself from the rest of the party, rode over to me. " Fanoy coming upon you, Mr Arbuthnot, and hard at work too l What are you doing I" Catting down trees, Lady Olive." "Wall, you look in a nice meas," she de clared frankly. "What do you want to work yourself for? It's a shame that you should." I laughed at her indignation, thinking only that her flushed cheeks made her look uncommonly pretty. "I like working," I answered. "What would you have me do Shack about with my hands In my pookets all day?" "I don't know," she said, hotly. "But when I think of that Idle, lazy young Francis dawdling his life away. doing nothing except ape a man about town, and then think of you working hard every day, and remember who you are, it makes me foeel angry. Do you know, I longed just sow to push him out of his saddle. Is wouldn't take much, I don't think." I laughed outright, but Lady Olive re mained serious. "Well, perhaps you'll be better pleased to hear that I am going to give up working -here, at any rate," I said. "Of coarse I oan't stop now." She looked steadily between her horse's wrs, growing a shade paler, and I leaned against the stump of an oak.toee wondering how a riding-habit could have been made to fit so well, and admiring her dainty little figure. "When are you going?" she asked, suddenly. I shrugged my shoulders, "As soon as Sir Franis will let me. I ae, 'given warning.'" She looked down at me, and spoke a little hurriedly, but with a frank, sincere look in her ?ashed face. "Mr Arbuthnot-I suppose I mast call you Mr Arbuthnet-I think yours is the saddut story I have ever heard. I want you to let me tell you that I feel for you. u much as any one possibly could do, and I think you are behaving splendidly, just at I would have my own brother behave if he were in the same position." I felt more moved even than I should have cared to own, for I was just in that mood when kind words were sweet, and I had always liked Lady Olive. "You are very good," I said, warmly. "Tlisve me, it is a great pleasure to me to btr un ny this." "aveyou any idea yet where you are P?olg.'the asked, "or what you are going Ihook my head. "To London, first, and then I shall try ad disoovor my father, and get him to let me throw in my lot with his. Somehow I thick that I shall end by being a soldier. It'a in the blood, I suppose." "Mr Arbuthnet," she said, frankly, strethbing out her hand, "may we not be Irlendal I have never asked so much of a mn before, but, but--" Itook her little hand, and did no) at enosrelease it. "I 'hall be always glad to think of you as ich," I said, warmly ; " but I'm afraid i ' I very likely that we shall meet again r leave here, y life and yours will s very far apart." "I'm not so sure of that," she answered, tha an attempt at gaiety. "I'm going to rel about a good deal next year; and and Mr Arbuthnot," she added, colouring alittle deeper. "I know you'll forgive me for saying it, but my father-he's am bhaador at Rome now, y'u know-has a good deal of Influence in London, and espealaly at the Foreign Office, and if there as anything he could do for you h, you know what I want to say," she os off, suddenly, and looking away that I might not see the tears in her eyes. "T15 may want to try and get some aPPointment abroad or something, or evrn II you decided to go into the army, he might be useful to you, and he would do anything I asked him. He is very kind, ?d-and it would make me very happy to feal t we were helping you a little," a it so great a sin that for a moment I longed to draw that tearful little face down to mie and kiss It? I had never been in the least danger of falling in love with Lady O've, bright and fascinating though Swas, but at that moment it occurred to me that the man who won her would be a very fortunate man indeed. "Lady Olive," I said, earnestly, "I arocely know how to thank you. I cannot tall rou how much I feel your klndnen, I 'b tll ke you at your word, and write you I evr I need any help, and if I do not I 'hbll always like to think of your offer." She smiled down at me beamingly. " am so glad you're not offended. Of mosn I shell see you again before you go, will bring you down a card with my ac in London, Good-bye. No, ao She tonshed her hone with the whin and (dloped away after the other .and the bright winter's day seemed to me less bright when she had gone. I watched her out of sight, and at the bend of the grassy road she turned round in her saddle and waved her whip. I returned her farewell with my hat, then, when she disappeared, I went back to my place amongst the men, and worked till the perspiration streamed down my face, and I was obliged to take off my coat and hang it on a branch of a fallen tree. But I felt all the better for it, for it has always seemed to me, as it did then, that hard phyoloal labour is the most magnificent relaxation for an over-wrought mind. When the sun set and oar day's work was over, I was stif and my arms were sore, but my heart was lighter than it had been since this orisle had come. I stood f linog my pipe and chatting to the foreman whilst one of the labourers had gone for my horse, until he, too, followed the others, and I was left alone. At least I thought so, but I was mis taken. A voice, croaking and weak, al. most at my shoulder, suddenly startled me, and I turned round to find an old woman, bent double leaning on her stick, with her bead-like eyes fixed upon me. "Who be'st you 7" she said. "Be you him as they call the agent T' I acknowledged that it was so, and that my name was Arbuthnot. "It's a lo1," she answered, deliberately. "Doest think that Sarah Milsham knaw'et not a Devereux when she seest one f Be'st thou Muster Herbert's son! God bless him." I looked around anxiously, but there was not a soul in sight. "Thou be'st a son o' my Mr Herbert"' she mattered. "I knaw'et thou be'st so like him that I thought thee was a ghost. boy. What be'st thou a doing here Wharel't thy father i" "Abroad, mother, since you know me. Who are yoen ' "Who be I " she Isaghed, a mirthless. unpleasant laugh. "Why, thee hasn't hoard of Sarah Milsham? I nursed your father when he were a baby. What be'st a doing here, boy f Hast come to kill Enpert Devereux I" "He deserves it," I orled, hotly. "So afore God he does," oried the old hag, tremulously, "and die he will, for I ha' seen the mark o' death upon his fore. head. But it'll be no by your hand, no by your hand, boy. What be'st a doing here Go to thy father, boy I Why hest left him alone t " " I am going," I answered. "Please God I shall be with him before many months." "Ay, go, boy, go," she quivered out, "and tell him this from me. Tell him that sure as Dovereux Court is built upon a rock, I. Sarah Mileham, shall live to see him here again. Sure as that limb of hell, Rupert Devereux, bears the seal of death upon his forehead, so sure the day will come when C the whole country shall welcome him home again, and old Sir Francls shall be proud t' own him for his son. Tell him Sarah Mil. E shbam said so." She hobbled away into the wood and commenoed picking up sticks. I would have followed her, but she held out her hand to prevent me, and would not answer , me when I spoke. So I mounted Black Prince and galloped away homewards. When I entered Marian'e room I saw that she had a vialtor. Sir Francis Deverenux was leaning back in my easy chair, laughing t at one of my sister's quaint speeches, and she was handing him a cop of tea. CHAPTER XXVII. SIR FRAexC DEVRERIS?o APPEAL, Of all the contingencies which had occurred to me, this was one which I had not considered, for only onoe since I had been its occupant had Sir Francis called at the cottage. But his greeting was even a greater surprise to me. "Hugh, my boy," he soid, rising and holding out his hand, "I have come down c to have a chat with you, and Miss Marian has been giving me some tea." Something In his look, his accent, and his d words warned me that the battle of last night would have to be fought over again. a But for a while he talked of nothing, save e of last night's strange adventure and minor matters connected with the estate, of the t turnip prospects, and the timber felling, until Marian left us to change her frock. e Then, after opening the door for her with I his usual stately courtesy, he returned to f the hearth-rug, and with the firelight . playing around his tall, slim figure, and I with a soft, almeos appealing light relaxing I the hard lines in his face. he commenced e speaking. e " Hugh," he said, slowly, "they call me a proud man, but I have come here to beg a s great boon from you. Nay, let me go on," I for I would have Interrupted him. "Let a me say outright what I have come to say," i be continued, stretching out his hands as a though to silence me. "I want to tell you I a little of my history." i "You know, perhaps, that I was married twice. To you I do not mind admitting I that my last marriage was an unfortunate s one. Your grandmother was the only c woman I ever loved, and it was her son who i took her place in my heart-not Rupert's mother, much less Rupert himself. Perhaps c I am much to blame, but none the less it is l a fact that the death of my second wife gave me little sorrow, and I have never been i able to feel towards Rupert as a father t should feel towards his son. And since that day when I knew that it was his evidence (although he was right to give it) which had i brought irretrievable disgrace upon the a name of Deverenx, I have never been able -I say it to my shame-I have never been I able to bear the sight of him." Sir Francis walked roetlessly to the other end of the room, and then, returning, took up his old position. "For twenty years, Hugh, I have been a lonely, unhappy man. Gradually I began to lose all pride and interest in our family name, and even the Court itself, every stone of which was once dear to me. Everything that had made life endurable for me and pleasant had gone. My pride in, and love for, my son who had gone away with my blessing to be where a Devseresux should always be, in his country's battles, was euddenly blasted for ever. He disgraced our long line of ancestors, disgraced himself and me, and instead of falling on his sword, as he should have done, came home here, turned out of the army-a Devereox turned out of the army, to beg for my forgiveness I " My heart was burning, but I judged it wisest to hold my peace.o Ho had thrown his head back, and his eyes were sparkling with anger. His frowning face was as stern and hard as marble, and, old man though he was, he looked terrible. For a moment there was silence, and then he went on " Enough of him I If it had been Bupert n might soacme day have forgiven him. But Heerbsct, my eldest son, who at my death must be the head of the Devereuxna--oh, it is a cursed, ornel thing l" He turned his back upon me, and I heard a sort of gasping sob. I made a pretence of stirring the fire, and when I had finished he was himself again. "For twenty years," he went on, "I have lived alone with a leadea weight of misery dragging me down almost to the grave. And yet I have struggled against death for the simple rearcon that the thought of that disgraced man who was once my son calling himself the head of the Devereaxs, and lyinog down to rest within the walls of Daverenx Court, has kept me hanging on to life. My son a coward To ran away from the enemy I My God, what had I done to deserve this " "He was not a coward," I interrupted, passionately. "'Runpert lied I know he lied I He was jealoaus 1 John Hilton has confessed to me i" Sir Francis shook his head sorrowfully. "The word of a servant discharged with outa character is worth verylittle, especially when it is directed against his master," he said. "No, Hugh, my boy, if you had lived an long as I have, and had been a soldier, you would knew that a ouert.martiol never enrr. It never convicts except on overwhelming evidence, and its judgments are abolate. General Luxton came to see me when he returned to England, and from him I learned the undoubted truth." I remained sllent, One might as well have talked to the Sphinx as to this coldly obstinate, dogmatio old soldier: "I have come to make you an offer, Hugh," he went on in an altogether different tone of voice, "or rather to make you a request, and I beg you to remember that it Is one which Iles very near an old man's heart. I am ohildless and lonely, and weary of seeing none but girls' faces around me, Come and live with me as my grandson I Let that subject, on which we can never agree, be buried between uas Why should you go away on a wild goose chase Devereux Court is your natural home. Come and live there." I stood up and faced him. He was very much in earnest, I could see, for the long white hand which rested upon the chimney piece was shaking, and his eyes were eagerly searching my face for its answer; but what It read there could not have been enoouraging, for I never wavered for an instant. "Sir Francis," I asked, firmly, "does a Devereux ever break his oath or neglect his duty?" He shook his head. " Never I " "Neither will I, then." I answered; " my duty would never urge me to renounce my father, whose innocence I firmly believe in, and if I did I should break my oath, Sir Francis. I feel for you, and I love Devereonx. But what you ask I distinctly and absolutely refuse." He walked to the window, and stood there for a moment gazing across the park, with his hands behind him. Then he turned round suddenly and commenced drawing on his dog.skin gloves. He held himself up in his usual stiff, soldierly manner, but I could see that he was hurt and deeply disappointed. "More than I have said I oannot say." he remarked, quietly. "Good-bye, Hugh; make my apologies to your sister." I walked with him to the door, and watched him walk across the park with head bent more than usual, and slow, weary footsteps. Oh, that I could succeed in my life's desire and bring him home the son he loved I What would I not give to attain my end I And yet, save through my Uncle Rupert, how could I possibly succeed! My Uncle Rupert I Was it not strange that Mand's father should be the man whom I hated more than any one or anything on earth I CHAPTER XXVIII. GOOD-DYE TO DEERnEUX COURT. Mr Holdern dined with us that evening, and when he and I had the table to our selves, and little clouds of blue smoke began to curl upwards to the ceiling, he made a sudden request to me. " I want you to let me have Marian at onco," he said. " Why not let us be mar ried before you go away P" I raised but few objections, for the plan euited me. But Marian, when we told her, protested that a month was much too soon. Strangely enough, however, when I took her view, and rescinded my consent, she went over to the other side; so I gave in, and it was settled as they wished. An aunt of Mr Holdern's was written for, and arrived in a few days in a most excited state, with two tin trunks and a box of caps. A dressmaker took up her abode in our other spare room, and peace at the cot tage was at an end. Even in my sanctum I was never safe, for Marian would keep waltzing in with her month full of pins and her hair all disarranged, to beseech me to give my opinion as to the draping of a gown, er to inquire shyly. with a blushing face, whether 1 thought Charlie would like this or that I Altogether those few last weeke at the cottage were not quiet ones. Lady Olive came often and assisted eagerly at the grave consultations. But I saw her only for a moment or two now and then, for there were many things on the estate which needed my attention just then, especially as I was going so soon, and I was out most nights till long after our usuneal dinner-bour. Once Maud came, but I did not see her, end I was glad of it. If it had been pos sible I would have left Devereux without another word with her. But that was not to be. On the morning before the wedding 1 saddled Black Prince myself, and took him out for a farewell ride. I would sooner say farewell to a man than a horse any day I the Black Prince had been my chief com panion at Devereax, and a very faithful one too. He had never been the same to anyone else, they told me; in fact, he had got the name of being a brate, but when ever I entered the stable he would whinny and rub his head against my coat-sleeve, holding it there sometimes, and looking up at me-out of his mild, brown eyes as though imploring me to take him out. And now I was riding him for the lasttime I For the last time I watched him stretch out his legs for a gallop, and felt him bound away under me as he thundered over the turf. For the last time be picked up his legs as clean as a Leicestershire hunter, and flew over the park railings like a bird. And then who should we meet, as though to spoil our ride, but Maud and her father canterieg over the moor towards us, Maund with flashing eyes and a color springing into her soft cheeks as she waved her whip over so olightly, with a half-imperative Res tare. But I would see none of it. What had Black Prince and I to do with them P Nobly he answered my whisper, and cleared the high stone wall which separated us, and left them on their way to the house, whilst he and I flew on towards the deso Late moorland, heedless whither we went, so that we were alone. Three days more and I shall be away out of temptation, out of Paradise, alone in the world, with my life's work before me. What matter I Banish such thoughts -away with them I Away with that sweet, sad face, with its proud lips and sorrowing yes I What are these to my Prince and I, whilst we fly across the moorland, over hedges and fences, with the earth skim ming beneath and the wind-swept sky clearu and bright above I Live the present! Bury the past I Welcome the future I Regrets and haunting memories are the plagues of the devil. The Black Prince and I will have none of them. Ah! that was a wild ride. The wonder to me now is that we ever reached home safely. But we did, and when we got there I led him into the stable myself, and took the bit out of his mouth, and the saddle from his beck. I watched him munch his corn, and daintily thrust his nose into the bucket of chilled water, and when I turned away and walked into the honue there was a lamp in my throat. A gentleman was waiting to see me in my study, I was told-and without asking his name, and with very little curiosity, I crossed the hall and entered the room. Teen I gave a great start, and my fingers olosed upon my rlding-whip, for upon the hearthrug, hat in hand, stood my Uncle Bupert. Had he not have been Maud's father I should have taken him by the neck and thrown him from the house. As it was, I stood waiting with the door in my hand and an angry sparkle in my eyes. "You are not pleased to see me, Mr Arbuthnot," he began, nervouensly. "I did not expect that you would be. But my daughter tells me that she has scarcely thanked you for your gallant behavior the other night, and, as her father, I trusted that I might be permitted to come and o~ffer you my most heartfelt thanks." And this was my Unole Rupert I this tall, thin man with the eager eyes and nervous manner, and sad, sweet tones. For, although I hated him, I could not help notolog that I had never heard a man's voice more pleasant to listen to. Whence had come the affected manners and thinly veiled snobbism of my oousin Franolaal Not from his father. "I fear that Miss Devereux, in her very natural terror, has exaggerated the services I was fortunate enough to be able to render her," I answered, loily. " I trust that ase has recovered from the shock." " Quite, thank you. Mr Arbnthnot, there was another reason which brought me here. All through myliet-whioh has been a most unhappy one - I have constantly been troubled with the reflection that though innocently (that you will net believe, but no matter), I was the cause of poor Herbert's -yourn father's trouble, If I could render his son even the slightest service it would be a great happiness to me. You are going to London, I hear. You know no one there, and you have no friends. Could you not make my house your home? You will not take the name of Devereux, I hear, but Mr Arbuthnot would always be a welcome and an honored guest," "You have a consolence, then, Rupert Devereux? " I said, quietly. He looked at me appealingly, flushing to the very roots of his hair. "I scarcely understand," he began, hesitatingly. "Let me explain, then," I said, looking at him steadily. "It seems to me that, having wrecked my father's life by a deliberate conspiracy, you are now seeking to expiate that most damnable sin by con ferring favors upon his son, It will not do, Rupert Deverenxi" I should have pitied him had he been any other man, for he stood there looking distressed and disappointed. But, remem bering who it was, I watehsed him with a bitter, sneering smile. "Then there is nothing more to be said, I suppose," he remarked, with a sigh. 'I had better go." "You had better go," I echoed. "The only words I shall ever care to hear from your lips will be a confession of your vil lainous lie. I cannot beoieve that you will have the courage to die with that foul sin on your conscience." He moved his position, and then for the first time I remarked how like he was in the outline of the face and the features to aund. But the likeness softened me not one whit towards him, whilst it made me feel harder towards her. Ho moved towards the door with a deo jected gesture. "You are very hard," he said in a low tone, "very hard for one so young. But I daresay that, according to your view of .the matter, you are right, quite right. If yon won't let me help you in any way, you won't. It's only another disappointment in a life of disappointments. I must go, then, Mr Arbuthnot. But if at any time you should change your mind, come to me. I live in Mayfair, London." He walked out, and, without answering his farewell, I opened the door, and let him go in silence. This was my first interview with my Uncle Rupert. On the morrow Marian was married to Mr Holdern. It was a very quiet wedding down at the village church, but it went off very pleasantly, and Harian looked charm ing in her plain white satin gown and simple veil. As we were entering the church I had a great surprise. Sir Francis Devereux, in a black frock-coat, and with an orchid in his buttonhole, called me on one side for a moment, and asked for per mission to give away the bride. I would have preferred refusing such an unusual request--unusual, at any rate, as it would seem to those who knew us as Mr and Miss Arbuthnot-but he looked so much in earnest that I could not find it in my heart to hurt his feelings. So, in ignorance of wbat they were beholding, the villagers of Deverenu saw Sir Francis give his grand daughter away, whilst I, his grandson, stood a few yards behind. A woman once told me that she always felt inclined to cry at weddings and laugh at fnerals I can understand it. There is something in the former exquisitely, though covertly, pathetic; whilst in the latter case tears are so obviously the cor rect thing, that sometimes they absolutely refuse to come, I feel certain that the tears were not far from Sir Francis's eyes as he shook hands with us in the church yard. Perhaps they Lwere not far from mine. Thera were presents from nearly every one at the Court, and a sealed envelops from Sir Francis, which, when we opened it.contained a cheque for a thousand pounds. I had offered to make over to Marian half of my little income, but Mr Holdern was resolute.,and even peremptory, in his refusal. They woald-have a good dsal more money now than they could spend in their quiet country home, and eventually, feeling shat Holdern was sincere in his refusal, I had given way, Money would certainly be use. ful, nay, necessary, for me in carrying out the course of action on which I had declded. And so I kept It. One day longer I had to spend at Devereux, and a dreary day it was. All the morning 1 was busy balancing acconnts with the solicitor to the estate, and in the afternoon I finished my packing: In the evening, after dinner, I wrote a note to Sir Francials, bidding him farewell. He would understand, I said, why I did not come to him personally. An oath was not a thing to be broken, and I had sworn that over the threshold of Devereux Court I would not pass, save with my father. So I was compelled to write him Instead, but I did my best to make my letter as cordial and grateful as possible, and within an hour an answer came back, short and informal. "Farewell, Hugh, my boy. God bless you, wherever you may go, and remember always that though you may call yourself Hugh Arbuthnot, you are still a Devereux of Devereux, and this place is your home whenever you care to make it so.-Ever yours, "FRANcIS DEVEREUX." Through many lands and many years I carried with me that half-sheet of thick, heavily-crested notepaper. And yellow with age it reposes now in the secret drawer of my cabinet. I sent no farewell to Meand. It were better not. My Mand she could never be, though never another should take her place. Me she would soon forget; I was not vain enough to think otherwise for a moment. Only yesterday I had seen her riding with that ill-bred prig, Lord Annerley, the son of a lawyer peer, with all his father's innate vulgarity, an never a feather's weight of his brains. Let her have him if she would, him or any other--or let her lirt with him, lead him on by the beauty of her dazzling fair facsoe and the glances of her deep blue eyes. Let her lirt with him, and then throw him ever with a light laugh as very likely she would have done me. A fig for all women I An ounce of philosophy would weigh them all down in the scales of reason. But at twenty- four that ounce is hard to get I (To be Continued). 