FOOTLIGHTS AND FOOTNOTES. CURRENT SHOWS. Prini'CSK Theatre.—Brough ami Uouuicault (Notorious Ill's. Elihsmitli). Opera House.—llickards's Variety Show (Charles Godfrey). Alexandra Theatre.—JXin Barry's Co. (The Sixth Commandment). Cycloranro (Eastern Hill).—Battle of Gettysburg. "Unconventional" is the schoolboy critic's summing-up of a deep-dredging Irnth-distnrbing drama like Pinero's The Notorious Mrs. Kbbsmith Just as if the dramatic prospector, possessed of a fallow field, could pause to unnecessarily consider conventions in the ploughing of it! "Unconventional" is not the word For in theme and scheme the play is unhappily almost commou- placc. It is iu the tragic treatment, the blunt, brutal, truth-reaching force of it that its distinctive characteristic lies. Hero is a sex-tragedy analysed before the audience, aud shown up iu all candour as a picture of modern marriage, of civil : scd sex-relationships. To those of us who regard our neighbours as " horrible examples," and ourselves as "beautiful exceptions," it is a revelation—a revelation marking time to a revolution. The action is psychical mainly, free from incident iu the orthodox dramatic sense, not requiring any change of scene, and practically concerning only two persons. These, Agnes Kbbsmith and Lucas Cleeve, arc hold iu the throes of a sex- tragedy. She was the victim of a marriage in which her experience had not satisfied, but had horrified, her spiritual aspirations. He, the fancied martyr of a union in which lie got no sympathy—in hi* fiHtiKiKilHii. They met, aud mistook themselves for " kindred' souls;"' " affinities." etc. How far they were mistaken Pinero, with the ruthlcssness of a Schopeuhauer and tho subtle incisiveness of an Ibsen, pourtrays. '•Cleeve starts by idealising Agues, at her own iustigatipn. as the ,s;j>ou£c> Of his soul; descends by tho dictates 6f-^igJa|st&j;! regarding her as the more servant of his {flpuT filially would, under influence of ambitiou, EjjlQtfi.-tad the rest, agree to establishing her in "a suburbaii~ftQliifl^s his " kept woman." Against this fradatiou Me lipbels with all her soul until she dis- Cftcjfcis relatives, through their emissary, tile (jffiafeWioejy ul^e of St. Olpherts, are conspiring to take M/'evu IroiiijjiMy " Why.' she scornfully asks of the the Ciceves entrust their important work yj like you : " On the principle of set a thief "to catch a thief, I suppose," replies His Grace. "Set one sensualist, who, after all, doesn't take the trouble to deceive himself, to catch a sensualist who does.'' It becomes a fight between herself and tho Duke as to which shall have Cleeve. Taking up a previously rejected suggestion of her lover, she drops her dowdy dresses and assumes a smart decolletee costume. When she sees herself so adorned, she swoons; when she appears before the audience her aspect proclaims, with all the emphasis of suffering shame, the absolute indecency of the low-cut bodice. The duel between this debauchee Duke, with his "Duchess at a distance," and this morally undefilcd daughter of the people, with her high ideals, must take rauk as one of the finest pieces of modern dramatic writing. In the hands of Mrs. Brough and Mr. Boucicault it is also one of the most admirable pourtrayals and achievements of histrionic art ever presented upon an Australian stage. " She Trafalgar-squared me," wheezed the old wreck afterwards. " It was the same old tune, but I enjoyed the novelty of being so close to the instrument." " My sex has found me out," she groans when in the struggle to retain Cleeve she encourages the " return of the senses," and feels that she is in danger of "loving Lucas in the dreadful common way of women." Lucas Cleeve on his side is delighted at this apparently spontaneous change from austerity to voluptuousness. He had resented her "power of going through life with compressed lips." As the cynical Duke put it, " lie was beginning to find out that a dowdy demagogue was not the pleasantest kind of woman to live with ; " but now he takes her shrinking half-naked form in his arms with the exulting cry, " All, you love me—naturally."' " My marriage, the early days of my marriage all over again,*" she groans in agony, and tho realism of the situation recalls Ibsen's grim ghastly "Ghosts." Here is the tragedy of this woman's life. She had hoped that " her hour" would come to her in the midst of a political revolution ; it came, however, in tho shape of a mere woman's triumph over the selfishness of a vain sensualist. Her woman's life had opened iu a marriage with a satyr; " her hour " had come in a repetition in worse form of that bestial experience. Tho presence of Mrs. Thorpe (Miss Faber), who fights against her " respectable " promptings, and stands by Agnes as her friend, suggests the speculation as doubtless intended, "what if there had been clxildrenf" If Mrs. Ebbsmith had been a mother at any stage of her experiences, how would the presence or the memory of h child have affected her life r The answer is suggested by the painfully pathetic reminiscent pangs of Mrs. Thorpe, whose married life was identical in degradation with that of Agnes. With her the cherished memory of her baby barred the entrance of sexual passion. Readers of Ibsen will remember the agonies of the mother in Brand. These similar passages in the two plays are a striking parallel of conception. They have only to be compared to convince the sceptical of the transcendant influence worked by the Norwegian upon England's foremost dramatist. Nothing more Mephistophelian in its mockery of mar- riagc ciui he imagined than Die climax to the play. Ajrncs has left Cleevo. who, in his turn, has bccomc reconcilcd with his wife (Miss Sponp). IJut UK soon as lie rcalisos that "lie has lost the woman he would have defrraded. he desires her ag-aiu with uncontrollable intensity. He declares that he will not return to Eugland without her. Then conies the diabolic touch of the dramatist. Cleere's wife is made to approach her hushed'* mistress uiid beseech her to "exercise her inflnenoe over him" until the plans of the family arc completed. Has marriage, then, really come to this, that wives must cooperate with their husbands' mistresses r This is wiiat the dramatist suggests by his touch. Docs lie also mean to convey that monogamy is a myth ? Of the acting and general staging of tlie play, it is almost superfluous to say anything. The production, like everything presented under 13. and II. auspices, is superb. The burden of the piece is bom by Mrs. Hrough. Mr. Ward, Miss Faber, and Mr. Uoucicault. These artists fill their respective parts so perfectly that to single any one of them out would really lie a reflection on the artistic evenness of the whole performance. Mrs. Brough's excellent performance of such an extremely diflicuit part as that of Mrs. libbsniith distinctly emphasises the position she has gained as an actress of first rank. Mr. Ward's interpretation ol' Cleave, a veritable man of moods, is true to the character. It is not an easy part to be successful in. Mr. Ward is more than successful, inasmuch as. at the final curtain, the audience still retains some sympathy—slight, maybe—for the unloveable character whom he represents. The Duke of St. Olphcrts is a style of impersonation that Mr. Uoucicault has made his own. The old roiir'* forced admiration, at the finish, of Agnes Kbhsmith as a woman was finely developed. Miss Faber was happily cast in an amiable part, and rose to its strong passages with a reserved force that made her acting very ofl'ective..^JUiss'^jojig was not required to do much. I look folV'urd pearance in some performance that will gh r 6'us a (ur-fPm lier quality. Miss Watt Tanner, /Mi^s Hardy, Mr. Kcightley,"and the other members of JJip ewjSjitji^jllesI^ minor parts with accustomed sinootlnjeje^ ^" Some suggestive sentences:— ^"vlC " Doctors doii't admit thnt men can die of mise" rimfes, do they?" "One doesn't l>ejrin to I.Wu-iv all over o^in." " We've done with ma triage, we dislrusf it." "The Conservatives! The party that retimlfl, .preserves for, the rich, palters to the poor." " A man whom I judged from his air of leaden to^tliens to 1H? a British workman." .'. . v . :, \ "He must tie a uitw of small rosourre.-*—it is so easy to mock." "Talk tooue auother. Yes, o« children do when the lights are turned out—of everything hut what is uppermost in their v minds." " Those godly, HWIII things," "The flutter of lace, the purr of pretty women." " I wan hoi>elessly lowborn—I fainted involuntarily." "The man she loves is dead and gone—she oan moralise." At the Opera House crowded houses have been the rule ever since tho advent of Charles Godfrey, w hose delightful performances have nightly progressed in popularity. Any doubt that ever existed as to his ultimate success can be, even as early as this, altogether dispelled. It was a big change from ltickards to Godfrey— both artists are totally different in style—and it took a little time for tho public to find its palate. Now it cannot liavc too much of tho good tiling that old friend Harry has provided. Old Times Come Again remains the best of Godfrey's sougs up-to-date, though it is closely followed by " Such a Don, don't you Know." Both are in extremes of character and meet at the point of cxcellcuca. The tableaux. Balaclava, goes splendidly. But apart from the cleverness of tho whole idea, Mr. Godfrey naturally does not appear to such advantage in it as in tlioso character sketches upon which his fame is based and maintained. The other items in the programme have been well up to their nsual standard of excellence. Next -week Mr. Godfrey will form the first of a series of theatrical interviews which will from time to time appear in the CHAMPION. * * # The Sixth Commandment still goes on swimmingly at the Alexandra. It lias been surreptitiously visited by numbers of wild and tame curates and acolytes in disguise. They evidently expect Dan Barry to teach them a wrinkle or two. # # * Tho spoctacular and romantic drama, Tho Land of tho Moa, is to 1)0 staffed at tho Theatre Uoyal on Saturday, 29tli' instant. From its very pronounced success in Sydney there will lie no doubt but that it will .fill tho 1 ioyal with overflowing audiences during its stay in Melbourne. GAREICK. 