A Boating Accident, by ISIDORE Gr. ASCHER, Author of "A Real Ghost," " Voioes from the Hearth," &o.; add qubenbdand eiouts BESEBVED. I. On .Tubo 18. 187 — , tho following startling intelligence appeared in the Press : — "The body of a young, handsome man was yesterday washed -ashore bolow Kingston on tho Thames. Judging from his uppoaranoe, lie oonld not have been many hours in the water, and, therefore, conid be easily recog nised. There were marks of violence upon his porson, leading ono to suppose that in his struggles in the water he had either met with an auoident, or had been the viotim of foul play. The results of the coroner's inqnest are awaited with interest.',' In due course the usual coroner's inquest wus held, und the. following faots were elicited: — . The name of the drowned man was Stan- way.- His wife, an intimate friend oalled Hope, and tho deooased hired a boat at King ston for the purpose of a jaunt on the river, all of them being good swimmers and rowers. Thoy had proooodod as far as the weir at Hampton Court, when the boat aooidentally upset. No one knew the uautse of its having suddenly turned over. Mr. Hope saved him self una Mrs. Stairway. No one could tell what became of Mr. Stanway. Mr. Hops, in bis examination, could not say whether a knock from some substunca or object might not have paralysed Stairway's efforts to save himself. His sole anxiety was to resoue Mrs. Stnnwuy and himself. These wore the bare faots of the case as revealed by the coroncr'a inquest, and tho verdict waewhat everyone expeuted — namely, death by misadventure. A month after this aooident, to their friends' surprise, Mrs. Stanway beoarae Mra. Hope. II. Hope was a friend of mine, and , in the oapuuity of the legal udviser, I wutolied the oaae at the'inqnest. After his marriage with Mrs. Stanway I used to visit them. But in none ef our conversations was the boating accident ever mentioned by either of them. I must say, however, that its unvarnished facts, as I heard them, hardly explained the ounse of the ucoident. Tlioro was a mystery about them whioh even my legal mind, accustomed to unravel knotty questions, could not solve. I did not suspect foul play, and yet I was certain the whole truth liad not been elioited at the inquest. But more pressing matters banished tlio inoidont from ray mind, until I hud almost forgotten all about it, when I received a letter from Hopo, unking me to oome and see him on business. The letter reoalled the accident, .whieh I imagined my visit would clear. The sequel proved my surmise to he ooiTect. Hope informed me of his intention to absent hinisolf from England for several years, and gave mo instructions about his will. Ho also left all his private papers with me for safety, and amongut them were the two uotuul iiooounte of the mysterious death of Stanway, related by Hopo and his wife. Ae all the gators in tho drama have long since " shuffled off this mortal ooil," I have no hesitation in publishing these faots, the nameB of the aotore in them, of eourse, being ahnnged. HI. Mns. Stanway's Narrative. I -vrish to indite the dotual faots that lead np to the unfortunate incident of June 18, 187 — . My father, - a younger son of a wealthy country squire, married against his parents' consent. Being a mun of uncertain purpose, he could not push his way in the world. He failed in all his undertakings, and relieved his disappointments with a common punaoeu for barren activities— drink. In time liis mind became unhinged — and, well— I must write it — ho died in a mad house. My mother, a frail, delicate woinun, then leant on me for support. Her husband was a brolcon reed ; hut 1 had endurance and physical strength, and I worked to maintain our home. My parents had not tho moans to oducuto me. I lmd no exoeptional talent, but I had a natural aptitude for designing bonnets and dresses ; ' und this aptitude enabled me to praoure a situation in a show room of u large drapery establishment. The hours were long and the work inoessant, and there were no interludes of recreation in my joyless life. But it was not easy for a girl m my.position to .find employment in an overgrown city of struggling humanity, and so I toiled on and mode "the best oi it. There wore men in the establishment attraoted by my looks who wanted to be friendly, ana two of them in receipt of good snlaries usked me to marry thorn, but I refused tliem. Secretly I spurned them. Wus I not the granddaughter of gentlefolks ? And if I could not wed a gontlonum I resolved to remain singlo. I mention this in order to throw a light upon what is to follow. After a time, my mother died, and a was left alone in tlio world. Then a piece of good fartuno happened to me. Tho douth of my father's eldest brother without heirs pluoed mo in possession of a fortune. Afterwards, I mot two men, destined to influenoe my life, John Stanway and Bertram Hope — and both of them in turn, asked my hand in marriage, I refused Hope, becauso he was in business, pay position . as u wealthy woman having in<- tonsiflod my dislike for peoyilo in trade -and I accepted Stanway because he was a gentle man, and, as I afterwards discovered, a drone ; but un Oxford man with a degree, expectations, and no available means. There is no occasion for a woman in a narrative of this kind to botray hor secret feelings, I will not state here which of the men at the time I loved the best. I only know that now I would aacr! fk-e everything I have in the world for the man whose honoured name I bear, tho upright man, whoso love is a recompense for my un happy past. Te give everyone his due, as far as appear ance went, Stanway was a prepossessing person, yonng, with a dobomiairo mannor about him, regular features, und long, silken mouetaohes covering a mouth over whioh a perpetual smile always played, and — tor it was this that fed my vanity — ho was a per fect gentleman. Wo had a serious quarrel soon after our marriage. Money was the cause of it, like it is of almost every quarrel. I had given him large amounts and he hud never accounted for their expenditure, und I refused to let him have any more for the present. He left me angry. However, next day, having particularly paid me many minute, thoughtful attentions, whioh when a woman does not exact, she is always glad to receive from her huaband, I actually, porhops unwisely, gave him tlio money he asked for. Gradually his requests became commands, until one day I firmly refused them. Then I twitted him with his idloness, told him to earn money and and not altogether to dopond on mo, and from that moment he never asked me again. I now come to the fatal 18th day of June. We had often tukeu pleasant excursions on tlio Thames, and as it was inviting .weather, warm, but not hot, with the lightest of westerly breezos, I asked Hope, who always received a friendly weleome at hume, to accompany us. I steered; Mr. Hope rowed with sculls, and Mr. Stanway pleading a headaohe as un . oxouse, did nothing but loll in the boat. As it was a week day, there were very few boats about. As we were Hearing the weir our boat shook and swerved from side to side. Looking at my husband, to my horror I perceived that lie wus purposely causing its movement. Hope shouted to him " What are yon doing. You'll upset us." And for a few moments he desisted, but only for a few moments, when ho again tried to upsotus. It was now my turn to get angry and frightened. " Have you taken leave of your Bonsos? You'll drown us," I wildly exolaimed. These words had hardly escaped me when the boat again rocked, careered, and upset. I heard the water gurgle and rush and hiss, I know I was sinking in its depths, but with a swimmer's instinct I held my breath, eaine to tlio surface, and struck out. ' But I could not swim, for it seemed as if some invisible Sower was clutching me and pressing me own. In vain I tried to break away ; in vain I tried to unfasten the coils that orushed me. At lust I made one desperate effort; then suddenly it grew dark and I lost con sciousness until I found myself in tho arms of the one who had saved my life, and who will now continue the thread of my story. The Nabbative or Bbbtrak Hope: When tho boat upset and I found my self struggling in the water my first thought was to save tho woman I had always loved. I knew she could swiin, but a woman's strength soon gets exhausted. She had come to the surface, and with two strokes I approached her. But judge of my horror when I saw her husband deliberately trying to prevent her from swimming, pressing her with ail his might in the water. In a moment he would huvo succeeded in his diubolioal purpose; already her strength wus failing ler. In a second I resolved how to aot. She must be saved at all huzards, and suiting ray thoughts to my uotion, with terrific force and precision I struck tho wretch, who relaxed his hold and sunk, my blow having imme diately stunned him. And there was just time for me to grasp Mrs. Stanway, now uncon scious, and bring her safely to shore. I do not regret sending the would-be mur derer to his lust account. If ever a wretch desorred his fate, he was that wretch. It was evident that the knowledge of his wife having made a will in his favour drove him to kill her in order to possess her money. \- And the ounning was exereised in this in- stanoe to make his wife's death seem the re sult of an accidt. In thsl course of further inquiry I ascer tained that his former wife, from whom he also inherited a fortune, had died mysteriously. This man, then, steoped in guilt, was a pro-- fligate, a gambler, and a murderer, with the ' manners, education, and guise of a gentleman. I have nothing mere to add beyond re marking that the woman I saved from drowning — the one whom all my life I have loved—hits proved the best and truest of wives. I may also note that as I had sucoeeded in business beyond my expectations I would not toueh a farthing of her money, and before I married I insisted that it should be entirely settled on herself. These two narratives, then, are the truo acucuuts of this " boating accident." 