SANITATION. Co\stI>K R T vrION of the causes which j ! lead up to typhoid or other fevers is a j subject that possesses, just at the present season, special interest to residents of Menzies. The reason, of this, as is I well-known, is that at this time of the j vear the fevers—typhoid and malarial j —which aillict this locality generally | begin to make themselves apparent. It | must be admitted that creditable efforts have been math 1 in Menzies, both publicly and privately, to combat these maladies, yet much remains to be done, That efforts should be persisted in with that obieet in view is essential, owing to the fact- of these fevers, especially tvphoid, being absolutely preventable, The most eminent medical authorities on the subject, rigidly adhere to that. They presistently say that these destructive fevers may be prevented far more easily than the more common and less dreaded ailments to which human flesh is heir. One of the best authorities on the subject is Dr. Hayward, health officer of Haydock, Lancashire, in England. He has rccontly made close scientific investigation into the matter and unhesitatingly declares thatmot only is fever preventable, but also states the precise means by which it may be prevented. Some of bis remarks really would I appear to have been written as if, at | the time, he had in his mind's eye the j conditions of life on the West Austra- | lian goldtields. He ayers " Typhoid is j a preventable disease. It is a disease of I filth, and especially of the filth of human excrement." He says that that I. , , , , i m .„ j 1, to be taken as the beginning of know- I i ledge, the A 1> C of typhoid prevention, i i bv the unscientific. The next step 1 is j i " : I equally easy. Typhoid if? a disease of I I bacilli, tvphoid baecilli : and the bacilli | „ . . . , , i i we find in human excrement, and < drinking water folded by such excrement. ! It- is probable. he says, that no man or woman ever takes typhoid except by swallowing some typhoid bacilli. They mnv be swallowed, in drinking water, or they may be Hying about in the air in the neighbourhood of typhoid excroment, and may be swallowed with mout.hfuls of air. " What thou," asks Dr. Wayward, "is the lirst auu liist commandment of typhoid prevention ? Cleanliness; personal and pablic eleanlineis. It is all there. | If we keep ourselves clean ; [ it' we keep oar drinking water clean ; ! j it we keep our closets, and our drains, j our kitchens, sculleries, gardens, streets, j and towns entirely clean, typhoid will • he practically as great a stranger to most of us as is the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of the extinct Deinothenum." These are words of wisdom spoken hy a wise man, and they should be vrell and carefully weighed hy all residents of this town and district. As already indicated, the words of Dr. llayward, notwithstanding that they were spoken in England, apply with singular appropriateness to these goldfields. In the past there luio been great neglect here as regards both public and private cleanliness. Although there were hundreds of people on this field about the time that the last fever season was approaching, there was but little closet, accommodation ; the eonsequence was that refuse was deposited at haphazard all over the place. As this . • i dried, the strong Wind® carritd particles hither and thither, polluting drinking water, food, and everything else. (Tider such circumstances it is small wonder that nearly To per cent, of the then population went down before the fever demon. These atoms of ilth, as well as those from horses and amels, it should be borne in mind are carried about in the clouds of dust with which Menzies is plagued, and find lodgment on roofs, in spouting, and in every kind of recess. Then when rain comes, anil tanks are gushing with ample supply of what looks like lifegiving liquid, it is simply death-dealing poison, no matter how clean or clear it may appear, because the tilth that had • been raised, on to the roofs by the •wind had been washed into the tanks. an As already remarked, creditable efforts have been made latterly, the authorities and private to overcome the both by individuals, excrement danger, but, a good deal still remains to be accomplished in that direction. If there had been any hesitancy on this head before it should now be removed in face of the cmphatic utterance just quoted by one who lias made a study of the subject. Wo think that the act of depositing v F refuse indiscriminately in the-' districts subject to fever epidemics should be made x misdemeanor, to be heavily punished by line at the police court. Dysenteric complaints are also duo to carelessness, similar to that already spoken of. Were it an absolute rule for refuse to be immediately covered i with a few inches of earth, dysentery and diarheea would be unknown illnesses amongst the human race. Ho say medi- j cal experts. Wo would now, in con- j elusion, urge, upon everybody residing in i this district to do their utmost in exer- j eising neccsssary precautious during the j summer that is now coming, and so | endeavor to keep down the virulence of J the fever epidemics to which the West j Australian goldlields are subject. 