SPORTING. ISy ' Mascottk. St. Valentmos Day. '' A very cxcitini; racu came off at Whitton on Saturday over tlie sticks between Sir. Andrew Sherrard's liorao llcrotic and Mr. Andy Mclnnes Eggbert for £30 usirte, two miles, over eight hurdles. Eggbert carried 1Q.7 and Heretic 10st. TTie match wns made aflor the result of tlie Hurdle raco at Darlington Point last raec meeting, when Eggbert beat Heretic there. It was a splendid race on Saturday, both horses jumping well. When entering the straight ilorctio led Eggberi homo a length mid u half to the good, Eggbert finishing very lame. Time, 4 mill. 15 see. A week prior to the race Eggbert got a terrible fall whil\ ? being schooled over the jumps and hurt his chest very badly, the jockoy Evans, escap ing with few bruises. Quite a largo ijiithor iug of people turned up to witness this groat evont, most of them coming from Darling ton Point, whero Ilerctio belongs, und his win wus received with great excitement. A maiden buck race was run off after tlie hurdle race. Thorc were eight starters tit 5s each, the winner being W. Honey's brown horse Banker. ? A cricket match was played on tho 8th instant' between teams representing JJoo rooban and Quondong, which resulted iu u win for the latter by 18 runs. A thunder storm, which had been threatening all day, prevented the completion of the .game, which was otherwise a very enjoyable one. Quomlom: batted first for liD, their disposal being muinly due to the excellent bowline of H. Porter. Boorooruan replied with 57, li. Lock wood taking 10 wickctB for 15 runs. Quondmig had scored 70 for 0 wickets in their second innings when rain prevented further play, the not out, men being II. Lockwood 31 and Aliern 10. ForBooroor ban J. Sexton scored 19 and H. Porlor 11, while B. Lockwood '(18) and H. Lockwood (lfl)'wcre tho principal scorers for Quondong. Many thanks are duo to tho young ladies who were present, for tho excellent manner in. which they carried out the lunch arrange incuts, und it is iniicli to bo regretted that, owing to tho .wet and dispirited condition of everybody, they wcro noV accorded tho cheers tliey so well deserved. A mutch is being arranged between Quondong and Hay, yrhicli, if it comes off, should be a very exciting go. A popular sporting jeliu who drives be tween here and Gunbar backed Collarette and Scotch' Lassio in the double tor the Why and Wheroforo Handicaps lit War wick Fnnn last Saturday. Had this artistic knight of tho ribbons been a little wore 'aminMc,' he might have ' collared tho 'Scotch Lassie' as well as the bullion. ' Augur's Ghost' in.tlie Narandera dryus says ;'-I see a pony and trotting elub has been formed ..in Hay.: My advice to them is:— 1. Sijuure measurement (no spread al lowed) j 'X An .independent liundicapper ; ? No member of, tlie committee to own or have an, interest in my pony, or bet on any lace j 4. Committeemen to keep their eyos open und. watch for 'dead 'uns' and deal with them stringently. It is well known that pony racing; is looked on with sus picion ; while trots are always considered a 'one-horse race,: but how the ' shandygaff' affair will take I cannot say. If tho JI;iy folk carry out the above instructions, they will, at all events have good racing. Why not add a bicyclo raco or two to the pro gramme ; tliey always rim dead square '! . [Probably, if 'made to order.'— Sp. Ed. ll.G .] Teddy Keys won the double at Coota lnundra with Elton. . Hiram' won the Hurdles, and Early Morn annexed tho Fare well Handicap. The secretary informs mo that lie has re ceived a communication from the secretary of the New South Wnlcs Associated Clubs, stating that the registration of the H;iy Pony and Galloway Club under that body has been duly attended to. 'J'he Hobart Cup was won by J. Tait's Lena, Mischief second, Mountaineer third. Tho mighty O'Hunlon— whom sonic cranks said was done— has hoisted tlio first century of the season, and might probably make another. Good boy, Bill. Aqua l'ura Brass Band, strike up 'The Hooli gans.' There's life in the old dog yet. JTho evergreen Jiin Pollard ably seconded his captain's efforts by contributing 87. 