SPORTING NOTES. [By Tahquin.] From a financial point of view the Birthday Meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club must have been gratifying in the extreme. The totalizator investments were the heaviest on record, while the gate receipts were consi derably in excess of those recei ved at the same fixture twelve months ago. When we coine to think seriously the wonder is where did the £50,000 for the machine come from. For the Onkaparinga, 3. A.J.C., and A.R.C. Meetings no less than £110,000 has been put through the totalizator, and yet there are to be found owners and others who still maintain that this form of. betting is not essential to the interests of the sport With those holding that opinion the matter is really not worth discussing. "Where would horsaracing be in South Australia to-day without the machine? I know that this is a question that* has been asked and answered again and again of late, but it cannot be submitted too often to convince the opponents of the totalizator that they are knocking their heads up agiinst a stone wall in persistently objecting to it. It has been said that the commission taken by the. clubs is too heavy, but the e tmplniuts in this direction have been very few, and after all who is there to grumble? The owners receive increased stakes, while the public derive a direct benefit in the shape of extra accommodation, improvements, Ac., all of which tend to make ■ the sport more enjoyable, as well as assisting to pifl/-e,ir, on a firmer footing. The Committee of the A.Il.O. have already made the Old Adelaide Race course one of the best courses in Aus tralia, and they promise that at no distant date they will incur addi tional expenditure in the interests of their patrons. Mr. llcseltine and his staff never worked harder than they did this autumn, and they have the satisfaction of knowing that their efforts were duly appreciated. The two leading clubs are indeed fortunate in pos sessing two gentlemen r-uch as Messrs. Whitingeon and llcseltine for their respective Secretaries. . The' racing -on -.Saturday, did' not suffer, in comparison with thatwith . which we were favoured on the opening two'days. On the contrary the interest 'in it appeared' to be ■ keenerl . The' club acted wisely in -fixing the last/ape'a quar ter of an hour* earlier, and we nj^y now take it for granted, that the' same time will be observed next year. ■. One of the greatest fights of the meeting was spoilt on the first Saturday through its being recorded in the . dark. The favourites in the Dis posal Stakes cut up' badly, and the moderate Fair Saxon won pretty comfortably at the finish from Germaine. Every one was-pleased to-see Mr. Pile's colours to the fore on Itaveloek in the Hurdle Race, but at the same time Floodbird ought un doubtedly to have scored. ' It was hard luck for Mr. .Ueuwick .that Barr, who, by-the-way, is a capable rider, should have been so confi dent. Floodbird has since been .purchased by an Adelaide racing, man, and he has .gone into George Andersons stable. Corncrake was Been'at his best on the first day. of the: S.jAJ.C. .meeting. In spite Of his'additional weight he should have done better on Satur- - day .had he been himself. Arctic was" very prominent for. a mile and a half, butSholto would be benefited by a spell. Mr. Ferry is very formidable again just now in the. jumping line, and it will not be long before . Wirrawa is. seen in the front. For a three-year- old lieper formed exceedingly well on Saturday. While I thought Foliage would win the Marryat ville Handicap I never dreamt he would have scored with such ridiculous ease.. He and Tinstream had everything beaten two furlongs from hoine, and he silenced the opposition of thoTurretfield mare in the. most pronounced manner. The way in which he left Tinstream - at the distance must have astonished Guinane, who, when he saw that he h ad no chance whatever of beating him, pulled the mare out of a place. One was not surprised at Foliage's success after his very prominent and consistent fun ning right through the two meetings, and Mr. Wigley no doubt wishes ii6w that Holmes had been on him in the City Handicap. To be only a head away from Homespun,- who in turn was only beaten by a neck by Mostyn, was auite-good enough form to warrant Foliage being backed for the Marryatville Handicap, and had* it not been for the Tin stream Commission be would not have paid .the dividend he did. Under 8 st. LI lb. Tin streani/ran a good mare, and, notwithstanding she has 9 st. 7 lb., she should win the Gawicr Cup in the company she will meet on Saturday. Thunderer stayed the mile all right, but no never had a chance with the winner, while Warpaint's performance under 10 st. 3 lb. was a very meritorious one. After his victory at Morpbettvillc the Steeplechase looked the best of good things for Banjo with 10 st. 9 lb., and on Friday night if there had been any money at 2 to I .offering it would have been snapped up. But the pubiic are funny creatures on a racecourse, and it only wants a well-circulated rumour to gain currency in favour of another candidate for them to tumble over each other to get on to it, in spite of the fact that its claims do not entitle it to support. Such was the case last Saturday. As soon as the course was reached it was reported that The Actress could not miss the Steeple chase, and the inevitable result was tint, hose who had come down for the- express purposo of backing Banjo invested on the chestnut mare. The horses, however, had not gone very far pn their jouruey before they must have repented their change of front, as The Actress was toiling along hopelessly beaten before half the distance had been traversed. Banjo won ail right, after an interesting fight with old Strike, but Sid Ferry had a little more up his sleeve, or else 1 am j much mistaken. By - the - way, Mr. Ferry is not represented in the V.lt.C. Grand National jumping double, as was generally expected ho would have been. He went to the S.A.J.C. Office to nominate Simulator and Banjo, but found that Mr. Whitington was not authorized to receive entries. He then telegraphed to Melbourne, but evidently ho was too late. The aristocratic English punter who has followed the scarlet jacket and black cap since Mor phottville must have had a pretty good time, and rumour has it that Mr, Ferry has partici pated in the proceeds of the boodle. Both owner and backer deserved their success, as less than 10 to 1 was a short price to accept about Simulator and Banjo when the former's chance in the Hurdle Race did not look any too rosy on paper. I understand that Mr. Ferry was offered a tempting price for Banjo before the Steeplechase, but he refused it. By the-by, a Steward was posted at'each fence in Saturday's race. Though Confidence will never again be the Confidence of old, lie ought to place another steeplechase to the credit of Mr. Pile before he is allowed to leave the turf, while YVilpena, up to two miles and a half, shaped as well as anything. After his display in the Birthday Cup,#oiic could not holp_ picking Lord Grenville far the A.R.C. Handicap, but either Hickey did not handle him with judgment, or else the horse found the pace too warm for him. The latter will probauly be found to be the moro correct solution of the matter, as the full distance was traversed in 3 min. S sec., and the last mile and a half in 2 min. 37i sec. 'When it is men tioned that the fastest time for a mile and three quarters in Australia is 3 min. 3 see., some idea will he gained of the rate at which Trentham made play, and at which The Merry Boy and Acton came home when he failed. A dividend o( £!) 4s. was what the supporters of The Merry Boy received, and Mr. Cook's success was as popular as any achieved by the visiting 'contingent. The owner of The Harvester, though a bitter opponent to the totalizator, has of late paid us a visit regularly in the autumn, and no one is moro welcome than he. He is the best of company, and you can never heat hiin in an argument, tie is always right, no matter what evidence is submitted to the contrary. He says if tho newspapers would only publish his letters in full without any footnotes lie awitihl coino out on top, hut then they wbu't always do so. Brok'-n Hill quite failed to run up to his gallop on the tra-k, bat Narikara finished a good fourth, w!u:-!i is saying something in his favoii'- considering the time. The 1'jse Park Handicap was virtually won by Komi from start to finish, young Morris m keeping him hard at it all the way and just .staying home. Another few yawls, however, pud Carlton would havelii shed past him. As it was it was lucky for hackers of the Knglish-bred colt that Carlton did not get clear earlier. The run that he ma le was one of the most bril liant ever witnessed on a racecourse, and Holmes felt confident that1 he was second.^ The younger Power, on Marryatville," was equally sure that he was placed, and thus it can be seen Mr. Barker bad a very difficult finish to settle. From the Press box I should have placed thorn diffe rently, but that is very different to being in tho .1 edge's box. and after all I would sooner back Mr. Barker to be correct tban any of the lads riding or any onlookers. The close and exciting fiuishes reflected great credit on tho Ifandicapper. Wlrm the weights are first issued .Mr. Hughes is about the worst abused man in spvting circles, but his productions generally ensure large 'fields and capital racing, lint) what, more can a handicapper do? Ho certainly can't please every one. • The ball will be kept rolling on Saturday, when the Gawler Jockey Club hold their winter meeting. _ Excellent acceptances were received by Mr. Buckingham on Wednesday evening,.and.thja.special trains which are tone run from Adelaide to 'Gawler are sure to be packed." The pfogramme'will be.opened with the Hurdle Race, and fourwut of the nine' have clfinces. Benecia Boy has 14 lb. more to carry than when he ran second to Corncrake at Mqrphettville, and taking a. line through Corncrake's latest performances his prospects do not appear too rosy. Nevertheless' he will be there or thereabouts. - Arctic has been penalised 7 >lb. on what lie had in. the A;R.C. Second Hurdle Race, but the distance will suit him better, and whatever'beats him i will win. Gipsy Queen aud Encounter will both have friends, but with an adyantageof 13 lb. in her favour the mare should turn the tables upon the northern gelding. Baccarat will, however, beat the pair if she runs as well as she did in the A.R.C. First Hurdle R Race. The places should be filled by Arctic, Benecia Boy, and Baccarat, and tlicy may run as named. ;'1 In the Flying Handicap' of six furlongs, Pitchery looks like winning from Alveary and Fortunate. Cataract has been jumped 21 lb. for winning the Selling Steeplechase on the Old Course, but he scored so easily that per haps it is not too much. Confidence has gone up 7 lb. and Mailboy 4 lb., and of the pair the grey is to be preferred. Satisfactory reports are to hand of The Ghost, who hails from Brolccu Hill, and who rau third to Wallace and The Count in the Hurdle Race there on New Year's Day, but I would sooner rely upon Reckless, who may be benefited by the reverse going. Juliet, Young Lucifer, Paraell, and Sir George help to make, up the field, but Confidence may win-from Reckless and Cata ract. With all her weight 1 like Tinslream in the Gawler Cup, with Nackara and Pitchery ah her most dangerous opponents, while D&nby; daft: ought to win the. Trial Stakes from Ger maine. The day's sport will he concluded with the Evanstpn' Handicap, which may fall to Fortunate, or Beruice, with Rosedale as the next best. The excitement at Epsom Downs on Wed nesday must have been intense when Persim mon, _ owned by the Prince of Wales, won the English Derby. The cable announces that a hurricane of-cheers greeted the Prince, whidi lasted for a quarter of an hour. The Nonconformists may have been shocked, but right through England the victory of His Royal Highness will J[>ave been received with the greatest enthusiasm. For the Blue Ribband to have fallen first to the Prime Minister of England and then to the Heir - Apparent to the Throne is unparalleled in the annals of the turf, and will do more to maintain the strongest interest in it than anything else that i could possibly have occurred. -Until twelve months ago. tlie horses raced by the Prince of Wales were not of the highest order—in fact, they may have been described as very mode rate, but last year Persimmon and Florissel Tl. brought him into prominence. Thanks mainly to tins pair ho won in stakes some £8,000 odd, and now he hardly seems to bp able to go wrpng. Last month ho followed up'his suceesses.by appropriating his first classic race in-the One Thousand Guinea Stakes, which fell to his lot "through the agency of his filly Thais. Now the cable announces that he has annexed the .Derby with Persimmon, a .bay colt by. the famous .St., Simon, from Perdita 11. The struggle must have bepn a grand one between the pair as tlicy drew out from their opponents at the distance and fonght out" a bitter finish, Persimmon only gaining the .l edge's verdict by a neck. St. Frus qu,in would appear to have been somewhat un lucky, as. Loates, his rider, broke his stirrup leather in the final set-to. Record time "was made for the race, the mile and a half being cut out in 2 uiin. 42 sec., or a second quicker than Isinglass and others are credited with having traversed it. -As a two-year-old Persimmon, who is a brother to Florizel II., won the Coventry Stakes at Ascot and the Richmond Stakes at Goodwood, while he ran third to St. Frusquin in the Middle Park' Plate, j On the last-named occasion, however, it was considered by many that the running in regard | to St. Frusquin and Persimmon was not quito correct. The Prince of Wales's colt had been ! coughing for somo days before the race, and it was thought that he had hardly met his opponents on even terms. In terest was then attached to what under ordi nary circumstances would have been his next encounter of note with St. Frusquin in the Two Thousand Guineas, but to the disappoint- I ment of all lie was voted not to be forward enough, and ho was withdrawn from that race more tliun a week before. It was deemed wiser to reserve him for the Derby rather than run him there. IIo has all along been fancied for the big event decided on Wednesday, and for some time past lias ranked as second favourite. St. Frusquin, who started at odds on, was the best two-year-old of 18!lo, and bo gave every promise of winning tlu; Derby through scoring in the Two Thousand Guineas at the end of April. It may he mentioned that St. Frusquin was the first St. Simon colt to win a "classic" race. Among the races he annexed as a two-year-old were the Royal Two-vcar-old Plate at Kempton Park, the Sandringharn Gold Cup at Saudowu Park, tho Newmarket Chesterfield Stakes, the Middle Park Plate, and the Dewhurst Plate at New market. lie sustained his only defeat in the Imperial Produce Stakes at Kempton Park, j when he failed to present 12 lb. to Teufel, and ! was defeated by half a length. In the Middle Park Plate lie won cleverly from Omladina, with Persimmon a bad third. This season ho made a successful first appearance in the Column Produce Stakes at the Newmarket Graven Meeting, having nothing much to beat, i Earwig, who finished third, ran second at the ' end of April to Mr. Rothschild's uoit Giili.slr.n | in the, Hastings Plate. Aii advertisement in tins week's (Hwrrrr noImcx that entries for tlx* O.uilrifld (J;y,»d National Hurdle Race and Stc•iiii.Hiaxy nr.' dm nu Mmidi.v, .limn 1nt 4 u.::i. Th<; Hurdle Tacois iViirl li i) Ips n s. and ril-idt •■■);]<■ ft'ia in is(i..s. <if which c"ii.i v.i.iii gets 1.(>■)') so vs. Mr1. Whit in {ton will re-wive th; Adelaide nominations. Mcssr-.. Barker it rro >rt ha. ing sold the. hay yearling gelding by Th • fin {ash man !"rn li Speech to a patron of <J. Pom's stable. On account <>f Mr. S A. White lh« s.eno iirrii have disposed o; i logout. !,'os >u;>, a'ild two yearlings by Clonard from Footprint and Gaysoin respectively to a pat ion oF i i. Lawsoif:; stable. 'Fhc weights for the S. A. J.O. Accession Mooting will bo declared by Mr. Hughes on Monday. The Port Augusta Racing Club intend making their July meeting one of the most successful ever held. The committee have relaid two-thirds of the track, making the running exceptionally good, and have provided additional improvements for the accommoda tion of the public. It is expected that the starting-machine will be used. Noniinations for the ineetiug close on June ]fi. Tiie entries received by hi r. Wellington on Mondav for the 9. A. J.0. Winter Meeting are The. total number for the < lozen events was 107, or 20 more than was I obtained for the same fixture last year. ..There ! is an increase -in each race with the exoeption of the Disposal Stakes.the IJurdle Baoo having filled with 20, the Accession Handicap with 18, and the FarewelT Handicap with 28. ' The weights will be issued on Monday .next, .. ' The- South Australian horses nominated in Adelaide for the Melbourne. Cup were:— Miraclum, Thunder. Queen; Lord Grenville, Destiny, Tlie Hector, HortonsiuB, Duke ot : Richmond, and Concussion. . , ■ The entries for the S.A.J.C. young events which closed on Monday show a most gratify ing increase on the number received twelve months ago. The Morpliettville Plate, to be fcnis decided this year, closed with sixteen, the S. A. Stakes <1897) with forty, the S.A. Derby (1897) with twenty-eight, and the St. Legcr (1898) with thirty-seven. In the S.A. Stakes fourteen more were nominated than were last year, while the S.A. Derby and St. Legereach filled with ten extra. - The Adelaide entries for the Caulfield Cup included Lord Grenville, Destiny, The Rector, Miraclum, Thunder Queen, Hortensius, Duke of Richmond,' Viking, and. Concussion. Five youngsters owned by South Australians were nominated in Adelaide on Monday for the next V.lt'.C. Maribj-rnong Plate. They were Fleet Admiral, by Richmond, from Fobtstep; St. Winnoch, by Aldivalloch, from Haidee; Field Gun, by Zaliuski, from Benzene;. Respond, by Richmond, from Encore; and Selection, by Robinson Crusoe, from Tragedy. St. Winnoch appears as the nomination of Sir Thomas Elder. « The St. Albans colt Koran; who won the A.R.C. Rose Park Handicap on Saturday, paid a dividend of £23 18s. Ulva fell in the Rose Park Handicap soon after the start, and took part in the race rider • The two-year-old Huret, who ran third in the Royal Stakes and in the May Stakes at the recent Sydney Turf Club Meeting, won the Flying Handicap at Sydney Tattersall's Club Grand National Meeting on Saturday. Huret is by Granbrook from Xante, and is own6d by Mr. H. C. White. Hear Hear has gone into G eorge Anderson's stable. Trenton, Challenger, and Koran will be sent back to Geelong on Monday morning. The Petersburg Racing Club intend to hold a winter meeting on July 15. The club has considerably improved the course, and has let a contract for a grand stand, which will lie finished in time for the meeting. The Neckersgat gelding Catspaw, who has been nominated for tlio V.lt.C. Grand National Hurdle Race, has been schooled over the hurdles at Caulfield. Ho is reported to have jumped pretty well. Erl King, who has been sold to go to England, is to be put over the jumps in Victoria. The billowing stakes won at the recent Birthday Cup Meeting of the Adelaide Racing Club were paid over at the oilices of the Club on Monday Mr. T. K. liarr Smith—1st. Birthday Cup ... £050 Messrs, S. Perry <fc Sons—1st First Hurdles £200, 1st Steeple £025 525 Mr. K llarr Smith—1st City Handicap £325, 3rd I'arkside £10 335 Mr. W. R. Wilson—1st Trial £100, 2nd Welter £15, 1st Rose Park £120 ... 235 Mr. i>. .James—1st Adelaide Stakes £100, 1st Kensington Stakes £100 200 Mr. T. F. Wigley—3rd (lily Handicap £25,2nd Norwood £20, 1st Marryattville £120 ... 1G5 Mr. A. K. Herd—3rd First Hurdles £15, 1st •Second Hurdles £125 140 Mi-. T. Hales—1st Norwood £120, 3rd Rose Park £10 ... 130 Mr. S. f!. Cook—1st A.R.C. Handicap 150 Mr. A. Da vies—1st I'arkside Stakes 120 Mr, T.' Hope Murray—1st Selling Steeple £100, 3rd Second Hurdles £10 110 Mr. A. J. Porter—2nrt Iiirthday Cup £1011, 3rd A.U.C. Handicap £15 J15 Mr. J. Williams—1st Auction Stakes 100 Mr. T. Keily—1st Welter Handicap 100 Mr. C. Haimes—1st Disposal Stakes 100 Mr. J. 11. Gcbert—1st Selling Hurdles ... 100, Mr. W. A. Kenwick—2nd first Hurdles £35, 2nd Second Hurdles £15 50 Mr. Kii.lcllett—3rd'Birthday Cup 50 Mr. M. O'slianassy— 2nd City Handicap £50, 3rd Welter £5 55 Mr. H. l'urvis—3rd Norwood £10, 2ndMarryat ville £20, 2nd ltose Park £20 50 Mr. .1. Green—2nd Steeplechase 50 Mr. W. T. Jones—2nd A.It.C. Handicap ... 35 Mr. J. H. Ilill—2nd Adelaide Stakes 30 Mr. K Power—2nd Parkside Stakes £20, 3rd Marryatvillc £10 30 Mr. J. Pile—3rd Steeplechase 25 Mr. Joe Carr—2nd Kensington Stakes 20 air. F. A. 'i'cnnant— 2nd Trial Stakes 15 Mr. S. A. White—3rd Kensington Stakes ... 10 air. W. lllackler—3rd Adelaide Stakes ... 10 air. J. U. Pearce—3rd Trial Stakes 5 Grand total £3,770 The total amount invested in the totalizator during t-ho three days of the A.It.C. Meeting was £50,088, which is the record for the autumn fixtures. At the recent 8. A.J.0. Meeting £41,157 went through the machino. .- Nearly' the whole of the Victorian horses which wore running at our autumn meetings have been sent back to Melbourne. Messrs. T. Hales, E. Power, S. G. Cook, and W. Hickenbotham have also returned to Vic toria. The opening meeting of the Adelaide Hunt Club will take place oil Saturday at Netherhy. Members have been invited to luncheon by Mr. John Pile. Special passenger trains will be run on Saturday on the occasion of the Gawler Races. They will leave Adelaide at 10.10 a.m. and 10.30 a.m. for Gawler, returning at 5.35 p.m. and 5.57 p.m. Excursion tickets available by these trains only will be issued. Sir Michael has gone into Scobie's stable. Ho left with Dreamland and Acton for Bal larat on Monday. Hear Hear returned to T. Burn's stable after the Rose Park Handicap had been run on Saturday. The Ghost, a steeplechaser, and Eaglehavvk, who are engaged at the Gawler Meeting, have arrived at Gawler from the Barrier district. The Actress, who shaped so badly in the A. II.C. Steeplechase when well hacked, was sent home on Monday. Siia.idrick lias returned to Quoni with Iiride lo.id; and Dumps, There is a slight fal'ing-oflf in the entries for tli,i M .'limine- and Ca'illield Cups this year, there being 137 in the two-mile race as against 14:1 !;iit year, while tin; respective figures for the ('alillhilil Gup are I'M and 151. The nominations for the \ . A.T.O. futurity Stakes have, not come up to evp .'orations. The Argut, referring to the last-named events writes" The Caulfield people. have failed, to score & success with their Futurity Stakes; in short, as far as the entries are concerned, the * event is a frost. There appears to have been a combination amongst the breeders not to encourage a stake for which entries for foals are asked, and instead of the expected 300 nominations, thototal, foals and all, iB only 117\. As pointed put, the conditions are any thing'but liberal, eiidL though the prize which may bo won is a big one the event has hot been made attractive to owners in other, directions. For instance, the owners of now foals and yearlings have to pay 10 sovs each to see their weights, and tne owners of the older horses 15 sovs. each. The club will pro bably lose over tlieir First Futurity Stakes, and we are hardly likely to see entries asked for the 'Second Futurity' under the present conditions." . The following table will show the list of entries received by the V.R.C. for their prin cipal events during the past seven years:— Name of Race; 1890.189ri892!18931S941895;1896 Melbourne Cup ... 150; 164 Cliawpiou.Stakes.,. 03; 07 Maribyrnong Plate 87 94 "Criterion Handicap 58 75 Ascot Vale Stakes 93 90 Victoria Derby ... 117 117 Oaks Stakes ... 54 61 St. Degor Stakes ... 108, 100 Spring Stakes ... — | — Sires'ProiluceStakes 1371 133 135] 129, 1 5 149 i, i o 149 06 59, 68 60 S4 64 104 90 66 6G 65 63 83 70 96 95 V9 90 97 101 50 41 54 60 99 76 SOj 87 97 74 87! 92 130 — 09! 71 137 67 87 64 99 87 50 .77 71 51 * Previous to 1890 this race was known as the Normanby Stakes. Already an extensive double-event business has been transacted in Melbourne over the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups at 1,000 to 1. Aecordiug to a leading Victorian exchange a South Australian-owned horse is the strongest fancy for the Melbourne Cup. The two-year-old colt by Gang Forward from Paigle has been named Lord Brassey. Ho has been nominated for the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups. Seventy-four horses wore nominated for the Mooneo Valley Cup and Purse on Monday, as against sixty-one last year. The only South Australian entry is Thunder Queen. • The steeplechaser Larrikin, with whom the late Tom Corrigan was associated, has been purchased by Mr. \V. Glasscock. Larrikin is to be seiit to" India after the jumping season is concluded. Dcerfoot, who has been nominated for tho V.R.C. Grand National Steeplechase, was tried over the big sticks at Caulfield on Monday, and is reported to have,acquitted himself creditably. Amongst the entries for the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race aud Steeplechase is the name of Redlcap. Mr. Miller, however, is also represented in the Hurdle Race by Artist, Leslie, aud Preston, while he has Larnook, Dart, and Wheruside to choose from in the Steeplechase. Dungan has been nominated for both the Hurdle ltace and Steeplcchaso. ; The yearling gelding by Vengeance from Dunster has been named Vindictive. He has gone into W. Morrison's stable. Among the nominations fob the Toorak Handicap is the two-year-old sister to Maluma, who appears without a name. If Mr. Rcd fearn neglected to give the filly a name when nominating hor (as he seems to have done) she is not eligible to run, as the rule (writes the A r;pcs) states that no entry shall be accepted in respect of a horse over one year old unless such horse be described by name. A £3(5 stake, limited to 24 dogs, will be run in connection .with the Hoyleton Coursing Club on July 22 and 23. Nominations are duo with the Secretaries, Messrs. li. Langrehr and J. Waiichopc, on July 17. The draw will take place at the lloyleton llotel tho same evening. 