THE STORYTELLER. "MINE OWN MALTEE." Br A Melbourne Gibl. " There he land-rats and water-rats, watcr-thleves and land-thieves—I mean pirates—and then there is the peril of waters, winds and rocks. Tbe man is, not withstanding, sufficient." Of couree it is nice to have a beauty for a eister like Sybil (the elder of we two girls), but then it is one of those double-barrelled advantages to which there are generally drawbacks, for it necessitates being lived up to like the blue teapot, or the gift of a white elephant. Jim, my brother (who is studying for his final exam, at the Uni-; versity), says in his elangy way that " it isn't the game it'B cracked up to be." Nor is it. Mother adores her, and is her bond-Blave ; she worships the ground Sybil treads upon. I ulso am one of Sybil's vassals, but an unwill ing one. Sybil gets her own woy in everything. She informed us that she had accepted Thomas George Johnson, an elderly, adipose, gilded squatter from the backblocks —a right worthy soul, but vastly ugly. She said she thought that a quiet month by the seaside would be nice for us all. She meant that she had selected a husband in exactly the same way as she selects her bats—i.e., Blie carefully picks out what will suit her best and then refuses to look at any other. Sybil had no mind to see any more of the rest of her lovers, for her choice was made. So mother and I just bowed our beads and Baid, " Kismet." We left it all to her, and she decided upon Portarlington, and by letter she encaged a suite of furnished rooms in a perfectly-ap pointed villa, with use of plate, linen, piano, close to pier, close to beach, also near a plea sure garden, where there were shooting galleries ana swing-boats, as per advertise ment. Sybil laboured under the delusion that she was a good manager, so she insisted upon the packiug-up being left to herself alone. She was artistic, so we bad to submit to various diabolically-smelling paints and smeary palettes being packed amongst our clothes. Sybil explained that the artistic temperament was not orderly. We did not resist; we had learned to suffer and be strong, and we tried to fancy that her pointings were bearable, except the saffron-haired children with red smudgy mouths, looking bb if they had been eating raspberry jam. She settled the day we were to start by steamer. When we arrived at the wharf we were amazed to find the steamer packed with people, bunting Hying, and a brass band braying. " Nothing .Too Good for the Irish," at iis very loudest. "What is going oof" said I to a by stander. "Oh, it's the master butchers' picnic. They're takin' their lidy friends dahn the biy. They've chartered the steamer for the day ; ahtaiderscarntgo, mis?, and " I rushed to Sybil, for I was afraid we would not be able to go, and the whistles were gi\ ing vent to Bhrieks. Sybil was rather frightened, but she hur ried away, and came back triumphantly. She had Eubjugated the ticket-seller, who had Bold tickets to three "afatsiders." The master butchers were evidently op pleased by the demon of leatlessn^T^ Ihey perambulated incessantly. The'» '.J0* over our toes, and trbd upon the her™ or ^ fresh hoi land gowns till they made 2 on* but mother (peaceful, philosophical enni^3' she is) reminded us that are were interhl^181 to come at all. A yonng man stood oSiT, us, and tried to look nautical; He nnrert lovelorn way at Sybil, for he was the unhL4 gated man. whom Bhe had forgotten that he had served her purpose. He 2L5Z a Swiss cigar, and kept on lungine tnW.Su us with his hands filled, with "AlUlo^ Snapshot,'fland^oomio papers; till last Sybil took them from bim, and caimli turning to me said, " Mary, pay the boy fo? the papers.", I shall never forget the Z proachf nl eye of that young man as be turnwi away. We saw bun no more. u At length we arrived at Portarlington nier and sought the desirable villa close to ever? thing—as per advertisement. • • • • • i , Our knock at the door was answered "by a lady of Irish birth with a wide Bmile unon hP» face. " Ob,_ thm, it's Mrs. Bryon, is it ' Walk in. Shure iverything'a as note and as c'lane as a new whistle, so 'tis, and not a wurrud av a lie aither. I haven't told ye the name of me self yet. It's Missis Pierre Antoine.and " But I am sure you are Irish," said mother smiling. 1 "Oh thin I am, but (pointing her thumb over her shoulder) himselfsa Mai tee, a real dacent crathuretoo— " Father's French, mother; he isn't a Mai tee," said a light-haired girl of thirteen who had an array of steel curling pina screwed so very tightly that her eyes were drawn up at the cornets. " Oh, thin, Emma, French and Maltee shore they're all they re all the wan thing! Weil, Mrs. Bryon. * hope yea will like the place. . The young lady forgot to arringe for board in the lelther, hut I tell yez what I'll do the bit av oookin' for yez." We agreed, and entered onr sitting room. Mother said that as Maltese laces, and crosses, and cats were considered excellent things, she had no doabt- living in n Maltese household would be equally pleasant. We had the front pert of the house. It was a new, glaring, hot house, and we were a long way from the sea and pier. The rooms were beautifully clean, but every thing was vexatiously new. The hacks of the chairs were Rticky with varnish. We learnt afterwards that the furniture had had a great deal ot airing after the departure of the previous occupant, who was a typhoid convalescent. The knives were new, and the forks also, and they were kept in boxes wrapped up in flannel. It seemed desecra tion to touch.them. The chairs and sofa were unsympathetic, shiny, slippery, and set with horsehair bristles ; the chairs were hard, and their upright hacks a torture. There was a bright brass clock with a rasping tick-tack. Beside it on the mantelpiece were a family of pug-dogs upon green woollen mats. A card-basket stood upon the table, though there wasn't a soul within miles likely to call. Poor mother tried to get forty winks on a sofa. She slept, she started, she slipped, then she clutched the back, and then she sat up. " Dear, dear, what a dreadful sofa ; how uncomfortable! But, Mary, don't let us spoil dear Sybil's pleasure by our .complaints. Where is Sybil?" " Well, slieis busy hanging up her clothes. There are twenty pegs, and she has eeventcen already full. As tor me, it's lucky I'm not such a high" flyer as*SyL>ii, because I've di-.covered niegilph and turpentine on my gloves, Chinese white on my parasol and hot, and a hold da9h of burnt-sienna on my while serge. ^T^Tine up, mother, bo I left hir to Thftt bW" if " finish l»y hef£d Mary," eaid mother. "Neyer mind, wemftdeeffort8t0sleep, but jliglitcame, a pa to tbe BqUare ,noh m tberf W/re.han any I've met before or since, the bcd® lflh vern in evidence ; the cats and jjosquitoes we ^ of two roaB,e(j op dopi ,he verandah, and the Antoine Bnd down *hf .. . t their Maltese nursery SfefSU aP,eep ttt Inst Next luufts: xUf> cot up, breakfaeted, and pom"!?:, led us to the pier. Mother carried the" Sybil ®" ^ o{ ^urge. I bore the tbe Port'0]' 0 cauip-stoola, and kept off the ejBcl nndtw d q{ chi|dren who followed. Mattered airily in front, dressed in a Sybdu,fn v simple white nainsook gown that deMgh^"1 ft"1ZineaB, and a bewitching Bun badcf cgo„e guinea. She talked nflskylincB and foreshortomngs, and 'pleasuring off distances, holding a jtept men j with j,er iOVely eyes, one of pl"Ch she shut knowingly, while the long, ffblc »io«li rested on her pink oheek. curb eyelash resteo f thfi too, ?be^° hat way. a little to the right so this way, t get "the proper effect of the tlia/0f "and" a little back bo that the glaring wouldn't blind her eyes." Then she Seddown, with mother at her elbow to ob''yMaiy. do not fidget; yon diBturb me,' wi?rSifbfi'ometbing to read," Baid mother. Sft,e you read' The Australasian ? " It sup 1^0 mother with a week's reading always. 1 Yes completely ; well, even down to the •Boxing Notes.' I'm going back to the bouse, c in mvp a sigh of relief, and I strolled off. riwasappallingly dull in that villa. There was Sno I opened and tried it-Jingle, jangle, ;t vvaa monstrous. I banged the lid and went out to find Emma Antoine, with the l-L oi getting a book. " Can yon lend me a KkI asked. " I don't aee a vestige of one sb'°Yes," Bhe replied, darting into the b« Here is one I'll lend yon for a bit, bnt father and mother, and Billy and me, •nd the next-door lady are reading it in urns/; She produced "Shadowed by Tb'ffm no, thanks," said I; " it's more like 'Shadowed by Five,' Emma;besides I've read it. I'd like to go fishing. Can you get some one to take me?" "I'll get Billy; he'll take yon in fathers dingy. Billy, Billy," she cried. "Righto," came a voice that sounded as if thespeaker had plums in bis mouth, and Billy Antoine stood before me.with his hands thrust down to the extreme ends of his capaciouB pockets. He was a stout, red-headed hoy of ten; his blue eailor suit was perilously tight; even his round blue cap was a close fit. He had a cold in his head, and he was consuming peppermints, which he stowed in one cheek when he Baw me. " Good morn ing," said I. „ " Good bornin'," he rejoined. What s upr and he moved the peppermints .-to the other side. .. :.. .... " I want you, Billy, to (efike.tiie f6r a row, I want to go fishing.' " What'll yer give us;for /goid?7 withawink. '• " A shilling." I answered.'.' " Righto," said he," hand-ldPterdoWjTBik? Baiy." ' I did so, and in a few moments ~We"were in the dingy, a very cockle-shelly thing too. IsAtholdingalength of string baited with a bit of stale fish, the waves were rippling beautifully, and I was gazing around me when a sudden, sharp jerk was given to my line. " I've caught a fish. Ob, Billy make haste, there's a good hoy ; will you pleaee take it off for me?" "Gam," said he. " yer don't never land yer first fish, yer "don t. Chuck |id hack agen." Straightway the dingy began lurching and rocking, water came in and wet my feet. I looked behind me, we were now two hundred yards from the pier, and I was alarmed. " Billy," I shrieked, " don't, you naughty hoy; you are doing it purposely. Go back ; oh, go back." 'Dod be," said Billy, "yer ain't half got yer hob's worth yet," and he rocked in his seat anew. I was frightened. " Ob, Billy, Billy, you horrid little imp, take me back," 1 shrieked. "Oh, Joe, the boat is goid dover,"sang Billy. "That's ier [callid be dabes, Biss Smarty "). *" Oh, Joe, yer daughtybad," atae cried. '.Oh, Joe, ha—ha—ha.'" | ua—lua—ua, g " Stop, stop. Billy, for heaven's sake stop. Til give, oh, I'll give you anything to go back." || Giv us five shillids, will yer, eh f* . res, yes, of course I will. Oh, my dress IB bo wet!" " And yer won't tell on be; the old man's Pfri'y handy with a rope's ena." —n r!0' no> I won't breathe a word." •» Bow y'are talked sedse," he said. He rowed back, and soon I stood safe on shore, Billy going off, rattling his six shillings andjchuckling. How 1 yearned to box that imp Bears, and never, oh never, did I grudge bix silver shillings 80 much, or detest any liv »«>g boy hke that Billy Antoine. At the pier next morning Sybil lai g" b"8h and said, " I thinTi I should a figure into this picture, nice-looking fellow with a splendid < twneraan evidently, passed a little wb ne w over there sitting on that boat;1 Kduask bim, Mary, if he will sit I an hour a day ? He looks pictures) toJ' way to Hie boat, Sy jht, he was picturesque. HewaBdri ne linen Bhirt and trouaers, and he wasdken sash and a red fez. TheBl ™"c"e <,attly open at the throat away. tbat be *°°k my "pfw*1 tooming." said I. higM« i?lornmKt and he rose an brottt „ • wa®. about four and twen dark ®ri8py hair, brown monstaohf and din ft aquare-cornered fc ''n§ i^y sunburnt, I-er-^:'mo5nin*'".1 atammered, Kj^SPtofspeak to you." (Ad .hourevefVy0"11 li&eral;,y"yonwUI 'i^ut i d0a toyself 1 Very^ •1™.' ^IsmWea.^ 1 now,1* • *■ w out of employ ^murWeU,M f "how.mu row yon'1 *°0't ohftige *ou toO ^s®SSg at two every afternoon. Good afternoon. What is your name? Will yon tell me ?" " Felix." " Good afternoon, Mr. Felix." " Good afternoon, Miss " " Mary." I PVC 861(1 he. lifting his cap. 1 went back to my family. Jie .WeLnt ,home mother asked Mrs. i Antoine what she knew of Felix. "Sure no uuuu. mm j ne uvea on an ould yacht called the liluah Rose; it's all broke np very near; the sails and riggin' is all out o' gear; it's a regeler wreck. 1 think he's a Mai tee ; be spakes all sortB o' lan guages, and he does a dale o' fishing. He's a dacent young man, and has a good day for ivery wan about, and it '11 be a godsind to him to row the young ladies out." " My eldest daughter and I," said mother, " are not fond of sailing, so I wish to ask you if you would allow your little girl to go always with my daughter." Mrs. Antoine agreed, and at two next day we started. Emma took out her curling pins, and Bhe had on all her best clothes. The boat was small. Felix put fishing lines into our hands, and rapidly pulled us out from the pier. Taking a glance at him, I thought what a thousand pities he was] only a fisherman. Feeling a tug at my line, I drew it in. lovely fish," said I, exultantly. " Fair-sized tlathead, Miss Mary," answered Mr. Felix smiling. I felt vexed. I put down the line and trailed my hand through the water. 1 have a pretty little hand, and it looked quite pearly under the water. "I shouldn't do that, Miss Mary," said Mr. Felix. Why not?" said I, still rippling the water. "There are a good many sharks about, Miss Mary." 1 " Oh—li 1 how dreadful," and I drew it in quickly. " Thank you, Mr. Felix." I began singing Gounod's Berceuse. Felix listened attentively. " Thank you, Miss Mary." „ "J[ he«r you sing well, Mr. Felix." said I. Will you sing to us ? I love music on the water." ■ " ^,CS| M'ss Mary." Straightway lie began sing Gounod's " Medje" in French. A mellow, deep, voice had this fisherman. "Thank you so much,'* said I. "How well you sing, and what a nice French accent you have. Are you not from Malta?" He went scarlet under his sunburn. "I come of French people," he said. " Will you sing another song?" ' If you wish, Miss Mary," and he sang Out on the Deep." Just as we reached the pier his song stopped, and I rose to go, when my eye fell upon some books. I picked them np. One was Rossetti's poems, the other a volume of Raskin. That evening when I went home I was loud in praises of Mr. Felix. "Really, mother, I would like you to know him. He is a superior man, and I saw two hooks in his boat—his, I suppose—Rossetti's poemB and Raskin's ' Seven Lamps of Architecture.* What do you think of that? J* ^/Sybil sneered disdainfully. "The last pissenger left them in the boat," said she. / He has a lovely forehead and a beautiful voice too," I went on. " I don't suppose the last passenger left them behind." "Mat}', Mary," said mother, "don't argue. Sybil, dear, don't tease Mary. Did you find the young man civil ? " " As civil as an orange," said I. " Tell Mary, mother, not to mention our name to this boatman. One never knows who these people are." (Sybil cannot forgive Mr. Felix for not sitting for her.) " Oh, very well, " I replied, " I won't" We went out every day ; it came to he the only thing I cared about I found myself impatient for the time we should start, and spent a fearful time dressing myself, taking infinite pains in waving and coiling up my hair. 1 wore my freshest print frocks and f my pretty sunburnt straw hat with the wreath of scarlet poppies that Baited me beautifully, and my best shoes, that didn't feel half so pretty as they looked. Every day we stayed out till the sun was low. Mother and Sybil asked tue " how on earth I could be bothered going out in that everlasting dingy." The more I went the better I liked it and the better I liked Mr. Felix. Sometimes I used to catch him looking at me, and he would immediately-be busy baiting hooks. I had a feeling that, although I was nearly eighteen and a half, and a well-brought-up young person, I was I was beginning to like Mr. Felix and that Mr. Felix was beginning to like me, and that it would be a very 'good thing indeed if Fate should decree that these fishing excursions be stopped. But I was happy, and the world looked bright just then, so I went blindly on. One afternoon Mr. Felix and I were talking; Emma was asleep. We were drifting towards the sunset, heedless of time, when I looked up And saw that it was getting dark fast. "Oh 1" I gasped. " Mr. Felix, itis soiate; it will he dark before we get to the pier. M* uickly mother.will.be anxious." Oh, row an back." " You need, pot be frightened, Miss Mary. It's my fault ; I will take good care of you." Helooked&tme;, and my heart wentpit-a-p&t;, for I felt now that this man loved me; and, what was more, that I loved him, and that I was a fool for my pains. I began to cry. My bat fell off, and one of the poppies fell out Mr. Felix handed me my hat, and our hands tonched. " I'll never be allowed to come out in your boat again, Mr. Felix. I know I will not. What a pity it is so late I" Felix took np the poppy. " May I keep this, Miss Mary ?" be asked. " Yes, if you like, Mr. Felix," I answered. " Thank you, little Miss Mary," and be took my hand. I did not withdraw it, but I said " Please don't Mr. Felix." But he did. "Did yon ever think of the story of King Cophetua and the beggar maid ? Do you like that story ? Could you imagine that anyone conld so love one ao inferior to themselves in rank? Do you tbiufc love levels all ranks ?" " Yes," 1 Baid crying. " I do, Mr. Felix, but why do you ask me ?" " I.was thinking^little Miss Mary—you won't be angry with me if I eay •' Little Miss Mary could you " I began to cry. "Ma-ry. Ma-ry," called an agonised voioe from the pier, and I saw a figure standinsthere. Ae we touched the landing steps Sybil ad vanced with a tragic sir. " Mary," said she, " a fine nail you have put in your mother's ooffin this day." Iran npthe steps; Emma and Mr. Felix followed. *' Come home, Mary, at once; it's pori -* * »---:—"it +311 rt,;a "'uiiae uisiuc, ww,, , lively disgraceful of you staying out tilt "this hobr," said Sybil/ indignantly. " I don't blame the boatman a bit. Come, Emma," and she walked off. T staid where 1 was. . . j " Godd-night, Mr. Felix." " Good-night, little Miss Mary," ' ■-* ] Ipntoul my hand. He took both my! hands in hia one, and he looked straight in my eyes; it seemed to thrill me. "Good-night,.good-night." And I ran off after Sybil. I had a very bad quarter of an hour, and got a fine all-round Bcolding, First mother began, and then Sybil took up the running. " What wonld Thomas say ?" said Sybil. I retired to my room. Sybil and mother talked and talked till late next morning. Sybil bade me pack up, for we were going home that day; and as I wouldn't require any more boating, I was to leave a sovereign with Mrs. Antoine for the boatman. " It was a little too muob, of conrse, but people of that sort expected it." She really did not know what Thomas would say. "ThomaB can go to Hong Kong," I an swered. I packed my clothes recklessly, bade good bye to the Antoines, and we were soon on board the Bteamer. " Oh, I've forgotten my spectacles," wailed poor mother. " Bun, Mary, run back and get them." I went back and found Mrs. Antoine in tears. " What is the matter,"said I;" wby are you crying 1" " That's the worrst of lettin' rooms, Miss Mary ; they comes and they goes, and ye misses them ioike, so ye do." " Are you so sorry after ub, then ?'' " I am that," said Mrs. Antoine. " Oh, Miss Mary, that chap Felix came to see your mother, lie turned aB white as a ghost when I tould him yez had gone. And whin I gave him the sovereign, ne Baid—' Give it*to the children and '" Shriek went the steamer's warning whistle, and I bad to mBh my hardest to he in time. The last thing I saw as we Bteamed away was someone at the end of the pier, who wore a fez cap ; I stood upon a seat and waved my handkerchief to him furiously. I did, I did, and I just gloried in it, too. After Sybil's marriage we went off to live in the backblocks. It was very lonely for a while. Then I canjb out in society. Brother Jim took mother and me to the University commencement. The students began to sing, "Out on the Deep," and my thoughts went back to Felix. " Mary, Mary, look dear," said mother, as she plucked my Bleeve. "Look at that student there ; I.seem to know his face." My heart seemed to bound, for it was Felix. He came near ; I put my fan to my face, and he passed without seeing me. Jim came np. "Say, Mary, did you see that fellow that passed just now?'' I nodded, " Well, he's the coming man. He's got whips of money and the brains of a dozen men. Mary, you look white—not going to faint, eh ! are you?" ' Who are you talking about?" asked my mother. ' 'Telling Mary about John Felix Lanyon, character. He goes off by himself Btewing every year to some out-of-the-way hole—Portarlington, I think. Gets himself up like a fisherman, and lives aboard an old yacht for qnietness, and burns the midnight oil. Here he comes. I'll in troduce him. I say, Mary, you're blushing like a rose. Lanyon, let me introduce you to my mother. What! you've all met before. You might have told a fellow." We shook hands like old acquaintances. He kept my hand just a little longer than was absolutely necessary. I felt as if the world had got brighter to roe. " Come away, Lanyon," said Jim, " the fellows are tearing the place down for you and off they went. " Dear, dear,"stud mother, "to think that we should never have guessed that he was a gentleman." Mr. Felix came often to see us after that 