A Stroll Round. A CALL AT THE "NEPEAN TIMES." (BY C.G). Feeling languid and the need of fresh air, I sauntered out at night fall into the streets of our prettily-lighted town. I was not a complete stranger to the place, and I soon found myself in High-street, near the Post Office, gazing into the nicely set-out shop windows, and feeling pleasantly refreshed by the hum of voices from the various passers-by. All of these seemed cheerful and happy. I proceeded along Station- Street towards the Railway. At the " mews nothing was doing, and the sound of the blowing bellows and ringing anvil of the neighbouring smithy were still-and all " a solemn silence kept." Not all. For, when opposite the place where stands the" Red Cow," ready to dispense her exhilarating milk to all-comers who will pay for it, I heard a distant hum and a rattle of machinery. Turning to look, I saw in large letters " NEPEAN TIMES " written on the wall. I then recollected that the night was Friday-the night when the sheets of that luminary are ."run off." Wanting still some means of " soothing the fretful nerve," I determined to run in and see the genial editor and proprietor and watch the process of making up the papers. Entering, I found myself in the midst of bustle and activity. The room was brilliantly lighted. At a large table four of the staff were folding papers with lightning rapidity, as if for dear life. To the question " Were they folding in a match?" The reply, "No," was given laconically between the almost invisible flashing movements of the hands, each series of which resulted in another paper being added to the pile. As the pile was made up, a couple of boys rush in and count out their number of papers, pop them into their bags, mount their " nags," and canter away-one to St. Marys, and the other to his rounds through the town crying out now and then, as a paper flashes through the air and falls with true aim into some verandah, " Pa-a-a-a-per!" Passing out of the folding- room, I entered the machine-room, where the " whish, whish," of steam and the regular beat of an engine in motion evidenced great work of another kind. In the middle of the room stood a very high printing machine (valued at £250) in rapid motion, turning off papers at the rate of 20 per minute. Mounted on the top of the machine and feeding it with a bone (not for digestion however),-that is putting sheets of paper in position with a bone-sat one of the staff. The blank papers went under the rollers and, coming out on the other side printed, were gently lifted by the " fliers " and gracefully set down in a perfectly regular and neat pile at the end of the machine. Every minute or so, a boy ran up, seized a pile, and bore it away to the folding table. Another of the staff, with hands grimed over with ink and coal dust, and having on an apron that seemed stained with every substance in the establishment, stood near the engine, en- gaged in the important duty of watching the pressure of steam (then near 60 Ibs.), the supply of water in the boiler, and the regular stoking of the furnace; moving among all these, and apparently on the best terms with his "staff," was the great Editorial " We," calmly intent on the progress of all branches of the newspaper-finishing. Many of the men were smoking over their work, remind- ing one of the easy-going Dutchmen, who are always smoking when you see them, and, I suppose, smoking when you don't see them and they are in bed. Once I saw a boat load of Dutch Custom-House officers boarding a vessel at Rotterdam- each one was smoking ! Well, all the staff seemed jolly and happy : it was the finishing off of the papers, the strain of the week was over, and so-they smoked! But what is that sudden hush and stoppage of the machine? A shout-"The belt is broken ! " " Steam off." Then the mighty " We" was seen to advantage. In a twinkling he threw off his coat, seized the belt, and with hammer and chisel soon tore away the useless rivets ; and, having obtain- ed a boot-lace from one of the staff, quickly joined together the detached ends and had the machine at work again ! Bravo ! " Ne- cessity is the mother of invention !" Thus the papers were all finished by 7.30 p.m. -how many I did not know, but 8 hours printing at 20 per minute would, of course give 9,600 in the day. As I left the establishment the small boy in question, whose duty it was to distribute the literature-through the town, slipped into my hands a copy of the paper, limp and moist from the press. Folding it into the smallest possible compass, I placed it in my coat pocket with a sigh of relief, feeling as if I had gone through the vast and multifarious, labor of creating those 48 columns of closely printed matter. I began forthwith to reflect on the crowd of details and technicalities involved in the production weekly of the little literary organ which lay tightly squeezed up in my right hand pocket. I said to myself, " Surely if the persons who read this paper could see the vastness of the labor required to produce it, we should hear fewer plaints about their long- windedness in paying the wretched price of 2d a copy for the infor- mation and entertainment which it supplies. The thought of making a few notes for a rambling account of my visit to the news- paper works occurred to me. Being new to such a task, I remembered how I had read and noted the method adopted for such work by a celebrated pressman-that of jotting down while they were fresh, ideaa, without necessary connection, in a note-book; and, at leisure, digesting them into a consequential narrative. The result of this plan had so amused me that I had made a note of it. As it may be service- able to your readers (not to you, Mr. Editor, who have no doubt tried all methods and selected the best) and help to fill in this rambling diatribe, I quote the account of a little misadventure on the part of a pressman, which will serve to show his way of going about his journalistic work ; and, at the same time, prove a source of some amusement. Well, this writer had formed a habit of strolling into the town, " 'as it were in quest of game," and of setting down on slips of paper any hint which might be serviceable for " copy. " Such hints, he tells us, would only be a " rhapsody of nonsense " to any- body but himself. It appears that one day he dropped a sheet, full of these hints, in an auction-mart, aud that it was picked up by some one and handed round to the diversion of many and to the fear of others, who thought a madman, or at least a political plotter, who employed crypto- graphs, was among them. A few extracts from this slip may explain this. For instance " Yes, I hate long speeches. Query, if a good Christian may be a conjuror, Childer- mass day, salt-cellars, house-dog, screech- owl, cricket, Mr. Thomas Inkle, of London, in the good ship called Achilles-Yarico, ' Egrescitque Medendo,' ghosts, the lady's library, lion, by trade a tailor ; dromedary called Bucephalus, equipage, the lady's summum bonum, Charles Lillie, to be taken notice of, short face as relief to envy; re- dundancies in the three professions, King Latinus a recruit, Jew devouring ham of bacon, Westminster Abbey, Grand Cairo, pro- crastination, April-fool, blue boars, red lions, hog in armour (flying pigs). Enter a king and two fiddlers, solus, club of sighers, letters from flower-pots, elbow-chairs, tapestry figures, lion, thunder. The bell rings to the puppet show, old woman with a beard marries a smock-faced boy, my next coat to be turned up with blue, bamboos, cudgels, drum-sticks, slip of my landlady's eldest daughter, the barber's pole, the ogle-master, &c.;, &c.;" Well, repairing to an electric light, I made a motley collection of notes, not quite as comprehensive as the above ; and from them I am writing this. So " Revenons a nos moutons " (let us get back to our subject). I reflected on the difficulties in the way of getting the news for the paper. The reporter had been abroad at night: in one case, he must have had to drive 10 or 12 miles near midnight through wind and rain. Then he had to sit up until the small hours writing out his " copy ""for the com- positor. Next, think of the work of setting each letter of 48 columns into type-each letter to be picked out with the fingers, carefully " spacing " the lines, fixing them into the " galley," " measuring " off the columns, next " imposing " them into the " chase," then placing the " formes " on to the " carriages " of the machine. Also, while the type is thus being prepared by the compositors others are preparing the paper, damping it and attending to the engine, firing up and watching the water and pres- sure lest the Penrith luminary with all its attendant satellites should in a single moment be " burst up." I had read of " pangs in print," but I now realized " the pangs of printing and the paugs of writing for the printer." The good old stories of writers every two or three hours " refocil- lating " their wasted spirits with a roll and a pot of ale, studying and munching and drinking till late, and then making a good supper and going to bed to dream over and over again the incidents described in their lucubrations-these came vividly into my thoughts. I also pondered on the haste with which journalists must write. What facility, what fertility, must a writer like " Outis," of the " Daily Telegraph " possess, who regularly produces - his column of closely-printed matter per day, week, in, week out. Few men are gifted with such mental energy. Of these a well-kuown instance was Dr. Johnson, who wrote almost all his " Ramblers " just as they were wanted for the press. It is said he sent a certain portion of an essay, and wrote the remainder while the earlier part was printing. When it was wanted-and he had fairly sat down to it-he was sure, he said, it would be done. Johnson, the author of " The Rambler," " The Poet," "The Pamphleteer," "The Dictionary Doctor," &c.;, even wrote sermons, and he says he began a sermon after dinner and sent it off by post that night. But at what a fearful waste of brain tissue this had to be accomplished ? Who knows how much of his St. Vitus's dance, his scrofulous habit, his thirst for tea, his mutterings, gruntings, puffing, &c.;, were due to these exhausting habits ? Pity, I say, the poor reporter or editor whose " copy " and articles have to be made up ready for the morning paper. These are men who have chosen " the seductive but treacherous paths of litera- ture " for a livelihood ; and they deserve our utmost active sympathy. "Believe me," said Washington Irvine, " the man who earns his bread by the sweat of his brow, eats oftener a sweeter morsel, however coarse, than he who procures it by the labors of his brain." And our quandomi Poet Laureate, Dryden, says The unhappy man who once has trailed a pen, Lives not to please himself but other men Is always drudging, wastes his life and blood, Yet only eats and drinks what you think good. And what a power is this fourth estate of the realm ! Daily it flashes from 10,000 presges the news of the whole world : and, in smaller towns like Penrith, the doings, trade, amusements, gossip - marriages, births, and deaths of the distriot are weekly detailed, together with a general resume of the news of the world-all for the small fee of 2d! This it is, as Colonel Bell well remarked, that differences this age from all that has gone before. The smallest school-boy who can read, may know what empires are rising and falling, what dis- coveries science is bringing forth. News-, papers civilize a country, give it love of liberty, and inspire it with courage to battle for the right. Then with this dosing word, I will bring these ramblings to a close Pay your printer, pay your printer, pay your pressman-his work is the very breath of your mental life. 