THi; NEW BISHOP OF AUCKLAND. CONSECRATION OF DR. LENIHAN7 uishop Gallagher's magnificent discourse. As we briefly recorded in the last issue of the Fubeman, the Consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Lenihan as fifth Bishop of Auckland, in succession, to the late Bishop Luck, passed off on the previous Sunday with great impressiveness and eclat. As the first Catholic Consecration in the Diocese of Auckland, thie misht in anv case have been pre dicted ; but there were other elements which lent to tile local interest evoked by th? ceremonies. As the.N. rL. Herald truly says, 'Father Lenihan waa the choice : of his future flock ; while his }rears of residence in the diocese over which he had been called to. rule had secured for him the deepest re spect, not only of those in agreement with him, but of very large numbers who, though differing from him theologically, yet had learned to appreciate his catholicity of spirit and earnestness.' The occasion was one, therefore, which will be long remem bered. The preparations in the cathedral, to secure that nothing that might add to the completeness of the great Catholic function should he omittej, reflected the utmost credit upon those entrusted with them. Thesujyerb decorations and the whole arrangements were in the hands of several committees emanating from a central committee of which the Hon. J. A. Tole, was chairman ; Mr. W. Tole, vice-chairman ; Mr. P. Brophy, treasurer ; and Mr. M. J. Sheahan, secretary. At 10 o'clock the members of the Hibernian Society formed between the presbytery and the cathedral in double line, as a guard of honour to the procession of prelates and priests, composed as follows : — Dr. Lenihan (Auckland), Biahop elect ; Bishop Grimes (Christchurch), Conse crator ; Bishops Verdon (Dunedin) and Gallagher (Goulburn), assistant-prelates; Mons. Paul (One hunga), and M'Donald (Panmure and Howick); Rev. Fathers O'Hara (Otahuhuj, O'Reilly (Thames), Dr. Egan, O.S.B. (St. Benedict's), M. Egan (Coromandel), Purton, O.S.B. (Ponsonby), Gillan (Ponsonby), Mulvihill (St. Patrick's), Kehoe (Te Aroha), Hackett (Paeroa), M'Millan (Puke hohe), Launuyel (Opotiki), Amandilini (Hamil ton), Ohlsen (Tonga), Gregory (Newton), Cura mings, S.M., V. G. (Christchurch), Aubrey, S.M., Provincial (Sydney), Ginaty, S.M. (Christchurch), Kirk, S.M. (Wanganui), Grogan, S.M. (Napier), Smythe, S.M. (Hastings), M'Grath (Ilawera), Golden (Patea), M'Kenna (New Plymouth), Buck ley (-St. Patrick's), Luck, O.S.B. (Kihikihi), and four Maori missionaries. The entrance of the pro cession 'was signalized to the crowded congregation by a fine rendering of Stein's ' Ecce Magnus.' The Right Rev. Dr. Grimes was the celebrant of the Solemn High Mass and Consecrator ; the Rev. Fathers Kirk and Hackett, deacon and sub-deacon respectively ; the Rev. Father Cummings, senior assistant ; and Rev. Father Gillan (who, by the way, had provided for tho congregation a fine trans lation, with notes, of the solemn rite according to the rubrics), acted as master of the ceremonies. During the singing by choir and people of the 'Te Deura,' after the enthronement, Bishop Lenihan, led by his assistants, passed through the church, giving his blessing to the people. bishop Gallagher's discourse. 'Take heed ti yourselves and to the whole flock, wherein the Holy Ghost hath pluced you bishops, to rule the Church of God which He hath purchased with His own blood. I know that attor My departure ravening wolves will enter in among you, not sparing the flock.' (Acts, xx., 28). My Lords, Very Rev. and Rev. Fathers, and Dear Brethren, — ?The sacred ceremony in which we are engaged is not merely an occasion of religious joy, but of instruction also. It is indeed suggestive of proud memories connected with the pastt But still more is it suggestive of high and ennobling thoughts to cheer, to sustain, to strengthen us for the struggle of the future. A bishop has been conse crated; a fresh sentinel has been placed on the watch-tower of Israel ; a new successor of the Apostles has been given to the Christian Church; a new link has been added to the golden chain which binds you to the hill of Calvary, to the rock of Peter, to the venerable Hierarchy of the Catholic world. We are told in the Acts of the Anostles that when our Divine Lord had ascended from Mount Olivet, to take His seat at the right hand of His Eternal Father, the Apostles, returning to Jerusalem, went into an upper room, and there awaited in retirement and prayer the fulfilment of the promises. But their number was not complete. One of the twelve, whom He had sent to heal the sick and to preach the Kingdom of God — to pro claim the glory of His name to the lost sheep of the House of Israel and to the Gentile world, had become an apostate. Judas, who had been numbered amongst them and o.btained part of their ministry, had fallen, and 'his bishopric should be taken by another.' A selection is made, votes are taken, and lots are cast.1 The lot fell upon Matthias, one of those who had companied with them, whose coming in and going out were well known to them all. St. Peter, chief of the Apostles, the rock on which He was to build His Church, to whom were given the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, with commission to feed His lambs and sheep, approves of the selection. St. Peter, as Christ's Vicar on earth, ratifies with the seal of the fisherman the choice which the chief pastors had made ; and through the imposition of apostolic hands St. Matthias becomes first Bishop of the Christian Church consecrated after the Ascension of Our Saviour. That first consecration, not merely in its substance but in all essential details, is reproduced in the sacred ceremony of to-day. This important See of Auckland having been widowed by the death of its late zealous, learned, and pious Bishop, Dr. Luck, those priests of the diocese to whom the Holy Father has granted a consultative voice in the nomination of their chief pastor, commended your future prelate to the bishops of tho province as the one whom in their humble opinion the Lord had chosen, as the one whom, after reflection and prayer, they considered, for his learning, his prudence, his virtuous life, and his good works, most worthy to rule over them. The Bishops, seconding the wishes of priests . and people, sustained that recommendation with him who is the only source of authority and juris diction within our Holy Church — the Vicar of Christ. He alone who sits in the Chair of Peter can form dioceses. He alone can constitute cathedral churches. He alone can appoint bishops to them and invest them with authority to feed and to rule their flocks. ' The episcopal order is rightly Judged to be in communion with its supreme head, as Christ commanded,' says the last Encyclical of ou.r Holy Father, 'if it be subject to and obey Peter ; otherwise it of .necessity becomes a lawless and dis ordered mob.'1 If the Church be a vine or tree, St. Peter is the root from which sap and vigour and life must flow to each remotest branch — separated from the root the branch must wither and die. If the Church be a ship or barque, St. Peter is the captain or pilot, who, trusting to the pole-star of infallible guidance, steers it safely amid the rocks and storms and darkness to which, on the ocean of life, it must ever be exposed. If the Church be a kingdom. St. Peter is the ruler thereof. If the ?Church, in fine, be a house — and what figures in the inspired volume more frequent than these ? — St. Peter is the rock, bed, foundation on which the majestic structure of God's spiritual temple securely ? reposes. The electric cable— if we may borrow a simile from the greatest physical triumph of our century and apply it to the supernatural kingdom of Jesus Christ— must be contiguous, must be un broken, if it is to enrry its message in safety, with out error, to its destination. So the succession to the apostolic ministry must be without break, without solution of continuity) if the glad tidings of enlightenment and salvation are to be proclaimed, ??semper cadem, unchanged and unchangeable, as they ?came from their Divine source, to all the nations of the earth, and till the consummation of the world. ? The uninterrupted succession of Sovereign Pontiffs in the chair of the fisherman is that unbroken electric chain through which the message of salva tion and of truth comes right througli unbroken and unchanged from the upper-room of Jesusalem to us to-day. The 260th successor, therefore,' of St. Peter has given to our young prelate institution and jurisdiction and a flock. And, in fine, through the sacramental ministry of the consecrating prelate and assistant bishops, acting on the Apostolic com mission, the episcopal character and grace of ?order are conferred by the imposition of hands. Thins duly consecrated, your new Bishop takes his |}kce as a lawful successor Gf that Apostolic band whose mission it was to proclaim the message of salvation in spite of dungeons and persecution and the sword — whose mission it now is, as it has ever been, to go forth, animated by the breath of the Divinity and invested with the power of Jesus Christ Himself, to guide, to bless, and to instruct the nations. JJisIiop — what name is there that can justly olaim from so many titles the esteem and gratitude of mankind? What order is there amongst men that has done so much for the enligh tenment, tUe elevation, the true progress of their fellow-creatures ? What region in the world that is not full of their beneficent and unselfish, labours ? To the bishops has been given, as all history proves, in their corporate capacity in union with their supreme head, the authoritative voice in defining doctrines of faith, in prescribing laws of universal discipline. Invested with the plenitude of sacer dotal power, it is the bishop alone who perpetuates the ministry of- Jesus Christ by the ordaining of priests. It is the bishop alone who can consecrate the chrism—' the holy and Divine chrism' (as the ancient liturgy calls it) which is the visible sign of ' invisible grace in so many Sacraments and con secrations ; which mingles with the waters of baptism; which seals the brow of the con firmed Christian ; which , sanctifies the 'hands of priests; which strengthens the shoulders of emperors and of kings ; which con secrates the vessels for the oblation of the great sacrifice of the New Law ; which anoints the dying; 'for their journey to eternity. It is the bishop who, in the solemn dedication of churches, gives, as it were, a living soul to the house of stone ana the blessing of -i oi to the work of the hands of man. To him, ?in fine, as representative of Christ is committed the care of consecrated virgins and the reception of those vows by which they bind themselves with the triple bond of poverty, chastity, and obedience to the service of the eternal spouse ; to moulding on His Divine model the character of infancy and child hood ; to relieving the miseries and praying for the temporal and eternal wants of their fellow-creatures. ?Guardian of the deposit of faith, he should preach the word in season, out of season, entreating, re proving, rebuking in all patience and doctrine. drawing his inspiration from the Sacred Volume, from the teachings of the Fathers,' from the tradition of all ages, but above all from the infallible voice that speaks from St. Peter's Chair, he should not place light for darkness nor darkness for light, but love the truth andabandunitnever, led astray neither by the applauses nor by the vituperation of the world, conquered neither by flattery or fear. Shepherd of the flock of God, he must nourish his sheep with the food of sound doctrine and ward them off from poisonous herbage; he must not, like the hireling, flee, but grasp firmly his pastoral staff when the wolf of error or corruption comes to seize or scatter his sheep. Sentinel on the watch-towers of Israel ,he would ever be ready to cry out and to give the alarm when the enemy are openly attack ing the gates or secretly undermining the walls. ' For the sake of Sion, I will not be silent ; for the sake of Jerusalem, I will take no repose.' Labour ing incessantly as a good soldier of Jesus Christ, attending to reading, to exhortation and to doctrine, he must strive to be — forma facti gregis ex animo — an example of the faithful in word, in conversation, in chastity, in sobriety, in charity, and in faith — meditating on these things and wholly in them he must save himself and those whom ' God has en trusted to his spiritual care. Such are. some of the duties of a bishop in his purely spiritual sphere. But not to the sanctuary alone have the cares of the bishop in any age been exclusively confined. 'Salt of the earth,' they took possession of the empire of the Cassars when falling into decay, and rescued it from corruption. 'Light of the world,' they entered into the tents of the barbarians and led them from the bondage and darkness of pagan ism into the bright sunshine of Christian civiliza tion — endowed them with the unbought grace of life, the manly sentiment, the refinement and chivalry of the ages of faith. What university is there in Europe that does not owe its richest foun dations, if not its origin, to the munificence and en lightened zeal of some Catholic bishop ? It was the schools of the bishops which, reposing under the inviolable shelter of the consecrated temple, im parted to the ingenuous youth of the Middle Ages, with enthusiasm of faith and nobility of sentiment, a love of letters and the fine spirit of an exulted freedom. 'The episcopacy of the ' Middle Ages,' says Coleridge,' ' was nothing but a confederancy of the good and the learned men of the West of Europe against the violence, barbarism, and ignorance of the times. The Pope was the head of this confederacy.' When the hearts of the barons quailed at Runnymede, was it not the bishops that urged them on to win. from a despotic king the charter of their liberties — those very liberties whose ampler development makes us so happy and so prosperous here to-day beneath the Southern Cross? When in France or Spain the courage of the bravest lagged, did not the bishops even exchange the pastoral staff for the sword, and lead theiv people to final victory over the Saracen and the Moor ? Never, perhaps, did the Germanic Confederation enjoy so much of glory abroad and of happiness at home as during those long centuries when her prince-bishops wielded the double sceptre of temporal and of spiritual sway, created and fos tered the municipal institutions of the free cities, and exercised a controlling power in the destinies of the Empire ? At the time of the Renaissance, ' paganism, under the guise of literature and of art, threatened, as we all know, to once more take pos session of the world. The Episcopate, most of them scholars of the highest order, with the Supreme Pontiff at their head, encouraged their spiritual children to associate themselves with the literary and artistic movements of the age ; fur* nished from the exhaustless treasure of Holy Faith things new and old— subjects and inspirations which have immortalized so many names, and illus trated the sublime doctrines of our religion with the noblest monuments of human genius — ' Then sculpture and her sister arts revive, Stones leap to form and rocks begin to live, With sweeter notes each rising temple rung A Raphael painted and a Vida sung.' ' Vida, Bishop of Alba, the most exquisite Latin poet of the modern world, was,' says a great Pro testant historian, ' a distinguished member of the Council of Trent, if good sense and good taste, learning and liberality, noble works and blameless life could, distinguish one where all were so distinguished.' If, in fine, Ire land, the land of my birth, during ages of untold sufferings, never allowed the iron of slavery to enter into her soul ; if, amid persecutions that have never been equalled, she always preserved a love of learn ing, unblemished morals, and a spirit of exalted freedom that have never been surpassed, is it not because she had bishops who were patriots as well as prelates, who loved country and liberty none the less because they loved relision more — because, in a word, the succession of her Pontiffs was never inter rupted, was bound in one Unbroken chain through Laurence and Malachy and Patrick to the rock of agesi1 Times are altered. The old order changeth, giving place to the new.. The .Catholic Bishop may be no longer called upon, like Ximenes or Richelieu, to take upon his shoulders the destinies of a great nation ; or, like Wolsey, to administer civil justice' and direct, in affairs of State, the counsels of his Sovereign. But stripped of earthly splendour, set free from the odium which fell upon them from alliance with the State, standing on no other ground than that of apostolical authority, the bishop of the nineteenth century is all the stronger for the change. No longer the servant :-f princes, he is ten fold the servant of the people. He still can, like those illustrious bishops whom Providence raised up in every age to combat heresy, to found and cherish new institutions — St. Augustine, Bossuet, Wiseman — illustrate and adorn eternal truth by triumphs of eloquence, or enrich the domain of secular and Divine science b)' the labours of his mind. In the day oE suffering or famine he can, like the Cardinal- Archbishop of- Milan, melt down the golden vessels of the sanctuary to relieve the necessities of his people. In the time of pestilence he can, from his lofty station, give the example of true heroism, and, like Belzunce, the good Bishop of Marseilles — ' Draw purer breath When nature sickens and each gale is death,' and imitate in all the fulness of His love the Good Shepherd by laying down' his life for his sheep. He still can, like St. Ambrose, withstand oppres sion, and with holy courage forbid entrance into the holy temple to the tyrant, whether imperial or democrat, who has trampled on the rights or been guilty of the blood of his people. With Cardinal Lavigerie he can bring the glad tidings of freedom — of enlightenment of Christian truth and grace to the enslaved races of the Dark Continent, and re store the land of Cyprian and Augustine, rescued from fetichism or Moslem bondage, to the empire of Jesus Christ. Taking Cardinal Manning for his example, he can defend with noble courage, even if not crowned with success, the cause of oppressed labour, of toiling suffering humanity at the commer cial centre of the Universe. Like Cardinal Gibbons or Archbishop Ireland in America, he can strive to fashion the highest civilization that the world has ever seen, on the lines of ancient faith, and inform the brute mass of their material progress with the soul, the vivifying principles of religion. Or, like Archbishop Affre on the barricades of Paris, if unable to make his voice heard above the clash and tumult of civil strife, he can, holding aloft the cross, interpose his life as a holocaust of peace be tween the swords of the contending armies. . . . But if this be true of every nation on the earth, nowhere does it apply with so much force as in this Southern world. Never was there a nobler field for the activity and enlightened zeal of a true bishop than is presented in the free and progressive colo nies of Australia and New Zealand at the present day. How youthful are they and yet how great? Their origin is but of yester day, yet how rich in glorious pro mise? The most daring, the best and noblest elements of other lands have come here to form a new people, new in thought, new in energy, new in action. The traditions of the past vanish. Fresh social forms arise and new political institutions. Wondrous are the discoveries of the secrets and of the powers of nature. Unwonted forces are at work in every sphere over which man's control may reach. There is a revolution in the feelings and thoughts and hopes and men. All things that can be changed will be changed; and nothing will remain save those truths alone which God declares shall not pass away — though heaven and earth may pass away ; and that institution founded on the rock against which He wills it that the gates of hell shall not prevail for ever.. Now is the time and here is the place for the Catholic Bishop. Deputy of Him to whom all power has been given in heaven and on earth, of Him who is the way, the truth, and the life ; consecrated minister of His undying Church, and bound more closely than in any former age to its infallible head, he alone, like the pillars of Palmyra, amid the ruins of the desert, stands majestic and erect amidst the debris of intellectual, of political, of social, and. of religious systems that are; passing away. He alone dreads not the shocks of resolution nor the onslaught of time; he alone fears not the threats as he courts not the applause nor .seeks the favour of men, in the accomplishment of his mission of truth and of salvation. As in that reconstruction of society, which succeeded' the dissolution of the Roman Empire ; as in that new creation -which arose from the choas of the French Revolution, so now the spirit of God through the agency of His apostolic ministry— that ministry which He instituted for the preservation of faith and morals amongst men — will move over the troubled waters. At its bidding light shall again be made out of darkness, and as at the beginning; so now confusion will hear its voice and mute uproar statid1 ruled. Instaurare omnia in Chrislo Jesu — to renew all things in Christ Jesus, to place all things under the legitimate empire of God and His holy law ; to combat everywhere the sacrilegious substitution of man for God, which is the deadly sin of the age ; to solve once more, by the precepts; and counsels of the Gospel, and by the teachings of the Church, those problems which the Church and the Gospel have solved so many times before — education, family, power, property, the destiny of man ; to re establish a Christian equilibrium, between the diffe rent Conditions and classes of society ; to bring peace oh earth and to people heaven with saints. Such is the mission of the Catholic bishop, as it has been so often before, so now especially in the times and places in which we live. The liberty, the demo cracy, the. intellectual activity,- the spirit of pro gress, which constitute the glory of these young Commonwealths, spring from the deepest principles of the teachings of our Holy Faith. The most exacting of her precepts go to build up the true greatness of a free people — self-abnegation, purity of personal and domestic life, loyalty to the State, profound reverence for the Deity, chrifity to our fellow-men. Who is a most ardent admirer of the legitimate aspirations of the age, its thirst for knowledge, its love of freedom, its triumphs over the forces of nature ? Is not the Catholic Bishop also ? Has anyone amongst you ' Dipt into the future far as human eye can see, Seen tho vision of the world and tho wonders that shall be'? The Catholic bishop or priest, more than any other man, has seen that vision and is glad. No mere motionless sphinxes of the desert are we — mysteri- ous relics of a vanished age, who fatuously contem plate the shadows of tho centuries as they pass. No ; but men of progressive ideas, men of energy, men of action. The man of tho nineteenth century ' Hears the heavens filled with shouting, and there rains a ghastly dew From the nations' airy navies grappling in tho central 'blue.' The Catholic Bishop hears it with a bounding heart, and grasping the Gospel in one hand and the Cross of Our Saviour in the other yearns to sail, as did Las Casas, the good Bishop of the Incas, in the Maria of Columbus, and carry the glad message of enlightenment and salvation to the peoples of those undiscovered worlds. Liberty, fraternity, progress — these watchwords of the age — rightly understood, are they not also mine, Bishop though I am of the ancient faith ? Free as the eagle that soars around the Alpine heights — in everything outside the eternal principles of morality and. revealed truth — ambitious to march in the van of the world's progress, solicitous to bind all men together in unity of faith and love. ('The first aspect,' says Lecky, ' in which Christianity presented itself to the world was as a declaration of the frater nity and equality of men in Christ.') The Bishop will bless these generous aspirations of the century on which we enter — of the people among whom his lot is cast. The people, deeply imbued at heart with the hallowed instincts of religion, will never impede his episcopal freedom in his beneficent work of en lightenment, of grace, of salvation — in his unceasing effort to proclaim the truth of God and to save the souls 01 men. Courage therefore, my dear brother. In the beautiful expression of our ancient liturgy — aursum eorda. Lift up your heart, trusting not in your own worth, or learning, or ability, but in the power of Him Avho sends you. God docs .not de pend for the success of His work on the strength or genius of man. lie rather glories in choosing the foolish things of this world to confound the wise ; the weak and contemptible things of this world thatHeJmay confound the strong. St. Paul, that vessel of election, when ho proclaimed the glad tidings before the kings and princes of the Gentile world, came not in loftiness of speech or wisdom. He glorified only in knowing Jesus Christ and Him crucified Courage! You have indeed been called to a high dignity — honoured and you obeyed. You have been ordered to a post of labour, and cheerfully, saying with the pricst- prophot of the ancient law coco adaum, you have not refused tho burden. I question not the justice of tho primitive canon — 'Profecto fcnira indignus est episcopatu, nisi i'uerit consccrntus invitus ; rogatus recodat ; iiwitatns refugiat ; quauratur cogondns.' In the old countries of Europe where the epis copate was synonymous with wealth and power and high place ; where the chief pastors were clothed in purple and fine linen, and dwelt in the palaces of kings ; where everything was regulated bylaw and little left to the initiative of tho man, v.oh episeopari may have had merit then. But in these colonies, where to be a successful Bishop, one must be a many-sided man, fruitful in resources, endowed' with exhaustions latent energy ; where he has so much to create, to organize, to develop, so many conflict ing elements to harmonize ; whore it is expected of him that be be the best theologian, the most eloquent preacher, the most reliable financier, the safest counsellor in things spiritual and temporal, and at the same time thu most slavish worker of the diocese, literally serous servorum Dei, I recognize more virtue in accepting than in refusing that most exalted but oppressive dignity in times like these. Like the leaders of Israel, in the days of Neheraias, he must build up the walls of the city of God under difficulties exceeding great, ward off tho enemy from without while shielding and protecting his own children from within. ' With one of hi.s hands he did the work, and with the other he held a sword.' Becoming all things to all men that he may gain all, prudent as the serpent, simple as the dove ; trusting to God alone for the success of every undertaking, yet leaving to fortune nothing that foresight and resolution can wrest from her ; a man of prayer and study, and yet a man of affairs ; able without any of the world's wealth to bring religion and all its manifold interests up to the level of the science and philanthropy of the age, against the spirit of tho age, surely he who desires the office of a bishop desires a work that is very good, in circumstances such as these. Courage then, my brother ; with diffidence in self, but high and holy trust in God, entor upon the duties oi your sacred office. ' Feed the ilock of tJqd- which jg affiongst you, exerting the epsscopal; ,' ofliice' not in constraint, but willingly according to' G'od J not for Mthy lucre, but cheerfully ; not $s- lording it over the clergy*, 'but becoming a pafctfcrm'ofi the flock from the heart).''' Be jealous of the honou* and dignity of the: priesthood. The priests off Hid (fd'ocese are for the bishop an integral part of' hh episcopal efficiency. Their woik is his work. If he steers the boat it ia they that cast the neitii Encourage their efforts, increase their joys an'd/ lessen their sorrows by sharing both with them, .t^et your heart go out in sympathy with them, those zenrious labourers in th'O' -tineyard, who bear unmurmuring' the heat aridt burden tii the day, those fishers of mail whose hearts,, like the hearta of the Apostles on theSea ofGalilee, are often saddened*, that though they have labcured all the day, they have taken nothing. ' Let those priests who rule well be esteemed worthy of double honour ; especially those who lafeoui in the word an£ doctrine.' Join with us ail; in making a supreme' eSort that they may be men of learning as well as zeal, ifitfft oi action as well as men of prayer, able to refute the ert'oro and correct the abases, bu& in thorough sympathy with the legitimate aspira tions of the age— that, in a word, like Moses, the? heaven-selected leader of the chosen people, skilled* in ' all the learning of the Egyptiaas,' they may guide their people through the waraderings of life's journey, through the confines of the enemy, to their glorious and immortal home. To the C'&tihe;'lm school which, reposing tranquilly beneath the. shadow oi the sanctuary, forms souls not merely Sor this world but for God-to the devout religious?, male and female, who tinder different names accora. plish the same vocation oi penitence, of self abnegation, of charity, artd of prayer— to those pious confraternities of devotion, of beneficence, wftidi bind our faithful people into a holy union of good wOi-Jiofor body and soul— to the rich and poor, to the young and old— but, above all, to the lambs of the flock, the little ones of the fold, your episco pal solicitude, your paternal affection muat be shared impartially with all. In the beautiful words of the immortal Fenelon at the consecration of the Princa Bishop of Cologne, ' 0, pastors, far from you let the narrow soul and contracted heart be ? banished, enlarge your bowels of affection. Ye know nothing, if you are only acquainted wsth the voice of authority, of reproof, of correction, and with pointing out the letter of the law. Be father*, , this is not sufficient. Be mothers, travail in birtk again till Jesus Christ His sweet spirit of heavenly ?_ love be formed in all hearts.' Take heed to yourself mid to the whole flock Avherein the Holy Ghost has placed you a bishop to rule the Church of God ?Which He has purchased with His own blood. The musical part of the ceremony was most im pressively rendered, the choir being ably led by Mr. Hiscooks, Mr. Hartwell presiding at the organ. Great assistance was rendered by Mr. Towaey and some members of the Liedcrtafel, the orchestra being well balanced and effective. Millard's solemn Mass in G was fittingly rendered, the soloists being Misses C. Lorrigan, Hargreaves, Lonergan, Brins den, Mrs. Hiscocks, Mons. Casicr, and Messrs. Lonergan, Conway, and Parish. The solo accom paniments in the Mass were very finished. The Offertorium, an ' O Salutaris,' was sung by Mons. Casier with artistic taste. Homberg's ' Te Deum,' a grand piece of music, was equally well rendered, the solos here being taken by the Misses C. Lorri gan and Lonergan, Mons. Casier and Mr. T. Lonergan. : At Solemn Pontifical Vespers in the evening. Bishop Lenihan presided, there being again a crowded congregation. The Revs. Fathers Kirk and Hackett were deacon and sub-deacon respec tively; the Rev. Father Cumtnings, assistant ; the Rev. Fathers Egan and Aubrey, cantors ; and -the Rev. Fathers M'Kinnon, M'Grath, Grogan, and Smith, copemen. The musical portions were again efficiently rendered. Herr Carl Schmitt had com posed an ' 0 Salutaris' as a duet specially for the occasion, this being sung by Miss C. Lorrigan and Mrs. Hiscocks. Borghi's Litany and other music also had able interpretation. ? ; v Bishop Grimes preached an eloquent sermon, taking for his text, St. Matthew, xxviii., 18 and 20. After the consecration ceremony the visiting pre lates and clergy were entertained at dinner by Bishop Lenihan, at St. Mary'y convent. The toasts of the Pope, the Queen, the visiting prelates, etc., received due honours. - In the evening a re-union was held, in .which the vocalists, instrumentalists, and others who had assisted were entertained, and next evening there was a conversazione, which was very successfully carried out. Bishops Lenihan, Grimes, fourteen of the clergy, and several laymen left, after the conversazione, for a trip to the North. 