THE PRINCE OF BAL- KISTAN. [By ALLEN UPWARD.] CHAPTER XV.—[Concluded.) " I wjH grant both your requests, my dear M. Tataroff, the more readily as I can see that your ill-health is not a mere excuse. What is the nature of the post which you would like?" "I ventured to think of that of Governor of Attarband." The Khan bit his lip. This man's audacity was unbounded. > Such a position as he coveted was reserved for the higher officers in the army; to bestow it upon a police epy would be to create a military revolt. " I fear there is no precedent for what you ask," he said, after a little consideration. "The post is a purely military one, and as such must be "held by a soldier. But I tell you what I can do. I will present you to the Ameer, with my highest recommendations, and in a short time there is no reason why you should not become.his Vizier." The word caught TatarofFs fancy. It had a ring of Oriental splendour calculated to dazzle this harivu-ianV mind. t "I aocept your Majesty's gracious offer," he cried. " Perhaps-your Majesty will permit me to form one of your escort at the great ceremony of to-morrow?" " By all mean^. . And I will take the first suitable opportunity of introducing you to the Ameer." Tataroff .withdrew, overjoyed. But as soon as he was gone a cloud overcast the monarch's face. Was this a real retirement, or did the spy's request conceal pome fresh manoeuvre, possibly of a kind hostile to himself. Why had Tataroff coma to the coronation? How had he managed to spring up out of the earth, as it were, when he was supposed to be two thousand miles away? Above allt what had he been doing in the affair of Pnnce Rodolph? - Perplexed with these thoughts,'- Nicholas slept rtn easily that night. The repose of General Skouronieff was not quite undisturbed. He, too, had a conversation before he retired to rest, and a conversation which did not leave him altogether well Nevertheless he arose in the morning with his accustomed - vigour, and dressed himself with great 'care. He bestowed affectionate pains upon the arrangement of that long beard which Tataroff had remarked upon, and even cut it a ii^tle shorter, with his own hand. Attired in a brand new General'6 uniform, his breast sparkling with stars and medals, Count Skouronieff iseued from his chamber and descended to breakfast. Hardly had the meal been cleared away, when M. Tataroff was announced. " Welcome, my dear friend," cried the Count heartily as the ray entered, and waiving the great difference in their ranks, he extended his arms and bestowed on the spy a hearty embraofe." "' He IB afraid of me," was TatarofFs inward sneer, as he released himself from this affectionate demonstration, and rubbed his hand on the upper part of his chest as though one of the Count's' ornaments had caused him Borne discomfort. " I have come here to tell your Excellency something that may cause you surprise. I have" resigned my connection with the secret sefrvice. I am no longer a member of the police." . General Skouronieff turned almost white, and stared ait Tataroff as if he beheld a ghost. "I see you are astonished," remarked the spy. "But the fact is I have strong reasons for lids retirement, some of which you may suspect febd others not. However, all the secrete wiuch came into my possession during my career as a polioe agent will now be buried and forgotten. It is a positive pleasure to me to look forward to atime when none will either dread, or be dreaded by, me." Still'the Count showed no response, only the same attitude of stony wonder, almost of J horror. T&tarpff; began to get nettled- He spoke v more plainly. ' - "•Bo 'juu "understand me. Count? A short time ago I learned that you were connected with a certain project which I frustrated. I informed ywi"tiuit I would keep your secret on condition t^jat jriir rendered certain services to me in connefcrtiatr'with • other members of the society to .which. you belonged. That condition -I nosv annul. Conceal my. identity from vdur Society, and I will conceal yours from the Government- Is it a bargain? " You have spoken to me too late. I have never beteAyed you, but others have. You are condemned to death. I implore you make your peace with heaven." Tatarohiff smiled -ecornfully, bat he was startled^ nevertheless, to find that his doom had already penetrated to the ears of a man BO far removed from the centres of Fatalist activity- " I (In -not. know how you heard that," he said, '' but .'^t all - e vente the Society is quite ignorant' of py .whereabouts. They have no idea of my pfesenoe in ihis distant region, and all I a&k; of you is to do nothing to put them on the trail;": • "I/will do nothing to put them on your trail,responded Skouronieff, preserving the same dazed look, and speaking m a cold, abstracted voiqe- Then he pulled out his waich. "It is time• we were on our waj? to the palace. Good morning, M. Tataroff.' The spy took his departure much puzzled, and somewhat alarmed at the strange manner of tie Count' No sooner -was he out of sight than the Count snatched ad" ornament from his neck, which liiB beard" Kad concealed, and dashed it to atoms with an iron poker on the hearth of the room. The.fragments and dust he flung upon the fire, and f}ion sallied out to take his place iu the procession.- _ Meanwhile an appalling whisper had begun to go round the streets and bazaars, of a tragedy which was said to have taken jflace in the palace that very morning. The .Khan's nervousneffl, and' his reckless reliance on the firoarmB he always carried about with him, have -been-^already 'described. The anxiety caused-to his mind by the unexplained appearance of Tatoroff, and his mysterious request, Lad brought Nicholas into a state bordering on latent frenxy. He had never forgotten Tatar rofTs famous: boast as to the death of his fnthe», and he strongly suspected that his own ric.'it.h was being planned by the spy. •What more suitable occasion to choose, for the .purpose of impressing the world, than this furthcoming ceremony? To strike down their pucihy in'the act of assuming the crown of Western Asia, would lie a triumph well fitted to delight the Fatalists, and to redouble tlieir confidence in 'Tataroff. Nicholas III. rose that morning, having worked himself into the firm belief that he was to perish before night. AM he was dressing, his Secretary, A mild veiling mm, who would, perhaps, have gone off his nead with fear had any Fatalist approached him, came quietly into the room, as was his custom, and walked np to where his master stood before a' mirror. Plunged in his ov.n thoughts, the Khan heard nothing, and the-firyt'intimation he had of the Secretary's presence was beholding his reflection behind his own in the glass. The shock was too niuchfor his over-wrought nerves. With a hoarse cry Nicholas snatched up the revolver that lay before him on his dressing-table, and turning swiftly round, discharged three chambers into the young man's body. He fell dead without a groan, and Nicholas, aghast at his own work, sank down on a couch and burst into hysterical sobs. The attendants who rushed in did their best to hush up the terrible incident, but in vain. \- The news spread with a rapidity peculiar to Oriental countries, and a deep and abiding gloom VBE cast over the day's event. That event it was impossible to put off. The Khan, with a heavy heart and trembling limbs, went through the weary work. At one moment during the long oeremony he looked around for Tataroff. But Tataroff was not there. It. was whispered to him presently, Answer to his question, that the spy had quite suddenly turned bhie, had dropped in his place, and bad been carried out to recover from the faint. The ceremony went on. The huge imperial crown—new as regards its workmanship, but on a model centuries old—hung poised for a moment in the air, flashing with pems and beaten gold, a visible glory descending upon the head of tho anointed Emperor. Then it came down, and the whole vast concourse rose and chanted a mighty chorus of praise to the Divine Power whose vicegerent they beheld in Nicholas I. of Tniania. The oeremony ended, the procession was reformed to return to the palace. Still wearing his gorgeous diadem, the Emperor stepped into his carriage, and eight coal-black stallions of magnificent, breod, and caparisoned with sriken housings picked out with pearls and diamonds, drew him through ranks on ranks of nrmed soldiers along the massed thoroughfares. Surrounded by a whole corps of the most cunnjng police service in the world, accompanied' by ten thousand men of the great Imperial Tartar guard, begn t by an army, and looked on • by a whole vast subject populac, what hostile touch, what breath not of the most abject loyalty, could penetrate to Nicholas III.? He reached his palace, entered into his inner cabinet, and dismissed all his attendants. Then for the first time he lifted the great crown from off his forehead, and set it down upon a table. And as he did so he perceived, lurking beneath its intricate golden tracery, half hidden by the blaze of rubies and the glare of emeralds, a tiny slip of paper. Had it been left there by the carelea« workman whose chisel'put the last touches to the prerigus bauble: or was it a fragment f rom the packing case? The Khan drew it forth with trembling fingerfc, unfolded it, and read— " To Nicholas III. of Tartary. "Ivan Tataroff is dead. So perish those who attempt the liv^s of the innocent. Proceed no further against Rodolph of Balkistan. "On behalf of the Central Executive of the Fatalist Socicty, "Z." The Khan fell upon his knees. EPILOGUE. This postscript is written only for those whose interest in tho characters of the storymakes them wish to be told that their friends " lived happily ever afterwards." Prince Rodolph has preserved his throne and life. If there have been further plots against him at least they have received no personal countenance from Nicholas III. But he no longer occupies hi? throne alone. Some months after these events the wedding was celebrated of the two cousins, amid the rejoicings of the whole Balkiard psople. And not long since a salvo of a hundred and one cannon announced to the delighted inhabitants of Sufare-st, and to the world, that ail heir to the Principality had been born upon its soil. M. Karkchulov continued to head the Ministry, and. no further interruption occurred to the good relations between himself and his Prince. Count Halsteiu, by marrying a Balkiard wife, has achieved the confidence of tho nation. Schoffzan has left Balkistan. The break-up of the pro-Tartar faction which iollowed on the investigations of Mr. Verriter, reduced him to poverty, and he is now living in an obscure Tartar to - .vn, 011 a small pension afforded him by the Khan. Nelidoff was removed from Sufarest 111 deference to a strong hint from the Balkiard Government; but for him the change has mcaut promotion, and he now occupies a high position in the foreign service of Tartary. Tlieir colleague, Simski, was contemptuously released from prison, and handed over to his friends, the Tartar authorities. Monsignor Stefan was the only member of the conspiracy who in no way suffered from his connection with it. His influence in the Church made it unsafe to come to a breach with liim, and he retained his position and the public esteen until his death. This was sudden, and there were some ugly stories afloat in some quarters with reference to his chaplain, and to the disappearance of certain treasure. General Count Skouronieff continues to enjoy the entire confidence of his Imperial master. There is another character who still claims a word. Mr. Verriter did not leave the liouie of Count Volousky 011 the occasion of his memorable interview, without extracting a promise from the Fatalists that thoy would use the resources of their Society to discover what had become of Mr. Verriter's fcllow-mnr.trynian, the missing locksmith. Five months afterwards he received decisive information. The unfortunate man was being earned on his way to the Arctic Mines when it appeared he had made a desperate effort to escape, and had been shot dead iu the attempt. The widow and children were never informed of their father's fatej but they receive annually a modest pension, paid secretly, from the exchequer of Prince Rodolph. Of the rewards which Mr. Verriter received from the Prince nothing need be said. But the most curious thing remains to be told- The borings which, in order to perfectly keep up his character as the American Baxter, he had ordered to be started on the lands leased from Monsignor Stefan, resulted in the discovery, not of antimony, bnt of a very rich deposit of copper, and Mr. Verriter is now a rich man. Still, he has resisted all the offers made him by the grateful Prince of Ballristan to settle in the Principality. He continues to dwell in his native country, and to cultivate his roses and his Orleans plums, his existence being only embittered by a single thing—the discovery that his right-hand neighbour is in the criminal habit of getting- rid of his snails by dropping them over his, Mr. Verriter's, wall. 