FALSE EVIDENOB BIr E. PamLnas OPrrvxuXn. Author of " A Monk of Cruta," "A Daughter of the tlaroni," etc. publisthe by special arrangement with Messrs Ward Lock 4. Bowden, Ltd. [ALL tIGRTS RESERVED]. CHAjPTER XXVI. I "GIVE WARNING.:' By ten o'clock in the morning I had written a letter which eaused me a good deal of trouble and anxiety. It was to Sir Francis Devereur : "The Cottage, Devernx, " Wednesday morning. "DoAR Smin FaScis DTveRIEu, "Y ou will, I am sure, agree with me that the revelation of last evening renders it imperative on my part to leave Devereux st once, or a soon as possible. I most ask yea, therefore, to aoept this note as an Intima tlon of my desire to do so as seon as con vencnt to yourself. "No one could regret more than I do the necessity which has arisen, and I am deeply sensible of all your kindness to myslf and to my sister. But, under the oiromsctances, it would be, of coarse, quite impossible for meto remain here as your agent, nor I am sre would you wish it. As to the other cfer which you were generous enough to make, the answer whlih I gave you at the time is absolutely irrevocable. "With regard to the attempted burglary here last night and assault upon Miss Dsvereunz I shall be prepared to give evi. dance when the man Is charged. There are several matters conneoted with the estate with whloh I will not now trouble you, but which I shall be glad to lay before you or Mr Bensome before I go. My books I am prepared to hand over to my enoaessor or to Mr Bensome a' any moment. "Thanking you again for the uniform. and, I fear, undeserved kindness whih I have always received from you, "I remain, yours obediently, " HUGH Anunur?0oT. "To Cclmnel SirFraucls Deversnx, Bart:'." Having deepatched this, I ordered Black Prince, and rode away to a distant part of the estate to superintend the felling of some timber. As usual, when going any distance, I took some lunch in my pocket, and ate it on a stile whilst the men knocked off for dinner. Just as I had lit my pipe and was preparing to start work again-for I was note afraid of using my hands, and used to take a pleasure in getting through as much as any of the men-I heard the sound of honrses' hoofs on the smooth, wide, velvet award and glancing up qulokly saw that the who'. party from the Court were close upon me, all except Hand and the elders. I drew back Indifferendly to let them pses, and bowed to Lady Olive, who was riding by the side of Franals Deverenx. She started when she saw me. and, detach iug herself from the rest of the party, rode over to me. " Fanoy coming upon you, Mr Arbuthnot, and hard at work too I What are you doing ?" ' Cutting down trees, Lady Olive." " Well, you look in a nice mess," she de elared frankly. " What do yon want to work yourself forf It's a shame that you should." I laughed at her indignation, thinking only that her flashed oheeks made her look ancommonly pretty. "I like working," I answered. "What w?uld you have me do ! Shank about with my hands in my pockets all day ?" "I don't know," she said, hotly. "Bnt when I think of that idle, lazy young Francis dawdling his life away, doing nothing except ape a man about town, and then think of you working hard every day, and remember who you are, it makes me feel angry. Do you know, I longed just now to push him out of his saddle. Is wouldn't take much, I don't think." I laughed outright, but Lady Olive re malned serious. "Well, perhaps yon'II be better pleased to hear that I am going to give up working \--here, atany rate,"I said. "Of coorse I can't stop now." She looked steadily between her horse's earn, growing a shade paler, and I leaned against the stump of an oak.tren wondering how a riding-habit could have been made to fit so well, and admiring her dainty little figure. "When are you going?" she asked, suddenly. I shrugged my shoulders. "As soon as Sir Franoia will let me. I hate 'given warning."' She looked down at me, and spoke a little hurriedly, but with a frank, sinoere look in her flushed face. "Mr Arbuthnot-I suppose I must call you Mr Arbuthnot-I think yours is the saddest story I have ever heard. I want you to let me tell you that I feel for you, as munh as any one possibly could do, and I think you are behaving splendidly, just at I would have my own brother behave if he were in the same position." I felt more moved even than I should have cared to own, for I was just In that mood when kind words were sweet, and I had always liked Lady Olive. "You are very good," I said, warmly. "Belive me, It is a great pleasure to me to hear yeoun say this." "Have you any idea yet where you are going r she asked, "or what you are going t do!" Ishook my head. "To London, first, nd then I shall try and disover my father, and get him to let me throw in my lot with his. Somehow I think that I shall end by being a soldier. It's in the blood, I suppose." "Mr Arbuthnt," she said, frankly, stretching out her hand, "may we not be friend,! I have never asked so much of a mao before, but, bhnt--" Itnek her little hand, and did not at onc release it "I shallbe always glad to think of you asou ," I said, warmly; "but I'm afraid it in't very likely that we shall meet again after I leave here. My life and yours will lie very far part." "I'm not so anre of that,' she answered, with an attempt at gaiety. "Irm going to travel about a good deal next year; and and Mr Arbuthnot," she added, oolonring . little deeper, "I know you'll forgive me for asaylag it, but my father-he's am bsudoa at Rome now, you know-has a good deal of Influence in London, and eqpeoally at the Foreign Office, and if there was anything he coiuld do for yon oh, you know what I want to cay," she broko et, suddenly, and looking away that I might not see the tears in her eyes. "Yoen may waent to try and get some appointment abroad or something, or ev'n i yon deolded to go into the army, he might be nuseful to youea, and he would do asnthing I asked him. He is very kind, and-and it would make me vr y happy to feel that we were helping you a little." Was it so great a sinthat for a moment I longed to draw that tearful little face down tomine and klss it I had never been in the least danger of falling in love with Lad Olive, bright and fascinsting though bhe w, but at that moment It occurred to mthat the man who won her would be a very fortunate man indeed. "Lady Olive," I said, earnestly, "I -carcely know how to thank you. I cannot tell you how much I feel your koidneos. I shall take you at your word, and write you ever Ineed any help, and if I do not I 1shall always like to think of your offer." 8he smiled down at me beamingly. I am so glad you're not offended. Of ounre I shall see you again before you go, and I will bring you down a card with my address in London, Good-bye. No, ao renoir." She tonabed her horse with the whip and alloped away after the others .und the bright winter's day seemed to me less bright when she had gone. I watched her out of eight, and at the bend of the grassy road she turned round in her saddle and waved her whip. I returned her farewell with my hat, then, when she disappeared, I went baok to my place amongst the men. and worked till the perspiration streamed down my face, and I was obliged to take off my coat and hang it on a branch of a fallen tree. But I felt all the better for it, for it has always seemed to me, as It did then, that hard physical labour is the most magnificent relaxation for an over-wrought mind. When the son set and oar day's work was over, I was stifi and my arms were sore, but my heart was lighter than it had been since this crisis had come. I stood fi Ing my pipe and ohatting to the foreman whilst one of the labourers had gone for my horse, until he, too, followed the others, and I was left alone. At least I thought so, but I was mis. taken. A voice, croaking and weak, al. most at my shoulder, suddenly startled me, and I turned round to find an old woman, bent double leaning on her stick, with her bead.like eyes fixed upon me. "Who be'at you 2" she said. "Be you him as they call the agent 2' I acknowledged that it was so, and that my name was Arbuthnot. " It's a lot," she answered, deliberately. "Dosoe think that Sarah Milaham knaw'st not a Devereux when she seest one! Be'st thou Muster Herbert's son? God bless him." I looked around anxiously, but there was not a soul In sight. "Thou be'et a son o' my Mr Herbert"' she mattered. "I knaw'st thou be'st so like him that I thought thee was a ghost. boy. What be'st thou a doing here? Wherel't thy father 2" "Abroad, mother, sines you know me. Who are you 2" "Who be I" she Ise ghed, a mirthless. unpleasant laugh. " Wh, thee hasn't beard of Sarah Milsham! I nursed your father when he were a baby. What be'st a doing here, boy Hast come to kill Baupert Deverernx " " He deserves it," I cried, hotly. "So afore God he does," cried the old hag, tremulously, "and die he will, for I ha' seen the mark o' death upon his fore. head. But it'll be no by your hand, no by your hand, boy. What be'st a doing here ? Go to thy father, boy I Why hut left him alone?" "I am going," I answered. "Please God I shall be with him before many months." "Ay, go, boy, go," she quivered out, "and tell him this from me. Tell him that sure as Dsverenx Court Is built upon a rook, I, Sarah Mllaham, shall live to see him here again. Sure as that limb of hell, Rupert Deverenx, bears the seal of death upon his forehead, so sure the day will come when the whole country shall welcome him home again, and old Sir Francis shall be proud t' own him for his son. Tell him Sarah Mil. sham said so." She hobbled away into the wood and commenced picking up sticks. I would have fodlowed her, but she held out her hind to prevent me, and would not answer me when I spoke. So I mon,'ed Black Prince and galloped away homewards. When I entered Marian's room I saw that she had a viitor. Sir Franois Deverenx was leaning back in my easy chair, laughing at one of my sister's quaint speeches, and she was handing him a oup of tea. CHAPTER XXVII. sre FRACIS D uEVFPBaUX' APPEAL. Of all the contingencies which had nocurred to me, this was one which I had not oonsidered, for only once since I bad been its occupant had Sir Francis called at the cottage. But his greeting was even a Greater surprise to me. "Hugh, my boey," he said, rising and holding out his hand, "I have come down to have a chat with you, and Miss Marian has been giving me some tea." Something in his look, his aooent, and his words warned me that the battle of last eight would have to be fought over again. But for a while he talked of nothing, save of last night's strange adventure and minor matters connected with the estate, of the turnip prospects, and the timber felling, until Marian left uas to change her frock. Then, after opening the door for her with I his usual stately courtesy, he returned to the hearth-rag, and with the firelight playing around his tall, slim figure, and with a soft, almes appealing light relaxing the hard lines in his face, he commenced speaking. "Hugh," he said, slowly, "they call me aproud man, but I have come here to beg a great boon from you. Nay, let me go on," I for I would have interrupted him. "Let a me say outright what I have come to say," he continued, stretching out his hands as though to silence me. "I want to tell youn I a little of my history." "You know, perhaps, that I was married s twice. To you I do not mind admitting ] that my iest marriage was an unfortunate a one. Your grandmother was the only | woman I ever loved, and it was her son who I kook her place in my heart-not Ropert's E mother, much less Rapert himself. Perhaps , I am much to blame, but none the less It is a fact that the death of my second wife gave i no little sorrow, and I have never been able to feel towards Report as a father i should feel towards his son. And since that day when I knew that it was his evidence [although he was right to give it) which had i brought irretrievable disgrace upon the name of Davereux, I have never been able -I say It to my shame-I have never been i able to bear the sight of him." Sir Francis walked restlessly to the other and of the room, and then, returning, took op his old position. "For twenty years, Hugh, I have been a lonely, unhappy man. Gradually I began to lose all pride and interest in our family same, and even the Court itself, every stone of which was once dear to me. Everything that had made life endurable for me and pleasant had gone. My pride in, and love for, my son who had gone away with my bleesing to be where a Devereuz should always be, in his country's battles, was Euddenly blasted for ever. He disgraced our long line of ancestors, disgraced himself and me, and instead of falling on his sword, as he should have done, came home here, turned out of the army-a Devereox turned out of the army, tobeg for my forgiveness i " My heart was burning, but I judged it1 wisest to hold my peace. He had thrown his head back, and his eyes were sparkling with anger. His frowning face was s stern uad hard as marble, and, old man though he was, he looked terrible. For a moment there wao sileneoo, and then he went on " Enough of him I If it had been Rupert I might scme day have forgiven him. But Herbert, my eldest seon, who at my death must be the head of the Devereuxs-oh, it Sa cursed, oruel thing I" He turned his bcok upon me, and I heard a sort of gasping sob. I made a pretence of stirring the tire, and when I had finished he was himself again. "For twenty years," he went on. "I have lived alone with a leade. weight of misery dragging me down almost to the grave. And yet I have struggled against death for the simple rea=on that the thought of that disgraced man who was once my son calling himself the head of the Deverenxs, and laying down to rest within the walls of Daverenx Court, has kept me hanging on to ife, My son a coward I To run away from the enemy l My God, what had I done to deserve this ?" "He was not a coward," I interrupted, passionately. "Rupert lied! I know he lied I He was jealonus i John Hilton has confessed to me I ' Sir Francis shook his head sorrowfully. "The word of a servant discharged with ot a character is worth very little, especially when it is directed agalnEt his master," he aeid. " No, Hugh, my boy, if you had lived as long as I have, and hbd been a soldier, you would know that a court.martial never errs. It never convicts except on overwhelming evidence. and its judgments are absolute. General Luxton came to ser me when he returned to England, and from him I learned the andoubted truth." I remained sllent, One might as well have talked to the Sphinx as to this coldly obstinate, dogmatio old soldier: "I have come to make you an offer, Hugh," he went on in an altogether different tone of voice. ''or rather to make you a request, and I beg you to remember that it is one which lies very near an old man's heart. I am childless and lonely, and weary of seeing none but girls' faces around me. Come and live with me as my grandson I Let that subject, on which we can never agree, be buried between us I Why should you go away on a wild goose chase t Devereux Court is your natural home. Come and live there." I stood up and faced him. He was very much in earnest, I could see, for the long white hand which rested open the ohimney piece was. shaking, and his eyes were eagerly searching my face for its answer; but what It read there could not have been enoouraging, for I never wavered for an instant. "Sir Prancis," I, asked, firmly, "does a Devereux ever break his oath or neglect his duty?" He shook his head. "Never I" "Neither will I, then," I answered; "my duty would never urge me to renounce my father, whose innocence I firmly believe in, and if I did I heould break my oath, Sir Francis. I feel for you, and I love Dsverenx. But what you ask I distinctly and absolutely refuse." He walked to the window, and stood there for a moment gaing soross the park, with his hands behind him. Then he turned round suddenly and commenced drawing on his dog.akin gloves. He held himself up in his usual stiff, soldierly manner, but I could see that he was hurt and deeply disappointed. " More than I have said I cannot say," he remarked, quietly. "Good-bye, Hugh; make my apologies to your sister." I walked with him to the door, and watched him walk across the park with head bent more than usual, and slow, weary footsteps. Oh, that I could succeed in my life's desire and bring him home the son he loved I What would I not give to attain my end I And yet, save through my Uncle Rupert, how could I possibly succeed ? My Uncle Rupert I Was it not strange that Mand's father should be the man whom I hated more than any one or anything on earth I CHAPTER XXVIII. GOOD*BYE TO DEVEREUX COURT. Mr Holdern dined with us that evening, and when he and I had the table to our selves, and little clouds of blue smoke began to curl upwards to the ceiling, he made a sudden request to me. "I want you to let me have Marian at oncu," he said. " Why not let us be mar ried before you go away F' I raised but few objections, for the plan suited me. But Marian, when we told her, protested that a month was much too soon. Strangely enough, however, when I took her view, and rescinded my consent, she went over to the other side; so I gave in, and it was settled as they wished. An aunt of Mr Holdern's was written for, and arrived in a few days in a most excited state, with two tin trunks and a box of cape. A dressmaker took up her abode in our other spare room, and peace at the cot tage was at an end. Even in my sanctum I was never safe, for Marian would keep waltzing in with her month follof pins and her hair all disarranged, to beseech me to give my opinion as to the draping of a gown, er to inquire shyly, with a blushing face, whether 1 thought Charlie would like this or that I Altogether those few last weeks at the cottage were not quiet ones. Lady Olive came often and assisted eagerly at the grave consultations. But I saw her only for a moment or two now and then, for there were many things on the estatewhichneeded my attention just then, especially as I was going so soon, and I was out most nights till long after our usual dinner-bour. Once Mland came, but I di not see her, and I was glad of it. If it had been pos sible I would have left Dovereux without another word with her. But that was not to be. On the morning before the wedding I saddled Black Prince myself, and took him out for a farewell ride. I would sooner say farewell to a man than a horse any day t The Black Prince had been my chief com panion at Dovereex, and a very faithful one too. He had never been the same to anyone else, they told me; in fact, he had got the name of being a boate, but when ever I entered the stable he would whinny and rub his head against my coat-sleeve, holding it there sometimes, and looking up I at me out of his mild, brown eyes as though imploring me to take him out. And now I was riding him for the lasttimo I For the t last time I watched him stretch out his legs t for a gallop, and felt him bound away , under me as he thundered over the turf. r For the last time be picked up his legs as r lean as a Leicestershire hunter, and flew g over the park railings like a bird. And then who should we meet, as though to spoil our ride, hut Maud and her father cantering over the moor towards us, Maud d with flashing eyes and a color springing I into her soft cheeks as she waved her whip c ever so slightly, with a half-imperative ges tare. But I would see none of it. What had Black Prince and I to do with them P Nobly he answered mywhisper, and cleared the high stone wall which separated us, and left them on their way to the house, C whilst he and I flew on towards the deco- 1 late moorland, heedless whither we went, so that we were alone. Three days more and I shall be away out of temptation, out of Paradise, alone in the world, with my life's work before me. What matter I Barish such thoughts -away with them ! Away with that sweet, sad face, with its proud lips and sorrowing eyes l What are these to my Prince and I, whilst we fly across the moorland, over hedges and fences, with the earth skim ming beneath and the wind-ewept sky clear and bright abovesl Live the present! Bury the pastl Wel:ome the future 1 Regrets and haunting memories are the plagues of the devil. The Black Prince and I will have none of them. 1 AhI that was a wild ride. The wonder to me now is that we ever reached home safely. But we did, and when we got there I led him into the stable myself, and took the bit out of his mouth, and the saddle from his back. I watched him much his corn, and daintily thrust his nose into the bucket of chilled water, and when I turned away and walked into the house there wase a lump in my throat. I A gentleman was waiting to see me in my study, I was told-and without asking his name, and with very little curiosity, I crossed the hall and entered the room. Taen I gave a great start, and my fingersa closed upon my riding-whip, for upon the hearthrug, hat in hand, stood my Uncle rupert. Had he not have been Maud's father I should have taken him by the neck and thrown him from the house. As it was, I stood waiting with the door in my hand and an angry sparkle in my eyes. " You are not pleted to see me, Mr Ahrbuthnot," he began, nervously. "I did not expect that you would be. But my daughter tells ms that she has scarcely thanked you for your gallant behavior the other night, and, as her father, I trusted that I might be permitted to come and ciffer you my most heartfelt thanks." And this was my Uncle Rupert I this tall, thin man with the eager eyes and I oervous manner, and sad, sweet tones. , For, although I hated him, I could not help notlosog that I had nover heard a man's voice more pleasant to listen to. Whence ' had come the affooted manners and thinly veiled snobbism of my couesin Franois ? Not from his father. "I fear that Mir Deverenr, in her very I natural terror, has exaggerated the services I was fortunate enogh to be able to render her," I answered, icily. "I trust that ese I has reocrered from the sheck." " Quits, thank you. Mr Arbuthnot, there ses another reason which brought me here. All through my llfe-whlch has been a motl ,nhappy one -I have constantly been I troubled with the reflection that though innocently (that you will not believe, but no matter), I was the cause of poor Herbert's -youn father's trouble. If I could render his son even the slightest service it would be a great happiness to me. You are going to Lndon, I hear. You know no one there, and you have no friends. Could you not make my house your home? You will not take the name of Deverenx, I hear, but Mr Arbuthnot would always be a welcome and an honored guest." "You have a oonsoience, then, Rupert Devereaux !" I said, quietly. He looked at me appealingly, flushing to the very roots of his hair. "I scarcely understand," he began, hesitatingly. " Let me explain, then," I sald, looking at him steadily. "It seems to me that, having wrecked my father's life by a deliberate conspiracy, you are now seeking to expiate that most damnable sin by con ferring favors upon his son. It will not do, Rupert Devereux 1I" I should have pitied him had he been any other man, for he stood there looking distressed and disappointed. But, remem bering who it was, I watched dhim with a bitter, sneering smile. "Then there is nothing more to be said, I suppose," he remarked, with a sigh. "I had better go." "You had better go," I echoed. "The only words I shall ever care to hear from your lips will be a confession of your vil lainous lie. I cannot believe that you will have the courage to die with that foul sin on your conscience." He moved his position, and then for the first time I remarked bow like he was in the outline of the face and the features to Mand. But the likeness softened me not one whit towards him, whilst it made me feel harder towards her. He moved towards the door with a de jecteg gesture. "You are very hard," he said in a low tone, "very hard for one so young. But I daresay that, according to your view of the matter, you are right, quite right. If you won't let me help you in any way, you won't. It's only another disappointment in a life of disappointments. I must go, then, Mr Arbuthnot. But if at any time you should change your mind, come to me. I live in Mayfair, London." He walked out, and, without answering his farewell, I opened the door, andlet him go in silence. This was my first interview with my Uncle Rupert. On the morrow Marian was married to Mr Holdern. It was a very quiet wedding down at the village church, but it went off very pleasantly, and Miarian looked charm ing in her plain white satin gown and simple veil. As we were entering the church I had a great surprise. Sir Francis Devereax, in a black frock-coat, and with an orchid in his buttonhole, called me on one side for a moment, and asked for per mission to give away the bride. I would have preferred refusing scoh an unusual request-unusual, at any rate, as it would seem to those who knew us as Mr and Miss Arbuthnot-but he looked so much in earnest that I could not find it inmy heart to hurt his feelings. So, in ignorance of what they were beholding, the villagers of Devereaux saw Sir Francis give his grand daughter away, whilst I, his grandson, stood a few yards behind. A woman once told me that she always felt inclined to cry at weddings and laugh at funerals. I can understand it. There is something in the former exquisitely, though covertly, pathetic; whilst in the latter case tears are so obviously the cor reot thing, that sometimes they absolutely refese to come. I feel certain that the tears were not far from Sir Francis's eyes as he shook hands with us in the church yard. Perhaps they ,were not far from mine. There were presents from nearly every one at the Court. and a sealed envelops from Sir Francis, which, when we opened it,contained a oheque for athousand pounde. I had offered to make over to Marian half of my little income, but Mr Holdern was resolute,(and even peremptory, in his refusal. They would have a good Pdal more money now than they could spend in their quiet country home, and eventually, feeling that Holdern was sincere in his refusal, I had given way, Money would certainly be use ful, nay, necessary, for me in carrying out the course of action on which I had decided. And so I kept it. One day longer I had to spend at Devereax, and a dreary day it was. All the morning 1 was busy balancing accounts with the solicitor to the estate, and in the afternoon I finished my picking. In the evening, after dinner, I wrote a note to Sir Francis, bidding him farewell. He would understand, I said, why I did not come to him personally, An oath was not a thing to be broken, and I had sworn that over the threshold of Devereox Court I would not pass, save with my father. So I was compelled to write him Instead, but I did my best to make my letter as cordial and gratoful as possible, and within an hour an answer came back, short and informal. "Farewell, Hugh, my boy. God bless yenou, wherever you may go, and remember always that though you may call yourself Hugh Arbuthnot, you are still a Devereux of Devereux, and this place is your home whenever you care to make it so.-Ever yours, "Fa?acIs DEVEREYX." Through many lands and many years I carried with me that half.sheot of thick, heavily-orestednotepaper. And yellow with age It reposes now in the secret drawer of my cabinet. I sent no farewell to Maud. It were better not. My Mand she could never be, though never another should take her place. Me she would soon forget; I was not vain enough to think otherwise for a moment. Only yesterday I had seen her riding with that ill-bred prig, Lord Annerley, the son of a lawyer peer, with all his father's innate vulgarity, and never a feather's weight of hie brains. Let her have him if ohe would, him or any other--or let her lirt with him, lead him on by the beauty of her dazzling fair foace and the glances of her deep blue eyes. Let her dirt with him, and then throw him over with a light langh as very likely she would have done me. A fig for all women I An ounce of philosophy would weigh them all down in the scales of reason. But at twenty-four that ounce is hard to get I (To be Continued). 