FREMANTLE V. IMPERIALS THE TREMIERA BEATEN. Tb« battle between th« two local elabe on Fremantle Oral on Salariar waa produotive of one of the keraeit straggles erer wit netsed at the Fort. Public interest daring th« w«*k had centred in th« match between the Fremaatlea and Impariai», si" it was felt it would be the turning peiat aa to whether interest woald be suatarned in f atora game's, or whether ona club waa to hare a monopoly of victories for the remainder of the season. Tho result of the gama extfnplifias tb« troth of th» old sporting adag», " À game's nsvsr won till its lost." QB paper th« Imps, had »ot tho «* ghost" of * chanco, and in . th» minds of FremantU's supper tars before the match oommoaoeá thor* waa not the ahadow of a doubt as te the result. The Impa. ware anything but sanguine of their chances, bat it was with th« determination to do their best that they took the field on Satnrdsy, and right well did they oarry out their intention,- The full strength of the Red and Whites was engaged ia th» combat, albeit the team was »lightly handicapped in having to take part in a matoh so soon after their tussle wita the West Perth. From the bounce it wa« apparent that the struggle waa to be a hard and bitter one. The Imperiale had the benefit of the light north-westerly breeze in the first quarter, and they w»ro th« first to g»t to work. The doughty warrior, Ben Page, however, was a stumbling block ia their path, and by his efforts the initial attack was repulsed. A free kick to Watson ia the oeatre enabled tV,o Fremantle to assam* th» aggressive, and MoUona» tit * j0B*^ of BB,t"'.wÍÜ however, were, reañltlésl, A. »«ry «ITH set- to now began about the centra, th» struggle for aupreaaaeg being very keen. The Imps, wer« the first to prov« their superiority. Manten, whs played hia first game in Western Australia on Saturday, marking from th« rook, bootéd th» leather weil np into tu premiere territory, nero Covaoentoh obtained a "free," ced pat np a behind. "Jeok" Hall, who waa working like a Trojan to get poBieasion of th« ball, was the firit to ragiater a major point. Play beeame very fast after thia, bnt the red and whiteB' were unable to nétoh a tingle point before tb« chango of ends. The aeoond quarter, however, had not advanoed far before Thurgood, by a beautiful mark, obtained poaeeeeion fifty yarde from the goal and equalised the aoore with a fine goal. Quick aa lightning the Imps, responded to a rally and rushing the ball down the field from the bounoe, a behind waa soon aeoured. Charlie Fry marked from the kick off and went one better by booting second goal for the Imp«. Tbe same player waa awarded a free kiok for a push a few minutes later and amidst ringing oheers from the majority cf the epeotators, goal No. 3 wat hoitted for the blue and whiteB. The premiers no * bestirred themselves, and Fag« was applauded for a fine run down the field. He forwarded the loather well into ble op- ponents' territory aud Thurgood kioking the ball from a scrimmage «eut it flying between the behind posts. In play again, Thurgood marked fully 60 yard« from the goal posts and a second goal was acorad for the 'Mantles. The «zoitement after the interval wa« intense. 80 ably did both sides defend their respective oiudels during ibis tem, that only two behind« «ere «eored, «ni «hess were to the credit of the Imperials, Ohe of thea WM obtained br Marnte*., wb« puntsd the ball between the sticke from a short rait gt, bnt as it was tonohed in its course, only a minor point resulted. In the last quartsr Fremantle orowded their men on the ball in the hope of forains; the play. The Imps, were placed en the da fenslre soon after the start and the battle in front of the bine and white's posts wat magnificent. Twa attempts by Thnrgood within a fair range only added a couple of behinds to the Fremantle soore, and when Byers next failed to do the trióle from a try for goal, the red and white's cup of bitter- ness was filiad to overflowing. This was their last opportunity, for the Imps, now swooped down on the besiegers and forced them baok to toe osntre lia«, about whioh the play raged fast and furious to the finish. The Fremantle took their defeat kindly and the game was never unduly rough, is rs gards the umpiring, it is safe to say that in Bertram the association have at last got bold of the right man for the right place. His umpiring on Saturday was faultless, and ba wen the respeot of both players and specta- tors for the very able manner in wbioh he oarried out his onerous duties. Much of the unsightly eorirsmaging on the winga waa done away with through Bertram always throwing the ball well in from " out of bounds." Tba predominant strength of the Imperials is to be fonud in their rook and tho aoouraoy of their kicking. Both teams had seven fair shots for goal. The Imps, made good nee of theirs, the ball going between the big up- rights fonr times, whereas the Fremantle team oonld only do the nt edi ul twiee. The latter's goa's, however, were real beauties, kicked by Thnrgood from 50" and 60 yarda respectively. In Morrison, Covaoeritoh, and Fay the Imps, have tLreo followers of the first water, and it waa chiefly due to their sterling play, assisted by the best efforts of every other member of the team, that tho Imps, were enabled to oarryeff the honoarsof the day. Benson, Keenan, and Mnllanay were a very strong trio in defence. Fry and Hail wera indefatigable workers in attacking, and Tedd's high marking waa very fine. Webb put in a lot of useful work, oas of bia dashes in the third quarter being heartily applauded. Kelly waa aleo in rare niok, .specially in tho latter half, and H. Walker played a good game on the centre wing. Callen, whose disqualification was removed by the Associa'ion on Friday evening, played for the Imperials, bat did not shine. On tbs losing side, the most nsef al player was Thnrgood, whether in defenee, following, or playing forward he was always prominent, and with tbs exception of on« behind, scored by Byers, he registered all the Fremantle points. Next ta Thnrgood, Ben Page, and Byers were the stoat brilliant players for Fremantle. Watton also worked very hard in the interests of fats team, and Doran was very aotive at half-forward. Prioe, Duggan, Fanant, Mulgrave, and Chadwiok wera all prominent at d fferent stages of the game. McDonald was not np to his boat form, and performed indifferently. Ike following ara detailed acores : Quarter time : Imperiale, 1 goal 1 behind ; Fremantle, nil. Halftime: Imperials, 3 goals 2 behinds. Fremantle, 2 goals 2 behinds. Three-quarter time: Imperials, 3 goals 4 behinds ; Freautktle, 2 goals 2 behinds. Final result: Imperials, 3 goals ?* behinds. Fremantle, 2 goals 5 behinds. Ctoalkiokers: Imperiale-Fry X2). Sall; Fremantle-Thurgaod (2). 