MOAT CROFT ; OR, THE GHOST OF A CRIME. By A. E. HOOPER. CHAPTER. I. A STORMY CHRISTMAS EVE. It was a five-mile' ride to Silcoat Hall ■from, the nearest station, and with the snow lying: thickly on the ground and • the wind blowing boisterously, it seemed double that distance. I had looked forward to a brisk gallop along the frost-hardened road, and had hoped •to reach the Hall before the usual fun of Christmas Eve commenced; but it had been snowing heavily air day, and by the.time I alighted,at the Jlttle junc "tion, all the roads and the, surrounding' country were blotted from sight, and on mounting the only horse procurable at the Station Inn, I found that the snow •was above the beast’s fetlocks. There was nothing for it but to make the best of the disappointment; so, pull ing the lappets of my fur travelling-cap well down over my ears, and turning up my coat-collar, I bent my head to the almost blinding blast, and spurred my horse into a canter. It was not long' before I discovered that I was mounted upon a knock-kneed, broken-winded, steed, whose frequent stumblings''"and hoarse gaspings addled to the, mi scry of iny almost frozen hands and the razor like sliarpness of the wind. Power of endurance is, after all, very . inuch a matter of habit. I Jvnew_ very well, that a farmer, a shepherd,' “or" a sailor, used to being weather-beaten, would have laughed at the discomfort I felt during that evening ride. But I was a city man, in the habit of getting into a cab whenever the weather did not suit me, arid the desolation and loneli ness of this tract of snow-covered country . increased . tenfold_r. .the „ un ' pleasantness of the wind and ithe. snow. ' ■ I consoled myself with the reflection that on ’Change or in a crowded London thoroughfare.I could give points to the farmer, the shepherd, or the.sailor, and heat them all easily. Cowards for the most part are those who have not been . trained to courage. I kept up my heart for a time by anti cipations of the comfort awaiting me at the end of my ride. I had been a Christmas guest at Silcoat Hall for the last three years, and I.knew, what to •expect. There would be the-old, silver iiaired squire himself, stout, florid, arid genial—the very soul of hospitality; and -his lady, a gentlewoman of the old • ■school, with her fine olei face beaming .welcome, her antique dig'nity and cour tesy, serving as an admirable foil to the bluff frankness of the master of the house., Than J should meet Tom Sil coat. my special chum since the H'in ' Chester days, and together we should fight again our ’Varsity battles, which seemed to belong to such ancient his tory, though the last of them was scarcely two years old. Besides these, there would be the girls, and the married brothers and sisters, the uncles and aurts, and hosts of grand-children, .who always gathered together at Silcoat at this season of the year. Tes, it ..would be a glad meeting, and a “merry Christmas,” well worth this misei-able ride. I biotured to_ myseJ* the great jS-'-norr, _ _ Tlcoats dead ~ancf"~gone, find the stands of armour .worn and borne, by the soldiers of the family: and, as the picture rose vividly before me. I spurred my horse into a .quicker pace. It was a thoughtless, not to say a "'“brutal, act, arid I suffered for it; The '■ poor beast, more willing thanicapable, broke into an awktVar'd- gallop,' sighing like a blacksmith’s bellows, and then, quite suddenly.he stumbled and pitched forward upon his knees, flinging me far over his head into a^deep drift'of-show. Thankful for the first' time for'the' snow, which had given me a soft fall, and saved my bones, I scrambled to my feet, and proceeded to help up my sorry "steed; He had fallen lame, and as he •stood in the middle of the road, panting , and trembling in every limb, I cursed my folly in refusing Tom Silcoat’s offer to meet me with horses. Being uncer tain of my time for leaving, town, I had made up my mind to trust to my own feet or to the chance of finding a horse at the Station Inn; and here I was, two miles from the station'and three from Silcoat, nearly up to jny knees in snow, 'shivering at every'fresh blast of the icy wind, and burdened-with a disabled horse. Two things were clear to me. I could not leave the poor beast to its fate, and I would not go back to the inn. So I seized the bridle, and walked onwards at a slow pace, with my . asthmatical •steed sighing ar& limping along beside ’ me. How long I had been plodding ■ along I do not know, but probably I had • not covered more than half a mile when ‘.I caught sight of a light twinkling ahead' of me. I then remembered to have no ■'ticed. on former visits, that there was a little roadside inn, midway between the -junction, and Silcoat Hall: alnd the thought of being near to; any place of shelter put fresh life into me. and -I ' strode forward as qucikly as my lame horse could go. Ten minutes later I halted in the midst Of the stream of yellow light which flow ed across the road from the uncurtained windows of the inn parlor. A shout . brought an ostler to the door, arid when I had given directions for the care of . iriy horse, and had seen him led away . .to the stable. I went into the bar of the \- Travellers’ Rest. 