LONDON LETTER GOSSIP FROM FOSOPLIS. LONDON, NOVEMBER 27. (From Oar Own Correspondent.) Truly indeed can the title be ?»orii by London just now »3 the City of Dreadful Day, for the fogs of the past week have bt en intense in tbeir inky blackness, turning day into a mild specimen of Dante's Inferno, wherein the forms of men and women move about in a ghost-like way through the impenetrable gloom. The many friends of Mr. " Charlie " Kaufman will be glad to learn that he is now in much better health, having shaken off the effects of over-work and of ihe recent operation he underwent. Mr. Kaufman, it is expected will presently be afforded an opportunity to appear before the public, and he can be depended on to give the British people a lot of interesting information about the Weetralian Goldfields, and his experiences there. I learn that the Hon. Mrs. Candy is about returning to Wtstralia, and as this lady h*s already prominently identifi d herself with the mining industry it is not improbable tuat the rumi rs now going about regarding the object of her rt-visiling W.A. may have a good deal in them. Mrs. Caady will make a stay at P-rth as she has large interests tht-r<?, and is the possessor of a considt-rab!e amount of house property in that city. There is a good story being told in Lond »n concerning a Westra'ian, who is now on his way to the Sunny South, and who. before this reaches yon, will, I trust, hare landed his 16 stone of good nature among you safe and sound. Two recent ariivais from quartz-land had just alighted from a cab at the London Empire Music Hall, the Mecca o± Coolgardians—and had cnly just dismissed cabby when one of them remarked— "Confound it all, I did so want to ride on the underground, and here it is right under our feet—where's the station constable ?" This to a man in blue, " What station, Sir ?" " Why, the underground station, to be sure, where the rumbling is 1" Oh, no !" said the bobby, that's not a train— " Dutch Daly is inside telling a funny siory, and Frank SmalJp.ge is in front to-night." Blauk and his wife—both Westralians —had just decided, as the London market threatened to remain in a ttate of depression for some time to come, that they could not do better than take a run to Germany, e at a certain sanatorium the hot salt baths have a high reputation for medicinal properties. Said Mr. Blank to yonng Daih, to whom he is related, " By the way—whj" not take a run over with us 1 You haven't br.ea to visit us much in London ; but ever there you'll be able to see more of me and jny wife than when we return." ~ " Ah, yes—good idea," said yonng Da&h;, who has a knack of putting Lis foot into it; " yes, I'll come over, and do the baths with you ar.d Mrs. Blank ; and then, as you say —I shall he able to see more of you both." And then they both wondered why everybody else laughed ! The Coolgardie friends of Mr. W. J. Partridge (" Sailor Bill") will be sorry to learn that he is in very indifferent health, and the doctors lightly attribute his illness as the result of worry and overwork. A change of air is recommended, and it is possible that " Bill " will sho; tly take a voyage out to Australia to recuperate. The weather in London just now ie most depressing, and is very trying to Australians staying here. One of the sights of London, which, by the way, is rarely if ever seen by the ordinary visitor, is tbe Open-air Debating Society at St. Katheriue's Dock, where every Sunday an immense crowd gathers to listen to the various speakers, whose orations vary from time to time as subjects crop up upon which the assemblage desires to be c; lightened. But the peculiar part of the stamp oratory is that the closure is here enforced in a most novel and efficacious manneh The speaker is mounted upon the swing-arm. of a dock-gate whifh overhangs the water, and here he stands and delivers his speech, good or bad, to his auditors. Time is strictly kept by a p- rson appointed for that purpose, and as soon ae that functionary decides that any gentleman has had the floor long enough, time is called. If the si eak'-r then refuses to get down, the crow.i pr»-ss against the gate, and the urm os whLh the obstinate one is star.diug i-; swung out over tbe wafer, where it strikes a moo, ing-post, and tbe shock ton timfs out of twelve—upsets the pig- headed orator into the dock. Such a means of applying the closure is, of course, impossible in Coolgardie, but the above calls to mind an incident apropos of s'ump speeches wbicb occurred in Bayley-strect about the end of "93. Tbe b..y6 had, by a judicbus application of whisky and birraek, induced an indn ida.l who shall be known as Potty to off. r himself as a caiid date for parliament iry honors, and had been rewarded for their efforts by hearing a speech in which hiocups played a dominant part. Mounted on a dray which was perilously balanced by its prop legs, the orator had reached that portion of his speech which deals with the character of the voter— " Gentlejnen !" he shouted bn-kily, " I shee before me spectable minUh who have intt-lligensh breathing from ev«ry pore.—I shee men who ha^e all the attributch of nobility all the grand " Just then they kicked tbe props away, and Potty went down on the ground ; but only for a second, he was up a?aiu aud on the wheel before the dust had cleared—shaking one fist in the faces of the crowd, aad hanging on by tbe other, he yelled—" Yere a mangy lot of uncultivated 1 !! t ! t I " Although three years and a half will have rolled by ere the opening of the great Exhibition of 1900 takes place, the preliminary works have alrta^y b en entered upon in real earnest. There is now no doubt that every effort wili be made by the authorities to render this world's show even more brilliant than its predecessors, and signs are not lacking to demonstrate that they will be zealously seconded iu their exertions by the c mmercial element and by the public at large. Parisians are never so happy as when their gay city is thrown outirsto broad relief as the great centre of attraction, and they are looking forward with pride and enthusiasm to the date when foreigners will flock to this metropolis from every point of the compass ; when hotels, present and future—for, as you have been informed, thzre is a novel and significant move in the direction of the organisation of more vabt caravanserais —will be thronged with visitors, and when the boulevards and loading thoroughfares will be as full of varied samples of humanity as in tbe sninmer of 1889 and in the earlier part of last month. An ingenious novelty in the way of a material to be used for making flooring, wainscotting, &e.;, has recently been invented in Germany. It is a special preparation of paper pulp soli in the form of dry powder, which, when desired to be used, is mixed with water like ordinary cement, and spread over tbe surface which it is intended to cover. It is claimed for it that it not «=nly dries quickly, but that it can be stained or tinted with most colors, thus adapting it for parqueterie work. It pres n(s aa additional advantage, according to the claims of the investor, iu that it can be smoothed with a plane as il it were wood, while the method of laying it insures not only that no crevices will be left to harbor d<rt and gerjis, but that its employment- tends to deaden noise of feet. It possesses a high degree of elasticity, and considerable durability, as well as the by no means insignificant advantage of being very incombustible. The " Berliner Tageblatt" makes a remarkable statement ipith reference to the relations of the military and civilians in Germany, to which so much attention has of ia'e been attracted owing to the debates in the Keich&tag.; It says that in his speech at therecent swearingin of recruits, the Emj eror ref rrei to the Briisewitz case, and warned the officers against compromising the honor of their pcsltl n by appearing in public excited by wine. Officers under such circuaif-tam es would do well to remain at their clubs under the control cf elder comrades. Should, however, an officer be obliged to act in selfdefence, and to make use of his sword, he was to d<> so in the most effective manner. Under the present circumstances the Imperial words, and especially the last sentence, are (remarks the Berlin correspondent of the (i Daily News'' who transmits the rt-poit) so astonishing that the responsibility for their correctness must be left to the above-mentioned paj tr. A romance of an extraordinary description threatens to become poblic property. THB is the story : The younger brother of a peer married a young German woman in Calcutta and brought her to England. Soon afterwards the man left for America, and in less than twelve months his wife received a message to th? effect that he was dead. To her estonishm< nt, how- ever, during the late London season she -aw a portrait of her departed husband in an illustrated paper, along w th that of a Jady to whom he had jnst, according to the report, been married. Proceeding- ave said to be pending. The Irish people are beginning to realise at last something of the scandalous manner in which this country has been fleeced by the " predominant partner"" in the matter of taxation ever sir.ee the so-called union was sncct-s5- fully jobbed into existence. With remarkable unanimity and determination tile imin diate. rt dress of this shameful financial wr<»i;g is now being eternly demanded All the local representative ai.d corporate bodies throughout Ireland are passing strong resolutions upon the subject. Once sgain North and South are united. Therefore, restitution and revision must necessarily come, that without much farther delay. and A few months since Italy, as is well known, had a furious quarrel with Brazil. An inaocent reader of the telegrauhed summaries of the Rio and Rome newspaper opinion might have imagint d that war was only a matter of day . Eventually, however, i taly put hei- demands i;:to writing. She wantei, Bret, 24,000 contos of xeis, cash down, and, second, full satisfaction for the insult to her colors. This morning it is unexpectedly announced that the two Governments have come to terms. But mark how quiet inquiry and negotiation have set down demands made in a moment of national irritation. Itily accepts' not 24,000 but 4,000 contos of reis : as for the ijisul ed Italian flag, it tnrns out <0 have been a baudke-rchief ! Swiftly following the fudden deaths of tbe Archbishop of Canterbury cud of Dr. Wynne, the Protestant Bishop <.f Killaloe, comes the li>Hi;ss of the sudden death ol tbe Ivish Banian Catholic Bishop of Iio:-?, Dr. Fitzgerald The Bi hop bad only arrivfd home about a f.jrti ight sgo from his usual quii.quenr.ial visit to Rome, and one of his last acts was to write a jniulic letter when sending a munificent contribution to the'Irish Pailiamentsry Fund and to deliver a message from the Pope rejoicing at the success of the iecect Irish Race Convention, and imploring Irishmen to make an end of dissensions within the Irish National ranks. Mile, des Glayecld. a young French actsess living in the Rue Royale, has been the victim of a theft wi ich was carried out with exceptional iugenuity. A month ago a gentlemanly man Cazaubon rented some furnished rooms at 18 AveuueKleher, payicg down 550f. for a months rent in advance. He described himself as the agentof Watson and Co., money lenders, of London and New York, and issued a circular that the firm would grant loans on jewellery or other valuables, leaving the same in the hands of their owners. Mile des Glayeuls at the suggestion of Cazaubon, took her jewel case t > the Avenue Kleber where the pseudo agent declared that' he would lend 20,000f. on them if the expert, who was in the adjoining room, valued them at 50,000f. She consented, and after waiting a quarter of an hour discovered that Cazaubon had decamped, and that she was alone in the house. The tli.f is said to be an American from New Orleans, where a robbery of a similar kind was recently committed. Hermann Zeiumg, the Teutonic taiior, who some years since travelled as luggage from Viem a to Paris has been repeating his pranks. This time he reached Rome from Basle in a box. He was forfsix days cramped up in the case, and was utiable to move when the lid was lifted by the railway porters, who bad been attracted by his cries for help. He had to be conveyed to hospital for treatment, aud on recovering his consciousne s, for he was nearly dazed, he said that be performed the strange and per lous journey for the puipose cf drawing attention to an apparatus which he has invented for taking measures for suits of clothes. 1 he tailor wili no doubt endeavor to exhibit himself to the Italians as " The man in a trunk," a title by which he was known during bis stay in Pari?, where he was well treated after his journey from the baLks of the Danube to those of the Seine. Pfit ce Alexander of Teck, Second Lieutenant of the 7th Hussars, appears to be a keen soldier from the account a newspaper correspondent gives of him ; but he is disappointed of the operations iu South A frica as neither he nor his troop could " get a fair clai.ce at the Matabelc He Has tired of only killing a stray Matabele here aiid there." "Oi eof my men," said tbe Prince, "accomplished a good feat the other day. We saw a handful of rebels. We. went for them and rode them down. One of theai went for one of my men with a battleaxe, whereupon the latter made ' Cut one,' and severed the unfortrnate rebel's head from his body."' The Piu.ce docs j;ot appear to have had the good fortune lo be present at the blowing up of one of the • aves in which n en, w ( men, and children had taken re'ugc. In these cases the m mgled victims were buried uncounted among the shattered rocks. On the day whea the meeting to protest against atrocities on Armenians was held in St. James's Hall, then took } lace an engagement described as "sharp"— one troopi r was killed, aud cue wounded. Th- Matsbele were driven iut • caves, and tbe des* atch endtd," Ca; ta : n Pease is nov? endi jivoring to blow up the caves with dynamite." V. t uoue of thedig-'iScd clergy who we- burning for revenge upon the Tu;ks had a word to say against these proceedings.. It is no wonder we are sometimes accused of blowing hot aud cold with the same mouth. An atrocity in one quarter of the world is Imperial warfare in another," even when the troops are used to ir.flict Mr. Rhodes's " everlasting lr-sson" upon these feeble fo^k. How feeble they are, and what sort of warfare it has been, is apparent from the eaee with which negotiations were concluded with the " rebels" when it was found convenient. The diamond mines'at Kimberley formed the subject of a lecture by Professor W. Crookes at the Imperial Institute on November 16\. The five famous mines—Kimberley. De Beers. Dutoitspan, Bultfontcin, and M'esselton—arc contained in a circle some three and a half miles in diameter. The " pipes are irregularly shaped, round or ov4, extending vertically downward= to an unknown depth, but retaining the same diameter throughout. They are said to be volcanic "necksfilled from below with an heterogeneous mixture of about SO different kinds of minerals, aud it is in this bluishcolored. hard, clayey mass, or -blue clay," that the diamonds are embedded. The rock out6ide these "pipes," and encasing them is called "reef. 1 ' Accident had hitherto been the great factor in the discovery of diamond mines, as often the " pipe " was hidden under 10ft. or loft, of lately deposited strata. The "pipes" were filled from below after they were formed. The diamonds in each "pipe : differ in character, thus showing that the eruptions were not simultaneous. In 1 St'O the yield of diamonds per load of blue clay in the two richest mines, the Kimberley and De Beers, •were from 1$ to li carat in the Kimberlev, and from l - 2 to 1*33 carat in the De Beers The color of the stone from (he different mines differed consideinblv. 