A Terrible Secret ; OB, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHEROW. I"- " Q By MRS MAY AGNES FLEMING- \ - tthor ®i_nA Woaan'pjp&nfl;/' A Wonderful Woman," "Wed, Yet .No Wife, " &o.;, &o;» I 1 „ CHAPTER XXIV— (Continued.) "Very well," Inez said, quietly; you know what the result will be if by any chance 'Mrs Victor' and Inez Cs.theron tire discovered to be one. But it shall be exactly as you please. Your father is as dead to you, to all the world, as though he lay in the vaults of cnesnoim Church by your mother's side." "My poor mother— my poor, murder ed, unavenged mother! Inez Catheron, you are a noble woman — a brave woman. Was it well to aid your brother to es cape? Was it well, for the sake of sav ing the Catheron honor and the Cathe ron name, to let a most cruel and cow ardly murder go unavenged?" What was it that looked up at him out of her eyes? Infinite pity, infinite sorrow, infinite pain? "My brother," she repeated softly, as if to herself. "Poor Juan! he was the scapegoat of the family always. Yes, Sir Victor, it was a cruel and cowardly murder, and yet I believe in my soul we did right to screen the murderer from the world- It Is in the hand of the Almighty— there let it rest." There was a pause then. "I shall return with you to London, and see my father," he said, as one who claims a right. "No," she answered, firmly, "it is im possible. Stay! hear me out. It is vonr father's own wish." "My father's wish! But " "He cannot express a wish, you would Bay. Of late years, Victor, at wide in tervals, his reason has returned for a brief space — all the worse for him." " The worse for him !" The young man looked at her blankly. " Good heavens, Miss Catheron, do you mean to say it is better for him to be mad?" "Much better such madness as his. He does not think, he does not suffer. Memory to him is torture. He loved your mother, Victor, and he lost her — terribly lost her. With memory returns the anguish and despair of that loss as though it were but yesterday- If you saw him as I see him, you would pray to Heaven, as I do, that his mind might be blotted out for ever." "Good heavens, this is terrible!" "Life is full of terrible things— tra gedies, secrets; this is one of them. In these rare instances of sanity he speaks of you. It is he who directed, in case of your marriage, that you should be told this much — that you are not to be brought to see him until " She paused. "Until—" "Until he lies upon his deathbed. That 'day will be soon, Victor — soon. Those brief glimpses of reason and memory have shortened life. What he suiters in these intervals no words of mine can tell. On his deathbed you are to see him ,not before; and then you shall be told the story of your mother's death. No, Victor, spare me now. All I can tell you I have told. I return home by the noonday train, and before I go I should like to see this girl who is to be your wife. See, I will remain by this , window, screened by the curtain. Can you not fetch her by some pretence or other beneath it; that I may look and judge for myself?" "I can try," he said, turning to go. "I have your consent to tell her my father is alive? I will tell her no more —it is not necessary she should know you are his keeper." "That much you may tell her — It is her right. When I have seen her come .to me and say good-bye." "I shall not say good bye until I say It at Chester station. Of course, I shall Commenoit Publfcatlon Esb/uarjr 14 j see you off. Wait here. If Edith Is able to come out you shall see her. She kept her room this morning with head ache." CHAPTER XXV.— LADY HELENA'S BALL. Sir Victor left Miss Catheron, half- dazed with what he had heard. He went to the drawingroom — the Stuarts and Captain Hammond were there, not Edith. "Has Edith come down?" he asked- "I wish to speak to her for a moment." "Edith is prowling about in the rain somewhere, like an uneasy ghost," an swered Trixy. "No doubt wet feet and discomfort and dampness generally are cures for headache. Or perhaps she's looking for you." He hardly waited to hear her out be fore he started in pursuit. As if favor ed by fortune, he caught a glimpse of Edith's purple dress among the trees in the distance. She had no umbrella, qnd was wandering about, pale and list less, in the rain. "Edith!" Sir Victor exclaimed, "out in all this downpour without an umbrella! You will get your death of cold." "I never take cold," she answered, in differently.- "I always liked to run out in the rain ever since I was a child. I must be an amphibious sort of animal I think. Besides, the damp air helps my headache." He drew her hand within his arm, and led her slowly in the direction of the window where the watcher stood. "Edith," he began, abruptly, "I have news for you. To call it bad news would sound inhuman, and yet it has half-stunned me. It is this : my father , is alive." "Sir Victor!" "Alive, Edith — hopelessly Insane, but alive. That is the news Lady Helena and one other have told me this morn ing. It has stunned me, I repeat. Is it any wonder? All these years I have thought him dead, and to-day I dis cover that from first to last I have been deceived." She stood mute with surprise. His father alive! Madness in the family! Truly it would have been difficult for Sir Victor or anyone else to call this good news. They were directly be neath the window. He glanced up.' Yes, a pale face gleamed from behind the curtains, gazing down upon that other pale face by Sir Victor's side- very pale, very set just now. "Then if your father is alive, he is Sir Victor, not you?" These were the first words she spoke; her tone cold, her glance unsympa thetic. His heart contracted. "He would never interfere with my claims — they assure me of that. Alive in reality, he is dead to the world- Edith, would it make any difference ? If I lost title and estate, should I also lose you?" The beseeching love in his eyes might have moved her; but just at present she felt as though a stone lay in her bosom instead of a heart. "I am not a sentimental sort of girl, Sir Victor," Edith answered steadily. "I am too practical and worldly, per haps, and must own it would make a difference. I have told you that I am not in love with you as yet— you have elected to take me and wait for that. I tell you now truthfully, if you were not Sir Victor I would not marry you. it is best I should be honest- best I should not deceive you. You are a thousand times too good for such a mercenary creature as I am, and if you leave me, it will be serving me right I don't want to break my pro- > mise — to draw back; but I feel in the mood for plain speaking this morning. If you feel that you can't marry me on those terms — and I don't deserve that you should— now is the time to speak. No one will be readier than I to own that it serves me right." He looked and listened, pale to the lips. "Edith, in Heaven's name, do you wish me to give you up?" "No; I wish nothing of the sort. I have promised to marry you, and I am ready to keep that promise; but if you expect love 01 devotion from me, I tell you frankly I have it not to give. If you are still willing to take me, and"— smiling — "I see you are, I am still ready to be your wife; your true and faithful wife from the first — your loving wife, I hope, in the end." They said no more. He led her back to the house, then left her- He has tened to Miss Catheron more sombre even than when he had quitted her. "Well," he said, briefly, "you saw her?" "I saw her. It is a beautiful face, a proud face, a truthful face, and yet " "Go on," he said, impatiently; "don't try to spare me! I am growing ac customed to unpleasant truths." "I may be wrong, but something in her face tells me she does not love you, and" — under her breath — "never will." "It will come in time. With or with out love she is willing to become my wife — that is happiness enough for the present." "You told her all?" "I told her my father was alive and insane — no more. It will make no dif ference in our plans — none. "We are to be married on the first of September. The secret is safe with her." The door opened, and Lady Helena came in hastily. "If you wish to catch the twelve- fifty train, Inez," she said, "you must go at once. It is a long drive from this to the station. The brougham is waiting. Shall I accompany you?" "I will accompany her," said Sir Victor. "You had better return to our guests. They will begin to think them selves neglected." Miss Catheron left the room. In five minutes she re-appeared closely veiled, He gave her his arm, and led her down to the close brougham. They drove rapidly through the rain, and barely caught the train at that. He placed her hurriedly in an empty Carriage a moment before it started. As it flew by he caught one last glimpse of a veiled face and a hand waving in farewell. Then the train and the woman were out of sight. Like a man who walks in his sleep. Sir Victor Catheron turned, re-entered the brougham, and was driven home. »« Three days after — on Tuesday, the 5th of June — Lady Helena Powyss gave a very large dinner-party, followed by a ball, in honor of her American guests. When it is your good fortune to num ber half a county among your friends, relatives, and acquaintances, it is pos sible to be at once numerous and select , The creme de la creme of Cheshire as sembled in Lady Helena's halls of dazzling light to do honor to Sir Vic tor Catheron's bride-elect. For the engagement had hgen for mally announced, and was the choice bit of gossip with which the shire re galed itself. Sir Victor Catheron was fol lowing in the footsteps of his father, and was about to bring to Catheron Royals one of the lower orders as its mistress. It was the Dobb blood, no doubt, crop ping up — these sort of messalliances will tell. An American, too — a governess— a poor relation of some common rich people from the States. The best coun ty families with daughters to marry shook their heads. It was very sad, very sad, to see a good old name and a good old family degenerate in this way; but there always was a taint of madness in the Catheron blood, that accounted for a good deal. Poor Sir Victor, and poor Lady Helena! The eventful night came — the night of Edith's ordeal. Even Trix was a little nervous — only a little. Is not per fect self-possession the normal state of American young-lad j'dom ? Lady Helena was quite pale in her anxiety. The girl was handsome beyond dispute, thoroughbred as a young countess, de spite her birth and bringing up in New England town and Yankee boarding- house, with pride enough for a princess of forty, quarterlngs; hut how. would Bhe come forth from the fiery furnace of all those pitiless eyes, sharpened to points to watch for gauclieries and solecisms of good breeding — from the merciless tongues that would hang, draw and quarter her the instant their owners were out of the house? "Don't you feel nervous, Dithy?" asked Trix.almost out of patience at last with Edith's serene calm. "I do — horribly And Lady Helena has got a fit of the fidgets that will bring her grey hairs to an early grave if this day lasts much longer. Ain't you afraid— honor bright?" "Afraid? No," answered Edith, with a smile. Then she rose and sauntered out of the room, and was seen no more until the waxliglits blazed from end to end of the great mansion, and the June dusk had deepened into dewy night. Then, as the roll of carriages came with out ceasing along the drive, she de scended, arrayed for battle, to find her impatient slave and adorer waiting her at the foot of the grand staircase. She smiled upon him her brightest, most beaming smile, a smile that intoxicated him at sight. "Will I do, Sir Victor?" she asked. Would she do? He looked at her as a man may look half-dazzled at the sun. She wore a dress that seemed alter nately composed of white tulle and blush roses; she had roses in her rich dark hair, hair always beautifully worn. Sir Victor's diamond betrothed ring shone on her finger; round her arching throat she wove a slender line of yellow gold, a locket set with brilliants attached. The locket had been Lady Helena's gift, and held Sir Victor's portrait. Lady Helena Powyss, in sweeping moire and jewels, receiving her guests, looked at her, and drew one long breath of great relief. She might have spared herself all her anxious doubts and fears low born and penniless as she was. Sir Victor Catheron's bride that was to be would do Sir Victor Catheron honor to night. Trix was there— Trix, resplendent in pearl silk half the length of the room, pearl silk, point lace, white camellias, and Neapolitan corals and cameos, en crusted with diamonds. Charley is there, and perhaps there can be no doubt about it that Chailey is, without exception, far and away the best looking man. Charley gazes at his cousin for an instant, on the arm of her proud and happy lover, radiant and smiling, the centre of all that Is best in the room. She lifts hor dark, laughing eyes as it chances, and brown and grey meet full. Then he turns away to a tall, languid, rather passe lady, who is talk ing slowly by his side, who murmurs in his ear: . "How extremely handsome she is. and how perfectly infatuated Sir Victor seems. Poor Sir Victor! what a pity there is insanity in the family insanity is such a very shocking thing. How pretty Miss Stuart is looking this even ing. She has heard— is it true?— can Mr Stuart inform her— are all American girls handsome?" Charley bows, and looks, and replies: "I used to think so, Lady Gwendoline. , I have seen English girls since, and think differently." Oh, the imbecile falsehoods of society! He is thinking as he says it how pallid and faded poor Lady Gwendoline is looking. The ball is a great success for Miss Edith Darrell. The men rave about her, the women may sneer, but they must do it covertly; her beauty and her grace, her elegance and her high breeding, not the most envious dare dispute. Music swells ad floats deliciously; scores are suitors for her hand in the dance. The flush deepens on her dusky- cheeks, the streaming light grows in her starry eyes, she is dangerously bril liant to-night. Sir Victor follows in her train when ever his duties will allow him. When he dances with others his eyes follow his heart and go after her. There is but one in all these thronged rooms for him; one who is his idol, his darling- the pride, the joy, the desire of liis life. "My dear.I am proud of you to-night," Lady Helena whispers once. "You sur pass yourself — you are lovely beyond compare. You do us all credit." And Ediith Darrell's haughty eyes look up for a moment, and they axe flashing through tears. She lifts the lady's hand with exquisite grace and | kisses it. Then smiles chase away tears, J and she is gone on the arm of some de voted cavalier. Once — only once — she dances with Charley. She has striven to avoid him — no, not that, either; it is he who has avoided her. She has seen him— let her be surrounded by; scores, she has seen him — whispering with LadyGivendoline, fanning Lady Gwendoline, flirting with Lady Gwendoline. It is Lady Gwendo- line he leads to supper, and it is aftei supper, with the enchanting strains ol the Strauss waltz fiilling the air, that he comes up and asks for that dance. They float away. To Edith it is the" one dance of the night. She hardly, knows whether she whirls on air or on the waxed floor. She only knows that it is like Heaven, that the music is celes tial, and that it is Charley's arm that ia clasping her close. Will she ever waltz with him again', she wonders, and she feels — feels in her inneromst heart — that she is sinning against he raflianced husband in waltz ing with him now. But it is so delicious. What a pity most of the delicious things of earth should be wrong. If it could only last for ever— for ever! And while she thinks it stops. "Oh, Charley, that was a waltz!" she says, leaning on liim heavily, and pant ing; " no one else has my step as you have it." "Let us trust Sir Victor will learn it," he responds, coolly. "Here he cornea, now. It was a charming waltz, Dithy;1 but charming things must end. Your lawful proprietor approaches; to your proprietor I reBign you." He is perfectly unrtushed, perfectly, unexc-lted. He bows, smiles, yields her to Sir Victor, and saunters away. Flvo seconds later he Is bending over Lady, Gwendoline's chair, whispering in the pink patrician ear resting against the glistening golden chignon. Edith looks once— in her heart she hates Lady, Gwendoline — looks once and no more. And as the serene June morning dawns, and larks and thrushes pipe in the trees, Lady Helena's dear five hun dred friends, sleepy and pallid, get into their carriages and go home. 1 CHAPTER XXVI.— "OH, MY COUSIN, SHALLOW-HEARTED." The middle of the day Is past before one by one they straggle down. Break fast awaits each new-comer, hot and tempting. Trix eats hers with relish. Trix possesses two of the chief elements of perpetual human happiness— an ap petite that never fails, a digestion that, in her own metaphysical American lan guage, "never goes back on her." TT.IMU lnnlr«! fao-P'Ad and sniritle&S.; If people are to be supernaturally bril liant and bright, dashing and fascinat ing, all night long, people must expect to pay the penalty of next day, when lassitude and reaction set in. Sir Victor, looking fresh and recupera ted, strolls in and bends over her. "My dear Edith," he says, "how pale you are this morning— how tired you look. If one ball is going to exhaust you like this, liow vill you stand the wear and tear of London seasons in the blissful time to come ?" She does not blush— she turns a trifle impatiently away from him, and looks out. She can see Charley and Captain Hammond smoking sociably together in the sunny distance. " I shall grow used to it, I daresay. 'Sufficient unto the day is the evil there of.' " "Have you had breakfast ?" "I made an effort, and failed. I watch ed Trix cat hers, however, and that re freshed me quite as well. It was quite invigorating only to look at her." He smiles, and bends lower, drawing one long, brown, silken tress of hair fondly through his fingers, feeling aa though ho would like to stoop and kiss the pale, weary face. But Trix Is over yonder, pretending to read, and kissing is not to be thought of. "I am going to Catheron Royals," he . 11 t h n whispers; -suppose juu . will do you good. I am giving orders about the fitting up of the old place. Did I tell you the workmen came yester day?" "Yes, you told me." "Shall I ring for your hat and parai- sol? Do come, Edith." " Excuse me, Sir Victor," Edith an swers, with an impatient motion. " I feel too tired, too lazy— which you like- to stir. Some other day I will go with pleasure. Just now I feel like lying here and doing the dolce far niente. Don't let me detain you, however." He turns to leave her, with a disap pointed face. Edith closes her eyes, and takes an easier position among the pil lows. The door closes behind him. Trix flings down her book and hursts forth. "Of all the heartless, cold-blooded ani mals it has ever been my good fortune to meet, commend me to Miss Edith Darrell!" The dark eyes unclose and look up at her. w- ' " My fleaT Trix, What 1s the matter "with you now. What new enormity have I committed?" "Oh. nothing new — nothing new at all," Is Trlx's scornful response. "It Is quite in keeping with the rest of your conduct. To be purely and entirely sel fish is the normal state of the future Lady Catheron. Poor Sir Victor, who lias won you— poor Charley who has lost you— I hardly know which I pity most." "I don't see that you need waste your precious pity oil either," answers Edith, perfectly unmoved by Miss Stuart's vi tuperations; "keep it for me. I shall make Sir Victor a very good wife as wives go; and for Charley — well, Lady Gwendoline is left to console him." "Yes, of course, there is Lady Gwen doline. Oh, Edith, Edith, what are you made of? Flesh and blood like other people, or waxwork with a stone for a heart? How can you sell yourself as you are going to do? Sir Victor Cathe ron is no more to you than his ball- porter, and yet you persist in marrying him. You love my brother, and yet you hand him over to Lady Gwendoline. Come, Edith, be honest for once. You love Charley, don't you?" "It's rather late In the day for such tender confessions as that," Edith re plies, with a reckless sort of laugh; "but yes— if the declaration does you any good, Trix — I love Charley." "And yet you give him up! Miss Dar- rell. I give you up as a conundrum I can't solve. Hank and title are all very well— nobody thinks more of them than I do; but if I loved a man," cried Trix, with kindling eyes and glowing cheeks, "I'd marry him though he were a beg gar." Edith looked up at her kindly, with a smothered sigh. "I believe you, Trix; but then you are 'different from me. Here it is." She half raised herself, looking dreamily out at the sunlit prospect of lawn, and cop pice. and woodland. "I love Charley, hut I love myself better. Oh, Trix, child, don't let us talk about it I am tired, and my head aches." She pushed back the heavy dark hair wearily off her tem ples with both hands. "I'm what you call me — a selfish wretch, a heartless little brute — and Fm going to marry Sir Victor Catheron. Pity him if you like, poor fellow, for he loves me with his whole heart, and he is a brave and loyal gentleman. But don't pity your brother, my dear; believe me, he doesn't need it. He Is a good fellow, and he likes me, but he won't break his heart or commit sui cide while he has a cigar left." "Here he comes," exclaimed Trix; "and I believe he has heard us." "Let him come," Edith returns, lying listlessly back among the cushions once more; "It doesn't matter If he has. It will be no news to him." "It is a pity you should miss each other, though," Trix says, sarcastically, as she turns to go. "Such thorough philosophers both. 1 believe you were made for each other, end as far as easy going selfishness Is concerned, there Is little to choose between you. It's a thousand pities Sir Victor can't hear all this." "He might If he liked," Is Edith's an swer. "I shouldn't care. Charley" — as Charley comes in and Trix goes out — "have you been eavesdropping? Don't deny it, sir, if you have." Charley takes a position In an easy chair some five yards distant, and looks at her lying there languid and lovely. "I have been eavesdropping— I never 'deny my small vices. Hammond left me to go to the stables, and strolling under the window, I overheard you and ,Trix. Open confession is beneficial, no doubt; but, my dear cousin, you really shouldn't make them to so audible a tone. It might have been Sir Victor in stead of me." She says nothing. The sombre look he has learned to know is in her dusk eyes, on her dark, colorless face. "Poor Sir Victor," he goes on. "He loves you— not a doubt of that, Dlthy — to the depths of idlotcy, where you know 80 well to cast your victims; but, hard hit as he is, I. wonder what he would say if he heard all this." She laughs recklessly. She feels reck less enough to say anything, . do any thing, this morning. Love, ambition, rank, wealth — what empty baubles they all look, seen through tired eyes the day after a ball! He sits silent, watching her thought fully. To be continued.) 