The &hosts; of West Africa. ERHAPS the Immense number of ghosts to be found here arises partly from everyone having four separate souls: three o£ these souls expire with life, and only one survives after death, and it is not generally held that this survives in a state of immortality; but when it does survive, it is a great nuisance and a con siderable expense to its liv ing relations, more particularly when it is the soul of the father of a family, for then it is a perfect curse to its many widows, and 'a very dangerous water-fowl' to their suitors. The other three strictly mortal souls are mainly a cause of appre hension and alarm to their individual owner, but a source of general trouble and expense as well. Tbe study of the ramifications of spiritual beings is about as complex as that of the genealogy of the Emperor of China, and although not so dull is far more dangrous; and, as I feel a conviction this study will lead me to. an unknown tomb be fore my book on Fetish, in seventeen .volumes, folio size, written mostly in cuneiform or early Welsh — for Latin every young lady knows nowa days — can come out, I will give you a few rough notes on ghosts properly so-called. There is great trouble in correcting and classifying the spirit fauna of West Africa, owing to your hav ing to hunt the specimens through the labyrinths of the Ethiopian, with thick-fog-overhung mind, as a German would say. For some time I thought four families would do, each containing, of course, many genera and varieties, not to mention indivi dual freaks, but now I have been obliged to en large the number of families to nine. I will heref only refer to the spirits of human origin, and we will first take the conduct of the souls of the liv ing, and classify them. 1. The soul that sur vives. 2. The bush soul. '3. The dream soul. 4\. The shadow on the path. 1: We will leave this soul out of the affair at present, merely remarking that it does not leave the body during life, but it soon withers if its companion souls are'taken away from it. 2. The bush soul- — This is, I think, confined to negroes, and not possessed by Bantu. This soul is always in the form of an animal, never in that of a plant, and it is a wild animal in the forest. If a man sickens it is because his bush soul is angry at be ing neglected, and a witch doctor is called in, who diagnoses the case, and advises the administration: of some kind of sedative, in -the shape of an offer ing, to his bush soul. When you walk in the Calabar forests you will see little dwarf huts with these offerings under them. These offerings are ' put in the place in the forest where your bush soul was last seen. Unfortunately the witch doc tor has to be called in to determine the spot (which is expensive, for there is no free medical black ad vice in Africa), because you cannot see your own bush soul unless you are an 'Ebum tup,' which is a rare occurrence. If his offering acts well on the bush soul you get better, but occasionally the bush soul gives great trouble. This arises from the bush soul not knowing that, by exposing it self to danger recklessly, it injures itself, as, if you die it 'dies. A man may be a quiet and re spectable citizen, devoted to caution in his diet, &c;, and devoted to a whole skin, yet that same man may have a sadly flighty, disreputable bush j sou?, which from its recklessness gets itself in jured or killed, and causes you sickness or death. From this notion regarding the soul arises a good deal of the respect in which old people were held among the Calabar tribes; for, however, wicked their record may have been, their longevity de monstrates the possession of a powerful bush soul, whom it would be unwise to offend. When the man dies the animal of the soul 'can do longer find a good place,' and goes mad. rushing wildly to and fro; if it sees a fire, it rushes into it; if it sees a lot of people, it rushes into them, 'nntil it gets itself killed, and when it is killed — 'finish,' as M. Pichault would say. ... j The ghosts of what we Europeans call inani- ] mate things also cauee inconvenience, and like J most things, living or dead, in West Africa, they i cause delay. I and my black companions had q once to sit down and wait-two and a half hours I at a place on a fairly open forest path, because across it, in front of us, about that time in the afternoon, the ghost of a spear flew, and a touch from it was necessarily fatal. And there is a spring I know ot in the fcacongo district, where, when you go to fill your pitcher, you see a very handsome pitcher standing ready filled. Many a lady, seeing no one about to whom, the pitcher be longs, has picked this up and left her own; but, as soon as she has got it -within sight of the vil lage, it crumbles intp earth, and the water is spilt on the ground. On returning for her o^cn dis carded one, that is always found broken. Then there ar-e that very varied and widely diffused set of phenomena connected with /living people send ing one of their souls into some animal, such as a crocodile or leopard, to work vengeance on ene mies; but this comes under the head of witchcraft, so I will conclude by giving you the description of a peculiar haunt, interesting chieSy to me be cause I have heard of it occurring to two people, one a Negro lady, one a Bantu. I give you the Bantu version, because I heard the, details of it in full, immediately after its occurrence. She had been down river to the factory, on trade busi ness, and returned home after dark to her house, well satisfied with the. results of a day's haggling with the trader. There . was a miserably small fire burning in the cook-house, by which her slavd girls were trying to cook, her evening meal. Sbe blew them up for not having a larger fire, and they said the wood was wet and would not burn. She said they lied, and she would see to them later on, and went into her living house, treading, on the way there, into some wet on the ground. 'Those gooflrfpr-nothing hussies of girls have been spilling some water,' she thought, and when sbe got into her room she found the hanging palm-oil lamp was not alight; she sat down on her wood bed, and found there was a lot of nastiness there. This was not to he stood; so, dismissing from her mind the commercial considerations with which it was full when she came home, she rose up, and went to the door and called for 'Ingimina' and others, in a state of high rage. She is a notable housewife, and keeps her house extremely neat and clean, and her slaves in good order; so these young ladies came 'one time,' and cuffing their heads, she asked them how they aared forget to light her lamp; they swore they had lit it, but it must have gone 'out like all the other lamps had, after burning down and spluttering. They had been sitting- round the fire and not bothering about it till she came in. So she whacked and pulled tie e?rs of all she couja— she is not . very active, weighing, I believe, . .some .. sixteen stone— ana then she went to her room and got- put her beautiful English paraffin lamp, bringing It out to the sizzling fire to light it wiffi * bit of burning stick, which, when she lifted it upj she found coated 'with, the damp, sticky stuff that she had got into before, and it smelt of tbe same faint smell she had noticed as oppressivewhes she entered her yard. As soon, as the lamp was ? alight she sawwhat it was. i.e., blood. Blood was everywhere, the rest.oE the fire sticks were cov ered with it; it sizzled at their lighted ends, and if oozed from their other ends. There were pools of it on the clea£i, sandy yard;. her own room was reeking— the bed, the floor, and the. stools. It ran and bung in coagulated gouts down the door posts, aUcTifly on the lintel: She herself was smeared -vrtth It from having come in contact witfi it in. the dark. She picked a plate up off the shelf, and its impression was there on the shelf in a Tint pi the blood. ,She looked in her -skillet—more there. The palm-oil in the lamps had got a 'film of it floating on top of the oil, and investigation of the whole of the rest of the house demonstrated '-that things were similarly afflicted throughout The slave jgirts -were 'utterly scared when the light showed with, .what they' had been surrounded. Their mistress called in some influential friends and relations; they could make nothing .out of it, but they said they thought something must be going to happen, and suggested, in the kind, help ful, . cheering way friends and relations have in such, matters, that they should fancy it was a prophecy that she was going to die without sha ding blood, and that this was the blood come be fore. This view irritated her, as she is an un commonly common-sense woman, so she sent theiri $b6ut their business, and started the slaves house cleanutg. ^The blood, she said, cleaned up all right, but reappeared as soon as you left oft. Sbe cleaned on, iowever, till about 10 a.m., 'before 3ioon time,' when it gradually laded off, but tbe Smell* remained about the house for soays.— 'Corn- Mli Magazine.' The death is announced ot Dervish Pasha, tbe Senior Marshal ot the-Turkish Empire. His jnill ?tary career was a long and distinguished one, ana lie played an impoM&aVpart;'ln the Husso-Turlrisn war. . ^ 