THE END OF THE WORLD. (To the editor of Ath Standard.") Sna,-Several of your supporters have been at me to give further explanations of the translation of the bible and of nmy idea of. Reveald. Divinities. To com ply with their request, if you.granc ?e spaeo in your journal, I shall give a translation from the Hebrew of the two first verses of the 1st chapter of Genesis ; and from the Greek of the two first verses of- the 1st chapter of St. John's Gospel.. Then [ shaildefy the cnmbine'l Intelllgence-- of -Vicoria to un·set my translation. As to mty ideas. of God Divinities may be classified under three heads. 1., Personal and Personified Divinities. 2\. Potential Divinites. 3\. The Absolute Divinity. The first are the Gods of Poetry and Religion. The second are the Gols of Science and Philosophy. TheAb-olute Divinity is what I already explr.ined. The first require personal exrression. The second require causational espies. sion. The third symbolic expre-sion. St. Paul unfolded the idea of lhe Ab solute Divinity in the New TeslaRmenL. I pointed out the same idea in tIre Old Testament. The other Bible Diviunides are either Personal or Pirsoniflesl. The Eloim are Personal Divinities, .aJeovwb. The Father, ton and HBay Ghost are Personified Divinities, Jehovah is a curtailed term, and therefore untranslat able. The Eloinl or Personal Divinities are his supreme servants. Jehovah Eloim always translated-Lord God shouldl be translated-The servants of Jehovah. Genesis-1st chap., let verge.-At tihe beginning, the servants of Jehovah created the Heavens.and tle Earth. 2nd.--And the Earth was a shapeless waste,' arid the servants ;'f 'Johovanh Set the creating rpirit in rrotiou (Preach) all verthe face' of ihe deep. " John-l1st .: hap., 14t verse.-At the beginnirn was the Roling Divinity,. and the Italing Divinity wgs wfith the Ser vants of Joh?;vahl, and the Ruling Divi nity was a Servant of Jehovah. 2nd.-The same was at the beginning with the Servants of Jehorah. " True Christian" is dead. He gave up the ghost. Is there- intelligence in Victoria to upset my translations. A good many blatherskites run down my abilities. Let them now show their own intelligence. Yours etc., ADiurO. 