STSSUSED im-S. Sa, — Chi# of :!f great niiwij t eseio.eBMi ; cf Xtw Yccs e£:y tha put kxs« La «' i tit ettailiiimaet ia that etre «f Txrict "P1! f oe ifatmea fee tit daeptxsutg cf iterili" pj'| I fee tic sn of fafiatt ami eii'crtx, ti«e ef the poorer Tiie rerirp 1 eitai2iait>ibpXttitaSirftas, who report «.» ; w coa crgtwea away aretotc w..... - ---- etoi mili »t kit tarioos ta Xew tcrt » : tit etarea re.it ticco!, ami ia aiiititn ta» 'j fpcad«fSii;fS ghasMt of pare cili 13 aamt way. Ia iia reacct Kr. Smao eicwt l" aaectrity of eah iepota at it tu H3J" j Kaiei u a eomStary attaasm, ami poiat ca' tct ' pactital faxpotuHIiiy cf ti pooc cbuii-oj i pew &ili; sataiatad by cBuus g"31 J I aay ciitr war. It fa "tea# ca«gi t-i» '» I Scraii m£k degree iarc uni cast leeBt fataata, siaie lift eui etore csisf0, fee tiooaaads of «i«rv aad ti wi' Mew Yctk sen ta hia ti erreaic ea ti3' . . tica cf etiit, wifab fat irerij tt»xl; » , great tBscetwatcoI ia' tic ctt£ty «f I Will — — — - 'W „ ti.„i city. : It is n reform, ja suro to be among one of fixe n<l permanent publio health agenclte tho future in all largo cities. In this oonn.o- of.'1" mRy bo made to ono of the many Hp" ,?Woh have been eeonrod in Now »'f !T c'ont mmob by the board of health f Vemlore of . adulterated milk, and tP-'l5 -vn« lately roportod. A can of milk IE0 Submitted by the health board to Thomas r nf Now Brighton, an authority on the bof neocts; and Mr. Oraigd.oidod that lv were tho larvro of the "ghost" or "phan- I?" ilv known to scientists aa Oorethra iurioonrnis, a water gnat whioh is generated I a'acnaot pools and lives on other inseots. Li'r presence in tho t milk is re- Fin, l aa good evidence that the hand E man had something to do with it. Li' of a similar naluro from the la Itli reports of many oities could bo roulti- tpl all showing the need not only of striot isl inspection of milk vendors in oitios, II tho power to . legally prosecute hllleration in this Indispensable artiolo ' human food, but also showing tho led of sterilised milk nnd its absoluto health iness, as by the , process of heating the milk 1 disease gsrms nro destroyed, while the itural flavor of tho milk is unimpaired. The w in the State of Maitoe, whioh was onaoted st session in regard to milk inspeotion, pro ves chat milk ooid in oitios must oontaiu 3 r cent, of'fat and 9'por'oeht. of solids, and 1st all furnishing milk shall bo lioonsod, and istan inspeotor shall be appointed, whose ,tv it shall be to ihspoot the milk.—' Tours, fy C. W. GQHSUCH. Ballarat East, 24th February. 