TOPICS OF THE DAY. LET the journalist defend the doctrines of the party he approves;, let him oriticise and condemn the party of which he does not approve; reserving: always his right to applaud his opponents or censure bis friends, as the truth raav require-and he will be independent enough for a Free Country.-GAHFIELD. A FEW years ago at a Circuit Court in this colony, a certain man was being tried for horse-stealing. The defence set up was that the horses were " brumbies," and that the accused bad a perfect right to take them. Counsel for the prisoner had called several witnesses to prove that they were "brumbies," and was just calling another witness, when the judge interposed," What's this witness to prove ?" " That these horses are . brumbies,' your Honor," replied Counsel. " Well," said the Judge, rather irritably, "Why not call Mr. Brumby him self, and save all this waste of time ?" Commotion in the Court. Mr W. J. Lyne, Leader of the Opposition, has been addressing the land-owners at some out-baok settlement on the question of land legislation, and advocating the passage of the Closer Settlement Bill, which has for its chief object the re-purchase by the State of estates situate in close prokimity to a market, and the cutting up of same into farms, &o.; Mr Lyne is distinctly in favour of this proposition, butobjeots to the perpetual leasing system inaugurated by Minister for Lands Carruthers, contending that the State should by actual alienation give to those who iefctle dfithe land a per manent right tjD it. Now, it is an actual fact that these colonies have pursued a suicidal policy in the past in selling its territory, by far the best and most valuable of which bas aggregated into the hands of a very small minority of the people. This circumstance is proved by the introduction of the very measure of which Mr Lyne pro fesses to be so ardently in favor, and yet, whilst in one breath he advocates the re purchase of some of the best of the colony's alienated acres, in the next he advocates its re-sale to those who have the requisite capital. Under such a system, the admin istrators of our public affairs would be doing little else than re-purchasing and re 1 selling, with no material advantage to the taxpayers, who invariably get the worst of the deal in any sort of bargain of the kind in which their Government happens to en gage. A clause in the Closer Settlement Bill, providing that under no set of circum stances should the Crown part with the fee simple of any land acquired through its in strumentality, would be the only safeguard to such a measure, and no representative who professess to have the public interest at heart, and who wishes to save the people's estate from being ruthlessly sacrificed, would be doing his duty if he voted for the Bill referred to unless it did actually oontain such a saving clause. Mr. Lyne's attitude on this question is a remarkable one, and the only explanation that can be offered for his utterances at the place with the unpro nounceable name is that he was addressing a gathering of landowners, some of whom would no doubt be willing to get rid of por tion of their huge estates for a cash price, and buy back just what they wanted on terms. Considerable opposition is likely to be offered to the Minister for Works to con struct an electric tramway along George street, Sydney, seeing that leave to intro duce a Bill having that object in view was only agreed to last week on division by the small majority of five votes. There is some justification for opposition, on tbe part of county representatives, to the whole pro ject, and this opposition may fairly be waged without in any way leaving open those who participate in it to a charge of being petty provincialists. As a matter of fact, Sydney folk, and those who visit the metropolis, are very liberally served already in the matter of public conveyance, for it is competent for one to leave Kedfern station by tram, cab, or omnibus and reach any given part of the city proper, in fact, most portions of the immediate suburbs, in a few minutes. Seeing that this is the case, it does appear unreasonable in the extreme that a demand of the character referred to should be made upon the taxpayers to still further augment the conveniences already possessed. On top of this olamour for an electric tramway will come, in the very near future, request for the extension of the railway into the heart of the city, at the cost to the people of a huge slice of Hyde Park and several hundreds of thousands of money borrowed for the purpose. ^ whole thing is monstrous, viewed m the face of the fact that folk in populous and pro lific parts of the country are compelled to put up with bad roads, heavy haulage over long distances for their produce, and all those tbousand- and-one other inconven iences of which the city resident possesses not the most remote conception. It is to be hoped that, for the present at least, the electric tramway project will be knocked on the head by a vigorous vote on the part of those who wish to see justice done to the people of the country districts. It may certainly be regarded as a very good indication ot the prosperous condition of things in our midst when we note the | success which has resulted from the opera tions during the past half-year of our two largest institutions-the Hawkesbury Steam Navigation Company and the Hawkesbury Dairy and Butter Company. The former concern has been in existence for some few years, and though its promoters had the same obstacles to meet whioh stand and are i placed in the way of all similar corpora-1 tions, by dint of perseverance and indomit able energy they managed to satisfactorily overcome and remove same. Year by year the Company has made great headway, and though the last half-year's revenue returns failed to reach those of the corresponding half of the preceding year by the amount of £400. the management are still able to announce a profit of £227 4/8. The Company,' as a matter of fact, does not con fine its operations to the Hawkesbury, for in addition to having one steamer running between Sydney and Bennett's Wharf, at Ebenezer-an extra boat being put on to cope with the increased trade in busy times | -it has the steamer Kingsley making regular trips along the northern coast-and from this source is derived a considerable proportion of its revenue. The H.S.N. Company has done much good work m the J direction of facilitating the transport of pro duce from the Hawkesbury farms to the | Sydney markets, and whilst some folk com plain that freights should be reduced, they are still ready to freely admit that, but for the existence of the service named they i would experience many great impediments | to the successful production of grain ana other crops. Located close to the river s j banks on either side, farmers are able to load their produce without engaging in the heavy and costly haulage which would be necessitated il a steam service right " agin their very doors" did not exist-End there fore though they, like all other folk, may have their little grievances, they should not fail to accord the company all the support that rests in their power, leaving to the future the remedying of ail reasonable causes for complaint. As for the Hawkesbury Dairy and Butter Company, its continued success does not surprise the GAZETTE, which, in the face of all sorts of doleful and dismal forebodings, predicted for it from the start a prosperous career. Established only three or four years since, iu spite of, and not with the assistance and co-operation, of those whose support might reasonably have been ex pected for it, the factory has progressed by leaps and bounds, adding day by day to its supply, and proving an excellent insti tution for those who since its inauguration have entered upon the industry of milk raising. In proof of its progress it might be stated that whilst th® milk supply for the half-year ending July, 1895, was 80,915 gallons, that for the corresponding period of 1896 totalled 90,000 odd gallons, and that whilst the profits of the first six months of 1895 was £70 odd, that for the '96 half was £179 18s. 6d. Such a result must be eminently satisfactory, for it not only serves to show that the industry is being worked successfully from a shareholders' point of view, but that dairymen, as evidenced by the increase in the supply of milk, regard it as a profitable speculation. No one but a moon-struck idiot would for a moment contend that the circulation among our farmers every half-year, and in six monthly payments, of such a respectable sum as £1150 odd is other than advantageous, whilst the fact that the company is able to supply; local consumers with all the butter they use, and thuB " keep the money in the district," should be hailed with satisfaction by the average advocate of the doctrine of " encouragement to native industries. The dairying industry is destined to become one of the moBt prosperous likely to be estab lished in this colony, and seeing that the farmers of this district are in a great measure fully equipped by nature for the successful engagement in it, it is but reason able to anticipate its gradual but sure growth year by year. Those farmers who have associated themselves with the project have learned & lot during the past three or four years, ftnd, taking all things into con sideration* speak hopefully of the future of the F rs&rkesbury; Daily and Butter Company. Perl)ftps the most scurrilous and black guardly article that has been published in this colony for some time was one which a week or two since occupied several columns ofspaoe in a certain Sydney "journal, notorious for the care which it devotes to the gathering together of all sorts of filthy gutter-garbage, and for its very distant acquaintance with the truth, as exemplified by the remarkable mis-statements which it so often ventures to make about men and things. The tirade of abuse in question professed to deal with a section of the Members of the present N.S.W. Assembly, and if they were one-hundredth part as bad as they were pen-pictured, or one thousandth part as dirty as the writer of this diatribe upon them, they would certain ly deserve any punishment, no matter how severe, that could be meted out to men. As far as can be ascertained, the Members so brutally criticised by the pot-valiant creature who penped the attack are sober men, clean-living, honest, truthful, free from mental or physical disease, and alto gether superior from all points of view to their critic, a knowledge of whose identity and history would, if published, be read with considerable interest by the colony's sensation-lovers. Of late years there has been freely raised a demand to the effect that all articles appearing in the press should be signed, so that readers might know the identity of the writers, and be thus enabled to make a true estimate of the value of their opinions. And whilst there may exist tangible objections to the inauguration of this order of things, still it possesses many merits which must, be ac knowledged. For instance, if readers know that a treatise on political and social morality were written by any unclean crea ture, steeped to the very eyelids in filth-a social leper whom all respectable people Bought to shun, and against whose carcase no cleanly disposed person would venture to brush in an open thoroughfare--they would simply cast the sheet containing it into flames, without giting it a moment's con sideration. The GAZETTE'S local contemporary re cently ventured to remark that the print ing of " Hansard" should be discontinued, on the score that " the cost of publication is out of all proportion to its usefulness." Now, this is where the GAZETTE differs with its neighbour, for were it not tor the existence of " Hansard" the average politi cal leader would be able to change the tenor of bis utterances oil important dob jects with the same ease and frequency that he does hie collar,-and, meanwhile, an outraged public would not be Able . to bowl him out. The newspaper reporter is repeatedly made the victim of politicians^ maledictions-for they deny the accuracy of his statements when it serves their purpose so to do; but we never hear the accuracy of a " Hansard" statement disputed by even the man most addicted to complain of mis representation. " Hansard" furnishesths ghosts which rise up periodically and stand forth as wordy witnesses of the apostacy of Opposition Leader Lyne on the land-tax question, for he has never ventured * to deny that he until lately posed as an adro cate of the principle and a supporter of not merely a penny in the £ but of ft moon higher impost. 44 Hansard " fannshos Premier Reid with the back speeches of Mr. McMiiUn, and thus enables him to disprove out of that gentleman's own mouth certain nasty allegations which wo made during the course of his attaok on the Treasurer, when dealing with the financial statement. The back files of " Hansard" record many facts and speeches-which, at the present juncture, are objects of horror in the eyes and imaginations of the average coat changing oppositionist,-but it wouldj be worse than an outrage: were the publication discontinued because of. this.circumstance. There has been far too much Jump-Jim Crow ism, in spite of the existence of '* Hansard"-but to what on alarmingex tenfc it would increase 'Wares this ^reat wad valuable safeguard removed. Advertising, it is generally admitted, if the keystone to commercial sucoros, and the extent to which it is carried at the present time serves to adequately prove that there is some justification for toe assertion.. It would simply startle some of our self sufficient business folk if they were but to learn of the immense sums annually spent in advertising their wa*es by many of the universal providers and the manufacturers of New South Wales, for there are many firms which spend thousands upon thousands in this way. Until recently a certain metro politan house had the contraot -for the use of the front page of a well-known city weekly newspaper - a space of something ^Jiks 40 inches all told, and for this they paid for two years at the rate of £460 a y®M* " ' despite the circumstance that the efficacy of judicious advertising is so amply proven, the mere suggestion that they should **ke up a position in the columns of m local sheet almost paralyses some of our old musty and fusty and rusty business.folk, who think they are already well stloogli known in the district, without being put to the necessity of notifying in ?cold type their continued existence. well, perhaps they are. But all Ibis is "written merely to introduce a story about a number of young bloods who recently conoeived the idea of advertising a concert in a novel way. They got a buoket of paste, ana forthwith proceeded to an agistment Pad dock, where they caught a local bakers horse and promptly pasted him all over with posters, so that wben the man of dough needed the animal next morning, it looked for all the world like an animated George-street hoarding, and the operation of taking the bills off its back also had the effect of removing part of its hide «a sundry lumps of hsir, much to the undis guised anger of the owner. The device was certainly a novel one, and bad a good effect, for the whole populace seethed and purged round the agistment paddock, ana read in loud tones the bill of fare which oc cupied place on the posters, and jocularly criticised the baker as he stripped themoff bis equine's back and its ribs and its fiddle shaped head, and when he had completed the task and wended his way homeward, with anger in his eyes and an empty bucket in his hand, they left the scene, fully impressed with the necessity for at tending a concert so effectively advertised* 