CHAPTER II.—(Continued.) \ E A NIVIIIL E Martin Harrowby was not ashamed to weep titter tears in the solitude of ashroKen-lienrted as | a love-sick girl his own chamber—not ashamed to feel while his . train sped onwards, carrying him from her—for ever from her!—not ashamed to he ungrateful to God and life, to friends and youth, and to feel an enmity with fate—wanting that supreme delight of all. . . And wliilo he was eating out his heart for all these fiery griefs, his train crossed that wherein Jacques Courcelles was hurrying onward, radiant with love and joy, to the presenco of his adored wife. And just as the young English man entered Paris—to him like a city of the dead, tenanted only hy gibbering ghosts—the good, round, dog-faced little merchant, with his heart of gold and his body, of the poorest alloy procurable in the workshop of Nature—his soul that of: an angel and' his person that of a gnome—stumbled hastily into his wife's room, where she lay in tho tianquil sleep of an unsoiled child. Ab he came to the bedside he fell on his knees and gently took her hand, which he kissed with the rapture of a devotee brought- face to face with the goddess ho worshipped. To him, indeed, she was a goddess—body and mind supernal and beyond humanity; but body and mind his, and his only. Elaine opened her eyes, and saw her husband kneeling there in the tender twilight made by the sun breaking through the heavy blinds and curtains. She saw his eyes full of adoring tears, his happiness just touched- with pain because of its intensity—and in her heart she said: ' Poor fool 1' ' Ah, darling!' she exclaimed, throw ing her arms round his neck, and kissing his damp forehead. ' How I have longed for you !• How miserable I have been without you! How oyerjoyed that you have come. Her loosened robe fell aside, nnd showed the white, firm shoulder which not twenty-four hours ago Martin Harrowby had kissed. , ' My angel 1 my own. dear angel 1' was all that honest Jacques could say; for Nature had denied him eloquence, as she had denied him grace or beauty. His solo gifts were goodness and a shrewd kind of business ' flail-.' But he indemnified himself for his sparse utter ances by almost reverently kissing that bared white shoulder. 'Ah, dear head, once more!' said Elaine, laying her hand on the grizzled scrubbing-brush which touched her .with such devotion. - , \ ' And have you missed me, little one?' ho asked. S -'/• ' ' Ah! moro than I say,' Baid Elaine. 'I-have never missed: you so much— neVer been 6o glud to see • you, my darling!' ' God bless you for" that!' ejaculated the husband, transported • to tho very heaven of heavens for gratitude and j°y • But Elaine, turning away her head," furtively wiped the lips which hnd touched his forehead, and the hand which his had clasped. Her acting was perfect, so was her lielf-control. Sho argued with herself. that, as slio made her husband supremely happy and, was the only one to. suffer, what did it signify] how much falsehood there was in her caresses, how much. pretence in her welcome ? To her, Jacques Coureclles, her husband, was useful .as a banker's book, as a shield, in some sort as a pro tection against the. rash desires .of the Martin Harrowbys of-her life. So long as shejioodwiukcd and contented him, and he gave her the sanction of his name and the use of his income, she thought she, was in her right to have that secret'' under-current of private pleasure. He had no cause" to com plain ; the world had -no right . to censure:; and she had all -she wanted. A little show of tenderness to the source of all was not too heavy a tax to pay. Common sense' goes further than ex aggeration ; and this way of looking at things was essentially that of vicious reason and unrighteous common sense, .. 