DEVILS IM FRAHCE. APPARITIONS AXD THINGS. OTHER "The devil Is abroad in France!" This Is now the cry throughout the length mi breadth of that country. Kevsr s within the memory of man has there been such a scare; never haveaieie tjeen so many Wood-curdling stones ot awful, supernatural apparitions. From these stories one would imagine that the whole infernal host and a bat talion or two of celestial angels had broken loose. We .hear of BeJiaL. of Ashtoreth, of ApoDjon. of several other uncanny and undesirable demons. We hear, too, of sviphs, of shapeless monsters like incubi, of pallid ghosts, of fiery serpents, a»d of a marvellous woman, who is supposed to be the Virgin Mary. Of sorcerers, too, and their strange doings we hear somewhat, as also of witches and their magical pranks. The denizens of the other worlds made their first appearance at Tillysur-Senlle. All Europe heard of and marvelled at these apparitions, and finally they caused so much stir that the French Society of Psychical Sciences started an Investigation. Abbe Brettes went to Tilly, spent several days there, and finally returned and made his report. Here is -what -this churchman and scientist sajs:^ •T am absolutely convinced that apparitions were really seen at Tflly. hare obtained all possible testimony cm the subject, asd the proofs that the apparitions were genuine are incontestable. Legends - and traditions show that this region lias been always haunted. A well known government official, it is said, saw the Virgin Jlary one evening wreathed in flames. Apparitions began to appear on March IS, and since then they have appeared several times daily. The school children were the first to see the Virgin Mary, and they spread the story everywhere, the result being that immense crowds have been coming to Tilly, as many as 18,000 arriving on one single day. MANY WITNESSES EXAMINED. "During mj- investigation I examined more than fifteen hundred witnesses, among whom were representatives of all classes and of all ways of thinking—magistrates, teachers," believers, and unbelievers. I closely questioned them alL and they told me the same story." My conclusion is that we -cannot dispute this evidence. The supernatural certainly exists, and defies materialism and free thought These phenomena appear to be both divine an5 diabolical. If they cannot be both at the same time, then the diabolical in-. flnenc-e preponderates,, for, while an angel of darkness can assume the appearance of an angel of light, an angel of light never assumes the guise of an angel of darkness. "I am convinced that if the spot where these apparitions have appeared Is thoroughly dug, we shall discover the ruins, of a chapel or a convent, or of some monument dedicated to the Virgin. In conclusion, let me say that we should not be surprised at the frequent appearances of supernatural phenomena In these days. Such phenomena have appeared at all times, bnt persons paid no attention to them. To-day we «re at the height , of the reaction against free thought ; the psychical sciences have made great progress and have greatly helped to arouse the attention of the men and women who have for some time been shaken in the faith of their childhood, and are now coming back, to honest, belief' after an era of doubt. Tie history of the world is fall of such reactions." ' IH-Ho I iifal • muliwi iutM vuuuua.IT rumiimf'lii ffiKTalready seen the apparition of the Virgin thirty times at Tilly, and touching Is her description of the manner in which i m t she feels herself impelled by. some mysterious force to remain ever near -the spot where the wondrous vision appears. Sometimes, in place of the Virgin. appears chapels, statues, angels, and globes of fire. Out of the ground they seem to come, enveloped in a cloud, which gradually disappears, only to remain again after the vision has fully manifested itself. On Ascension Daytwo hundred witnesses say they saw a rosy cloud, while eighty sav they saw a Calvary and sixty a cross. Some young persons, who tried to play on the credulity of the pilgrims, found themselves hunted by three fierv bullets, at which they fired their revolvers in vain. Others say they have seen headless, bloody phantoms and have beard Invisible bells ringing; nay, one day a lion devouring his prey, is said to have aiv peared to a large number of persons among them being a child, who was nearly frightened to death. AN EXTEAOEDIXARr INCIDENT. But here is a yet more extra ordinarr mcident. On the robe In which one of the latest apparitions of the Virgin was clothed were written four letters Mane Laine, who saw this vision, does not know how to read. She asked some one to show her an alphabet, which being done, she straightway pointed out the letters that she had seen on the Virgin's robe. Thev WMV the letters n. S. P. Q. they mean? This was the question evgyone asked. Among the others Abbe Brettes was puzzled until he returned to Paris, for there he found a letter from Caon. saying that the hidden meaning of these letters had been revealed to a child in a dream. They are the first four letters of the four Latin words," Cnum saeeUnm plum quaeso," the meaning of which te *T am looking for a holy chaneL" The child who made OUs dSS^y Snows no Latin any mors than Marie Laint who first saw the letters, knows how to read. The savor of diabolism about this extraordinary phenomenon has ennsed widespread awe, which is intensified . by - the inexplicable r—"-WUIUIUL• condnet nf A clKI«n« 1 . . ^ VL or a strange woman who has been at Tilly for some days. She is clothed entirely to black, for whi^rrason she Isknown far and wide ^ Macfc woman," and rumor has tttty* E ? e «ees most terrible sights. A pitiful sight she is. so much does she seem to suffer. On her forehead ever great beads of perspiration. fT* and at fimS herwhole face Is convulsed as though with horror at some diabolical - vision. Abbe Brettps questioned her as to her trouble, and «he confessed to Um that she was constantly beset with visions of Legion, who, be it known, is a most Potent demon- She begged the abbe to wee her from her tormentor, a request ^was unable to gnmt, as Legion, wiai oemoniac persistency, declined to show hjmseif while the abbe was present So "OK black woman" sail weeps, ana shndders In the grip of the hideous demon., A .. THE SOGUi-l^'S OOXCI/TJSION, TaHng^theseaUegedfactsinto «onsidecation, the «ociety of Psychical ^ences arrived at the foBowing conjdnsions:— \- - •1. The eupematnral. as' manifested at ^^^^defianoe to the lawB^ ^^Grataln facts, bnt only those which »ven, seem to.ee the result of a demoniac inflnenc^ 4\. Finally, our practical conclusion is this:—That it is necessi^ tomafce exavations in the place where theapjwnions have appeared, so it fe likely teat i® we tnaj^obtaih valuable elements of information; ' - . This is certainly a practical OMK*Iion, and many are wondering wheflH* " the black -woman's " frame o£ mind will change after the mag^ ^oond at Tilly has been thoroughly^dng np. Few think it will, "for she is t™ly possessed," say they-;®id she notsava lady who was imploring >£e Virgin on Shalt of her sick chUdt-TJnhappy one, what areyou doing h we? ^Goawayat once. Tour child wDl not be coreiL Twelve tapers were burning at & little distance from her, five of wMch had been placed thee by the mother of the sickdrfld. As the black woman spok( a great black-winged buttery flew among the tapers and extinguished toe five, the very five placed thfere by tte mournful mother. . They were re-ltt. but the monster butterfly appeared again and extinguished them once more. Very strange all this, but not more strange than the story of the haunted house at Valences-Brie. This house has been the: theatre of inexplicable sounds, most mystifying being a voice, the. ownerof Hrhiai has hitherto eluded an human eyes. For seventeen djys this jnvsterions voice has been making itself heartiOironghontthehoasa, _now insulting, now terrifying, nowpleading- Policemenha vetriedtofind tbeowner, and the weird voice has laughed them to scorn. Dr. Pate, the family physician, has investigated, and the taunt- voice has covered him with contumely. Furniture has been smashed by r h invisible destroyer, and after one t wreck of this kind the voice shouted maliciously:—'"Hurrah. I am doing good work: 1 am content with myself V A curious explanation of this mys tery has jost been offered. Isabelle Pel lettier. the servant in this house, occupied. it appears, two situations before her present one. and in each of them occurred phenomena somewhat resembling those now occurring in the haunted house. These phenomena, too, it is said, only occurred in her presence or when she was Bear. Now, it is a remarkable fact that in every so-called haunted house there is said to be either a. sensitive young girl "or some man who is suffering" from a nervous malady. The theory is that the strange phenomena that occur in snch houses are due to the presence of men with diseased nerves, or. which is Car more often the case, of high strong young girls from thirteen to twenty years of age. The experiments of M- de Rochas and of Dr. Baraduc prove that man is possessed of a fluid envelope, which, in its normal state, is impalpable and invisible, bat which under known conditions can leave the body and become materialised, after which it impregnates Inert bodies to snch an extent, as to communicate to them a sort of life. In the case of some persons certain effluvia escape from this fluid in the form of waves, becoming more intense when the subject is in direct contact with the ground, without the Interposition of isolating substances. Dr. Baraduc has especially shown, by means of photography, that the phenomenon of aspiration and expiration is manifested by the cosmic substances with •which this envelope is nourished. there are also other invisible beings, such as angels, demons or incobi, two plausible explanations can be given of the phenomena occurring at the haunted house at Valenw-en- Brio. One is that the subject impregnates -nAthihe-Xital fluid^ whatever objeqts hfe, 'arjsptoaclies. These objects, tbeii, jfti.a sense become extensions or prolongations of his body, and when he moves from one place to another they move I with him. It is possible, too, that the simple contact of an object charged with opposing electricity may bring about a returning current which will cause objects to change their positions. The smashing of furniture, then, conld be explained by a violent electric shock. . But we cannot in this way explain the presence of the mysterious voice, for, in order to produce this a materialisation of the organs necessary for the emission of articulate sounds would be necessary. The second explanation is very simple and will cause many to smile. The question is. May not a spirit at times obtain possession of this vital force after it has escaped from the human body, and may it not then model it and materialise it and use it for his own pmposes? The Kabbalists and modern occultists believe in the existence of elementary demons, and claim that they people the elements, among such demons being sylphs, gnomes, undines, incubi and salamanders, some wandering through space and endeavoring to become incarnated, others being incarnated, which latter are vicious and imperfect men. Occultists, too, believe in the existence of fiudic phantoms, known to the ancients as larvae and lemurs, which love the steam of shed blood, and which flee before the edge of a Eword. Only by dividing them can such -fluidic coagulations be destroyed. Dr. Baraduc holds that these phantoms are monstrous productions, without body or soul, and that they can be attracted by certain invalids, who are in fatal sympathy with them, and who thus enable them to drag out for a longer or shorter time a fictitious existence at their expense. They are, as it were, supplementary instruments of the invalids', instinctive will; their aim being never to cure but always to mock and mislead. - - . - . There is a third explanation—that the phenomena in the haunted bouse are the wort of a practical joke;, but, if so, it iaxafher, strange thatthejafcerjtosnot yet foetsi caught. Among those who a. " I -a - • . • . . _ .•'•.. .. have studied psychic sciences the opinion seems to be that Louise Pd- . • lettier is the ~ author, though probably unconsciously or unintentionally, of all this apparent diablerie. On the other hand. Abbe Schnabelin, who ranks next to Dr. Papus" as the most profound occultist of modern times, is -of opinion that the residents of the haunted house have been enchanted . by a sorcerer. Rochas recently made certain experiments as to the effects of enchantment He pricked the; photograph of a certain person all over trith a pWand fonnd that the person whose photograph it was felt the pin-pricks in his own body. Rochas stoply desired to prove fiat there Is a good deal of truth - in the o3d legends regarding the wickedness ofsotcerCTS-Kowscorcerersflotrrish to-day in eeveral parts of France, and «pedally-!n Paris, Brittany, Berry and theBasque country. They are, as. a rule, shepherds/tramps and ordinary fortune tellere of both sexes. Among them, too, are.eeversl young girls, and they age especially dreaded, for they are supposed to have the power ©f inflict- Jngnnspeakahle woe. Gypsies havealso •EfPt W p j W | a t practice of sorcery, the a»|t ceitetmitea toeing those ot lSm-: I^H^PHM'TflOfljflftjifii'. \- '-/i ' AhWSchiiabellnhailaotsprikeh-niEhlr- B Valehice-ai-Brie, made n vestlgatipn,and:vftm)££itl«e& s been-«Mised hy aiwrcerec. to be* «wxM5ec, UvES to hood, ana^accanilngtoaie itself from the material body at Trill, and has in this instance done so in x'to annoy tie family in the haunted house. In this enlightened age a conjecture of this kind, sounds absurd, but it is very plausible when we compare it withother stories of sorcerers, and especially those ceneerning human metamorphosis. Here, for example, is one told by Delancre, a member of Parliament, who, in the reign of Louis XI1L. was commissioned to make an inquiry into the actions of the Basque sorcerers:— 'A gentleman of the Basque country." be 6avs. "returning from the hunt, saw a she-wolf, whose eyes seemed to him to be very like those of his wife. He raised his gnn and fired. The she-wolf, lijt in the side, ran off- howling. "On his return home the genilpman found his wife in bed. pretending that she had -hurt herself by accident. as she was out walking. The ^enilpman examined the wound, and grcnt was his amazement when he found in it some grains of shot of the same sJz- 1 a= ha liad used. "The unhappy woman then r-^'if^^^f that she had been in the h'ahii „f assuming the form of a she-wolf. Trith the object of taking part in the -nitr-hes" revels, and that it was she Trhi h.id been shot by her husband. Her name was the Lady of TTrtulv.. anil ?--.on after this event she was tried and burned." 