THE LATEST SENSATIONS FROM AMERICA. The stories that have been published of Edison's readiness to end in a week or two any war tire United States may enter upon, by electrically anni hilating the enemies of his country by sea and land, aro typical American newspaper stories. Sensational tales come from the United States ns natu rally as the sun from the east, and ago cannot weaken the Imaginations of thoso who supply them or time exhaust tlieir infinite variety. In the case of Edison a plausible tale is set out with customary circumstautialness. When war is declared the great inventor will occupy a week or two in preparations, then he will touch a button at his la boratory in New Jersey, and the ene my's ships will be blown to atoms, while lier soldiers die instantaneous deaths without a gun belug fired. Even if these appalling resources were not available, however, anyone who chooses to spend an hour or two with the American press can loaru the full, true, and particular history of the next war in which the United States will be engaged. With respect to the Vene zuelan affair, for instance, the time it would take to sink the British navy, boat the British soldiery, and conquer Canada, has been carefully calculated and stated, and it Is a very short time. One object, no matter how sugges tive, does not monopolise the American geplus of invention and research, how ever. There are hundreds of Ameri cans who, in the midst of war alarms, find time and mental strength to pros pect In tho regions of mystery and make strange discoveries there, the news of which is duly conveyed to an eager public. A month or two ago the hest energies of these enthusiasts were concentrated upon stories of queer animals and reptiles. Consequently the American people were Incited to believe that sea serpents bad been 6een at various places by persons of ac knowledged veracity— usually clergy men—who had given evidence on so lemn oath to that effect. Auimnls un like in size and form to anything ex istent or known to be fossilised also appeared in different parts of the country, and after eating horses and rooting up old trees in the sight of horrified farmers, generally departed emitting smoke and flames from their mouths. The batcli of newspapers that came by the last mail steamer seems to siiow that the public taste has broad ened since then. Tlie volume of ad ventures, discoveries, and inventions recorded during tlie two or three weeks that constituted the Venezuela- Transvaal epoch make up a recital in comparison with which the story Othello told Desdemona of moving ac cidents by flood and field, of cannibals that did each other eat, and of the men whoso heads did grow beneath their shoulders, . would be insipid and unexciting. One of the prime experiences of this period was that of a number of doctors who attended the performances of a foreigner, who chewed and swallowed glass and porcelain, drank vitriol, ate phosphorus in sticks and on matches and took a teaspoonful of arsenical poi son, the onsy result being that ho was thirsty and required a glass of milk. The whole nation, however, were ad mitted to participation in the jcty of knowing that the biggest man in the world, who weighed 40 stone, bad been discovered, that a three-soled boot bad been invented "to cure our national evil of cold feet," that "boy despe radoes" wore going about tbe country robbing and killing rural settlers, that there were unquestionable evidences that "the bustle has come back," and that there was a parrot in New Zea land which would eat nothing but. lambs' kidneys. The mere detail of how the parrot lives during the season when there are no lambs does not ap pear to have been gone into. In the way of inventions tbe end of the year was rather dull, its only remarkable products being a kite balloon, the effi cacy and certainty of which had been tested and proved, an apparatus for making dying men breathe by pumping air into them, and a new lever chain and sprocket which would drive a bicycle 50 miles an. hour— all of which are in significant compared ito tlie earlier completion of a flying machine with which the North Pole was to be ex plored and reported on in a few days. Anthropology was valuably contribu ted to by reports that tbe missing link luid been picked up in Annain in the shape of a race of wild tree-climb ing men with tails. A tailed man was captured, but unfortunately escaped at night, though his lodging was sur rounded by Frenchmen. In another part of the world a tribe had been un earthed who could see farther with tlie naked eye than civilised vision ean reach with the telescope. Equally in teresting in another way is a veracious account of the finding of the long- lost bones of Columbus at San Domingo, whence, it is suggested, they should be removed with a view to interment in United States ground. The patriotic spirit which dictated this proposal had just been shocked by the statement of a Brooklyn sexton, who, happening to be iD the cemetery just after tho de livery of an anti-jingoistic sermon in an adjacent church, was confronted by the ghost of Patrick Henry, "looking very angry," and presenting an exact reproduction of the popular picture in which he is represented in the act of saying "Give me liberty or give me death." With spicy food of this sort the American may Increase the joy of living if he is either credulous or curi ous. __ 