THE TURF. A final reminder is given to owners and trainers that entries for the S.A.J.C. Spring meeting must be made with Mr. Whitington up till 4 p.m. to-day (Monday), and that forfeits for the Derby are due at the same time. The price-list of Mr. H. Oxenham and "The Count" for the Derby and two Cups is to hand. There are several 200 to 1 and 100 to 1 shots marked off for the Cups. On theOld Course on Saturday morning there was some good work done, llorke's Drift was sent over three times round, spurting homo a few furlongs. Firelock did steady pacing. Lord Grenville performed good work, increas ing the pace the last circle. Dick Whittington worked steadily ; Barter, who shows signs of improving, did solid work over three furlongs. Wahine ran six furlongs in 1 miu. 2(5 see., Car melite doing the same distance in 1 min. 281 see. Gipsy Queen performed good work; Play boy did useful work over a distance. Juliet also ran along over the last two miles in 4 min. 7 sec., finishing strong. Havelock got over three rounds at a good pace, coming home the last one in 2 min. 4i sec. Black Flag worked over two rounds, running tho last one in 2 min. 3 sec., showing a lot of pace the last two furlongs, which were run in 27 sec. Confidence performed long work at half and three parts pace. Conscript and Mom pa were out for a round at a strong pace, run in 1 min. 58 sec., Mum pa appearing to have the best of it. Con ventioner .jumped off behind them, with De la Volta behind him the hurdle horse went well, as it took De la Volta all her tune to catch him before he got over seven furlongs. Handover is on tho improving side. Trout and 1 lelena were dispatched over a mile and a quarter finishing together with the filly all out at the finish. Dianthus negotiated a mile in 1 min. 58A- see. The Royalist performed steady placing over a couple of circles. Jack Sprat negotiated three rounds, the last one at three quarter pace. This liorse goes sore. Longbow performed at a good pace over a mile. All Fours went about four miles at a sound pace, but no attempt at time was made. Barunga worked steadily. Home Rule did good exer cise, coming home the last circuit in 2 min. sec. Consequence was working on the | crs. Iveeoup and tlegent were companio cinders. Iveeoup and tlegent were companions over a mile and a half, the last round occupy ing 2 min. 4 sec., with Recoup iu front. Angler did good steeplechase work. Doubloon (Matthews) and Electric (Willis) ran along for six furlongs in 1 miu. 22.) sec., with Electricjn front, and was a very fair gallop. Isinglass and Snowdrift were coupled in their work, the last circuit taking 2 min.!) sec. Bombastic performed good work over a distance. Radiant only went steadily ; he is slightly lame. Sir George and Fishwife aid good work over a couple of circuits, one in 2 min. !) sec. and tho other in 2 min. 8 sec. Kaso and First Master had a set-to over a mile, the watcli registering 1 min. 39 sec. for the last seven furlongs. Encounter did serviceable work with a spurt home. Kirkby trotted two rounds, then about a mile and a quarter at three-parts pace. Woodfield and The Ghost performed a working gallop over a couple of circles. Woodfield did not seem able to pace with his companion, who was anxious to make the pace faster. Sinipie Jim did fair work, as also Eclipse. Postal and Deburg were ex ercising on the track. Cigarette was not allowed to go fast over two circuits. Saracen spurted. Holly ran six furlongs in 1 min. 28 sec. Fund ran along for a round at three quarter speed. Orb was doing long exercise. At Mnrnhottviile nil S;i tnrrfn.v*. mnrnir At Morphottville on Saturday morning Hear Hear ran a fast six furlongs. Duke of ] Richmond and Surefoot worked in company at a medium pace. Viking and Concussion were sent over a distance at a mixed gait. Port Admiral and Pitehery performed fair work over a once round. Security got over halt a mile at a smart pace, doing the distance in 57 sec.; this colt is a likely candidate for the Fulham Park Plate. Scutum and Rose Park performed useful exercise. Switliin and Rosedalo were companions over a mile, run in 1 min. 59 sec. with the mare in front. Tho Idler negotiated a round at half pace, holiage got over a distance at half and three parts pace. Ensign was sent long medium pacing in neck sweaters. The Golden King and Eloodbird were coupled for a good two miie gallop in 4 min. 5 sec., the last round in 2 uun. 50 sec., with Golden King fully 100 yards in front. Nomadic and Jack Tar got over five furlongs in 1 min. 12 sec. Ciytemnestra did good work over a short I course. Diadem ran a fast six furlongs in 1 min. 20 se ■•. ; the last half-mile took 501 sec. ' Treiitalto got over a fair six furlongs. Danby daie took 1 min. 27 see. to go three-quarters of a mile. Supposition negotiated a mile in 1 min. 54 sec., coming home the last half in 551 see.; she goes well. Thunderer worked steadily over a once round. Smithereens and Happy Jack ran half a mile in company, the older horse going on and completing a circle. Illuree did long half-pace exercise. Nackara performed serviceable work over a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 29 sec. Alveary spurted over a few furlongs. Taradale did good steeple chase-work over two miles. Royal Admiral exercised over two turns, coming home the last mile at a good working pace. Fair Saxon did serviceable pacing. Eleusinian and Dales man worked iu company, spurting the last two furlongs. Broken Hill went a good working gallop over two miles; this horse is doing really well. Blodwen and Princess of Wales performed steady pacing. ' Taliesian spurted over three furlongs iu 41 sec., it taking Lord Salisbury a secont^longer to do the same dis tance. 