IERRIE EMfflD. BY ROBERT BIi&TCHFORP;, (Nunquani, of the Clarion.) DEDICATED wTaTm. THOMPSON (Dangle.) CSArTBB VIII. Rent and Interest. The Dora will enter into judgment with the elders of His people, It is ye that have eaten up the vineyard: the spoil ot the poor is m your houses ; what mean ye that ye criiBh My people, lit griad the faaes of the poor ? eaith the Lord, the Lord of Hosts.— Isaiah, Morality ana politio&l-soonomy; unite in *e. nelliag -*e inamduat who consumes without „ produeing.-Ds Balzac. The guilty Thieves ol £Jiur3pe,«jereai sources of all deadly war in it, are the capitalists—that is to say people who live by percentages or the Sbour of others; instead of by fair va&ator; their own. ... All eoeial evils and religious errors arise out of the pillage of the labourer by the idler ; the idler leaving him only enough to Ere on {and even that miserably), and taking aH 4ete8toftbep*oduoeofhi8 work to spend in his own luxury, or to the toys with which he be guiles his idleness,-- Rpsein, The re,iul6ites of production are two : Labour and apptopidate natural objects.— J. fi, Mt&&. f he produoe of labour constitutes natural re campenge, or wages of labour.— A»am &vom.; We have now to consider a very im iwrtaut question, via., have the rich any riqht to their riches ? X have already kid, it down as my guiding principle that a man has a right to all the wealth that he creates by the exercise of his own unaided faculties ; and to no more, If you look into my pamphlet, 'The Pope's Socialism,' page 4, you will find the following paragraph: t ** So man has any right to be rich. No ? man ever yet became rich by fair means. No man ever became rich by his own in dustry.'* That statement, 'no man ever became rich by his own industry,' has puzzled many of my readers, and 1 shall explain it, I shall explain it because, if no man can become rich by his own industry, then no man has a ngnt to oe ricn au an. How do men grow rich ? In these days tlie thwe chief sources of wealth are : 1\. Eeat 2\. Interest. 3\. Profits. First, Sent Who earns it? We will take two exampbs : Ground Rent and Property Bent. The Duke of Phwsa Toro owns an estate. The rent roll is 1^0,000 a year* Where does the money come f mm! The estate is let out to farmers at so much per acre. These farmers pay the duke hit; £30,000 a year. Where do the fafiaersget it from? The farmers sell their Crops, a-nd out of the purchase money pay the mit How are the crops raised? The crops are raised by the agricultural . labourers, under the direction of the farmers. . That is to say, that the rent is earued by labour— by the labour of the farmer and his men. The duke does nothing. The duke did not make the land, nor does he raise the crops,.. .He has therefore no right to take the rent at a|L _i The man who gets rich on ground rent gets rich on the labour of others. Mr. Bounderby owns a row of houses. The rental of the street amounts to £400 a year. Where does the money come from ? me rent is paia »y tue tenants ot cue houses. It is paid with money they have earned by their labour, or with money which they have obtained from other men who earned it by their labour, and it is paid to Mr. Bounderby for the use of his houses. How did Mr. Bounderby get his hou*es? He either bought them with moiiey which he did not earn by his own industry, or he paid for the material and the building with money which he did not earn by his own industry. _.__. — . ? -Twe- things are quite certain. First that \- Mr. Bounderby did not build- the houses with his own hands, nor make the bricks and timbers of which they are built ; that work was done by other men. And second, that the money with which those men were paid was, never earned by Mr. Bounderby's own industry. Mr. Bounderby lias therefore no right to own those houses or to charge-rent for^ them. The man who grows rich upon' house' rents-growl rich upon the labour of others. But you will very properly ask, Mr. bmith, how I prove that the money paid by Mr. Bounderby for his houses was not earned by his pwn industry. ?This brings us to. the second and third means by which .men sret wealth: Interest and profits. What is interest ? It is money paid for the use of money. If you lent me one hundred pounds at 5 per cent, interest, that would mean that I must pay you five pounds a year for the loan of the money as long as I kept it, and that such payment would not reduce the amount of the loan, bo that if I kept your £100 for twenty years and paid you £5 a year interest, I should at the end of that time still owe you £100. That is to say you would receive £200 from me, although you only lent me £100. Where do I get the interest from? I have to work for it. But you get^t from me. You don't work for it. You — possibly-r-worked for the principal, that is, for the first hundred pounds ; but you do not work for the interest, ' the second hun dred pounds. Suppose I have £1000. I put it in a bank and draw 3 per cent., £30 a year, laiemst for U. XL the end of twenty years I shall have drawn out £600, and yet there will be £1000 to my credit. How does my money breed money ? How do I get £1600 for £1000 ? How can the banker afford to pay me more than I put into the bank ? If instead of putting myv £1000 into' a bank J locked it up in a safeA and -drew-out £30 a* year for twenty years, \would there be £1000 left at the end of that time ? There would not. There would only be £400. Money does not breed money. Interest has to be workea\for. Who earns it. ' ? \ Suppose a rich Jew has lent a million to the Government at 3 per cent. He draws every year £30,000 in interest. Who pays it? It is raised by taxation. Who pays the taxes ? They are all paid either by the workers or by those who get their money from the workers. And the Jew gets his interest for ever. That is to say that after he has drawn back all his million in interest the Government goes on paying him out of yoMr earnings, my hard-headed friend, 1330,000 a year as long as anyone is left to claim it. Probably the million was wasted in some foolish work, or wicked war ; but because a Minister in 1812 was a knave or a fool, British industry is .taxed to thb tune of £S0,O0O a year, world without end, amen. And the worst of it is that the money the Jew lent was not earned by him, but by the ancestors of the very people who are now paying .his descendants interest for the loan of it. Nay: Worse even than tbie. It is a fact that a great deal of the eo-called 'capital' for which interest) is paid does not exist at all. The Duka ot Plaza Toro is a wealthy peer. He has an mcome, a rent-roll of £30,000 a year. The E&rl; of Chow Bent has £40,009 a year, the Marquis of Steyne haa £50,000 a year, These noblemen, to gether with a rich Jew, a couple of rieb cotton lords, and a coalownBr, decide to form a company and construct) & -o&nat.; They engage some engineers and some navvies. To pay these men their wages and to provide tools and other plant they need 'capital' They get an estimate of the cost. Say it is hal£*a-milUon. The capital of the wEwpumy-fo bflM-»-mifltfafl, But that fe needed to complete the work, It can be started with much less. They therefore issue 50,000 shares at £10 each ; £2 payable on allotment, and the rest at stated times. Toe company consists of seven men. Bach takes an equal number of shares, each pays down an equal sum, say £14,285, making a total of £108,000. With this amount 'ifcBTTTsan* go on «n-!»l the second call is made. Now look at the position of the Duke. He has paid iu his £14,000, and at the end ot a year be will have another £30,000 ready, in the shape of rent The others are in similar positions. The Jew waits for his interest, the coaiowner and the cotton lords for their profits. And all these sums, the rent, the interest, and the profits, are earned by the workers. So the canal is made. ' Who makes it? Not line rich share-ownere. Oh, no. The canal is maoVby the engineers and the navvies. And who finds the money ? Not the rich shareholders. Oh, no. The money is earned in rent, or interest, or profits, oy fche agricultural labourers, the colliers, and the cotton operatives. But when the navvies and engineers have made the canal, and when the labourers, miners, ftud spinners have paid for it, who .owns it? . . Does it belong to the men who made it ? Not at all. Does it belong to the men who earned the money to pay for ifr?— Not at Io belongs to the rich shareholders, aacT these men will get other men to work it, and will keep the profits of its working*- ? . That is to say, all the goods whjcfa are carried on thut canal must-pay tollage. This tollage, after the costs of repairing and working the camel are defrayed, will be profit, and will be divided amosgst the -shareholders in the form of dividends. Who will pay the tollage ? The tollage will be paid by the people who catry the goods, and they in turn will charge it to the people who buy the goods, and they in turn wife charge it to the people who use the goods. And the people who use the goods will be either workers, who pay the toll out of their own earnings, or rich people, who pay she toll out of the earnings of other workers. And now let U3 sum up. The Duke of Plaza Toro lends £14,000 which he has got (out of his farm labourers) and £56,000 i which he has not got, but which he will get as soon as his farm labourers have earned it. With tins mouey —the money earned and to be earned by the farm^abourers— the Duke pays wages to the engineers and navvies who make the canal. - The canai being made, the Duke takes tollage, which is paid by the workers, much of it, perhaps, by the farm labourers, navvies, engineers, spinners, and colliers, who found the money for the oanal or did the work of making it. That is to say, the workers pay the Duke interest for the loan of their own money. You will begin now to see what is meant by such words as Rent, Interest, Capital, and Qcedifc. For your further enlighten ment, and to give you \an idea how poor these rich men realty are, and now Tory much interest is paid for money which does not exist, let me offer you two facts. The first fact; is that whereas the amount annually paid in wages, profits, interest, and rent ib estimated at $1,350,000,000, there ia at no time as much a^ £100,000,000 of mnney in the country, — -^- ?=, The second fact I will give yon in the words of John Stuart Mill: 'When men talk of the ancient wealth of a country, of riches inherited from ancestors, and similar expressions, the idea suggested is that the riches so transmitted were produced long ago, at the time when they are said to have been first acquired, and that no pprtion of the capital of a country was produced this year, except so much as may nave been this year added to the total amount. The fact is far other wise. ( ' The gr&xterpwrt;, in value, of the wealth now existing in England has b$en produced by human hands within the fast twelve months, A very small proportion indeed ot that large aggregate was in existence ton years ago j of the present productive capital of the country scarcely any part, except farm houses and factories, and a few ships and machines ; ; and these would not tn most cases have survived so Jong if fresh labour had not been employed within that period in putting them into repair* 'The land subsists, and the land is almost the only thing that subsists. Every thing which is produced perishes, and most things very quickly.' And again : Capital is kept in existence fromitge to age, not by preservation, but by perpetual re production. Does thafcjBurprise you t Nearly all the boasted 'capital* or wealth of the rich is produced annually. — And by whom hit produced? By the rich ? Not at all. tt ie produced by those who -labour, for aU wealth must ba pro duced % labour. By no other meant can it be produced. You bear a man desoribed a* a million aire. Do yon suppose that he bas a million 'or a hundred million ppjina? In bin safef Do you imagine with regard to a 3*y Gould or a Duke of WestmiQfi tier that ©very Jear a million golden coins-rain down on im from heaven ? ~~ Your millionaire iras hardly anytjhinifr~ Very little money that is certain. But lie has bonds and securities and other written contrivances of the usurer and the devil, -whereby he is legally entitled to appro priate year by year some millions of the wealth that is created by the labour of the poor. Your Dake of -Plaza Toro is said to be worth £500,000 a year. Sow ie be worth it? He gets it m rent, in royalties, in dividends, in interest ; 'roicFevery penny of it is taken from the Wealth produced by labour. Your Duke has £30,000 a year of rent roll, has be ? But he has not a shilling of rent until poor Hodge has raised the crops and farmer iGiles has sold them. Take the men, the labourers— poor despised drudges —off his Grace's estates, aaid his Grace is -a pauper. ' I advise you to get -a- pamphlet called *?' Sopiety Classified : In reply jto the ques tion, * How fap is the saying true_that one lives either by working or begging, or by stealing ?' ' It is well worth your attention. The author is E. D. Girdlestone; the pub lisher is W. Beeves, JL85, Fleet Street, London-^ the price, one penny. . , ? i ? (TobeGdhJMued.) Hotel Clerk: 'Sir, the visitor in No. 35 complains that bhe room is haunted.' Xandlord : ' Indeed ! Then put down on his bill, *One ghost, ten marks.''— ffofer Stadtanzeiffer. ~ 'Have your literary effort* brought you, anything in?' 'Ob, yes. Oace a manu script was lost in transmission, and I re ceived forty-two marks compensation from the Post Office.'— Lcipziger Tageblatt. A French photographer has arranged an alcohol lamp so tbat while it is immersed he can throw powdered magnesium into the flame and thus secure a very brilliant light under water. In this manner he has been able to obtain some clear and beautiful photographs of the bed of the Mediter ranean. Oxygen is carried down in the apparatus to promote combuBtion. The larva of the common mosquito are bred from eggs laid in stagnant water and can always be differentiated from other water insects by the peculiar habit of rising to the surface tail first, and floating there, anc? darting towards the bottom on any disturbance. They come to the Burface for air, their breathing apparatus being located in the tail. Any pond, however stagnant, can be kept free from these pests by keeping the surface of the water covered with oil. 