THE APPARITION. (BY A LOCAL WRITER.) -0 Imay at once say I am no believer in ghosts, and - Miss Florence Marryatt's " There is .no Death" notwithstanding, am convinced I shall never have cause to change my unbelief. Of course I admit that there are many highly authenticated instances of the appearance of what we call ghosts, and feel therefore that it would only be a piece of arrrogant presumption in me to seem to question them. But in my judgement all these visitations have their explanation in science, and therefore all are simply illusions. The following may perhaps be only another of the same class, but so far as the incidents go I can vouch for them, because they actually did occur. Early in July 1874 the yacht " Zyphralelle, was steaming across from Marseilles to Malta, On board there were all told eighteen persons, all, men, except'two lads and one boy. Out of the eighteen, all told,- fourteen comprised the crew, then under the command of Captain " Tim" Fitchett, since then, alas, swallowed by the hungry maw of .the: deep I The re maining four on board were the owner Harry C. Fitzmaurice Esq, and three friends crusing for pleasure with him, namely-Mr. Stanley Hardress, Sir Socmerled Mac Laine, and myself. I mention these particulars with more than the ordinary stress because I wish to bring into prominence the circumstance that there being no women on board there could be no " lady in the case," and therefore that there being no lady in the case fraud or im posit ion was im possible. On the run from England the owner's wife, Mrs. Fitzmaurice, had been a passenger, but at Marseilles she left us. After seeing us under weigh she was then to go on from Marseilles to Toulon and aftirspending a few days there was to take up her quarters m Genoa until the yacht, on her return from the Grecian Archie pelago, picked her up and carried her home again. Mrs. Fitzmaurice at that time was in her usual-rather above her usual, in fact-for her Genoesel visit promised to be a singularly happy one, her mother and sister, the only members of her own family left to her, being there to welcomeher and to devote themselves to making her stay enjoyable. We steamed from Marseillee about mid- day on the 9th, and on the even icg of the 11th, late at night-at which time the incident I wish to describe occurred, were pretty well over the passage- midway, roughly speaking betwixt Sardinia and Sicily. How vindidly I recall that evening now. It was moonlight. The moon was throwing abroard her light so clear that the night was almost like day The sea, without a shore in sight lay as calm and smooth and silent as a mirror spread down to reflect the beautiful vault above, and save the throb and splash of the screw not a sound disturbed those " silent watches of the night." Fitzmaurice, the captain, and I for an hour or more had been sitting on the stern taffrail, smoking and yarning away, until, as near as we could guess, it must have been somewhere about a quarter to eleven. Then, though, a sudden and a startling suprise awaited us. Fitchett c. asped . something-the liushed c:y of a breathless amazement, and Fitzmautice and I looked to see what it was that could have so as tonished him. My glancing up to see this was, I need hardly say, merely the result of habit-there was little likelihood of me seeing much. Still, so far as I could see, there was nothing unusal. To them though, there appeared to be much unusal indeed, although my unfortunate short-sightedness alto gether shot me out from sharing their amazement. The captain's tones as he spoke were quick, gasping and almost whis pered-awed into solemnity in short and his whole manner that of a man who sees, but seeing can scarce be leive that what he sees, can be. " Look !"-he said, dropping his cigar arind laying his hand warningly on his employer's arm-" Good God, sir I Look,;sir-What's that I" I peered along the moonlit deck and in amongst its shadows without, asiI have said, seeing or understanding what could be meant, but whilst I was doing so the others had risen and, almost in the same action, were striding forward at the run-one on the port side the other on the star board-making a dash of it for the saloon companion. Then, before I could surmise their purpose, the two had descended the companion as if after a fugiutive criminal. I followed them but when I, with my neccessarily much more cautious pace, got below, I found all four-Fitzmaurice, Fitchett, Hardress, and Mac Laine-the two latter of whom, whilst we had been sitting smoking and yarning on deck, having been hard at it over the chess board rushing from cabin to cabin and from rec.ss to recess, and peeping and peering in each as they went, searching evidently for someone or something they feared might escape them. Their search soon ended, and after the four had ceased talking and chattering all at the one moment, I got for the first time the particulars of what to me had been one of the most strange and inexplicable mysteries I could well have wished for. Fitchett, it appeared, on glancing casually ahead along the deck had seen distinctly, "as plain, do you know as ever I set eyes on anything I ever seen in .all my born days," so ho affirmed---his eyes, even thaen, being as wide as if they had been dilated to twice their usual size-the form and figure of a lady who she was, or whom like, he could'nt say not for the life of him-he didn't know, and was mightily glad that he didin't. One thing though he did know and that was that as she advanced along the deck the lady had kept her eyes? steadfastly fixed on us three-not, he thought, on one in particular but on the whole three of us-Fitzmaurice, himself and me. Her face he des cribed as -" the saddest, pitifullcst, most sorrowful he had ever come across," and was sure altho'igh he couldnot swear as to that, that she was dressed in the deepest of deep mourninog. That was the vision he saw when he looked up and laid his hand on Mr. Fitzmaurice's arm. And that too was the vision Mr. Fitzmaurice had seen for himself when he looked up. He saw it just as Captain Fitchett had seen it-saw it glide, swiftly but noiselessly, forward-saw it pause, not to look on us three, as he believed and was more, and more convinced tile more he recalled it, on himself alone-then, as the figure prepared to descend the companion, he with the captain, was on his feet and down stairs and into the saloon in close pursuit. But the phanton then had vanished It had gone. as it had come-inper ceptibly, and at a moment. It had gone, and had left nothing but a sensation behind it-nothing but a foreboding of. something to follow, but how, or to whom, that something was to come, the event alone must tell One thing only was certain, and that was that when it did come it would come as a more real, and" an infinitely less transient, visitation. That was the feeling we all had-even sceptics, such as myself and Hardress. That such an apparition had been seen at all by M?. Fitzmaurice and Captain Fitchett, I feel convinced. Their character alone was a guar antee that it had. Still, I confess to thinking it strange that men of their stamp should allow themselves, after the sensation of the momnent had passed away, to be so affected by an illusion which sn all possibihty" owed its origin to the refraction of the moon's beams, and to nothing else. But on Fitzmaurice in particular the effect was really depressing. Quite confident that the visitation was: an omen of evil he took all sorts of dismal fancies-something was to happen to himself or" to his wife or to his family-the yacht perhaps was doomed-or there was some other disaster in store that would be sure to overhelm him. So, no reasoning removing his apprehensions, those of us sitting up, as we almost all did, throughout the night-those calm enough to think the circumstances over made it a point to jot down the hour and the minute of the day-the 11th July 1874, at 10.45 p.m.- on which he seemed to dwell as the hour of his misfortune. Next forenoon-jaded and out of sorts, the whole four of us- we made fast in Valetta harbour, and the yacht had hardly swung round on her chains when a message from one 'of the many boats alongside was hauled on board. It was a cable telegram, and as usual with such communi cations, was short and *to the point. But it came as a stunning confir. mation of the worst of our hosts fore bodings. At Toulon, at ten forty seven on the evening before, whilst seated at the supper table, Mrs. Fitzmaurice had fallen forward and . when picked up was found to be quite dead I This, I honestly confess, capped the climax for me. All my scientific and philosophic explanations were thrown at one cast to the winds and I hardly knew what to believe. I had heard of such things but in my view they were mere coincidences, or else fables of a too fanciful and too credulous imagination. This though was too stubborn a fact to argue aside in that manner. I miglit as well have hoped to crush a marble statue out of shape as to change these incidents. Yet now-even though I did then feel "almost persuaded," now 1 lhardly like to admit that ghosts- distinct. visible things, away and apart from ourselves, can, and really do, exist. I don't say they do not appear but my explanation of their appearing q is this, they are merely optical illusions, merely the product of the communion of souls in which I do believe, and that therefore they appear only to the retina of the eye of the person communicated with, and and are seen by him and him only. Else why, if it be a being essentIally supernatural should it be subject to the laws ofmattcr, asin this case? Why, to put it more plainly, should I, merely because I am short-sighted, not have seen that apparition that night as these two, Fitzmaurice and Fitchiett. did I Captain Fitchett had no more right, had he, to see it than I had ? But these are reflections offered merely for arguments sake and given for what they are worth. The rest are facts. and as facts I who write them, also vouch for them. 