THE CUSTER MASSACRE. It was in January 1876 that Gens. Cnster» Terry, and Crook begun a campaign against tho Sioux in Montana. At Rosebud on the Yellowstone, Terry established a camp and Custer kept on the search for. redskins. Crook, was detained in- another direction, which left Custer wilh a small force of men. Old Sitting Bull was the -medicine man of| the Sioux and gave them advice as to what they should do. On June 25, Caster struck Sitting Bull's trail and followed it "into the l ittle Big Horn valley. Cusler expecting a battle detached Major Bcno with seven companies to cross the Little Big' 'Horn river, and attack the enemy from the west. Custer dashed off to the right, Rmo was ou tbe left .and.. Benteen in tbe centre. Custer disappeared in the valUy and immediately after Beno and. Benteen were surrounded by Indians, and for 24 hours they fought desperately against overwhelming odds. While Keno and his men were bittling for tbeir lives they heard firing in tho direction taken by Custer. Itonly lasted a few; minutes snd then ceased. Then Terry arrived! from the. Yellowstone camp and Reno's command was saved. The Indians had all disappeared before Terry arrived. ! A search was then made for Custer. He was soon found dead with his men. Major Keno. was tried by Court Martial for failing to support Custer, He was a ruined man, but there have always been doubts as to the justness of his punishment, for it is thought by many that Reno did well to save bis command from massacre. And many people were not slow in blaming, Gen. Custer for dashing into the trap he did,, when by a little strategy he might have' given battle to the reds and inflicted a severe, punishment upon them. But he waited for no one and some who knew him well say that bin desire to win all the glory for Custer, led him t» charge tfce enemy instead of waiting for Reno. But, who can tell ? Custer died and not one. of h : s brave band was'permitted to escape to^ tell the history of - that charge. Such is the brief history of the Custer massacre. 4 It is many years now since that desperate charge was made by General Custer, and during those years I met with men who had visited the Custer battle field. I also met a number of Sioux who were in the battle, and from .different sources I picked up all the information T could in relation to the massacre. 4 Some years ago I met Frank Yates, an Indian agent. Frank had a brother in the 7th Cavalry (Custer's regiment) whs died by Custer's side., When I saw Yates he had charge of old Kainin-the-Face. a chief who took the lead in the Custer massacre. Rain-in the-Face was the Indian who, after the battle, cut out Tom Custer's htarr, and bit a picce out of it. Tom Custer was a brother of Gen. Custer, and when Rain-in-the-Face cut bis heart out he was fulfilling a vow. Some time before the Sioux went on the warpath, Tom Custer had struck Kain-' in-the-Face for some trivial matter. 'The old Indian looked him in the face and said : " Tom Custer, I will cut your heart out for. that some day." | Re kept his vow. Gen. Custer's body was not mutilated, and bis death was sudden for he was shot in tbe bead. Another story of the massacre which • was told to me by Yates, who got it from the Indians, was that of a soldier who was with Custer when they charged tho Indians. When this soldier saw that they were in a trap, he wheeled his horse and dashed away toward the open valley. Several Indians followed him and he finally gave up all hope and drawing a pistol he shot himself in the head. The Indians declared to Yates that the soldier bad a better horse than any of theirs and that they were just going to give up the chase when they saw the fleeing man shoot himself. _ But let us not call it a battle, for it was., simply a massacre. Lately there bas been a number of stories published in regard to Custer, and among tbem is one related by a soldier who was left behind with Benteeu when Custer started off to find Sitting Bull. This soldier' says that he was one of the first men to reach; the Custer battle field, and from the signs which he saw he camc to the conclusion that Custer and his men were not given a chance to strike* one blow. The men lay in rows upon Ihe ground and they had evidently fallen together. They rode into the very group of the Indians* who were concealed not fifteen feet away when they poured a volley into the little bind which literally melted away like smoke before a, breeze. Custer's cavalry, the Seventh regiment, was always the bitterest foe of the feioux. Th« Seventh had harassed the Indians for years and the Indians were glad of a chance to wipe out a third of the entire regiment. Years after when the ghost danciDg began, and the Sioux war broke out at Pine Ride agency, the Seventh was again sent into the field to face their old foes, ind it was then the old Seventh came very near i>eing annihilated.Tbe regiment was surrounded, md actually being overwhelmed by numbers ivhen the Eleventh arrjved and saved the old regiment. And the regiment which came tv» ;he rescue was a negro regiment. ' t ^ Recent surveys show that one-sixtt^<„f the State of Oregon, something over 000,000 icres, is covered with dense forests. ' A species of raimte Brazilian spider spins webs so fine that it takes 4,000 of them twisted together to equal the diameter of a human hair. The mortality among cattle at sea resulting from cruelty, want of water, &c.;, was formerly jut down at sixteen per cent., while at the iresent time it is one per cent. THERE ARE ;I!vmt 070,00(1 acres under, tea rultiwition in l?ririsli Iii'li.i. THE liitu Kiuprror Fn-ilerkk on all HI? ::»np:ii.aiis i:;-. .1 to f-nrrv with him his military hymn W a present from his consort. THE srrowlh <'f irirls is jn- eafesi, t; :(.; t year. ;md that of bovs in «h fi e« 7c.'_. Thi; ilcf-pcst irold mines in A istr.iha are iL^Jala. at Stawell, 2,40 fjel, au*-- s, at Sandhurst' - 