The: EnglishCongregational Union. The fifty-seventh autumnal assembly of the Con- gregational Union of England and . Wales met at Leicester on September 28, under the chairmanship of tho Rev. J. Morlais Jones. ?. This is the third visit of the union to Leicester, and about 1000 ministers and delegates are reported to have been present. ' The annual sermon was preached by thel Rev. P.'T. Forsyth, M.A., D.D., from John xvii., ll-"Holy Eather." It is described as a fine in- tellectual effort, delivered to an appreciative and sympathetic audience, and occupying fifty- five min- utes in its delivery. The total abstinence . meet- ing, held in tho Temperance Hall of Leicester, was a great success. 'Two thousand three hundred and twelve Congregational ministers are total abstain- ers, and 94 per cent, of the theological students in " tho colleges. The chairman's address^ delivered the second day of the assembly, occupied an hour and twenty minutes in delivery, and was on "The Church Without a Pulpit." The idea occurred to him on a visit to Constantinople, where he found that the English Church, "a grand structure lav- ishly ornamented, upon which an almost incredible sum had been spent," had for its pulpit á ridicu- lous-looking small wooden box, into which a man could scarcely creep. The architect who designed the church had thought a pulpit unnecessary, and many nowadays seem to share his view. Mr. Moríais Jones dwelt on the growing impatience with preaching, the unwillingness of congregations to listen for more than twenty minutes, and the nu raoróus outside functions which the preacher is expected to fulfil. But he maintained that neither, books nor newspapers can take the place of the living voice. -"The book is only the ghost of the message; I want the living man." The address Avas rich in practical wisdom both for preachers and hearers, and will take rank among the ablest of recent utterances from the chair of the union. The church Avithout a pulpit has no vital hold on human life, no influence on the destiny of the AA'orld. Its home is in decaying cities,-side by sido Avith the. Mosque and the Sultan's Palace, among a people given over to alien creeds. When! the chairman concluded his address and retired for a short rest, the Rev. Dr. Guinness.Rogers tem- porarily assumed.the chair; the,assembly, carrying Avith enthusiasm a resolution , congratulating the Queen on the length" and prosperity of her reign. Tho programme of the business which came before the assembly during ^ the week of meeting occupies two-thirds of a newspaper- column of closely printed matter, and included reports, discussions, papers on various aspects of church work and debates thereon, re coptlon of delegates from other churches, &c;, public meetings, and other functions. . 'A public reception was given by the Mayor, 2Ö0O invitations being issued. A great meeting was held in the interests of home missions; the subjects including "aggressive work in rural districts,'' "aggressive .Ävorkün large" toAÁ'ns,'* änd "neA\K demands arising out of the sacerdotal tendency of the times;" Another subject Avhlch occupied the uniones earn- est attention was Sunday school .reform, Avhich was introduced by a paper by-Professor Adéney, of New College, and was very ably discussed. Foreign '. missions and . national education?: questions" also held a conspicuous place, and-every phase of Non- conformist .Church enterprise appears tb have been dealt with.' The Armenian massacres and the po- sition of the Madagascar churchos, and schools and such like matters could not ,pf oburso be over- booked.- In connection Avith tiie business Ave no- tice the names of Mrs. Ll. D. Bevan (of Mel- bourne) and Mrs. G. Reading (of Brisbane). The lecretary (the Rev. W. J.. Woods, E.A.) had suffl. 'ciently recovered from'his recent illness as to be able to be present and perform the duties devolv- ing upon him, and the reports to hand make it ap- parent that this meeting at Leicester has been a I memorable one in the records of ' Congregational- ism. - ? ' ' The committee of the Senatus of- Aberdeen Uni- versity, had récommendèd at- the end of September that Dr. J. P. G-loag be asked to conduct the Bibli- cal Criticism Class for the ensuing winter, pending the decision of the PriAry Council, re Professor. Johnston's class. Dr. Gloag is an ex-iVTóderatbr of the General Assembly, and has published numerous Avorks.on,Biblical criticism.. j V . ;TJie.!Queen has signified her willingness to receivéí thé1' petition, elgned in 44 languages by 7,000,000 o£ her woman'subjects in all parta'of the Avorld, pray- ing for Increased, protection- against the evils of the! liquor - traffic and the opium trade. Aa it is im- possible to present the immense roll, the pages havel been photographed, and magnificently hound in twol larga .volumes, .the title pages being beautifully illu- minated, the whole .having been prepared under-the! direction of the World's Women's Christian Tem;« penance Nnion, 