THE V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. DUNGAN WINS THE BIG EVENT. A RACE IN MUD AND RAIN, MELBOURNE, Sunday.— The 16th Grand Na tional meeting of the V.R.C. was concluded ou Saturday under the most unpleasant conditions, rain falling without intermission throughout the afternoon, and depriving the sport of a great deal of its Interest. However the excellent at tendance which patronised headquarters was a gratifying evidence of the passion which the public have for cross-couutry sport. Tho lawn was one of the chief sufferers by the week's rain, and even, had Mr. Moore not had It roped off, the ladles would, all the same, have promenaded the less-alluring but well-sheltered passage at the back of tho stand. The only section who seemed impervious to the drenching rain were the bookmakers, who were well compensated by the downfall of the favorites for the soaking they received and the risks they took of perma nent rheumatism. Lord Brassey. accompanied by Lady Brassey and his guests, Lord Hampden aud Lady Hampdeu, and a party from Sydney, ar rived just prior to the first race. Although a large number waited lu the shelter to see the G.N. Steeplechase candidates as they came into the straight, a more numerous com pany made an excursion Into the birdcage, and eyed each horse more critically than would have been expected, more especially as the rain Just prior to the race, and during the race, was very soaking. Bellamy was very proud of his pair. Larnook and Whernside, and Mr. A. Miller made no secret of his belief that the former had a real good chance, even despite tho spongy course which was much against a heavily weighted and rather long-striding horse like Larnook. Harri son had not given Dungan much severe work dur ing the week, and he looked all the better for it. Whilst conceding that he looked a picture of con dition tho critics would not give him a chance over such heavy country with 12st. 91b. , but they forgot that he acted splendidly In the mud when I10 beat Joi iu the Onkaparinga Steeplechase, and had on other occasions acquitted himself credit ably in damp going. The Ballarat pair, Dondi and Walter, showed evidence of careful training, and there was a small army of followers from the golden city down to back them. Mikado II., whom Gardner delivered at post in fine condition, was the subject of very solid support nt the last moment, the idea being that as he is a safe jumper, and had a comparatively light weight, he would be sure to plod with credit over the three miles, and, especially if some'of the others did not act well in the mud, nearly win. Timonl's grey coat showed that he had done plenty of work, and old Songster, although despised in the betting, looked very fit. Jol's appearance ' gave general satisfaction, and he retained his position in the betting market up to the flag fall. Grandwlng was perhaps, the fittest horse in the race, and Mr. J. B. Clark was very sanguine. Leap Year and Mercury were not very much fancied, and Quick- light was more or less under suspicion, the Flem ington touts being very doubtful of her chance. The run for the Grand National is described below. The finish was the prettiest sight seen in a steeple chase at headquarters for some time. It was im possible to say what would win from the abattoirs till the post was reached. Dondl and Songster seemed to have the race between them approach ing the turn, and a hoarse roar of delight from the ring indicated the danger of another burst up. The rlngmen were the first to discover that Jo! was beaten, as he came into the straight, and just as they wero speculating which horse would suit them best, the top weight came away inside the distance, and Carey, riding perhaps the most desperate race of his life, just managed to stall off the grey Timoui, who came like a ghost in his wake, and won a magnificent race, all out by a long neck. Had the race been 10yds. further Tlmonl would probably have wou, as the top weight was showing signs of distress, and Timonl's weight was beating him for pace. It was a tremen dously popular win. "Good horse, good owners," cried those who had lost, and those who had won, and the enthusiasm of the crowd was demonstrated again and again. The disappoint ment of the race was distinctly Joi. When the field bad gone two miles he was a beaten horse, accidents that he had in the race being the cause. Old Mikado II. plodded along as expected, but the pace wns too strong for him, and Grandwlng needed a little more toe. Following are details of the racing:— OPEN HURDLE RACE. Two miles. H. Howard's Billy Boy, aged, 10.12 (Howard) .... 1 J. Key's Freestep, aged, 9.7 (John Hayes) 2 S. Miller's Ouyen, Cy., 9.12 (Robertson) 3 Other starters: Blackflag 11.13 (Jas. Ilayes), Whale bone 10.10 (H. Cripps), Glendower 10.10 (Smith), Zouroff 10.8 (Barbour), Allrlght 10.S (Fallon), Sum- merlea 10.7 (Roberts), Chummle 9.8 (Douglas), Have- lock 9.7 (Reed), Carlsruhe 9.11 (Andrews), Eloa 9 (Veal). Betting: 5 to 1 v. Ouyon, 6 to 1 v. Allrlght, 7 to 1 v. Blackflag and Zouroff, 8 to 1 v. Whalebone and Chummle, 10 to 1 v. Billy Boy. Ouyen led over the first hurdle from Zouroff, Sum- merlca, nnd Blackflag. Allrlght joined Ouyen at the stond, and led out of the straight from Ouyen, Sum- merlon, aud Carlsruhe. The latter took command along the river, with Ouyen, Billy Boy, Eloa. and Zouroff In close attendance, Passing the abattoirs Billy Boy. Zouroff improved his position at the turn and led Into the straight from Ouyen and All- right. Billy Boy and Freestep had the fleld beaton at tho distance, and a good race home resulted in a long-neck win for Billy Boy. and Freestep beat Ouyen by three lengths. Blackflag was fourth, Chummle fifth, Glendower sixth. Zouroff seventh, llavclock eighth, Carlsruhe last. Time, flmin. SS'Ascc. LAWN HANDICAP. Six furlongs. S. Grlffiths's Boston, 2yrs.f 7.2 (Griffiths) 1 S. Miller's Miss Gladstone, 4yrs., 7.11 (Carson) ... 2 J. Thompson's Sunbury, 5yrs., S.C (Thomas) 3 Other starters; Wilton 8.13 (Dawes), Bayronaid 8.10 (Gleunon), Moorite 8.7 (Holmes), Emon-na-knuck 8.4 (Ivlmy), Lord Charles Scott 8.1 (Walker), Koran 8-1 (H. Morrison), Pickles 7.12 (Swan), Sinking Fund 7.12 (W. Redfearn), Mercia 7.10 (Shaw), Eureka 7.9 Power), Wicket 7.6 (R. Lewis), and Trentina 6.12 (Banning). Betting: 9 to 2 v. Eureka. 7 to 1 v. Koran and Emon-na-knuck, 8 to v. Boston, 10 to 1 v. Sinking Fund and others. Miss Gladstone was tho first under the barrier, followed by Moorlto and Bayronaid. At half a mile Moorite had a lead from Wilton, with Miss Gladstone, Boston, Sinking Puna, and Bayronaid In that order. Wilton was leading nt tho distance, with Miss Glad stone, Boston, and Eureka in close attendance. Bos ton shot to the front at the half-distance, and beat Miss Gladstone home by a length, Sunbury being third three-parts of a length behind. Pickles was fourth. Eureka fifth, Emon-na-knuck sixth, Lord Charles Scott seventh, Trentina eighth, and Bay ronaid last. Time, lmin. 19%see. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. About three miles. J. C. and E. Manifold's Dungan, Gyrs., 12.9 (M. Carey) 1 E. Browne's Tirnonl, aged, 9.8 (.Mr. G. Brewer) .. 2 R. Chlrnsido's Dondl, a., 12.2 (Smith) 3 Other starters: Larnook 12 (Mr. Cox), Quicklight 11.9 (W. Douglas). Joi 11.9 (J. E. Brewer), Mikado II. 11.6 (Mooney), Grandwlng 10.13 (P. Ryan), Songster 10.9 (J. Lavcrty), Walter 10.7 (J. Barbour), Mercury 10.2 (John Hayes), Whernside 9.12 (C. F. Robertson), and Leap Year 9.5 (E. Morris). Betting: 4 to 1 v. Joi, 7 to 1 v. Mikado II., 10 to 1 v. Dungan, Dondi, Tlmoni, and Whernside, 12 to 1 v. Walter, Larnook. and Quicklight. 15 to 1 v. Grand wlng and Leap Year, 20 to 1 v. Songster, 30 to 1 v. Mercury. A splendid start was effected, and Quicklight went to tho front, followed by Joi, Dungan, Larnook, and Mikado II., with Leap Year last. Whernside led over the first fence, attended by Joi, and then followed Dungan, Larnook. Quicklight Tlmoni, Walter, and Songster, with Leap Year last. Leap Year fell at the next jump, and Tlmoni took command from Quick- light. Walter, and Joi, with Dondi last. At tho stone wall Quicklight was leading from Songster, Whernside, Larnook, Tlmoni. Walter, and Joi, with Mercury last. Songster joined Quicklight Into the straight, and led over the first of the treble from Songster, Tlmoni, Whernside, and Larnook. The last- named came down at the next Jump, and his stable companion, Whernside, struck the fence opposite the stand and toppled over. Quicklight and Songster were again abreast passing the judge's box, and the pair led along the river nt a merry pace a length In , front of Tlmoni. and then followed Grandwlng, Dondl, Joi. Walter, and Duncan, with Morrnrv n hurl Inst Dondl improved his position at the back, and was leading at the six furlong post, with Walter a length behind, and then came Songster, Tlmoni. and Joi. The atone wall still saw Dondl going strongly at the head of Songster and Tlmoni, who wore together just In front of Walter. Mikado II. Joi, Grandwlng. and Dungan, Quicklight stopping. This order was maintained round the home turn, and Dondi took tho last fence a few feet in advance of Songster, and then came Tlmoni, Dungan, Joi, and Mikado II. Dondi led Into the straight, whore Dungan imme diately challenged, and Tlmoni made a forward move. At the distance Dondl was Joined by Tlmoni, and Dun gan a few strides later passed them. A splendid race home ensued, and in the last few strides Tlmoni was overhauling Dungan, who, however, landed the race by a long neck from Tlmonl. with Dondl a length and a half away, and Songster fourth two lengths behind Dondi. Walter was fifth. Mikado II. sixth, Songster seventh. Joi eighth, and Mercury and Quick- light cautered In. Time, Gmio. 58sec. JULY HANDICAP. One mile. W. R. Wilson's Merman. 2y., 7.6 (II. Morrison) ... 1 S. Miller's Miss Gladstone, 4y., 7.9 (J. Carson) ... 2 W. Clare's Amadous, 5y., 7.13 (J. Anwin) 3 Other starters: Disparity 9.5 (Tomlin), Carlton 8.5 (E. Power), Beau Brumniel 8 (Darby), Upshot 7.5 (Powell), Callum Mohr 7.3 (Cunningham), Martini 1 (Hearn). and Alone 6.7 (R. Lewis). Betting: 4 to 1 v. Upshot, 6 to I v. Beau Brummol and Callum Mohr, 7 to 1 v. Carlton and Alone, 8 to 1 v. Merman, 10 to 1 v. Miss Gladstone nnd others. Martini led off, but Upshot soon afterwards took command, and led past the six furlongs post from Alone, Merman, and Martini. Upshot was leading at the turn, but was disposed of by Alone, who led into the straight, from Upshot, Beau Brummel. Mer man, and Miss Gladstone. Beau Brummel had a slight advantage at (he distance, with Merman, Miss Gladstone, and Amadeus In close attendance. Mer man easily disposed of the loader, and beat Miss Gladstone home by half a length, Amadeus a nose behind the mare. Martini was fourth, Carlton fifth, Callum Mohr sixth. Beau Bruimnel seventh, Upshot eighth, and Alone last. Time, lmin. 4,/i;sec. OPEN STEEPLECHASE. Two miles. J. and W. Lindsay's Vigil, 5y.. 9.2 (Barbour) ... 1 C. F. Glasscock's Larrikin, a., 11 (J. Cameron) ... 2 C. Carter's Glen view, a.. 9.7 (Douglas) 3 Other starters: Dart 12,5 (W. S. Cox). Balmaghle, 11.12 (J. Roberts), Fine View 11.12 (J. Smith). School boy 9.11 (Wilcox), Rechristened 9 (E. M'Mahon), and Queen Bee 9 (E. Morris). Betting: 5 to 1 v. Larrikin, G to 1 v. Dart, 6 to 1 v. Balmaghie, and Vigil, 7 to 1 v. Fine View, 10 to 1 v. others. Larrikin led over tho first jump from Vigil and Rechristened. Glenvleiy assumed command into the straight, and led to the six furlongs post, with Larrikin and Vigil In closo atetndance. Vigil headed the field at the sheds, and led over the last fence from Larrikin. Queen Bee, and Gletivlew. Larrikin iva< first into th® straight, with Vigil on his quar- ters. and a splendid fiQlsh resulted la a win fof Vigil In the last few strides by a head, with Glenvlew third twelve lengths away. Balmaghle was fourth. Fine View fifth, Schoolboy sixth, and Rechristened last. Time, 4mln. 22sec. 