Cardinal Moran and the Re union of Christendom. Cardinal Moran, preaching on Sunday last in St. Mary's Cathedral, made several references to the reunion of Christendom. The blessings brought by the coming of the Holv Ghost (said the Cardinal) never ceased to abound in Holy Church. With the perfection of sanctity and the perfec tion of charity established by the Holy Ghost, and enriched as they were by all the other blessings and gifts of Divine love, it was not sufficient that they in these days of difficulty and danger should content themslves with what might be called the humdrum occupation of saving their own souls. It was their duty to perfect them selves according to the spirit of the Holy Ghost, and to conform their lives to the lessons of heavenly truth and wisdom taught by our Saviour, and perfected by the coming of the Holy Ghost on Pente cost. It was their duty, too, to lead others through the paths of truth to the fountains of everlasting life. As they were all chil dren of Christ they must love one another ; and the wondrous love of Our Saviour must be their type of charity, and their model in extending charity to those around them. One feature of this charity he de sired to specially mention. It was that they should extend their charity to those not of the Catholic faith. One of the most distinguished statesmen of our own time had given expression to the sentiment that 11 to serve Christ and Christianity was the most heroic deed that a man could accom plish in our day.' He the (Cardinal) wished that these words were emblazoned in every Christian household throughout this fair land. It might seem strange that when he urged them to love their holy faith and to show courage is defending it he should say that they must love those who were not of the fold. He did not wish his words to be misunderstood. If they looked around them they saw on all sides thoBe who misrepresented Catholic teach ing and misinterpreted Catholic practices, those who calumniated the Church and assailed its principles. Was it any wonder, then, that those educated amidst these mists of prejudice, and amidst the encir cling darkness of these calumnies, should wage war against the Church ? He was speaking of those who were not themselves really hostile to the Church. Perhaps it would be more correct to say that they waged war not against the Church but against a phantom set up by enemies, and presented to the world as the Catholic Church. Only a few weeks ago a Protes tant bishop in England, in his charge to his clergy, said that the Roman Catholic Church set the Pope on a par with the Blessed Trinity. The smallest Catholic child could have told this Bishop that such teaching would be regarded by us as blasphemy ; yet such blasphemies were set forth by many as if they were the true teachings of the Church. Had they not among themselves heard these things a thousand times 1 Had they not been told quite recently that they adored the Blessed Virgin ; that they gave her the homage and adoration due to God alone? The Church, through her prelates and priests, had repuJiated this a thousand times ; yet even now, in the pnlpit and in the press, and by leaders of Protestant com munions, this old calumny was revived and repeated. But these attacks were really not on the Church, but on a gro tesque phantom Bet up by its enemies. Catholics should not therefore blame those who attacked this phantom believing it t6 be Catholic truth and Catholic teaching. They were really our brothers in arms, one with us in spirit, and were fighting with us the battle of truth, and of faith in fighting this phantom of false doctrine. In doing so they were really serving the cause of truth and the Church. Catholics should love them, and should pray that God would send them the grace to see the beauty of Catholic truth, and that He would lead them into the fold of the One True Shepherd- It was for this that the present illuBtratious sovereign Pontiff, Leo XIII., addressed that beauti ful encyclical letter to those not of the faith. He invited them to enter into the reunion of Christendom, he invited them to learo. the true teaching of the Chutch of Christ, and to come to the true fold to re ceive the kiss of peace. It should be the fervent Catholic prayer during these days of Pentecost that Almighty God would bestow His blessings on each and every child of Christ, that He would preserve the Divine truth in their minds, and give ihem ilia courage in their hearts to emulate the heroism of those who had suffered and tiiumphcd for the faith in the past ages of the history of the Church. It should be their prayer to God to keep burning in their henria the fire of Divinu charity. They should pray to the Holy Ghost to descend upon them, and to give to all who bear the Christian name the grace to know and the strength to serve God. They should pray that God would in his all-embracing love and mercy gather all Christians into his fold so that all might become one in faith —that all might receive with the kiss of peace the promise of immortal life from the great Shepherd of Souls. 