BOOKS FOR THE YOUNG. Messrs. Blackie & Son, of London, Glasgow, and Dublin, who are among the foremost of the publishers who cater especially for young people, have fiuiiisliied us with samples of ihis season's juvenile literature, accompanied by a catalogue. which shows that their entire selec tion is a very extensive one.Boys and girls are both well served, the former with thrilling adventures and' the latter with stories of a quieter and more domeesio turn. There is in fact an all but unlimited choice, which might prove a source of embarif'.ssiiitiit to the benevolent parent or guardian but for the circumstance that he cannot go far wrong in his purchase, since the publishers l.uvts lunar enjoyed the reputation of issuing nothing but wholesome and entertaining literature. The youngsters are certain to be pleased, and if their spirit of emulation, be fired at all it will be in the right direction. G. A. Henty, a voluminous writer, as he is an old favorite, . is this year represented by several works, two of which are to hand. In 'A Knight of the White. Cross' he takes his readers back to the middle ages, and enter tains them withcan account of the prowess of the famous Knights Hospitallers of St. John. It is a fine story, capitally told, and embellished by a dozen page illustrations. 'Through Russian Snows,' by the same author, retells the dreadful story of Napoleon's insane expedi tion to Russia in 1812. The historical interest of the tale is enhanced by an excellent map, while eight illustrations serve as aids to the youthful imagination. Dr. Gordon Stables, another exceedingly popular writer for boys, has deserted his favorite grounds of adventure in the Arctic seas or ou the coast of Africa, aud in 'For Life and Liberty ' has writtena taleof theCivil Warin America inl8Gl. His hero, an English youth, is unfortunately on the wrong side in the quarrel. However, his adventures in the army, aud those of hia friend Kenneth in the navy, furnish a sort of divided interest verr gratifying to tho young reader in whom nautical and military tastea are combiued. Hugh St. Leger's 'Hal- low'een, ahoy,' is a bracing story of adventure at sea, embellished like the previous volume with several illustra tions. It is a thrilling- story which may cap tivateeven older folk, for the simple and forcible style imparts a sort of verisimilitude even to the incident of a derelict on the high seas haunted by a ghost. The illustrations, by H. J. Draper, are remarkably Rood. A story which ought specially to appeal to Aus tralian bovs. pntitlnd 'Hia Vintf. K.incr.irnn '* by Arthur Ferres, shows what a capital time a lad may have on an Australian cattle station in rounding up wild cattle, taming buck jumpers, and hunting kangaroos. Anotherstory of colonial interest, illustrated, like the fore sroiug volume, by Percy Spence is entitled 'Tho Secret of the Australian Desert, 'aud is by the well-known Australian writer, Ernest Favenc, who draws his inspiration from the records of Leichardt's expedition. In this story amuse ment and instruction are combined, for no one can speak with better authority on tho subject of Australian exploration than Mr. Favenc, who couples with his knowledge an exceedingly graphic pen. 'A Musical Genius,' by the author of 'The Two Dorothys,' is a modern story of the adventures of a talented young violinist whom success in no way spoils ; the illustrations aro by J. H. .Bacon. 'For the Sake of a Friend' is a tale of Melbourne school girl life by Margaret Parker, who does justice to the vivacity, sweetness, and cleverness of Australian girls. The story is illustrated by G. D. Hammond, who also sup plies the pictures for Geraldine Mockler's 'Proud Miss Sydney,'' a young lady who by dint of long striving overcomes habits of sel fishntss and follv. A different eirl is 'WilfulJoyce,' whose career is narrated by W. L. Rooper. Her besetting sin is disobedience, which brings her into numerous scrapes, and which she does not overcome till shy has a narrow escape from drowning. The illustrations aro by Harold Copping. 'The Ball of Fortune,' by Charles Pearce, is a tale of London life, and shows how a neglected street Arab came into possession of a strange bequest by a sea captain. From the first page to the last there is romantic adventure and incident in abundance. The works, which range from 6s. to Is. 6d., are issued in a variety of attractive cloth bindings. 