YACHTING YABBER. (By Jack yard.) The 1896-7 yachtiDg season bowed itself ia with customary grace on the P« <rt River on Saturday afternoon last. There was much hilarity, and wind, and band, and yachts connected with the band ; in fact there was a much ness of everything except " God save the Queen." Doubtless, as Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton was present, it was considered he could save the Queen if the necessity arose, and if such is the case then the writer urges an imme diate increase in the salary of the Governor in view of the increased responsibility attached to the office. Yachting demonstrations never be come stereotyped, but descriptions of the same do, and this poor scribe pauses at this particular moment to wipe away some of the perspiration that has gathered upon an old womanly brow, and to think what is there that is unconventional that can be said about a pretty procession of natty vessels. But it hurts one to think. L°t us dream ; yes, dream the winner of the Mel bourne Cup—now an easy matter. As the fleet passed down stream one could not help thinking that there were one or two large absentees. But what the show lacked in magnitude was compensated for by its dignified picturesqueness. (Dignified picturesque ness is alright I think.) There was one thing which the procession brought to light, however, and the same should be brought under the notice of the Marine Board. That is, the marvellous capa city exhibited by the banks of the Port River for indiscriminately wandering round and getting underneath the keels of yachts that think they are safely in mid stream or thereabouts. Banks are bad things to have anything to do with at any time, but when they are found wandering round the river in a careless, unconcerned sort of fashion, casually catching hold of lead keels and the like, it is un questionably high time that the ghost of saturated justice should rise up and deal with the said banks. The fleet consisted of Mr. F. H. Poole's Beatrice, Yice - Commodore Fisher's Maggie, Rear - Commodore Sanderson's Meralte, Mr. J3. W. Pea ce's E'ichantress, Mr. A. Martin's Miranda, Messrs. Gall, Giles, and Randell s Idler, Messrs. Bruce and Wilson's Solace, Mr. C Ring's Leander, Mr. R. Cruickshank's Satanella, Mr. E. N. Dewhirst's Doris, Captain Smith's Katie, Mr. G. Pedler's Waterlily, Mr. E. F. Belt's Fern, Mr. T. C. Winnerah's Siola, Mr. E. Farrows Niricha, Mr. C. D. Tassie's Dauntless, Mr. W. J. Vandenburg's Evander, Dr. Dawes's Atalanta, and one or two boats not connected with the squadron. On Saturday evening two or three members of a yacht club which has not yet celebrated its opening demonstra tion were strolling round the city with a deal of brass attached to their per sonages. It was not the brass as much as the behaviour of the gentlemen in question that made several people enquire, " What vessel dresses its stewards up so grandly and sends them round the city as an advertisement for its 1 missing word' department ?" Commodore Munton and Miss Munton, the former of the Holdfast Bay Yacht C'ub, will return from Europe in the course of the next few days. 