: BRITISH AND FOREIGN. Complaints against lsdies wearing haul of Abnormal sir i in theatres have been frequent enough io London of late, and.lt appears that a similar sta'.e of affairs exists in Ohio, whore sn energetic. Legislature has lost no time in protecting -playgoers sgalnBta serious nnlunce. Ihe Ohio Legislature has passed a law forbidding women to wear large liats at theatres, and imposing a fine of 10 dollars upon any manager for each bat he allows to be worn in his theatre. pbstructing the view of the audience of tbe etage'. Ihe measure is applicable to headgear of any kind. A CUneBpOPUCUl WJUlCD IV lug St. JOIUGg QazMe :— A lady was ridingthe other das la an omutbus Along' Oxford-street when a person in clerical attire followed her into the vehicle and sat by her Bide, Shortly afterwards he got out of the 'bus, and the. lady, feeling for her purse, found It had been stolen. The behavior of the ' clergy man ' led to the suspicion that he waB the thief. On reachiog borne the lady found in her pocket a large diamond ring. Tbe purse contained but a few shillings, and the lady ?old the' ring, left by the pickpocket, for £40. A giant oak was cut down in the forest of Ghatalleranlt, France, recently which would bavo delighted the heart of Mr Glad Btonc. The tree was calculated to bo more than GOO years old, the village records speak ing to the authenticity of the claim. It covered an area of 700 square yards, and when cut down I urolBhod 152 huge faggots of wood, ^6 square yards of wood for build ing and other purposes, and 61 square yards of firewood. The circumference of tho trunk was 20 feet. The return made to the Science and Art department regarding the manner In which the local authorities of the United Kingdom are applying funds to the purposes of technical education shows that the total amount, so expended during 1898-t was £647 691, and that the estimated expenditure for 1891-5 was £737,420. The above amounts are exclusive of the sums devoted to inter mediate and technical education under the WclBh Intermediate Education Act, 1889, the local authorities of tbe Principality and Monmouthshire devoting ^practically the whole of the residue grant to tbiB end. The latest ghost story comes from the North. It appears that ths inhabitants of Bolden colliery, near Sunderland, arc much excited at prescjat owing to a brltef that Hedworth church is haunted. It is stated that a ghost-like figure appears regularly on one of the church windows. The figure haB now been seen for over a month, and is Mid to resemble a former victr. Ihe report of the London Schools Swim ming Association states that there was last year an increase to 22 in tbe Dumber of locil branches, and the number of schools affiliated bas grown from 200 to nearly 300, while over 10,000 children were taught to swim during 1895\. The executive appeal to tbe public for more liberal nipport» The Japanese battleship Fuji was success fully launched at the Thames Iron works Company's yard. The ceremony was per formed by Mmo. Kato, wife of tho Japanese Minister. Ab the vwiel started down the ways a number of plgeonB were released from a gaily-decorated cage suspended to her bows, this feature being cistomary at the launch of Japanese vessel;, and corres ponding in *a manner lo the religious ceremony mual at the christening of BrlUsh ?hips , As the Fuji Is the heaviest battle ship ever launched from any slip el'h r in a public or private vard — her weight beiog nearly 7600 tons and her length over al being about 412ft.— every detail of the lau-cb had to be worked ont with Ihe greatest csrc, the reeposaibilltiri attending it being enormously increased by the narrow nesB of the waterway into which so largo and weighty a (hip had to bo transferred. In addition to the great oare taken to ensure a i ucceSEful putting of the vessel into the water, a large expenditure bad to be in curred in entering it. The Windward, of the Jackson-Harmworth expedition, will leave again for the Arctic sou early in June. Ihe Windward will carry a budget of letters tor Dr. NanB5n, on tbe cbance of failing In with bim north of Franc Josef Lind. More members will be sent out to recruit tbe JjckBon-Harmsworth expedition. The Windward will call at Archangel. The organisers of tbe expedi tion are in communication with Mr Andree, the projwtor of tbe balloon -voyage lco wards the Pole, who, in view of the possi bility of his balloon drifting in a south easterly direction, is receiving full particu lars of the depots which have been estab lished by Mr Jackson. The Cape Observatory will shortly have added to it a large t-clescipe aa1 other in struments, the gilt of Mr Maclean, of Tun bridge Wells, and the building for its recep tion is now in course of erection. The cost, of the telescope and instruments is estimated at £10,000. In addition, there will be a spectroscope for the determination of the line of sight. Dr. Gill, the Astronomer Uoyal at tbc Cape, is going to' Europe to attend ths CoDgresBof Astronomers to be held in Paris. Tbe Duke of Abercsrn presided at a meet log In Bampden-house, Grcen-sLrrcst, at which it was decided to raise a memorial fund in recognition of Mr George Augustus Sala's long and distinguished journalistic work. It has been decided by the Huxley Memorial Committee to strike a medal for award by the Royal College of Bcience, London, and possibly for other purposes. The committee desire to obtain the design for the medal, if possible, by competition. The Benown, battleship, on her first official speed trials cf eight hours' duration, wii h natural draught, got up a main speed of 17*9 knots, or one knot more than her designers anticipated. Mr Hiram Maxim haB pu». the tricycle to a new and an important use. H' haB fitted the machino with two Maxim guns, leach weighing 2Mb, and capable of firing 600 rounds a micntr. Each machine will carry There bas beco an cxoduB of students from »b, uoic, uujii^c, uurnam, lor me craiuing of Church schoolmasters. The student* complained that the meat was unwholesome, and rose In a body from the dinner-table, afterwards proceeding to their homes. The Military Manoeuvres Bill will estab lish, if passed, a sort of martial law in such part* of the country as may be selected for the training of troops. People walking over commons or thoir neighbors' fields, with out their permission, may be fined or im prisoned. Mr G. A. Snolliswoodc presided over the annual meeting of tbc Printers' Pension, Almsbouse, and Orphan Asylum Corpora tion. The report of the Council stated tbat in 1895 £2971 had bees paid la pensions. Ihe Prince of Wales beoame patron duiing the yeir and presided at the hut festival, when the subacrlplioaB announocd amounted to £5147. The Archbishop of Canterbury will preside at the next anniversary festival. The Lord Chief Justice cf England has accepted an Invitation Siom the American nxr Association -o attend us annual meeting, to be held at Saratoga Springs, New York, on Augtul IS. 20, auH 21 of the prjs'nt year. The association, which has been in existence for 18 years, is composf-d of members of Abe Siraasociatlons of nearly all the state i and territories of Nor.h America, its objects btlog 'to advance the science of juris prudence, promote ' the administration of j ustioe and uoif ormity of legislation through out the Cnloa, uphold the honor of tbe pro fession of tha law, and cnoourage cordial intercourse among the members, of the Ameri can Bar.' -LorJ Bussell of KUlowen will be accompanied by Sir Frank Lockwood, Q.O., M P., Mr Montague Orackanlhorpe, Q.O., and Mr James Fox, of South-BaBtern Circuit, H.H.8. Mars, -which was Boated out of dock at Birkenhead from a yard «f Messrs. Laird Brothers, it of the Majestic type, designed by Sir.. William B. White. Her dimensions are :— Length, 390h ; breadth, 75ft, ; mean draught, 27ft 6in ; displacement, 14 800 tons; power of engine v/lth forced draught, 12.000 I,H.F.,witb natural draught, 10,000 i speed, natural draught, 1G| knots, foicid draught, 171 knot*, 'lbs ship has a double bottom, and numerous subdivisions by alhwaruhlp and longitudinal bulkheads. The vessel is lighted throughout with abont 900 electric lights, The armament will comprise four l*-!in tfff-ton brLcob-loading nctv type wire coiled guns, mounted en bar bette in pairs, and firing a projectile weigh ing 8DO!b, with a powder charge of 1481b. Ibere are 60 qoick-Griog guns In all a^d live torpedo tubes. The weight of metal work tr.ated in the construction is upwards of 10,000 tons, aud the wag^ expenditure iu Birkenhead alone is upwards of a quarter of a million. The order for the Mart was given exactly two yean ago on March 26. She will be ready for tbe pennant in six or eight month!, 