M BflffTE FOR GOODWOOD. "Ah!" This ejaculation is capable of expressing the whole gamut of the emotions, from the abyss of despair to the pinnacle of ecstasy, and it was from somewhere near, if not from the actual, summit of the latter deliciously giddy height that Mrs Cranston uttered the significant monosyllable. Alone in the corner of her railway carriage, arrayed in Sorciere's latest and most Chic creation, little Mrs Cranston revelled iri the anticipation of a week of : unail<?yea delights and the proud eonsciousriess^of crowned endeavor. It would have been difficult, as'well as unwind,, to seek to fix any number of ' •summers upon the charming' little colonial widow. She herself was too astute , to aid' chronology by stray reminiscences, and the curious bad given, up endeavoring: to cull from, her. conversation stray facts on vy,hicli a computation might be based. " . , • _ v . . k couple of seasons ago Mrs' Cranston ha,d. appeared on the London .horizon. cr^jjentials w;ere, nnjmistaliable, if; not' preciselVi ,patrician ; ,-an(i rhef banking account and credit were beyond . suspi- cion. j She ; was herself pretty, in an irregular, carefully cultivated; unconventional kind of - fashion, - and she had achieved a certain, amount of success,in London society.That is to say, she was/i; persona grata. iamongr the portion;of that society: domiciled" just a shade: above -the "JPiange,:* that she was asked to the big crushes, of a angrbeeiferade still, and al~ most - ignored by :the "set which Jto- her held possession of the seventhiieaven 0f earthly/bliss—the set that is yclept "sthatt." ; • •'- • By? dint 'of strenuous endeavor, 1 hbw^: ever, she had got in the tHbuedge of the wedge at Ascot, improved the occasion at He'nleyv and' finally worked up ^o the summit ofSbei- 'ambition in gfetting an' Invitation to sf>end the Goodwob'd week witli^tiie TWettleships. " " To belong-' to * the Mettleship , ?iouse party for the Goodwood week'was to'receive the diploma-of smartness, after wHtcb" the soul of Mrs Cranston hafakei-edi ; ' For the Mettleships had'fe repHl- -tation; 'tliey never invited an^ one-'who was not-in some way a celebrityl ; 1 yTrue,' they were not' exactly as particular 'as! th^ir great-grariQmotbers might" ha^ been as to the nafure of that Celebrity; but;;however—for instance; on thii occasion the Vicomt'e fle "Batignblles - was to be'their guest, and Mrs "Cranston smilfed as'she reflected on the fact. ' '; , r The Vicomte was one of those men who find it impossible to cease the sowing ;of their wild oats. They blossom out-again and again in goodly crops When the-season of their sowing is long past, and this volatile gentleman had; a few months before been the hero. ,of a seandal in his own country which bad given the'leader-writers of certain papers in ours a golden opportunity of contrasting the conditions of morality existing in France with those enjoyed in England; and the detailed accounts of the case, while forming an excellent peg on which to hang a "We thank Heaven we are not as other nations are," were at the same time as entertaining to' read as those yellow-backed novels with alarming titles arid graphic frontispieces 'which abound on foreign bookstalls. .. The Vicomte, however, was great on the Turf, .and was, moreover, an old acquaintance of the Mettleships,. who saw no reason why the yearly custom should be departed .from. Mrs Cranston's mind wa^ much exercised as to the foreign Lotliaria. She had never met him; she kiiew.only that he was no longer young, that; Import credited him with dyed hair ancL an imperfect, knowledge of English Idiom; nevertheless, despite this meagre starting-point, Mrs Cranston' had-made up iher mind to-a flirtation with her fellow-guest. '. It was just the sort ; of thing to give her a firmer footing in this inner circle of smartness. She was revolving all these things in her artistically dressed head while the last Hurrying passengers "panted and shuffled along the 5 platform. She was evidently to have her carriage to herself, rather grateful to; consider^on such slip~t-pMl-rne ..Cr^iston's, d^n, •s! Pifcedtieri^an - -—^eSj^fiarid mjfne!"'.bi 'lA'^ouB&c;^^rdejiis, he; said, ptffcMy^tuJniiig'wn "Oh.- if^fnbMing! ; It Wais[ fault, not yours," replied his Ti cbmt>atiioB idi&lwt; Mrs Cranston smiled as she opened her paper, over the leaves of which it was 1 possible to tak^ stock of her fellow-tfasmall dark man, with ,^ fuliy* trimmed,^moustache, mapj- puckr ers round his quick, black ey^s, ap4 a someAvhat sallow complexion, With the first-mut^prjed ; French words £ conjecture jhad .sprunpr .into . Mrs Cranston'smin,d. which gathered force as iier ey^s glanced downwards over the cravat (which had not the recognised Bond street twist), on. the -watch-chain somewhat- lavishly displayed, and, .lower still, on the diminutive, highly-polished boats. This was ;the celebrated Vicomte de-Batignoiles.- the hero of the Palais dp Jus-: tice. Scarcely the physique to captivate an i'JEngiishwoman's heart, thought Mrs Cranston, but possessing • doubtless;:, a charm of manner more than compensating for mere external appearances. : r Raising her eyes, she suddenly r encountered the beady, black ones of' lier yis-a-vis fixed upon her; she smiled a- little, and the inevitable- remark about the window came to the rescue and opened the fire. Mademoiselle was travelling also "to Chichester? He hoped that he was not incommoding her with his presence." "Oh, not at all!" • ; "Fi-ancheinent. however, the intrusion, was-not his fault: that savage of a guard had given him no choice." "Really, monsieur, do not be uneasy about it, I do not mind in the least. Ineed, a companion is p.lways acceptable; it is so lonely travelling alone." "Parfaitement. wa? mademoiselle perhaps going to stay for the races?"' Exactly. Th% i^-hatjdttiin down for. I am quite' excitea about if"; I've never been at Goodwood before." . "No?" The beady ^ye? opened in amazement. "I should not like to'*sa.y.how. many times I have been"—ie added;" with a shrug, "a wise man does not count (those things." Mrs Cranston laughed. "Oh! I am not at all blase about anything, monsieur. I am looking forward with great delight to the .time., I am going to stay with Lady Mettleship."' "Tiens!" and it seemed to Mrs Cranston that there was a certain added interest In the very deferential glance that he bestowed upon her perfectly gowned person.. "Mademoiselle will have plenty of. gaiety at Lady Mettleship; they arcquite—how do you say?—in .the mouvement" Tes, it was very flattering to be mistaken for "mademoiselle," but at the same time Mrs Cranston was desirous of letting him understand that she did not belong to that inexperienced section , of her sex whom Frenchmen are especially supposed to shun—les demoiselles am airier. It suggested itself to her to enlighten him. by the expedient of withdrawing her glove: an operation which she set herself ostentatiously to perform, .the conversation meantime continuing in the necessary groove of banalities—the Viscomte de Batignolles deferential, "correct" in the extreme; Mrs Cranston in a decidedly "coming on" disposition. "I trust'madame will pardon me my indiscretion," remarked the Frenchman, after a moment, "but her appearance misled me, and in this country les demoiselles voyagent seul^s." Mrs Cranston laughed.. "You are pardoned, monsieur; and Cor your penance I shall ask you to, help my maid with the luggage—rsbe can't wrestle with English porters, very successfully •I am entirely at your service, -madame. But rto doubt there are other uests going to Lady Mettleship who have come by this train. Madame will Immediately find herself in pays de conriaissance?" ' " "Possibly. Tou are not by any chance going to Wood Lodge too ; - : -" ; . ,, Her companion jsliook his head with a significant smile. , .. "No, madame; Lady Mettleship is not of my world." . -v Mrs Cranston uttered an exclamation of amazement. . "But I thought -r—" < ; "No, I am .going to the Due d'Omnium; for year si always go tb the-Due." "Yet, surely, Lady Mettleship told me The Frenchman laughed softly. "Ah yes, last year Monsieur le Buc lerit 'tne to miladi—a ^eat favor. I werit^-but bori Dieu,,what a house, quel bouchon!" The scorntul expression' in tlie "depth of .its contempt was Ipst on Mrs Cianstion, but a fi-a'jik'^isappo^ntmeht was }discerhib'|e in' face and yoice. as she saia: *1 am very sorry; every one will be disappointed," i A shrug from' her companion. "Oh. as'for that, the 1 English know nothing of those thifigs; they : do not appreciate our'art. 1 " ' . " "Aft?", the question. " escaped" Mrs Cranston In unalloyed bewilderment: "Dame" oui with us it is art, niadame." "I—I doh't .^pderstand, what is?" ( "Eiit, th?' cuisine **'. , "Cooking'? , What have you tb do with that?" r . ! • • i • -. • "I!" the little man became an animated point of exclamation. "Madame, I am Isidore Marmiton, patissier andcon confiseur, at your service." "You—you—allien why—how—are you going to Goodwood?" "Because the Due d'Omnium is one of my clients.' Because Goodwood would not b= Goodwood, madame, without Isi-' dore Marmiton." Dignified bearing, profound bow, vibrating tones, all were lost upon Mrs Cranston. Luckily, 'while the latter were still echoing in the air, the train pulled up, and somehow, faint'"with mortification, she found herself seated in the carriage Lady Mettleship had sent for her, while in her ears still rang the little man's dream-shattering words—"Isidore. Marmiton, patissier and confiseur, at your service"—£.nd the ghost of that dapper little man, with the diminutive feet and the aggressive watch-chain, haunted her with the awful fear of discomfiture and ridicule all through tlie Goodwood, week. —"The World." 