WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUJSGER. A TALE OF MERRY ENGLAND. Br MISS BRADDOls", ' Author of "Islimael," "Dead Men's Shoe3, "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyllard's Weird," "Phantom Fortune," "Like and Unlike," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chatter XIV.—(Continued.) Mr. Dubbin was released from his lady s sotto voce lecture at this instant and Rochester continued his communication in a whisper, the Honorable Jeremiah assenting- with nods aad elmcklings, while Masaroon whistled for a fresh tankard and plied the honest mer chant with a glass which he never allowed to be empty. The taste for masquerading was a fashion of the time, as much as combing a periwig or flirting a fan. While Rochester was planning a trick upon the citizen Lady Farehain was whispering to De Malfort under cover of the fiddles, which were playing an -Italian pazzernano, a dance beloved by Marguerite of Navarre, who danced to that music with her royal brother-in-law, in one of the sumptuous ballets at Saint Cloud. "Why should they be disappointed of their ghost," "said Hyacinth; "when it would be so easy for me to dress up as the nun and scare them all? This white satin gown of mine, with a few yards of white lawn arranged on my head and shoulders " "Ah, but you have not the lawn at hand to night or your woman to arrange your head," interjected De Malfort quickly. " It would be a capital joke; but it must be for another occasion and choicer company. The rabble you have to-night is nob worth it. Besides, there is Rochester, who is past-master in dis guises and would smoke you at a glance. Let me arrange it some night before the end of the summer—when there is a waning moon. It were a pity the thing were done ill." " Will you really plan a party for me and let me appear to them on! the stroke • of 1, with my face whitened ? I have as slender a shape as most women." " There is no such sylph in London." " And I can make myself look ethereal. Will you draw the nun's habit for me and I will give your picture to Lewin to copy *?' "I wiU do more. I will get you a real habit." "But there are no nuns so white as the ghost." "True, but you may rely upon me. The nun's robes shall be there, the phosphorus, the blue fire, and a selection of the choicest com pany to tremble at you. Leave the whole business to my care. It will amuse me to plan so exquisite a jest for so lovely a jester." He bent down to kiss her hand till his fore head almost touched her knee, and in the few moments that passed before he raised it she heard him laughing softly to himself as if with irrepressible delight. "What a child you are," she said, "to be so pleased with sucn a folly !" * "What children we both are, Hyacinth. My sweet soul, let us always be childish and find pleasure in follies. Life is such a poor thing that if we had leisure to appraise its value we should have a contagion of suicide that would number more deaths than the plague. Indeed the wonder is not that any man should commit felo de s'c, but that many of us should take the trouble to live." Lady Sarah received them at the landing stage with an escort of fops and fine ladies, and the festival promised to be a success. There was a better supper and more wine than people expected from ner ladyship; and after* supper a good many of those who pretended to have come to see the ghost wandered off in couplesto saunteralongthewillow-shadedbank, while only the more earnest spirits were content to wait and watch and listen in the great vaulted hall, but with'no light but the moon, which sent a flood of silver through the high Gothic window^ from which every vestige of glass had long vanished. There were stone benches along the two side walls and Lady Sarah's prevoyance had secured cushions or carpets for her guests to sit upon and here the superstitious sat in patient weari ness, Angela among them, With Denzil still at her side, scornful of credulous folly, but loving to be with lier he adored. Lady Eareham had been tempted out of doors by De Malfort to look at the moonlight on the river and had not returned. Rochester and-liis crew had also vanished directly after supper and for company Angela had_ on her left hand Mr. Dubbin, far advanced in liquor and trembling at every breath of summer wind that fluttered the ivy round the ruined window and at every shadow that moved upon the moonlit wall. His wife was on the other side of the hall, whispering with Lady Sarah and both so deep in a court scandal—in which "the K" and "the.D" recurred very often—that they had almost forgotten the jmrpose of that moonlit sitting. Suddenly in the distance there sounded a long shrill wailing, as of a soul in agony, whereupon Mr. Dubbin, after clinging wildly to Angela and being somewhat roughly flung aside by Denzil, "collapsed altogether and rolled upon the ground. "Lady Euphemia," cried Mrs. Townsend, a young lady who had been sitting next the obnoxious citizen, " be pleased to look after your drunken husband. If you take the low bred sot into company yon should at least charge yourself with the care of his manners." The damsel had started to her feet and in dignantly snatched her satin petticoat from contact with the citizen's porpoise figure. "I hate mixed company," she told Angela, "and old maids who marry tallow- chandlers. If a woman of rank marries a shopkeeper she ought never to be allowed west of Temple Bar." The young lady was no believer in ghosts, but others of the company were too scared for words. All had risen and were ■ staring in the direction whence that dismal shriek had come. A trick, perhaps, since anybody with strong lungs—dairymaid or cowboy—could shriek. They all wanted to see something, a real mani festation of the supernatural. The unearthly sound was repeated and the next moment a shape, vague, in flowing white garments, rushed through the great window and crossed the hall, followed by three other shapes in dark loose robes with hooded heads; one carried a rope, another a pickaxe, the third a trowel and a hod of mortar. They crossed the hall with flying footsteps—shadow-like— the pale shape in distracted flight, the dark shapes pursuing, and came to a stop close against the wall, which had been cleared by the affrighted assembly, scattering as if the king of terrors had appeared among them—yet with fascinated eyes fixed on those fearsome figures. " It is the nun herself !" cried Lady Sarah, apprehension and triumph contending in her agitated spirits; for it was surely a feather in her ladyship's cap to have produced such a phantasmal train at her party. " The nun and her executioners !" The company fell hack from the ghostly troop, recoiling till they were all clustered against the opposite wall, leaving a clear space in front of the spectres, whence they looked on, shuddering at the tragedy of the erring sister's fate repeated in dumb show. The white-robed figure knelt and grovelled at tlie feet of those hooded executioners. One seized and bound her withstrange phantasmal action, unlike the movements of living creatures, and another smote the wall with a pickaxe that made no sound, while the third waited with his trowel and mortar. It was a gruesome sight to those who knew the story—a grue some, yet an enjoyable spectacle; since, as Lady Sarah's friends had not had the pleasure of knowing the sinning sister in flesh, they watched this ghostly representation of her sufferings with as keen an interest as they would have felt had they been privileged to see Claud Duval swing at Tyburn. The person most terrified by this ghostly show was the only one who had the hardihood to tackle the performers. This was Mr. Dubbin, who sat on the ground watching the shadowy figures, sobered by fear, and his shrewd city senses gradually returning to a brain bemused by Burgundy. "Look at her boots!" he cried suddenly, scrambling to his feet and pointing to the nun, who in sprawling and writhing at the feet or her executioner had revealed more leg and foot than were consistent with her spectral whiteness. "She wears yaller boots, as sub stantial as any shoe leather among the com pany. I'll swear to them yaller boots." A chorus of laughter followed this attack— laughter which found a smothered echo among the ghosts. The spell was broken; disillusion followed the exquisite thrill of fear; and all Lady Sarah's male visitors made a rush upon upon the guilty nun. The loose white robe was stripped off and little Jerry Spavinger, gentleman jock, famous on the Heath and at Doncaster, stood revealed, in his shirt and breeches and those yellow riding-hoots which he rarely exchanged for a more courtly chas sure. The monks bustled out of their disguise were Rochester, Masaroon,_ and Lady Sarah's young brother, George Saddington. „ "Erom my Lord Rochester I expect nothing but pothouse buffoonery, but I take it vastly ill on your part, George, to join in making mo a laughing-stocl:," remonstrated Lady Sarah. _ "Indeed, sister,_ you have to thank his light-headed lordship for giving spirited end to your assembly. Could you conceive how preposterous you and your friends looked sitting against the walls, mute as stock-fish, and suggesting nothing but a Quakers' meet ing, you would make us your lowest curtsey ancl thank us kindly for having helped you out of a dilemma." Lady Sarah, who was too much of a woman of the world to quarrel seriously with a Court favorite, furled the fan with which she kul bean ocgJing her indisastion acd tapped young Wilmofc playfully on that oval cheek where the beard had scarce begun to grow. " Thou art the most incorrigible wretch of thy years in London," she said, "and it is impossible to help being angry with thee or to help forgiving thee." The saunterers on tho willow-shadowed banks came strolling in. Lady I'areham's cornets and fiddles sounded a march in Alceste. and the party broke up in laughter and good temper, Mr. Dubbin being "much compli mented upon his in having detected Spavinger's boots. "I ought to know 'em,"ho answered rue fully. "I lost a hundred meggs on him Toosday sennight at Windsor ra-;es, and Iliad time to take the pattern of them boots while lie was crawling in a bad third. (To he continved.) 