Wobnigqa & 'oLvonOt @cntincl. IRIDAY, 8BPTZAMBER 4, 1896. The President of the Legislative Council will on Saturday issue a writ for the election of a member for the Gippsland Province to fill the vacancy caused by the death of AMr George Davis. Mr William Peiarson, J.P., of Kilmany Park, Sale, whose father re presented the province up to the time of his deceasd; has yielded to the solici tations of his friends from different parts of the province, and definitely announces himself as a candidate. Mr Pearson is well-known in this district, having resided for some years at lBonegilla. le was for twelve months a member of the Wodonga Shire Coun cil, relinquishing his seat in the muni cipal body upon his leaving for Sale. A largely-signed requisition has been presented to him from the electors in this part of the province. Thie names of two other candidates have been mentioned, but so : far no, definite opposition is yet forthcoming. , ' Vagrant" writes in tie " Daily News ":-" 'The people of Now South Wales are becoming seriously alarmed at the results of free trade,' writes the 'Age, and then that. unconscious humorist proceeds to quote some re marks made at a meeting of the Sydney Chamber of Manufactures on the free port system. And this is wilt the 'Age,' with sublime disregard to the failings which gave onwe Ananias a place in history, terms the alarm of 'the people.' The intention is to show that even those who voted for free trade at the late election now see the error of their ways and are horrified at the result of their handiworkc after the manner of Frankenstein. But the joke of putting up the New South Wales Chamber of Manufactures as the people is too large by half. That chamber is composed of the most narrow and selfish classof protectionists, tlhso whose religion is that the people many be djamned in this world and the lext so long as the manufacturers are protected against that iniquitious thing, upon competition. Thes' people of New South Wales' in this'case are the same old protectionists who fought till they were blue trying to prevent justice being done'to the community. And when the ' Age' knows a little snore local history it will know also that the New South Wales Chamber of Manu factures is about ais representative of tile people as was the late Albury Pro tectionist Association." - The charge sheet at the Wodonga Police Court yesterday was of an un usual character-two lunacy cases and one case of attempted suicide. The first was against Anton Anderson, who was remanded for three days. The next was a charge against George Hewitt, a well-known local resident, who was committed to the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum on the evidence of Drs Schlink and O'Shaughnessy. The third was the adjourned case against Frederick Preston, formerly a hair dresser at Mr Karl Weis' establish ment, who attempted self-destruction lest week hy cutting an artery in his wrist, The circumstanes connected with the affair have already hbeen pub lished. The accused, who hlid evident. ly recovered from the attack . of delirium tremens from whieh- he suffered at the time he attempted to do away with himself, was attended inl court by a married sister, residing at South Yarra, who usidertook to take .charge of him if he were handed over to her. Di Sclhlink having also ex pressed the opinion that the man was now able to take care of himself, the Bench ordered his discharge, after cautioning him against over-indulgence iti the future. Messes H. Harkin and W.' H. Moulder were' the presiding justices. Councillor John Fletcher has been elected-president of the Beechworth United Shire Council. The new presi dent of the Chiltern Shire Council is Dr"Harkin. Saturday night at L lnot usually nmarked by excif any kind. List night, howevxl an exception to the rule. 1) and 10 o'clock, it seemed as itenty drunken men were app the hamlet from the dlirectiolonga, but on nearer approach Lound that one person wag reaspr the uproar. The lunatic-fe was -supposed himself in thef "a fierce domestic broil," alhiags lively by horsewhipping inary wife round an imaginary A newly-constructed b#ida Mr Fietz's residence provedhlarly ohnoxious to him, and lied the inanimate object in a verning manner for some time. is he continued in the dire"ct eeh worth. A number of me out, and attempted to seize man, but without success. At Iwar was held, and a messengcched for Mounted-constable Teo ar rived on the scene about The constable, on his arrival,dl as to the whereabouts of the and was informed that he waerevk close by. He then found un fortunate man, after divenself of every stitch of'clothingpped into the creek, and was londer the delusion that he wasning to a friend, whom he calidy," at Geelong. Teague, arac teristic adroitness, invitpoor fellow to "come up and hake," but the invitation was Dted, and whilst pursuing furtlersa tion, the constable enibr op portunity of lanssooing theVitl the rope round tile nakedlek, and nothing to grasp, it bather diffilult task to get him ornk, but, with the assistance obcta tors, the poor fellow was 2 the surface. The constable the man in his (the constableoat, and brought him to a neiguse, where he was provided wiy of warm clothing. It was tlhered that hisa name was Antlhorson, that lie was a native - of , 28 years of age, that until la had resided with his widowei" at Geelong, aned that he' had iloft her in order to obtain worlale. He was a man of splendidso one of the most perfectbped men Mounted-constable has ever seen. Auderson ' left his mother, in i very sti cir cumstanices, and her : povkoeh condition and his own inalssist her have undoubtedly. pro his mind. He had worked fime as a baker in the'shop of tray, at Geelong, and it is renthlte it subsequently transpired's T. Rapsey, a daughter of Me, re sided within a very shore of the place where 'Andersound uinder such distressing col It is unnecessary to 'say thaipsey was quite unaware that A was in the district, and A was equally oblivious of the t his former employer's daughtclose by. The constable retulWo donga at 6 an.m., after a un usual experience even foper, with his man, who was thd in the look-up, where a chargered against him of " bheing foucring at large and being deebo a lunatic." He was on Mought before Mr H. Harkin, J.llom he was remanded until T(yes terday.) In the meantimthler was communicated with Ilice. Yesterday Anderson, whouch improved, was. further i by the Wodonga Bench for tl. i Mr Stuart Murray, clneer of tie Water Supply' De, at tended the meeting of taiga Shire Council on .,WVednel ex plained that :the applies the council for the' constitutieater works tiust should be mir the seal of the council. Mir hnen. tioned that hee had carefulned the plans and 'descriptiospro posed reservoir, &c.;, an the scheme appeared to be quitible, so fir is he 'could judge the estimated cost (£7150) so be large for a town embrsacinlula. tion of Wodonga. Council-ally expressed themselves as If dis. posed towards the schleu a discordant note was raisoun. cillor Draper, who complal the estimated cost (£7150) hsome before tile council., At e, he declared he had never heusm mentioned - before, Thtary showed, however, that _.th of the engineer (Mr B,:A. SniE.) lhad estimated the cost at tint, and Councillor Draper col A sculling race 'on-the iver between Chris. Neilsenleo. Towns for £400, threewas rowed on Saturday. Neilt to the front at -once, and two clear lengths at two nmileiwns malde a splendid effort a op. ponent collapsed, Towns satdl. ing to tile finisbh. Tile SydlneylReef, at Tveek, Yacknclandlal, has crusheions at Garlick's meill for 85o[and hlanketings are saved. Tlents six men's work for i anontlous blanketings from:"this nated in Melbourne assayed 0loz Mr M. E. Clu'fe., "of ,hlie served a wiritilaniiaig .lges for slander; upon; Mr M.also of Yackandni?hab, who ii to lhave accused hin of stealeam. The case will lie heard next sittings of the Beechwucity Court on \Vednesday, 16tliber. In the football match, ring v Silndly Creek, phayed at heck on Saturday i 'coUnoectilthe ,Tohnston Troplh?y ,compthe former kicked 3 goIals, wlhocl team failed to score. Tile Al buildiVODONGA SlIIlI COUNCIL. (says the "as lit wi tie electricy night f es anenlOAY, 2nd SmreaMBsa. ald rmsn tinunell r STATITORLY 1EETING. ladies and ecioved i - vitations "he in taltsent - Crs M'Fitrlsne, Hrrison, tioe. Thel let to t a,.' o t, Smith, M]IGelch, Manuis, Alrock Cdights Jh?eM[,xrlane was voted to. the clhaid. *been pllczong up 5I 'N 0 A i ittOOaITON. 20,000 raise in?cful s 00 - " m vamoved by Cr All'Farlie. seconded manlly l argel2t0 inca.r Smitlh, and carried, thlt the folllow descent liglr 8 o'cloolian tie expungud from tile minuto- M'r John 1 upont lof the last mon,.hly meeticng of the mayor tofoght. Witil, hell on 5th Auvust, 1896: his hand he Imayaved by Cr M'Farlnue, andil noiowled after a feve handle Smith, that Ille .on o,£20 ?he the turn, and Iding wit Allowed for the sridett's allow. briliantly the suddclior lin eunnsig year." - iess of a fllhie Imays IEIIEllINTIAh. AlLOWAn CIe. then calledts for It Niciolls moved, ndl. Cr ftisia electric lildy itnr1led, that the iresidelant's .llowance iately ftd th c lis yearr iashll Ite I2., or, inthe uvetnt diltely ltftl thle acocu1sutal?cra Ilsedi it, tlhI allowanlce pony to givthe mayolfw as set forth. ili Iaetion, l5 oft the with equal of the al (aloverniIment Act 1810. Iouups was at over tit iaoti.i was put anI carried, and main entra light fl'Farlano vactied lthi chair, which itmany pnaces Ihrlgken by the secretary, whoointimatedL crowd was reet, natlt he was iprepared to receive of whomn, obeforo seti the electric eLnC7TIOi or I'F ilIIlttlrT. Smith monvedl that Or Bassett be A roportott, Upptent for the elsuiing twelve mnlths. nMurrav, a hans Iei1l'laoch seonded the Imotiun, and. put thlroupeek fro being no other n hi inatioins for the Carkeek's itinfactot Ur Bansett wos declared duly yield-14 tftreeoa ett, iti taking the chair, returnesl or 3oz per iden Dll Iuacre thanks to his b, liher coun Poswell andog a nit for the high honor they had cou reef at the t Towote upon hint. Ile did tiot presulne Gap the mivell. The oanmelt that he was the iiiet New Chum stonle o nlan in the council for the office. grass and caya. Th conltrary, he was conscious that he tone is beie at 4d many drawbacks. However, he feetoneel , me a ldeot that he would receive the feet. level,d Ireil upport of the council in tile dis There are 8 grass h of lis duties, and the kiudly aid of the Just in The priother aeincillors would sake iup faor .prietors areuth frorn defloiencies. lie again thankedel the 210 fee Stringeuntll for the honor. olaim Cat?tingdowNiohnlls congratulated the newly a new shaftttle asto presaidlet l hi the mark of dialsler Sh htt the couneil had givee hin--in of gocd quoa r Nichulls') opiniiin, the most honor Two big pe-year-olostluiO which could be achieved' in division, Caot down tirs. Or Bassett had reslidled fir Randwick • o, in t..eaiyearn in tie shire, anid whot Randwik B oil, in? tli~ltlitf ddi n ffeur miniht exist--and 'Hampden lino near1gt publio mnau difforancos tust tlian thirdwwhile inarily exist-a tos his views, it would A.J.C. Derle Carhinely conceded that that gentluman colt Chargennond Ihlmirted untiringly to advance the a very hig hiilt fettllof the place. As far as his (Or pnoos, ,altd. Rklls)exlperiece and oblservatitn had also failed ihai. th CrL 3alsett had reudered utcelleut air0, 0alet 0n?lr, h, ;.lte ahire. lie (Or Nichlls) in hie race, dicep, onnasroe the new preslldent that he mile and swhiclr hlrsly wt thle support of the council started fard. Checle discharge of his hottorablo 'ald mnate won, and, as duties. At the lreces hel ORDINAIRY MEETING. last week I1trjorie), t "'ringing inp trumputtl - The amine outncillors, the winning the Quite-.lected lresident in the chair.. number of iities wet aY.Ure, in evidencend amonthemutieon of Or Niclholls. seconded others mnyrplny antusinst, "'Tha ini"n ten of hs minlet. Barbiingel.. failed toreoeuotirmed tsld; selold. with the account forngel '" gtion tf rthe"cliutase relatiug 'to, the there" in tl lent's allniwvne.c," - . At the Iloe LoAov COtttSrPO?trNte. Mutual Tiety, abod? Frederic Dunss, pulhlic analyst to 15 emoe. re, .i-are, reprttig thIl.e ha h not re Sotemm ren o ay tr samples of food, &ec;, fornsly 1 Hamlet, nlu of "Tlsi:otitiun froitt the shire fir the Ghost andlighly Oar ended 30th" June, 18196.-te preciateol, .tt of thn . taking partd the plain the Secretary for Publia Works. heforehald,to be conag attentlon to the Amendtt ed Local mended foriemlhnrs fnnoent Act. inereasing the hours of Shakespearpinrt metn In cortain. shires, by which the .hars will di?s-"houl.8 norisilCouitoil, ont receiving a peti the rilw.. ylna ?ge r sayt bhorough or..shire, might tthhe Stall wytan" e that the hour requestoed he the tile State!" or nlting the poll in such borough Mr-R.-Her colnfe'-o action. " tenders his i voted fis the Public Works Departmet, him, as iallused thlc nJlltt the sunt of £400 had been iluetice ottle c - ?a t ? lstllatestnO aist thocoun itl nceo te'hr Linitatnling the Albury to WIVdonga election, of) the WL-.tceivedt dong ridihire. A. . Mnde, dlreotnr of Albury Smytht'nddsfuturo o0trisl nd Juvenile Ehlbiitlo, usk casion the redtdesire council to take steps to obtain a for his serugaini ofie holiday on the day of the opening himself asnseat in the exhibitiun (Tuesday, 8th Sop council. InTrge votr), end ruemarking that th, comn polled b Inst w-- . had received a considorablo amountl under bomeditionst tsne fromn fr I. A. fsanes, SAfP., u r Wt a of providing dlecorations for the is perfectlylmytli wting,-Already attieodcd to. have little coming asm Wudotga Wine and Fruit councillor isture, rs' Association, requesting thecoun take irnmnediste aeciwn to sbate the Our Saomspondnetw nuisance by offering a rewnard for writes:-" J tons frotadtand eggs of the pest.-Coun Briddon ant been pu generally expressed themnolvesin through Mb3 yieldinof the ado(ption of the bonus pro 113oz of gory satisfat "roi'lded that aitilear stepn were at Alhury anld the noiehloring tory. Tihe uld saJ hbu it the ahsence of united action quarry-is Ihe Rain decided to take no steps at present. bow Compank, havinm the ?utunicipal Assocition of Vie about 70 toleaterpar slating that the fourth annual of which is I a of the association would I e held Towrn Hall, Melburne, on Tunes The Albfriday rth0o other. and encltsing a requisi cerved from rse nanmetrn.-Received. Cedric, "?elhtry'raeen the Rleo. M. O'Ounnor, request courses, whlira stolent n brick drain Ioe laid in the water at Deniliqtago by pn the south sidel ,,f Osntrn street man named who wal" streoet, from the dr in nstow runn arrested lonsla. Tl't tIe church and] clonivt property, S . would greatly ilpoInve the dralllag.". horse was to to lVa the esunlllur ewas now eltlroaching it long, where•. Brdthent remove any likely cnuse ,f was rolonsetppenr asa that might arise' from this drain. Wyalong onler, clerk of. works remarked that it S ho tnr itnprovelner.t- I? the cnnvent The tentdtaites ihaties would alter- the outlet. Re beeno acceptyactce e toclerk of works .to report at nest nnils to arntta aneg. Mittab MittiFernvalon Yillium Richords, applying for Noorongo.ndllin', nnP t tUe hell as It ri;dUedI charge for Enskdale, thtaech waht of thIe 3rd l ir., as he under A"."... ?rhlt once. a . years r .-eatocees~li Wes freo let toJun.0 etnoh of the differeilt cluecheo.a 1899, at the" n unnmwith by r.o lutis.. inslieu of 12, in te]er. a nat: so-tn RedeEcT. name ofA . al ed fret) plsoidaset prUsented n petition, tht August b l ohylIvo raelonyers inl thellelity. The Wot reciveitiog the council to ident a few trees anothlor tefa toittlheil street--Ni wc.tiol, tn .econot non grounll; Ytlca. . lse~a being too fr aidvanced... lmdanllh. Thed thr n ..OR . .L gOals, whilel: to soon clerk iofi worlks repirted ans fo more than ttwnie sarini them sheN .th ..he rdan hors Finney. " lultayey cl eaLiniig sot dramts all The Rivoinge exi( roiads i- nvarious lartse of l:the cutod a tr' o tmnc rs' cmtrt n the Betch- Mentone orltl U ."ol wil be c . h up thi toirte(td' w .ll be n c ylntleled hur;ig Ithe favorite for nud wnalclouars'scscitract in the Ohit nasily from ,itl Blacl,,l, "is nt -yet oumnlleted. :This Flog (lsti 5 a k beirg cirrled ult hui l a lovenly and dilatory mannttter. The time for its. oneipletion. was throo months back. "rT would recommnond that the tonre crossing is Sydney street be renoiwu d, It beieing now full of hiks. "The special graunt for the Albury road billls snow availabln, wolllld alggeist that the omomut t hu exiopeded fort lhwidi." Thel reporl wlo r'eceived and'adoptod. The report of thie illpoector of nuisances nwa as follows: "L find' the aniltary onidition of the townll atisfactory. During the past, mnlth 1' have snudo a Iersoanil inspectlin of every pliclu ii rlho tlownl, RIII I rcan say, without fear of conitradii?l.on, that the sanitary oniditihot of the town is. very favorable,. witli but fiew excoptiots,. anld ill thems cases if malltters- re not iniprored prceedlings will' be taltenl, nginat. Lhu Iofetduroe. It. the- Aest I have bons ten lenient with individuale who will not take 'moral peruaoinl.' Burying nightals.il is the grneteet dliflculty .t have to oire tendl with. L will insist in futurn Ilint iightsoil, be buried a proper depth.- unthiig leos than 3: foot-and TIwill.uwk the nil-of the eunttcil in. tllis miloler. I haie boo? ilnfrmcdl that ties wuantonmy strict attention. "Rbqarding the elaughsteryarde, I Olnd them in goivd wsorking order, and kept clean,. I' harve also to report favorably ai. the dalrire. Iin regard to tLhestray lstock nuisance, I find it impoisible to do justice titl.hr to the town or ut the council. Time owlurs of the stock will deslunit their re. leisso. and I atm pIwerless. The councili ties sIay ihandsd by not allowinig ime to. charge trespaess: tock straying on vacant -llotmnelts are are to stray on the at ruots, it I d? nt. elophird theo, and that I li?sd impua.ilt to do. I eanliOt r6move astuck froal vacanlt allitteuntis accordinsg tlIo ?y instructions. If you will refer to seolien 41, page 203, of the Local Olvornnnnlt Act, I think that, will mieet the diU-t ctlty." The report was received. FrNACeH. The following nooonlllte, mnonoting to, £77 7T I 1, wore pioned for paymonti- Johnlt Iannmors, Contraet No. 400. £14 10s; Jolunt Iiehardsleon, Contract No. 408, £III; John O'lonnutoll, roadsmatt, £7 isa; . Dibleyq, du., £'7 4s; J. Woodland, salary, £12 Is id; di.. pstty cash,' 7 8d; J. S. Campblll; esalry, £2 1Oe;I IBye, uoiallliSni oin lug foee, 7ea Oll; I. tlria anll, cleaning shire hall, £1 7E; lHy. mlithl, election exlanscs, ISs Odi; IV C.. hl'Ilrloule, do., £114se Od; leo. Lewitt,. lightltg town lamps, £4 IS2; *hite scrotetry, sindrile. , £1 10sil Wilsonl and Saukintnon, £511 ; F. Dunn, antldyst;'£2 8s 7d. The following tolendrs .for`.wrks were re coived:- :iBrck Cliannlling at IVodliga.-C. Par. ' ' Itny, £10 1s; ,J. Cochrane, £1I:; C. Wolf, £18 8s; FK. Sharp, £'20. Wolf's tunlor was accepted; Forming at ? ioves' Lfano-eP. IfT; HI Ilookendorf, £7 2s dil; J. iaitnders, £7 10ar J.-Richlardson, £3 -9s; C. CIaralhy, £3 Ie5.. No t lender was aeoeptod.... Clourling at ]onnegilla.-J. Saundlers, £7 14i; it. tiulndora, £C 14.,, The taender c4lf. Saunders wise ?ceepted., . , Fresh tendeos were order.d tohe cllod for clearinLg at; WVlltn's- lItl, only tlne tolttur , havilg been rocohtedlfur the work. : . t- TttttitO NorIIUcIte. *The following ireturninig oticers wore lappointed:.-W-Vndois riding-Or Smith;. iloloEgilla ridincg-Or ' fGooich' Grson' " Ilill riding-Or ht'Farlano. CiAittiLO FOIl HItitE HALE. Pursuant tit notice givirn'at Inlat met-.., big, Or Manns nthived- thalt the following: scale of chargon be adopted fur the shire hull in future:-l0s unltil 12 o'clook for ltotures and dnoces, 1iris for plays; and tl tkl per hour extra if the hall be kept open after 12 o'clnck.' SeUcildd by Or Niclills, andll carried.. OtNettat IltHINIoW. Thile follhtuiglln tOfinltl.is. oi"we i c?rried: SMoved by Cr M'Firlatie, iteconded by Cr Draper, tlist thie itli' oif1 £12 lis, Od' be tranaferred fi?ii: tho piitind trust't oltinoys Icooist hi; the chiire. fntid, tlioe saidl trust moneys hiviang Ibeae lithld over .ix 'years. Moved.lhy-?t orrisuit, scontded by OCr M'Gouch, that inm view' tof ish fullowing arrears of rates tint hohsil recovereble by any process of Infu. thie snnie te'e her0by abahlid ed-- vhi., :Dl; "Annie 'Hildun,. WVodonlga ridinlg, 10; No. 133. David TIarkill-,lWndilluu riditg,,il G 'ios. 18, no clewter (twn.thlrds of ratgs atud'arrears. Wodonga ridi?g)t' £2 Os d-totl,£3 Is..' Moved by Cr MAlar, and seconded by Or Smilth, that lpplicatinlisbt' ialeud -for the olice' of.itiajoeteir of'nuiasases, return ibluar text meeting. . Moved by Cr ih'Farlante, secnlded by" Or Draper, thtr the .ucretary proceed with the valuition of the Widungs lriding. the valulatin of thle G(reeuu ill sldd Boene gilla ridings tLo:relllin st.their present aliloutlts. Moved by Or lanlllse, alud seconded lby Cr Nicholls. that the presideot and s Ora Nicholll iedu' lMitrrin n be aplpointed to.. sign choerne uhn.behall of the ciunrcil. Moved by Cr Smith, anld seconded by Cr Mantlll that nholnt 8 chnils of drain be made ill front of the railway reserve for the purlose of diverting' the storm waior to the lmain chalel' lienr Pwell's yard. S NOTIceS Or MOTION. By Cr "Murrison.-To move at next meo.ting that the resolution adopted by this council onl 1lr- August, 1896, rotalhi ing P. Adams' depollusit on contract No. 403\. repairing bridlle on, the Albury roid,. be rescitidtd. By Cr Mallla.-ToI move at next meut ing that all mttions xisting oel the books. of thi counoil relative to the cinslting sotlicitors for tl0 shire. in the iaset be rescinded, with a view of appointing a local consulltilng solicitior.. A special meoetin of the directors of tlhe Kiewr Butter Fi rt»ory Compnny : r was held last Saturday to consider tile position of thie atnaniger. MII Dorrell ' "I had received ths offer of a much. ilarger stdary in a Iesttar factory down couti try. It was resolved to. rethis .?i[. Dorrell's services: and increoase; his: salary, it seiiig ,ugetd thlnt it was' inlul visfable to risk anytling in tihe mann ge inllt for nnother year at least, sand tllut a greabt deal of th~eirc ccesdurhliig - tile last year wes owing to thie careful noes shown in thle manufacture of the butter, whbiclh - resnlised, for thle ihalre-a Iolders tile best prices of til marrkels. 1' Eight bottlls of wlhislty at i sit- " ilg, or 100 hottls 'a )en~, trre drutic hIy the Dsandetnng Shire cociscillorns, and Councillor iL. G. Keys.tdon':takt ' sy t anmd neither do I myaclf,'' is one of thee. utterancee reported of Coin-. cillor Searlo tt SprnIIa'Yle tbo otl?lr. niilit;. 