Pastoral tetter. OF. THE ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA . ASSEMBLED IN SECOND PLENARY COUNCIL. /., . To the _ (ftergij. anfi r £aity of jlieir. Charge, . ((jonlinucd from our hast.), THE CATHOLIC CnuRCH COURTS EXAMINATION OF HER WORKS. The Catholic Church has never shrunk from inviting inquiry into her works. Conscious of being the Witness and Toacher appointed xinto mankind by Him who appealed to His workB in proof of His divine mission, she confidently invites 'all men to judge her by hbr works, to tost* her by her fruits. Her crodontialsare indoed manifold 1 They cover her past: history since the dawn of prophecy. They meet'and satisfy tho mind on every • plane of: investigation j bub by a marvellous dispensation of divine wisdom tliey are virtually summarized so as to be brought homo to the capacities of all in every single age by the simple spectacle of the Church in her daily life. Who can fail to see that she is about her Father's business? Who can deny that sho goes about doing good 1 Who can listen to her and not confess that she • teaches, not like the soribes and doctors, bub with authority rs Her hierarchy, inspired with confidence in Christ's perennial ' presence, • knows no distinction of rank or caste'J and. yet, who toil, more arduously for the present j who plant more assiduously for future genera^ tions ? Her levites and handmaids are filled with the same universal sympathies^ the same unoalculatinff. generosity. She influences babes and sucklings ; the Catholic ohild at its- school tasks shows" a tone of thought, a moral temper that/cannot bo mistakon. She at once speak9 .■ from tho housetops, to the great concourse1 of men, and yet reaches the most secret recesses of the individual mind. She touches the conscience at its quickest. She leavens the whole soul with a transmuting virtue. Everyone feels the distinctive character of Catholic conscience, and everyone who understands must admit that it makes for modesty, purity, honesty. Tho Church does not make light of the Stoic virtues ; she eitraots from them tho sting of the' serpent, the venom of pride and selfishness. The heroes she has crowned were without fear and without reproach. , Because her conversation is in heaven, it isherdelighb to be amongst the- children of men ; and she pays' the penalty of the disinterested in being; so muah- misunder stood. They who have no relish1 foil things heavenly are out of patience with her because she will not confine ^ her aotivity to the benevolence of earth ; while the self righteous would keep her within this'rails of the^sanotuary, suffering' asin-'aden world to proceed along tho path it has chosen. Tho Catholio ChUrch confesses herself a debtor to all men. She will not take up her parable with those who elect to preach the glorifica tion of any race in '.particular; she- will not bo content to interest cultured circles in questions of tho soul ; nor will she depend upon odd proceedings in ordor to attraot attention for a season : sho.has other means of leading men to Christ; " Lat a man so account of us," says the Apostle, " as of the ministorsof Christ, and tho' dispensers of the mysteries of God." Sho is filled with solicitude to be faithful to her- ministry, for her; strength lies theroin. She 'will nob cease to preach truth and justice and'm4roy ; to vindioatn tho rights and dignity of .man ; to 6tand, ns she has often ptood, between the oppressed and the oppressor • but, she cannot court applause at tho expense of the Gospel. Hor percepts will always bo sane and hor counsels feasible. She cannob undertake to preach a new Gospel. She has no call to tickle tho iiching ears of those who are weary of tho Apostolic messago. She has, however, an unbounded confidence in the efficiency of that message for tho healing of the nations." It is one of tho hopeful signs of this closing century that tho words which the Head of the Church, the Vicar of Christ, has addressed • to. Christendom: havo been received with growing respect by those who are not of tho fold, and have repeatedly been welcomed with joyous acclaim alike by tho rulers and peoples of thoe.irth. CATHOLICS OBLIGED TO EDIFV BY THEIR EXAMPLE... ' -•• Now the goodwill manifested by non Catholics towards tho doctrines ' and in stitutions of tho Church1 impose upon iis, pastors and people, a corresponding duty. It is no small ~ thing to be accountable in auymeaBuro for a brocher's ^ignorance of saving truth ; we daro not in tho last "day plead that we were hob our brother's keeper. When tho Church's own words fully reaoh the heart, they corno fraught with conviction. Through thorn tho Holy Ghost articulates his messago to tho soul. But tho simplest and most natural way for men tooonie faooto fnco with the Church is through the conversation and lifo of their Catholio acquaintances. The example of tho flook to the world is the test by whioh the world will appraise the work of the pastor, and of tho Church ho represents. It ib ii terrible thing to oauso tho Word of God to be blasphemed. Remember the woo de nounced by our Divino Lord-against thoso who shall havo given scandal. Leti Catholics not forget thai they owe religious obligations to their non-Catholic neighbouis as well as officuD of oharity towards their Catholio brethorn. In excusing tho transgressions of u weak brother you may err through excessive indulgence ; in condoning tho fault of one you may scandalise many. . Be lender and merciful as becomes; tho disoiples, of Him who prayed for his exooutioner, arid who commands us to pardon a brother's offenoo, not sevon times merely, but soventy times soven. Bub bo just. Moto out con demnation impartially, and romember that no man oan servo God or His Church so long as he is untrue to his obligations towards his follow men, without distinction of religion. Letyour judgments be biassod' by no party interests; but while osohowlng hateful inquisitorial practises, strivo in all things to uphold justico, integrity, and decorum. Bo not intimidated by caprice, though for a season it ohould wear tho commanding aspect of publio opinion. Tho fundamental truths by whioh your minds aro onlightenod should always shino luminously over your ways. Havo courage. Hido not this heavenly light from tho oyos of your follow countrymen. Hold it up-to them, that they too may learn to admire it and to lovo it, and that they may bo led by it unto tho Holy Mountain and into the Tabernacles of tho Lord. (To bo Continuod.) 