' 'Ringing the Changes. AN- AUSTRALIAN HORSE PASTORAL. Bx C. H. 8. One steaming Sunday morning, wo waa riding slowly down — That's me and Joe Irom Walwa— to Tarloola town, And the ohapel bell was ringing, as we oleared the bit of scrub That bounds the parson's paddook, at the , haok of Biley's pub. We hadn't got a deenar*, and we're anxious h«ra to state We'd break no Sunday liquor laws — whilst Riley kept a slate. This Jilloy seemed obliging, till he mentioned Jcx.-'d a bill That stretched instead of shrinking up and settling in his till. So Joe to head him off talks horse, and, giving mo a wink, Says, ' Riley, what was you before you took to soiling drink ? I've heard as how you used to own a ringing good old gray : The Badger, quite a champion in the stooplo ? ohasing way.' First Riley wrinkles up his lips, half whistles, then he spoke : ' 'Tis a very tinder topio, bhoys ; that gray horse sint mo broke. But take a nobbier to bis name, and while I teirthe tale, Just wish with me thom Qoulia coves wa3 doing time in gaol i I lost him in a kind of flood ; perhaps that's the reason why, When Badger's name is mentioned now, I'm* always feeling dhry.' ' I never was a silver tail what goes for full and flash, I'm modeBt like, especially when I am out for cash ; As most 'ud know old Badgo could win the Ooulia Steeplechase, I didn't gas as how I meant to Btart him in that race. Not muoh I I just forgets him sliok and in an absent way, He's entered ' Jenkin's brown, The Fox,' and exits Riley's grey.' ' When a cove has taken lessons in a back block goiling school, He isn't too partic'lar when he wants to scoop the pool ; And as I want's a monte what should cop the maximum, By wire they gets an entry for The Fifor ; I whew 1 a plum. The handicapper he fell in, and socks him up with weight, A pretty poultice, 14 stone ; The Fox gets 10 stone 8.'' ' Well, bhoys, ye know what color is, grey's always grev, brown ain't, But it isn't hard to change 'em if your handy with the paint. I'd got my dollars on The Fox, the pot was pretty warm — It somehow Btarts a-cooling when swish I comes a thunderstorm, The field was at the starting post ; what price the rain ? by cripes ! The Fox wants brushing up again -he's coming out in sthripes I' ' I twigs a transformation scene about his tail and mane*. As wo waited for tho flag to fall amidst that pourin' rain ; At last wo're off. The course was shtifl and 'fore we got once round, A divii's dozen of 'ein found they'd business with the ground;' .But two stood up : The Fox. hard held, the Doctor's ohestnut led, . But 'bout a mile or so from home she landed on her head.' 'As he's winning in a canter then, The Fox takes off too olose, And ioliowin* the proscription he nearly got his dose; Don't make no odds the Btumble, there's whijw of time to spare, The Fox wina very easy by a furlong from the maro. Why does tho Doctor protest ? What's that tho darned judge says, Number 9 is Jenkin's brown ; there ain't no zebra greys !' ' The band played then. Some swears its Badgo. I asks tho bloomin' Doo. If folks don't sometimes find their hair gone \- piobald through a shock. ' 'TiB rare,' says he ; says I, ' The Fox is timid, easy 'scared, So Jenkin's says all thom thundering falls have -frightened him white-haired I I -swore tho Badger's dead three months. ' Quito so ' thoy says ' he's dyed.' Tiio chestnut maro she got the stakes and I'm disqualified. II To save my skin and get away I paid up every debt, And had to give the Doc. my horse to square a fifty bet ; And in return ho whispers me, ' Them water colours Bpoil,' And paintings last far longer when the artist takes on oil.'.' ? ? ? ? - ? ' I've balanced up his.winhings since, though no more mokes' I dyed, I'bleaohed a bay to creamy with some shtuff call peroxide,' 'Tis made thoy say from bullock's Bkins— I (luimo. Noxt year I woii tho Doctor's dollars, though— my word — I cost him dear, He'd got tlie Badgor right again and backed him for a pile, But though I wasn't on the spot, I did him up in stylo. He don't know yet tho yellow horse, that beat him on tho post, Was thank's to that there stuff a crack bay steeplechaser's ghost.' ? *. ? ? ?? ? That's how I got the office, if in Tarioola town. Your parching for a nobbier and no coin to plank down, Call around on Riley and ask him for this talo, Sympathise disareotly, and you'll get it by the pail. * Deenar, a Shilling. He—' I feel like a fool to-night.' She — ' Why to-night ?' Ambiguous : She—' And would you havo loved mo just as much without my money ?' Ho — ' Just as muoh, my darling.'' '? Do you think you could eat another pieco ot pie, Tommy ?' ' I think I oould, ma'am, if I stood up.' In -Chicago:. Undertaker— 'Here, this won't do ; where iB tho sixth pallbearer ?' ' Ho Is— or— that is, he is proposing to the widow.' ' The best preventive for seasickness,' says the Manayunk Philosopher, 'is to climb a tall tree and stay there till the voyage is over.' ' Well, I swam I' said the cat on the baok j fence, as a shower of boots came his way ; ' that fellow must think I'Vb been getting marrisd.' Hoax—' Does Siilious know anything about musio?' Joax— 'No: he doesn't know tho difference between a stcing orchestra and a rubber band.' ' I think it is mean of you to say that tho | count is good for nothing.' ' Well, I Suppose if you ever go to Paris ho will come in handy as an interpreter.' J 