..',. MR&LARKES;'S MAMMA. ;When Isabella Carrie (niece of Sir George Currie, Bart., and grauddaughfcer, on her: mother's side, of the Right Hon. Viscount Vigornia) married Laneton Larkie, solicitor, she realised she was performing an act of condescension. Laneton Lar&ie; was a man of respectable parentage. His father was a canon, who owed his position to his \- merits, and his mother was the daughter of a Dean. But Laneton had been well edu cated. He had good manners and a good address, and these things were something, though they were a small matter in com parison with the Currie- Vigornia strain, of which Isabella could boast ? Besides, on the score of money, he was no great catch. :? For he had little else beyond bi& profes 1 sional income. ; Nevertheless, Isabella married him. For one thing, she was get1 ing on in years. For another') her widowed parent, the Hon. Mrs. Currie, did not make her very com fortable at home. Mrs. Currie was well off, but she was rather stingy, and grudged the expense which Isabella entailed upon her. Moreover, she was an old lady who was not above giving expression to her feelings upon this matter, and many were the hints which she had conveyed to Isabella about the . desirability of 'getting off' at an early ' ? date. These considerations, aided in part by her suitor's personal charm?, had induced her, at length, to accept Laikie. He, on his side, had been influenced by other motives besides those of love in making his choice. He had a West Ead practioe, and the class cf business he principally under took — divorce, and the negotiation of loans in_various forms — was such as would meet with most support from the faster-going members of the aristocracy. Now, in the great families with which Isabella Currie \- was connected, and also farther afiold io her circle of acquaintance, there existed many persons of this description, and Larkie made no doubt his union with the lady would result in a very large influx of . business to his office. ^ He was not deceived. Many of his wife's relations and not a few of har friends were, at once, considerate enough to pat roniso him. Before he had boon married to Isabella six months, he had on three di vorce acinus and 15 negotiations of ro versfonary iuterosts, all phced in his hands by -his wife's family and friends. Thu3 net ,? solioitorial profits on thts-3 matters won'sod out, io the costs account, to some ^12^00. ? Bat tn at — namely, the rendering of ths ac count — .vas as far as the profit got. When the time c ^mo for discharging the same, there was a .^ch. Most of those clients ..seemed* quito & ^prised that such a thing was expaoted of t,^6i9, What \vm Ihe good going to a friend W .relation to gut yoar . business doao, if he ' eh^'g^d you the- Rani3 j fees, and expected tht, s gan1© prompt settle- ' men-, as a perfect stranger1? And if he must send you in such thumpiDg bills, the least he could do, in common decency, was to wait until it was quite convenient for you to pay them (which, in the Currie Vigornia family was somawlrre aboub the Greek kalends). Laneton Larkie was naturally annoyed at being treated on this principle. He be gan to regret he had ever h*d dealings with such clients. A wife's relations ate excsl lent as benefactors, but a3 beneficiaries they stand on quite a different footing. Of course, he shoukTnot have minded obliging them now and again, but for them to come to him, and expect to get some important matters carried through by him for nothing, simply on the strength of his connection with their family, was altogether too tall an order. He complained of their conduct to his wife. Isabella took up the cudgel on behalf of her family, and consequently Mr. and Mrs. Larkie had a regular quarrel. Thi3 quarrel was just the beginning of an estrangement which, from that day for ward, began to develop between them. Id the Currie-Vigornia circle of acquaintance there existed many snobs of both sexes, who did not consider a solicitor good com pany enough f jr them, and treated Larkie with what he termed an offensive toleration. Baing a man of spirit, ho resented their ridiculous condecension, and showed them so, and thereby incurred their opon hostility. They could not hurt him much in otlm ways, so they procooded — 3sp3chlly the ladies among'-'them — to set his wife against him, as far as they could, by covert allusions and feline insinuations against his character. And, certainly, Lirkie's marital conduct was not entirely satisfactory. Mrs. Lwkie believed ha had married her for love, and his demeanor during the early days of their wedded life had borne out this belief. But, after a '.vhile, a chancre appeared in Lineton Larkio's manner. Hia little attention?, bis caressing words, his devoted glances, his post nuptial love-making, practically ceased. He grew indifferent — sometimes morose. And Isabella, like the foolish woman she was, went exactly the wrong way to recatl her husband's affections. She met his altered conduct with rage, bitterness, and furious sulkinga. So long aa he should remain ia his present frame of mind to wards her, har only one idea was to mak.i it hot for him. Setting, as Bhe did, an undue value upon her charms and infiu ,enca, she had no doubt that this treatment w ould in the end bring Lirkie in repentance to her feet, when ho would eifc the humble nid .of apology, and she would extend to Jiinpf the gracious condescension of forgive ness^ Very pretty of course, from her point of i - i -? view, and in theory altogether excellent. But in practice it did not eventuate. Larkie had no idea of yielding to this sort of thing — for he was a man with plenty of spirit — and he at once took up the gauntlet which had been thrown down to him. His wife meant to subdue him by sheer force of temper— did she? Well, let her try. He would soon wear her down at that game. The more she found fault with any action of his, the more ha would persist in it. She -had 'just taken to say disagreeable things to him for coming home late in the evenings. All right. He should simply come home still later for the future. She had questioned him suspiciously anent his frequent absences ' on business' from home and from the office (where she not in frequently called, to sae him)i She desired to know what the ' business' was. Why it frequently kept him out till after mid night ? And sometimes took him away for days altogether ? Lirkie declined to an swer. She became furious. Larkie re mained callous and obstinate. She then accused Mm of nameless iniquities'. Larkie laughed in her face. Things grew worS3 and worse. Isabella would not change her ill-advised plan of campaign. Laneton became much more determined in his defiinco. She twitted him with the insignificance of his origin fnl the seediness of his profession. Fq dtsoanted, sarcastically, upon her honor able relatives, and wondered aloud when he should see the color of Ourrie-Vi^ornia sovereigns. She was lost in astonishment at the infatuation which had led her to marry him. He was overcome with pro found surprise that he had ever found her at'racfcive. Meanwhile, his conduct advanced in irregularity. Hs was out laterand later at night. Hi* absences from home ' on busi ness ' became outrageously frequent. Mrs. Lirkie was aroused to a frenzy of suspicion. She did a humiliating thing ; she wheedled a clerk in Lirkie's office into giving her certain information about her husband. From him Bhe learned what filled her with jealou3 rage. Not only was Larkie neglect ing his business by frequent absences from his office, but even when there, he was con stantly (the shameless wretcb) receiving calls from theatrical-looking ladies. Oae lady, in particular, had called a great many times lately. Who was she ? The clerk did not know. She would never givo her name. Was she young ? Pretty 1 Well, ho didn't think there could be two opinions about her age. There certaiuly were not about her looks. She was (to use his vulgar idiom), 'real j*in, and don't you format it.' ilta, Ijarkie turned white with, wrath, HHHIiHiBiilliiiMBEMHHMHMMNHMWBMMMHBaHBMI when she heard this. She Vowed to \ her« self that she would lose no time in taking a decided step ; and with; this idea strong upon her, she went straight to consult with, her honorable mother. Mrs. Currie wag highly eoandalised and indignant, Sha concurred emphatically in the immediate necessity of drastic measures. ' We must put a stopper on his wicked levity at once,' she aaicL : ' But what is to be done, mamma,' sobbed Mrs. Larkie. 'It does not mattes what I say to him. He simply defies me. He even laughs in my face ; he is so utterly callous and brutal.' ' Leave him to me, my dear child,' sail her mother with gleaming eye and resolute demeanour. ' I will tackle him, I wilU— yes, I will go home with you this very afternoon ; and when Mr. Larkie returns he will find himself face to face with me !' The Hon. Mr3. Currie laughed as she uttered these words. It was not a laugh of amusement. It rather suggested spite and a malicious forecast of triumph. Mrs. Currie remembered with pardonable exulta tion how she had reduced John Currie, hep husband, when he, in . his newly-wedded days, had seen fit to kick against the pricks. It had only taken a week to bring him to abject submission, rebellious spirit though he was. Laneton Larkie should be settled in far less time than that, and she should enjoy crushiog him. There was that.lit lj matter of the mortgage, which, out of sheer benevolence, she had put into his hands, and for whinh he had actually had the bad taste to render an account.. She had nob paid it, and ehe did not mean to. , But the impudence of his expecting a. settlement ! Mrs. Currie laughed spitefully again as Bhe tasted in advance the pleasure, of rubbing it into Laneton. - ... ? ; ''But you will find him a perfect wretch to deal with— you will, indeed, mamma/V said Mrs. Larkie. . '..' . .:' .j 'Never fear, Isabella,' was h?r mother's determined reply. ' 'I don't think he will fight very long against me.' . .t So Isabella took her mother back. home', with her- and as Larkie had not then, returned, the two ladies dined '.tete-a-tete.*. They had to eit up afterwards for several hours. Mrs. Currie's majestic face, grew more and more ominous. She felt', tkt (apart from its being . her- daughter '. w|ho , was so used) Buoh conduct '.on ^ he.? fcas-;, band's part was simply a' diabolical insult .. offjred to the married estate. ' Mrs. Carria. was very jealous for the marrie^'' estate. She always had been. ; It waej 'aa;the7 late John had often ' said, with ieeling, her one pet hobby. Shehadbeenanally,eie:np'w,v to many married relatives. But 'twas some years since her services had been : requisi tioned. Now, therefore, she -felt like ii' veteran returning to war after a spell of enforced peace. She was simply panting :7 for the fray. Had Lirkie been able from a distance to view that teirific face, I tliink he would never have returned. But, of course, he could not ; and, shortly after : eleven, was heard the sound of his latchi key rattling in the lock. ., - He entered, and found' himself face to face with this veteran champion of; the , married estate. What conflict ensued can- ; not be here set forth. There are thihg^;: that even the least modest are loth to-; mention, scenes that the freest pens prefer; to curtail and condense. 'Tis enough to write that Larkie proved himself a hope- .-.. le&s; reprobate— a man lost to every eense of shame. That such a thing should have' happened in a London drawing-room, in this enlightened age, it is dim' suit to be lieve. But so it was. There, standing upon his own hearth-rug, in the full light of a gas chandelier, he— yes, he laughed aloud at the Hon. Mrs. Currie. He told her he didn't care a twopenny— well, something which isn't fit to repeat, for any thing she might say. He was master under that roof, and thus would continue/ to be. With Mrs. Cuvrie's leave he would take the liberty of sending to the neigh bouring rank for a cab to convey her home. The cab was sent for — without the for mality of awaiting her permission— and . Larkie politely held open the door tor hia mother-in-law to pasa out. The champion of the married estate was aghast— speeoh- less. Such brazen defiance offered to that great social institution, the wife's mother, was unparalleled in her long and varied experience. It made her feel that all whereon she had leaned as most Bure was giving way beneath her. She could just gasp out to her daughter — ' Como with mo; Isabella I Come to tho refuge of your mother's roof ! I cannot leave you with this wretcb.' ' Thauk you, dearest rnfimuw, I shall, indeed, be grateful for that aeylum^' ' (jrie/J . . '. Isabella, dinging to her mother's arm. 'No, , you shall not stop me going,' she added with au excited glance, at her husband. _ *' My dear, I have no desire to do so,' .-replied the wretch, with an uufeuling grin. ,WiIf you remain uuder the shelter ..of yr-ur .mother's roof till doomsday, I shall offer no objection. ' We will waste no more worJs oa this? \- depraved monster,' gasped the Hm. Mrs. Curtie. ' Come along, my Isabella.' The two ladies walked majestically out and entered the cab. Lirkie stood on the doorstep and kissed his hand to them as they drove away. . Next morning, Mrs. Currio took advice an her daughter's behalf — not legal advice, the time for that was still to arrive— but the advice of her most trusted and confiden tial friend. He was a clergyman, a senior curate, who had now for many years been the honorable lady's father confessor. '' A faw unkind persons hinted that her attach ment to him was something more than jaerely ecclesiastical. Mrs. Currie was over -50, but her heart w'a3 younger than her bidy.; and, in reference to the senior curate, it cherished (so they said) its little romance. Of course the romance was de corous, platonic. It could not be other ? wise. The curate was 20 years younger than Mrs.' Carrie, and a married man. He was also a pious and respected priest. In the fdoe of these iacts, scandal could have very little to say; and, indeed, Mrs. Ourrie's species of infatuation for her spiritual director is a common and harm less thing enough, being found every day in. the most blameless married bosoms. ' But it was not simply her respect and aff-ction for HieronymusBbby, the curate, that led Mrs. Game to ask his advice in this corj -cture. There was another and a more practical reason. Hieronymus was ' himself in the same trouble as Mrs. Laneton Larkie. His wife's conduct had long been ?egarded as unsatisfactory by the divine. They had not hit it off too well since thsir marriage, and lately a complete estrange ment 'had resulted. Hieronymus had con fided all this to his dear friend, Mrs. Currie ; and had also confided to her his intention of having his wife watched by a private detective. He had since informed her that he had found a most admirable man for his parpo.-e, a man whom, in the event of any of hi3 friends n quiring a similar service — which Gjd forbid !— ho would recommend with paif.ct confidence. Mrs, Currie now tlid require euch a service for her daughter; and she went to Hieronymus to lay her trouble before him, and to. learn the said detective's address. The curate, as always, was most tender and sympathetic. He readily gave the required name and address — that of one Ephraim Seager, in Doctors' Commons, lie' even offered to accompany Mrs. Curiie 1 hither, and support her at her interview . with ths detective. But this she declined, from motives of prudence, and went to Doctors' Commons attended only by her daughter. After some delay, they obtained an inter view with Si ager. They found him asharp, little maD, of business-like and intelligent aspect. He at ouoe jotted down the details of the .affair to be investigated, and pro mised that it should bo taken in hand with out delay. ?'And you will keep us accurately in formed as to your discoveries 1' said Mrs. Currie. , ,' As soon as we lay our finger on — hem — anything — hem—-tangib!e, we will report to you at once, madam.' '. Mr. Lirkie is very clever/' struck in Isabella. ' You will be very careful not to let him sse that he is being watched.' A ghost of a smile flickered on Ephraim Seager'a face. ' Madam,' he replied, ' we are at this , moment shadowing a doz-in husbands and wives not oue of whom, I will engaga to eay, has the remotest idea that he is under surveillance. All our employes are first rate hands at the business.' The morning after, Mrs. Currie had a oall from Hieronymus Bibby. The curate's smug1, shaven face wore a pleased, rather excited look. Pie wa? habited in his best \- clothes, and groomed and scented to a nicety. Such a living exemplar of refined and elegant saintliness was scarcely to be ?matched in the West End oi London. 'I have just come from Sealer's,' said . his reverence, when he found himself alone with Mrs. Currie. 'He has given me some information about my wife.' 'Of — of what nature ?' asked the lady, with evident interest in her tone. ' Rather satisfac — ahem. I menn un- j satisfactory,' was the reply. j ( ' Are— are your worst fears realised j'' inquired Mrs. Currie, she spoke with unac countable eagerness. ' I am afraid so,' answered Heironymus. 'Seager seemed to bo convinced of that — er — lnmentable— er — cstastrbpbe. He has no definite proof yet But he has found my wife frequently and secretly as sociating with a certain gentlemas, whose reputation leaves much to be desired.' 'Who is the gentleman ?' ' Seager will not divulge his nama at present. He wishes to obtain certain proofs of— er — the worst' (Flieronymus turned his eyes in some confusion on the carpet, while Mrs. Carrfe looked out of the win dow) before doing so. ' These detective fellows are very cautious. They like to be on the eafa side, and to avoid giving one information which one might try to use on one's own account. I am, however, to be fully informed within a few days.' ' And if you do obtain proof of the— the worst?'' faltered Mrs. Carrie, in a sim pering voice, which hirrnouised rather strangely with her ago and figure. 'Then,' said the senior curate, clasping his hands, and looking fervently towards the ceiling, ' it will be my duty, dearest lady, to — er — take steps for the— er — re- covery of 'freedom.' For som9 minutes after this there reigned an awkward silence. Hieronymu* regarded Mrs. Ourrie with admiring glauces. She had money. Sha waa backad by the Ourrie Virgomb prestige. These would more than counterbalance a mere bagatelle of 20 years. Uaifced to that money, and backed — even at the second hand — by that; pres tige, he should not long remam a senior curate. Pleasant visions cf rectories and canonries unfolded themselves to his mind's eye ; in the remoter vista behind them deaneries and even biahopiie3 appeared. The name, Hieronymus B.b'ny, so to spsak, mado for an imposing prefix, tho 'Very Reverend ' or the ' R'ght Reverend, ' wou'd go with it exactly. The ssnior curate squeezed Mrs. Carrie's hand. It was a tender Eqiietz.'. She re turned it blushing. . It was a sympathetic return. From that moment, a swiBet, secret understanding was established betwen them. « You — you serpent,' hissed the Honor able Mrs. Carrie. ' Pray bo c»lm, my dear lady. I ibali not detain you more than a few minutes. But I must read a few notes mada by an employe of mine, -which' I believe will be interesting to you' . The scene was Ephraim S Jager's office ; the speaker ffas L^neton Larkie. Ho eat in the rnanagor's chair, with a grin upon bis face, lookiag unaffectedly delighted at the blank faces of M;s. Carrie, his wife, and Hieronymus Bibby, who were seated opposite to him. 'Odd, isn't it1?' he had said, rubbine his bands. ' But how were you to know ? I only took up this line three months ago, and we ran ihe shop in the name of my manager, Seager. Pays better than law, I can tell you. We go in for cash settle ments here. Almost my first client, Mr. Bibby, was your wife. She wasn't quite satisfied with you ; and she wanted to have you watched. You bave been watched — with most interesting results.' (His rever ence at the minute had looked the picture of discomfort ; Mrs. Cmrio also had visibly changed colot). ' Very rum thing you then coming hero to employ mo just after wards, wasn't it? — naver guessing (how Bhould you?) that I niynoli' — tui ! h» 1 lm ! you'll excuse me laughing— that I myBolf was the fellow whom you believed to be gallivanting — ha I ha ! ha !— with your wife. And thsn your coming here, too, my dear mother-in-law, and Isabella, and setting .me to wa'ch myself! Upon my sou1, it's too roh !' At the ruinate Mrs. Currie, with furious venom, had designated Larkie a serpont (as set forth above), and he had replied by stating his intention to read aloud certain notes. Aa he spoke, he took a small diary from his breast- pocket) and, with; a maddening smirk upon his face, began to read..:—' November 17, Tuesday.— 'Fallowed the parRon and the old gil round gardens of Crystal Palace ; saw him equeedge her in the Rosary ; ill gal seemed to like.it ; she — ' Sir,' cried ouS Hieronymus Bibby, red dening like a turkey- ock, ?' how dare you reai out that— that— f-f-alse and— sc-so- andalous girbage ?' i ' Hj wa3 a vulgar man who m.cU the note, you see,' said Larkie, with fe'.gned apology ; ' and he has expressed the facts in a manner rather forcible than refined. However, as you p- j ct to the extract, let mo try another : — November 19 — Underground Railway. Parson aad old gal in next compartment Peeped over partition, Parson kissed old gal. OJd gal cud dlp.d him roun I the reck Called him her 'ickle mannakin.' Never Been such a spoony — The Honorable Mrs. Carrie started from her chair. Her face was ablaze wiih shame aud fury. Shu grasped her umbrella, as if sho would have bninad her smirking son in-law with that meagre weipon. 'You— you — lying monster,' shoshrieked. ' Yuu sc-sc-8c-ur-r-r-i-lou3 de-davil.' Lirkie bowed his acknowledgments, and smiled blandly. ' Just one more extract,' he said. ' It's an awfully funny one. I mu3t read it : — November 20. Sab behind parson and old gal, having tea in A. B.C. shop iu Ttegent-stieet. 'Pon my word that old gal she does go it. Told the pirsoa that the touch of his sle.nder fingers thrilled her l.ke a gallivanUc— (Ha I Ha 1 Ha ! I prfesume my employee mentis galvanic) — battery. And that the skin of hia cle ks wss — (LLi ! Hi ! Hs 1 Excuse my laughing)— aa soft as a doe skin glove. He ? -' In the middle of hia reading, the' door banged with a tremendous slam. Mrs. Currie Had fled, i-contiuent, leaving Line toa Larkie master of the situition. He now directed his attention to his wife and Hieronymu3. ' Just one word if advica for you two,' he slid. ' Yiai, my daar Ieabella, had better return to your husband at once like a sensible woaiar. And you, Mr. Hiorony mu3 Bibby, had bettor go and make your peaco with jour wife — before, she hears (aad I shall not, iu that case, inform hej) about the — hn, ha 1 galvanic battery, and the doe akin glove. 