"NEWS FROM COOLGARDIE. <6 ! — - (By Parramatta.) During the whole of the past week there Tmn been a steady influx of new arrivals from " totherside," and as fast as they came they were engaged to man the leases. It is computed by those best able to judge that at least 6,000 miners were engaged and desDatched to the various leases during the week ending February 1, and still the demand for miners continues. The rate of wages is £4 ' per week, and water (two gallons per day). In some instances at tempts have been made by leaseholders to secure men at £3 10s., but all attempts proved failures, as the miners are praotic- ally masters of the situation at present. # The Coolgardie people have at last been thoroughly aroused to the fact that the interpretation placed by the Govern ment upon clause 11 of the new Mining Act is likely to cause serious inconvenience and much financial loss. On Saturday evening last a public open air meeting, under the presidency of Dr. Simon, was held in Bayley-street, to protest against the obnoxious interpretation. The attend ance was the greatest that has ever yet been assembled in this city. The various speakers received a very attentive hearing, and there was an almost entire absence of those frivolous interjections and asinine interruptions which have characterised previous open air meetings which have been held here. This unmistakably indi cates that the people mean business, and that they do not intend to quietly submit to the strained interpretation placed on this particular clause by the Government. A series of resolutions were carried unanim ously, the last one of which empowered the Chamber of Mines to appoint a deputation to act in conjunction with delegates from other mining centres, in their attempt to have the disability removed. The draft of a proposed letter of remonstrance to the Premier was read and approved by the meeting, which terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Some comment was made upon the absence of the Mayor, who is still enjoying the delights of Bun- bury, instead of attending to his civic duties in Coolgardie, but no particular regret was expressed. Most people here regard Mayor Macdonald as a kind of a round peg in a square hole on account of his recent attempt to stifle freedom of speech at the Victoria Theatre on the memorable occasion of Sir Sohn Forrest's visit to Coolgardie. On that occasion Mr. Vosper attempted to move a mild and courteous amendment to the motion of thanks to Sir John, but Mayor Mac., who was running the Bhow, refused to put the amendment, whereupon Mr. Vosper left the building, and the audience followed him en masse, leaving Sir John and his sycophantic friends to the contemplation of a beggarly array of empty chairs. # # # Speaking of Mr. Vosper reminds me that in your issue of January 25 you publish a very interesting and instructive report of an interview with that gentleman, which every person who has the interest of these fields at heart would do well to "read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest " and then paste in a portfolio for future refer ence. I have searched in vain through the columns of the Coolgardie newspapers to see if they had re-printed this valuable contribution to the goldfields literature. PosBibly when they are done weeping for the late Mr. Battenberg they may be able to give a little more attention to matters of local interest or general importance. Mr. Vosper is a gentleman who, if he cared for the honour, could rise to the highest pinnacle of fame on which it is possible for the miners — the working miners — on these fields to place liini. He wields a facile pen, is a fluent speaker, and voices the aspirations of the toiling masses. He is a democrat, socialist, and separationist, an uncompromising opponent of coloured labour, and an avowed opponent of the present Government. When the next political crisis comes on, and the best man is wanted to represent his fellow- men on these fields, Mr Vosper need have no fear of rejection should he elect to woo the suffrages of the electors. Many measures of rodress and reform are await ing the manipulation of a master-mind and master-hand and there is a strong and growing feeling here that Mr. Vosper is the one man who can adequately and; effectually supply this long-felt want. # # # # The town was thrown into a state of excitement last Thursday by the report of an attempted murder and suicide which proved to be only too true. The victims (they were both victims) were an aged couple named Rust, the parents of popular Mr. Fred. Rust, clerk in the post-office, and well known in cricketing circles hero. Old Mr. Rust is bordering upon 70 years of ago, and, becoming weak-minded, imagined that he had a cause for jealousy against Mrs. Rust, who is sonie few years his junior. The old man was continually railing on the subject, and threatening to do some thing desperate, but the old lady took no heed" of his revilings. On the day. men tioned, however, the old gentleman ap proached his wife with a loaded revolver, and fired two shots at her. The first one missed, but the second struck her in the breast and nearly proved fatal. He then discharged the weapon at himself, inflict ing a dangerous wound on the head. Both were conveyed to the looal hospital, where it was ascertained that Mrs. Rust was so seriously injured that- it will be many months before she can get about again. It is probable that Mr. Rust will very soon recover. Much sympathy has been ex pressed for Mr. Fred. Rust. # # # A very annoying prosecution arose out of the holding of the recent bazaar in aid of the funds of the Roman Catholic Church, and caused considerable comment here. It also convinces me that the sectarian ghost which I thought was exorcised is not so dead as he deserves to be. An information was laid against one of the lady stall holders for selling liquor without a license, to wit : three glasses of whiskey. The in formation was laid by one Robert Waugh, who in his evidence could not substantiate the charge laid in the information or even recognise the lady who sold the whiskey. The case was therefore dismissed with costs against Waugh. Mr. Stewart, solicitor for the defendant, Btated : " It was the most cruel and uncalled-for charge ever laid. The clergy knew nothing about it, and the com mittee of ladies who had got up the bazaar and worked at it for the past six months, to raise funds for their church, took, all the responsibility on themselves. He could only stigmatise it as a mean and contempt ible action on the part of the person who laid the charge." These remarks were endorsed by the bench and the announce ment of the dismissal of the case was re ceived with loud applause. The bench spoke apologetically for the action of the police in this unpleasant matter, and stated they had only done their duty in bringing the case forward. Bigotry indeed dies hard. # # # # A very melancholy death occurred in Coolgardie last Aveek. The deceased was a German named Walter Volstedt, about 55 years of age, who had been living by him self for some months in a tent on the 90- mile road. He seemed to be religiously inclined and evidently Avell-educated. On the day previous to his death he was seen by one of the neighbours drinking out of a water-bag. Amongst his effects was a bible and a pocket-book, and in the latter was Avritten a piece of poetry which has been translated by a member of the Cool gardie Miner staff : — melancholy. Lonely, O God, I stand upon thy earth ; Lonely my feet bear me through the world ; Lonely I walk among thy flocks, Lonely in my mournful heart. Cares rest, O God, within my bosom ; Cares in the morning light aAvake me, Cares in the evening bring me pain, Cares make up the story of my life. Without love I find my brothers, Without pain they see my pain, Without love they come and they depart, Without love remains my shrinking heart. Lonely I wonder through each zone, Lonely I pass from land to land, Lonely I go ryhere brothers dwell, Lonely — I cannot find the home of love. Walter "Volstedt. aau., uu. 