[?] [?] LOCAL PKKMIEIISHIP. LnlolilinnU v tllobc, Woiitirorth I'ork. UmplrOB, Mosurs. Luonu mid HUlIard. . Pmlilluntmi v North Hydnoy, North Sydnojr. Una j)ire«, Moiiars. Cor nud Hnll. UiiUiTHitT t South Mj-dncy, tho 'Oval. Umplrta, W0K»ra. Evoro ami 'iYoailifolil. ' Ceutrnl Cmnhcrlnml v Kodfcu-u. PnrramnHa. Uin pliun. ilttiiniii. Wliitanml Badoulmta. Burwduil t Wnverlny, Ilarwooil. Ihnpiron, IIoaarB. Jimnu mid TlioinpKi.ui. K:iut Sydiify, a bjro. SKCONDURAOK. . . Mnnly v Olel)3, Manly. Kiuit tfvtlncy r Puddlnijtoii, Huolionttora Bny. Wuvoiloy v Itcdforn. Wavcrloy. South hydnoy v North Syduoy, Kodforn. IiolotibnrdL r'Coutrnl Cumberlnud, Lelohhardk. Kt.Ooorifov Univiimlty, Brighton. Burwoou, n liyo. npwO conturica by colta against tlio Hop. -'- team ! And nuch centuries, too. Tlio olovon iiad a very bad bowlinfr timo nt tlio batting hands oE tho, fifteen, and on tlio form of fcho match would hnvo had a mmilarly bad bowling timo at tho butting hands of tUvcn. of tlio liFtoon. Young Hopkins' crickot v/»u grand; it delighted mo boyond moaauro. Ho did not piny tlio gentle gooao game, nor did ho play tho swishing, Eky-aciapiii|if giimo; but ho played thoroughly sound, nuro cricliot, lilto a batsman whoso mission io firstly to got runs, nnd iiocondly to got thorn in an attractive stylo. 'L'lio moro I soo of him tho moro I urn fmtisfiod that ho ia a good 'mu. Anotlior thing which gratified mo greatly wan tliat young Trunipor 1ms at lust nhown tho good liouao to give up tho ulaui, bIiibIi, liiff, bam?, bwih, whiff, whack, whuili, whoosh, uling-your-innings-a'wny stroke at ovory ball that oomoa along, irrespective of ita paco and pitch. Tlio result was that tho boy played ft vory fine, free and finiuhod innings, on u wicket that was a triflo tricky. Porhapu tlio doteruiinod and dauiitloBU, cool and cautiouu, yot delight fully brhl: batting of 'Hopkins O])onud hia oyoa to hiii ov7n fatal failing — carelessness. Tom Garratt is a shrewd old player, and I fancy ho io in on tiro accord with mo in tlio opinion that tho Elovou'u bowling was domunbly poor, considering tho nainoH and reputations of tho tnui dlorH. Andy Newell bowiod fcho boat, and Noblo trundled protty woll for a timo, but what about Coniugham and Tumor? Noithor of ilicm looked liko nhifting a b.itsman on Saturday, and, although I am nn ndmiror of both iih trnudlora, I muHt ooufi'HS that thoir present form is far bolow tho Intorcoloinal otandard. AVImt ia more, neither should possess tho ghost of a 0I1111130 of oi'loctiou unless ho shown improvement during tho noxt four weeks, 'J'urnor would bo good ouoii|;h, if ho woro to pructico (-which iio doesn't), for you know ho was never '' Tho Terror' on our own Australian porfoct wiukotn. An for Connio, ho doea practico diligently, yet hia loiiiffcl) in an erratic as tho diroctlou of hiii fan!, oiio. A dozen players will bo selected to go to Adohudo and Molbourno, and tliat dozen will tako no end of selecting. Professor Auntin would bo in my team before either Turner or Coniughnin on thoir form of tliio (ionhoii. Hut it in too curly to talk of piok inj.; tho olovon j aoiuo bijj ucorea and good bowling' will he douo between now and tho timo to make tho nolcction. In tho moan time, wo all must hopo that tho coluotoro will not bo dazzled by old timo doodo whon called upon to conuidor tho claims of tho bii.-iU of tho youngsters, bo they batsmen or bowloru. The Molbourno Club did noino big run gottiug mid big collapsing againut Kaat Molhoiirno on Blonday. Tho brilliant Jtruco and carnful Oharlio M'Lood put on 101} for tho flrtt, wlokot in mi hour, tho marvolloun 'mauloy' gottimt 71. Thou Cluuiio Muc and U. 1j. Wilaon (of Sunsux) wont for tho b,ov/lin^ with groat heart. They took it to 271 for ono wickot, but all woro out for Mil. ? What a collapoo I M'Liiod vfnii run oiib for 121, and AVilnon «ot 80. Albert Trott'ij trundling canned tho falling away, hiit avorago boiug ilvo for .107. Ho now bonln a log-break nu well an n fivtifc hall. I'ifl-y odd j)oundu woro takon at tlio mutch on Saturday and Monday. Tlio old codgoro wcro uurpriaocl at ita financial nou fiiiluto. Harry Donnan in not any lloiihly fattor tlian beforo ho wont homo. Ho In, how ovor, financially fnttor, which is good Imainoan. 9 9 9 Dodgor Cfimphin got hin little !)3 on Monday. Ho didn't got thorn too woll, but tho wiokot didn't play too woll. Tie (fob' them, howovor, ho ? got thorn agalnut Sho/llold'n tonin, and ho got a fow in Mol bourno in .1891 wliou no ono oloo but 3yd. (irogory could got; thorn. Jio got thorn in ' olub orickoti, nud ntlll golu thoni, and yot wunn'ti pood finough for a plnco in tho lntib tonm fclmt wont to Now Zealand. Some dulootoru iinvo fiuln, oMioru f/woritou, and a nolootor with ft tiul or favorito oughtn't; to bo a Holaotor, Glvo mo a fudlotin, favorlouo tiblo nolootor. '1'liojr nro rnrp birds, but Charlio ltlohardiion in ono nvioli. Harold Evero vms not fcrcn.t»Ml according to hia butting moritn in buitifj put dov/u last in tho fifteen ; but whou hu did go in it was a good aijjn that ho nhowod no lnck of confidence, nor yot tliO uannl «loi5f»m(j tactics of tlie hut moil. H.E. mado SO, and was Btiappod up at tho vriolfotn whoa otrustglinff along atrongly and full of runs. SI'Botli bowlod a long way tho bunt on Mouduy. It is, hovrovor, a wonder ho [jot a vrickot at all. Booing how ho was shunted off and ahuntod on by Captain Noblo. Whon ho had takon two for 21 (only two wickoto down) ho wan takon off; again, vr hon ho had takon throo for 27 (only three vfickota dotvn) ho was takou off. Tlio noxt best bowlor on tho aide, Pyo, was triod sixth. Chan. Grogory did not do hiuisolf juatico on Saturday — playod back too much on a fast wicket. Old Ned should havo Boat him n, tologram : ' Go out to thniu, my boy ! ' A. C. K. Mackonzie'a foitn iagond enough to make mo fancy hn will nhake up (iri-gory, Irodalo, Donnau and Co. for tho uvenigea in big matohos this year. His log glanco ia a striking (itioko, and full of -t's. Willio Itichardson'a !)G not out ought to have boon a contury, but it was not — tlio acoror could not couvort hyna into hat« nian'o notchos. Willio triod painfully hard to get tho tluoo ilguroa, and whon it was thought ho had really got tlmm n wild whoop from 1700 throacs ront tho air. Groat was tlio dolight Ilootingly dopictod upon tin) cnuiitonaimo of Willio M'Elhouo, who iB E ist Sydney to tho backbone. Tlio way a thiugotrikos different pooplo: Alick Jlaokonzio irmdo a ulorioita log glanoo on Monday, but it was beautifully caught. Dick Cooko ojaculatod : ' Good atro — , well caught, air.' It was cluh-inulo Eb:i worth who unurcd tho ball ouo hand. Dan llogau in the ono breath : (brightly) 'Goodatroko! (uorrowfully) hard luck ! In olovon iiHide it would havo boon fonr.' It wan club-ma to Mackcuzio vrlio mado tho Gtroko. Harry Froo: 'Woll bowled, nir! That's throo wickets Iih'b got ! By Jingo!' Harry, liko Arthur Huxtor, ia ouo of tlio cricketing godfathers of bowlor M'Doth. A clusely-pafikod cluster of young Shoro . Dion (flvo in number), aoated in tho grand Rtiuid on Saturday, had a high old timo. They had como ovor to boo JDort Hopkiuo batting, and whon tlioy u&vt; him going in firat woro doviliahly delighted. Whou ho started to scoro they chourod. Tlioy cheurod every run, and by tho flniuh of his iuniuga thoir linudH woro uoru from clapping and throat ii dry and tired -from hurrahing. Those five hilariouu young gontlomon, I tako it, am gront oriukot onthuxlaiito. 'J'hoy paid thoir bobs and got tho worth of them. When Hopkins roauhod thaeantury you would havo thought it was till Glouo lot looso. Novol- mind, it ia a hoiUthy uign. ? « ? Thoro is a tauui in Syduoy playing uiulor tho name of tilio NondeucrlptB, composed principally of old King's School boya mid four Morovrothura. Playing ot CauipbuIU town agninut tho local teivm on Monday, tho four brotliorn mado exactly 2ip runn out of a total of U30, William making 5)1, Howk (who woighs 15»t) 05, Frod 50, and Hudgo i'i. Boaidoa diKtinguiohing thom iiolvou with tho lull, throo of tho brothers bowled liiiccoaafully. ' What about 'Wilson ?' was n vory por.. tinontromarlj bellowed bull-hkoby aporky, luaty - lungod criokot outhusiaot auatod in tho torruco fituud on Monday nftor nooii. It found an ochoing roply, un framed in words, dancing on tho toitguo of ovnryono in tho ground oxcoptmpf Cap tuin Ted Noblo j 'Yea, what about Joo 'Wilaon?' I'll bet Syd.Walford said so; I'm nuro I did, and I know all Arrow roadora present did, too. Tho uhapoly Joaoph was tho eighth bowlor tried, aftor about 111 changon in tbo trundling. It justuhowa you how groat judgon ditlor in thoiio mat torn. Joo pluyod for N.S. W. against South Australia two or throo yoarn ago puroly uii a bowlor j ho tosson thorn up now juot no woll an ho did then. Didn't ho bowl old 'W. fl. Graoo noclc and crop for a blob, and hasn't ho gob tho bull mounted in uitvor an a trophy of that daring dood I Tod Noblo must havo labored uudor tho impression that Joo Wilson was picked as n batsman : bo iiont him in beforo Farquhnr, Pyo, Truuipur nnd Camphiu. Our Noblo friend ovidently lakes littlo notice of tho porfor liiauccs of other orickeLoni. On dU that V. 3. 'Waddy is to bo a cliurchman, or, in tho Australian vernacu lar, a sky-pilot, and that ho io going back to Oxford next MurOh. Tho friends of Frank M'Klhono (tho Wnvorloy votornn) -wlU bo norry to learn that tho athloto of mnny parts (ulngor, cyclist, bowlor, nnd criolcotor) mot with, an nccidont whilst ondoavoring to porform an norobatio font on tho biko fcho othor day.' Ho wns roturning from tlio bafcha whon a dovil of a dog with a llngorintr, longing look Biiggostivo of a liking for logs camo at him. Tho avomgo cyclist is woll practiaod in tho art of rolling tho barkor on his buck by a doxtorouo'uoo of hiu boot. Miio.'b oyo Klonniod with dolight whon (llQ opottod tlio (\ojr poming at him. 'Ah, ah!' Bfticl Iio, ' I'll Jmvo hin nippiiig nlbn,' but thin clino nomoUililf/ wont wron|{, tlio nmahino wont : down with its ridor undornoath, and tho dojf dioappoarod with hia tail biddon. Tho ; biko ia now a wrock, and Mac. is just bo ', (vuining to fool rollof from tho pains, but hia hatid r.till ohowa a mark. A biko is ; now on cr.lo vory choup out Wavorloy way « ? f Whon Ooninghaui wont to tho wickots ' on Monday ho got his block and fchon turned round, looked at fcho fiold, and ro nmrkod in no inaudiblo tono .- ' Hovr many of you aro thero ?' r Thoro woro only fiftoen, but it didn't matter how many oven if only ono, and that ono Fiirquhur. v;ho oottlod Connio'n hueh, firiit b.y crippling him, and thon by dishovollin^ his timber. Conuio ' lirnpod in looking aad tiud ooro. Johnnio Gould thouglit it was up to him to hit Turnisr OixS of tho ground on Monday1. Ho had oho try and failed. Then ho tried ngain, and sucioodad not in despatching the ball ovor. tho track, but in lodging it gracefully into tho welcoming hands of Tom Garrott. If Johnnio poascssud a finiiio of Horculoan mould his nttompt; might havo been fraught with success, but naturo novor built him to ba a lifting slammer. IInniiTiin knocked up 51 on Saturday r.ud 41 on Wodnosdiiy for Itadforn — top nr.oro on oach occasion. Ho is l-ati.in,- tu.ifjnifi contly, and I liRsiinto not to nay »fw\ila havt bean one of the first msn selected in lha fifUcn. The form ho hns shown this 8viisou ia ovon class onoiigh for tho olnven. Thoro is not another batmnnu in Sydney who putn tho same woight of wood into tho o.irpot drivo as llanigau has dono within the luafc six wooku. * m * At tho local ground on Saturday thoro was a goodly crowd looking on, and whilst Hunigan was piling up the runs diBciwnion of his morita as a batsman wns goneritl. Kvoryono wanted to know why ho was not selected. Ono follow said that ho thought llanigan would not havo playod if picked, but tho fellow did not know what ho was talking about. Another romarkod, with a bro.ad amile, '? tliey don't pick bnor chowora.' It wan spnkou sarcastically, for Hanignu iu ono of the fow men who can irmko tho boaut that intoxicating drink has novor crossed his lipj. Nor liuu ho ovor omokod. Another goutlomau uaid, with a wink of tho weather oyo : ' Thorn is only ono thing wrong with Arthur llaniffan'u cricltnt.' ' What's that ?' said two or throo otliors inchoruH. '? Ho gels his runs for Iludiorn instoad of South Sydney,' was the lacouiu reply. If Toil Nnblo does not captain Loichhardt bi'ttur than hi) did tho iiftnon ho won't captain a conquoring crowd against tho Ulobo to-day. Ondil that old Jiminio Woodon has boon omit tod from tho Buiiforn toaiu to-day. If oo, tho local Rclecturu havo undoubtedly mado a mistake. Woodou liaa had bad luck in his bntbiug, and tho clmucos nro that on his favorite ground ntl'uniMnatta it would havo turned. Eocco Atkins ic to play with Eudfornaud not South Sydnoy. Lnrty Julian back from England, Amorica, and tho Contiuong, sftys hu onjoyod hiiu solf, nud looko no if he had done so Tho old goutloman now wears a thoroughly Yaukuo- lookinjjohapoau.and snya ' I guo:is nud calculate ' with a nasul twang, juot as miturally us if ho had novor done anything olao all his lifo. Ploying with Iieyton CO. ho got n lot of runs in England. Did you aoo that stroke Tom Giirrott made off tho second ball sout down by Al'liuth ? AVaan't it bright, brisk, and beautiful ! Tho 107(1 uolt should bo sure of his plaou iu the eleven whil.it able to nuvko that mouth-watering, buzzing, cannon-shot; (lquuro drivo. I would rocommond it to tho youthful colta who iiaw it as worthy of repetition by thorn. Tho waddy used by tlio skipper of tho Cornstalks miiAb bo a pretty good one. Did ymt notice how the ball wont off it whon ho Uro»o Waddy to tho fence ? Wo woro BitLJiifT, rimokiiig and ohntting, in tho torrftoo utand, whilst Tom Garrott and 'Baby' AValtora were coming out to tho wickoto. 'Some flno coltn playing in this match,' rauiarkpd a gontloioau at tho back. ' You're right.' ' That Garrott'a n groat colt,' said ho at the buck. ' Gnrrolt, a colt !' 'Yoh; why bo's improving with tho bat ovory day.' As Tom Moomn to bo improving with tho willow oaoh year I think wo might imfely clans him ub a cult. Ho wan a bowling colt 20 years ago, now ho is a batting colt. Good old Tom. Porcio Charltou did nomo fairly good bowling against Wavorloy on Saturday at .Kushuuttorn Hay. JJiill miulu C7. Tho marriod mc-n oftlioGlobo whoppod tho iiingloon Mond;iy at Weutworth Park by 0 num. Tom CoburoFt was (;hu biggest; ocorer for tho bonloit baoholors, and 'IWdy AVilliamson (Coniiighuiii'ii predecessor in Glubd-road) Dent down harnileos looking lobs, which, howovor, carriwd dontruction into tho timbers of tho married mon.' Ouo bixtsnian, niiinod John Lord, waa . fairly nz-giggled by a lob. Tho Lobster, by tho way, wouldn't bo a bad substitute ns a bowlor in tho Globo olovon for Tom M'Kibblu until Mac roturna. It ia naid that tho match South Sydnoy v University will bo playod at tho Sydnoy Crlckot Ground to-day. Tho AimoaiaMoii ban not boon aakod to give its nanotiou to nuch a change Tho daton Novoinbor 11 and 21 woro given to tho truatoos for cyoliujf a foir snontho ago whonthe progratn'mo wi-o boing draftotlj but tlioy nro not now required for thnfc purpouo. HimI Uio Awoclation boon pfllolally uotifiod of this ftvofc it ia wot improbable Nbt&U; Skteby woiaM itisi+o boon oftorod tho g-cioma(l'*for: thoir raatelt with Paddington. Evflk Gy&ney; havo ««Jar yet played on tha Q^Shctj Groaivl. C'QJupoti- / tiou Kulo 20 o.\ya : — Tho AobocIaIIoh, cr Wio eakooiaaiilloo thoroof, mn?, If nooo.'iBiirr, alter tlis pro-jriuwno in rcoiioot of ilntoa or itrounJj ou wlivihariy of tho lnatclioa uhull bo plnyoil. Ergo, tho clubs havo nopowor to mako fcho alteration without tho Association's sanc tion. Tho Australians havon't struck anything liko brilliant batting form in Now Zealand yot. Jim Kolly has tho best averago so far, viz., 53. Iloldship,- who bowled tho Australians out lit Wellington on Thursday, is a brothor to tlio East Sydaqy aad I. Zingari Hold sliip, and u vory good cricketer. In t!ia match bct\70«xn M.C.C. aad East Melbourne tho votornn bowler of a contury, Frank Allan, stood umpiro until lunch timo, ono of tho appointed umpires not boinj; ablu to got down to tho ground in tho morning. Jack Blnckham (tolls 'Felix') romarkod that it was tho first timo for eighteen years ho, Allan, and lloran Bat togothor at a crickot luncheon. Jaulc rorivod a story of tho 1H78 trip, wlicn tho toiun Iiad to divido and go to two hotels in a Yorkshires town. Ouo conlingonfc furod suiuptuoualy, tlio othor contingent badly, getting noxt to nothing to ent. Billy riurdoch wnn invited to dinner by ono of tiio BumpLnous f/iroro, who took pity on his captain. And wUnt do you think Hilly did? Ho muagfjlod a roust duck, tool: it to tho thoatro with Win, took it nftorwnrdu to liis lodgings, nnd ho and Jack Bluckhiun bad it for mippur— by far tliu bent fowl they had during thoir stay at Toilgora', as Jack lJluckham called their hotel. A groat eulogy of Mulliourno lincho'a bowling, by Tommy Folix: — ' Hyperion to n Satyr. I do not intend any miT.yr on tho Jolimout batsuKMi. F.vr from ifc. I know tho chances of tho gnino too woll, Uut let mo nak iu all fairness, ' Whon you bavn n, livsfc-claaa wicket, and nblo batisraou fit and woll on tho day, ! as tho turfmen say, and these Uatitmcn ' fail onoaftoriiiiothor liowlod niici: and crop, to whom alioulxl credit Iio giv-jn ?' To tho bowlers, of coui'ko. Thorefori'it ic tlmt I ac2ord my wanuo.it praise to Itocho. Hia , bowling wjit fnir nod. n.w«y tlio bnat I've soon thiB eoaaoji ; nay. I'll go further, and cay that his bowling in worthy to bo ; bracketed with tho boat efforts oF Spoff, ; Frank Allan', Tod Kviuifi, and Tom Kendall ; in tlioif pivliuy duy«. Tako iny word for ? it, it'o ji gnaiA ball that will -!lojvu bowl ] Hurry Stuckey whon nut iu hici present [ ' form, and clean bowhtd ho was nock and crop. Peto M'Aliater, a beautiful bats : man, biith of tl)« beautiful breakback that 1 bowiod him, ? Would bo*t rno any time;' and it fiftomod to iuo a Tory (-oo-l hall that bowiod Frank Laver, though I think ho ? mado an orror of judgment in playing for ward iuatoad of buck at it. B-ufc it ia human to mnko errors of juilguionfc. AVluit struck mo was that tlio wickot during tho Eiint Melbourne innings was much faster thau in the firtt atngo of tho gamo, and I par ticularly noticed tiiafc Kocho made groat j)iu:e from the pitch, and that ho got work on fts well.' ? ? ? Was tlio oxvlusion of Clarko from tho fiftduil livat Suturdiiy just or geueroui treatment to him? A proposal is to bi- brought forward nt tho Cricket Association meottnir ou Mutidny to the offset that arraiigomoutsbo made for tho viait of a uiotropolifcan tuuui to tho AVostorn District at Christiiuui. LaatBOftaon one visited Newcastle under tbo cricketing command of Charlie Jj£jchard-jon, whon Loo Abrams oratod oloijuontly. \- « * « Harry Donnan iiad hia 30th birthday on TliuriKjtiy i Wiili&vi; Gamplii.n wan 39 yea torduy, and ou Monday CharUo Turner, will, be ISL The lattor.ought to bo in hia prime m a enckoter. Good luck, and ulany happy rot urns of tho day to them. Frank AValfcors linn lind rubbishing bat ting luck bo tar. Ho has had only two innings on tho turf. In tho ilrot ho wan lotf-bofore-wickefc, and in tho second caught off his ohost. If he wins tho toss, tho third to-day might bo a century. Frank has a lot of ruua in him, anil whu'n thoy start to come will do no at a run. Young Punch, of Itivorviow, punched tho JNenvinyton bowling to t)iu tune of 12G runs out at Stanuioro last wenk. Tho Punohos nro fond of crickot. You will always aeo at loast ono of their faces ati tho Uricket Ground. Tho upland dowua of cricket : — AV. B. irairfni, at ])onn, !) Qouhl ... -)D W. li. Jj'uirfnx, o Youll, b Coniii|;buui 0 and AV. Jl. Fiir/juhur, 1) Triimpor ? C- AV. li. Fimjuhur, b Newell ? ' () _ Hurry Douiuui s.iys that Jim Kolly lma ' improved out of sight aB a koepor. If so, hi! must beoriui par with tho hitherto poor lotiii Julia Ultieklmm. Andy Nowoll is batting and floldiiiff ' I'plondidly, aa well na bowling Al. ? . , ? » AVith Coboroft capkiin of' tho Fiftoon thoy would havo dono ovon bettor work against the Elovon. Ho io na Icoon as a torrior, and lino plenty of judgment yob not too wuieb. Tnoro io ouch n thing in enckofc na too umoli judgmont. In quo' rospoct jji«l(jmonfc rosombloH irood aid In/jh, mul n littlo of ilia excellent ; a lot of it ib not. ? If 0 { Crlokol JJ»u n.U c»uo, lull idie, Cu Od. , 'fun T.mr HMM°tnnnn*U7°l To')a0i:o'l'tB awl Crlokotlug Si: f*I? ,1? 'I i itr0° ? A Rt^-o^i iwaortwoui ei 4H-iouit taoliBwal itp tinleiit from.* ? *^ni..t — — — — ™»___^^w,. ? 