What Their Lives Brought. * AN AUSTRALIAN TALE. Br LIONEL HAWKE. (All Rights lResrved.) CHAPTER IX,--(Contlinued.) The position of Julia, then, was that she had been wholly, or almost wholly cured of her infatuation for Arthur, never knowing by what means; that s·he was on the eve of becoming a morphia maniac; that she knew her situation and realised its danger, and would thus, possibly, be able to assist in her own cure. Whether, on the complete restoration of her nervous system, the infatuation would return, waq doubtful. It probably would, if the desire, real and ideal, for the com panionship of some other man, did not intervene. A few days after his 'introduction to Julia, Dr. Hayley and his old chum were seated together, in the house of the former. 'What about Miss Orme? Have you advised her?' Dr. Hayley asked. ' I have.' 'Any difficulty ?' 'Not the least. She gave me a full account of the whole thing, and I think it is a correct one.' 'Did she tell you how she came to start it ?' 'She said she started it in London some four years ago, for some unim portanut internal pain, and took it only four or five times a year, until a few 'months ago, when she regularly be gan injecting every evening, between nine and ten o'clock. Occasionally .she has had a ddse in the day time, but very seldom. The dose is one grain in thirty drops of water.' ' We can cure her,' said Dr. Hayley.' 'To get her over the periodicity will be the worst part of it. Can we trust her to follow our instructions, though ?' 'I am afraid that is somewhat doubtful. Yesterday when I repre sented to her the danger she was in, she said she wouldn't take her dose at all that evening. But she did take it, at least, at one o'clock in the morn ing. Poor thing!' She did not tell the doctor that she had for hours prayed for strength against it, on her knees, walking about the room, or throwing herself on her bed. Prayed, to be de livered from it in walking over, to get it from her desk; prayed, when she was filling the syringe; prayed, when she had injected it into her side; and prayed, when under its influence. 'Hum! It may be a troublesome case, after all,' said Dr. Hayley. ' I-I don't think so; if you don't mind my saying so, Hayley. Why not get her to promise to diminish the dose by just one drop a day; and, if she can do this, the cure is effected in 30 days or less, for she will probably give it up altogether about the 25th day. ' All right, old fellow. That will be' the better plan, I think. Will yeaou ask her to come over to-morrow morn ing at 10, and I'll preach damnation to her, and frighten her,' said Dr. Hayley, laughing. .'I don't want to call at the house, as if she were ill.' 'I think you could frighten any Sbody into compliance with your wishes, Hayley,' said the doctor, with admi ration. The next morning Julia saw Dr. Hayley, with whom she had a very long interview, much to the vexation of the waiting patients. And that evening Dr. Hayley was in very good humour while conversing with his old friend. S The latter asked, 'How-how did \ you get on with our friend this morn ing?' ' I've given her a thorough fright, my boy; and I'm afraid she does not Slike me a bit for it. But, never mind ! 1First of all, I read an account from one of my books of the horrors of morphia mania. Then I took up the religious aspect of the question, and proved to her that it was worse than drunkenness, and would inevitably involve the loss of her soul. I can reason a little, you remember, on assumed premises. It doesn't matter a dump whether they are true or false.' 'Yes. You used to be a fearful talker. I moan a fine speaker-a fine speaker, you know,' said his com panion in acquiescence. 'But I've given it all up long since. Isaw the danger I ran of becoming one of our three hundred a-year Aus tralian premiers, and losing all my practice. I think I deserve public thanks and private tears of gratitude for it,' said Dr. Hayley, with one of his healthy laughs. 'Well, I got ;her promise to take the one drop less every night and to call here. once a week or oftener if she wished, so as to report progress and be frightened again if necessary. There's nothing like frightening women into com pliance. Ghosts for their minds and beetles for their bodies. Outside love, ghosts and beetles are their rulers, and they will not comprehend any others till doomsday.' 'Did-did you find her very-very timid, Hayley?' asked the doctor doubtfully. 'She had too much sweetness and repose to be full of the usual roaring timidity,' was the laughing reply. 'But I think she can to a great ex tent appreciate the ghosts and beetles. And that is one of the reasons why she is so attractive. An unbeetly woman is an unprepossessing one.' Mr. Orme was going to Calooga with the others. The whole place, both homestead and run, were being repaired and put into thorough worlk ing order; and he intended to stay there for a few months to organise matters and make things run more smoothly, under the manager, Mr. Johns, who was now in his employment. Since his daughter Annie chose to live there he made her a liberal allowance; and exacted a promise from her to spend part of every year with him at Mote, or else in travelling. As to Julia, her wish to stay a month longer in Sydney was conceded, without any inquiry into her reason for wishing to remain. She told her sister Annie about it, though; but Myra did not know. Myra, poor little body, was almost broken-hearted at having to leave town, or rather Arthur. She gave both her mother and her aunt a good deal of trouble over the matter, as if they were the prime movers in it. One day she implored her aunt to use her influence in her favour. 'Tell grandfather you want me to be com pany for you, aunt dear,' she said in her coaxing way. This was in the morning, not long after breakfast; and Julia was high-strung this morn ing, for she was bravely going on with her cure. 'But I really don't want you, Myra. I am going to live at Killawarra House-this was a private boarding house, in the suburbs, where she and her father usually stayed, when in town. ' And several friends of mine are there just now, so I shall not be lonely.' 'Aunt, what are you remaining in town, at all, for ?' asked Myra, with a brow as black as night. The de sperately jealous little puss had got it into her head that it all meant some secret and sinister designs on her lover. 'That is iy affair, Myra. I simply choose to reimain; that is all.' And Julia walked out of the room, leaving her opponent full of envy, hate, and all uncharitableness towards her. On the evening before the journey to Calooga, Mr. Ormo was out when Arthur called to bid them all good bye. Another friend, a lady, happen ing in, on the same errand, he and Myra walked-or if such an un dignified predicate may be permitted -slunk, out to the summer house, in the garden, by the edge of the water. And, here their last skirmish, for the time being, was held. It immediately began by her sitting on his knee, under compulsion, of course; and was interrupted, at intervals, by her rubbing her nose against his cheek-also under compulsion when she was not engaged in receiv ing or giving a kiss, under compulsion too. He had already assured her, in his letters and at stolen interviews, that it would not be more than a month before he would again be on duty in the neighbo'durhood of Calooga, that is, anywhere within forty miles. ' So your aunt is not going to leave for a month,' he remarked. 'How did you know that?' Myra said, with an unconscious clutch at his hair, through which she was engaged in passing her fingers. 'I met her the other day, and she told me she was going to stay at Killawarra House for another month.' A vision of a young man, in a state of hypnotism, being led to the altar by a crafty woman arose before Myra's eyes. 'Of course you will never go near her when I am gone, Arthur dearest,' she said, appealingly. 'Why not, pigeon? I like her very much. Indeed I'm quite in love with her,' he said, wickedly. 'Don't be a foolish boy, now,' she said archly. But her voice trembled. 'How could you possibly be in love with a woman of her age?' Her own last two words suddenly gave her comfort. 'You jealous budjeree-gar,. or rather, you terrible little bull-dog lizard! did you ever let one of them fight you? They can't hurt, you know,' he said, not answering her question. ' Yes, often, when .I was a little girl. But I don't like to touch them now,' she said, with a shudder. 'That is because you are grown up, and only a woman,' he said, sooth ingly. 'Only a woman indeed ! What as surance ! I've a good mind to get off your lap, for your impudence!' 'Very well,' he said, pretending to put her on the ground. 'And I shall go straight in and bring out your aunt to take your place on my lap, as you express yourself.' 'Oh! you darling! What a comi cal idea! Let me rub ulhy nose again against your cheek for that,' and she immediately did so, and laughed. ' And I really believe she'd be re joiced, and pretend to blush. Fancy her impudence, to think of falling in love with any man!' ' You have twice the impudence in being in love, at your age, that she would have in being in love at hers,' he said, with assumed severity. 'It!s all your fault,' she whispered. 'It's all your cheek,' he said.' 'Then I'll put my cheek against yours; and it'll be both our cheeks,' she said suiting the action to the word. And, in this seemingly unsuitable position, she suddenly became ex tremely grave; and the vision of the hypnotised victim again arose within her mind. ' Suppose, Arthur-I was onily say ing "suppose," now-that you didn't know what you were doing, and that aunt took you off, one day, and mar ried you suddenly. Would you run away, hard, the moment you came to your senses ?' And she clutched his hair again in her eagerness for an answer. 'Oertainly not,' he said at once. 'Why not, my poor darling? I mean, the moment you came to your senses, you know.' She spoke as if she were a nurse attending on an in firm patient. ' Turn your face to the moonlight, and do as I order you; and then I'll answer you; perhaps.' She turned her face ~towards the moonlight, or rather hoe turnedit. 'Now, open your mouth, wide, and let me see your teeth,' he said in a commanding voice. She opened her mouth, and he looked at her beautiful teeth, bending down his head to look at the upper row. Then he passed his finger over the whole thirty-two of them, and re ceived a little kissing bite op it for his pains. ' Yes, he said, gloomily, 'I was afraid of it. They are growing more pointed every time I see them. They will soon be as sharp as a snake's, and about the same watery colour, if you don't get rid of that awful jealousy of yours.' 'Do you remember, dearest, the first time you made me show you my teeth and I wouldn't; and you pulled my mouth open, and nearly broke it ?' she asked, appealing for his sym pathy. (To b8s continued.) 