Ensilage without a Silo. Mr. 0. H. Lyon, of Balance, Ballon, Vic toria, in a pamphlet, points out to the makers of ensilage that they need not incur tho. exponso of making silos, nor need thoy uso artificial pressure. The perfection of ensilage can'bo mado in a Btack if artificial pressure bo avoided: This statement ia completely opposed to tho stereotyped thoory and practico ; nevertheless, I think I will provo to 'my readers that it is a correct ono. This paper is simply a' record of experiments I havo made, and their results. In Docombor, 18?1 and 1892, I made largo stacks of ensil age. Both of these 'months' wore wet ones. On the 4th of December last I commenced mowing, and measured tlio site of a stack 44ft, by 38ft. When tho ( stack 'was 22ft, high to the eavos, .16 men had boen employed for 15 working days of eight hours each. During tho time tho stack was being1 made 274 points of rain foil, or to put it moro luiuiuij] .ur'x' vujid ujl tribal?! luu u^/uu uayu uu, u of land I was working on. ' Had I attempted to make tho grass into hay I would not have had a ton of usable fodder. Mado into ensilngo, the samo grass yielded me nearly1 1000 tons of foed, tho groator part of tho hi ghost quality, and at a cost of £72, or about Is Gd per ton. No artificial pressure was usod in tho making of this stack. Whon finished it bocamo so hot that I was .afraid of spontauoous combus tion, and thoroforo put a few saplings on tho top. The effect of their prosHuro extonded only a few inches and I do not think thoy made much difforonoe. Two months after I cut the stack from top to bottom. Two fifths of thotopwassplendidonsilago. Rivorina wethors ate it greedily, not leaving a sorap. I look upon thiB f aot as tho highest tost of quality. This upper stratum was quito blaok, nnd so mgjuy. oaroomsea aB to orumuio in tlio lianas whon rubbod j its aroma was delicious. This upper two-fifths waB (-cookod' atatemporaturo of 160dog. to 180dog. When tho mon wore cutting it out it was vory hot, dripping with juice, and thoy wore onvolopod in vapour, moro or leBB, according to tlio weather. Tlio noxt or third fifth was oxoollont ensilage, but' not so good as the first ; it was brown in oolour, ' oookod' at a temperature of lCOdeg. to 160. deg. ; it was vory aromatic, but not so muoh so as tho. top i it had tho natural prossuro of tho upper two-fifths. Lower down tho on- ' Bilago was not so good, and tho lowest fifth of , the. stack', whioh variod in,oolonr from light ' brown to a vivid grcon, wns quito sour, tho odour offonsivo, and tlio sheep would not oat it. .' I note that on this part tho pressure was very great ; onsilago vory bad— Q.B.D. Per haps I ought to add that oattlo oat this sour stuff well, but I pin my faith to tho vordiot of tho Riv.orina sheep as to tho corapnmtivo qualities of tho difforont lots. I'havo hithorto mado tho staoks about 40ft. squaro, but for groator convenience in building I intond to roduco tho size to 30ft. squo-ro. Tho stack must bo built vory slowly, in order that tho proper formontation may bo reaohod. Whon tho staok is 8ft. or 10ft. high it ought to bo left for about a weak to givo tho formontation full play. Tho staok w,hen finishod had an avorago of about 18in, of grass on tho outside whioh has'' not ohuhgod into onsilago, but tho cattlo ato it well — porhaps this was owing to tho fact that I Bpriuklod a ' ton of salt on tho staok as it roso, Practically thoroforo thoro was no loss. ?„ ' Tho makors of onsilago aro often advisod to koop thoii' stnek hollow in tho coutro and high at tho sides, Why rovorso tho praotipo adopted by ovory intelligent stackbuilder^* namely, that ho should protoot it against tho , woathorP I had somo ' ensilage dostroyod by following, without' voflootion, this absurd advico, 'I havo' soon it statod' tliat a common thormomotor oan bo usod to indioato tho' tompbraturo. That, is not my oxporionoo. I usod a rogistoring thormoinotor and a common ono at tho samo timo, I found that tho lattor variod as muoh as 30dog, whilo being pulled up tlio tubo built into tho slack. ' 