GIIANNY'S CIIOST, It was in Milltown, this haunted housel of which I write, and, Hs is usual in such cases, the occupants wrro ill at case. It was annoyinIg, to say ilh least, to hleat that glostly rocking, rocling to and fro ill midnighlt hours, when the slightest sound nSsumed elnrtling prorortionns Sh4ire tltkinrs had hought theo place t a bargain-or so it scurmed ; but if he had known it was ibaltltesd Ih would not have taken it at ltoy price. Not that he was nervous or believed in ghuhls; butrL it waS "'detlceily uncomforl alsh," Ile ssid, to hn ronoed fronm slaluber half a rhllro titines in a night with the iormationn thots omnbody was rocking the big aurcnhair. t" Well, h t 'cu rock," ho growled. " I don't a tt tLo." " 'Ye; but Harvey, what is it i " " I don't know land don't care. Go to sleep, Ba rahl." Atl tlarah tried-- prhalps she cuccetlded; but when that myoledlous rae tklg begRan again the IMcno wts rept atu., until in drtperltiun the ettuiro would go to the largo alplt tint which allnwered for kitchel anld diningeroon.)lll, It was rcry comlfortable there. A big rocking.chair ocrcupled te raozy corner belteun the hearth and the pantry door, Upon a small stanltt wOer the oveniog ppyers and a lamp. Just o-pposlte roas .raek'slow chair, it whic she was. wout to rock andr knit. lBut whly the rocking aosldd contitnuo alter the occupantr of the rchalt were itn iod was a matter lthIst puatllod sail larmed her. Only lately had shto hlard the olund, but she was suso her eats did not t rceivu her. Thoe erilro itd tuot tell her upon isls return from the Irnvctigating tirurl which she forced hium to ,make that the big chair wsaaswaylng back atni forth Ias if recently tvact d. " some natural cause fort ll tbut I'll sie confoutrludl if I ers jarst what," he Inuttr'ed,l Ihenll Inbltlrhlll.nly drlared to Ili wile that ntuot a tithig was atirlitRg, nt Iven O llamllose, th1n11 aelo bIglotll to talk of ghrniI Ihe ridl. claterd tire sIt Jrfrt wwolldctirrl tI whlle wily the plRcn was e old san her nply. 'I'Tn b ure tlh biutle was sonlmr:all.t unlt f tripair lbut phait snti pltlI.r ltl rmanon ltt'lllrly tIrlt ltllo lr11tts ras guood osnl well l1rat:ti I If thelr sloid be such a thingl? a n rh t t1 i ngihminsled that toldl aIIcOUti., " thit, pIattuw I thillt are nt1O thoal?s," hes mt e lrly e'stiin'ld i estl he die. ItIall't Ill smtter ( lf til I llil nlltd dptt tihe atlsps or tihe just, Not so Ipoor trnlls. Whlen ttlip irti had atrlna rpocer sirl ih r mlltl sihe crIhl not gtir rid ,.fit. bitt tegan to who r nirns a isrt trihsri tie h?ighbulI s utsto rllltsh ntll, 1 I rcreetr l fllunar 1l is luhtily Mt11ts I lsrferarld tirs ghir, lsi r shald l btr a lruwevr t lli rsrrrsl mthihtrlih A eea ant girl Andl his hultlus o) I tlthrlr etmpilted Ito , e Whrt lte d s fll rsoldl ount suaid moved away, T'ihe trll, drt ti' t tIs th ur laitl withulh. out thu old lfaly hsle tdwlys ut I fll Int forulrr aptd rtUckd, I rail just shul ly UvarI aOnB o te lrr now." T'hus the rvolohl neighbour chatted on, un. mindful of tIe hurrible certsninty that took pos. emssion of Mtrs. Elkins., " I just know it, Iarve'y. " The' house is actually Iuntedl " she said to her lshoband that night, iu n terrillid bhisper. " It's nold Gracnny Ilarris' a ghot rcking ill your big chair. What. ver shall we do I" i' D)o nothing," snappcd the Squire, to whom the subject had beceme an cexasperating one. " The'l'l old womn is wlcomer to reek nill night, just so she don't dispute my claim to the choir before bedtime." "Oh, Iarvey, how can you talk so ? I would not sit in thai chair for the world." " The old womne, Htarvey I Sho's rocking I I can L stand It." " Confoud tlhe old womaln--ond you, too ! I I ever heard of a more pIaclable IgheI,t. VbWhat wouldylco do with one that walderet aroiund in a windinog sheot, with fiLry eylea nod sulphurous breath ? " Poor Srall cowered beneath tile bedclothes while er hursband resumed his snoriug-n soulnd lllch more formidable than the mysterious rocking. S-quire Elkins was not a cruel m1an,1 blt bh knew little about nervee, and haid lot tIhe lest sympathy for his tiind wife. Nothing but bodily dlnger culld alarl him. " liarny, cau't lI std fur Cynthia P I'm really ill" aid ulrah one morning iaftter a night of allost incessant rocking. "iVhy, of course, if you want to ; hut not i a word ba?ot g:hosts to her." Cyntilia was hLer maidrn l sister, wo lived with their brother Juelt, inl Newton. Shl came at 'ne Well, Snarh,you do look badl, for a fact," was t!ln sympathetic apiustel's gcreting. '" iut I'llttithk yo tip a bit. I brought soln l nllisasTran and caonemile nndt Indly's alippec with me." 'riTe day pssted tleasanltly enough, and i at nlin o'clock all was as quriit a lns iIl. C(ynthiA sil-lit jbt across the hall frome her brother andr his wife. 'Thru was only a partition between tihe ledrooot l and trhe kitchen, tholgh both doors opnced Into the hall. "Sorah," called Cynthia, an hottr later, "are you ill?" " No," was the muffled reslponso from the covert of the bodclothes. " Is Iarvey ?" " N'," nogain, " What's he sitting uil for I" "t ain't him, Cynthia." " Well, who is it I" "I doln't know." " I)ott know ? Well, I'm going to know I' The bedroom door opeined and ai elrerdettio step was heard in the hall. " Don't don'l, Cynthia ! istoen to nm I! canme ill terrified acconts froul the opposite room. Cynthin njoened the door as Sarah whispered fainlty " It's-it's a ghost, Cynthia; but don't let Harvey know 1 told." " Ilarry, Ilarvey !" cricd Cnthia. " (Oet up and are who's ill thit rocking'chair." " Lord ptserve its ! 'What'll I do with two of C'e ?" groaned the ploor squire, as Cyntlia retreated to beht l d atuffo.l tie clothes in htier cars to shut out the mysterious rocking that coame and ceased, cand came and ceased, and came agidn, all night long. In the morning alp o heard the story, and understood that no heth, ihowever ptlnt, would "chirk up " her sister-in law. Anotther uigtlt,a repetition of the tirat, tCyuthia returned to .ohr' s house, tuking B?rah with her. Squire tlkilis olt greatly'relieved at first; but when a w ick had pasale he in,gan to lon for company, and hailed with pleasure the night's sojourl of a pasesig p ddl.r, To his annoyance the transient guest inquired inl tithe noernlug the lurniling of the rocking hie had heard. Thbc squire rttplaioned and thie news that the Iarets bntio was haunted itlew on willing wings. Then the reC l te rouble began. lie wan deluged with inquiries and confronted by the most sesenless and bloodcurdling talrs ilnsotill able. Ile denied anid exaggerated by turn., and the hall kept rolling. The house war avoided as if a pestilence lurked thlre ; team-i stats whtipped up their horses aund brried by. Solno even viewed the Squire oPkancc. until in his righteous indigdritin hie gruew o ile cc that it was sunid hr was going crazy, and that (ill additiou to the gbhost) was ahy his n if had left him. A few veii lUtI:isnoe spirits essayed an, invreti gatiun, but each oine heard the rumyoSteriou aeulnds, anlld wnllt away to add fresh ifui to the ornalo. UnL' even arssrtred that he that seeru seallw.v form, int rap and spectacles, swarr ilng to and fro within the chair, and beard a siann. itng as of sLuIIone ill distroies. And nobody quelstiousl the truth of tie statlcenlt, thought not a singlen hbearer would have helieved the alan ni ntill iln a uinras tannoscion. The Squirn grew sick of the " inferlal non rense," Os he terned it, before two weeks had posited, and wrote to his wife to return houume. When shlle did not coee tin went over to Ne'ionwl to urusee O ut it. Ile gave a IhI l history of hiw Ilis mt ighbourn-" tlhe confounded idints!"- were talkilg, nud bid Sarah "park hor duds and geo horne tio iut their loutlhs." "Ohl, ihovcy, cll the pilne-giveo it away anylhing butL Ike me back e b re ?" ipleaotlm Sanrsr, nrtd Cynthina econdedt her entreaty. Squire Itlkinll stormed nlld tlure, and swore he oaael never do it for any ghost, nor the feolih twhimi oI a woman, "Ders the chair really rock, Uncle Ioarvey?" asked hiis neice, Kitty itlkinu, when she fauuud Ile esqlire aloce. "It doea for s fact, Kitty." "llut whlat makes it go?" "(llnolny allaris, I rekor-ll- don't ienow whlnt ere. ''lThay l Sy always sa t in that corller; it's a very comfortabl ole ; I dion't wonodrr sLo llkes to coml thark; rond I'm sulre no one ought to complain if I don't. 'Wo luverr occupy the chair at the souno time." "Bult she's dead, Uncle Harvey ; Jou surrly don't believ in gehoal P?" Sflout kilo, Kit., 'Tlhrro's something mighty q'ner aioltrt it. llut I never heard of a sersiblrr ghost. As long as she don't take to wandering aroundt, i've not a word to aey. Shll rall nhave y chair whenvller I do't want it, I lol't see how folks can he r clnlsh." "!'ii tnll yet what wo'ltdo, Unceo Ilarvooy. If Not liaker wli gto iaiong--lnd I know shu cill, shea's always .l for lly fun-we'lIt go wltll you nal icy Ihat ghoslt, so Aumt iLurh cacn retuln to her borre againt," 'To ne htet hitt Ivo erry, n /schiterollO giric wer dtomleied in liih IlsIl bedroon. "llow'stho hllustlP iauked thiourqliro in the Ieorllgll. "I eutirely forgot that 'Urnety' lonesc't iutrmiuuco tI'rclf when hio ionulre, anu wm went to slrrl and icever wIiro ul tll ibroarl dnyligllt," Ditctlrd Klilty, "Waltl sny nwakue to night, thicly liarvey." o Ithce next llght tlcry turned Ihler ligth drwi anudr tut ortourle h kp b wkr o w LLh til thu ltoltlt airllll nlakc her Irrslnlllcu kllown, 'h.'cy hid lint ullg tit crlilt, 'tlrirttlg up tIh Ilight thiry tuastened ti thu klltch., Yes, Ihn ch lr acro rerkibiR, hit tIotltlltg firthor rOeIr ttLJy dlcvirr, it coo raIcant, fur Kitty ac ti it, to a4ikcl irleurlster doubly urle. 'Thry wlthdrrwc I?uall lln Ihl ht this ime. VIWhen lih rockiilg weats tl"I. nsted tIhy hal h.I Uls liro fIeC enU wIhh thilu Salu I tl( cs tibernore, it dirl louk trlrr r * thi,,t el,?lYtIn chir, propeoited ty Ilnsieill frces' i in1 tItlldtr rI Itb ghIrr ca saltrutrlltlurtl II llh " inr thilig wo'rn lertoltrni hit Kit, 'L ti glietit Ic't draih iif a ligitt, W'IrI ntly, toh, fii Ihrcy hrttlgllt q11Ilt sial illowa, mil rhIuIlc d.ilt hi eIuml.UsIDlow ic acirih. AIi wiU IlrluIt, aili Ktllty cri tart lunlii ueurlroeulsriiro C InUe hl allhtIt I oiUlc!erd herr, tIullr' C1oII nIii Irn1 dIII ItaIlouliely l, thu l rttig'tltairh,. Nullhntit tltUtltl enlnl CiIIp uIl I jllt ll ylt lrolitt n tllghtI ltei''tillll?i t ight litr I t er ili . c hn tll rltulltd Not's arm and seai in sup;pleead luerllmc le "UGranny. must hbe coing. lce those two little b!eck eyen just beywodl lthe chair?" In an inlant tihe oyas were followed by tiiy brown head. Thiee ain agille mouse spranlg from I hole In the plinstrelel wall to thle baick 1o tlechoir. Down it ranl to lthe urir, jumpedl from ither to the standt, Iland vry indelstriously bIlgan tearing pieits firomn nw Iwlololer. ?Ihenti it had all it :ould carry it hier|d away homlie hy its previeos route. The girls had obeen so interescted in tie little erretaetu 's imovemelts that the truth neve dwnd l n thsndrim uolil it hedr jiumpes from the swayting rocking chllir and dissppeared ilto its hula. " tranny, as I live!" exeltimsod Kit. '"hurtah! Uncle htarvey! Utcle It arvey! we've spottedl the ghost!" Ael then they lauttlthe long and loud until thle squire alppeared. The chair was still roeklstg from the impetus thi tiny nlouse Ihld given it, alid the mystery was explained. " 1 thoIughtl the old lady lhad been maliing 'kind of free with my patlets lately); but I ht.eot' to mention it, not i i?rngllili to scan sellleit," was the lquire's only cosmment. Aunt earah came hormaller the walls lead been reptslCtere, iand Utnele itvey Ilave ech of tlhe girls anl cleiiat guie rinsg for services Atnld so?Ult you hllieve ic? Altelr tel thing camue lit, not soutl couldt be [rIounl who IUer belioevedl there wis ilany ghost-lot eveni Mrs. hikins hetrself. 'htlit tIng is still u among: Kit'a chelicst treas?rso?, nt siher is often persulldled to exhiblit' it In her ChhilIire 's guests-of whichi I chanclIed! to Ibe one-while she rclates hot he' lt h larris - ghost was laid. 