OPENING- OF PABLIAMENT- WHAT is . mendaciously termed the " Governor's " Speech was read yestcr day before the member* of both branches of the Legislature, and is certain' the most important and most ambiguous document of its kind which has ever been presented to the Western Australian Parliament. As is just a;id proper, the first clause r of the utterance deals with the great national question of Federation, and we are assured* that a Bill to provide for the election of delegates from this colony to the Federal Convention, is to be intrcduced during the present session. "What form this Bill- is to take is not stated; but : if it should be determined by the Govern ment to make the delegates representative of the mass of the people, as. in New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, it will have the cordial support of the great majority of the electors; but should there te any attempt to " limit the choice of representatives, and to confer the power of election u^on Parliament, as is being done in Queensland, the proposal should meet with bitter and unflagging opposition. As the Premier is very fond of taking the " Boodlewraith" Government as his exemplar, it is only too probable that the latter course will be adopted,' and an effort made to secure the return of representatives of the present majority in Parliament, instead of those of the great bulk of the populace who know not the Forrestian Joseph, and what is more, do not want to know iim. This is followed by the question of representation of the goldfields, and here again we are left in the dark as to whether merely increased representation is to be vouchsafed to these fields, or a general re- distribntion scheme adopted, nor is the basis upon which representation is to be granted indicated in any way. ; The Premier's pet water scheme comes next on the list, and we are told that three years will be sufficient to complete the work. Herein lies the fatal objection— that by the time the water reaches us, will no longer be wanted, as most of oar mines will have struck an ample supply. In any case it is quite impossible to suspend crushing until the Government scheme is completed ; and if Coolgardie is not paying dividends on most of its mines befere the , end of the next three years, it may as well give up the ghost at once. There is not- in our opinion, the slightest chance of the scheme being carried through the House?, despite the immense power wielded by Sir John Forrest; and it would really seem as if he were riding for a fall ou this particular point so as to have au election on the old basis:aud thus secure a new lease of power. The news that the Bills for the new railways from Coolgardie to Menzies and Kalgoorlie to Kanowna are to be forthwith proceeded with iswelc >me and gratifying, and our only hope is either that the present profit-contract system will be abolished, or at the least very considerably modified. The Cue to Nannine railway is also au important project, and should result in the opening and development of a vast and hitherto much neglected auriferous region. The expressions put into the. mouth of the Governer in respect" to the progreab-cf tfie-gtildfields are of a pleasing character,-and afitoni au indication that the vast strides we are making are at least partially appreciated by our pastors and masters down in the land of promises and pumpkins. The remainder of' the Speech is - largely devoted to reviewing the advances made since last session, and; as the facts are familiar to everyone, and have been commented upon at various times, there no necessity to supplement these comments now. The whole tone of the Speech, so far as political reform is concerned, is of a yague and shadowy character, and leaves much to the imagi nation. The Government, while laying down certain lines of policy, have been suspiciously carefal net : to ctmmit themselves to detail, and we shall need to watch with the utmost vigilance every bill introduced into the House as part of the Premier's new-fottnd policy of reform. The speech is one which can be^ taken by the optimist as offering good tidings of great joy, while the pessimist can regard it simply as intended to be faithful to the ear, while deceptive to the senses. The Oaks of Dodona never gave-promises or predictions of a more amorphous and mys tenons character than this programme of legislation. Ambiguity, obs "urity, and convertibility are the lej characteristics of the speech, and the terms used concerning the proposed changes are so dubious thet, let what will happen, the • event can ; always be accommodated to the verbiage. From this deal of skimble-skamble stuff the reader of the speech can take what meaning he choses. The worshipper at the thrine of the new Pan-can hear in the whisperings of the trees that Ms-god is a political saviour of men and a re former of political morality, while the cynical unbeliever, who, like Shemei. stands afar o£E and curses, can interpret the oracular platitudes uttered through His Excellency as meaning only that for about the tenth time the Forrest party is engaged in the congenial task of befooling the country. In the whole Speech there is nothing in the nature of a definite guarantee of suitable and just reform; but only a series of promises of amendment according to Westraliau ideas, which are almost as foreign our own of what is required as are the notions of the Boers to the Ui'landers ljet us not, therefore; be imduly exultant, nor abate one jot or tittle of our custo mary vigilance. 