literary 9lote6, Angus and Robertson, of Sydney, send us tho prospectus of a publication forthcoming; — ' Ail Emigrant's Home Letters by Henry Parkes, with Preface and Notes by Annie T. Parkes.' The publishers say in a note that this volnme ?will contain the letters of Henry Parkes dnring tho periods immediately preceding and suc ceeding his emigration to Australia (183S-43). They record his struggles for bread in London, his voyage in an emigrant ship, and tho hard experiences of his first two or throo years in New South Wales. Edmund Curtis, tho ' boy poet' discovered by tho editor of London in an india-rubber factory at Silverton, -whoso abilities -would . appear to have created something liko a sen sation, has, thanks to the liberal-minded gen tleman, been taken from tbe factory for threo years' education. Hero is a specimen of his verse describing the contrast between the morning and evening chime of the factory bell : — ' ' And all in a moment the streets are alive, As the toilers pour out, like bees from a hive. Tha streets are awake with tho tramp and the noise 0£ the workers — the men, the women, the boys. Onward they pour to the factory sates, Behind which the meagre-paid labour awaits — The labour that stifles the mind and the soul ; And, jnBt »B they reach them, there sounds the last toil— . Of the factory bell, the morning bell. Harsh are the notes of its tuneless knell, Calling them back from the dreamland fair — Callinj; them back to the world o( care — The loud-clanging factory boll. Bat when the great engino is labouring slow, And the last feiv sunbeams with gold are aglow : TVhen tho heart is' content and the brows become dry, And evening ia drawing bet veil o'er the sky. And work is nil over, tho tools laid away All bright for the use of the soon-noming day. Hark ! All of a sudden, » ruah and a bound, For sweet to the ear comes the now- welcome sound — OE the factory bell — but the evening hell: Welcome its tones in the evening swell ; Calling them back to the fireside bright, And a pleasant meal in the grey twilight — . The wolcoine-factory bell.' . The lady novelist nsually inclines' to the sen snons. Mrs. Hodgson Burnett, author of Little Lord Fauntleroy, has -written an eighteenth century story under tho title of A Lady of Quality. The heroino is introduced at six, swearing at her father when ho threatens to whip her. ' Damn thoo ! damn theo !' sho roared aud screamed, flogging him. ' I'll tear thy eyes out! I'll cut thv liver from thee ! Damn thy soul to hell !' The father at once loves and admires his littlo daughter. . Ho dresses hor. in boy's clothes, and sho spends nino happy years riding astrido the wildest horses, or bandying lewd jests with grodms, kennel-boys, and her father's ' boon ' com panions.' Sho reads no books, moots no civiliscd companions ; but on hor fifteenth birthday she suddenly decides to bo a lady. Hor father gives a dinnor-party on tho occa sion, and when tho cloth is removed .she sta.nds on her chair, breeched and smiling. ' Look your last on my fine shapo,' she po claimod.iu hor high, rich voice. 'Tou will see but littlo of the lower part of it whon it is hidden in farthingales and potticoats. Look your last before I go to don my fine lady's furbolows.' Sho roturns on the stroke of midnight, clad in sumptuous feminino ap -r.rn.nl. « ' -i t 1 -, rll'i unu iu.vjcauj ui. ul-1- uyo ana np ana . brow mado up a mien so dazzling that every . man sprang to his foot beholding hor.' Prom this sho dovolops into the conventional heroine of tho-ladies's novel, a woman whoso physical charms provoko rivalry among the mon and subdue the haughtiest. She marries twice. In ' Somo Episodes of a Long Lifo,' in tho June number of Blachvood, Miss P. M. P. Skene relatcB the circumstances in which sho was told that Sir Walter Scott, whoso death was ono of the greatest griefs of her fathor's lifo, ?waa, thirty years after his docoaso, at Prowen hall, Oxford, whore Mr. Skono, then in his ^ ninetieth year, was residont. ' I had left my fathor alono,' writos Miss Skono, ' for a few minutos, sitting besido tho fire in his own room. Whon I went back' to him, not having been moro than a quarter of an hour absent, I found liim with a look of radiant happiness upon his fine old face. ' Oh, como quick,' ho exclaimed ; ' I want to toll you of such a 'delightful sur prise I havo just had. Scott has been here ! Dear Scott ! Ho told me ? ho had como from a great distance to pay mo a visit, and ho had been sitting hero with mo, talking of all our happy days toget her.' Ho said that it was long since we had met ; but he is not in the least changed. His face was just as cheerful and pleasant as it .used to bo. I have so enjoyed being with him.' Every spookist will believe that Mr. Skene saw tho real ghost of Sir W alter Scott, and not the picture created by his own fancy. Moritz Busch, in his Life of Prince Bismarck , relates how Humboldt, the naturalist and traveller, was once made angry whon at tho Prussian Court, becauso ho was not permitted to lead the conversation at dinner. Somebody said so many interesting tilings that everybody began to listen. Humboldt was boiido himself. Growling, ho- filled his plato with a pile of goose's-liver pio, fat eels, lobster-tails, and othor indigestiblo substanccs — a real mountain. Whon lie could positively oat no more, ho could no longer keop quiet, and so he mado an attempt to get the con versation into his own hands. ' Up the peak of Popocatapotl — 'he bogan. But it was of no nse. The narrator would not bo cut short in his story. ' Upon the peak of Popocatapotl, seven thousand yards above — ' he resumed, after coughing violently to attract attention. Again ho failed to obtain a hearing, and tho narrator calmly went on. ' Upon the poak of Popocatapotl, sevon thou sand yards above tho level of tho Pacific Ocean — ' ho exclaimed in a loud, agitated voico, shaken by grief indignation. But to no pnr poso. Tho othor man talked on steadily, and tho company listened to him, and him only, j Humboldt plunged into a meditation on tho ingratitude of courtiers. Among the books wo have recently roviewed in our daily issue and recommend to readers are Dr. Congaltm's Legacy (Mothnen), a book on tho lines of Crockett's ' Scottish tales ; Among the Frealcs (Longmans), a most amusing description whether authentic or not of inmates of American Dime Museums ; Mevieics and Critical Fssays (Methuon), by tho lato Charles H. Pearson, once Minister of Education in Victoria ; Tartarin on tho Alps, a sequel to Daudet's Tartarin of Tarascon ; La Grand Breteche, Balzac, A Bride Elect, a weird tale of hypnotism and mania ; and Desperate Remedies, Hardy's first novo!. All theso last aro put forth by Macmillan and Co., Ltd. A touching story about a barrister who got but one brief during his lifo is told by Mr. Lucy in the Strand Magazine on the authority of a Q.C. ' A letter reached tho Q.C., in tho handwriting of an old college friend, tell ing a pitiful story. The writer had been called to tho Bar, hoping some day to land on the judicial bench, even if he did not reach tho woolsack. He had no influence and very littlo money. No business came his way. But ho held on through long years,, patiently hoping that some day his chance would come. Now he was sick, probably unto death, and had no money to buy food or medicine. A romittanco was promptly sent and gratefully acknowledged. At tho end of a fortnight it occurred to tho Q.C., to call. The |ladylikc woman who opened tlio door, i bursting into a passion of tears, told him he was too late. Her husband had died that | morning. ' Tho two walked upstairs to a small front room. On the bed lay tho body of a man of about forty years of age, fully dressed in wig and gown. In his right hand he hold a bundle of foolscap. ' What is that?' the 'old friend whispered. 'That,' said the widow, ' is tho only brief he received in the course' of nineteen years' waiting. Ho asked me to dress him thus, and put it in his hand when he' was dead.'' ^*Mr Blow in the ' Coaching Experiences' ho supplies Baily's Magazine, says that tho coaches sometimes carried strange passengers A Herefordshire solicitor, who tells the story formed one of a party, of six who occupied tho inside of a night coach to London, one of the corners being occupied by a man appar ently asleep, with his hands folded before him and his hat drawn well down over his face. Although the other five passengers maintained an animated conservation, the occupant of tho corner moved not, and' so they travelled all .night. When tho coach stopped for breakfast in the morning ono of tho party invited the silent man to join them : but, no reply being given, ho was left to his own devices, and after breakfast, while tho coach man was swallowing his second go of brandy tho solicitor remarked to him — 'You havo put us along with a precious sulky fellow, who will not answer when spoken to.' 'I should wondor if ho did,' was the -Jehu's reply, ' as he was hanged two days ago for horse stealing, and is now going up to a surgeon in London.' 