PARLIAMENT. (From the Mercury.) In the House of Assembly on Tuesday feeling reference was made to the death of the late Clerk (Mr H. P. Maning), and a welcome extended to Mr J. K. Reid, his successor. A bill to amend the Constitution Act was introduced as bill pro forma. A committee was appointed to draw up an Address- in-Reply to the Governor's speech, to report next day. Wednesday. Notice was given by Ministers of several bills mentioned in the Governor's speech. Mr Dobson raised a point of privilege in regard to the Premier's assertions that he had on a former occasion compared the Anchor mine to the Mount Huxley swindle. The Premier repeated his belief that Mr Dobson did make the comparison in ques- tion, and promised to satisfy Mr Dobson privately as to the reasons he had for be- lieving himself accurate. Captain Miles brought up the Address- in-reply to the Governor's speech, and moved its adoption. A lengthy debate en- sued, and the motion was agreed to The usual sessional orders were made, the House to meet at 4 instead of 3 p.m. Thursday. The Premier told Dr. Crowther that the " ghost " was a matter for the Hobart Territorial Police Force, and Mr J. G. Davies, as an alderman of the city, said the Corporation were already dealing with it. The Premier also made a statement in reference to the resignation of the Agent- General, Sir Robert Herbert, and the as- sistance which Sir Andrew Clarke was willing to give in carrying out the duties of the office. A petition was presented from Campbell Town praying for more equitable franchise for the municipalities The Speaker announced the presentation of the Address- in-Reply to the Governor, and His Excellency's reply Supply was formally constituted, and a number of documents, including estimates and supplementary estimates for 1894, 5, 6, and 7, received by message from the Go- vernor, were referred to the committee. The Treasurer then delivered his Finan- cil Statement for the year, occupying nearly an hour and a half in his task, and being listened to with great attention throughout it, the interruptions being few and far be- tween. An item was then formally agreed to in Committee of Supply. Fourteen days' leave of absence was granted to the hon member for Westbury (Mr Reibey) on the ground of illness. A number of bills were then introduced, and advanced a stage formally, to enable them to be distributed to members. The House then adjourned till to-morrow evening. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday, Messrs Page, Piesse, and Gibson, re-elected during the recess to their respective seats, were re-sworn in the usual way. The Governor (Lord Gormanston) visited the Chamber and delivered the vice-regal speech. The Chief Secretary brought in, as bill pro forma, a Marriage Act Amendment Bill. Wednesday. The Address-in-Reply was moved by Dr Butler, seconded by Mr Page, and agreed to. Leave of absence was given to Messrs Grubb, Crosby, and Hart Mr Rooke carried a motion with respect to an improved means of conveying mes- sages between the two Houses. 