; A.CHE1STIASEL0PE ?*-? , *~ s~ . . ? 1 ,'Bythe^A.ntKor of ' SophieRapin's Revenge,' \ \Jt^m Child oi-the Mist,' efc, etc. ? . , ' '!»«S t 1, ? \ J: CHAPTEB_I1T.-Contiuued. lT- / t ? i ' SJE^ CLIITOBJD^SjCALCULATIONS. ^ ' And has that legend anything tto do 'with the story of the White 1 Iiady, -who is said to walk the ruined qjoisters on a certain night in every year ?' ? i 'Yes, that 'White Lady— I quote tradition 'now',' replied the 'baionet . smdlinq, pleased to find so interested 9\. fistenei-, ' is supposed to be the ? ghost 'of Aline, Lady Clyde, 'who xises from her gaave on the anni TersaTy of her -wedding and 'walks —so folks say — in the ruined cloisters, clad in her 'tfhite satin robes and her bridal veiL But now I think I hare told you ghostly ' stories enough to keep you awake ' jor a week to come, Esme,' added Sir Clifford. ' Tour eyes look posi tively as if they were starting out of your head. -We shall hare you walking in you sleep next, and the servants will be mistaking you for the ghostvof the Lady Aline. -M3ut now, to turn from the past hiBtory of Clydesdale to the^present, I -want to talk to you very seriously ? on a subjeot that-as yevy near- my heart5 He pausedf or a moment, lost in thought, stroking his long,, grey moustache with* his' iinely-shaped. hand. '? I hare made provision for you, my adopted daughter, in my will.' You -will be a rich woman, ' At the time of my misguided son's marriage I swore, that, what ever happened, I would not leave a penny to him or 4,0 his sons that I could possibly leave to anyone else. Clydesdale and its revenues, being entailed property, must go, together with the title, to my heir : but the whole of the large fortune my wife, who was an heiieas, brought to me in marriage as her dowry, all that 'I have bequeathed to you.1 Esme Pairfax. Still, resolute as I am to keep my vow, I confess it hurts nle me to think of so much money — .£80,006— going out of the Clyde family, as it would were you to v marry a stranger. So this iahow I propose to compromise the matter. 'You have always shown your 'self so docile, so loyal to the family of which ~you~are a distant coi ? nection, , that I feel sure I sh&H; have nobppositiou to expect from you. My grandson will shortly be here, and I shall explain to him and 'io'his mother my views and plans. You are a very beautiful and attractive girl, Esme. ,My grand son, Carleton Clyde, appears to be equally well favored as to looks. He is so young, it is hardly likely \- he will have formed any serious attachment, although, in these' ' affairs, Americans aie more preco cious than we are. ' My plan is, as I daresay you have already guessed, that you two should marry. An alliance between you — my adopted daughter and my grandson and heir — appears to me a most admirable arrangement. Your home would still ha at Clydes dale, and a marriage between you and Carleton Clyde would keep the fortune I have by will bequeathed to you in the family. You would he Lady, Clyde. of Clydesdale, and/' , added the elderly baronet with a stately inclination of his head, and .- a smile fhat' softened ? 'the haughty ?lines of his pride-hardened face, ^ no lovlier Lady Clyde has ever crossed this threshold, oj.\ looked down from the picture- flames in the. old gallery.' .?., ... :?... . ii. ' But, Sir Clifford,' began.-th6, ; young girl, as she rose from he1' ciiair by the fife, having '- fully: ? grasped the baronet's meaning, the ? significance of which left her almos* speechless with- dismay and stupe faction. - ' Bat, Sir Clifford !' she gasped', her ' face' pale to' the lips,1 ; her dark eyes .wildly dilated, as she leaned against the back of the chair? for support,: pressing JieiV-hand to her heart. . V . 'Ah, I see that my announce ment has startled you !' said' the baronet! ' Perhaps I '.have ? been: rather . premature, r-espeeially,-- as I had no cause to fear a. previous attachment on your..part, much less any foolish . entanglement. , There is, of' course^ no one* at Clydesdale , who could by any possiblity, be in a position to dream' pf aspiring to 'the hand of my adopted daughter. ? . -,''~ItiSeemed'.'vt-£ me ^advisable to acquaint you with the plans T have .formed -for--y our fu tare -while I had: the opportunity. Later on, when our visitors'1 arrive, it may be difficult tp secure a quiet teie-d- teie, child. You will have leisure to ; accustom yourself- to the possible; prospect .before my grandson and his mother reached Clydesdale. Think it over, and I am 'sure you will agree with me that this arrange ment of a marriage between you would be a most satisfactory one. ?Twill not- say 'let me know your decision, because I. am sure that your , sense j.of duty alone would make it impossile for yoir to oppose my wishes. ... ' There goes the dressing gong. ' Leave me now, my dear child, and 'remember this.' he added,. rising 'with his courtliest manner, and holding open the library ddor; for her to pass through, 'I have not only your highest interest, but also . your happiness at heart, Esme.' To be continued. 