JOTTINGS IN GIPPSLAND. ( JBt ' Bahbueb.') There is perhaps no place in Australia so varied in its soil, climate, vegetation and minerals, as that part of 'Victoria which forms the subject of this article. Each characteristic feature of a part has its antithesis in the part adjoining it. From the level swampy country which extends for miles around the Longwarry district, one can pass abruptly into the mountainous parts of Poowong, where the black, nninviting gorges, with their giaut gums, fern-clad gullies, musk, hazel and blackwood trees, form a pleasant contrast to tbe monotonous messmate and wild hops which find their stronghold in that well-nigh forsaken country, - and pass again from thence to Buln Buln, where theBallarat or Bendigo miner will quickly detect a similarity in tbe geological for mations, and the traveller may jouruey to the coast, encountering all these physi cal changes, each with its own peculiar obstacles to his progress. . These difficul ties are of three kinds, and may be found separately or in combination. Its hills and gorges, its densely timbered and scrub-covered plains and fiats, and lastly its swamps. There are*one or two.slight exceptions, however, in that part of Gippsland, ex tending from the foot of:-the Walhalla , mountains to the lakes', comprising about fifty square miles of river-flats, with here and there only a .felump jot trees. , Being ^lentitude of 'water «knd one of the most coveted. parts of ' Gipps land, or, for that matter^ of Victoria. It is here chiefly that the Queensland herds, are fattened, and one may see hundreds of steers and cattle of every- description browsing on these fine-plains up to their knees in cockspur and Sussex grasses. Down these flats roll the Thompson, Latrobe, and Mitchell rivers from their mountain sources. Fringed with wattle, which in the spring recalls Kendall's beautiful poetical metaphor, 'The yellow haired September,' they relieve the local monotony. In one of these river bends' one catches glimpses of scenery that would make rare subjects for the artists. Farmers seem to have made up their minds to make themselves as comfortable as they can, and to court nature to adorn and beautify their handiwork. Fine, homesteads dot the country ; each with its orchard and flower gardens, acacia, box-thorn, and white-thorn edges, while the fields, yellow with the dandelion flower, grasses, alternating with rich patches of white flowered clover, where sheep, cattle, and horses graze in peace and quiet, give it an air of .beauty, con tentment, and peace. The broken surrounding country heightens tbe peaceful appearance. The Walhalla wants the charm of distance to soften down his scowl; his look is rather fierce, but the Dividing Range, the Baw-Baws, and Croajingalong mountains and peaks, many of them white, rising up from the misty distance, makes a picture which, seen on a fiue sunny day, is romantically beautiful. To get an idea of the Gippsland coast line one needs to journey from Sale across country to Port Albert, and from tbence to the Western Port Bay. In such a journey one will meet a few good views. Most of the land is of a saudy nature covered with scrub fern, dog-weed and all manner of pernicious under growths. Many attempts have been made to open . up and settle hpon this country without success. As the coast line is extremely irregular with here and there small inlets, bays, and peninsulars densely fringed with a stubborn scrub, tbe general view -of the sea is shut out, and one may come' lipon the ocean waters without knowing it to be such. There is a sameness in all the - country from the sea inland for many mi'es. Those who have settled there have little reason to boast tbeir choice. Cleared of its scrub much of it never will be. In winter miles upon miles are converted -into im mense swamps, while in summer, owing to soakage and evaporation the earth is full of huge tremendous crackB, dangerous alike to man and beast. In spring comes a crop of sword-grass, prickly-mosses, dog-wood, and tussock so luxuriant and strong that nothing short of desperation or insanity could be behind the motive that sought to clear it. Much of it is being abandoned to the native bear and wallaby, although the commercial value of the furry hides of these animals makes these places the favourite resort of trap pers. Many a derelict homestead can be seen by tbe travellers passing through such parts : telling their grim story of wasted energy, of blighted hope and ruin. Tbe shingle-roofed cabin of rough hewn timber, with broken vacant windows, seems looking ont with a mad vacant stare into the wilderness that has sprung up where once was a garden, By the road-side too can often be seen the ruin of the bush shanty where broken bottles by the thousand tell of bacchan alian riot, revel, and sanguinary broil. In the language of a Bulletin poet Skeleton posts and Tatter, shows -where the shanty stood. And ghosts with unholy 1& lighter, troop from the neighbouring wood. No wonder that bushmen 'are beginning to people these parts with ghosts ; every thing is favourable to the old .'idea. Where immense distance separates human habit ation an occasional human society is as a cordial to the few dwellers in those parts ; the desolation and monotony, of the seeming endless scrub, shadowed by the charred messmates .whose black trunks and limbs tell; qf the Ares that raged through them in. the ' long-ago, when the hardy settler attempted to war with nature in her stronghold. . x nave uuupni in uia ay f)i inese places and carry away :a lively recollection of thuh ;ajid their ine viUble grim ^SBpcia-j Syme case u calculated 'to ^ive a- man the 4' blues,' lie having visited' them to prepare himBelf for his great task in , the railway case. To the novice the mght noises are weird and unbearable; the thump of tbe wallaby on parade, ? the roaring snort of the monkey bear, the mopoke's dismally-distinct and hollow lamentations of his own name, the choruses of hundreds of laughing jack asses ; all these filling in the pauses - of wind-as it ceases to whistle, .and hiss through the prickly oopse, or moan through the bare arms of the messmates dead. Add to this a dread of snakes* with which Gippsland literally swarms, and then say whether or not one's fears are well-grounded. Yet it is this side of Gippsland life that lias inspired many a racy article and poem. The rich poetic fancy of ' Banjo,' and ' The man from Snowy River,' show what a fund is pre sent to the poetic temperament in these sullen solitudes. It is not on the surface of sqcl) parts that men go now to seek a livelihood, but beneath it, in aQQordance with a gener ally received theory backed up by a good many facts, — that whenever the Gipps land surface refuses to reward labour applied to it, a trial beneath the surface would be amply rewarded. These parts are known to team with mineral wealth, and I confidently predict a great future for them, not coal and gold aloqe pan be foUnd, but tin, antimony, platinum, silver, and precious stones, with many other metals and mineral substanoes of -greater or less importance in the commercial world. Nothing short of gold can find a ready market in Gippsland ; it will take vears to work np and develop these resources. Like tbe great coal *beds of Kornmburra, Jumbunna, and Outtrim districts those mines of wealth remain to be unfolded, not by the capitalist who invariably comes in at the last when a bonanza bas been struck, but by the hardy miner who after years of disappointment, toil, and | sacrifice, is obh'ged nnder existing economic circumstances, to dispose of for a mere mess of pottage. r I have in my possession stones and- brilliants of all the i hues of the rainbow, gathered from the ; creeks and streamlets, during a mining j term in those parts of Gippsland. These | stones comprise sapphires, rubies, beryls, zircans, tortoise and nearly every species of precious brilli tut in all graduations of the seven primary colors, from a pale blue up to the. deepest indigo, or a faint pink to a flaming Bcarlet, or delicate yellow to a bright orange, or a soft green up to a beautiful emerald. There being no slane cutting machinery in Australia, we are told, the only market for them is Antwerp, where unhappily we find the gentle Jews most do congregate. They liave a high specific gravity, and can be ' panned off' in the same manner as with gold. It is a beautiful sight to see' them in the bottom of the dish after separating them from the mud and dirt while the suns rays are glinting from the tiny facets of these myriads of colored gems. Under capable direction and adminis tration these man -forsaken haunts of snake, wallaby, and bear, wonld develope into great mining fields that would eclipse Westralia or South Africa. . In my next I shall deal with the in terior of Gippsland. 