They Say. That Treasurer Fysh has certainly scored over his Loans Conversion proposals. That the Arqus even admits that the pro posal is "suggestive and therefore usefnl-" That this is probably meant as a oomplimant to Tasmania's bookkeeper—a left handed compliment that nobody will take seriously. That Argus comments are notoriously " sug ' gestive "—of a very stout old gentleman climbing up stairs on all fours. That Sir Financial Fysh's statement that the Government -will fight the House of Rich Landlords on the unimproved value question has caused much surprise. That it is to be hoped it is no mere .idle threat. That thousands of Tasmanians would be trilling, to raise a monument to the memory, of the Mintstry that absolutely refused io suffer Upper House emasculation of bills. That there is no reason to hope the \-- present Ministry mil get that monument. That no Australian Ministry with a titled . Premier ai^i Treasurer ever did anything really statesmanlike. That the present Tasmsnian Ministry has a splendid opportunity to prove the exception to the rnle. That the Hobart ghost is the wraith of broken political promises. That the Cabinet is seriously considering how they can best lay that ghost. That the .wise men of Hobart think the ghost is the result of a senseless joker. That, ell the same, it is significant that none of thom venture out alone after nightfall. That this paper wants to know why it shouldn't be a genuine ghost after alL That this view of the case is only discounted by the supposition thac no spirit would ever want to return to Hobart. That it may be the projected thought form of some aspiring politician, hovering about the seat of Government. • That psychologists assert that this is quite possible—providing the aspirant thinks with sufficient energy. That now Sammy's " Harbor " Day is instituted in Launceston it will become fashionable to carry , a pick and shovel through the streets. That this is a^tardy recognition of the dignity . sof. useful employment. That in an American city an Arbor Day proposal was squashed by the unemployed gardeners. That the forthcoming Convent Ball is to be entirely unconventional in the matter of fancy dresses. That some startling sets are already arranged. That George Ingram, of B&rrington;, seriously injured by a log rolling over him, is recovering. That timesdo not seem so very hard after all by tiie crowd we see at the Golden Fleece, all eager to spend money. • That; ~bn looking ^ronnd,"we "were not surprised at the eagerness shown. That ihe bargains are real live opes, and can be seen for the looking at. That the New Canadian Ministry is regarded as a very " strong " one. That, in a certain sense, most Ministries con felaim that qualification. .That the proposed Jewish re-acquisition of: Palestine, as cabled, should gladden the heart of Dimbleby,'' the calculatingprophet. That Dimblebyprognosticates the downfall . of the Mahomed an power in 1898J. That the same date brings {he Gentile times • to a full stop. That the Jewish times end thirty later, in 1928J, and the world then the world is no more. . That prophets are many though profits are few, and seldom the prophets prophecy tine. That Dimbleby is a chronological authority and bases his prophecies on astronomical facts. • That the Central Board of Health is still worrying itself over the action of the Launceston Council in the abattoirs trouble. That" all correspondence in the matter has been dutifully forwarded to the Central • Board. That said correspondence, is not very -voluminous or^particularly interesting. That it! will belong enough to enable the Central board to climb down to earth again in a dignified way. -That the Post Office Savings Bank business is slowly advancing. That it shows-an increase of £16437 8s 2d in credit to depositors for 1895. That in view of the further reconstruction of some of the private banks, State banking will probably become more popular. That financialdisasters are slowly but surely educating people on the benefits of j'^private enterprise." That what puzzles most folks is how it happens that Tasmania,n Government banking institutions can't pay the same rate of interest as private concerns. That as far as Launceston is concerned tho P.O. Savings Bank is handicapped by insane regulations. That withdrawals -cannot be made without two day's notice. ' That it should not be necessary for a withdrawal notice to be sent through Hobart. That the authorities probably consider these inconveniences are compensated for by the guarantee that depositors are sure of getting their money some time. That the Dean curse is still operative. Crick and Meagher served out "lash" to each Other in Sydney the other night. That ajniee fight .between the ex-partners, with Salomons and Windeyer as seconds, and John Norton as bottle-holder, wouldtend to raise the tone of Sydney solicitordom. That the " double run *' is the latest varia tion in cribbage at Hobart. That the Democratic League is ridiculed by the Ticaddlegraph. That the League is the outcome of the Progressive Liberal Association, which the Twaddlegrqph has so highly complimented That' the expert inquiry into the railway administration is an absolute necessity. That if the rumors that are current are in< correct Mr Back is a locomotive martyr. \- That if such is proved to be the case, the Democrat will be quite ready to canonise him. That signed articles will be contributed to the DEMOCRAT by Bishop Delany, Captain Miles, M.H.A., the Hon. Neil Lewis, and Mr A. J. Taylor. 