Acnievwg His Ransom. CHAPTER XIII. — {Continued) Air. Howard did not go near thfi barn whoro hie korse was, but walked briskly up tho road. The old npfjro's curiosity, excited by tbo mystery whioh had enveloped Mr. Howard all along, prompted bim to throw his game on the shod and follow bim, . The mysterious m»n went hurriedly up the road to tbo gap in the fence before alluded to, and then turned down the beaten nafch tnwnrrln t:hn p.Hurnh. ' Fore de Lawd, what am he gwine dar fur P' aaked old Cater. He recalled the stoiy of little Sam Scarce, and paused for a moment with his eyc*3 rolled up to the hoavens and bis hands claspod. 'He don't know 'bout de ? hants, ' ' the nc^ro whispe-red. His firet impulee was to run after the man nnd call him back, but lie hod come to regard Mr. Howard with a sort of superstition, no doubt from the many mysteries by which he wan surrounded, nnd ho had a lif th: dread of nccoeting him in the darkiii.-DK Spell-bound, thu old darkey stood for several minutes. lie was about to turn and go home, v/lien curiosity to know if the wan really dealt in the black nrt prompted the old darkey to make his way to the church by it nearer path, of which Mr. Howard knew nothing, and he readied it a fow moments ahead of him. Hut the chursh was already occupied when the negro came to it. Crouching at this norb window, Uncle Cuter distinctly huard voices within. Thoy spoke in low, even tones, and he could only catch a word now and then of what was said. ' It's about time,' said one. The old darkey's hair almost stood on end. Timo for what ? be a.ked himself. He was inclined to r.uru ana uy tor uc«, out ne oveicatne thab inclina tion and listened to more that was said. Those voices were too substantial for ghosts, nnd he found curiosity overcoming hi&fear.; Moments crept by on leaden win^s. A cold, icy breeze, seeming a blast oE death from the graveyard near, came over the old durkey, and for a moment almost froze the marrow in his bones. His teeth chat tered, his knees knocked together, bis breath came in fitful gaaps, while his heart thumped ao wi'dly thofc ho feared those inside must hoar it. After a moment he heard the sound of foot steps coming toward the cnbiu. He crouched utill closer to the ground. Thero was ti low whistle, followed by another, then some one en tered. Ho could have sworn, to his dying day, that the newcomer was the mysterious Mr. Howard. ' Well, what nowa P' he nsked. 'All is well,' answered one of tho strangers in the old church. Then followed a short silence, broken by one of thu men saying : ' Here is a message for you.' ' I will read it when I get to the light.' ' What shall we do now ?' ' Return.' ' Is that all ?' ' I will see you soon.' Then camo the sounds of people leaving the ?church. Two dark forma stole away among the trees, mounted horsea, und galloped away. A few moments later a solitary form stole back to the broad, beaten path leading to the road to Newburg tavern, which Uncle Cater declared was Mr. Howard. Next day Mr. Howard took his departure on one of his mysterious journeys. Cater took Undo Reuben behind tho woodshed aud in an nwe- iuspiring whisper began : 'Unc Rube, dat man am might' curious.' ' Why P' ''He goes ob nights to de churchyard whar de ghosts uir nn' calla 'em up. I seed him go laBt night to do church myse'f, an' bIio'b yo's white man. Unc Rube, dar war two odder men wi«i him. an' dey talk in whispers like, nn' den all go way.' 1 Uncle Reuben thrust his hand in his trousers pockot, drew out a handful of tobacco and pro ceeded to light his pipe, while Cater continued his mnrvollous atretdies of tho imagination. When ho tiad finished, Uncle Reuben &aid; : 'Do you know what I think, Cnter P' 'No; 'deed I don't, Unc Rube.' 'I think you are an infernal liar.' ... CHAPTER XIV. THE FAT it HIt'S '1'. 11 11 BAT. If Uncle Reubon thought there wns anything in old Cater's '!tory, he kopt his opinionR to himself. Unolo Reuben sat in his large' nrm-chair, well worn with age and use, BinoVo-l liispipo nnd said nothing. Ho even admonished Cater to koop his mouth ahut. Tho days nud wooks pnBBod slowly on, nnd Flora was still at tho homo of Undo Reuben. The aummor was past and goldon autumn had como.. Autumn lonves of crimson nnd gold were to bo aeon in great nbundnnce. 'l'ho foroRta nnd prairies of Missouri still presented a sceno of wondioua beauty. The days woro still dolightfully warm, but the evenings woro growing cool enough for fire iu tho brond-mouthed fireplaces, nnd Uncle Reuben suggested that it would Boon bo timo for tho hunters to como. To ono unnacustomed to suoh n treat, tho spending of an autumn evening at any of tho fow remaining typical old tnvernR of tho backwoods of Missouri would bo like n rovelntion, 'There aro, indeed, fow left of these rare old gathering-plaoos of hunters, wood -choppers, loggers nnd bark l»oolers, where the big bioltery ' chunks' snap and orach in the wide, stono firoplacos, tho warm roflootion of whose flumo, that dances fitfully at tho Booty opening of tho broad ohimney, plays kido nnd-Hook with tho shadows hero and thoro nnd everywhere about tho low- nulled bedroom, whilo the old iro^i tea-kottlo, hauging on its grimy arnno, singH cheerily, nnd tho measure of its song sots tho olouds of steam to playing elfishly about it i whoro I'ouio Huporannuated hound, rotund nnd wheezy, dozos and dreams in indolent oontentmont on tho hearth i whoro thu sons of tho forest, somo young and -lusty, somo old nnd grizzled, but nil plwimquo in gnib and tongue, loungo on boni'aliiti'covored benohes or chairs of stout and homely make, or loll in a uornor on n tumblod oouch of buiTn'o rohoH, heirlooms all, 01100 the com monest nnd chcap'/at of furry oomforts, now tho rarest and most costly 1 whoro tho rod-faced, well fed landlord passes to his rude customers llioir fnvourito rum and tansy, or gin nnd sugar, through tho opening in tho stout, wooden grating bofctvoon the high, oaken bar find the colling, junt an his father and his grandfather had dono boforo him, in tlio days when tho Btago-aonehoH rattled their luinborlng way ovor tho atony turnpike, nnd tho blasts from tho drlvor'B horn Bont tho Btiutlud echoes ilying over tho hill, Thoro were, oven at tho timo of our Btory, but few, indeed, of tlicBO rnro old hoHtnlrlns. I11 nil tho great Stuto of Missouri ono might, perhaps, lrnve counted nil that romninod on the flngorn of ono hand 1 nnd those that romninod woro, like Undo Reuben's, in n moribund condition. They woro tho ralius of nnothor ago. They stood, as soma to thin day stand, us monuments to tho moinory of a unique ruoo of landlords, and as reminders of n rude but hanrty hospitality suoli as will never oomo again, Among nil those old. timo landlords jiorhnpa none lvold out so long ngMnst tho Inroads of uiodoni innovations ns Uncle Reuben, He clung to his old house nnd deserted village, hoping thnt travol nnd buiiinosn would again sot its aurront toward Nowbtirg. Ooansionully In nutumn the door-huntora nanio, , hut nob In lurgo partluB, ns they used to, nnd tho old stag-horn wan novor hoard among tho liillci nnd foroets about tho town. No huntor hnd yet oomo, but Unole R»ubon livod in oonsl-nnt oxpuotatlon of a pnrl.y. lie tiiiod to nit on his long porah ot nn iiftornooD, nnd whioh tho sun defioond beyond the grout hillu nnd forosta of the wont, nnd ask himself If tlioy would not oomo next day, next woolc or noxt month, Often, when I10 had nmolced his plpn out, tie lay baok In Ii In ohair nnd dozed nnd dronmed of tho wlioolo of bho utngo-aonoh nnd tho aound of tlio echoing among the hills. But only in memory, drunniii, nnd imagination would that swoot mttulo orur fnll on hiu earn again, Ono evening nn ho ntib In bin accustomed neat » voiilclo onnie down bho ronrl from Runhvllto! Ho #ot upon his fimt, und nn It beoatne evident tlniti ib wid coining to his house, ho wunb to thu plulrot fonori whlah divided tlio yard from bho forosb, Ib vraa nour enough for him to rooognltjo ib na ono of tlio onrrlnuoH of McCoy's llvory burn nb Rushvlllo, Tll.o voliiolo drovo up to tho gato nnd stopped) nnd ( tQliO driver unld ' Iloro is tho plnoa.'' A man i^ob out, nnd nuked 1 «' Whnt's your bill P' «'Qh, you kin nott lo blinb whnn l tako yor bnok. Wlion d' yo wiint! mo t' nomo nftor ye P' ] ''In timo bo untoh tho train to-tuorrotr night.' ' All right' l f ? M The coachman then turned his vehicle about and drove away to Rushville, leaving tbo passenger, with a smnll-Hzed travelling bag in his hand, standing near the stiles. He waited until the vekic.'e bad started, and then approached Uncle Reuben, took his hand and Baid: ' How are you, Uncle Reuben ?' ' Ain't this Jordan Wells ?'' 'Yes. How ore you?' 'Well. When did ye leave home?' aBked Uncle Reuben, Bhowing the way into a large front room. ' 1 left yesterday.' ' Mow'd ye leave all tho folks ?' ' Well.' ' Set down,' and he pushed one of tho bearskin cbairB toward Mr. Wells. The merchant's face was very grave and firm, while there waR a deep sullen flash of fire from his eyes which spoke of n conflagration within. He threw aside a light topcoat, took oil his hat, and threw himself iu the proffered seat, and glared into the fire. Uncle Reuben, standing in a corner where the ruddy glow of the leaping firelight imparted a healthier complexion than was natural, thrust his hand into his pocket, drew out a handful of tobacco and proceeded to light his pipe. After glowering at tho fire for several minutes, Mr. W 6lls asked : ' Where is Flora P' ' Up in her room. D'^ewnntt' Bee her P' ' After a while,' he answered, with tho air of one who had a disagreeable task which ho wished to delay ns long ns possible. ' Hnd yer supper ?' 'No.' ' I'll tell Rachel an' Aggy t' set ye somo. Wo've all eat long ago.' ' Never mind mo I' growled tho merohant, still looking at. the fire. Uncle Reubon, who was a littlo deaf, did not catch the last sentence. He went to tho kitchen, where he found Aunt Rachel and tho ever-faithful iggy washing tho dishes and doing up the evening work. 'Rachel, Jordan Wells has como,' said Uncle Reuben. ' Jordan Wells !' cried Aunt Rachel, dropping hor dishcloth and raising her hands. ' Yes, and ho wants his supper.' * ' Fix his supper, Aggy,' said Aunt Rachel. Then, turning to her husband, Bhe added : ' Now, Rube, Jordan's beard o' that visit,' ' I don't keor 'f he has.' ' I bet he's come here to give Flora fits.' ' We couldn't help it. Don't believe sho ort t' gone, though.' ' Now I don't know as well about that,' declared Aunt Rachel. ' I believe I'll juBt give Jordan a n piece o' my mind.' ' Better 'tend to' yer own business.' ' Well, no, I don't know but that it's my busi ness t' look after Flora while she is here, an' if Jordan Weils is treatin' her wrong he ort t' bo told of it.' ' How'b he treatin' her wrong ?' ' Why, whon he saw that th' poor young things loved each other, instead 0' sendin' her oil and diBcliarerin' him, ho ort t' a let 'em waited, an' if they still loved each other when they had (.? rowed up, why, lot 'em marry.' 4 Uncle Reubon thought that it might havj been some trouble to have got them to wait. Thoro was u creak on tho Btairs, u breath of perfume, a whis per of soft robes and Flora Wells glided into the kitchen. Her face was whiter than usual, and. her eyes seemed starting from their sockets. ' Aunt Rachel — Undo Reuben I' she gasped. ' Mercy goodneas, child, whatever iB tlie matter 0' you P' cried Aunt Rachel. ' Yo look ez if ye'd 8ee'd a ghost !' ' Hue father come P' ' YeB.' ' I knew it. He intends to take mo away. Unolo Reuben, don't let him do it.' ' Doa't yo want t' go homo ?' asked Annt Rachel. ' No, no, I must not go I' (To be continaed.) 