THE BOURKE BRANCHiA.W.U., AND j MR R. SLEATH, M.P. (^rojp (he Igorkcr, Jan. 4, 189(3.) \ (Cuntinutil front lu*t issue,) [BXTHACr.j Wlciin/iia. Aua*. 13, 189.5. * Thomae V.',,?te, Aoting-SocruU^ry,- Buurko. Bear Sir ? Yoci' Jotter to hitnd, and I think you Nik-d t; ^aKp tho truth rothat£25. I dr -xpo ui-;.l?'t-«uppo»o that Bleath h»t: used the : *mUy etato that juat ' waj Irr.vl-^ ic.r Toung, I spoho to hhu ab«.ntt tliM in-/.' *y. y adho naid ** That will bjculghf, I'il ,j with Bourke.V All I' bi«\v atwtit tlu . ifttirl told you in a straight mniuiiir. j wouiu uo ono u- uio urnc to rick np ft ro^ ')ver crooked work, whother it wae tilfalb fji' anyone oIbq who was guilty of it, buf I am perfectly eutirtfied that no crooked v-ork waa intended, and I don't think any was done. ? As far as tho AViloannia P.L.L. not know* iug anything about it, to mo that scomH rather strange. I havo only boon at ono of tho meetings since I came here, but Marriott » their presidont, and I felt oatiufiod that when ha upoko to me that everything was straight, henoo my name aftor fint inter- . viewing Murphy was placed on tho wire. ! 'You say I admit it was expended for a .pur- . poco ooiUrary to what it wns voted for. You are mistaken, I uovcr said it waa expended for any ptupose, aud to close tho wholo thing, I will suy that I do not bolievo it in expended at all, and that Bourko will receive it alright again : nnd although yon in a manner try to e.tcuso Graoo's letter, you will find it diffioult | to do so to your own satisfaction. — Youru faithfully, Puanjc Uautley. [BXTHA.CT.] Bourko. Aupr. 21, 18^5. Prank Hartley. A.NY.U. Agont. Dear Sir,— Yours of tho 13th and 17th to hand. In reply, 1 may stato that I aiu instructed to write tho P.L.L. (at Wilcannia) officially, and look to them for a roturu of tho money from Slcath. Uf course,' yqa will naturally bo olfended at tho letter from Qraco assuming a concerted piau down thora, but if plucod iu hitt petition vou might havo written stronger. However, I neod not dwoll at length on tho mattor, but aayatonco that it Iihh to bo aatisfactorily /settled, and if everything cornea out alright, then I oxpectyou will recoivo any reparation that iu ueee.Hsary. At tho sume timo the correspondence will bo published if no uatis faction in given regarding it. — Your.s faith fully, Thohas Whitu, Acting-Secretary. The cominitteo instructed tho Acting Secretary, T. White, to reply to tho Wil cannia P.Xi.Ii., consequent upon tho recoipt of tho following letter from that body, asking for information. Wilcannia, Aug. 5, 1895. Tho Secretary A.W.U. Bouikc. Dear'Sir, — 1 am instiuctcd by tho members of the 1\L L. hery to ask you has tin amount of £25 which your branch, sent here in caao of a Parliamentary contest, been refunded ; if not can you givo u« any information concerning it. Tho above amount was, I believe, Kent from your branch to the late Secretary of the P.L.L. heroi aud in duo course handed to tho roprenentative of this district, with I beliovo tho knowlcdgo of tho gentlemun acting at preseut as your agent here. Tho money waa ient for without the knowledge or consent of tho committee', aud some ofticers of the present . P.L.L. here, and I may btate that tho P.L.L. mcmbere here aro simply, furiouH over th'o mutter, and an roost of them ato unionists, uro of course interested in the ! [le*t)nution of thii £25, which wo trust will , arrive itafulv iu your br.moh'b baud*. | )Vo think they did right in getting tho ino;it*y, but as tlio uppuxitioniots withdrew, the money should rovert tn your branch. AH information on tho eubjeet will -bo welcome just uou*. Hoping mattora in connection with tho union mo progrowing amoothly up your way, xnd that prottpccU aro soroowbat brighteniug. — t am. youri* in anticipation, W. U. Caxwon, Hon. Secretary IMj.L. Bourko, Aug. 21, 1895. ,'W. 0-. Canipioq, Hon. Secretory P.L.L., Wilcannia. Dear' Sir,— Yours of the 5th inst. came duly- to baud. I would hnvo replied earlier, but had to lay the mutter before my committoo, aud missed last mail through pressure of work. Howovor, I am iustructod to inform you that £25 was wired to Marriott, on tho strength of a telegram signed by Hartley and himsolf, received here ou the 13th July, and worded as follows: — M Sleuth opined, wire share of money to contest seat. Mr Grace, then acting secret ary, thinking of course that M arriott was still secretary of tho League, nnd that a bona-Hdo opponent waa coming forward, complied with out further enquiry, aud you may bo sure had he known thnt Murphy won tho man, or that it would have gone for nnv othor purpose than IU lyiHWU IIIO II.VU1UJ ii«»V icmaiued where it wan. Kowevor, ua it baB not been returned, and your brunch being the recognised body to too tho money expended, ray committco havo asked that you writo Slcath to return it at ouco, or if not natis fuctorily sottled, then the wholo of tho corres pondence to bo published in tho JPcvkcr, and [ feci Auro the interests of labor will be bono filed by a ready compliunes with the reque.it for a refund. The fund is only available for olection oxpenecs in the branch, and within the control of this committco. Thoy havo no desire to withhold any legitimate allowance to any branch of tho P.L.L., but would certaiuly decline to vote it for the purpoito it ie reported to havo been afterwards intended for. You will judge from this how wo wcro rituated, and our means of knowing what developments were taking p'aco, and if you communicate with Mr Sleath, I havo no doubt tho matter will be finally settled to our mutual 6ati6iaction. At leant I trust so, and beg to romain,— Youro faithfully, Tuoifie Whitjs, Actiug-Seoretary, Bourke. Eithora short timo prior, or immediately aftor tho rccoipt of this lotter, Mr Campion, instructed by his Committee, ? wroto Mr Sleath for un explanation as to whother he had returned tho £25 to tbo Bourko Com mittee or not, seeing there had been no con test for the Wilcannia seat. No reply waa rccoivod to this, nor did another letter, written on the 8th Sept., meet with any better result. A third 'wan despatched in the latter end of September, repeating thoreqnoi»t »t r,1 i clufin.f the determination of tho league to publish all corrcHpondence if thia w;i h not forthcoming. Mr Sleath did, indeed, reply to this, but only to deny tho ri^ht of the Secretary or hia Lcaguo to ask bira any e-uch question. I am sorry I cannot give tho full text of this part of the correspondence.' Mr Campion ! did not take copios of his letters, and could not, therefore, supply the exact text from momory ; and, nd Mr Sleath impugns tho accuracy of t ho copies Mr Campion did pupply . I am, therefore, ; debarred from publishing anything more than tho baro facta, which aro unquestioned, and it would Vo unfair to both to publish ono side of tho'qxaostion alono. i? oiiowing imp, . 1, at ipo instance oi iuo rommittoe, personally interviewed Mr Sleath in Sydnoy. At that interview ho maintained thathohada perfectright to the money. 'I pointod out that he could not havo spent £25 in travelling t-j Wilcguiiia and printing and ad vertising expense.'! prior to nomination day, but while admitting that he didn't, ho considered that hia jp'reviouH election coat him raoro than tlie I5arljumentary Fund allowance, ami that he was thua justified in applying the present balance towards liquidating the old liabilities. Having.no opportunity of nncertaining thd CooDroittce'fl view, I could only voico my own dinagrocraout with such a proposal. Mr Sleath also required to know what arrangements would bq..i.nade in fi^taro foy disbursing thi» parliamentaryjFund — whether moneyn would bo available by each Electorate Branch without any contest pyc^ntna»ing; ; whether auoh moneys would be available for organising at otlier than oleotion timew, and other qaeationR of ft liko character. . j 1 I told Jiipi that neither tho committee no r, could answer Bilch (juestiona, as the^ wcro mutt'.-rj for tho pr0j-090d P.L.L. District , Aescinbly to decido, and that body waa not then in existonce. Even if it were, and that it could answer theso quoations natisfaotorily, fho? ehould not bo ? inixod up, I contended, with this inattor of tho £25. Mr Sleath thought differently, however, and stated hU intention of getting tho committoo t,o answer tbom, ' since.' I * cotild not, The intorviow terminated -Without any thing definite rosnlting. -Mr Slcath stated that ho would stnto to thd cominitteo hin reaoona in foU for holding the money 7 and | :Upop reocipt of their reply would dcteriuiuo i bin oonrw of aotion. , , I Many other matters not very rovelaut to i tho point' at iseuo were also diseustiod, and1 oven in what' I h.ivo stated I havo merely given, and au fairly aa I can, tho position | takon up by Mr1 Sloath, together with my own view, but without attempting to repeat tho argumenta by wkiph epci) fortified that view. . | Parliament House, Sydney, I October 19,- 1895. ' ?. ?Acting-SooretaTy A.W.U., Boiirke. ? Dear Sir, — MrD, Maodonell, Sec. Bourko Branch I ^.tv.u., acung uuder instructions of tno ! Bourke committee, waited on mo daring the week in regard to the distribution of tho Parliamentary Fund of that Branch. ? I then expro»aed the opinion that' it would be better, porhaps, for rae to oommunioato direct with tho committco, who might be in a posi tion that Mr Maodonell wan not to answer oertain questions bearing upon thia matter. Would you now be good enough to let mo kno.v what iuformntion you roally want, and I shall endeavor to supply aamb P Would you alfio bo good ouQugh to inform me if lottere signed by ono of tho name of A. E. Grace, whw claims to havo beon Aoting-Secrotary of your Branch, are oftioinl comtuunioations, and have either received the authority or endorsement of your committee ? Tho letters I refer to are dated tbo 17th nnd. 31st July, ttddiassed to Mr J. G. Marriott, the former bohjg sent as an open letter through Mr Frank Hartley. I would also doom it a favor if yon would inform mo if your committee liavo «inee then authorised any oomrauni- I cations in reference to this matter to bo sent out, and, if so, to whom. Awniting a reply. —I am, yours. &c.;, IIiciid. Slcatii. A.W.U., Bourko, Ooi. 25, 1395. Mr R. Sloath, M.P., Parliament House, Sydney. Dear Sir, — Replying to yours of i the 19th inst., I am iuatructed to inform you | that my cotnmittce fail to rccognisa your i claim to tho £25, as thero waa no election. ! aud to ask you to *-how cauw- why it should not bo rofunded to the A.WU., Bourko; j and to further stato that they connidur Mr A. K. Gruoo porfectly justified in writing for an explanation ro disposal of money, and uphold hi« contontiou that the putting up of Murphy for nomination did not warrant any claim upon tho Parliamentary Fund. They, howevor, consider Grace's letter of tho 31»t Jnly .a personal explanation, us ho waa not then Acting-Secretary ; and, re garding thu last quostion, havo to stato that no authority waa givon anyono to oommuni cate with others than those who hnd au official right to receivo corrcspondenco upon the subject. Anticipating an early answer, I am, faithfully youra, Thos. Wjiitk, Acting Secretary. Parliament Houso, Sydney, Nov. 10, 1895. T. White, E.-mj., Acting-Secretary A.W.U. Dear Sir, — Youra of tho 25th ult. to hand, und I can only express my regret that your cotnmittce should havo gone ho far h* io consider tho letters of Mr A. E. Graco por fectly justifiable. Tw* of your stateiuontb I fail to understand, viz., that there was no election for tho Wilcauni;; constituency ; and, secondly, that Murphy putting up for nomi nation would not warrant any claim on the Parliamentary Fund, la rogard to the first, ; thore is a widespread. belief that thero was an election for Wilcannia, and that I was returned. That belief, I muy add, in shared j in by myself. Iu regard to tho socond matter, I yon might have boen good enough to explain I why no claim could be mado against tbo j Parliamentary Fund on account of Murphy I ooming forward as a candidate. Such an explanation would certainly havo thrown a ,Uul is„l.fc .... - ? very much ihrouded in mystery. However, lot mo say hero that I do not claim to be infallible, and that I am always willing to try and arrive at a reasonable solution of any difference that may exist between my.^olf and others. But, looking at tl^o letter of A. E. Grace, dated the, 17th Jnly, learning by your communication that it is ollioiul nnd meets with tho approval of your committco, I can only^isy I would ho sinking my manhood to continue a correspondence with a body that approves of such a scurrilous and foolishly impudent- communication. I cannot discuss k question with any body whose first official communication is au insult (o tue, and, in my opinion, a discredit lo thorn. — I am, yours faiihfnily, Richard Sleatu. As Mr Sleath failed to answer tho C'oin mittoo'a request to show caaso why ho ehould keop thia money, they decided to allow him his coach fare from Cobar to Wilcannia, und any printing and advertieing exponsefi he may havo incurred prior to hie being declared tho representative of the district upon nomi nation day, and asked for tho return of tho balance «f tho £25 beforo Dee. 7, failing which (he wholo of tho corronpondence bear ing upon the case to bo published. Tho 1 Secretary was initrnoted, also, to1 mako clear in his reply those points which in tbo opinion of the Committee Mr Sleath had euner cTtvaea or misconsirnea, A.W.U., Bourko, Nov. 23, 1895. R. Sleuth, Eaq., M.P., Sydnoy. Dear Sir, — Youra of the 10th inst. has been duly reoeived and considered by ray committeo. They havo instructed rae to reply that as they were only actuated by a peneo of duty in asking you to either refund tho £25 ad vanced, seeing there had been no contest for tho election, or elso furnish some reasons why vou are entitled to retain it, they would bo lacking, in that duty now if they allowed this correspondence to drop until you have accopted either ono of the reasonable alterna tives offered you. And they truit- that y'ou will recognise that .so far from your manhood being degraded by helping to clear this matter up, you can only truly assert it by doing so. You have either a just olairn lo tho wholo or a portion of this money, or else you havo not.' If you havo any claim, you must have some reasons that you'ean advance in support of it, aud it is certainly your duty to fnrnish them when asked to do so ; while if you havo none — and your «lence is apt to .be so con strued— your duty to return tho money should be equally clear. Gottinn- on to stilts as yon do when you: state 'that it would bo u. degradation, to, your manhood to continue thia corresponds cnco ' bccau&e; someone acting temporarily: ;n this no CBnraf,rtrl,n,I in Bomoono elso given expression to tho suspicion that Murphy'u opposition to^yourself did not appear to be altogether botiaf.de, cannot blind people to the following facte : 1\. That this Brano^. advanced the sum of £25, not to you, but. to the Wilcannia Branph of the P.L.L. upop the representation of tho ' president of that body and Mr F. Hartloy that you wero to be opposed, ^nd. that upon receipt of it they handed It onto you. 2. That you wero not opposed, n$c even threat? e'ned with serious .opposition/' 5Tpb httvo admitted yourself, 'o^ well oa several of your supporters, that Murphy nover had tho ghost of . a s^ow against you, 3.' That, a5 a son. sible man, you woulfl not havo spont muoh of your own money over such a miserably weak antagonist1 di Murphy, or in ajiy pre liminary oxpcntofl hen no ecxioufl opposition threatened, and. that as au.boneat man you inuat-bavo been just as careful over TToion funds an of your own, and that, therefore, tho great bulk of Ibis £25 must still remain in ypof .pbflsoasion* . Common senso and common jubtlce would alike ecoafc tho idea of a Labor candidate spending *£26 from a Parliamentary Fund scraped together by budi tpllepa out of their scanty earnings beforo it was sattlod whether- ho waa to bo opposed or not, and : ypu have admitted to MacdeneH yourself that. yon did not do. any- thing so unju3l or foolwh, Surely, then, j nuon reflection, you will aeo that even if Murphy's opposition had beou dangerous* — j whicu no ono can aay it was— and that thero waa nothing theroforo to exoito tho sli^ljtost ! suspicion in Graco*o mind ; and ovon if any 1 othor or tho wholo of tho Bonrko oflioiala hurled tho wildcat charge* or expressed tho rooft unreaAonablo suxpicion^ against you (and fhey did nono of 'thojo thinga), such conduct would havo been no justification for 'retaining that unexpended balance. ? 'It is very inconsistent that, while denoun cing in euch strong terms the tono of a letter i not addroeaed to yonraolf at ullj you ehould I have replied ho intemporately to the several requctU for uu explanation how thia money 1 I waa disposed of that wero mode by the Hon. JJoeretATy of *tho Wilcannia P.L.L. It was not, however, to oall attcntiou to this in j consistency, nor to dwoll upon your di»cour | tflsy in leaving hia letters unanswered for two months, but to point out your unreanon ?ableness in denying that League's right to know how tha money voted them wna oxponded that I mentioned thia matter. ' No doubt any lcaguo may, if it chooses, hand its funds over, or & portion of thom, to a candidato of its choice/ and trust him to. expend thcin to tho best advnntugo ; bat no candidato has anv rltrht to denv hia lontrn« anr infnrm*fir»n concerning it ohould ho bo called upon to do so. And thia was inoumbent upon yon, Boeing thnt tho money was handod to you without tho authority of oither a committoo or a general meeting, while the faot that there hud been no. contest should have been an additional reuson, so that opponents «ould havo no grounds for casting 'any aspersions at our movement. In such rnatterj wo should act openly atf.woH'n.1 squarely. As the continhuuco of this di&agrcomcnt; can only damage the ^cauaa .v?a aU ^rofesa, at least, to bolievo inj we trust that you* will uvou at thia Into hour uoknowfcdgo tho uu reMjonablenesa of yonr position, aud nccopt tho torms of this Committee. With a viow of avoiding anything that would boar ovon tho slightest suspicion of a wifch to doal either hastily or unfairly with you, they have decided to allow you coaoh faro from Cobar to Wilcannia and any print ing oxpensos incurred by you up till nomina tion day, and simply ask you to return tho balanco of the £25 to thia ofilce, allowing you till Dcc. 7 to do so. Herewith I encloso copy of tho resolution agreed to. As our books close next month, wo tMnuot extend tho timo beyond that dato. Iu conclusion, wo would respectfully but firmly request you to waive those wdo issues you havo raised, and atato definitely whother you will accept theso terms; and if not, why not?-rI am, youra faithfully, Thom. White, Acting-Secretary. Parliament House, Sydnoy, Dec. 7, 1895, TIjos. - Whito, Esq., Acting-Socrctary A.W.U., Bourke. Dear Sir,— Youra of tho 23rd ult. to hand, onclosing resolution from your committee, together with firo pages of general. In reply to your coruiaittoo, I wish to stato that I cannot withdraw from tbo position taken up in regard to thia matter, and I again voiterate my determination not to disoues tho question with you unless that insulting ^nd hysterical' letter writtcp: by your Aoting-Seoretary,' and endorsed by your committoo, is withdrawn. In regard to this oft-repeated threat of publi/hing all cor respondence upon the subjcct, I have not tbo slightest personal objection, and ehould your rommiticc feel «iti«fiod that tho cause of Labor would bo benefited by the publication of the manner in which the Parliamentary Fund has been expended, I will gladly tuko ahand in briuging to light a mattor (to nut it mildly) that should havo beau publifauod long ago, and which seems to bo 6urrouuded with so much mystery and suspicion. In rogard to your own littlo eil'uxion of fivo pages, tho only apology for it, I suppose, lies in the fact that you thoroughly realize how rotten a caso you have got to go before the public with, nnd you are therefore anxious to bolster it up by this impudent and nih leading rodomontade. You take up a. page iu demanding to know why I did not answer oertain Iettera sent to tno ny a gentleman ot the narao of Uampiou in Wilcanuia? Seeing that you. huve. got my reply to him, what more : Jo' you wHnt? Aud, after all, who appointed yoi-. dictnt*r general, and vested you with the |Kjwer.- of quentioning art to whom I should reply? Your letters up to dato have all been ropliod to, and whore does your right to oxurci*e this gonoral supervision over matters that don't concern yon como from ? But I don't mind letting you iuto a secret. This Campion has euch a free-and-easy style of composition that I had fondly hoped was confined to your Mr Grace,. and I am some what afraid that in your caw you aro rapidly developing h wcaknoas fur this particular form of letter-writing. Let ine eay, in conolusion, that if your Committee really want a peaceful nnd satis factory Aottlemont of any difference of opinion that may exist between them and myself, they will at once withdraw this obnoxious letter, nnd trust entirely to tho justico and oquity of the case for a proper Hottlemcnt. If not, then it will be clear that they want u fight with me from other motives altogether, and I can only promise them this —that I am ready and willing to defend my every action either on any platform or through tho press.— I. am, yours, &o.;, Richd. Sleath, ? ' , A.W.U. Office, Bourko, Dcc. 12, 1896. Mr R, Sleath, M.P., Parliament House. L/ear air, — J. am very sorry to irarn irom your letter of tho 7th inst. that you refuae to accept the terms offerod by the committee of this Branch— sorry not merely .on perbonal grounds, but &Uo; because of th; ill-effoot your persistence in your present course will havo in tho ranlce of tho workers generally. I had hoped this matter would havo been settled before my resumption of offico dntic.i, but since that, unfortunately, ia not the oast, and I have to take it in hand, whilo I shall havo to say some harsh things, I tOmll, at any rate, avoid making any of those insinuations that you &o; strongly resent in the caaa of another and so readily employ in your own. I must protest,/ however, against your attempt to cast the onus of publishing this correspondence npon this committee. Thoy simply place oertain conditions hofore you, and you decido what shall be dono and you cannot 'deny, that thoys allowed you ample time and consideration to square matters up Detore tuey pincea any conaitions oeioru you. For five months you. have retained possession of this £25, tho greater part cf which at loast you have no just claim to. Upon thcco different occasions tho Secretary of. tho Wil cannia P.L.L., instrnctad by his committee, asked you for information concerning it, nnd, after tho lapso of two montha,' you only tepliod- to his third letter, and point blank ^ofused to givo any, or admit tho light of him or his league to ask for it. For tho last couple qf months my committee has 'striven without result to cither obtain a refund of the money or a statement of your reusonu for retaining it, nnd evon if they had been inclined to allow, matters to remain in their, present nnsatinfaotory position, the balance-sheet that must .be published immediately the Branch books aro audited JTObld^prev.QQt their, doing «o. Tho money couhi n-5t bo dobited to the Wilcannia P.L.L., : althfcugh sent to them, for they novor got It. ! It would have to show iu you hands, whether | tho committeo liked it or not.' The only ! difference in tho publication of - the corres pondence would bo to show members that the ooraimttee.djd ajl that was possiblo in tbeir intoreste to recover tie money. This.proof that thoy did not bring matters to a crisis until fivo months hnd obipsed, and only then when they would hjivo tc be made publio anyhow, ia a sufficient answer' to your implication thai thoy aro trying *' to seek a quarrol with you1';, whito a . farther-proof lies in t^e faot that tbey could havo itpoiled all Tour ohonces in tho A.W.U. '*y-d A.L.F. ballots had t^ey any desire to givo pnblioity to the*e natters until evory reasonable way of settling tbwp qniotly cbould hove been exhausted. J. t ? . Tho committoo havo reoogniBed all along that we should notmake our quarrels publio i? any other course is open, but tbey consider it a lower evil to publish tho f/ictn of thi« cneo than allow you to roUin Union* monry you have no just cluim to, and rnfuno to give it up or any information fnnccming jt. But I tru:it oven yet you will abandon th.i unr-'»«onftblo position you liavo taken up. Suroly you nre too clcar-hcadcd to think for u moment that Graco's letter justifico you in withholding tho money. If Graco called you a scoondrol, you would not go asd straight away provo yourself oue. If ho implied — and ho conteudi ho did not, but supposo ho did— that you improperly obtained possession of thia monoy, wuroly that would not jubtify you in retaining it for ono hour, lot alono fivo months. Thero aro thoso, no doubt, who would regret the tone of Grace's letter, and tho samo peoplo would, no doubt probably fail, to Beo perfoction in that of some of your own but everybody should realieo that tho Parlia mentary Fund ia not intended to relievo tho feelings of anyono aggrieved at the tone of any Union o&icinl; or ox-official's letters. Tho two matters aro outiroly distinct, nnd mmttbe kopt so. If Graco did you a wrong ha should ccrtainly acknowledge it ; but whothorho did or not, or whether ho acknowledges it or not, has nothing wliatevor to do with your plain duty to the wholo of tho members of this Branch. Thoro ia ono paragraph in your la«t com munication that oalla for stricture. You say ' thnt if your committeo fool satisfied tho oauso of lubor will bobenofitod by tho publi cation o'f tho manner in which tho Parlia mentary Fund ban been oxpended, I will gladly tako a hand in bringiug to light a matter (to put it mildly) that, should have been published long ago, and which seems' to bo surrounded with so much mystery and suspicion.' Now, if you know anything in connection with the Fund' surrnniidod with mystery and suspici5iUM-and .which thould have Ucn vuuit nut/ic longagoy why don't yon do yourdoty as &? labor loader and bring it to light, and altogether irronpectivo of what tho committee may say ur do. But, instead, you tell tho committeo you will say nothing about it on tho ctnul'iliun that they kino keepquie$ regarding thia corro*pou» denco. It is at once a threat aud u bribe to purchase their silonco with hU own. It is to be hujM)d you wrote huntily. and that your own better judgment tvnuld condemn tho unworthy proposal. But whother it ex* prcsie* your ha«ty or your matured judgment, the only auswer tho committco can give is thin: To repoat thoir previous nffor to allow you coach fate from Colur to Wilcannia and and printing expenses you may have incurrod priorto nomination day, and to roquet that you will return the halancoof this &2.*i to thi3 office by tho 17th inst., failing which they will bo forcod to refer tho mattor V^'-?iomhers through tho columns of the IForitcr. Trusting that you will consent to this course,— I am, faith fully youra, D. Macdonhll. (To be conchuM next iuuc.J ly you canuot obtain ' Myfa Tea' iu your district, write toD. Mitchell & Co., Clarence street, Sydney, who will arrango for a supply at ouca through tho local storokoopor.— -Advt. Yaukeo Doodlo Tobacco increased its yearly sale over 100 per cont. Why was this. You try it and seo.* Wfi aro pleased to notice that Doctor tidillo Mahor has returned from Europe and resumed practice at 20 College-street, Sydnoy. ; 