'IN THE SWIM.' (By 'BOONDI'— FOE THE 'SUJffDAT TIMES.') MAN OVERBOARD! \ That is a terrible cry to w ji \ ' hear when the Storm £ . Wp'v \ Fiend rides on the mid« 6 (IfcYCS \ nightgale, and way I p& oufc *n ^ie ^an' derous dark of the jj&n7;\ ocean, far from all ij§Pl human help, a ./SLj stout ship, quiver '?// -11'** ing and shaking iifce a living creature in dire distress, battles bravely, as the shrieking tempest tears at her masts and sails, with the furious, foam-crested wave3 which tower mountains high, meet, break, rush over each other, and dash against the strained vessel with Titanic force from every side, j # o o ' Man overboard !' That is a particu larly unpleasant cry to hear even on the calm bosom of our lovely harbor, espe cially when you happen to be the ' man 1 overboard ' yourself, and you suddenly remember that you never learnt to swim. You are nor in a very tight place, of course, for there is generally some brave hearted life-saver at hand, but still the eituation is quite tight enough for you, and as you go down for the ' third time ' you mentally resolve that if you ever strike the shore again you will learn to swim before you are a day older, even though you have to dispense with whisky and cigars and other life necessaries, and your ?wife has to wear clothes that were fashion able in 1S92. OS# If yon don't come up any more it may console you to know that it is not such a terrible thing to drown after all. Of course, everyone knows the description given by 'false, fleeting, perjured Cla rence ' of his dream (probably after a heavy tripe-and-onion and 'tanglefoot' supper) in the Tower : — Lord, Lord, uiethought what pain it was to drown! 'What dreadful noise of waters in mino eavs 1 'What ugly sights of death within mine eyes 1 ? And often did I strive To yield the ghost, but still the envious flood Kept is my soul and would not let it forth. * ? - # That is poetical, but it is not true. On two occasions I have been as near to jsfeaven by water as a man could get and still make use of his return-ticket, and my experience, like that of thousands of others, is that after a few severe choking gasps knd struggles a sense of pleasing calm sets in; the whole of one's previous life is flashed before the mind's eye in a style that leaves the cinematograph nowhere; then ' an exposition of sleep comes upon one ' (as bully Bottom would say), ail cares and troubles fade away, and after that — well, if someone doesn't grab you by the hair, or jab a grappling-iron in your panta pretty quick, you will be mighty apt to fade away also. Tho resuscitation busi ness is decidedly unpleasant, ' but being drowned is really not half as trying as getting married. ? * » A few days ago a bald-headed but other wise respectnble old gentleman was leaning over the side of a North Shore boat, watch ing the wheel go round, when suddenly his cargo shifted, or something else went wrong, and he was unceremoniously dumped into our lovely harbor. Appa rently ho didn't appreciate its loveliness just then, for he at once tried to climb out of the water, hand over hand, exactly the same as if was trying to climb up a greasy pole for a ne%v hat. Men who canuot «wim always act in that foolish fashion, 'Mid some scientists declare that this fact is another proof of Darwin's evolution theory. If you surprise a monkey on the ground in a forest it will immediately haul itself up a tree with precisely the same movements that a non - swimmer tries to climb out of the water. » w « Some persons assert that sharks will not bite a man as long as he keeps his legs in motion. If he can keep kicking longer than a shark can keep waiting he will come out on top all right. Personally, I have never tested the truth of that statement, and if I know anything about myself I can safely say I am not likely to do eo either. The French rather ungallantly Bay that the ugliest object in this world is a woman in the water. But a wildly excited man kicking furiously in the briny, like a galvanised frog, is not a very dignified or attractive object either, and probably this is the reason why an aesthetic shark objects to assimilate him. ? * m The 'man overboard' should keep cool, and on no account plunge, struggle, or throw his handB or arms up out of the water. He should try to impress on the Epectators that it is a funny little game of his own that he is playing; but he mustn't play, it too hard, or too long, for fear that the onlookers may mistake him for Ernie Cavill, or Bill Corbett, and decide that it is better not to spoil the sport, but allow him to get out of the water the way he got in. In such a case the more a man yelled for help the more he wouldn't get it, and no one would really ? know what the game actually was until the ' man overboard ' had become what Mr. Mantalini would call ' a demnition demp dead body.' * * * Furthermore, the 'man overboard' should always remember that anyone can ' tread water ' at the first attempt. Ib' is as easy as walking upstairs to a Minister's office to receive a Government billet at .£500 a year. Let the suddenly soused party keep his hands below the surface of the water, his lungs inflated, and his feet moving up and down just the same as if he was 'doing time' on a tread-mill, or ** scorching ' round the Centennial Park on his 50-guinea bike among the 'nicest people' in the land. A dog treads water instinctively. And ho must be a very poor man who hasn't the ability of a dog. ? * * Floating on the back is easier still. Lie flat, throw the head well back, keep the lungs inflated, the legs extended but flexible, the arms held close to the ears tlie hands over the head, and then you can rest at ease and sing 'I'm Afloat' until assistance arrives — that is if you happen to be in a singing humor. # m m If anyone approaches to rescue look upon him as a person who has been well paid for the job, and make him earn his money. Don't grab at him, or show any signs- of familiarity whatever, keep quiet and let him do all the work while you lie j back and enjoy the scenery. » . * . © i If any small object of support be thrown to yon, dodge it first with your head, and then place it under your chest or arm-pits. Above all things else keep cool. The water will assist you to do this — if you stay long enough in it — and if you wish your grave to be kept green in case you do go under, always carry the current number of The Abeow with its .£100 insurance guarantee just over your heart, where the British sailor is supposed to carry the bible his mother gave him. Cut these pars out and read them with your prayers, morn, noon, and night. Then the under takers will have less to do, and the Coroner will enjoy a well- earned rest. « « «- The best of all ways to save yourself from being drowned is to learn to swim. This reminds me that few spots on earth afford more natural facilities for learning to swim than Sydney does, or show more neglect of these facilities either. Nature has done- everything to encourage swim ming, but man has done little or nothing to avail himself of the great boon. The pro position put forward by the Sunday' Tijies for erecting swimming baths in all the suburbs is really a matter of far more im portance than even the erection of the new Houses of Parliament, or the hold ing of an International Exhibition. Clean liness is next to Godliness, and it would be a real good thing for the rising generation if a lot of the 'ologies' were banished from our schools, and their place supplied by lessons in the pleasing and useful art of swimming. 'lama college professor and can speak seven different languages,' said a learned man who was being -ferried across a wild Scotch lake. 'Ah weel,' replied the man at the* oars,. ' the bung has come out o' the boat, and if ye canna swim aa well as talk by gosh you'll drown !' « * ? All the Queen's daughters were taught to swim when very young, and the daughters of the Prince of Wales could swim before they could read. That pre cedent ought to be good enough for us to follow, but it is a shameful fact that there are thousands of children in sea-girt Syd ney and its suburbs who never enjoy a plunge in anything bigger than a tub. * * « The Ancient Eomans paid as much atten tion to the cleansing of their bodies as they did to the salvation of their souls. The ruins of their splendid baths are amongst the wonders of the world to-day, aud stand out as object lessons which even the people of this the enlightened 19th century would do well to copy. The Romans fairly revelled in the bath, and this probably had a deal to do with old Cato's boasc that' for more than five hundred years no physician was needed within the walls of Rome. Our lively little neighbors the Japanese almost live in their baths, the State supplying the poor with- the luxury free of charge, while the baths of the rich would remind one of the Garden of Eden with hot, cold, shower, and perfumed water-taps fitted up in every leafy bower. Attorney-General Want mates no mistake in spending his holidays in Japan. The wonder is he returns to Sydney at all. m » ? Many persons imagine that once they havo mastered the art of swimming they are safe, aud need no practice to fit them for any amount of natatorial work short of swimmin? the Hellespont or the 'Golden Gate.' Those self - satisfied parties fill their heads with a very great mistake in deed. When a man once thoroughly learns the technique of swimming he never for gets it any more than he forgets how to walk. But the man who confiues his walk ing to one or two spurts of ten minutes or so in a year would be in precious poor con dition to walk even as far as Parramatta or overland to Balmain. And it is precisely the same with swimming. Time after time we hear of persons being drowned although they knew how to swim perfectly, and as a rule these fatalities are set down to a sudden attack of cramps, or the strength of the under-tow, or some other plausible reason. » « ? The real cause is to be found in the flabby state of the swimmer's muscles. Those unfortunate men suddenly bring into violent exercise a set of muscles that aro unusod to exertion and that quickly collapse, as all unused muscles are sure to do when subjected to a severe strain. Plenty of men who can swim 200yds with comparative ease would go under and drown if required to swim 500yds, and would become completely exhausted in a much shorter distance than that if required to help a person iu distress. The true remedy for all this trouble is : Learn to swim well, and then keep yourself in constant prac tice. Three parts of tho people here will never learn to even paddle, however, unless tlie Sunday Times scheme for providing public baths is carried out. The people's money could not possibly be spent with more advantage than in the erection of such baths, for a clean nation is invariably a healthy, sturdy, moral nation, and to produce such a nation every man, woman, and child should bo in the swim. 