Sermon. "Wrecked, But Not Reckless. By T.itf "Ret. C. H. Spbegeox. Here was a case of .extreme peril, in "which \- there seemed to be no possibility whatever oT any of the lives of nearly, three hundred persons being- preserved. In this emergency the apostle Paul resorted to prayer.: "Wemay nvail ourselves of this privilege at the worst pinch. "When things are so black that they cannot be any darker, we may still pray . God is good at a dead lift. Our extremities, ai we well know, are' always His opportuhi ■ tics. When wc can do nothing to help our \- selves, let us pray, and we can get help from . Gcd in everything. J. Sometimes, when wehaveheard a man say that all hope that he shall "be saredbas been \- taken away,' wehave rejoiced to hear him say so. Hoes that appear to be a cruel statement? . It is not meant to be so. Let me. explain, and. then I hope yon will understand it. Multitudes of persons are sailing in what they think to be the good ship of self . righteousness; they are expecting that they : shall get to heaven in her. But she never did carry a soul safely nto the fair haven yet, and she never wHL Self- righteousness is as ' rapid a road to ruin as outward sin itself. Now, it will happen sometimes that when God is dealing with a self-righteous person who is delighting himself with the thought that fee is all right, that he is not u great sinner. • that he Is a religious person, that he takes the sacraments, that he says his prayers, that be is as good as most people, perhaps rather better, and that if he does not go to heaven he wonders who will—I say it will sometimes \- happen to such a man that a storm will come, perhaps on a sudden, just as the tempest did to Panl'-s vessel, and tuist him round, and make his gallant vessel in the storm to be a thing that has lost its mind, and trill not • obey the rudder, and cannot be quieted and controlled. Oh, we have seen them \- Ecmetimes when they have woke up on a sudden, and said, "I never knew . this; I'could not have believed it! I myself to be a sinful creature, lost and undone, and np to this moment I really thought I was as right as could be, and almost fit for heaven, and quite sure of it." A terrible awakening it bos been to some. And when the hurricane blown them out to sea, and they have found that there is no defence for a soul in all :he rites and rituals, the ordinances and observances of the ihurches; that even the rites which God J.duins for a testimony have no atoning efficacy; that only the precious blood can clean so away an, and even that must be applied through the Holy Ghost by faith to give the conscience peace;—alas ! v poor souls, their hope of being saved has become more slender than before. But they will take to undergirdiug the ship, like these sailors did; they passed hawsers right rouud • the vcsseL So people try to gird their self-' righteousness together; pray more, read the Bible more, go to a place of wor ship oftenct—by any means they will tiy to "keep together the , timbers that the storm had begun to loosen. " Oh, yes," they cry, -"we cannot boast any longer; we must confess we are aimers; we acknowledge we have transgressed in some • respects ; bat, Lord, accept our confessions; receive them, and in Thine infinite mercy pot away our «n, because we have confessed it, because we have repented of it." They have given up a good deal, hut they still cling to the old hhip as long as they can. She must go to pieces, or you cannot get them out of . .her; so the Lord sends the wind, and the storm again breaks over them, gives them no rest or respite ; every timber creaks, and the old crazy thing is ready to go to pieces. They go to the Word of God for comfort, . but, like the Tnarincrs in Paul's story, they . get no food: they cannot find anything that can stay their souls, for there are no promises in God's Word Tor people that are self righteous. It is an awfnl condition to be in, in some respects; it is a most blessed one in others. Mark this, dear bearers, I desire nothing for yon unconverted persons so much as to sec you thoroughly convinced that there is nothing that yon can do which can save you; that there is no merit whatever in any thing that yon can do or feel; that yon are lost, utterlyand helplessly lost, apart from the interposition of Christ; that he can save you, but that you cannot save yourselves, nor help Him to save you. He must be alone your saviour. 2\. Bat we have heard this self-same state ment at other times, when we hare greatly deplored it: "All hope that wc should be saved was taken away from ns." I have •beard some such lamentation as this from \- men who had ho self- righteousness, but who bad fallen into despair. They had perhaps jCHamitted some very gross act of sis. Perhaps they had been guilty of stifling- conscience, or possibly thoy had grown cureless -while hear ing the Word, and they had gradually •wrought themselves into the belief that they must be lost. I meet with many—not so very many, but still with many—whose .prevalent thought with regard to religion is, " All hope that I shall ever be saved is taken away from me!" My dear friend, are you here to night? I should like to take you by the hand and speak very familiarly with you, for I im verv, very sorry to. hear von talk so. Co-r- Aa nnf «««> it TWa i« «r, W»" for Kay, do not say, " There is no hope," for, possibly — and this would he almost as bad—if you say, "There is no hope," you will keep on coming out of custom, but you won'tlisten with any attention, because yon will feel, "It isno good." I heard of a boy who leaned forward to catch every word of the preacher; and his mother said to him, "William, what makes-you' so;very atten tive ?M "Because," said the hoy, "our minister said that if there was a sentence in the sermon that was likely to do /us good, Satan wiould try so that we should not hear it, and therefore iwant 'to "hear all that is said, the hope that Godmay Hlessme." ' :• 3\. I pass on to the'last phase of this cry. At times!have heard the exclamation, " All hope that we should be * saved is taken awuy," when I have sympathised in it— sympathised with those who uttered it, be cause not cmce, nor twice, bnt inany a time, have I felt the same. Children of God do not always find it smooth sailing. Even in the good bark of Christ crucified there are storms. Christ may be in the vessel, hut He may be asleep, and the sbip may be-tossed with the tempest. 1 shall describe with great "brevity what I believe to be with some Christians a frequent experience. The light of God's counteuauce is taken away from us. We were sitting yesterday at the banquet of wine with Christ, with Bus banner of love waving over us, and now to-day we cry, "He hath~brought me into darkness, not into light I He hath turned against me His fierce anger! Oh that I knew where I might find Him, that I might come even to-His feet, for truly He is turned against me, and He smites me with a heavy hand!" At such seasons It will hap pen that our graces will refuse "to act. Xike some flowers that shut up their cups when the sun is gone, so -will our. love and our faith shut themselves up. They, are re flectors 7 when them is no light without they cannot reflect any within. I have known 7hat it is to search my heart through and through without bring able to discover any spark of love to Jesus Christ , in it; ay, and to bring ray soul to the closest investigation, with diligent inquiry asking, "Is this faith, nr is if TffMttmnKnt. T« if Moll.. or is it presumption ?" Is it really trusting in Christ, or is it all a fond persuasion of my own—an unwarranted confidence, a false security? At such times you may rest assured that the devil will cast in suggestions to torment us. He is an old coward; he always strikes the saints when they are down. Peradvcnture, at that very minute we are assailed with some temporal trouble, and when spiritual trouble and temporal trouble come together and two seas meet— ah, it is hard for the poor barque to keep above the water at all. "Well, but cannot we turn to prayer at such times as that? , Yes, brethren, and that is the only thing we can do. When we are so down in the dust, so crashed, and broken, and bruised, that we could not put half-a dozen sentences together, and would not dare to utter even one as children of God, we may . stni come as sinners and say, "Hard, receive a poor worm of the dust, and If I never was Thy child yet, make me one now. Take rue justaslau! I come toTheejustas I thought I did before, and, sink or swim, T rest my guilty soul on Christ." Now, why I have introduced this at all is just this: There are many young believers who get into such a squill, and do not know what to make of It. They say, "Why, had I been a child of God I could not have drifted into this frightful tempest." How sayest thou so ? Hid not Bavid go through it ? He said, "All Thy waves and Thy billows have gone over me." You must be very little acquainted with the history of the people of God if you think that they are strangers to these conflicts. There are some old mariners here that I could call up into the pulpit, if it were needed, to tell you that they have done business on great waters many years, and they have encountered many storms. You cannot expect to "be upon these «eos and not have tossing* to und fro sometimes. Tho strongest faith that ever was in this world has sometimes faltered. Bat this is the point, dear brothers and sisters—no soul that rests in Jesus will ever be wrecked. You may have the tempests and tossing*, hut you will come to land; be sure of that. The old stcgy tells us of Gtesar in the storm, when he said to the trembling captain, "Fear not! Thou earnest Ctesar and all his fortunes!" Now, Christ is in the same boat with allHispeople. If one of TTi« members can perish, He must perish too. " Strong language I " say you. Well, it is all in that verse—"Because l| live ye shall live also." Tou. know, if-you hare gob a man and you put. him m the water, as long as liis head ia'ubove the water you cannot drown him. There are his feet down in the mud—they will nut drown, and lie cannot drown. There arc his hands in the cold stream—the hands are not drowned, cannot he, because his head is all safe. How look at our glorious Head. See where He is exalted in the highest heavens, at the right "hand of the Father. The "devil cannot drawn me, and cannot drown you, if' you are a member of Christ's body, because your Head is safe. Tour Head is safe and you are safe too. Rest you in this : that, your faith may be shaken, bat it cannot be destroyed if you are resting upon Christ. Yonrlittle temporary foundations that may have overlaiu Christ may move, bat the rock of Christ Jesns never can. You;remeraber ilr.' James Smith telling a story of a good woman whom he visited upon her dying bed. He: said to her, "Well,-my sister, how are yon ? Areyour spirits good?" "Yes," she said,. ^ ' r \- . ".The Gospel bears my spirit up ;. A faithful and unoSanging God .. ' Xays the foundation of my hope In oaths, and promises, and blood." ■ "Bat," said the minister, "don't" you feel yourself Very sinking?" "Sir," she said, with surprise, " what do you say ?" He repeated his question, "Don't you feel your self in these rimes . weak and sinking ?" Sh^saidto him, " ifiaistcr, I would hot have belieVed that you wonld have put such a question, bnt as,you have I must answer it. "What do you "say ? Sinking ! sinking ! Did you ever hear of anyone sink ing through a rack? .If, I stood upon the sand I might sink, bat, .-standing upon the Rock how can! sink?" Glory be to God in Christ, we are on thut'Rock, and- sinking thero is none for us.- , God bring .you all there, aud to Him shall bo the praise for ever and ever.. • An^n,- . - ^ The number of persons who have visited Carlyle's house at. Chelsea since July :21 lost year, when it was opened, is returned at 4,400. 