CASE OF INVOLUNTARY PERSONATION. CAPTEP. VII. BomWLY, with lagging footsteps and eyes bent on the gruond, a tall, fair girl, slenderly built and neatly though simply clad, moved along the loaf strewn pavement of a quiet road in the neighbourhood of Swiss Cottage, a road known locally as Lime Avenue, the name owing its origin to its double row of lime-trees that some sensible person or perpont had caused to be planted on either side of the way, bordering tle-pavenient with a broad fringe of shade. A pleasant walk it was at any time; in spring, when the bidding boughe began to show their first tender shoots of vivid green; in summer, when the, large flapping leaves cast a cool, dim shade over the iron seats placed at intervals underneath-the haunt of nursemaids and their charges during the day, the favourite rendezvous of shop-girls and their sweethearts when the soft summer dusk made the long, leafy vista of -shadowy verdure, veiled by the misty haze of London smoke, appear quite a romantic meeting.place, worthy of the old-world lovers of Verona. • Even now, at the close of Septem. her, Lime Avenue had a charm and beauty of its own, though the charm was one .whichlgould hardly be ex peeted to.appeal to such a very young girl: as the one- who now advanced with pensive face and weary listless footstep, looking neither to the right nor to the left. Perhaps indeed-for there are cer tain natures acutely sensitive to re ceive impressions from outward in fluences-perhaps it was only the sound of the leaves as they fell shivering to her feet, the moaning of the melancholy wind as it swayed the bare branches with its chill, pitiless breath; or perhaps it was the profound stillness of the air, that strange, deep, humid hush that never comes till the summer is dying and is so indescribably moornful that has brought such sadness into the downcast eyes of the young pedestrian and called such a shadow across her lovely lily-pale face. Whatever the cause might be, it was plainly evident that the girl was suffering from extreme mental do. preesion. The day had been a dull and cloudy one. Since dawn not a ray of sunlight had pierced the dia mal drab of the London sky. Throughout the morning a fine, al most imperceptible rain had drizzled through the misty air, soaking the sodden leaves, and saturating the atmosphere with that damp that peno trates to the very bone and makes a fireside and a lamp appear the most desirable things on earth. The drizrle had ceased at the hour when the sun, if he had not been too lazy to rise, would in accordance with his usual habits, have set. Still the seats under the lime-trees were far from dry, recciving, as they did, the drops of moisture that drip-drip dripped with a dismal monotony from the yellow leaves that yet clung to the naked boughs-- for autumn had set in early this year-and it was scarcely wise of the young girl to choose such a EspOt in such an hour to rest. But Florrie-for she it was-had no mother or sister to warn her of the danger to which she was exposing herself, and even Daphne had gone away and left her. Never had she felt more desolate, more ut terly sorrowful than she did in this combre twilight closing of a dismal autumnal day. So sad-so full of trouble-so tired of life, and only seventeen I A long bitter sigh escaped her. She drew an envelope from her pocket, end taking out the letter it contained road it for, perhaps, the twentieth time.- She had found it waiting for her :at the lodging in Acacia Crescent that she shared with Daphue Doyle, on her return home the previous evening from her sitting at Claude Dennis's studio in the Bel size Park Road. A thunderbolt falling at her feet could hardly have startled her more. Gentle as she was, Florris resented her friend's abhaviour as unfriendly, and felt that she herself had been un fairly treated. Why could not Daphne have told her on the previous morning of her possible departure ? The letter ran as follows : Acacia Crescent, Wdnesday feternoor. My Deer Florrie,--WhIn you lud this lI h~alt ba er t way coln London. Forgive oy abrnpt departure witleont " good-by." I1 I coltd hlavo colided min you anud prepared you for my going ar~ay I wrouldl have done so. Botliso me it was out of the questin--I was bound over to scorecoy. Te mystery thatn vihroeds my birtlh ncd the past of my parents cetme about to be clehred up. I cannot ex plain nown. I nact in blind implisit obedience to the one abho bhas nndertakun to provo'my identity, sud pIusily plaeo me in a positiuo, not only ol independouec, but ol raso sanid tllueocce. It eppeare that my prentros were-or it is all but proved they were--people of hiih rank. My father is not dead, as I believed, but ocenpies a very ehigh tor=itiin in te?r world. It is to ose him that I am leavsingc L, ndon. Should he ncknowledge me an tlhe deanghter he her, it appears, been looking for vaeely for the last ten or twelve years, and sthule be ofleor me a pareut's welcome to tha homr thsat slould salways have been mine bat tor my mother' pridns nnd trtly, I will weitl to yoS again and nbk yoe come snd ahbare wvithl me my nea prosperity. Or the other habd, sbould ho relnso to reerrogniso me, I ibsrd not coJnst mcy olaim; I easll retour at once to Acacia Crecornt. I ehave paid two monbthe' rent in advaneo encloueod is tbeo receipt. I happened to be rather efluh, so was able to olear up every tbing. Spptesincg that I tall in my present nndecttkirgr, ire will, whenbc I come baeck, nmove to theI neihboerhoe d of Earl' Court. I kunwr ot several artisti in KensIcington who pay their models swice as mneh ro whatl eieler you or 5 oan eare il St. Joeu's WYUod. In the meantemr yon hlvoe money in handr to keep ysoursrlt o~oleetoretlly, and yeou will liod a tore of three sovsoroigan and some slrvr in lothe old hiding.pleeao yon bnow of. L~ng Ifrcrrc tihatr is e exhauetrd yea e ill re-c ceive fu LrtheCr remittance, 0or an ieenvitlio to jin mrire w mre I am going and Ilhope to say ; or abonlhl the worst aoelll to tCIa worst, I sbal turn up elunine lil;e lthe bad peeny thnt I D5r5cns DoIrt. Very, very desolateo did poor Florrio fooel in hler lonely lodlging. Iuepolledl by ant impulsiv?e longing to confide in somebody, sheli had lshown the letter to Claude Deeeis at thie olos of tihe afternoon sitting. The sculplor hadl said very little, burt loteked very grave, "Daphne is still very wild and orrati ; she is more tili an elf or a wood.nymph than a reponCiblo human being; but she has an excellent heart," he had said. " You must not fret, Florrie; have patience and wait. Before the week is oct you will Ece her back again, or I shall be very greatly surprised." Then after a moment's hesitation he added in a whisper that shook with suppressed passion. "Give up this straggle for life, Florrie, my darling ; you are not fitted to face the world alone. Come to my arms, heart's dearest; they shall shield you from all trouble. You talk of a shadow-but surely you are not going to allow a shadow to come between us and blot out all the suan shine that love could bring into both our lives." For a moment poor Florrie had felt she must yield. She was so tired, so sad. Claude was right. She lacked the strength to stand alone and fight the cruel battle of life. For just the space of a second she all but succumbed to the temptation; then the words Dan lfurdoch had whispered in her ear that summer afternoon on the beach of St. Elmo's Bay, returned to her memory. She was not only homeless, a pauper, but nameless-a waif on the world's highway-and he, Claude, was a rising soulptor. The critics spoke of him as a coming man and acknowledged his genius. Might it not some day spoil his career were it to be known, just when he had reached the zenith of his fame, that he had married a girl without a name? That thought decided Florrio. Out of the greatness and unselfishness of her love grew the courage to be strong. With both her bands elapsed tightly against her heart, and her eyes averted, so that he could not see the tears that cost her such an effort to keep back, the brave, noble child valiantly put happiness away from her once more in a voice that, faint as it was rang firmly in refusal, she told him she could never be his wife. With a gesture of supreme despair he had flung the broehess he held in his hand far from him, and crossing the studio stood, his back turned to wards her, gazing moodily out of the window. Ooe moment she paused, faltering. Mutely she stretched out her arms to wards him, with agonised eyes full of yearning compassion she might re press, but had not the power to silence. How she longed to comfort him. But alas I as the longing rose she realised that she-out of all the world of women-was the very one who must not attempt to heal the wound duty had caused her unwillingly to inflict. So, with a smothered sob and one backward, passionately grieving, wist ful glance, she stole out of the studio, and left the man sheo loved better than her life to fight with his sorrow and despair alone. And now that it was over, the re action set in, and with it despon dency took possession of her. In this mad mood she sank on to a seat under the limes in the fading light, and let the leaves and the drip of the rain drops fall upon her, uunheeding what happened to her; almost wishing that her joyless life might close with the closing day, so sad, so tired, so hope less did she feel. So deeply plunged was she in her unhappy thoughts that she was un conscious of the tears that, unchecked, conraed each other down her lovely, pale cheeks; nor was she aware of the presence of a person who stood almost in front of her, looking at the lonely, pathetic little figure with eyes in which pity end admiration were mingled, with an expression of startled perplexity. The person was a woman, wearing the garb of a sister of mercy, all black with thebo exception of a largo crimson cross that was stitched upon the left ahoulder. She appeared to be be tween thirty-slx end forty years of age. Her face, in spite of the wrinkles that broke up the smoothness of the brow, and that it required but one glance to see were premature, pro bably caused by suffering or sorrow, was that of a woman still in the prime of lifo, who might well look oldelor than abshe was. The hair-what could be seen of it under the closely-fitting hands of the unn's head-gear-was silvery white, and waved in pretty ripples round the broad, low brow. From the extreme regularity of t?o fino, deo. licato features, the shapo of the eye, now sunkeuLn but still brilliant, the line of the perfect, thouigh rather sharp profile, it was evident thst this sister of thle crimsoa cross must in hier girl hood have been endowed with beauty of the very highest order. "You seem unhappy, my poor child," she said in a soft low musical voice, as shlo drew near to tihe weep. ing girl, and took a seat beside her. "I will not apologis for speaking to you-a completo stranger--for as you soo by my dress it is my mission to offor consolation and loead those whom this cruel world has wounded to the heavenly Healer. I don't want oithoer to pry into your affairs; but per. haps you are friendless and in trouble; and without knowing oven your name, I might, if only in passing, help you with counsel, or even assist you if you are in poverty." "Oh I how hind, how good you are," cried Florrieo, smiling faintly through her tears at tihe sweeoot-faced " sister" beside her. " I Ilave no reason to conceal moy name, and I confess I am in trouble; but my trouble is not so much my poverty, for I am earning plenty of money just at presoent, as it is perplexity." " Have you no friends, my poor girl ?" " I hadi--the old man who adopted me. lHe was kind as tihe moist indul goet of fathers to mo till hie died quite sudldenly, and thoen I was hosleoss and pIsennileso, and I name to London to find employment." "And you have feound it 2" " Yes. It is not quite the sort of work l had wished for; hbt it in not unplaesant aso I lthought it wouhld ie, anid beIoggars oan't be choosnorsi, you know, so of course I am tshankful." "What is your worki, my child ?" "II am an artist's model." ' Ah II nee. I quito understand your reloulance to iadopt snclh a--cal ling. It muEt prove a great strain upon your Ftreogth, especially as you have never been trained to it. As fcr the rest, of course, it depends greatly upon the chara:ter of the artist weho engages your services." " That is so," replied Florrie, her pale cheeks glowing suddesily as red as a red, red rose, and her eyelids dropping. "In that respect I have no cause for complaint. The saulptor to whom I am sitting is everything that is kind and considerate; but there are difficulties even here. "I lodged with another model, a beautiful young girl, who was very kind to me, and for a fortnight we were quite happy. Then all of a sudden Daphne grew very strange. She would sit for half an hour at a time silent, lost in thought; she was moody, capricious; now laughing and singing at the top of her voice-now melancholy, almost sombre or in tears. " This lasted for about ten days; then, last night, when I returned from my sitting at the studio, I found that Dapbne had disappeared, and that this letter awaited me. You can read it-if you care to," said Florrie hand ing the missive she already know by heart to the kind-faced sister. The latter took it-then, as she unfolded it, hesitated. " Are you sure that you wish me to read it? Remember I am a total stranger to you. In return for all your confidences, which I pledge my self to respect, I can only tell you that I am dead to the world, as completely dead," she added, in a tone of such sorrowful bitterness as thrilled her young listener to the heart, " as if I had been laid to my last rest beneath the burial sod, and the only name by which I am or ever shall be known on earth is Sister Dolorosa. Now think for a moment, dear. If you alter your mind and take back the letter I shall not be in the least offended." " Oh I but I don't want to alter my mind. Please read it. It certainly is rather a mysterious missive, but there is nothing in it I have any reason to keep secret." Sister Dolorosa took the letter and glanced along the lines. Suddenly her pale face flushed. Keenly she glanced from the open sheet she held in her hand to the girl sitting by her side. " Is your name Florence ?" " Yes, Florence Thornley." " Did you ever live at Cliff Hollow Farm, St. Elmo, Cornwall ?" " That was my home till a month ago, when the kind old man, Amos Penfold, who adopted me died." "How strange," murmured the sister of the Crimson Cross, " what freaks fate--" " What is strange ?" asked Florrie. " Nothing -only - I once knew someone of that name, and you are so like her-the ghost of her in her girl hood." " Read the letter, please, and tell me what you think of it." Sister Dolorosa did so. When she had finished it she returned it to the young girl without a word of com ment. For some moments she sat pensive, then, raising her eyes, she said : " It is not right that you should live alone. You are too young. Will you come with me and stay at the Home. 1 can offer you a shelter and a wel come. There are twelve of us. We are known :s the ' Sisters of the Crimson Cross.' We are -all of us gentlewomen. We are bound by no vows, no impassible rules. We are members of the Church of England not Catholics, as you might suppose. We are each of us free to depart when we please ; but it is considered as a point of courtesy between us to give three months' notice previous to with drawal. " We are very happy together. Perhaps you, being young, would deem the life dull ; but when you are older you will find there is no happi. ness so great as that of alleviating the sufferings of others. Come to us, dear child. You are far too young and inexperienced, and my child-it is only right I should speak frankly- you are far too pretty to live alone. Will you come ?" " I am very gratefun," said Florrie, indeed I am ; buit-, should I bhe free to go in and out and earn my own living independently, as I am doing now 2" " Of course you would, dear- sub ject to certain rules, the most strin gent of which is that no member of the household shall fail to be indooras by nine p.mn." " Oh I l should never want to be out after six or seven at the latest." "Then in that ease, fetch your luggage and come to this address-or stay ; if you prefer it, I will accompany you." Florrio'e face, that had clouded over, suddenly looked relieved. "I should certainly prefer that," shelo answered. "I am so horribly afraid of the landlady at our lodgings. She is so violent and abusive at times, thoughl she has never said much to me. She cannot boar her lodgers to leave." Sister Dolorosa smiled and laid a gentle protecting hand on the girl's shonlder. "I will come with you to Acacia Oresoont, my child, and to-night you shalel sloop at the ' Home of the Sisters of the Crimnson Gross.' " Florrio looked at the kindly aeoo of theo Anglican non that was so worn and yet so beautiful; and, that one glaneo eatisfying hler, she laid her head against thioterDoloresoa's shonlder and olapeod her strong, lwhito hand. " How lhind you are to me. I will do whatever you toll me," she mur murred. "I feol already as if I had knotwn you for years, almost as if you were my mother." At tlheso words the sister started, and grow pale ; then, collecting hor self, she asid caluly: " I wish to be a mother to yon, my poor, mothllerless, lonely child. Come lhome with me, and, if you cannot find hlnppinceas with eus, you lshall at least find peacs. IBut now we had bettor holeaving. It retally weas very imprudent to remain on this damp seat so long." They ros--the girl and the woman, whoe offered srtleoh contrast to eaolch othcr-and wall:ed along the loaf. strewn avenue eide by eide in the gathering autu'mnal duEk. The rind meaning through the lime bonugh deadened all other ronnds; else etrd1y they must have heard the echo of mocking laughter that came from behind the trees beneath which they had been sitting; and had they loaked back, they could hardly have helped teeing the fiendish face of a mau gazing after them with glittering, cruel ey e, ac he muttered : " Again fate plays into my hands Nothing I could have hoped for erould have served my purpose half as well as thie. The old girl takes the young girl to the convent, and they'll makea nun of the young girl between them be. fore the year is out. Shoe' jut the sort -romantic, emotional, and excitable. They'll work on her feelings, till he goes on her knees and prays to be. come a novice, and then-the rest is a matter of time. Splendid I Nothing could have happened that would better soit my purpose. Ha! hal" and with another devil's laugh the dark, evil face of Dan Murdoch disappeared. (To bt coltinued.) -··-- -- ---------.-. __._~_ ----~ 