A Terrible Night. . They Bay old l'reswiok was buried alive.' ' Burind alive!' exclaimed Ned Doultcn, in horror. 'Perhaps att-r all, the children vera wrong,' said KeBteron, after a pause. ' But surely yau should know. Surely you should have found out for certain. I don't mean you particularly Totn i I mean everybody in the parish. Then Keeteven made a propositi that they ehould for.n ft party, proceed to the churchyard, and open old Prest wick's grave. Startling aa this wm, Ueultoa eagerly agreed to it lie would hare set about it instantly, and was with the greatest difficulty per suaded to wait and get something to eat, for he had just returned from a long and tiring journey. But in order that wo time ehould be lost, it was ar ranged between them that Keeteven was to collect a patty with all pos sible speed, and when ready with picks and spades was to call at tho farm on the way lo the churchyard. The been left to Ned Doulton hj hu unsle. It oonsietea of tWhouse Bttll about 100 acres of land, out of which he managed to make a comfortable living. Except for the deaf 4>)ji woman who attended to hie Wants, fie.daelt entirely alone. ? Walt-an-liour passed by, and yet KenttTen did not return. Doulton who h«d been fidgeting about for some, ti ne could restrain his impatence to longer. He caught up his bat, and « Lhrougfi the little tront garden tothe wicket- Rate. . , It wa«a ftil', fwsty nijht, the sky siaddfd with big *tare, and the new moon just rising. Imvnt'y though Douit n listened, ho . ould not hear anything like an approaohing footstep- He felt com 1iet.ed.to du eonu'thittg.so he ran hick indoors and feic! »J a nick. ,Tyst a» he teachcd the gate agaln, a ynunK man with a spade over his «li"ut d«T leaped over a s-ile a short distance nlo<g*he road. »!«that-vou, Tom ? ahoutaa Doul ton. «<Wl«p.t a time you've beep, man! it's you, Murphy, is it? Where is Tom Kepttrvt-o t' Murphy who wm sltott And fat, wm blowing ob If ho ha I been running for hU life. . 'Tom won't be long at-jr us, he panted. ' He said we were t> go on ahead.' .Oome on, thro,' oil Douiton, and and *t ode ihi nt audi a paoe that his c>nnp»nii»n c-iuld hardly keep up with him. 'What's hindering Tom?' he asked presently. .HV« getting the lads together, was the anever T,he road, sloping gradually up 3J»>idB(liTtii4ed a broad valley. Trte< interlaced overhead, but tho two gained the higher ground beyond. ' Can tt beirue^ do you think ?' de Tnan^dPttnlton. 3f*nhMt&the; sound« myfplf.' M! then,' cried Doulton, * JOB desefve ti lie where he is lying now.*0 ' f , ' . AOThewtnbst ran up the steep hill DD which filood the church. had all along shown a d.e 'fiodfttm to Ug behind. It grew more manifest aa the? approachcd their deitiiiarion: He ke'pt begging Doul Ii'm speed, but was enei^sd.WRepme' roughly and eome timWnoiai.all. - .We -riM'ta thtre bsfore Tom overtakes as,' he said. .Pf demanded Doul ton. ' Wo can begin without him. It may be ¥ matter «f moments.' 'But the ground Is frozen. We can't do, anything good by onrseHes.' Doulton turned round and stared nt h m. , .. 4 Why,min, you're not afraid, are yon ?' So aaid angrily. ' It sound* as ifyon were.' The valley was tilled with a dense grey miat l;ke some bread sheet ot ceitieu . water, and here and there through it peered the tops of the trees.. In the distanee was a range of inbiijifains, a jagged line against the etarryeky, In the foreground, crowd ing the summit of a Weak hill, roBe the cburcV). In consequence of the tnist every thing had a weir J, unreal look It would hfve been easy to imagine a ghost walking among those spectral tombstones. In spite of Doulton'e resolute bear ing he oould not help shivering. I oan'fc see any sign of Tom and the | others,' said he. . Nor can I,' said Murphy. But instead of look ng back along the rood by which tho party mu«t come, he let his eyes roam uneasily round the churohyard. ' It ia strange,' muttered Doulton, 'Tom is not usually a coward, yet this looks very much like it. Where tra« I'reswlck buried ?' . I am not sure.' ' Then wo must find out at onco,' eaid Doulton, and made for the newer part of the churchyard, which was on the lower ground-on the slope of the hill. But on the way he was e'xuck by the attitude of the sheep. > Wiiat can have frightened them J he asked. , , .Maybe they've henrdsomething, suggested Murphy. The mere possibility was enough to thrill Doulton with horror. He stood for a noment helpless; then sprang forward and tore along at such a rate that his companion was lift far behind. When Murphy arrived he found Doulton standing between two graven which were evidently new. For tho giUfis around woe sprinkled with yelluiv turf, and the soda wliicb had been placed upon the mounds did not com pletely corn tbto- vbere were g»ps between. The question teas: whieli of those two graves was I lie rigl.t one V (a a hoarse whisper Doulton put it 11 Murphy. ' This ono,' wa9 the iva<ly ansvrvr. ' i remember it now.' Doulton bei.t down bio head to lis ttn. ' Do jo i hour any tiling ?' hnailcpd in the same horn-so whisper. ' Hist man ! Stand st'II, can't vou ? ' Suldcnly every paiticlu ot colour fled from his face. For a dull xoun I of knocking, coming from aomewhe e beneath the earth, f jll upon his ears. Thud- thud-thud ! He heard it m st distinctly in the stillness o' fie nigh*., and each thud smile like a blow froin an iron hand, so fint lie t 'tt >r< d, .in i but for a tremendous effort uf the will would liava £jller>. The round ceased. Hut Murphy, with a loud yell, took to his heels aud mid- for the £ute. The eight of his companion retreat ing with the spade, the only one they hod between them, r.iuscd Uoulton to activity. He droppe 1 hi* pie'e on I rail after Murphy, hU long leg* carry ing him over the craves at a terrific speed. As they riccd tlirougli tln< night, strange sound-! seemed :o come ftom different parts of the churchyard, sounds which certainly wo il I li iv nn creised tho yo ing f ir ner'a alarm had he > ot been eo absorbed in t' e pursuit. The shorter and stouter man lial tin chance against him. Hard though Murphy ran, he W.is coon overtake :. Aheaiyhand seized him byiheco' lar and vi ilently arretted his (lielit, while an angry voice shout d at liiin every manner of opprobr.'oia epitlie'. The next moment he wis Mug dngged back towards the spot which be bad so hastily left. 'Let me alone,' he qa<iped; I'm choking. I'll come by myself. Hands off Ned, I say.' But Doulton cried: ' You w.>ulJ have letr, me without as much as u spade. You a-o as bad as the rest, Kesteven and the cowards with hiin. You are wor<<e, fnr you heard the knocking. But you dial! hilp. He may be dead now." And at the ilnuj;ht he tore along faster than ever, dragging Mu-phy with him. It was not until they agaia st lod br the side of the grave that be !o)sed his grasp. Then he bent his head over a mound, and in an awed VjH-e raid : . Listen!' There thly were again-the same dull, dead sounds. Thud-thud-thud An expression of unspeakable relief lighted up Dju'ton'a rugged face. He caught up his pick, swung it 011 high, and then brought it down with all his might. Again, and again, and again he repeated the action. The soil, though hard on top, was soft enough below ; lie displaced the frozen turf, and plying his pick with extraordinary energy, coon raised the mound to the level of the grass around. ' Quick with your spade, man,' he cried to Murphy. ' Don't stand Hiring there.' But Mili{>liy nerer et'rred. Doulton hewed on, the perspiration streaming down his face as he wnrkpd. But of a sudden the pick was arrested ill mid-air. For there came a startling sound from the earth close by. The next moment the neighbouring mound burst open, the eode which had corer ed it ilying about on all sides, while in the mist appeared.a figure olad in white, sitting, as it seemed, in a shallow grave. Doulton'g jaw dropped, and he stared glasny-ayed. The pick full from his trembling hands, crashing down upon the apparition. He could only watch, unable to stir hand or foot. He atood like a statue carved out of stone, motionleftR even when that sharp cry of agony died away. And now fromall parts of the church yard shadowy figures leaping over the wall, came hurrying through the deep ening mist, bounding and shouting like maniacs. The sheep, terrified by tfata new invasion, broke away from their dietant corner, and ran us if tliey were possessed, making for a gap in (he wall, through wh eh t'ipy phot in a mass ; then away down the h<ll until the sea of mier in the valley ewallowed them up The adrancing Gguron were young farmers and others belonging to t!ie opigliboiirliool, all of them in high glee, lor this woe a hiuh joke tlwj- had played upon stupid old Nod Doulton. It had been suggested by To"i Ke* teven. At his iontigat:oji they had placed him in a long coffin-HUc box, perforated no thit he xliould no diffi culty in breatiiing ; they had laid the box in the oimr^hyurd and hid p.utly covrrjd it with sods. The victim of this forry joke was to be N> d Doul ton, whose morbid hoiror of being buried alive was well known. It wm partly thi-t fact that suggested the idea, and partly t'ie roport. that Pres wick, an old man who had been buried that morning, was not notuallv dead. So while Murphy was sent to fetch Doulton, his fellow-conspirators made their grim preparations, and now, shouting their laughter, tlioy came hurrying to witness the result. The sight of Doullon's .rigid atti t de chilled them a little. Next, as thoy clustered round they looked at Kesteven and perceived ihut be was lying on his side beneath the heavy pick. Then, ai if one impuls? moved tf-em all, tkeir gaze was turned upon Murphy's face, fir whiter than mist and moan could have m ide it, and the hoiror that they saw in it was itnmedi. nt.'ly reflected in their own ficei. They were siloat now and motionless alio. JJu pr;8. ntlp one of thain sla nacrjd 1 Wba:1* up, Tom, lal V Tom Kesteven made no answer. 'J'liey turned liiin over, >Litl in the white sheet in which thov h«l wi.ip. pad him, and found tliat he wia dead. Th» piek had b.okn bit skull A dull enunil cniui' from the earth beneath t.licir f.;et. Tlio old njxton was at this moment toilinir up the hill. Linn; down in the valley lie luid sqimi tlie sheep gn past, and Hid coinn t> find out what had friightened them. Me joined the group nnd became a witness to the weird scone which lie could not under stand. But before much explanation could be give i to him, the sama ilull sound was repeated. Instantly he caught its significance. ' Then it was true !' ho criW. ' Old l're^wiolt was nit dead. Hn is .".live now. Quick lad*, for v >ur lir.-s !' Many spades were soon forthcoming, and were bein* plied with mi^ht an f main. Hut all w.istookt-. 01.1 Pees wick was certainly df ad when the cof fin was opened, though there were un mistakable sijjnB that he had very r.' ccntly been alive. Tlii" horror at l*a«t was spared from poor Doulton Fur lie never knew it; ho died in an asy lum. 