PERSONALITIES. The Register is 60 years old. _ Dry blowing—Boasting in an empty brewery. South Australians hold two-fifths of the Great Boulder Mine. Tumors on the arm are AUerdale Grainger's latest trouble. A syndicate ought very frequently to be known as a swindlecate. Great Boulder crushing under 4 oas. This makes the investor blink. Tattersall Adams is going into the Music Hall business in Sydney. Switzerland and Austria now tax all foreign newspapers and journals. Baron Hirach receives as many as four hundred begging letters a day. Cyclist Parsons leaves for England with Royal, bis trainer, next month. No. 2 Room of the Stock Exchange is known as the "Chamber of Horror Bradford, Loates, and Woodburn, the three English crack jockeys, are enthusiastic cyclists. A Sydney critic writes " Fred Duncan thou Id try something easier than 'The Holy City.' " The most popular man among Port Augusta people just now is Railway Commissioner Pendleton. There are some people who profess to think that Dr. Hay ward's name should be started with a " W." The Wallaroo and Moonta Mining Company has in its day paid about a million pounds in dividends. There are only four Queen's Counsel in S nth Austi alia—Sir John Downer, 43ymon, Kingston, and Nesbit. A pipe, according to Nesbit, Q.C., is the only rival a woman has, because she cannot scratch its eyes out. There are between 150 and 160 children of a school-going age in Kal goorlie But there is no school. The Queen personally taught all her children the catechism. That is why Wales is such a good young man. The festive 1.0.17. was more pro minent than mining scrip in certain quarters on the Exchange last week. Barker, the Labor candidate for Albert, is described as a "clear, logical, vigorous, and fluent" speaker. Whenever Quiz drops upon the Detective Force, the " Foorce" arouses itself like one man and does something. AUerdale Grainger had a stormy time of it at his opening election meeting. Ally, however, is used to rows. In India, every resident must, under the penalty of a fine, have his name written up at the entrance to his hoase. (C Stay where you are for the present/ appears to be good advice to people contemplating a journey to the West. Nesbit, Q.C., is an excellent German scholar. He has been giving reci tations in German to the Barossa electors. Captain Treloar is going to place some Blumberg mines on the London market. The South Australian Ben digo is coming on fast. The publishers announce that Mr. G. H. Cossins' forthcoming work. u Isban- Israel," is as thrilling a story as Rider Haggard's " She." There appears to be some tall swea ring going on in Gawler. The editor of the local paper declines to decide who is the Annanias. Town Clerk Woranop is going to attend a conference of librarians in Melbourne. He will take his " History of Adelaide" along with him. A Lyndoch election meeting recently adjourned in a body for refreshments, after which the candidate proceeded cheerily on his oratorical way. A limelight entertainment entitled a The Whisky War " is the latest in temperance circles. It has a tendency to provoke an alarming thirst. Only one mouth's supply of water for the city. How is the time for the rainmakers to come along, but they can't see the clouds in the west yet. The South Australian Hotel now boasts a large room capable of accom modating 120 p rsons, and eminently suitable for socials and such like functions. Mr. Edwin J. Brett, who was the proprietor of the Boys op England and similar periodicals, left; a fortune of over £70f000^ His will consisted of 15,000 words. ■ $ The W.C T.U. want hotel bars closed on election days. Do they propose to compensate the publicans 1 Wfcy do not the W.C.T.U. get a little horse sense ? One official in the Government service is said to tout for work for a relative who is outside the service, and the relatives rivals in business are an noyed thereat. Messrs. Baker & Bouse are now advertising a pocket kodak, which they style the " Cyclist's companion." Cycling and photography should go hand in hand. The Post Office Savings Bank at Kalgoorlie receives in deposits about £4,000 a week. A similar sum is sent away weekly in money orders to the eastern colonies. The words in Micih i. 10 are in the original a string of puns. They may be rendered thus :—u In Gath do not gab; in Accho do not ache; in the House of Hollo roll." Quiz is in some quarters styled "The Licensed Victuallers' Paper." Well, if Quiz had hal to depend upon the sup port of Boniface he would have given up the ghost long ago. Wilkie Bros., the contractors for the Coolgardie railway, gave £2,000 towards the expenses of the opening demonstration. It must have been a very profitable contract. Tom Glassey, a Labor representa tive, has been elected in Bundaberg, which is a centre of Kanaka labor. This is so far the most significant feature of the Queensland elections. In the New Zealand gaols they will not let a man describe himself as a Freethinker. If he is not an Anglican or a Roman Catholic he is put down in the gaol records as a Presbyterian. ! Supererogatory remark in the Journal's account of the burgling of a pressman's house :—Mr. Johns very rarely leaves money in the house." j No pressman ever leaves money any- j where. A young fellow recently returned from Westralia says that there are numbers of people starving in the West. This rival of Munchausen says in some cases folks are reduced to a diet of blowflies. Someone asks Quiz to advise a certain lawyer not to talk about his business when in a city caf4 or at all events to moderate his tones so that his neighbours need not learn the expectations of bis clients. " Pull devil, pull bakers," accurately describes the Hospital trouble. Which is the devil and which are the bakers is a matter left for the individual taste to determine. You pays your money and you takes your choice. The father of Henry Lawson, the Australian poet, was a Norwegian miner. The real name was Larsen, but it became Anglicised. Henry was born in the Wedding Mountains, New South Wales, 28 years ago. In the Norwegian town of Hauge- sund, which has a population of 6,200, not a drop of spirituous liquor has been sold for 29 years. Dr. Magarey, Mrs. Nicholls, and their followers, will be off to Haugesund shortly. Referring to the contention of the teetotallers that the wine made by Christ was unfermented must, E. P. Nesbit, Q.C., says, " Jesus Christ was a gentleman, and no gentleman would give his guests that rotgut stuff." George Ash writing to a South- Eastern paper on how to vote by post says :—" Inside the voting paper write the names of two candidates, for example—Ash, Handyside." Rather. That is just what George would like. Prince Albert of Monaco has so far overcome his scruples as to give Monte Carlo another fifty years lease of life. The Prince wanted to be moral, but he didn't see where he was going to earn £80,000 a year in an honest manner. Miss Tony Bircher, a daughter of Mrs. Bircher, at one time a hotel keeper in Adelaide, is securing good notices for the artistic use of her " pure fresh voice" in Westralia. Miss Tony was for a while with Pollard's Liliputians. Several small fortunes were made last year out of Broken Hill pro- prietary shares. When the fire was in progress scrip was picked up at thirty shillings, and was afterwards sold at a profit of considerably over a pound a share. In another column will be found the advertisement of the sale of a number of properties which Messrs. Green & Co. will offer to-morrow. Particulars of title may be obtained from the solicitors, Messrs. C. M. and J. B. Muirhead. A nineteen-year old North Adelaide damsel dreamt the other night that a grey horse just beat The Actress on the post in this year's Great Eastern Steeplechase at Oakbank. Punters will please take warning, for a damsel's dreams oft prove a damnsel. Advertisement from tbe Buenos Ayres Standard :—An experienced Australian with good knowledge of cattle and horse business, and having resided some time in the River Plate, is open to engagement for the manage ment or co-operation in an esfcancia." Poor New Australia! There is a probability of the cycling songs from the pen of "Lance Torringtgn," appearing week by week in the columns of Xjuiz, being re published in book form at no distant date. In answer to enquiries it may be stated tnat ~~an Adelaide gentleman. " En route for Goolwa, His Ex cellency talking with Mr. G. H. Hussey, J.P., expressed interest in Port Elliot as a watering place." Now, who could have inspired that paragraph 1 Not Hussey, because he is a Government House economiser. Perhaps the Governor wrote the A well-known resident at the sea side, who has always been accustomed to get out of the Glejnelg train at Miller's Corner on one particular aide, changed the order of his going the other evening, and as a result lost himself. Enquiries from a resident eventually put him on the right track. Pact, Dear Quiz—Did it ever occur to you that this is the time generally adopted to put the screw hard down Oil you if you hold independent political views, and particularly if you happen to express theoa somewhafc freely. At any rate the writer hopes to enlighten your readers on thisvery subject with your kind permission on a future oeca SlOO, -W. 