Kadina & Wallaroo Times KADINA, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 8, 1896. That part of the people that is interested in politics—and we are glad to believe that this includes a good proportion of the public—was provided with plenty of matter for holiday reading and reflection in the policy speech of the Premier. The great meeting in the Adelaide Town Hall on Thursday last was a record. The large attendance is not necessarily to be taken as a gauge of the popu- larity of Mr Kingston, but rather as an indication of the intense public interest in the coming elections. No doubt a great many of the Premier's audience were disappointed, mostly, we hope, pleasantly disappointed at the character of his address. The air was full of "blood and murder." There was the expectation of some- thing spicy in the way of slanging his enemies. But the Premier, with a self control which we hardly thought him capable of, wisely refrained from odious personalities. If he can main- tain the same deportment throughout the election campaign he will rise considerably in the estimation of the soberminded. As for the policy indicated, it is nothing very startling either. For the greater part it might have been summed up in the words, "We will stick to our guns." The last Parlia- ment succeeded in laying some ghosts, but they are to be resurrected. Let us hope that such buried Bills as the Law Reform and Employers Liability will come out of their graves better dressed or they will speedily be sent back again. For the rest there are two points we would draw attention to just now. The first is the finan- cial question. There is no indication in the Premier's speech of a realization of the seriousness of our financial affairs. He tamely says that he hopes to avoid fresh taxation; well, we all hope so too. Why should it be supposed that we must have fresh taxation every new Parliament? But how is the Ministry to avoid fresh taxation if their policy is carried out? Their policy is economy, economy, economy, according to the somewhat worn out gag of the great Greek orator. "This is not idle talk," says the Premier, anticipating such a criti- cism; but we fail to see where there is any indication that the economy of the past is to be continued. For one thing, he says there are to be no more Civil Service reductions; they were adopted as a temporary expe- dient. The lowering of the exemption in the income tax was also a tempo- rary expedient. But experience shows that these temporary expedients become permanent. Suppose, then, that taxation remains as it is, and we have reached the limit of economy, how are the proposed public works to be carried out without fresh loans, which means more interest to be paid. A railway is to be built to Koppe- ramma, deep drainage is to be extended, Adelaide Railway Station improved, Happy Valley Scheme completed, and perhaps a graving dock at Port Adelaide. Where is the money to come from? Add to all this additional expenditure, elections every two years according to the new proposal, and payment of members of a Federal Parliament which, according to Mr Kingston, we must have, and where are we. We shall be glad to hear our talented member Mr Grainger criticise the financial position. The one other point about the Government Policy that calls for very careful considera- tion is this. The everlasting tinkering with the constitution that is going on. Passing over the constitutional altera- tions that will be necessary when Federation comes, the Government bring forward no less than four amendments to the Constitution Act. First there is Legislative Council Reform, a proposal to reduce the qualifications for occupiers from £25 to £15; then a proposal for Elective Ministries, the members of the Execu- tive to be balloted for by Parliament; third, this new-fangled proposal that one member for each district shall retire every two years; and last, but not least, the referendum. We do not discuss these questions at present, but raise a warning note against so much meddling with the constitution of which we, as a colony, are so proud. The financial proposals, the suggested amendments of the consti- tution, and the details of Federation, form the three planks in the policy that require most serious considera- tion. 