SOME SERIOUS DIFFER- ENCES. WE have before pointed out that the existence of the " slump " in London in Westralian shares is attributable to a vast number of distinct causes, each operating inter-dependently. The Venezuelan trouble, the American Presidential election, the Armenian complication, the Transvaal crisis, and the rich discoveries of gold in British Guiana, Columbia, and New Zealand, have all had their share in diverting the current of capital from our shores. Then to this we must add the chaotic condition of our mining laws, which the Government have so far most obstinately declined to amend, and we think that then a sufficiency of reason will have been adduced for the universal depreciation which has taken place in West Australian gold mining stocks. In fact the only wonder is that the existing paralysis of the mineral industry is not complete instead of partial, and that purchasing and the expenditure of capital should not have wholly ceased, testifies in a marked degree the confidence which is still justly reposed by financiers in our mineral wealth. At the same time we must honestly confess that—to put it mildly—John Bull has been extremely unfortunate in some of his ventures, and lie owes his misfortunes mainly to some of those persons whom we censured a few days back. Failures there have been, and failures there wili be, as is always the case in gold mining, but we may be thankful that the proportion of "duffers" actually floated on the London market is so small. What few there are. however, the " bears" of the London market and the Press which they can influence, are availing themselves very fully of, in order to still further depress the market. As our readers wili have gathered from our cables, the financial letters of our London correspondent, and the extracts which we from time to time publish, the leading financial journals express unabated confidence in the future of Western Australia, and take great pains to show from the returns and statistic? available that there exists no real grounds for the panic which seems to* pervade the market. It is left for the smaller fry of capitalistic journalism to decrv these fields, and to issae long and pessimistic diatribes describing the certain disaster which is to overtake those who touch Westralian stocks. The hue and cry is so loud and so persistent as in itself to suggest an ^ulterior motive, but by selecting one or two out of hundreds of mines, and contrasting the opinions of one expert with lln.-e <>f another, some of these pa;ei\s have sue ceded in imparting a cin.uu.- stanliality to their narratives of woe which cannot fail to hare a most depressing effect upon the average British mind, enveloped as it is in dense mists of ignorance concerning most affeirs Australian. It would be useless attempting to traverse the snapping criticism of the ink-slinging curs who yelp at the heels of enterprise, and who live upon the sops thrown from the rich man's table or are extorted from him by blackmail, but when we see a presumably respectable paper like the " Journal of V inance' making detailed statements concerning certain mines, it is for us to enquire as to how far the allegations are true, the more so because certain of the persons mentioned in so uncomplimentary a manner are dwelling amongst us, and may be able to c lfer some explanation which shall rebut the wholesale and severe condemnation to which properties, which are bound up with their professional reputation, have been subjected. The "Journal of Finauce" is just now publishing a series of articles entitled Some Westralian Failures." With extraordinary forbearance they refrain from resurrecting the ghost of the Londonderry, the Lake Austin, the Wealth of Nations, or any of these, and commence with an article on the True Blue mine at Kalgoorlie, and of it say :— We 'ake fcr the first of our series the True Blue (Hannan's) Gold Mining Company, whose £1 shares at one time Btood at £3 8B •Id, and now stand at 7s Cd—a fall of £3 Os lOd. The company was krmei in June, 1895, and tiie amount paid for ihe property was £95,000. In the prospectus which they issued the directors gave several particulars concerning the propeity, which it is appropriate that we should quote, as it will forcibly show how little importance should be attached to the reports of jo-called mining experts, icc. Mr W. W. Appleton, M.A.I,M.E., reporting on the property, sb id that "this mine ought to be. if pioperly handled, one of the bbst dividend-paying claims on the field. I consider it one of the best investments I have seen in the neighborhood, and cen safely recommend it." Another M.A.I.M.E., Mr Frank H. Backhouse, reported that there was " all probability of continuing to depth ;" but, perhaps, in light of recent events, the most astounding astuiance was displayed by Mr Henry E. Hurst, whose report, despite the fact that he was one of the vendors, waB printed in the prospectus. He wrote: " I have theigreatest confidence in stating that, on account of the enormous body of rich stone in sight —which, in my opinion, is unequalled by any mine in the colony, the supply of crushing iratcrial being practically unlimited—I consider the "Tiue Blue" property to be one of the most valuable in West Australia " No less a personage than Mr Alexander Forrest, the Major of Perth, was also interested in the tale of this property, and his view was also iccorporatcd in the piospectus to the effect that he believed it to be " one of the best properties in West Australia," adding "out of eveiy bit of stone we coulddollv goK" Lastly. Dr. Chewinge, who was the expert selected by the Bank of Australasia to _ report upon \he properly, declared his opinion that "the mine is good" and will prove a " prosperous and payable mine." After this recapitulation of ancient history, the " Journal" proceeds to draw a ciihtrast, which even as we have abridged it, i- fur !Y..m plea;am leading. The article proceeds :— Tlie consulting engineeis, &e;?sis. Bainbridie, Seymour & Co., lave reported upon the piopertv. After go ng into the details of the dc elopement they conclude by say. ing i hat " the mine, as it ttands at I lie momen', lies certainly not gor anything payable in sijiht, aril in a comparaiively sboitt'me the whole of the propeity will have been cr< ss-cut from east to west, clearly demonstrating what veins exist" Thfy mention fol vein in the "True Blue." the reef in the " Little Jubihe" shaft, and the lode in the "Jubilee" main shaft west crcss-cut as the only veins which offer any inducement lo prospect. But tven these 'areioiriegular that it is difficult to arrange any systematic scheme for pro- pecting them." What have Mr. AppletoD, Mr Backhouse, Mr Hurst. Mr l'Yrrest Dr Chewings and the other M.A I.M.K.'s to say to this What becomes of ail their coclsuieness—for that is the word which b-st expresses the tenor cf their reports. Vet the directors faid that they taken the "greatest care to satisfy themselves that these reports" were made by "erupttent and reliable f ergons." One more point. Much was made in the prospectus of the fact that the True Blue was bounded on the east by the Brown HiJl Compnnj''s mine, ''the reefs in which tun parallfl with those «>f True Blue pronerty." "The latest reports from the Brown Hill mine are of a highly gratifying nature," added the dir< ctois. Aw in many i ther cases, the True Blue was totally unaffected by the fact that it lay cast of the Brown Hill " Tl e developments ft Hannan's Brownhill," report Messrs. Bain bridge, Fcymour & Co., " have practica ly demonstrated the fact that no prospect exists of their lole passing into your prrperty. at any rate, not at any reasonable depth." As far as CWgardie is concerned, we have no more reason to believe Messrs Bainbridgo, Seymour and Co, than the local experts whose names are mentioned. Father the contrary, for engineers who can satisfy practical mining men of their capabilities es Messrs Chewing < and Backhouse have done for the past three 3eais, should be good enough authorities for London. But the fact remains that (according to the paper we have quoted from) the directors, after expending £!),000, have resolved to spend no more. Neverthe-. less, although the article must have been written over seven weeks ago, the True Blue is still being worked, and only a few days since struck a most copious supply of water, which circumstances indicate the existence of a discrepancy somewhere. The position is rendered more complicated, if possible, by a report from Mr Daniel Rowe, an eminent mining expert, late of the Ferreira Gold Mining Company, who has, within the last few weeks, visited the True Blue mine, which he concludes with the following observations :— 1\. That the position of the True Blue and Jub lee leases, being so near the Hannan's Brown Hill, is a good one ; (2) that the 6trata and the reefs underlie or dip from the Hannan's B.own Hill leeses into the True Blue leases ; (3) that there are at least four gold-bearing reefs in the True Blue lenses, although thin and irregular, and at present not payable ; (4) that the deepest part prospected being only 100ft no ore is justified in saying that the reefs will not increase in size end gold in depth : (5) that the improvement in the country rock in cross ait from shaft £ is a very encoutaging one. and might reveal a payable re e f .at any tirn^ : (ii) that on 'lie wwer line heini )•• acl.eii, i.inl ttiih more selllca couuuy, aa impioveuent may be hok d for ; ana be concludes by saying that, considering the hhove'facts, I am if opii ion that the reefs in the lease will prove payable ona tditional prospecting being done, and gieatcr depth attained " J t is possible that the whole article is written for " bearing " purposes, but the detailed and categorical nature of the charges made should elicit some contradiction or explanation from those concerned. Another property falls under the notice of the " Journal " in a subsequent issue, and forms the theme of the second of the series of condemnations. This, slightly abridged, reads :— Great Fingall lleefs was leistered on the 18th January, 1895, to adopt and carry into effect an agreement made I6th January, 1895, between the l.ondcn and Western Austialian Exploration Company, Limited, or the one part, a"d G. Holbrook, on behalf of the company, on the othe 1 part, to acquire a property of atout 2fi4 a»res known as Great Fingall Beefs, situate at Ejudina in the Kurnalpi division of t lie Coolgardie district of West Aus'ralia, about 150 miles northeast of the town of Cjolgariie. The capital of the company was fix*d at £175,000 in shares of £1 eacb. The highest pi ice touched by the shares was £2 17s 6d, and the present pi ice is 8s thus showing B fall of £2 7s 9d per share. The extent < f the property at ilie time of the company's formation wis about 264 acres ; but it has since sold 96 acres to the Fingall «eefs Extended, and 96 acrc s to thp North Fingall Reefs, and now holds only 72 acres. Let us glance briefly over what was said about the property at the time of the promot it n of the company, and which induced a large number of the public to buy its shares at the inflated lev* 1 at which th< v stood upon the market. These are some extracts from the experts lepor s : "Outcrops of auriferous quartz can be traced with a N.W. and S.E. stiike from one end of the property to the other, and also beyond for long distances." It was reported as having " six reefs running through it for about three miles in length." and these were said to be "of great value." from all theEe reefs " rich samples were obtained, averaging 8oz and lOoz of gold per ton." One cf the reefs upon which Mr Robert GibEon reported was said to show " a width of 5ft of solid quartz," and its valve was estimated at 1 Jtz go'd per ton. When the results of ihe development of the property a year late r began to come to hand a very different tale was told. Heefp, which at one time had averaged above 3£ft wide fell away to a fcot as they were opened up and proved to be absolutely poor in gold. The laBt report from the manager of the mine was on 6th June last, and showed no aiens of anything better occurring. Then Messrs Bewick. Mireing, & Co., the well-known engineers. repoited on the property with disastrous results. The assais cf the ore were from No. 1 shaft, 32dwts per ton ; No. 2, 22dwts per ton ; No. 3, 7dwts per ton; >o. 4, 5dwrs per ton; No. :>, 4dwtsper ton ; No. 6, 2oz per ten : No. 7, 4dwt per ton ; and No. 8, 14dwts per ton. These were the valuab'e re< fs which, when the public were being asked to take up shares, were reported to assay at no less than lOoz per ton. After eighteen months' development this is the result which is now reported to the share- holder?. The company expects to issue a furtt er report shortly from the managi r of the property,regardingfartberdevelopment. We understand that Mr. Moreing and Mr. Allan Stoneham have been examining into the merits of various properties with the object of utilising the cash balance cf the company in working a fresh property. Whether the shareholders will «are to trust the remaining funds at their disposal in another venture in W' btralian mining r mams 10 be se,t-n; hut 1 i any case tbey sViouli itetnand a fobroagh and independent inquiry into the whole history of thie propfrr ? and how it came to be p ir h%ged. It h s t owever, be»n eufficienijy demonstrated bat the prop. rty piovtrl valueless Bt depth and when thoroughly deve opod, and this hie been ihe ei>t < • our whole com end-in regarding Westralian mines. Since the above was written, the' cmpany lias received 'he expect <1 icj o;' from i3i< ir manaie'-. He states tfca* thi-£ i« ibe to't^ni if ihe wi< z? <whi h i - l'i-inp f u 1; on the -north drive of reef '-A"t i' lii'le t-hort of 2ft- in width. »nd 'he estim »f- s >'• fu it would ji hi % z.< f gold tO'he'o>. Altho)gh th s is considerably lower i linn tne original eetimaie. of tt e expeits, there i-nothing to prove that this reef wi'l • ot. become siroilatly poor in gold as dejiti is attained. " Similir'y " «e may be permitted to add, tin-to is nothing to prove that t^e reef will not become richer as depth is attained, while we confess that we cannot s* 1 '* any re soji why a mine capable of yielding from 22dwts to 2oz per ton shoiiM brt dubl» d a "disastrous failure." If this were tim worst that could be said rega ding Westrelian mines we should feel tolerably sale. None th» less we should like i > understand why in the c»se < i i lie True Blue thrre is such a di-iMejtiim'v t el ween the reports of the first expei ts and that of Messrs Bainbrirlge. Seymour and Co., and subsequently that of Mr. Rowe. Some explanation is due, not alor.e to the shareholders, t'lit io the field itself, as the Bg*!ici>*s which are causing such widespread and geneiai a depression in W» stern Australia should not be permitte I to operate um hfcked and uncontradicted. We need offer no excuse for the ic-publication of the extracts given above ; for we may be asstved that had we not dealt with them tie Eastern Press would have done so for us, and would have placed an interpretation upon them which would do mote damage than the allegations themselves, bad as they are. One remarkable feature about the articles in the " Journal of Finance " is worthy of note, which is that the first mine singled out for condemnation belongs to much-boomed Kalgooriie, and the other is situated considerably over 100 miles from Coolgardie proper, Our turn will soon come, we may rest assured, and when it does we must be prep re'1 to face the statements made and re rule them if possible. It is a melai choly coinc idence that Mr Robert Gibson, who thought so much of Ejud na, t-xpressedcqual confideneein the Londonderry ; he was, it would seem, much nearer th-? mark in regard to the firmer than the latte-. '(here is hit one way to deal »ith sue!) stories «s those of the " Journal of Fii ance," which is to grapple with them boldly, and if they be untrue completely disprove them. And we trust fur the honor of the fields that steps to accomplish that end will be fortwitli undertaken, as silence on such a subject will be sinq ly damnatory. * A horrible drunken orgie on (lie part of an English family • in Buffalo has been brought to a sad termination. The family, who gave the name of Haymeut. consisting of the mother, who was aged about 00. two sons, and a daughter, apparently wealthy, were returning to Hertfordshire, England, where tliev said they lived, anfl stopped some days at the Stafford Hotel, Huffalo. with 'the intention of going to see the Niagara Falls. They began a debauch in their rooms at the hotel, and ordered drinks extensively at the hotel bar, running up a bill during the week to the amount, of !,<)(Jt) dollars, which was paid. 'J'lie proprietor then refused to allow them any more. The mother thereupon went in a carriage to a liquor dealer and retii'ued with four cases of whisky and a dozen Iwttles of champagne. With this fresh supply the orgie was eontinuer! in their rooms until .Saturday. When the proprietor entered he found all four lying undressed on the tioor. One son was ilea'!, the daughter hail gone insane, and the other son and his mother were senseless and suffering from delirium tremens. There is some eliance that they will recover, but the daughter will never regain her reason. The father is said to have held a good position in the British navy. At the present moment the earth is passing through the zone of Leonids, the vast crowd of small cosmic bodies which revolve around the sun, and at this time of the year intersect our own course. From the 8th to the 14 th of November large numbers of meteors, as these bodies are called when they become visible through their incandescence, arc. usually seen, but the recent cloudy weather has prevented all local observation?. 