NOVELIST, The Van Rensselaer Ghost. »V KLLKN V. TALBOT. It was with BRljjipationo of pleasure that my friend, llaptxt Davison complied wish young Winter'*) invitation to spend New Year's at his country scat. Wir.tcr had but lately been Married, and waa indulging a whim for spending the holidays in the oountry, at an old mansion he had lately purohaBed on the Sound. Tha novelty of the thing was, in itself, agreeable. Rnd there was sure to bo menus whose reading alone was enough to titillate the palato; and though Rupert was by no means a gourmand, he was no more indifferent to the charms of quail on toast and devilled lobster than another man. Mrs. Winter was a pretty woman, and a delightful hostess, and, in short, my friend felt sure that his visit would prove one of tha most delightful incidents of the snowbound season. It wae, therefore, with a blithe huart that he stepped from the oar upon the Aster station, and inquired the way to Mr. Charles Winter's houee. " It's a good three miles from here," said a man in au old arrr.y overooat. " You'd better step into my sleigh, and I'll take you out for a quarter ; seems strange they didn't meet you, if you wero expected," he added, with the free curiosity peculiar to men of nis class in New England. "Perhaps they didn't know your train," continued the ooachmar, when liupert and his portmanteau were safe in the aioigh. "It may be you that sent this telegram I am taking to thera now. It came a couple of hours ago, but cho _ station maiiter, si-cin;: j:o or.e wr.n d«;ad, and j the roads BO bad, thought he would wait \ awhile until some. one wsa that way." .Ytupext could not avoid mruiing, but hin thoughts were diverted by the wide expanse of unowy fislds through which they were pas- Ein^ ; the village la}' to theri^ht, and in c.nin direction was here and there only a lonely farmhouse euriounded by its unpairited outbuildings, and loaded with a weight of PUOW that seemed utmost to bury it. No signs of life were visible, save a light in the laot window of the homeatead, and poesibly a will wrapped and mittejed man pushing his way through the anow to bis bam. "J wonder Winter purchased in suoh a lonely spot," bvuhe from Rupert nt last. " It is not so dro&ry; in summer," answered tbe driver, taking *he observation aa addressed to himself. ' T .is is a beautiful drive then, and Mr. Win:er has plenty of horses ; he's no call to stay here but when it is pleasant, and no fool knows what he wants to be coming now for. It's a grand house, though." Rupert, asking a few questions, elicited the knowledge that the house had been owned by an old Scotch family as a homestead for fifty years, but as the older members of the group passed away none of the younger cared to live on the property, and it had been sold. Tne man, however, dropped hints that there had been other reasons for disposing of it; what these were Rupert oould not definitely discover. " There it stands," said the driver, pointing with hig whip at a large, square house that must, in summer, have been nearly hidden by the foliage of the enoircling chestnut trees. You see that a number of newfashioned houses have been built near it by other city swells, making it look like the grandmother of the lot." The large pate stood open, and the sleigh jingled merrily cp to the door. At the sound of the bells the letter was opened wide, throwing a blaze of light over tbe snow, and permitting a younsr man to spring into the fiostv air and seize Ruport by the hand. " Unloosed for but always welcome," cried Charles Winter, " though I did expeot you earlier this evening, and only gave you up on receiving no message." Rupert referred .Mr. Winter to the telegram which the driver produced, and the two ycurg men entered the warm, bright hall of the house; here Rupert was received by Mrs. Winter, appearing more than ever of desirable prettinees. •'1 am glad you did not wait until a still later train," she said, playfully, "for it is New Year'3 Eve, the time for all eerie things lobe abroad; and though I have brought you into the very home of a ghoot, I would not wish you to be spirited away on the road by one." " Are there ghosts in New England?" said Rupert. " In New England ! Tbe very haunt o! ghosts I I think the old Puritans, finding how muoh they lost whioh they might have had on earth, oome slipping around now to see what they can get." * 4 And have you a ghoBi here?" asked Bupert. " fl'sh 1" said Mrs. Winter, with raised finger. «• If there is one, perhaps you may see it." " I fervently hope so," replied Bupert, as he hurried to make ready for the waiting meal. He was not disappointed in the mental re view he had taken of tha guest3 be would meet; there were fcws other men beside hii host and himself, the elder or whom was a kbneral Gordon, and an old Sriutharn uncle of Mrs. Winter, on a business visit to the Ncrth, an irascible old fellow who inveterxtely differed with everybody, and yet one of She most kind-hearted men living. The other was a man of forty or more, a son of the seeing god of day, being a grain merchant from Missouri ; he had all the frankness generally ascribed to those of the West as far as his manner went, but ho also oor,- oealed under his appearance his own individuality. There was not wanting the countenance of lair dame?,either. Mrs. Winter was sustained by the innocent, Echool-girlish daughter ol General Gordon, and another friend, a Miss Alice Ellsler. The table was set in a lonrr, low room, I wainscoted with, yak to the ceiling; a fire | roaied in tha do:;p chimneyplaca, c.r.d eas; dancing shadows on the walls of the tall, ohi.w-iooted mahogany furniture ; the table WAS iii with candles in heavy silver candlesticks, the air of tho whole being s,ue!i thai Bupert haa said he. felt trauaporiecl into one of the rare old interiors! of Irving or Hawthorne. " Is not raj furniture charmingly fitted to house ?" asked Mtv. Winter, as the dessert was ^br6ught on, and all were beginning to feel genial and talkativoly dia posed, " It would have been shameful to have one of those old rooms arranged in the modern way, and raoni fortunately the Van Rmissclacrs let tne take all the furniture with tho house." " The gho'.it thrown in f" inquired Ripert. " One would have thought they had chosen to pack it up and carry it away with thera ; a ghost is a rare thing to have in a family— quito a distinguished mark. 1 shall ho tempted to adopt it for my own if I eanfind i*." You might as well steal my diamonds," eaid tho lady. "I would put you under arrest, just as soon." " WnatiHthH Bt (,ry of the ghost, Cousin Efiie ?" asked M iith Gordon. My dear child I Do ycu want me to tell you a ghoot story at the dinner table?" cried Mrn. Winter. "No, I shall tell you when you and Alice come into my dressingroom the lust thin,; at night, and the gentlemen are still smoking and talking down stairs ; then, like ' Maud ' and ' M^dse,' we will and comb our beautiful hair,' and like some one elsa, ' tell strange Btories of the deaths of kings.' I insist upon all the surroundings." " And are wo poor men only to form our ghosts out of the smoke of our cigars?" said Rupeii, " I fear I shall be a keyhole listener." *M shall leave Charles to tell you the story," replied the hostess, glancing at her husband, who appearod singularly grave. " I really think he more than half believes in it." " Pooh — nonsense—ghostsI" said the uncle. " Then it is not true ?" said Edith Gcrdon. ' You shall hear and judge for yourself* couf.dn ; I believe the faotsof the lady's life, bf-fcro she bcoame a ghost, can be vouched for. I expect to have you and Alice Untuning with iHirioua attention to niglit to hor romantic story.'' " 1 eunnot promise for tho onrioBity of one," shid Mien EilMer, in a full, muaicsl voice. The tale will not be a new one to me." The sound of her voice drew Rupert's attention to Alic^, whom he had hardly noticed before, as cho sat farthest from him at trie table ; om5\\* drawn, he was held by a magnetism that eonstrairifd him to regard her every movonmnt, and wait for every word sha might utter v\ that rich voice. He has confessed that It is difficult to describe the peculiar charn> that Miss Ellsl r exercised over him, although he alleges that her beauty was of an uncommon kind ; a face pale and exquisitivdy cut, as though in ivory, lighted by the glow of her dark eyes, at.d shaded by th« night of her silken hair ; a well rounded iorm and a hand and arm the mont perfect he had ever seen. Her dress of white India pongee added to'her statuesque appearance and to ltuporfB fascination, for he had ewer contended that white wis the one robing i>i whioh beauty realised his ideal. His eyes, (lathering every detail, took in also a curious emerald locket that set off her white throat. To my riper experience there was little mysterious in the attention of an ardent young fcliow, liko my frk-tid being fised on such a creature, though he insists that there was a depth of spirit and power about her that attracted beyond her Fx-anty. Be that as it n;i;y, U r:. instantly fathoms deep in 1'ivo with Alice Kilsler, wl.ich BP}, his head iiu :n a whirl that he could winh difficulty attend to unytiung eloe. '• Why, cMice, where have you hear ! of my ghost ?" inquired .VI r«. Winter. "I did not know thwt you had been in this part of tho country before." "I have not," said Aiiae, Ellsler; "bus, although I am unacquainted with n.y cousins, my mother was a sister of the last Van Rrnsselaer that lived in this house " A slight exclamation escaped Hamilton, the guest from Missouri, which lie Hatantly controlled ; but R ipert observed thaf he sko hud lised his ra>.nrda on the youn« lady, and wag conscious of fin ugly feeling that desired to command the change of his gaze to some less snored quarter. " Thij is interesting above all things," said her hostess, with a sparkling face, " -is the ghost is the daughter of tho old gentisinan, surely she will appear to you I 'woiHd appear to Edith, here, were I a ghost- The lady has been most unsocial with me. "mt I have set my heart on her appearing to lomo one to-ni^ht, and now some one is her»> wmh whom she is connected, she must It fcind. You will not be afraid ?" " Not of that poor girl," said Alice, Tialf smiling, a faint smile like moonlighA on snow. " Of oourse not 1" exclaimed the uncle. " Who would?" "I think that I should if I saw lwr," whispered Kdith. Mrs. Winter linked her hand in her 1>P3- bnnd's arm as thoy rose from the table. 1 1 Why do you look so serious, Charle«f" she said playfully. " Have I displeased rou with ail this frivolous talk ab^u<! ghosts ?" "Not exactly that, love," said Winter; " hut the hi story of that poor young la4y seems to me too sad and true to turn into a jest." " Oh, my dear Charles," said his wife T would not laugh at that part of it for worlds: but a little harmless nonsense about a fhcit you will surely not deny rue. I ^hivf! positively be jealous of the fascinating ehadn, if you objeot and fear you have secret meetings." She looked with pretty wilfulness inlf> Winter's faoe, but floated away to the piancwhere her swaet voice gave a turn to tha thoughts of the company. The following three hours were the most delightful Rupert had ever spent. He ob tained the seat next Alice in the old chimney- I corner, and I know tbe boy well enough BO be 8urs that as the evening grew he pressed closer and oloser to her side, His lips spoke on but ordinary subjects, but eyes can be more eloquent than lips, and if ever eyes uttered a declaration of love they were thoss of my friend. Miss EUsler's were fastened on tho flames, and hidden by tbe thick lashes. She seldom raised them to let any of those present rend their etory, though Riport would have givnn a year of his lifa to have had a rquare look at obem. She sat nearly as motionless as an alabaster statue, save for the low music of her replies ; once or twins a faint color rose to her cheeks, as toward tho end o! the evening the tone in which my friend uttered hi:j commonplaces became still more tender; but it mi^ht have been only the flickering of the fire, and Rupert, when the ladira said good night, f«U e,U the de3pnir for her coldness, and all the readiness to tranfilate trifles into hope that becomes a model lover; and in npiM of her downcast ryen.it is probable that Mi?a Alice j readily interpreted the langnn^e of hi?, for women see more with their lids shut than men do through spectacles. AUbooph tho company had watched the Qc:ttli of the old year and the birth cf the r.f-w, Mr?. Winter dcciared that she intend?d keepin;: the ladies a while longer from sleep with the ghost story she and Alice would tell E?iih. , " I think we'd better sit 5n your room, Alice," she said, "then you will not have to down the stairs late at night, as you J would if you oame up with me. I hopo you don't objfut to eloepini? on the first floor; I have no giu-ft room but Edith'd upstairs in whioh ft rim cm he built." Mh? Biitilr.r Hnawnvd that she did not obj:ct nt n:!, RSKI the 1 id if m passed from the r ind), Hamilton springing to open the door for them, end take one more long, curious look at A'icc! E'hlcr. Her coo! gliinco had been tha one thing that and when hs,J >n%Ja Hamilton discard l:»!u in Rawerfa Alice'n hand evening. for N long mom-nt as he hadw tier farewell, and she. color.*! under his searihint? oy»s ,i« j>n u had not done under of rnv friend, th-^ youth felt all the univ.is miitg j 'ftlooT tha* ' ia tha ca&e.; la truth, Rtipejci vm only dnssrooa ott finding fioroetblng about which he might quarxo* with tho Westerner. " A lovely woman," remnrkod Hamilton, returning to bin seat and lighting ft cigar. " 3o—so ; wants color," said the nnole. " You will be apt to recognise her face when you see it i»ga:n," said Rupert, passing over the general's remark and addressing the younger man. Hamilton stared a moment and then laughed. "What do you mean, sir?" dem»nded Rupert. " Nothing at all." "Sir, I will not be answered thus!" said Rupert, furiously, forgetting, in his strange passion, the laws of common oourtes>y. '• Come,Davison," interfered Winter, taking his arm, Hamilton has assuredly done nothing to call forth this heat; there is a mistake ; let us forget it and be friendly for Quother hour." " Tuih ! Charles, let them have it out," said the uncle. "Not at all," Bftid Hamiltcn. goodbumoredly. "Mr. Davison is ready to be friends with me, I am sure." Bupert, still strangely unlike himself, muttered a sulky assent. '* Here is something you will be interested in, gentlemen," Baid Winter, turning the subject, and he displayed a quaint locket set with emeralds—the same Bupert had noticed during the evening as sparkling at the tbtoat of Alice Ellsler. " My wife handed tbis to me, with Miss Ellsler'B consent to exhibit the miniature within. It was left her as a legacy, by herunole, and contains a portrait of the unfortunate girl of whom you have heard so muoh this evening." While speaking Winter handed tbe orna- ment to the others and they examined it in turn, " It looks like this girl herself," caid the uncle. "It does strongly resemble hor," replied Winter, " yet it wants tba firmnese of character tnat Mi?s Alice shows. Here is mora of cequetty and childishness." Rupert said nothing ; he oould have gozed nn forever, it was so like Alice, but tbe Westerner was waiting to take it. He alao gazed a long time, but asked, irrelevantly : " Winter, how did you ohanoato purchase this out-of-the-way place? I had no idea, when I started wiJ.h you, that you were taking mo so far out of the world. I thought you probably lived in the village cf After." " It was a whim of my wife's," replied Winter. "Are you acquainted with this region, Hamilton ?" " I ooce knew a little of the oountry about here," replied Hamilton, after a moraent. Come, Winter,"said Rupert, "are we not at last to hear this story to whioh so many allusions have been made ? This in the hour for such a tale, and I begin to believe in it sinoe I have Been this face. I hope she will honor me with a glimpse of her lovely features." " Which you will assurfdty recognise," safd Hamilton, dryly, for Rupert had again possessed himaelf of the locket, and was poring over the miniature. My friend nearly dropped the bauble, and an angry Hash orossed his face. " The ro^mblance is certainly striking," drawled Uamilton, "between—" "Sir," said liupert, half-rising, 4 1 1 insist upon an explanation of—" " I am willing to tell you evil I know of the otory," interrupted Winter, as if tho altercation was not going on, but, at the same tiuip, gently pushing Rupert baok into his sent. "First let us throw on another leg, and general, ait nearer to the fire. The re. lation will not take long, and no ono nred believe the part concerning the ghostly vifits." " I sha'n't,"said the uncle. "You may sleep through that part, 'said his host. With apparent carelessness he drew his chair between Rupert and Hamilton, and commenced his narration. " The last Van Ilensselaer that lived," said Winter, "was not remarkable in any particular way except for his large family. He had three sons and seven daughters born to him, and tho young women being more than ordinarily fair, were known throughout the region as tha ' Seven Sisters,' so oalled in reference to the seven bright stars in the Pleiades." " There are but six now," said the uncle. " This bright band diminished still more rapidly," said Winter. "The eldest, the mother of Mias Alica, married and beoame almost disconnected with her family by going to dwell with her husband in England ; a fever scourge that ravaged this region t visited three of the remaining sisters, two of i whom never rose from their beds again, the one that recovered being the lbdy of the miniature, and the youngest of the family. Old Van Ransselaer was nearly crazed by the sudden fjap in his fireside circle, and the whole county mourned with him, for it ie not to be supposed that the lipht from such a constellation had beon hidden, even if shining from this retired spot. With anxious tenderness did the old man guard the three daughters yet remaining, and the whole family united in bestowing especial care on tho youngest, lest the fever might have left her frailer than the rest. "She .had always been the lavorite with her father, her mother dying Boon after her birth, and she budded into wornav.hood amid suoh fostering care that the breath cf the summer wind was hardly known to her. As tha time rolled on Van Eenspelaer *;rew reconciled to his sorrows, and let the silver voices of bis last three girls comfort him. Grace, the lady whose picture we have seen, was as wilful and spoiled as might have been expected, but her naturally sweet and childish disposition, as well as her intensity in affection, caused her friends to regard her imperious ways as an added charm. Hsr family pave way before her always, Imd delighted in her tyranny. She. wa3, perhaps, tho loveliest of all, but the sisters resembled each other so closely that often in the evening, when they gathered here about the hearth, Van Rensselaer, musing in their midst, ha'dly knew as their light forms flitted past him whether they were those of his lost or living darlings." " The man must bave been a fool," said the unole. " The striking resemblance to each other if a trait of the family," said Winter. " You perceive Miss Alice haa Dot escaped it. But to resume : you may imagine lovers were not wanting in this home in those days—fifteen years ago, it is no longer than that—but Grnco danced over all their hearts and finally persuaded her father that this country home was not enough to content young women forever, and that a winter in town wa.i necessary for herself and her sisters, Tho eld gentleman reluctantly consented ; he had a strange presentiment about lettirg his daughters leave the shelter of their childhood's home, but beauty, as usual, wheedled and conquered and Miss Graoe and her sisters enjoyed the fceight of metropolitan gaietieB for a few months, driving their father nearly into his dotage by their inces- R*nt *ound of balls and operas; for he in sisted on aooompanying them wherever they want. " Fight glad was he, at tho first hrcath of sprirg, to gather t.bem into the old home ; tut rumor whispered that he could not keep his nest so full much loncer and ihftt one of his bitds was making ready to use her wind's. In fact, though no country lover had been able $i) c>;ieii Miss Grace, the wild little beauty had bsen tamed by somfcne in she e.Uy and cams back ber home only j to ii'l H wish preparation* for whit a sat | and wedding oike, that she might leave it , again, j " Tn*r« was nothing too precious or too | costly f-.<r Graoo at this period, and however Jhe c j.iiio^ parting might rend the hearts ot the family, they oould not but be glad in the joyousness that overflowed in the bride to be ; with a heart eminently formed for loving, this new affection ceemed also to deepen tho old, and she hung about them ail with a thousand caresses that doubly endeared her. The days in whioh she seemed fairly unable co aontain ber happiness were those in whioh she rcoeived the letters from her lover ; he was not often, if ever, able to visit her, but his missives were regularly sent, the seal printed, I suppose, with clasped hands, or a deer, or some suoh other faithful device. "At last the bridal day arrived; the early morning was to bring the lover; tbe wedding dress was spread out in readiness, white and glistening as a snowy bank, every stitoh in the finery having been set by the siBtsrs of the bride. The early hours passed and the bridegroom did not oome; noon struck, and still be had not arrived; the wedding would not take place till sun. down, and some aocident might have made him late; but as the afternoon dragged away without the uppaaronco of ihe lover, a vague forboding struck tbe hearts of the family. " Van Reneaelaer had seated himself in his old chair—your seat, colonel—and fallen into musingB of which hi« clenching band and fiery eye told something ; the two elder daughters, seated near him, whispered together, and cast anxious looks into the front room, where Qr&oa; hung at the window. '"Let ua dress her, Florence/ whispered Ethel, the sister next the youngest. ' It will divert her mind and the guests will soon be here now. We will make the robing a long process, and BO tide her the better over this auspense before he comes.' "'Let her alone?' interrupted old Tan Rensselaer, loudly. 'Do not think to trick her in those wretched gew-gtws now, if ever.' " His daughters shrank into frighteoed silence, and a moment later a message was brought to the old gentleman. He tore it open, and then dashed it under his feet. "' Curse him I" he exclaimed in a terrible voice. ' Quick I shut the door, and let us think how we can tell that poor young thing that he is false to her I' His precautions were too late ; his tone had been louder that he knew ; a loud shriek struok their ears, and rushing into the other room, they saw Grace fall heavily to the floor." "Why didn't he come? uncle, prosaically. inquired tbe " lie wrote," said Winter, " that a new business opening called him distant for an incalculable time; that it was impossible for a lady to accompany him, and that as his tfme of return was so uncertain, it would be unwise to loave a young bride behind wi?tft'lly awaiting him. He said it would be wrong, also, to Grace and her own family, aild added that he would not hold the girl bound." "What dastardly coldness!" cried Bupert. "An unexpected gate into fortune was placed before him," eaid Winter," and tbe temptation proved too great." * Well, well !" said the uncle. " I suppose ho reaeoned that girls wero aa plenty as blaikberries In July, and fortunes as scarce as cherrics in Deoember ; but give him all the grace you may, ho should have managed not to break a young thing's heart. Did he make his fortune ?" "I never heard," answered Winter. "I know nothing more about him, not even bis name ; the family never mentioned him again." " What a grim time they must have had rending back the guests, feeding the wedding cuke to the pigs ar.d Unming tbe bride's dress," exclaimed the uncle. " I do net know what became ol tho wedding drees," said Winter; buc the dress was not burned then, at all events ; it was left so it was, spread out in the great spare (ihamber, and quite forgotten, while poor Grace was carried to her room unconscious. So far it is an old story; we often read romances founded on a false bridegroom ; bnt this ends differently from any I bave heard before. Grace lay in this insensible condition until the next day at twilight, then she woke and asked naturally what time it was, and when told,murmured that it was strange that her lover was BO late. Florence, who was with her, tried to soothe her to Bleep, but she was restless, and insisted upon getting up, and, as usual, brooked no restraint, saying, ' It is time to dress.' " She only partially dressed, however, motioning away the blue house dress she was in the habit of wearing, and looking impatiently around, her sister did not know for what ; but as Graco was soon quieted, Florence wrapped a shawl about her sister and left her half dreaming in a great chair, while she went to tell the others of the ohange. " She was detained a few moments, and on her return Grace was not in the room, nor was she to be found in the house. Tba poor girl, rousing again, and with the idea that the twilight warced her to be dressed for her bridal, h»d fonad he* wedding clothes and arrayed herself in them even to the veil and to takiDg the bouquet which was withering in a vase. Then, with the thought struggling in her mi^ty brain that something was wrong with her lover's delay, she left the house, unobserved, to seek for him, and was found, near midnight, wandering in the damp fields. •' The end can easily be. told; the exposure brought on a return of the fever fr?ci whioh she had suffered in her childhood, and this time she was its victim." '' Tbe victim of that scoundrel, you mean," interrupted Rupert. " A well told tale," exclaimed the uncle, " but no ghost." t "I am coming to it now," said Winter;) " but you newl not listen, of course." " I won't," said the uncle, " You can sleep—" "I will." "There are few men," continued the host, " who, under suitable times and conditions, do not believe in ghosts." "I don't," said the uncle, who was still awake. " There are seme exceptions," pursued tbe narrator, " but the majority of men are at times impressed with the sense of the supernatural. The country people say that after old Van Rensselaer died, the yorocger portion of the family would not remain because the place was haunted by the presence of the poor young bride in her wedding robes. I cannot vouch fcr that; the brother with whom I transacted the bi. siness told me that there were too many sad associations for them to choose to live here; but it ia said that old Van Rensselaer, as he sat every evening where the general sits now, would never retire until he had seen the apparition of hia daughter." '• He eat up all night then, I venture," said the uncle. " I agree with you ; it is strange what f.ibles these empty country minds invent," observed Hamilton, striking match after match in an effort to light another cigar. Rupert eaid nothing; but he was, in vulgar parlencc, all ears. "I am no more superstitious than the rest," said Winter, " but I confess to a wish to believe the story. There is something touohing in the thought of the old man silting by hw mouldering fire, night after night, and waiting far into the small hours for a sight of his darling. There was one guesi that told the story most coherently, and Baid he caught sight of the lady. It seems that he knew nothing of the habit of his host, and as tbe old gentleman showed no signs of retirirg, and ensconced himself as if for a long fireside gor-sip, the guest did likewire. Possibly the shade of the young bride was later tnan usual, or the stories of the cuest were tv,r:ious, for the head cf Van Rensselaer dropped upon his breast, and he fell into a sound sleep. The viritor sat mutc-ly watching the emb?rs, and half listening to the light tread of footsteps that for some time he had lar.cied he heard on the walk. More and tuuta di-iiuolly they sounded, until ho clearly oaughl Ihe click of littl« boot heela and th<9 sweep of silk." Bupert, raising his eyes at this point, met those of Hamilton fixed upon him, and knew that he had hoard the same sounds as himself. For some time past my friend had heard, through the muffling of the heavy curtains, what might have been footsteps on the little balcony that jutted from tbe side windows. .."The footsteps continued for a long time," Winter was saying; " from the sound it seemed aa if the person we*e walking around and around the house. Eaoh time they paused a longer time under the window ; but the old man still slept on, and at last the sound seemed to reoede in a different direction." Rupert relates that nop Hamilton and himself distinctly heard a knocking on the window from the outside ; it oeased and returned at intervals, but seemed dear to their strained hearing, although Winter, engrossed by his story, and the unole, half asleep in his chair, did not notice it. "The guest oould endure inaotion no longer," said the unconscious Winter. "Rushing to the window, be flung up the Bhade. There was a faint moon." " 'Tia the ivy tapping," muttered Hamilton. By the light of the moon he oould distinguish the receding form of p woman vanishing across the snow in a dress and veil as white as it, and leaving no prints behind her. As be stood almost paralysed, he perceived that Van Vensselaer had oome up behind him, and was watching the last misty outlines of the figure with an expression not of fear, but of grief anrl tenderness." " Knock I" very plainly now. Two knocks. A pause, then, " Knock, knock, knock 1" three times, the sound somewhat deadened by the curtains, but certainly on the outside of the lower window panes. Winter was roused by it. " What was that?" he demanded. No one answered him, not even the knocking ; there was dead silence—a silence, Rupert Bays, even more uncomfortable than the sounds. Who or what was on tbe balcony, and what was happening in the stillness ?" " It was the wind, after all," said Winter, finally, with a deep breath ; but even aa he spoke there oame another faint sound, what like they oould not tell. The unole, who had been half asleep, opened his eyes. " What is the matter with you, boysf" he said, peevishly. "For my part, I never heard such a tissue ot non—" He stopped, for the window was thrown violently open from the outside, and the curtain swept j away as though by the cold wind that rushed in. And there, to the fearful eyes of the group inside, and against the black baok ground of the night, appeared the white form of a woman. The lamps flared in the sudden access of air, and plainly showed a figure clad in the drees of a bride, though nevsr bride was seen as pale as she. A veil of misty lace shaded herbair and died in the shadow, and her dress was like the snow cn the coping of the window ; but her face, the faco o' the miniature, was whiter than either, and Beeined utterly without life; the head thrown back, tho syeB closed and the beautiful, colorless lips half open. Her small hands were clenched on the window ledge as if to keep her from falling, and ahp swayed to and fro as if blown by the wind. The fourteen started to their feet and atood spell bound. Winter seemed dazed ; the general was bthind him, his hair on end ; and from Hamilton, pale ns the lady herself, broke a sharp cry, "Grace!" he said. "Grace I Grace 1 Graoe I" As for my friend, after one Becond he cleared tho epaoe between him and the window at a bound, and bad the form of the ghost in his arms. " Do you not see who it is?" he cried, aB he lifted her orer the sill and brought her to the fire. " It is Miss Ellsler, and she has fainted." " Miss Ellsler !"eiolaimed Winter. "What could Bhe be doing out there?" A question that Rupert could answer no bettet than the others, and he was too busily engaged in restoring his lovely ghost to think, at present, any further. He had placed hie burden in the chair of her grandfather, but still supported her head on his shoulder, while he shafed her hands and pushed the air back from her temples; indeed, I have my suspicions that the boy, in the confusion of the moment, carried his restoratives still further while that fair faoe lay turned toward him on his breast, and Winter and Hamilton sought frantically for water and spirits. As for the unole, after a careful survey of tbe lady he came to a half conclusion that it might be MibS Ellsler ; but he olosed the window tightly, and saw that this time it was thoroughly barred. It was some time before Miss Alice revived sufficiently to give an account of her presenee, but when she did the explanation was simple enough. Mrs. Wmter and Edith had lingered in her room until quite late, and alter they had left, Alice, advanoing to the window, saw that the moon was rising with beautiful effect over the snowy hills. The better to enjoy it, she had thrown a lace scarf over her head, and stepped upon tbe small balcony upon which her windows opened, as the library windows did upon a similar balcony. She closed the window behind her, lest the night air should chill her room, and, when attempting to return, found to her alarm that the window fastened with an old- fashioned ppring when olosed, and could only be opened from the inside, Her situation was a gloomy one; there appeared to be no release from spending tbe night on the balcony, unprotected from the cold, and with no companion save the cbaete Diana. Suddenly, however, she caught the glimmer of light from tbe library windows, whioh were next her own, end Bhe knew that the men had not yet retired. The thought struck her that if she could get from her own upon the library balcony, she might ba let in through the library window. \Vith8ome danger, and more difficulty, she at last accomplished this, but seemed unable to make tbe men aware of her presence. They were some distance from the window, the curtains were of the heaviest, and her strength was so fast failing her that she oould barely summon force to tap upon tba panes. For a moment, Alios said, she thought she lost consciousness, then, ronsing, gathered all her powers and made a last desperate attempt to raise the sash herself. In this she proved successful, as the window fastened merely with an ordinary bolt, which had not yet been secured. From that moment she knew no more. "No wonder you fancied me a ghost," said Alice, with a faint smile, as she took her emerald lccket from the table and prepared to withdraw;" I suppose you had been hearing the story of my poor aunt." "Ghosts I Nonsense, child 1" said the ' uncle, who had quite recovered himself. The next morniog Hamilton did not appear at breakfast, and Winter eaid that urgent business had called the Westerner away. After the meal, his hoBttook Bupert aside for a moment. "Did you notice," he said, ''that there was tbe place for another miciatare within the emerald locket J" " Yes," said Bupert. I j " It was originally filled by the picture of Miaa Van Rensselaer's lover," said Winter, I " but was destroyed before the locKet came 1 into Miss EJ'dsler's possession. Now if we I could see that painting, whose face do yoq j suppose it would represent?" " I cannot guess," replied Rupert. j | " That cf Hamilton," 86id Winter, gravely. | "I was sure cf it last night, by observing his | manner when Miss Ellsler appeared, and his | departure this morning confirms it." Tbis is ali Bupert has told me, bat i there is another part of the story which I t glutei, I 