WESTWARD HO! CHAPTER XI.—How EUSTACE LEIGH MET THE POPE'S LEGATE. (BY CHABLES KINGSLEY.) ' Ay,' went on Haleigh to himself, as the conversation dropped. ' What hudest thou been, Raleigh, hadst thou been that Desmond whose lands thou now desirest ? What wilt tiiou be when thou hast them ? Will thy children sink downwards, as these noble barons sank? Will the genius of tyranny and falsehood find soil within thy heat t to grow and ripen fruit? What guarantee hust thou for doing better here than those who went before thee ? And yet: sannot I do justice, and love mercy ? Can I bot establish plantations, build and 60w, and make the desert valleys langh with corn ? Shall I not have my Spenser with me, to fill me with all noble thoughts, and raise my soul to his heroic pitch ? Is not this true knighterrantry, to redeem to peace and use, and to the glory of that glorious Queen whom God has given to me, a generous soil and a more generous.race ? Trustful and tender hearted they ate—none more; and if they be fickle and passionate, will not that very softness ot temper, which makes them so easily led to evil, makes them as easy to be led towards good ? Yes—here, away from courts, among a people who should bless me as their benefactor und- deliverer—what golden days might be mine! And yet—is this but another angel's mask from that same cunning fiend Ambition's stage ? And will my house be indeed the house of God, the foundations of which are loyalty, and its bulwarks righteousness, and not the house of Fame, whose walls are of the soap-bubble, and its floor a sea of glass mingled with fire ? I would be good and great—When will the day come when I shall be content to be good, and yet not great, like this same simple Leigh, toiling on by my side to do his duty, with no more thought for' the morrow than the birds of God! Greatness 1 I hive tasted that cup within the last twelve months ; do I not know that itis sweet in the mouth, but bitter in the belly? Greatness? And was not. Essex great, and John of Austria givat, and Desmond great, whose race, but three years ago, had stood for ages higher than I shall ever hope to climb—castles, and lands, and slaves by thousands, and five hundred gentlemen of' his name, who had vowed to foes wear God before they forswore him; and well have they kept their vow 1 And now, dead in a turfhovel, like a coney in a burrow! Leigh, what noise wasthat?'. ' ' An Irish howl, I fancied; but it came from off the bog; it may be only a plover's cry.' • Something not quite rigHt','Sir Captain, to my mind," said the Ancient. ' They have ugly stories litre of pucks and bansheeB, and what not of ghosts. There it was again, wailing just like a woman. They say the banshee cried all night before Desmond wan slain.' ' Perhaps, thei Baltinglas; for next—not that tales.' • Bbamufe, this one may be crying for als ftfni is likely to come "believe in such old-syiy^y into",' said Amyas to the guide,• <16 you hear that 'cry iti the hog ?' ihe guide put on the moat stolid of faces, and answerea in broken English— • Shamus hear nought. Perhaps—what you call him f-^-fishing in'ta pool/ • An otter, he means, anil I believe, he is right; Stay, hoi Did you not hfear it then, Sham us ? It was a woman's voice.' . ' Sh&mus; is stuck : in his ears ever sinoe Christmas.' 'Bhamus will go after Desmond if he lies,' said Amyas. • Ancient, we had better send a few to see what it is; there may be a poor soul taken by robbers, or perhaps starving to death, as Ihavo seen toAriy a one. 1 'Anfl I too, poor, wretches; and by no fault of their own &r; oafs either; but if their lonfrwill fall to quarrelling, and then drive «tQhsplher's cattle, aind waste each other's litgaSi sir, you know :—- 1 • I know,' said Amyas impatiently; 'why dost ntat'takethemen.arid go?'. * Cry you niercy, noble Captain ; > but — I fear nothing born of woman.' ' Well, what of that ?' said Amyas, with a smile. ' But these pucks, sir. The wild Irish do say that they haunt the pools ; ancPthey do no manner of harm, sir, when you are coming up to them ; but when you are past, sir, they jump on your back like to apes, sir,—and who can tackle that manner of fiend ?' ' Why, then, by thine own showing, Ancient,' said Raleigh, ' thou may'st go and see all safely enough, and then if the puck jumps on thee as thou coniest back, just JTUU in with him here, and I'll buy him off thee for a noble; or thou may'st keep him in a cage, and make money in Londo : b - showing hint for a monster.' ' Good heavens forefend, Captain Raleigh ! but you talk rashly! But if I must, Captain Leigh — ; • " Where duty calls , /To brazen walls, How base the slave who flinchcs." lads, who'll follow me ?' Thou askest for volunteers, as if thou wert to lead a forlorn hope. Pull away at the usquebaugh, man, and swallow Dutch courage, since thine English is oozed away. Stay, I'll go myself.' ' And I with you,' said Raleigh. ' As the Queen's true knight-errant, I am bound to be behindhand in no adventure. "Who knows but we may find a wicked magician, just going to cut off the head of some saffronmanlled.princess ?' and he dismounted. ' Oh, sirs, sirs, to endanger your precious ' ' Pooh,' said Raleigh. ' I wear an amulet, and have a spell, of art-magic at my tongue's end, whereby, Sir Ancient, neither can a ghost see me, nor I see thsm. Come with us, Yeo, the Desmond- slayer, and we will shame the devil, or be shamed by him.' ' He may shame me, sir, but he will never frighten me,' quoth Yeo; ' but the bog, Captains ?' 1 Tut 1 Devonshire men, and heath-trotters born, and not know our way over a peat moor?' And thfi three strode away. They splashed and scrambled for some quarter of a mile to the knoll, while the cry became louder and louder as they neared. ' That's neither ghost n-.ir otter, sirs, but a true Irish howl, as Captain Leigh said ; and I'll warrant Master Sbainus knew as much long ago,' said Yeo. And in fact, they could now hear plainly the ' Ochone, Ochonorie,! of some wild woman; and, scrambling over the boulders of the knoll, in another minute came full upon her. She was a young gi 1, sluttish and unkempt, of course, but fair enough ; her only.covering, as usual, was the ample yellow mantle. There she sit upon a stone, tearing her black dishevelled hair, and every now and then throwing up her head, anJ bursti-ig into a long mournful cry, ' for all the world,' as Yeo said, ' like a dumb four-footed hound, and not a Christian soul.' On her knens lay the head of a man of middle age, in the long soutane of a Romish priest. One look at the attitude of his limbs told them that he was dead. The two paused in awe! and Raleigh's spirit, susceptible of all poetical images, felt •keenly that strange soene,—the bleak and bitter sky, the shapeless bog, the stunted trees, the savage girl alone with the corpse in that utter desolation. And as she bent her head over the still face, and called wildly to him who heard her not, and then, utterly unmindful of the intruders, sent up again that dreary wail into the dreary air, they felt a sacred horror, which almost made them turn away, and leave her unquestioned; but ;Ye6, whose nerves were of tongher 'fibre, asked quietly— ' Shall I go and search the fellow, Captain ?' ' Better, I think,' said Amyas. Raleigh went gently to the girl, and spoke to her in English. She looked up at turn, his armour and -his plume, with wide and wondering eyes,' and theta shook her head, and returned to her lamentation Raleigh gently laid his hand on her arm. and lifted her up, while Yeo and Amyas bent over the corpse. - It was the body of a large jand coarsefeatured man; but wasted and shrunk as if by famine to a very skeleton. .The hands and legs were cramped up; and the trunk bowed together, as if the. man had died of cold or famine. Yeo drew back the clofhBS from the thin bosom, while the girl soreamed and wept, but'made no effort to stop him. 'Ask her who it,ia? Yeo, you knowa little Irish,' said Amyas."' .:rv He asked, but the_g{rl made no answer. ' The stubborn jade won't tell, bf bourse, sir. If she were bat a man, Fd majte her soon enough.' • Ask tojdnftpatlOift?' ., ' No one, di^-lmysj and I believe she says true, fori can find no ground. The man has been starved, si?8;*s X am a' sinJalnian. God help him, though be is a priest; and yet he seems full enough down belew. What's tare? A big-'pouch, sirs, stuffed full of Somewhat.' * Hand it hither.' The two opened the pouch; papers, papers, but no scrap of food. Then a parchment. They unrolled it. . ' Latin,' said Amyas; ' you must construe. Don Scholar.' ' Is it possible ?' said Raleigh, alter reading a moment. ' This is indeed a prize! This is Saunders himself ?' Yeo sprang up from the body as if he had touched an adder. 1 Nick Saunders, the Legacy, sir ?' ' Nicholas Saunders, the Legate.' ' The villain ! why did he not wait for me to have the comfort of killing him ? Dog!' and he kicked the corpse with his foot. ' Quiet! quiet 1- Remember the poor girl,' said Amyas, as she shrieked at the profanation, while Raleigh went on, half to himself. ' Yes, this is Saunders. Misguided fool, and this i6 the end! To this thou hast come with thy plotting and thy conspiring, thy lying and thy boasting, consecrated banners and Pope's bulls, Agnes Deis and holy waters, the blessing of all saints and angels, and thy Lady of the Immaculate Conceptios I Thou hast called on the Heavens to judge between thee and us, and here is their answer! What is that in his hand, Amyas ? Give it me. A pastoral epistle to the Earl of Ormond, and all the nobles of the realm of Ireland ; " To . all who groan between the loathsome tyranny of an illegitimate adulteress, etc., Nicholas Saunders, by the grace of God, Legate, etc." Bah 1 and this forsooth was thy last meditation ! Incorrigible pedant.! Victrix causa Diis placuit, sed victa Catoni!' He ran his eye through various other documents, written in the usual strain ; toll of huge promises from the Pope and the King of Spiin ; frantic and filthy slanders against Elizabeth, Burghley, Leicester, Essex (the elder), Sidney, and every great and good man (never mind of which party) who then upheld the commonweal; bombastic attempts to terrify weak consciences, by denouncing endless fire against those who opposed the tiue faith; fulsome ascriptions of martyrdom and sanctity to evety rebel and traitor who bad been hanged for the last twenty years ; wearisome arguments. about the bull In Ccena Domini, Elizabeth's excommunication, the nullity of English law, the sacred duty of rebellion, the right to kill a prince impenitently heretical, and the like insanities and villainies, which may be read at large in Camden, the Phcenix Britannicus, Fox's Martyrs, or, surest of all, in the writings of the worthies themselves. With a gesture of disgust, Raleigh crammed the foul stuff back again into the pouch. Taring it with them, they walked back to the company,' and then remounting, marched away 'once more towards the lands of the Desmonds | and the girl waB left alone with the dead. And hour had passed, when another Englishman was standing by the Wailing girl, and round him a dozen shockheaded kernes, skene on thigh and javelin in hand, were tossing about their tawny rags, and adding their lamentations to those of the lonely watcher. The Englishman was Eustace Leigh; a layman still, but still at his old work. By two years of intrigue and labour from one end of Ireland to the other, he had been trying to satisfy his conscience for rejecting 1 the higher calling' of the celibate; for mad hopes still lurked within that fiery heart. His brow was wrinkled now; his features harshened; the scar upon his face, and the slight distortion which accompanied it, was hidden by a bushy beard from all but himself; and he never forgot it for a day, nor forgot who had •given it to him. He had been with Desmond, wandering in moor and moss for many a month in danger of his life; and now he was on his way to James F'tz-Eustace, Lord Baltinglas, to bring hiin the news of Desmond's death; and with him a remnant of the olan, who were either too stout-hearted, or too desperately stained with crime, to seek peace from the English, and, as their fellows did, find it at once anA freely. There Eustace stood, looking down on all that was left of the most sacred personage of Ireland; the man who, as he once had hoped, was to regenerate his native land, and bring the proud island of the West oncc more be-' neatb that gentle yoke, in which united Christendom laboured for the commonweal of the universal Church. There he was, and with him all Eustace dreams, in the very heart of that country which he had vowed, and believed as he vowed, was ready to riBe in arms as one man, even to the baby at the breast (so he had said), in vengeanoe against the Saxon heretic, and sweep the ^iat$d name of Englishman into the deepest abysses o! the surge which walled her coasts; with Spain and the Pope to back him, and the wealth of ftfe Jesuits at his command; in the midst of faithful Catholics, valiant soldiers, noblemen who had pledged themselves to die lo r the cause, serfs who worshipped him as . a demigod—starved to death in a byg 1 It was a pretty plain verdict o> the reasonableness of his expectations; but not to Euiace Leigh. : ' v (lobt continued.) 