®he ZuQdag School. INTERNATIONAL LESSON SUNDAY, JANUARY 8, 1897 CHRIST'S ASCENSION.' Acts i, 1-11. Golden Text, ( Luke xxiv, 51.) — ' While He blessed them, He was parted from them and carried up into heaven.' Oub New Book. After several months study or the. Gospels of Jesus, we pasB into the Acts of the Apostles. This book Will chiefly' occupy us during the new year. There is something suggestive about a begin ning ; and especially when many, un known to each other, start together. How many who begin this study will live to end it ! This is the pathos of our tasK. xsuc id nas ids siae or responsi bility, It is the opening of a new gate of opportunity. Impressions may be made that eternity will not efface. Some of our scholars will pass out of our hands before we reach the closing pages. Let us teachers bestir ourselves: let us clothe ourselves with the mantle of earnestness. A History of Beginnings. — 'The Acts of the Apostles embrace that portion of the history of the Church, which con tains the canonical beginnings, whose ecclesiastical continuations and develop ments are proceeding even in our own days:' — Baumgarten. So that our new study is not only a beginning for us : it is a history of beginnings. 'The writer of the Acts of the ApostleB sets forth in his introductory sentence, that the book is meant to be a continuation of a ' former treatise.' It is addressed to a Certain Theophilus, and since, among the other books of the New Testament, the third Gospel is written to a person of the same name, it is natural to take these compositions to be the work of the same author, and the unvarying tradition of antiquity has ascribed both works to St. Luke.' — Cambridge Bible. The Early Church Testimony. — All the traditions of the early Church ascribe the authorship of the Acts to the writer of the third gospel. Tertullian, a.d. 200, speaks of the descent of the Holy GhoBt upon the apostles and of Peter going up to the house-top to pray, as facts mentioned in the commentary of Luke. He also says: 'We find in the Acts of the Apostles, that they who had received the baptism of John had not received the Holy Ghost, of which indeed they had not even heard.' Eusebius, who lived about 325 a.d., says : ' Luke, by race a native of Antioch, and by profession a physician, having associated mainly with Paul, and having companied with the rest of the apostles less closely, has left us examples of that healing of souls which he acquired from them in two inspired books, the Gospel and the Acts of the Apostles.' St. Luke anil His Writings. — ' To very few since the world began, has it been granted to render two services so im uense, as those which had been ren dered by St. Luke in his Gospel and the Acts of the Apostles. In the one he has given us the most exquisite and perfect sketch of the Saviour of Man kind ; in the other he has enabled us to watch the dawn of the Gospel which the Saviour preached as it grows gradually into the boundless day. We have in the Acts a picture of the origins of Christianity drawn by one, who was himself a leading actor in the early evangelisation of the world.' — Earrar's Message of the Boohs. If then we have left the gospels, we are in the company of one of the writers of the history of Jesus. Seed Thoughts. Theophihis. Nothing is known of Theophilus. The epithet most excellent applied to him, is used in addressing Eelix and Festus. Beqan. — The Gospel is not a history of all that Jesus did. His work was continued by the apostles, and is being developed by the Christian Churches and schools of our day. Beiioeen the JResurrection and the Ascension there were forty days, during which our Lord showed Himself at intervals. Some of these appearances are narrated in the gospels. The Ascension belongs to the order of the miraculous, and appeals to faith in a divine record and a divine Lord. He is taken from them while they gaze, so that they became witnesses to after ages of an event so unique. 