Mr. Byrnes's Candidature. Jin. BritNiis lmd a well balimcod'qiltit- forni, and u large audience to licnr liis. first address as a candidate for Brisbane North. He said nothing now until lie abused the Telegraph. lie gave us credit for having lmd the courage to raise the sectarian question, u courage which he did not predicate of any other newspaper. It brings up a blush; because the honour is undeserved; Tlio Telegraph did not - rniso tho question, nor did it absolutely, refuse to publish matter which he sont in refutation." Mr. UjTnes should know thuttliu persons who constantly bring forward tlio sectarian question are those of his , own faith. It must bo granted that thoy. fool themselves to ho perfectly justified in doing so; and why should they be censured for it, oven indi rectly, by Mr. Byriics? .Quito recently tho hierarchy of Mr. Byrnes's church circulated an ' authoritative manifesto denouncing the public school systems of Australia. Tlicy have issued mimy such. ' They. would ho most negligent -of their duty if thoy did not do so. How then does Mr. Byrnes make it out that the Telegraph did all this? Ho may reply that lie referred to remarks nbpiit civil service appointments. To siffeet to Lolievo thut'tho Telegraph raised that question is to affect tliut the question novel- before, was heard of;' or, that for a long' time it has slept, and was not awakened until tho Telegraph aroused it as a- general election cry. Mr. Byrnes said last iiight that ho would not allow him self to ho influpnood by anything which liis opponents might say of diiui, arid so lve feci safe in remarking that wo will .do, a- .great ,. deal for-him by,, way of rqwriition if -ho can show-tliiit wo rais'ed the scetariun question: But lie is more; foolish than ho 'would have us believe- him to be if lio thinks'.. -that the-.- sec tarian question is not over -present in tho minds of thoso wliose' concern, it is. _ But it is fully us repugnant to .iis. as it is to him. Ho is not more anxious to bury the bogey than wo are ; hut so- long as ouc sido will persist, however -conscientiously,' in thrusting tho subject forward, they cannot expect that the other side will disregard it. But if the Telegraph' has raised any ory for election purposes, why has Mr. Byrnes also called up' the ghost of tho consultations -strife? It is as clear as daylight that he thinks' to seoro heavily off tho Telegraph on that subject. How should that lie when tlio very stoutest opponents of Mr. Byrnes's Act, in both Houses of Parliament, wore 011 his platform last night? It could much more easily bo shown, that tho' 'Gambling: Act was passed iis an oloetidn iiionsuro. Passing .over all that was said and done privately, because our lips are sealed, mid Air. Byrnes knows it, wo point to tho 'outer facts of tlio enso. Our contention at the time wns that tho only effect' of tho muusui'o would he to remove a given otflco from one - Australian town to anqtbor. -If that was a reliof to Bris bane, what is it to Hohn'ut ? If a consultations office corrupted this city,' will it not corrupt Hobart .? How lias tliis removal of an office -contributed to tlio' common stock of . public morality ? Tho (idvico givou by tlio 'Telegraph was .either to take ' such .11 Course iis would result in- stamping out ull . fornifj/'of gambling, or to place .under severe . restraint tlioso forms whieh could not -bo destroyed..- iSiuoo tliis 'is a - question of ; what ' is short tb ho dono wlion - passings Biimp- tiihry - lnws,.»ono person . has us good a right . to his opinion us nnotlior. has to his,' without , subj eeting himself to tho linbility of. being eoarsbly abused as having sympathy with vice. Unfor tunately for those who liavo suoli fnitli in the effect of Mr. Byrnbs's Act, those uro the facts.' Advertisements relating to such matters cannot bo inserted in Queensland newspapers, hut thoy may- he inserted in .newspapers printed out- ' side Queensland.. It 'is well, "known that consultation advbrtisomoiits may -ho found in tho most popular of newspapors ontoring Qucbnslaud. iThoso persons who: indulgo in this -sort' of tiling are just as well informed on the . subject as oyer thoy wero, - If tho , Government did not .pass that Act as a pure -election orv, why do thoy uot prohibit thcoirou- latiou of nowspapors in Quoonsland which contain advertisements - flatly "contrary to the statute ? Thoy have not done so, and befoio tlio - olootions aro ovortbey daro not. attempt to do it. If thoy will now attempt it, 111 a pi'notical.wuy, and if thoy sueLeod, they shall, have the heartiest congratulations v fori'tbeir'sin-i cority. But Mr. -Barnes- is far -vtoo .well' informed on this subject ,to ho misled into tho- belief -that the removal :of consultations offices from one - city to. nnothor.hns at all'' affected the volume of the husiijoss done by mieh offices. At tlib'timb'the Telegraph pointed out that ,tlie merb .clpsingvof an office affected no thing exebptiugiyitli the fragment of the jhusinessbm nnd ttint such- busimiss would . instantly fall into' tlie .cliiiinicl of all the rest, and ho qirricd pu by .ooi'rosqioiulcnco; . It was added'bj' iis' that . thoi'b \vbuld , spring up' iiyUiqeityjUsthcreexistittthoebiuitiy,. ai number, of centres!- at " which thoso disposed to riHbth'birini6n'o'y:iii'thiH'''Way: would-eoi'iy out thoirliuipbscs;'' Every; thing that- wo forct did ; is ;now taking plucu; It muy seem, unkind to toll-pei'soiis thnt in removing a nuisiineo .from 0110 spot to, imotheiv-.they --;(lor not in tho least diminish tho ovil urising' from it; hut tlio statement will commend itself to every person of common souse ; and that is_ exactly wluit . 1ms taken place in -this; instance. . Aud it will' equally commend itself to suoli persons to Bay- that whether this form of' gambling: -is a -vice-/ m- a" virtue, tho rtco or \ tho virtuo' of it is iii . the hearts of thg. persons' who in dulge ill it, aud that there uro just as many persons of : that sort in Queens land to- day as. tlicro -wore; last 'ycur. But' siueo M!r. .: Byrnes is so emphatic on this point, wo remind him. that tho Telegraphy hacked' by some of his supporters on tho ' platform lust' night, "and by-, a largo;.. section of the clergy, j insisted that his Act should apply to hnsiuii's, as woll- us to consulta- tious. -Mk Byrnes- stoutly resisted tlio proposnlr Surely if there is one place worao than another at which to practise any: iorni' of gambling, tluit pliico is iu a church .hiwaur. The Act was so extended ; hence some of these tears. . : . v. , . . . | The only other point in Mr. Byrnes's adih'ess requiring special notice now is his foforence to public education. Per il aps lie : will ' say ' tluit : the -. Telegraph raked tliis up also. AVo take no credit to oursolvos for not having. alluded to it since tho:publication of tlio manifesto of the libads, of the Boiniih Oathqlic Church in 'Australia some wublcs ago. Home ol our contemporaries have never censed hammuriilg-at it. AVo do not blame them ; wo do not cxeuso oursolvos ; ' but mention only, what is ii fact.; At tho sumo . time we are .wholly at a loss to know how Mr. Byrnes Wishes to be understood on this subject. Tho heads of liis church demand " payment by resiilts," as it is called ; antl it is in- tolligibl u and just, if not practicable. But-of- lata wo liavo seoii several re ferences to what is called- S' the principle of State control ivhero State . aid is given.". There is no 'such tiling' iii the world. . As applied to . schools it could not possibly linvo any significa tion. Where" other ' than . State schools receive State money tlio chief control exercised (forgive' t-ho word) is official inspection. But leaving nll-tliisto go for what it " is worth; ' wo ask again how lire, wo' to , understand Mr. Byrnes when, I10 'solemnly pledges him self to leave the Education Act as it is. Tho promise not' to touch it is not'good enough in tliq face of the efforts ' liuulo- to worm-oat. its- most vital principle by those illegal regula tions which were passed eighteen 'months ago. H the law is not, altcrcd'ih itself its.propbr intention / may be frustrated by bad administration; But tlio diffi culty which Mr. Byrnes is' ill is this; that the lieacls of/ .'his -church' are . oonstaritly " demanding what lie' says ho will liofc attempt to.-givc them. Is lie sincere iu threatening this sturdy disohediene'e ? . ut 'lib is | very, 'ipucii inistakeii" if he 'tluiik's tluit! his abuse of tha Telegraph is going to load us into 1111 (ihuso bf him, .or of -any of his suppbrtors. We urb qiiito as willing as hois thatthe' -battle, should he fought on its merits, and avo quite' as well prepared to abide by its results. ' / , 