Major Vandeleur’s Trust By John Strange Winter. CHAPTER I. Two men were smoking under the . brilliant stars of an Afghan sky—the one, George Vandeleur, major of the White Lancers ; the other a mere boy, by name Geoffrey Mainwaring, a lately joined subaltern of the Cuirasseurs. ■ “ Major Vandeleur was a man of little more than forty—a handsome maD, but with a cloud of care over the eyes, which ought to have been full of life and energy. Young Mainwaring was scarcely more than a boy; long and lithe and strong, with a mere shadiog of dark brown on his upper lip, and still the gay laughter that he brought with him a fow months before. He looked aside at his companion, as a sigh—an unmistakeable sigh—fell upon his ear. “Major,” he said, “you’re down in the mouth to-night, sir. I hope you had no bad news by the mail to-day 7” The older man shook himself to gether. “No, not that, Mainwaring—quite the contrary, in fact—for my home news was most cheering. But I feel somehow —well, I’ve got a sort of presentiment hanging about me, and I can’t shake it off, try as I will.” “ I don't think, major,” said the lad, respectfully, “ sitting out hero is likely to help you to get rid of it—I don’t, really.” “ No, perhaps not. Lot us go in,” said the major. Before either of them rose from their chairs, however, the major asked the subaltern a question— “ Have you any sisters, Mainwar ing ?” “No, sir ; nor brothers,” he replied. “ Ah ! And your father, of course, is living ?” “ No, major. My father died fifteen years ago, when I was qnito a little chap. My mother died when I was born.” “ Then you are quite alone in the world ?” “That 13 pretty much about it, sir,” in a tone of one who did not fiud the position a particularly trying or hard one. “ Ah, indeed ! Yes, yo3 ; but it’s not so bad for a boy to be left as a \- girl.” “ I should say not," feelingly re marked Mr Mainwaring ; “ but, for.my part, sir, it’s so long since I had any relations that I’ve get pretty well used to it.” “ And your guardian 7” Oh, my guardian’s an old duffer !” the young mau answered promptly. “ It’s no fault of his that I didn’t go to the Jews and make ducks and drakes of my property years ago. As it was, how ever, I got along on a very beggarly allowance, and put the time in till I be came of age, and also my own master." “ Oh, then, you are of age 7" said the senior. “ Yes. I am nearly two-and-twenty, sir. Late in joining ? Well, that’s so ; hut you see, major, I had to do the military grind, for my old fool of a guardian had what ho called scruples about my going to Sandhurst, Yes, it was a nuisance, but it’s pretty much the same now.” “I don’t know why I should tell, Mainwaring,” he said, filling his pipe with slow but steady fingers, “ but I have an idea that I shall never got out of this alive ” “Indigestion, sir,” said the young man promptly. He did not suffer in that way himself. “ Never had it in my life,” answered the major, with equal promptitude. “No, it’s something quite different— and the thought of my little girl at homo clings to me like a ghost.” “ Your little girl, major 7” exclaimed the young man. “ Why, I didn’t even know you were married J” “ No more I am—at least, my wife died five years ago,” Major Vandeleur answered, “ and I’m like you, Main waring, I haven’t got a relation in the world ; not one, except my little girl. Ab, poor little woman ; -it goes to my . heart to think what’ll become of her if ^anything happens to me !” Oh! but nothing will happen to . you, sir ; at least, it’s Tory unlikely,” cried the young man, with a great deal more cheerfulness than ho felt. “ And, you know, thinking about it is the very worst' thing possible, and the most likely to bring ft about. Y ou oughtn’t to do it, major, really.” “ No, I know,” smiling faintly; “so I’ll go indoors and see what the rest of them are after.” He got up then, and went along the half rained verandah towards the large room which was the temporary mass room of his regiment, and young Main waring followed him in, going straight way in search of an “ iced peg,” feeliDg more than sorry for the handsome fellow who seemed to have taken such a fancy to him since they had been thrown to gether in this dreary land, wherein all Huropeans became as brothers in their feeliug towards each other, and yet, though sorry, he was glad to get away from his immediate vicinity. “ By Jove 1” his thoughts ran, as he put the glass down after draining its contents, “but I should feel deucedly uncomfortable if I had that sort cf fore boding. And be has a child at home, poor old chap!” Well, the following day there was a sortie from Cabal, and some of onr men were killed and several officers dange rously wounded, among them Major Vandeleur. And an hour or two later, when the fighting was over, young Mainwaring got back into camp, some body came to him and said— “ By-the-bye, are you Mr Mainwaring, £>f the Cuirassiers 7” “ YeB,” he replied. “Major Vandeleur, of my regiment, has been brought in badly wounded—I believe mortally so—and he is asking for you. Will you go and see him 7” “ To be sure. By Jove 1 Poor chap, he was expecting this !’’ he exclaimed. “ 'Pon ray word, I am sorry ! Go to him 7 By Joye! that I will I Where is he ?” “ In his own quarters. I'll show you,” said the other, and in less than three minutes Geoffrey MainwariDg, all dirty, dusty, and battle-stained as he was, was shown into the room where George V andeleur lay dying. He went up to the bed as softly as he could, but the Major heard his foot tstep3 and opened his eyes, unmistakably he eycB of a dying man. “ Major, I’m so awfully eorry—” the younger man began. “ Yes,’’ said the other, faintly. “ All up with mo now. I knew they’d get me. Wanted to see you.” And there he stopped and closed his eyes, and Mainwaring looked round anxiously for the doctor, thinking that the poor fellow was on the very point, as be put it afterwards, of slipping hiE cable. The major, however, opened his eyes again. “ No, don’t call anyone. I shall hold out a bit longer. I want to ask you something.” ■‘Yes, sir, I am listening,” young Mainwaring auBwered. “ What is it, sir 7 ’ “ My little girl,” said the major, with a look of appealing anguish ; “ she’s all alone in the world, and I’ve-—I’ve never made my will or anything.” “ Then make it at once, - sir,” said young Mainwaring, promptly. “ Yes, I know. I’ve told Vickers.” Vickers was the chaplain, “ But a guardian—she must have a guardian— and, Mainwaring, I want you to be her guardian. Will you 7 ’ “ Of course I will, sir,” said the young man, instantly. At that terrible moment he would have promised anything which would havo given or seemed to give the dying man a moment’s peace of mind. “ Theie will be a few hundreds a year —enough to bring her up properly,” the major said more feebly. “ Then will yon—tell —Vickers 7” So Mainwaring went and fetchod the chaplain, and the major told him that he was to put down the name of Geoffrey Mainwaring, of the Cuirassiers, as guardian and sole trustee of his child, Mary, then in the chargo of Mrs Tem pleton, of No. 17 South lvensington squaro. “ She’s at school there,” he said faintly to Mainwaring. It was very soon done, for Mr Vickers had got the will ready, leaving only the name of the child’s guardian to be inserted. Then the major, who was rapidly sinking, scrawled his name in the place where the doctor indicated ; the chaplain and tbe doctor both addod their names as witnesses, and the dying man closed his eyes, feeling that after all it bad not been too late. They had not a very long vigil, for before the dark fell George Vandeleur bad entered into rest and the light which knows no night, and Geoffrey Mainwaring went out of the quiet room with a new burden of responsibility upon his shoulders. 