[ALL QUEENSLAND EIGHTS BESEEVED.] '' OJ? JH.IMGljO-S.XJS'jDUJS.ljlAlSr LIFE JRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, Author of "Outlaw and Lawmaker," "An Australian Heroine,"- "Hadine,' "Moloch," |"The Bond ofWedlock,"'; Polloyand Pasiion," " The Head Station," Sc., fic. - CHAPTER, in. : TJniiited. •. HlLE DR. GENESTE was making his moonlight journey • Clare TregaskisR lay. within tho mosquito curtains on .one of the two beds ■1 5n her room, her baby by her side. The other •"bed was still vacant awaiting her husband. v Nine was sleeping on the sofa in the sittmg •••room; an improvised mosquito cui tain pro / •: tecting her face and chest in, it seemed, but >."an ineffectual manner,-for, she stirred and ^ muttered and flung her little arms out from •. nnder-the sheets in a restless slumber. The door between the two rooms stood open, and ./'the' lamp, turned down, cast a blurred; glow V; and gavo out a disagreeable smell of bad / kerrisine. The air in the room was dry and VV scorching, the zino roof throwing down heat • ''as though it had been the* top of an oven. .V5*" There -were neither shutters nor curtains to /■' the window, and the moon shining through \-- - the thin white calico blind gave the effect of )•- an opaque illuminated, oblong. Myriads of insects wero astir—mosquitoes, cockchafers, //moths, flying ants and beetles—all kinds of . •; winged uncanny things, circling _ round towards the lighted doorway and filling the V place with a low roar, which was a sort of r 'accompaniment to the noise of the township, ; the oath of bullock drivers "wetting the \- wool," after their unloadings, -tho.cliok of billiard balls, the loud' chaff of bushmen and •v diggers in the hotel verandas "and the sound . V of .the bells hung round the necks of bullocks /. /and horses that were going out to grass/' • \- \ As the evening wore on, and the men took /"' iff more and more liquor, the oaths and ribald language, distinctly audible through the zinc fi./partitions, became unpleasant hearing for the ' ears of a refined woman. Clare had tried in 'vain to escape from the brutal sounds, had shut the window to find that this made little ■ ' difference, and that it was impossible to \- endure the stifling heat. She was not so ■ /' horrified at the bad language as might have / ■ been many a woman. She accepted it, as she j : accepted other disagreeable conditions of her lift? and surroundings, with a certain lofty i ' tolerance, mingled with stoical resignation. ' She took refuge in imagination after a fashion /'/of her own, and now deafened herself to what ,A. . ahe did not wish to hear by recalling the „ swing and heat of some orchestral measure, .. • or by a mental phonographic process recon ' strncted in fancy the swelling rhythmic measures she had heard at a Wagner recital. She was-not musical in the technical sense. 'She could not sing a note, and even had she v/ possessed a piano at Mouiit Wombo her per ... formance would have been poor. But 6he • had an almost passionate love for deep sound •: ' ihg complex harmonies. Organ vibrations . stirred her nerves as did nothing else, and oi . / ' all the pleasures of her old London life, music, • whioh she had once thought would be dis , penned with most easily, was that for which she now had the strongest craving. But the effort of memory grow irksome; . the unreal sounds died away and her mind came bock to the present. She looked down . upon her baby, roor little thing! She was fond of it, of course; but why was she not as ' .fond of it as some mothers were of their offspring ? Why did it seem to her .only a • . cruelty that it should have been born into a crude, harsh, unsympathetic world, in sufficiently equipped for the moral struggle by beneficent hereditary influences? Why should she, who felt herself unfitted by temperament for the burden of such a , responsibility, and who had a weary distaste for the whole business of multiplying her land, and could see no usefulness in it, have been chosen as the producer of this new atom to swell the generally unsatisfactory human \- aggregate? v The two pawpaw apple trees growing in front of the hotel, imaged on the blind, caught her eye. They had straight spear-like sterna '; and crowns of spiky leaves, which, as a faint • wind stirred them made weirdshadows. One „waa a male plant the other a female. She •t could tell this by the outlines of feathery . flowers hanging below the leafy plume of one and thegrotcsquo shapes of pendant pumpkin like fruit on the other. Was thero no escape even in vegetable life from the bewildering sex problem? , She was thinking these thoughts when the . clatter of buggy wheels and dull thud of the . unshod hoofs of pack horses sounded up the •. .' street, and then stopped in front of tho hotel. Presently she heard the voice of her children's ./ father in answer to a shout from one of tho /-bnshmen in the inn veranda. ' '{Hullo, ; Tregaskiss!.. Those horses of •f yours look pretty well knooked tip." //.■ "Yes, confound them!" Trogaskifis had a ."/full, rather loud voice, with the rise and fall V/.of intonation oommon to Australians,, and/an r ; imperious ring in its notes which, according to occasion, might take the form either of bois terous cordiality or of ill temper;: "Had the deuce of a-business," he-Vent, on:'.'The brutes bolted last night from1 the" Gravef-half way to Brinda Plains/ It's all: that damned Brinda breed; they hare a trick, of making hack: ' But these artf slashing mares all the same,' as you can see by daylight.*' I wouldn't wish for better goers. They'd pull abuggy out of anything.";! . Clure winced at the expletive. She had risen when the bnggy stopped, and now sat, a ghostly form wrapped in a lightdressing gown, at the side of the bed. She hud not minded the "swear words," as Ning called them, when the bullock drivers had used them,' hut she did not like them in her husband's mouth. ' Tregaskiss exclaimed, in the tone of irate superiority with Which whitemen often address their black servitors, " Look out there, Tony. .George, you infernal idiot; haven't you yet learned how to unstrap a puck. On, good evening, Mrs. Buffey. Send someone round, will you, if they're not all in bed or drunk. Has Mrs. Tregaskiss come ?" - ■ • "Sho's upstairs," announced the landlady. " As for my men being drunk, Mr. Tregaskiss, they keep that for off Sundays. You'll spell the horse a day, I suppose." "Not I. We clear out to-morrow, and serve the mores right for sweating themselves on the bolt. Let's have a light, Mrs. Buffey, and show me the way up. Oh, look here, you may bring me a nip before I go up stairs." After a few minutes his heavy step shook the creaky wooden stair and zinc walls. Mrs. Buffey had not thought it necessary to ascend. Tregaskiss Bhouted down to her. "That's all right. I know where I am. Theblack boy : can1 bring up my swag. Let me have some thing to eat, will you; and- you may as well send me a bottle of whisky and some cool water if you've got any." He pushed open the door of the sitting room, and turned up the smoking lamp. "Phew,! By Jove, it's hot and beastly smelling. He ffnng wide the rickety French windows, which led out on a narrow balcony. "Where are you, Clare? Oh, here's the Picaninny." , Ning, whose pet name for Thyra was a corruption, graduating as " Ningie," of her father's title for her—"The Picaninny"—had been roused by the noise and the flood of light and now started from her sofa bed v.eiled in mosquito netting, which she tore off in a bewildered liaste—an elfish creaturo, j with .tangled hair ^ and wide, suddenly awakened eyes. "Daddy." " Yes, you brat. Give us a hug, Picka ninny. Did I scareyou? Been dreaming, oh?'* - ! "Jlin© been dream about Debil-debil," said Ning, solemnly, relapsing into her blacks' vernacular. " Mine think it Debil-debil get inside mo and take me over the.paddock fence into his big fire. But the fire went ont, and God came and asked me if I was a good girl; and then God took me back to mummy." Tregaskiss laughed loudly. " That was a good job, wasn't it ? We don't all get out of Debil-debil's clutches so easily. But then we ain't all good little girls. Oh, you're a picka ninny, yet, you are. Daddy's pickaninny ! Come. There now. A right down good old hag." He caught the child in his aftns, mosquito netting and bed clothes trailing behind her, and smothered her with loud sounding kisses. "Where's your mummy?" " I'm here, Keith." \- Clare stood in the doorway. He took up the lamp, still holding the child, and looked at his wife. " Good Lord, Clare. Poor old girl ? You 'do look like a ghost. Knocked up, eh F" > i " Yes, rather. We started at 4 o'clock this ! morning. It's a dreadfully-long, slow journey, ] stopping -at all' the little roadside stations.' I'm really glad the railway does not go any further. I'd' much rather travel in the buggy and camp out." " Well, you'll havo two nights of that, and I was thinking we might spell a day at Brinda Plains. The Gripper- has been behaving a about wire fencing the boundary." "Oh! How have things been getting i Keith, on the station?" " As bad as can be.* No sign of the drought breaking up, and cattlo dying everywhere. There was the devil of a mess driving down the last'mob of fats, and a bad sole at tho end. Hurdly enough to cover droving expenses. I was a fool to agroe to Gryce's terms. 1 I told you so at tho time, you . re member, and you advised mo to accept; £100 down on taking delivery and £50 a month for droving. It was exorbitant, hut you misled me by telling me that was what old Cyrus Chanco paid. I knew what a nipper he is, and that he'd be bound to give the lowest price* It was all an infernal concoo tion of Cusaok's new chums. The Grippe put them up to getting a rise out of me/f . " Oh, I'm Sony. ' But it wasn't from' the I Cusacks that I heard.' Mr. Chanco's st^*^- ' keeper told me those were the terms." Well, it was a lie. . Cyrus Chance never paid anything like'that.- You must' have muddled up figures. Women always do. I mustn't ^depend on yours for -the -future. But^never miud, old girl.. It's a good thing to have you home. Are'you glad to get back to your old hubby.". ' "I'm—very'"glad, Keith. ? Very glad, of course, to see you again."'" " And so am I to see.youyold dear. He put the lamp on the t^hle, and still - holding Ning, whose head had dropped sleepily on his snonlder,. went up to his wife ana nffec Hnnntiilv Inniml liw. A-nil tho molrDninnp tionatelykissed her." " And the piekanihny, too. Good little kiddie. ' I declare I' think I I've missed her almost as much as I've missed you. By Jove the place has seemed a desert I without you both." • . v " There's a new pickaninny now, Keith." • I* By Jove, so therevis. I had forgotten the little shaver for the moment. Bet's see him, Clare.. No, itis a*second she, isn't it? I rather wish it had been a boy, now, since the two other , poor little chaps cameto nothing." Clare led the way into the bedroom, where the baby layj its little red fao^'neatling into the pillow. Tregaskiss contemplated the creature with an amused interest, much as he might have contemplated a) new born PU^ol ot a bad little cuss. I supposo it will get whiter in time. Books rather like a blob I of pink putty. Ning was much more human j when she was six weeks old." Dark babies always are. This one will be | fair, like you. Ning took after me."' Tregaskiss turned his eyes upon his wife with a freshly kindled gleam or admiration. " So much the better for Ning, as she-is a woman. Now if this brat hod-been a boy it might have taken* after me and been a fairly decent looking chap on* a large scale into the bargain." He gave the little fatuous laugh of self satisfaction which was a trick of his, and which | always jarred upon Care. It was one of Tre gasMas's weaknesses to be somewhat vain of j his strength and robust good looks. He might I truth have been considered a handsome man of the coarser mould. Ten years ago, before his featnres had thickened and his skin had become red and rough grained, and when he had been less inelined to stout ness, there could have been no doubt as to the attractiveness of his person. One might have imagined a woman very much in love with him, bat not a woman quite of the type of lire. Tregaskiss. Some little frail, amiable doll perhaps, without xnuQh intellect, and the kind of temperament which is naturally subservient to brute force. Tregaskiss was fashioned rather upon the Viking model. He' was huge—as tall as Dr. Geneste, and much broader and thicker of girth. In spite of the active life he led, his weight could not have been less than fourteen or fifteen stone. He had a great bull neck and a large head with close cropped yellow hair, which fell into little rings over a round, low fore head. The eyes were bright blue, slightly bloodshot, the nose well- shaped but broad at the bridge, and with two small furrows on each side marking a puffiness between the eye sockets and the mouth which gave on appearance of coarseness. He had even teeth discoloured by smoking, a yellow moustache with long points, and a curly fair beard—the kind of'beard which divides in the middle, and shows the cleft of chin. Although he was proud of being a " fine man," he was careless about his dress. To-night ho looked dis ordered after his journoy, which was not to he wondered at—hot, dusty, and redder than usual; his light alpaca coat had stains upon it, and his coloured shirt was unbuttoned at the neck, showing the inside griminess of the collar, and beads of perspiration stood upon his forehead and his great red hands. Glare stiffened just a little as he put his arm round her and drew her closer to him in their joint gaze at.their child. The harsh, virile odour whicK came from him and seemed to tell of the night's camping out and the day's travel in close proximity with hot beasts, mingled with an aroma of tobacco and of the whisky he had recently im bibed, struck unpleasantly upon her nerves. She was a woman extremely fastidious in such trifles, and had an almost sensuous delight in delicate fresh soents. One of the things which went far towards reconciling her to life on Mount Wombo was the perfume of the sandal wood logs, which she kept for burning in the j aitting-room in the winter. But something of the same conscientious self-discipline which 'marked her manner to tier children showed itself in her bearing to hqr husband. She seemed to become instantly alive to tbe impulse of repugnance in herself, and atonedfor it by laying ner hand caressingly npon his shoulder; and thus together they contemplated the sleeping infant for a moment-' Dr two in silence. Then she withdrew her hand and disengaged herself gently from his embrace. " Yes, I wish, too, that she had been a boy. Not exactly for your reason though." " For what reason, then?" "Oh, bec&nse; I think women.have the worst of it in the world—at any rate in the bush." " Bdon't see that. • Things are always made is easy for you as they can be up here. Of lifeTc ta an tn course the life's rough, hut if.it is so for women, itis rougher still for men. You can keep in doors if you ohoose. But how would jrou like droving cattle across country with rations running short, and the water-bagis jetting empty ? And I wonder if you'd en joy a day after scrubbers through gidya and bnrrum bush,, or else drafting off a camp hi the blazing sun, and branding till sundown, and then coming home dog-tired to salt junk and Hamper—and all the worry of the men] and bad sales, and drought, and a big debt, -with tho chance of the bank coming down on you into the. bargain." — v " It seems to me that we women have our share of those worries, too," said Glare. "As for the station work, I used rather to envy you men the wild, free rides, and the living with nature, and, the grandness and reality of it alii' Do you remember, I had a perfect crave for out of door,life long ago, after the hollowness and insincerity and stuffiness of London._ I used to fancy then that it must make people truer and better and purer. You know I lorcd an easydny on the run, before the babies came, and when I was strong, and not the poor creature I seem to have grown into." "Anseasyday:" echoedTkegaskiss. "A kid glove land of mustering in cool weather, just outside the paddock fences, and the men ble?mug you all the time, because they daren't let out au oath. I think you found it a bit too real .sometimes, Clare, and you got deuced sulky when I swore at yon for getting in the way. You expected me to keep up honeymoon manners, bnt I've broken you in, haven't J, and we're i " * *" 're none the less good friends for it?" •-■r'i'No, none the less good friends,- Keith," she repeated, with that curious smile. " But that wasn't what I meant when I wished that baby had been a hoy." 11 What didyoumean P" he asked. ; "Oh, mengetrid of theirillnsions quicker," she answered. " Or else they never grow them, which is better still—at least I suppose it is better, if the. illusions are bound to wither before the morning has become to-day. WAn,<m IioItiIooq >? flh. i* Women are so helpless," she went on, her voice taking a deeper inflection, "60 blind, so ignorant, so hedged in. They can't go into the open and jndge of things as men do. They can't even judge of themselves. They don't know what they are capable of or de ficient in. They don't know what they want*." "Well, most of them seem to know that they want a husband," said Tregaskiss, with a laugh. " And after all, Clare, a woman can't! do much better than that—if she gets a good; one, and a man can't be better on than with j a good wife." There was genuine feeling in his tone; it: touched Clare. , "No, Keith, there can't be anything better in the world than a happy marriage. But people's ideas of happiness and of love are different, aren't they? And women have dreams and wayward fancies. Ih the end we settle down to doing our duty, and we find satsfaction in it; bnt in the beginning, when we are young and romantic, we long for drama and thnll and communion of mind and the poetry of love—and all the rest. That's how it's hard for women—for some women. They've got 'to grind down the edge of their imagination and to pull their ideals to pieces, and to scatter in fragments all their fond and foolish beliefs, and it—it's a painful process, Keith, and I'd rather not have to watch a daughter of mine going through it." Tregaskiss looked at her, at once annoyed, uneasy wid amused. " Oh, confound ideals! That used to be a great word of yours, Clare. I thought I had laughed you out of it, though upon my soul I never did qoite know what you meant by it. I hate hearing yon talk like that. It makes roe think of those long baired South Kensington painters and the ladies in queer dresses, with notions' that you used to tell me you were so sick'of. Besides it puts it into my head that you aren't happy, and that isn't true—anyhow, you always say that you are happy enough."' "Oh, yes, Keith, don't mind. Of course I am happy enough." "Ideals!" he went on, wrathfully. "Poetry, sentiment—tho sort of stuff you read in novels. Pine words and infernal Tommy-rot, as I always said to yon, dear. We don't breed'em out west." ' ■ *. 1 " No; you laughed me out of my fancy that ideals might exist in the bush. That's one of the vanished illusions. They don't seem to fraternise with sheep and cattle in this part of Leichhardt's Land." " Do you think they thrived any better on Ubi Downs, where you came from ? " "I don't know. I suppose not. I was only 10 years old, you know, when I left it. And yet," she went on dreamily, "I kept a vision of Ubi Downs all those years, as of a sort of promised land—the mountains and the strange sunsets and the river and the great bunya scrubs—The Erl King and Sintram and Undine lived in that bunya scrub and the creek that came down from the gorge. I can remember it quite well." "And yon married me because you thought I was going to bring you to your promised land. Was that it ? * "Perhaps it was a little, Keith." "Good Lord, Clare, you are childish, with your Erl Kings and your fairy tale people; £ suppose they are in a fairy tale. I never heard of them anywhere else! What has -come over you to-night ? " / "I don't know, Keith. One gets thinking lyingawako in the moonlight." '"Thinking! What about?" • "Oh!—about ideals; and drama; and thrill; and different kinds of love—every thing that makes the poetry of life.' Bnt. I quite agreo with yon; it'p stupid to talk of them. Gladys Warrakor and' .l agreed long ago not to expect such things in the ordinary run of life." "Well, anyhow, I thought you- had dropped all such rubbish since you came here. Ideals ! drama! thrill, and differcnt kinds of love,"'he repeated with bluff scorn. ■ "By Jove, do you remember our rotting by the water hole at Wombo, soon after we came up, and your reading to: me something by some German chap, and 'asking me if that was how I loved you, and your disgust when I told, you it was all^——^ rot. 'As if men and women ever loved eaciPbther, especially .when they are zuttmodt:in.. any<way hut one. You may wrap it up in sugar as much as you like, but lore always comes to the same thing —generally ends in little red creatures like this!" '. Clare gave a slight shudder and .the* nghed, an odd nervous laugh. 11 Yes, it always comes to the same thing.' You hare taught me that." . # . i"I have made you practical, my dear. Upon my soul if it hadn't been for having married me you'd be lost in the clouds by. now!, I've brought you down to earth, £ and the children.", •, ; Yes," she again * assented. "You 'and the children. One can't he anything hut practical when there are babies crying round, and only a half-caste or a black gin to look after them." - ' Well, that's your own fault, Clare. I said you could get a nurse out of one of the emigrant ships at Port Victoria." • "Oh, she wouldn't have stayed.' She would 'have complained that it was too rough, or too dull, or else the mosquitoes and sahdftes would have eaten her up. And I'm so anxious to get that wretched debt cleared off. I don't want to add to expenses, es pecially as I brought you nothing. That's being practical, isn't it? " "You're a splendid old dear. I'm bound' to say there's not another woman I know, bronght up likeyon, that would work in the same way to keep things together. As for the debt, if I could get a couple of good seasons and a market for fat cattle I'd soon clear it off, and we'd take a trip home and then settle' down on your beloved TJbi in the heart of civilisation. Confound that woman ! When is she going to fetch me up something ' to eat?" *' Y Ho went noisily to the staircase and called down. - After a few minutes a young woman, who had been serving at the bar, bronght in a tray with cold beef and bread and a bottle of whisky. Tregaskiss threw off his coat, poured himself ont some whisky and water, and called to his wife.to come in and " yarn." She obeyed the peremptory call without a mur-. mur, though she had loin down again Upon the bed ibeside the baby, and was in truth almost worn out. She waited upon her husbiind while he made a hearty meal, and chatted cheerfully upon Leora concerns the while, having, it appeared, quite recovered from her sentimental mood. They talked about the delinquencies of the "Gripper," otherwise Mr. - Cusaek ; the new boundary between Wombo and Brinda Plains; the sur- . veyors to be employed; the stockkeeping capacity of a "new chum" lately installed at Mount "Wombo; the "tally"ofthe last branding. It was not till Tregaskiss had lighted his pipe and tilted back his chair that ho was struck for the second time by his wife's wan looks, and again declared she looked like a ghost. He insisted upon giving her some weak whisky and water, and ex pressed compunction for having kept her up,' fussing over her in a manlike, unhelpfal manner, which, at intervals took the form of scolding. Why' didn't she look after herself better? What was the use of leaving Port Victoria before she was quite strong ? Why would she nurse the baby, wbea sbe -knew - Bho wasn't fit for it? On the last point he waxed persistently wrathful. "I wanted to>" pleaded Clare. "I think I have'read thatmothers always care more for the. children they nur3e themselves. It'a an outlet for " she stopped. s . "An outlet for what ? " ' "For the foolish fancies, perhaps, that you have been scolding me for.'; . "What has put the notion, into your head?" asked Tregaskiss/; "You know that the phild dregs you to pieces." . "I didn't nurse the other two," she said in a low voice, " and they died, and I don't tbink l was half sorry enough, poor little things." . • - • [to EE CONTINUED XEXT WEEK.] 