[?] I A WEIRD START, i il s \ TOLD BY A DEEr-SEA B f ENGINEER. R " Hullo, Logan, glad to see you've picked up. Here's Mr Danvers— he's fond of paying us a visit down here." I had just got into the engine-room of the Ocean Monarch, bound for Cape Town. I was the secona engi neer, and had come aboard a week ago scarcely recovered from a low fever. This was my first appearance, and the Chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr Danvers, one of the passen gers with whom I had made great friends, smiled. "Sea air does wonders," said he. "I suppose I had better depart in peace, as you, loo, will have plenty to do." "Ob, no hurry," said Patersou, "You know we shipped some fresh stokers, Logan ?" "Yes— two," I answered; "how do you find them?" "I have no complaints." I opened the door of the stoke-hole and looked in. Danvers put his head in belli ud me. He always said the great l'ed eye of the fire had a fascination for bim. The furnace door was open, and one of the men was flinging on coals. The hot glare of light fell on him as he ' moved backward and forward. He looked weird— terrible. I turned back hastily to Pater, son. "Who is the third man?" I said. "Third man." What do you mean ? ;What's the matter, Logan, you are quite white?" "There are only two men," said Dan vers, following me back into the engine- room. , We heard the clang of tlio furnace door. I looked from one to the other. I felt scared. 1 suppose I showed the feeling, for both men seemed concern ed. ( : "Three?" I said, in a curiously ques tioning voice, as if I were not sure of what I had seen, "Thompson (that was the stoker who had been with us for years) "and the new men— 1 don't know their faces." . "You'd better go to the doctor again," said Paterson. "I was in there five minutes before you came; there were Only Thompson and Holker. one of the new hands there; and nobody has gone ® i'ii since." . "You see double, Logan," said Dan vers smiling. I was silent. Nothing could have been easier tliaii to return to the stoke hole and there and then settle the mat ter; but I had a sort of shrinking from seeing again that strange red figure, and preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later, it seemed pro bable that the others were right. The fierce light might produce all manner of effects, and the third man had certain ly looked shadowy enough to be only an optical delusion. But the second time I saw Holker was in. broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the engineers' cabins, and again there seemed someone behind him— an other man: a filmy shape, and yet dis tinct. I felt paralysed. There was no thing remarkable about the stoker. He was a quiet man, rather "close" with his mates, and, therefore, not much liked; but we engineers found him a . — good worker. I thought the fever was still hanging about me: yet I felt, strong and well, slept soundly, and ate as only a con valescent can. I took to watching Hol ker, although I had a horribly nervous feeling about hiui. I asked Paterson and. the third engineer if they saw any thing odd about the man. Nothing at all,- they. said. Couldn't they see, I thought, that something always behind the stoker that wasn't a likeness of him. Whenever I saw him, I saw it, too— in the lurid glare of the fire, about the lower deck and passages, in the t:resli sunshiny air— always that other .man, like some haunting fate. . Was I toad, or was every one else blind? "Danvers," I said one night, as lie and .1 were walking the deck smoking, "do -you believe in uncanny things?" -"Do. you mean ghosts?" , "Not exactly. I wish you would let .toe tell you something; only don't laugh -at me." . "Not for worlds. I am not an entire -unbeliever, and I know you have very .devout beliefs in these things," said Danvers. "Thanks. It is about this Hojker. Do you remember when I first saw him ? , £ told Paterson there were three men." i "Yes." "There were three figures. God ,.cnows whether the third was a man," -I said In a trembling voice. "It is no fancy— I have proved it to be none. I ;&m; not 111. My nerves are not unkinged ; they are steady as yours. Always I see behind Holker a shape " "What you Scotch call a 'wraith'" -paid Danvers, "a warning of .his death." A '.'wraith" is a likeness of the person dvarned. This shadowy form is not in the least like Holker, "What does it mean ? " I said, pausing by bis side. There was a sort of despair in my heart. "Why do I alone see it?" Is there something for me to do, and I do not know what?" I could feel that Danvers was sym pathetic, though he was silent. "It is very strange," he said, thoughtfully. "It may be that you alone are a ghost- seer. I have read that some people never can see anything." "You do uot doubt me, then?" "I hardly know what to say. Can you describe this appearance?" "It is as clear as day, though misty. It is a young man's face. He has a white, transparent complexion, like a person in had health; thin, aristocratic features; the fair hair falls in curls over the forehead; the eyes are brown —womanish eyes, soft and wistful " I paused suddenly. I had been talk ing as if to myself, hardly noticing Dan vers : but an exclamation from him checked me. To my surprise he had turned pale. "Should you know the face?" he said, in a hurried way. "You mean in a picture?" "Yes." "Come to my cabin," said Danvers. We went below quickly, and when we reached his cabin iie fastened the door He seemed excited. He unlocked a desk that he took from a travelling case, and laid a photograph in my hand. My blood turned to ice as I looked. I could not speak, nor even utter a sound. There was the face I had just des cribed. "I see-you recognise it," said Danvers. He sql down and covered his face, and I la id -the photograph on the table. He seemed agitated. I felt curiously calm. " Something you were to do," said Danvers at last. "You have done it." "How? I have done nothing." "You have told me." "Told you? Yes, because I could no longer endure siieuce. What then?" "I'll tell you— and you must help me. I am not: travelling for pleasure " "I knew thai," I said, a little dryly. "Ah. You are quick, but you kept your counsel, so it didn't matter. I am a detective." " What," I said, springing up, my heart beating wildly. "Hush. Sit down again. I was sent on the track of a murderer. We had certain information that he had escaped to Africa some weeks ago. He is uot there— he is here." "Holker, the stoker," I whispered. I sat overwhelmed. Danvers quickly regained something of his professional quietude. "That face," he said, pointing to the photograph, " is the likeness of Mr. Louis Temple— a young man of means and an invalid, who was murdered by his man servant. Perhaps you have heard." "No. 1 was ill— I heard nothing." "The man was a trusted servant, half nurse. The murder— a peculiarly hoi- rible one, on a defenceless man— was committed evidently for purposes of robbery. We shall find some of the spoil in Holker's chest. The murderer escaped, but we have evidence that will surely hang him. Now, do you see how great a service you have uncon sciously done? But for this strange in terposition the murdered man would probably never have been avenged. Our false information would have misled us. and while we wasted time in recti fying it, Holker would very likely have been lost to us altogether." .'.'I see," was all I could say. "Now I have iny hand on him," said the detective. "He is, of course, dis guised. I will arrange a plan, in which I shall need your help to strip him of liis disguise. I will arrest him, and he and I will be put ashore at the first port we touch at, and return to England." "Claim my entire services," 1 said. "I can hardly yet believe I am in my right senses. Why was I, who knew nothing of the circumstances — who was igno rant of the existence of this Louis Tem ple — why was I chosen to bring this horrible crime to light?" "Ah, there we get into the unfathom able," said the detective, "beyond me, and beyond wiser and better people than I. I don't see liow one could get over the facts— which is all we have to do with." That argument did not satisfy me, though I knew I never could get be- yoiid it The strange, the awful thing was. that the next time I saw Holker the. shadow was gone. We made our plans, and I soon saw how necessary my aid was. I was thrown much more across the stoker than Danvers was, and the initial move ment was to drug the man, to get him into my cabin under pretence that he was ill, and there satisfy ourselves of Ills make-up. I shall never forget the grim delight of the detective wti this plan succeeded and the wretched cri minal was revealed in the insensible man before us. That was his last hour of freedom. He came to, to find himself the prisoner of the quiet passenger, Mr Danvers. It was a terrible scene. The man could not understand how he had been dis covered when the detective said he him self had not made the discovery, in the midst of the Wretch's frightful rav ings, we learned that he had purposely missed the ship be had been reported to have sailed in, and had fastened on the Ocean Monarch. In his chest were found jewels plate, money— all iden tified as the missing property of tne unfortunate Mr Temple. There was honor from stem to stern when it was known that we had a mur derer on board. Sailors are supersti tious on this point— and justly so. I think no one breathed freely till Holker (that wasn't his real name, by the by) had been removed from our ship. I, myself, was the sensation of the hour, but I tried to avoid curious questioners. There was something too awesome to me in the mystery to allow me to dis cuss it with every idle tattler. Was what I saw the spirit of the murdered man, silently crying for vengeance? I devoutly beiieve it was. But the ques tion I had put to the detective remains unanswered — why was I made to play this part? The story got in the papers, and I was interviewed by more scientific men of all nationalities than I can remem ber now. It is years ago. The detec tive is dead, the Ocean Monarch is run ning her last trip. So all things come and go. And it's time I went below and looked after my engines.— L. Lans- feldt, lu the "Yankee Blade." 