THE FORREST EXTENSION. An enthusiastic meeting of the Apollo Bay, Barramunga, Wangerrip, Beech Forest and other supporters of the Forrest extension was held in another part of Ditchley Park. IMr J. H. Shepherd, presi dent of the new league, Beech Foreset to Forrest, occupied the chair. Mr Palamountain moved that Mr. Fred. Martin be appointed secretary. Mr Hayes seconded. Carried. Mr M'Kelvey, Apollo Bsy, suggested that the leagues should enly be recognised as branches, and that there be one league, viz., " Forrest Extension to Wattle Hill.' Mr A. Farrell, on behalf of the new Beech Forest League, said they would-accept that as sufficient for all purposes. Mr Stanford, Apollo Bay, moved that the various leagues combine. Any honest man must admit that the Forrest extension was the line that would open up the resources of the forest and add to the national wealth. Mr Hayes seconded. Carried. Mr Webster, Princetown, said he desired to explain why they who had so lnmg remained neutral now supported the Forrest extension. It was: because this was the route that would open Bp the country; as patriotic Australians they could not support the Colae extension which went through 20 miles of heath. The Colac people wanted to trade with them. Mr Stasford said the Colas and Gelli brand River people hadn't a ghost of a chance. Their attitude was railway ob struction; not railway construction. If they were wise in their own interests they would not advocate it, as the money would eventually go to Geelong or some other centre, After considerable discussion it was decided, on the motion of Mr Palamountain, seconded by Mr Chatham, that each league appoint two delegates to the executive to carry on the business. Mr Palamountain pointed out the wisdom of this course, as many had involved tremendous sacrifice to be present that day, and could not always be expected to attend. The gathering that day showed the energy, self demnal and enthusiasm of the people who had come long distances. Mr A. Farrell said it was necessary they should act at once or the Railway Committee might give their de cision before the fresh information had been despatched. Mr Farrell, continuing, said that some information received led to his going to Melbosrne instantly, which was p obably unknown to his Colas friends. The in formation was invaluable froSi the. fact that the Colas figures reere given as correct and they were against them. He found, however, that the Colac figures were not correct. (The Herald representative; They are Mr Rennick's). Mr Francis had only finished another survey from Borra munga a few days ago, so that Colac had not the recent figures at all. The probable cost of construction, however, had not been made up yet. The recent survey was the best. The figures which he was going to read were signed by Messrs Rennick and Kernot, as follows:-Colase to Carver's. narrow gauge 404 miles, grade 1 in 40 in and out; broad gauge 374 miles, grade 1 in 25 in and 1 in 40 out. Cole to Webb's -narrow gauge 324 miles, grade 1 in 40 in and out; broad gauge 29. miles, grade 1 in 25 in and 1 in 40 out. Forrest to Webb's; via Bsrwon Valley-narrow gauge 21t miles, grade 1 in 45 in and out. This beat the five feet three grade. Forrest to Webb's-broad gauge 181 miles, grade 1 in 80 in and 1 in 40 out. A large number of figures relative to the estimate of cost of construction werp given, the principal of which wezp that the 324 miles of narrow gapge from Colas to Webb's at £2500 per mile would cost £81,875. ThIis at 4 per cent would require to earn £3275. which would by 12 miles of good country (Colac, he knew, did not like it) wvs equal to £273 per mile. The 181 miles of broad gauge from Forrest at £5000 a mile would coat £92,500. The money that this line would have to earn, divided by 16 miles of good country, was equal to £231 5s per mile, or £42 less than the Colas narrow gauge, and would only cost £10,625 more to construct. The 21) miles of narrow gauge from Focrest would cost £53,750, or £28,125 less than the narrow gauge from Colae,which amount would carry the line on Wattle Hill, and would only h. ve to earn £134 7s 6d per mile, or £138 12s 6d less than the narrow gauge from Colas. The Colas advocates statedthat a narrow auge would never be constructod from orrest, but it was actually more practic able than from Colac. If a narrow gauge wag to come it would be from Forrest. Wilth''irgad to the distances Colae was igain wnon: 'Friom Wjibs to Forresrb ws 181 ij?iles, and froni Forrest to Mel~Boirae 1034 milds--total 12I~ miles; frdio W bIt f Colaso29l~miles; fromu Colac to Mlelbourie 924-'oia l?l 5miles, er a difference in favor of Fqrrest of '3 mile?s. The narrow gauge foi Whebb's to Melbourhne via Frrest was 124) miles, and from Wekb's via Colae 1284 miles, or a difference in favorv of feeetp 34 riles. With egard todBallarat he Cqlac figres were again wrqng' accord gR to ti.e latest tnSormation. It was stattid t lse l-7 mias but th'e figures now showed ht i?w onlya 13 miles. He wished to to s ~ a ot uld not be their taiet pr omei time to cipe. FpptbisI he ?ep.a~mepm t Tather than expend tie vast amunt reuyuir in' the pnstueip of the line from Boeaso to Bajlarg fo t4e material benefit to be derived would charge freight on the shorter distance. The line from Colac would leave 60,000 acres in the Eastern portion of the Forrest wholly un developed,whileto construct itwould be like ihowte 2f,l24 in the ocean. The narrow gauge foeO"Foirem ? or.n ' ~puiped to earn 4730 per haniiu, gusofe Zit 1.J4s would guarantee £600 hd'raliit~ £4,00b o tha there was onty £750 'to ha "r? e ' ib presentative: The Forrest li ast 1, C ap and the sbort coekspur ?? the Colac'to Baflara?:exstei saon only a o.aa a third of that sunm. " NF Polarnountaln replied that tbhere had been a great bunder is the initialoitlay. The Deans MarBh estaion was gCeaB waste of public money. The H.rald repreeentasive: Take away te'Deans Marsh station, £19,000, and the ine p gtjll £6000 behind, Besides, Mr -?enici and h.?s .P, pBo engineered that line, were m oPce today Mr Hayes itepped into the arena, ang said that they had been called bisoklsaliders and urneoats, brit they had never agreted ao the Colso line; the question of route was always'left open. ,e called on Mr Harri. son1 the aec(e~ary of tbe .eeph Fopeat League, to reas the minutes to poe this g aoaertibn. Mr Harrison supported Mr Hayes. They c had never:agreed to a route from Colac or anyv other point. The Herald represeutative: Why, you were a branch of the Colac League. You all turned up and supported a unanimous 1 re-olution in the Victoria Hall in favor of [ t the Colac line at the mostlargelyattended meeting ever held in connection with rail- c way matters. Mr Hayes : That meeting was all ar ranged; it was a case of you scratch my hack and I'll scratch yours. The Herald representative: Then your present chairman (Mr Shepherd) did a bit of the scratching; he was one of the speakers who shpported the resolution. It was decided that a copy of the reso lutions be forwarded to the Railway Committee. The members of the executive were ap pointed, and a hearty vote of thanks was passed to Mr Farrell, which was carried by the meeting singing," For he's a jolly good fellow." Mr Farrell responded. He read the petition and the various reasons in favor of the Forrest extension, a hich he asked them all to sign. From information received he was firmly convinced that if the selectors worked unitedly they would have a railway in course of construction into the forest in two months. (Applause.) " A hearty vote of thanhs was tendered to the press on the motion of Mr Palomoun tain. The Herald representative responded. The locals press had, he said, spent time and money in advertising far far and wide the resources of the forest, and, of course, if they got the benefit of it now it was one of those things things that could not be helped. Ntitwhthtanding 3 all that had been said they still believed that the Colae line was the one that ought to be constructed and the one that would pay 'he best. However, no matter what com ments were made or whatever differences of opinion there were they cou'd depend that The Herald would always endeavor to give them a faithful report of their meetings. (Applause). 