THE QUEER COLONEL Twelve months had passed since Buridoora taught me to expect neither bowels of compassion nor soul of appre ciation from any corporation. X liftd liclcoci Eunaoora into snape, taken up 300,000 acres of neglected coun try, that is, fenced and watered it, cleared out the' rabbits, and my last shearing season sent down 1500 bales of wool from 100,000 sheep. Then it seem ed time for an advance, but the board in town didn't feel justified. : Anybody could manage Bundoora then', they knew that. I knew it betterthan they did, but didn't realise it half so well, and that's how it was I came to town with a proud stomach, and Tom Martin my overseer, stepped into my shoes at a hundred a year less. . Land com panies in Australia have cunning, if they lack bowels. And twelve months' compulsory idleness teaches a bushman some humility, even if It falls to teach a jockey honesty. I felt humble and eager, when an old stock and station firm asked to see me early, and I arriv ed alt the door before the firm. Yes, it was right, not much of a job, but "the salary will be fair, and the re sponsibility, well, it will be complex. "You see,"- said old Beecher, "the Ben- doe wool's got to come down, and the Colonel, well, -we've queer accounts of him. Can you start to-night? Your business will be . to bOBS the shed, but it's more than' likely you'll have to boss him', too. Got the wool down, any how, and if all we hear is true you might stay on Bondoc as long as it suits you." . , This sounded mixed, but hopeful. I got my papers and started that night. Bondoc was east, of the Bogan. A night in the train; and a day and a night by coach: A buggy met me at the sta tion gate, and I couldn't get away from tho idea that there was a scared look about the whole concern. The -man, horses, trail and harness looked as if they had lately seen a ghost. When we got along the track a bit Mick, the driver, ventured a remark. "Ye'll be knowing the Colonel, sorr?" No,' I had not known the Colonel. ;M!ck heaved a profound sigh, but ven tured no further. A half mile in silence arid I resolved to take soundings as far as might be possible. . "You lcnow I'm coming to take charge, Mick?" "I judged that much." "Then toll me, will you, how the Colonel ' lb just now. Of course I've heard all about hirii, but he may have changed since. I left Sydney, new, de velopments rind so ;on. What's his exact present condition, that's what I want to know?" , ' ' "There does be no change whatever,", answered Mick. "Still the old games, eh? . VWhat do they be, sorr?" ' "Oh, um! When was the docts? up last?" , "Dlvil a" doctor . will the Colonel see.". "Does he sleep pretty well, eh?" "Sleep ls .lt? The dlvil a wlnk'of sleep did he see tills month past;". ; This seemed like touching bottom, hilt M.lck's next remark sent me right adrift again. "I tell ;' ye, sorr, if he could once be, dacently drunk there would be hope for him, but he can't, GmT help him." "Can't,, aye?" "No, sorr.;- There 'do he a e'urse on. him in that way, and if T myself '11 see the end of it, dear knows. His own cook- is-.gon'e, and the blaekfellow, his injin that was. an' ithe married couple do be in fear and tlirlmblln'/by day arid nlgflit'; - but.- ye'll see, sorr,. soon enough." v JSoon enough we got up. to the home station. Things looked a- bit crazy about the garden and verandah, flowers run wild, and'beds trampled, bOsnmock hung askew, and, chairs kicked'over, but. it was a gentleman's home; you could' see at a glance, and that does not al ways go without saying, even on big stations in Australia. We pulled up at the gate, and I got down; there was a hullabaloo, of dogs, | arid a sharp angry voice chiding them. "Down there, fa than! Tamal! Sikh, ! you scoundrel, down!" The door operied, and a full half-dozen broke out, beauties every one, from the silky Gordon setters to the bit of a, wiry-coated Sky, scarce as big as your foot. The Colonel fol lowed; no need of a second glance to tell: that; a tall . old fellow, perfectly dressed in Kahkee; white boots and pith helmet, grey moustache, and fierce, but, as it seemed to me, by no means wild grey eyes. Natural complexion lost for ever in a fine deep bronze; thick malacea stick with a silver top, and the stride of a soldier. ) He saluted as we met, and offered his hand. 1'Glad to see you. Belcher wired. You're Frhser, of course?" We went inside and he looked on. the side; board for -spirits. -The decanters were empty. Then for the first -time a queer look' did come into- his, 'eyes,: and he. seized - a handbell , /arid;-:' l'an-g an alarum. ' ji N6bJpdy- tiSp.pearffi?.;i'!iParddri? :iriej"A Saids|her'-with - ''stlff -bow, ' and dashed outside. Ton. seconds later I heard a' rifle shot, another and another, ,and made out; myself then in haste, but with caution; Tie was ori - a. back, ver andah blazing away with -a .Winchester.. The bullets cut through the boughs of some leafy kurrajongs, the horses' snorted in the sables, the dogs -bayed around him ' furious. When the maga zine was emptied (and she. evidently knew the capacity and had counted the shots) a woman appeared at ' the kit chen door. "For the love of Heaven, Colonel dear." ; "For- the sake of decency,; woirinn dear." . , " "It is but making myself decent, I was, Colonel." "Attend- my bell, then," and he turn ed to me, "What is to be done' in such a place; as this, when orie's servants en ter into, conspiracy? My own man has gone; and a syce who has followed me for fifteen years also. Come in. I will- explain it all to you." We returned to the dining-room, the woman following, trembling and mak ing Imploring gestures to me. He turned on her at the door, "Bring spirits and water." She vanished. He sat down, a bit shaky, as I noticed then, but still, as It seemed, sane. Tho spirits were brought. I took the usual quantity. He filled a tumbler with brandy and drank It neat. "An'd now," said he, "let nie. tell you the meaning of this busi ness. I choose — I have always been a man of whims— to live for, three months on . brandy solely. Say it is foolish; that is my business; and my servants here, one after another, revolt against me. That creature presumes to thwart me, and I can only compel her obedi ence as you have seen." I began to get the weight of the busi ness tolerably well. "You will drink more?" I declined. "As you will. I do pot seek to impose my whims on others." He drank- an other tumbler, and I thought Mick's wish would surely be fulfilled. : . If a riian did not get speedily druhk at that rate he must be queerly constituted. . A little more conversation, arid' we agreed to ride- to the shed in the after- noon. He rang again, and the woman ap pearing he desired her to show me to; my l-oorn and to return with more spirits.- She obeyed quickly enough, .but-, not a chance did 1 get for a word with her; for he followed us out oh to the. verandah, and whether; by chance or of purpose did not for a nioirient let her out of ills sight. 1 reckoned it a queer fix, and queerer still when returning in half, an hour the second bottle was near enough drained, and still not a sign of stag gers or drowsiness about him. Lunch was laid l'or one. "I mentioned my whim," said he, beckoning me to the table, and I did not venture to expostu- late. _ . He drank another bottle arid ordered the horses round. The beasts were scared as the buggy horses. He had a good deal of difficulty in mounting, and the man still more in handing him up his Winchester. I proposed - carry ing it myself for a spell and he turned on me with a scowl, "Do you propose also to join In the revolt Mr.Fraser?" What I did propose was to make a bee-line for the nearest police station, but on second thoughts resolved to see one night through at the least. It was a seven miles ride down to the shed, and the shearers were already camped in the huts. They did not turn out as we approached. I said "Shall we fix a time for calling the roll to-morrow? If you'll ride over to the shed I'll call them out." "I'll call them out," said he, and up went the Winchester again. The six shots were fired, and, as at the station, the door opened. About forty men straggled out, some looking mutinous others afraid. He spoke as if his summons had been quite in tho ordinary way.' "This is Mr. Fraser. He takes charge from to-day." "We'd like to have a word with. Mr. Fraser, Colonel," said a tall chap who looked like a ringer. "As many as you like, please," and -to my surprise he turned' and rode across to tho shed. Then out It all came. The Colonel they, held, was mad. He had lived on. brandy for a week, and brandy would neither make him drunlc nor send him to sleep. The overseer was out muster ing, the storekeeper had gone to town for Instructions, all , the servants at the head station except the married couple had bolted, and they had awaited my arrival before, sending for the police, What was to be done? "Let one of you," said I; "saddle up, and bring in the nearest doctor; tell him what's wrong, and say I suggest chloroform or morphia; the rest wait.'' Just then, "Fraser! Hi!" came -across from the shed, and: before .1 had time to reply the fusiiade "began,- and the now- familiar six-bullets whizzed over our -heads. I counted them this time, and then- rode across fast. He made no apology, and I- sought none. We talked for half an hour. about necessary arrangements, and agreed that the roll should , be ; called at nine next morning. He sat beside me while I conveyed this information to the shearers, so that further talk with them was impossible. . Arid' then we rode, home quietly enough. I got one word with Mick at .the stable-door, "Tell them to make no! at tempt to stop his grog till I give or ders." Had that order been obeyed this story might have, had another ending. . Dinner, he told rrie, would be served at seven, and taking my cue from his own style I dressed. He appeared himself in a military uniform. I could see that another bottle had been em ptied, and yet I he seemed and, indeed, was fit to appear in any society in the world. It was a service for one as be fore, but he faced me at the table, and pledged me in tuihblers of puro brandy. Despite all that Mick had told me, I eould not but think that a time would come when he would go under the table, and thus enable me to get him to bed, and keep him there till the doctor arrived. 'But the table was cleared, and I smoked out two full pipes while j he emptied another bottle, and still his i voice was clear, and he walked the ve randah, in intervals of conversation,- in ' soldierly style. About ten the woman filled the decanter once-more, and gave me a scared and as I thought a beckon ing look as she left. That quart of hard liquor lasted till near midnight. And then he rang once i more. There was no response, I sug- A merry Christmas, good old chap, Though seems to me ' the chance is small Of Christmas cheer! that's worth a rap, Or any Christmas prog at all. No duff, no grog, no bones, no beef, Though if we make to Bogan West - I'll barrack for my pint of dust, And you must battle with the rest; There's not much -Christmas life but here; '-. . .> The winds don't sound like Christmas chimes, And files, .and locusts in the trees Don't make you think of Christmas rhymes. We lambed that last cheque dowri too fast. ':; a- ' I did, old man, you watched the swag. ' Maybe 'twas-luck we madea start With three days' rations in the bag.' We should have seen the old year out, -And managed then to make a start, . With three months'- drovln' right ahead And swag and ..tucker in the cart. But keep your liead up, good old chap; We don't die easy, -you and I.' We've known worse Christmases than this, . . And lived 'em. through and passed 'em by. - - - - - - 'Twas Christmas when.' we missed the springs . ' Out back there on the West Paroo, And left tho tucker, tents, and swags. But thirty mile I carried you. gested that the people had gone to bed. "We will rouse thorn," said he, and went for the Winchester. No door was opened and no light appeared. He did not lose his temper, but said, "There is an octave in the cellar, I know; will you help me to broach it?" It did not seem to be advisable or op portune to protest and we descended to the cellar together. There were two casks of claret un touched, and at least half a dozen empty spirit casks. But the full octave was not to he found. I suggested that we should tap the claret. "In your inter est, certainly," he said, "but I require brandy." There was no brandy in the cellar, and when he arrived at absolute certainty about this, his temper begun to quicken. , "You can have had no hand in this, Fraser, you have had no opportunity." I replied a bit testily, arid he instant ly apologised. .."It is Johnson and his wife, meddling idiots. Lead the way up stairs, will you?" I obeyed, hut contrived also to get hdld of the Winchester before liim. He scowled for a moment, then burst into a loud laugh. "What, ' are you going like all the rest? Very well, then, give them a volley yourself. It is the .only summons they will not .disobey." . ' , The shots were fired in vain. Then his quickening passion began to blaze. He looked about for an axe and strode across to the married couple's . quar ters. .A half dozen blows and the door fell In. Then the truth was clear, they had bolted like the rest. I caught sight of Mick hovering about In the shadow of the stables and called him. Ho saw the rifle in my hands and came. - ' The Colonel turned on him, What do you know of this, sir?" "What is it to be knowing, Colonel, then?" , "Have you had a hand in stealing my brandy?" "The Dlvil a hand." "Well, I believe you, Mick, and they can't have taken it themselves. It's a plant, I see, a plant. Hand me the rifle, Fraser, and you, Mick, unloose the dogs." The whole half-dozen were haying round him in a few seconds, and he led them down into the cellar. They seemed to suspect rats for a while, but immediately he brought them up again, fell in with his own. idea. "I do not know if there actually' was scent in the air, or if they took it for a 'possum hunt, but away the whole lot went, nose in air, through the paddock, and after them the Colonel with cheering cries, "Hey! And him, Tamal." "Ho!, seek him, Pathan!" "Hold him Sikh!" I followed with Mick, curious enough. They stopped beneath dozens of trees with silvery-haired 'possums lying along the boughs. They nosed about hollow logs, and rabbit holes, arid at length Pathan stood pointing for a moment at some strange hulk up aloft on the hough of a box- tree, and then broke into a howl, which brought the whole pack about him In a second. The moonlight fell on that bulk, and we knew it for the missing keg. It had been hoisted up there, and lashed securely twenty feet from the. ground. I resolved to have no hand in bringing it down, but the Colonel did not require my aid. He walked about for a while, curiously meditating, then suddenly his eyes lightened with a flash of madman's cunning. "Mick!" "I'm here, yer honor." "Go up to tho house for a washing- tub; a big one, Mick." Mick obeyed. I stood wondering, but the Colonel spoke no word. ; ' Mick returned In about a quarter of an hour with a galvanised-iron tub. "Put it fair beneath that cask, Mick, and stand beside it." Mick obeyed. Then the Colonel stood off about 'Twas Christmas, too, when Paddy Walsh - . Got btished a, week -in -Mallee scrub. He found a -waterhole or. two, . But couldn't raise the sign of grub. And.Paddy— needn't bolt, old man, We aint; dead beat, nor like to be-r He. got old' Baldy 'tween his legs, And whipped his tail off carefully. And then he put tho billy on, ' And made a decent pot of stew, And Baldy, Baldy chawed the bones, And made a tidy supper, too. That was the toughest Christmas Day I ever heard of in tho bush; Though you put in a hard old time. 'That year we met the Bogan Push, YOu know, old chap, we'd' made good cheques; And meant to have a roaring week. 'Twas at the old Dead Firiishi too, West, of the Little Beefwobd Creek. And they came in— 'twas Christmas time— We never grudged 'em drink or feed; And then, but,' Lord, we ought to have knowed; . They shaped according to their breed. You had to make three dlngoes play, . And Bill ;and.I to face the. lot. - They lot)ked"'llke 'Christinas when . 'twas done, Although we got it pretty hot. Rouse up, old chap, we'll stiffen here; There's work and grub and grog to come; twenty paces, took aim, and flred. He bored a hole through the keg exactly at the bung, and a trickle of brandy ; came down. . ."Too slow; we must tap it at the1 spigot," and he sent, 'another bullot just beneath the upper chime. Then the brandy came in a vigorous spurt, splashing and frothing in the tub. The Colonel gave a sigh of pro found relief, arid' looked - on. In ten minutes the whole of the eight gallons were down, and scarce half a pint spilled. He asked me then if I would mind bearing a hand, and I saw noth ing for it but to accede. ' So we walked to the house, the Colonel in his uniform in advance. Mick and myself with the tub between, and the dogs, much mar velling at tho strange game they had brought down, bringing up the rear. "Leave it there on the verandah." I suggested that , we should get ,up, another keg, but lie dernurred. "I will see to what may be left of it In the morning, Fraser, and now let me thank you for. your assistance, and If you are tired nothing hinders your re tiring." I was not tired,, and did not like to leave him in that company, so proposed to smoke another pipe. "As you will, and join me, then, in a glass'1 . ' He entered the dining-room and brought out a silver tankard, . holding about a quart, dipped it full from the tub, and placed it on a little bamboo table. There was a keroserie lamp also on that table. I took a moderate quan tum; he filled his glass. I' prolonged that pipe for a full half hour, and dur ing that time ho emptied the tankard. I resolved then on action. It seemed to me that no man could drinkbrandyat that pace and to that; extent; and live. I should not have felt under stronger compulsion to restrain a man if - 1 had seen him making, with manifest suicidal intent, to a phial of strychnine, a razor, or a revolver.' And yet, as it seems, I was wrong, all wrong. 'For a greater horror than presently befel could not have been. My Intent was to seize and throw hjm, and, with Mick's - assistance, to keep him in restraint, and, as far as seemed advisable, away from liquor until the doctor arrived. ; The favourable mo ment seemed when he was again dip ping in the tub. I sprang then, and had all tho advantage of a first grip, but he writhed round in my arms and got one hand on my. throat. , . "Devli. devil," lie hissed, "like all the rest, all the rest." His breath came full in my face, and never before or since had I such expe rience or sensation. The heat of his blood was distilling the spirit. ' It'eamo to me as fumes of pure alcohol, I could feel its stupefying effects as we writhed together, and my main' thought was, will he kill me if he gets me down? To and fro .we staggered and swayed; and, now, ''my "foot went went into the tub and dashed half the liquor over. The sight of It maddened him, arid he dragged me over towards the table whereon stood the , lamp. We came together against that -table, we went with, it to the ground. I The lamp broke, and. kerosene and brandy broke into blue flame together. I was up in a second; coat-sleeves, beard and hair ablaze. But he. did not rise, and having dashed the fire from myself I dragged him down to the garden and rolled him on a bed of soft mould. But though, iris clothes went out, he would not. The .man was burning. I took handfulls of mould and heaped them on his mouth and nose, but blue flame and horrible smoke burnt through He was absolutely still, and I felt that he was dead, but this twas awful. The -fire had caught on to the veran dah, and the house was. in a blaze by this, but I heeded it no more than a log afire. Mick came yelling out from tho hut, gave one look on what lay at my feet, and went across the paddock as if the devil had kicked liim. < I stood for the first and only time in You keeps your tall a-wagging yet, .While I - must shoulder bag: and drum." . : And so, about the self same time, When city church bells cease to ring. And children's voices raise me strain Of, "H-ark, the Herald Angels' Sing" The old man rose and faced the track, The scrub, the sand, the scorching skies, The hot wind's cruel oppressive breath, . The ceaseless trouble of the flies. No gloria' chant was on his lips, No sacred song of holy joy; He cursed the weary stockman's miles, Or hummed "The Wild Colonial Boy." But, when the river timber rose, And magpie music, sweet and low, Came rippling from the long low line, . All. luriiinous with even-glow, . And ivhen the bell-bird's call rang clear, "No-el! No-el" (who has not heard i In bell-bird's note on Christmas Eve In very sooth that very word?) It may! be to the swagman came, And even to the swagman's dog, Some influence of the Christmas cheer, That's quite apart from prog' and grog, That lingering solace strange and sweet, That everlasting Christmas good, So ail percGived and unexpressed, And very vaguely understood. my life knowing what horror really meant. Not until the Increasing flame roasted mo did I seize the thing by the )eg» and drag it farther and farther back— back to where a couple of myalls had been left by the garden gate. And beneath their silvery foliage, glistening strangely in the great glare, it lay smoking "like a burned-out log." That was what the doctor said when he ar rived next day, "like a burned-out log." No use attempting an autopsy — there is a skull left, a cinder husk, nothing- more. Yet we bestowed that poor husk with reverential care, and. in town it was re ceived and buried with military, hon ours and much genuine mourning, for the colonel had been a gallant soldier. I got Bendoc after that, and manage there still, but a ghost goes with the place which haunts my dreams at times and robs me of necessary rest. 