[' ;-:\::SlibM--Si^i^-i;vg| A Distillery Ghost. v It is pot necessary to fills story. that I. conjugate my- verb ' tojjo' In thepast tense, in -fact, it is a painful eubject to me, so I/will merely ;say that I am, a tramp, of Interest 'to no one, except, by jbhauee to tlie\f armor's dog or to' '-the /pojjce. On the particular, day of which I sneak I had been walklnic since sun rise along, roads where .the hot dust .spurted, under my shuffling; steps, : and where the sight of a solitdrj'' blotcii ? of . ;i5hade waa as gratefiir'as the: clink, of ice to the tHirsty. -.' ?i.:. . I carried a companion in my pocket, a little 'flat, . black companion,' and every now and then, when the prospect became unusually dry and my hunger too insist ent, I raised to my lips .that mouth which alone of all others had been, constant to ?me— the mouth of the bottle.' .'. Towards afternoon; as I marched dog ? gedly on, I became ' aware of a'suddbn cool lapping of shadow over lnyshould er, and glancing about I saw tfoat a;storm was beating up behind me. By some malevolent inspiration I re membered ? having heard that on this very , road stood a disused distillery, a favourite -resting-place for travellers of my description. Not far ahead was a clump of pine ? .trees, and behind. them rose- the outlines of aiTbTd chimney. 'I hurried towards the place, plunging through a tangle of dusty weeds. iuid, sure enough, there stood the building of which I was In search, its sagging roof and bursting walls green with age. -' ' ?; There were two. holes ripped in the [ roof, staring deep and empty as the eyes of a 'skull. I crawled under the door .lust in time, for the next moment I tlie rain came roaring down straight as melted lead. It must have been a dismal I place at best, but now, under the thick I' sky and drumming rain-droips, it was I particularly dispiriting. There were I two rooms on the lower floor with no I visible .means.iof- communication but a Ha wide windows set in tne wall. Tne glass Bb .panes were unbroken, and 'the room be H hind was perfectly dark. Connecting H these roonis with the attic was a rickety 9ft staircase. The earthen floor was cover Hni with a dank -iinesh of pale grass ?Bhliides. I .cowered against the wall [pHatvliilo 'Hip! storm 'boomed and crackled fg over ni.v 'bead, closing niy eyes from Wr tinie to time against the shock of white H fire that .darted through the chinks and ? uudcr tlw dpor._ ' :'. ' ' ' ' ' ? Presently, as I sat with my hot lids 9 drawn down. I felt a startling sense of 9 some pne-iodkingat me ; I turned qnick ? )'y towards the -window of which I have ? »i)f-kon. and there; pressed- against the | rim* glass?, was' a face, peering. at me. 1 .steadily? Oh. fh'g. -horror of that face ! I fur. as I looked, 'the outlines began to I clian go and grow, like some great, colour-. |), less jolly— a soft,' human jelly oozing and I spreading across the-panes. I shut my I eyes, and , .my', ffeaft battered my ribs. I Again I 'looked, .still the face, was there, I only this time i the. slack nionth drew I back in 'a siekening smile, and it ran out I its ldue .tongnei- Clicking -its loose- lips I quietly. I ,striF(.e(VtQ hiyyfeetwitli a, cry, I nnd as I did:sp tlie -window began -to I slide up.. :',-'? . .-_. ? ^?;.:-./. ? .. ,-._..? I I rtropned. toi.the . floor weak with fear, I and the sasfr fell into place again. Then I I realised :thaf: I must lie there,. absqlute- I ly still, for- if rfbse,: the ? window rose,' I too— lie'there- and'J6ok: while that -face; Slet'i-ert : «t. 'me-;from -?'... behind - - the BjWglass. . By-and-by .it .'began - to HF nioye with a '..flaccid,' gelatinous f swaying. I saw it bend over, and raise something from the floor, some l tiling that had been a man. but now hung quite limply in its mouth. It pressed tlie body against the window, laughing silently, and I saw— myself ! God help me .' for the first time in this world I looked into my own face. Myown face I did I say ? No, no ! Some bloated ani I -iii.il, ' purple, pimpled, with eyeballs so I Wood-shot that they seemed to l)e. star I ing through a web of red lace. I How long' I lay there I cannot tell. I At last I moved, and my liana touched I something cold ; it was my bottle,, the I companion of any wanderings. I held I it'iip, and saw that there was still a I drop or two in it. I drained it to the I dregs, and the glad fire warmed me and I made me strong. - '.. I A!t that moment the Thing began to 1 -.raise 'its pallid, horrible feelers, twist-.! j . iucr 'them about; the body it held, snap 9 i-ing the liriibs off; and dropping thejn I into its mouth, where the blue tongue I caressed them hungrily. B It had finished its meal, but it still I , kopt it« vague eyes on me, and then I I realised that 1 was moving, slipping I' quietly towards it ! I clutched at the rotting steps, and they crumbled to brown powder in my. hands. I ground my. fingers into the earth Until there was '. a trail of' Woody mud. after ine. Then . I made one superhuman effo^, .dashed up the swaying staircase, and broke in \--, to the attic. .'...'? I slammed the door and threw myself iiifliTirtliUflAlSiifriiiffiliriiiiLillfili gp'' 1int accursed a sgreat swollen 'disk, sanguine and ?threatening. .1 remember every scene: the jerky ; flitting of a bat, the dark spi\ay..:of 'some Changing vine, and the pounding of my own steps. : I remem ber catching niy ragged shoe in a root that had-'- crawled ?.out'' from the hedge, and hearing a .deep, horrible chuckle ; then. I. fell forward— and' remember no thing, more. . .. ; ' ? ' ; ;, ' ?--It was midnight when 1 became con scious .again. !The nibon had shrunk in to the zenith, and ..was looking at me with its little-white 'eye. I was very weak, and my hands . were- stiff with dry blood. - . ?. _ ., v r ' There was not a living tiling in sight, only the pale ribbon of the de serted road and the gray fields stretch ing away; to the sky. Far on my left stood a clump of pine trees ; behlnd'them rose the outlines of an old diimney, affll, sick as I was, I went hobbling through the night till, the place was lost to. view. 'Then ; I crawled into ^ a damp hayrick— and' slept.— Julie Closson Kenly, in the ' Weekly Sun.' . 