HOW BAUTISTQJS PLOT FAILED. A STORY FROM HISTORY. Ml iu torrents from tho crey- lilack clomK In t li heart of the stonn a little boily or Knsllsb drasoons was s-alli-nlv siilnshlnc and llomidcrina- nlnns the drettolicd road between Gran- ndllLt and KoIvmio. Thcv w<ro s«uKo<1 to the sWn and faint " from loan fasllcs. bat their glootnr silence was fine to neither rein uor hunger. After a hr.rfi-voi) victory -the fatuous Unlit of Tal.irera-tl»\v were' retreating -heCore the ! reach forces, ami tills fillet) them with rage and shame. Keslde the srrint fljnire of Sergeant- Major Barton. Lieutenant Tr.'wor was riding with slack reins. leaving his clever mount to 'pick her own way in the rutty road. A trooper galloped alongside, and saluted. "Major Bruce wishes a few wonts with yon, sir.' Major Bruce, who was In charge of the little force, was a uiau of obstinate and headstrong temper. "Well, Trevor." he Bald, as the hand some young subaltern eattte abreast of hint, "we can't be far from the little village wo noticed on the map — San Marco. raw U not V Send forward a sergeant and a couple of nteb to finfi the road, and to get news from the first peasant fht-y see. If San Marco Is near we will halt there for the night." The lieutenant gave the requisite or- ders. the troopers appointed pushed on ahead, and the rest of the little caval-j cade contiuucd Its march. Soon the scouts returned. the ser- geant with n terrified Spanish hoy lw»- fore liltn in the saddle. The major, frowning at the small and shrieking captive, addressed him stern ly In the hest Spanish he could muster. " Stop your . shouts, you howling brat, and answcr.or I will have you shot How far off Is San Marco"? Which is the. way? And— no licit wind, or you are lost— have you seen any French sol diers in this part .since the last English troops went by":" The prisoner— a tiny, brown-skinned, dark-eyed penpant l»o.v. jverhnps ten years old— was more terrified than ever hv these awful throats. "Let me trv. ma lor." said Trevor at last, and lifting the little captive on his own horse, trotted a few paces apart, talking soothingly In Spanish to the liojr meanwhile. "No, I am not English, my lK>y." he repeated, reassuringly, adding sotto .voce: "L'm Scotch, though. And I won't eat you. 1 am going to take you home. Where do yon live? San Marco? Ah, 1 thought so! And what Is your ratine? Pofiro Seem — that Is a flue name. Isn't It?" Iu ten uiiuutes lie had pacified the lad, nud lesirnt all he could tell— which was not much. San Marco was two miles off on. the lort roan. "Jtotiier" was there. "Mother" worked at some . place whose name he could uot pro- ubunce, and Pedro Iwul seen no French- Soon after ihe trooper trotted Into San Marco— a more desolate cluster of huts—1 with Pedro perched on Lieuten ant Trevor's horse and chatting mer rily of his parents, and of the fierce bulls lie had seen on the hills. The troopers were quartered In 1 Kirns awl stables; the senior officer; with his lleutcunut ami two sergeant-majors, saw that sentries were posted and troopers and horses safely bestowed for the ulght before making for the filthy little Inn, their temporary headquar ters. At the Inn door they were met by an ellv- enntpbocfoned Spaniard. wht» In troduced lilniSL'jf as llautlstM Muerta. steward to Don Miguel de Floras. His master, he explained, liad tied to Por tugal— U»te cruel war bad ruined hlro— but such poor quarters a the don's house. Ki Castello. afforded were at the . English officers' service. "Better stay here, among the men." suggested Trevor to bis chief. "What, In this hole?" retorted the major. "There is not the ghost of a Frenchman for miles; no one lets seen a sign of one. No. I will leave Ensign Fancourt in cliarge here; he can speak the lingo as well as any of us. We will ride up at once." lie said to thestoward. "Pardon, but this Is not possible, seller." replied Mufcrta. "The road is very steep, and dllUcult for horses even by the «lay." " Very good. then, we must , walk." quid the English leader. "And you two .men, llartou uml Ward, had better come, too." "Barton, bring my holsters." wblsper- .ed the lieutenant. Major Bruce tool: no such precautions. A stiff climb up (be hillside In the un certain light of a clouded iuoon brought the party to E! Castello— a rambling, desolate old house, unlit, cave for a dickering light in one window. Fol lowing Muertn into the einptj hall and .up a broad stairway, the dragoon eu- .tered a long aalon. Dark old family portraits occupied one wall of tho room, n few articles of heavy oak furniture stood about, nud a couple of candles were burning oti a small plain table, on which a tasty repast was spread. The muJorH eyes glistened at the sight of two IsDttlcs of wine. A comely woman of middle age. who was busy at the t.iWe, looked curiously at Lieutenant Trevor. ".Shall I show you yntu room, excellency?" she usked lu. Spanish. "Never tulnd that now — Jet's have some supper. I. am famished," cried .the major. His Junior courteously de clined the woman's offer, and the meal commenced. Muertn stood behind the table, obse quious. but watchful. lie left his i>ost for on Instant, however, to cluae the door after the servant on Iter enuy with a fririh dish; as she passed Trevor she wldspeml In his ear. "The tvlne— bewarel" nud Instantly emptied his glass and Barton's Into a dish she was removing. . There was no time for more or a Bau- llsto resumed his post. Trevor, startled by his strange warning repeated It Iu English to Barton. laughing meanwhile, as If at a Joke lie wan niakiug, and rely ing on Hie steward's Ignorance of the language. But he saw with dismay that Major Bruce aud lite sesund rt gmt-mnjor had already drained a glassful each of the. Iswciuge so strangely denounced. Supjier being ended. the table was cleared, pipes \\\vre filled, and the four dragoons nettled down to a lazy hour be fore going to rest. The subaltern.still brooding over his Inexplicable warning, saw his superior oilhvr and Sergeant- Major AVan! were already nodding In their chairs, and bfarunmrtness deepen- 1 od. Their howt had left the salon pre- ceded by the servant, and closing the ' heavy door after bim. "Beg pardon, sir," said Sergeant- Major Barton. as soon :is the soldiers were left to themselves, "but that wo- /nan knows something queer. The so- coud time she cairn in she gave me a look aud slipped a paper Into ray hand; here it is sir." He produced a folded scrap of paper with n few words scrawled on it in ' Spanish; "Why. oh why. would von not ? let me warn you earlier? Muerta Js a traitor. I am sore of It— he sent a sec ret messenger an hour since. The I- ranch— the fifth panel from tho win dow " The note ended abruptly, as though the writer had been suddenly disturlwd. "The fifth panel!" repeated Trevor In bewilderment and alarm. "What can she mean?" He sprang to'hls feet, seized his pfju tols. and strode to the door. It was fastened! He shouted aloud to Muerta —a!! was silent In the bouse save for the echoes his eric awakened. The stout oak door defied tbeshock of his weight and Barton's. "Bouse Ward and the major, man- quick!" he cried; but tho sleepers could not- be stirred by all Barton's shouts ami pushes. Escape by the window, will# two. helpless comrades, Trevor saw to be Im>ossible. '"Trapped!" be said, bitterly, at last, and then rantterod again; "The fifth panel— what can she mean?" He paused before the panel denoted. It Iwre the portrait of a soldier In fif- teonth- eentury war gear, and seemed to differ In no way from the others. He , tapped the wood-work with his sabre's i hilt; It Ring hollow. He tried the next an/1 the next; they sounded muffled and dead. . "I have it!" he shouted. "There is a chance yet. Quick. Barton, drag that big Ift.'uch before the dror.pile the chairs on It— anything to barricade the door!" The puzzled sergeant-major obeyed. "It Is a sllding-pancd. man." the lieu tenant cried; "we must find the spring of It." With eager lingers they searched amongthc scrolls and tlowers carved on the heavy oak frame, but no spring or nob repaid their search. In desperation. Trevor drew one of his horse-pistols from its holster, cocked both triggers, and fired at the head of the portrait. The heavy bul lets tore the canvas and spllntenil tho wood-work beneath. Leaping on the table, he peered through one of the holes just mmle.aud shouted, "I can see a faint light. Barton. Lend a bund to smash this In!" Together they crushed the panel In with the table, their comrades sitting like statues throughout the din. A gaping passage was disclosed, faintly lit by a side grating. Voices and foot steps echoed in the hall. "In with you," the lieutenant cried ; and Barton, bent nearly double under the weight of his brother sergea ut- rnajor, clambered from the table into the opening, with his sword in his right hand, and the major's limp body across his shoulder. Trevor followed. Ulckiug over as he wont the oue candle tbni hud remained alight. \- A voice at the snlou door cried In French: "Yield yourselves, dogs of English ! You are trapped!" The barricade cracked and groaned as the door was thrust inward. Hroplng along the dim passage, strik ing ugalnst beams, aud choked wltli dust, the two soldiers, with their help less burdens, reached and descended a steep flight of steps, unbolted a low door at the foot, uud passed out lo- to the moonlight. "Halt!" cried a deep voice from the shrubbery behind the fugitives, and then udded. In amaze: "Well, be Jnbers, 'lis the llftiiieut and Barton, blioys!" "Yes, here we are, Deuuy," answered Trevor. "Post a strong guard at that gate, quick!" . A dozen Frenchmen, followed by tbc traitor Muerta. Issued one by one through the low door, and one by oue were seised and tied. "Any more glntlemln a-comin'. sorr?" asked Trumpet-Major Denny, while the troopers roared with laughter. "That we must find out," replied the subaltern. At that momout Euslgn Fancourt came round tho angle of the house, fol lowed by a dozen troopers, aud the two little ltaiuls made a cautious seurch.but not another enemy could be found. The main doors were ajar, and with in the house was only the woman who had given Trevor such timely wurulug. "Who told you of our peril?" asked tho lieutenant, turning to Ensign Fau- court. "A little gipsy-looking boy brought a ; note In Spanish," was the reply. - - The woman stepped forward. " The French scouts were following yon all day." she said to Trevor in her native tongue, "hut they were not Iu force en ough to attack you. Marshal Victor offers a big bribe for every British offi cer captured, aud the villain Bautisto's plan was to drug you and then call In the scouts. He suspected me, aud would uot let iuc leave the house, so I sent little Pedro down to the village With a letter." "Wo owe you our liberty, perhaps our lives!" said Lieutenant Trevor, .warm ly. "You must love the English well to risk so much for them." "No." she replied, lightly, with a /are- leas shrug. "French or English, what is that to me who am neither? .But you were good ami kind to little Petlro,' he told rue, and— I am' Pedro's mother." 