' THE WORSHIP OF SATAN' IN FRANCE. ? - ? -- ? A little volume on ' The Worship of Satan in Modern France,' by Mr. Arthur Little (Swan Sonnenscheiu), gives Borne curious particulars of the devil-worship which we are assured is rampant in Paris to-day. M. Haysmans and M. Jules Bois seem to he the chief sources of information on the subject ; and, if their revelafions are to be believed («ys the London Daily Chronicle), all the forms, even the most loathsome, of imbecile superstition have even now lost nothing of their potency over the -weaklings of mankind. We are told that there are no less than four con venticles ia Paris devoted to the creed aud liturgy of the Evil One, and that, for the purposes of their obscene rituals, sacred wafers are frequently stolen from the ortho dox churches. Two pyxes, containing a hundred of these wafers, are said to have been carried off by an old woman in the Holy week of last year from Notre Dame. and the Bishops of Grenoble, Orleans, and Versailles have issued pastorals enjoining greater watchfulness to their clergy. The ceremony known as the ' black mass,' which is performed in these temples of Satan, appears to be a hideous parody of Christian worship. Instead of the fames of incense there arises an intoler able stench from a brazier of henbane and daturra, myrrh, and night-shade. The priest's biretta is adorned with two bison's horns, and his chasuble is of the color of dried blood. All the ordinary religious rites are burlesqued amid circumstances that are indescribable. M. Papu*, said to be the head of Occult Masonry — whatever that may be — in France, declares roundly, nowever, (hat the ' black mass' has been imagined by M. Huysmans, and that, in deed, the whole scare about Satanism is tha ' issue of the sacristies ' — in other words, a comtnerciil speculation on the part of publishers suffering from a stagnant market. One instance, however, of the tendency of diseased minds to take refuge In a grossly material symbolism is a rise of the sect who call themselves Palladists, and appear to date their origin from the American spirit-rapping maaia of the 'sixties, and who, like the Satanists, parody Catholicism. Women — generally spiritual istic ' mediums ' — are said to take a pro minent part in their proceedings, which on great occasions seem to be ludicrously childish. Thus, according to Mr. Little, at the initiation of a ? ' Mistress Tem plar,' the costume prescribed for gentle men is a dress coat, wbite tie, and a large battle-axe, while 'ladies are required to make themselves up as much like Grefk goddesses as the modern balloon sleeve will sanction — the skirt must be looped up to expose the left leg as far as the knee.' If there are any Palladist missionaries in this country we have no doubt the police will keep an eye on them. The present head quarters of this ' Palladi8m ' ere said to be at Home. One of its chief miracle-mongers appear to be a lady, who ' fluidites ' so as to pass through a wall and disappear. Her fee for this remarkable performance ie £200. We make no apology (adds the Chronicle) for calling attention to this ' underworld.' For the public needs to be put on its guard against the recent re crudescence of ^ghost-hunting, cheap thau maturgy, fortune-telling, crystal-gazing, and other manifestations of pure folly grouped together by some people who ought to know better under the fine- sounding title of ' borderland.' The other side of this borderland, there is reason to suspect, is an outer darkness of crapulous wallow ings and sheer mania. The history of the subject in the pa-st should be a sufficient warniDg, with its forged 'Kabbalah,' its hysterical eroticism, its more or les? criminal hanky-panky of a Cagl;ostro and his ' Illuminati.' Humbug and folly are none the less folly and humbug becausp they misquerarde as obstinate questionings of invisible things. Mr. Charles Cowper, the retiring Sheriff, who was appointed in 1870, pre viously represented Tumut and Orange in the Assembly, and it is just possible that he will yet make an effort to re-enter the House. In a recpnt interview be ip reported as having said, ' If I did I think I could make t-ings lively.' He does not believe in the abolishment of capital punishment, but states there should be exceptions in its infliction. He regnrds it as a deterrent for a certain class of murderers. Mr. Cowper is undoubtedly correct 5 a murderer that baa once been banged st-ldom has a tnafie to murder or be frangeg $ n^oml #Wp 