WHEff THE WORLD WAS Y0BNGER. " ' » ' BY MISS Bit ADD ON. CHAPTER XV.— FALCON AND DOVE. "Has your ladyshlp-any commands for Paris?" Lord Fareham asked, ono August afternoon, when the ghnst parity at Millbank was almost forgotten amid a succession of entertainments on land and i'ivor; d fortnight at Epsom to drink the waters: and a forlrilght at Turibridge — where the Qdesu and Court were spending the close of summer — lo warn away the bad effects of Epsom chaly- beates with a regimen of Kentish sulphur. If no body at eltheri resort drank deeper of the medicinal springs than Hyacinth — who had ordered her physician to order her 'that treatment — the risk of harm or the possibility of benefit mas of the small est. But at Epsom there had been a good deal of gay oompany, and a greater liberty of manners than -in London ; for, indeed, as Rochester assilred Lady Fareham, "the freedom of Epsom allowed almost nothing to be scandalous.'! And at Tun- brldgo there were dances by torchlight on 'the com mon. "And at 'the wor-at," Lady Fareham told her friends, " a fortnight or so at the wells helps to shorten the summer." It was the middle of August when they worit hack to Fareham House, hot, dry weather, and London seemed to be living on the Thames, so thick was the thriong of boats going up and down the river, .'M tlmt with an afternoon tide running up It semed an If barges, luggers, and wherries, were moving In one solid block into the sunset sky. De Malfort had been attached to her ladyship's party nt Epsom, and at Timbridge Wells. He had his own lodgings, but seldom occupied them, ex cept In that period between four and five In tho morning and two In the afternoon, which Roches ter arid he called nlglit. His days were passed ohlelly In attendance upon Lady Fareham— sing ing and playing, fetching and carrying, combing her favorite spaniel with the same ivory pocket- comb that arranged Ills own waterfall curls; or reading a French romance to her. or teaching her the newest game at cards, or the last danolng- atep Imported from Fontainebleau or St. Cloud, or some now graco or fashion in dancing, the holding of the hand higher or lower; the latest manner of pa3saglhg in a bran3le or a corrinto, as performed by the French king and Madame Henrlette, tlio two finest dancers In Franco; Conde, once so famous for hlB dancing, now appearing in those gay scenes but seldom. "Have you any commands fori Pariis, Hyacinth?" repeated Lord Fareham, his wife being for tho moment too surprised to answer him. "Or havo you, sister? i am starting for France to-morrow. I shall ride to Dover— lying a night at Sitting- bourne, perhaps— and cross by the packet that goon twice a week to Calais." "Paris! And pray, my lord, what business takes you to Paris?" "There is a groat onllceUon of books to be sold there next week. The library of your old admirer, Nicolas Fouquet, whom you knew in his splen dor, but who has been a prisoner at Plgnerol for a year and a half." ' "Poor wretch!" cried De Mnlfort, "I wacat tho Chamber with Madame de Sevigne very often dur- ! Ing his long tedious trial. Mon dleu! what cour age, what talent he showed in defending himself. , Every safeguard of tho law was violated In order to silence him and prove him guilty; his papers seized In his absence, no friend or servant allow ed to protect his interest, no Inventory takch— documents suppressed that might have served for Ills defence, forgeries inserted by hie foes. He bad an Implacable enemy, and he the highest tn tho land. He was the scapegoat In tho part, and had to answer for a system of plunder that made Mazavin the richest man In France." "I don't wonder that Louis was angry with a servant who had the insolence to entertain his Majesty with a splendor that surpassed his own," said Lady Faroham. "I should like to have been at those fetes at Vau.x. But 'although Faroham talks so lightly of travelling to Paris to choose a few dusty books, he has always discouraged me from going there to see old friends, and my -own house — which I grlovo to think or — abandoned to tlhe carelessness of servants." ("Dearest, tho cleverest woman In tho world cannot be In two places at once; and It seems to me you havo ever had your days here so full of agreeable engagements that you have liardly seriously desired to 'lcavo London." answered Farc-ham, with his grave smile. "To leavo London — no! But thero havo been long moping mouths In Oxfordshire when it would havo been a relief to change tho scene." "Then, Indeed, had you been very earnest In wanting such a change, I am sure you would have taken It. I havo never forbidden your going to Pnris, nor refused to accompany j'ou there. You may go with me to-morrow If you can he ready." "Which you know I cannot, or you would scarce make so liberal an offor." "Thes cliero, you are pleased to bo petulant. But I repeat my question. Is there anything you wunt at Paris?" "Anything? A million things! Everything! Rut they aro things which you would not be able to choose— except, perhaps, some of the now lace. I might trust you to buy that, though I'll wager you will bring mo a hideous pattern — and somo white Cyprus powder— and a piece of tho ash-colored velvet madame wore last winter. I have friondB who can choose for you, If i write to them; and you will have to brlhg tho goods, and see they suffer no harm on tho voyage. And you can go to the Rue de Tou- ralno and son, whether my servants are keeping tlio house in tolerable order." "With your ladyship's permission I will lodge there while I am In Paris, which will he but long enough to attend the snlo of hooks, and see somo old friends. If I am detained It will he by finding my friends out of town, arid having to make a journey to seo them. I shall not go beyond Fontainebleau at furthost." "Dear Fontainebleau! It is of all French palaces my favorite. I always envy Diana of Portiere having bor cypher emblazoned all over that lovely gallery — Henri and Diane! Diane and Ilonrl! All, me!" "You envy her a kind of notoriety which I do not covet for my wife!" "You always take one 'au pled do la lottre ;' but seriously, Madame do Breze was an honest woman compared with the lady who lodges by tho liolbein Gate." "I admit that sin wears a bolder front thin It did In the last century. Angela, can I find noth ing for you In Paris?" "No; I thank your lordship. You and sister are both so generous to me that I have lost tho capacity to wish for anything." "And as Lewln crosses tlio Channel three or four times a year, I doubt wo positively havo the Paris fashions as soon as the Parisians them selves," added Hyacinth. "That is au agreeable hallucination with which Englishwomen have ever comforted themselves for not bellig French," said De Maltort, who sat lolling against the marble balustrade, nursing the guitar on which he had been playing when Fareham Interrupted their noontide idlehoss; "but your ladyship may ho sure that London milliners are ever a twelvemonth In the rear of Paris ' fashions. It is not that they do not see the. new mode. Tlioy see It, and think It hide ous; and it takes a year to teach them that It is the one perfect style possible." "I was not thinking Of kerchiefs or petti coats." said Faroham. "You are a book-lover, sister, like myself. Can I bring you ho books yoil wish for?" "If there was a new comedy by Mollere; but I fear It is wrong to react him since in his late play performed before the king at Versailles, he Is so cruel an enemy to our Church." "A foe only to hypocrites and pretenders, An gela. I will bring you his 'Tartuffe,' If It is printed, Or, still better, 'Le Misanthrope,' which, I am told. Is the finest comedy that was ever written; and the latest romance, in twenty vo lumes or so, by ohe of those lady authors Hya cinth so admires, hut which I own to finding as tedious as the divine Oriiida's verses." "YOU can jeCr at that poor lady's poetry, yet take pleasure In such balderdash as Hudibras." "I love wit, dearest, though I am not witty. Btit as for your Princess de Cleves, I find her Ineffably dull." "That Is becahse you do riot take the trouble Id discover for whom the characters are meant. You lack the key to the imbroglio," said his wife, Svlth a superior air. "I do not care for a hook that is a seriCs of enigmas. Ddri Quixote needs no such guesswork. Shakspero's characters aro painted, not from the pretty models of yesterday and to-day, hut from mankind In every age and every climate. Moilerie's and Calderon's personages stand on as solid a basis, In less than half a century your 'Grand Cyrus' will be insufferable Jargori." "Not more so than yoUr Hamlet or Othello. Shakspere was but kept in fashion during the late killg's reign, because his Majesty loved him — and will soon -be forgotten now that we- have so many gayer and brisker dramatists." "Whoever quotes Shakspere now-a-days?" asked Lady Sarah Tewkesbury, who had been showing a rustic niece the beauties of the rlvei- as se'Cri from Fareham House. "Even Mr. Taylor, whoso sermons bristle with elegant allusions, never points ono of Ills passionate climaxes with a Shalcsperian line. Aud yet there are some very fine lines in Ilamlet and Macbeth) which would scarce sound amiss from a pulpit)" added her ladyship, condescendingly. "I have read all tho plays, some of them twice over. Ahd I doubt that, though Shakspere cannot hold the stage In our more enlightened age, arid will be less and. less acted as the towns grow more re fined, his works will always be tasted by se'ho- lar3, among Whom, in my modest way, I dare reckon myself." Lord Fareham left London on horseback) with but olie servant, in the early August dawn, before tho rostbof the household were stirring. Hya cinth law nearly as Into ot a morning as Henri etta Maria, whom Charles used sometimes to re proach for hot being up In time for the noon day office at her own chapel. Lady Fareham had not Queen Catherine's fervour, who was often at Mass at 7 o'clock, but she did usually contrive to be present nt High Mass at the queen's chapel, and this was the beginning of her day; while for Angela and her iiiecC and nephew the day was old at noon. They had spent hours on tho river, or ih the meadows at Chlswick, or on Putney Heath, ever glad to escape from the great nVArgrown city, Which was now licking up every stretch of green swarid arid every llowery hedgerow west of St. James's-streCt. Boon there would be no country between the Haymarket and "the Pillars of Hercules." Denzil sometimes enjoyed the privilege of ac companying Angela, children, aud the gouver- nante on these riiral expeditions by the great water-way, and on these occasions he and An gela would each take an oar and row the boat for some part of tho voyage, while the watermen rested) and In this manner Angela, Instructed by Sir Denztl, considerably advanced her power as an oarswoman. It was an exercise she loved, as indeed she loved all out-of-door exercises, from riding with hawks and hounds to battledore and shuttlecock. But most of all, perhaps, she loved the river, and the rhythmical dtp of oaris in the fresh morning air, when every curve of the fer tile shores seemed to reveal new beauty. (To be continued.) 