Haunted Houses of To-day. WHAT AN ENGLISH PAPER TELLS ABOUT THEM. One would imagine that the rebuilding which most of our large towns have under gone during recent years would have re moved so many of the houses afflicted with uncanny reputations than an article on "Haunted Houses of To-day" would have been an impossibility. The rattling of chains, banging of doors, creaking of stairs, apparitions who love to steal into rooms lighted by a waning moon, or by fires burnt so low in the grate that long, deep shadows are reflected on the ceiling, seem impos siblilities in these days. Certainly the article would never have been written but for the kindly assistance of a gentleman whose life researches on the subject are be ing embodied in a book shortly to be pub lished. There is a ghost which, despite the In credulity of the age, obstinately declines to leave a certain red brick house in West minster, the stone facings of which have grown yellow with age. Family after family have occupied this house during the past few years. "All, on entering, pro fessed an utter contempt for ghosts; and all, after a short stay, left with great pre cipitation," said the house agent, who ac companied us on our visit. "The explana tion." said my companion, is very simple. With people given to dreaming and waking suddenly out of their sleep, the mind be comes the prey to all sorts of foolish fan cies. These people may laugh at their fears in the morning; but, living in a house said to be haunted, their mind the next night will again be prepared to be deceived. "Years ago this house was the scene of a horrible crime. A wealthy country gentle man, distrusting the local banks, came to London with a large sum of money, intend ing to deposit it in the Bank of England. Arriving late, he stayed for the night in this house, then tenanted by his nephew, who, being desperately pushed for money, murdered his uncle at midnight and fled with his ill-gotten gains. "Since then the room which the victim occupied has witnessed a nightly enacting of the murder. "I am assured"-and here the agent nodded conflrmation-"that numerous occu pants of the room have declared that after they have retired they have seen the figure of an elderly gentleman seated at a table grow out of vacancy. Then a dark, slight man, with an extremely sinister expression of countenance, would become visible. After glaring for a moment with a baleful glance at the glittering pile of gold on the table, he stabs the unsuspecting owner three times in the back, seizes the gold, and stealthily makes for the door. The hour for these visitations is said to vary, the performance on some occasions being repeated several times during the night." Now, this is a practice on the part of modern ghosts which cannot be too strongly reprobated. At Holland House, Kensington the ghost of the first Lord Holland, who was executed for high treason, keeps his time, and appears only once each night. Punctually at lnidnight his lordship quietly walks from an alcove to the centre of the Gilt-room, with his head under his arm, gazes at some blood-stains on the floor, which obstinately refuse to be effaced, heaves a few soft, well-bred sighs, and theno quietly retires. No one objects to this at Holland House, I am told, for the simhnple reason that no one uses the Gilt-room; but as in every, middle-class ghost-haunted house which I have inspected the ghosts invariably select the best room for their performances, the result is bound to be a tenantless house and a caretaker who may be relied on to keep the story alive. With large and roomy old country man slons the loss of one room makes but little difference. When the Earl of Strathmoro,a short time since, found that the midnight perambulations in the corridor, in full armour and clanking spurs, of one of his ancestors of peculiarly evil repute led to constant vacancies in the domestic staff at Glamis Castle, he made short work of the Intruder by walling up the room from which he issued. The ghosts, too, of most county families have a properly authenticated pedigree. Their portraits are generally to be found I1n the hall or picture gallery; anid if the eyes are hollow and unfathomable, and their, general look depressing, you know that their appearance is due to the commission of some dreadful crime which happened years ago. In a suburb of London there is a house the ghost of which persistently remains in visible; and why he is there no one knows. The last tenants left three months a'go.I am; told that resident after resident has left, owing to a belief that the ghost was either, sitting in tile family circle, ort dogging their, footsteps up and downi the stairs. In another house in the south of London ant unsecen ghost is accustomed to announce its presence by a current of icy-cold air., The feeling of dread which would steal over; any sensitively-constituted person on hear ing so terrifyiug a story would make thd6 presence of currents of icy-cold air oe tromely frequent. , From a letter written me by a resident of Guildford it would seem that in a country so close to London as Surrey a belief in' ghosts still flourishes. The Earl of Onslow. has a charming residence, Clandon Parr, near that town. Years ago his house was the scene of a horrible murder, tihe details of which are of such a creapy desclriptlon' that I shall forbear all detailed mention of them. Suffico it to say that It deals with a black dwarf of revolting aspect, who was bribed to murder by poison anu extremely, beautiful lady. Whether Lord Onslow believes that the ghost of the hapless lady appears nightly at one of the windows of the house her face pale, but not with the pallor of life, and her, eyes full of tears, I do not know, but. over 50 people of the neighbourhood have re cently declared that they have seen the ap iparltion. Tile ghost which patronises Dun robirt' Castle, Sutherland, must. surely be one of' the most unpleasant of its class. Imagino a female flgure standing at a window with' clasped hands and straining eyeballs, as if some terrible object were presented to her, view, and then, after thus gazing for a. mnoment or two, give vent to some long. piercing shrieks, and throw herself head-" long out. I am told that whenever the persons who have witnessed tils occurrence have rushed. to the window and looked out they have always failed to discover any sign of the ghost, at which I am not surprised. At Rahy Castle, Durham, there was a; room so generally avoided by visitors that it was closed altogether. It is highly pro bable that the different occupants, having' heard the story, simply dreamed it over} again. Anyhow, the spectacle of a lady, stealthily creeping to the bedside of a sick boy, and poisoning his medicine, in order, that her own son might inherit the estate, is not a pleasant one, even in a dream. A room at Lord Westbury's seat, ITack wood House, near Basingstoke, is closed for. a similar reason. In this case it is saidl that at 1.30 a.m. a figure is seen to be sitting at a table reading a letter. Its perusal flnished, it commits suicide and disappears., The late Lord Chancellor Westbury, I am informed, once wagered that he would occupy this room six successive nights. He probably, like the others, dreamed the story, for after the second night he posi tively refused to sleep in the room again. So many tragedies have been enacted in' the Tower of London that It is wonderful ghosts are not more plentiful there. Still, it has a few, the most important being that of Anne Boleyn, wife of Henry VIII. Tile authorities must be of opinion that the' ghost of a queen is strictly to be' trusted,. for the room in which she was confined, and still nightly visited by her shadow, is now, known as the Jewel House. The lady int white, with the tear-stained face, who patronises Bisham Abbey, a very, ancient building on the banks of the Thames, near Great Marlow, is treated wltli great consideration by the family.The room' siheo affects is placed entirely at her dis posal. She is the shade of a former owner, a Lady, Hoby, an ardent lover of learning, who grew to hate her son so intensely because he neglected his studies that, in the words of the rustic I came across on a recent vtiit to gather information, "her ladyship beat him so unmarciful 'cos he couldn't abide. summin' and larnin' that he died of his weals." That the story is true a person in the position to give reliable evidence assured "Some years ago," he said, "whilst re moving an old oak window shutter, a copy book which Master Hoby, in his disgust for 'summin' and larnin',' had hid between the joists of the skirting, came to light. The writing was very had, the summing was all wrong, and blotswere numerous." The grounds of Cawood Castle, Yorks, are shunned by most of tile inmates after, 11\. p.m. Tentwen that hour and midnighit a figure, so say those wiho are superstitiously, Inclined, may be seen digging a grave. Pro-. sently a lady, all unsuspicious of her fate, approaches, and Is struck down by the digger, who then proceeds to bury his vic tim. After which he gathers up his tools, smiles a fiendish smile, and disappears. Many years ago a certain wicked Lord Airlie in a fit of passion killed a drummer boy who had angered him. Since that time there has existed in the neighhourhood of Cortachy Castle a firmly-rooted beliefl that whenever the drum Is heard at night near the battlement from which the boy was thrown an illness is sure to follow. Whecl the drummer is seen the speedy death of one of the family ensues. The family them selves so firmly believe in this omen that all mention of the drummer Is strictly for bidden. A similar superstition attaches to New stead Abbey, the seat of Lord Byron. the poet. The strains of a peculiarly webl song, it Is said, are always heard befc r a, death in the family. Strange as it may seem, there are ghosts whose society is much sought after. Corbyl Castle, Cumberland, is haunted by the spectre of a "radiant boy," whatever thati may mean. At Corby people believe that whenever the boy appears he will attaid the object of his desire. The ,lodges re sorted to by guests in the shooting seasoT to be put into the room where the "radiant boy" sheds the light of his countenance are, it is said, ingenloui in the extreme. Some years ago the Earl of Durham wrotd to "The Times" giving an account of the tragedy which caused so many people to be lieve that a lady in white appeared on the castle keep every night. "On the death of one of his ancestors, the infant heir was torn from the arms of his mother and flung over the battlement." The Earl went on to say "that his grandi father so firmly believed that at a certainh hour the figure of a lady would be seen at the top of the keep, leaning over and wring. Ing her hands, that he refused to live in the house, never visiting the place excepr lI the taytime," . 