coupons. I Besoming boughs in February, H and earth seemed crammed with heaven.' So thought Mrs. Dillworthy ns she surveyed her orchards, that melted away, into tho emerald dyes of the wheat fields on tho right and tho budding vino yards on tho sun-kisHed slopes on her left Within range of hor vision were pastures green, where her stock grazed in security and fattened in peaoc. An English woman, this samo Mm, Dillworthy, and, as she expressed it, 'born bred, and brought ' up hi London.** Left a widow, with ono {laughter, a brother who bad settled in California some two years before had persuaded her to follow him, and invest her money in a well-cultivated ranch and orchard. The picture before her was tho . result, and so well satisfied was %he that she sighed .with deep content-— -a sigh from a heart overflowing with happiness and frcodom from fretting cares. ' I 'avo all I want to look at, and if 'igh winds don't piny 'nvoc with the blossoms l'U'avo fruit properly plentiful,' who thought. She walked leisurely down tho gravelled walk, her' plump hands ou her hips, and her rosy face wearing a satisfied smile. . Reaching tlio gate she called out — ' 'Arriet! 'Arriefc, whatever is keeping you?' 41 Coming, mamma/' said a pie mailt voice, and into view camo a fair-haired, blue-c^cd English girl with a wild ro.te complexion, and a pretty, Might figure. At her side walked a young mun, ruddy and d»rk, with frank, 'bi-ywn oyee and a ple;«a;-nt face. Mrs. Dillworthy stared hard as she said to heroolf, 44 What 'ave wo 'ere for 'eaven's fako^?'1 Harriet spoke os she neared her mother. 44 Mamma, this young man, Mr; Dauforth, is looking for work ; a* you want the wood chopped he wishes to securo tho job.' Mrs. Dillworthy's face instantly took on a business expression. Turning to Danforth she asked— ' What wages would you expect ?** ** Two fifty and hoard, madam,' be replied, as he bared his head, and ran his fingers through tbe thick brown locks that covered it. Accustomed to English labour prices, Mrs. Dillworthy was about to protest, but a glance from Harriet and the low remark, 44 Thin is tbe West, you know, mamma,' caused her to say — 44 1 will 'ire you, young man. I want the wood chopped well, and put out of the way in tho wood houto,' pointing, as she *poke, to a lot of logs piled in disorder iu tho big yard. 44 Very well, madam,' said the young man. He threw off his coat aud hat, and began his work, aud Harriet and her mother passed indoors. Although the fruit crop promised well, the dull times had madu actual dolluts and cents scarce with Mrs. Dillworthy; so mother and daughter were economical, and on tbe look- out for bargains ; 1894 might bo called coupon year, or, as Mrs. Dillworthy called it, 44 kew pon,' Every paper she subscribed to contained two or morecoapotis,'which, when 6aved, and teu or twenty*five cents added, brought music, plants, or pictures to the sender. As they were totally unaccustomed to American methods of advertising, thu Dillworthys believed implicitly in tho genuineness of the ' bargains' secured in tbis way, and ono day every week fouud them chasing these four-sided slips from column to column, aud clipping with as much unction as if a coupon saved were a dollar earned. Aud if Jane, the maid of all work, ever used a news paper to kindle fires or polish windows she wus almost auder bonds to see if the coupons were cut or not. Harriot, girl liko, wanted a new Rummer bat; Irjt her mother told her it was almost im possible for her to spare the mouey to buy it. The hired man muHt be paid for spring work, and the wood chopping alone was quite an item So Harriet hart tried to manufacture one out of past glories in tliAt line. One day, about a month after Danforth's arrival, when looking over the papers{ Harriet's blue eyes rested on this advertisement — 44 Cut out this coupon and seud it with two dollars to Messrs. Feathei iew aud Flower, who will furnish you with tho latent confection in* French hats.' Harriet sprang up so hastily from the willow rocker that it tipped backward, scaring General her English pug, into a barking fit. Her mother was out on the back porch, with a tomato can full of seeds she bad sorted out The noise aod quick steps startled her, and the contents of tho cuu flew every way, as if from a patent seeder. 4 1 A coupou for a hat, mamma ! See ! see 1 ' Harriet exclaimed joyfully. 44 'Eavens and earth 1' said her mother. 'My 'cart's in a flutter. I thought the'ouso was ou fire, or the 'orse was dead.' She stooped to pick up the seeds, wbile Harriet read the notice to her. ' Can't 1 help you, Mrs. Dillworthy?' some one courteously asked. The hired man had approached unnoticed, and stood smilingly regarding tho little scene. Harriet blushed and ceased readiug, but her mother stiffly answered — 14 No, thank you, Danforth; you'd better go back to your work. ' I can't abear that young muii's forward ways,' she said to her daughter when he had gone. ' Oh, mamma, he meant only to be kind, I'm sure ! And you spoke so short,' said Harriet. ' I intended to ; it will teach him to keep his place in the future,' returned hor mother. ' He's too familiar, 'Avriet. Hu tulks to you whenever be can. You oughn't to allow it. Harriet blushed more deeply than before, and was silent. Mm. Dillworthy had thoroughly English idcus. It was a difficult task to imbue her with American notious ot equality. She could uot be made to comprehend that wage-earning men or women might be of good family. So even the ghost of an idea that Tom Danforth, her Borvant, admired aud uished to w«,o and win her daughter nevor entered her head. Besides that, she had other views for the girl. The leading merchant in tbe nearest town was 50 years old, and worth money. It is true hu had broken every couimamltnaut worth speak ing of ; uo oue could filch from him his good name tor the reusou that there was uo good about him. Nevertheless, he was considered 'a good match' for Harriet by Mrs. Dillworthy. She remarked one tiny to -her daughter — 44 Mr. Miller is a thorough geuttemau,' ?* I thought he wes dissipated,' replied Harriet. Mrs. Dillworthy sniffed. *' Well, h» has a few 'abits, but they are only gentlemanly ones.' 'I call him a very fatiguing person,' said Harriet. 44 1 don't trust meu who speak with the soft pedal down, and rub their hands as if washing them. I om r.uys — ' 44 Tom ? Who's he— Danforth ? It doesn't signify what ho says about my friends, the for ward fellow! If he isn't careful he'll leaye beforo his work is finished.' And Mrs. Dili worthy walked away with dignity in every liue of hex figure. As she disappeared Tom. came arouud the corner with n large buuch of sweet peas in his hauil, which he had gathered for Harriet. She took them with a low 44 Thunk you, * her pretty blush rivalling the colour of the blossoms. Tom looked at her admiringly os he said, — 44 The moon wiil bo bright this evening, and the roads are prime. Don't you want to go to tho office with me ?' Harriet glanced at him and saw an unmistak able expression in his eyes. Sho blushed brighter as she looked down, and said 44 Yes' so sweetly that Tom felt she bad answered both tho unspoken jand spoken question, and went off I to his work rrJdiant and happy. I Mrv DilLworthy was iiiCjnt on household ' tasks, so th**'. short interview was unnoticed! but when.jf^^.Wt.asked if sho might go for tho mnil her moSlPfeaid promptly — ' Lot Tom go by 'irasetf.' Hnrriot felt disappointed, but dared not pro* test. Tom was not easily .rebuffod, however. When he saw Mrs. Dillwortby.. walking down to the pasture to iuspect some stock, ho threw down his axe aud went to tho open window where Harriet's golden head could be seen like a spot of sunlight ai she leaned out to^train an ivy agaiust tho casement. Ho watohed tho white h^nds a minute, then captured one and raised it to his lips, 44 Harriet,', ho said, 14 1 heard your mother rr-fnse to allow you to go to the office. 1 know she looks dowu on mo, do you also despiro mo, dear?*' Harriet's hand trembled. Sho tried to draw it uway, saying shyly— 44 Oh, please, Tom, don't!** 44 But, Hnrriot, I love you,' persisted Tom, emboldened' by her confas.ion. ' I want you for my wife.. Will you marry ine, sweetheart P ' Harriet's bluo eyed glanced out of tho window,' not meeting her lover's eager look. The upland slope and levol plains, a sunlit sea of green, wero radiant with a newly-.icquired glory, Should she, could she, trust this ruddy young stranger with her heart, her life! The seconds seemed hours to Tom, scaonine her face anxiously meanwhile. She turned to him at last, and through his eyes saw his soul, sound and clear and wliolt, answering her unspoken thought, and reading it in the light of her own .lovo, sho said 44 yea.' They were blissfully happy when up came Mrs. Dillworthy. ''Arriet ..Dillworthy, do my eyes deceive me P' she cried, 'kiBsing the 'ired man I Oh I oh ! You'll break my 'eart I' Tom dropped Harriet's hand, and though somewhat confused stood by bis guns like a man. 44 Mrs. Dillworthy,' be said, ' I have asked Harriet to marry me. Will yon let mo have her ? 1 love her very dearly, and will try to make her a good husband. I have somo monuy saved and a — '' Bat Mrs. Dillworthy angrily waived further speech. 44 Leave the 'ouso, trir, at once 1 'Arriet, shut that window ! I'll settle your bill to*morrow night, young man. But you must leave at once or I'll mako you.' Tom bowed and left her, and Mrs, Dillworthy sought her daughter. ' To think you should take up with Danforth, when Mr. Miller 'as just writton to ask me for your 'and aud 'cart ! I blush for you, miss.' But weeping Harriet only sobbed — 44 1 love Tom and 1 hate tbat old beast I' 'Rubbish! iou'll like him well enough when you're his wife.' 44 That I will never be 1 I'll run to the ends of the earth first,' cried Harriet. 41 Don't drive me too far, mamma ! I'm a woman now, and know my own mind.' ' Go to your room, miss I' said Mrs. Dili worthy, angrily. 44 We'll talk of this when that fellow is out of the way. I believe he's robbed you of all your common sense, that 1 do.' Harriet obeyed, weeping unrestrainedly, and Mrs. Dillworthy felt the way of duty to be a thorny one. The next morning great was her consterna tion to find Harriet missing. Oidy one con clusion could she come to. She had eloped with Tom Daj£forth. She wept, and, like Rachel of old, would not be comforted. Jane stood by in sympathetic silence, till ber mis tress vehemently exclaimed — 44 Oh', it's his doings — the serpent that he is! 'Arriet was always obedieut and docile until sho s«w him.' 41 1 never would have thought Miss Harriet had tho strength of mind to go oS with Tom,'' ventured Janet. 'Strength of dun't mrnd ! n snapped Mrs. Dillworthy, her anger getting the better of her sdfrow^forri'nlbment The fairness of the morning was all unnoticed though ; twinkling dew beads were strong on every blade of grass, aud a snow of blossom putalu perfumed the air from the orchards. Mrs. Dillworthy' shut herself up in her room, and rockod to and fro, crying aloud— 44 She will never come buck, and I who loved 'er, drove her to it ! Oh, my child ' my child ! Come to your 'eartbroken mother I' The day pnssed and evening came. Its beauty tempted tbe sorrowing woman out on the broad porch. She looked around ber. Tbe moon wait rising, and sturs thickly studded the blue sky. But nothing brought her comfort. 44 Oh, 'Arriet, where are you now?' she moaned. 44 You said you would go to the ends of the earth. Are you lost to me forever ? Oh, why was I so 'ard ? My 'eart is breaking — breaking I ' ' Her sobs reached the ears of Janet, who camo hurriedly to her. 44 Come, ma'am, don't taltu on so,' she said soothingly. 44 Miss Harriet— ' 44 Never mention her narnu again ! v cried Mrs. Dillworthy with a quick revulsion of feeling. 44 Sho is dead to me now.' ' Nonsense, ma'am ( Suppose she has married Tom, what then ? He's a likely young man aud abovo his work. He told me hard times brought him down to wood chopping.'' 44 Up you mean,' sniffed Mrs. Dillworthy. Waggou wheels were heard just then. The Kate swuug open, footsteps camo hastily along up to the poroh, and Harriet's fre-h, sweet voice called out— 44 Ob, mamma, mamma ! I've got my bat, aud it's a beauty. Were you frighteucd at my absence ?» She liad reached the porch by this time and put up her lips to kiss her mother; but that lady stepped back from the offered caress. 44 'Arriet,' she said steruly,'did you notelopo with Tom Danforth ?' Harriet laughed, though the blushes came. 44 Why, muinma, how silly of you ! Had you forgotten 1 was to go to the city to- day to get my hat ? 1 thought if I went up early I should bu back in time for lunch ; but the train was delayed by a washout. Tom drove me to the station as he had business in town. I have not seen bim since. You );uow you told bdm you did not want him auy longer.' Mrs. Dillworthy had heard enough. She took Harriet iu her motherly arms and kissed her heartily, sayiug— ' 44 Well, 'Arriet, I was an old goose. I forgot all about those kewpons.' The hat had scarcely been sufficiently admired when another carriage bad arrived, aud Tom's well'kuowu whistle was heard as be came up tho path. In her joy at recovering Harriet Sirs. Dillworthy greeted him pleasantly, and went to her desk to get tho money due to bim. But Tom said 44 One moment, please, Mrs. Dillworthy. I, want to at-k you again for Miss Harriets hand, and I hope you will reconsider your answer. I am in a better position uow than I was yester day. My uncle has just died and left me a snug little sum iu railroad stock and Govern ment bonds. I have the half-yearly coupons of both with mo, and tbe lawyer's letter too. Will you look over them ? I love Harriet dearly, and I know she cares for me. Won't you say yes to us both ? ; Mrs. Dillworthy's face was a study as she mechanically took Tom's papers. Silently she looked over them, nnd saw that they were genuine. Finally she spoke : Take ber, Tom, and if 1 ever mcddlo with kewpons in this America again I ''cserre to be I. ung, 'Arriet's vjfld goose chase after a 'at for ' ?i kewpon made mo feel old, and its kewpons that givo you the right .to* take her from me. but blesa you both,' she added, holding out her arms. 44 1 'opo and trust you'll bo 'appy.' * Tho little scene which followed was inter rupted by Janet, who had stolon into the room to listen. ?4 Jupiter !' sho oxclaimcd ; ' a husband for a kewpon I Guess I'll save 'em up myself after thi.- r' 44 Janet I' said Mrs. Dillworthy, reprovingly. 14 Don't scold her, mamma,' laughed Harriot. 41 Come hero, Janet, and wish mo joy.' ' Indeed, 1 do, mis*, with my whole heart, and you too. Mr.Danforth. And I've got some newB for you: The butcher's boy told me this morning that old. Miller had failed and lost every cent of his money. So he wasu't such a good match after all, ma'am,' 'I've been a silly old woman,' said Mrs. Dillworthy, chokiog a little. 44 Forgive mo, Tom. I ? ' But Harriot's arms were about her - neck, and further specch was checked by a kiss. Mrs. Dillworthy, mindful of past sorrow, still refuses to have anything to do with coupons in any form ; but Tom and Harriet will always love them, nnd in their home may possibly hang the motto, 44 God bless the coupon.' 