Answers to Corres pondents [It is not always possible to answer communications under this 'heading in the issue following receipt and sometimes several issues appear before we arc able to do so.] J.McG. — Thanks for your le. You sent us a cheque for £1 before, that ?was 7s 6d for a sub., 7s 6d for Baker's knives and steel, and 5s to your credit yet. We'll keep that till you want something else, eh 1 R.H. — Thanks for your 2s for last year's Woolly Festival and this year's. Verily, the cash comes in from far W.C. — Thanks for your bob. I wish my prayers would bring rain. I'd wear the knees of nay pants out at the business. H.D. — Thanks for your bob. We had an awful lot of trouble getting the figures revised, and yours is the first ' bloomer ' we've heard of. I'm glad you take it eo nicely. W.R.G. — I seem to have lost the run of things a bit, because I've been 'h'off.' I found that Don Quixote had not been sent, but was waiting here for some others. I'm awfully sorry, but we've sent it now. I'll send the 6s 6d Shelley, and the Lands downe edition of Keats, Moore and Hood as soon as I can get them. I had a horrible dose of influenza and it knocked me out of time. But I'm trying to hang on now for keeps. R.A.McO.— The price of 'Baker's Dialect Reciter is 2s lOd post free. I feel ashamed to look you in the face. Was coming to your show to make the acquaintance of the family, but I couldn't get. Perhaps my influenza was a judgment on me. But I couldn't get, honest ! R.G.G.— We will send 'Holt's Compendium,' and you will receive it by the time you read this. Now Mr. Holt is going to send it, so we'll only charge you 27s 6d, so we owe you 2s. That is 2s saved on the new method of distribution. I'd be glad if you'd let me know your opinion of the ' Compendium ' after you've had a good look at it. A.J. and Co. — Thanks for your cash. It strikes me that our business is going to depend a good deal on the ladies, which is a bit curious. It is a singular idea that the gentle Sex - fxQ$. bless 'em — should want to read a Btoc^: paper, but that's the way it'*; goingYc&nd; what the women patronise |g bouiixd to succeed. G.P.WV — Man, we got your pound, and when it's ' cut out' we'll let you know, bufcvib pays till April, '99. I hope to hae a crack wi' you before that. When are you coming to town to dine with your old cronio and mo 1 Have you forgotten that 1 J.B.MoD. — Thanks for your cash, for your name, and for your promise, as also your kind remarks. We're always glad to publish reports for our customers, and we want to hear from everywhere. I'll be glad to see you when you call. R.O.M.— Thanks for cash. Have sent Kipling's ' Barrack Room Bal lads,' 2s lid, but the other book seems difficult to got. I'm going off this afternoon to try and find it, and I'll let you know results in our next issue. N.D. — Your 2s received for the ' Woolly Festival,' per Messrs. Hill, Clark and Co. I used to edit a pr.per up your way, and your name is as ' familiar as household words,' That paper gave me the hump,- but there were some good people in the district. A.S. — Your first letter didn't come to hand. That we're sure of. That was sent, you say, on May 6th. We got another one dated June, with the now address on. We acknowledged that in our issue of June 12th, a copy of which we sent you. There are very few letters go astray, «nd we never like to blame the Post Office, if there's the ghost of a chance of a mistake. I have as much faith in the mails as I have in the females. W.J.O'M.— Thanks for 8s 6d. I'm glad to hear the news. The dry weather that seems to have set in is rather against you, but I've no doubb there's a good deal in it for all that. Success to you. A.Y. — Thanks for stamps. I'm glad we're a bit too honest. It's nice to feel that way, isn't it? especially when you remember that Pope said, { An honest man's the noblest work of God.' Ahem ! M.D. — We received your shilling. I'm afraid thyt the kindergarten books at 4d each are not exactly for children lea -rung their letters ; they are a bit too advanced for that. But we will send you one child's book if that will suit ? T.H. — We got your £d stamps. Thanks. We're just as glad to got 2d stamps. The only thing is that when it's all the same trouble we prefer ^d ones. Tar and turps for lambs' tails seem a good remedy. I'd like to have a long yarn with you in reply to all your kind remarks, but this column grows so long that it gets crowded out at times. Never mind, I appreciate what you say. F.p._We have sent the 'Salon Figaro,' and wo still have Is 3d to your credit. I agree with your re marks that ' ' While the Billy Boils ' is the most ? Australian ' book I have ever read. The description of men and things in it are true in every detail, and the whole book is intensely interesting, especially to a native born.' Amen and amen. I wish the rain would come and bless you out your way. It'a awful to read the letters that come to hand about the drought. T.J.S. — The reason we didn't send the books was because wo didn't get the letter. We have sent thorn now. It's a miserable thing when a letter with money in it goes astray. I'm sorry you thought it was because there was 6d short (hat we didn't sond the books. Will you try and find out why the first letter didn't come to hand ? I'll be glad to. see the copy of Mrs. Parker's book. I suppose I will, some day. - About rain : it's awful. A fallin; ? ] market, no rain, ticks, and things fills the cup of the pasboralist to overflowing - Oh Lord ! J.A.G.— Thanks for the slides of .'mthrax. I'm going to have a regnlar pis-nic with them on Sunday. God send you ruin. I feel bad enough about it here, but if I lived in the bash I think I'd go off my chump. I saw bhem watering the streets here this morning, and it made me feel awfully sorry for you chaps that are short of water ia the bush. No wonder people wanb to come and live in the city. W.R.G.— I've Edit Shelley in the Gs Gd edition, and I've sent bhe others, Keats, Moore and Hood, in the Lansdowno edition. I believe I re plied to you recently, bub these answers get crowded out so that I'm not sure if it appeared. I make it a point not to worry, but sometimes I want to, all the same. W. W. — Did you ever read the epitaph on a man that ran this way — ' Here lies the body of W. W., Who nevermore will trouble you, trouble you.' We gob a letter from you on August 8th, 1895, with 7s 6d in it, but there was no address to it. You evidently got the paper all the same, for yours of the 5th came to hand last week '? off the grass.' We got your ' bob,' and your subscription was due on August 12th last. Hurrah ! I believe that there are hundreds of people read our paper — maybe thousands — who never think how much good it would do us if they'd only subscribe. We wouldn't worry if they never sent any address if they'd only send their seven and sixpences. The bushies are horribly slow. They're a good sort, and they think a lot, bub I believe lots of them never think about subscribing. It's time they did, isn't it ? W.C.F.— Look here, sonny, I'd send you a blooming elephant if you wanted it ! I feel proud that your wife thinks of me as being willing to buy anything she wants in town. I don't know much myself, bub I've gob good friends, who help to pull me through, and I'll gob you every thing you waub if you think I'm able. The only bhing you cm be sure about; is that ' Barkis is willin'.' We've sent you ' While the Billy Boils,' and that song of '? Banjo's,' with Goring Thomas' music, and Letts' Diary, and the pocket diary, and the garden syringe, and letter paper and envelopes. The 'long answers' you talk about do mo good. It's pleasant to balk to people you never met, bub it.'s quito as pleasant to talk to people you have mot — sometimes ! Ta-ta ! A. H.— Your PC. came a bit too lato, but iu's all righb. Do you know that I can't read 'Alton Locko?' It's curious, but I've tried it two or three times. Never mind, I'll meet you some day. D.G.— You'll think I've overlooked your letter, bub you'll seo in bhis issue that I haven't. I thoughb I hud a sukablo person, but I'm nob quite sure now. I'll let you know later. 