MELBOURNE QOSSIP. [FROH A LADT CORRES PONDENT. ) St. Kilda, Victoria. Dear Cul,-The successful American actress, Mrs. Brown Potter, ami lier handsome col- league, Mr. Kyrie Bellew, at present in Melbourne, must, methinks, vex poor iNhake apeate'a ghost by their version of " As You Like lt." Many pcopl-, »ho disapprove of general theaire-goiug, make an exception in favour of the legitimate drama, so the audiences have been good. However, if these good folk ouly knew thc moat fin de tieck play wi ight in existence would hardly intro- duce them to a bolder hussy of a heroine ibas "Rosalind "as played by Mm. Potter. A painted actress, shrill and bizarre, romping feverishly in thu forest of Arden, she suggests some New Woman run mad, rather than thc winsome maiden of Shakespeare's fancy, mas- querading in page's dress for love's sweet sake. On a recent Munday these theatrical cele- brities spsnt the afternoon at the salon, where they swallowed tea and adulation wholesale. Mrs. Poller looked beaotitul-»he really is very handsome, though in the fierce light that beats about the stage, she cannot hide the tact tbat she is extremely 'hin, and as flat as if you'd rolled her out with a paste pin. On the boards, presumably to hide her angles, she affects swathes and billows of of elothes. Her Rosalind dress is thc foe simile of Crusoe's goat-skin suit, and her garments, hose not excepted, are baggy beyond belief. Nowadays, the popular actress-type seems to be the sinuous, ser- pentine charmer, modelled on 'ho lines of Sara Bernhadt, while "fine women" who would have gladdened the eyes of our fathers, are sneered at as " good armfuls " and all tbs rest of it. To return to the Salon, where Mrs. Potter wore a yellow gown under a brown plush cloak, which she hugged round her con- spirator-wise or flung back impetuonsly ss she talked. " Beauty " Bellow, as his admirers used to call bim befoie his curb grew so grey, made a gushing speech, pro- testing that 8*lonites could not be half so overjoyed to welcome him as he was to bask in their smiles. They had with t'-eto their pretty protégée, a sixteen year old Atrierica» girl, who wore a frock out low in the neck, with a big hat and talked nineteen to the dozen. Yesterday there ivas tt Scotch programme at the Salon, out of compliment to a prominent member, who shortly leaves Mel- bourne on a visit to her birth place, " tbs land of heather." Among Otbef members, we beard " CaUer Herrin," " Banks and braes," " Cara ye by Athol " and a few recitations, including the amnsing " Battle of the Stair Head 1" In coquettish, saucy, pr humourous selections, must lady-reciters acquit them- selves better than in tragic or even pathetic And yet how they sling to the latter I - Even at a wedding, a host hardly ventares to ask an amateur elocutionist to "favour the com- pany," for fear the joy of the guests «ball be turned into mourning, by the recital of the " Maniac's Ghost," or the bride tedoeed to tears, as the result of that enufflesonie kill- joy "Oh to die on my mother's grave " wife Chopin's Funeral March as a piano obbligato. Apart fi om the question of suitability ft subject, it's remarkable that girls, who an really entertaining, as long as they speak in a cheerful vein, promptly step across the narrow boundary betwein the sub- lime and the ridiculous, when they essa« to render the darker passions. Perhaps, itv better so. If their auditors wept with thean whenever they wept, instead of smiling as generally happens, no one wonld ever ventana. to attend an " at home " or afternoon Ma without half-a-dozen spare pocket haodkea chiefs. As it ia the Monday afternoon con- sumption of tea and cake does not decrease, though th« Salon is avowedly the happs/ hunting ground of the gruesome reciter. One day, I remember, a dark tragic-looking youth gave ns Owen Meredith's " Portrait'' The elocutionist waa one of the chosen, apparently ; bat his aeeent was ultrm Englisb, and each vowel was pinched until ft didn't sound like Itself at all. The orator ramped and tore passion to tatters in hhs aocou.it of the two rivals fighting over the dead woman ts know whose portrait Bhe s'il wore on her chilly breast. After the find bellow of "Oh God I 'tuas the Raphaea faeed young priest whs shraved (shrived) hsr when she dasd (died)," he gave place to ? frolicsome maiden, who skipped on and un- burdened herself of a most blood-curdling screed about a man, who murdered hie brother and kept his corpse in a chest. lam, Ac., VBBá. St Kilda, Melbourne, 23rd June, 189<S, 