HUSH MONEY.' A POWERFUL DRAMATIC STORI . »Y JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of "Tiro False Mores," "A Girl in a Thousand,"; "The Mystery of Clement Dunrayen," " Sealed with a Kiss," "By Fair Means," Sc o., fcc. ' . add queensland biohts hesestsd, OHAPTER XXI. A Tbtino Oudkal, It was an ideal day. One at those days when only to be permitted to livo is a joy. And no one was moro suseoptihlo to atmos pheric: influence than Raohsl, but the beauty of the wcathor on this spooial occasion hud no ohurm for lior. £ Withstanding the sunshine, it scemod ns if a hoayy cloud hung over tho "Willow Marsh, enveloping it in a sombre mantle of dojootion and despair. Sho could not shake off tho senBC of depression which rendered her oven moro miserable from tho fuct that it was produced by no apparent cauao. Beyond a postcard to say that ho had arrived safely she had not had a lino from her husband sinco he had left homo, nor had sho any idea when ho would rotum thus sho knew nothing of tho troublous sea on which Stephen Bolder- Bon wua tempest driven, and that it was very doubtful if ho would over arrive safoly in port. 4 It was enough to make her unhappy and pro-occupied that ho should bo absent ; still mere absonco could scarcely account for tho gloom that hung over lier, and being a practical woman sho strove not to allow herself to believe in presentiments. It was not altogether agreeable to her to nave Lucillo Lafargo as an inmate of her home, or to seo her on torms of intimato affection with the step-daughter whoso love she hud tried so hard to win : for alio know full woll that it was to Mademoiselle Luoillo's interest to undermine her influence, and that sho was doing so in every possible way. Uphill work, however, had no special terrors for Rachel, and she would havo faced this , difficulty pluokily, especially since Ursula was certuinly more gonial sinco her friend had arrived— if it hud not been for that uudofincd something that liuug over her, and from which, do whnt sho would, sho could not shako herself free. It was tho day on wbioh Grog was coming to dine. Several times during tho day sho felt inclined to despatoh a messenger, aud put liim not feeling equal to tho civil amenities which the entertaining of a guest would entail on her. But she decided that perhaps it was us woll that Grog was coming, since it would help her through an evening with Lucille Lafarge, though from Greg's maimer during tho few minutes he hud boon in Mademoiselle Lafargo's company on her first arrival, Rachel rather doubted how they would got 011 together. Altogether tho charming little mistress of the "Willow Marsh was troubled. The more torriblo troublo which was advancing towards her in tho future seemed as if it was casting its shadow boforo. During the ontiro day she was moro or loss ulone, for Lucille and Ursula wore either out or closeted together in Ursula's room, into which Raohol, doubting her welcome, did not care to penetrate. By the time it was evening sho felt thunkf ul. that Grog was coining, and that sho had not been induced to put him off, for her nerves hud so overmastered her that she felt liko someone who has been forced into a term of silence and solitude, and longs for a friendly, sympathetic voice. Greg' was very sympathetic to Raohol Bol derson, partly on account of his artistic pro clivities, which reminded hor of the old happy days of her first married life. Partly becauso, true, loyal woman that she horself was, she did not fail to rocognise that ho was a true, honour able inau, notwithstanding that his inner naturo was somewhat veiled by tho little eccen tricities and professional vagaries that he per mitted to himself. Raohol was looking out of her bedroom window when she saw Greg coming along across tho grass that bridged tho moat in front of the lioueo, and hor spirits seemed to revive as sho beheld him. "Yes, if ever sho wanted help or advice Greg would help hor. of that sho felt very sure, yet why should she want help when Stephon Boldorson was her husband ? " These wero the thoughts that passed through her brain as she went down to tho drawing- room. Nevertheless, sho greeted Grog with a wannth that compensated him iu a great measure for the anuoyanco ho felt at boing compelled to sit down at the samo table on friendly terms with such a woman as Lucille Lufurge. Ursula and Mademoiselle Lucillo did not come into tho room until tho first gush and pleasure of tho meeting with Mis. Boldorson were, over, and, beyond a stiff bow in recogni tion of having been previously introduced in tho "Willow Marsh drawiug-room, there was 110 sign between Greg and Lucillo, though of course ho shook hands with Ursula. Dinner was soon after announced, and the parti carre seemed destined to bo out up into tetca-tctes, for Greg, though a perfect Frenoh scholar, talked English with insular persist ency, as though ho wero a bona-fldo John Bull, having discovered to his infinite satisfac tion that Lucille had by no means attained her brother's proficiency in the English languago, and in fact, except in a very halting manner, she could speak no English at all. His conver sation then was chiefly addressed to his hostess, and thoy became so interested in art subjeots — of which the other two know nothing — that thoy seemed to forget the amenities, and loft Ursulla and Mademoiselle to ohatter French, or remain silent as thoy pleased. They chose tho former, and if the little dinner could scarcely be quoted as an entente eordiale, at all events it was by 110 means a silont function. An observant person could not havo failed to notice tho dark fury that occasionally raged in LuoiUc's eyes as they wero overy now and again directed towards Greg. . She know full woll that he could if ho ohoso spoak her languago as well as she did herself; and his present assumption of ignorance was most irritating. " If she did. not m&nago; to bring him down somewhat from his altitudo it would bo funny," sho thought, as sho tried to mako plans for vengeance oven whilo she was babbling with her old pupil about nothing. Onco Grog intercepted thiR flash and gavo it baok to hor with ono that wua littlo loss angry or scornful than hor own, but whioh did not fail to remind her that if she would have him remain silent, sho must not herself become aggrcssivo. In foot there was little doubt that war to tho knifo was ruging beneath tho calm exterior of these seemingly perfect strangers; and of the effoot its issue would produoo on those umong whom thoy dwolt it would not bo easy to augur, supposing that thoy wore able to direct its course. Events, howovor, wore hastening in a direction of which nono of tho four sitting in apparent unconcern at that table had tho slightest idea, and in whioh, nevertheless, it wero difficult to deoide which was tho most concerned. Everyone had done amplo justice to Mrs. Oubitt a excellent cooking, ovon Lucille averring that " los Anglais savont bion manger," and tho dainty parlour-maid had just tukon in tho coffee, which was of perfect aroma and sorvod in dainty oups of egg-shell porcelain of old-fashioned and exquisite design, wlicu a startled expression caino into Raohol's face. Quick of hearing, as are most pooplo with active brains, long before any of hor three companions wero aware of it, sho detected the sound of wheels coming alono the private lano wliioh onded at tho gate of tho "WiUow Marsh. "Who could it ho at that hour? Noitbor carts nor carriagos us a rulo cnino so late, besides tho carte invariably went up a by-road ut tho bauk of tho house. Could it bo StophenP" Her rapid thoughts hud reached this query when Greg and Ursula simultaneously exclaimed : " Wheels 1" Anothor moment and tho vohiolo stoppod, but listen though they did no farthor sound wus heard. It was Raohol who said, with a laugh: "How silly we are. It muBt ho on echo, probably occasioned by the wind. Living in the country makes us actually believe in bogeys. In London wheels might roll for oyer and wo should novor pay the slightest attention Ah !' " . Tho outer door opened and thon went to with something like a slam. All the colour forsook Rachol's face. Greg jumped up with the intention of going to boo what hud happened, when Stephen Bolderson walked into tho room —or Was it his ghost, for ho looked so wan aud weary and jaded that it wero scarcely possible to believe that ho was a real living man. Ho hud cvidontly oxpooted to find no ono in tho room but his wife and daughter, and nu appalled, half-scared look came ovor his face when ho rocognised their guests."1 Of Greg Paton I10 know very littlo, having only mot him onco or twice. It was probably ' on account of his relationship with tho WaUises tlmt his prcsenco was distasteful to Mr. Bolderson , whilo, as far as Lucillo Lafargo was concerned ho absolutely pushed her away from him when sho camo forward with soino ompresscmont to greet him. It was evident either that ho was ill or that something had happened which troubled him not a littlo. Rachel, with wonderful tact and self-control, pretended not to notice what nevertheless was affecting hor most keenly. "You havo had 110 dinner, Stephen. Mar- garot, tell Mrs. Gubitt to sond up something nico and hot for your master. We will go into tho drawing-room whilo you oat it. Do you mind coming, Mr. Patou, I think my husband is tired ? " And so saying sho marshalled the little party into the adjoining room. Greg suggested that perhaps it wero better for hini to say good-night, but she would not hear of it. "Ho must stay, at all events until sho hud seen Mr. Bolderson have his dinner. I-Io hud never heard "Ursula play, and sho was quite a proficient." Littlo did sho know how well Greg remom- berod Ursula's playing, and how much rather he would bo 10 miles away thun loft alono in a room with Ursula and Lucillo Lufurgo. Grog could not arguo the point with Raolicl for sho was gone, and it would bo rudo to leave without saying good-night to his hostess, so he was perforco compelled to make himself us agreeable as eircumstunccs would pormit. Nor was tho ordeal as sovcro as might have been expeotod. Now that thoy wero no longer under Rachel's eye, Ursula mudo herself most pleasant and charming to Greg, oven venturing whilo he stood by her at tho piano to inquire whother ho had lately had any uows from Alan. But Greg lmd nothing to tell her save that ho believed his cousin had gono to Amorica on some business connected with tho bank, which pieco of information lmd the effoot of making Ursula play several wrong ohords, thus jarring in more ways thun on Greg's nervous organisation, but sho succeeded speedily iu righting her feelings and tho music ; and no moro was suid about Alan, from whom Ursula had been wondering why sho had not received a singlo lino. For Ursula's bringing up had been in such a school that it novor occurred to her that oithor her father's or Mr. "Whllis's objection to their union was any reason why thoy should give up «U idea of it. "If they could not meet and correspond openly, thon they must do so smroptitiously." This was only fair in a thwarted lovo affair ; such was Luoillo Lafargo's teaching. Not thut she had given forth any of libr views to Grog ; she accepted his tacit declara tion that ho could not speak Fronch, and taking a book from the table sho sat down at sorno distance from the piano aud appeared to bo reading. That alio was not doing so was ovident from no page being turned over during at least 11 quarter of an hour, whilo sho romuined abso lutely passive. Madomoisollo Luoillo was pondering over tho situation. Sho was con siderably aggrieved by Stephen Bolderson's manner, and began to think that between his coldness and her unexpected meeting with Grog Baton it had been better perhaps if sho had stayed in Paris. Not that sho had 011 that account any idea of forthwith roturning there. She was far too porsistont and mulioions to beat a retreat if aught of evil could bo worked against thoso who woro inclined to thwart and annoy her. After a talk with Stephen Boldorson, whioh sho promised horself she would have in the morning, she would know bettor how matters stood, and why storm seemed to prevail in a quarter where sho was accustomed to find calm. For some timo this state of affairs continued, Ursula playing and talking to Greg by turns, as though sho wero seeking by an effort to keep him amused, which in truth sho wus, for sho wus as anxious as Iiuchol could possibly bo to know what had happoned to mako her father look so straugo ; whilo this, tho latest news of Alan that Grog hud given her, had by no means added to the quiotnde of her mind. Presently Rachol returned, not bright and cheerful and full of gay talk, us sho hud bcou whilo chatting with Greg durhig dinner. Even she, womau of the world though she was, could not wholly succeed in suppressing her emotions and concealing that there was some thing in tho return of hor husband which gave hor no littlo oauHo for worry. Sho did not, howovor, in any way allude oithor to tho arrival of Stophon Boldorson or to tho nows that ho had brought. Sho simply performed her duties as hostess by saying a few pleasunt words about nothing in particular to Luoillo, who looked up from hor book with a start when sho saw Mrs. Boldersou standing beside her, as though sho lmd boon so much engrossed by its pages that she had taken no heed of what was goiug 011 around. Nor had sho been doing so, but tho book had but littlo to do with her mentul dis traction, though its contents would probably have been far moro edifying than her own bud dreams. Raeliel Boldorson wus, howovor, too much ubsorbed by hor own feelings to take notice that tlioro was anything especially strango about Madomoisello Luoillo. Having said the few civil words that sho considered wero duo to her, she went up to tho piano with the intention of boiug equally polite to Greg. But he, though rendored somowhat ill at ease by the storm in tho air by which he, too, could not fail to he influenced, nevertheless was sufficiently master of his perception to see at onco such a change 011 Rachel's sweet face as no more passing unpleasantness could hkve produced. Ho gavo a slight, unconscious start and liulf opened his mouth to utter an oxclamation, but Rachel stopped him with a remark about Ursula's playing which ho at onco understood to mean that ho was to tuko no notice, and with mueli cleverness I10 gave quite u little lcoturo 011 Miss Bolderson's brilliant perform ance and oxcoution generally, to whioh, how- over, no ono paid the heed it merited. For Greg was well versed on the subjeot of music, thougli perhaps 011 that particular occasion ho wus talking somewhat liko a parrot, with his lips rather than his intelligence, for ho wus almost as much preoccupied ns wore the Indies — preoccupied by tho wish to get away — to got awity graoofully, though the ovoning was still young, without lotting anyone know thut ho felt they would bo glad to got rid of him. Having finished his little musical disserta tion and thoroughly forgiving his audionco if it fell fiat, he glanced at tho olook 011 the' mantelpiece us a preliminary to suggesting a start. "Please do not go yet, Mr. Grog," said Raohol, culling him by his petit nom, to whioh she was moro URcd from hearing it so fre quently spoken by Sicele, " my husband would liko to seo you boforo you go." This was exactly what Greg wished to avoid, since ho conjcoturod that tho master of tho house arriving tired after a long journey did not want to be intruded on by guests. How ever, if Mr. Bolderson wished to see him ho must porforco remain, so ho resigned himsolf to tho situation with a bow, and onoo moro began to try and mako himself ontertaining, fcoiing all tho timo very liko ono of the oourtiers who Burroundcd Louis XV. and who sought vainly "d'amuser un roi qui n'est point amusablo." Mademoiselle Luoillo once more became absorbed in tho unturned pagos of her book, but sho was listening more at tentively to what was passing than sho had done boforo Rachel camo into the room, and alio hud no diffioulty in deoiding that a climax of some sort was imminent. "What in social lifo is moro insupportable than a mauvnis quart d'houre, when platitudes uro clung to us tho only subterfuge by whioh real honest foeling may bo concealed P Tension wus at its height when tho door oponed and Stephen Boldorson camo in, taking Raohol somewhat by surprise, us sho thought ho in tended to sond for Greg into his study. His dinnor, if dinner ho had eaten, and tho arranging of his toilette had scarcoly improved ' his appoaranoo, for ho looked oven moro jaded and out of sorts, if it woro possiblo, than lie hud done on his arrival. Without noting the others he wont straight up to Greg. "I fiupposo you havo not heard the bad- nows, ho said, " or you would scarcely bo so happy and ohoerful.'.' : -.w .tf.. ' . ' /... T. : 7 . — / ?. Whioh was nevertheless soarooly what Greg ! felt thongh he had no graver cause than . annoyance at meeting Lucille Lafargo to make i him sod. Mr. Bolderson did not, howovor, wait for a quory, but wont on. "Tour unolo, Julian Wallis, is dead." Grog uttered an exclamation of dismay, for ' he was vory foud of tho unolo who had hoop so good to him. "Dead ! Good God ! How P "When did ha dioPl' "Ho was found dead in his study. There wore suspicious circumstances in eonncotion with it and tho police are making inquiries." But bofore>Grcg could ask any further ques tions a cry from Ursula startled thorn, and she would have fallen fainting if Grog hud not caught her. ! Bnoliol, to whom tho news had previously boon imparted, looked impassivo and Btony, whilo tlio gray, aslion hue that had overspread Luoillo Lafargo's features showod that there was something of terror in tho conflicting emotions from which she was suffering. It scorned to all those assembled there that wliatover had occasioned it, Julian Wallis's denth would bring sorrow and sufforing in its train. " CHAPTER XXII. His Uncle's Representative, Of the two brothors Mr. Julian Wallis was tho younger, and had all his life boon by far the more energetic of the twain, tho law of compensation boing vory equally balanced in this instance, as with few oxcoptions, it usually is. For whilo Mr. Wallis, of Hazel Court, in herited the property that had descended from father to soil for some generations, ho was cer tainly not of a temperament that would have urged him to nuiko his way in tho world, for everything was a trouble to him, and to wander about his property was ull he could bo induocd to do, novor going beyond his own gates save for a rido or a drivo. Tho news of . his brother's death had come upon him liko a . thundorolao, but instead of rousing him it had only made him more apa- thotio, since ho seemed scarcely eapublo of getting out of his lu'mchnir, so after a good deal ot circumlocution ho sent for Grog. " Greg must represent me," ho told his wife, " since I lmvo no son of my own." . This wus Bcareely in' nccordunoe with Mrs. Wullis's views, suspecting as she did that Greg and Sicelo wore in love with ooeh othor, and feeling that she would strongly objeot to such amurriugo, partly on account of their near . relationship and. partly on account of Grog's Boliemiuu liubits, uud what tho good lady was inclined to consider tho laxity of his morals. At thiB juncture, however, they were all far too much talcoii up by the terrible nows that had just reachod them from Paris to consider whothcr any prosout stop would help to pro- mete a murrlugo between Sicelo and tier cousin in the dim future. So Greg was sent for to como up to the house and receive his uncle's ordors as to what ho was to do, as well as a chequo to pay for his exponscs to Paris. Greg wus nothing loth. Itwasoxaotly what his own heart prompted, and before he received a summons to Huzol Court ho was thinking of starting ofl on his own account to the French capital. Ruminating on mnttors generally, as he walked back to tho Mnisonotto, aftor tho inter view with his uuut and unolo — during which he had not scon Sicele, who wub more or less a prisoner iniher room — it struck him as strange that they should not at onco liuvo boon in formed of Mr. Julian Wallis's death. Know ing French regulations us Greg did, ho quito expected to And tho funeral over when he arrived. And since Alan was in Amorioa, who hud been directing matters ? It was, ho thought, most strange, for from . what he could mnke out, Mr. Julian Wallis had died either on Sunday night or Monday morning. It was truo that his uncle at tlio Court had received the communication on Wednesday ovoning, nnd with his usual upathy hud dawdled through tho hours from then until lio sout for Greg on Friday to decide what steps ho should take.. Ho hud boon, overwhelmed by tho nows of his brother's doath, and it had not. dawned on him that owiug to Alnn's absenco in America ho was tho person who, as next of kin, wus called upon to aot, and Mrs. Wallis never gavo her husband any advice. It was Sioclo who was tlio mntivo power of tho house, but Sicele being ill, thoy hud at first been afraid of telling her what had happened. When they did at lust do so she dt onoc exclaimed, "What lmvo you done, father f If you cannot yourself go to Paris, send Greg at onco." . So, the matter having been duly weighed, Greg was to bo sent. Arrived at tho Maisonnette ho told Singnri to- throw a few things into a portmanteau, as he was going up to town at onco to catch the night mail for Paris. Whilo this hecossary preparation was being ; mado, Greg Btood at tho door smoking a oigar : and meditating, being, from tho natural . sequenco of events, in a most dejected, almost despondent condition. It did not seem as if good luok could como for Greg ; if it rose in a bluzo of sunshine on one side, it was pretty ' certain to bo rapidly extinguished by a dark and lowering oloud on the other. Such boing the tenor of his contemplations 'tho sight of Lucillo Lafargo coming along towards the house in no way served to improve ; matters, as with lie'r approach ho felt certain I there was more trouble in store. As for the French woman her general ap- ! pearance was so wild and oxoitod that Greg could not liolp thinking that ineanity must have suporvoncd sinco ho had Boon hor en tho , previous evening. It did not ouour to him for a momont to assooiato Luoillo Lafargo's visit or hor oxoita- mont of manner in any way with his uncle's recent death, the news of whioli did not seem to havo particularly affooted her whon made known by Stephen Bolderson to those assembled in tlio drawing-room at tho Willow Marsh. Sho did not ovon romind Greg of tho protended ignornnoo of French by wliioli ho had avoided her ou the previous evening, nor did sho alludo to tho acts of vongeanco which sho had been invonting and harbouring against him. On tho contrary, she began to talk to him volubly in her own lunguago, ob though ho had always been hor friond, and as though she had ' only got him in tho wholo world to whom she uould cling for help.! Thus can oiroumstancos alter in the oourso of . a fow hours tho whole ourrent of a woman's nature. "Are you going to PariB?" she queried, only wnitins till no had bowed his bond in acquies cence to continue rapidly, "You will do all yon oun P You are good und true nnd just, if hurd and sovoro ou those you consider have injured you and yours." The preumblo was astonishing, and Grog laokod as if ho absolutely failed to oomprehond her, whioli ho did. " You do not know that he has been put in prison, falsely imprisoned for a deed ho never had a hand in ; but you will soo that he is set free ; you will right him whon you got to Paris?" , "I havo not the least idea what you are talking about ; who has been- imprisoned, and for what offence P " "My brother, Henri Decocq, my poor Henri." , , , "Ah! I am not surprised. Clever of him to have eluded tho law for so long." And thoro wus a snoer in Greg's voloo which jarred, and seemingly sot Lucillo Lafarge well nigh frantlo', for sho fairly yelled at him — ' " Diou des Dioux, you have no heart. And I who thought that at lenst you would be juBt. He may bo fond of monoy, and cupablo of a little trickery, in order to obtain tlio coin with whioli an evil fate bus not endowed him ; but a murderer, inon pauvro Honri. Novor, novor is : ho a murderer. -. A sudden light seemed to dawn on Greg. ; " Speak I " ho oriod, becoming almost as . muoh oxoitod oa tlio woman ; "sociilc Quioklv who has beon murdered f" "Sslnto Viorge, und ho does not know! : i Your undo. M. Wallis was found dead in his ''study, and as Dceocq was tho last person ' ndmitted to spoak to him, ho has beou taken up ; ion suspicion. : '- For a second or two Greg was so overcome . (hot ho was inoapablo of uttering a sound. He had" dearly loved liis Unolo Julian, who had > beon invariably good and kind to him, und tho ' .'v announcement of his doath, supposing it to i j.have been ' the result of natural cuusob, lmd ; overwhelmed him with grief. j The horror of this fresh revolution for a time .seemed to ovorwholm him, and ho lount against Vi.tlio '"doorpost, looking so wliito and ghastly, : /hat , -Luoillo thought ho wus going to faint, /|and'for;a'momont paused in tho rush of her ! indignation and oxoitoment tooffor him the . I .assistanoo' of hor support. ' ' , 'Hor'touoh oh his arm revived him effeotually, antipalliy being frcqusntly a Btronger motoi than sympathy. . Ho shook , her ofl as though she were a deadly adder, tlius giving an cvidonco of his ropugnanco whioli, ovon pre- ocoupied as she was, she could not liolp notioing, and whioh added nnothor griovunco to thoBe whioh had ulrendy to bo avenged in tlio future ; though in the present it was as a picador ratlior thuii an avenger tliut Lucillo Lafargo hnd visited tho Maisonnotte. " When did my unele dio P Wore thoro any wounds?" asked Grog, struggling with, liis emotion; and speaking in a very low'voioo as ha walked into the house, and sank down on tho ncurest ohuir, his tottering limbs refusing to curry him further. " He wits found dead in his armchair in tho study, late on Sunday niglit, or in tho small hours of Monday, by his sorvant Jules, Thoro was no outward mark of violonoo, as far us I know. They only suspeot my poor brother of foul play bccauso lie lins cnemios, and wus tho last individual seen with Mr. Wallis. Jules lot him in, but never saw him go out, and declares ho could not havo left by tho front door, us no ono askod the conoiorgo to open the gate, whioh was always olosed, and tho garden door loading to tho Fare Monceauwas opon. Here, read tho lottor I havo received this morning from a friend who is an avoue in Paris, und is interesting himsolf in poor Honri." For a few minutes thoro wob silenco whilo Greg read tho letter, and Luoille, too much excited to keep quiet, walked up and down the gravel path outsido tho door. During tho reading of the lottor he had regained, to a great oxtent, his usual cahn of mnnnei and perspicacity of reasoning. "It is a strango story," ho murmured, as much to himself us to bor, "and will require careful sifting. Why, tho nows of what had happened was not sent over hero before now seems to me most extraordinary. Jules appears to havo culled in M. do Langouo. Most remiss on his part not to havo communicated at, once with the people at Hazel Court." "You arc going to Paris, nnd you will see that justice is dono. Justice will exonerate Henri Dcoooq. Ho could not havo takon M. Wallis's life. He hod no object in wishing him to bo dead." " What was he doing thore at all ? " queried Greg. " That 1 do not know. It surprises me as much us it does you, for he lias had no com munication with M. Wallis for some yoars." "Well, all this will have to bo found out. Decocq may or may not bo guilty in this matter. Unfortunate for him that he is such a blaokguard, us it is sure to add weight in the scale against him." Lucillo Lafarge groaned. Greg was but eohoiug her own fears ; it did not, however, prevont hor from repeating hor constant re frain : "You will see justice dono. You will not lot thorn unjustly convict my poor Henri P " " I am going to start for Paris almost im mediately. I will do tho host I can ucoording to tho light that is given mo, and I will strive to be just and impartial in all my dealings," said Greg, solemnly. To a man of Greg's impressionable tempera ment this was a most trying time, and ho felt most soriously tho responsibility that had been cast upon Ism by the absence of his cousin Alan und tho apathy of his uncle ut Hazel Court. ' It seemed almost as though events had closed round Greg in order to show to those who had been wont to regard him us a mora cccentrio haphazard young artist — olevor as far as hiB art was concerned, but without ballast or stay — that ho wus mado of far difforent material from what had hoon conjeotured and that it required only a serious and troubled complication to bring to light tlif real depth and earnestness and loyalty of his nature. If over a mail undertook tlio unravelling of a difficult und involved tanglo that man was Greg Puton, whon — having dismissed Luoillo somewhat summarily, and insisted ou putting the uvouo's lottor in his pocket — ho started for PariB, to discovor, if possiblo, why Decocq hud been accused of murdoring Mr. Wallis, and whether, or to what extent, the man was guilty. On tho Saturday morning after the supposed murder Grog arrived at his humblo rooms in the Rue Surcouf. Ho spent a short time on lus toilette and tlion went straight to the liouso of the Comto do Langeao, with whom ho had a slight acquaintance from having mot him fre quently at his unolo's house. Since it was from him that Mr. Wallis at Hazel Court had received the letter announoing his brother's death it was evident that ho know more about what had occurred than anyono else! M. do Langeao, impressionable liko all Fronohmon, was overcome almost to teurs when ho suw Greg, for ho hud been dovotedly attaohed to the late Mr. Julian Wallis. Ho was ooiiBiderubly disappointed that tlio elder brothor hud not mado it convenient to come to Paris ut this crisis ; but perhaps, ufter all, Greg being younger and more aotivo would be fur more useful, and for the last - two or three days M. de Langeao had folt considerably overweighted by the responsibility that hnd been thrown on him. Why he had taken all this upon himself, was tho question Greg could not help putting to linn. "Who was there to do it, mon ohorp"he asked, pathetically. "Whore is Wilfrid Borton? Why did he not wire to some of us? Yon say my poor uncle died on Sunday night, yet no tidings reaohed Hazel Court till Wednesday," Tho Comte shrugged his shoulders. "M. Borton and Madumo votro sceurwcro absent on a sketching tour. Alan is in Amoricu. Tho address of M. Wallis aine, in England, is not Icnowu to me or to Jules, que faire but tho best we can. Then tho polico interfered, and wo all lost our heads. Ah 1 it has been a sad and troubled timo." How did you at last got my unole's English address?" asked Greg. "From M. Gage, tho caissier at tho hank," replied the comte. No ono thought of asking him in tho first instance. It was not until Thursday that my 'poor friond was buried. If you or his brotlior had como at onco you would have been in timo." Greg looked cousiderably dissatisfied ; not wholly beoauBO he had not beon present at tho last sad functions, but also bccuuse ho could not help thinking that people who had been so lielplossly dilatory about Bonding for tho family must havo boon equally careless about follow ing up tho mnnner of tho death. His first question on this subject, howovor, proved that ho was uttorly. mistaken. No sooner was tlio Comte de Langoao asked about Deoocq's connection with the doath of tho wealthy banker and shown the lottor which Luoille Lafarge had received from the avoue, than Grog disoovored that it wus on wreaking vengeance on tho man who had, ho believed, robbed him of his friond, that M. do Langcao's mind had beon turned, leaving no pluco for the sentiment usually engendered of griof, whioh would havo induced him to sond for his relatives. M. do Langoao, though no longer in his first youth, was unmarncd, and not altogether what the Fronoli oall range, that is to say, he still indulged in amourettes and pecoadilloes and various little transactions whioh brought him into oouneotiou with mon of tho calibre of Decocq. . As it happoned, unfortunately for thevaurion himself, they had boon some timo back con nected hi au affair where money was in ques tion, and Dcoooq hud munuged to bleed tlio Comto do Langeuo pretty frooly, a process to whioh ho had boon forced to submit, but wliioli he had nevertheless by no moans forgotten or forgivon. Spite, tlion, had not a littlo to do with tho hunting down of this oulprit, from whom he himself had suifored, and who was suspeoted of haviug had a hand in the death of Julian Wallis, a fact of whioh tho Comto de Langeao folt porfcotly convinced, knowing, us he full well did, tho antecedents of the ignominious littlo wroteh who hnd only himself and a long line of infamies to thank if lie now found himsolf unjustly suspeoted and im prisoned. To neither of tho mon sitting thoro, both bo deoply conoornod by tho doath of Julian Wallis, was Dococq's fate u matter of muoli momont, for both knew him to bo an un mitigated saoundrel; but Grog, romemboring his promiso to Luoillo Lafargo, wus resolved not to err on tho sido of injustice, especially as he saw that tho Comto de jLungouo wus likely to allow his vindiotivonoss to overcome his reason. . to he continued to-morrow. 