fHE IASTII CRAFTSMAN, NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. By Sir WALTER BESANT, M.A„ Author of "ALL SORTS AND CONDITIONS OF MEN," HERR PAULUS," "THE WORLD WENT VERY WELL THEN," "THE HOLY ROSE," "IN DEACON'S ORDERS," &o.;,&o.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. CHAPTER XVI. — (Continued.) V All right. : You shall get in. I know Hotting . whatever - about the , matter, because I never assisted at, an election before: but .here I am: take ;me: take all my tinie; T will live here if you like; I 'will look after the yard for you. I have heard of Nottingham lambs be ing wanted. I will' become a lamb. Platforms are sometimes rushed and candidates hustled off. I will get up a stalwart party of hustlers if you like. Candidates are heckled out of their five senses. I will become a heckler of the most venomous' kind for your op ponents. I can't write epigrams and verses, because that part of my educa tion. has been neglected. But here I ani,.' Robert— one man, at least, at your service.'' ' "Thanks, thousand times. You shall join my committee to begin with. I must make haste to get my commit tee together; they shall all be working mem except you. I must sit down to prepare na address. I shall have to. arrange for an address somewhere or other, every night till polling day. It's going to; be a splendid time— a magni ficent time.. By " He swore a great oath, for tlie first time in his life. "My chance . has come— my chance has come!" His voice softened; he sank into; his chair and leaned his head upon his hand, Robert was, for the moment, overcome. The spectacle of this emo tion pleqsed me. I suppose no one likes to think of a man as altogether composed of cast-iron./ When . any. or dinary human being sees, the thing for wh'icb' all his life long be: lias worked and longed,, actually within his reach, that ordinary or average human- being is generally a little overcome. Remem ber that in this ense ambition has de voured nearly all other passions. Tlio man who liad had no youth;. none of the delightful freaks, fredalnes and follies of youth could be recorded of this young man; the unfortunate Ro bert had never kissed a girl to his subsequent confusion ; nor scoured the streets; nbr painted Wapping red; nor passed the midnights over cups; lie had worked ajid trained himself for this end and. no- otlier. He would have been more than human had he shown 116 sense of the crisis or' jiinctiire of events. , .Willie lie. sat there, head in.hand,..Isa-- bel stole ta softly like -n ghost, and Rtood beside the chair. I made as. j£ I would go, but she motioned me ' to stay; ' By the two red spots In her cheeks I wns made aware that some thing decisive would be said. .'.He seemed not to observe her. pre sence. She touched his shoulder. "Ro bert!" "Isabel!" he started, and sat up,, with: a quick f town of irritation. ."I have come to congratulate you, Robert," she said, timidly. ; , "Yes, thank you, Isabel, tnank '.youl Don't say any more." "When: the General Election is over you will liave done what you proposed to do, I suppose. I thought it would be years first. Your ambition, I . mean-, will be achieved." ' "Achieved? Why. Isabel, you un derstand nothing. That, is only a be ginning." . "Oh! Only a beginning?" She look ed rather bewildered. -VWliy, what else should It be? No one would want to be' a member, of . Parliament only for the pride of it, I suppose." " "Oh! I thought " ' "Look here, Isabel. I'm glad you came in.' After the little misunderstand ing of yesterday, it's as well to have, q talk. You won't mind Georgoi he- knows all about it. Sit down there," Such was the improvement in his man ners that he actually got up and placed a chair for her. As -for me I retired to the seat In the window, not propos ing to interrupt the conversation. "I will just tell you exactly what is the meaning of the situation. I have : told;, no one— no one except; George, so far. I didn't tell you because you wouldn't ' understand."-. It. Isn't In" yoirr way to see. Yu've changed a bit since you took to going about with George" —there was not. a touch of jealousy In his mind — "straightened yourself, and filled out aud improved so, that I hard ly know you any more. You're bigger than you were, Isabel— I like a woman to look- strong— but still I don't think you can quite understand." . "I should be glad to hear all your proposals, Robert." "I am astonished -now to think of it, how I dared ih iny inexperteiicuand ig norance, to form such an-aiubition, If I had known, six months ago,;, what, the thing meant, I - should have been afraid," . . . .. . "No,"- said I Isabel, . '(nothing would ever make you al'raid." "You tliink so, Isabel? Perhaps., In; a general way I anrnot a coward." I suppose you , want to 'do something great, in .the House of Commons?"- "Put it that way if you pleasei "I will- give you details and particulars," , Isabel sat facing him;' There was, no. look of passion or admiration on his- fuce. The hungry look had left : his eyes, which were now filled with the eagerness of the coming struggle. There was nothing to fear from him. Indeed at such a moment as this it Is not of loye that a man can be expect ed to think: he may most lawfully and laudably think of nothing but himself, eyeu . before Helen of Troy herself. But I thought, looking. at the two of them, what a strange pair of lovers.' The man who had never said a kind word: the girl who looked forward to lier marriage with terror!- ' "Now, Isabel," be said. "I will tell you. I am going to enter the House of Commons as a plain Master Crafts man, not a gentleman, except that I know their tricks and phrases— I shall ' be a man exijerieneed in industrial questions and in everything concerned with work practical aud theoretical. They want such a man badly. I am going in as an ' independent- member, like John Bright. When I have made lily mark in the House aud am a power in it, ris John Bright was, I shall per haps join a party in order to enter tlie Cabinet. And not till then. And per- 'haps not at all. As for being one of the rank and file, saying what one :,4s told to say, put up to defend tlie incom petence, and tlie blundering of the com: inanders, calling the Irish members, for instance, all Itbe names , tinder the' sun one day, and all the opposite names the next day, just to catch votes— to be everything nnd all. things l'of votes— votes— more votes— I won't do it. That kind of work will not. do for me." . ; ' "Well?" Either Isabel did not, under stand the point Or else it liad 110 Inter est for lier. She looked unconcerned and spoke coldly. '. "I tokl George at the outset:. I called upon him on purpose ttf tell him when' 'he was a stranger. And lie' foil in with it as soon, as he, saw that I meant' busi-. ness. At the first gC off he thought I was a conceited windbag— one of . the ignorant lot turned out . by every local Parliament. I could see , very well what he thought'. When lie saw that I- was a determined kind, of chap lie fell In with it, I say, and helped , me all he could." ; "Yes?" Isabel showed' no manner of Interest in this revelation of political ambition. , ' , ' ' "And I thought about this (hid about that thing wanted. Oh, the essentials, of tlie thing were all right— the know ledge and the appearance and the. power of speech. But. tliqre was one thing wanting. I had never thought of 'such nu omission, and without him I could never have repaired that omis sion. I'm not ashamed to say, not as tilings have gone, that what I wanted wns manners." > "Manners!" cried Isabel, showing in terest at this point. "You to want > manners?" \- "Just what I said myself. But Geofge was right. There's- a-, > thousand little ways in which the fellows at the West End are different from > us.- They are .mostly tricks invented to show that tliey are a superior > race. I've learned these tricks, anclnow I . believe I can pretend to be a > gentleman." "You .-never 1 were : anything' else.','. "Tliere nre gentlemen > and gentlemen, Isabel. , Have you noticed , any change In me?" : '(Well, > Robert," she replied- timidly, "I ha ve thought ; that ' you were gentler." > . 1 "Of course. One of the thliigs is, to repress yourself and pretend not > to care. That's what you call being gentle." "Oh! But to learn manners!" > said Isabel. . "1 would do a groat -denl more than that for the sake of > getting on. Well, now yon know, what wo did when I wont away with George > every even- tag." "And when you- get on in the House?" she returned, to the > main point. say that when I have made my mark I may take ollice. But- 1 > don't know quite what I .shall do. It may be best to stay outside." - , > "Best, you mean, for your 'power or for your reputation?" .< : . "For both." > / "Power is what you desire, more tiian anything else in this - world; > Robert. You have always desired it." "Always. There is nothing in the, world > worth/ having''-, .'compared with power. Isabel. I want, to be a. leader — > nothing less than that. These are iny ambitions. I understand now liow- it > must ?eeiii to otlier people a wild and presumptuous il ream, for a, man In > my position. I don't care a straw what it seems. I realise liow great a > thing it is, and I aim just all the. more con firmed in my resolution." "And > when yon are' a leader?"' It was quite impossible to make Isabel understand > the audacity of this ambi tion. She thought that Robert' would simply stand > upon the floor of the House .of -.Commons '-in order to' receive the > distinstlphs that woiild he showered upon- him; . 'that everybody would im > mediately, begin to offer him posts of honour, because lie was so strong and > masterful -a' man. "Well, one thing, Isabel. As soon as I am in the Cabinet— > say Home Secre tary—my first ambition will be achiev ed. Then, as. regards a > certain '.pro mise— — " . V , "How long," she interrupted quickly, "do you > thiiik it will take b.efore you arrive so far?' „ ' "No one can say. A party > gets turn-: cd out or keeps' in. At the quickest time possible for a new man > to work his way and be: recognised, and put over the: heads of other men, > one enn't very, well expect such success in -less than, five years." "It can > only bo done in five years," I interposed for the first time, "uiider. the > most favourable circumstances possible— if the present Government gets > returned again, if it stays in- five years, if you meet with immediate suc > cess, if vacancies ocenr nmong the chiefs, if you are able to serve in some > subordinate eanncity. If I were you, Robert, I should say ten years." "Or > ten years," he replied cheerfully. "A year or two is neither here nor there > if a man is advancing all the time." "And a woman is waiting," - 1 added. > "Ten years," said Isabel. . "But your side may get turned out." "They may. > Then it might be longer. Of course,, if a mail ouce becomes a power in tlie > House he'bocomes also. a. power in the country. His influence may go on > increasing." "Ten years. That is a very; long time.' There- will be many > changes in ten years." "Changes? I daresayI daresay. I hope so. I sliall > make some changes myself." ... "Changes in your own mind, . Ro bert?" \- He > saw what she meant. "I think upt, Isabel. A promise is a promise. When my > word is passed the thing is as good as done." She got up. "I won't waste > your time any longer, Robert. I . am glad to hear iv-liat your ambitions > really mean. It was about that— promise— that I came to see you. I thought > the time was come when you might want to fulfil that promise." , , "Not yet, > Isabel." "Not yet. I came to set you free— if you wished to be set free.' . > 'To set me free?' "Because a man like you should not be hampered by nn > engagement, espe cially with a, woman whom— I mean— . you ought to be free. > So, Robert, I do set you free— If you desire it." "What makes you think- > that I desire It, Isabel ? . I don't desire it." : "That is because yoti; > don't know other w'briien. So'; Robert, it shq-ll be always and at any time > as you desire. We owe so niucli to you that this is 'due- to- yon in return. > I will wait for the fulfilment, of that promise for ten years, twenty years, > all my life— if .you please. I will 'cheerfully set you free whenever you > desire to be released. That is all, Robert." ."Why," said Robert, "there > spoke a good and reasonable girl. But you've given me quite as much in work > as live given you in board and lodging. -You owe me nothing. As for -being > re leased, nsk me if I want to be released vyhen I am the Right Honorable > Robert Burnikel, Secretary of .State for India. And now let's make an end of > thanks-' givings and explainings, and get to. business. There's a lot of. > work before; lis." . , ..'"Let, me help' .you, . Robert,'. Sfy' shorthaud > and typewriting ought to be of pome use to you." ."I wouldn't ask you; > Isabel— but you- can. be of the greatest use... I take it very kindly of you > after yesterday—''' lie held but his hand in token of for giveness. Isabel > accepted it, smiling graciously. "I do, indeed, Isabel, after yesterday's > little misunderstanding." He held her . hand and looked her straight, in the > face. And not one touch of softening in his eyes; not' the slightest look of > love. (to be continued.) 