SOME ENGLISH GHOSTS. Although Uttle more than a century has elapsed since Dr Johnson died, the astounding strides made In the sciences of enlightening the ignorant and re fining the unrefined during that period uo noi seem to nave nullified to an ap preciable degree the best part of his dictum to the effect that "AH argument Is against the appearance to the living of the spirits of the dead; all belief Is for It." No doubt during these hundred and odd years a great many time-honored ghosts have been hunted from their haunts by the prosaic Influences of mo dern life and the unsparing broom of practical common sense; no doubt there are fewer educated people who believe In ghosts than when London crowded to Cook Lane one hundred and thirty years ago; no doubt the village Hamp den Is prompter nowadays to tackle mysterious nocturnal visitors than of yore. Yet he who wanders through rural England — preferably on foot, for he Is then enabled to penetrate bye-ways and sequestered nooks and corners not attainable on wheels— cannot fall to be impressed by the sturdy vitality of so many old ghosts. As a rule he does not meet men who have actually seen ghosts, for a sneak ing sort of self-rcspeet seems to stop Hodge's admission of the fact: but he meets many jnen who know men who have seen ghosts, nnd multitudes who have heard that a ghost Is to ho seen' at such und such a place, und who -will not commit themselves to a denial of Its existence. An for the prejudice against lonely places on dark nights. »lt Is not merely general but universal. Just as the profession of disbelief In ghosts amongst educated people Is universal. No one district In England seems to ta particularly patronised by ghosts. although naturauy one meets incm rnoiu frequently In counties which are of lonely and romantic character, or which possess romantic histories, than within the metropolitan area. Ghost- hunting may be accounted an Idle and unworthy pursuit, yet.lt Is not alto gether unprofitable, as ghost legends are not Infrequently the channels through which historical facts have been passed down to us which would otherwise have been lost, and, more over. are Illustrative of the fact that the uurl sacra fames has not quite knotfked all sentiment nnd Imagination out of the English people. Well, there Is at any rate one ghost In London, for tho first Lord Holland Is said to walk the Sir Joshua Room In Holland House with his head in his hand— a very fashionable ghostly pro ceeding—on certain nights of the year; and It Is a known fact that there are many houses which have never been let, never are let, and never will ta let, for any length of time on account of uncanny traditions associated with tliem.The people who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but no ser vants will stay, and so they arc driven KVe may be pretty sure that there arc not many people In modern wiburbftn- iscd Kingston who believe In the time- hallowed tradition that on AH Souls Night the dead walk on Kingston Bridge; but no stranger to Kpsom was ever shown I'll Place by a native with out being told the "Wicked Lord Lyltleton's ghost story— the white bird which fluttered nt his -window on the night or 21th November, 17il>, changing into a white-robed woman, who ap proached the foot of his bed and told him that he would be dead In three days, which actually happened. Sussex, which of all the homo coun ties has retained Us old characteris tics the. most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities In the eyes of the rustles of that little- visited district, which was once the centre of England s Iron Industry. There Is old 'Oxen- hrldce of Brede Place. There Is tho headless man of St. Leonards Forest, known as Squire J'aulett, w o Jumps upon the crupper of a horseman outer- lug the forest, and remains there until clear of It. There Is the Drummer of llurstmonceaux. Black dogs— a favou rite shape assumed by ghosts nil over England— hnunl all dark lanes nnd lone by-roadn, and under many a seques tered wooden bridge a headless woman may he seen spinning; whilst on the old cattle-road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way, a goblin may he seen on any dark, wild night. Incessantly spinning charcoal ! ... The same species of "general ghosts ns they may ta called, is recorded liy Mr Bye, the Norfolk topographer, to be strongly developed In his county. Thorn Is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shrieking among tho pits on Ayl- inerton Heath. There Is the great black "Shuck Dog"— tho word "Shuck" said to menu the devil— who at Coltls- hall Bridge Is headless, and at Bnlhouse has a blazing eye In the oentre of his forehead, and who tins n brother at Peel Castle In the Isle of Man. the spirit of n murdered prisoner, known ns the Mauthe Dog. llut the historical ghosts ore more Interesting objects or study. Tn the same county of Norfolk, says Mr Bye. young Lord Dacre, who -was mur dered In hy his guardian. Blr Richard Fnlmorston, who arranged that a rocking-horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of course) rocking-horse. Anno Iloleyn still rides down tho ave nue of BllcUIlng Park, once a year. In a hourso-llko conch, drawn hy four headless horses, and driven by u head less driver, with her head In her lap; and her father, Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there Is another coach and headless team, nnd yet another near Great Melton. This last risen from a pool every mid-day 'and midnight, and with Us load of four headless, dripping, white-robed ladles, passon slowly round the field and sinks again; and tradition says that nt this spot, long ago, a bridal party were up set Into this pool, ami never seen again. Then there Is the Gray Lady of Rain- ham— not to be confounded with tho Brown Lady of Rnlnham in Durham — who represents Lady Dorothy Wnlpole, forced. It In said, to marry Lord Towns- end In 1713; ami the ghost of one Lush, who committed suicide and was burled near Uedenhall; and many others. A firmly believed In conch-ghost Is that of Lady Howard, daughter and heiress of Sir John Fits: of Fltzford, In Devonshire, about 1C00, who, Mr Baring- Gould says, travels nightly from Oke- humpton Castle to Fltzford Gate, Tavis tock., In a coach of hones, preceded by a phantom dog. Tho Devonshire folk believe this to he the subject of the quaint, weird ballad of "My Ladye's Coach," which opens : My Ladyc hath a sable coach, And horses two and four; My Ladyc hath a gaunt bloodhound, That runneth on before. My Ladye's coach hath nodding plumes, The driver hath no head; My Lady Id as ashen white Ah one that long Is dead. But, as Mr Baring- Gould says In his Introduction to the "Songs of the West," the Lady of the ballad, no doubt, per- sonifies Death. Gabriel Craddock Is a well known Essex ghost. He was famous In the middle of the last century ns Jerry Lynch, the highwayman, who with the proceeds of his exploits built Lapwaler Hall, near Leigh, so called tacause, upon tho application of the workmen for drink, he hid them "lap water." He wiis- run to earth In his new house, wounded, and drowned In the pond to which he lmd directed the thirsty work men's attention, and he Is still believed to be seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing from his pursuers as they came from Bhcillcld. ingrave, Ilorndon, Laindon, and Pltsea. Mannlngton Hall, the residence of the Walpolos, Earls of Orford, has Its ghostly associations, lloratlo, second earl, removed all the tombstones of the 8 calmer#, tho former possessors of tho Hall, from "Wlcknterc Church, and one of the burled ladles Is still believed to walk round tho churchyard. To atone for the sucrllege, every Earl of Orford at bis "burial wan driven In his hearse three times round ruined tVlckmore Church before being finally laid to rest. Very well known Is the Bttle at LUUecotc. near Marlborough, on the old Bath road, -whereat Wild Durrell, the principal in the terribly weird tragedy ut Llttlccote Hall, is still behoved to be seen, followed by his howling hounds, as on tho day when he met his death here— riding madly along, reck less in his conscious torture, and con fronted by tho apparition of a babe burning in a flame. All the unhappy ladles of history "walk Ann of Clevca paces up and down the gallery bearing her name in Hover Castle; Fair Rosamond walks on the .river-bank at Godstow; Amy Roh- sart on the side of Cumnor; Mary, Queen of Scots, at Fotherlnghay. We have noted Anne Boleyn's procedure at IMlckllng. Canterbury King's Hchool hoys faithfully believe, until they at tain nge of absolute wisdom when no creeds are tolerated except that In self, i hat the unfortunate Nell Cook, famous In the Ingoldsby legend, haunts the Dark Entry every Friday night. At Apethorpo, the Earl of Westmoreland's seal In Northamptonshire. Lady Grace, wife of the first earl, walks In a corri dor. scattering silver pennies as she goes; but the pennies are air, and woe to him who tries to test their solidity— so say, and probably believe, the good folk around. In the romantic North Country these poor dames abound. There Is the Brown Lady of Balnham— stately In colf and rich brocade, but eyoless.There Is "SUky" of Denton Hall, near New castle, In a flowered, long-walsted satin gown and a satin hood. There Is tht White Lady of Sklpsea Castle; Lady Dcrwentwater of Dllston Castle; the Gray Woman of Wllllnifton: Meg of Meldon In a broad hat; the White Lady Blenklnsop, who still' walls over a chest of gold, the cause of all the unhapyl- nexs of her married life, cum multls allls. The famous Cauld Lad of Ilyl- ton, on the river Wear, was only "laid" during the last century, but his wall, "I'm cauld ! I'm cauld !" has been sworn to as heard at a much later date. Tie was not quite a stock ghost of the silent, gliding type, but was more of a brownie or plxle, working hard In -the kitchen during the night If the maids were slugganlH— very much contrary to the usual rule of his kind. The Gray Man of Belllstcr Is another w/vii.irnrm-n North Country ghost. His original was a wandering minstrel who called at the Castle, which Is near Httltwhlstlc. on the South Tyne, was admitted, and pleased the Blenkln sop owner for a time, until he got sus picious that the poor old gray-clod sing er was a spy from a neighbor baron with whom he was at feud. The min strel got wind when ho w:is suspected, and stole away. Ulenkinsop sent blood hounds after htm. oaid he was torn to pieces. As this happened In 1470. and the Gray Man Is still spoken of in a dis trict by no means behind the age In re finement. Intelligence and education, who dare hope that argument can ever overthrow superstition? Corby Cantle, near Carlisle, has been modernised, but It) It wainscoted, tapestried "Ghost Room" the Radiant Boy still walks. At ChllHngham Castle In Northumberland there was also a radiant boy, until the skeleton of a boy found In one of tho bedroom walls, not very long ago, was burled, and then he disappeared; and at Coathom, in Yorkshire, popular tradi tion speaks of a shining child who van ishes when pursued. Apropos of ghostly children, a pretty tradition la connected with a certain West Country 'house, to the effect that every cold morning Is seen on the win dow the scribbling of little lingers, not to ta effaced by any amount of rubbing. The ghost of Knarcsdnle Hall, near Haltwhlstle, In Northumberland, wus a steady belief not very, very long ago. In this case a brother murdered an In convenient sister by drowning her In a pond, and the lady revenged herself by walking from the house to the pond upon every occasion that a member of tho family happened to be about nfter dark. But If one were to enumerate what may bo termed the " l'rlvatc Ghosts " of England and Wales, the walking ladles and gentlemen, who hav ing been nobodies during their lives, are determined that something more than the mere epitaphs over their graves shall keep their memi-orlen green, the limits of this paper would ta very far exceeded. The very nuuso In which tho author of the paper is writing is well known by tho villagers to have a White Lady on Its uppermost stair landing, a discovery which very much unhinged some American visitors, who declared that If ihey had known It, nothing would have Induced them to sleep so soundly In rooms abutting on the said landing during three tnonthH of the pre sent year. But who she was, History sayeth not. What Canon Jcssopp says about his own country of Norfolk In true else where: "If the Norfolk peasant's inlnd he nevr so dtill, the old traditions, hand ed down from ages past, come In to help hl»n. lie thinks It would he Im pious to doubt that disembodied spirits still hover about the scenes of their earthly pilgrimage." Bo the Lincoln shire folk say that not only does Hero- ward the Wake still, on wild nights, ride furiously along tho road from Bourne to Peterborough, but that he haunts the site of his old home close to the Well Head In the town of Bourne. So they believe that Thorpe I-Iall, near Louth, the ghost of tho Spanish lady who fell In love wllh Sir John Holies, as commemorated In the old ballad, which commences: Will you hear a Spanish lady. How shoe wooed an English man? Garments gay and rich as may he, Decked with Jewels shoe had on (known from her dross as the Green Lady) still haunts the particular tree near the mansion. Now and then— not often— ghostly ap pearances or sounds are explained to the peasant's satisfaction. Thus, in the county of Durham, "Gabriel's Hounds' wore for long, long years believed to shriek and howl through the air on dark nights, and to forebode death to him who hcurd and saw them. But prosaic modern research has proved them to be nothing but (locks of wild geese migrat ing southward on the approach of win ter, and choosing dark nights for their Journeys. Similarly, the ghost of Irby- dale, In the Lincolnshire Wolds, a gob lin who terrified travellers at night with Its heartrending cries, and who Is said to be a witch who had been worried to death by dogs In a long past age, 1ul( been shown lo lie nothing but an owl. On the other hand, no true Corntshinnn will ever be Induced to relinquish the be lief that the spirit of King Arthur still haunts the ruins of Tlntngcl In the shape of a while chough; and assured ly the many English families who pos sess a white bird of omen, such as that which Mr John Oxenham saw in West ward Ho! cling firmly to the tradition, If not to 'the belief in It. And so, ghosiH or no ghosts, the po rtion hi Just the same at the end of the nineteenth century as at the end of he eighteenth — all argument ts against them,' and If all belief Is not for them, a very great deal more Is than people like to acknowledge. 