ENGLISH LETTER. For tub Cause of Charity. ' ' O Liberty ! what crimes have been com mitted in thy name,' cried the famouB Madame Holland, who fell one of many vic tims to revolutionary zeal in the Reign of Terror. Well may we transpose that often- quoted sentence, and exolaim atrain. O Charity ! what abuses are committed in thy name.' Bazaars, faney fairs, rummage sales —call them what you will— are bo many de vices to get money oat of the purees of the ready buyer, no les3 to extract it from the pockets of those who resolutely determine to spend little, and then only to get good value for their cola. Ineffectual and vain such determination usually proves. It is so diffi cult for a man to resist tbo voico of the im- portauato charmer who assails him with honeyed words and other blandishments, and will not be gainsaid, until at last bo, like the unjust judge, yields 'because of tho impor tunity.' Though the Church sanctions bazaars— being, as a rule, benefited by them —some Churchmen of distinction have de- aouxiced this mc- fchod o£ raising- funds even for the most laudible purposes connected with the Ohuroh, 11. Batf spite of euoh condemnation, tho fancy fair holds its own, and the holders go on their way rejoioing. Raffling, even in the simplest form, ia now quite illegal, so that uafarious proceedings being expunged, it remains with the buyer to he fleeced, if he will, with his eye3 open and a full knowledge of all features of the traueaction. I have been asked to assist a 1 charitable' venture by mentioning seme novel means of entertain ment, ami to suggest wares likely to find ready purchasers. Impossible task lhat of fiudiug anything new in ground travelled over often before and turned over by so many far mor© inventive and capable folk. Bas and baskets severally always appeal to women. I, for example, find it difficult to resist the desire to purchase pretty models of either kind, even when common-sense hida mo remember I havo already more than I know what to do with — memorials those of former weakness and non-resistance in tbe face of dire temptation. Bags, large and 9njall| bags of eilk, fcrocadej satin, eatcea? chintz, cretonne, holland, moreen, sere, baize, American cloth, leather— what variety aa to 6ize and coloui-j and ro what variety of of use3 do they point ! Moreover, bags favor neatness, and are especially under the patronage of the fairy order— a deity whose presence my teachers constantly invoked. I have just seen some shoe hags made of brown holland, bound with dark blue sarcenet rib bon, feather stitched with blue silk where the runner is yet in, and embroidered in the centre the word 'Shoes' in ornamental let ters. The string-s are of blue ribbon. A yard and a quarter of brown hollanfl will make two bags cf the required size, and the COSt Of material? will not exceed eigbteeu- pencd. Ornamental and useful baskets in- variably sell well, there being a constant de- mand for them, rincushions in quaint designs, 110 less than those where utility has been t!i© cktef coaaideratioa, iiivariakly find. ready Bale. HI. Scent Bohote, daiutiiy made up( also sell well. Hundreds of more or less attractive trifles will suggest thomsolves to tho minds of intending contributors— tieso for euch as like to have something to show for their money. Two clever palmists should bo con- Sidored indi?pen3ablo, the curiosity of meu and women to anticipate Fate by foreknow. Iedg9 of the future in store for them beimr as rampant as it is strange. I was present at a bazaar some while back where, iii a dark lent, a clever person of the other sex told a succession of ghost stories of the most thrilling and blood-curdling description. When the nerves of tbe audience had been wrought up sufficiently, the story in progress was appositely emphasised by the appearance of horrible ebapes and forme momentarily revealed by flashes of light, mysterious eound8| low mutterings, swift currents of air — in £act, all (bo ac Icnowladged accessories to demonstration were brought into play as giving" effect to tbe relation itself. children were admitted, and nil excitable or nervous persons were warned to keep away For all tbat, cries of terror occasionally peno- trated boyond the confines of that chamber of horrora and stimulated the eurioatty of those outside to gain admittance at the earliest opportunity. The tent was always full, and a most substantial sum at tbe elose of the day was handed over as the result of this unconventional proceeding. Some of the ghosts stories were not new, and tbe one I heard, with ghastly saenic effects cleverly Contrived, was that told a house in Berkley- square, wbioh remained untenanted for many years owing to its evil reputation. At last it was demolished to make way for a new creation ; presumably the 1 terrible thing,' to see which waa to die, haa now finally abandoned the scene of ite former terrors, Many years ago this story — said to be nuthen tie -came out in the ' Cornhill Maga zine,' and though I have heard of many, au read many, ghost stories since that da'e, nOBD over made BO lasting an impression on me. Even noY, aa I recall it;, a orccpy BOReatiou oomes over me, and I never willingly dwell upon It ac night. The wgfIh of Mrs. Orowe and Mrs. Radcliff may, be read by intending ghost story tellers. Tbe ' Old English Baron' and ' The Night Side of Nature,' or the 4 Castle Of Otranto, will furnish suitable ideas. In defence of bazaara, Bhouid each defence be necessary— which I doubt— we may recall the saying of a recognised student of human nature, tbat ' dottbtleflfl fll8 plea sure is as great of being cheated as to cheat.' 