MELBOURNE GOSSIF. Consumers of oysters are generally found par tial to - Bagels". ~'"Although we are told thai "even an oyster m=y he crossed in love." thcie does; noi, at firs; Mgbt appear to be much aneelic about the famous bi-valve, which has been the food of connoisseurs fur thousands of years. But. t.he angel I refer to consists of a long thin stick, en which grilled oysters are skewered, the consumer pulling each off in turn. It isapleisant process, but rather slow, and miy be compared with a Parliamentary noticc p'jper, the only difference being that you must take your angels in regular rotation, while a Premier mar fkip f om place to place as a bee does from flower to flower. Eut the Premier his mike up his little list of angels, and now exclaini3 we've got 'em on toast, and can skewer I horn at leisure There has been pub lished a sort of forecast, a month or so before hand of the speech of his Excellency the Gove- nor to be delivered oa the 23rd of June, and if this bo only approximately correct, Par liament will not he able to accuse ministers of letting it go short of work. There are some twenty odd bills already ia the little list, with a promiso that plenty more shall be added ur:to them. , By working five hours a day from before lurch-time until any hsurof the evening there should be an excc'lcnt prospect of getting all the biUs propose 1 on the Statute Biek somewhere about the end of the century, but not mucb bsforc. I am perfectly well aware that it will be replied—See what a number of measures the Turner Government put through last session ; but that can scarcely be regarded as a criterion of this one because the House spent many mouths over the tariff, and when tlii3 was finally dealt with members were alterly ex hausted, and a great number of measures were put through with very little examination, many of which .will, I thiuk, require future revision. The same conditions will not this year recur. But the great difficulty ministers will have to encounter i3 that most of ttieir measures arc fightable ones, embodying principles which have not been thrashed out in discussion to finality, and therefore will be liable to be blocked, not so much by open stonewalling as by tedious speech making. If they cirry fifteen of their measures in addition of course to the estimates, they will do well, but they will have to jettiion aome of the important ones or reserve them for the con stituencies. Taken as a whole, the programme ia not at all a bad one to appeal upon. The Sr3t official dinner given by his Ex cellency the Governor in celebration of her Majesty's birthday was necessarily anticipated as an event of extraordinary social importance, and certainly his Exccllencv astonished his guests, of whom there were about eighty, in several ways. As thi3 annual banquet i3 entirely confined to the pick of officialdom no one has the slightest chance of obtaining admis sion thereto, except entitled by an official posi tion, which is practically based upon chiefship. Thus.forinstance, whilst the head of a public de partment is admitted to the privilege to dining with the Governor, his chief clerk or head of a | branch under him would be excluded, and whilst the judges of the Sapreme Court are present, none of the minor ones nor the stipendiary magistrates are. Many and troublesome are the discussions as to the exact, seat which every guest should occupy according to his rank and position, and when these are finally determined they are set out on printed sheets and a card , annoting the position to be assumed at table by everyone present is placed in front of his plate. Usually the Chief Justice, as the highest person age in the colony next to her Majesty's repre sentative, is placed on the right of the latter, but this year an innovation was made, there being two tables, Sir John Madden being seated at the her-d of a second. The change in the aspect of the state dining-room since Lord Hopetcun departed is remarkable, the magnifi cent tapestries having, of course, been taken awav and the walls occupied by splendid paint ings, chiefly of children. A marked feature of thi3 year's entertainment was the extraor dinary number of servants employed, prac tically one attendant to every three guests, which of course ensured a more rapid service. . Usually these banquets occupy from two to two and a half houts, sometimes moro ; bnt this one was run through in about an hour and a half, which I thiuk smashes the record. Another innovation which wag not perhaps so generally enjoyed as was the forethought evinced in providing for efficient waiting was the pour ing of the champagne out of jugs. Jugged champagne, like jugged hare sans jelly, always appears to me to lack flavor. There were a number of other new points about. Lord Brassey's "first" v.-orthy of attention, but I always fancy that comments upon an epicurean feast which has been partaken of by others must somewhat disorder the digestion of those who read of it. I may, however, mention to those who study points of fashion, that after dinner cigarette?, not cigars, were introduced. The subsequent reception in the sta'e ball-room was one of the largest I ever remember, almost equalling that of Lady Loch on the occasion of the jubilee ball. I think the negro farco wlvch dwells most powerfully in my recollection was that in which Frank Hussey played the part of an jntinerant actor who, with his associate, was dead broke The latter, however, contrived to obtain some morsels of food, which he would not share, r.rul I shall rever forget the miserable expression and the whining voice in which Hussey used to ask, "Don't I dine, Recks? Hocks, don't I dine?" A curious instance of this, probably there weremore that I was not acquainted with, occurred at his Excellency's dinner party. I was sitting next | to a gentleman who holds ft very high position in connection with Roman Catholicism, and whose giievance was that: the following day heing Whit Sunday the banquet was being held during the vigil of Whitsuntide. He was able to partake of the soups and fish, but had to re fuse all the other tempting delicacies submitted to him. As he i3 a boil viv&ur; the repast was wasted upon him and was another example of the temptation of Sir Antony. By the way I daresay that the general public has not noticed that clerks in the law, bank, insurance and other ofuoes have lo3t a holiday ibis vear, as the celebration of the Queen's Birthday was fixed to fall on Whit Monday. In the old days of the fifties men, in order to prove their wealth, made small bonfires of bank notes, heedless of the toil and struggle, the weiry days employed ia wringing frctn the mother earth their equivalent ia gold. Those were t.he days too in which men shod their horses with gold, not mere leaf, but solid metal shoes. One of the best rtcuvi stories of digger life in the Ovens district has a like incident for its central fact. It is the same in all lands ap parently. Men, aye, and women too, intoxicated with the sudden acquisition of great wealth, play such pranks before the world as to make the judicious weep. Ia "The Silvei Kins'," Hoory Corkett, the diamond merchant's clerk, having taken £60 of This master's money ; and won by its aid £500, proceed3 to demon strate to his boon racing and gambling com- [ pinions whomhehas called to the champagne bar that he is a " perfect gentleman, to whom mrmey in no object." by lighting his cigar by the aid of a blazing £5 note. What Henry Corkett's ulti mate fate was can be readily imagined. Just such another idiot-was an English Johnny who created such a stir in Melbourne fashionable circlcs snme yesussgo, and who managed to get through—scindalously misused term—the best part of a million of money. This genius I per soaallv siw aive a cabman who brought him from ' the "races £100 as _ a douceur, a young lady connected with the hotel he was stopping a pair of diamond earrings worth £40, and finally place a £10 note between two slices ofbitt'ered bread and devour it as c relish. He too came so utterly to grief socially and pecuniarily that I dare swear one of the few friends he had left in the world is the driver of the jubilee cab wlm never fails to invoke a blessing oa him. Very different to all this wa3 the holocaust of wealth that was conducted at the office of the London a day or two since. Notes representing a face value of £;3Q,000 were then thrown into "the "blazing fiery furnace.'' Each of these had been disfigured by the ruling out of the word " Chirtered", " a ruling necessi tated by the re construction of the bank. And thus vanished one more mark of our most dis tressful times. By thcTast mail carrn letters from Lord and Lady Bopetoun, who at the time of writing were stay ing at their town residence, Portland Place, London. Both were in good health and both combine in forwarding the kindliest messages to their " many friends in Australia," friends whom they earnestly hope to ireet again b» fore they cross the great divide. The opinions of mining experts converge more and more to the one point, namely that Uipps'and is to be tha locale of our next mining boom. A dsy or two since I cime down from Fitzroy on _ the »r»m wi t ha gentleman whohadjuat returned from Gaffoev's Creek. At his feet lay a black bag, which I accidentally kicked in making my way to a fror t sea*. " Any? idea what you've been \ kicking?" he asked, after he bad shaken 'hands.' "No." " I thought, not, or von would have had more respect fur it. In that bag, sir, ieposes 'he advance guard of tho Gippsland boom. There are 210 <7.. of gold in there, sir, and in the neighborhood of whera that came from I am convinces plenty more " Then lie fell into a prophetic declamatory strain that ' mr.do other passenger store and smile as they listened. "I see that boom coming nearer.and nrarcr. From ail' parts oi. Gippsland come (To'.clen report?. Presently we shall be un earthing millions! millions! millions!" A d.e'ded touch of Svengali this. Tho infr.ss earnestness or ths speaker struck us all. Per sonal! v I was the rr.nre c-n-•-■:-(}, ,r.s it. fitted in so accurately with what- people from other puts <f GippsUud had repeatedly told r. e. Muiyare the, change', and imxorabi3 the .•SU'la'p* of fashion. We have only j-a«,t mana to become reconciled to the revival in a modified £. i! m of the ctinoline of the euly days when the watkl of ti.* magician motu-'i is waved, and bey presto ! we are back agiia among the 'clinging gowns of the time of the director I he day before yesterday the picture hat. w making our g'"rU' facis bew t.-hinp, »Dd we k> s<en nothing we more admMei." Yr»IeiJB the toreador hat oa-e av.ui'v r.mi j '"!, alorg. To(Uv tie turn,- ha* \- . •iM," pit ;n hx*"'!p -'laim for preccdw KB tit f Y-/ a1' t-l while back aud p I'erlamili .s was -onprht-]' U tug himself on the fact that expensive trim mice a were having^ a res" B-auty and fashion had declined m lavor of plain ladvlika r-onu-ne? Aovv the block ii fail of promenidcrs ivhr.« drrs«3 are one mass nf g'itterin;.'spa-i'-les •' > 'h materials of which the ares** are compel U tU*o thorougu.y narlrtjuin i:i cii.ir.ic t-r--Cll brown, bin.-, yc-JSow, grttta, vno'hysClvnL etc. All that i-3 required ij that thev shall be profusely decorate 1 on bodice, shoulder? skirt in short, ahogotJ-fr with glittttiog cold'"and siher spj.wj.ia. The efta-i prcJuccd by the sun's rays 'hushing on the e is scmswha:" akin to that of the ballet ■' 1)';.):" iu " Diia Diin." Indeed, the whole thing i, t> too theatrical to be taslcfalorjauyhke. i',c.,,!ro to yourself a bail i.rcsj cf tnin diiphanous materia'! of n ri-h yellow in color alii one mass of these s-n-in. like spangles ! Would Von care to s„» any cf your women folk so closely resemblin-r a"n,uVh girl m at"ire" = ■ fVi!" \^'c'eiectl0» atFjrJs us some int:re»t m tha si.ly season. Ai was generally ex l : ,5U' ■ ■ « i:':Ker , "r-H'!y brcotie l hU .lol.tstittis.s >-!t the no lo.'iL'C.-utajsv s-.va-d'i of wuat we used to call lim/rai.i "Hi:!."" Mr. fHP",Sl'r V;:l3 ° run:i,er-uP- Why ia our halting fne^ids nsme spelt Manger, always pro nouuesd upon his ov.a authority 53 Msjur' but the returns show that he n-,vr had a chance. Hesimply split- the Labor vet- to a comparatively small extent and it, is perfectly clear that, as was shown hv the frevo-ia (ion South Melbourne is solid for Labor. Mr" „f P°" would be nearly equalled by that nf Messrs. Tucker and Macger, so that" there is no doubt but that thj3 constituency sneaks with_clear-throated voice. At one tii-l- the position .ookedi a little dangerous j there was a ri-U tn„„ a gentleman who would doubtless have made an able representative, but who still would not have presented in Parliament the spi-it thought, feeling and iiminct cf the maj- jritv of the! electors, v.ould have secured the seat owintr to the rift. The results interpreied themselves otherwise, and Parliament has now a a^'-ind supply of Tucker to rely upon. *1 °.UiuLa!,)nr n-emb'r3 are beginning to realise that the atmosphere of the Trades Hal! is some what different to that of Parliament Mr Saagstsr has had sore wo.-ry in consequence of the accusation made in that deeo bass of his with respect to the safety of sea-goiug craft, and Messrs. Prendergist and Hamilton have been aceonu-d a dubious hou »r of a hoard to in vestigite th*ir charge against the electrical ani engineering branch of U,e postal department, i say dubious honor, for a member whose un fettered tongue leads him on to thia sort of rampage usually finds that he wastes h's money, his time, his patience and his business during just that portion of the vear | when he ought to be striving to recover the lot. There is much jubilation in the ranks of the licensed victuallers over the result of the South ! Melbourne election. Mr. Tucker had been unanimously chosen by the "trade" for sun port, and for once the publicars worked to gether. The Spor(-iman and Licensed Yi^'-ta'K-r the official organ of the association, oa'tVed nesday morning devoted a leuler to the sub ject, the central note of which is the nec?cs<*y for concerted action at future elections. Th'-re is little doubt that the resolve to fink all per sonal matters among the licensed victualing contributed largely to Mr. Tucker's return. On t.io other hand people were disinclined to endorse Mr. Mauget'd extreme views, and neither Dr. Owen nor Mr. Bent found suffic ed favor to ensure support. Personally I -lV;-,b' astonished that the "hon. Thomas" even w^nt to the poll. It was another instance of " firit ne would, then ho wouldn't, then he *rou; ! " More.than ones I endeavored to induce him through lua best frieuds to withdraw InU mateiy in touch with the e'retoraf I was enabled to "assure them that Mr. Beut had not a ghost of a show." mention of the cerUicty that he would Iobc bia £50 deposit being only refrained from on friendly grounds. Apart from the cost of the present defeat any future chance the ex-Speaker might have had else where has been, to say the least r.f it, serously prejudiced. With regard to Mr. Tucker, hia best friends do not claim for him the gift of oratory. He is not by any means a glib or ready speaker, lint he is honest and straight forward and v/eighs a matter thoroughly, views it .rom all sides betore he orTers an opinion on it. In addition, he is intimately acquainted wath the requirements of the district fo- whi"h he has been elected, and i: is not every mem ber who can say that. The worst Mr. Tucker's opponents can aay ab"ut him is that "he's"an other Labor candidate." R'jjnors are circulating through the cTclioe world to the effect tliat an invention h;is hertn discovered which on hein» applied to the geariu^ of r. machineaccelcraiesihf.pace.jOpercent. This means that a champion like Linton, who has covered 30 miles within the hou'-, will g.-jw be in a position to pedal up to 4-"> milts inside t:i& sime time. _ A new terroradded to life. A'readvtha shock is great of having a machice whi' a,i«t vcn in the dark, having corns noiselessly t.loiu "the road behind you. Presently I suppose weshall have the "gentle foolpad ' running his victims violently down before robbing thPm. There ■ would be nothing more simple than iuthe evml of a policeman turning up—though Iadmit «a"h a possibility would bs remote—to declare that it was " a pure accident." The- iaveator of the. new gearing, however, 13 at present tryki:? hia invention in the most practical manner." Snoulcl it answer all questions, he expects to receive £10,000 for his rights. Captain W aliirgton'3 broken arm is mending rapidly. ^ Fortunately for h;m rhcinjurv proved to be a simple fracture. No one stems'to know why ths gallant and courteous captain is sever ing his connection with Government House, "a little while back it was reported that he was to leave for Engiaud to fill a post obtained for him by Lord Hop*tonn ; that, however haa^ since b-:ca contradicted* x^ow wo hear thnt JDflueucc is being brought to bear to secure for him the Chief Commissioner ship of police, to be rendered vacau<\- by the retirement of Mr. Chomley. I don't personally know what Captain Wellington's qualifications for such a responsible position are, bu- how ever high they may be, 1 am inclined to think that his appointment would raise a storm the Chief Secretary would not care to fa:e. Some two or three yeare back, when Mr. Cr.omley's retirement was first mooted, such discussion arose inside and outside the Assembly over the appointment of his successor that the minister of the day was glad to ask Mr. Chomley to remain in orRcs a little Ion§or, Indeed, if 1 rc» member rightly, the opinion was expressed that, with a view to retrenchment, the oilice would be abolished altogether or at all events n-.erged into another brsr.ch cf the police de partment. The April number of has a Eerips of trenchant paragraphs of the Transvaal trcublee. Mr. Labnuchere declares that these have been brong.)tai;out solely by the company /nontrers who care little wnethor the whole cf South Africa be- longs to England, to the Eoers, or to a Khodesian Republic so long as their own private interests are served, and to secure these no effort, legitimate or illegitimate, is spared. Says the writer:—"I wonder whstsll tils !i;a that are telegraphed from South Africa cost the financial crew which lias initio that country the Jiekl of its operation 1 The whole efforts of the gang are cow concentrated on tn endeavor to whitewash the Chartered Company in order to once mote boon its shares and those of its sub-companies in Matabi-'.elaivl. Thoy have not yefc_given up the expectation cf embitter ing the feelirg between England and the Trans vaal so that troubles wilt arise. The men at :ho bottom of it have almost unlimited facd.", they are energetic and able, and a large portion of ths press over here is with them. They are ready to masquerade as pat not s, or missionaries, or any thing else that may serve their purpose. They -Rre the curse of South Africa and' until they are suppressed with a firm hand there is no likelihood of that portion of the elobe peace ably settling down." The Golden West is advancing rapidly in its acquisition of the adjuncts of civilisation. Wherever some thousands of Aaglo-S iron diggers are gathered together there* will be found plenty of sport. First racing, then cricket, football, boxing, tvrestli"£T, w/tii a -- line of etceteras. Hitherto C-Jotgardie has contented itself witti minor race" mestit:"?. Thia year, however, it intends launchicg ou: on a much more pretentious ;ala. A Ir.oU paper forivarded me.contains the announcement that the Coolgarrlio Racing C ub v. ili hold its first annual meeting ou the 7th and S h Auj'uVt; that nu the first day 470 for;, wili be offvted in prizes, ivcludirg the Go'dS-ld" Cup of >SO sovs , while o"i the second day 500 sov?. w:H be "given away," of which the Co.igardieC'ua wiil take no less than 300 sovs. Whit, do sok think of that for the go'dnelds cap';:al--for such I suppose we muat ii>em Conlaardic. The Jolrxalist Stoked.-—It i.» very haul ° a j°urn3list. rThe other day a we.l-known member o? the profession west into a post oilice to send a tt-legram and post . a leaer. Cm t soil stamps riow,' ja;d tb<i c.erk, " i-'.s after hours.' • But this leftcr wJ very important, urged the journalist. . 'Thia Cih-e is only oiica f:»r telej^rntih* hnshiew3, • s?iid iho olfcik decidedly. The journalist tnok^ a form, wrote nut ;; te!r»ram —14 «• tiros—Mia har.decl the cierk 7d. The elent gave^ him a sixpenny a:iu a peuny star.ip, ami thy j juri'ahst calmly struck >'•«- 'j10 Inst two words on the forai, stuck '' t!ie sixuotif.y .stamp on i% affiled the penny stare.j* to Lis letttr and walked out of iho •.diicn to pat ;t into the Jfetter-box. Want of spacr^:uk1 other on-ddernrions forbid iho repvouuetioa in full of the clerk's expression of ooinion. 