THEY SAY: - That the Quadrilles organised by School of Arts . Committer do. not seem to 'catch oa' in Molong.. Why?' That the ghost,, winch has. been ap pearing lately in Molong, bu left for fresh fields. That the- presentation lost week. at. Borenore to Mr. Andetson was well deserved. That we should get- a. commissioni for directing persons to. the- office of . j tbe Inspector of Stook. -jjj That it is. amusing to see. peoples*!! ?'-./)? in and ask us to part up.the bonus for '?_* Bcalps. That George Windued bas not dis covered, the- thief who annexed his ooil of wire yet. That be would like to all the same. That the tbeatrioal troupe did. not. take much coin out of Molong. That the stock, sales atCumnock to- . morrow will be the best yet held. That the Council's dayman earns every penny of his 7* per day;. That the season- so far- promises exceptionally well for fanners. That a correspondent wants te per head put on crows.. Why not- make ft half a sovereign white on tho job. That Mr. Beid bas promised to * place £850 on the estimates; for tbo purpose of assisting- the metropolitan1 bands. That if a grant was mado to tbo Molong Band, we- might get a little music occasionally.. That tho Abobs secured tbe print ing ot books for the- bed CbonoiL That both tenders.were eqnal, and a' coin was spun ap to settle tbe rna&e;?.* The Amhjb called '? beads, ~ and so it was. That the Inspector of Nhisanoes ia not the least alarmed at the Council's action last week. Bo intends, to do his duty all the same. That the Public Servioo Board ara at present dealing with the Post and. Telegraph Department. ? . That sweeping redactions in.Belaries- and dismissals, are reported. That we wonder bow matK Civjt Servants will vote lor Freetraois next election ? That the Molong Cricket Club will lose a thorough cricketer in the de- parture of Mr. Lamont. That the Mayor was united in th» holy bonds of matrimony during tha week. Our bestwishea. That the Premier has postponed hi& fmanaUgStatemeot till next' wgek. TjjlgjSjMefful BAMumamn ts^js cupWiC. Hall's clearing miqghr.. TbafHpamberof Owgoites/an- i* town o^roonrfc bosineab. That the spirit xappera. haie dis covered the Melbourne Cup winner, bat refuse to disclose the name. Thef intendinaldngagreat haul out of it That Bedooat was represented by two' winners during tbe week— Bed Boae at Cumnock, and Bock Boise at Moowfieia. ' ' Tftrt nutteroiis oomplaints have been made at the groups of yonng fellows who lounge at cbqtob ^prnrfi of a Sunday night. ? ' ; Go to E. Blackadder, Jewe}]er, lj-r v Ladies'DreSB . or Engagement A fins stock jfist to ban# Imkjfy yi 