I BALL-ROOM BICYCLING. A New Idea. To be introduced at Melbourne Government House. (The Argus.) The all-conquering bicycle has had many triumphs. Politicians, physicians, und professional men of all grades aud ages have gono down before or with it, but its latest and greatest conquest is tho dancin' man. Tho willowy youth in toothpick shoes and a vapid expres sion, whoso long lordod it over. tho ballroom, is to bo hurled from his pedestal — a crushed and crumpled atom on the polished floor. The pneuin ttic tiro is on his neck. For a littlo while we shall see him haunting the bull'ot like an out-of-date ghost, grizzling morbidly overthe dec idenceof waltzing, and declaring (with the old damoi of ' Dorothy') that dancing isn't what it used to bo iu the merry days when lie was youug. Some day Humane people will have him taken away in an am bulance, and the dancim; man will disappear for ever. Tlie bicycle has invaded the ballroom, and on July 7, when Lord and Lady Brassey give their first ball of the season at Government-house, a musical ride on bicycles will ue an important item ou the programme. It will be an adaptation of the musical ride of the Household Brigade or tho Scuts Groys, and many of the guests are now earnestly practising the evolutions. It is the begiuuing of a social revolution, of course, and it was inevitable. Novelty is the great want of the ball room. Powder and patches, the minuet, cotillion, and barn dance each had their day and their devotees, but the ivign of the bicycle should be more lasting. The diSbutante of the future will be pictured, perhaps, not in satin duchesse and chiffon, but in ihort tweed or oloth skirts, or it may bo even bloomers. Australia usually w.-tits for a lead in social departures, and follows them warily and in terrible fear of Mrs. Grundy, but in this particular case Australia leads. In England the bicycle was a feature iu tiie Bourne mouth battle of flowers (and Bourne mouth is a very smart place), held a few weeks ago, and society papers tell of a bicycle church parade, in which the Duke and Duchess of Westminster, Lord Connem ira, Lord Womyss, Lady Jessel, Lady Radnor. Lady Angela Forbes, Lady Egmont, Lord and Luly Dowrishire, Lord George Hamilton, Sir George Chotwynd, and over so many more scions of ncbility took part, but thus far it would appear that the British ballroom is still without its special track and banked ends, though they ill ay come in time. Australia is undoubtedly first. ?Among the ladies and gentlemen who will take part iu the music.il ride at Government-house, are, beside His Excellency the Governor, Captain and the Hon. Mrs. Freeman-Thomas, and the Earl of Shaftesbury, Captain and Mrs. Neville,- Commander. Collins, Mr.: and Sirs. Keating, Mrs. Chas. Ryan, Dr. Noyes, Dr. and Mrs. Macmullen, Mr. and Miss Clapp, Mrs. Malcolm,' Miss Butler, Mr. Stennel, and others. The ladies will wear cycling costumes of pale blouses, with dark blue ties and dark blue skirts. The dress of the men will harmonise. It has not been quite decided in detiil, but the return to the knee breeches and the silk stockings, and perhaps the lace ruffles, of Queen Elizabeth's time is fore shadowed. Oil Saturday afternoon a rehearsal was held in a large suburban drill-room with peculiarly appropriate environments, for a ball had been held the night before. The floor was' so highly polished that French chalk had to be used to minimise that dread of all cyclists, side-slipping. The instructor was Mr. C. H. Eckenstein, of the Carbine cycle works, who is a recent arrival in Melbourne with the most up-to- date ideas iu regard to the pre vailing craze. He had the honor of teaching these identical evolutions to the Princess of Wales, Princess Pies?, Prince and Princess of S »xe Weimar, the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, the Earl of Shaftesbury, Lord Lennox, Lord Houry Nevill. Tho tutor was a master. in trick riding, though none of his. pupils have yet reached that stage of perfection. Captain Neville and Commander Collins, whose very titles indicate tho right to lead rather than follow, obey in every detail the orderof the autocrat and Dr. Noyes humbles himself in the presence, and is docile as a little child. Lord Richard Nevill (whose brother, Lord Hotiry, with the Earl of'Sbaftes bury,; was tutored by Mr. Eckenstein in London) has not yet sufficiently re covered. from his hunting accidont to tnlco part in the musical ride. It is noticeable here us on the rrads that the matrons of Melbourne have caught tho bicycle infection- in much more virulent form than tho maids.- Let the depressed and deposed dancing teuehors seek consolation in that. In this rehearsal Mrs. Keating, who leads tho ladies,, appears an ideal cyclisto. She is a graceful rider in a becoming black cloth costume, the skirt of which appears to be doublo, with tho front widths cut like an apron, and her Turn o Shanter suits her as that crying head-gear suits few women. Mrs. Macmullen also rides well, and has full confidence in her own powers. Both the figures and the commands indicate it a blend of the cavalry ride and tho quadrille. ; Already the riders are sufficiently instructed to show that it will be a very effective and delight ful innovation in the ballroom. Al though one lady in particular came down several times, she did it so deftly that there was barely an interruption to tho movement, and all aro deter mined that neither want of practice nor stage-fright; shall causoa fiasco on the oventful night. Another lady in a holland costume, turning sharply too near the wall, wns unseated, but remounted so quickly that only an ex pert cyclist could detect that the move menfc was not part of the rehearsal. As the instructor calls tho figures, ' Ladies right turn, gentlemen left turn — chain — ladies to the centre,' and so on, it , does, perhaps, suggest in tho slightest degree tho modest suburban 'op — only ho says ' Gontlomon,' not ' Gents.' Ono of tho figures of the ride is called Flirtation, and is done to the appropriate music of ' The Ma Mio Rosette' waltz, hi this ono might reasonably havo oxpt'eted tho realisa tion of that highly-coloured poster designed to coax tho hesitating spinster to tho fascinating wheel, and in which a magnificent youth in knickers whispers flattering woids in tho well doveloped ear of a simpering cycliste. Nothing of tho kind, however. It is decorous to the degree of cold indif ference, and, led by a gallant officer in a brown suit and that pained oxpres known as ' the biuycle fnee,' disarms in an instant evory matronly fear. The tut,or at iutervals relieves tho monotony of the rehearsal by exhibitions of trick riding, in which be burlesques the fads of tho dignified rider with high-handle bar, knees turned out and toes turned iu, or the wild and whirling ways of the uncompromising scorcher. Those hostesses who are anxious to introduce the idea in their noxtball programmes, and what a splendid draw a few num bers of the kind would be for a charity ball —should bo warnod that perfection is only achieved with endless practice, rhis one rehearsal lasted over three hours, an. I was so frequently repeated that tho cyclometer on Mrs. ICeating's bicycle must, since the beginning of the fortnight's practice, have registered over a century. Lady Brassey and the Hon. Mrs. Freeman-Thomas, on their way home from the Jumble Fair at tho Town-hall, looked in for a few moments to note progress, and His Excellency the Governor was co have been at the re hearsal had not one of his many en gagements detained him elsewhere. Lord Brassey will take part iu the first display, but Lady Brassey will wait for the second dance. At the end of the rehearsal all the ladies looked greatly fatigued, and one of them — a golf player — more tired than after u long day on the links in a champion match. Afternoon tea was served at 4 o'clock. One apprehension alone remains. Will Herr Ploek, who has for so many generations beaten time 11 to the dancers dancing in time,' consent to remodel his methods, forswear the classical for the modern of moderns, renounce the dreamy waltz to compose the pneumatic march, and ' make music' at the bidding of a bicycle. 