THE SUGAR DEBATE. Last night's proceedings in the Assembly, although of themselves to the last degree fiat, stale, aud unprofitable, raise a very important question. That is, whether we are ever to look for anything like finality in dealing wRh tho business of the country; and, if so, where is the point at which it may be reached ? Within the past two years tho electors have been twice appealed to on tho question of freetrade and protection, and each time they have given an answer as distinct and as decisive as is ever likely to be obtained under similar circumstances. With reiterated emphasis the voice of the people has declared that all taxes levied for tho support of particular.industrles must cease, and that decision is now embodied in the law of the land. Since then there has been no manifestation of public repentance, uor has anything transpired which could be interpreted as giving Parliament the slight est. pretence for re-opening the question. Yet, last night a private member, under the bogus plea that it was "a definite mat ter of urgent public importance," was al lowed to interrupt business by starting a debate on tho expediency of specially ex empting sugar growers and sugar manufac turers from tlie operation of the fiscal policy, to which everyone else must submit. Under cover of this, with the farcical solemnity usually characterising such proceedings, all the old used-up protectionist arguments that the country lias so frequently declared itself tired of heuriug were repeated. What does Parliamentary government mean if it is to remain powerless to deal with wanton ob struction of this kind, which can at any time re-open a settled question, and substitute a necessarily futile debate upon it, for the serious business in baud? What last night's discussion made plain was that this question must sooner or later receive attention, with tho view of framing rules for keeping the ghosts of the old political battlefields from rising up and intruding upon Parliament while it is engaged in its everyday work. Otherwise, it will be impossible to ever reach a conclusion upon anything. It' a question, which is disposed of oue day, may be brought up again, as fresh as ever, on the next, political decisions count for noth ing, and it is hardly worth while registering them. W'e are not going to traverse the barren ground of last night's debate at any length. There was the usual argument that tlie sugar Industry will be ruined if the cheap products of foreign labor are not kept out of our market, and following that was the equally familiar contention that tho effect of keeping them out is to lower the price of the local article. It is too late in the day to trouble about pointing out tlio fiat contradiction involved iu those two state ments. The intelligence of the country has grasped it long ago, the result being that the removal of tho duties lias become a political necessity, which cannot be any longer ignored. Instead of the sugar indus try being singled out for specially harsh treatment, tlie facts are just tho other way round. It lias had a special concession, which other interests witli equal claims have been denied. While time is given to (lie sugar industry to prepare for the remission of tho duties, ali those other trades which use sugar In manufacturing are unfairly han dicapped. They have to buy their mate rial in a protected market, and sell their, products in a freetrade one. Tiiat tlie sugar- growers have had a subsidy from taxation for so much longer than other people, in stead of being a reason for continuing it, is logically tlie reverse. Having had so much expensive coddling, they should ho now iu a better position to stand alone than those whose artificially incubated trades have only recently been the recipients of protective favors. If they can over do without the people being taxed for tlieir assistance, tliey can do without it now. If tliey can never reach that stage of independence, then their industry must be an unproductive one, in which the employment given simply ranks with public relief works. In reply to t|ie demand for more taxa tion on behalf of tlie sugar Interest, the Premier was clear and emphatic enough. He declared once and for all that the man date of tlie country with respect to the duties would have to lie obeyed by all alike, and that under no circumstances would any extension of time be granted. As far as it goes, that is satisfactory. Mr. Reid hinted, however, at some vague schemes for sub: sidising the industry in other ways. If the sugar growers would show that tlioy were prepared to help themselves, he said, tho Government would be willing to consider any safe and feasible plan of rendering sup plementary assistance. Presumably lie had in his mind the "central mill system," about which vague negotiations have already passed between the Government and the northern farmers. It was thought that he had put that idea out of his head, hut it seems not. However, as he makes it a condition that there must be no elementary financial risk to the taxpayer, not much harm can be done, for when that disappears tho sugar growers will not trouble him. When central mills can be established with an absolute certainty of their yielding a fair return on tlie capital sunk in them, there will be plenty of people eager to pro vide that accommodation.- As soon as it is safe for tlie Government to find tlie money for the enterprise, it will be safe for pri vate capitalists, whose unemployed funds are choking up the banks and returning only a nominal interest. Whether this pro mise of Mr. Reid's wilf go very far to satisfy tlie sugar growers in their demnnd for State bounty, at the expense of other people 110 better off thau themselves, may, therefore, be doubted. Probably tlie Premier would get as much thanks if he put tho sugar in dustry on absolutely the same political foot ing as every other, by asking it straight out to shift for itself, which is what in tlie end it must do, and should be able to do, in order to be of any benefit lo the country. It is to be hoped that the exception, not the rule, is represented by the case in wbich a saveloy-maker was charged at the Central Police Court yesterday with having on his premises a quantity of beef unfit for, though intended for, human cousumjition. The evidence on which the magistrate im posed a heavy fine went to prove that the meat found on these premises and, according to the defendant, intended for conversion into saveloys, was "green, dirty, and in a state of decay." The Health Officer imme diately condemned a sample of it submitted to him, and the meat was taken to Moore Park aud buried there by the inspectors, so that dogs might not sustain injury through eating It. The saveloy is comparatively a popular article of food, so that tho damage urea of green, dirty, decayed meat used in making it is extensive. As tlie magistrate said, it Is not to he wondered at that disease is spread, if such deleterious food as this Is sold to the public. To what extent it is sold there Is unfortunately 110 reliable way of ascertaining, any more thau there Is a possibility, under present conditions, of keeping efficient, ami regular supervision over tlie sale of articles for human consump tion. The soul of goodness that Is said to be in all things eyil, however, appears here in the form of publicity, which may be expected to cheek whatever similar abuses exist. The ease also points with unmistakc- able clearness to tlie necessity for some such system of rigorous inspection and regula tion as is provided by Factories Acts. The Postmaster-General is to be congratu lated ou tlie "boom in telephones" which has placed him in control of more miles of tele phone than are directed by all the other Postmasters- General in Australia and Tas mania. This result is almost entirely aseri- bnble to the liberal and progressive policy adopted by Mr. Cook iu administering this branch of the department. It is a branch of more importance aud greater possibilities than had previously been recognised at headquarters, because tlie telephone is likely to come into very general use. The time will apparently come soou when, unless something unforeseen in the way of a more suitable invention intervenes, telephone con nection yvill be almost as indispensable to every building, domestic and official, as gas and water connections are uow. To such a realisation, howeyer, reduced cost is an es sential condition, nud what may be achieved In that way is indicated by Mr. Cook's state ment that "since lie reduced t)ie rates ho has been rushed with applications from all parts of the city, and the suburbs, and the country districts for connections." Apotlicr contributory cause to the popularisation of the telephone is tlie adoption of tlio most efficient circuit system available. In that re spect the overpowering weight of testimony is in favor of the metallic circuit, which, as well as being tlio most convenient, is capable of being adopted without the ex pense that would tend to make connection dearer than was compatible witli its general adoption. Both these conditions have been recognised by Mr. Cook, and the result is that the circle of telephonic communication is increasing daily, not iu the elty alone, bpt in and with tlie country districts, where it promises to supersede telegraphy to au ex tent because of its greater rapidity and cheapness. 