THE CHAMBER AT OMES- CLIFFE. iCojidadtdfirota, Za*t issue.) ijtill looking^zito theeruelblde eyes i "and me chamcally-fitting'tke gold key into the lockj tnrned iti and raised the lid. A strong, rich;perfaine still hung aboat the quilted satin lining ; within were some lew letters tied with ; bine ribbon. >£e touched,■ them with aversion, [ them as her eyes caught j i wonls, scrawled in. an un l-girlbahdon the most gor jte-paper. A long, soft lock wn hairlay beneath them rolpntaline ' ■ mf- ' ®d no jjl^'er, but, J°sing ?dta hfcng, flnnghe#1* ?n angrily, ^ripra-bly, ^pelessly. ice ^^to her window, and^^aijt^fo^kcould leek the storey "f'jealoos despdr that ssessed her. She,r raised Wrself at st all tear-stained and and ; >kedat her pretty siende'uand with or cruel little wounds V*ere she had ^tea it;.to prevent heredt shrieking or 'f Into hysterics. / ~;"1 —r" T * j sgy f she thought. ever see him again. She was not to be allowed the choice, however, and rose weary and pent -with passion. Lady Mildred's crnel eyes followed her to the door. She locked it, and then the door of the bed-room and slowly and painfully inade her way down the dusky stairs. Her dress caught someho w, her foot slipped and she fell heavily forward against the rotting banister. It cracked under her weight, gave way, and fell crash ing down some thirty feet into the darkness, while she saved herself by a sudden'jerk and grasp at a sounder part of the rail. She was not. to be taken at her rash word, and sick' and giddy she crept down the rest of the stairs. A splinter of wood had torn her hand, though she did not notice it, and the blood dropped on her gown and the handkerchief that held the keys when she stopped to pick it up. She sped .On to the inhabited part of the house, hoping to gain her room an observed. "Lynettel "Where are yon"' she heard Lola calling. "Here, is John; coming home!" Lynette rushed to replace the keys in the bureau, then to her rooom, where she came fnll upon astonished Lola in search of her. No wonder Lola opened her fine eyes. Lynette's pretty blue gown was ] smirched and blood-spotted, her hair dusty and dishevelled^ her cheeks hashed and tear-streaked. Lola had pie gift of -accepting ja, situation without needless comment, and when Lynette gasped "John' coming! Oh, help me!" instead of exclaiming or ringing for the maid, she tore. off the soiled gown, and thrust it out of sight, poured out' a hasinfull of cold water1 with a dash of eamde-cologne in it, and brushed and knotted np the fleece of light hair that fell over her sister's shoulders, then placed herself coolly at the -window to report events. " I made -John, out with a field-glass coming down the hill from the station," she sairii,r"'and Mark's dogcart on the Featbeisionhope road. Yes; there's ; John jnst coming oat of the shrubbery ; j he is taking the short cat-" j Lynette finished bstbiag her face, and looked up wildly. " What can .1; do 1 "What will he say . ," You Jiad better dress for dinner at once," Said Tola, calmly. " Let me get your gown out. John is coming over the field now, and someone after ■ him." '"Ob, who is it? and where is Mark? He ought to overtake Jbbn." " I can't see. A flock' of sheep on the road are raising snch a cloud of: dust. Ah, there is the dog-cart j John will he here first." "Oh, look again, Lola.'do! Is ho: one else coming ?" said Lynette, clasp ing on her amber necklace in frantic haste. " Yes; the other man, Mr. Murga- • troyd. 1, know his buff overcoat. He will soon be up to John. Let me put your roses on for you. What an ex qnisite Marshal Niel!" "There, there! Tell me where they are now." "Just at the door ; they are all to gether." " Lynette ! Lynette !" sounded through the hall in John's cheery tenor voice. "Run down, dear, if you wish to meet him before Mark and Murgatroyd come |n." "?htl don't!" cried Lynette, des perately. j ■; * - There was a sound of voices and greeting in the hall below, and Lynette swept down the staircase to meet her husband with the decorum made obli gatory of others, while Lola, wondering greatly, departed to dress as the - din ner-bell was clanging noisly from the turret above. She wondered more at dinner; Lynette sat between Mark and the eminent R.A., talking, laughing, and looking prettier than her sister had ever imagined possible. John was un usually silent, and once when the north rooms were mentioned shot a question ing glance at the sisters, unnoticed by his wife, and received with serene in comprehension by Mrs. Featberstone. Lynette was silent and moody in the drawing-room alone with ber sister. "Lola,"she asked, suddenly, "tell me about Lady Mildred. Yon pro mised you would once." Lola looked perplexed. " It's not an edifying story, dear. She married Mark for his money.. She told him so afterwards, and shade her self as nncomfortable a wife as a man could have; fast, extravagant, bad tempered. She had a sort of way with her that men admired, and she gave oat that Mark was very hard on her. I believe she flirted to the verge of im propriety, bnt.did manage to stop there ; .at least, there never was any actual scandal -against her, till she died." "Hen there was a stoiy?" de manded Lynette, her face concealed by ber fan. " Only suppositious at most. Mark, was in Paris when the old butler wrote to him to come back at once. He did so, and found her ill with what proved to be typhus fever. He nursed her, let no one go near her but the London nnrse besides himself. She died a week after, quite unconscious. She said queer things in her delirium, and servants have ears and will talk; be sides, the butler's letter was written before her illness was known. - Her trunks were all packed, her maid did not know why; and a "letter or two came to the house for her that Mark read and burned on the spot. He is very unforgiving, is Mark. He would not let ber be buried with his people in Featherstone church, but at mid night she was carried out to the vault in St. Bidders, with no onevhut Mark to follotv her." , Lynette looked gloomily across the bay to;the headland,dark against the moonlit sea, where the ruined church still stood ; a landmark for the fisher men. " Who was he V she asked pre-" sently in a dty, cracked voice. f "Some ypnng fellow with lots of money, younger than herself. I only know from chance gossip. No one ever heard the whole story." " " Good night, Lola," and Lynette sprang up hurriedly. " Ask them to excuse me. My head is aching miser ably, and Mr, Murgatroyd will want to play billiards half the night." - Lola kissed her fondly, and saw her depart with dire misgivings. "I must speak to John before I sleep," Lynette was saying to herself.' " He suspects something; I know his 1 face so well. He has seen the keys, j Ob, I must bear the full truth now, j but it will kill me," she sobbed. She has dismissed her maid, and wrapped' in her dressing-gown, sat trembling in the moon-light awaiting John's coming: She heard him stirr ing softly, she fancied, in his dressing room, but he never came. Midnight came and passed. One clanged from the clock tower, then two. Lynette started from -an uneasy doze. Her room was in darkness, the house sunk in tomb-like stillness. Where was John f' She listened at his door, then entered softly. Silence and emptiness. No trace of mm',' except that from his window she could see acrose the great black mass of' building a glimmering light, It shone from the blue chamber in the deserted north tower. She was too crushed and hopeless to weep again. She could only give a faint protesting little moan, and sink into her chair and sleep. Such sleep 1 More painful and wearying than hours of watching. Such dreams 1 playing with her great misery as with a toy, showing it to her now in one light* how in another; now as a jest, now as a dread, formless, over- shadowing horror. She. was laughing, crying, dancing, dressing, going through scene after scene, fantastic or commonplace, but always alone. There was no John in the world; and she' woke with a bitter cry to find her head resting on his shoulder and his arm round her waist. "Oh J John, my John, what do I care if you have had a hundred Lady Mildreds for your first loves, if you will but keep me as your last 1" " Why, you are dreaming, my poor little darling," said John, laughing; "and no wonder! I thought you were . in bed . hours ago, when I listened at the door and fonnd all still and dark." Lynette roused herself to look at him by the grey light of the morning. He was in a rough yatching suit, his shoulders were dusty, and his hands smoked and grimy. "I,ve hafla dirty job to do," he said, apologetically,1" and it had to be finished to-night.' I never thought I should be so long about it, though. Z say, Lynette, Fin awfully hungry, and I don't know how to get any breakfast except by going down totheyatcbforit." " Do," cried Lynette, "and take me. I sha'n'tsleep any more this morning." . John'departed to " clean himself," while Lynette hurried into a blue serge dress, and was ready as soon as he was. They stole out of their rooms and down the cor ridor to the forbidden region. Lynette shuddered as they came upon the staircase with its broken , rail. A rash of cold air and grey light came up from somewhere below, and-the head of John's factotnm, the steward of the Preciosa, was seen as cending to their level. " Fve brought the boat round, sir." " Got the cordaud weights ?" " Here, sir." " All right. Wait here till I call you. Will you come with me for a minute or two, dear ? The stair is quite safe close to the wall." He helped her np. testing carefully each step with bis own foil weight before he let her' venture on it. " Did yon know I had been here before, John ?" she took courage to whisper. " I gnesBed it; look here," and he opened his hand,'showing the tiny golden key. "I found this, all messed with blood, where you had dropped it, and that told the story." " Were yon angry ?" "Angry? My darling! As if I had room in my heart for anything but thank fulness that you were saved to me," and he stopped to give her a mighty hug. The Blue Eoom door stood open. A tremendous litter was on the hearth; blackened scraps of paper, pieces of broken 'glass, and a particularly evil smell was in the air. Lynette turned pale, and sat down on the first chair, and John cleared his throat, and seemed singularly wanting in his accustomed readiness of speech. "You see, deiar—I ought to tell you everything, you know. It's a nasty story —I didn't care to bother you with it be fore I could help—but Murgatroyd coming, you see." Here John ran aground. " About Lady Mildred ?" suggested Ly nette, in a hard, forced little voice. " Exactly so," said John, floated off again. "X knew her, you see, when I was home for the holidays, and thought no end of her. She was so sweet, so gracious, so unhappy. Something between a queen and a saint in my very juvenile eyes I made up lots of romances abont her, till one day, when they all broke down. I was here a good deal. Spencer Caringham and I were school,.friends, and one Easter I found Pensonby Caringham, the eldest son, at home—an awful scamp he was. Spehcer teld me no end of queer stories about his brother, and one day oDe abont Lady Mil dred, for which I gave the poor little beg gar a licking there and then. That night, however, Ponsonby tried to get me to take a note to Featherstonehope, and then I saw it was all true, and went back to school disggfited. and believing all things against ali^^^^^g^except always my own. little swee I heard of her death, 1 anA^ -\Vbe 'r1 like a pauper romantic notion into my bead that I, at least, would stow her faononr, and I got away unobserved, caught a night train, and arrived at St. Bride's church just in time to see Mart Featherstone leaving. "The vaultwasalready boardednp. I had brought a wreath of white flowers, so I just laid it at the closed door and was going, when Z catne full on Fonsonby Caringham looking like a ghost -in the light. He went on like a madman, raved, and tried to tear down the boarding of the vault, and at last flung himself on the grass before it, crying like a child. * Did you bring that, Orme ?' be asked, pointing to the wreath. ' You are a good little fel low. She always liked you.' I got away from him at last, and back without detec tion.- Some fame after I got a letter from Fonsonby, enclosing two keys. He was going abroad, into the Turkish service, and he left these rooms in my care, begging me to destroy his treasured relics when .oc casion required. And a tough job it has been," ended John, stretching himself. " A whole case filled with things under j that table, and a portrait and letters. 11 burned and smashed all I could, and now I'm going to drown the rest before we go to the yacht. Hullo, Duncan!" ] The grizzled head of the old sailor ap peared in the doorway in answer to the call. " Jnst fasten up and weigh that, will you," pointing to a canvas-covered bundle on the floor. "Now, Lynette." They made their way in shy silence down the treacherous staircase to its lowest depth, where a door opened out on the face of the cliff. There was a path, and some rocky steps down to the harbour where the yacht's boat was in waiting. " Do yon see that big rock just under St. Bridge's church ?" John said. " Tbey say there is a fathomless depth of water there." John took the oars, and Lynette steered carefully ont to the rocky headland. The cliffs rose black and grim, there was a great silence on the grey, cold sea, and she shivered as she took the oars while John lifted the heavy bundle and lowered it over the side as gently as he conld. Down, down it went into the cold, dark water, with a sullen splash and a whirl of of foam-bells; and the boat, - after one great rock, shot out merrily from the chill shadow into the first rays of the level sun. Lynette's heart' gave one great bonnd in accord. John's kind eyes.were smiling on her, the last vestige of her folly at the bot tom of the sea, the world all fresh and glowing in the warm beams of the new day's son. Was there ever such a happy little woman since the first sun shone? Lola looked from her window an hour or two later. "Why, Mark! I might have spared you and myself a nighfs anxiety about those young people. Look over there. If they haven't been ont boating before break fast! Oh, Mark, I wonder," sighed Lola, stirred for a moment ont of her satis fied, repose, " if yon and! were as young should we be as blissfnlly foolish as they are?" " I don't know that we shonld," replied Mark, prosaically. " But they may think themselves lucky when they are as old as we are if they.are half as happy. 