3tems of Jnterest* Aii electric siting at the World's Fair oAniev twenty-four persons, and ewings a distance of 900 fret. A new paving material " almost as soft as carpet to t lie trend " will be welcomed in thr, unify Ismdoti plreeie. 8ach& one exists co11~i>-! i11of blocks of granulated cork and bitumen oomprestod. The games of dominoes, chess, trictrae, baccarat, and lansquenet, have come from China and are very old, running book two or three thousand years B.C. The value of gold received at the United States Mint last year was (SO,000,000, or | £4,'JOO.OOO lens than in 1891. The purchase) of silver by the same institution was [ R4,l!fi),727oz. Since 1873 no less than 458,109,529oi. have been purchased by the United States Government at a coat of £95,000,000. A man weighs less at noon and midnight than at eunrise or sunset, at the time of new moon'and full moon,owing; to the moon's and sun's attraction then acting' together. In fact he is subject to the came force which muses the tides. In 1875 the City of Richmond's time from Liverpool to New York was 7 days IB houts 45 minutes. Thi" record was beaten recently by nearly two days by the Campania. Pointers were introduced into U>is country from Spain in the middle of the laatcentary. The act of " pointing " en the game being ecented had at first to be carefully taught, but has now become instinctive. A block of zinc seven fnnt long, six feet wide, and four feet thick, and weighing 14,000 pounds, is being eent from Arkansas to the World's Fair. The block is merely a lump broken off a eolid mass of thirteeen and a quarter million pounds. The pulse of a newborn infant beats ISO Or 146 a minute; of a man from 21 to 60, 70 or 76 a minute ; in old age. between 76 and 85. Scorpions are eo numerous in the city of Durango, Mexico, that the municipal autho rities have offered a prize to the person who kills the largest number. In general the city pays 60 cents a hundred for those killed and 80,000 were destroyed last year. The licensed hunters have the tight to enter primate houses and search for them. The variety 'which abounds is the Centrum* vittatut, the commonest scorpion In the States, where it flourishes from Mexioo to North Carolina. Many of the Pittsburg glass companies*T plaoing planta in position to make gas, Lha natural gag supply having given out. The object is to avoid going baok to solid fuel. The Post Office last year delivered 1.767.500,000 letters, 241,800,000 post- carcl* 495,300,000 book packets, 162,800,000 news, papers, and 49,378,365 jwrcols. An ingenious American claims to bave.in vented an engine that will propel a vessel of £.000 tons at 35 miles an boor. The motive power U obtained from- sugar will chlorate of potash. Foxes an numerous in district* around tin Cumberland Uouutatns andao rapacious that the shepherds of Butterinere have been burning lamps in the fieldsat night to eqai« tbem, and even then many lam behave beniv snatched up. All the foxhounds of tlio mountain district* bavebeenoutdolnutheir best to destroy the vermin, and the Buhca« thra pack killed the forty third fox a lew days ago. A wonderful freak of nature in the vege table kingdom may be observed a short dis tance east of Ashburnhnin, Massachusetts. A tree, about the size of a large apple-tree has a limb about 18m. or 20in. in diameter. Persons have dug dowo and founil but on*' root underneath, but it has two binds of foliage, that of a pine and thatof an oak. In the fail of the years burrs fall on one and acorns on the other. In Vienna, Austria, has been opeuod <f! postage-stamp museum, were more tiiaa 100,000 stamps may be teen arranged In three targe rooms. Among the rare epeoi. (neni are the stamps used in the balloon and pigeon despatches of the Franco-German Wartn 1870-71. A bar of iron worth a sovereign, worked into horse-shoes, fs worth £2; made into needles it iB worth £701 made into penknife* blades it is worth £967; made into balance* springs of watches it is worth £60,000. American invention annihilates time. Raw whisky, it is affirmed, can becovertad into whisky twenty yean old _ by a briel process, which coots the liquid to abouk' 70deg. below zero, and passes a current 41 - electricity through the alcoholic eolation. A horse can Iive25 days witlioutso'id food,, merely drinking water; seventeen day without either eating or drinking : and only five days when eating solid food and sot drinking, says an experienced horseman. SeaBsh and shellfish are hatched artific'. ally on an enormous scale in Norway anil North America. The Newfoundland hatchery turning out in one year fifteen millions of ood fry and four hundred millions of young lobsters. The largest lathe in the world has been constructed by Messrs. W. Sellers and Co., for theN^alGunahopat Washington,U.S. A It weighSwO.OOOlbs., and is 183ft. in length Its greatest height is 12ft., its greatest width 10ft. 6iii.,anditsboringcapaeity 18in. The new lathe is capable of turning out guns with a 16in.-boref more than one-third as big again as the guns now in use. One of the most ancient landmarks of England is Farnham Castle, the home of the Bishop of Winchester. It first became a fortress in the trpublous times of Henry de blois, who was brother to King Stephen and Bishop of Winchester. It was taken in 1216 by Louis the ])Auphin, but recaptured and rcstoredtothe*eeinl218. In Homy Ill's reign it was partly destroyed, though soon afterwards rebuilt. Coleiidge was not only a fair naturalist, but even an astronomer. The star in the dark inside of the rim of the crescent uioon, which has so often punsled readers of the " Ancient Mariner,'' is an actwil |iheno> menon. On clear evenings, ii hcn the moon is in her first quarter, a bright star-like spot may sometimes be seen in the shadowed disc, at some distance from the bright crescent. It probably is however, not a star, but the light of the sun reflected from some lofty lunar pc;ik. There are still native* in the Alelsnnsian Islands who remember when a while man wafifitftt *-e-n :md what lie irae tnlccri to he. When Bishop Pullers "I landed 1.1' <a, for instance, he eni-trrd mi empty Ihmi&l;', lh«* owner of which had lately die^. This settledihcqnoifioii .-he was the ghost of the late householder. The visitor, esiiecinlly if he ir ii whaler, is soon discovered by his behaviour no . . be a ghost, but he cnunsti bea liviii<* ni.i , for in thai cu-e he wouldb» black ; he is, therefore, probably a inischie vous spirit, bringing disease and disaster. " I wonder if that is sheet music she is "fSU". " Well, it seems to i*il more Uk« a wet blanket on the company," 