Gossip from Abroad. COMPILED BY NOTOS. Sir Archibald Michie, admitted to the English bar in 1838, is the oldest Vic torian barrister, while Townsend M'Dermott, admitted in 1840, runs him up close for second place. The different ills that Australian Governors are heir to: Brassey, Gerard Smith and Gormanston feel the rheu matic twinge, Buxton has sciatica, Lamington an occasional touch of gout, and Hampden that "tired" feeling. Mr S. M'Caughey, of Coonong Sta tion, near Jerilderie, is said to be the largest sheepowner in the world. He has 3,000,000 acres of land, and last season shore 1,000,000 sheep. He has spent £20,000 on irrigation and water conservation experiments. The hon. Mrs Craude Hay, cleverly dressed as a ghost, carried off the first prize at the Niagara skating carnival. Mrs Langtry was the successful com petitor for the second in a hand-painted gown from Worth's. Herr Wilckens, of Vienna, has found that -two full-blooded English horses transmitted the colour of their coats to their offspring in 586 cases out of 1000\. Where the parents were of dif ferent colours he found the hair of the foals, in most cases, took the colour of that of the mother. The Empress Elizabeth of Austria keeps extraordinarily early hours. When she was at Aix-les-Bains she in sisted on taking her bath at 3.30 in the morning, and theb ath authorities had to keep a double set of attendants in consequence. Several members of our Royal family suffer from nervousness. The Duke of York was a victim when his high position first came to him, but he is gradually recovering. His sister, the Duchess of Fife, however, is not sufficiently often forced into promi nence for a cure to have been effected, and Princess Maud has dubbed her "your Royal Shyness." The annual report of the Countess of Dufferin's Fund (Medical Aid for Indian Women) shows that a million women altogether have been treated in the hospitals established in India for their benefit, and that the value of the build ings administered by the fund is over 2,000,000 rupees. He loved her dearly. He was too bashful to tell her, so he wrote her an anonymous letter and told his love. John G. Mauger, editor of the "Sun beam," Seligman, Mo., who named Grover Cleveland for the Presidency in November, 1882, while he was Mayor of Buffalo, N. Y., is enthusiastic in his praise of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera, and Diarrhoea Remedy. He says: "I have used it for the past five years and consider it the best preparation of the kind in the market. It is as staple as sugar and coffee in this section. It is an article of merit and should be used in every household. For sale by all dealers. HATTON AND LAWS, Gene ral Agents. 