The Broken Panw. (S. Gordon, in the "Jewish Chronicle.") The Judge sat in his study. The day's work had been unusually heavy; sundry loachers, smugglers, horse-thieves, a poli tical offender or two, had come up before his tribunal, and he had done his duty con scientiously. That was why ho now felt so comfortable as he lounged in his granlld father-chair, wrapped in his soft voluminin ous dressing-gown, warming his feet at the bright blaze in the grate. It was only mid autunii, but lie was growing old, anld his blood ran sluggish, as if it were getting tired of the routine. On the table stood the tall reading lamp, urnlling quietly unllder its green shade. But suddellly the straight, steady flare broke into a momellnlltary Iileker, and the heavy damask curtallins at the willndow swayed lightly, as If ullnseell fingers were Ilaying with them. Then the lalmp sputtered mllolre violently, and the dralpery mloved with gently widening curves. The Julldgo looked up; what did this mean? lie fellt a distinct gust of wind Iblowilng into the r'oom inl a volunlo of chill Ilghtl air. Ali, lie kiinew a pane Ill the window had got broken, his little son Itudoll)h had ldriven the bolt of his cress-bow through it. that mollrlning. A smile relaxed the set. lips of the lJudge as ho thought of the little fellow's tears a. tile mischief lie had d(lon-how the boy would not be soothed till Ills father, on his way out to the court house, had lifted Ilim up andil ( Kiss? 111, aii1(1, 101? stronger evidence of his forgiveness, hlad presented hini with ia brand new silver rouble. He had ordered old Sebastian to see that the window was mended during the day, and the stupid rascal haid evidently forgotten. With an angry frown the Judgo reached for the bell rope; but just as iho was aboult to give tongue, his arm. stiffened and stopped nmoti(onless-something seemed holding It back-a sudden thought-a memory. Iis fist clenched asi if lio had caught somlethlilng and would not let go. The pale, silent eyed ghost of the ]past had brusheild by him, and now lihe was clutching it by the skirts. lie was a little bay againl-ten, eleven years old. It was the eve of tile New Year -his father and brothers, lookillg sprue and clean, wero coming froen the house on their way to tile evening service. "Come to prayers, you godless little imp!" he remembered his father saying, "unless you would begin the New Year with broken bones." "I shall boe there as soon as you," the little boy had answered, pretending to be very busy collecting a basket of peat for the kithelion. And then, having watched his father out of sight, he went back to his real business which, out of deference to his father's feelings, he had momentarily in termitted. It cannot be maintained that the business in question was more Impor tant than going to Synagogue, but for Jacob,that is the little boy,it had much more fascination. He was stoning the weather cock. This afternoon lie had been more than usually unsuccessful- the weathercock seemed invulnerable. But Jacob was de termined not to be beaten, and that was why he sought a pretence for not following his father Immediately. At last he grew desperate. from the Synagogue at the back' rose the declaration of the unity, it was getting very dark too-just one more mis sile and he would be done. Carefully he poised his throw, took steady aim, let loose and-crash! Jacob felt a shiver wriggle down his back; what had happened? Yes, there was no doubt of it, he had broken a window-the solitary window of the dingy, sitting- room where the family took their meals on great occasions. A nameless horror took hold of the boy. He dared not faco his father after this. And as the cata logue of his indictments rose before the boy's eyes, he started away with a shriek and ran as if an army of flends with cobbler's strllaps in their hands were pur suing h11im. Th'o squalid Jow-quallrter lay already far behind, and he was still running, his head dazed l an11d 1bwildolred by the labyrinthine streets of thle great city, his chest heaving, is eyes staring wildly. Whither was he runnilng? l 0o know ul -he ecared nilot-only, away from t11h hard 11 it less face of Ills fathrlll alnd1 the \\\hllizzing sting of hlis leather thong. Suiddenlly he felt some oi0e touchl him on tihe shouhlor and lihe flung himself to earth withl a. howl of terror. "Spale me.i fati.er, spallre me- on1ly this olice!," he shriceked. "(lot up, I lilan you no hlarm'," said a stl.rnllo voice, and I hand stroked his head almost, c:aresilgly. Andi whnci he looked il) he saw beforl'O him a 11n 11in a long cassock whlo was gaxiing a. h11 complasslolnately. "You ii'o frighltenled-youi a re hloeinlg s0l10 danger--tell lme a1ll; you a're safe w\ith me," lie sallid lgain. ghtitnte of dreald i atcob ld 1 81 tdi11 what ha.d happened, 1is Ltongue Ilasing now and agitnL] into 111i Llheol.l.o gib ecrislh. "If I go back now," Ite sobbed, "I shall be Ihalf-Itayed au1( tlhrts'ht inlto the cel(i'r o\ver tnightll.--oh!" A greenish lootk cpcli. over his littleh sallvow, face, ald 10 rt1 ie land lotterlted like at drrllllenl mall. "SLtti' ving, aIS I live," Lmuttered(.C the cuist sockmlan, looking aIl. hint closely; mil([ with' 1h1t1. I11 stooped m0 t(Id lifted the boy in 111.'I aritns-ihui hIourdtn was pliiifully light. 'l'hou ie sltrode oI, Iand by Ith tinte Ito wa\\\'s 0yI tLeing att doorway .I ttlb hald so far r"e coverted ts to raise his he111ail . . Se it. hadt all lcguiin-his life in the ptrisl.'s houste, lite uI(lquiring ii' st.t'angg ltnowloledge, the stltugglo b1etween1\\\ he ol bondIllls of Ilt)hodt uan thio (eiicntlltts of his inlw Itonic. Once, andt once onIItly, did iliti ftormerc triumph1" . II. was on ( e 1111. f al' llnniverslary of Ills Ilight, whitn t(.h idle c?rnlot;ity he istill l c(lt concerning th le tile of his p11ipl grew ioi a mlighlty longingt-h. s) lie :itele ouIllt. Into the dark, I.hrenl hd hils w\I y, (as I 1by i1st-.11et, atmonlu g the 11 11 .11) streets until. lie stood biefiore his faltheir'is hos Stealthily Ion cIrept. tilp the la itddier placed it the silt thero they aill t:at. tiioundti the the I tthlIt tableI -fathrllcl, oitictil'l, brothers, slsLter, etting tand tmttktig uierr'y as thoutgh Iicy had no causie for sorrow i li the world. A jealoust ttiger ue1lpt throutgh htis bosom: they did not. miss hint-the gnip had Ibeen filled, tho panio htad bioen tmendedt. Silently lie crept:; liotvn again with his reslolvvo firm in hhl heart. Overhicatld his old enolty, the weathercock, swunIig and creaked-butit it no lonlger sciltedl to csay: "Y(ouI silly little Jew hioy"--t .sailt: "\Vhttllluthl, \Vladtimir, what a line ilname we haltve to ibe su'e!" And hen 110e hastenelld away, wondlerlug why at sudden I'ush of blood should maIk his chleks tingle so hotly through the darkIness. IIeneeforth hle made for the goal to which Ills talentl, and ambilltion were to carry him, and ho succeeded evei Ibeyonld his own hopes. Hl i stepped from post to post, mall ilng one olllco the vaultin g-hoard from which to reach thie next. At. last they mnade him a judge, and there lie stlolpped, for lie was growing aghast at Ills own greatness. After all, lihe could not get rid of his parriah-ln stinet, lie could not entirely forget tihe run away little Jew boy whom hlo kind-hllrt.ed priest hall taken for Ilas son, to whoml ho had given Ills love, Ills wealth, i Ili kllow. leIcge.-and from wiholll lhe had takelln in re tLurn notLhing biillg h b)ellef: oni whose side had been the Ibargain? Ilo asked hIimself the question mllanly a tIlne--ollo day hlo got Ills anlswer. It was broughtL to huim, as lie sat at his tribunal, bIy two men, dr'aggle-tailed, shaggy-haired, reeking withll the squalor of their poverty. (01, lie klew what it was to he Joseph in Egypt-hlo recogncsed theiLi at once: these tw(o lmen weri his bIarotheri's. "VWhy have we sigmuggled'?" they whined. "IBecause our father lay idying and we had ilothing wherewith to allay hii sulfferhings, anid we risked life and liberty to mnake his d eath-bled easier." So lie was dead, the stern', sullell-heartte man, Iall Iohere werec Ills brothers-tlhe Ilvlnlg types of what lie himself would ]have boon but for that Irolkenl Ipan. "Risked life and ibehrty?" No, the law of the land nmust. not hle transgressed. IluL as lihe stood out side thll enance chamnber and listenled to lih swisihing of the lash alid the cries of the cullprits, a feeling came Over hilm Ari if Ihis soul were beii?g bastinladoed by proxy. Tlrue, hl i lmade alollnds to themlll, but without owning to his action, and lie took no credit for II.--h knew it was no better than throw Ilg a Ibone to a dog after one has kicked hiiii. Cortainly heo was now a great Judge, and Judged Cod's creatures according to his wisdom. lIe himself would one day stand before the Judgment seat of that Greator and Greatest Judge-and what would his verdict bo? Sometimes he thought God and he wee were colleagues, two of a trade, as it were, and that, therefore, he was entitled to a dliscount in his sentence. It was an impious thought, a sacrilegious Jest; but then lie had laughed at so many things; one laugh more or less Whew! the wilnd came through the broken pane with an angry gust. HIad it blownl the lampl out? The Judge felt everything get ting so dark and cold. H-e staggered up from his seat, fumbling for the bell-cord he would summon Sebastian to take him to bed--or n1o, lie would rather go and kiss his little ftudolph-what was that? There was a short, sharp, stab going like a rapier through his body; it seemed to him as if a splinter of the pan he had broken thou sands of years ago were being drivenl through his bosom with quick, clean thrusts -surely nothing else could stab like that could stab again and again anld again un til The stars of the night looked at him as he lay there rigid and silent; then they turned to one another anl said reassuringly: "True, we too are but windows-the win dows of the sky; yet let us not fear-no one shall break us: are we not made of ada mant?" 