TUE WHARFAGE QUESTION. PUBLIC MEETING. Â public meeting, convened by Mr. W. Kidston, Senior Member for Rockhampton, in response to a requisition, was held in the Hibernian Hall last evening, "for the pur- pose of calling on thc Mayor to summon a meeting of ratopaycis to consider the wharfage question." There was a large at- tendance. The chair was occupied by Mr. Kidston, and on the platform with him were Messrs. W. G. J. Edgar, R. R. Duwbarn, J. C. Stewart, M.L.A., W. Nelson, J. Lar- combe, und T. Henderson. Mr. Dawbaru, at thc request of the Chair- man, read thc correspondence which had taken place between the Mayor and himself on thc subject of convening a meeting of the ratepayers tu consider the question of the trauBter of the wharves from the Council to thc Harbour Board, und which has already been printed in these columns. The CHAIRMAN said that, from the corre- spondence which had been read, the meeting would, he thought, understand how it was he came to call the mcetiug. He understood there was some difference of opinion as to whether he should have called it or not ; but any one present might have called it just in thc «ame way. He wished it to be under- stood at the beginning, both by the audience aud by the speakers who would follow with a resolution, that the meeting was not held for the purpose of reviewing or criticising the uction of the Mayor in tho matter. What- ever opinions might be held ou that point fiad nothiug to do with the meeting. The purpose of the meeting, us stated in the requisition, was simply to give the ratepayers the oppor- tunity of asserting their right to a voice in determining what should be done on the wharfage question as between the Council and the Harbour Board ; aud although it was rather an unusual thiug for a chairman to do, he would say a word on the matter. He thought he might be excused for so doing under the circumstances. It was supposed he had gone out of his way somewhat to call the meeting ; but he thought that when he had explained what had taken place, it would be seen be had becu pretty largely justified. The question of what should be done with the wharfage revenue as between the Harbour Board and the Council WUB one that was manifestly Buited for settlement by the ratepayers. If th* wharves belonged to anyone at all it was to the ratepayers, and therefore it was the ratepayers who had thc best right to say what should be done with thc revenue that came from them. (Mr. M. Bryson : " Quiteright." Applause.) Jf the people of Rockhampton did not care about having thc river deepened it would bc improper for the Council to load them with any fresh burden of rates tor the purpose of having it deepened ; and if, on the other hand, they were so anxious to see Rockhampton made the deepwater port for the Central Division, that they were willing to stretch a point to accomplish that end, it would be equally improper for the Council, or any member of thc Council, or any other person, to come between them und such a desire. Why be had had anything at all to do with the matter was this : Some mouths ugo it teemed to him that the most important question affecting Rockhampton for the time being was thc question of the deepening of the river, and it also seemed to him that the Council and the Harbour Board had come to a sort of dead- lock over it, that lhere wus very considerable danger history would repeat itself, and between the two purties the interests of the general public would bc sacrificed. (Hear, hear.) He had the strong opinion and the strong belief that when the Harbour Board Act was passed thc Government should have endowed thc Harbour Board to thc extent of, say, £50,000, und this wus why he thought so : When thc works in thc river were stopped some years ago it was on the plea that there was no money iu the Treasury to carry them on, and Sir Thomas M'llwraith passed a special Act of Parliament-the Special Sties of Land Act- for the purpose of raising revenue to carry on such works. Under that Act lhere wus nearly twice as much land sold in thc Central Division as in the Northern und Southern divisions put ? together, and not a farthing of it had been spent in thc division. (A voice : " You are right.") When the carryiug on of the works in the river was put on thc shoulders of u local body he thought it was quite fair-quite legiti- mate-to ask thc Government to endow that local body with some portion of the funds that had been raised from lands in the division. (Applause.) At thc same lime, he saw quite well that so long as Rock- hampton men quarrelled about thc matter among themselves there was not the ghost of a BIIOW of going to thu Government and getting such an endowment. He tried to get the Council and the Harbour Board to come to a common understanding, so that the people of Rockhampton might have gone to the Government ns au united body, with some faint hope of success at least. He spoke to Mr. Curtis on thc matter, and, after some discussion, they tried to get thc members of the Council anil thu members af thc Board to meet in an iuformal way and try to come to a 1 common understanding. Everyone knew as I well as he did that there was a sort of dead , lock between them ; and bc thought that as most of them were Rockhampton men, if they ' made an honeBt attempt to come to a coni ' mon understanding, lhere was a fair chance i of a common understanding resulting, and Rockhampton, Tor onco ¡ti its histor}', hci»| united on thc matter. lie spoke to tin Chairman of thc Hut bout Board (Mr. Hums and tho Mayor (Mr. Littler), and be believe. Loth parties were agreeable. Mr. Hutu thought it was very drairuhle-if thc mein hers could not ugrce they could always go t arbitrât inn, -nd if they could agree sn niue thc belter. Ho believed thc Mayor ulsu wa agreeable. Mr. Curtis and himself went, t seo the Mayor, and when they met thei wore two other ulilcimen present. Who they left they understood (lie meeting wi' going tobe called, nutt I hat it was only th day that bad to bc fixed. Afterwards Hi Mayor told him bc .'.mid not airunee th mailer-thal -.onie liieilihvr.i ,,i thu t'? ?» disapproval ol' lli..- thine; ¡nnl -onie .lid m think il cou.J do any good. In c m.-e . casual conversation, he (thc Clmirinu.n) lean that ihc Mayor bad not seen live members i thc Council, and us there were two other men bera of the Council present when Mr. Out and himself discussed the question wi: 1* ll Mayor, it would bc mnieiXood uli.a tl situation was. There gemini lo he ii di inclination to discuss th« mutter fairly. least it seemed MI tn him. When, alter i lint. I was (old a requisition had been presented i thc Mavor, usking him tn call u meeline; < Hie ratepayers mid hr. had r. fus-d, au.i I (tho Cha I niau) was u'itcd to cull l!ii» meetiii; it would lie understood quite well that seemed to him lhere was tonio indícalo of an iucliimiiuii to burke discussion on il question, and the miller was dimply driflit into a very unsatisfactory comliiion. Tiler fore, he culled this meeting of ratepayers i that ihey mio,hl say what they thought abm it, und it wus for them to say w hether lilt thought that course was justified or not. I; was awura that «hen a «ian .was elected member of Parliament he was supposed nt to have uuy opinions of his own ; but ui fortunately he waB not a very politic pol ticiau, and when he thought a diing u< righi lie would try to carry it out, whether pleased unyone or v. bullier it did no (Applause.) He did nat want lo spca at all that evening - and he hope the other speakers would refrain fro doing so ss milch us possible-on win should be done with thc wharfs; dues. That would bc for another niettio, At the same time he would say thii The people of Rockhampton lind for yea complained of thc bad kind of goverumci they had got from Brisbane, and said over an over again thal if they had thc mauagemei of their own affairs they could do bette They knew what thc Brisbane Govcrnmei did with thc river when it was working ou -it spent from £6000 to £12,000 a-year f< some twelve or thirteen years. Now, caul the Rockhampton people do better than thal It seemed to him that thc formation of tl Harbour Board, gave the people of Rocl hampton the chance of showing tnt they could manage their own offaii better than they had been managed iroi Brisbane, and he. thonght that if they wei wise in thc matter they would BIIOW tba After all, whatever anyone might say, tb was a thing which concerned the ratepayei of Rockhampton. (Mr. BRYSON : " M word.") If they were wise in it, they woul reap the benefit ; if they were foolish, Ihc would have to stand the loss. He boped th result of that meeting would be to hare th matter submitted to the ratepayers for thei judgment. (A voice : " The referendum. Applause.) Mr. HABBOTTLE, who was called open t propose the first motion, said every endeavou had been made to get the Mayor to call public meeting of the ratepayers, and «very one who was approached with the first re qnfsition thought it was most necessary th Îuestion should be discussed io public t was very necessary the river should b deepened, and the sooner it. was done th better. It should be deepened the very less to 16 ft. at low water, so that all the boats especially the home mail boats, could corni direct to the wharves without lightering o any other expense. Rockhampton had no been made simply by the people who hat come to it and settled in the surroundio distriot. lt was simply because it was «i the hoad of navigation. If the river hod beer navigable five or ten miles further up th. town would have been there ; and if the rivei was not deepened and o port wu made neara the mouth, it would not be tong before another city would spring np, to the detri mont of Rockhampton. (Mr. BEVBON : " A little bugbear." Another voice: "Glad stone.") Some people thought that would not happen-(Mr. BRYSON.: "They threatened it thirty years ago.") ; bnt he was certain il would. If a railway were made t< Broadmount it would not be very long before some very large buildings were orected there ; but if thc river were deepened to 16 ft, at low water Rockhampton would bnable'tc snap its fingers at all the railways that might lie built-(A voice : " What about the Port Alma wharf.?")-and it would become o very large city. (A voice : " What about thc £60,000 spent ut Port Alina ?" Another voice : " Melbourne and Sandgate, wberoarc they ?"] He should not discuss the matter further, but simply move That thia meeting ot Rockhampton ratepayers re. .quests Iiis Worship the Mayor to convene a meeting ot rolepayers on the evening of the 12lh ot June, for the purpose of considering the question cf the transfer ol .the wharves to the if arbour Board. Mr. BRYSON : Is that free? Mr. LARCOMBE said he had much pleasure in seconding the motion. The question af the transfer nf the wharves was, perhaps, one of the most important local matters that bad come before the ratepayers of Rock- hampton->(Thc GIIAIRJIAN : " Hear, bear") ; but whatever differences of opinion there might be as to the transfer of the wharves and there -was a good deal of difference-there were two points upon which there should not be any difference. The first of these was that the matter should be submitted to tho ratepayers, and that a public meeting should beheld to enable them to discucs the matter fully before they were called upon to take a plebiscite on it. T he other was thc absolute necessity of deepening the river. The only question, then, whioh divided the ratepayers was as to thc way the money was ta bc raised to do it, and upon that, lie thought, there «vas-as be had already said- a difference of opinion. He held vory strong views; but he recognised that wus not the proper time to state them. When the meeting was keld he might possibly have MB say. He hoped the motion now before the meeting would be carried unanimously. The CHAIRMAN; Before I put (he mes ion to the meeting I have to ask whetker there is any amendment. Mr. JEREMIAH BEJJ, : Ve«. 1 beg to more un amendment. (Cries of " platform.")-Mr. Bell then ascended the platform, and said he was one of those who signed the requisition to tho Mayor. There was no date for a meeting specified in the requisition. The Mayor was simply asked to call a public meeting, and he (Mr. Bell) would move as an amendment that it be loft to thc Mayor to decide when the meeting should be. The Mayor had stated plaiuly that he was waiting j for legal advice, und that he bad not issued nil thc copies he hnd had printed af the pamphlet ho had prepared on tho subject. He 4lhe Mayor) had also promised to issue all the copies of the pamphlet, so that rate- payers could read it, study it for themselves, ¿ind not take his (Mr. Bell's) word, or the word of anyone else they met in tile street ¿or it, anet cometo a conclusion. Therefore the thought «his motion was inopportune, and that it should be left to thc Mnyor to deter- mine when iiio meeting should bc held. (Applause). Thc CUAIRMAK : Is there any seconder for j tho amendment ? Mr. Usu. : I did «ot sak any. Mr. T. H. HIM. said he should like to say two or throe words H'hcn he got Ihu Anjun that evening he saw tlic .announcement of tliat meeting and saw the resolutions' that were lo he submitted to/t, and Ijiuugú; it was hardly the thing io ny lo dictate to ¿lie Mayor as io tho particular night he should cu$ ft'ie meet- ing for. (Applause.) He, therefore, came prepared with an amendment, whii}li lie >vr>;,ild KOW move, The amendment was-'' | Thal tlie wnnï* "on I lie evvmiin of HIP Kill >.f .lum'.' I hr nuii(Hfl, omi tilt- worda "«Í ail vally .late" till»- ! stinikit tlien-for. j fi WHS il»'- prerogative of thc Mayor, when asked incalía meet in*;, to decide upon thc \mi lieii1ur day he bhould call it, and hi! frit, su iv thia if the meeting uLlcmpted to dictate lu him UN to wi iou he WHS to cull the meeting ! tin: Muy<ir would nt ami on his dignity ¡anti decline in do ir. On the other Ininti, if I lu: wive i>--lind to full ii meeting, then lift (Mr. Hill) lek turo he would do it, ul mi early dali. lie did not ihiuk anything had happened Milich should causf thc. mcei-ing to fry to dieK'.e to the Muy r in tin- nutter. Il mieht \w s.dd that thc letter fruin t)n« Mii\v.r i\\.is II f-utliciunl. just idea- tion ; '..nt IR' did nut think co. On thc etniu;'i y, he tiw.n-.lil lîitie WHS almost jvtsltii e-iiiim tor'hu liMt"i-fimn I he Mayor ju lin letter hu was ,epiyii>¿ to. In fuel, it teemed tn him thul the letter fruin Mr. Daw (turn waa not altogether a ïi'lt-r which should h uve luiii written. Í Applause) As far HS he could understand, the requisition wat* pre- sented to tim Mayor t»n Tuesday morning, ¡md the i)neut iou Llic meeting was lo lie culled io consider was an important ono. The pc (jniriitiiMi MHB not a iu<|uiiduon fur an ord i nary meei inp;, hut for a Hireling which was to tirai with a matter lina was un ti rely mniii rip.J, and he maintained thc Mayor would have i xceuded his duty had ho dec ¡dud lo cull it without consuming his folio <v aldermen. If he (Mr. Hit!) had Leun an alderman he should Iiave thought he liad a ii.hi to a nay in it. But Mr. Dawharti wrote to the Mayor some three or four horns after I he requisition was iircnonted. ami that was nothing like BKÜicieiit lime lo enable I he Mayor looommlt thcalder iiu'n. AB lie liad already remarked, thequeation waa of great importance, and he did not think a meeting of ratepayers should be held in a hurry. Indeed, n meeting of euch u descrip- tion should bc ndvcrtieed a fortnight before il was Weld, Rt) t.hut the nilcpayerb could be- come thoroughly versed in thc question und bc prepared how to vote on it. The attempt to call such a meeting at forty-eight hours1 notice was altogether out of the question. To go back tn thc amendment, il was thc Mayor's prerogative to decide on wi ut par- ticular day he would call the meeting, and the meeting should not attempt lo dictate to him in such a manner. A voice : lie can only call the meeting SB you like. Thc CHAIRMAN : Mr. Hell's amendment not being seconded, it falls to the ground. Will anyone second Mr. Hill's amendment * Mr. HKIX: Yes, I will. Thc CHAIRMAN' said it seemed to him that I he movers of thc motion assorting they were desirous of having the matter submitted to the ratepayers, might quite well accept thc ainendmcut so long as thc question was sub- mitted in anythinglikereosonabletime-before the period camewhenarbitration mightbecom pulsory. bo long as that was the -case he did not see that thc amendment would at all interfere with thc purpose of the motion, and lie would suggest that the mover and seconder of the motion accept it (Applause.) Mr. HARBOTTLE agreed to accept the amendment. No particular date was men- tioned in thc requisition presented to the Mayor ; but there was a pencilled note in the corner suggesting one, and, of course, it rested with the Mayor to accept it or not. Mr. LARCOMBE said the view he took of the matter was that if the 12lh of June did not suit the Mayor be would notify the com- mittee to that effect and arrange a date that would suit him. He should, therefore, accept the amendment. The motion, amended to read-"That this meeting of Rockhampton ratepayers requests His Worship to convene a meeting of rate- payers at an early date to consider the question of the transfer of the wharves to the Harbour Board"-was then put and carried without a dissenting vote. The CHAIRMAN : Carried unanimously. A voice : A fair thing, too. Mr. DAWBARN proposed That the Chairman he requested to convey thc previous résolution lo lt ls Worship tbe Mayor. It was not necessary to make any observations on such a formal matter ; but he should take thc opportunity to offer a few words of ex- planation to Mr. Hill. As a matter of fact, Mr. Kdgar and himself met the Mayor on Friday afternoon about half-past four 'or five o'-cloek, and tendered the requisition to him then. That was the Friday before lust Tues- day-a week ago that day. The Mayor said he would receive it the next morning. When Mr. Edgar und himself went to the Council Chambers on the following morning-Satur- day-they were informed by tho Town Clerk he was not expected there that day, and ho (Mr. Dawbarn) believed the Mayor did not go therethatday. (Laughter.) Hc(Mr.Dawbarn) was present with Mr. Edgar and Mr. Har bottle at the Council Chambers on Tuesday morning, when the requisition was presented, and a meeting of thc Council was being held. If these facts had been known to Mr. Hill, he would not have condemned his (Mr. Oawbarn's) letter to thc Mayor. Mr. EDGAR seconded the motion, which was carried without dissent. This was all the business. 