PASTORAL LETTER OF THE ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF AUS TRALIA ASSEMBLED IN SECOND PLENARY COUNCIL. To the Olergy and Laity of their Charge. Venerable and Beloved Brethren of the Clergy, Beloved Children op the La iiT, — In hiking note of the progress which religion lias made within the ten years that have elapsed since the first. Plenary Council of Aus tralasia was held, we have felt our hearts over flow with thankfulness to the .'Father of mercies and the G-od of all consolation for the abun dant blessings He has bestowed upon us in these latter years. We touch the pulse of Australian Catholicism, and we recognise a fulness, a vigour of life, that reminds us of the best days in Catholic history. It is blessed pre-eminently with that gift from above, which our Divine Redeemer singled out in His prayer to His Heavenly Father on behalf of His Church, and which He intended as the distinc tive characteristic of His disciples before the world, and the simple, direct proof of His own divine mission— the gift of unity. We can truly say of the Catholics of Australia that Our Divine Lord has ' kept them in one,' for there never was truer accord between pastors and people than that which exists between people and priests, between diocese and diocese, between province and province throughout these colonies ; nor is there in Christendom a National Church more loyal in its devotion and obedience lo the Mother and Mistress of all Churches, the Holy Catholic Apostolic Church of Blessed Peter. Hence the joy with which, in conformity with Catholic usage, at the open ing of our Synodal deliberations, we all re newed our solemn. profession of the Faith as held and taught by St. Peter's successor j for in so doing we satisfied the inmost yearnings of our hearts, and felt that you all, though absent in body, were with us in mind and spirit, and that your profession of the same Apostolic doctrines would be as prompt and as unre served as our own. You are, indeed, daily making that profession of your Faith ; for what can be more admirable, more convincing, than the labours, fatigues and sacrifices which you — both pastors and people — brave so cheer fully in order to extend its influence and safe guard it against dangers ? The Church Lives by Divine Faith.. Human life does, it is true, in its manifold complexity, supply motives for noble and dis interested action, and we are often nowadays privileged to witness examples of its philan thropy. 'We rejoice in common with the pre sent illustrious Head of the Catholic World at every stride which humane and benevolent co operation has made in these latter times, to mitigaio the hardships and assuage the suffer ings of our fellow-men. We extend cordially the right hand of fellowship to all, of what ever profession, who aim at improving the lot of those who seem unable to make headway un aided. But even in these benevolent endeavours, we Catholics must kindle our zeal from a higher source than mere philanthropy. In every human being we recognise a brother, because we have faith in his Father and ours. The poorest human soul, seared as it may bo by crime and stained by sin, retains in our eyes, in the eyes of the Church, enough of God's handiwork, whereon to edify ' unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the ago of the ful ness of Christ.' The Catholic Church is not content to staunch the wounds and dross the sores of humanity ; like so many of her own Saints she bends down and reverently, lovingly kisses them, for the love of Him who said : ' Amen, I say to you, as long as you did it to one of these 'my least brethren, you did it to me.' This is the secret of the Church's un wearied activity, that in every human being she beholds some lineaments of the blessed coun tenance of Christ. Faith- inspired Zeal op the Cnunok. It is this consuming desire to bring our Divine Lord into the hearts and. homes of men which stimulates the priest and sustains him in the midst of his anxieties \ which sheds. over the lives of those who have given up domestic comforts in order to serve God with an un divided heart, a joy that surpassoth all under standing; which nerves Catholics as a body to confront privations and sacrifices in behalf of that which they put above all price, the Faith once delivered to the Saints. The Catholic population of Australasia is something more than eight hundred thousand. Without aid of any sort from the public funds to which they contribute, they support about nine hundred priests secular and regular ; thoy maintain nearly four hundred teaching brothers, over three thousand sisters; thoy have twenty- two colleges for boys and. young men, one hundred and fourteen boarding schools for girls, one hundred and forty- six superior schools for ex terns, about eight hundred primary schools, sixty-two charitable institutions, and nearly one hundred thousand children attending Catholic schools. These facts speak eloquently for the earnei tness of Catholic Faith. For it is this living, energising principle which has called those institutions into existence, and maintains thorn in. their manifold variety. It is this spirit of faith which imparts to Catholic Councils their unique character; for when the pastors of the. Catholic Church assemble to devise remedies for existing needs, they are fortified by the consciousness that they know their own minds and the minds of their people; they feel certain that their enactments will not remain a dead letter, and that the words they publish will not fall to the ground. Friendly Disposition op tiiio People of Australia towards the Catholic Church. Observant visitors to these colonies have been struck by the consideration which the Catholic Church everywhere enjoys, and by the rapid disappearance of those dark prejudices against Catholic doctrines and institutions which immigrants from the old lands took with them almost unawares. They were hardly to blame. In their minds the Catholic Church was a hateful monster — such, indeed, as never existed, and could not have long existed, amongst men. It was a fiction handed down from evil days, It was the qfBdjn'in.g of, ignor ance and credulity, and nothing could have availed to kill it but actual knowledge. That knowledge came when men found themselves on these virgin lands united together in a com mon struggle with the forces of nature, and inspired by a common ambition to raise up a new nation. The spirit of citizenship is incom patible with social ostracism ; the honest heart of the hardy pioneer goes out readily to big fellow-worker irrespective of differences in religious belief. The sentiment of fair play, the principle of equal rights, lias triumphed, over prejudice ; and although it may take long to clear away all misconceptions, yet we are convinced that the people of Australia will never wittingly approve of persecution, and that year by year they will take a more favourable view of the Church's aims. A. free, energetic, and pro gressive people, they will not fail to appreciate those personal and social virtues which befit freemen and safeguard progress ; and, as they realise the action of the Church upon the individual conscience and upon public senti ment, they will, we are sure, welcome so salutary an influence. The Catholic Ciiimcir Couhts Examination op Hint Works. The Catholic Church has never shrunk from inviting inquiry into her works. Conscious of being the Witness and Teacher appointed unto mankind by Him who appealed to His works in proof of His divine mission, she confidently invites all men to judge her by her works, to test her by her fruits. Her creden tials are indeod manifold. They cover her past history since the dawn of prophecy. They meet and satisfy the mind on every plane of investigation ; but by a marvellous dispensa tion of divine wisdom they are virtually summarised so as to be brought home to the capacities of all in every single age by the simple spectacle of the Church in her daily life. Who can fail to see that she is ahout her Father's business P Who can deny that she goes about; doing good ? Who can listen to her and not confess that she teaches, not like the scribes and doctors, but with authority? Her hierarchy, inspired with confidence in Christ's perennial presence, knows no distinc tion of rank or caste ; and yet, who toil more arduously ior the presGiitr Who plant more assiduously for future generations ? Her levites and handmaids are filled with the same universal sympathies, the same unealeulating generosity. She influences babes and suck lings; the Catholic child at its school tasks shows a tone of thought, a moral temper that cannot be mistaken. She at once speaks from the housetops to the great concourse of men, and yet roaches the most secret recosses of the individual mind. She touches the con science at its quickest. She leavens the whole soul with a transmuting virtue. Everyone feels the distinctive character of Catholic con science, and everyone who understands must admit that it makes for modesty, purity, honesty. The Church does not make light of the Stoic virtues j she extracts from them the sting of the serpent, the venom of pride and selfishness. The heroes she has crowned were without fear and without reproach. Because her conversation is in heaven, it is her delight to be amongst the children of men ; and she pays the penalty of: the disinterested in being so much misunderstood. They who have no relish for things heavenly are out of patience with her because she will not confine her activity to the benevolences of earth j while the. ^elf-righteous would keep her within the rails of the sanctuary, suffering a sin-laden world to proceed along the path it has chosen. The Catholic Church confesses herself a debtor to all men. She will not take up her parable with those who elect to preach the glorification of any race in particular ; she will not be con tent to interest cultured circles in questions of the soul j uor will she depend upon odd pro ceedings in order to attract attention for a season ; she has other means of leading men to Christ. ' Let a man so account of us,' says the Apostle, ' as of the ministers of Christ, and the dispensers of the mysteries of G-od.' She is filled with solicitude to be faithful to her ministry, for her strength lies therein. She will not cease to preach truth and justice and mercy ; to vindicate the rights and dignity of man ; to stand, as she has always stood, between the oppressed and the oppressor; but she cannot court applause at the expense of the G-ospel. Her precepts will always be sane and her counsels feasible She cannot undertake to preach anew G-ospel. She has no call to tickle the itching ears of those who are weary of the Apostolic mes sage. She has, however, an unbounded confidence in the efficiency of that message for the healing of the nations. It is one of the hopeful signs of this closing century that the words which the Head of the Church, the Ticar of Christ, has addressed to Christendom have been received with growing respect by those who are not of the fold, and have re peatedly been welcomed with joyous acclaim alike by the rulers and peoples of the earth. Catholics Obliged to Edify by Their Example. Now the goodwill manifested by non- Catho- lics towards the doctrines and institutions of the Church impose upon us, pastors and people, a corresponding duty. It is no small thing to be accountable in any measure for a brother's ignorance of saving truth ; wo dare not in the last day plead that we were not our brother's keeper. When the Church's own words fully reach the heart, they come fraught with convic tion. Through them the Holy G-host articu lates his message to the soul. But the simplest and most natural way for men to come face to face with the Church is through the conversa tion and life of their Catholic acquaintances. The example of the flock to the world is the test by which the world will appraise the work of the pastor, and of the Church he represents. It is a terrible thing to cause the Word of G-od to be blasphemed. Kemember the woe de nounced by our Divine Lord against those who shall have given scandal. Let Catholics not forget that they owe religious obligations to their non-Catholic neighbours as well as offices or charity towards their Latholic brethren. In excusing the transgressions of a weak brother you may err through excessive indulgence ; in condoning the fault of one you may scandalise many. Bo tender and merciful as becomes the disciples of Him who prayed for his execu tioners, and who commands us to pardon a brother's offence, not seven times merely, but seventy times seven. But be just. Mete out condemnation impartially, and remember that no man can serve God or His Church so long as he is untrue to his obligations towards his follow men, without distinction of religion. Let your judgments be biassed by no party interests ; but while eschewing hateful inquisi torial practices, strive in all things to uphold justice, integrity and decorum. Be not intimi dated by caprice, though for a season it should wear the commanding aspect of public opinion. The fundamental truths by which your minds are enlightened should always shine luminously over your ways. Have courage. Hide not this heavenly light from the eyes of your follow eo un try in en. Hold it up to them, that they too may loarn to admire it and to love it, find that they may be led by it unto the Holy Mountain and into the Tabernacles of the Lord. Hindrances to Catholic Progress. Wo have spoken hopefully of the prospect that opens to the Church in these colonies, founding our confidence upon the innate vigour of the Church itself: and upon the generous character of the Australian people. But we must uo|; close pur eves to the many grave obstacles that beset Catholic progress. If the public mind shows itself open to fair statement, it is constitutionally, and all but unconsciously, prepossessed against all truths which claim obedience on the ground of supernatural revelation. The spirit of this age is opposed to the supernatural order, and out side the Catholic Church the spirit of the age is in the ascendant. The revolt of the past four centuries has proceeded logically in the direction of its initial movement. The fathers rebelled against God's Church ; the children are now repudiating God Himself. The senti ment of reverence, once the basis of order, is now derided as a weakness, and truths the most sacred are travestied without eliciting a rebuke. The organs through which the public mind expresses itself are unmistakably secularist. The press of these colonies is almost wholly secularist ; and while we thank fully acknowledge its candour in dealing with Catholic subjects, we cannot forbear in sisting that its tone is alien, and that it neces sarily militates against the diffusion of Catholic thought and the formation of Catholic opinion. Outside the pale of the Church the Australian people have declared themselves so far on the side of secularism. They favour secularism in the press ; they have established secularism in the school ; they connive at secularism in all the departments of national economy. No religious authority besides the Catholic Church has made any serious attempt to dispute the ascendency of secularism. Akin to secularism is the inordinate desire of wealth. Secularism would have men live upon bread alone, scorning the Word of God as folly. By an inevitable law the greed of earth grows insatiate, for the whole world can not satisfy a hungry soul. This all-devouring gold hunger paralyses the divine life which was infused into the soul through the Sacrament of Baptism ; it stints the noble faculties of heart and mind, whose orderly development under the light and warmth of G-od's grace consti tutes the particular object of Catholic discip line, and affords the surest guarantee of domestic peace and national stability. The Church loves the poor for their sufferings, but does not wish their poverty. She has been to infant peoples the nurse of discipline, the in spirer of the useful arts ; she sanctified labour by placing all its branches under heavenly fcutilage ; she encouraged thrift and coopera tion, and rejoiced, m the comiortarid independ ence of the people. But she loves Lazarus rather than the rich man ' who was clothed in purple and fine linen, and feasted sumptuously every day.' She is not ashamed to be stigma tised as the Church of the poor ; for she re members how hard it is. for those who are rich to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven. Happi ness, peace, and contentment are not the por tion of the rich. The Church's ideal for her people is that described by the Apostle : — ' Grodliness with contentment is great gain. For we brought nothing into this world ; and certainly we can carry nothing out. But having food and wherewith to be covered, with these we are content. Por they that will become rich fall into temptations and into the snare of the devil, and into many unprofitable and hurtful desires, which drown men into des truction and perdition. For the desire of money is the root of all evils ; which somo coveting have erred from the faith, and have entangled themselves iu many sorrows' (i. Tim. vi., G-10). There is a third symptom of our national life which fills us with concern ; we mean the comparative weakness of domestic ties. The immigrants to these new lands had beautiful traditions of home-life, its authority, its rever ence, and its manifold sanctities. These gentle influences are, we fear, on the wane in Austra lia. Children are apt as they grow up to neglect their parents ; brothers and sisters going forth into the world soon lose sight ol one another, The result is that parents have to bear the chagrin of being forsaken in their old age by the children whom they toiled so hard to rear and educate ; while these in tnrn suffer much by the loss of those intimate family relations, which in creating a certain solidarity of name and character, have, in other lands, often restrained passion and nerved the despondent. St. Paul's forewarning recurs to our minds while we are treating of this sub ject : 'Know also this, that in the last days shall come dangerous times, Men shall be lovers of themselves, covetous, haughty, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, ungrate ful, wicked, without affection, without peace, slanderous, incontinent, unmerciful, without kindness, traitors, stubborn, puffed up, and lovers of pleasures more than of Grod : having an appearance indeed of godliness, but deny ing the power thereof. . . . Ever learning, and never attaining to the knowledge of the truth.' (n. Tim. iii., 1-7). It can hardly be gainsaid that much of this gloomy picture of moral degeneration and religious decadence has its counterpart in contemporary manners. Pride and haughtiness, covetousness and love of the world, disobedience to parents and want of affection, are but too char acteristic of our times. These baneful influences permeate the moral atmosphere in which we live. They are the chief obstacles to the expansion of Catholic faith, and they are the fountain sources of those dangers against which we have to warn our people in season and out of season — the dangers of mixed marriages and irreligious education. Of these dangers we shall treat more in detail. At present we must consider the antidotes which the Church employs against the baneful influences of which we have been speaking. The Remedies. To you, Venerable Brethren of the Clergy, who are our fellow- labourers in the Lord's vineyard, called thereto by our Divine Master, to you we naturally turn first of all, in order to confer with you on these dangers that confront us. Our wrestling is Hot with flesh and blood, but with the spirits of wickedness in high places ; and our arms must be of other temper than what may be wrought by human cunning. We must put on Jet-us Christ. Every priest must study to be another Christ unto his flock, for the example of the priest will most of all determine the character of the people. Not in a day, nor in a week, nor in a year. He will have need of the longanimity of Christ. He may, and will be, disappointed and dis tressed. Many a time the obdurate will turn a deaf ear to his exhortations. The libertine will often seek to impute selfish motives to his zeal in order to mask his own corrupt courses, But, after all, when he feels, perhaps, that his efforts are vain, and would almost sink down exhausted for weariness of spirit, saying with the Prophet, ' It is enough for me, Lord ; take away my spirit,' then at length the hand of the Lord will show itself; words which till then fell upon deaf ears will come home with an irresistible force, and hard hearts will melt into repentance. We can do all things in Him who strengtheneth us. 'We do not understand His secret counsels, nor do we know the times and moments which He hath put in His own power to take possession of hearts ; but this we do know — that whenever we pray in His name we are sure to receive of the good Spirit, and that the labours we endure for His people come home to them in due time. The priest must be a man of prayer and a man of work. On the wings of prayer he must rise to com munion with Q-od, and derive inspiration there from for his every undertaking. By habitual prayer the priest saves his mind from worldli ness, and preserves the savour of divine conversation. To this he is called : ' You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt lose its savour, wherewith shall it be salted ? It is good for nothing any more, but to be cast out and trodden on by men.' (Matth. v., 13.) The distinctive virtues of the priest are either loved or hated, for they emanate from com munion with Heaven. But how can the priest be assiduous and fervent in prayer unless he is a frequent visitor before the tabernacle? AVhen Jesus deigned to take Peter and James and John into His company in the hours of His agony, did He take it lightly that they failed to watch with Him ? In those gentle words of upbraiding, ' Could you not watch one hour with Me ?' do we not catch the sad foreboding of the flight and the denial which soon followed ? Here in the obscurity and lowliness of the Sacramental Presence, Jesus calls us, His priests, away into the shades of the sanctuary, away from the revels and tumults of the world, away from the mad onrush of sin and blasphemy, that lay upon His spirit in Q-ethsemani, aside with Him to be witnesses of His divine condescension, and to say to Him, ' Lord, thou art faint and pallid, and we know the reason ; Thou hast come to win hearts, and they have turned away from Thee and blasphemed Thee ; but behold, O Lord, we would give The© ours !' It would be well if the priests of Australia joined their brethren of other countries in associations — such, for instance, as that of ' The Eucharistic League ' or ' The Priests' Adorers,' having for particular object to adore and honour our Divine Lord in the Holy Eucharist. We know that Satan is active, inciting men to heap blasphemy and outrage on our Blessed Lord in the Holy Sacrament. It is stated on good authority that in the city of Paris alone several altars are erected for the worship of Satan ; and at the orgies indulged in by his abandoned votaries, it often happens that the most Holy Sacrament is exposed to unutterable mockeries. The patience of Jesus is incomprehensible to our narrow minds ; but it is ever victorious in the long result : His voluntary surrender of Himself into the hands of His enemies turns to their final dis comfiture. So it has been once more. These horrible sacrileges have aroused the zeal of the French priesthood ; and the association which they instituted to make reparation for these out rages has already extended far beyond the limits of France. The Eucharistic Congresses owe their origin to the same pious desire They have now assumed vast proportions, and count for much in the revival of faith and devotion, in the ever intensifying union of Catholics throughout the world, and their extraordinary devotion to the centre of Catholic authority, which happily mark the present time. Australia is as yet too sparsely peopled and too remote from other countries to attempt the work of the Congresses ; but it is not too much to expect that the priests should join their brethren of the ministry in other countries, and observe the simple duties prescribed for members of 'The League.' You wish the faithful to pay frequent visits to our Divine Lord, and doubtless you set them the example. Join your homage with that of thousands of brother priests all the world over, so that your voice may swell the hymn of praise and thanksgiving which ought to go up to our Emmanuel, our Hidden Q-od, for His loving self-abasement. When the priest resides near the church, the Blessed Sacrament should be continually present in the tabernacle, with the lamp burn ing before it. The faithful will thus have the opportunity of coming before our Divine Lord in the course of the day, and the adoration of loving hearts will go up perpetually, receiving in reward countless graces for themselves and the whole parish. We are glad to know that you, Reverend Brethren, are zealous in extend ing devotion to our Blessed Lord in the Sacra ment of His Love. The Forty Hours' Adoration is now established throughout Australia. Confraternities of the Holy Family or of the Sacred Heart are flourishing in many parishes, and are being daily multiplied. .Redouble your efforts, if possible, to extend and deepen this most salutary spirit of devo tion amongst our people. Bring our Saviour home to their minds and hearts. He alone can and will save them from the worldly spirit of the day. Disinterestedness of the Olkhox We know well, Venerable Brethren, your labours and your disinterestedness, and we therefore desire to premise the observation which we are about to make, regarding the necessity of removing all suspicion of avarice from the priestly office, with a testimony to the self-denying character of the Australian priesthood, taking them all in all. Some few pioneer priests availed of the exceptional opportunities which the circumstauces of the times placed within reach in order to save up money for religious and charitable purposes. The manner in which they have devoted the money thus honourably acquired is the best vindication of! their original intention. They regarded those means as sent providentially in their way, and hane handed them over as faith ful stewards to their Master. And the peculiar difficulties attending the ordinary administra tion of the Church under the voluntary system, admirable in spirit as that system is, but too plainly suggest the want of some fixed source of revenue, not, indeed, to supplant the usual method of support, but to supplement it for urgent needs which it is hardly adapted to meet. As long as the pries?: :3 in health the con gregation will amply supply his wants. But we must remember that the Australian missions, and especially the rural missions, impose a strain on the priest's constitution which is simply beyond human endurance for long years together. The Sundays' journeys, now in fierce heat, again in wet weather, over many miles, while the priest is, of course, observing the strictest fast till one — perhaps two — o'clock in the afternoon ; and in the meantime all the labours of that day's ministry, with the anxieties inseparable from the fitting discharge of an ofllce so sublime and so responsible; all this following Sunday after Sunday for years, not to speak of other severe labours, renders it important that some pro vision should be made to enable each priest to take temporary repose at certain intervals, without, however, interfering with the regular parochial administration. But it is even more important that when the priest is stricken down by illness or failing strength he should have some definite provision await/ing him. Until this is adequately secured, the priest must, in duty and common sense, take mea sures for himself, at the risk of being con sidered worldly wise. And if from time to time a few have outstripped the bounds of priescly unselfishness, wo are compelled to state that far more often have the priests of Australia bestowed too little thought on their own future Avants. While health and strength lasted they have given freely to the poor, to the church building, to the school, to every object which commended itself on religious grounds or on motives of public spirit, and have left themselves poorly secured against the evil day. We, therefore, feel bound, in justice to yourselves, Reverend Brethren, and for the sake of removing all excuse for money-making, we feel bound to exhort the ordinaries and clergy of each diocese to take practical measures as soon as possible for establishing a Sustentation Fund for invalided priests ; and where such fund is already in existence, to bring it up to the requirements of the diocese. For this end, it will be well to advise the faith ful that it is a very deserving object of bene volence, and that contributions made thereto have the double merit of: rewarding those who have been disabled on the battlefield in their service, and of nerving the strong to go for ward with their daily duties, without fear or anxiety for the coming years. The PAitisir Register. The shepherd must know his flock. Every pastor is bound to ascertain who amongst his people are attentive to their religious duties, and who are remiss. The needs of the young and of the old, of those who are unprepared for the reception of the Sacraments of the Blessed Eucharist and Confirmation and call for his attention, and of those who by reason of distance from the church, or ill-health, or old age, are unable to comply with the obliga tion of receiving Paschal Communion, in a word the particular circumstances of each household and each member of the family ought to be well known to him. But it is not sufficient to stop here ; he is bound to record these matters in the parish register. For other wise he himself might easily lose sight of cases in course of time. If he is removed from the mission his successor must lose much time in ascertaining the wants of the faithful unless he has the register to consult. The,sarne may be said of the assistant priest who comes to aid the pastor ; much of his time will be occupied for the first month in making out for hirnself what he could learn by a glance at a well-kept register. These registers ought to be carefully made out by every pastor, and ought to be forthcoming for the Bishop's in spection at visitation. Let the priest remember that he represents the Church in his office, that that office extends to every individual soul in the mission, and that he is bound to present an accurate account of his stewardship to the Bishop. Monetary Accounts. The pastor should attend carefully to the decrees and instructions of the first Plenary Council of Australasia regarding church ac counts. Too much care cannot be bestowed on this important subject. It has happened sometimes that the priest, after much worry and labour in raising moneys for parochial purposes, and after very considerable outlay from his own revenues, was accused more or less openly by suspicious grumblers of having dealt unfairly by the funds. Now, this is a peculiarly cruel trial for a priest, and hence the need of accurate accounts. These accounts should be kept in the parish archives, and if the Bishop thought well to have duplicates in the diocesan archives he ought to be furnished therewith. The attention to details, however trifling, is not unimportant so long as it serves to save our ministry from blame. Punctuality in the Discharge oe Prescribed Duties. The faithful have a right to be informed of the precise time fixed for MaBS, Confessions, Baptism. In centres of population, where the congregation is numerous, the hours fixed, especially for Confessions and Baptisms, should be indicated upon a notice-card in some con venient place in or near the church. When the priest has to attend a mission of three or more stations, the Sundays and hours for Mass at each station or church should be posted up at the church for a considerable time in ad vance. The priest should keep to the days and hours thus notified. The custom, which has prevailed in some parts, of notifying Mass to out-stations by letter or telegram a few days beforehand, should be discontinued. It loads to disappointments and uncertainties, and results in irregularity and tepidity. '.Religious Instruction. Neither bishops nor priests are appointed to minister at tables, but to preach the word, to administer the sacraments, and to attend to prayer. We must, indeed, do all we may to help the poor and succour the needy, but after all our chief business is to instruct unto salva tion. You will boar in mind, therefore, the sound advice of Holy Church to all pastors, an advice which has been repeatedly inculcated by council after council, and notably by the Holy Council of Trent, and emphasised lately in the instructions on preaching issued by the present Sovereign Pontiff to the Clergy of Italy. The Holy Scriptures, as interpreted by the fathers, councils, and doctors of the Church, should supply the staple of the Sunday's sermon The Church's doctrine should be presented in simple, correct terms, and all artificial graces unbefitting the severe dignity of the G-ospel sedulously avoided. The truths of the Gospel are so harmonious, so luminous, so healing of themselves, that no effort of human eloquence approaches the effect which they are calculated to produce on hearers of goodwill. The priest's discourse from the pulpit should be expressed as far as possible in the inspired words of Holy Writ. They possess a certain amount of sacramental virtue. Preaching should for the most part consist of instructions and exhortations. In our time and country instruction is urgently needful. Let us not take for granted that all members of the congregation have a well-defined con ception of even, the principal mysteries of our holy faith. They have the divine spirit of faith, the instinct, if we may so call it, of Catho lic faith. They would one and all detect the cloven foot of the false teacher at once were such a one to appear in the pulpit. But it is of the first importance that they should be further equipped with explicit and perfect knowledge. It is not sufficient for the times that Catholics should be able to at once feel what is true from what is false ; they need to be able to express, according to their general attainments, the precise teaching of Holy Church, and the grounds upon which it rests. And this is quite feasible in our days of general education. All Catholics read through out these colonies. They have been taught their catechism in childhood. If this is made the basis of clear simple instructions at certain intervals during the year, they will soon know how to give an account of the hope that is in them. The School. But without the Catholic school we may say the priest is striving in vain to rear a Christian genoration. The conditions of his toil recall the disadvantages undor which the Jews on their return from captivity laboured to restore the Holy City. ' Of them that built on the wall, and that carried burdens, and that laded ; with one of his hands he did the work, and with the other he held a sword ' ((2 Esdras iv., 17). Education, and especially religious edu cation, has need to be carried on without dis turbance of conviction. The mind cannot develop its faculties without that first requisite of discipline — teachableness ; and the young mind is in particular in danger of arriving at no results if it is tossed about by every wind of doctrine. Hence we hold the Catholic school to be so essential to the Catholic faith in these colonies, where hardly two neighbours agree in religion, that we repeat what was laid down by tho first Plenary Council of Australasia, vi/j. : — If the pastor and his congregation find them selves for a time unable to build both church and school, they ought by all means to begin with the school. Thinly-peopled missionary districts cannot have Catholic schools within reach of the children. In these cases it will be incumbent on the clergy to arrange with parents and others who are competent to im part religious instruction, to gather the chil dren together on Sundays and at other con venient times, and set them their tasks and explain the Catechism to them. Of course, the priest should in every case make frequent visits to those Christian Doctrine classes. At the best, the results can hardly be satisfactory, but it is his duty to do all that lies in his power for such children. As neither they nor their parents can be held accountable for their absence from the Catholic schools, we may well hope that Grod in His mercy will give both parents and children special graces to make up for the disadvantages under which they labour. We frequently find in the course of our visita tions to such remote settlements wonderful evidences of what lively faith can do in the midst of trials and difficulties. We have found most consoling and encouraging proofs again and again amidst such snrroundings as these of the indestructible life which pervades Catholic ism in Australia. Societies and G-uilds. Both the Church and the world recognise the power of association for common ends. Indi vidual effort is certain to be of small avail in dealing with multitudes. We must bring the weight of'' numbers into line with our projects. Fellowship has a stimulating power of its own ; it needs only to be directed by a common idea. If the heroic achievements of the Church are due largely to individuals, the permanence of this work has been secured by co-operative ac tion. Our great saints have broken new ground and founded new institutions to carry on the work of Grod ; but even they recognise that in the ordinary dispensations of Provir dence such work has to be carried on from day to day by the combined efforts of men who are not called to live the heroic. No power has ever been so fruitful of association as the Church. When the Church had the fullest influence upon European society she multiplied associations and guilds for every legitimate purpose ; the trades and arts of civil life, the care of the sick and the poor, education — in a word, every department of activity was sup plied with organised agencies for its more effectual accomplishment 5 and while the Church fostered and sanctified those guilds she did not trench on their internal management ; she left them autonomous, only requiring that they should be Christian and Catholic. Nor has the Church ceased, even under less favour able conditions, to encourage associations amongst the faithful, having for their object the promotion of piety, and their social and temporal welfare. The present Sovereign Pontiff: has, as you know, strongly urged upon the bishops and priests of the Catholic world the advisability of ex tended co-operation amongst Catholic workers, in order to protect their rights against unscrupulous employers and usurers on the one hand, and to safeguard their faith and Christian morals from the risks to which they are exposed in the fellowship of men who are hostile to the Catholic religion. Let us, therefore, exhort you to nurse in every parish the various associations which suit the con ditions of your people, and which come with the sanction of ecclesiastical authority and the recommendation of the good results which have sprung from them wherever they have been wisely fostered. The Children op Maet. There is hardly a town of any importance throughout the colonies but has attached to the parish church a branch of that excellent association, the Children of Mary. It would be hard to over-estimate the good which the spirit of this association is daily effecting throughout Australia; silently, modestly draw ing the hearts and minds of Catholic maidens to love with a personal love the virtues of the Virgin Mother. Such silent influences are they that transform the world, leavening the home and its intense relations with the holiest and purest virtues. We rejoice to know that neither pastors nor people need any words of exhortation from us to foster this admirable society. -Association op the Holy Family. In His great desire to remedy the evils of the times we live in, Our Holy Father has aimed at the rehabilitation of the ideal Chris tian family life, such as it universally was before the spread of the corrupting influences of modern errors. To this end, by a brief of November 20, 1890, and by subsequent enact ments, Leo the Thirteenth confirmed and approved a pious association, the object of which is ' that Christian families may conse crate themselves to the Holy Family of Nazareth, placing it before them for veneration and imitation, offering up in its honour every day prayers before its image, and practising in their lives the sublime virtues which the Holy Family offered for imitation to every grade of society, especially to the working class.' This association — the establishment of which in every diocese has long been the earnest wish of the Pope — we henrtily commend to our faithful flocks in Australia ; and we have no doubt that in every parish, where the know ledge and love of the Family of Nazareth are brought into the homes of the people, the pastor will soon find the lives of his parishioners more regular ; and he will rejoice to see, instead of quarrelling, hatred, impatient discontent, and impurity, those beautiful flowers of con cord, charity, patience, and chastity which bloom best in the garden that is protected by the safeguards the family sentiment provides, and are made fertile by the graces of which a good Christian family is the channel. The Conpbate unity op the Saored Heart. 'Wherever it may be feasible, we would recommend the establishment of a branch of the Confraternity of the Sacred Heart. The devotions in common take place once a month ; the priest can easily attend, and the people will not object to the inconvenience of the Thurs day evening's confession and attendance at Mass on the morning of the first Friday in the month. This confraternity is happily so well known to our clergy and people, and its fruits are so manifest, that we need not use many words in recommending it. Our Divine Lord is faithful to His promise. Wherever this devotion is observed by priests and people, the labours of the priest are richly rewarded, and the laity enjoy the blessings of holiness and domestic peace. Temperance Societies. It wrings our hearts to think of the miseries, spiritual and temporal, which come upon indi viduals and on entire households from the one sin of drunkenness. The baneful influence confronts us daily, and in every station of life. If the schoolboy, who was his parents' idol, and the hope and joy of the prieBt who watched over his developing capabilities, grows morose and sour, is disobedient to his parents, keeps late hours, and as a matter of course ceases to approach the Sacraments, and almost gives up the Sunday's Mass, we know whither he gravi tates as by a natural necessity ; his new home is the grog- shop, his ambition quenched in the tap-room. Nor is this the worst. His errors are not for a season. Of other transgressions we may hope for amendment ; but the poison of the glass creates its supremacy, and in spite of efforts again and again to shake it off, the drunkard but too often gives up in despair of reform. He feels the grip upon him is too strong. The tippling young man becomes the drunken husband, the drunken father. In his sober hours he may be faithful and affectionate to his wife and children, but who can answer for him when he is no longer fit to answer for himself ? Here begins the long drawn tragedy of home. Here the canker that enters the soul of the poor confiding woman who trusted her maiden sanctit}'- and all her hopes in life to this man out of all the world. First comes povert}r, loss of money, loss of place ; then loss of hope that anything can avail to reform her drunken husband ; and in the blank des pair which comes upon her, what wonder that she seeks forgetf ulness of her miseries in the glass herself, or that she succumbs to want and heartbreak, leaving her dear little ones to the cold care of a State department. But we need not rehearse the saddening tale of the drunkard's career and end. Our concern is rather to devise counter influences by which the vile appetite may be arrested. And, to begin with, we do not look for any single panacea. Healthy, religious home life will do much ; regular recourse to the Sacraments and assiduous prayer will do even more. In this, as in all dangers to the soul, the avoidance of occasions which suggest or lead to the trans gression, are of the utmost consequence. The pastors of the Church are aware of the com plex nature of the influences which promote or retard moral progress, and they cannot, there fore, put entire trust in any single method of coping with the vice of drunkenness Never theless, we must not belittle the influence of association in this direction ; and in populous centres especially, where the dangers of demoralising associations are urgent, societies for the promotion of temperance ought to find a place amongst parochial guilds. (Concluded in our neat.) 