lMONCSTTHE BOOKS. 'fl literary gossip. Wi f t.liali edition of Zola'a now uovcl, #\; 'o bei-o.'d early in May. Mr' i ,,ii. Stoveiwon'o Iioslliiiinoua novel, i ii to lio published by Mr. Hoiue- U will fi,s" ftl'l"JI,r Burially 01,0 of Bp' .#CJ( 0IH| to in volume form need not KS lot until tlio autumn. mi It in May Messrs. Olifttto will publish tno WI, RuolUclwns of Joan of Arc, wl.iob I . bus aiipoaritig in one of tlio Amerionu H : dcs. This will be on interesting book, B"! the writer, the Sicur Louio do Coute, is Kfttln. Indeed, in bis now nom dt guerre, Bf rlUcedily «>"' n suggestion ot his run B" Vnmol L. Clemens. Serious biatorioal Bt ii it ilnliitrtnro for Mark Twain, and to r these "iccolluotioiis" bo made a thorough H.Jj cf the literature coiicoi iiiny Joan of But Dsvltl Hnnituy is editing a now edition oh H i t's Life 0 f Kelson. It will have note RKeood tlui'fow oversights committed by 5\. aud the passages m Nolsoiis life Hffiloft out. Emma Hamthou, of whom tt er nid ft Htiio ub possible, will have hot Kr told at what is now adequate length. VVthe tnucb-debated story of Kelsous HS»i at Naples will be eot out from a point SJ other than Southey's. A brief account Elko be given of tbo uftVftl offioera aud Kfimous soldiers or oivilians mentionod iu lurC H. Pearson's poatbuinous volume, KteMitif Critical Ettays, hai been pub- Bid by Messrs. Motbuoti. The essays have BSeailested by the author's widow, and Fro- Beytf Strongi ul UuRemty Cuilcgo, Liverpool, Bnuibutes uu iatroduotoiy memoir. He suyn Bftbe writer of National Life ami LharueUr Bit be WRB uou ot' the inoat gifted men in- B.ikinslly Unit he htul avoi mot. Mr. Teat son B.,i t banpy 1 acuity of recalling pictures of Bteoti&od; oounuim? in bygono tunes, and that BiillumsU'diu these essays. They open with mmol personal remiuisooncea, and deal Btnelivuh literary subjects. B JUneCorclli is not aitogetber in favor at BliddMrougb Tho Freo Libiary committee Kg lit just decided to exclude Uhc Sorrows B / &«» b,n their bholvos. Some of the BmdUis coofesied tlmt they bad not read ibo Bk;otbc.sliid read it and ouusiderod it too BouUtiokcu," while one of tlio ukampions of tliu Bwk,'t«lleved it would bo read wlion half of K« ephemeral literature of the day was for- Boiteu." This latter opinion, however, failed BnUduuiveisaiaccoptaiiai, aud the hook has H«oi«med admittance, 'ihisis not the first Hunt that this author's books havu butm KtniUrly treated. H Tin April Bookman contains an artiole Hntitled A Curious Relic of the Browning Busily, which illustrates iu a remarkable way Hitt Tlittokoray Ritchie's references to the HlitmuK9 Biowuing's father, whom she saw Hi u child hi Paris. Many of the most striking Hi tliae drawings are contained in au old setup Hook, which lmi become available for the Bttf". Aud illustrations of some of thorn nccim- i'»ny the article. '1 he drawings consist, asfilis. Ritchie says, of 11 grim heads" with "the sig- HdiiouH of a hundred weird stories on t ie Kip." The drawings by Mr. Biowuinr's Huborinthc Bookman were intended to illus- title a ghost story. Questions personal to the Poet Laureate are Beiug asked concerning the publication of the Her contributed by him to tlio monument of Hfidwtrd Capcru, the Postman Poet, whioh runs tutu I 0 lark like poet 1 carol on, Lost in dim light, an unseen trill ! I We, in the lieaven where.you are gone, Find you no more, but hear you still. The questions obviously suggested are 1. Can a ttill in suy legible circumstances bo seen? 2. Who, io addition to Mr. Alfied Austin, ouosti- uiti the "We, in the Heaven where you bu\o h|udq : Special interest attaches at the present time to the contemplated publication at au early data of a work by tbo late General Gordon ttbich has not hitherto seen the light The original, which is in the Ai&bio; language, con lilts of & dcfcnco of hia conduct in reference to the execution of Zobehr Pasha's sou Suliman, ludisB&id; to contain, incidentally, rnauy iin- jcttsot statements &h; to his views aud policy »ith legard to tho Soudan The work, it may uemcutioued, enjoys the uoique distinction of Utog tbo only one ever primed at Khartoum, , \ ® aro o»ly three copies in existence, ono of which Is in tbo uosseasion of the Britisli Museum, 'flic remainder of.tho impression was dajroyed in transit by the waters of the Kile. rumored in literary circles in Paris that Alpbooso Daudet is likely before Jong to bo tlected a member of tbo French Academy, to woe extent in spite of himself; . As is well- B«uowu, the author of L'fimiorl el has written iiiytbiug hut tenderly, in the past of the Academy, ami has always refused to, become a C4Ddi<fttu, However, a cortain number of BUttlemiehuis are aiiid to have doidod to vote for e iltl'coming election of a member to Hn._,eat by the death of . Alexandre B, ft , u 11,18 although- lie will not present WDlelffor election. Should ! bo be eieoied Bi u' r' conditions, as is bellovod will pio- B, ®v Jappon, there is littlo doubt thot bo will I il. Jf » 5® ),0,l0r thus thrust upon him.' It I.J 8ft'd tlmt among tho candidates for the B m in question aro MM. Zola and A i earth I rtf »lf' cu 8 democracy and Liberty oonsiats I iirai. I y Vc)lubies. The author tells in his ILi i1111'111'1 intonded :to introduce his Ami tt ew remaiu on the advantago of I uJ!mp0l?r>' fiwo»M.ona boing discussed by I S? J ¥ uucouuQoted with, praotical I to iln ' howevor, ho has not beou able I Li. J V ftt n .t,,no when the gicater portion of I u. wa8 m l'10 printer's hands he himsolf I tiiuTPGCCt:iy 8unt ' to Parllaniont. But I tint 0ii? Is ,i)08,tion has been altered, ho lias I lii< ?!f % tbU fact to alter the character of I CAriH?' r he thought :it necessary to I ikhmL' \l,a?®aS® M in defence of Univorsity I tioa nfl T\h\lSn 1 SOoeioi and of tlio represonta- I wx< .uliu UnlvcrHliy in particular," whioh I uo.kihn. ie,i wien l|e hod .no Idea that it could I luiltion rCl!arded as a efll0 his own I riW ,.n10t'00 has been given to tho I Una G lluhhshed book of sonnets by Mr. Wil- I rreaoiul'i1 ? Bndigo, whoso verse has been I dvllaSL ! ¥ wpotent critics as marked by I Mr J ?,oetlcal URtlnot and truo literary taste. I laxBn. ,l,on Stephens, in an appreciative I Joture Linr0 Jhftt tho biographer of tho I 1'urnowA? 1 aJde as ot little value for tho I ofrSft.?,0 IB"cal'oritioiBm the large output I (be aud hack blook verse belonging to I ' Wever greatand however merited I MubU w. tH vogue In its. day, and will I orthv <If iaBt 0 8®rhng literary value, and as I of t hi ii preserved among tho treasures I 01 ;p,n8Uftge, certain sonnets by \Villiam I tkmiftht' » i r,t?dor wh love» elevatiou of I vbioh liAiIlr i « BlmPl8 dignity of language I that su. hin it the restrained strength ,araotorise« the assured master of his ciait will Hiiu. satisfaction iu ihe&e; examples of true poetry, aud may perhaps form ono of a possible many who will endeavor, wliilu there is yet tiino, to preventively anticipate the charge of neglect. We append ono of the most beauti ful ol the sonnets JkVlSSTlUlA ftui«iaj»RHTl(UK ,UM i O stcup and rugged Llio, whoso harsh ascent olopes blindly upward through the bitter night l They say that on thy summit, high and light. Sweet rest awaits the climber, travel spent ; But I, alas, with dusty garments rout, With fainting heart and failing limbs and sight, Can see no gUmmor of thoshiiiing height. And vainly Uat, with body forward bent, To catch athwart tho gloom one wandering note Of those glad anthems which (they say) are sung When one emerges from tlio mist below ; But though, (j Life, thy summit bo ruinate. And all thy stony path with darkness hung, Yet ever upward through the night 1 go. Thomas Hood h >Soug of tiie Shirt was one 01 l'unclis great successes. A woman, with a half starved infant at her btcast, was "charged at the Lambeth police court with pawning her master's gauds, for which she had to givu £2 security. Her husband hnd died by an accident, and had left her with two children to support, aud sho obtained by her ueedle for tho main- tenance of heisulf nud family whnt her master called tho 'good living' of twin slalliiiyx a wcik." Punch was at once aglow witli red hut indignation, aud in an article entitled Famine And Fashion proposed an advertisement such as this tor the (inn that employed hoi : — Holland coats irom two ana three are shown By Hunger's haggard fingers neatly sewn, Embroidered tunics for your infant made— tfn " The eyes are sightless now that worked the braid l Iticli vests of velvet nt this mart appear. Each ono bedimtit'd by some poor widow's tear; Aud riding hubils formed for maid or wife, All cheap— tiyu, ladles, cheap as pauper life.. For mourning suits this is the fitting mart, For every garment help'il to break a heutt. Tho. subject tououeu nuuu mute powerfully pet haps than others, for his nature was essenti ally gtnve aud symputheuo. As lie himscll had said, it was only for his livelihood ,.tbat he was a lively Hood— although he wlu alwayB.brim- ming over with cumicuiitiOH; ami he uo'verjelt moio deeply the digui'y of his'pioieBsion'aud. hisownioice and weight than', who.u he was; engaged on serious work. ' So Hood ooitjMted hp his Song of the Shirt, inoveu by the revelations, of poor' seatnstiesscs who received, as- it appeared, five tarthiugs a shirt,' out of which - suin thoy had to find their own needles. ' Mark Lemon told Mr. Joseph Haitou that Hoed had ''accompanied the poem witli a few lines iu which ho expressed the fear that it wus hardly suitable lor I'unch, and leaving it between his discietiou ami the wastepaper basket." It iintl, said Hood, atreudy been rejected by tliiee papcis, and lie was sick of the sight of it. Mark Lemon brought tho pocin up at the Table, where the majority of the stalf protested against its inclusion in a comic paper. But Lcmou was determined ; and, after all, was it not fur a Christmas number that ho destined it— a number in whioh some thing sciious, pathetic, with a note of pity nud lo\u was surely not out of place? Tho oirect of its publication wast tremendous. Tlio poom went through the land like wildfire. Hourly every paper quoted it, headed by the Times: it was the talk of the hour, the talk of tho cuuutry. It went stiaight to John Bull's kind, louryeuht sympathetic heart, just ns Catlylo declared that Buskin's truths hnd " pierced like arrows " into Mb. Tlio author- ship, too, was vigorously canvassed with intense interest. Dickens, with that keen insight and critical faculty which lmd enabled him almost alone among literary exports to detect tho sex of George Eliot, then an unknown writor. . . was one of the few who at once named the writer of the verses. And it was well for Hood that he had proof of the author ship, for oue of tlio must curious things connected with the poem was tho number of persons who had tho incomprehensible audacity t« claim it. . . Punch ahuicd handsomely in tho glory of the poet, and its circulation tripled on the atiength of it. And Mrs. Hood, poor soul, triumphed in her prophecy ; for had she not said, and maintained in spite of enoh successive rejection from foolish edt'ors — "How, mind, Hood, mark my words;' this will toll wonderfully i It is ono of the best things you overdid." And so this soug, which in spite of its defects still thrills you as you read, uohieved such a popu larity that for sudden and enthusiastic applause its reception has rarely been cquallod.' It was soon translated into every languago of Europe — (Hood used to laugh as ho woudered how they would render "Seam and gusset and band" into Dutch j it waa printed and old as cut-oh- pennies, printed on eotton pookot baudkerohiefs it was illustrated in a thousand' ways; and tho greatest triumph of all, whioh brought tears of joy to Hood's eyes, before a wetk was out a poor beggar weman came singing it dowu the street, the words set to a simple air of her owin 