Local and General News. —o— NORTHAM MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—A meeting of the committee of the Northam Mechanics' Institute was held on Wednesday last, when it was agreed to have the old hall throughly cleaned up, painted and renovated. It was also arranged that the first of a series of lectures should be delivered on Wednesday, 29th inst. With a view to rendering these lectures attractive there will be no charge made for admission. NORTHAM ATHLETIC CLUB.—The dis- tribution of prizes won at the athletic sports on Easter Monday will take place in the Temperance Hall, on Wednesday evening the 16th inst. Prior to the distribution the Northam Amateur Dramatic Society will, by special request, re-produce the comedy "Written in Sand" which met with such a hearty reception on its first production. AGRICULTURAL CONFERENCE.—The fourth annual agricultural conference will be held in the board room of the Bureau of Agriculture, Perth, on Tuesday next. Matters of very great interest to agriculturists, pastoralists and fruit growers will be submitted for consider- ation. NORTHAM GOVERNMENT HOSPITAL.—The number of patients under treatment in the Northam Government Hospital, on the 2nd inst., was 11; since admitted 1; discharged 3; remaining under treatment on 9th inst., 9\. Of these it is expected that four will be discharged in the course of a few days. The hospital assistant, Mr. Harrison, in- forms us that he is not nearly so taxed to attend patients as he was a week or so ago, and with the help of a convalescent patient can do without further assistance. The health of the town and district, it may be observed, has considerably improved dur- ing the past week. EASTER HOLIDAY.—Easter Monday was observed as a holiday, and the weather being simply delightful, the people of Nor- tham and district indulged in a very plea- sant day's outing. The athletic sports and bicycle contests, under the auspices of the Northam Athletic Club, proved a great success, and were witnessed by a very large assembly of interested spectators. In con- nection with the sports, we cannot help re- marking that it is to be regretted that the Municipal Council caunot see its way to ex- pend some money on the recreation ground so as to render it deserving of the name it bears. The grounds are most pleasantly situated, and a moderate outlay would make them one of the most attractive spots in Northam. What is really necessary is to fence the ground in; lay off a portion with shrubs and flowers; place seats for the accommodation of visitors, and erect a kiosk which, while being an ornament, could be turned to useful account on festive oceasions. But to return to the day's proceedings : in addition to the athletic sports, the commit- tee of S. John's parish hall building fund had a "cake and apron fair " on the ground and during the day the young ladies at the stall were liberally patronised. The Salva- tion Army had a picnic of their own, and with the aid of their excellent band, passed a very pleasaut time at Spencer's Brook. In the Temperance Hall the Sisters of St. Joseph held a bazaar which, in the evening, was most generously patronised, and the re- sult, financially, must have been very satis- factory. A pleasant dance wound up the "fancy fair." Altogether, it may be said, the holiday was thoroughly enjoyed. THE 'BULLETIN'S' REVENGE. — The 'Bul- letin' of 28th March, has taken its revenge on sundry Coolgardie critics who have been very severe on its Westralian gold items, in a very clever cartoon which appears on the first page of the number referred to. The title is, "The situation in Coolgardie," and the artist draws his inspiration from the following Westralian wire: "There are 70 cases of fever in the Coolgardie hos- pital." An unfortunate Coolgardie digger is seen stretched out in a shanty as ill and miserable as well can be conceived, when a Manly boy comes to him and consoles the wretched sufferer with the following caustic words : "Awfully sorry for you, old man, but I don't wonder at your having the ty- phoid with all these dead cats about." The dead cats are 'Bayley's Reward,' the 'Lon- donderry,' the 'Wealth of Nations,' &c.; The 'Bulletin' has scored, but won't the March returns of gold exported from W. A. positively paralyse the cynical artist? For the sake of the discomfited Coolgardie cri- tics, we sincerely hope they may. German Experts.—The report of the German mining experts, Herr Schmeisser and Dr. Vogelsang, on the Western Austra- lian goidfields ('Daily News'), has been published in London, and is a highly favor- able one. The experts assert that the rich- ness of the Westralian fields compares fa- vorably with that of the Transvaall. Very flattering; but it has to be remem- bered that before Jameson's raid, the Rand turned out 2,000 ozs. of gold monthly. How many thousaud ozs., monthly, come from the Coolgardie mines? HEREDITY.—The 'Morning Herald' of the 7th inst., in a leading article, lectures Governor Smith over his speech at the ban- quet on the occasion of His Excellency's visit to the Swan vineyards. As an after- luncheon deliverance, the Governor's was really not bad, and a reference to bold Robin Hood and ancient money-lenders was certainly much more agreeable than a dis- sertation on the effects of sour wine or the ravages of phylloxera, but to presume that the Governor's deductions from the career of old Robin Hood, the hero of English fable, would have a corrupting influence on the masses 'larrikin,' ' ex-convict ' or otherwise is about as absurd as to suppose that Mrs. Partington's reflections wound be regarded as philosophical dicta. Devoting a reader to gubernatorial small-talk is, decidedly, the absym of journalistic drivel. 'Raaioua departments' must have lost their flavour. HOT COALS FOR COOLGARDIE.—The 'Bul letin,' which has resolved to show no mercy to Coolgardie, extracts with pleasure the lollowing trenchant par. from the 'Cool- gardie Review':—'Men who are now rot- ing in luxury in London on money made out of Coolgardie frauds, ought to be rotting in gaol with white-fingered rascals, like Jauez. Balfour. Men who are piling up wealth in holy Adelaide, ought to be piling up stones in Yatala Stockade, and some whom we know in Perth, fattening on oysters and champagne, ought, if they had their deserts, to be picking oakum in Fremantle. Surely this very plain specimen of Coolgardie Eng- lish ought to satisfy even the 'Bulletin.' But there—envy is blind. The York Volunteers.—Our York cor- respondent, last week, wrote, "The York Volunteers have decided not to go to the Easter encampment." Why this serious piece of news was not communicated to the Perth dailies is unaccountable. The York Volunteers decline lo go to the encampment! Intelligence of this character would have thrown the capital into a state of alarm, as the York contingent was universally re- garded as the must warlike portion of the Volunteer Army. In the present critical state of affairs in Africa, added to the fact that Perth could be attacked by an enemy via the Swan River, some steps should be at once taken to fan the enthusiasm of our Eastern warriors until it again yearns to let loose the dogs of war. The valor of the Volunteers now under arms cannot be doubted, but to engage an enemy without the York contingent would be unpardon- able rashness. Surely the York Volun- teers are not going to show the white fea- ther now that it is possible that they may be called upon—as the official poet has it-— "to die for England?" "Who would die for England?" Seemingly not the York Voluuteers. Ghost of Patroclus, what cra- ven genii have transformed the York war- riors into the "Pensioners of Peace?" THE BLIND MUSICIANS.—a grand vocal and instrumental concert will be given in the Temperance hall, this evening, at 8 o'clock, by the Blind Musicians from the Industrial School for the Blind, North Ade- laide, S.A. The company is composed of trained musicians, and will carry out a pro- gramme which cannot fail to gratify any audience. Apart from the intrinsic merit of the performers, the fact that the pro- ceeds will be in aid of the excellent insti- tution of which they are members should secure a good house. MR. MORAN.—Mr. Moran has unbosomed himself to the representative of the "Golden Age," and has given it as his opinion that Mayor McDonald contemplates standing as a member for Coolgardie, hence his desire to belittle Mr. Moran. But, seriously, why should not Mayor McDonald aspire to re- present Coolgardie? This is a free country, and therefore scycophants and blatant pa- triots are equally at liberty to woo credu- lous voters. Mr. Moran must be careful of the "yellow pups" of politics or they will obstruct his entrance into Parliament after the anticipated dissolution. BENEFIT CONCERT.—As announced in another column a benefit concert in aid of the widow and family of the late Mr. Bloomfield will be held in the Temperance Hall, Northam, on Wednesday the 22nd inst on which occasion a splendid programme of music, song, and recitation's will be carried out by our most popular amateurs. The praiseworthy object of the concert we feel assured will draw a full house, apart from the intrinsic merit of the entertainment. Poor. Mr. Timperley. — Mr. Titnperley, . R-.M. for Bunbury, says the Fbemantle . Times is aB remarkable for his thin skin as \- for his magisterial decisions, bnt we think . he tfjuohed high-water mark when he- could not sit still and heiv Mr. Venn defend him self against his whilom chief, Sir John Forrest. Like Peter of old, Mr. T I'm per ley Went hurriedly out of the room and (iet us hops) wspt hitte-iey — for himself. Mr. Yes s asd the Premier. — During the course of his speech at the Brunswick complimentary luncheon to Mr. Venn that gentleman said:— "He (the Premier) knew as well as he (Mr. Venn) did the demands for the Railway Rolling Stock and he there again emphatically said that he (Mr. Venn) asked him on behalf of the Department for £200,000 for rolling stock for existing lints in addition to the £130,000 for rolling .-tuck for projected lines, such us the Bridgetown, \- Collie, Cue, and Conlgardie lines. He (the- Premier) would only allocate £174-, 030 being. £156,000 less than the Department asked for. That statement- was conSrmed by Mr. O'Connor who had an interview immediately afterwards with the Premier." Who is speaking the. truth? Surely the man who claims as his inotto malo.mori qtiamfoedari (death before dishonor) could not lie ? Yet the Premier says that, what Mr. Venn has asserted ia not among his memorabilie 1 The Agricultural Bureau.— The Fre-' mantle Times thus comments on the recent outing given under the auspices of the Agricultural Bureau : — By-the-way, for an unremunerativc department, and or.e in which the expenses are annually increasing, the " Benoo " keeps well to the front in the matter of. lavish expenditure. It has a literary organ all to itself, a highly paid expert for almost every one of its branches and is able to foot the bill for a swagger luncheon every now and again. Meant i-u? tiie public pays and looks pleasant." We may add that it is likely on the meeting of Parliament a country member will inquire whether the " benoo" should not becl«3<-d under the head of "Rnnious Department. ' Sir John Forrest's York Speech.— Th. speech delivered by Sir John Forrest at t-h< banquet given in York on Easter Mond iy by Mr. F. C. Monger, the member for ih district, will prove, pleasant reading f««i those residing in the Avon Valley and will also encourage theNorthamC omallingR iil- way .Leag'ue to persevere in their efforts to induce the Government to construct an agricultural line. Durir.ir the course of hi address the Premier said : — " He therefore hoped in future, and he would pledge him self as far as his influence in politics wa- concerned. that the Government would do inuch more than had already been done in giving advantages of transit to the rural population— the farming people of th. colony. The people should do all they could to assist in the settlement of the laud in the fertile and temperate parts of the colony. He hoped that they would think over the matter carefully. The Avon Valley contained the best land in the coun try, taking it as a whole, and he wa-s sorry to see such a large amount of land unoc cupied that might be improved. If sonm scheme coukl be devised to make that land productive, he would help it as much as possilbe." Nothing could be more satis factory than he Premier's declaration, and certainly the h-ad of the Government could not- irmie practically " assist in the sett e- inent of the laud in the fertile and teinperule parts of the colony," than by agreeing to construct the Nortbam- Coomalling railway line. Death of Aubrey Forward. — It was with many expressions of sincere regret that the news was received on Good Friday morning of the death of Aubrey Forward. The deceased had resided with his parents in this part of the district for many years and by his straightforward and manly con duct had won for himself the respect and esteem of all classes of the community. Young Forward was a member of the Sal vation Army and had left home about, six weeks ago with the intention of devoting his life to the Army work. With this object in view he decided to undergo a course of training in the Melbourne S. A. Training Home, but had not been in that 'institution more than a week when he showed symptoms ot the typhoid fever. The deceased was admitted to the Alfred Hospital, but despite every care he passed away on Thursday evening, April 2nd. Much sympathy is felt for deceased's family in their sad bereavement. On. Sunday evening the local corps of the Salvation Army held a special service in memory of their late brother, of whom all spoke in the higest terms. The band, which has, under the conductorship of Mr W Tindale, con siderably improved of late, discoursed some excellent selections of music appropriate to the occasion. Consolation for Mr. Skoll. — In a very interesting article on the " Telegraph Systems of the world" in the Windsor Magazine we find the following: "In the English post office a delay of two days in delivering a European message, and one of six for an - extra-European is not thought astonishing, anil the cost will not be re' funded if the delay is less." Mr. Sholl can. derive comfort from this extvact. If six ; days in England is not deemed a long time to wait for a telegraphic message surely a .Y' fortnight cannot be' considered very-long in Western Australia ! After reading this Magazine article we are inclined to think that Mr, Sholl and his telegraph department is not so far behind the electrical times in which we live. Public Reserve.—Town lot 200, Northam, has been set apart as a public reserve for the Salvation "Army." Dr. R. N. ROCKETT.—His Excellency the Governor in Executive Council has been pleased to appoint R. N. Rockett to act as Resident Medical Officer of the Northam District, and Public Vaccinator of the Urban, Suburban, and Rural Districts of Northam, during the absence on leave of J. B. Dunlop. GOLD EXPORT.—The Customs return of the quantity of gold exported from the colony during the month of March is as follows: Total quantity, 11,084ozs. 17dwt. 5gr.; value £42,122 9s. 4d. There is a deficiency of 6,837oz as compared with the month of February. Found Drowned. — Early on Friday nmrning 3rd inst., a man named Roach, writes " the West Australian, reported to the. water ' ' police at Fremantle that an object resembling the body of a man was washing about near the South Beach, not far from the baths. Water Police Constables MacGregor and Ellice went _L down the beach and recovered the object, which proved to be the body of a Chinaman. Subsequent inquiries elicited that it was that of Tor Jtiee, who is supposed to have come from Northam, where he was engaged as a cook. Tee body of "Tor Bee," as his countrymen ca I him, was yesterday identified by Sam Wah as that of Ah Chung, otherwise called "Toby," wno has recently been employed as cook at Sermon's Hotel, Northam. Ah Chung had been out of work for some lime, and had been lodging with a friend at Ghen Hop's store in High-street Fremantle.—. — . — .—.—At the inquest on Saturday morning a verdict of "found drowned " was returned. Deceased was well known and respected in Northam. "Toby" had been educated in an English school in Hong Kong but despite his superior knowledge he was a pure "fatalist." Only a few months ago "Toby's" nearest relation committed suicide in Hong Kong. NEW TOWN CLERK.—Mr. DAlton, the new Town Clerk, was present at the meeting oi the Northam Municipal Council on the 2nd inst., and was introduced by His Worship the Mayor to the Councillors present. Mr. Traylen's Water Scheme. — The Northam Municipal Council have accepted Mr. Traylen's water scheme and it is to be. hoped that before many months have elapsed ratepayers will have evidence that the proposal will be carried to practical completion. Northam Roads Board.— In our report pf the proceedings of the. Northam Roads Board, on 7th March, we erroneously stated that "on the motion of Mr. McManus," Messrs. Lockyer and Enwright were to be given notice to remove their fences. The motion was not moved by Mr. McManus, but was the outcome of a discussion re that matter and was a "resolve" of the whole Board. Meeting of Ratepayers.— As will be seen from an advertisement elsewhere, His Worship the Mayor, C. R. Knight, Esq., has convened a public meeting of ratepayers in the Mechanics' Hall, on Wednesday, 15th inst. at 8 p.m., to consider the recent appointment oi a Supervisor. There can be no doubt that the meeting has been called under a misconception of many facts which must be clearly under- stood in connection with the recent appoint- ment. At first sight a salary of £150 per annum does seem large but when it is remembered that the Supervisor is also Town Clerk and in that capacity has a great many duties to perform, which, if performed efficiently and systematically, will result in a larger revenue being received, and thus (for all practical purposes) reducing the apparently high salary to a mere minimum. Work in connection with the Municipality must be done well, and a good, active man is worth a fair annual "screw." If the ratepayers who signed the requisition were only seized of all the facts of the case we feel confident that the proposed meeting would be abandoned. North Dandalup. — The Mining Journal has issued, as a supplement, a sketch showing the approximate position of the protectioi. areas taken up at North Dandalup. The pla.- has been prepared by the Department of Mine - from information supplied by Messrs. C. II. Lovett and- J. King. The Auction Mart.— Messrs C. R. Knight and Co. will hold an auction sale at the Auction Mart, this day, at 2.30 p.m. SHUT OUT.—In consequence of pressure on our space the reports of the Northam Police and Local Courts are crowded out. Massey-Harris.— A trial of the Massey Harris, Cultivator and Seeder will take plac c at Buckland, Mrs. Dempster's farm, on Tues day next, 14th inst., at 2 p.m. All desirous o: witnessing the excellent work done by this splendid Agricultural Implement should mak it a point to attend on Tuesday next. Fashionable Wedding.— The inarriag- of Capt. A. J. St. Leger to Miss Hild Gerald ine Smith, the second daughter o! His Excellency the Governor was s »ie;niiized by the Anglican Bishop of Perth, in the Cathedral on Wednesday last. The cere mony was a brilliant affair and a descriptive account together with a list of present occupies six columns of the West Aus tralian. Mr. G. Throssell, M.L.A. — As might have been expected, our member, Mr. G. Throssell, M.L.A., was not long in Adelaide before he was waited upon by the "inter viewer," and the result is given in a very in teresting account of Western Australia, its position and prospects, in the Register of 27th March. Mr. Throssell gave a very accurate account of the position of the colony, and in our next issue we will have much pleasure in reproducing Mr. Throssell's observations. To Correspondents. — The correspon- dence of our York and Newcastle contri- buters is unavoidably held over. THE BON MARCHE.—We would remind our readers that Mr. Alexander Eason has opened the Bon Marche, Russell Terrace where he has on hand a large stock of fancy goods and toilet requisites. Mr. Eason represents Messrs J. Grossmith and Son & Co, London, and in a week or so will introduce an attractive list of goods which may be secured at his establishment. 