THE BOROUGH CUP.; (TO THE EDITOR OF THE HOIRSAM TIMEt.) Sm,-The contest. for the above;' to be decided on Thursday next, promises' to' Ibe of the most interesting and exciting charac. ter. The field will not be numerous, but, judging by the amount of work done by the four candidates, there is likely to be a desperately econtested fight Tor the three places to be filled. To' give your readers the= pedigree and performances of the candidates, I am'bounid to accord precedence to Merino, by Chamn pion. This horse ranias a station 'hack some years ago and" won the: Glen:Isla Stakes, and as the.nomiuation.of Squato cracy he twas entered and,beat his field for the Cop., He has run into a place for all his engagements. up to the present, and on' this occasion I expect to se, himn run easily into afront place. .; , No. 2 is Martintale by, Running Rein, from Beeswax; - 'This little; horse is not a beauty to look "at, I ti a rum'un to go; his close finish with our chlampion Shillalah a couple of years ago, stamped hint a real clinker, as Shillalah ran a-dead heat with that little. wonder Widketkeeper for the Mayo,'s Plate and gave the . Plutocrat hlorse.:Mhortgagee (with t'tons of money, behind him)- a hollow -licking. I think, fromn his running the champion so close and. afterwards being allowed to walk. over for the Cup, Martingale 'must .be?safe for a place. No. 3. Pure Grit did not accept, as he le in training for his race with the old veteran, Tihe Bush Bee, for.tihe Shire Sthakes.'- r Tn; ' is Ntsi Piids; byITemipleJ (ourt,' from Sine Die. rThis is a ,big raking colt with perhaps a little 'too much daylight under, himi. He has' only+ appeared,ltwice on the turf; the fires time of asking was for the Dock Swamp Trot, which he won ; but I think, if, the. rider ;of, Colleen Bawn; had known as much about a trot as he does about the big sticks the verdict might have been different. His next performance was for the Doctdr's Stakes 6ver/tliGTowi'WHall course, where he- got ladly: beaten..i He will be well aupporte4 by. the Plutocratic N:. 5 is Brigatdicr? 'by nhtchei: oy,' frtml Straight Wire. This horse bears a stiieg family : resemibiice'ito hisi' fadmOtis '?sire, being perhaps hardly so much orithe leg, but showing equally good hone, and decidedly roinders:in ,the hat iel?r eT'hia::specialty:of conformiation-which, ;by the way, is al ways a sign of \eight.carryio anId staying power-sometimes favors .,the assumption that the son of Old Butcher Boy is short of work, wheli he isreally a fit trs 'a fiddle. He has 'recentlj don':a lot'ofstrpig, istea!l? work at a good swinging'"baistinvlrially pulling up well. He would not:blow a thistledown'from his,nostrils.; z5,4 -." I I ill not be here to:. see the fin??l'gallops, lut,':as far asiI, caon :jndga kt'present; any thing that can lieat' \lerino '~rill hav'e'Ne:. 1 hoisted after his'iibeh . '-Fai , " & c !" ' NIMROD'S GHOST. 