THE MERCURY. BOBART: WEDNESDA Y, DEO. 9, 1896. EPITOME OF NEWS. To-morrow and Friday bank holidays in Hobart, from noon. ' Military patronage will bo bestowed at the Theatro Boyal this evening. ? > 'Mr. Malcolm Johnstone gives a concert in the Temperance-hall to morrow evening. . Mr. Bradshaw Major's organ recital at tho Town-hall this s f toi noon. ?? Tenders close to-day for the supply of stores to the Hobart General Hospital foi 1897.. Mr. R. W. G. Shoobridge will address the . ratepayors of New Norfolk Municipality at the Kosegarland Hotel this evoning. Bazaar and product sale for parsonage fund at-Macquarie Plains Railway Station to-day. Train from Hobart at 1.10 p.m. Tenders close to-day for the erection of Post and Telegraph Office, Mathinna, and police buildings at Gormanston. Council, of Agriculture have appointed Messrs. Tabart. Maddox, and Evans, inspec- tors under the Manure Adulteration Act. George Meehan and a girl named Rebecca Morgan arrested for attempted passing of forged cheque at Launceston, Six Imperial long service medals presented to members- of Launceston Artillery Corps last evening. . Meeting to discuss establishment of dis- trict nurses in Hobart to be held next Monday evoning. Mr. Joseph Hinds contradicts the rumour that he is withdrawing from the Urightsn municipal contait. Mr. James Clark, jun., Ellendale, notifies that a guide will be furnished tourists going to the top of Mount Field. . Hobart municipal affairs vigorously dis- cussed by citizens at Town-hall meeting lost evening. Hamilton athletic sports will be held on N«w Year's Day. There ure- five foot races, five horse races, and two bicycle races on the card. AU entries close on Friday next. ' Mr. A. T. Smallborn announces himself as a candidato for municipal election, and, by advertisement, solicits the votes of the elec- tors \- An important question as to liability of Hobart Corporation to repair certain streets dedicated to the public was raised in the Supreme Court yesterday. ? Council of Agriculture has decided to call attention of Minister of Lands to destruction of timber on Crown lands by promoters of chopping matches. Births in the registration districts of Hobart and Launceston numbered Uli during November last. This is 38 less than in November last year, and a decrease of 52'2 on tho November average during the last five-yearly period. London wool sales languishing. British harvest returns show an average of '¿3.68 bushels to tho acre. Lady Brassoy's Blind Institute Fund amounts to £5,100. New South Wales intercolonial cricket match team selected. Names cabled. Herr Tansell. Chief of Berlin polico, arrested for perjury. Prices in English and Continental hop markets advancing. Venezuelan Congress meets early to ratify treaty with Great Britain. It. M.S. Orizaba, from London, arrivad at Semaphore, Adelaide. 10 15 last night. ' Mobllisingjof Greok reserves has caused a sensation in Athens. Mr. John Henry addressed electors at Devonport last night. He advocated legis- lative and financial rest. Forty-five fishing smacks and their crews, hailing from Brittany, lost in the recent terrific gale. Two special' correspondents of Gorman newspapers bave been sent to gani and two others unod for libelling Stato ofti< ials. President Cleveland, at tho eve of re- tiring from office, Bupgests purchase of Cuba by America. Secretary of State for America bos warned Spain that a chango nf policy in regard to Cuban »tFairs is imminent. Trade of United Kingdom for October shows a largo increase of imports, but a decrenso of exports. j Detective Roche has left Sydney en route for San Francisco to arrest Butler, the sus- pected Glenbrook murderer. Body of J. E. Kelsall, the Customs officer drowned in Port Melbourne on Sun- day, has been recovered. Turkish Ambassador at Ht. Petersburg has reported to Stamboul that Great Britain and Russia aro in perfect accord as to enforce- ment of reforms in Turkey. No decision will be como to between Now South Wales Premier and Queensland Ministers re Federal Enabling Bill until Friday next. . New Zealand Premier declares tho elections are extremely satisfactory, giving Ministers a clear majority of 12 votes. Sir Robert Stout says an abler and firmer Opposition has not benn seen for 10 years past. President Cleveland Bays if Spain has offered and Cuba accepted satisfactory autonomous government, America's only duty is to see the arrangements properly fulfilled. Victorian Assembly has decided to insist nn disagreeing with Council's amendment to Factories Shops Bill, requiring two-thirds of shopkeepers to petition for declaration of weekly half-holiday. Washington reports state that President McKinley will attack the tariff question early in the coming spring, and that Canadian and Australian importations will suffer._ THERE is a great deal of useful reading in the annual reports issued by the Hobart Corporation, to those who know how to read between as well as along the lines. Naturally, the reports themselves make out that there never was a better Corporation, headed by a better Mayor, ?and served by better officials than it is at once the pride and the privilege of the citizens of Hobart to possess. When, however, we come to give some little attention to these reports, which are not at all bad in their way, we can discover that there are screws loose here and there, and places where the ratepayers ought to put on the screw and turn J much more energetically than they 1 have done hitherto, or seem even now inclined to do. As we have said more than once, it is not easy either in a Corporation or a household to put our finger on the things that are wrong, but the aspect of affairs determines at once and unmistakably our judgment as to whether management is good or "bad. The reports assure us, as does the MAYOR in language much more florid than convincing, that everything is for the best with this best of Corporations in this best of cities, but the state of the streets, the sanitary arrangements and other things seem to afford evidence which does not at all bear out the picture on which the rosy colon-? have been daubed witli so lavish a hand. The first report deals with the Water Supply, and tells us a great deal that we know al- ready, and little that we did not know. Toe MAYOR'S fiction of a few years ago that Hobart would never be short of water again, is disposed of by the admission that the city is practically short of water already. The facts point to serious miscalcula- tions in times gone by when it was believed that the new reservoir would suffice for all our wants, about which we hear very little at the present day. As far as we can judae, there is reason to believe that the supply from the Mountain is > falling off, but why this is so it does not seem to occur- to anyone to enquire. It is true thattbe last was a dry season,and we are threatened now even with a worse one, but beyond this there seemsUo be a decrease in the average quantity of water which comes down from the Mountain. Some persons, and apparently with reason, beliove that this state of affairs is due to the de- struction of the growth on the Moun- tain by the reckless lighting of fires, about which there seems to be what we are almost inclined to call criminal carelessness. Even at the present time we hear complaints of fires burn- ing in several places, some of which are said to have been lighted by Corporation employees, and it is clear, no one thing eau be clearer, that some strict, consistent, and persistent action must be taken to put a stop to this reckless destruction of the foliage on which the water supply may be said to depend. What is wanted is effec- tive ac'ion, action which will make all and sundry understand that if they transgress they will be punished, to which end it should be the immediate business of the Corporation to consult with the terri- torial police and the law officers so as to see what can be done. We wonder whether the Corporation will do this, or even pay serious attention to such complaints as may be made. As for the proposal, the one which may now be said to be alive, to increase the supply of water, we can only say that it seems to be inadequate, though it is, perhaps, the best that can be made in the circumstances. Whether it will lead to legal complications re- mains to be seen, but on one point we are quite clear, which is, that the majority of the aldermen know nothing about riparjan rights. As matters stand, we may doubt whether a sufficient aud permanent supply can be got in any of the ways proposed, and we may wait to see what develop- ments will take place in regard to what we can only call a very unsatis- factory state of affairs. It seems to us that u new policy is required. As to the finances of the Corpora- tion, we may leave them for the present, for they are not easily under- stood, nor is there any agreement about thein. In due time we shall have to deal with them, and we can only hope that there will be a statement made which will enable all the ratepayers to understand, beginning with the alder- men themselves. And the finances include.of course.the public worksdone, of which a list is given, and which, in the circumstances, are, we suppose, as much as we can expect, though they are very far from being what is re- quired. The public is asked specially to admire the street sweeping, which is one of the things which the public, especially the visiting public, finds itselfjcmable to do. No doubt, a great deal has to be done with the means available, but we cannot help thinking that those means might be much better employed than they are. We can recall to mind cities and towns where the means were not large, but which were kept in a much more presentable state than Hobart is. We know, we know too well, that we shall be told that nothing more can be done tuan is done, and the MAYOR will assure the world that the gutters are something that rival in sweetness the. perfumes of Araby the Blest, but the fact remains that there is dirt, un- necessary dirt, and what appeals to be marked neçlect in many parts of the city, and places where there are dis- gusting accumulations. The MAYOR, himself, might nose them even in Bath-street and on his road there, if he had a scent for anything but otto of roses, and might, perhaps, like others, reach the conclusion that the same'means might be so used as to produce far better results. The sanitary report is more satis- factory than usual, because it shows what we may call a better spirit. There is, we think, new life in what used to be a mere perfunctory piece of business, and there is evidence that a more vigorous state of affairs has been inaugurated. ThelîEALTH OFFICER is fortunate in that he has had a very healthy season, but we must congratu- late him on the fact that he seems able and inclined to do his very im- portant duties. Still, as the report shows, and we know from information that is not in the report, there remains a great deal to do, a veritable Augean Stable yet to be cleaned. The whole business in connection with the removal and' disposal of refuse requires reformation, or rather we should say to be properly organised, as theio can hardly be said to be any system to reform. The filth, the retting, festering masses that are out of sight should be dealt with in some decided way, even if the Corporation is unable to provide for the periodical removal of refuse. This is one thing essential to the health of the City. Another essential is the strict super- vision of the water-courses, some of which are now made the receptacles of filth by persons who knowingly vio- late the law, and who should be promptly punished. Then we hear of cows drinking the filthy water of the rivulets, and other abominations1 which the HEALTH OFFICEE should put an end to, no matter who is con- cerned, or what may be the position of the offenders. We are afraid that I there is too much truth in tho strictures of the HEALTH OFFICER on the gross carelessness and dirtiuesB of many in dealing with the pan system, and we trust that he will devise some way to bring about moro care and what we may fairly call self-respect For, the deep drainage system is still distant, aud apparently impossible in existing circumstances. THE meeting last night in tho Town hall relative to municipal affairs was rather a curious one, for it seemed to be calleti for several purposes. It is usual for candidates to deliver a sort of joint and several address when polling day approaches, but last night there seemed to be two feelings at work, one in favour of a new constitution for the City Council, and the other to hear what the ola members and the new candidates had to say. The proceed I itigs were thus opened with a resolution | against plural votes, or at least so many plural votes as are now given to pro Eorty, which seemed to be intended to ring the working-men to the front. It was said that the landlords al ways oppose Erogress and require to be pushed on y the working-men, and a very full programme waa set forth of what should bo done in the way of electric lighting, taking over the tramways, and tho opening of markets. It appeared to bo thought that what Birmingham, Glasgow, Manchester, and other large cities can do we can do hore, which happens to bo an agreeable, but a very palpable, delusion. As to plural voting, its justification and its extent, they are matters to bo discussed nt, another time, but we submit for til« com>ideru, tion of those who care- to consider, that the ppoplu who have mainly to pay the piper should have a good deni to say1 in the setting of the tune. We have no doubt-we have said so many times-that a great deal can be dono that is not done, but we are not at all sure that much is going to_ be done by these appeals to the working-men, who, no doubt, should have their fair share of voting power, and a fair voice in municipal affairs. If our reading serves us correctly, the many good tilings done in England and Scotland have been initiated and carried out by men of mat-!: and posi- tion, men who had a good deal to lose, and men who are natural leaders and organisers. Ability as well as public spirit is required to do any considerable public work, and that clear perception of facts which enables some men-only a few be it always borne in mind-to carry out large and complicated_ enter- prises. This is, however, a subject far too large aud important to bo dealt with at the present time, but wo may remind all who are in- , tores tod in municipal advancement that they must look to competent leaders, and trust them and support them when they are fortunate enough to find them. As for what was said about municipal affairs last night, it was but a repetition of what we have heard before, The new men, some of whom dealt with affairs in u common sense manner, naturally promised to do whatthey saw to be possible, but they perceived that there are limits to what can be done, and that it is easier to criticise than to reform. The old mem- bers submitted that they had done their best and donc a great deal, about which there is little doubt, but whether they have doue all that might have been done is another question. The impression prevails outside, at all events, that they have been urged on in spite of themselves, and we must say, certainly, in regard to sanitary matters especially, that it has been a hard struggle to get done what we now see accomplished. Who does not re- member the stolid indifference which once existed, which the Mayor declared to be all right, just as he keeps on declaring everything to_ bo all right at the present day 1 It is this patent fact which leads to the belief that a chance is required, for what has been done is but a portion, a small portion, of what can and what ought to be done: In the matter at water supply, nothing new was said, for there is nothing new to. say, but it i^ evident that this is a problem which will require very serious _ attention and the most careful consideration. The meeting was an orderly hut appreciative one, and it was not difficult to discover who were the favourites amongst the. old and the new men. CHRISTMASNoMBBit OF "THE TASMANIAN MAIL.-Tho attention of agents is' direeted to an advertisement appearing in another olumn as to sending their instructions at onoe to tho office for a supply of copies of the Christmas number of The Tasmanian Mail. Intimatiou is also given that copies »ill be posted to any uddress on receipt of the uBUal prioe of the paper, together with tho postage. t-'ERiNQ BAV DISASTER RELIEF FUND.-We ?hull be glud to acknowledge receipt of any sums which may be sent to tho Commercial Manager of this office iu uid of the nbov>. The following amounts have been root-ived : Total previously acknowledged, £89 14s. Od. Additional donations-W. 1. Brownell, £1 ; C. H. Grant, £1 Is. KINGBOROUGH rlLEOTORATB.- Dr. Pi. L. Crowther nutiiies to the electora of King- borough that he again intends to seek their BUtfrages. WKST HOBART SANITARY ASSOCIATION. A meeting of ttio west Hobart Sauitary and Improvement AerociatUn is to bo held at the Lansdowne crescent Institute this evening, when Mr. 0. Korr will address the meeting on municipal mutt'rp. NEW NORFOLK RATEPAYERS' MEETING. Captain Sydney E. Underwood is desirous of stating that what he said, or intended to say, at this meeting, held on Saturday last, was not that the cleaning of the pipes would not cost more than £200, but that the cleaning of the pipes would cost about £50 trien- nially ; £200 is the amount he considers as sufficient to do such work as will give double the supply of water at present enjoyed. CASCADE BREWERY.-At a meeting of the director« of the i'usesde brewery yesterday morning Mr. O. P. Fitzgerald was appointed a director in the room . f the late Mr. J. W. Syine. The Bon, C. H Grant was elected as chairman of the board. EKULISII JUDIIES. - While all of our looal lawyers are oonvi-rsant with tho notable judgments given in the High Courts of Justice in thu Old Country, to few of them, probably, are the faces of the learned judges familiar. In the course of a week or two, however, they will be afforded an opportunity of becoming better acquainted with the features of 'hese legal luminaries, fur the Tasmanian Judges' Associate, Mr. Geo. Browne, has j,ist had the photographs of the Lord Chili Justice, and the Judges of the Queen's Bcnoh, Common Pleas and Exohequer division of the High Court of Justice-, 1890, mounted and framed by Mesar». J. Walch A Sons in « neat nak and gilt frame for presentation to Chief Justice air Lambert Dobson, In whose Chambers the collection Will be hung. Mr. Browne iuteuds to supplement this gift hy photo- graphs of the Lords Justices of Appeal and tho Judges of the Chancery Divisiou of the High Court of Justion as a companion picture. FAKMISO OPÉRATIONS ATTIIK CHARITABLE INSTITUTION.-The following is the estimate of the Superintendent of the New Town Charitable Institution ( VI r. Geo. Rlohnrdson) of the area in cultivation, and ni produce on the Derwent-p»rk und Government Frfrm :-Derwent park-Capo barley. 3 acres, 30 buahels to thr acre ; English barley, 3 acres, u failure; wheat, 22 acres, l8 bushels to tho acre ; benns, 4 acres, 25 bushels ; puas, 8 acres, 30 bushels ; oatB, 1 ucrc, l8 bushels ; potatoes, 5 acres, 4 tons to the acre ; hay, 9 aares, 12 tons ia all. Govern- ment Farm-Wheat, 7 aores, 22 bimble; hay, 14 acres, 25 tons In all ; mangolds, 4 aores, estimates cannot be made &t; present The above is exclusive of rye, maize, and green stuff growing for food. BEST & Co.,tho Popular Drapers, Clothiers and Tailors, will not bo closed This Wednes- day Afternoon and Evening, but remain open until 9 o'clock, and close on Thursday Afternoon for cricket match, Australian XI v. Tasmania. ENGLISH MAILS -The homeward bound RnKli.h .nails which left Tasmania on the 'nd uli orrived in London on the 7th iuat, per ft M L Marailia They were due on the lOlh iden) VITAL STATISTICS - The tJovornmont Statistician s report on vital statistics of the colony shows that during the month of November D6 births-47 malos and 40 femalts-were registered ia tho registration districts of Hobart and Launceston ibis ia 38 less than in the corresponding month last year, and a decrease ot 52 2 as com purai with tho avoraga of the births registered in November during the last five yearly period lo every 1,000 of the population ot tho two districts the pro portions of births nyistorcd were as lollow -For Hobart, 2 d6, for Launceston 100 , all, 2 21 Deaths -Tho deaths regis ored lu November, in Hobart an 1 l-aunte« ton, numbered 62-44 malos and l8 females 19 deaths, or 10 04 per cent of the whole, took place in public institutions Tho total number of iloaths registered in tho two district« during November, 1890, is 7 moro than the corresponding month last year and shows a decrease of 28 2 as compared with tho average number of deaths regis tori-d in November during the last five yearly period To every 1 000 of the population of tho respective divisions the proportions c1 I deaths registered were as follow :-Hobart, 1 -1» ; Launceston, '81 ; all, 1 '04. The deaths nedor five years of agenumbcrod 12, or 19 30 per cent., of which 9 were under 1 year of ago ; the deaths between 5 and C5 years of age numbered 28, or 45'17 per cent.; and the deaths US years and upwards numbered 22, or 35 47 per cent. In tho country districts tho returns are :-Births : North-Eastern, males, 32 ; femaloe, 32 ; North-Westoi ii, 41-33; Midlands, 39 30 ; South-Eastern, 24-2(J; South- Wostern. 7-6. Total for all country distrlots, 143 males and 127 females. Total, 270, or 2'63 per 1,000 of the population. The total in November, 1894, was 268, and in November, 1895,263. '1 he deaths wera: North-Hastorn Males, 8 ; females, 8 ; North-Western, 10 8 ; Midland, 6-2 ; South-Eastern, 6-0 ; South-Western, 2-0. Totals for all oountrj distriota were-Males, '32 ; females, 24 ; total, 66, or '£5 per 1,000 persons. The total in November, 1894, was 08, and in November, 1895, 77. CITY POLICE ConrtT.-Messrs. T. Bennison snd J. W. Johnson, Js.P., presided yesterday. John Strahan was lined 5»., or 7 days, for disturbing the peaoo in Murray street on the 7th inst. Annie Simmon", convicted of being drunk and incapable iu Collins-street on tho 8th inst., was dis- charged with a caution. Annie Mcquade, for a like off-nce, was fined 5a., or 7 days. Menzies J. Kennedy, for a breach of the bicycle regulations, by neglecting to sound an alarm to warn people of his approach, was similarly dealt with. The Bench said the by-law was passed for the protection of pedestrians and the cyclists themselves. The dangerous practice of riding at a high speed through the streets was becoming far too prevalent, and must be put a stop to. When riding along the streets cyclists should not go at the rate ot more than six miles per hour, and when turning the corner not more than four miles. Mary Ann Mason, for using indecent language, was fined 5'., ooiti remitted. TASMANIAN SOCIETY «TOR THE BLIND - The usual monthly oominittee meetiug was held at Crouch's rooms, Collins-street, last evening. There was a good attendance. Mr. A. A. Stephens, of Queen's College, sent a cheque for £4 4'., coltootod by his pupils in aid of tho society. A vote of thinks was passed. It was propnsod to make a start an soon as potsible wi;h u small shop and premisos where the blind oould learn in- dustries and make mata and baskets for salo, caning chain, eto. The agents monthly report was given io, and some am ill accounts were parsed for payment. UNITED ANCIENT ORDER OF DRUIDS - The hulf-vea'rly meeting of the Fern Bower Lrdge. 281, was held at their lodgoroom, Wo king Men's Club, on Munday ovening, 7(h inst., P.A. Bro. J. Wllmottin tho chair. The auditors (O.P. Uro. Gibbons and Bro. Sheehan) reported having audited the books and vouchers, and found them perfectly oorreot, and oomplimnntsd tho secretary (Bro. A. M. Hayton) on the way in whioh he had onrried out his duties. The balance-sheet showed a substantial inoreaaeforlho half-year, notwithstanding tho amount paid for sick benefits beiog exceptionally large. At 0.30 the Worthy D P. (Bro. F. Gibbons), aooom paniod by P.A. Bro. Montagu Hunty, ar- rived, and instalUd the following officers in their respootive chairs for tho ensuing year: A.D., Bro. J. T. Tegg; V.A. Bro.G.H.Cowlcs; secretary, Bro. A. M. Hnvton (re-elootod) j O.G., Bro. P.a. George Henry i R.H.A.M., Bro. J. Moran; L.H.A.B., Bro. P.,A. J. Armstrong; R.tf. V.A.B., Bro. ß. J. Soott. Fast Arch Bro. M. J. Cahill then installed D.P. Bro. F. Gibbons as treasurer to tho Lodge. A framed i\ A. diploma was ordered to be presented to P.A. Bro. Armstrong on next lodgo night, and a hearty vate of thanks recorded for tho efficient way in whioh he had oarried out his duties. A vote of thanks was ptesod to D.P. Bro. F. Gibbons and P.A. Bro. M. Henry for the efficient manner in which they had installed the officers. Bro, J. Moran was elected representative to the United Friendly Sooioties Dispensary, and O.P. Bro. F. Gibbons representative to the Grand L'dgo. After tho nowly-olected officers bad returned thanks the Lodge closed at 10.30 p.m. Ask yonr Grooar for WOOD'S AUSTRAL- ASIAN SELF-RAISING FLOUR. Tako no other: ALL SAINTS' Cnont CONCERT.-A very enjoyable auueert was given in All Saints' schoolroom lust evening, under tho manage- ment of Mr. T. J. Haywood, the proceeds being in aid of the choir fund. The room and platform were prettily decorattd with flags and pot plants, und the piano used vas a particularly fine instrument from Messrs. Walch & Sons' showroom. There was a good audience, inoluding Lady Fysh, Mrs. Henry Dobson, and Mr. Justice Adam*. Some excellently rendered selections wore given by the Bellerive Band, who are rapidly oiiming to the front under Mr. W. Tennyson Bates' able conductorship. Thoir iteres were a vulso, operatic selection and " Gavotte," all of which weroe very effectively played. Miss Millie Watchorn sang " A song of May;" with refine- ment and good expression, and later in the evening joined with Mr. T. G. Lovett in a very pretty duet from the opera Marjorie. Miss PouIett- Harris's song "Love's Good- night," with violin obbligato by Miss Lily Poulett-Harris, and piano accompaniment by Miss Violet Poulett-Harris, was an artistic performance, and won well-deserved applause. Miss R. P. Sinclair's singing of the difficult aria "O Mio Fernando "' was au unqualified suooess; in response to nn encore she snug "Listening." MisaSophi« Diiwson'a rioh contralto voice was heard to gnod advantage in " Kathleen Mavourneen." Miss Octavia Susman once more dolighted her hearers with a recital of "Nothing to wear," whioh was given ia her usual gracefully artistic munner, aud some brilliant -pianoforte muBio was given by »dina Kemp and Mr. T. J. Haywood, u solo each and a duat. Mr. T. G. Lovett's song, .' O'er the strait," was effectively giveu, enenred, and pirtly repeated. Miss B. Stuart, who possesses a ooatralto voiaa of very unod quality and compass, Dang " The flight of ages " exceedingly well. Mr. F. A. Kirkup gave the popular " Bid mn to love " with good effect, and Mr, and Mr?. K. S. Millee sang " Queen of thu earth " and Packer's " Lullaby," respectively. WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISIHO FLOUR. Made only from the Finest Parts of Wheat Sold everywhere. MUSICAL EXTRAVAOANZA.- A crowded houso witnessed the performince of a musical ex'tiavaganza entitled Dr Whachem's School at the St. John's Schoolroom, Goulburn street, last evening. The entertainment was in aid of the ohoir fund. It was bright and sparkling from sturt to tiniah, the boya acquitting themselves admirably, and to the satisfaction alike of the audienco and their energetic oonduotor, Mr. F. A. Pitman, who had spared neither time nor trouble in training tbem, and who also was the author of the extravaganza. The StraussOroheatra, under the conduotorship of Mr. T. Hopkins, rendered two items, and helped to maka the entertainment a success. Mr. Vi. Mulcahy aoted aa pianist during the evening, and Mr. Zellie Lindley, as hon. seoretary, oarried ont his do ties faithfully. Theatage arrange menta were In the hands of Messrs. Tibbs and Howard, who spent" no little time in preparations. For good trade Grocers should keep only WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISINO FLOOR. «' MARLESS GHOST " - Mr. Davenport Hoggins will give a reoitation of " Marley's Ghost," from Dickens' . Christmas Carol," in the Temperance-hall on the 17th inst., iii aid of the Weslcyan diamond anniversary building fund. Limelight illustrations and j effeots will be oontribnted by Mr. Nat I Oldham. , " , " , WANTED KNOWN Hay's Cough Balsam is Bent Cure for Coughs and Colin. Obtainable Davie, Apothecaries' Hall, Sandy Buy. GKEAT BOOT SALE.-Visitors from the country should not forgot that J. N. Pooi/s Great Boot Sale is now going on, and will bo continued during the month. Goods sent by Rail free of charge to any Railway Station in Tasmania. In our advertising columns will be found price list of Colonial Goods. I Small prouts and quick returns. Cash only, I POOL'S Boot Palace, 91, Liverpool-street, I also at 148, Liverpool-street. | 