" IN THE DROVING DAYS." People attracted by the "strange invit ing" of the life, and who are apt to over look the hardships ono is liable to en counter "in the droving days," will be interested to hear something of the experiences, of Mr, J'. C, Clarke, who was in charge of the the mob of 550 cattle among which there was such heavy mortality on the long track of about CIO miles from Warrinda to Hergott Springs, where at present the' drought fiend holds his sway, Mr. Clarke says the track is very bad all the way, not a bit of _ feed, aud that dead rabbits are to be met with in hundreds. The last 320 miles is in a deplor able state. Thcro is one stage of 110 miles without water for cattle, and it was while travelling over this from the Seven Sandhills to Cooper's Creek that the cattle succumbed. Nearly 400 were lost. Mr. Clarko sayB:—" A t the Mulgrannie well, situated about seventy miles from the Seven Sandhills, there is a small supply of water, but it i3 very salt, and it is impossible to water a large mob. There is another well, about twenty miles from there, called Mulca, but it is impossible to water eight head of horses there. I could not get a drink for the two we were riding. Four miles further on is 'New Well.' There is good water here, but tbere is no supply at all, and it is perfectly useless for cattle. About 9 o'clock one morning when we wero close to the Muloa well we steadied thecattle with the idea of giving them a few minutes' spell. We saw a terrible duststorra coming up against us in the dis tance, and about ten minutes afterwards wc were literally blinded. It lasted from then tills o'clock that night, and we could not see fifty yards in front of us. The heat was intense, and a frightfully hot wind pro vailed, It took us about an hour and half to get the cattle over a little sandhill just off the road. We let thorn spread about in the few bushes there were, but within a couple of hours Mi) wero dead, and they died on from 10.30 a.m. till 8 o'clock that night. From the time the storm oame on us until daylight next morning wo only travelled three miles. Next day saw something similar. The heat was terrible, aud the beasts died in eights and tens from there till we reached the Cooper. In addition to the 81 which wo got to Hergott we left 47 alive, unable to travel, at Cooper's Creek, while 23 wero allowed to remain at the Seven Sandhills on account of showing signs of poisoning. Four died from poison, so of tho 549 which crossed the border 398 gave up the ghost, and it was an awful sight to sco them struggling between life and death." "Tho route must be in a shocking state?" " My God," answered tho man from the bottom of his heart, "they want rubbing up about that road, it is in a frightful state. 1 have been knocking about all my life, but I reckon this tho hardest time I ever had. Why, I was nearly dead myself." 