/DOBEEN. The Story of a Singer. BY EDNA LYALL. (All Eights Keseiived.) CHAPTER VII. (Continued.) 'Havo you no friondn to Lolp you?' lie asked, looL'ig r,t tho girlish profile beaido him, rnd snGrvelliug how, with auoU a load of c^uo, oho endured lifo at all. ' Oh yea,' ropliecl Doreon brightly, ' Not rich friondo, but very pood onec. My un^lp, Mr. Gorth, haa a post at thy Britioh Musoura, asd the houno in Bor nard Street ia his own property, ao that ho ran at any rato put a roof ovor our hoada; and tkon there is father's friend . and executor, Donal Moor*', — ho would toke good caro thc.t wo did not actually etarvo. And porhaps the greatest help of all io a moDt quaint American woman who crossed over in the sauio steam-r with us. Her namo ia IL'garMuehmore. She grow 80 fond of uo all, and specially of tho babv, that whon my mothes died eho offered to stay with ua for a year without thinking o£ wages, I don't know how tho children ?would ha^e fared without her.1 The relief of having a good talk with any contemporary wna so groat tLat tho walk from the Museum to - New Bond Street seemed far too short At the door of Fro en' a office she paused to take leave of Max, but he was not so easily , dismissed. , I Lot me atjany rato hear the result,' he pleaded. ' If the news is good, you will want some one to share it -with ; » and if bad^ why them, perhaps, nil tho more you will havo eomo use for rno.' She laughed, and onterod the office With t' o mmi- paper hnpo which hat so oftou boen doomed to biti:s disappoint meat. I 1 eupposo you have nothoci'd of any thing yot?' oho suid wistfully, to the brisk Mr. Froen. * I was ]uot about to- writa to you,' he said. ''It io not much of an engage ment. You muot not raiso your expecta tions j- but Warren, tiro tenor, who is arranging tho music for one of the city *- dinners tho dav after to-morrow, has jnai been in to inquire for come one to C fill the place of Miaa Latouoho, who is euddenly indioposod. Tho fee for your ' oerviceo would be three guineas. . I should adviso you to accept it/ - ' * ' Why, yeR, to b^ surf,' said Doroen, smiling. ? I would sing in the street if anyone promised mo three guineas.' ', ' The agent smiled. ' Oh, jou will get on ; you have a car ' * eer before you, and spirit enough to win ^ through the p'ru^gle.' ♦ So every one tells me,' said Doreen, with a little 'iph. 'I hope it is true. ' What shall I have to oing ? ' [\ -The solo in 'God eave the Queen/ 'the soprano pnrt in the Graco, — here is * ? j a copy which Mr. Warren left for you.— i I ' and two other songs, whatever you vour / Dolf prefer. Mr. Warron will be here at i twelve o'olock to-morrow to hear you \ I, sing through your part.' '' ^ In the highest spirits Doreen quitted i tho office, and Max Hereford, by the jierest glance at her facf.-^new that one * tad heard of work. ?' i ,- 'And wheio aro you to make your \ first appoaranoo ? ' he inquired, as they , walked back togother to l}.ernar-d- Street. ''„ ' ' i 'You will nevor guess,' she said laugh , l ing. ' Not as you piodioted at St. Jujhob' ? H≪, before a crowded and appreciative J' '' ( gathering, but just to a lot of city dig ^ nitarieo, after they have been feasting 1 ^ on turtlo coup.' ' ' No ! ' he said, in deep disgust. ' You ' '?? purely aro not going to do. that?' 1 Why, yeia', I am,' she said. ' Who ( am I to pick and choose, — I, who havo four ohildron to support ! Oh, I daro say you know a groat deal about temper ance, but you know just nothing &t; all about poverty. It io ~a highly respoot ablo dinner at tho Groo.er's Hall, und the groat contralto, Madame St. Pierre, is tho star of the evening. I shall bo just a nobody ; you room to think I am doing thoni an honour in going at all i ' 'So you aro,' he -muttered, looking positively out of tomper. » I hope thoy jpay you veil.' ' Oh, the dignitaries havo nothing to do with the music ; all that is managed by Mr. Warren. I forget whether ho is ono of St. Paul's choir or Westminster Abbey ; it's ono or tho other. Ho will give mo throe guineas, I am so glad it is guineas, not pounds. The three shil lings will pay tho agent's foo, and tho sovereigns can all go to tho children. Why do you look sc grave? Aro you nn happy to think that you will never know tho bliaa of earning money which jou roally need ?' ' I am af?!iid I grudgo you* to tho aldormen,' no uaid, his oyea resting ten derly on her bright face, juofc for a minute. ' For E3j part, I think thoy are a very good old institution,' oho said gaily. ' Aod think how in^sprcoaibly funny it will bo to sing the Grr.oo r.7hon wo havo had just no dinner at all ! ' ' You can think of your guineas,' said Max, laughing. ' What otho? songs shall you sing.? ' 1 1 wish you would come homo and heli- mo to ilecido,' said Doroon. ' I ohould like very much to introduce you to my aunt.' Mus (vaa not slow to avail himself of tho oupg.iution ; for Doroon fascinated him, and' ho reoos-nisod the same curi ounly winsome nature that hadoogroat ly taken hia fancy yoar3 ago. Since thon, ho had been courted and made much of by dozono of far prottior, far richer, far better-dressod girls, but to nono of them had his heart responded in tho samo way..; Doreen, with her vcry ing Isiok nature, now sod, now gay, and invariably warm-hearted and courageous fairly bowitohsd him. Mrs. .Garth Boomed a little startled whon hernoice appeared in tho drawing room with Max in attendancs ; howover, ehe quickly realised thct to a girl brought up in America oil Boomed na tural enough, and then, moreover, this hamipome Mr. Hereford was an old friond and had known hor ars a child; Sho had not talked with Him for ton minutos boforo oho was fully satisfied that ho y/33 just the ooit o£ a man her sister would havo approved of. To gether thoy discussed the important question of what songs 3lit-uld ba sung, and Aunt Garth havingcounselled eomo thing tolerably well known, Mas turned over the songs in the portfolio, till ho came to Bish&p;'o 5-.Tell me my Heart,' and/protested' that itwao precisely the aongtosuit the audience, who would be' sure to like what they remembered in the'.days of their youth. He was in tensely eager to know how Doreon'a voice had developed, and his i'ac9, as she sang tho aohg, was a study. Was it, Mra. Garth wondered, merely admiration of her singing, which brought the. glow to his cheeks and the light to, his eyes, or was it somo deeper feeling? The great charm of Doreen' a Voice lay in its mel low sweetness ; she had no very great compasn, but her notes had that purity whirvh. one heara now aad then in the voice of a boy, while ohe had gained from her woman's heritage of pain and sorrow a depth, of expression to which no boy ohoristor could possibly attain. ' That' is perfect,' said Mas, at the close. 1 1 was afraid that you wore going to make the remark; that I am wearyof hearing,' said Doreen, laughing. ' Every one suys * Ah, what a great career you havo before you!' and tko wrotched taing will not begin,' 'It io to begin tho day after tomor row,' said Max; ' and you must certain ly give them something Irish.' . ' The Minstrel Boy, perhaps,' sho said. ' It ouuriit to be something familiar, — ? something to which they will wag their feat in timo, you know, -which io always a Boothing sensation, and conducive to applause at the end.' Mrs. Garth, left them for a while, and Doreen eagerly ayailod herself of the chance of asking a question which had juotoocurred to her. 4 There is one tiling I have boen long ing to know all those years,' she said ; 'have you. heard anything more about tha search for Lord Byfiold'a agent ? or has it now passed out of memory ?' 'I havo heard nothing more of it nin co wo loft Ireland,' said Max ; ' tho nfftvir caused ^roatcomcaotion just at tho timo, and every effort was made to got oomo clue to the mystery ; but it has fairly baiflod thorn all.' ? Do you remoiaber,' oaid Doroon with i a shudder, ? how they said his wife had vowed she would never rest until sho had brought someone to the gallows f or it ? ' ? Yes, poor creature ;? I heard that hor griof had taken tho form of a thirst for vengeano?, but tho eocrot has boon faithfully kept, you see, and sho is baffled.1 ' What became of Mr. Desmond ? ' ♦ I have lost sight of him. Ho reco vered from his attack of brain fever, or insanity, — for undoubtedly it amounted to that, — and whilo I was nt Oxford I saw him onco or twice ; thea ho wont abroad, and for tholaut five years I hr.vo boon unable to loarn his whoronbouta.' ' Do you know,' said Doroon musingly ? Sinco I havo grown oldor I have, oftaa thought it wao very wrong of him to let four people bind themselves by such an oath. You v?ould never have dono aucli a thing, — you would havo gone straight to tho neareot magistrate and told tho wholo truth ; that it was juet a quarrel and that tho provocation had boon in tenao ; and you would have gone to pri son for manolaughtor, end borno it all noblye And thon you would hava como out again stronger than ovor to help Iroland.' 4 1 am not so ourti,' said Max ; ' your id^al is a high one. I should probably not havo done anything so heroic. As for poor, Desmond, wo must not forfjet tho state of mind ho was in, — utterly bewildered by the shock and incaptiblo of judging., .; He meant to shield my mother and Miriam from discomfort, and he sacrificed us. I have often boan miserable enough at tho thought of what^had been forced upon you.' ' When I feel very wrstchod about it all,' aaid Doreen, ' I think how it wao a littlo like Moses killing tho Egyptian and burying him in tho sand. It was tho wron« way of delivering bis coun trymen from the opproesory, and yot God lat him af torwardu become a truo deliverer. Perhaps ovon. our mistakes will teach xjs.' 'You vanet havo longed for oorao ono to &peak; to about it..' ? Yes ; I e;i.u't tall you how torriblo tho craving wan. Tlio worst of till was just before my uithsr and mother died. ' Had your fa the? any sort of guoss, do .you think, :* to tho affair? ' ' Never,' ^hf rfaid, 'Once ho asked a few questions ao to the condition of tht, tenants on Lord By field's estatey and actnolly inquired what tho misping agent wnoliko. ' But they say -overy girl with', a ..secret becomes. a good ac tress ; ; I described that dreadful face which you and I shall always be able to see, and he! knew nothing from my look or tone that I did not wish Mm to learn. I still burn; your little lamp,' she concluded, looking, with a omile into his face ; ' nothing would induce me to ba without it ; it has been my good friend all these years. The other, nisrht when Brian Osmond, -our young Irish doctor, came to see Mollie, who sleeps in. my room, he was qnite token with it, and vowed that he should got one like ib when next he goes to Ire land.' ' ? 'Who is Mr. Osmond?' -asked Max, with an unreasonable pang of joalouoy. ' Is he a friend of Mra. Garths ?' ' Yes, and of mino ; that ia, .of courso, a now friend,' she added, coloring a little, as she realised how much more Mas Hereford was to her. ' Ho was very good when the)! children were ill, and I like him ; but he is rather too grave and silent ; I take great pleasure in obliging him to laugh.' 'You leavo me jealous, both of doctors and aldermen/ said Max, rising to take leave as Mrs. Garth returned. ' I must tell my mothor that you aro in London, and if you will allow it, wo will como tha day. after the concert td inquire after you.' 'I should go muck liko to show Mrs. Hereford tho ohildron,' said Doreen; 'and Michael lies never forgotton tho corn-popping over tho fire at CaBtlo Knrey.' . . « But our kernels behaved badly, if I remombor right,' said Mas, taking a long look into the merry bluo eyes. ' Yes ; it was foretold that we should agree to part,' said Doroon, her faco as suming a comioal osproBsion of gravity, ' Good-bye.' . . ' May tho aldermen valuo thoir privi leges,' aaid Max. « I X7iah you Rood luck.' CHAPTER VIII. 'Young- hearts aro free: tho selfish world ifc ia Thnt turnn- thorn mioorly and cold an nfcono, And makes thorn clutch thoir flngara on tho bliss ' 'Which but in Riving truly ia thoir own : — Sho had no dreams of barter, asked nothin, But gava hors frcoly na cho T7ould havo thrown A rooo tohica, orao that roso Rjivoa forth Its Rt-noroua fra^ronoo, thoughtless of ita worth.' Lov/kll. Warren tho tenor Boomed greatly pleased with tho substitute tho agent nad t'ound him, and Doreon acquitted ? horoolf v/oll, ay ov^n tho unmuoicul Freon could guoao. - Hor oagernoys to do / ovoryfchin.: in tho host poooiblo way was'., eatiffactory. ' It was not overyono,' he-'. ' rcfloctcd, « who took' do much pains for a. city dinnor.' ? ' Como a littlo oavly to-.-norrow uight,' ho said, 'and wo will run through the Grace and tho national anfchom in tho ? artistes' room . with tho other part3.-; I v/ill at'l: Madamo St. Pierre to. bo kind enough to como a few minutoo before hand for your eako.' ? . Doroon could talk of -nothing else: v/hoa oho got hcaie, and tho childreu' phared in hor escitemont ;. yotwuHn tho day actually came, tho poor girl f tit sad oncugh, for the craving for her mother's. proaonco returned with ovorwholming forco, reachia^ ita height when ehe un- . folded ttio whito silk droso, embroidered with (ihatnrockn, which had boon tho j.uuu wort: mat Her mother had dons before leaving IsTaw York. Moro than ono hot tsar fellas oho put ii On, and ic was woll that Dormotand Molly came trotting: up to beg to bo her page aud hor maid ; for nothing but thoir ohild ish fjuioty and their doli-ht in the new dress could havo ohoered hor. All too ooon Htigur Muchmore camo to carry them ofl; to bed. 'Itfo much too. early/ protested Der mot, prepared to offur a stubborn re eiatanco ; ' tho clock only stroke six junt now j I seabed it.' ' That's so,' oaii Hagur quietly ; « but I ruobo you'll alwaya havo to bo in bed early fciio nights your siste? sings, for I k ust go and take care 'of hor.' ' Why ?' uoked Dermot. ' I thought grown-up people took care of their ovrn selves, and Doreen is awfully old.' This set them 'all laughing, and in her ^ heart Doresn rather wondered how Mrs. 'Muchmore xvould comport herself in the ?artistes' room. Her presence, however was decidodly comforting, when, having left; the children safely in bod, taken a hurried farewell of Aunt Garth and Michael, over their game of draughts, and of uncle Garth, buried in papvrus documents, nhe otopped forth into' tho cold night, and leaning back in the cab ? saw the gas-liS streets and the busy passengers flitting past as they rolled swiftly away to the city. Arrived at the Grocer's Hall, she. was taken up stairs to the room set apart for ttio per ?formero, and having taken Warren's in junction to come oarly in the most literaL sense, oho waited through what seomod an eternity before any one elso appeared growing moro and more nervous every minute. At last Warren himself cams in, accompanied by the pianist, who was introduced to hor; then, after an interval, a very fat, heavy baaa, with on. enormous blade board, stalked in with his music under his arm. FillallT) with a Ixttlo bua tie of arrival, whioh BGomed to betoicen hor calobrity, there entored tho -great Madflme St. Pierre, with her French maid, in ottbndaaee. Warren treated her with tlio. greatest deference, while Doreon, feoling ' horribly Toun« and inexperienced, washed the groa't lady as she was divested of a magnifi cent plush cloak, .^ordered with tho ' most costly fur, and contemplatod with awe the regal got7n of ruby velvet and .he diamonds, that flashed upoa tl10 ample white neck of tho great contral to. BGBide such asaurod grand.ur, ouch queenly compoaure, aho felt lino a wretoned little white ghost; nho wao consdous, too, of baing decidedly hun gry artor her long waiting and lior very frugal four o'clock dinnor. Hor knees .trombled bouoath her whon War ron-Baid -Miy I imroduco .jtih. ^^ O Ryan to you, Madame St. Piorr., a BEiiUTANTE fcom AmerioB, and a pujui'of ixataonow e. ' * (TO BE CONTINUED). 