AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. Loorrmour.] WHO IS lHE? OR rhe Indian Mahatma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OFTHE Natural & Supernatural, TO . F 11.Er"ETI IIAr ILTO.L Ir.D., F.E.C.S. ATLCE f.ULTON's AmnntIAGE. So the eve of my wedding-d?y arrived, and I sought my own dear haunt by the river whcre so many maiden hourshadbleen +ase?l in childhood delight in the more fact of liv ing, sought this time with a sore and re bellious heart. I sat gazing at the swift flowing river thinking how clear and calan the dtp:hs looked, and how sweet a rest I shouldC find there were it not for the pa:lin it would cause my dearest mother, also faintly the sense of wrong with which one regards the wrenching aside the awful veil of the future life. No, no, I thought, I am young and strong; other worntna have borne, I will bear; other women have conquere, I will conquer. Alh, perchance the Mighaty Creator will use me as an instrument to soften his nature and to curb and aove this evil man. Truly that will be something to lirve for something to wait and hope for. M.other says happiness is not the end of life, nor is it given to the greatest, the purest, or the holiest tohave had a ihppy life. What am I that I should demand it ? I will be brave and take what iha een force on me in the1 erotwasy c an, anld God will help me. Ba;t,- ohit i. hard not to havean rap of love even to begin with; and womanly tears began to flow ?when " AliCe. Alice !" called out my future owner. and forthwith my sacred place waso invaded to mry conternatio:a. IIe laud evidetly iten drinkilng, hbut not sutlicientir to rub off all the reneer with whiclah he hail overlaif his real character dur tug the last three weeks. ieo approached quietly and aittenmptedto throw his arm about my waist, but I emlledthe familiarity. ".%Cice, dear," said he, "to-morrow will sre the consummation of our happiness. Do xou anticipate it :a I do, I wonder. Of ursrn vyol know I nam not a saint; but, at :nIv rate. ther nre sinner= as bad a; Inam." I r:plied as kindly as I could that there were plenty of men who could hardly be rc garded _; saints, though I had had very lithle experience of mcei either saints or Finners. This rather tickl l his farey, and he told me with a laugh that his experience of the other sex was a little more extensive than mine was of his. " I have no deubt," lie rontisnwel, "that yom and I shall jog alo:g as comfnrtbhly as other married folk. We s.ha!ll ilh have to give and take, but if you don'tlook too losely at my faulta-I suppose I have them like other people-I'll pro:nise not to hunt out rours. Taking everything into account it isi O sensible way to commence married life. I don't think I have gained what people talk so much about-your woman'sl heart--lit, at all events, Im siure of your woman's fidelity. Is there no chance of gaining anything more than that, Alice dearr" he whispered, and again attempted to come closer to me. What was it that held me back thena Perhaps it was wilfulness. Perhaps it was a pity that I wash ieid back? Pcrhiape--hbut -n There was no responee in my heart to his soft, arhispered words, and I had notlearned to bhe ,. hypocrite. I was silent. The man then showed his real character. He got up from wherehe had thrown him self bymy side, and, with a course laugh, said: " All right, my bonnie wife, that is to be; any innings will come some time or or other. N'ow, I will leave yon to your reveries." Had I done right? that was the question. I had seriously debated whether at the last moment I should not defy consequences and refuse 'to sacrifice myself. Now, I had thrown down the glove perhaps prematurely. It was a difficult position for a young and inexperienced girl, and I thought myself un generous. Want of generosity, I think, is not a failing of mine, and the feeling that I had treated badly the man who had a right, perhaps, to expect some return to his ad vances, did much to reconcile me to the ordeal of the morrow. I remained a long time alone with my own thoughts after he had gone. The troubles of my past life-short as it was---crowded on my memory, but the future had little of pro mise. .Was it always to be like this? Was life nothing but a wearisome change from bad to worse P Where were the recom It wasa wearied woman, no longer a light hearted girl, who retraced weary steps to the house that night, baring buried all the girlish hopes and longings in a grave by the river the river, my childish play-mate, my girl hoods' friend-the laughing, smiling river. M[any a sad day e'er I saw my river again, and how changeds then was I from the girl who said a sad farewell on her wedding eve! Yet all through the river flowed on and on un changed. Not to linger over this wrenching asunde of home ties, the fatefal-day saw me th e of George Barton, but pale, heart-stricken, still brave formy own mother's sake. She, dear soul, in silver grey and dainty lace, looking fragile and sad, and my grim father with his blustering waysand loud voice S"Now then, Agnes, no whsimpering. Mrs. Barton -wants something to eat, so lead the way with the parson and the jolly young people can follow whilst I bring up the rear, oh, parson?. Iknow you're hunery-look it, poor devil. Eh-what! don't know the devil! Well, mydear sir, I do; met him in India here he took the name of Nana Sahib and disappeared in brimstone and blue blazes." By Joie, it's a fact, sir. Saw him him myaelf--in fact was drinking brandy pawnee." So he rattled on in his usual overbearing style in great good humor at having gained his point,'for we were to live for a time at least on an esmaie he had- rentiy'purchased in Ahkroa. Wewentover to Melbourne for a month, and returned to take my mother with us for a visit to New Zealand. . .The ' umonths that followfedwere indeed delightful, as my. darling mother remained the whole of that time quietly with me in lovely Akaroa before my father saw fit to re llheir hbme in such a peremptory tyle that there was no eluding the command. Long before this George had thrown aside the slight reserve that he assumed during the first months of our married life and showed more of that reckless disrc-:nrd of all and everyone save himself that afterwards ruined ndt only ourmarried life but also every chance of his own life; and the parting with my motherwas in cousequena? full of bitterness .to her, for the absolute knowledge that she 'left the one dearest on earth to her in the car. of a man who regarded all women as merly the slavish creatures created for the ,anwemnnt and use of man, The day before me:ser receivel the lette rom father, as we rtarnedi from a sail in the harbor, (George hal purchased a yacht the irst thing after we came to our own home) and were walking quickly over the lawn n front of the drawing-room windows, a dark, swarthy man peered out of the lilac bashes on my right hand, and, walking or rather gliding swiftly up to my mother, said : "limr halband, madam, requires you." "Ieowe" said she in astonishment. "I know," he replied, with a singu lar smile. "I know, as I know many things--and more-I know that he will shortly meet his fate. Should I tell youn? A dlreadful fate it wiil be, but he brought it on himself. It is Karma, and that no one can avoid. Just as the tiny stone thrown into the immensity of the ocean sends a thrill throughout all its measureless volmne, act ing on every land, and perhaps re-acting throughout the whole universe; so our every action, however trivial we may suppose it to be, has its defined consneqences and resulto. Ilis acts, you know, have not been those the consequences of which he could anticipato without apprehension." " What do you mean?" said poor mother, with mingled fear and perplexity. lBut he was silent-only the same smile re nmained on his calm, unmoved face. "Mlan, man! Who are you!" I cried, "daring to terrify one so frail as my mother. You cannot know. We do not live in the days of prophlsy and witchcraft I" "Nay, fair lily, not so fast; you have yourclf the gift of prophesy, the gift of clairvoyanee and the gifts that belong to witches I shall bestow on you if you will. I have the power, and moro than that look steadlfitly at me till I leave you." So saylng he waved his hands twice over my head and I became rigid and intent, iwhen, marvellous to state, I saw only a cloud of white vapor, which seemed slowly to glide before this dread man, with his piering eyes, and when in a few seconds it had cleared away, he, too, had disappeared although all aronnditswasbright sunlight and the smooth expanse of the lawn which no one could cross withoutbeing seen by both of us. So we stared into each other's faces, half dead-with-fear;-the- air-wa se?ddlenlysflled with theosomonl of iaughte?, nd a -voie-from beside is exclaimed " Daughter of earth, the Indian holds many secrets in his breast, the result of many lives ; and the astral body is not as the earthly body. Seek for yourself the knowledgo of which I speak." Fainter and fainter the concluding sen tences, and in a few minutes allwasstill. Too terrified to speak, we grasped hands and fled through the drawing-room window. " Hallo !" said George from wher lie hewa lying stretched full length on the sofa. "Hlallo, what the deuce is up now? You women look as if you'd seen Lady Macbeth': own special ghost." " Oh, George, such a dreadful man in the garden- an Inldian-and I believe he's the same who came to our house in Tasmania the year poor Will ran off to Melbourne;" and thereupon began a duet between my mother and me as wo tried to relate the wonderful thine to Georcr. ie sat un and said : "?'iew. By Jingo, the sano old card who old me I should soon be his, though how I cannot say. Certainly he's a rum specimen ugh! (looking round) I feel as if the beiga.r was here now." A soft siglh from the corner by the piano nade us all three turn towards that part of woom, when a sardonic laugh and " Good- night, my friends, remember the magic of India is not dead or impotent so long as her sons live on the face of the earth. Rest. I go now. When next I come you will know more. Good-night." For once George threw his arm around me n a kindly way. " Awful, old girl, isn'tit? Ifthatfellow's not the devil himself he is his chief officer. NTo wonder you both look scared. By Jove, I'll have to take a glass of brandy myself be foreI-get-etho-sound ofit outof-my-canr.'- After this mother was in a continual fright :nd worry, so obeyed my father's summons home all the more readily, for she was a woman whose watch-word was "duty," and well did she carry it out to the end. Two years passed over in utter misery and eonstant humiliation for me. Drinking, wearing, gambling, racing-fast in every way, George led the life he loved best, and soon got through what money he had from his father. Often after a few weeks spent in Auckland or Dunedin he would come home brin.ing a troop of men and fast women and order me to be civil and entertain them well. Lothing my work I was forced to be coldly polite to people whom I despised and detested, brought, as they were, by my own husband to my own home. Reasoning and expostulation he never listened to. "Madam, am I master here or not? Ido as Ilife, and the sooner you know it the better--no matter what you think. Who cares? Get out if it doesn't please you!!' Awful is this all is, iasyRa timie had-I to sully my cars listening to what was a thou sand degrees worse, or to put up with his equally degrading caresses when he was pleased to be in what he called " the deunee of a good temper;" but I could generally, I found by this time, getrid of him by writing a cheque and persuading him (not much per suasion needed) to go and enjoy the races or any other festivity of which I chanced to hear, and then a few days or perhaps weeks helped me to bear a lifo almost unbearable and growing daily worse. - This spring a hope came to me that before long a swect wee form world lio in my arms; little arms would twins round my neck and soft wee lips be pressed to mine. Oh, holiest joy of motherhood! how wonderful thou art! What can compare with thee! Thus the Catholic church makes the mother- heart of rMry-tlhefount-ofall-love and pity, for-she knew the joys "and trials of a woman. Yet even this did not soften George, and his treatment of me became more and more brutal. Well do I remember his cruel hands wrenching my hair, his blows, curses andevenkieks. Some sixwecksbeforothebirth of my child I was very ill and had tocallin the doctor, whose kind care got me round and whose sympathetin .voice and kindly ad vice were tome at that time and indeed ever since the oreatest comfort I : knew-the only friend whom I dared trust with all the humiliating bitterness of my life. At last my baby came--a crown of joy and delight. How I loved my sweet one. How I crushed his wee form against my heart in apasion of thanksgivin'g to God for so won derful a gift. Iknew my little one's thouglht \--his want-eren before he was conscious of them himself, and for him I inado a stand, that- allois property should not be spent in riotous living. Let me pass by that scene. My boy was but a few months old when Ins father in sulted. me and him with the last outrage, which a woman has to endure on earth; but there his power exceeded its limit. I simply walkedtomyroom,and,taking mychild in my arms, bade the nurse follow me to the prin cipal hotelin Akaroa since the polluted house was no longer fit for my babe and me. A fortnightlater George succeeded in forc ing an interviewon me, when he demanded a large sum of money at once, threatening to kill me if I did not consent to give him what would ruin my child. Fortunately, Dr. Clarke was within hearing, having called to ascertain if he could serve mein any matter. He came when I called, and George imme diately and blankly consented to leave for Melbourne at once on the receipt of a cheque for L1,000, which I gave him. "Good-bye, George," I said, holding out ny hand. "Things might have been dif. ferent if you had so willed. I have been a good and faithful wife, and I do not forget you are the father of my boy. God grant you mny grow tired of evil and come home to us atlast. Good-bye." ie turned and scowled, but never a word. HIence forward my life ran smoothly. I lad a few friends-my books, my piano, my paint-box, and last and chiefest joy of all I had my blessed boy. His sweet voice clerred no; for him I grew merry again; for himn I sang and danced over the hlouse enal lp eal down the garden paths. I was his ce::i panion and playmate; his friend and advlisr, ater on, and he- Al, he was my inmro::t joy! Infinitely more precious than smy own ifo was this one which drew all its life from ine, which was so f.sc:inatir- in I.s :linging, helpless dependence on ac-- iy;, I :ould not have lived had it not ber for lthe infinite delight and care my boy was to $o God gives us women mother-hb^rtli, ,i:-l n the experienceo thus painsed teaches ies Ii:l great truths and lesona and dralwa u.s ev:r up ward and onwa:rl tow.nrds that sp:riL:rd life which so nearly surrounds us. I tr:ed to learn all I colld of that lifc so that I mi.sht bo the more fittie to leid anit teach myr sonc in all goodness, purity and holiness, an.1 so the time pass^don. My mother was now living with sme. Dear soul, she had gene thi?neelh much. A few months after my Geoffry was born my fathelr disappeared in a most uncanny way. I had been on a visit to Tasmania and was there at the time. An Indian hawker came one day and my father lifted his whip to strike him for daring to pester the htosos with his wares, when the Indian lifted his hand and uttered a sentence in a foreign lansgtge. My father looked scared and turned away with a curse, and for several days afterwards walked about' looking half dazed,spoke gently evenlovingly to my mother, and one day, after kissing her gently on the cheek, saying: "Lie down and rest, Agnes wifie, while I go out with the dogs for a bit." He went out, and though search was made far and near no one has ever heardof orseen! him since. After waiting for nearly a year, hoping against hope, mother came over tome andmy?a y_ and _on llathoe_hoaeholds in -aroa- ouru-waas-I aseurw, -she-most happy and restful, save when the memoryof the ln dian's awful and mysterious words or the faint echo of theill-doings of the scape-grace husband are wafted to us; no cloud dimmed our sky ; all was peaceful and calm, and I wondered and wondered how any woman could every deem the love of a man of any consequence, especially whenshe has so sweet a gift as a little Heaven-sentrsouLwitkhits snowy purity to love and to train. So ends the first part of my story, com mon-place enough. Hundreds of girls marry without loving men whom they loathe in the ntimacy of daily life; hundreds of wives are ill treated; hundreds deserted; hundreds have haby boys or girls to love, and the conunon, every-day lot of womankind comes to them and is a crown of joy or a crown of thorns, and no one cares, for women bhear and suffer n silence-their time isnotyet. I have said little about anything but the cireumstances more intimately connected with my own life. I have said nothing of 'he death of the old man, Barton, who, long before his death, recognised how lase andl cruel his son was and what a wretched sacri fice had been made of me. Tihe old mn died in my arms, blessing me as his only comfort for years, and his last words were a whispered prayer for forgiveness. He had that for giveness, and he knew that it was from my heart. I have said little of my poor brother who ran the race of wickedness and brought sor rownasl disgroco on us all. Sorrow anddis grace are not subjects we love to dwell on, and if they have to be painted it is not by the hand of one that has to bear the load. MIy share of sorrow was great, but the dis-race was not mine, though I shared in it. What a different worldwould it be if we were made responsible forthe deeds-of-our-own-hand alone i CHAPTER X. oCcE COTaIeUES sEn nAInarEve. The years glided quietly by; little or no thing occurred to disturb the even tenor of our way. Then my sweet mother went to her rest and her home, but she promised me she would always guard and wateh over her child, which I know she does. Life became quieter, and would have been for me infinitely lonely and sad had it not been for my bright boy, Geoffry, now twelve years old; so thoughtful and companionable; so strong and so merry, and not the smallest of his virtues in his mother's eyes-the fact of his entire devotion to that mother. Boat ing, cricketing-whatever the amusement or study it was with his mother as his com panion. Often I. wondered at my sense of freedom;, and I-thought-that-the 4ong-ago comrade of my own childish days was again with me. My poor brother Will-no doubt dead long since in Victoria. I never could trace him, and of late I did not stir in the matter \--selfishly,perhaps, fearing tohearof George, my husband. Dr. Clarke, my very good friend and adviser, made inquiries quietly for me once or twice, but nothin, came of it. "Let sleeping does lie," is a favorite phrase of the good doctor's, and maybe the inquiries were somewhat slack. I had crossed the ominous thirty boundary when the whole of my life umderwent a most thrilling change. It occurred in this wise: We had returned from a visit to Clristchurch and had brought a younr friend of GCoffry's to spend a few weeks with us. Geoffry come to me one day with a request that Ishould go up±Lth mountainLona emmping cexcurc.ion. while he and his friend hunted all the wihld things they could see. I could not arcmage it, notfeeling well, and forsome time refused him, but he coaxed and petted me till at last Igave way against myown juilgnnent as Dr. Clark, his general companion, was unable to go with him on account of the expected ar. rival of a friend from the old country. " Good-bye, mother sweetest. I won't camp this time. We will wait till you come h ome-nothing perfectwithout you. I shall be home at eight to tea." "Good-bye, my son of sons. Lettico will make your favorite cakes," I gaily answered my brirht-facedladl. Alas ! gazing casually out of the window up the mountain path about five o'clock I was startled at seeing a queer littlo procession slowly mnaking its way down : first my boy's friend, Harry Halcomb, then two men carry ing someone, followed by my boy's great dog, Bruno, with drooping head and tail. " Heavens, my boy is dead!" I screamed and flewup the path to meet thein. Harry ran on. "Dear Mrs. Barton, Geoff. is hurt, but not dead," he called out. "Thank God!" I cried, my hands holding my heart tight. "Mother darling, don't cry. I'll soon be all right," whispered Geoff. as I took his hand and bent over him. " Hosh, my child; do not speak. Mother will take care of you." Twice he fainted with agony before we got him undressed and laid in my largest room, for his leg was badly broken in two places andthepain was inteh?e. Senrvants had gone flying for Dr. Clarke, and in a short time I heard somo one come into the room where I was kneeling holding my darling's hands. W, H, 6 (TOn q:muID.) 