GERALDTON. (From Our Own Correspondent.) His Lordship Dr. Gibney, accompanied by the Rev. Father Brereton, left Gerald - ton en route for Yalgoo on Tuesday morn ing. Ac this place two of the nursing sisters of the Order of St. John of God are temnovurilv established. The Bishon will probably proceed to Cue, and on his return to Geraldton, if convenient, take part in the opening ceremony of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society. , A deputation, consisting of Messrs. P Stone, H. Critch, S. Cleary, and E. V. Bainbriok (secretary H.A.C.B.S.), waited 011 His Lordship on Sunday afternoon, request ing the Bishop to give an address to the proposed members relating to the Hiberuia 1; Society. His Lordship, in reply, congratu lated the Catholic men of Geraldton 011 the steps they had taken in establishing a branch of the said society, in which they had his hearty concurrence, ami, he wished them every' success, He regretted that at present time would not permit hiiu to fulfil their desire, but on his return from the Murchison goldfields he would en deavour to malce it convenient to giy i them the desired gdiD'opri. fverai ofclym items of interest were then discussed, after which the deputation thanked His Lord ship and withdrew. | Ills Iprdship the Bishop, in proposing a toast at tlje recent regent reception, im- parted some hints tq the Cafchqliqs present, to provide more suitable quarters for thy Presentation Nuns than those thoy have at present. Til0 gQfid sisteps have these ipany yeqrs hPe)l subjected tq many dis comforts, and as they have been increasing their present staff, and there has been a , marked increase in the numbor of scholar.-, it is high time that the very necessary ac commodation should be provided for them, The Catholic body of Gerald t-op iffUs!- vkHhk fchpir Bisliqp in chqqslp snpli a yalpuiiiji amf centpaf block qf lppd as that which they now possess, which was subsequently made more valuable by qn additional piqi of land, willed to the- Bishop yf l/crfh by the late Father IJolivRfiy. Tlic Oatholieq should willingly cooperate in turning these to the best account, ' Three Masses were celebrated on Sunday last, the first two at the Convent Chapel. The first Mass was said by the Rev. Fr. ! Brereton, the second was offered up by His Lordship the Bishop of Perth, and the third at Francis Xavier's Church by the Rev. Fr. Treacy. This was a Missa Cantata, jtlie choir being in excellent voice. His Lordship occupied the pulpit, taking his text from the Gospel of the day : " Because thou hast seen Me, Thomas, thou hast be lieved; blessed are they that have not Seen, and have believed." The sermon was listened to by a large and attentive congregation. At the evening service His Lordship again occupied the pulpit, taking for his text: "Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive, they are for given them." After an able discourse, the Benediction of the Holy Sacrament was given. At all services there were unusually large attendances. 1 