NEWS OP THE WOKLD. j There are mor> than 500.000 telephones in ase in the United States, andtbej are used about 2,000.000 times daily. Annie Dwyer, wbo lias hmn charged in London with baby farming has twice tried toetrangle herself with a bootlace. He body ot a child about three weeks old has teen. fonnd in the Parliament Honse reserve, Melfcmirne. The <3iar is deeply distressed at the terrible accident on Friday during? the festivities in honor of his coronation, when thn food booths were rushed. A ghost has been caught at Woodeide, acd a man named Rudd has been fined 10s. and costs, -£4 58. in all, for his nocturnal rambling-. Dr. Freda Gamble, one of the newlv appointed women surgeons at the Mel bourne Hospital, is one of the tallest girls in Melbourne and one of the strongest. French paupers are provided for to a great extent by the funds arisinfffrom the ten percent, tax on theatre tickets. This tax averages JE2,600,00C a year. England now has the spy mania. Three Hussian naval officers have been fined $50 each for trespassing on the Hong Kong fortifications and making sketches. In California, the great centre in America of the fmit preserving industry, it has Iteen fonnd that peach stones burn as well as the best coal, and give out more heat in proportion to weight. Very fertile regions continue to be res cued every year in the neighborhood of Venice a3id South Venetia from the swamp of the lagoons. The land is generally drained by steam power. A WONDERFUL LABORATORY Is the stomach; how essential to health is the perfect performance of various pro cesses ! When it is interrupted, use Wolfe's Schnapps. The Argentine Republic is going to send a team ot polo-players to England next summer, and much interest is expressed to eee' their ponies, which are said to com prise specimens of every kind bred in South America. Five young women converts were bap tised in a creek at Richmond, Kentucky, the other day, with four inches of snow on the ground, several inches of ice on the shoal waters of) the creek, and the temperature considerably below freezing. Before the 30-knot torpedo boat des troyers have been tested, the British Admiralty is demanding a speed of 33 knots in the contracts for the latest vessels <if that class. The horse power needed will be almost double that of the 27-knot class. Sir. J. J. East, of Hannan's Great Boulder Mine, says " From the exploitation of a space four miles in length and one mile broad at Kalgoorlie the actual subscribed capital exceeds -£1.00!) per acre." The Belgium Chamber of Deputies is going to insist on all packages of tinned horseflesh being branded as snch. Last y-*ar 6,0 X) horses were imported from Eng land for canning down. The real sold mines at Coolgardie are the pubs. An -£s 10s. hogshead of beer wh^n retailed returns .£18! In one hotel on the day of the Tailway opening £623 was taken over the bar, and the average daily takings reach i23(K\; Premier Kingston has been lecturing on ** Smoking." He said hie was not a smoker, but" in the earlier periods of his history he made'a variety of attempts in connection with smoking, which were by no means a success, and of which he entertained the most painful recollections." The share boom ip at h greaifc height in Adelaide, and is breaking the record. The business on Saturday has been described as stupendous. A meeting of the Stock Exchange on that day lasted from 10 a.m to 3 p.m. A feast to 400,000peasants was given on Friday at Moscow in honor of the Czar's coronation. The people were afraid that the provisions were insufficient, and a mad rush was made for the booths. About 2,d"C people were killed, women and children being trampled under foot. Hundreds were injured. -A girl, 11 years of age. was choked at Port Adelaide on Saturday. She was playing with a " squeaking Jenny," a toy consisting of a bladder attached to a piece of wood, in her mouth, when she somehow got the instrument into her throat. A doctor,'who was near at hand went, to her assistance, but his services were too late. A deputation of wives of Sydney unem ployed waited on the Premier on Monday morning, askinethat work should be im mediately provided for their husbands, and that in the meantime some relief should be given to the distressed- families. Mr. Reid said he was pushing on public works for the unemployed, and would give imme diate assistance to the families in distress. Mr. Arthur Balfour seems to have bad luck with bis bicycle. He recently appeared in the House of Commons with his right arm in a sling and a "much shaken" appearance, having collided with a brewer's waggon. A short while ago be was knocked oat on the Old Kent road by a baker's cart, and during winter he was upset in White chapel and taken home in a cab. A year ago a bullock died at Cranbonrne. Victoria (says a telegram m the Barrier Miner). A swarm of bees have since made their hive in the skeleton, and a large quantity of honey has been taken. A similar incident is recorded in the Jfible in tbe 14t!> chapter of the Book of Judges, where it is related that the bees built their .hive in I ho carcase of the lion slain by Sam son. Mr. Edward J. Power, of Richmond, heard a bnrglar rater hie front window on Monday night and gave chase. The bur glar did not exhaust himself, but simply turned, drew a revolver, and said, " Go home J" Mr. Power went, the burg-lar fol lowing just to see him home safe. Evi dently Mr. Power recognised that argu ment- would be wasted on an armed bur glar. A Paris correspondent writes:—" A rare, but thoroughly well-authenicated, pheno menon is announced. Madame Leger, wife of a resident of Blanzy, near Aut-un, is the mother of child of the female sex, with two perfect heads and one body. The infant has excellent health and every chance of living. A strange feature of the case is that the parish priest has been ordered by ecclesiastical authority to per form a double ceremony of baptism." A man named Maire, who was recently sentenced to two years' imprisonment for cutting off the lobes of the ears of three or four boy6, applied to the Chamber of Criminal Appeal, Paris, for a reduction of the sentence, on the ground of its excessive severity. The court, however, not only refused to reduce the sentence, but increased it from two to five years, the maximum penalty allowed for an offence of this character. Princess Beglarian, of Armenia, is de voting herself at the present time to giv ing medical advice and attention to the patients in her immediate neighborhood. She is quite young and most beautiful. Studied medicine at Berne and practiced in the cholera, hospital in Russia. She has a large practice now, sometimes receiving as many as seventy patients at a time. Plans are being prepared for the erection of a hospital on her father's estate, over which the Princess will have absolute con trol. A French engineer, ML dHumy, claims to have discovered a method of converting petroleum into solid cakes, very slow ot combustion, perfectly smokeless, giving out an immense heat, and making only two or three per cent, of ashes. Its cost does not exceed 40s. per ton, and one ton is said to be equal, for steam-Generating purposes, to 30 tons of coal. With 1,000 tons of this fuel on board, a man-of-war will be ahle to make a voyage round the world without the necessity of calling at any coaling station. The most remarkable canal in the world is the one between Worsley and St. Helens, in the North of England. Iti is 6 miles long, and underground from end to end. In Lancashire the coal mines are very extensive, half the country being undermined. Many years ago the mana gers of the Duke of Bridgeport's estate thought they could save money by trans porting the coal underground instead of on the surface; therefore, the canal was constructed, and the mines connected and drained at the same time. The Ice Palace at Leadville, a mining centre in Colorado, in the most extraordi nary building of the kind ever erected. It is made solely ot blocks ot ice, save for a, wooden inside framework, covers nearly three acres of ground, and has lofty fmvwr and elaborate ornamentations, like an old Norman castle. It cost .£5,000 to build, and took 200 men, working in day and night shifts, four weeks to finish. Inside there is a great hall, with a floor surface of IS™*)-square feet, and numerous room?. ?Totl ing like it has been seen, even in Russia, oefore, and people are going from all parts of the state to take part in the carnival in it. In the. United States no effort whatever is made to control the quality of butter ex ported or to grade it, consequently in the competition among exporters the quality of butter has declined badly. Fourteen v«ar I ago America exported over twenty-three million pounds, and in 1895 that quantity had fallen to less than one million pounds. In Australia, particularly in New Zealand, where every effort is made by proner offi cial grading to keen nr> the "standard, the quality has risen till the product competes successfully with the beat- article in the British market, and the quantity exported goes up by bounds every year. An Ontario farmer gives the Fanner's Advo cate the advantage of his 14-veal's* experi ence in use of silage as a stock fodder. He. had during that, time used silage for fat tening steers and milch cows. Steers red on silasre hay and grain when, liut two ■vears oW weighed 1.4fOTlh. or l,r>00!b., bnt as the price of fat stock decline'?, lie gnve np fattening for export and devoted his whole attention to feeding cows. He milked 60 cows all the year around, and | got an average of 1,500 lb. of milk per day. some cows coming in fresh and others going out dry. He grew 1.000 tons of sil age on SO acres of land ; it cost <50c. p°r ton to grow {including seed) and 40c. to harvest, making the cost Idol, per ton in silo. The silage was made from maize I The church of St. Martin, at Oxford, generally known as " Curfax." where for nearly 900 years the City "Fathers have worshipped, and where 290 years ago Shakepeare stood god-father to Sir William Davenant-, has h«f*n finally abandoned. In a tew weeks all but the tower will have been swept aw. to accommodate the ever increasing traffic at. that central point or the city where its four main streets meet. St. Martin's, which is to the city what St. Mary » is to the TTniversit-v, is older than | the University itself. Tradition, rightly or wrongly, ascril>es its foun latino to Edward the Elder. It is a fact thatCanut". in 1034, presented the edifice to Si ward. Abbot of Abingdon. Lord Londonderry, before eloping the Sainton colliery works near Durham, vVeh lie leases from the oee'epi^ctv.nl com missioners, had a frank explanation with the miners. He brought out his books, show ing that in 1895 he had lost £.! .vOiM hy workin<r the pit1-". In 18S7 the colleries just paid ; it wis then an eleven.hour pit. while unw it isa ten-hour pit. It cost then 4«. 5fd. in wages to mine a ton of coal, "■vhile noiv the cost is fis. 6d. per t«'in. On the amount turned out the difference is £lfi,000, whi<-h is practically the amount of the annual loss. He is notricli enough to lose <7.".rW> n Tejir. and has no choice but. j to close the pits, unless the men choose to | work for wng"s that will enable their i employer to live. ! 