Stems of Jnteresfcj An oIeatrio swingat, the. Wor!<ra Fair carries twenty-fobr persons, nnd swings a 1 distance of 900 feet. A'new paying mnterinl " nlmost as soft as Carpet to the tread ' will bo weloomed in the noisy Loudon streets. Such a one exists consisting of blocks of granulated cork and1 bitumen compressed.- , j The games of dominoes, ohess, trictrac, baccarat, and lnnsquenot, have come from China and aro very old, running baok two or three thousand years n.o. The vnlue of gold received nt the United States Mint last year wns £20,000,000, or £4,200,000 less than in 1801. Tlie purohaBeS of silver by the sumo institution was 64,129,727oz. Sinco 1873 no less -than 488, 10&,529oz. have been purchased by the United Stntos Govoramont at a cost op £96,000,000.' A man weighs less at noon nnd midriighb than nt sunrise or sunset, at the time of new moon,'nnd full moon, owing to tho moon's and sun's attraction then acting together. In fact ho is subject to tho same force whioh causos tho tides. In 1875 tho City of Richmond's time from Livorpool to New York wns 7 days 19 hours 46 minutes. This record wns bont-en recently by nearly two days by tho Campania. Pointers wore introduced into this country from Spain in the middle of the last century. The not of " pointing " on the game being sconted lmd at first to be carefully taUght, but has now become instinctivo. A block of zino seven fnot long, six fesb wido, and four feet thick, and weighing 14;000 pounds, is being sent from Arkansas to tho World's Fair. The block is merely a lump broken off a solid mass of thlrteeon and a quarter million pounds. Tho pulse of a newborn infant beats 130 - or 140 a minute ; of a man from 21 to 60, 70 or 76 a minute ; in old ago, between 75 and 85. Scorpions are eo numorons in tho city of Durango, Mexico, tlmt tho municipal autho rities have offered a prize to tbe person who kills the lnrgost number. In general, tho city pays 80 cents a hundred for those killed and 80,000 wore destroyed last year. Tho licensed hunters lmvo tho right to enter private houses and search for thein. The vnriety which abounds is the Gentrurua vitlqlua ' tho commonest scorpion in .the States, whore it flourishes from Mexico to North Carolina. Many of tho PittBburg glass companies nro placing plants in position to make gas, the natural gas supply having given out. Tho objeot is to avoid going baok to solid fuel, i The Post Office last year delivered: 1,767.500,00(1 letters, 241,600,000 past-cards 495,300,000 book packets, 162,800,000 news- papors, and 49,378,365 pnrcels. An ingenious American claims to have in vented nn engino tlmt will propel a vessel of 5,000 tons at 35 miles nn hour. The, motive power is obtained from— sugar audi oh lorn to of potash. | Foxes are numerous in districts aronndi the Cumberland Mountains andso rapsoious thnt the shepherds of Buttermore have been; burning lamps in the fields at night to scare! them, and oven then many lambs have been snatched up. All the foxhounds of the mountain districts havebeonoutdoingtlieir. best to destroy the vermin, and the Bunco-, thro pack killed the forty-third fox a fern days ago. A wonderful freak of nature in the vege table kingdom may be observed a short dis tance east of Ashburnham, Massachusetts. A tree, about the size of a large apple- tree has a limb about 18m. or 20in. in diameter. Persona have dug down and found but one root underneath, but it has two kinds of foliage, that of a pine and that of an oak. In the fall of tbe years burrs fall on one side and acorns on the other. In Vienna, Austria, has been opened a postage-stamp museum, ware more tbnn 100,000 stamps may be ssen arrangod in three large rooms. Among the rare speci mens are the stamps used in the balloon andt pigeon despatches of the Franco-German War in 1870-71. , A bar of iron worth a sovereign, worked into horse-shoos, is worth £2 ; made ' into needles it is worth £70 ; made into penknife- blades it is worth £657 ; made into balancer Bprings of watches it is worth £50,000, American invention annihilates time. -Raw whisky, it is affirmed, eon becoverted into whisky twenty years old by a briel process, which cools the liquid to about 70deg. below zero, and passes a current of eleotricity through the alcoholia solution. A horse can livo25 days without solid food; moroly drinking water ; seventeen days without either eating or drinking ; andonlj five days when eating solid food and not drinking, says an experienced horseman Seafish and shellfish are hatahed artifici ally on an enormous scale in Norway and North ' America. The Newfoundland hatchery turning out in one year fifteen millions of cod fry and four hundred millions of young lobsters. The largest lathe in the world has been constructed by Messrs. W. Sellers and Co., for the NavalGunnhopnt Washington, U.S.A. It weighs 500,0001bs., and is 133ft. in longth Its. greatest height is 12(t., its greatest width 10ft. 6in., and its boring eapaoity I6in The new lathe is capable of turning out guns with a 16in.-bore, more than one. third as big again as the- guns now in use. One of the most ancient landmarks of England is Farnham Castle, the home of the Bishop of Winchester. It first beoame a fortress in the troublous times of Henry, do Bloia, who was brother to King Stephen , and Bishop of Winchester, It was taken in 1216 by Louis the Dauphin, but reoapturod and restored tothesee in 1218. InHonrylll's reign it was partly destroyed, though soon afterwards rebuilt. Coleridge was not only a fair naturalist, but even an astronomer. The star in the dark inside of tlie rim of the orescent moon, whioh has So often puzzled readers of the "Anoient Mariner," is an actual pheno menon. On clear evenings, when the moan is in her first quarter, a bright star-like spot may sometimes be seen in the shadowed dieo, at some distance from the bright crescent. It probably is. however, not a star, bat tbe light of the tan reflected from " some lofty lunar peak. . There are still natives in tho Melaneslan Islands who remember when a white man was first seen and what he was taken to bev When Bishop Patterson landed at Mots, for instance, he entered an empty house; the owner of whioh hod lately died. Thla settled the. question : he was the ghost , of. the late householder. Tho visitor, especially - if he Is a whaler, is. soon disoovereaby bin . behaviour not to be a ghost, bnt he cannot - be a living man, lor in that care he would be block ; he is, therefore, probably a mlschie- yens spirit, bringing disease and disaster. " I wondor if thst iaeheeb msaio she U playing !" T M wLy t" ' " Well, it sesmato foil qn, like. 