THE MASTER CRAFTSMAN. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY SIR'.WALTER BESANT, M.A., Author of "All Sorts and Conditions of Men," " Hcrr Paulue," " The World Went Vary Wall Then," "In Deacon's Orders," tee. ALL RIGnTS. RESERVED. . Chapter XXL (continued). I think, not being a oritio, that Robert, like Mr. Gladstone, possossod tho wonderful gift, of being able to invest tbo baldsst foots and tho most intricate figures with interest and charm. Like a novclist. he mado thom pcrsonal. Ho connsotad figures with men, and brought facts into touch with humanity. And this ho did, as it seemed, spontaneously, without affort or' any appearance of lecturing. In the House of Com- mons a man must notbe a Icoturcr, but an orator. TheleoturerisaeccssarUy a critic or atcaehcr. As lecturer, withont Imagination, he explains care fully how tho orator," the poet, the novoHst, the dramatist produoes his effeots. He knows cx- aotly, and can tell all tho world how it is dono —tho triok of it. Yet ho cannot produce the thing himself. Tboraforo ho is of no uso in the Hons. The orator, poet, dramatist, novelist, on tho other hand, produces thoso effeots con- tinunllv. Ynt hn cannot foil vnu how lin dop It. Robert, then, had this gift of making things attractive. Ho spoko for an honr or moro. Th mombers remained in respectful silence until h worked tb.m up Into produoing their signs of approbation, of whioh the House is never chary whoa it is moved. Whan bo sat down it was with tho pleasing oonseiouansss that ho had at least mado tho Honso for tha second timo ask wbothor thoy. bad actually got another coming man. Tho spsach in faot produced a vory marked impres sion. Some of the papers quoted it, and mado it the snbjeet of leaders. A few days afterwards he. spoko agaih, and again as a man of personal oxporionoe as a Master Craftsman. His experiences Wero interesting and effcotlve. And a third time, and a fourth, hat always when ho had some thing to say that ought to be said. Lady Frances gnvo a dinner party— a political dinner — at which some of tho heads of tho Party wsro proscnt. And she. invited Robert. Among ber gncsts was old Lord Oaerleon, to whom he had already been introduced. It was a large party, and Robert's pl.ee was down below among the yonngor men, who wore oivil to him. Bat, of course, in tho conversation it was impossible for him not to feel that ho was an outsidsr. After dinnor, however, Lord Osorlcon again talked with him apart. He talked as ono who knows the gamo, and as ono who has played it, and now looked on rather tired of it, "I havo read your Spcoohcs, Mr. Burnikol," ho said, much as a sohoolmastor may speak of a boy's sst of vorsts. "As reported, they were fair. I am told that they produced— ah I some effect upon tho Honso. It is said that you have a good delivery and a good voice. Is that so?" " It is so," said Robert, calmly. "I havo a good voice, by nature ; and a good delivory, by art." "Yes." LordCaorison looked just a littlo astonished at a young man who thus immo destly elaimed these giftB.' " A good voico is a great thing. Yon hare begun well, Mr. Burni kol. But a good boginning, in tho House, counts for nothing. The Houso is filled, to me, with the ghosts of men who, in my recollcotion, made a good beginning." "I hava mado a good beginning, Lord Csor- leon ; and, with your permission, I intend not to beoomo a ghost at all." "Vory good. Vory good, indeed. But, Mr. Bnrniket, how ar you going to gat on? Permit me— I understand for soma mysterious reasons of your own you still wish to be considered an Independent member. You told m so, if I remember rightly, in this houso two or-three weeks ago." " That ia so, I am returned by my con stituents as an Indopandent member." " I don't think it matters muoh what thoy think. Bat I supposo yon talked tho usual stuff —Toting to ordor, no conscience, changing opinions and the rest of it." " All the rost of it," said Robert, qniotly. "Of eourse yon did. No\v than, Mr. Bnrnikel, let as go into the question of Party for a few minutes— not th wholo quostion of Party, on whioh you hnvo read— or ought .to hava read— your constitutional history — but that part of tho question that affeots you per sonally." "You do mo groat honor." , " I talk to you, sir, btoause I think that you may possibly — I don't know — turn out an ac quisition to oither party. Otherwise, of course, ons cannot at my age, and with my oxpcrieaoe, pretend to take the least interest in the average member. I take tho personal side, then. You propose, I believs, to make a career in politics." "1 do." " Lady Francos tolls mo— you told me so your self, if I remember rightly — that yon aro extremely ambitious. I' am pleased to hear it. VTeli, you oannot be too ambitious. Nothing docs a young man so much good. It is impos sible to bo too ambitious. It was my own great happiness, for example, to be born with enormous ambitions; whioh have been gratified, yet not oatiated— not satiated. Get mo a ohatr ; I think I will sit down. So— thank you. Ambition, " ho went on, " tho desire for per sonal distinction— is one of the finest gifts that a boy can receive. I always had it. You would, I daresay, if wo wsro to compare symp toms, and if you were disseoted, prcsont ths same phonomona. Therefore you may suppose that what yon woroasaboy that I was too— with such diffcrenees as tha aeoidonts of birth, and perhaps position, may hava caused. For your eneouragomont, sir, I will, tell you that my riso in tho Houso was not due to any family influonoo. I was the son of a oountry clergy man, and, like your cousin, Sir Goorgo — an excellent young man if b possessed any ambition— th grandson of a judge. Thero was vory little monoy in tho family ; bat onough for mo to get - into the - bouse And my highest umbitloos have bean gratified, bat not satiatod. Bolievo me, Bir, the ambitious man enjoys tha winning of every atep — ono after th other; ha ib novor satiated ; ho can never say onough.' " "Wall, sir," said Robert, "yon have never had oecasion to regret having embarked upon this splendid career." " Certainly not. If I woro to be offered tho ehoioe onoe again I would choose tils samo oareer." " You have led thoHouse,"saidRobert. " You bavo been In. threo Cabinets. Yon havo hcon First Lord of tho Treasury. Well, my lord, what you desired and attained that I have tho audaoity also to desirs. Perhaps I shall attain it." " Not if you continuo in your present course. The oae condition whioh was imposed upon mo is also imposed upon you. Yon must rise in the oustomary manner by besoming a faithful ser vant of your party." "That we will see," said Robert, obstinate and inercdulous. "How then do you proposo to olimb ? My dear sir, before you rises an inaccessible pieoipioc. Thero aire oply two ladders. Would yon fly ? ". " I wish to olimb by doing good work." " My oase, too— exactly my ease. I kept on saying that while I was nt Oxford, It is rsally a vory fine thing to think, though it is n very foolish, aid, indeed, a boyish thing to say. Mr. Burnikol, yon ought to undnratand .by. this time that there is only ono possible way of climbing ; and that is, as I said, by ono of tho only two ladders. No other way exists — boliev me, young man. If thare worp any other way it woald have been found out long " Tharo was tho cast of John Bright." "He hod to join tho party, remember. John Bright was in every way exceptional ; ho wanted neither monoy, nor place, hor power, nor rank. You, I should imagine, want everything." Robert was ailont. "Bo that's settled. If you want to climb, enter by tho usual gate, and you will find the laddor waiting for you. Lot as pass on to eon ' aider tho noblo work by whioh you desiro to make a mark in history. Noblo work for a politician means groat and beneficent meas ure i. Yon, as an independent momkor, would never be ablo to pass any considerable mossure ; not any singlo measure of tho least importance. ' Why? bcoaese ail (rent measures aro adopted, as soon as it is found possiblo to piss tbom, by the Govornmont. As for moving public opinion so as to make theso measnras possiblo, that is dono by essayists, leader writers, authors, poets, dramatists, and other intelligent persons, who nowadays prevent n Minister from being original in his Ideas. You,' as an Independent mombcr, would have no cbanco nt all— not the loast ghost of a chance— oven ot introducing a hill." ' " I always.thought — — " " 'Think so no longer. Look about you, and faoc; tba facts. Thsy aro those. An Indepen dent mombor, whatever ho conld formerly accomplish, whioh wasn't muoh, will nover thoro be ablo t introduce or to psss any msnsure, good or bad ; ha oan never bccomo a leader in tho Qoueo ; he oan naver hava the lesst chance of proving himself a statesman ; all he oan hope to do is to get the Houso to listen to him, and through the House, tbo outside world ; and believe me, sir, on the most favorublo con dition possible, you will never, as an Indepen dent member, acquire half or a quarter of the influoncc over yuur oountry that iB enjoyed by an anonymous leader writer on a great daily paper." Robert made no reply. such a position gratify your ambitions ? Why, you havo just told mo what they arc. Pray, sir," Lord Oaerleon looked up sharply with his keen ayes under his shaggy oyaorows, "will this content you?" "No, it will not." " Lot us go on, thon, You have told me that you have beon plosscd, in tbo education of yonr Shadwoll constituents, to speak of party allogi anoo as a slavery, a stifling of coasoienos, a suppression of manhood, and so on. Yon did talk like this ?" > "Cortainly. It is tho only way of talking." "So you think. Now let us look at it in this way. Tbero is a party which in tbo main olings to tho old things, and only admits ohango whon new and irresistible forces command change, Thero is auothor party whioh is afweys desiring ohange bccauso they think that things might look prettier, or because things would be more logloal, or beoauce things might help the people, or thomsclvcs, by being changed. In the main, every measure belongs to one ar othor of theso parties. Is not that so?" " Perhapsl ' "Every measure whieh is brought forward by ono or other of the two sidcB has been talked about, advocated, discussed in news papers, iu magazines — everywhere— long before. It is brougiit forward nt lest when ono party has mado up its mind to support it and the othor to opposo it. Tho Hou se is divided into two camps, in whioh aro the two armies. The bill is proposed and moots it fate. All is dono in order, according to tho rules of the game. You understand?" . „ "Of course." 1 "What would you hnvo? A Houso filled with a mob of 600 undisciplined separate indi viduals—all olnmoring together — all fighting to bring forward some fad and fancy of thoir own What a House would that bo? What kind of legislation would you expect of sueh a Houbo?" Robert, at tho moment, could suggest no kind of legislation. " Suppose you think ovor tho matter from this point of viow, Mr, Bnrnikol. Construct, that is, in your imagination, tho House filled with Independent Members and ace how it will work. Oblige mo by doing this." Robert bowed gravely. " I daresay that yon have already recognised this viow of.- the question. But there arc timos when tho mind seems more eapeoially open to tho apprchanBion of plain truths. This is, perhaps, ono of thoso occasions. The very name of Lady Frances fills one with the idea of party." " I will, at least, consider yonr view," -"Well — and now, Mr. Burnikei, I want to sptnk quito plainly, and, I take it, yon aro not a man to be offended with plain spcoah. Ycry good. You ar not a rich man, Ibelieve; nor a man of-family." "I havs already told you that I am a boat- builder— a Master Craftsman, and my income is small." "I havo heard as muoh. Well, your birth and position should bo no bar to your ambitions. You have beard that I began with muoh the same disadvantage. You will very soon find your way about ; yon nro in oxoellpnt hands so long as Lady Francis takes an interest in yon ; and I hope that yon will discover, as I did, that this is the very best country in the world for a young man of ability and courage and am bition." He roso from tho ohair. "So I have said nearly nil I wished to say." " Thank you," said Robert, humbly. He was touohod by the comparison of tho man who had succsodcd with himself. " Not quite all. Some of the peoplo think that yon may possibly bo a coming man. I'm sure I don't know." Lord Caerleon, who had worked himsolf up into some eagerness, bscsme nil at once limp and tired. "There nro too many wrcoks. I havo had too many disappointments. But — I say— I don't know. Anything may hap pen. I don't think I oould have made suoh a "clover speech as yours of the other day. I don't know. Anyhow, wo nr watohing you. And — I don't know — it depends entirely on your own ability and common sense. I beliovo you may find friends aud bnokors— whon you give up nonsonse, and aro content to play tho gnmo according to tho rulc3. Good evening, Mr. Burnikol." Ho inolinod his head with dignity; tho inter view was at an ond. "I was vory glad," said Lady Francos, after this conversation, "to see Lord Oaerleon talk- ing so long and so earnestly with you'. It is a sign that .ho takes a personal interest in you. Beliovo me, Mr. Burnikol, it is a great honor to havo boen ablo to interest that old Pnrliamcn. tnry hand." "I am indeed very muoh obliged to him for tho trouble ho .tools to convert mo .to his views." "IwiU tell yon aseorct, as people always say whon thoy toll a thing that everybody knows. Lord Caorlcon osme horo thiB ovsning on purpose to moot yon und hnvo the talk with you." " Did he, roaily ?" Robert, who was not to be dazzled, blushed liko a girl. " Ho did indeed. And, Mr. Burnikol— I un- .doratand from your cousin that you nro a vory masterful man, and that you think vory muoh of your own opinion. Only — romember —you nro young— as regards politioal life. You cannot possibly know as muoh, or any thing liko as much, as Lord Gaerleou, who is 77 ; and as rogards tho House, you aro yet only a theorist, and Lord Oaorlcon has an exporionoo of 50 years. You aro a very strong man, Mr. Burnikol ; but strength wants expe rience. You must not feel shamo lit tho outset, to bo guided." Thus skilfully did this diplomatist play upon tho weakness of the strong man. Tho strongor the man tho moro this weakness may bo played upon. It is ypnr wo'akling who'haa no suoh vanity.- , " Lot us talk again about this subjeot, Mr. Burnikol. I cannot talk freely to-night. Gome to-morrow afternoon— it is not my day— and. we will consider the thing calmly and from your own porsonal point of viow. Oh ! I understand it . perfectly— bat ambition— Mr. Burnikol— ambition must usa th appointed ways. Wo belong to our own generation ; wo aro subjeot to tho conditions of our timo ; and— enfin— you must not waste what might be -and shall bo— a great career, for tho satav of- » ' vieionary scruple." Robert wont away In a thoughtful mood. Tho observations made, by the noblo lord went straight homo. If by remaining an Independent Slerabor lie obtained noither power nor place, nor oven tlio introduction of tho great, remark able, never boforo imagined, measures of whioh, in ignoranco of his powers and possibilities, ho had vaguely dreamed, lis might as well keep out of Parliament nltogothor, and go on haran. guing tho working mon of Shndwoll- The day after tho dinner. Frances wrote me a letter. "I have jnafc parted," she said. " with your remarkable eohsia. He dined with mo last night, and heard plain troths, from old Lord Oaarlaon. Ho want home staggered, and ba came this afternoon to consult with mo. Ho protested vigorously, #f course ; his prinaiplcs, his toaohlng, liis convictions, were nil against Party. As if that mattered with so young a man. Ho protested, however, too vigorously : the very strength of his protestation showed that be was weakening. Of eourse his prido, which is colossal ; and his self confidence, whioh is unbounded, prevent his giving ia with out a struggle. But he will givo in, George, he will givo in, and wo shall have, I boilero, a rcornit worth fifty of the mon that tho othor sido oan show. I have nevor seen any reason to depart from the opinion whioh I formed at tho very outset, that yonr cousin has in him, tha very highoet possibilities. "The thing whioh makes ma quite certain of hiB conversion is that, naif interest whioh in him means ambition and pride and desiro for eon- quest will be eontinually prodding and prompt ing him. It is liko tbo dropping of water upon a stone — I am sure there san be no stronger force, and it ia always in aotlon upon ovcry man. 'It is especially a characteristic of this man. Generally self interest moans money. Not so, with your cousin. Dear me! ' If we tako away self interest how many noble patriots and great and pinns parsons would bo left? "Well— it is for your oousin's interest — looked at from every point of view — that bo aboald join as— and now that ho fully understands it — and understands; as well, that he oan never get on without joining us — he awears h will never— flavor — nn»cr— 'In -n — standing "n the nnint nf honor — as ono who whilo aho swore sha'd ne'er consent, consented. Oh ! Ho will eomo in — aa soon as he ean square it with hie pride. " You sso, ho lived alone, ho road books, ho formed theories, ho did not know how things ware worked praotioally, hs did not know mon and women ; and so he got notions in his other- wiso sensible pats. He fully intended— whioh was a very nleo thing to intend — to do 'great and noble work — what kind of work that is, I cannot toll you — all by himself whioh an admiring world would bohold, and for which an admiring Premier would ladla oat rewards. And, of course, ho saw in his dreams, the Honse of Commons looking on, not with syss of envy, but of wonder and ap. plauso; and he heard tbo papers ringing wedding' bolls of praise. It Is ths one discern- iblo note of his ont of tho world upbringing and hiB solitary self-making, that ho could seriously entertain this idea, and could imagino himself mounting in this will-o'-tho wisp fashion, to tho place of First Lord of tho Treasury, and all kinds of sweet things. A most childish dream. -And yat, in its way, tho dream of a generous man. Ho who could imagino a career of thia sort cannot ba altogether a selfish man. Th lower nature, you sec, thinks of the reward first, and tho kind of work afterwards. It does not detraet from the highor nature that a man should think of his reward aftor ho has thought of his work. Otherwise h would bo more than human. So I do not blamo your cousin, but rather rs- spoct him tho more. A childish dream. I tuld him bo to-day, and I told him why. And an ignorant dream— I told him that as well. H thinks so now ; but it shamed him, just for tho moment, to confess that he has bean all wrong. A man like Robert Burnikei oannot bear to be thought ignorant. "I hat; an the table a copy of the Morning Herald, It contained a leader against him and his last speech. Quit a leader of the old stamp ; I had thought tha triok of writing suoh leading artlolaa was gone. Every sentanoc per verted ; overy phrase misinterpreted, rind made to moau something moro, something less, and something diffsront. A masterpiece of patty malignity, a leading artiele, in faot, that oannot' fail to do our friend all the good in the world. "I handed him the paper. He had not yet seen it Woll, you would hardly beliav that a real politician oould ba ao young and o foolish. Ho aotuolly flow into a rage over it; he lost, for a moment, aoinmand of himself. " ' My dear friend,' I said, ' the thing Ib so exaggerated that I thought you hnd written it yourself.' " ' Written it myself ? Myself ?' Written it yourself. Don't yon understand, Mr. Burnikei, that what the yonng politician wants is plenty of abuse from the other sido. Thero is a story of a certain aged statesman who very kindly advanoed a yonng man of the opposite bench in whom be took a fatherly interest by personally abusing him for a whole twclvo months. In three years that yonng man wna Ohancollor of tho Exohoquar. Now, if wo could only find some good man on the other side to abuso yon— it ia diffioult, but it might ba done.' " ' Riso through abuse ?' " 'Certainly, I will toll yon why. Firat, be cause it keeps psopl talking of yon, thinking offjrou, and giving yon increased importance ia the Party ; and noxt becanso the abuse is only grossly exaggerated, and people compare it with your printed utterances. If you wtrc rich enough, ypu should pay a journalist so muoh n year to abuso' you twioo a week 1' " Ha threw down the paper. ' Mean artifice !' he cried. ' Does this also belong to Party ?' " ' Yon must not take things so seriously, Mr. Burnikei, I said. ' It is true that the abuse will in the long run end in strengthening your posi. tion. As for hiring a man yon ought to under stand by this timo what we maan in earnest, and what in the language whioh we nse to aaoh other.' " ' Oh !' he cried. I am an awkward, Btupid log.' " ' Navor mind, Mr. BuruikoL You are half a nautical peraon ; you shall be tho ship's log, whioh is vory good reading, I believe. Now, lot us say- no mora ahout this artiole. You must loam to ocoopt theso thinga philosophically, Thoy are all in the dayb work. A man who wants to stand on a pinnool must oxpect to have dead oats thrown at him. Force of habit, you see, makes tho journalist who used to throw dead cats and addled eggs at the man in tha pillory now throw them at tbo man on tho pinnacle, Thoy don't hurt. That is they don't hurt tho man who bolongs to th Party ; thoy do him good ; they oaly hurt aud doiile th mau who has no Party to protect him and no friends.' " (Elovon o'olook). "I havo just opened a note from him. -Ho has joined as. Yes. Tho Independent Member has vanisbod. '"Dear Lady Frances,1 ho says, 'I havo thought ovar what you said this afternoon ; you hnvo convlncod and oonvertod me. I am now quito sure that the only .way of working the machinery of Government is by means of Party. Yon havo shown mo that I havo beon quito wrong. I shall join your Party as ono of its privato soldiers, and I shall set myself to Ioaru tho ohedieuee and dlsciplino of which yon spoke.' There,. George, I havo oonvorted him. Now it was not by my arguments at all, but by those of Lord Oaorloon that hs was oonvertod. There wero all the signs of conviction on his face last night after that con versation. I thought indeed of inviting him to sit down on th stool of ropontanc before tho world. But do you think he is enpablo of con fessing himself convorted by a man? Naver. By a woman, perhaps, although ho Is too muoh absorbed In his own ambition to think much about womon. Never by a man. I am con tented, howo'var, with my share of tho work. You mado your oousin a gentleman, my dear George. You gave h'm mannors. At first, I plainly seo, ho was probably littlo bottor than a solf- iatisfiod prig of tbo boorish sort ; a lower middle class, projndioed, book learned, ignorant prig, yet with wonderful capacities. I shall make him a modol statesman of ih modem kind. What olso oan wo, between us, do for liim?" " ' Woll, my dear Frances, I said! to myself, folding np tho letter, 'tho next thing you might do for him— if you would, just to oblige mo— is to mako him a modol husband, and so get him out of my way.' (To he continued.) 