CHURCH MEMBERSHIP. -0~ A SERMON PREACHED IN ST. PETER'S CHURCH, BOX HILL, ON SUNDAY LAST, BY REV. W. GREEN. ..Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God."- ST. John iii, 5. On former occasions I directed your attention to the errors, waste and mischief connected with the shameful and scandalous divisions existing among Christians in this colony and elsewhere, and I expressed the hope that we would not directly or indirectly encourage the perpetuation of these unhappy divisions, but try to do all in our power to bring about the purpose of Christ-that His church should be one. I also pointed out that according to the teaching of Holy Scripture, the church is a visible body, divinely instituted, both under the Jewish and Christian dispensations, and that there is no warrant for assuming that any mere human being can make a church. 'The testimony of the Word of God strongly condemns the idea of setting up a rival institution. In the early days of Christianity there were several churches in one provinoe, but they were not independent congregations, and they had the same doctrine and organisation, and the same origin. The 200 and more modern attempts to make other so-called churches, have no authority whatever in the Word of God, but are distinctly denounced as being subversive of the true principle of the church, which is not a man- made, but a divine institution-one and indivisible. It is a lamentable fact that many of these divisions had their origin in temper, pride or self- will, and owe their continuance to bigotry, jealousy and obstinacy. The true church having been founded by God, we have now to consider by what means persons are admitted into it. How are we made members of that one body of Christ--the church ? Or, what is it that makes a man a Christian; not in the sense which some people use the term, but in the bible sense ; that is, a follower of Jesus Christ, by profession an imperfect, ignorant and sinful disciple, but still a Christian. If you will search the Scriptures you will find that the only way of entrance into the church is by the sacrament of Holy Baptism. Both the writings of antiquity, and the history of the church for over 1800 years teach the same truth. To prove that this is true, let us notice a few passages of Holy Scripture bearing upon the subject. Take first the words chosen for my text. Here we have the statement of our Lord himself, declaring that '" Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the king- dom of God." Now, what other significance can be reasonably attached to the word " water " here than its natural and literal meaning ? Is it likely that our Lord would have so misled us if He intended us to under stand by it something else ? He would certainly have explained the word if He wished to convey a different idea from that which would naturally be gathered from it. Water is the out- ward and visible sign of the sacrament of initiation into the church, and the gift of the Holy Spirit is the blessing signified by the sign. With the ministration at the hands of appointed servants of God water in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, there is the promise of the impartation of the inward grace of the Holy Spirit of God. And this is the unanimous interpretation of the passage by the Greek and Roman fathers. John's baptism mentioned in the first chapter of this gospel was with water unto repentance, but the baptism of the Messiah's institution would be accompanied by the gift of the Holy Ghost as John the Baptist testified. If we look at other passages we shall find that they corroborate this statement. At the baptism of Jesus the water of Jordan was used, and at the same time there descended upon Him the Spirit of God in the form of a dove and rested upon Him. What occurred at the beginning of our Lord's ministry on earth was supple- mented at its close by a distinct command to His apostles to go and make disciples of all nations, by bap- tising them into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Those persons who were thus made disciples were, as their name implies, learners of Christi- anity; not as some persons in these days crroneously assume they be - perfect, sanctified persons. If that were the case, why do we find it stated in the next verse that Jesus gave directions to His apostles to teach the baptised to observe all things whatso- ever He had commanded them ? Again we read that St. Peter in his first sermon after the resurrection of Christ, exhorted the multitude who had assembled at Jerusalem to celebrate the feast of Pentecost to repent and be baptised in the name of Jesus Christ, and they would receive the gift of the Holy Ghost; and they that received his word were baptised, and day by day, by means of the same sacrament, there were added unto the church such as should be saved, that is, they were brought by this sacrament into a state or condition of salvation. St. Paul, writing to Titus, says that according to the mercy of God He saved us by the washing of regenera- tion, which is water of Holy Baptism, and renewing of the Holy Ghost. And just as the rite of circumcision ordained by God, admitted a Jew into membership with the Old Testament Church, so the sacrament of baptism was instituted by our Lord as the means of admission into the Christian church. But the question might be asked, does the phrase " the kingdom of God " in the text mean the Chris- tian church ? This phrase is used by St. John only in one other place--in the third verse of this chapter; but in the other gospels it is frequently met with. Sometimes it is called the kingdom of heaven, and sometimes the kingdom of Christ. Now, at Christ's first coming into the world, He announced His purpose to set up the kingdom of God. At that time there was a general cxpectation among the Jews that with the coming of the Messiah there would be the restoration of the kingdom of Israel; and so the announcement of Christ led many to believe that the kingdom which He had some to establish was the temporal one which they had long anticipated. But in this they were mistaken, for Jesus told them plainly that it was not a worldly kingdom but a heavenly one, not a temporal kingdom but a spiritual one; and that notwithstand- ing the outward subjection of the Jewish people, the kingdom was already in the midst of them, and that whosoever would, might enter into it; in fact, this kingdom was the church which He had come to establish, and over which He would reign as its Head. It began to be extended when Jesus gathered about Him a company of disciples, and having been commen- ced it would continue to grow with increasing productiveness on earth, and ultimately obtain its completion as a kingdom in glory. Our Lord's teaching concerning this kingdom or church on earth will be found in those parables which are recorded in the 18th chapter of St. Matthew's gospel. There it is represented to be a visible body, it contains a mixture of good and bad persons., it is destined to spread among all nations of the world, and there is to be a separation of the just and the unjust by Christ Himself at the judgment of the last day. The church then is the kingdom of God. and the kingdom of God is the church begun here on earth, and fully realized and perfected in the church trium- phant in heaven. Never till recent days has it been questioned that the one door of entrance into the church of Christ is by the sacrament of bap- tism which was divinely instituted. We rightly conclude, therefore, on the authority of Holy Scripture that all who have been duly baptised are members of the visible church of Christ, and those who are not baptised are not members of Christ, do not belong to His body-the church, and have no claim to be called Christians. But it must be evident that many who are admitted to membership in the church are far from realizing and acknowledging in their daily life the privileges and duties which belong to their position. Some have become disloyal members, some have yielded to vicious practices and profligate habits, some have erred from the faith in which they were once instructed, they have rejected more or less the the doctrines of our Lord and His apostles; some have caused divisions in the church, like the Corinthians did of old, and cut themselves off from the benefits of commnunion with the church ; some have joined one or other of the numerous religious denomina- tions-called churches--but started by man, without knowing, and it never occurring to them, that it might not be a branch of the true church. Still we must allow that none of these regrettable things can unchurch them. The prodigal in the parable who left his father's house and spent his sub- stance in a far country in riotous liv- ing was a son still ; and so the erring and ignorant, the careless and the mistaken, are nevertheless members of the church of Christ, although by their conduct they neglect, if they do not repudiate, their responsibilities, and put themselves outside the bene- fits and privileges of membership in the body of Christ. We have arrived then at this point-A churchman, strictly speaking, is nothing less than a Christian. and a Christian is a pro- posed follower of Christ--one who has been made a disciple of Christ, in the way which Christ appointed, the way of Holy Baptism, and has not openly and deliberately renounced his baptism --has not wilfully and publicly apostatised from Christ. Now what can I say in conclusion to help you to realise and acknowledge the duties which belong to your posi- tion ? We are still members of the church miilitant on earth, and we are reminded that our duty is to fight as faithful soldiers of the cross. We have to defend ourselves and one another from the assaults of all kinds of enemies who would destroy or weaken our faith and injure our Christian character. We have also to be aggressive Christians. We must daily try to extend our religion by every lawful and proper means. We must witness a good profession. We must endeavour to convince those we meet with, and gain disciples to the church by a consistent, upright, earnest and unselfish life, and prove the superiority of the Christian religion, which we believe to every other form of religion of philosophy or no religion in the world. And then, moreover, we are disciples of Jesus Christ. And this should remind us that we are learners still. We have yet much knowledge, wisdom and grace to acquire in school of Christ. Oppor- tunities therefore given should be carefully and diligently used, and the best made of every assistance and facility provided by the church for growing up into the likeness of our Saviour Christ. Our safety, happi- ness and usefulness depend upon the extent to which we avail ourselves of the advantages and blessings obtain- able through the channels of the church. If we duly recognise this fact, then we have the promise of God for our encouragement that our path will shine brighter and brighter unto the perfect day. 