Tbe committee of the North and West Direct Bonte Association are poshing on in a thoroughly praotical manner the work the; have taken in hand. As we have previously pointed out, bbII help is the keystone of their actions, ana to-day the business men of Lann ceston in particular, and citizens gene rally, will be given an opportunity of showing the genuineness of their advooaoj, and of sympathising in a praotioal manner with the movement. The oommittee will to- day commence a canvass for contributions, the objeet being to oollect ilou, ana tnen tne Government will be asked to subsidise the committee with a similar amount, on the pound for pound principle. Already nearly £50 has been donated, and there should not be the slightest difficulty in raising the required sum, and we think it may be anticipated that tbe Government will recognise the self-reliance displayed, and will grant the additional £150 asked for. With £300 it ia estimated that all the required information can be obtained, and a good track made on the route selected. In voting public money for sncb purposes tbe Govornment can fairly anticipate the hearty sanction of Parliament. There can be no doubt that the all-important work of making main tracks in mineral-bearing country nae iwcii tar wit uiuuu uegieui/tsu w uuc past. As we have constantly urged, the construction of each tracks would enable enormous belts of known mineral country to be prospected which can not at present be even cursorily explored in oonsequence of the dimoulty of oonveying provisions through the * dense undergrowth with which the country in question is covered. The discovery of only one dividend paying mine would more than recoup the State for all the money that has been spent during the last ten years, or will probably be expended in the next decade, on track cutting in mineral country. The present agita tion for opening tbe country lying between the settled districts and the West will prove productive of great good, even if the ultimate aim of railway communication is not obtained. There is an enormous area of mineral bearing country stretching from the extreme north to the extreme south, and running inland for a considerable distance from the western seaboard ; and much of this very promising country is practically unknown terri tory. In any other oountry or oolony except Tasmania these areas would have been traversed years ago br main trackB in all directions, and there is every reason to believe that the result would have been a great gain to tbe State, a vast increase in the amount of mineral we&lth; won, a very large augmentation of the population of the colony, and a remunerative market there found for the production of onr agricultural and pastoral centres. It is only necessary to instance one mine, Mount Bischoff, and ask the Govern ment and Parliament to consider what that mine has done for Tasmania. And away westwards there may be other Bischoffs— certainly a Mount Lyell, a Western, a Silver Qaeen, and a Her cules have already been discovered. Bat whilst & Jarsre area of country, especially about Zeehan and Dundas, has been prospected, and to a lesser extent in tbe vicinity of Mount Black, the country thus partially tested forms but a very small proportion of the several mineral belts of country which are known to exist on what is termed the West Coast, but which really embraces one-third of the entire colony, and Btretches from Wel lington in the North to Kent in tbe South. For the first time there is now on foot a movement, or, rather, several movements, throughout the colony for the exploration of this country, and the first step in the direction is the fitting out of exploration parties with the object of finding direct routes from the chief centres of population to tbe West Coast. We shall be very much disappointed, and it will be surprising, if valuable mineral discoveries are not made in consequence of this explora tion ; therefore for this, the second reason, the objects sought by the com mittee and advooateB of the North and West direct route, their efforts deserve the support of all interested. And this includes a wide range, for not only is every resident of Launoes ton interested in this work, but also every district in the Northern portion of the colony. Indeed, primarily, several of the rural districts are more directly interested in the opening of the direct communication with the WeBt than are the people of Launcagton. A Jooai market for stock and agricultural pro dace is needed, and this need will- at present be partially filled — and in the near future fully bo— by the mines of the West Coast. This is an aspect of the case which should not be over looked, and it is satisfactory to find that the subject is receiving attention throughout the Western district. Deloraine was tbe first to move in the matter, and tbe Latrobe Chamber of Commerce has taken it up in a hearty manner. The Launceston committee should take note of the spirit displayed in the rural centres, and etepB should be taken to secure the co-operation of those who are displaying enterprise in the country. As previously pointed out, the opening of direct commutii* cation with the WeBt does not affect Launceston only, it applies to the whole of the Northern centres, and tbe Laun ceston committee should stimulate and encourage the co - operation of the country districts. Meanwhile, it is to be hoped that the canvass to be com menoed to-day in the city will meet with the suooess the object deserves from all classes of the community. The necessity of hedging round the liquor traffic with special provisions to keep tbe trade within bounds has led to many experiments. Indeed, among the Anglo-Saxons in all parts of the world, special legislation and re strictions are being imposed to deal with the spread of drunkenness. From prohibition ana local option the process of restriction ranges down through the system of high licen ses, and moderate licenses, while quite recently the Gothenburg system found many adherents in England. This system, as many of our readers are aware, meanB tfiat the whole of the publio-houBes are owned bj the Muni cipal Councils, the liquor is served by the barkeepers or managers appointed by the Corporation, and all the profits are the property of that body. It is argned that the publicans having no monetary interest in the trade the regulations prohibiting the supply of persons who are under th* influence of liquor would be en forced. The Gothenburg system, how ever, has not made much headway in England, being opposed both by publicans and teetotalers, whilst the evidence of a Bpecial expert sent by Tht Times to Sweden to report on the system was certainly not of such a nature as to popularise tbe Gothenburg licensing method. In Birmingham, the model Corporation of the world, the result of an interesting experiment in the direotion of the mnnidpalisatdon of the liquor traffic has recently been ascertained after a trial of over a - year. A London paper states that tbe ex periment has been made by Mr Lees, secretary to the water department of the Birminffham Cornoration. Accord ing to the -instructions of the Corpora tion a public-house was opened in September, 1894, at Elan Village for the purpose of catering for the wants of several hundred men and their families. The rides of management were decidedly stringent, and the success of the public-house is therefore more important. The public-house is opened daily between the hours of 12 and 2 p.HL, for one and a-balf hours only, and for the whole time in the evening between 5'SO and 9 o'clock. On Sundays it remains closed all day, but on Saturdays it remains open from I 1 o'clook till 9 o'olock Women are not allowed in tbe bar at any time nnder any pretext whatever, men only over 18 yean of age bong permitted to drink in the bar. No woman nnder tbe age of Si years or boy nnder the age of 16 years is served with beer at the jug department. No person is supplied with more than one quart of liquor at the morning hour, whilst but two quarts may be consumed on the premises in the evening. Only village 1 inhabitants are allowed to freely enter the public - house, but strangers may do so with a written order, which is easily obtainable. The trade of the other public- Jiouse in the village has fallen off very con- 1 siderably since the establishment of 1 the municipal public-house, by far the greater part of the drink now con sumed in the village being purchased from the Corporation house. The net profits for the first half-year were aB high as £140, and they have since been increasing. The prefits are de voted to the maintenance of a reading and recreation room, which is distinct from the public-house, and tbis has proved to minimise the drinking — one of the principal objects of the experi ment. There are bagatelle tables and various methods of amusement to eb had, and the public-house is now said to beregardedlwith considerable friend linesB by almost every inhabitant in the village. Of course it would be al together premature to pronounce on tbe merits of the Birmingham trial on so meagre a test, but nevertheless the experiment will prove highly interest ing, and its success or failure will cer tainly have a considerable effect on the legislation to be enacted in future for restriction of the liquor traffic. This Mivxs Dbpabtubkt.— Tbe Secre tary tor Min at (Mr F. Belstead) will be at the liannoeeton Mines Office this afternoon and on Wednesday for pnblic biui&eu.; On Wednesday morning there will be a meeting of the mine manager*' board of examiners to deal with applications for cer tificates at the March examination. Mr Belstead goes to Seottsdale by the evening train on Wednesday, thence on to Gladstone on Thursday to Inspect the Mount Oameron water-race, and returns to Hobart early next week. POLICE Coubt. — Two men and one woman were fined 10s by the Poiico Magis trate yesterday for drunkenness, with the alternative ol 14 and aeven days' imprison ment respectively. Thb English Mails. — Tbe English mails, which left Tasmania on March BO, arrived In London on May 2 per B.M.B, Asstral, having been 88 days in transit. Thb Wife of Mr Leonard Wells, of East Brimfisld, Mass,, had been suffer ing from neuralgia for two days, not being ablo to -aleap or bardly keep still, I when Mr Holden, the merchant there, sent I her a bottle of Ohamberlaln's Pain Balm, ' and asked that she give Jt a thorough trial. On meeting Mr Wells the next day he was told that she was all rlgbt, the pain hart left her within two bonrs, and that the bottle of Pain Balm was worth 6dol. if it could not be bad for less. For sale by all dealets. Hatton and Laws, General Agents. Thb TBBA8DBEB.— sir Tblllp Fysh was among the lAsaengcre for Melbourne by the' s.«, Patecna yesterday. The Treasurer ta en route for Sydney, where he purposes spending a boll-lay. * The .FsBbusoH Concebt. — The name of Mr Fr^d. Ferguson has been almost a honsfe? hold trord ia musical circles In Launceston for tbe past quarter of a oentnr^. AH the leading entertainments bate been enbaaeed by his musicil voice, and at all times he has been a popular favorite on the tionoert plat» form. When it became known that ho was about to leave the oolony, a strong committee of gentlemen arranged to give him a farewell complimentary benefit as tome recompense for his past labors. Everything was satis factorily settled to make the concert as suc cessful as possible, and It passed off at the Mechanics' Institute last night, when the hall was well filled. Mr Ferguson was acoorded a most flattering rcaeptlon when he appeared to sing his firstsong, 'Booked in the Cradle of the deep.*' It was soon noticeable that bis voloe had lost none of its sweetness, and the deep, mellow tones were a treat to listen to in a . song so peculiarly fitted for his compass. As an en oo re he gave ' Tom Bowling,' playing his own aooompaniment, and this, too, was I applauded to the eoho. He appeared again I I in ' Father O'Flynn,' and also in the duet j I with Mr &. Thompson, ' Flow gently, ] Deva.'andin a final trio, *' I navigauti,' sung in company jwith Miss B. Ferguson and Mr W. W. Thornthwaite. The other per formers and their selections were niss Bataman, ' The valley by the sean and the ' Paul walte Mr 0. Balfe, a reoltation, ' The execution of Montrose Miss B. Ferguson, ' The aea hath its pearls/' with violin obligate by Miss Griffiths, and again in ' Tbe promise of life Mr W. H. Savigny, two humorous songs, ' My boy' and M Thou of my thou Mr A. J. Scott, u The whaler;' Miss Griffiths, violin solo, Biff's ' Oavatlna.' Encores were frequent throughout, and the accompaniments were played by Miss K, Bicbardson and Mr W. W . Thornthwaite, who was the hon. secre tary and musical director of the entertain ment, Patebbonia Boas Tbust.— A meeting was held at tbe Cornwall Hotel, Launceston, on Saturday. Mr Dean was unanimously re-elected chairman, and Mr Tattersall trea surer. Mr Oaswell was appointed to sign cheques, and Mr Alfred Green as solicitor — A bill of 20s for cutting out trees was con sidered excessive, and was referred to Mr Millwood. — The trust considered the sugges tions of the Government Boad Inspector with respect to the unfinished road past the selections of Carina and Dyas, on the main road between Launceston and Scottsdale, about which the landholders had petitioned the Minister of Lands. The chairman was appointed to confer with the inspector, and if necessary invite him to the next meeting. —Repairs were ordered to be effected on several parts of the roads. — Accounts to the amount of £4 6s were passed for payment. —The meeting then adjonrned to the 6tb June, Unclaimed Teleqbam. — A telegram addressed to A. Beaven awaits a claimant at the Launoeston Telegraph Office. LO.G.T.— The Hope of Launceston Lodge, No. 16, met on Friday evening. There was a large attendance of members and visitors, this lodge during the past quarter havlDg received a great addition to membership. Tbe prinolpal basin ess of the evening was .the installing of the newly-elected officers to their several appointments. The reports of the retiring officers showed the lodge to be in a sound and financial position. The in- . stallation was conducted by the G.O.T., Brother D. Storrer, assisted by Sister Feat rill, asl.M.,andthc D.I.M.:— O.T .Brother Hai- wood; Y.T. Sister Lidster, sen.; secretary, Brother W.J. Murphy; financial secretary, Brother J. E, Matthews ; treasurer, Brother Knowles ; chaplain, Brother 0. Oartledge ; marshall, Sister M'Nally, sen. ; guard, Brother T. Offer ; sentinel. Brother E. Lewis; deputy marshal, Sister M'Nally, jan.; P.O.T., Brother Darcey. Each of the newly elected officers addressed the members present. Tbb Lxobhsikq Bench.— The quarterly meeting of the jastlces forming this bench was held at the Oourt House, Patterson-street, yesterday. Present— Messrs. B. Carter (chair man), E- Wbltfeld, J. 0. O&thcart;, 8. J. Sutton, H. Weedon, and the Mayor. Arthur Applegate, trustee in the estate of Bobert Earl, was granted a license to sell liquors at the Slephant and Oastle Hotel, Wellington street. The following transfers were granted; —Wellington Hotel, Wellington-road, from William Maltman to George Buxton; Bath Arms, Dry-street, Invereak, from Wm. J. Howard to Blchard Forsyth ; Park Hotel, Invereak, from D. M'Leod to Wm. Elrfcwood, i jun. Actlng- Saperintendent Scott was present for the police, and offered no objections to the applications. Tbb Dog Killing and Snatching Epidemic.- A mystery which still remains to be solved arose at the meeting of the Oity Oonncil yesterday. Alderman Barrett called attention to what he considered a repre hensible practice wbioh was being adopted at the Depot Grounds in tbe laying ot poison for dogs. It was true that a board baa been nailed np warning the public, but Alderman Barrett seemed to think that If the owner of a valuable dog chooses -as he has a perfect right to do— to take it through the Depot Grounds, he oan hardly be expected to hang on to It by the tail to see It does not pick np a deceitfully attractive ohop. Alderman Panton had heard of several eases in point where dogs owned in the vicinity had given up the ghost mysteriously, the legitimate conclusion being arrived at that they were victims to poison, The Mayor, however, said he bad made enquiries, and foand that the board was nailed np all right, but the poison was never theTe. Now, who killed these dogs ? Two theories suggest themselves : one, that the three dogs never read that board until after they bad already been foraging In the grounds and then died of sheer fright ; or else that they were suicides, who preferred a sudden death to tbe indignities tbey were liable to at tbe dog-suaveller's hands U caught roaming at large. Academy of Music.—' Lights o' Lon I don,' always an exceedingly popnlar play when, as in the instance of Miss Eloise Juno and her oompauy, well performed, was last night again the fare provided at the Academy of Music. Miss Juno makes a perfect Mrs Jarvis, and Mies M. Norman a lovable Bess Marks, while Mr F. 0. Appleton is well at home as the hero of the drama. The cast, however, has already been referred te in the Daily Telegraph. To-night ' Cynthia' and ' The Bonnie Fishwife' will be staged, and shonld attract a good house. Fiftt Yeabb in the Minister.— The Bev. J. G. Wright, sen,, delivered his popu lar lecture, Reminiscences of Fifty Tears in the Ministry,' at the Congregational ctanrcb, Tamar-street, last evening. Mr W. Gurr presided and there was a good attendance, nut not at all commensurate with Mr Wright's entertaining lecture. He told numerooa aneodotes of hia oarly ministry in the bush, and kept his audience alternating between laughing at some amnsing story, and tears, when telling some pathetic in cident. Mr Wright mentioned that he had made it his rale that if he got 10b per week to spend 9s 9|d,and whatever ho bought to pay for at once. An address was given by the Chairman, who asked Mr 8, J. Sotton, M.H.A., to move a vote of thanks to the lecturer for his amnsing and instrnctive he hoped that they would hear Mr Wright again. Educational. — Two of Griffin's im E roved gas cracible and muffle fnroacs avc been added to the laboratory of the Tcchnicil School, in order to enable etadents to meet all tbe requirements of the South Kensington syllabus in practical | metal* lurgy and assaying. New Poblications.— 'The Newspaper Press Directory ' (O. Mitcholl and Co., Fleet- street, London), is a standard work not only for joornallsis but for advertisers in all parte of the world. The 189G edition (the fifty-first annual issue) is equal in i:vcrv reaped to its predecessors, and conuins a vast amount ofcarcfully compiled, lactdly classified, and cxoellently printed informa tion concerning the newspapers of the world And their scenes of publication. The latest pictorial is 'The Way of the Cross ; an illus trated pilgrimage from Bethlehem to Cal vary.' The first number of this exquisitely produced work (to be completed in ten parte), containing 24 views of tho Holy Laud, has boon forwarded by Mr John Filz gerald, of George-street, Launceston. TUe Auitrai Light for May contains an article on fit. Francis Zavieraad tnaeb other read able matter of inter tat to general readers. Tho current number of the Ckureh Newt is largely occupied by reports and references to the rccent Anglican Synod in Hobart. Messrs. T. Hood and Co. ssnd the Australian Journal for May. Technical School. — A meeting ot the committee of the Technical 8ohool was held tat night, Mr Peter .Barrett, M-H.A , pre* siding. Samples of woOd, sent to -the Sydney Technological Museum were acknow ledged by the secretary, and Mr Evcrshed that a promise had been made to (kohahpe similar, courtesies in regard to Tasmanian woods. Mr Oorin was appointed instructor of the electricity class On the con dition that the appointment had the consent of tho City CouoclL Applications from country people wishing to foln a day ckss on Saturday mornings were discussed, and it was decided to interview the Premier on the subjaot. It was agreed that a few rxtra tools should be bought for the carpen tering class, and Mr T, Gnnn promised a price of 80s, and Mr James Barclay one of 20«, for the best set of first year's work in this Class. The attendance in April *t tho sohool was 108, and the classes are tilling up well this mouth. Last night the sohool was brilliantly lit with clcctrlclty, a number oE visitors accepting an Invitation to look through the departments. On the top floor the art room baa 18 16 o.p. lights, there are four 16'sin the leotnre room, and two in the lnhnMLtnrv. and in the formor there is a nalr of experimental mains, for use of the electricity class. The machine construction class-room on the ground floor is well illnminatcd by 11 8's around the desks and five 16'a down the centre. Then in the car pentering class-room there are eight 16-. ?ho work has been ably carried out for Messrs. J. and T. Gunn by Mr W. A. Tyson. Tbevallyn Town Boabd.— A meeting was held last evening, when there wore pre- : sent — Mr J. Higgs (in the chair), Messrs. J. j B. Green, H. Button, A. Evans, and A. Hart. The members who had been rc-electod | tabled their declarations.- Mr Higgs wss chairman and treasurer for the ensuing year.— A letter was read from Mr T. Cotton asking permission to grace his cows on the reserve. This application was refused an account of the reserve not belog fenced, and objections by the inhabitants surrounding.— A letter was read from Mr D. Dally with reference to tbe storm waters throngh his property, claiming damages of £6 16s. After discussion, it was agreed that the board could not rccognlse the claim for damages.— A letter was read from Mr Lovctt, chair man of the Newtown Board, notifying a conference of Town Boards. The secretary was instructed to reply. — Several small matters in connection with repairs to the roads were dealt with. — The assessment roll was read and passed, and several accounts were passed for payment. — The members sat as the Main Boad Board, and Mr Slater informed the board that J. Bryan had now completed his oontract, and suggested that i he be allowed to continue on section No. 1. After discussion, it was decided to call for I tenders for this work. I An Intebbsting Exhibit, —Lying on 1 the table of the Technical School boird room last night was a case showing speci mens illustrating the different stages in tbe , manufacture of lead and colored pencils as I made at Johaon Fiber's famous factory at Hniwnhprcr. fjprmnnr Mr niomtnoUm secured the case from one of the firm's re presentatives on the mainland for the use of tbe students. Sixteen processes arc shown, inolutliog the raw graphite, washed graphite, raw kaolin, washed kaolin, lead in the moist and plastic state and after the firing stage and ready for use, plain cedar as cut from the log, oedar board grooved to receive leads, after receiving leads, and after the different final stages of cutting, shaping, polishing, and tying np. Thb Bulikg Passion Stbong in Death.— A curious commingling of news* pa|)er rivalry and suicide is reported by Daislcl from Mldvale, Nebraska. It appears that a man named Merchant, the editor of a weekly paper in that town, decided recently to commit suicide because of re verses in business. In order that his paper should, at least, be first with the news, he wrote a thrilling obituary article about him self, extending to three columns in length, explaining how and why be was taking his life, and what the outlook for hlia was it he did not do so, and waited till the rival paper had gone lo press. He then handed the story to tbe printers, and shutting himself np in his room, took a dose of poison. When the foreman read the articlc he ran to the editorial room, but was unable to gain admission, and, as the editor refused to let him enter, he called the police, who broken open the door. Merchant was found almost at the last gasp. The doctors who came with the police applied the stomach-pamp, and were ultimately able to pronounce the i would-be suicide out ot danger. The fore man, meanwhile, had the article set np, and rushed out tbe papers, 'giving the story as , the editor wrote it. An hour afterwards the rival paper came ont with a lateredition i announcing that Merchants life had been I saved. By the e.s. Pateena yesterday the looal agent for Vitadatio shipped 13 cases of the medicine to Johannesburg, this being the first shipment of goods from Tasmania to the South African Republic. These cases are consigned to Messrs. Jasper Smith and Co., manufacturers' agents and importers, Eloff Buildings, Market Square West, Johannes burg, 6.A.B. 