WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH CLAREMONT. FOUNDATION STONE LAYING. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Church, at Claremont, took place on Saturday after- noon, at 4 o'clock, in the presence of a large number of residents of Claremont and visitors from Perth, Fremantle and Subiaco. The ministers attending the Synod were also in attendance. The Rev. John Thomas, who has pastoral charge of Subiaco and Claremont Wesleyan Methodist Churches, opened the proceed ings and conducted the devotional exer cises, after which he called on the treasurer of the Church, Mr. J. W. Langsford, to present the Rev. G. E. Rowe, Chairman of the District, with a silver trowel to lay the foundation stone. Mr. J. W. Langsford said he had been deputed by the trustees to make the presentation in appreciation of the services which the Rev. G. E. Rowe had rendered, as superintendent of the circuit, to the church at Claremont. In asking Mr. Rowe to lay the foundation stone he was sure that the trustees not only gave pleasure to the Claremont Church, but to the whole of the churches in the Perth circuit, and, he might add, to all the churches in the district, because the re- quest of the trustees was an acknowledg- ment of the work Mr. Rowe was doing for the entire colony. After placing underneath the foundation stone a bottle containing official records, Mr. Langsford presented the silver trowel and requested the Rev. G. E. Rowe to lay the stone. The Rev. G. E. Rowe expressed his thanks to the trustees for the honour they had conferred on him. It was some time be- fore he consented to their kind request,as he wished them to invite persons who could do more than he was able for the funds of the church. The compliment paid to him personally he regarded as a compliment to the ministry of the church, and a grace- ful acknowledgement by the laymen of the services the ministers were rendering the church in this land, and on behalf of his brethren he thanked the trustees. The gathering that day marked another advance of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in the colony. They had come to Claremont not to displace any section of the Christian Church, but to co-operate in the unity of the Spirit. As the friends of all and the enemies of none they would gladly act in concert with other Christian organisations. There was, however, a call for them to carry out their mission to spread scriptureal holiness throughout the land, and the work that afternoon was in furtherance of that call. The design of the edifice to be erected had been prepared by Mr. J. Hine, and the contract had been taken by Messrs. Overend and Burchett. He trusted that the trustees, the archi- tect, and the contractors would be mutu- ally satisfied with the rqstdts of the under- taking. Be had great fieadaxe in laying the stone. The foundation stone), which was'suit- ably inscribed, was then lowered into posi- tion, and the Rev. G-, !E. Rowe said: "In the name of the Fat'fver, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, I d'M'lare this stone well jid truly laid to the ffïory of God." Subscriptions were 'then placed on the ,îone, and the finrrticial result of the jeremony amounted In about £100. A public tea was h^ld at 6 o'clock in the large marquee, who n. there waa a large attendance. The public meatii^; which followed was presided over hy M¿. Theo. R. Lowe, and , , addresses were givwii by Rev G. E. Rowe, H. Dunstan, H. Wilkinson, and A. C. Plane, and Messrs. J. W Langsford and J. H. Williams. The Claremont ohurch choir, . under the conduetwship of Mr. E. T. Owen, rendered several Choice selections; and solos were snug Ly'Mrs. E. T. Owen and ' Messrs. Todd and Óverend. The Revs. T. Tresfcrail^and W, A- Potts also took part in . tiie afternoon's proceedings. 