Local and General JVcus. |' This Ujikat Bhitain G.M. Co.—Too first minjng-raoouger'e-rGport from this mine uppearB among our mining news to-day. Tin: UiumjA. Show.—A further list of special prizes iu connection with tho Urslla Show, which is to ho held on Tuesday and Wednesday nest, is advertised in this issue. A special train will lrnve Arniidnlc for IJnilla n« 2 If) p.m on Wednesday,reluming ftt 0 45'p.m. Cokkkotion.—In the report of the case JnekoB v. Terry and another heard at the Warden's Court on Fri day, it was stated that plaintiff pegged out u mineral leas**, put-tod the notices after the usual limn had elapsed, and paid his first year's rent after the usual 10 days had expired. This part of the report is incorrect —the ground was pegged out as a yohl luaiiGi the notices posted hefor the usual time had tdnpBeri, and the rent paid before the lOdays'graco had espirod. • Tub Weather.—There lias been a further rainfall throughout the greater part of the colony since last report. The following arc the principal records received for the past two days:—Newcastle 157, Walcha 27, liinuiaville 2d, Annulate 82. Teutorfiwld 07, Tamwortli 48, IJralJa 03, Gunnednh 120, Narrabri 95, Millie 23, Moree 44, Wariatda 73, Bingara 127, Uarraha 52, Inverell 03, Bundarra 11, Glen luuos 20. 357 points of rain have fallen in Anuidale since February 1st On Saturday morning 132 points were recorded at Anuidale. What Nit:!) fok Denial?—The Secretary to the Hospital writes offi cially to Bay that the pationl O'lteel'e was not neglected whilo in the In fectious Hospital, and that Dr. Mal lam was quilo satisfied with the treat ment O'lieefo received. The Chiioxi ci.i! said nothing at all about O'Kcefe, and therefore declines to publish the letter in a farm which suggests that it is a denial of soinothiug which this journal had said. Visit of an oi.ii Pressman.—Mr. S. Scantlebury, n well-known member of the Fourth listate, who has acquired much expert knowledge on mining matters and is a prominent contributor of suoh news to the Jlnlhliv, arrivod in town on Monday, and has epent most of the interven ing time at Hillgrove. Mr. Scantle bury is muob in request by minim? men, and if he stayed here u week probably he would he found plenty to do in viailiug various localities supposed to have a mining future before them. Sr. Pkteu's, AnwmAJ.K.—A meeting of parishioners to eleot lay representa tives to the synod is to take place to-morrow night in the echool room. To ensure the election of two members thirty adult male parish ioners muet be present. At a recent meeting called for a similar purpose only seven or eight persons attended. Minim? Suitvicrs.—Yesterday Mr. Sowell, Government Mining Surveyor, visi'.ed TilbuMcr for tbo purpose of surveying the blocks applied for by t ho Perseverance Syndicate ntTillmster and by tbo owners of the Eureka Extended claim, adjoining. We learn that Mr. Sowol! was also to visit Sam's Swamp to survey certain galena and silver claims applied for in that; locality. Serious Buggy Accident.—On Sun-: day afternoon Mrs. R. Brown, of the ! Commercial Hotel, accompanied by i IVree of her children, and three friends, were returning home along the Uraila road in a buggy. When oomiug through the railway gates the horses became frightened and went off at a gallop. Mrs. B*own kopl the animals safely in the middle aloug Hutler-etrcet, aud when Hear ing Rusden-etreet one of the other occupants seized hold of the reins, causiug the tioroee to swerve on to tbo footpath. They dashed across the street at top spaed, and wcut crash in to the large hoarding, nearly opposite Mr. Keighflrv'e hotel. The buggy capsized, :«»d its occupauls were scattered in nil directions. Misr M'Guinness, who was carrying tbo baby two month* old, was thrown right over the fop »»f the hoarding, but luckily both escaped with nothing more serious than a good shaking. The buggy fell on Mrs. Brown and she was bsdlr injured about the chest. The others were all hurt more or lees, but not seriously, and th*ir escape is considered miraculous. The buggy is a complete wreck, aud the harness little better, but the boree escaped uninjured. SAILING IN STORMY WEATHER Is v» ry dilTereni fr« m sailing on *ummer snag. Fm't-ea-sickn'Snit .uld I .a wall to have on hand a e'ock of Wolfe's Schnapps. Accidknt.—Oq Sunday night laet William Haynes, a groom in the employ of J)r. Wigan, whilst riding into the country with an urgent message for the doctor, was thrown from bis horse And received injuries which incapacitated him for a few days. Tnrc Land Tax.—The following is the authorised definition of the " un improved value/' according to the Land and Income Tux Assessment AolUnimproved value" means, in respect to land, the capital rum for which the fee-simple estate in suoh land would sell, under such reasonable conditions of ealo &6 a bma fide seller would require, assum ing t'»e actual improvements (if any) had not been made, and, in case of conditionally - purchased land, of which 110 grant shall have been issued, after deducting also the balances or amount of purchase money due to the Crown in respect of the same t Provided that the un improved value of lands reclaimed from the sea, or from any harbour or river, or made fit for building pur poses by levelling or quarrying, or by the erection of retaining walls, or by any similar operations or works, shall be the o&pital; sum for which tbe Bai l land would sell under reason able conditions, after deducting from euch sum tbe oost of the reclamation or making, as well &b; all other ' improvements. Il.MWAL DETENTION OF A. SkWXKG Machine.—At the Police Court on Saturday, before the P.M., W. J, Gibson, agent for Beale and Co. pro ceeded against It Marshall for ille gally detaining a sewing machine. Mr Kearney appeared for plaintiff and Mr. Weaver for defendant, A considerable amount of evidence wae given, from which it appears that Thomas Cavanagh purchased the machine in question from Beale and Co, iu April 1891,for £11 lie, o \ time payment. He paid £3 9s on the artiole, but for the past 3 years had not paid any of the instalments In January last defendant Marshall purchased the machine at a Sheriff's sale of Cavftnagh'e furniture for 9s, oud sent it for sale at Bradley's auction mart J t was at that place that plaintiff first saw the machine, and identified it as the property of Beale and Co. He demanded the machine, and on being refused, proceeded against the auctioneer for illegal detention, but the case was dismissed, with costs against plain tiff. Plaintiff then instituted the present proceedings. Mr. Weavor on behalf of defendant, argued that his client had sufficient grounds for refusing to deliver up the machine. He bought it at the Sherifi's sale, not knowing it to be anyone but Cavanagh's property. The P.M. said it was plain that Cavanagh purchased tbe machioe from Beale and Co, under an agree ment for time payment, and as tbe payments had not bceu completed it waB only right that they should receive it back. An order was made for the return of the machine within 48 hours, each side to pay their own costs. Thk A i,i, Nations Farim—For the poet couple of days a large number of willing workers hare been busily em ployed in the erection of the numerous. stalls, to be UBed in connection with the approaching Ail Nations' Fair. Yesterday afternoon the interior of the Town Hall presented quite a changed appearance, and all round were lo be seen the different styles of buildings to be occupied by the re presentatives of the separate natious. These buildings when completed and slocked with the various articles, will present a very cay appearance indeed, nud should in tlieptsolves prove a great attraction. The preparations for tho several side shows, such as the Delphic Oracle, Pepper's Ghost, the Museum, Puucli and Judy,and others, are also well forward. The fair will bo opened by Mr. C. Wilson, ex Mayor, at 8 o'clock this evening, when a grand march of the represen tatives of the nations, iu costume, will take place. The fair will be con tinued on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, and will doubtless be very largely patronised. Official Inspections at Til dustku.—Mr. Godfrey, "Government Mining Inspector, who is staying at the Imperial HoJ,ol, officially visited the Great Britain mine on Monday, for the purpose of inspecting the winding machine, in compliance with a wish expressed hy the Coroner after hearing evidence given at the inquest on the body of T. J. A. Clarke, a sinker who was killed in the mine on Friday last. Yesterday, Mr. Godfrey made a visit of inspection to the Mary Anderson mine which is in pro cess of being floated into a Company. The Date Mn. J. M. Duncan.— The following particulars of a late highly respected townsman hare been given in a private letter from Mr. Duncan's father to Mr Polsford: •' Warracknsbesl, Feb. 10th, 1896. -To the Proprietor Armidalo Chronicle.—Dear sir, Your kind letter re the death of my dear sou, I. M. Duncan, is, I am very sorry to ssy, only too true. He was engaged as manager of a large flour milling company, styled .Tames Malcolm and Co, St. Arnaud, and arrived in that lowu on Monday, January Cth, took typhoid fever, and died at 7.30 on Saturday, 2.7th January. He was buried 27th January, exactly three weeks from the day of his nrriaval at St. Arnaud. He was nine dsys in bed, and although his sojourn iu St. Arnaud was so short, I am glad he made a good impression. It has been a creat blow te me, and his wifs and children. We havs bad many letters of sympathy. I am, dear sir, yours faithfully, N. Duncan. Mr. Duncan's life was insured in the A H.P. Society, Sydney, so it will he necessary for the widow to admin ister.— A G eologioai Subvey.—Mr. Came, I Geological Surveyor, who haB boon in I town eorae days* is to visit the new lind at Terraase Gaily, for the purpose of making a geological survey of the country on behalf of the Government. The Excursion Trains —The reduced railway fares, to enable the inhabitants of the down-country districts to avail themselves of the cooler climate of New England, seem to have been largely taken advantage o& On eaoh occasion when the reduced fares were i *->rce, about SO excursion tiokete we* o collected at the local railway station. This of course was all extra traffic, and should be sufficient to induoe the Commissioners to oontinne the practice for a further period. CliiU'Chii Tea is stilling freely in New South Wales. All lovers of good Tea should be sure to try it, Vnlue is undoubtedly given, independent of the free accident* policy wh'ch is enclosed in etch tin and packet.* 