' A Rope's Dangler. BY mtum mmm, Author of "A Lifo Sentonoo," " Jnoobi's TYifo," "Under False Pretehcoa, " N< Sir Anthony's SeoMfc," 44 Marjory's . ' Mistake," 44 Dr. Endicott'a Experiment," &o.; LALIi QUEENSLAND BIOHTfl BSgBOTSD. | OHAPTER XXVII, — (Coniinutd.) .He spoko so coldly that no one could have guessed tho. tumult of puaslon whioh fchook him at that moment— Doiia least of all. Tlio thought uppermost in his mind was a convic tion that his wife had not spokoa the truth. The letter, ho believed, was not from Diok at all ; it was from some other man. Shoraisedthe paper in her trembling fingers, and gavo it to hira Bubuiiesivly. Sbo did not know what he wuh thinking, but sho recognised the ring of command in his tone. Tho latter was very short. "My dearest Dslin," it rati. "Will yon come liero to-morrow afternoon and hoc us? You know whom you will moot. I want to know your plans for tho future, as I am afraid that there will bo a difRoulty ; but we onn talk of it whon wo meet. God bless you, darling, for your fnith in mo. "Your loving brother, " Riatum>' Vansittaut." Cyprian stared ut tlio paper, and road the words two or three times without quite know ing what he did. Tlicro was an odd mixture of roiicf and disappointment in his mind. The letter was front Diok, und it was straight forward enough— but it told him verv little after all. He guve it back to Delia with a oold word of thanks. "You are going, Isupposop" ho added. "Oh! yes, Iain going," sho said. Hor head was whirling with amazo ut finding thnt ho asked no furthor questions. The roferenco tothouorson " whom she would moot" hud .seemed to hor so painfully clear. ButOyprianliadnot noticed. There vnis a mumont's "silonoo; Cyprian consulted his wntob, and wondered whv dinner was not ready. Delia out silent anil motionless until the servant appeared to soy that the meal was served. Evan thon, to Cyprian's surprise, sho did not riso. Ho bent towardn hor and bold out his arm, which she almost mechanically took; lint with tho touch of his arm a sutklou rovulsioa of feeling took' place. Tlio servant hud loft the room, and Delia toro her hand awuy. "What is the uso of keeping up this farce F" sho said. " Is it for tho sake of tho servants who spy upon mo, and report my doings to youP I mil not go on with it any longer. If wo are to live upart, why do we pretend — pretend to be friendly ? " She burst into tears and rnshed out of tbo room boforo Cyprian oould oolleot himself sufficiently to utter n single word. Ho stood looking after hor : ho heard her go upstairs and look herself into hor room, and a great wave of pity roso high in his heart, a great desire to follow her and hold her iu his arms and comfort her. But again he steeled himsolf to endure. "I am a weak fool," he said to himself, " but I will not be so weak as that." And ho walked straight down to tho dining-room, and wont through that "fares" of dining against which Doiia had at length rebelled. Ho had entered tlio house with a fairly good' appetite, whioh had, howover, entirely dis appeared when ho sit down to dinner. He retired to his study as soon as ho could- conveniently do so, und sat there (1 living tho evening, trying liatd to read a volume of, philosophy, but not succeeding particularly well. About eleven o'clock ho was dis turbed by tho entrance of Delia, who glided in without knocking, ' looking pcouliarly ghost-Iiko in along white wrapper, with her hair floating down her back, ' and hor hands stretched out in appeal. "Oil! Cyprian," she said, approaching him so softly that he soareoiy hoard nor come, "forgive me?" He lookod'atherwithont altering his posi tion in the very least. Ho did not mean to he harsh, but it seemed to him as if he were in a dream. Ho lay baok in his ohair and listened, bnt he oonld notspcak a word. "I don't moan," sho wont on, hurriedly, " thut you can forgive mo for the past— I've given up all hope of that — but for my foolish ness to-night. Iknowlwssverysilly, voryim- patient, hut I— I oould not help it just then. Cyprian, will you not forgive mo ? " He had roused himself a littlo by this time. Ho hoard himsolf replying, with a oallous- ncas at whioh he wondorod, in the confused way in which peoplo do wander at their own doings now and then, "No apology is needed. You aro free to do oxactly as you please." "Ah, no, I am not— I am not !" she cried, suddenly breaking into tears, " or I should he free to die— to die, and bo forgotten ! " And then she turnod and glided away as softly as she had como, bnt with horfaoo hiddon in her hands ; and Cyprian, loft alone, rose to his feet, und hold out his arms as if bo would have oallod her book. It was too late. She hnd gono and ho had lost his ohanoo. A sonso of passionate loss, of undying sorrow cams ovor him, and laying his head against his folded urmB on tho marble mnntolpiooo he, too, wept tears of oxoeeding bitterness. Ho wns ashamed of himself afterwards. He told himself that ho wns vory weak, veiy womanish ; hut the' fact remainod ; and for somo time ho had been consoious of one thin)- only, and that was bis desire to tako Doha back to bia heart, to comfort her for all hor groat troubles, and tall her to trust hira in' everything. He hnd wonted to do this, and something, was it pride F -had hold him baok. And now he felt, with a mixture of romorse and a dreary kind of irre sponsibility, that ho had lost bis ohanco with her for ever. Bhe would novcr forgot or for give his insensibility to her appeal. How ho oould have answered hor so coldly he did not know. Ho had spoken as if ho eared not an iota far her paiu, her penitonoo, her dosire for his forgiveness; and yotlris heart had been aohing with the cpaving for her love. It was weakness, sneer wcaknoss, and ho would pat tho thought of Delia far from him now and for evormoro. 1 CHAPTER XXVHI. BnOTHDH AND SlBTBB, It was with some difflonlty that Delia found hor way to tho address given hor in Dick's letter. It was a different address from the one formerly known by Delia, for as soon as he had been set free from prison he had changed bis rooms, so that ho might begin life again with Koso in porfeotly now sur roundings. Tho surroundings woro not inspiriting ones. Bouts tiro so high in London, andoleoniincea is so diffioult, that ho had preferred to take rooms ia a blook of workmen's buildings rather than in a private house ; for he know that in the buildings the sanitary arrange ments atleastwoald be well looked af tor. Un fortunately ho had not boon able to find them; save in a set of buildings on the south sido of Oxford street, where tlio air is bloss and spans email. Nowbuiy Buildings were not attractive in appearanoe. Thoy jutted out iu Ugly tall blocks, with grimy court yards between ; tho stone stairs wore not well lighted nor well kept ; and boiuo of tho lower flats were QBed as small shops for Beoond-hand clothes and fnraitnre. These buildings did not belong to the now school, nor were the rents coileotod by ladies who brought an atmosphere of kindness and refinement along with thom. Thoy had boen ran up as a spooulatioa, and were reputed to pay a hand some dividend. Delia advanoed timidly through gangs of dirty ohildrcn playing in the courtyard to tho door of ono of the buildings, and toiled up flight aftor flight of tlio stone steps whioh led to. Diok's abode. Here she knooked at a nurrow unpointed door whioh was marked "305," and waited for a moment or two, shrinking a littlo as one or two hoods woro poppod out of tjio neighbouring doors to stare at her. There ' soomed to bo Borne rather heated disoussion going on inside the houso, and Doiia had to knook tiiroo times before sho oonld be! hoard above tho sound of voices ; but at last there was a pause and her knock was answered by Dick himself. Ho was iu his shirt sleeves and looked fiuehtd andev oitod , but as soon as he saw his sister hp > uttered un oxelamiition of delight and drew her inside tho room. "Doiia! doar Decly!" ha said, Uting the old pet nsmo us he draw hor into his arms. " Have you really como P I hardly , thought yon would." , "Diok! door Diok, I would go anywhere to Bee you," said Delis, with hor arms ronntl his nook. Sho had already had a vision of flying skirts disappearing into nnothor room, and she now noticed that Rose's face and head could bo seen at tlio entrance to another room, bat' as soon as Delia gianoed that way tho head was promptly withdrawn and the door shut with a pronounced bung whioh spoko volumes to the listeners' ears. . Diok spoke rather apologetically. "Sho is a littlo upset, hcoauso 1 won't do something that sho wishos," ho Raid, in a low tone; "but you must not mind hor, Delia; of coarse, sho has lind something to hour — to put up with " Ho stopped short suddonly. > " I understand, " said Delia. " I don't mind what alio dans or says, dear — but what have you not had to put up with, my poor dear boy P" She folded her arms round him again, and began to ory. " Don't ory, Dooly, I'm a free man again, thank God ; and lifo isn't ended yet." But there was so sad a tone in his voico that Delia looked up ut him senrcliingly. " Oh, Diok, you are so oliangod 1 You are so palo and thin — aod— different." " Think what has happened, darling," ho said, in a smothorod voico. " I can't ho quito the sumo, I suppose, oan I P . And you— mHrriugn doesn't, seem to havo done you much good, Dolin. You are the shadow of yoursolf." ! ! . " I shall bo nil right again soon, when I am witli — with peoplo — who oaro for me," said Delia, " What did ho marry you for, if ho did not love you ?" " I think ho fannied ho loved mo. I — I was not worth it. He was — disappointed in tne," Delia murmured, with averted faro. " I novor thought Hnreonrt u prig or a fool cither. What has happened to him ?" " It wus iny fault, Dick. Don't lot us talk about it, ploaso." "Thou yon'vo not been happy anymore than myself, Doiia." ' No, Diok." Thoy woro silent for a minnto or two, fool ing that greater sympathy whioh comes of community in sufforiug rather than in joy. Thou Doha said gently : "I havo not decided anything for tlio future, Dick. I am going to lcava my husband — will you toll mo what I had bottor 'da?" " In it so bad ns that. Doiia ? Can't you make it up witli Hnreourt ? " Ob, no," H.nid Delia, shuking hor bond sadly . " It isn't a quarrel, you soo ; it is not anything that oan bo ' nindo up.' Wo aro not suited to onch other, and therefore wo ure not happy ; that is all." " Delia, tell mo ; lias tins alienation oomo about, through my — my unhappy fsto ?" "No, dear. Not dircatly, at any rate. I mean — it was all my own foolishnoss. I faintnl when I heard about yourself — soinomio told me that it was in tho nowspapor, and I wae taken by sarpriso ; and thou ho learned that I wus your sister— and who we woro, you know," "Alii you had not told him that wo were the children of Julins Vuusittart." " You told ino not to tell, Diok." "I wus a fool," said Diok. "I novor thonght of your muvrying a man without telling him, Delia. Bat it is only ono out of my many mistakes. I wish I hnd my life to begin nil over again." "Andsodol!" sighed Delia. " Bat it would not avail muoh," said Diok, heavily, "so long as wo are Julius Ynn- sittart's children. That is a fact we cannot very easily got over, Delia." / Sho made no answer, and ho oonld nor sco her faco. Forbaps it wan jnst as wall ; for ..the dnmb, hopolesa sngnish of its expression would liavo pierced him to the heart. " Weil," he went on doggedly, aftor a long pause, "wo must tiy to live it down as well as wo can. There's nothing for it but oomplote openness and frankness as far as I oan sco, I shall never change my name again. Blohard Vansittart I am, and Bioliard Vansittart I shall bo, to the end of tho chapter. We will novor hide ourselves again, will we, Delia ?" "It isno use," said Delia. " And ovon if it wore, wo would not doit, would wo P" said her brother, a touoh of tondoriiess softening the asperity of bis votco. "Nover again, Delia." "Novor again, Diok. Oh, Diok, how good yon are !" Diok looked at hor iu surprise. "GoodP" ho said, with a laugh and a shako of tho head. "Fm afraid you aro tbo only person who thinks so, Delia, my dear child." " Bnt I know you are— I soo it and I fool it. When that— that dreadful thing hap pened — about tho noto, you know— I beliovo that it was a plot to ruin you, and that you know who did it all tho time— there I I am right. I can soo it in your face, Dick, dear, dear old boy !" "You aro talking wildly," said Dick, quietly, winoing a littlo nnd turning aside so as to conceal his faco from her ; " you havo no reason to think any imcll tiling, and I " "You can't deny it," said Delia. "It's no uso. I know yoar 'face better than my- own. I won't usk you to toll mo tho true . story, bccuuso I see you don't want to tell it, but I am purfeatly sure of what I say." "Don't say any inoro, Delia. Don't Bay thosa things to anybody olso. Such wild suppositions " "Thoy uro not wild — I know— I under stand. Only ono question— docs Bose know?" She had said that she could road Diok's faco, but sho certaiuly did hot understand tho expression that orosscd it now. After a moment's silence ho answered her, howover, in a porfeotly steady voice. "Roso knows all there is to bo known. Bnt I should prefer yoar not speaking of it to her." "I will not," said Delia. "And now, Dick, dear, tho timo is getting on, and I want to hear whether yon hod any partioulur reason for sending for me this afternoon." "I had a good reason. Iexpeothim. You know whom I mean." "I know." "I havo soea him twice," said Diok, lowering his voice, "but I do not know whore he lives. Ho says it is best for us not to know. I wanted him to wnit until even ing, but ho says that ha is not afraid to go about openly, for nobody oould possibly re- oogniss nim, so long as he does not talk. A voico, ho dooluros, is oven more easily rcoog- nisable than a faco." " Do you oxpcot him soon P" " I wonder that ho is not here by this time. He wishes to sco you, Dalia. I boliove that this is to be the last interview. He intends to sail to- morrow." ' " Oh, I shall be glad when he is out of tho country !" " Yes, it will bo a relief." "Whore ib RoseP" said Delia rather timidly. « "I will call her, if you like." "Ferhape she thonght wo wnntod a little talk together, bnt I did not mean to keep I her ont of this room," Doiia remarked, Diok's only answer was to go to the innor door and tap smartly upon it with his bnnokloB before turning tho handle. "Rose," ho said, "my sister is ashing for you." " Very kind of hor, I'm sure," said Mrs. Richard Vansittart, who now showed liorsolf at the door, in all tho glory of a vory fashion ably inodo silk dress, which looked singularly oat of plaoo in tho bore littlo room. "I dill not want to intrude where 1 am not wanted." "I thought you were busy, perhaps. Of course, I wanted to seo you," said Delia, rising and holdingonthorliand. Rose stared for a moment as though sho did not mouu to tako it ; then, with a toss of her pretty ourled head, sho gavo Doiia two fingers to- shako, and looked as pleased with herself as if sho had dono something really olovor. "I suppose," she said, Beating herself without asking hor visitor to bo seated, " that you' vo come to make your lost arrange- - ments. You're going to leavo Mr. Harcourt, aro you not P" " Roso ! " "WoliP" said Boso, turning aoolty fo hor husband, whon she hoard thiB ejaoulation, " whnt now P Isn't it a faot P Sho told mo horself, and I snpposo it's ' correot. Unless she's made it np with him sinco I saw you ; have you, Delia P " "No," answered Dolio,Jl shrinking from tho familiarity, and still more from tho question ; "no, I am going to leave him, aal gald." J- ; , ,, » And I-shonld like to know," proceeded ;Bope, 'more impertinently than ever, " what you think of doing next P" ' That was what I wanted to boo my brother for , I wished to consult him." "And have you oonsnlted him, may I askP" "Rose !" said Diok, "you liaro no busi ness to ask those questions." " Oli, have I not i Isn't Doiia my own sister-in-law, and did sho not tell me that she would liko to oome and live with us P I should think it was my business— vory muoli so indeed. That was why I didn't mind her ooming to see us ' this afternoon. It ain't everybody that I should he so sweet about, lot me tell you. Bnt I thought sho lind better come and seo for horself the way in whioh Diok likes us to live. Thou sho contd please herself as to whether she would join us in Newbury Buildings." Sho laughed aloud, but hor laugh was a disngreoablo one. Delia sut silent und abashed. Dink, standing up, with a white fuoe and eyes aflame, would have spoken, had ' Roso'b shriller voioe not overborne his own. . . "You soo what it is," she said, indicating with a wave of hor hand tho bare walls, tho scanty furniture, thB uncarpetod floor. " Yon 830 what he likes— whnt ho wants rao to put up with ! How would yon liko this sort of lifo, may I ssk, Mrs. Cyprian Harcourt p This is ail we nan offor you, you know, and I hopo you will liko it." Delia raised lier eyos to Boss's face for a moment. " If you lavod my brother," sho said, " I don't think thnt you would mind." " '" What' difference would it make, T should like to know ! '.' Bald' Bose, with a sneer. " I've got. prop all that biiby-noniienso 'about lp.vq. Wijen ho used to rend poetry to me iind lqiidiiie books, before' we were married, I hjil!p'vq(t iii |c then, right, enough : itnil seo wliat it's brought roe to. I am older now ; 1 undorstimd life a littlo bitter Ihun I did. What's T0Vp_ whpii you've got no money 1 '.' - Sno hiid'risoii and stood in tho very niiddili of tlio room ; a beautiful littlo fury, in 'her fine silk dress, flanking wrntk and indigna tion around her. Biol; folded his uvms and wiitdhoil hor moodily; It occurred to Delia's mind that he wus ucoustomed to this sort of bcoiio. " lint ho did " not attempt to interrupt her. Pnrhapa be knew that it would bu use less. Rose wan a person who would huve her say. " What's love P " she demanded again with n stump of her little foot. " Will it give you food, and drink and olnthcsP Will it givo yon it roof over your head P Will it give you enjoyment in life P I thought when I married n geiitloinnii" I might be euro of a few little comforts ; at any rate, I didn't know he ox- pcuted mo to work fur my own living. A pretty gcntlomim to lot his wife earn her own bread, becauso lie's too iirnud to accent his .father's monoy ! Where's tho good of love if it hrings you to beggary ? " Tho brother and sister looked into caoh othor's eyes. They ut least could understand ouch other. Delia understood tho causo of hor brother's unliappiuess ; and ho neoopted hor sympathy, ovon while it humiliated him. "Ho says now," Boso returned, drawing nenrer to Delia, and spooking in a lower, although omphatio tone, "that he'll starve soonor tlinu tako his lather's money. What do you think of that? Ho prefers this wretched room, those horrid buildings, this miserable life, to his father's .splendid painco out in America, or wherever it is ? What do you think of himp Why don't you toll him thut he's a fool P" "Bocnuspldo not think so," said Delia, speaking with a quiot fivmuoas whioh seemed now to hor. ."Because I think that my brother is ono of tho heat and noblo.it mon 1 ever knew, and that you ought to ho proud of being his wifo." Roso burst into shriek after shriek of laughter, whioh had a strangely unnatural sound. " Proud of him I Proud of a man who has just como out of prison ! ' Look at his oroppod hair: look nt his linnds! Why tho very boys in tho street jocr at him ! Proud of a thiof ! Ha, ha, ha f" "Rose!" said hor husband, suddenly, "you go too far. Don't let mo hear that expression again." His voico was low, hut oxtvomely stern. His faoo had grown white, nnd his lines wore tense with P,gupprecsod emotion. He had for the momcrit a dnngorons look ; and Roso felt that, as ho' had said, sho had "arono too far." CO BK CONTINUED. 