; The Record! 6f a Brave Deed. : Among the many negro nations, differing 7™!^ one another in' npeech and physique, who obey the rule of the Whito Queen, .as she is termed through the West African littoral, there are none more remarkable in their manners and customs, nor harder to manage, than tlio tribes who inhabit the limitless swamps and little known forests of tho Neger delta. They are men of the huge stature, with armB and chests splendidly developed by constant labour at the paddle,, for they practically live in their dug-out canoes, but with the weak lower limb* of tho negro. A little while ago, King phaillu of Hioba, not having tho fear (of tho Government before hia eyes, and disregarding what had happened when tho stronghold of tho river-pirate Nana went down before the wrath of the Protectorate, built himself a strong stockado around his city of mnd-waJled huta, and took counsel with hia Ju-Ju men as to how he might most easily acquire power and riohep, and make a name for himself, as did his fathers before the coming of the white men. Soon afterwards, mutilated corpses of unfortunate slaves commenced to drift down the rivers with every freshet, and inland traders, arriving at scattered couBt-factoriog, told Btrange tales of men hurried alive among tho foundations of pew houseB or stockades. At last it was determined thac Shsillu should bo made an example of. Silently, file by file, with scarcely tho :crackling of a twig or the rustling of a Ieat to jmark their passage, the Yorubas moved |down tho steep bank, for they had been jtrained in forest warfare from childhood, and jhad:hold their wild land with spear-blade ;and flintlock gun against tho fierce tribes of ;the Western Soudan and Arab raiders from [the northern desert. Captain Cranton J watched them Hitting like ghosts through 'the shadows, and abused the clumsiness of his subaltern who tore his way noisily with nervous haste through every obstacle, until he heard their feet sucking in tho soft mire. Presently, there was a splashing by the edgo of the ford; then the noundmolted.into tho gurgle of the' river, and tho last dim figure disappeared into a drifting oloud of mist. , . . " Get on there, this is no time for reRt," Raid tho Captain as the leading files halted ; and he hurried forward only to sink breast deep in a stoep- sidod hollow, and to wonder jf they had blundered and lost tho track across the ford. While ho hesitated there was another roar of flint-lock guns and a bhowor of jagged potleg sung past overhead and splashed along the surface of the rivor. A Yoruba dropped his rifle with a splash, and clutching at his side collapsed, a limp heap, into the stream. A comrade dashed forward, but it was too late ; there was a choking gasp, and with an oily gurgle the muddy current closed above a ghaBtly face, and the ioruba was, gono. The soldiers started at one another for a moment, and a few of the Snider butts came home to the shoulder with a rattle, but Captain Cranton saidsternly : ' The man is dead ; the first who filres without my order dies also. Forward there !" Then, with set teeth, tho Yorubas went ahead, floundering and splashing, struggling deep against the power of the stream with uplifted rifles, while the sickly Doctor gasped for breath as ho was half carried, half dragged, wildly through the water.- Just as they came dripping out of the river, a long trail of fire streamed upwards across tho midnighl sky, and a detonating rocket burst into a cloud o crimson stars far overhead, to show chat the landward gate had gone down before the attack of the flanking party. While tho evil-Btnelling vapour was still eddying and drifting along the face of tho stockade, with a yell the Yorubas rushed forward, stumbling and blundering over I shattered logs and glowing, cinders, half choked by the sickening odours of tho ox-1 plosive, and swept down tho main street of the village, driving tho river men before them ai the bayonet-point like a flock of frightened sheep. Some ono had hurled a blazing torch.into the hut, and the roaring flame leaped from thatch to thatch throwing a lurid light nn tho crowd of naked figures flying for their lives between the lines of mud- walled huts, or scaling the palisade and flinging themselves over into tho darkness outside. Dripping with proBpiration, and scarcely visible through tho stifling smokewreaths, Captain Cranton dashod along at tho head of his men, swinging his revol^or and threatening, in hoarse breathless gasps, all kinds of penalties on tho man who fired without his order ; for ho knew if tho Yorubas once got beyond control there would bo no human being left alive in the town, j While tho doctor wondered what he should do, a choruB of yells, hisses, and whistles rose from behind a cluster of huts, and presently a handful ©f black soldiers came into siftht, giving way slowly before a wild mob of naked river men. Thoro was no time to load or fire. Spear-heads and the braaB-1 bound butts of the trade gunB rattled and / crashed among gleaming bayonets and brown Snider barrels, for tho Yorubas were fighting desperately as they went, four of them ; bearing what appeared to be a shapeless heap I of tattored katki uniform upon a layer of | woven palm fibre, torn out from the side of j some headman's house. | 4iStop them—stop them—one time 1 >x shouted tho Doctor, but his men needed no celling. With the wild shouc of the northern raiders ringing out above tho clash of spear and rattlo of Snidor butts, they drovo torward, and as tho bright steel filled up the narrow way tho foe were hold in check for a few moments. Staggering up to tho side of the rough litter Surgeon Marsland felt the grasp of tho big Yoruba Sergeant on his shoulder and a voice in his ear: "Officer man live for die, Sah ; river-man chop him with spear. Say, carry mo first through stockado, alive or dead." , ".Never mind what ia said, let me get at him. For heaven's Bake keop those brutes •back, he's breeding to death," Bhoutod the Doctor, shaking off the grasp and bonding down over tho still form. Young Liscombo raisod his head. uGood-byo, I'm about finished ; but I was first man in," he gasped. . Without a word, the Doctor slit the tunic from hia arm, and wrenched open his instrument case as he saw tho bright blood pulsing in jetB from a severed artery. " Oh for two minutes, just two minuteshe groanpd, as he slipped a rubber tourniquet around tho whito Bkin ; but ovon as ho did ;fio, the crowd of river-men Burged madly forward ; there was a clash of bayonets and spear-heads, and though tho Yorubas parried desperately they staggored and yielded ground before tho dead weight of numbers. Never turning his eyes, the Doctor wont quietly on with his work, in a grim raco against time to. save his comrade's life. Just as tho thick rubber, biting into tho firm flesh, ohoked down tho spurting blood, the Yorudas broke away and a hugo naked riverman swung a gloaming hatohet back to tho full sweep of his right arm, to deliver tho resistless out the West African knows so woll at. tho doctor's head. Almost instinctively Surgeon Marsland closod his eyes. Then ho folt himBolf hurled on ono sidn as something rushed past him, and, glancing round again, saw. tho red bayonet of Sergeant'Koffeo f-hoofc past at tho point from behind the shoulder and slido into the negro's naked flesh, until tho socket clashed against the breiBt«hono. Almost simultaneously ho ho>»rd tho Yorubas'shout and tho swarming foo split up and melted away into flying groopB as, swinging his spitting revolver right ano loft. Captain Cranton awoot past at tho head of his men. Then his overtaxed strength guvo way, and ho collapsed a limp unconscious hoap across tho foot of the litter. Before morning -Hioba- was a hoap of smoking ruins and Shaillu a prisoner fast bound with titi oreepors. 