The Sjtprytellep. ST. JOSEPH'-S LILY. By Una Roe, Author of ".The Mysterious Whisper." Chapter XVI.— (Continued.) WAITING. Be. not amazed at life, 'tis still The mode of God with Ilis elect Their hopes exactly to fulfil In times and ways they least expect. Coventry Patmor. " Martin, you are really spoiling Mena." "Bo, Eileen, I conld not doso; but she is dear to us, my wife and me, for many reasons. It seems to us that our own dead child has come back in this fair darling, not grown to woman's estate, but as she left us—a child. And she is a memory of Lawrence, he looks at us with her eyes, he speaks t-o us again with her clear, sweet tones. My heart just overflows to her that's all." After a little while Eileen withdrew. " Where is the queen of the day ?" in quired Martin. "Our bonny Kate. I itave not seen her yet to offer my con gratulations." " She and Edmund have gone to gather red camellias," said Mrs. He$keth. " Oh !" And Martin smiled and looked at his wife. " Pray, sir," said she, " what do you mean to insinuate by your mysterious oh " Once on a time, some two and twenty years ago, I met a fair maid gathering .wild roses. Do you uemember, Con stance ?" For answer she put her hand in his. ' " 1 do wish," she said, " that Kate would sacrifice the ideal Irishman, and be kind to our h<?y. They would suit one another admirably. Though she is his senior in years he is ten years older than she is in everything else, and she knows that. She knows that he can be a lion-tamer when he chooses. He has not inherited your keen blue eyes and firm mouth, Martin, without the spirit that rules, the power that pro claims him master. There is an element which inspires fear in both of you, and lore still more," she added in a lower voice, as Martin's keen eyes were turned upon her, and then he smiled again, and the soft light of affection shone on her ■from their depths. And still Edmund and Kate appeared not with the camellias, they only became visible at last at the banquet table, where .Kate presided, looking radiant, but some what shy and silent. She had one camellia in her hair, and the young man wore another in his coat, but where were those that had been promised to Mrs. I^eskethand Mena? When the feast was over .Kate sought out Mrs. Hesketh and made her apologies for her forgetfulness. " But you will forgive, I know," she spid, "because I have promised to be Edmund's wife, and your daughter, and— we quite forgot about the camellias, and I am so happy." Mrs. Hesketh expressed herself equally happy, as she embraced her future .daughter-in-law. "Well, dearest child, so the Irishman has not the ghost of a chance after all. He was vanquished by the shadow of a camellia tree. You waited for him long enough, I think." " No, Mrs. Hesketh; he is my Irishman. Is not his name Malachy ? Edmpnd Malachy—a true, old, honorable Irish name ?" " I hope, my dear, that you are not going to call him Malachy, though it is noble certainly, and an old family name, it is rather antiquated; don't you think Ed mund is prettier ?" "I like Edmund the best of all names. I shall call liim Edmund unless he teazes me, and then he shall be Malachy." "And you are quite satisfied? He answers all your expectations ?" " Yes, I would not have him one bit different. I am quite content." " It gives me unbounded satisfaction to hear you say so," said .Mr. Edmund Hes keth, who by the merest chance happened to come by just then, and Kate looked up with a start. " Mother," continued Edmund, taking Kate's hand, " we don't deserve your kind congratulations, when we were so negligent as to forget you altogether. Kate, I think we ought to go now and get those camellias for mother." " I am afraid I shall have to wait too long," said his mother. " You go alone thiB time, sir, Kate shall stay with me. Considering you are to spend your life with him, Kate, he can spare you now for ten minutes." ^dmppd went for the camellias a second time, and soon returned with a handful. "Now I must find Eileen," said Mrs. Hesketh. " We are going to the convent, so good-bye for the present." " I do love her," said Kate, when she and Edmund were alone. " It will be a new experience to me to have a mother. One hears enough of terrible mothers-in law, but .mine, that is to be is perfeetly lovely and good and amiable. I am really .in love with her." " I hope you have some room for me in your esteemed affections," said Edmund. "I begin to think my place has been usurped already." " I never said I loved you, did I ? and I only say now that I will tolerate you, so resign yourself to be contented, sir." " And I am perfectly satisfied that you would never tolerate me if you did.not love me with your whole heart, my dear girl. Confess to the truth." " iDon't hold my poor little hand in an iron vice, sir. I shall have no hand left, to bestow upon you at the altar, and please give me a chance to breathe. One would sup pose I stood on the brink of a precipice and hail a fixed intent to hurl myself headlong overj and you had just reached me in time to effect a rescue." " Confess the truth, and dare to say you only tolerate me." "Will you promise to be good to me, and let we have my own way sometimes, and not kill me with embraces " Granted; and will you promise not to be unkind to me, and frighten me away from you with cold looks ? " "Oh, you are easily frightened. Well, for the sake of peace and freedom, I am going to tolerate you and put up with you and stay with you, and I do love you ever so much, there." " Kate, I think you will prove a very docile and agreeable wife after all," said Edmund, gravely, after expressing his ap proval of the late confession more in acts than words. " Now tell me, do you sup pose any mortal beings are happier than we are ?" " I think they would be hard to find. I just feel that I mean to try to be very good all the rest of my life. I was speaking to Eileen a while ago. She is good—more like a saint than any one I know—yet she loved somebody too, and it made her more saintlike I imagine, I mean the love did. Now, she always made me feel good, but lately more than ever she seems to live in heaven with the angels. I saw her not long ago as I told you. I thought a glimpse of heaven had been vouchsafed to me. There was that sweet rest and peace in her face that is not of earth, Edmund, it shines in her eyes, it breathes from her very presence. I think sometimes she will soon be with him there. She talked to me a little while, and I began to think with St. Peter,' it is good for me to be here,'and then I thought of you, Edmund, and felt dread fully earthly and anxious to be near you. .Now, sir, if you dare to kiss me again, with out permission I know what I will do. I shall keep a strict account of the trans gressions, and " Oh, you could never keep an account, and I don't care what you are going to do, my queen, for you are my own possession, and I am the master and lord, eh Kate! But, tell me, joking apart, is there such a great contrast between this saintly Eileen and me ? She inspires you with celestial ideas, and I, do I inspire you with only worldly notions ?" "You do not understand me, Edmund. It is this way," and she clasped her hands about his arm, meeting his grave kind gaze as gravely. " Eileen wished at first to be a nun, she was always out-of-the-way good; but nuns are not the only saints. Then you see she married Lawrence, and she grew better, holier—she is so dear and so good, and seems to me to get nearer to heaven every day. Now Lawrence helped her surely, love made her what she is, I do believe, and Edmund, I know you will make me happy, and everything else, but you have the sole charge of me you know, and I want you to make me 'good. I have that thought about you, Edmund, that you can and will, better than any one I know, and so I want you, dear Edmund, to help me to be good." "I undertake the charge as a solemn trust, and in the fulfilment of that obliga tion I will do my best. I hope I may succeed in making myself good also, my dearest Kate." The trip to Sydney had not yet taken place, but only a few days now remained before our friends were to set out on their journey. • , Bridget and Eileen were alone in the latter's little sitting-room. They were speaking of Eileen's approaching departure, and Bridget had promised to care for her Bister's treasures, living and dead, until her return to the West. Outside in the .garden little Mena wandered singing among the flowers and the birds aim the bees, her hat hanging on her arm, her hair tossed by the breeze and her bright face rosy with health and happiness. She was singing .snatches of old songs Lawrence used to sing, and Eileen bent her head low over her work as she listened. "That child is the sunshine of my life, Bridget. It will be my delight to watch her grow in beauty and wisdom, and I hope in grace. She is so like her father, she resembles him in all ways far more than she resembles me. Come here Mena, my •darling." And the cliild ran at once, it was only to exchange an embrace that she was wanted. The little girl clung with her arms about her mother's neck and exchanged twenty kisses. "Mother, may I stay here by you, and look at dear papa's pretty pictures ?" "Yes; Ajunt Bridget wijl show them to you." for Bridget was turning ov,er the leaves of .Lawrence's portfolio JFull of his drawings and studies. " Dear papa is in heaven, isn't he, mother ? and baby Patrick ? It's grand up in heaven ; I wish I was there. Do you fink I'll go pretty soon, mother ?" " I don't want you to leave me yet, Mena. I should be so lonely without you. Brid get," she added to her sister, " I dare not think of the possibility of losing her. And yet there are times when I tremble lest God should take her from me because I love her so much." As she spoke Eileen knelt by the child and clasped her arms around her. " I hope it is not idolatry—that would be wrong—oh, my God, do not separate me from nay child. Be merciful, and leave her to me, and I will strive not to make her an idol." " There is little fear of losing her, I hope, dear Eileen," said Bridget kindly, "She is the picture of health and strength, and you will take care of her. Please God, she will live to be your comfort and joy." " I'm going to be org'rinder some day," put in Mxma, "and sing songs to you mother down de street, and have a funny little monkey in a red cap to dance for you and me mother—just like any fing." "There's a prospect of pleasure in the future, Eileen," laughed Bridget, and Mena went on encouraged. " I do love org'iinders, dear mother, such lovely music. I 'specks there's a whole lot up in heaven and monkeys too, and other nice fings. 'Cause we is going to have every fing we like." " Mena seems to be full of the thought of heaven to-day," observed Bridget, "at least of her own idea of it." "We talk so often on the subject to gether," replied the mother. "We both ook forward to it as the meaning of our lives, though the monkeys are certainly of Mena's own furnishing, and later on she will know better. But I like the child to think about her eternal home in a "glad, happy way, and not to fear to die. It was Lawrence's idea, not mine, to teach her so. He taught me to have my treasure there," she added in a low voice, " and many times lie used to say, what some one said before him, I forget who, ' If our treasure is on earth, we are going from it, if it is heaven we are going to it.' Mena, my angel, run away and bring me some violets for this vase, dear, these are withered. Bridget," she went on, when the child had gone. " I think he—Lawrence—teaches me still and helps me, perhaps by his prayers, and there are times when I. feel that he is near me. I do not think that death always separates those who love. Only Lawrence is im measurably above me now, a spirit, mighty, noble and perfect himself, and yet himself a thousand times ennobled, I am little, and weak, and unworthy beside him. Yet he is mine, Bridget, mine for ever. In the still watches of the night when the child is asleep, and the dawn of day is so long in coining, I often rise and sit alone just waiting; and sometimes, Bridget, his voice is near me in my spill, leading me on to God, and teaching me to be patient. When the thought of my child comes to me on a spring-tide of love, he checks me and brings the thought of God first, like a hand laid on my lips, or a whisper of a lover. I must not even think too much of him. There seems to be an obstacle in my way to God. I try, oh, I do try, to make a sacrifice of my heart, my dead loves, and my living child. I hope in the end I shall succeed in reaching the goal—rthe gates of the West, but where lpve comes it 'reigns and rales, and human love is the shadow of the divine to come. Bridget, you sympathise with me yet even you, so wise, and kind, and loving, you cannot quite understand—you do not know ?" (To be Continued.) 