A WOMAN'S REASON, ; Scene : A small lei-room a la Japsnaixe. Storks 'clamber over tbe walls and the friexe seem to be a coritinnous crane witb old-rose legs and a purple bill. The air is ^lleil with tbe sharp scent of incense rising from a tiny braiser burnihe! before tbe huee brass Jess on the mantel. The hostess awaits' her guests in. a kimono of- many shodes,her level eiebrcws have a djstinit slant -nd her small teet slip half out of a pHir of sandals at every motion. A Japanese lervant holds back the rattling curtain and a lady enters. ? The iJady : ' Oh, Amy, is that yon f' The hostess '(smiling) : 'No, dear ; it the ghost of my greatgrandmother.' Tbe liady : ' Oh, I see. I've done one of those unnecessary questions, haven't I P' The Hostess (laughiug):'' Yes, but I don't know that you need be proud of it '.' The Lady (looking about) : ' What time is it, anyway i| 1 suppose they don't have clocks in Japan. I'm very carry T The Hcstess : ' A little. No one is likely to come for ten minutes. I got myself into these things ii time to have a dress rehearsal with the tea' tl ings. (Holding up her square sleeve.) Do say « metbing funny, so that I con laugh m this ; it's big enough* to hold a perfect roar.' The Li dy (suddenly) : ' Tom was driving with her Jgain yesterday. Everybody taw them. Isn't it perfectly infuriating F* The Hostess (gently) : ' It is very hard for yon. Do 'you mind it very much, dear ? ' . the Licty (petulantly) : ' Mind it ? Well, I should thiik f did ! Married only six months and to have one's husband going about' with a girl like'that.! An impossible creature who isn't eiren. in one'd own set, ? and who* wears gowns that are simply ghastly.' Tbe-BpB.tess : -^But perhips-Tif you were 1 mpn consuierate; — I mean if you didn't go out ' so much with WU^ Jarns, who was once well known to be rather epris^-' ' r'The Lady (hsstUy) :' ' Oh 1 that's nothing. Tom'isn'fabitjealoas. Neither am I, but he might hani picked but someboely I knew.1' : ,The Hostess (seriouslyj: 'Do you and Tom really care for one another ? ' : The Lady [(staring): ' Of course not. But we don't quirrtl— at least, not in public. Why (flippantly), be iikei that girl better than he does me.' I ' ''-ny Hostess : ' And Will. Jarvis thinks it is ' very 'poor 'taste, eh t' '' The Lady ^lookirig down) : 'Perhaps.' * The Hostess': 'How* can you endure 1 life like this, so full of bitterness and danger to yourself and others ? Why don't yon and Tom part, and.at least live honestly ?. ' Tbe Lady :'' Yon mean divorce, of course. I've thought of that, of course, bat you see I can't-^at least, just yet.' Tbe Hostess: ' Ah, then you do care for Tom a Uttle, after all I ' Be patient and I'm sun it The Lady (laughing) : ' What a senti mentalist you are! Da yon want to know tbe reason ? You know Kittie Hunter— one of my bridesmaids? 'o* the way down the aisle in tha church I overheard her wager a docen pairs of gloves, that J wouldn't live with Tom a year ! Spifeful thing t So you see, I've got to.' ? The Hostess | (looking at her guest curiously : 'Yes. I see. j You've- got to.' 