CHRISTIAN GROWTH. Ihis growing is the business of the Christian life. Our growth, or, as it is technically called, sanctification, is dis tinctly the work of the Holy Ghost. ' The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith.' We shall make no mistake if we put ourselves ' trustingly in His care. To resist is to grieve Him. Grieve not the Spirit of God. Our growth is likely to be gradual. There are some of the lower order of plants, con sisting merely of cellular tissue, which reach their full maturity in short time. A mushroom has been known to grow in a » ? single night from a mere atom to a plant six inches in diameter; but it was only a mushroom after all. It is said that God's people shall grow ' like the cedars of Lebanon.' The cedar takes hold with its roots upon the cliff, resists the winds and tempests, fills the air with its balsamic odors, grows on for a thousand years, gnarled and twisted, but the giant of the forest. So is Christian growth ; here a liiJtle and there a little, but ever more and ? more toward the strength and fullness of noble character. Then the glorious con summation, a man — a man of full stature, a man restored to the image of God. 0, this is worth all the pains of earnest growth. ? When Kepler discovered the law of plane tary distances, he exclaimed, ' 0 God, I thank Thee that I am permitted to thfnk Thy thoughts after Thee.' This is the glory oft manhood, the sublime possibility before us, to share God's thoughts with Him, to outer into the fellowship of His holy purposes, to participate in His work, and ultimately to sit together with Him in His throne. ' Lei this: be -our prayer : That we may come '? unto a perfect man, unto the pleasure of the stature of the fullness of Christ;' that we may hear Him say at last, as of His only begotten and well beloved One, ''Thou also art My son;' partaker of the divine nature by kinship with the Firstborn, who is elder Brother of all.— From ' The Spirit of tlie Age,' by David James Burrell, D.D. 