Aiiioua' Australian Fairies. A CHRISTMAS STORY FOR CHILDREN. BY SPERO, MELIORA. "A SsOi'y, Granule, a .st-ory, please ten us a story?' chimed the children, clus tering touud tuoir grandmother one Christinas Eve. "Let it be an Australian storv." «nid George. "No, one about soldiers and battles, that is what I like," said sturdy Jack. "Tell us an Australian Fairy tale," lisped Eve, lifting her sweet blue eyes to grannie's face. "There are no fairies in Australia," asseried Jack. " Well, a ghost story, then, that will make us all feel eivejjy, and frightened, and cuddle up together, for we shall be mire to think the ghost is coming," said. Kitty. "There, grannie, is a list for you; now which are you going to giyc- us?" "Well," said rnnnt'e, folding her work, ail want it to be an Austra- Jdrfl tale." "Ye#, yes," chorused the little com pany. "And,"" continued grannie, "Eve asks for a fairy tale, and as she is the young est, she shayll have her choice. In spite of Jack's assertion that we have no fairies In Australia, I 6m going to tell one now." "Rcgiu, grannie, begin," chimed each childish voice; "and let it he 'Ofipo upon a time,' that isdciia nice beginning." '' vc-i y" well. Now, all bo quiet, and I will commence." »» S Once upon a time a poor farmer and his wife lived in a little hark-but. away in ihe bush, or forest, of Australia. They were very poor, heean.se it was long, long, ago. and they could not. get very niueh money for their produce. There wore no railroads in those days, and they had to travel so many miles before <Tjcv could sell "it, and often there was nothing in the F >use hut flour, with which they made dampers, and baked them in i:a» hot r.kbes of the log lire llie.v always kepi burning outside the hut. The farmer and his wife would have been lonely without their two little girls, called Handsome and Pot. These children were a. great delight to their parents, who brought them up as well as they could, to be good, useful and industrious children. Handsome, however, grew up to think there was 110 person so into reding as herself. She was selfish, and, I :11a sorry to say. also vain. Pet was riie favorite, for she loved everyone more than herself, and would go to no end of trouble to do a k'nduess for a friend, or relieve her kind parents from anxiety, were it in her iwwer. -Now it happened that the household provisions ran short, and nothing re mained in the little hark lint but a bag of flour. So the farmer and his wife determin ed to go to the nearest town, which was thirteen miles away — to sell a load of coin and potatoes, and bring back I provisions with the money so procured. , They left the two children at home to : look after the house, urging them 10 ire good while they should be away, to see 111:11 vne cows Kepi 0111 or rue crops, ana tl.ey told them to clear up the sticks and fallen branches in the i'eru pud- docks, and to he sura to go to bed early. For it would be late ere they returned. Handsome listened, but made 110 re- ply. I'et threw her arms round her father and mother, and assured them she would remember all they had told her to do. "Good-bye,"- she said. "You shall see how many bon-lires I snail have ready to light wlieu you come home." No sooner were the fat her and mother gone than Handsome declared she was not going to fatigue herself by picking up sticks and moving great branches to inak'e fires to clear (lie paddock, for it made her hands so rough, and the sun would burn her like a black fe.liow, "You can go. Pet, for you like that sort of work; but I want to be a lady and have tine white hands, and a fair complexion. Resides, I am very pretty, but you are very ordinary. Nobody would look a second time at you. I mean to tie a grand lady. I shall marry a rich man, ride in my carriage, anil wear silk dresses, I shall just go and try on that silk dress of mother's," to .see how I look." She went then to her mother's room, opened a box, took out an old-fashioned blue silk and began to decorate herself, trying on one piece of finely after an other, and looking at herself hi the glass. So she .spent the morning, while Pet, like the conscientious little girl she was, went out and gathered up the sHf'Wfi m.nk-3ri!rT nvlnr lwrnnt? liof,...n Ai.-. mrwoj LTV. LUL L, villi- ner time. At last, feeling hungry, Tot went home to get something to eat, and just as she reached the hut, a black man came up to the door. He was a very ugly little Aboriginal, and Pet felt afraid of him at first. How ever, she gained courage, when he said in English; "Good day. pieauinnie. Me one big hungry. Gib poor Billey, tea, sugar, damper.'' He continued to enumerate his wants, till Pet thought he never meant to stop. Handsome came out to see who it was. She was still decked in her mo ther's silk dress. Pet laughed, for she looked so ridiculous. This made my lady angry, and she spitefully ordered the blackfeiiow awav. "Go away at once," she said, stamp ing her foot, "We have nothing to give you. There is only one damper in the house, and I want part of it: we cannot afford to part with one slice." "Me welly, welly big one hungry,"' said Billy persistently. "Poor Billy. I am sorry for "you, fbr I am hungry too," said Pet. "so I will snare my damper with you, and then you must go awav." "Let him go and catch 'possums, the lazy old thing. Why should we give him our dinner? He shall uot have any of mine," said Handsome. Mi thou t replying, Pet cut the damper In two, gave half to her sister, and divided the oilier with Billy, who con sented tx> depart. Handsome ate every bit of -her half without offering to share it with Pet, who felt just as hungry as before, when she again put on her print sun bonnet and returned to the fern pad dock. She worked diligently for a long tune placing the branches into heaps ready for burning, and was just about to lift a larger one than usual when, to- her amazement, she saw what appeared to be a number of sticks with long legs. She put down her hand to touch one, when it took to Its legs and ran along the grass. Pet was greatly astonished, for she had never seen a stick mautus before, and, her curiosity excited, she laetermined to follow it, being anxious, to exainiue this curious creature. The niautus, fiudng himself pursued, extended from his stiek - like back two lovely yellow wings, cud fiew from tree ,to tree, and Pet, more than ever eager ito possess it, followed as fast as slie could run, so as not to lose sight of it. After pursuing for some time, the little girl came to a standstill in a slrauge part, of the forest, Cor .the mnntus alighted on the Iwugh of an enormous .dead tree, so large, she had never seen anything like it before. While lookiug up longingly at the bl eed that was fur above her reach, she heard u rustle in the bushes, and pre sently Billy, Hie black, was at her Bide. Picauiuuy want get up tree?" said lie. "Billy show how." Taking his tomahawk, ho went up to the tree, and cut out pieces of hark, making holes up the stem of the tree lai-ge enough to insert his foot, or, rather, his toes. Theu lifting Pet on to his shoulder, he held her high eunuch to reach n honch. so that she was enabled to go up the .tree herself without his help, -When a good way up, she called out, "Thank you. Billy, I am going to the top to explore this tree. Come back nnd show me how to get home by and by, and when father and mother come home you shall have some tea and sugar." "So long." said Billy, and lhen disap peared among the hushes. Ou, on climbed Pet, and the higher she got the louder came sounds from .within- the tree. "What can it be?" said Pet to her self. "There is something very strange here. I must find out what ii is." As she rested on a bough, she looked up and saw above her a large mother hear, with her little baby bear by her side. She seemed a quiet, old tliiug, and only left off eating a gum leaf to stare at Pet, and -when she found there was uo danger of her little baby being hurt by the little girl, she went, ou calmly eating, while she held on to the tree with both anus and -feet. "She does not make the sounds I hear," thought Pet. So on she climbed a little higher. Presently she came to a large hole in tthe side of the tree. "Where does this lead to, I wonder?" mused she. "but I shall soon find out. for in I go." She stepped into the open- ing, ami was quite dazzled at the sight before her. She had reached Fairyland at last. She felt sure. It was the most beauti ful place she had ever seen. The hollow in the tree was like a hall or bower, and quite large enough for Iter to stand upright in. She Ilea rd tinkling, giugling sounds, .which, she concluded, must be Fairy, music, and tlieu quite a concert of birds singing away at the end of the bower. At first she could see very little, com ing so suddenly out of the sunlight; but as her eyes became accustomed to the subdued light, her wonderment in creased, for the whole place was ablaze with pretty colors. The floor was Covered with a lovely carpet of emerald green moss. Branches were woven into an arched roof, from which -suspended Inn itches of piuk and red seaweed and coral, -with bright penri- shells clinging to them. The floor was strewn with gold dust; precious stones, pieces of bright ore, iron, pyrites, pretty pebbles, and nuggets of gold. (To be continued next week.) 