* N'nn-0B.T£. Br J. O. B, At Aaron's Hotel, Sydney, there -was a medical reunion last week. Our most prominent leeches met on the neutral floor of a large h»M to dine, Sad drink, and smoke, and sing; and give an all ? round defiance to -he lightning. I don't know if 4 it ever struck yon, bnt there's something 'weirdly \ droll in a doctors* party. Squatted round the : table, sometimes on it. oco&sionallv; ( seldom now adays, bnt not even yet nnknown) occasionally, as I observed, under it, they behave once in a : 'Way like rational men, snapping their fingers at physiology and its cbmands. Mind yon, I honour them for it. The man that doesn't every now «nd then — not too often — sit np and d ? the ** ologies,' is mostly a poor thing. Eh Men ! If the malades imaginaires of any great city — the curious old people of both Boxes who read medical works and think they've got every ailment atween the covers — conld only drop in a body into a doctors' ' reunion ' and see their medical advisers ' spreading' themselves, what a commo tion there'd be to be Bure ! It would be hard to say which body— the revellers or the visitors would be most to be commiserated. The former would lose hope, the latter faith — while charity would, probably, be conspicuously absent from both sides. If anything would cure an elderly lady of pronounced, insomnia it would be the sight of her medical attendant singing a comic song. If that wouldn't dive her a sleep, possibly a loner one, chloral would be useless, and all the bromides out of the running. Then success to medical re unions say I, coupled with sincere regret that I wasn't at the recent one. ? * * * It was a good idea to start with Niagara to show what water conld do. If the biggest fall of all could be harnessed, the little ones would naturally have to fall into line and show what they could do in the way of turning spindles, working sewing machines, and lighting towns. Professor Forbes, at present on a visit to Sydney, knows, probably, as much of Niagara as any man living. He has viewed it as a tourist, an artist, an engineer. And as Drill-sergeant Blucher said on seeing London, ' Mein Gofct ! Vat a place to blander ! ' bo, apparently, Professor Forbes stands near the ' Horse-shoe ' and mutters, ' What a waste of force, what a power to purloin ! ' And they are purloining it, too, stealing it at such a rate that before long a canoe along the cataract will have to paddle down the river, if there's any left, and then stick on the ledge. . . The Australasian United Axemen's Association has sent an axe to Mr. Gladstone. How reminiscent such a present is of the gift a good-natured friend or relative makes you — when you d©n't want it, when the time when it might have been useful has passed for ever. ? * * * ' Acting the legitimate drama of the goat ' is a forcible but familiar way of intimating that eomebody's making a fool of himself. In Adelaide last week Mr. A. Itudd combines the two parts — the goat and the ghost — and was fined £4 5s for the combination. It was this way : At dead of night he left the Wesleyan cemetery in a Bheet, and on reaching the highroad said ' Thoma.6 Meddal, I claim you ' to a person of that name just passing. ' Take me ' responded the un abashed Tom as he gave the spirit a severe blow of a bludgeon about an inch over the left temple. The opinion is almost universal that an inch lower and the ghost would have never walked again. Some regret is further expressed that 'twasn't that distance under. The apparition started like a guilty thing, which was no wonder, considering it had. been lifted a foot off the ground by the impact. Then came a scrimmage, a rending of the spirit's veil, and a full exposure of Bndd, who was obliged to bare at a run into the wan moonlight, with Meddal clattering at his heels. ? * * * * The police court, the fine, and the magistrate's comments on the foolish business tell the re mainder of the story. But there are some re flections that will inevitably occur to a healthy mind in connection with the silly affair. One is that, if you're bent on being a shade before your time, it is as well to make sure of the person you shadow — to study his idiosyncrasies and ascer tain how he'd probably behave in novel circum stances. It was through neglect of this obvious canon of procedure that Itudd ran against the wrong maD. He had a wolf by the ears from the start. Again, to leave a 'Wesieyan cemetery at midnight but arouses suspicion. The menibera of that pushing persuasion are so earnest in life and in death that when one of them is properly ' planted ' he's done with. Ghosts of other deno minations have been known to walk, to revisit the glimpses of the moon, to bear tidings of joy or sorrow to afflicted relatives. But, so far, no well authenticated case of aMethodist spectre has been brought forward. Once down, they are as well and truly laid as the foundation-stone of a pyramid.' Nothing but the ultimate tramp will arouse them. A superficial or a flippant writer might work in here eome ghastiiness such as ' Ruddier than the cherry,' the dangerous person to ' Meddal ' with, and other impertinences bearing on the names of the principals. The subject Is too serious for such levity. The one opinion that can be confidently ventured in view of the whole affair is that when Mr. Bndd next takes upon himself to appear in a supernatural character he'll avoid moonlight, Wedeyan churchyards and ill- fitting or easuy tom sheets.' Moreover, when he hears of a new medal's being struck for any object he'll pause and think. ? * * * Tfrg cause of the Italian discomfiture in Abys sinia has come to light. It all arose from young faroops and wild firing. The men, especially if taken from Northern Italy, are probably equal to ihe best European forces. Old soldiers have often told me how in the Crimea the Sardinians were reckoned among the smartest columns engaged in loosening EuBsia'B grip of the ' Unspeakable,' a grip which, it is to be hoped, one of these days wEl see tightened, never again to be relaxed. True, they ware but few, bu^ weak as they wore, they showed at the Tchernaya what Btuff was in them. About Hie southern Italians I cannot speak so confidently. Owing to variouB causes — politics, religion, race, an indolent life, a volup tuous climate, and half a dozen other things — they are not considered such efficient food for powder as the northern men. It is almost certain that the forces of TH^g Humbert were in pos session of the most modern arms — machine guns, magazine rifles, and long-range cannon. To such materiel were opposed rude weapons and loose discipline. Yet the latter won. To be sure Menelek's people were vastly superior innumbers, but one -would fhinir that superiority in materiel would more than make up for deficiency in men. The Abyssinian debacle was merely a confirma tion of what old officers have been preaching for years — that it is all the Bame whether you have five cartridges or 500 in your magazine if you can hit nothing. The Italians, raw troops, pro bably, fired wild and high ; the Shoans took ad vantage of every inequality in the ground, dodging iehind rocks and tussocks and grass till the time came for a rash. Then all waB over. ? ♦ * * In a crowd, the savage with his deadly blade is superior to the European with his 6ft. weapon. In olden times the Legions with their short swords made short work of the long-speared men, once they got among them. I doubt if, with the rifle and bayonet but no amunition, any regular troops in ihe world could stand a charge of Zulus. ' Young troops fight well, but they manoeuvre badly,' said Wellington. He would probably have added, ' they fire badly,' but that he spoke at a time when firing was of mush less moment than it is to-day. The Brown Bess, while of no particular range, possessed a bewilder ing inaccuracy. No two pieces were ever known to threw a ball in the same direction — no single piece to send two consecutive bullets along similar trajectories. It was with the bayonet that the French of Wellington's time cleared many a field — it was with the same weapon that the British stood many a shock. In those days fire was of comparatively Blender importance ; it is para mount in these. In a tantrum I one day said to a recruit of the 70th Regiment : ' What the ? are you filing at ; I can't see a nigger, and I'll 6wear you can't f ' He was just emptying his pouch into a patch of bush, and ruining- II. Bull in ammunition. All of which goes to show that the battles of the future will probably be won not by numbers, but by small, excellently disciplined bodies, whose members have been so sifted and taught and tried that every man can be depended upon not to waste a cartridge. A few minutes with the pick and shovel in the field would place one such body in a position from which ten times its number could not drive it. I — and the Com mander-in-Chief — entertain that opinion- Lord Wblseley was always reasonable. ? * * * * People of mature years often say, ' I wish I could be sure of living for 50 or 100 years, or of returning to the earth in that time, if only to see the vast changes that have taken place.' But it is only necessary to attend one of the Rev. ? Haskett Smith's lectures to learn that, after six or seven thousand years, people are about where they were, or, perhaps, a little behind. If so little change has occurred in, such a lapse, what reason is there to suppose tbat any great altera tion in men and their ways will take place during the century whose foot-falls are already upon the threshold f Hunger and love, love and hunger, there you have humanity's great motive powers, and they were as potent in old Egypt as in New Australia. What mav, probably will, occur during the lifetime of infants at piesent Bucking their thumbs will be immense strides in the physical and the mechanical sciences (not in the abstract), advances that may enable husband and wife to see through each other mentally as well as materially, that will permit of the tired city man's bestriding the lazy-pacing clouds and sailing upon the bosom of the air when his week's work is over, and he wants an outing till Monday morning. But the why ? and the whence ? and the whither ? can be confidently depended upon to remain just as the Old Egyptian party left them ever so long ago. Buckle, when travelling through Egypt — it was his la'st journey, worse luck for English letters — found that every stone suggested speculation, every mound awoke re flection. Think of that 1500-ton pebble that Mr. Smith tells us is to be seen in a certain wall. The first man you meet will tell you that a British or an Australian contractor would shift the thing- to any place, or raise it to any height, if anybody made it worth his while. But there's not on this earth at present a machine capable of taking it from where those old chaps took it, and placing it where they placed it. Why, look at the transport of a 40-ton gun. We have to con struct special machinery to lift, and special roads to bear it. Then fancy 40 such guns all in one piece. Imagine George- street after the passing of such a block. You would have to dig for the thoroughfare if you ever wanted to see it again. No ; while the end of ihe next century will un doubtedly see us ahead of the old fellows in many things, it will as certainly see us leagues behind them in others. Last Saturday afternoon a largely attended meeting of ladies and gentlemen interested in the Kindergarten movement was held at Government House, Sir Frederick Darley presiding. A motion pledging the meeting to support the 'Kindergarten Union in its work was carried amid applause. Mr. J- L. Parsons, of Adelaide, who recently returned from a special Government mkeion to the Far East, has been in communication with the Prime Minister of Japan relative to the recent treaty which has been accepted by Great Britain and America, It was suggested by Mr. Parsons that ihe Japanese Premier should, if possible, give information and assurances which would allay the apprehensions of the workers of the colonies and convince the public leaders that there was nothing to fear. Marquis Ito replied to the effect that the subject was under negotiation between Great Britain and Japan, and he had no doubt that a satisfactory solution would be reached. He thought the fears alluded to by Mr. Parsons were misplaced, and his experiences taught him that apprehensions which were without substan tial foundation were the most difficult to allay. 