BREVITIES. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — Princess Louise, in celebration of her silver wedding, was presented by a Scotch regi ment with a silver model of a Highland soldier. The Princess of Wales is to receive from Kirkwall a chair constructed from oak which for 350 years had formed a portion of it. ? * . * m u ? ?_ /-WU-Jwtl me rooi Ol Dt. aiagiiua o uttiuoiuw. The Kaiser is building a gigantic cathedral in Berlin, the dome of which is to eclipse that of St. Peter's at Home. Over 700 cats were on view at the Crystal Palace Cat Show, embracing all varieties and colours, including that very rare creature the tortoiseshell torn. The price set upon one cat was J6500. The Prince of Wales has renewed the lease ' for Kennington Oval. There was a fear that this 6pace, so valuable for building, might be lost to the oricket world. The daily water supply of London for August exceeded 196,980,028gals. Auto -cars will be much en evidence in London when the Act comes into force. The latest novelty is a horseless hearse. A syndicate is being formed to supply hot water in the streets of London on the penny in-the-slot principle. The heat will be sup plied by the street lamps, and a penny will socqre a gallon of boiling water. - ' Denmark promises to provide us with mill.- frozen into bricks, a syndicate having been formed in Copenhagen for the regular supply of milk ice, A ghost is supposed to haunt the village of Booking, in Essex. Several families when walking alone in the darkness are said to have been terribly alarmed to find a iwflJrt ghost gK noiselessly alongside them. . The i most common name of babies in Rngkml and Scotland is Smith. The 'RngftftTy Smiths are 1 in 72 of the infant population j the Scotch baby Smith is X ill 70, but . he has a rival in At'Don&ld;, who ftlamiB about the same proportion. In Ireland, the Murphy baby is 1 in 75. A cycling paper says the wheel has led to a decrease in the number of spinsters. A London magistrate, replying to a wife's complaint, said a husband could stay in bed for three months Rnd refuse to see a doctor if he chose* A magistrate told an ill-used husband that he could not have a separation, though one could be granted to the wife of a. cruel hus band. A London cabman was fined for refusing to drive a lady unless his right fare was ex ceeded. A coal porter, fined for disorderly conduct, contended that bad language was second nature to men of his class. A man was fined for poaching at Castle Eden, and under an old Act he was further fined for committing the offence on a Sunday. Female infanticide is said to be carried on with impunity in some parts of India, the birth of a girl being still regarded as a misfortune. About 250 female infants die to 100 maleB. An Amerinfln nrnfARKCir nrnfesses to have | discovered, from experiments made with | animals, that aged people could be reju- , ; venated by splicing them, like the Siamese i j Twins, to young and vigorous persons. The German Astronomer Royal, in his i official capacity, announces that the world | will not come to an end before the present i century is out. A young Austrian officer became engaged to a young lady with a dowry of 1,000,000 florins. To settle with his creditors and make the marriage possible he insured his life for 800,000 florins and raised the needful money on the policy. The engagement was, however, broken off, whereupon the officcr committed suicide, and the com panies refuse to pay the holders of the policy on the ground that the deceased contem plated suicide when ho insured his life. An aerolite fell in Belgium, injuring a man who was working in the fields. It weighed 301b., one side being smooth and covered with what resemble hieroglyphics cut by means of an instrument. Some try to think it may be a message from Mars. 