AT TI1E BATTLE OF FLOWERS. I was lolliu ; on one of the wooden seats, and basking in the morning sunshine on La Croisette ' at Cannes-. It was five or six years ago. The blinds of the white-fronted Cerole Nnutiquo were carefully drawn, to protect the complexions i of the olTe or two elderly members reading the i newspapers in the big room; the little enclosure jn front of the club was encumbered with . mountains of- cane-bo'tomed chairs, to be used when the' military band played in the afternoon; J Ru mpelmeyer s, best and most expensive of j afternoon tea-haunts, slumbr-red in the sun light ; and from 1he depths of a grove of pAlms and orange tress in the garden of the Grand Hotel the drowsy burden of a Neapolitan song J was wafted on the warm air. j > The sea sparkled and flashed ; the yellow ' -sunlight on the road and the walls of the garden's made one's eyes ache. Near in by - the narrow harbour, and out by the green islands, the little pleasure bonts which are | peculiar to Cannes tacked and turned like sea- I hirda skimming over the blue waters. . j Presently an old gentleman who was sitting at I the other end of the bench began to talk to me. j Ha was grey-baired and distinguished- looking, j and wore the smalj red ribbon of the Legion of j Honour in the button-bole of his tight-fitting I #ock coat. He was not a Frenchman, however, \ although an old resident in ' n nnes He told j ' me a number of interesting faet« connected I i with the town in theearlv days of its popularity. \ .But what interested me most was his istory j relating to the big white villa on our left. j It was a large bouse standing back from the j dusty road behind two iron . gates and a low , atone wall. There was a grass-sown lawn be- j tween the carriage drive Bnd the parapet of the ; wall ; and two or three big palms, the highest | trees on the Croisette, throw their black , shadows upon the rows of closely shuttered windows. It was a solidly-built, stately kind of 'house, but in the staring front and shuttered . windows there was a depressing aspect, which my companion pointed out.to me. "You notice that it is unoccupied, although the season is at its height," he remarked. " It is ten years now since anyouelived there, and I doubt verr much if it will ever "be occupied again. There are people who say that it is haunted." " And is it haunted ?" I asked. Perhaps it is haunted for the owners," he ri plied enigmatically. "Have you happened to remark the carvings on the gates ? No ! Well, if you look, you will see the Imperial Eagles of Russia on both gates. The place belongs to the Imperial Family — to one of the Grand Dukes. ' i " Haunted !" be repeated. " If it is so — |aud who shall say that such things may not Bfe, sir ? — it is haunted by the ghost of a very beautiful and very unhappy lady— the last person who ever lived within those walls, sir, i She was quite young— two or three arid twenty > —with the splendid darkhair and glorious eyes of the women of the South of France. Tall and Blender, gracious and graceful, in good health, she muBt have been one Of the handsomest women in Europe When I saw her, disease had already dulled the lustre of her eyes and hollowed the fullness of her face. I can remem- member her sad smile of welcome, when I was first shown in to her presence, as well as if it was j yesterday. She was lying on a couch before the blazing wood-fire, in one of the front rooms looking out over tbe bay. and the elderly dame de compagme who had summoned me introduced me to my patient without a word of explanation as to the nature of her complaint. 44 4 Am I so ill as they say, Doctor ?' she asked in a low sweet vcice. 4 Do not be afraid j to tell me the truth.' j " It was not a pleasant question to answer. ! I may say, that at this time I had some slight j reputation for my method of treating chest I cases - 1 have long since ceased to practice — and there could be no doubt ttiab there was chest trouble here. I made my examination : hope less—the lungs going like dry paper in a red fire, and a consuming fever to fan tne fatal < flame. It was the horribly rapid destruction of ! a naturally stroug constitution that had received j a death-blow. She was doomed. Of course I j did not tell her so ; but I enjoyed absolute j quiet and the greatest care, making a cheerful j allusion to the healing powers of the sunny j days in store for us, now that a windy February ! was nearly over. » 44 ' Shall I be well enough to be out on the j day of the Battle of Flowers ?' she asked. 4 It j is on on the 14th of March, you know.' j 44 1 told her that this must depend on her caution and patience. Then I promised to come ! to se.e her. again ana went out with the elderly, grey-baired companion. You may imagine j that 1 put a good number of questions to this grave-visaged lady. It is essential to a physi- ciau to be acquainted with the history of tbe j case on which his advice is sought — the begin i ning of the evil, its course, and 6o forth. But | precious little assistance did I obtain. My - beautiful patient had evidently forbidden her dependent to give me auy information. She had no frieuds or relations, I was told, who could be summoned to the sick-bed. She was living alone in the big villa, with newly engaged servants to wait upon her, and not a soul to cheer her through the long dull days of illness but the taciturn companion. 44 Well, sir, I made my way straight to the house-agents and bankers, determined to find out all that was possible concerning the matter, 't he agent — an exceedingly able and obliging gentleman — would tell me everything he knew. Oddly enough fie knew nothing. " 4 You ask who and what is Madame Gregory, the tenant of the Villa St. Marguer ite,' said my friend, 4 1 wish to heayen you could tell us ! We know no more than the man in the moon. All I can tell you is— she is fabu lously rich, and she has got us into a lot of ti ouble, and lost us an account which we highly prizid.' 44 It appeared that early in the autumn tbe agent was instructed by tbe Imperial owners to find a tenant Tor the villa. Just about Christmas this Madame Gregory applied for it ; a provisional agreement was made -the negotia tiens to be held open for a few days. In t hose few day 8 came a- despatch from St. Petersburg saying that the Grand Duke himself meant to occupy the house with his young bride. The agents tried to break off the agreement, but could not do so. They had let the villa, but . the price was not yet settled. So they deter mined to get rid of Madame Gregory by making a preposterous demand. They named; an absurdly large sum ; the lady agreed to it with out a word of expostulation, and the contract ' had to be signed. The Grand Duke, it seemed, was furious, and an Imperial — and imperious — client was lost to the agency. "Now, air, you will hardly credit it, but for three weeks I atteuded my lovely patient, for three weeks I played the part of a private detective, questioning servants, tradesmen, &c.; for three weeks I enjoyed a growing friend- . ship with my poor charge — without, in .the slightest degree, piercing the mystery which surrounded her. 44 It cut me to the heart to watch this beauti ful young creature fading away, alone and friendless— to realise that she was unhappy, \- that some crushing sorrow was fighting agaiust the yopng life, side by side with the fell disease — and yet to have no clue to lighten the dark ness about her. Who can minister to a mind \- .diseased ? 1 had a thousand suspicions, but never once made a guess within leagues of the truth, until one day chapce lifted the veil. 4t l was sitting, by , her bedsid&,. willingly watting an hour, in the endeavour to brighten the sombre, monotony of her loi-g dis by a little gossip of the outside world, when — as »i.e moved restlessly — there fell from beneath hi r pillow a heavy trinket. I stooped to pick it up, aud involuntarily examined it. 44 It was an exquisite gold-framed miuiature set with precious stones, and surmounted by the Imperial crown of Russia in brilliants. But it j was the face — the man's face in the miniature | — that startled me so violently I murmured , the man's name as I handed the trinket back to her trembling hands. 44 4 Yes. It is the Grand Buke Gregory | Gregorcvich of Russia, and — my husband.' she ! said slowly, and then burst into a torrent of tears. The companion hastened to her side, begging and praying her to compose, herself and to say no more. I 44 But I said, 4 My poor child, tell me every- | thing. Look at my grey hairs I am old enough I to be your father. And are not doctors the priests of modern life ? Confess yourself to I me, and let me help you if I can.' " Well, then, sir, little by little her story i came out — a story so common that you, as a | man of the world, will probably have heard j many similar. I will give you the briefest out- j line, though, to me, the unhappy girl poured j out ber whole heart, and filled in every little ! detail' of her ramancewith the marvellous power ! which comes only from der-p feeling ! 44 This Russian was a scoundrel — a cowardly, ! cold-planning villain. I can't help being warm, j sir. He came to Algiers on a Russian man-of- ! war, at the time when the girl's father, a great French contractor, was engaged on the harbour works, and the family were living in a big villa above the town. The sailor-prince deliberately set himself to win the girl's heart. The weeks rolled by, the ship should long ago have sailed, but the Royal commander lingered. One night they were married— solemnly, formally married — in their own names, before the French consul at Algiers. The girl had no shade of doubt as to the validity of the contract ; the man know that it was absolutely worthless. That, sir, is Russia's Imperial method of seduction. 44 Then followed desertion, excuses, lies, and. finally, the intimation that the Czar had refused his ratification of the union. Disgraced and dishonoured, her father and mother dying of the bitter shame, the poor creature found her way to St. Petersburg, to plead her cause with the great tyrant, and arrived only to find the man who had ruine 1 her on the eve of solemnising his marriage with another womau. " She was standing in the snow, outside the church, and the bridegroom saw her, and his face turned pale as he passed in to vards the high altar. She was sta ndingn the snow, out side the ptllace, while the marriage feast pro ceeded. Someone saw the desolate black figure from the palace windows. An order was given, and she was driven away by the Imperial Guards at the point of tbe bayouet. 44 4 I shall see him once again, Doctor,' she said. 4 Look you, the newspapers say he will be here before the first Battle of Flowers. Ho wanted to bring ber to this house. He does not guess who is his tenant.' 44 I soothed ber as well as I could. I knew now why "she clung to the idea of being out for the Battle of Flowers, and I let her think she would be well enough to be prese nt, though I knew there would be. no chance of it. 44 Now see how strangely Providence, Fate, bliud chance — call it what you will : — orders thipgs to pass. I shall never forget that 14th of March. The mistral was blowing, and the white dust was winding along the Crois tte — one of those horrible March days which we sometimes have here. I was taking my little niece to see the flower battle, and she was de lighted with the music of the band, the beauti fully decorated carriages, tbe ram of blossoms when parties of friends passed each other ; while I was shivering, and wondering at the folly and extravagance of the whole business. 44 My little niece and I passed this very seat, sir, and had reached that further palm, when shouts and cheering further down attracted my attention to an approaching vehicle. In a moment I ri cognised the splendid black horses — Romanoffs — and the gaudy liveries of the servants. The wheels and body of the barouche, the harness of the hoises ami box-seat were hidden by a thick covering of white floweis — lilies- of-the-valley, white iilac, tuberoses — the most expensive flowers, costing thousands and thousands of francs. The carriage was the success of the afternoon. It had won the first prize— a gorgeous silk banner— and the Grand Duke Gregory aud his fair young bride were in the most affable humour, bowing and laughing and flower-throwing with the greatest energy. 44 Precisely where I was standing a block occurred. The while carriage came to a stand still. Instinctively I looked across the road to the Villa St. Margueri te. To my horror and amazement my patient was standing in the gar den, with her hands on the low wall, staring with fixed eyes into the Royal carriage. Sud denly he saw her, started to his feet amid the mass of blossom, and s'ood staring back at the woman he hail wronged with a look of deadly terror in his heavy face. Then I saw her lift a bouquet in her hand ; but at the same moment a convulsive tit of coughing seized lier. She staggered and reeled, held the white flowers to her mouth, and in an instant they were red, then huried them in the man s face, and fell ; back into the companion's arms, while the car riage rolled on, and the bride and bridegroom the lilies and the lilac, were spattered and stained by her life's blood. Yes. sir, it was fine, was it not ? I shall never forget it. She was dead before I had crossed the road and en tered the garden. Sudden haemorrhage, &c.; I 44 She was buried in the cemetery over yonder —a huge white sarcophagus, dominating the hill and the harbour— we ought to be able to see it from where we sit — and deeply cut on one face- of it (the face which points to Russia) were the plain words, 4 Here lies '—I won't tell you the name— 4 lawful and only wife of Greg ory Gregorovifcch, Grand Duke and Arch- Traitor of Russia,. That was all. But the Czar heard of that inscriptiou, made strei: uous representa tions, and the French Gov» rnmeut offered syco phantic apologies, ar.d chiselled it out — cut it clean away; so that if you go to the cemetery and look at the great white tomb, you will see no word or syllable to tell you it marks the resting- place of a deeply- wronged woman. 44 But I have wearied you with this narrative. Sir, I have the honour to wish you good morn- ing.'"— 44 The World." 