TtiAVELiJLiKR. OT THE '3TELVIO. Neu-Sponding is not a town, as its namo would seem- to it^ioato, nor is it even a village ; it is merely a tavern which is run by a woman, and a very pretty woman, too, vriiose low, soft voioo seems to oaptivate you tho moment you hear it. and whioh enables her to overcharge you without a single pro tost on your part. She has, I understand, been very soooessful in the hotel busisoss. Tho tavern is situated at tho oross-roads. and from the corner of the holel begins the long, straight road that leads to tho Tyrol ese ond of the Stolvio Pass, tho highest road pass in Europe. When I reached Neu-Sponding it was dark , and had been dark for some time. The slow bus set me down there with a groat ap* petite, and I must admit that the hotel pro vided an execedingly good dinnor, witn an oxccllont half bottle of Tyrolese wine. If yon know the right kind of iHne to ask for, you get a very excellent drink. There Is a | factory at Botzen whore thoy mako wino out ; of logwood and something else whioh is fix- | ported as Tyrolese wine, but £ understand it { is cot so good as that mado from tbe gronos whioh clotho the hillsidosof tho Tyrol. Ihe stuff brewod at tho factory is for export only and *0 there is no publio opinion about ft locally, hut tbe pooplo of the Tyrol know bcttrr than to drink it. When I awoke iu the morning and looked out ot tho window I found that I wan at tho very end of the earth. The mountain rose opposite my window with only the width of the road, the main road leading to Moran, between the earth and the window. 1 looked out of the window to see the top, of the liill. but up, and up, went, tho earth. Then I raised the window and put my hood out, garing upwards, trying to sec the top ofthe mountain but I could not see it. It is one of these place* tbaMt takes two men to see tho top of, aa the old ioko has it. On tho other eiao of tbe hotel tuoro ip a wide and extensive I view ; yon cau see across the valley for two miles, then oome tremendous hill*, and over the tops of the first mountains oan bo seen the snowy peaks of the groat Ortier Range. Tho : Old Ortier itself, tho Mont Blanc of the Tyrol, is not to be seen from any valley. To j get a view of it, you um&t; climb for thousands | of feet up tho pass. It is a beautiful moan* tain, shaped something like the bald head of an intellectual man, covered with eternal snow. The morning was lovely, without a cloud in the sky, and I resolved to foot it up tbe 8tdvio Pass, at least far enough to get a sight of Old Ortier. I took a oamera with me, aoamoramodo iu Milan, which carries the continental size of glass, which diffors somewhat from the English and American measurement of plate* It was a new kind | of oamera*, and represented the highest dove- ! lopment of camera-making as understood by : the Italians. It would do anything from a snap-shot to a time exposure. I had been two months in Switzerland with a brand now knapsaokbought in London, and it seemed a pity to carry that knapsack baok to London without ever onoe having had it on my baok. I felt I oould not con* soientiously meet the ghost of John Brown, whose knaps jok was strapped upon his baok. if I did not carry my knapsack for at least ; ono day's journey ; so 1 put the oamera in the knapsack along with tobaooo and other necessities of life and started np the Stolvio. j Tho first two miles of the toad were level walking ; . then I passed through the very I muddy village of Prad, Ihe village of Prad I iB noted for the great rush of water through. and for the innui&dnible; orooifixes stuok in all possible positions along the streets. I counted seventeen, and I don't know how many more there' might have been ; many of them supporting life-siaed images so ghastly | that a man passes on and tries to forget them I as soon as ne oan. Id no country of tho 1 world are there so many crucifixes as in the T^rol. At Prad the stoop climbing began, and from therein it was steadily upwards by a brawling stream whioh rushed through the village of Prad, and wad oonduoted hero and there through the place to drive water wheels, and wash shirts in, The scenery 1b of the wildest ponlble description, for always ;the road ^borders ? tb e lashing torrent, jrtdoh^ tpourB uown trppi tne ^mountains wim next abd^«e- ttiiy cascade. ,- ; I reaohed Gomagoi; which is 4,266 feet above the sea,. about lunch time : and X am pleased to say that l did the road from Neu Bpondioiig io Gomagoi, frhput six miles, In slx^onrs^ Ibaye no wish to brag of my most people, ladies' inoluded, do it 4n rwo honzf, so I Ilka to break the zeoord. Tbe innkeeper himself admitted that , during the twenty three years he. had been there nobody, had evertaken so iongatimeaaldld.i : 'Gomagol is splendidly situated at the entrance of the Suidenthal I that,, of oourse, means valley, and the Sulden vallBy enters the Traf oi valley, np whioh the Btelvlo funis. They have built a new. road np the Suldenthal. and here a new hotel nroprietor I calls at the Chamonnix of.'he Tyrol. Just above the place, where I had lunoh there-is built a fori, almost aoross tho -pass, with great, gates which can be shot at any time and sikop traffic. 80 if at any time Italy, at I tempts to. aliaek Arabia ovee th« Stolm | Paw she will meet with a hard nut -to oraok at the oldstone fort with its grim rows of cannon. ' It was evening when I ieaohed the village of Trafdi, 6,380 feet above Xhelevelof the sea. Just before reaching jhe village a wonderful sight -burst upon the irslydler. The great Ortier range , domes into view; oovered with 6now; 'The village ^tself ia wtuatrid npon the ~odge of a tremendous precipioe,' with the roar pi the river nmntrtne air. xugnt in front are glaciers coming down into the valley, glisten ing oool and green in jhe evening light. ; I thought I would takeaph^tographof the vill age and soenesabont it and so setup my cam pra,-whsn-I found, -Jm I might have ex peuted. tbat the 'new-fangled thing wouldn't i woric.1 SfWnething' had gone wrong with the shutter.^ It takes .*& amateur photographer tonndaratand theagotiyHof suoh a discovery. AtTrafoi there iwaS no place where I oould ; oxtunino the.oamera; I^needed.'a dark room, i I^Eesblved.NtoH.spena the /^ght -atthe Nett -1 : fens* «-m , estobrienoe } thxtr theinight -itteU Vwould^-iiot'ibe dadc ' ^mougb^ vxS^t thete .-wsee ihutten oo the viii^^axid xhx iavesiigallwi £ touqA there were no diuttors. So I had to crawl Prematurely under tho blankets with tbe op mora borfdo too. and smoko a dfcaretto to give a sort of firefly kind of light, to try and find out what was tho matter wilh the camera, bocAuse with aonsitive plnlrs inside ono cannot investigate thn interior of a enmorain dsjliffht. Fortunately, t hero was just room enough in thin rcMtriotod position to swear frculy. 1 found I oouldn t metul tho oamora, Init fixod tiio instncitnnoouR shutter open and eovercd it with the eap fo that I might tako so-callod timo oxposuros. 