SPORTING. SPORTING KOTES. [Bv Tarqutn. | Racing men iu South Australia are not permitted to remain idlelong. On Monday next they will have the S.A.J.C. Winter Meeting at Morphettville to engage their attention, and, judging from the acceptances received this week, there will be some capital bport. The fields will, numerically speaking, be strong, and the various events will certainly take some picking. In order that the last race need not be decided in the dark, the Club have agreed to open the proceedings a quarter of an hour earlier than usual—a change it will be well to note. Fifteen have been left in the Hurdle Race, for which the top weights will doubtless dispute favouritism. Benecia Boy has beenunluckysincehisarrivalfrom Victoria. He ran off at the first fence at Oakbank, and fell on the Old Course, while he missed the first hurdle race at the S. A. J.C. Meeting by a head. With 11 st. 7 lb. he ought to be there or thereabouts again on Monday, but wherever he is Father Confessor wiil also be. In fact, the latter should beat him on their running in the S. A. J.C. Second Hurdle Race of the same distance. Then Benecia Boy with II st. 7 lb. failed to get a place, while Father Confessor with 9 st. 5 lb., or 5 lb. less than he has now, was only beaten by Floodbind by a nose. The Gawler winner Radiant will no doubt be in request again, with only an additional G lb. on his back, but with ft difference of 9 lb. in their favour Gipsy Queen and Sir Goorge may turn the tables upon him. Baccarat may occasion a surprise, but with 3 lb. less Isinglass is to be preferred. Home/Rule and Shootover are both on the 9 st. mark, which should give them a chanoe, but I think the result will be something like the following :— FATHER CONFESSOR 1 BENECIA BOY 2 RAD ANT 3 The lot in the iJisposal Handicap will meet on practically the eame terms as they did in the Disposal Stakes on the last day of the A.R.C. Meeting, in which none of them could get a place behind Fair Saxon. Perhaps on the Evans ton Handicap running at Crawler, Burnmdp reads best, but he is unreliable, and it might be better to rely upon Cigarette with all her weight or Miola. If Mr. Cowan's mare could only be depended upon to shape as wel as she did against Ksau in the A.R.C. Auction Stakes, she would score. Esau was well backed when Fair Saxon won, while Quiekehot has been going to do something oat of the common on more than one occasion. I would, however, sooner stand by MIOLA . l CIGARETTE ... 2 BURNSEDE.... . 3 The Accession Handicap should be a good betting race, as at least eight of those left in are fancied by their respective stablea. Port Admiral won this raoe last year with 9 st. 4 lb., or 4 lb. less than he will have on Monday, and then came out and <dao appropriated the Farewell Handicap ^t'n 9 st. 13 lb. If he be in the same form now there is no reason why he should not repeat this performance. Anyhow, he may ba expected to make a bold bid for victory. Over the distance 9 st- should stop Lord Grenville, but Foliage has continued to do splendidly since the A.R.C. fixture, and even an additional 14 lb. may not prove too much for him. Still Thunderer will meet him on 11 lb. better terms, and this may bring them closer together, as Mr. Purvis's colt should be able to get a mile and n furlong. Broken Hill is fancied, and tbe better of Mr. Crozier's pair will have to be reckoned with. This will probably be Viking. With only 7 si. I am inclined to trust Nackara this time in the hope that his luck will change, and Stafia ought to render a good account of himself with only 6 st. 12 lb. Then there is Kirkby, who has been in the background for some time, but who would have to be respected if all right with 8 st. 3 lb., while if Pitchery be better than Port Admiral he will be well worth a sovereign. I think it is very open, but Mr. Barker may hoist them THUNDERER or NACKARA . 1 FOLIAGE 2 PORT ADMIRAL 3 All Fours will probably start first favourite for the Steeplechase, which she won l&str; year with 10 st. 8 111. When Bhe fell at Morphettville recently she had 10 st. 7 lb., and coase- 1 quently she has hoen raised 12 lb., but then Strike has alio gone up 11 lb. for running second to Banjo. The pair may finish first and second, but over two miies and a half Wilpena with 10 st. 1'2 lb. should be dangerous. Mailboy's latest performances have hardly been encouraging enough, but if Tarad.ile and Motala are alright again there is no reason why one of them should not win. The others do not look like creating a surprise, and it may be wiser to stick to the three top weights— ALL FOURS ... 1 STRIKE ... o WILPKNA 3 The Junior Handicap reads like a match between Marryatville and the better of Hill's pair. If Eleusinian has improved since he ran second in the Adelaide Stakes he will no doubt be preferred to Princess of Wales, but he will have to be at his beat to conquer Marryatville, and therefore I shall write thcm JIARRYATVILLE 1 ELEUSIN1AN •> HEAR HEAR 3 If backers should have happened to have struck a bad day they will not have much chance on paper to get a recovery in the Farewell Handicap. There are at the time of writing no less than twenty-one engaged, and at lca^t half of them have claims for consideration. I shall content myself by voting for WRANGLER ' 1 VIKING 2 NOMADIC or BERNICE ... 3 _Mr. Dak in issued his weights for the V.K.C-. Grand National jumping double on Monday, but tliev have not, agisted backers very materially to pick uie double. Redleap would certainly no- find 12 si. K( lb. too much in the Hurdle Kace i; he were in anything approaching his best form, but this is doubi.'i;], and it is also noticeable that the ijarn^ o. r the champion 13 missing from tho enlrifc- i'or the Caulueld Grand National Hurdles and Steeplechase. The Messrs. Miller may therefore ha\e to rely upon one of their other trio, ArList, Preston, and Leslie. Preston has recxnvtxi cjnit.j enough in 12 st. 5 lb., and lie will no doubt be reserved for a later engagement. Leslie and Artist, however, should be a dangerous pair. Certainly they have both been pretty well taken care of by Mr. Dakin, but Leslie on the Queen's Birthday won in a canter at Flemington over two miles carrying H st. 13 lb. Artist has been jumped from 10 st. 5 lb. to 11 st. 9 lb. for scoring over two miles and a half at the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting. There were only five starters on that occasion, though the crack Figaro was amongst them. Kmmalea may be a good mare, but she has caught it hot in 12 st. 81b., and may bo passed over. It goes without saving that the selected of the Messrs. Manifold will take no end of beating, trackers of doubles coupled th ree out of the four. Pivot, perhaps, being in the most request, but lioth lie and Geometry have been withdrawn. This points to Dungan, who is very fast, and who may win the double. Corncrake rannof score with 11_ st. 7 lb. 011 his Adelaide form, but W oonoke, who ran second to Emraaloa list year, has claims for consideration with 11 st. Tiie Morphettviile-nrod Lord Bvron won at Flemington over two iniles la^t April with II St. 10 "lb. in 3 mm. SOi sec., and with only another 2 lb. on his back he cannot be di searded. Of t'fio New Zealand pair Tiritea may start, while Mutiny may be reserved for the Steeplechase, but I would sooner tru=t to Black Fin™. Since his arrival in Melbourne, the latter lias not been out of a place, r.nd he won pretty comfortably at Kleiiiiugton 011 Saturday over two miles with only a pound less thanhehasnow. Morago, who lin.s Ijpfjn installed nominal favourite, is by Bras de fer from SatanpIIa. He won the Hurdle Raoe at the Melliourne Hunt Club Meetiug Ia-st October with 9 st. 3 lb.. Corncrake (10 st. 10 Hi.) being amongst the beaten division, and at Caulfield he was credited with a good performance. There lie scored over two miles with 10 st. 1 lb., tlie beaten division including Ripple. Barossa, Rosestem, and others. He, however, failed in both the hurdle races at the V.R.C- Spring Meeting with 11'st. and 11 st. 3 lb. I saw Gratiano run Borderer to half a head over three miles last November with 10 st. 7 lb. on his back, and now with 10 st. f. lb. one must be partial to him, .1." ho is an undoubted stayer. Lucid is spoken of favourably, but Bischoff has lieen a failure )n the .Mr. Frew has Zouroff also engaged, but he lias done nothing of not<>, Mid l^eap Year would be a better investment. The be.st half-dozen at the weights appear to me to be — LESLIE JIOKAGO. GRATIANO, WOONORE. DUNGAN, BLACK FLAG. In the steeplechase 110 less than three stables have twelve horses engc^red. and thpy are a formidable lot. The Messrs. Miller are represented by Redleap. Dart, Larnook, and Whemside-and of this lot Dart will probably be the chosen. He suffered defeat at the hands of Rorke's Drift last Saturday, but the extra distance may lie more in his favour, and it will be remembered he no second last year with 9 st 10 !b. The Messrs. Manifold have Dungan and Apsley to choose from. Dungan has the same weight—12 st. 9 lb.—a.s he won with at Tattersall's Meeting on the Old Course, and he is such a great jumper that he will have to be treated with the greatest respect. Grandwing, Leap Year, Zourolt", and Will o' the Wisp are in the same stable, and Will o' the Wisp will beat more than will beat him. This week he was tried over the h'g timber at Flemington, and jumped faultlessly. Joi may have a few pounds more than it was expected he would get, but he will strip an improved horse, and 11 st. 9 lb. may not stop him. He is set to meet Dungan on l.i lb. better terms for his defeat at Oakbank, .ind the advantage should bring them closer together. Quicklight at 11 st. 9 lb. is one of the picks of the handicap. Shewon thefirst Steeplechase atthe V.R.C. Meeting last March as she liked with 10 lb.. 6 lb, and she was to all appearances scoring in the Becond with 12 st. just as comfortably when she fell. She is reported to be doing favourably at Flemington, jumping in first-class style. Timoni should run well with 9 st. 8 lb., while of the others Campaspe 10 st. 9 lb., Walter 10 st. 7 lb., and Mercury 10 st. 2 lb. I think the winner ought to come from QUICKLIGHT, .IOI, TIMONI. DART, DUNGAN, The course proper at Morphettville was opened on Thursday mornin<r, and some good work was got through. Jack Perry was the first out. He asked Successor a question over seven furlongs, which was negotiated in 1 min. 38^ sec. Hasty was treated to long steadywork, while The Arab, with Kirk up, was moving along over six furlongs. Rosedale had Trentalto for a companion in a seven-furlong flutter the pair finishing together in 1 min. 37J sec. Foliage Deat Kirkby bv a dozen lengths at the end of a mile and a furlong, the watch registering 2 min. 8J sec. Foliage went very well. Nomadic and Clytemnestra finished up with a two furlong spurt. Supposition put in a round at half pace. The Golden King was given a turn over the hurdles, but shaced oadly. Staffa did long steady work, finishing up with half a mile in 56 sees. The whole of Quinn's yearlmgs were credited with useful exercise. Naclcara, with Tothili m the saddle, was asked a question over a mile and a furlong, Playmate joining in the last mile. Nackara covered the full distance in 2 min. 11 sec. Hear Hear (F. Burn) caf-ved out six furlongs in 1 min. 20J sec., while Berniee did useful work. Arctic put m a couple of steady rounds. Floodbird, looking well, went once round; while Switcher and Scallywag worked steadily. Fair Saxon (Foon) and First Bolt (Rogers) were coupled over seven furlongs, which they negotiated in 1 mill. 40 s sec. Some serviceable steeplechase work was recorded to i Taradale aud Benecia Boy, who negotiated a mile and three-quarters. Elusinian, Princess of Wales, and Principle were bracketed for a seven-furlong spin. Princess of Wales puiled off, after go ; ng five furlongs, and Principle, running over his companion, covered the distance in 1 min. 40£ soc. Broken Hill left a mile and a furlong behind him in eveu tune. Danbydaie traversed seven furlongs in 1 min. 41 sec. Port Admiral. Royal Admiral, and Pitchery were sent on a mileand-a-furloTig journey, Anglo-Saxon assisting them the unit five furlong6. The full distance occupiod 2 mill. 9k sec. John Bull bowled over the same distance iu even time. Viking (F. Burn )aud Hortonsius( Willis) were coupled tor a round, which they negotiated in 2 min. 50 sec., Viking having most to say at the finish. Surefoot iLud Concussion worked steadily. Theyearlingsunuti- Kiely'sandHiU'scare, were treated to gentle exei-cise. On Wednesday the Golden King was schooling over the hurdles, but he jumped none too well. Conflict wv, also tried over the small sticks, at which became to grief. Rosedile, with young Burke up. was' i also given a turn over the hurdles, and she shaped well for a beginner. The course proper was also opened on the Old Course on Thursday morning. Shootover was sent on a mile-and-three-furlonrf journey, which he negotiated in fair rime. Home Rule ot to the end of a mile and three- quarters in 3 min. sec., Dianthus bringing him home the last mile, which was run in 1 min. see. J uliet held G:psv Queen safe at the end of a mile and a half in 3 mm. .'! sec. The Idler got er live furlongs smartly. Lord Grenville (Stennett) and Germaine (Sheppard) were coupled over a mile and a furlong, the cheatnut finishing in front in 2 min. sec. Parnell was credited with jjood steeplccb.ise work, while Carmelite and Encounter did useful exercise on the cinders. Helena left six furlongs behind her in a taking manner. Motala was restricted to long stead3- work, but Tho Ghost iiiovjd along for a round. Gaillardia, Troy, and Hadiant were companions for a mile and six lurlougt,, tile last roiiud of which occupied 3 inin., with Radiant in front. Kase left six furlongs behind him in 1 inin. sec. Mailboy iCuri.i:;) put in some sound steeplechase work. J's.ul Jonei aud Tallawa ran once round in 3 min. 10 sec. They were schooled over hurdle*, on Wednesday, aud juiu;>ed well. Pluvius and Firnt Master cut out three furlongs in 4H sec. Trout, w.'is dispatched ovcr a mile. Union • tack assisting liim for seven furlongs, v.hilo Esau ar.c-ompanind him for the first five, which him tlie tirst pari of the jojrney Fund, lookin.' well, worked steadily, and Monin:i encompassed a mile 111 even time. Cigarette aud iJiicoup left live furJnngs behind them 111 I nn'n. 11 sec:., whiln Ulva ran a mile in 1 min. b7 see. Regent, Jack Sprat, Youug Lucifer, Gort, Hajnlet, and several others put in useful exercise. !?AdiauL and Trov were schooled over the minlle., 0:1 Wednesdr.v. and ihap.-d well. i a r m 0 G they covered in i min. ;> sec. The full journey took Trout 1 linn. .1! s'y.. Cousoi^u-nce was g schooled over the fences, and acquitted iiery.elf creditably. Wnodfield put in g.»f>d steonlecha.se work, while Sir Gcoryre was bowling : along o\ ei a o-uple of ruih's, Electric a'csisting Nominations for the Waterloo Cur;, !,.•» i decided at jAuckland Park, must r.-ach the H0.1. Secretary, Mr. F. W. Davis, at i'.oVrti's ttturt Arcade Hotel, by b o'clock th: . .-eninc. s t o c p q s o r T \ The Cambria Plate and Purse will be decided at Flemington on Saturday. Tho places in the former may be filled by Miss Gladstone, Carlton, and Mercia, while Shannon, Nolxxiy, and Bon Ton may supply the situations in the Purse. 