WHOSE WAS* THE HAND ? By MISS M. E. BRADDON. Anchor of ' Lady Aodley'B Secret,' ' Vixen,' ^Ishuuel,' 'Like and Unlike,'* *? The Fatal Three,' 'The D»y Will Come,' fcc. (AIX B1GHT3 RESERVED.) Chapter XIV.— Dust's Diaby at Lam ford. Home U tweet even after Italy, even after the bright and busy streets of Paris, with their flower shops, and milliners, and bonbons, and prettinesses of all kinds, and the Bois, and the carriages, and the smart people, and the music, and the life and brightness every where, and above all the opera and the theatres. Paris was very nice. I had no idea I could enjoy any city so mnch after Venice. I thought that enchanting labyrinth of marble, lying npon the breast of the waves, would take the colour oat of ever; other city in the world. But Paris was nice, all the same, and I was sorry to leave it. Home u sweet always. I have been reading my German Plato this morning under the willows that abade my father's grave, in the old spot that has been my sanctuary ever since I began to read serious books, and to try to under stand the thoughts of great writers. Plato is so comforting after Schopenhauer and Hart ?nann. Plato is full of hope, they are the preachers of detpair. Mother seems happy to be at home again, in the old rooms, among the books and pictures, and in the gardens she lores so dearly. 'She baa imported a small fortune in the shape of specimen conifers and anleas and peonies and roses from a famous nurseryman near Paris, and she is happily employed in mTH°fiif*fV^T'P the planting of her treasures. It is rather late torpUnring, our head gardener a-vyB in hifl broad Scotch ; mad he even went bo far aa to gire a* « saying quoted by the great Sir Wklter himself. ** Flaunts, tree before candle mass add ye may command it to grow, plaont one after Ckndl«ni*fw and ye may joost beg it to grow.' Bat. in spite of Sir Walter's proverb, we most trust in providence and in oar good old Uacdoaali'a dull. Uncle Ambrose retains the cottage in which .he has lived ao long, and in which Cyril's childhood was spent. There ia no room in oar tioase for his books, which fill every available waH in the cottage, so he keeps them on their ?old shelves, *'!? pfpn his old study sometimes «rhen he is working on any subject which require* much reference to authorities. He is very reticent about his literary work, and neemed surpriseed and almost scared by the ?access of bis laatbook» and by the tremendous Amount of ^''lirhii and argumentation that mi expended upon it* 'I could not life without literary work,' he Cold me once ;' bat I do not derive very much pleasure from the publication of a book. Critics are an aggravating race. They see meanings *-h** I never Tnont : they overlook the moat obvious points. ' He is. th& ooat self-contained *rift*t this world ever saw, I believe. He takes no .delight in the things that please other people, bat he is the best and kindest friend I have, mmd be adores mother ; so what can I want ??ore in him to make up perfection ? Cyril is tiis opposite in most things—all energy, action, tigiitheartedness. I sometimes wish he were a little lc*s light-hearted. One may weary of perpe&aal; sunshine. If I am ever in a sad or meditative snood I hare a feeling that, how ?ever kind Cyril is, he can't understand me. He seems miles and miles away from me — as Jar as from Wngtaiw. to America. He has been away at Oxford since we came ?home, visiting some of his college friends. Of ?coarse X miss him sadly, bat there is a kind ?of relief in being alone after cootinual com jn»pir-r[ajh^p w»ii Cyril been here I should ?not have been able to spend a morning by my $B.tb£r.'fi gn.v«. Hft tcasld ha.ve wanted m« to .go for a ride, or a walk, or to row down to Henley. I fall back into my old ways and my sad, quiet life natarallyfl while he is away, ?and if it were not that we write to each other ?every day I might almost forget that we are ?engaged. Uncle Ambrose is not fond of Hirer Lawn. He does not say as much, bat I know him too well not to find oat bu real feelings. Children bare a way of watching faces ; and I used to watch hifl face yean ago to see Then he was ifleased or displeased with me. so that I came to know every line in hu countenance, aad wtux ererj line mean*. tBm ; he is not food of River Lawn. All the things 1 love — the quaint old cottage rooms that frther and soother found here before they were married, the low celling, tbe bow windows, the great oak beams and diamond pases and leaden lattices— have ao charm for Uncle Ambrose. Nor yet tbe handsome rooms father bant, so studiously arranged for mother's comfort ; drawing-room and dining room below, bedroom, dressing-room, and boudoir above. Nothing could be more picturesque than the old rooms, or more com Portable and luxorioos than the new, and yet uncle Ambrose does not like the boose I can aee it in his face. He seems to bear a grudge towards the place father lored and cared ?about. It it 3«doasy, I wonder ? Sorely a philosopher, a man who has studied the deeper vneaningi and mysteries of life, present and (future, as Plato ?todied them, surely such a «nan could not feel bo petty and limited a ?feeling as jealousy, jealousy of my dear dead father's love and forethought for my mother ; a jeaioaty so trivial as to set him against the rooms and fornitare my father provided for his wife. No ; I cannot believe him capable of inch a childish pettiness. He is a man of large mind and far-reaching thoughts, and to be jealous about chairs and tables — impossible ! But the fact still remains. Uncle Ambrose does not like River Lawn. He is fall cf his plans for the house in Grosvenor square ; has been up to London with my mother twice already, to hurry on the work. He wants to install us there at the beginning of June, so that we may enjoy all the gaieties of the season, the summer season when the people almost live out of doors. Motter is to be presented on her marriage, and I am to be presented by mother. She has begun to talk already of my court gown, all white, like a bride's. Cyril suggested that it would be an economy for as to marry while the gown is fresh ; but I told him th*t the idea of matrimony in relation to , him had not yet entered my head. ' ' It baa entered other people's heads though. my dear Lady Disdain,' said he. ' I suppose you know that a certain suite of rooms in Grosvenor square is being fitted with a view 11 With a view means any time within the next ten years,' I told him. Upon this he began to be disagreeably per' sistent, and declared that nobody had ever contemplated a long engagement. We had plenty of money, and what was there to pre vent oar being married before the summer *' A great many things,' said L ' Bat first and chief among them the fact that we are both too mnch feather-headed to take snch an awful step as matrimony.' And then I reminded him how nice it was to be engaged, how much nicer for young people like us than to be married and tied to each other in a sort of domestic bondage. ** Marriageis ac&pital; institution for middle aged and elderly people.' said L ' The very brightest example* we have of married people are Bauds and Philemon, and Darby and Joan. Now you would not expect me to feel Bauds.' ' Baucis wa* young once,' said he. ** Yes, and then no doubt she was engaged to Philemon, and be used to serenade her as yon. did me that night at Venice. Oh, it was lovely ! You couldn't have serenaded your wife. You would have been indoors grumbling at her most likely. ' 11 Daisy, yon are talking nonsense/'said he, sternly, and no doubt he spoke the truth. ' Oht I am only pleading for youth and liberty ? for the morning hoars of life,' I ex* plained. ' As it is you can go where you like, do what you like, and there is no one to find fault with you. If I were yonr wife I might feel offended at your going op to London so often and coming home so late at night, -and being a. member of so many clubs. If I were your wife I might grumble at your accepting that invitation to Oxford for next week.' *' Tell me to withdraw my acceptance, and it is done ,' he cried, in his impulsive way. 'I give you all the authority of a wife in advance ' Being your iJaV- whit can I do but wait ? ' ' Don't qaote that sonnet,' I said, 'every- body does. Quote something fresh.' He did not notice this impertinence. He was [Miffing op and down the room in a state of excitement. '*Your mother did not think like you, Daisy,' be said. 'She was only nineteen when she married. ' ' Ah, but then she adored my father,' said £, withont thinking what I was saying. He stopped his impetuous pacing, and walked over to me, Isia bis hands upon my shoulders and looked me in tbe face. 44 Margaret Hatxell,' he said. ' do you mean what your words imply V *' Do I mean that my mother vas des perately ia love with my father ? Of coarse I ' And that you are not in love with me *' ' Not desperately in love. Ob, Cyril, don't look at me like that. You have no right to look so angry ; you have no right to look so shocked and distressed. Did I ever tell you that I adored yoa ? Did I ever pretend to be desperately in love ? Never, never, never ! I am not romantic or poetical as my mother was at my ag-'. I have been tipght differently. Your father trained my mind, and he did not love anyone as mother loved my father — at least, I think not.' A strange falte ing Btopped me as I said this ; a carious dim feeling that there were hidden possibilities in my heivrt ; dreams that I tnurfit have dreamt ; feelings that would have broagbt my mind nearer akin to my mother's mind ; if things bad been different. Tiie look of absolute distress in his face made m^un.&ppr;, anil tried to nuke amends for my silly speech. 41 Wby should yoa be shocked because I am are a very romantic person either. We blv^ known each other all our lices, and we oagiit to be very happy together by*and-by. Is that not enough, Cyril ?' *' Not quite,'heansivered, graver than I had ever seen him until that moment, ' bat I sup pose it is all I shall get, so I must be satisfied. ' Yesterday afternoon I amused myself with an exploration. It vis a lovely afternoon, almost summer-like, though we are still in the time, of hyacinths, and the beeches have not yet unfolded their tender leaves. Mother bod gone to London with her husband to look at the drawing-rooma, which are receiving their finishing touches at the hands of tbe decorators and I had all the day to myself. I spent the morning at my studies, working upon the synopsis of Duray'B history of the Greeks, wiich Uncle Ambrose advid- d me to write, firstly, to impress historical facts upon ray thirdly, to acquire the power of arranging and condensing a eaUject with ue&taess; and facility. It is rather dry work, bat I like it, and I adore the Greeks. I have been reading Ebera Egyp'im story becneao whiles, -and chat has helped me lo realise the atmosphere of that bygone age when Piaiatratos was rul ing at Athena, an 1 Crocus was discoursing wisely upon bis fallen fortunes at the Court of Amasia. I finished my work before lunch, which b an absurd meal when mother U away. A mere scramble with the dogs, who come in to keep me company, and clear my plate under : my nose. Directly after lunch t took up my bat to go out, irbeWapon Sappbo and Vonto, my darUng Irish setters, went mad, and [ neariy knocked me down in their delight at the idea of a ramble with me. , We had explored every lane, copse, ana common within four miles of River Lawn, so I wanted, if I possibly could, to give the dogs a change ; and I thought I would venture to reepin at Fountain Head, where the abrub Eeries are fall of primroses at dmeeasoa . The Fountain Head gardener and oar under Eardener are great friends, and I have often talked to him when he has been m our grounds. I know the old housekeeper, too, m I had no compunction ia opening a little gsteinthesnrubWy which gives on to the narrow lane that divides our propertyfrom Mr. Florestau's. There U a grand entrance on the Henley road, and high iron gates, and a rustic lodge with a thatched roof and the dearest old chimney stack. The gardeners family live ia this lodge, bat tbe big gate is only opened when Mr. Florestan is at home, and that is very seldom. He told me ne meant to be oftener at Fountain Head in the! future. He feels himself growing too old for a roving life. I suppose he roust beat least nine and twenty, which is certainly old compared with Cyril and roe. How nice is it to be young— to feel oneself quite young, and how sad it must be when weariness and age begin to creep over one. I am miserable eomeumes when I think that mother will grow old before I do -that I shall see the shadows stealing over that dear and lovely face— the shadows tbat fortell the end. Oh, that is the bane of life, that is what makes life not worth living— the knowledge tint death is waiting somewhere an that road we know- not — the grey mysterious highw&y; oi the fatare — waiting for those we love. The old shrubberies looked lovely in the afternoon sun, such a wild wealth of arbutus and rhododendron and Portugal laurel, and so many fine conifers half baried among the spreading branches, a tangle of loveliness, periwinkle and St. John's wort straggling orer every bit of nnoccupied grouna. Panto and Sappho rushed about Hke mad things, iinAginiog all sorts of impossible vermin, and scratching and digging whenever they got oat of reach of my whip. That dog-whip of mine looks formidable, bat I'm afraid those two clever. darUoes know that I would not hurt them for worlds. I had my pocket Dante with me, meaning to try and fancy myself in the Pine Forest, near Ravenna, where he used to meditate, but the book was so far true to its name that it never left my pocket. I seemed to have so mnch to think about ; and a spring afternoon, with light cloudlets floating in a pale blue sky, and the perfume of violets in the air sets ail one's most fanciful fancies roaming far and wide. I think my thoughts were light as thistle-down or vanity that afternoon, or they coold never have stnyed so far, aad yet there was a touch of sadness in them, for I could not help thinHng of Gilbert Florestan and his sad position, quite alone in the world, mother and father both lying stall and damb, as my dear father lies in bis grave under the willows — oo sister or brother, no one to care for him or to l?im upon fo^mi No doubt he has cousins, as I have I have not quite trimly Qp toy mind whether cousins are a necessary evil or a modified kind of blessing. I'm afraid if I stood alone io the world as he does. Dora and Flora would not fill a large gap in my life. I rambled in the shrubberies and the dear old-fashioned gardens till I was tired, and ihexk I began to fed the keenest cariosity about tbe inside of the house. It is aot & pretty boose, bat it is eld and dignified. When one has come hit lately from a city of palaces one can hardly be altogether alive to the beauty of an old English mansion, with moss -go wo {walls and deep-set windowF, and a general greyoess and low lone of colour which some people find so dispiriting. Yet the house touched me by a kind of mourn ful beauty, and a sense of quiet desolation aoch aa I felt only a few weeks ago when I looked at those old neglected mansions upon some of the smaller c*nal&, so gloomy in their gAndear, as of the dead irrevocable past I hare felt sometimes as if I woaU give worlds to be able to bay one of those degraded, del&pidated; old palaces, and to clear away all its parasite growth of petty modern uses, and to restore it to the splendoar and the beauty of three hundred years ago. And yet I have shaddered at tbe thought of the phantoms that might come crowding round me in those great grand rooms, of all the dead people who might awake at the stand of music and laughter in the home where they were once yoang and merry. I walked up and down the gravel terrace in front of Mr. Flortstan's hooae. It st&ndti; only aboat twenty feet above the level of the river bank, and a wide lawn elopes gently from the hoase to the river. I could see the boats going by, and hear the voices of the rowers, which were a relief after the on canny feeling chat bad crept over me while I was in the great overgrown garden on the other Bide of the house, f believe the gardener must have given himself a holiday, for not « haau.n creature did I see in the grounds. There is a glass door opening on to the terrace, with an old-fashioned hanging belL I ventured to ring that antiquated belL trembling a little at the thought of ghosts, *iid perhaps a little at the thought chut the old housekeeper would wo .der at my wanting to explore her domain. The fancy had never come into my foolish braia before to-day bat I suppose that was because I had seen so little of Mr. Florestau nnta we met iu P^ris, and could not feel any particular interest in hu house. Now that I know him, the house seems like on old friend, and I wonder that I can have looked so often at the old Indian-red roof and the great grey stone chimney stacks without wanting to see what the inside is «o one answered my Bummons, though I heard the beU ringing with aa awful distinct- ' ness. I rang again, bat stfll there was no Feeblest of old women to creep mm the rang a third time, and«uU there «a« no npTy lad the more I couldn't get in the more keenly SS™?« II became. So at last, knowing old SL°SJrdeT«^Idneferr«entany liberty Jnto Tpart of my mother's dangbter, mother bring Ypower at Word, I tried the door. UopeW easuy. and I went ». |ate-E care to shutthTdoor after me, so as to keep Ponto and Sappho outside. They were scampering .boor the shrubberies, and I knew they would find their way home -*»*%'»£? 1£ I went in, feeling very mnch aB Fauna must haveMt; orTto other words, jut a little ashamed of my idle enriosity. The house is a dear old house, very shabby as to carpets and cm-tains, bnt with lovely old fnmitonfof Sir Charles Grandfeon's period, and with old chinv in every corner, china which I am convinced is worth a fortune : but I will never breathe a word abont its value to Mr. Florestao or he may pack it all off to Christie's. Men are such Goths where old china is concerned. Yes, it is a dear old house. It has an old, old, perfume of rose leaves and lavender, which most have been hoarded ever so long before Mr. Florestan was bom, in all the old chrysanthemum bowls and hawthorn jars which stand about everywhere on the tops of cabinets and in corner cnpboardE, and in qoaint little alcoves and recesses which one meets with nnawares in the corridors and lobbies. Not all the wealth of the Indies could create euch a hoase. It fa the alow growth of time, like the golden brown lichens and cool grey mosses on the garden walls. I roamed and roamed about the rooms on the ground floor, opeDing one into another, quaintly inconvenient, with queer little doors, half wainscot and half wall paper; rooms withont the faintest pretension to eplendonr or dignity, rooms that suggest the world as Miss Edgeworth and Miss Austin knew it, a world iu which people dined at five o'clock, and danced country dances, and played on the spinet, and painted on velvet, and tallied about the luncheon-tray and the Britska. I looked at all the ornaments on all the tables and chimney-pieces, the things onr grandmothers toted ; cardboard hand-screens, with pencil landscapes — Craigmiller castle, Guy's Cliff— spill-boxes. What are spills, by the way ? Old albums and scrap-books, old work baskets lined with faded satin. Every thing waJTaJrranged as neatly as it had been fifty years ago, when Mr. fioreetan's grand mother was mistress of the bouse, and these were her things, most of them. Bis mother's room had a more modern look, yet even there the books, desks, and work-boxes were old fashioned. How quickly the Cishion of thU life passes away. At first I was too much interested and amused to feel the uncanny inflnences of those empty rooms full of things that had belonged to people who were all dead ; bnt presently that air of long ago, together with the death like silence of the house, began to affect my spirits. A feeling of profound melancholy crept over me. I thought of my dear, dead father, and wondered, as I have so often wondered, -where the dead are, bow sear ub, or how distant- I went back to the dining room for a last look at the family portraits before leaving the desolate house. Mrs. Mordew had evidently gone out npon some errand, and there was no use in waiting for her return. I looked with interest at the picture on the left of the sideboard, and near the door lead ing Sato this hall. \t was the portrait ot Mr. Florestan s father, a fall length painting, in a rough brown shooting suit, knickerbockers, and mighty hohnafled boots. A picturesque biown hat, a gun, aud a liver-coloured pointer were the accessories of the boldly paioted figure, against a background of russet foUage. The picture, which was by a master hand, might hare been called a studv in brown. The likeness between tbe father and the son was remarkable. It might have been Gilbert Florestan'e portrait thai I was looking at. I studied the picture so long — fascinated by that wonderful slapdash power, the bind of painungwhichRuskindescribes asarapidhand and a f oil brush— that ihe face seemed to grow into my mind, and the figure almost took life and morion as I looked at iu My nerves were m a pecnliar state after that hour of silence and thoughtlessness in the desolate honse, or else 1 could hardly ban b°en so foolish aa I was two minntes afterward*, when I turned to leave the dining room, and shrieked with terror on seeing a figure on the threshold of the door in the shadow of the half closed shutters. I was idiot enough to mutate reality for apparition. In that moment of terror I believed that the figure ttaodini! there looking at me with a quiet smile was the ghostly semblance of ihe dead man whose picture I had contemplated so long. ' p™y. forgive me, for startling you,' said Mr. Florestan, offering me Us band in the easiat way, and not allowing me to see that he thought me an idiot, as he most havedone; I ought to have given you some notice or my arrival. Yon were so absorbed in my father's picture that you did not hear his son's foot steps. ' I think it is the fault of that thick Turkey jarpet rather than my abstractions.' 1 lolS lu.ni. but I really WJs absorbed in the coining to England so soon.' from p'1-'? 'r T3'6' ; bnt '» dUb»-ce from Pans to Lamford is snch a bagatelle that I thought I might as well run acrS «d lave a look at the old home be/orTaU Uie soJrda?hWitll7e-L My motnirnsedlo^ so fond of her tultps, though they were never wou£ 1? 'l''^ A Dal* «»uoi«seur would. have laughed at our poor little ahow.' I l- t yS™ y lmt arrived,' I uk^A feeling that 1 was redder than t*7grestove? blown peonies I had deen in the shrubbery, and wondering what he moat think of my extraordinary intrusion. ' Within three minutes. The fly is still at the door, and my servant is bringing in my portmwteaa.' '* You must thjnlr it bo strange to find me here,' I stammered, feeling even worse than Fatama, though there were no gory beads lying aboot. *? I only think it delightful to be wel comed by tie presence of a friend, ' he answered, with inexpressible kindness. Xbe£& vis something in \xi& smile and in tils tone of voice so full of protecting frendUnees that I began to feel easier in my mind, and was able to explain my appearance in his dining-room on that particular afternoon, and then I told'him that I must go and hunt for the dogs, who might be doing all manner of mis chief in his shrubbery. I had a secret conviction that Sappho and Ponto had gone peaceably home to the stables, bat the dogs made a decent excuse to get me oat of the house. ** I feel sure tbey won't do the slightest harm,1* he said, 'but if yon are the least little bit nneasy on that score well go and look for them together, and then perhaps your mother will take pity upon a tired traveller and give me a cap of tea.' 'I am so dreadfully sorry.' I said. ' Mother is in London and won't be home mncfa btforeeig.it.' 'That'sasaddisappointment. I had looked forward to seeing her this afternoon.' We went oat at the hall door together, and we explored the shrubberies and garden, but aaw no sign of the dogs, Hewenthojiewithnie, uid we found Sappho and Ponto in their kennels, whither they had returned half an hour before. Then from the stable yard we wandered naturally to the garden, where the basket chairs and tables had been set ont'in the asaal place on the terrace, in honour of the lovely afternoon. The footman came oat with the tea tray, and arranged it, while we, Mr. Floreatan and I* were standing looking at the river. Servants are bo officious. I had happened to say at luncheon that if the day continued fiat I thought I would have tea in the garden, and here was the man Betting out the cope and saucers under Mr. Florestan'a nose. There was no help for it. I could not be sn inhospitable as to send him away tealets, with coy pet brass kettle singing merrily over the spirit lamp, and my favomitc buns frizzling fresh from the oven. I made the best of my awkward position. ? 'Perhaps, as mother isu't here, you'! allow me to give yon a enp of tea,' I Bald He accepted eagerly. I almost hoped he'd take it standing, and go away directly he bad emptied the cup. Bat, although he had been the soul of delicacy and consideration in hits own house, he seemed to think he might do as he liked in ours. He seated himself in one of the low basket chairs, and I felt that he meant to stay. {To be continued.) 