NEWS BY THE MAE. NEW SOUTH WALES FEUIT. THE TEIAL SHIPMENT OF OBANGES. . THE ARMENIAN QUESTION. NAVIGATION GF THE DANUBE. BEIGANDAGE IN TURKEY. MUEDEES IN MADAGASCAR. ALBANY (W.A.), Wednesday. — The following iketus are from the latest; English files bv the F. aiid O. K.M.S. Baliaarat: « ,'onsideiable interest was evinced by the fruit buvers of Thames-street in the sale on September 30 of a large consignment of Australian oranges sent to this country as an experiment by the Government of New South Wale6, Shou Id the experiment be a success one may be able to enjoy a favorite fruit all the year round, as oranges from the antipodes can come at a time when the English orange market is empty, from the middle of August to the middle of October. During the last month or so small consignments of Australian fruits have been placed on the market and have realised excellent prices, but that now sold representing 1740 boxes is the largest yet received. According to expert opinion the quality was very good and the condition excellent. Every eSort had been made to forward the oranges without risk of damage or deteriora tion and from tne time they left the hands of the Board of Export till they were received in this country by the Agent-General, the fruit has been kept as far as possible in equal temperature. The question of temperature m one o; toe greatest difficulties met -with in shipping fruit, and it is noticeable in the present consignment that the contents of a few boxes not specially stored in the cool chamber, but packed away as ordinary cargo, have suffered severely, being stale. The 'Home News/* in commenting1 on the Armenian question, says: 'In their anxiety to induce Lord Salisbury to move, the Armenian propagandists in this country are almost prepared to deny facts. -Canon Bd'Coll, who thinks he knows so much more about Russia than Lord Kpsebery, declared in effect the other day that .Russia never threatened to take up arms in defence of Turkey, Canon M'Coll'is capable of reading between the lines only when such a process is essential to the condemnation of the Sultan. Prince Lobanoff, unlike Canon M'Coll, being a diplomatist, conveyed his meaning in. language which Lord Eosebery says is perfectly clear to anyone conversant with diplomacy. Jtnssia will not raise a finger in the interest of the Armenians, because itsnitsiier policy, both with regard to peace and to her own aggrandisement, to play a waitin g game. But Eussia, thpugh unwilling to move herself, is firm in her resolve to all«w no one else to do so, as she has managed to hypnotise, not only France, but Germany and Austria. The key of 'the position is in her keeping. Lord George Hamilton is no doubt right -when he says that the dissolution of Turkey must result to the advantage of Kussia, and that Turkey cannot be fcept together. Conservative and Radical are to-day absolutely of one opinion on that point, and unfortunately for humanity Russia has so many irons in the fire just now that to delay the hour when tke 'Sick ?Man ' of Europe shall give 4p the ghost is to serve the ends she has in view. The day has not yet dawned when Great Britain could regard Russia's taking of Constantinople with in difference, but opinion has been so modified on the subject that that event would probably -Jnly occasion a passing qualm. Such a development would render the retention of Cyprus, and perhaps of Egypt, a necessity to the British security, but the best security of ail, and consequently the surest guarantee of peace, would be an Anglo jsussian reapproachment. The difficulty is that however clearly the Governments of the two countries may understand each other, the press and the people can't rise superior to a longstand ing mistrust. Bussia probably to-da y entertains no thought of taking India. The new navigable channel in the Danube con structed through the Iron Gates, near Orsova, was opened on Sunday by the Emperor Francis Joseph, who traversed .its. .entire length in company with Xing Charles of Eoumania and King Alexander of Servia. The passage was the merest ceremony, since the approaches to the canal on either side are not yet cat out from the rock to allow entrance or * exit at low water. The formal opening took place amid a scene of great enthusiasm. After the ceremony the Emperor entertained tbe kings at dinner at Herculesbad. The Emperor of Austria has since accompanied King Charles on a visit to the Roumanian, capital. The Emperor of Austria on Tuesday reviewed 30,000 Roumanian troops at Bucharest, tbe King and Queen both being present. . Some weeks ago a Bulgarian merchant named Zlatko, brother of the Austro- Hungarian Consul in the Macedonian town of Sires, was carried off by Turkish robbers. They asked 2000 Turkish pounds as ransom. . After long deliberation, on the demand of the Austro-Hungarian Consul the Turkish Government consented to pay the sum, but on the delivery of the money to the delegate of the robbers Turkish troops prematurely at tempted to seize and capture the band. The robbers then killed the merchant Zlatko and escaped into the mountains. The AustroHun garian Consul at Salonica, Herr von Haupt, now demands the punishment of the officials who were the cause of Zlatko's death. The Madagascar mail, which has just arrived in Paris, shows the island to be still in a very disturbed state. A number of murders are re ported. Several high authorities among the Hovae have been dismissed for disaffection. A meeting of colonists and efficials had been held, andrecommended that slavery should be abolished without compensation. 