A SUMMER HOLIDAY GHOST. / m xhey say that onch of those birds has been 18 pretty girl ut some time, don't tbey ?" ob served Cbarlio Williamson, tbo mercurial mem ber of our party. " By jove, I believe it,'' said tbo stranger in grey, dashing his cigarette at u handsome sea- gull which hsd ventured to within arm's length of him, " That thing's been glaring at me for the last hour," ho continued, nervously. " If I had a I gun, I'd shoot it." "Glad you haven't, "nsid Charlie, solamuly :— ' Instead .of tlio cross the albutrcss Around my neck wus hung. fan know." — ' Well, dash' it, it's haunting me," said tlic Stranger, raising himself on the seat and waving his cap towards the bird with an angry " f3h— sh— -shoo !" I hope you don't menu us to infer that yon have prematurely dismissed some pretty girl and that her gentlo spirit is calling out for vengeance," said Charlio with a rougbish twinkle in his eye. "No," said the stranger, "that's not it. Bat It ' recalls the rummiest holiday exporience I ever had, a regular straightforward pieco of ghost business. I novel' tluulc of it without a shudder," " Oh — now — come — that's good," said ' Charlie. " Toll us all about it— do !'' We were lounging nt tho stern of he High land Belle, sheltered by a snowy awning from the powerful beams of tho August sun. For an hour tho steamer had been crawling along tho east const of the Hebrides, wc enjoy ing tho boauties of bluff und tea. Tho babbles rose and burst by myriuds in our broad ond white wukn, giving out a gentle, sibi lant harmony to which wo listened with <laugourous pleasure. Just uboro tho atenmer's stern there hovered a dock of sea-gulls which had afforded us ceiieolcssamusorncnt. Members of tho company hnd drawn tlicm on by throw ing them pisceu of hisouit until nil foar seemed to havo dopnrted from tbo birds. Their wild and weird " shree-wcolt " was incessant, and though circling around and rising aud fulling in a thousand nerinl flights, they uevcr seemed to weary or to increase the dislimcq between themselves and the steamer. Wo had talked about them until the subject flagged. I Tha members of our party worn lounging on / I tho seats, ktoping alert for fresh objects of interest and enjoyiug the slight breeze which |j ' played under the canvas. I There had been siluneo fo some minutos when seeing that the grey-suited struugcr wus in tently eyeing the birds, Charlie Williamson had umused us by bis remark. " I'll tell you about it with alt my heart if ,you euro to listen," said the stranger, raising Ibimcclf upon the seat into u muttcr-ul'-fact sitt ing posturo, " We'll listen, you bet. Go nhoad," said Ohurlio, his eyes sparling in anticipation of the coming fun. Well, I never did believe in spooks or any .of that ilk, und I don't now," begun the 'stranger, with forced emphasis. " But I had ,ono holiday spoiled in this way." " It's nine years this very summer. A friend «J mine had como in for a lot of money and had taken a house oil the Thames, about half-way between Bending and Oxford, " It was a beautiful place. From tho front jyou could look away over the river and half over Oxfordshire. Tho back looked out on to a pretty meadow, by the iac side of which ran a lovely wood. " My friend Glnzebrock was a really good pellow und made ttto very comfortable. Tho lirst jnight wu sat talking to post midnight, when wo jwont to bed. 'l'lioy put mo in a beautiful room tovcrluoking the meadow. !" As luck would liavo it the moon wus nearly at tho full. It wus so hnlliuut that aftor I bad put out uiv light I could not resist tho tomptu- tion to sit down by the window and look uut iupou the moonlit meadow. Everything wus so istill and the sky so bine and transparent (that 1 felt bewitched. I had no inclination to ;go to bed hut seemed riveted to the chair by itlie window, just looking out, first ut tho twink- lling stars, then at the still, moonlit cxpansu ibeforo mo. " I must havo sat for half an hour when, casting mv eyes down to the meadow again, 'they fell upon a moving object. It wus soma- ithing white, in shape like a human form, hut at first it was too fur uway from me to tell whethor man or woinnn. 1 hud a clear view of the imoadow, and hnd noticed at flrst thiit.theru was mo livo stock or suy living creature iu it. So this nppurition made nte reel queer, " 1 kept my eyes fixed upou it. Slowly it utssumcd moru definite shape, und I concluded ithat it was coming towards mo. It was a woman's form, clad iu a long Dewing robe of white. Something by her side llashod in tho moonlight as if tho light wuie playing upon a sword or long dugger, As she came nearer a cold sweat broke over mo, und I sat anxiously 'watching. "About 60 yards from the house she stopped. 'Raising both arms,, from whioh tho long white sleeves hung loosely down, she seemed to begin appealing to mo. I roiohed my field glass and brought it to hear upon bor. I mado out a face, white us marble in tho moonlight, hut beautiful beyond description, i could discern its work- tings as she began to gesticulate and make ipasses with the weapon she held. Hor thrusts tsnd menaces were directed towards me, tho 'blade she wielded flashing brightly in tha moon- 'light. " Her face was unknown to me, and I could not imagine why she addressed me in that violent but silent fanhiou, for not a sound reached me. Aftor the ehow had gone on for. about a quarter of un hour, 1 begun to con sider whether it was not nty duty to slip quiotly downstairs and mako an exeursiou upon my ghostly visitant. Whilst thinking the matter .over a oluud passed before the moon und tha figure wus lost in the darkness. Wheu tho moun- light shone afiuiu she was gone. Not an objoot 'Was visible iu the meadow l'rom end to end. I " I sat until the first blush of dawn iilluminod the sky, then cold, creepy and tired, |l,uudrcssednud got into bed. But beyond a fow broken snatches there wus no clsep for ma that morning. Tho form and face of the white .maiden were too vividly imprinted upon my mind for me to. enjoy the repose I wanted. . ' " Thinking that I might havo heen the vic tim of some illusion I said nothing to Glszo- brook shout my midnight experience. We hud a grand day together in the woods ond by the rivor, and at night I retired ourly, I quickly fell asleep, and had slept far about en hour wliou I uwakenod with a strange sensation, Glancing towards the window, I saw that the moon was shining brightly und I felt an un conquerable longing to luok out of the window as I had dono the previous night. 1 got up and- raised the blind and looked out. To uiy dis- imay, there stood the same white form thrusting land parrying with the glistening sword as I had isecn it do the night before. " I piuolied - mysolf to feel if I were really alive and ayvako. I concluded I was. Tho tfigure continued to gesticulate wildly, so. I Ithought I was warranted iu arousing my friend iGlazcbrook and telling him of the apparition, l went softly to his room and awakened him, " 4 Gluzebrook,' said I.' "Either I'm haunted- Air this meadow at the back of tho houBe is ; lelo como . end tell me wbiob, that's a good (follow.' " Ho camo back with mo immediately, and Ore went to the window. " ' Do yon see anything P ' I asked, pointing to the white Oguro,' which now stood motionless about fifty yards from the house. - ' ' . u t What— in— the—name— of— goodness— is it ? ' ho asked, clutobing my arm nervously, " ' That's what I want to know,' I said. It haunted mo last night and, us you sea, it's here again.' " He watched for a whilo, and then wo agreed to go down and approach the speotre. Hurriedly dressing, wo armed ourselves with a stout stick nob, aud then stole quietly out of the front door to avoid uoise, Creeping round the house, wo crossed tho garden and reached tlio meadow fence. The figure had disappeared. Wo crossed the fence and explored the meadow and the field adjoining, but not a trace of it conld wo find. " Glozebrnok was, dreadfully upset when I told him of all I had seen the previous night, lie scouted the idea of it being anything super natural aud expressed the belief that the appar ition had some burglsricus'import. The next house to his was two hundred yards away end was inhabited b y an old and highly-rcspeetcd lamily. Tliero wus no other house witbiu a con siderable distance, and 1 could see that the lono- someuess of the position of his own house had been unpleasantly forced home to him. From that dny to. this the mystery of the white spectre I suw on thoso two midsummer nights has gono unsolved. Neither Glazebrcok nor I obtained the slightest elite to its identity. But for an hour before our young friend here made that remark about the gulls, I had boon struck by the queer rcsamklunco in ruinaturo the fKco of that gull hears to the face I saw through my field glass on the first night 1 spent in Glaze- brook's house on the Thames." " Do you remember the date of that visit tc your friend's F" asked a thin, academic-looking passenger, who had listened intoutly to tho story, " It was in 18B6," replied the stranger in grey, aftor a moment's thought. "Ah ; then it is not a co-incidence," remarked the inquirer. " I think 1 cau explain your mid night phenomena. The family who lived in the house noxt to your friend Glazebrook's were named Nailery. In t8c summer of 1886 tbey bad staying with tbem a brautiuEl girl of 19, a cousin. Sho had acute mouomauin. It took the form of dramatic hallucination. She bad a weakness for tragedy aod fancied herself a great tragedienne, and was continually reciting tragic parts. On moonlight nights she some time slipped away into a field by th9 end of the house aud there declaimed before imaginary audiences. Ycu happened to be there nt tho time und saw her. I knew the case well, as my friend Dr. Lingenburst had it in band. I believe that she died about three years ago." " Then assuming the old legend to be true, it is quite possible that she is in that gall whioh has been hypnotisiug our friend hero," ventured Cliurlie Williamson facetiously, pointing to the persistent bird a yard beyond the stern rail of the steamer. "Dish it — I believe it is ! Bntvhy should it haunt me in that way ? " askeiT the stranger with a convulsive grasp at the rail. At four o'clock in the afternoon of the day but one after, tho Highland Belle touched at Aber deen. Hovering about her stern was a flock of sea-gulls, and boldest among them was the bird whioh had dieconcortotl our fellow-voyagor. " Good-bye," ssid a hollow voice behind me, as the sleunioc ran alongside the pier. I turned. It was our friend in grey, t knew he had a ticket for Loudou as wo hud. " What aro you goiug to do F " I asked. " Go home by rail," he replied excitedly, " Nonsense 1" I said, " Why F " " Look ! It's there yet," he replied, pointiug to thn gull. " I wouldn't go a mile further with that for thousand pounds " Ho jumped BBhore. A. moment later we saw him running from the steamer asif for dear life. A piercing ' shree week I " draw our attention to the birds hovering over the stern. Our fricutl'a bird had broken away from the others and was bending a course due south. An hour Inter we loft for London, but that bird-wraith of the : stage-struck maiden appeared to ns no' more. 