SHORT STORY THE WRONG GHOST. Yes, honesty is the best policy—and that is the moral of my tale. On a fatal day, about a month ago, I re- ceived a letter from Uncle James. I have— or rather I had—expectations from Uncle James, and always answered his letters by next mail, if I did not wire, so I opened it without delay. ' My dear Nephew,' it ran, ' As you will now he comfortably settled in your new home in Craven, I intend paying you a short visit. I will come on December 1st. if the date suits you, and must leave before Xmas. I know you will have followed the advice I gave, that on no account should you take a house that was not haunted, and I am looking for- ward with great pleasure to making the ac- quaintance of the ghost of Norton Towers.' The letter dropped from my hand in dis- may, for I had completely forgotten my uncle's wish when I bought the place, and, to the best of my knowledge, there was not such a thing as a ghost on the premises. I put on my hat and went round to the back to interview Anthony on the subject. He had lived at the Towers all his life, and if there was a ghost he would know of it. ' Anthony,' said I, ' Is there a ghost about the place ?' ' A what ?' said Anthony, stopping in his wood chopping. ' A ghost. You know what a ghost is ?' Anthony scratched his head. ' Noa,' he replied, after some cogitation ; ' I nivver heard of a ghost. Folks reckon thear was wunce a white doe at Rylstone. I nivver seed it mysen, but that's t'nearest approach to a goast I'se ivver heard tell on.' That settled the matter. There was no ghost. I passed the remainder of the day in a very unenviable state of mind ; and for the first time in my life I delayed replying to Uncle James. It would be folly to let him come, and find the place without a ghost, for that would show how very little I re- spected his wishes. Yet, what else could I do ? There seemed absolutely no way out of the difficulty but to make a clean breast of it. However, after dinner, I determined to put a bold face on things, so I sat down and wrote to Uncle James. I told him I should be delighted to see him on the date named, but I regretted I had no ghost to offer him. I said I had not forgotten his wishes on the subject, but that the former owner could not be induced to part with the ancestral spectre, except on terms so exorbitant that I felt my means did not justify my agreeing to them ; and, remembering his caution about un- necessary extravagance, I felt sure he would applaud my scruples. Having perpetrated that pious fraud, I turned round to read the newspaper. That was probably the most unlucky act of my life. Had I sent the letter to him he would soon have got over his disappoint- ment, and all would have been well ; but as it is—well, it's no good repining. I turned over the paper negligently, and as I did so, some demon of ill luck directed my attention to a particular paragraph : ' We have inspected Messrs. Psyche & Co's stock of Christmas novelties,' it ran, ' and must again congratulate this old es- tablished firm on their enterprise. They have laid in a remarkably fine stock of ghosts for the winter season, and we believe that intending purchasers will be able to gratify their raried tastes at exceedingly low figures. They are particularly strong in eighteenth century remnants, while their eastern importations leave nothing to be de- sired.' I rubbed my eyes in amazement. I did not know that there were firms that dealt in ghosts. But here it was in black and white in a resectable paper, and the name given in full. I recognised the hand of Providence in drawing my attention to the matter, and I tore up my letter to Uncle James. If he wanted a ghost he should have one ; and I would make immediate ar- rangements for the importation of eighteenth century, eastern, or other produce. I consulted Bradshaw, and found I could still catch the night mail at Skipton ; and the next morning I awoke in London. At breakfast I looked up Psyche & Co. in the directory and should not have been very much astonished to find no mention made of such a firm. But there it was, at 76, Archipelago Street, Soho. I hurried over my meal, and by ten o'clock I was in Archipelago Street, looking for number seventy-six. I found it without difficulty. It was a small-fronted, dingy- looking estab- lishment, half hidden in a corner, and over the door was : ' Psyche & Co., Ghost and Spectre Purveyors.' I entered, and a dapper little Greek, whom I took to be the proprietor, asked in cheerful accents what he could do for me. ' I want a ghost,' I said boldly. ' Certainly, sir,' he replied. ' Here is our new catalogue of would you prefer to inspect our stock ?' ' Yes, I think that would be the best,' I said,' as this is my first transaction.' He led the way down a narrow passage, and opened the door at the end. It was a weird sight, and I felt glad that Mr. Psyche was with me. The room was lighted by gas, and it was full of a strange medley of phantoms. There must have been fifty of them, women and men of all ages and all periods ; and you could see the wall at the other end, right though the lot of them. For a moment I felt inclined to retire ; but a reassuring voice said : ' It's all right, sir. They are perfectly harmless. We only take absolutely safe specimens. Well, my Lord, addressing the shade of a be-starred and bespangled aristo- crat of the Georgian era, ' how are you to- day ?' ' Passably well, friend Psyche,' came his reply in a hollow, far away voice, ' though I've known more comfortable quarters in my time, and more jovial companions.' Then he turned to me with a bow. ' Am I anything in your way, sir ? I shall be vastly obliged for an engagement. I have un exceptionable testimonials.' I was somewhat taken aback at being ad- dressed, but managed to assure him I should have been delighted, to engage him had his period suited ; but he was too modern for my purpose. With another polite bow he passed on. ' Shall we walk through ?' asked Mr. Psyche. If you see anything likely to suit, please point out.' So we walked through them. It was an uncanny sensation, but one soon got used to it, and in a few minutes I could step through a duchess with as little compunction as if she had been a mere fog. They were a singular assortment, and there was no unnecessary pride about them. A knight in armour of the Conqueror's time was playing Nap with a beadle and a Mahatma ; a policeman was ogling an evidently gratified Court beauty of the Stuart period ; while a shade uncommonly like Henry the Eighth was in earnest conversation with a Salvation Army captain. ' You have a very varied collection, Mr. Psyche,' said I, when we had reached the other end of the room. ' Yes, sir ; I flatter myself no one can touch us in that respect. At the moment our stock is lower than I like to see it, as we cleared out a large quantity of Continental and Indian produce last week to noblemen and the higher clergy for winter festivities. However, my partner is spending his holi- days among the Catacombs, and he writes me he will be bringing back with him some really choice specimens of the ancient Roman nobility. He has also secured two cardinals, and is even in treaty for an Imperial Caesar.' A tall, dignified man, in hose, doublet, and ruffle, standing by himself before the fire reading a newspaper, attracted my at- tention. ' That's my man,' said I. ' No, 432,' said Mr. Psyche, referring to catalogue. ' Lord Herbert Tumbril, temp. James I. ; executed for high treason. Price sixty-eight-pounds, fifteen and six. For hire, one guinea per noctem. May I book the order ?' ' Certainly. Here is my card. I wish him to be at this address on the night of December 1st, and I will take him for a month.' ' He shall be there, sir. You can arrange all details with him when he arrives, and I hope it may result in a permanent engage- ment. Do you want him to bring a chain ?' ' For what purpose ?' ' For clanking. Most of our customers desire it.' ' By all means let him bring a chain,' I replied, ' and any other accessories you think fit. I want him to do the thing thoroughly.' I left a payment on account with Mr. Psyche, and returned to my hotel with a light heart. That evening I wrote to Uncle James :— ' My dear Uncle,—Your letter has been forwarded to me in London, where I am for the purpose of inspecting the recent additions to the British Museum. I shall be delighted to see you on the first, and have no doubt you will be charmed with the ghost. I had some difficulty in getting him included in the purchase ; but, of course, remembering your wish, I should not have thought of tak- ing the place without him. ' Your affectionate nephew, Bob.' December the first came round, and with it Uncle James. He was in high spirits, and had evidently come to enjoy himself, for he asked after the ghost before he had taken off his top-coat. ' I hope he's not modern, Bob,' said he. ' If there s anything I detest, it is a Victorian shade. It takes a hundred years at least to give a ghost his full flavour.' ' No, indeed, Uncle James,' I replied, de- lighted with my forethought. ' My ghost is pure Elizabethan. He is Francis Norton, the last of the male stock, who came to grief in the rebellion of 1569. You can read all about him in Wordsworth's poem, ' The White Doe of Rylstone.' ' Uncle James rubbed his hands with glee. ' Bravo, Bob ! You're in luck. What does he do ?' ' Oh, he—er—he walks about, you know clanking his chain.' ' His chain ?' said Uncle James dubiously. ' What does he want a chain for ?' ' I'm sure I don't know. I thought all ghosts had chains.' ' You are mistaken, Nephew Bob,' he said sternly. ' I never came across one with a chain. It's only the ghosts of silly fiction who have them.' ' Well, this one has a a chain, at any rate,' I stupidly remarked. ' I'm sorry to hear it,' said Uncle James ; and he did not again refer to the ghost for some time. Things brightened up, however, after dinner, and Uncle James grew quite enthusi- astic over the Towers. He was delighted with the house, and its situation among the heather-clad hills of Craven was quite in ac- cordance with his romantic tastes. ' You have a charming place, Bob,' said he, over the port, ' and you've got a high-class ghost into the bargain, though I must admit I wished he hadn't a chain. However,' he added cheerfully, ' if he has one, it will be for some good reason, and I shall have to find out what that is. What time does he appear ?' ' Psyche promised him for nine, prompt,' I answered inadvertently. ' Eh ?' said Uncle James. ' What did you say ?' ' Precisely at nine, prompt,' I had the presence of mind to reply. Uncle James glanced at me doubtfully. ' I thought you said something else, Bob. Well, this ghost of yours seems remarkably methodical in his habits. He's all but due now,' he added, looking at his watch. I bitterly regretted my unfortunate slip. It was absolutely necessary I should see the ghost directly he arrived and post him up in his duties, and yet if I left uncle James at this particular moment I might arouse sus- picions. I was deliberating what to do, when the door was opened abruptly, and old Dempster rushed in. His face was white as chalk, and he was trembling all over. ' Well, what's the matter Dempster ?' I enquired with some foreboding. Dempster tried to speak, but only in- coherent ejaculations burst from him. At last he raised a trembling hand and pointed to the door. ' Excuse me half a minute. Uncle James,' I said, rising ; ' I must just see what is the matter.' I walked into the hall, and there I saw a sight that chilled my very bones. At the bottom of the stairs was a ghost, but not the one I expected in hose and doublet. This one was the ghost of a modern postman in his uniform. In one hand he grasped a heavy chain, and in the other he held his cap and letter. He glided up to me when I appeared, and held out the letter. Just as I took it I heard a noise behind me, so I hastily put it in my pocket. ' Well, I'm blest !' exclaimed an aston- ished voice. The postman slowly vanished. I turned round and faced Uncle James. ' You seem to run two ghosts, Nephew Bob,' said he drily. ' Er—yes—I do,' I stammered ; ' this is a Christmas extra.' ' Oh, is it ? Well, you might let me have a look at the Christmas card he brought, anyway.' ' I can't, Uncle. Indeed I can't ; it's private, or I would,' I said in desperation. Uncle James turned on his heels, and walked upstairs to his bedroom with great deliberation. Considerably upset, I returned to the dining room. I opened the letter with many forebodings, and I found they were more than realised, for this is what I read :— ' Dear Sir,—It is with the greatest regret we have to inform, you we cannot execute your esteemed order. Lord Tumbril left us a week ago to fulfil a two days' engagement at a cattle show in the Antipodes, and has not been heard of since. We are com- pletely run out of stock with orders, and the only substitute we can send is the bearer, Robert Smithers, a general postman, who lost his life in trying to rescue the registered letters of the London and Brighton mail last July. We believe you will find him atten- tive to his duties and very wishful to oblige. —Yours obediently, ' Psyche & Co.' My heart sank as I read these fateful words. If the letter had only reached me that morning I could have prepared Uncle James for the worst ; but, as it was, I had told him he would meet a high-class Elizabethan gentleman ; and now all I had to offer was a latter-day postman. I sat for some tame cursing my ill-luck and hoping the ghost of the too conscientious postman would reappear, so that I could me- taphorically kick him out of the place ; but he did not do so, and I went to bed. But I could not sleep. I felt I had bun- gled the whole matter, and it was obvious I had annoyed Uncle James on his most tender point. It was likely to be a very serious matter for me. After tossing about wearily with these unhappy thoughts in my head, I fell into a fitful doze. It could hot have been more than half an hour before I was effectually aroused by a loud clamour. I could distinguish voices and the jingling of metal. I jumped up and opened my door. Heavens, what a sight met my eye ! There, at the end of the corridor, just op- posite Uncle James' door, were a couple of ghosts in heated argument—the postman and Lord Tumbril. ' Godzooks, sirrah,' said, the former, ' I say the gentleman desired my presence. I heard him tell Master Psyche.' ' You confounded spindle-shanks,' retorted the postman, ' Sikey told me to come. He said you were making a beast of yourself at a cattle show.' ' Insolent- varlet !' cried Lord Tumbril, drawing his rapier, ' you shall swallow your scurrilous words.' ' Come on then !' shouted the postman, brandishing his chain,' and I'll swaller you as well, I know you bloomin' haristocrats. Many's the letter I've carried for the likes of you—and they were inwariably underpaid. Come on, old toasting-fork.' How the quarrel would have ended, good- ness anly knows. I was simply too petrified to move ; but at this moment the door nearest them opened, and Uncle James appeared. The ghosts stopped short suddenly, and commenced to fade away ; but before they were completely gone Uncle James made a mysterious sign, and, as I live, those wretched phantoms came back, and then fol- lowed him into his room. There was no more sleep for me. Uncle James knew the ways of ghosts thoroughly, and he guessed he would worm out of those fatuous spirits the whole particulars of my arrangement with Psyche. I did think of interrupting the interview and ordering them to leave the house, but I felt the attempt would be useless and I should only be made to appear utterly foolish. Uncle James came down the next morning very cold and irresponsive. He had a time- table in his hand, and he ostentatiously con- sulted it under my nose. ' Are you going anywhere, Uncle James ?' I faintly asked. ' Yes, sir, I am going home by the next train.' ' But you said you would stay till Christ- mas,' I protested. ' That is so, Nephew Bob,' he replied ; ' but I did not then know you would hire a commercial article to clank a chain outside my bedroom door. No,' he went on, ' it's no good your saying anything, Tumbril & Smithers have told me all ; and I've packed them off to London with a gratuity, as I presumed you would not require their services after my departure. You have behaved dis- gracefully in trying to deceive me, and I wash my hands of you from this day forth.' And that is how Uncle James left my house. I have received private information that he has entered his will ; but whether he has left his money to Smithers, or Tumbril, or Psyche, I don't know—indeed, I don't care.—Henry A. Herring. 