TIE RESURRECTOIONISTS. By Curus. [Written expressly f.,r "The Guar:.ia,.;"'l (Con:inrenl.) As Cant would not go outside, Gil Ion tried every sort of persuasion to induce him to rid himjself of such humiliating fear and fully, but evi dently to no purpose. " Were I giv ing way," said Gil!on, "as you have done, what a ludicrous position would we occupy in the opinion of the lur ghers. Courage is essential to the demo lition of such a fancy, and determina tion triumphs over weakness. Reason declares that visitation of spirits can not be. I resolutely exclude ally be lief to the contrary, and I treat every apparition as natural, either resulting -froi"natural causes or .corporal action intvetted to intimidate the nervous and weak. 'That. would-be spectre was a a living, humait beiug, and tlie villain ous appearance was produced by chemi cals. It is niow tinme for the next round. Either stay where you are till I return, or he like a man and share the work." Cant said he would try and over collie the weakness, and resume his beat. Gillon felt- eceedingly pleased at this, and urged his companiou to be steady and .undaunted, and both pro ceeded as before, using, of course, mnore caution and surveillance. Gillon had reached the minidle of his round, when he heard the sound of retreating footsteps. He ran towards where theiiy eimanated, and mnit his coimpanion. " Come, come, Cant.; the rascal is in this dircation." Hie con tinued his race, ahid heard the hard soulnd of'feet lhapiug f,"o,,i -the wall on to' the pavenent. As lie got near lie called to '.Stanhd," and there heing no .reispo.iis., -lhe tired. - - Alh, well l Thei rageal lhas not olT ciear this tiime," said .illoit to his cortipllion, " and I i:ssur?'i'i .U dint', tlhaItI a'm pleased to see,:iyuu plu.ki? 'tip courait ! We'll .,ettei take ..at close inspectiibtn of that grave." ; . . Botl proceeded to it, and fouild it still intact, and continued their course to thd watchlouse. On arlivimg there, Gilloht suggested that a little'refresh iinent would not he out of-place. Each assisted himself to. a jorumi with some i,read nd cheese; and then the pipe. When filling their " Reekers," Cant todk the. opportunity of acknowledging that liis couipanioin indeed -proved his point,. and that within such a short space of time lie le himslf had becc.Jue a convert to thie opinion held by his comipanion. " It is clear now to me," said Cant " that it was no spirit or ghost that frightened n:e. It was really somethinug in. the -" flesh and blood" form, .and as you say what would hlsve 0een;i the result if you had broken down as I did I What a laugh ingl-stock we wbould have bIce made: I anl cured of the spirit-helieving disease, and I trust you will be silent. on.the sulbject." Gillon explained that it would be necessary to report the whi6le affiiir as it took place, " leaving out your part of the attack upon the invading spirit. But- it is more than likely th:it the rascal who tried- it on will have a fine bill of fare for our burglhers in the morning." " W as it not a, pity," said Cant, " that you did- not secure the fellow '! To this Gillon nodded assent, and added that he tlhought the deceased relatives would likely put onr an ad ditional watchi, so that the probability of adtdlier descent would be lessened, and at all events prove abortive. - The dark and lonely night moved slowly away till the streaks of the inoiiiing light began to glimmer, and the invaders gave no further trouble. :Wheut.ethe -sun,-rose it was the peibio&t;' for; .depprture, so they went to their' ihomes, vlicli we'e near to each.oiher. It wias decided that' after- a 'fewT hours' sleep they would 'report the miatter to the senior officer, whlio would call a meeting of the Provest and Bailies, and decide upon the action to be taken. At the a'ipdifited' lhou~ '8ti parties met arid called 6n the senior officer;' who could hardly retain his gravity as thei watchers related the course .of events. It was evident.th i affair soon got wirin; hut' the officer instirueted them to go'to the cdurthous<, and hii would havre the Provest; and Bailies there in a f'w minutes. These town -niagnates repaired to the council cham ber, and Gillon-detailed the particulars of what happ'eied. . Vheni :finishedtihe'Provest reniarklied thatit was well the burgh had suclh noble defenders, and applauded the watchers accordingly. Hereconminendedadouble watch for the followiug nighlt and for a month to come. A new watch was to be installed in the evening, accordinig to arrangement, of three burghers. Thile nanes of these were Winchester; Finisteri and a sharp, intelligent,.. yet needy fellow, known by the-cognoimLe. 6f0" G uine Bill." This last fellJw" was usnelialile: lut the senior oiiicer Sad an interest in his appointmnent,.and it was so arranged. A medical student instructed ;by ordle'is firn'bitierdeen university, had undertaken'tthe" task of getting this deceased lady's-hody guided by the acknowledged body-lifters of thieplace, and thel mattr had been "squared" with the senior "otlieer. 'The regulir vatchers, whose duty came by rotition, were named Grant and Laiilg, and in company with the officer had arrived at their post at sun set,;:being introduced to the double watch that were there waiting. "Guinea Bill" had with "him an ample supply of 1 the hard material;" and he had, accordirig to instructions, put a little of soinetliing in the spirit to assist him in.his diabolical scheme. It was decided, . that each watch should take its .round every hilf-hour. This. proceedled till "alount -mid night, nothinlg havinge..ppeared to .disturb tie watchers,; when " Guinea', proposed a special bunmper from his own bottle. Hte hellidd:hiinself out a bottle.unlalmil pe'ed inith,h but.the otlhers would.ind. something in thl irs:.to their disadvan tage. After it had heen taken the fel loivent out under,.thll pretence of see ing the sort of a night, and gave notice to the student and his assistants to prepare for the work bsefore them, of which he ioild by the the word "Ad vance," app'rise them. (T7o be continued.) 