A BIYCLE 2RIDE FOR LIFE. I Intended to break the record, as the slang phrase goes-no very difficult matter, I refected, so far as a Canadian winter record on the bicycle was concerned. To do so, however, required judgment. I knew that I had the long rise intc the soreet before me, and I must reserve my strength for that. I went steadily on. I had crossed the level at last, and I knew I had done well. The light was bright enough to see the time, but I decided to wait till I entered the forest It was no loger quite me easy to keep the bicycle up to speed. There was more effort in the poreure on the pedals, a little more censa tia a the muscles of the legs as I did so. Ilooked round. Yes, I had already made a rise of a good many feet. The slope was ru , but not steep enough greatly to my speed. As I went I glanced from side to side-for I was conscious of the oppressive solitude of the forest; but my pane was not retarded for a moment. One of the sleighing party had been talking of wolves. The winter, it seemed, had been an early one, and it certainly had been severe. The wolves, he had said, had been ahowing in packs not twenty miles to the north. There was not a sound but the low crisp crunch of the snow under the wheels of my machine, and even that seemed hushed and distant. Yet what was that? Was it fancy, or did I hear something shrill, piercing, yet faint, in the far distance on my right hand! Surely there was some thing-if it was only the-wal-e of a distant gust of wind moaning through the frozen pines. I bent over the -bicycle and con centrated my energies upon facing the long ascent. There it was again ! It was no wall of the northern wind-no swaying of the frozen forest. It was the cry of a living thing. It was nature's savage com plaint against the pange of hunger I On and on I. flew. There was not a breath of wind to stir the lightest anow-fiske en the tenderest spray, yet my hair was thrown back from my brow, where great drops of perspiration nowgathered and began to trickle down my face. On and on! without a thought but that of pressing forward, without a hope but that of reaching the descent of the slope, and the edge of the fsreat. And as I went I knew that I was follewed. From the dim arcades on my right came from time t3 time a short, gasping howl, cut short in the moment of utterance by the exertions of the chase. They had seen me, and now they were in fll cry. It was a race for bare life. I leant forward, and threw every energy I possessed into the cne effort to press on. The trees flitted past me like ghosts: The long hanging boughs nearly brushed my face as I swept past. The co:3 air blew in my face and carried even the heavy fur of my coat behind me as I runhed through the night. And yet my pursuers did not lose ground. On the contrary, they were gaining. Net quickly, not with a rush ; but slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was deadly; with a monotony that was ghastly beyond expression. I clenched my teeth with fierce determination. I kept my eyes fied on the line cf light that stretched oa aad on Ia front, as if it world never end. The strain was telling on me now. There was a wild bustlg in my head, there was a weary feeling growing in the limbs, there was a despairing sense of the uselessness of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate, it was now that for the first time I saw something of my savage pursuers. There was a shadow on my right- only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree er branch. It was a head, a long, sharp manz'e-the mouth open, the lower jaw hanging, the ears erect I It crept on. Little by little it gained on me-an inch-only an inch at a time, but always an inch more i This shadow became a horror to me. At ast! The long straight read made a curve to the right. Not a sharp curve, but enough to bring me to closer quarters with my on tiring pursuer. In a moment as I pressed upon the handles and followed the sweep of the road he was upon me. In a moment the shadow had given place to substance with a long panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my aide. He was eld, for I could se that his hair was gray as it showed In the moonlight. His huge mouth was open, showing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue hung from his lsrering jaws. Two eyes thas glowed like red coals gleamed from the thickly-matted hir that hung ever his face. There was a look of exhnastion about him that for the moment increased the horror of. his ap pearance. Involuntarily I swerved as he sprung. and his great jaws came together with a snap not an inch from my knee. His leap had coat him something in speed, and he fell hback quite half.a.yard be fore he recovered. The eight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change from the gathering horror cf his prsuinh shadow, and the change aroused me. My hand went instinctively to the handle of my revolver. The familiar teouch seemed to reassure me. I drew it from my belt. I weighed it in my hand as if to grow accustomned to it. I dared not tarn in my seat, and yet I must get a shot i the grizzly leader of the park. Insensibly I slackened my pace for a second or two; insensibly the huge head crept unp once more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a little in front of my foot. Once more was gathering himself up for a spring. Once more his bltood-ehest, hungry eyes, were turned toward me as he kept up his long, leasping gllop. It was the moment. Quick as thought I fired. The ball struck hir struck him, I think on the shoulder. for with one fierce snarl, that seemed to express pain, diappointment, and terreor all in one, he rolled over in a heap, almolt against the rushing wheel of my bifcycIe. There was a panre in the chase. Once more I turned to the track. Once more I concentrated every energy to increase the distance between my self and my relentless purrsacr. The wel come respite was but a short one. My head swam dizily with my exertions; my brain reeled wi:h the Iong and fierce excite ment; my limbs grew n'crb and heavy under the desperate etrain. Tank God I I war on the doawn-ard elope. Thank God ! there wK at last a prospect of escape. The decemnt made ltself quickl felt. Exhausnated as I had been. I cou~idn't s.-e kept it much longer, and, I nust hav-e been overtaken. Down the icng, emonth olch? we rushed at a pace that was momentariyiv increasing. I looked behind me once mnrc. The wolves were follcwing till, but t.ey, too, were growing exhausted. I glanced at the ascent beyond the bridge. I was across, and now the aesseunt began. I bent over the bicycle. I forced my weary limbs t1 etert themselves once more. For folly a h~dred yards the asent was steep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower and slower I seemed t go with earb moment. T'ae per?s?ratio?n poured from my face, my legs sad askles burned uas if steeped in liquld fire I clenched my teeth, and gripped the basdle s if for bare life, and at each slow turnof the wheel I seemed to myself to hear the pantiag of the wolves behind me. Atlwst I did it. At the top of the slope I turned and looked behifnd ms. The moon lightehono white on the grey leader asuh? bounded on to the bridge; :wo others fol. lowed him closely, the rest were cattered behind them on the road. Not one had as yet abandoned the chase-not one had yet given np hopes of the prey. I drew my revolver from my belt again, I rested the barrel for a moment on the handle of the mcohine. As the leader neared my end of th." b:dge I turned and fired. I hit him. With a sharp howl he sprang into tho air and fell half across the parapet, then he turned over and I could see his body gleam w:xitely as he plunged into the river below. Eibausted as I was, I found that I could mne an effort still. I could heir nothing of the wolves, bhut yet for aught I knew they might te follwing still. Imaginationsupplied th, place of my dulled eenses, and I could fancy I heard their pantIng behind me-I could even imawgne the sharp scuffling of their feet on the snow. Suddenly a broad str.rm of Fght fell acrcra the road, There was a sound of voices which sounded strmngely far away ; thers were the figures of men, thnugh trey lacked 1 ke the men we see in dreams. Mly bicycle swept on, but I could no longer oontr:l it. Everything awam before my ayes, my limbs refused to move any longer-I felt that I was iSlling falling-and I was caught in Dr Jackson's strong arms,. 