BRISBANE MINISTERS' UNION. The mortality meeting of the iBrdisb mo Ministers' Uutai was held yesterday morning in the City Tabernacle, the Rev, J. Castlehow, vice-president, of cup- like: 'the chair. Progress report was made by the committee appointed to consider the question of Sunday afternoon concerts. The Rev. S. C J Fraser, of Sydney, who was present as a visitor, was accorded a hearty reception. The press dent's address was read by the Rev. P Robertson, in the unavoida.ble absence of the president (the Rev. J. Walker, of Ipswich). The ad forces dealt mainly with the subject of the new clergy. In the opening; remarks, Mr. Walker dealt with an article which recently appeared in the Com- temporarily" by Mr. Haweis, on "The New Clergy." He said he was not until amoured of the article, which contained statements about the clergy Of Mr Iiawe'iis's church which must surely be exaggerations It seemed strange to hear of clergymen declaring that ex purposes of lay knowledge and enhance the prestige of the clergy and revealed their narrowness and inefficiency, and that the social and intellectual decline of the episcopal clergy, while company's tively recent, mis becoming worse and worse every year. Criticisms were passed on various portions of the article. and the gist of the writer's seiu'tf'inents was taken to be that One Wiiiutod the clergy to be free, to be honest in their convictions, and Co re- state, in response to the spirit of the age, the cardinal truths of Christian ty. If to be free was simply to have the privilege, star accordance with the best light of the present age, to restate ho cardinal truths of Christianity. that they of the 'noucoxuforun'in.g churches were free. They were not in bondage in this manner to any church court, or to any man. But if to be free, accord 'anger to 'the writer, meant to restate Wiese doctrines as he thought they ought to be restated, then they refused to follow him, They were Christ's free men, and they refused to be entangled in the yoke of bondage, even under the mise of freedom as laid down by Mr. Hawes. Mr. IIawrels had stated that the article eain Church Iliad already embarked on- consciously perhaps. but irrevocably, upon a wide voyage of ivsutoupnt. He thought that perhaps these lesser events of the Anglican Church and possibly gone too far. It had tolerated within its pale rests removal of verb ii iiuisnlnablou and of the Atonement. In Ellis operation these reu'tu'teinents emasculated the Scriptures which ton as are Dhhie A'tooiieaiieaiit. The great point in Mr. Hawes's articles was the necessity for a restatement of the Divine Incarnation, and his re statement of it was simply that of Unitarianism. Such a restatement would not be the more likely to commend itself to their view when they considered where it would lead. It meant that the story of the birth of Christ, as given in the first chapter of Matthew's Gospel, had simply to be classed with Pagan delusions. It struck a deadly blow at the reliability of the Gospels. The new clergy"' that they wanted were not men who would be everlastingly tinkering with and undermining the sacred Scriptures, but men who. respectful to all reverent and competent criticism, would hold fast to that word of God which had been committed to them. They did not want men who had mistaken their vocation, who were missioners of doubt and pro chalmers of novelties rather than preach era of the Faith once delivered to the saints They needed the new clergy to be, in the highest sense, examples of the Faith which they taught, full of the Holy Ghost and of power. They needed them to be filled with that Pauline passion for you that would make them ready for any personal sacrifice rather than to put a stumbling block in the way of other?, willing to suffer and, if needs be, to die for the name of the Lord Jesus and for the advancement of Elis religion in the world. A discussion followed, and a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Walker for his paper. The meeting then terminated. 