SPORTING. By 'Mascotte.' Owing to pressuro on our spaco, our ro port of the annual meeting of tho Hay Rowing Club has been held over till our next. ? : The Corrong sportsman, Mr A, C. Ed wards, has not had a turn of fortune's wheel for somo considerable time, and everyone who takes an interest in tho sport of kings was pleased to sno Carlsbad get first to tho judge in the Railway Handicap ut Naran* . . dora on Wednesday, although the man in . the box's verdict was againsb him in the Alpha Stakes. Fourteen runners donned silk in tho Railway Handicap, und Carlsbad started nt- 5 to 2 ugst. The stable had a ; good win over the race, and helped to : Tighten the satchels of the leather-lunged brigade. Our turf prophet — who is a very consis : tent tipster — went within an ace of picking the Narandera treble! , Hc selected Glen dower for the Hurdles, Escapodc for the Handicap, and Daybreak -;{u 20 to 1 chance) . for the Town Plate. He pointed out when the weights appeared that the latter was in too light. Mark this, ye good judges. Our , seer knows a horse from a hoe. ? After criticising my opinion on the Naran dera handicaps, ' Augur's Ghost' had the cast-iron effrontery to step in at the finish and select my early fancics (Escupade and Daybreak) to win the double. I must cer* tainly give this quill-driver the ' bun ' (treacled if he likes it) for inconsistency, r The first prize iu M St. Andrew's' con sultation (£40) was won by Mr Jas. How ;lett, railway employee, Narandera ; the se cond prize, £10, oy Mr Hays, produce mer chant, Narandera ; and the third prize, £5, by a syndicate of four railway employees , and 'St. Andrew ' himself. I yearn for the luck of a 'saint.' A first and a third ain't bad in two successive dips. A syndicate of local knights of printer's ink were very adjacent to Llewellyn's number in ' Saint Andrew's' sweep on tiie Narandera Handicap. A solemnity has crept over/ tho craft now which is astonishing. One of the number, who declares himself a Jonah, avers ' that if he had a mob of ducks, they'd drown themselves.' A meeting of the Hay Jockey Club is called for Monday night, at the Crown Hotel, to consider the advisableness of holding a race meeting at show time. A humorous note was struck when an Australian witness in the Pretoria (Trans vaal) trials in the person of Mr Arthur Tully was called. This gentleman stated his profession to be that of a mfo.a fitrhtor. and that his duties as a policeman were to see that the other members of the force im-. bibed justly but not too well. Tully was boxing in Albnry about two years since, and at one time gnvo an exhibition of fistiana in the Hay Carrington Rink. ' Delaware,' a sporting writer to Truths thus cynically reflects on racing matters in these districts, contenting himself by ad hering to facts where falsehoods could not bo brought in : — 'I once attended a Mur rumbidgee meeting, and as the 1 heads 9 sny, I saw something which so inspired mc that I backed a double for a couple of hundred. It was at Tumut where the double was to be decided, and though my underdinen and boots left much to be desired, I was per mitted to bet on the nod. After I had backed mjT double,! * sprung' ono of the . atowards backing my first ' leg,* a little in cident that encouraged me, and I backed the double again. Tho first Meg' won al . right, and my second * leg 9 got a four ; lengths break at the start and won me my ; double by ten lengths. None of the others cot within cooec of her. Of course I was delighted and loudly called for champagne, .or stuff supposed to bo champagne. Iliad :no more than half filled myself with fizz when a friend who was anxious to borrow a ? ? bit informed me to keep cool as there was a protest againsb the winner. On enquiry I heard that three of the stewards had backed the second heavily, and the owner, who was no fool, although he did go broke after wards, protested against the winner for 'jostling' at the back of the course. The matter was judiciously postponed until night. The stewards did nob care aboub giving their decision on the course, as thoy were all unprepared for death ; so they post poned ib until the witching hour of mid night, and then, in tho presence of a big ser geant of police and several little coppers, gave tho race to tho second horse. When I heard this extraordinary decision any six foot man could havo knocked me down with a brick. Everybody left the stewards' room in disgust except mc— I fainted, and when I regained consciousness, all my cash (two pounds odd) was gone, as well as my Geneva .watch, and tho picture of tho barmaid in the next town.' Fort has been scratched for Birthday Cup. ' A scratch football match was played on the park oval on Wednesday between teams ichosen by It. Hews and E. Bell, and re suited in an easy win for Hews' side. Se veral old players showed fair form, and a couplo of recent additions to local clubs cavo evidence of being useful acquisitions. But tho majority of tho players reminded one of ' Banjo's ' Gccbung Polo Club, For their stylo ot ptnylng was Irro^ular nnd rnah, Thoy had mighty littlo solouoo, but a mighty lot' of dash. , Tho Adelaide Cup was won by Warpaint, Miraculmn second, Trontham third. !' Peds are finally reminded that entries for the principal events in connection with the Hospital Fete close to-morrow (Saturday) .evening. Knights of the pneumatic tire, are also requested to nominate ab the samo timo for the Bicycle Raco. 