A STRANGE CLUE. Oswal~l declares that I have saved him. I write the story of the most momentous episode in his lifo and mine, in order that this generous delusion may once for all be corrected, and that the others, at least-for he is obstinate may understand how slender and fortni tones was my share in that singular deli verance. It seems to me that my narra tive will gain in clearness and coherence if I begin with the day on which I first made Oswald Wardoar's acquaintance. I had arrived in town late and un attnrde~. excent by my maid. It was my expectation that upon the arrival platform I should find in waiting either my uncle or Mr Hollinsworth, h:s chief clerk. But I was subjected to disap pointment. I scanned the many different groups of bystanders in vain, and was confiding to a porter information on the topic of baggage when a young man, whom I had observed inspecting the compartment nearer to the engine, ad vanced and lifted his hat. ' Miss Craig, I believe ?" he said. I was taken aback, for the speaker was a stranger to me, and I marvelled not only what his business might be, but how he had obtained the secret of my identity. He was tall and well built, with fair early hair, and grey-blue eyes as frank and genial in their expression as the summer sunshine. I am afraid I was frigid and haughty in my affirma tive, which in turn was an interrogation. " I have come," he said, " in response to the wish of aMr Geoffrey Craig. Oar principal has an engagement at this hoar which he is reluctantly compelled to fulfil; and Mr Hollinswonth is unfortu nately invalided. You will permit me to see to your baggage, Miss Craig 7" He was one of my uncle's staff, then -a new-comer. "Thank y so much; I shall be ex tremely obliged," I answered. My uncle's carriage was in readincess upon this point at least I need have entertained no doubts. When soated within it, I soon learned from my com panion that his name was Oswald War dour. He was deferential, but it was the deference of one bred to habits of coar tesy. There was neither presumption nor servility in his manner. He was self-possessed and unassuming. Simply a clerk I It was hard to believe it. In my not very extended travels I had met many a wealthy and titled individual who, to all ontward seeming, was less deserving the title of gentleman. Even in the first hourof reunion with my dear uncle and guardian, I somehow found opportunity to turn the conversa tion in the direction of his messenger. He rallied me with the slightly elephan tine mirth which I knew to bh a sign of his content at my re-appearance. " Yon are as much like the daughter of Eve as when you teased your father to let you sit on the clockwork that moved the ship's compass I Ha. ha I It was a favorite joke with Ferdinand, poor fellow"- the laugh turned into a sigh. "And Wardour has bewildered your girlish wits, has he ? Well, hbat the surface shows is neither more nor less than the fact. He looks a gentle man, and he talks like one; and he is one. His people have been rich in their day ; but a lawsait has come on the heels of other disasters, and left Oswald -their last r.presentatiro-with but a barren patrimony-barren in the literal sense of the word, for it mainly consists of a few hunlred acres of miserable, half-reclaimed land somewhere in the north." I still wondered why it was that the young man had not preferred the open ing of a profession to the drudgery and humble status of a desk in a ship broker's ofiice, and I made some careless remark of the kind. A momentary shade of disapproval rested upon my uncle's countenance. By implication, though quite inadver tently, I had reflected upon his own choice of a career. "Let me tell you that, in my opinion, Wardour has acted wisely," he said. " Mercantile purnsuits are as deserving of honor and respect as any others, and they more frequently lead to compe tence. Wardour has gone the right way to work, in his effort to conquer fortune by the exchange of law for trade." Here was a supplementary disclosure. The young man's ambition had at one time soared to what in my heart of hearts I fear I still regarded as a higher level. With an apology, perhaps a little wanting in candor, on my part the con versation turned into another channel. This, as I have hinted, was the cam mencement of the reproduction of a story old but ever new. What woman can ever commit to cold, callous paper the record of her wooing, or even breathe the cherished secret into the ears of her bosom friend? I at least should find this task impossible. It is enough to state briefly that, during the ongthening days of that blissful spring, Oswald and I met often, at first casually, and then by design; that feel ings of mutual interest deepened into regard ; and, before either of ni know, it had undergone yet another and more momentous evolution, and had become -love. The awakening was brought about by circumstances which threatened to quench in miserable gloom the etrog gling flame. It is necessary to explain something of the architecture and interior arrange ments of the quaint, old-fashioned build ing. It is one of the few in the city still p;?sossing a garden-a green gem in the grim, unsightly setting of encir cling brick and mortar. Tho counting bouse and business promisos occupied an entire and cosmmodious suite of rooms at the west earner of the edifice. They were carefully divided and made distinct from the still larger section of Raleigh House, which for forty years had been my uncle's bachelor residence. There was a room built ont from the main portion of the eastern pile, and connected by a covered passage with the conservatory, which was devoted to my own use. In it I set np my easel and gave free rein to the enthusiasm for art which my stay in Rome had quickened; and it was the easternto for Mr Hollins worth and Oswald Wardour to leave the counting-house from the house-they were invariably last-and sending in their keys by a trusted butler, a man who had been in my uncle's employ for a quarter of a century, to pass under the windows of my studio to the gate at the end of the broad path. I trust that this will make plain the happening of that which next I have to relate. It was excessively close for the last week of May-there was surely thunder in the air. I was tired of painting, and I had reotreated from the slowly slanting blaze of sualight which had crept balf way up my easel to a shady corner be hind the screen that masked the entrance to the conservatory. The steps I knew so well soon sounded on the asphaltes path without. The window was open and I heard voices in earnest debate. Oswald had looked furtively in, and fan cied the room was vacant, whilst I smiled in my roguish mischief at his error-a smile that quickly faded. " Yes, it is a round two hundred that I need, and that, by hook or by crook, I munt hare. Can yon aocommodate me at a pinch, Hollinsworth 7" Oswald said. They had halted; and in my own despite I was forced to play the eaves dronner. to hear, with tin?lingr cheeks, 1 my own name hrought into the discus "Possibly I can. But you must answer a question before I give you a definite decision," said the senior clerk in smooth tones, that somehow made me shiver. " Do I argue correctly from observatioe in believing that you are aiming at high game, Wardeur-that you propose to win the hand of Miss Bertha Craig ?" Plainly Oswald hesitated. My poor foolish heart seemed to cease its beating, awaiting the reply. At last it came, in an outburst of tempestuous passion. The incoherent syllables revealed the speaker's agitation. " Yon have-divined-very strangely -I regret it-my secret. I love Berths. You are the first to hear the confession." He little guessed that he had two listeners. "It will go no fur ther I am convinced, from your lips, Mr Hlollinsworth. What bearing has this on my request ?" The other gave a dry cough. "The fact constitutes a sort of secu rity, don't you see ?" he said. They had resumed their progress to wards the gate. I was alone in my new found joy. My heart went out yearning in a full and free response. Oswald should ask bat to have. Yet even at this stage there were storm clouds on the horiz m. My uncle, who for so many years had stood to me in the place of both my dead parents and a mother could scarcely have been more tender, a father more patient and forbearing-would probably object, and consider himself victimised by those he had befriended. I was but a child in his eyes still, though my twentieth birthday was passed; and I hal a conviction that he had formed quite a different plan for my future. Again, there could be no very cheerful meaning to Oswald Wardour's urgent need of so consider able a sum as £200. My forebodings with respect to my uncle's opposition speedily were justified by the event. He drew me quietly one morning into the big, desolate chamber which was called a library, and e0 rarely used. " I have heard a whisper, Bertha, which I hope has no foundation in fact," he said. " I will keep my own cunsel as to its precise terms. I have two things to say. Your cousin, Roger Hilton, is coming to Englned in the autumn from his firm's branch at Hong kong. He will be made a partner at Christmas. I want you to be friends." He emphasised the word. " The other matter concerns Wardour. I would like to help him up the ladder, but you must not tempt him to presume. You and he ha i better be practically strangers to one another. If there is any danger of mis take, I will at once fill Wardour's place with a substitute; there are plenty to be had." It was in every sense plain speaking. Twice I had attempted-in vain-to in terrupt, and when my uncle had liashed he waved me sternly into silence. "Not now; some other time, Bertha," he said, and was gone. Perhaps it was well that my indig nant self- defence and championship of Oswald was ruthlessly suppressed. I am of an impulsive temperamrent, as doubt less has been disclosed, and might have pitifully blundered. But my brain was in a whirl, and I was embittered against Mr Hollinsworth, who, beyond reason able question, had made traitorous neo of the admission wrung from his too confiding colleague. This disagreeab'e episode was but the early muttering of the coming tempest Two days later the storm broke in its fury. Mly uncle had been robbed. A orgery had come to light, and every atom of evidence combined to fix the Wardonr. "The chain of proof is complete and irrefragible, Berllth. I earnestly wish I could escape the conclnuion to which it points," said my uncle, sitting in his smoking-chair and watching with a cmnions, troubled pity, my pale and pleading countenance. "Yon will forgive mo that I hare still faith in Mr Wardoor's integrity," I said. Very strange and.far off my words sounded in my own ears. " Certainly. I wish I could share it. I knew Wardonr's mather once; she was a noble woman, and pure as the driven snow. It was for her sake that I listened to the young fellow's applica tion. And the blow will kill her." Had I been less absorbed by the one aim which was now before me, I should hKav detected in this outburst the echoes -yet reverbarating down the years-of an old romance. The interpretation was to come later. "Then at least yon will refrain from preosing the prosecution ?" I said, plncking up hope. Alas I for a girl's gnorance I " It is the bank, not 1, on whose ini iative Wardonr will be committed," my mncle answered, "and once the charge has come iunder their cognisance, there to no option but to proceoJ. At the rial the incriminating circumstances lack as they appear, I am constrained to admit, even to me-maybe explained and Wardour may be acquitted; but until then-" I heard no more. They told me after wards that I had swooned. There were two dreadful appearances in a police court, of which, like an opi curb in anguish, I studied all the details in the daily journals. I was not forbid den, for I think my uncle fancied that so only could my mind be effectually freed from the delusion of Oswald War dour's innocence. The case was indeed dark against the prisoner, and there were moments when confidence reeled and I feared that I might have to drink my cup of bitter ness to the dregs, and with my own reasoning faculties acquiesce in a verdict of condemnation. But the memory of many and many a quiet chat in which Oswald's high aspirations and upright coaractor had stood revealed came back like a procession of mournful ghosts and reproached me with my doubts. Gathered into a narrow space, the testimony on which the charge was based was as follows : Oswald Wardour had admitted to Mr Hollinsworth the pressing want of precisely the sum ob tained as the fruit of the unscrupolona deceit. He had tried to borrow the amount and ultimately failed. To the truth of the greater part of this sworn eridence of the senior c!erk I, too, coold harve witnessed, had the prosecution had any inkling of the circmustances; Icckily they were in darkness. The cheque that bore the forged signature was one that had been drawn " to bearer," for Mr Craig's approval and comp'etion, on the previous even ing; and as, contrary to expectation, my uncle had not reappeared in the counting-house after noon, had been left in a private letter-rack until the morning. But on the morrow it had mysteriously vanished-until a con fidential warning sent to the bank had revealed that it had already been negotiated by Oswald Wardoer. The fraud was at once detected. The prisoner's defence was declared uy eio newspapers to o "daring," which was their euphemism for im probable and unsatisfactory. Without equivocation, Oswald - acknowledged that he had asked Mr Hollinsworth to loan him two hundred pounds for three months. He further affirmed that his senior had alternated between willing nces and unwillingness to grant his petition for momentary aid. But what was his meditated use for the money he refused to say ; and the silence was in terpreted against him. Finally-on the night in question- he had casually met Hollinsworth, and had beea recommended to a friend who would supply the required sum on the following morning at a coffee room in Canton-etreet. t'nsp:ctiog no evil, ho went to Torlenti's restaurant, and, met there a middle-aged man, with massive features, raven black hair and a hawk like nose-snch was Oswald's descrip tion, and it fixed itself in my memory who said that he was a ijnlor partner in Wiltonwort and Company, a new firm recently founded in the same line as the great house of " G. Craig." He know and respected Mr Hollins worth, and on his introdnctiCn would oblige Oswald. It was a surprise said the accused-to find the draft thus offered bore Mr Craid's name; bat a plausible account of a busineso transac tion was carelessly given, and Oswald did not dream of treachery. Even when the unsigned cheque was missed, a vague sense of uneasiness was all that troubled him, until his feet were actually caught in the net. This tale pointed to a conspiracy, of which no fragment of corroboration was forthcoming. Mr Hollinsworth denied every word of it that inculpated himself, and was believed-except by one weak girl. I had never likeo this mman although at one time or another and in divers ways I had seen mach of him, and had been impressed by his wroat mnercantle knonledge ana hi impassable demeanor. Still, my uncle had always implicitly treated him. The case against Oswald as it stood, awaiting the last word of so-called justice, was currently held to be tested and determined by a single question : Where was the shadowy indiridual who played so conspicoons a part in the prisoner's narrative? Wiltonwort and Company knew nothing of him. Let the accused prodoce him, or pat the police upon his track. My unc!e-wes very kind to me in thao duys. Hte could not help seeing that I vwas sifering, and the cause was not far to seek. Bat he refrained from harassing inquiries and from expostola tion. He probably reproached himself for erer bringing into juxtaposition the nflmmable material of two young hears. My knowledge of what was in Oswald's heart was surreptitious; he had never told me that he lored me nor had he asked me to he his wife. "Loadon is not esniting you in these close days. Bertha." said na, . n l gravely one evening, in the interval that was to precede Oswald's trial at -name of horror and doom !-the Old Bailey. "Suppose you run down to Edgerly'e pines in Warwickshire for a week or two; they'll be delighted to make you welcome." These were the friends of my Italian pilgrimage, and I was sure that the suggestion was not broached at hap hazard. There had doubtless been a correspondence. I hesitated. Then "If you wish it, I think I will go, ucle," I sead. My preparations for the journey were not elaborate. AMrs Brett, the houso keeper, was a person of forethought and resource, and a few hours sufficed to have my travelling boxes inspected and packed, and my uncle saw me into a reserved first class carriage at Euston. The train by which I travelled stopped at all the chief junctions from Willeden to its goal. Ic was immedi ately after passing one of these stages that a seemingly trivial circumstance occurred, upon which, with a mental vision less quickened by suffer:og, I should perhaps have bestowed no particular attention. Certain frag ments of torn paper flattered in the breezr past my open window, anJ one of them- somewhat larger than its com panions-became fixed between the mahogany slide and the blind cord. It quivered like an ensrored living thing. Suddenly I started, and a queer thought fominated my brain. The clear, fine caligraphy waR wondrously like the writing of my uncle's chief clerk. I examined the scrap narrowly, and my suspicion was confirmed. The very paper had the waterline of that ueod in my uncle's ofnioe, and was of similar roxure. I read : -door will be con -at number eight Tour street -letters will be suore A whisper-which was the product, doubtless of my heated imagination, but which sounded as the voice of one oven than languishing in prion-tillod in the missing syllables in the first lino, and I repeated mechanically. " Wardour will be convicted. He shall not I" I cried aloud. Who had destroyed and scattered upon the winds this letter ? Could it be the trickster of Torlenti's restaurant ? This inspiration was justified by what my eyes behoeld at the very next station. To scrutinise those who alighted from the forward half of the train was now my absorbing ococupation, and I was quicoty ropaIs.I At JBen·tOrcu my glance w as riroted, as if by magnetism, npon a man who answered almost exactly to the word picture given from Oswald's lips in the colomns of the Daily BSun. There were the ponderousna features, the coul-blaok hair and the scanty board, the nose of distinctly Israeltish cast. I drew down my veil, and ob:ivione to my luggage and its fate, of evoery thine Eave the imperative necessity of tracking the apparently unporturbed atranger, left my compartment also. It was neither a long nor a diflioult pnr anit, or I might hare betrayed my par pose. My qnarry entered a third-rate inn at the bottom of the station hill; and as he was accompanied by a porter with a bag, who left the latter behind as he reappeared from the side door of he bar, I had good ground for my hope that a stav was intended. I soubht out the oenefor?l post office, and immediately despatched a telegram to my uncle. I felt I had stumbled upon the trail of the real criminal in that dreadful bosiness of the forgery; or rather I should say criminals, for as a sequel showel, the guilt was almost equally divided. In the afternoon my uncle arrived, listened with amazement to my startling story, and adopted bold measures. On the strength of his cogent representa tions a magisterial warrant was granted ; and, armed with this, the Deneford inspector of police arrested the man called Edgar Hollinsworth. Discomfited and demoralized by the swift suddenness of the blow, the victim threw himself on the clemency of the magistrate, in other words made full confession. It was a disclosure lull of pain for the upright merchant whose trust had been abused. Again I will try to condense an intri cate narrative. James Hollinsworth, my uncle's senior clerk and cashier, had allowed to grow up in his heart a jealous hatred of Oswald Wardout. Ho feared that in due time Oswald might step above him into the partnership at which for so many years hs--Hollinsworth- had aimed. Hollilsworth had a soapo grace brother called Edgar, long ac counted dead, who had reappeared at ,..e.,r r1.... 11 ;....,.f-- .Mý.,, e I., 1. touchstones of men's characters. Ho had visited my uncle's clerk in the office at an hour when Oswald was away at the docks, and had tried to levy black mail. Then came the temptation, to which the older brother had seccumbed. Could not Oswald's need of £200 be made the basis of a plot to rain him ? James Hollinsworth told his ally what was required, and purchased at a heavy price his assistance. How the scheme workel has already been made plain. It was a singular coincidence, and one which did not redound to the man's credit, that, under pressure of these revelations, a waiter at Torlenti's restaurant had his memory quickened, and was prepared to testify to the occur rence within his master's precincts of the interview between Elgar Holline worth and Oswald Wardonr, as related in Oswald's earliest statement. My uncle always believes that this waiter had been bribed to silence. It proved impossible to hush up the affair, and a sentence of penal servitude was passed upon both the brothers. "And you saved me,3liss Craig," Oswald said, when, for a few precious minutes on the morning of his release, we were alone. "But for you I might be in yonder -all yet," and he shuddered. " Miss Oraig-Bertha-is my guess a right one-that you care-that at least you can care-for me a little, when I tell you that my heart, my life are yours ?" Oswald will have it that I was too excited to know in what terms he did reveal the secret; but I stand to what I have written. At least I am correct in reporting my answer. " I can care-everything," I mur mured. A few months after, the one remain ing mystery was solve 1. Coal had been discovered on Oswall's "barren acres in the north." It was for purposes of ex periments, in which he was sworn to secrecy, that he had required the loan of the £200. But, even without the pros pect of this wealth, my uncle would now have withdrawn his opposition to Oswald as my suitor. "Your love, child, has been tried in adversity; may it be the stronger and more lasting," he said. We are grateful and content. 