THE GENERAL ELECTION THE " COURIER. " AX'D ME. DRAKE THE OPPOSITION I« DEAD. THE MOflSTEKLM^ESTS A*D LABOR SOCIALISTS LITE. BBISBAJfE 'Friday. Tli© " Courier." in a leader dealing with Mr. Drake's meeting: states:— After listening to Mr. J. G. Drake"? exposition* of the Opposition history and policy, we are Inclined to think Mr. Powers' disappearance a v<ery great, though unintentional, service to the colony. He smote the Labor party with a force which lie himself was unable to realise at the time, and it has staggered ever since under the hi aw. His sword laid hare the Laber leaders' foolish pride, and still more foolish selfishness. His sadden abandonment of the leadership of the Opposition was honorable and almost necessary That abandonment, be it conceded, left 'that party In a pitiful condition of weakness and defenceleesness, but ne arer before to-day dad tiie ghastSin ilcps of its poverty appeal so oower fully to the public compassion. We now have the case with which tiie Opposition goes to the country; and we are bound to say that nothing in our experience of colonial political crises approaches the awful destitution of tiie Queensland Opposition in iliis crisis. It seems to be utterly incapable of lifting itself up to the occasion and absolutely misses its opportunity. It is the blindest of all exhibitions of party feebleness on record here, and we are almost tempted to add else where. This is the worst; let the Oppo sition following now justified by the precedent of its late leader, make haste to efface itself. We must look to other circumstances and perhaps to other men for effective constitutional Oppo sition. This one, if we must judge it by the case it presented last sight, owes only one last duty to itself and the country. The audience gathered to hear a rousing exposition of party poli cy, the trumpet note of battle on the eve of the elections, what it got was the 4rip, drip, drip of a long drawn out funeral eloquence. The electoral atti tude of the Opposition is to go straight forward. It is to have nothing to do with other parties, and will not recog nise " Independents,™ but there is a suggestive silence and softness with regard to the Labor party. The note of indignation in Mr. Powers' Mary borough speech is absent from- last night's deliverance, and evidently the] Opposition candidates tie relying a good deal on the Labor vote. The coun try at large will do well to look upon! the Opposition as a dead party, and ] let it join its beloved ghosts of 1888. The two real parties, with real policies, are tiie Ministerialists and the labor Socialists. 