T H Hi SENFREY MYSTERY; A BROTHER'S VENGEANCE. A Detective Story. fMitkt* by tpecial ammgmmi-«ftt Jfewr> Ward, Lock f Bowim, Lt&, [ALL BIGHTS RE8KBVKD] CHiPTBB IS—(OairTnmsi>). BT HXNBY FfKBMtN. The landlord of the coffee shop, having plaoed tii* cups of tea, squired his elbows. "And who'* to pay for it, please f" ha ssfced. " I'm • 'ouse'older and a ratejja, and I ain't goin* to pay for no 6 mlkin' losfers doin' nothing and robtnn' Cm parish." The body man enapped his fingers at the latdlord's nose. «'Thst't >11 yon know," he said. "If (hemes brought yon np had taught yon readin' and uritit' and philoeophinks, they'd a told you as the ratepayers ain't got nothink to do with them there questions. It's hissperiai- It is, and not pooM." Hereupon the landlord opened his eyes. •• And who's to pay for it, then J" he repeated. "The avails. Them ae has millions, when I've got only three bob and a kick. Them as eati rabbits and salt pork, when I've got to bs satisfied with a two-eyed •teak. Them as drinks beer by the quarts and get boozed when they likes, when I've got to. wash myself oat with, your tidily rot." The parehment-faoed man bridled up at tkb- " Don't yon go Blsnderin' my tea," he taid. * If s been good enough for your bettors, and is good enoaph for tbe lik» of yon." I thought it was time to interpose. " Stop that jaw," I cried, in my gnffest tows. "I want my tea. Bat your politics. We're here to eat and drink, not to spout.'' Hereupon the burly man rose and crossed over to me. He stood at the end of the table of my box, resting on his and bent forward. " And wot?s it got to do with yon ?" he liitd ronghly. The ooffee-house keeper had walked to the further end of the room, and the broad bask was squared against him, so that he cmld not see the burly man's fsoe. The detective looked oantionsly over his ehoulder, and then winked meaningly. I took no notice of the sign. • It his got a lot to do with me," I retorted. " I'm hungry, and want my grab. Ton stay in your box and feed, and let me hare my tea;" "O.K.,Cody Wax," .rejoined the burly man. " Ton've ewailsred the pepper box and got thirsty, you have Gaw away, and fay to be a little more politer when next a gennelmaa tries to teach yon wot you don't know." "Here! here, yon two!'' shouted the landlord. "Don t you gs quarrelling in mj plaee, else I chucks yon both." " Come on,'' shouted the hig man, " I'm a waitin' to be ohuoked " Tie landlord's ardour was apparently not thonragh- paoed,iar he made no move* ment, bnt simply exclaimed c " Well, thbm, hehave yourselves. I don't want the row is my place." With this he disappeared behind the little door, which led -most probably, to his kitchen. I looked round the plaee, and quickly espied another door at the farther end of the room, and, without farther ado, walked up to it and opened it. It led into a losg and nearly dark passags. I had barely advanced halts doeen-etepe when I became aware of a peculiar aarid and aaedicinal odour, which lay heavy upon the air and gripped my lungs pan gently. But before I had time to farther investigate it, the door behind me was opened again, and the shrill voioe of the little red-haired minx was heard there. "Eh, you 'thereI I like your oheek. Come aht o' that I" I pretended not to hear, and fumbled on, when the little tminx ran after me ought hold of me by the shirt sleeves. " Where are you goin'f she said. " Yon ayn't got no bisuin 'ere." The parohment-faoed man appeared at the opposite end at that -moment, and I deemed a -prrincged Investigation unwise. *• 'JSre—you ! What are you walking about there fer I Oat yon come 1" I re- entered the roem slowly. *• What a fun you're making," I said quietly. " Oae would think you'd got snmwMng- to hide there. I was doing na harm," " Hans er no harm," snarled the shopkeeper, " yen ain't got no business in there. Pert Laps you'd like so buy the shop aad 'oma for your fbnrpenoe ha'penny f ' •• I don* wan -your'house and shop, _ answered. "1 want my tea, and I.want to know If I can have a bed here." No," was the groS reply. We don't let no beds 'ere." The burly mas in the opposite box sped a knowing wink towards me, whloh elicited no reply. While I was eating the food plaoed before me I tried to think from what ohemical proceeded the odour whloh had reaohed me in the passage, "I've hit it,'' 1 said to myself. "It's opium—opium i but net opium alone I poisoning him out there somewhere." The premises behind and above the coffeo-ehop being barred to me, further stay for the moment was useless. I left theahop, and looked right and left for possible lodgings. Host people in that road let rooms; and as luok would have it, the very next house had a little bill over the doer—"A bedroom to let." I knocked, and found a slatternly middle-aged Irish woman, who informed me that the bedroom was at the baok of the house on the first floor. I was shown into it, and found It a pokey little plaoe, with only a smad iron bedstead, a washstand, a rlokety chest of drawers and a ohalriuit. I paid the rent demanded for it, four and sixpence a week, In advanoe, and was immediately lasts! ed. " I haven't gained much," I said, as I looked out into the oourtyard. Opposite me loemed a dead, whitewashed wall some eighteen feet high. As far as I eonld sea. It formed the baok of an outbuilding which led from theooffee-ehop towardsa shed at the baek'of the yard. I could see very little of the last ereotipnex. oept tbs roof, whloh wai flat and of lead, and seemed to have a ramshaokle skylight la it. What little I oeuld discover of the construction of the shed seemed to be tumble-down briok, and it had the appearance of being, or having been, used as a workshop. It might have been a waahhonse. "That's the plaoe," I said to myself, from whloh that medlolnal smell came." I looked further. A great stack of timber loaned jnst beyond theahed, thus ae oaring abso ute prlv«oy onthat aide. At the baok there was more timber. The courtyard of the house in whloh l Ured was oonneoted JJWn the bare wall opposite me by one a nttle lower, some fourteen feet high, perhaps. I surveyed the field el my possible operations. There was no way ofgetttng into the next yard or Into the shed except by oHmblng out of my window on to the wall at the baok. a prooeeding fraught with dlffiuulty. Then, by going along the top of toe wall, I might easily swing myself on to the roof of the .hed. Bit. ol course, aU»at was Impossihle in daylight. I had ublde my time until darkness oame to my I' "rang d my thing*, and til en went out, walking lound the block la whioh my newly rajnd lodgings stood, for the purpose of Swung a general Idea of Its position and the svtMe, Of esoape, in oase egress through the frontwere barred. A huge f^tSy blocked the wajonthe eoathTand oo the •Mt other houses, folly -tenan*ed,4ined the sides of the street On the west only exit seemed pond hie. The big timber yard afforded a ready plaoe of refuge. It had been murky aU along, and now a fine drizzle set in. I returned to my roem. As it grew darker, the drizzle changed to a steady rain, whloh, after half an haur or so, became a regular downpour. The water splashed en the roof of the shed opposite to me with quite a petty roar. The sky was black, and the darkness became dense. " How's my time," I said to myself. I took off my ooat and waistcoat, and put on an old pair of trousars. Then I threw off my boots, soas'to be able te-nwve noiselessly; I next -opened my window and looked out. Nothing but the pitchy pall of the night. No light gleamed in any of the windows aloes if. Whether the people In the ooffee shop ware awake or not, nobody might have told. Some distanoe farther on* two or three pale yellow blotches stood out in the murky space; but beyond that nothing. I pushed my head out of the window, and. firmly gripping the. wooden frame, I allowed myself to slide down outvide, kinking tin sir for a-foothold onthe low wall at the end of the yard. Alter an effort during whloh my grip nearly gave way and my fingers became numbed, I managed to put my foot on the plaoe. Then I caaght hold of thewatarplpe at the end of the honre, and. thus steadying myself, knelt down en the ooplug. A storm broke loose at that moment. The lightning flashed and the thunder rattled. There were momenta when the lightning throbbed with a white heat on theheavens, lighting up the aosne all round I and I was afraid of being notioed. I orawled along on my stomach, and, after a little spaos, reaohed the top of the shed opposite. There I layrdown aad listened between-the cradfts, but heard nothing. Then I dragged myself along again, pausing and lying flat at times. The rain splashed and hissed and spattered, and the roar of the tbnnder altogether drowned the noise of my guarded movements. I reaohed the skylight and looked down. All was ttaok as pltoh below—nothing but a great Inky void. I had my ear oloee to ths glass, but not a sound reached me for a long while. At last,-even in ths midst of • ths bellowing thunders, a lew moan faintly rose to my ear, and a veloe called a name whioh I did not understand. I had been lying there in the furious tain for half an hour, perhaps, and my limba had become stiff and numb, when, on a sodden, a light shone into the room below, and as I peered down with burning eyes, I oould see that it oame from a candle held by ths parohment-face d man. "Wot d'ye want now!" he shouted gruffly to some one below. I searched the space bdow by ths fitful gleam. The ooffee-• bop keeper had approached a low eouoh—a traokla bed most likely—on whioh lay a man. The light fell on his features at that moment and lit them np with a ourious Bsmbrandtesque glow, and I oould see them ghastly ashen. It was Jasper Byrne ; but Jaspsr Byrne wan and wasted, his faoe like m death mask. I could the shaking hand, whloh he tried to raise, and the eyes which glarad nnnannily as the-light wss refleoted oa them. The thunders had oeased just tben, and the eplubing rala was the only noise audible abovp, exoept now and then the low whish and- wall of the wind. I lay still as a corpse, and listened with my heart in my a. "I want to go away," Byrne gasped hoarsely. " You're killing me. I know you are. -You're not giving me anything to make kne well again. I -am dying." Rubbldge I" reterted the man. " Yon hold your row, or ifll be the wuss for you. The Oonnt e '«re." Another figure entered the plaoe at that moment. I reooguieed it immediately as Brodis, In spite of the big ulster with upturned odilar and the elouoh hat whloh he wore. ' The Maltese immediately stepped to the little bed. " Yon have deceived me!" he cried In Frenoh. " My oase was not in that wallet. Tell me where you have put it, or I will strangle you." The poor man shrank baok on Us oouoh. " Oh, no I" he cried. *' I told you right. I told you the truth. It was in my pooketbook." It was not," retorted Brodle. "You stole it, and you have hidden It, you villain. You want to keep it still; but I will drag it from you. So you thought you could play your game with me 1' He rushed at the reclining figure and shook it roughly. I will ahate the life out of you it yon do not tell me the troth." Byrne raised a nervously fumbling hand to guard agaiast his cowardly aggressor, and I oould hear the creaking of thi little oouoh under Brodle's violence. Then the moans oeased, aad all was silent fer a moment. "He's told a lie, then?" asked theooffeehousekeeper; "Yes," replied Brodle. " My case was not in that wallet. The wretch stele It to keep* hold over me, and we'll have to get it baok somehow." A moment afterwards aU was darkness again below. I had heard enough, and crawling carefully back, reached my room. I looked and felt more like a drewnedtat than a man, but I thought myself well repaid. CHAPTER X. UOTWISTIKO ALL THI CHAINS. When I had thrown off my soaked clothing, and restored my sluggard circulation by rubbing myself with a dry towel, I deliberated with myself about the best esurse of action. Jasper Byrne was being poisoned by these wretches, there was no doabt about that. If he remained in their dutches for another night and another dsy, there would probably be an end of him. ft course It eras quite within my power to give information to the polioe and then have him dragged out of this murderer's den, but as I oame to turn-it over In my mind, I decided to undertake the task myself, Jasper Byrne would prove a most useful person i It l-gained his ooafid*noe, my path might be oleared of many difficulties. It was not an ean task, however. As far as I oeuld judge, he was extremely weak, aad would have to be lifted bodily to the roof of the shed, and then carried along that narrow wall and raised through the Window of my room. An unguarded or untoward movement might result in my breaking my neck. In addition to that, the task would have to be undertaken when aU was absolutely quiet, and it was only possible if jasper Byrne was left nngnardod in his shod. The thunders had oeased to growl, but the rain swished on-as furiously as before. It was a regular deluge. The night was still dark as pltoh. Brf ore twilight had set in, I had notioed that my landlady 4iad left her clothes-lines stretohed bom wall to wall In the oonrtyard, and I made op ay mind to nss these In my work. I waited until Big Ben strmcktwa.- 'All was still ai death. Not a sound anywhere. The rain had abated its fury, and was a steady, penetrating drizzle. The first tiling I had to do was to reaoh ths ysrd. That n i not difficult. I got out of my window as before, jollmbed down the water-pipe in the oorner, and immediatelyoesured something like forty jards at stoat clothesline. These I ooiled together and slang them acroes my- shoulder. Then I ollmbed back to the-partition wall in the manner I bad come, and aeon was on top o£ theahed-op- I looked-abeut me. No light anywhere. I crawled on hands and knees along^the roof oi the o'athouse, whioh reached from the shed to the coffee-shop building itself. There I lay down and listened. Ho sound, oo breath. I peered into the darkness in -every direction, but no light, no -sound of life anywhere. { returned, still on my hands and knsea, to the roof of the shed, and found the skylight. I tried to lift It, bnt faliel. I felt with groping fingers for the edges of the frame. The patty, though soaked on top by the rain, was dry as dnst «niern«ath, and ornmbledawayunder my touch. Itsokent my clasp-knife, and, ai quickly asl oould, removed the putty from one frame. Then I inserted my knife to lift the aheet of glass; bnt, as bad luok would have It, the glass waa probably oraoked, for a pleoa escaped me and fell with a little erash to the floor belew. I lay quite sttn and listened. I oould see nothing in the shed, but I oeuld hear a movement and a little ory of surprise. After that* • alienoe as of death, jasper Byrne was evidently done, and nobody had heard me. Undaunted, I went on and- ripped the putty from another pain of glass. There I was more snooessful, and the aperture waa larger. I had barely anooseded when I heard a movement bdow and a faint cry. Again I listened.' The movement continued, but no other jiving preeanoe M a itself known. I lay down on the roof and called " Mr Byrne f and a scarcely audible " Who isitt For God's sske, who Is It—who calls mef waa th« reply. 4 " I'm a friend," I said. 1 Keep quiet 1 and listen. I'm here to rescue you." There was a alight pans*, during which 1 thought I oould hear my heart-beat ekgainst my libs. Then' oame the answer— "Thank God 1 thank Gcd 1" " Don't be frightened at Anything I may do," J said—<* Ui quiet,-«ud-givB so sign.'-' I felt with my bands along - the^edgs xt the aperture which I had made, and managed to reach the latoh, whioh,- on the inside, heldthe skylight fastened down. It was rusted into the catah; and' ft wascnly by a desperate effert that lanooeedndlnloosenlng' It. After that it was-essy to raise the- aky-" light and give an opening iaige onongh te admit threetnen. The'next qnntion was ' iiow t6 Meeosifa. ! I oeuld see nothing in the pltohy darkness, but the distance from the roof -to the floor oould not be more than abont- twelve feet/ I andofled s fotHosui zw-rdothesllneand' ^ fastensd about twenty yards of It to the soils iron staple which formed the'catch' of this; skylight Jatob, and «Ud along it in-ahearkbeat'e space. Iinoklly for -myseU, -I hsd> brought"my fhste box; and when 1 bad' reaohed the bottom ! struak-a match. -' \- A ewift 'glanoe aroon^ theTilaae ahtrwed me a oorner when my way up would be easier. Oa eaofraide uf the-«ky-ligh% trea* beams <an- right -suid'lat'fodsn.the* Wall to the roof. Even if the staple gave sray, I oould'Teaehthe roof. I struck another 'matbh and'peeredfnte Jasper Byme's faoe." Z had newrtoeii suiAi' a ghastly grsy face before. The lips -ware bine; his-whole frame «book «s in an-ague. He would have to be oarried -like a child. He looked at me curiously for a sesond. Why, yen're the tnanin tiie bext toem< to toe at Mr* Rooney'e P' he gssped hoarsely. "lam," Xreplied. "I disoovered that roa were in danger of being murdered, and [*n take you bade to Mis Rooney's to-night, but for Heaven's sake den't whisper even; You are not strong enough te move, I suppose f He raised hlmadf painfally, and then -I saw that be waa dressed in his treusers and check cotton shirt. " Have you your boots here t" I asked. Ha shook his head. ••No ooatr Again he shook his head. "Well, well have to do without them," I said.' "Now, do exactly what I tell you. You must let me arrange you In such a way that I oanoatxy you, as I would a baby, on my back." Soea'ing, I lifted him-up, and seated him on the bed with his back to the wait Then I knelt down in fronfof him with my baok towards him. Now," I said, " fling your arms around my neck, and try to olntoh me with your legs." He made a feeble effort, and at last succeeded. In the meantime t held seme ten or twelve yards ef clothes-line between my teeth. I threw a double ooll of the rope behind my baok, oatohing him underneath the arms. This I fastened across my ohest; then by dint of muoh fnmbling I pushed the ondsbetween my lege- aad oaught his legs. These I 'tied as best I oould. Movement was of course impede i this way, but if the peer fellow's strength failed it might save me and him from breaking our neoke." Now," I said, hold eh to my neck with all-your strength. Your life and mine may depend upon it." I oould feel his bony fingers olosing with the grip of despair across my breast, and his nails digging into my flesh. As I raised myself, I found that, after all, he seemed to be no great drag. I poshed the bed against the wall when I oould clutoh the beam, and swung myself np with it. Then I caught the rope whloh was hanging loosely from the staple, and although the Iron creaked and the rope attained^ in imminent danger of bursting, I managed to swing myself up to the skylight and drag myself through It, with Byrne clinging desperately to my baok. Onbe out, I unfastened the rope and oolled it around Byrno's body and mine, to give added security, I orawled baok en my hands and knees along ths narrow ooplng of the partition wall; but the severest trial came when I attempted to reaoh my own Window. Here I nearly missed my foot' and only by a hair's bresdth esoaped tui Ing headlong down into the paved yard, I never thought that I should be able to lift the dead weight en my back into the window. But at last I managed it, and Byrne aad myself were in security In my Fortunately for both of as, the rain had oeased. I was as soaked as before, but Jasper Byrne's clothing was dry, exoept where it had oome in contact with mhw. There was no time to be .lest. Therefore I dressed Byrne in my ooat, and fitted him with a pair of old shoes I had brought with An old soft felt hat of mine completed hlaattire. That being done, I decided not to lose a seoond, but taking him in my arms, I carried him down-stairs. Ths hall doer was looked and belted, and the noise whloh I had to make in unbolting it bronght somebody to the top landing, and a woman's voioe oalled out shrilly— "Who's that down there? What are you doing f "It's only I," I replied. " Tvs got to go to my work." •Do you work at three e'dook in Ae morning ? " shouted the voice. Yea, at three o'clock in the morning," I replied ; bat by that time, having drawn all the bolts, I went oat and slammed the door behind me. It waa a matter of indlfferenoe to me what my good landlady might oare to do afterwards. All was quiet in the street Net a sound. I walked along Belvedere Boad, carrying Jaspxr Byrne. He was net very heavy, but he felt more like an inanimate object in my. arms than a live man. At the comer of the Westminster Boad the steady tramp of a policeman ««m« towards me, and after proceeding a soore of paoes I saw the oonstable. He flashed his bull's-eye at me, and said— Where are you going to with that man?" "It's a poor pal of mine," I replied, that is dying, I think; and I'm going to see if I can get him in a hospital." The round-disk of light was full on Jasper Byrne's face for some ten or twelve seoonds. He does look bad." said the pcdloeman softly. <• He looks ae If a hospital wouldn't be able to do muoh good for! But they won't take him in at tUs -*ime of night." "I think they will." I replied. "They'll take him in at the Free Hospital in Gray's Ion Boad, If I can only findaoab." The policeman's bull's-eye flashed into my faoe and travelled over me. Goon then," he ssld; and! hope you •uooeed. Step for a moment." he added; yon ought give me your name." »*George Grant," I rejoined, 212 Belvedere Boad." . The polioeman flashed 7 his light at me again, and jetted down the name md address in hia book. -_,,'•' On Westminster Bridge I met a crawling oab and the offer of three -shillings wss anfficientto ensure the driver's best eer-Tices. I shall not forget Mrs Rooney's fsoe when, stter ringing and knookfag* if I bad intendedtotoar the House3dowB,«ieopenea the door. The poor woman fairly screamed. «Is it Wr Byrne I" ehea.it "or is it his ghost ? Good heavem I ke Ssn't sdead, is het" "So, he Isn't dead,"'I eald, "but he may dla,- we do something mediately to bring him round." "Poor Mr Byrne I" blabbered His Beoney, when I had <oarrIed the man'upstairs and laid him en his bed. "What have they been doing to bim,the villains? And you, Mr Grant; what have you been and '• done to yourself, looking for all the world as If you'd been trying to sweep the street t And look at your olothes." "Bun,- Mrs Eooneyt'' I interrupted; " make a cup of ooffee ea strong and as hot as you can, and fly for your life." She looked at me for a seoond In ammd enquiry. "Bun!" I went en. "This man's life may depend on what you do." I lighted a candle. Bryne lay »po- his bed like a log. But for a barely perceptible breathing he might have been dead. His face was grey, hk lips nearly green, his eyes closed. That he was Suffering from aome Harootio poisoning waa beyond question; but to my mind he wss -not suffering from naroetio -poisoning alone. The feebleness of the pulse, the absence of perfiplration, and, when I tried It. the ewlft effeot ef the light of my candle upon the pupils proved to me that there was -a preponderance most likely of another' venom, probably the metallic One." Hra'Boeney soon oame, 'With a stssxmng cup of coffee In her hand. I administered « spoonful of it 1 at a time, as bsst l oould, to the patient, and though It had but little Visible effeot upon him, I knew, from the klightly ' stronger "breathing and froen the weak effort te roase himself, that I bad doaetight. \- I did not oara -to be&r; the responsibility xi this man's life or -death, Specially as i was perieotly in~the dark about what had Jiappsned -to -him. Therefore i -seat Mrs Raoney for her dostor, whe arrived about half *a hoar afterwards in he* hast*, net at all ojrerpleasBd at being palled -oat of his led at that time of the morning. He * grumpy man;' prematurely bald, with stubby, raddieh-brewh whiskers. When he saw-S/rne he shook his head, .-v " The man has been taking opium," ha •aid; "that's as plain as daylight A filthy habit, and deserves all he has got." \- ; "Bnt what are we to do, doctor?' 1 I asked. Do t" he growled. " I wish I'd'known it was a oase like this whea 1 was oalled oat til my bed just as X got a wink of deep, after being up half the night with accident oase. Do? No use trying a stomach ramp with him; he's soaked with ik OghtfayahemeHo/ Fntoold wet towels on his hsmdand nhest.- Try «nd keep -him awake. If you haven't any oompound camphor liniment in the Iwuserput a poultioe of mustard and osyunftp^psr cm htaa, aad as soon ae it's daylight, you can send for some sal volatile and let him 1 breathe that. I've given him a portion of a eup of ooffee," I said. *' I suppose I wasn't doing wrong."- "Not at all,"he said gruffly. Tunoh him—jnmp an him—bat keep him awake. GoOdasbrning." " What's that nloe gentleman's namef I asked Mrr Rooney, when the surgeon bad left the room. " That's Dootor Benderley," she said. He's not very nloe as a rale, but I never knew him to be a boor like that." It struok me very forcibly that Doctor Benderley oarried on his shoulders a very (rave -responsibility, and that if Jasper Byrne died, serious questions might be put to the worthy dootor as te whether or nay he had given the oase sufficient attention. The treatment whioh he prescribed I knew to be quite correct in the oase ol poisoning by opium, but I feared, and, indeed, thought I knew, that opium was not the only dangerous substanse with whioh Byrne had been drugged. Mrs Booney and myself spent the next few hours in carrying out Dootor Benderley's instructions, slightly varied in suoh a manner ae .my common sense and general medioal knowledge warranted. It was nearly nine o'clock before I felt a little eader. The pulse had beoome stranger, the breathing mora free, and the movements less -painful and palsied. ' To be 0ontimtei. 