STRATHPINE BACKS. HJSIJ) OVEH— Late letters from district unavoidably lield over, owing to pressure on our space. In our business columns will be- found the program for a day's sport provided by the Pines Turf Club, to come off on Monday, MAY 25 (Queen's Birthday) at the Ktrathpine course near the Clyde Hotel. Seven events are pricked on the ca>d ana the money value of the priz.-s offered amounts to £34, exclusive of the Consolation Handicap. Such good value ought to induce large entries, with their natural sequences, a big crowd and good racing with exciting finishes. Entries for the various handicaps must be in the Hon. Su> retury's hands, (Mr. J. Bucli man, junr.,) the Clvde Hotel, not later than 9 p.m., on Tuesday, May 19. The handicaps will be declared on Friday, May 22. Ti e Sandgile Town Band will perform during the day, thus lending an extra attraction to the holiday, and they will also play at the ball in the evening, with which the day's fun will be suit ib'y woun 1 up. In accordance with a now time-honoured custom, the Caboolture foik intend to celebrate Queen's Birthday, CABOOLTOBE which this year will be SPOIITS kept on Monday, May 25, by holding their annual athletic sports on the old convin ing ground at the back of the Royal Hotel. It is a long program, as will be seen on reference ty our business co'uuins, and the prizes offei e.d are lib. r.il in the extreme, £24 aK told. Xei'.her will the children, on this th- ir " d ty out " be neglected, for we notice that saveral races have been set apart for their special behoof. The prizes ought to|bringtogetheraK the sprinters of the district, whilst the log-chopping event, a novelty, is bound to cause keon competition. Spec'ftl attention is tailed to the conditions which ; will be strictly enforced. Nominations (open to residents of Moreto.i only for the past six months) for the two big handicaps must be sent to the Hon. Secretary, Mr. Jas. Battersby, Caboolture, by 8 p.m. on Friday, May 15; whilst the han-'i caps will be declared on Tuesday. May 18, and will of course be published in the Move ton Mail of Friday, 22. Mr. J. 0. Bonney, of Nambour, writes lo deny that he was the nnthor of a letter from Yandina, whi h appeared To WHOM I R in our issue of April 17, MAY CONCERN . detailing some foolish, petty squabble b twewi two local cricket clhbs, and he asks our endorsement of his denial. Mr. Bonney did not write the letter in question, but when he in vites us to "put the saddle on the right horse," that is, to say who did wiite it, we reply " not to-day, butcher." At the same tiuie wc agree with him that the whole affair iB " utter tom-foolery, and altog- ther beneath the notice " of sentient men. Hut, you see, some people will think so hard. Notice is givpn in our advertising columns that the Annual Exhibition of the Queensland National Association THE ANNUAL will be held at Brisbane SHOW, from August 11th to 14th proximo. Early notice is thus given to enable intending exhibitors to prtUiAc thci • exhibits, and we hope the notice will b» liberally availed of, both individually and co.lectively, by the settlers of-Nundah and Moreton. It might not be Inopportune to ask whether the Moreton Association proposes to have a Show this jear If BO, it is time the Committee began to miake a move. [Since writing the above aft advertisement has come in, calling a meet, in»! of the members at the North Pine School of Arte, on Monday, May 4, at 2.H0 p.m.] Last Saturday's G««He proclaimed asi public rdtids lands resumed from Rose); 195 (W. McClin- GOYEI.NMNT toclt) ; 192 'AND 103Y (G. Business. Brinkley); and 139 (1. Dinar), Maroochy. Opehed fto general selection on Tuesday, June 2nd,- nor 60v, KenilwSfttf' CtfAed on ''Audrey mckertt, Junr., of-.Ktfcoy, to show cause at Ipswich why poif-M»r**Wft shotild not be; .-. forfeited. Notifi?dr t>jat, the Rev. J..*-, Gol&e;, Wesley an, at'Kambour,vvas qualified under the " Marriage Act." m SANDOATE POMCJS! —At the Sandgatp p Police Court last Sat urday, before Mr. Mur ray, P.M., the following police cases were dealt with :—Daniel ... ..ith disorderly conduet, was fined 20s. or three days in the celis. John Best, bus proprieior. pleaded guilty to using obscpnn language in Yundah street on the 17iu ultimo, and was fined 10s with 4s6d cost--, or 24 hours in the cells. Tnat miserable cr^aturi, George Horsfall, junr,, was also summonsed, charged, two offences, with again using obscene language. His wife appeared to explain that accuscd was in in Sydney when the summonses were served, so the hearing was adjourned to May 6. Do you drink Queensland Wines, the pure juice of the graps? Then try the brands soi l by .T. W. L. Hiillidav, Nundah. Last week there was a little par. asking Rhorncliffe bus drivers io let paying passengers iiave the box-seatB. SANDGATE This week we have received BOSSES. a letter from Frank Best denying the soft impeachment. Well, it is nothing to do with us, and our withers are unwrung. but we have a strong suspicion it is a family sqaabble, and to use a vulgar expression, that daddy " has been pulling our leg." In a cbver paper in the New Review, ex- South Sea Prime Minister Basil Thomson tells the curious story of THE BAT,OI.O. the balolo. The balolo is a worm—'iving vermicelli, as it were—with no head but a mouth, and no body but a transparent pipe, who lives his life deep in the fissures ot th t coral reefs, rising twice a year to the upp r waters only to die phoenix-like in the propagation of his kind. But—here is the curiosity—the balolo is a natural almanac: he has a £xe 1 day for his appearance, and he will ncft turn therefrom for all the hurricanes that ever raged south of the Line. In the mere observan e of seasons and fixed intervals there would be no greater miracle than our own bodies can show. The wonder lies in the facts that the balolo keeps both lunar and so'ar time, reconciling and adjusting them at regular intervals. The balolo swarms to the surface on two nights in the year ; the nights of the third quarter of the moon in October and in November; and has never departed from thb time during the forty-eight years it has been watched by Europeans. The moon directs its choice of the day, the sun its choice of the month ; and it follows that the creature cannot maintain regular intervals of either twelve or thirteen lunations without changing the calendar month of its re appsarance. For two years it rises after a lapse of twelve lunations; every thiid year at the thiiteenth. But, since even this ur angement will gradually sunder solar and lunar time, it further intercalates a lunation once in the twentyeight years. What are the immediate impulses, o( tide or of suaion, that move it to rise on its appointed day, and keep it back every three and every twenty-eight years, no theorist has yet essayed to show. Cox & Co's Port and Sherry at Is fid per quart bottle, may be. bought at J. W. L. lalliday's Store, Nund.th. The Canadian House of Commons has just given up the ghost, after completing two record sittings of 129 hours THE MANITOBAN and 80 honrs on the Mani- SCHOOI, TROUBLE tobsi Schools Bill, during which the Bible and the Bab Ballads were read at length, and the local Tozers wagged jawbones with unprecedented furv. The trouble (as Queens- landers may note) is the old trouble of sectarian education, from which "loyal'' Canada has hardly begun to free herself. Nowhere do Orange and Green rave more savagely than in Canada, the paradise of Protestant and Catholic bigots alike. In the eastern provinces denominational education stilt'flourishes • as a matter of course. Tue western province of Manitoba, six years ago, made an effort to establish unsectarian State schools,"topped of the It.C. endowment, was hauled before the Dominion Parliament aud the British Privy Council for "unconstitutional action," and has been fighting the question ever since. The present Bill, on which Canada is asked to give an opinion at a general election in June, is an effort to oompel Manitoba to reinstate the B.C. schools, hut exactly how the compulsion is to be applied is a problem. The Dominion Ministry is roas-ted between two fires, Wid all the old passions of Bartholomew's Day, and the Boyne water, and the ^..glorious and immortal memory." are let loose. Bfiligion and Bum are the two best stimulants humanity knows of, but wh«u Religion starts in earnest Bum is nowhere. , „ T . Childs' Sparkling'Mozelle and Hock sat 2 (id per bottle, and his Champagne eX 4 6d, .are largely sold by J. W.- L. Halhday Nundah. - • • > , . Ralph Mason killed at Bendigo by falling down a shaft 800 feet deep. R. B. Thomason, Surgeon and. Mechanical Dentist, 69 Queen street. Charges moderate. All Work guaranteed. IjSnicl ftrttnd ratjftflo ifi^ fined tit Snnd, AIS^kdgaTE MIN-CHEWER. elsewhere as hedrunkenness last lay,7v'hen-. released proSeeded to WijjulM the fclaee a lurid teaT'keeping up the same old drunk. So on irfdhday he was re^rBested for righteous "' conduct outsideJajBBjpsborne Hot el,'and on Tut&Uy;, being.WOTpv before Messrg* Sdtitberdea;tihil3g. feSBH^es, J J. P. was agaihjjfe&d; 20B. Bfejft&i;^ERQP^ cells. A more serioieffi-^han^e 'was tbeh laid against him, that of j&taattihg; Serjeant Primrose in the execnti^if^lpiifluty. The Sergeant arrested the briOT.^rorbeing drunk, and whilst taking him toc^helock-up, th« prisoner bolted, but was recapttifeid. Then he turned nasty, mflde a second 1k>U, and succeeded in planting himself under a house on the Upper Esplanade, whence it took four persons to dislodge him, Curing the scrimmage, when Dan fought like ft native cat, he got hold of the Sergeant's hand and bit a piece out of it : inflicting a very nasty wound, the more dangerous considering the poisonous condition ot the man-chewer at the time. For this offence the Bench fined him £5 or three months' in gaol, and as this loup garoux bad not the money, Sandgate will be relieved of his presence for one while." The best WineB in Queensland are those from the celebrated vineyards of D. J. Childs and Cox & Co.; always on sale at J. W. L. Halliday's Store, Nundah. The attention of ladies interested in raising the " age at which a mere ignorant child is permitted by law to con- THE AOE OF sent to her own infamy," CONSENT, is directed to the proceedings at Warragul (Vic.) police court on April 14, when a "mere gnorant child " only 11 j years old prosecuted her adopted lather on a charge of criminal assault set forth with the greatest circumstantiality. The monster guilty of this outrage was not, however, punished, for the simple reason that there wasn't any monster, and there wasn't any outrage, and the " mere ign rant child " of 11J went into the witness box and wwore with the greatest coolnefes that she had fabricated the entire story because 'her adopted father was cross With her and she " thought she would like to go away for C chfcnge." The natural yearning for a " change " of the hysterical young feinalfe in a tnonotonous locality, and the mtthner in which she sefcures it—as at Gunnedah, Warragul, and a dozen other places recently—at ttife expense of the most convenient malte, is suggested as a nice subject for the ag^-of-consent essayists to spread them selves over. The Warragul innocent, by the way, goes scot-free, as usual. There doesn't seem much else to do with a voung lady whose natural oussednesB breaks out so early; still the advocates for "equal laws for women " may note that she does go free. The Flavour of Cox & Co's. Claret, Sauteme and Frontignac, as supplied by J. W. L. Halliday, Nundah, cannot be surpassed. Constable Gordon, of Bendigo, probably regrets the hour when he got married. The other day a farmer named THIS BITBB Northby wrote to Mrs. Brr. Gordon imploring her to elope with him, and Gordon—reckoning this a chance to make a capture and achieve promotion in the foorce —sent back a telegram in his wife's name, asking giddy Northby to call at the house after dark. When Northby, full of sinful hope, came up to scratch, the ingenious husband beat him brutally and dragged him into custody for having unlawfully been on his (Gordon's) premises. It was a very striking instance of a policeman's belief in bis special license to do as he damn well pleaseB when he feels aggrieved. However, the case against farmer Northby, who endured one broken nose and innumerable bru'ees, was dismissed. The constable is the underneath dawg just now. He will take his trial for assault and robbery, the allegation being that he " shook" from the jjocket of his wife's damaged admirer a sum of £78, which the amorous fellow had brought along for elopement purposes. The case is unique. Supposing that a husband does so take money, is it a vulgar theft or a virtuous transaction in defence of his Wife's " honor"? A mart who has been cleaned out can't conveniently elope with "a woman, anyway. Also she, for her part, loBes all desire to roam if her lawful husband lays hold upon the other fellow's capital. Money is a powerful persuader. It can either make the mare to go astray, or tempt her to remain in the stable. „ The final valuation of the Moreton Sugar Company's lands was completed at Nambour by the Government valuator MORETON over a week ago. Themilli SUGAR LANDS, which is under construc- ' tion, will have a capacity of between 1,500 and 2,000 tons, and all the necessary machinery is now in the bay. The cane all round'' the district is, according to Mr. M'Culfoch, first-class. There are about 800 acres for the first crushing, which will take place in 1897. . Remnants! Remnants!! Remnants!!! in great -variety at Carlyle's Last Saturday, the Ynnrlina C'.C. paid a .. visit to Kenilworth to try conclusions with ;. : the I oeal club there. LOCAI. CiiiCKEr. match had excited cousiderable interest, the visi- "Zoning they were " dead birds;*f?jjHowever, it turned out t' other way about. ftft'^enilworth"^wa8ij^£t Jlie first innings scoring jg-^iS^g^^SlirdQn, 23, imHudif w _ boundary hitifj?S^f\pRogers' ) 10L Yandina made but a very pftor show ftgafeej. the bowling of A. an^J. JfrfcGinn, former latter fdr Low coritrjrb order of the Kenilworth pW decent 53, A. PurdOri? runs; the :ets*"l!pr.^. and the wholagoore, J. A. [i58& eggs' being the "sareifl innings, —e, _ making the' ir 7Vick«s (A. McGinn ,fi.-'Peering, 14, E. ^^jywMlllSnow.claims to be Pickering, 13 the champion district club for (his season, as their recni&Stip; b$£n one of unbroken success throughout? - fi. m Try Childs' ''Espar," 6d per quarts bottle, or 6s per gallon. Obtainable at J. T * re L.^alliday's Store,^undah." > 