T HACKER ATS ONE-NIGHT " GHOST." Many readers of 'The Virginians', have wondered how Thackeray was able to write bo graphic and correct an account of hia hero's escape from Fort Duquesne and his journey through the wilderness, as Thacke ray had never seen the magnificent valley through which his gallant here fled after his daring escape. As a matter of fact, Thacke ray did iiot write it at all. He was at a dinner in London with An thony Trollope, Wilkie Collins, aud other celebrities. The guests were sitting dows to their wine and cigars, when Thackeray, who was enter taining the company with his wit and satire, suddenly Btopped, and, looking at his watch, exclaimed— ' Gentlemen, I must leave you, I have promised the printer a chapter of ' The Virginians' to-morrow morning, and I haven't written a lino of it yet. I hate to go, but I must; the printer is inexorable ; so, wishing you all another meeting when I can bo longer with you, I bid you a good evening.' There wis present a minor author named Kennedy, and Thackeray had almost reached the door when he called him back and said— 'Perhaps I can write the chapter for you. What are you going to describe V The great novelist seemed a little as tonished at this bold proposition, but he was too polite to ssy what he thought. ' Kennedy, you are extremely kind, aud gladly would I let you write the chapter for me, for I hate to leave a jolly part in the midst of fun.' ' Then don't,' all the company cried. 'Stay with ua, and let Mr. Kennedy write it.' ' I have half a mind to let you do it, just far the fun of the thing. It is a chapter, chiefly of description, giving an account of my hero's escape from Fort Duquesne.' ' If that's what you are writing about I can do it, for I know every foot of the ground.' 'All right, then,' said Thaukeray, resum ing his seat at the board. 'Let me have it early to-morrow morning.' Sir. Kennedy withdrew, and, going to his home, wrote the fourth chapter of the second volume of ' The Virginians :' and thus it happened that the narrative of the hero's flight was so accurate as to the topography of thecountry through which he passed. The Family Prodigal.—The tragedy of prodigalism (=ay3 Ian Maclaren) is often very perplexing and contradictory. One can easily find some home within his knowledge where a son received no training in religion, saw no example of piety, was broucrht un under no restraint. Yet, without a single aid to high living, he grows up dutiful, thoughtful, reverent—a lad any father would lit weii luO-kiliiidi *-.0:1. jjy the laws of heredity and environment he ought to be a prodigal, but he is not; neither is he a Pharisee. He would be a very creditable product for a religious home. One can also lay his hand on some other home where a son has been burn in the line of faith ; has been reared in an atmosphere of cjodlinpcs ; has been led into the paths of righteousness by a mother's influence, a f.v.hor's aufh«»u:y. Yet, with everything in his favor, he bretibs loose, and -sins grievou>!y before man and God. He was expected to sustain the tradi tions of his house ; and he might have been the sou of a profligate. It is nonsense to say th.it the children of religioua people, as a ruio, turn out bad, and the eiuidteii of irre liiri'ous people good ; but Providence, in many cast"?, does seem to play at cross purposes Trith lfiWB. 