.. By JJSAIT MIDDLEMASS,;. , Author of " Two False Moves," "A Girl in' a. Thousand," "The Mystery of Clement Dun raven," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved] , Chapter XXI.—(Continued.) Her rapid thoughts had reached this query when Greg and Ursula simultaneously ex claimed— "Wheels 1" .. .... Another moment and the vehicle stopped, but listen though they did no further sound was heard. It was Rachel who said, with a laugh— " How silly we are. It must be an eeho, probably occasioned by the wind. Living-in the country makes us actually believe in bogeys. In London wheels might roll for ever and we should never pay the slightest attention. Ah ! " The outer door opened and then went to with something like a slam. ■ All the color for sook Rachel's face. Greg jumped up with the intention of going to see what had happened when Stephen Bolderson walked into the room —or was it his ghost, for he looked so wan and weary and jaded that it were scarcely possible to believe that he was a real living man. . He had evidently expected to find no one in the room but his wife and daughter, and an appalled, half-scared look came, over his face when he recognised their guests. Of Greg Paton he knew very little, having only met him once or twice. It was probably on account of his relationship with, the Walhses that his presence was distasteful to Mr. Bolderson; while, as far as Lucille ■ Lafarge was concerned, he absolutely pushed her away from him when she came forward with some empressement to greet him. It was evident either that he was ill or that something had happened which troubled him not a little. Rachel, with wonderful tact and self-control, pretended not to notice what nevertheless was alfecting her most keenly. "You have had no dinner, Stephen. . Mar garet, tell Mrs. Cubitt to send up something nice and hot for your master. Wewill go into the drawing-room while you eat it. L)o you ' mind coming, Mr. Paton; I think my husband is tired?' ' ■ ' ' . . • And so saying she marshalled the little party into the adjoining. room. Greg_ sug gested that perhaps it were better for him to • say good-night, but she would not hear of it. "He must stay, at all events, until she had seen Mr. Bolderson have his dinner. He had never heard Ursula play and she was quite a proficient." •' Little did she know how well Greg remem bered Ursula's playing and how much rather he would be ten miles away than left alone in a room with Ursula and Lucille Lafarge. But he could not argue the point with her, for she was gone ana it would be rude to leave without saying good-night to his hostess, so lie was perforce compelled to make himself as . agreeable as circumstances would permit. Nor was the ordeal as severe as might have been expected. Now that they were no longer under Rachel's eye Ursula made herself most pleasant and charming to Greg, even ventur ing while he stood by her at the piano to enquire whether he had lately had any news from Alan. But Greg had nothing to tell her save that he believed that his cousin had gone to America on some business connected with the bank; which piece of information had the efiect of making Ursula play several wrong chords, thus jarring in more ways than one on.Greg's nervous organisation, but she succeeded speedily in righting her feelings and ' the music; and no more was said about Alah, from whom Ursula liad been wondering why she had not received a single line. For Ursula's bringing up had been in such a school that it never occurred to her that either her father's 01 Mr. Wallis's objection to their union was any reason why they should give up all idea of it. "If they could not meet and correspond openly then they must do so surreptitiously, ' This was only fair in a thwarted love affair; such was Lucille Lafarge's^eaching. Not that she had given forth any of her views to Greg ; she accepted his tacit declara tion that he could not speak French and taking a book from the table she sat down at some distance from the piano and appeared to be reading. , Tbat she was not doing so was evident from no page being turned over during at least a quarter of an hour, while she remained absolutely passive. Mademoiselle Lucille was pondering over the situation. - She was con siderably aggrieved by Scephen Boldersotfs manner, and began to think that between his coldness and her unexpected meeting with Greg Paton it had been oetter perhaps if she had stayed in Paris. Not that she had on j that account any idea of forthwith returning, there. She was far too persistent and malicious to beat a retreat if aught of evil could be worked against those who were inclined to thwart and annoy her. After a talk with Stephen Bolderson, which she promised herself she would have in the morning, she would know better how matters stood and why storm seemed to prevail in a quarter where she was accustomed to find calm. . ' . . . . For some time this state of affairs continued, Ursula playing and talking to Greg by turns, as though she were seeking by an effort! to - keep him amused, which in truth she was, for 1 she was as anxious as Rachel could possibly be to know what had happened to make her father look so strange, while this, the latest news of Alan that Greg had given her, had by no means added to the quietude of her mind. Presently Rachel returned,'not bright and cheerful and full of gay talk as she had been while chatting'with Greg during dinner. Even she, woman of the world though she was, could not wholly succeed in suppressing her emotions and concealinc that there was something in the return of her husband which gave her no little cause for worry. ~ * She did. not, however, in any way allude either to the arrival of Stephen Bolderson or to the news that he had brought. _ She simply performed her' duties as hostess by saying a few pleasant words about nothing in particular to L/ucille, who looked up from her book with a' start when she saw Mrs. Bolderson standing beside her, as though she had been so much engrossed. by its pages that she had taken no heed of what was going On around. Nor had she been doing so, but the book had but little to do with her mental distraction, ' though its contents would probably have been far • more edifying than her own bad dreams. Rachel Bolderson was, however, too much absorbed by her own feelings to take notice that there, was anything especially strange about Mademoiselle'Lucifle. Having said the few civil words that she considered were due - to her she went up to the piano with the in tention of being equally polite to Greg. _ But he, though rendered somewhat ill at ease by the storm in the air by which he, too, could not fail to be influenced, nevertheless was sufficiently master of his perceptions to see at once such a change on Rachel's sweet face as no mere passing unpleasantness could have produced. . He gave a slight, unconscious start and half opened his mouth to utter an exclamation, but Rachel stopped him with a remark about Ursula's playing which he at once understood to mean that he was to take no notice, and with much cleverness he gave quite a. little lecture on Miss Bolderson's brilliant perfor mance and execution generally, to which, how ever, no one paid the heed it merited. For Greg was well versed on the subject of music, though perhaps on that particular occasion he was talking somewhat like a parrot with his lips rather than his intelligence, for he _ was almost as much preoccupied as were the ladies preoccupied by the wish to get away—to get away gracefully, though the evening was still young,-without letting anyone know that, he felt they would be glad to'get rid of him. • Having finished his little musical-disserta tion and [thoroughly forgiving his. audience if it fell rather flat he glanced at the clockun. the mantelpiece as a preliminary to suggesting a start. . -: . . . "Please do not go. yet, Mr. Greg," said Rachel, calling him by his petit nom,_ to. which she was more used from hearing it so fre quently spoken by Sicele, "my husband-would like to see you before you go." ' This was exactly what Greg wished to avoid, since he conjectured, that the master of the house arriving tired after a "long journey did not want to be intruded on by guests. How ever, if Mr. Bolderson wished to see him he must perforce remain, so he. resigned himself to the situation with a bow and once more' began to try and make himself entertaining, feeling all the time very like one of the courtiers who surrounded Louis XV. and who sought, vainly " d' amuser un roi qui n'est: point amusaMe." Mademoiselle Lucille once more became absorbed in the unturned pages Of-her book, but she was listening more attentively to what was passing than she had done before Rachel came into the room, and she had no difficulty in deciding that a climax of some sort was imminent. What in social life is more insupportable-• than a mauvais quart (Vheure when platitudes are clung to as the-only subterfuge by which real honest feeling may be concealed.- Tension was at its height when the door opened and Stephen Bolderson' came in,' "taking Rachel. somewhat by surprise, as she. thought he in tended to send for Greg into his study. His dinner, if dinner he had eaten, and the arranging of his toilette had scarcely improved his appearance, for he looked even more jaded and out of sorts, if it were possible, than he had done on his arrival. , Without noting the others he went straight: up to Greg. - "I suppose you have not-heard the bad news," he said, "or you'would'scartely bo so, happy and cheerful. : ; ' "Which was nevertheless scarcely what Greg' felt though ho had no graver cause than , . annoyance at meeting Rucille Lafarge to make him "sad. - Mr. . Boldferson .did- not, however, . Wait for aquerybut went, on— " ".Your/uncle,'Julian Wallis, is dead;"; Greg uUeir^ am exclamation'1 or dismay,.for he .was very fond of- the'uncle who hadbeeuso good to him.' ..-v.'"' ' _ . . -'.'Dead 1- Good God? -How? When did he die?" '' .• • . .. "Ete.WM fqund .dead in his study. There were suspicious circumstances in connection with it and the police are making enquiries." _ But before Greg could ask any further ques tions a cry from Ursula startled them, and she would have fallen: fainting if Greg had not caught her. " " Rachel, to whom the news had previously been .imparted; looked impressive and stony, while the grey ashen hue that had overspread Lucille'Lafarge's features showed that there was something of" terror in the conflicting emotions-from which she was suffering. It seemed to all "those assembled there that whatever had occasioned it Julian Wallis's death would bring sorrow and suffering in its suite. (Tote continued.) 