SPORTING. ] The Mount Gambler horse Stockings ran a good race in the Steeplechase at Morphettville on Saturday. He was in front nearly all the way and jumped faultlessly for a novioo, but he failed to quite fltay out the journey. When he ] j becomes a little more seasoned he will win a good race for his owner, Mr. Allan Morris-that is, if the handicappers will give him a show, which at present seems doubtful, judging by the way he has bean tseated at Kapuuda. In the Steeple chase there he is plaoed within 41bs. of Strike and on the same mark as Eclipse, while he has to give a lot of poundage to acknowledged good animals in The Ghost, Young Lucifer, Dorio, &o.; Eaoing men oa the other side of the desert are said to hold South-Eagtem jumpers in great reapect. The owner of Stoohioga ia evi dently made to suffer for this sentiment* A bid of 270gs. for Z our off failed to induce his owner to part with him, EidtUer, who won the Hutdleraoe at Morphatville the other day with 10at. 71b. on his baob, has bsen allotted 9at. 121b. in a similar raoo in Sydney. The adjourned inquiry into the oom plaint by J. An win, the rider of Thun derer, against T. Dunn for foul riding in the Plympton Handicap, at the S.A. J.C. meeting, on Saturday, was oontinued on Monday. Additional witnesses were I called, including F. Burn, the rider of I Trentalta, who admitted that he struok bis own horse, causing him to collide on to Mompa, who iu tarn came into Thunderer. The stewards aooordingly suspended Burn for twelve months. The running of Vibing in the Spring andPlympton Handicaps at Morphett villa on Saturday was further considered by the stewards. They expressed the opinion that the running o! the horse was inconsistent, but there was no evidenoe to prove malpractice by anyone. During the period between 1st Febru ary and 31st July 710 raoe meetings were held in Australia and 3,899 events deoided, of whioh 3,631 were prizes for the total value of £122,029, the stakes in the other races not being stated. Ad ding the figures to those published in the first volume, is is found during the raoing season 1895-6 1,185 meetings were held, 6,511 races run, and £229,770 dis tributed in prizes. During the last raoing season 5,116 horses have ran in Australia at the various raoe meetings. The American bicyoliat Martin succeeded in breaking the five-mile bicycle record for Australia at Brisbane on Wednesday. The weather was splendid, but the traok was not in the best order. Martin was paced by two triplets and a tandem, and bis times wereFirst mile, lmin. 59aeo.; oeooud, 4min. 3 2-5980.; third, 6tnin. 10 seo.: fourth. 8min. 16 3 5sec.: fifth. 10 min, 2d8eo. Martin used Bookman's patent gear. To show the enormous number of bicycles that must be in use, it is stated that the firm of Morgan and Wright, of AmerioQ, had an output of two million 8airs of tyres last year. The Dunlop ompany turned out a million. Besides these factories there are numerous others, but oa a smaller soale. 