SH»fEr WOOL SALES. AUGUST astfc, ItfW I Aiie zyaney wool SeHing Brokers' Association report that wool -sales were resumed at the Wool Exchange, Macqnaxie Place, on Wednesday, after an interval of four weeks. Tiie cata logues presented were chiefly mm posed of scoured wool, though one very Iai»e"5eoos3gnnient of <3je weH-known AC&F; Co. over Aberdeen wool in the rgrease was included. A few lots of new -dip. none of which, however. ! « ere choice samples were also brought | forward. Notwithstanding the some what disappolnang- character of the i selection, and the small ness of the cata rogues the Bttendanw of buyers was large, and competition was lively ! throughout. Values were practically I unchanged, the luilk of the offerings readily finding buyers at a level of values fullv cnnil tiuun *>r i..i I month's auction sales. In the case of scoured the prices obtained for isola ted lots were slightly in sellers favor. Darin? the moatli a spirited private demand lias prevailed, and a number of considerable parcels bare changed hands at satisfactory rates. For greasy first combing and for' half-bred of the mark AC & F Co. orer Al>erdeen, 7%d was secured, another line of first combing 7%d and 6%d bc inp secured for second combing. Of 2nd crossbred. 10 bales brought 7d., of OMD over Btllagoe, from Cobar, 5 bales brought Td ; in the scoured eec-! tfon 1? telfs of a baSkj1 dry w from Queensland marked Altkenvale over CRL, not very bright . in color. Bold at Vjt&i.; for sop. combing, first pieces making lOiid: PEP over AC. from Cunnamnlla sold to 13d, for cross bred. Of FF over WetcBa, 4 bales A combing. a short stapled wool of medi um qualify, brought U%d. Among the more noteworthy parcelte which changed hands mar toe mentioned tie follovrtns Greasy.-AO & F Co. over Aberdeen, 22 1st combing at 7%J; 17' let combing at Td., 19 1st combing at 6%d : 7 1st combing at 7%d" 13 1st combing at 6%d. 28 2nd combing at 6%d^ 13 2nd combing at 6f&d.;, 21 c. combing at 3d.. IS c. combine et 4%d" 7 IsttiaJfbrefl at 16 1st craesbreCI at 7%4, 10 2nd croesbrefl af 7d ; M MC 1 over Lower BDflda, from Bborbe, 16 W E at 5$&d.; B M from Queensland. 16«tr49}d. Scoured.-Aitkenvale over G R L, from Queensland, 17 sup. com, at l«%d, U sop. do. at U%d., 6 1st pes at 10%d.; iC&F; Co., over Aberdeen, 30 c. cam. at 9yd., 7 pes at 7%d., 7 pes at fid, 6 pes at S&L.; 4 pes at Cd.; BBLX., from Ifenanfleia, 6 cfHsgbred at 8J4d.; PBP over AG.,-from Cnnnamulla. 3 cross bred H at 13d.; CH (local) GOO at 9%d.; XX over X from New Zealand,' 4 cross bred pipe at 10% at ll%a.: GSE over Milrea, from Tam ?wortb, 5 locks at 5%d.; Tarcoon over PR conj., bom Bjrock, 400 at 8d.; TO over U., 4 1st pes at lG&d.;, IT over., Walcha 4 a com, at 11½d. Ftonr paintings fef Corot, represent ing M Morning," " Noon," " Evening," and " Night," the property of the late Jjord Iadghton, were sold at Christie's Tor 6000 guineas. bard RoeelberjV friends state that Us henlUh js good.and that lie is not raffeting from insomnia. They de dare that there is^no reason -wty jhe dtotrid resign the leadership or the, liberal party. The Odessa, correspondent of the r-Daily News,*.' reports that the num ber Moeeow, including children, and those who subsequently succumbed to their Injuries, is non- unofficially estimated aft 4,500. whilst the Injured arc calcu lated at considerably over 5,000. There is an old lady in residing in; Monmouth, England, who is the; (pother of seven stalwart sons -wear-: iflg ttfa Queen's uniform. Recently they were all at liome on furlough, and the Colonel and officers of the 32nd Regimental district, entertained them at tiieir quarters. TJie Colonel took a portrait of the pld lady to fiend Her Majesty, and the Queen, in return sent an autograph letter, together with lier own picture qnd a. sum of £10. In addition to the seven sons, Mrs. Kevetb (the proud mother's name), has two daughters married Advices from Havana contain a carious aoount of a recent incident ot the insurrection. The insurgent Gen eral PaWo Olivers, reached the suburbs of a little town held by the Spaniards, and found there a, telephone office in direct communication witli an outl.vi Jus: fort garrisoned by Spanish .troops. The rebel chief raufr up lie Spanish £ommaxidajif. Told him Tho. iusiirp bad_ invested the place, and demanded his immediate surrender. -1 will call you up in half an hour for your au «wer. he added. I13 baif an "hour the telephone fbeil rang, and wlion Pablo Ollvieia. answered the call it was to receive the unconditional surrender of the fort, with -its garrison and all the provisions and munitions of war it con i tained. Alls. Elizabeth. Grannis, a New York lady of great wealth, and Presi dent of tlie Ladies L/eagne for the Sup pression of Vice,"' was entertaining tbe members of -the league at her bouse when tbe premises were invaded by a drunten tramp, who walked into the basement, and proceeded to take off various articles of bis clothing. When nearly all bis apparel had been cast aside the intruder calmly walked up stairs and appeared, an uaivited gnest, in the midst of tbe gathering. The ghost of Baaqao coo Id not Jiavo star tled them more. The fifty ladies en gaged in Revising ways and means of reforming the wickedness of a degen erate age set up a succession of shrieks that drowned the whistling of the locomotives on the i "Elevated." The tramp saying that he was very tired and only needed sleep, calmly stretched iiimself upon the carpet and prepared for rest. A policeman was promptly upon the scene, and the in truder wag haled off to prison. A remarkable experiment is now being made for the purpose of bringing relief to William fieanlan. a famous .American comedian, who is now in on Insane asylum. A number of doctors who examined ficanlan -decided that bis brain was gradually decaying, with ti>e - result thai death would probably take, place shortly, .his case being io til is respect unlike tlie usual course of paresis and Idiocy. Professor Cnrtie, of the New York College of "Physicians, bas been matins a number of experi ments upon ibe brains- of dogs. In one case, in which lie removed. *lie brain of a dog the animal lived a! month; another, which was similarly experimented, npoa lived throe months, while another is still livn?, notwiili «tajnding Uiat Us brain was removed: 15 month -ago. It appears , so "far as it® ordinary bodily health is concerned, but it is quite devoid of intelligence. It has lost the senses -of .m«U and hearing, bur appears. to re tain lliat of taste: It ie, too> perfectly able to maintain its balance, aud when .lying down can recover it«> feet if it wishes to arise. Its temper remains I and it resents teasing. If the experi ments are successful a trial will it is proposed, eventually 'l>e made to re move Scanian's brain in the belief that he will thus be assured years of life, although without intellect of any kind. 