WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER; A TALE OF MERRIE ENGLAND. . By MISS.BRADDON, Author of ' Ishmael,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Lady Audlcy's Secret,' 'Wyllard's Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement kith the author. . All rights reserved. Chapter XVI.— Which was the FrEKCKB FlllK? It was Saturday, the first of September, and the hot dry weather having continued with but trifling changes throughout the month the atmosphere was at its sultriest and the burnt grass ni the parks looked as if even the dews, of morning and evening had ceased to moisten itj ' while the arid and dusty foliage gave no feelfng, of coolness, and the very shadows cast upon that parched ground seemed hot. Morning was sultry as noon, evening brpught but little refreshment, while the night was hotter than the day. People complained that the seasou was even more sickly than in the plague year, and prophesied a new . and worse outbreak of the pestilence. Was not this the fatal year about which there had been darkest pro phecies? 1G6G! Something awful, something tragical was to make this triplicate of sixes for ever memorable. Sixty-five had been terrible, Bixty-six was to bring ' a greater horror; doubtless a recrudescence of that dire, malady which had desolated London. 'And this time,' says one modish raven, ''twill be the quality that will suffer. The lower ' classis' has paid its penalty and only . the strong and hardy are left. We have plenty , of weaklings and corrupt constitutions thafl will take fire at a spark. I should not wonder wer& the contagion to rage worst at White hall. The buildings lie low, and there js ever a nucleus of fever somewhere -.n that con* . glomeration of slaughter-houses, bakenes, dtchens, stables, cider-housea, coalyards, and overcrowded servants' lodgings. 'One gets but casual whiffs from their private tmteberies and bakeries,' says another. '? What I complain of is the atmosphere of hia mftjeaty'e apartments, where one can scarce breathe for the odor of those cursed spaniels he bo delights in.' . Every one agreed that the long dry summer menaced some catastrophic change which should surprise this easy-going age as the plague had done last year. But oh, hovtf ightly that widespread calamity had touched those light minds; and if Providence had designed to warn or to punish, how vain had teen the warning and how soon forgotten the penalty -that bad left the worst offenders unstricken. . „.:',„'.,'. ' There was to be a play at Whitehall that evening, his majesty and the Court having returned from Tuubridge Wells, the business of the navy calling Charles to council with his faithful general— the general par excellence, George Monk, Duke of Albemarle, and his lord high admiral and brother— par excellence the duke. Even in briefest residence and on sternest business intent, with the welfare and honor of the iiatiou contingent on their con sultations, to build or not to build warships of the first magnitude, the ball of pleasure must be kept rolling. So Killigrew was to produce a new version of an old comedy written in the forties, but now polished up to the modern style of wit. This new-old play, *' The Parson s Widow,' was said' to be all froth and Bparkle and current interest, fresh as the last London Gazelle and full of allusions to the late sickness, an admirable subject and allowing a wide field for the ridiculous. Hyacinth was to be present at this Court function, but not a word was to be said to Angela about the entertainment. . ? . . ' She would only preach me a sermon upon JTareham's tastes and wishes and urge me to stay away because he abhors a fashionable comedy,' she told De Malforfc. ' I shall sav I am going to Lady Sarah's to play basset. Ange nates cards and will not desire to po with me. She is always happy with the children, who adore her. ' Faute de micux.' 'You are so ready to jeer ! Yes, I know I a neglectful mother. But what would you have ?' ' ' I would have you as you are,' he answered,, 'and only as you are ; or for choice a trifle worse than you are and so much nearer my own level.' ' Oh-I know you ! It is the wicked women you admire — like Madame Palmer.' 'Always harping upon Barbara. My mother had a maid called Barbara. His Majesty has — a lady of the same melodious name. Well, I have a world of engagements between now and 9 o'clock, when the play begins. I shall bo at the door to lift you out of your chair. Cover yourself with your richest jewels — or at least those you love best. All the town will be there to admire you.' 'All the town! Why there is no one in London.' 'Indeed, you mistake. Travelling is so easy nowadays. People tear to and fro between Tunbridge and St. James's as often as they once circulated betwixt London and Chelsea. Were it not for the higwaymeu we should be always on the road.' Angela and her niece were on the terrace in the evening coolness. The atmosphere was less oppressive here by the flowing tide than anywhere else in London ; but even here there 1 was a heaviness in the night air, and Henriette sprawled her long thin legs wearily on the cushioned bench where she lay and vowed that it would be sheer folly for Priscilla to insist upon her going to bed at her usual hour of 9, when everybody knew she could not sleep. ' I scarce closed my eyes last night,' she protested, 'and I had half a mind to put on a petticoat and come down to the terrace. I could have come through the yellow drawing room where the men usually forget to close the shutters. And I should have brought my theorbo perhaps and serenaded you. Shjuld you have taken me for a fairy, cherc, if you had heard me singing ?' 'I should have taken you fora very silly little person who wanted to frighten her friends by catching an inflammation of the lunors.' 'Well, you see, I thought better of it, though it would have been impossible to catch cold on such a stifling night. I heard every clock strike in Westminster and London. It was light at 5, yet the night seemed endless. I would have welcomed even a mouse behind the wainscot. Priscilla is an odious tyrant,' making a face at the easy-tempered governess sitting by ; ' she won't let me have my dogs in my room at night.' '' Your ladyship knows that dogs in a bed chamber are unwholesome,' said Priscilla. 'No, you foolish old thjng; my ladyship knows the contrary, for his m:ijest3''s bed chamber swarms with them and he has them on his bed even — whole families — mothers and their puppies. Why can't I have a few dear little mischievous innocents to amuse me in the long dreary nights ?' By dint of clamor and expostulation the honorable Henriette contrived to stay up till 10 o'clock was belled with solemn tone from St. Paul's Cathedral, which magnificent church was speedily to be put in hand for .restoration at a great expenditure. The wooden scaffolding which had been necessary for a careful examination of the building was still up. Until the striking of tlie great city clock Papillon had resolutely disputed the lateness of the hour, putting forward her own timekeeper as infallible— a little, fat, round, purple enamel watch with diamond figures and gold hands much bent. from being twisted backwards and forwards, to bring recorded time into unison with the young lady s desires — a watch to which no sensible person could give the slightest credit.- Thexlocks of London having demonstrated the futility of any reference to that ill-used Geneva toy she con sented to retire, but was reluctant tothe last. 'I am going to bed,' she told her aunt, 'because this absurd old Prissy insists upon it, but I don't expect a quarter of an hour's sleep between now and morninp ; and most of the time I shall be looking out of the window watching for the turn of the tide, to see the barges and boats swinging round.' 'You will do nothing of the kind, Mrs. Henriette ; for1 1 shall sit in your room till you are sound asleep,' said Priscilla. 'Then you will have to sit there all night ; and I shall have somebody to talk to.' ?' I shall not allow you to talk.1' ' Will you gag me or put a pillow over my face like the blackamoor in the play ?' The minx and her governess retired, still disputing, after Angela had been desperately hugged by Henriette, who brimmed over with warmest affection in the midst of her insolence. They were gone, their voices sounding in the Btillness on the terrace, and then on the stair case, and through the great empty rooms, . where the windows were open to the sultry night, while the host of idle servants caroused in the basement, in a spacious room with a vaulted roof like a college hall, where they were free to be as noisy or as drunken as they E leased. My lady was out, had taken only er chair and running footmen, and had sent chairmen and footmen back from Whitehall, with an intimation that they would be wanted Ho more that night. Angela lingered on the terrace in the eultry Bummer gloom, watching solitary boats movin to and fro, shadowy as Charon's. . She dreaded the stillness of silent rooms and to be' alone, with her own thoughts, yhich itfere no£ of;;the; happiest. Her sister's . relations iwith* : De. Malforfc troubled her, innocent as they Ydbuut-; less were ; innocent as that close friendship of Henrietta of England with her cousin of France, when they two spent the fair mid summer nights roaming in palace gardens—* close as lovers, but only fast friends. Maliciouu tongues had babbled even of that innocent friendship; and there were those who said that if Monsieur behaved like a brute to his lovely young wife it was because he had good reason for jealousy of Louis in the past as well as of De Guiche in the present. These inno cent friendships are ever the cause of uneasi ness to the lookers-on. It is like seeing children at play on the edge of a cliff — they are too near danger and destruction. Hyacinth, being about as able to carry a secret as to carry an elephant, had betrayed by a hundred indications that a plot of some krad was being hatched between her and De Malfort. And to-night, before. going out, she had made too much fuss about so simple a matter as a basset party at Lady Sarah's, who had her basset-table- every night and was popularly supposed to keep house upon her winnings and to have no higher code of honor than De Grammont had when he invited a brother officer to supper on purpose to rook him. Mr. Killigrew's comedy had been discussed in Angela's hearing. People who had been deprived of the theatre for over a year were greedy and eager spectators of all the plays produced at court ; but this production was an exceptional event. Killigrew's wit and im jjudence and impecuniosity were the talk of the town and anything' written by that audacious jester was sure to be worth hearing. Had her sister gone to Whitehall to see the new comedy in direct disobedience to her husband, instead of to so accustomed an enter tainment as Lady Sarah's basset-table? And was that the only mystery between Hyacinth and De Malfort? Or was there something else — some ghost-party, such as they had planned and talked about openly till a fortnight ago and had suddenly- dropped t altogether, as if the notion were alxtndoned and for gotten? It was so unlike Hyacinth to be secret about anything ; and her sister feared, therefore, that there was some plot of De Mai fort's contriving — De Malfort, whom she regarded with distrust and even repugnance, for she could recall no sentiment of his that did not make for evil. Beneath that gossamer veil of airy language which he flung over visions and theories the conscienceless, unre lenting character of the man had been dis covered by those clear eyes of the meditative onlooker. Alas, what a man to be her sister's closest friend, claiming privileges by long asso ciation which Hyacinth wouldhave been the last to grant her dissolute admirers of yester day, but which were only the more perilous for those memories of childhood that justified a so dangeroiis friendship. She was startled from these painful reflec tions by the clatter of horses' hoofs upon the paved courtyard east of the house and the jingle of sword-belts and bits, sounds instantly followed by the ringing of the bell at the principal door. Was it her sister coming home so early? No ; Lady Fareham had gone out in her chair. Was it his lordship returning unannounced? He had stated no time for his return, telliug bis wife only that on his business in Paris being finished he would come back without delay. Indeed, Hyacinth had debated the chancesuf his arrival this very evening with half a dozen of her fparticular friends, who knew that she was going to see Mr. Killigrew's play. 'Fate cannot be so perverse as to bring him back on the only night when his return would be troublesome,' she said. 'Fate is always perverse and a husband is very lucky if there is but one day out of seven on which his return would be troublesome,' answered one of her gossips. Fate had been perverse, for A ngela heard her brother-in-law's deep strong voice talking in the hall and presently he came down the marble steps in the terrace and came towards her, white with Kentish dust and carrying an open letter in his hand. She had risen at the sound of the bell and was hurrying to the house as ho met- her. He camo close up to her, scarcely according her the civility of greeting. Never had she seen his countenance more gloomy. 'You can tell me truer than those drunken devils below stairs,' ho said. ' Whereis your sister V 'At Lady Sarah Tewkesbury's.' ' So her major-domo swears ; but her chair men, whom I found asleep in the hall, say they set her down at the palace,' 'At Whitehall f 'Yes, at Whitehall. There is a modish performance there to.-night, 1 hear ; but I doubt it is over, for the Strand was crowded with hackney coaches moving eastward. I passed a pair of handsome eyes in a gilded chair that flashed fury at mo as I rode by. which I'll swear were Mrs. Palmers; and waiting for me in the hall I found this letter that had just been handed in by a link, who doubtless belonged to the same lady. Read, Angela; it is scarce long enough to weary you.' She took the letter from him with a hand that trembled so that 6he could hardly hold the sheet of paper. ' 'Watch. There is an intrigue afoot this night and you must ba a greater dullard than I thftik you if you cannot unmask adeceit f ul ? ' The word was one which modern manners forbid in speech or printed page. Angela's pallid cheek flushed crimson at the sight of the vile epithet. Oh, iusane lightness of conduct which made such an insult possible. Standing there, confronting the angry husband with that detestable paper in her band, she felt a pang of compunction at the thought that she might have been more strenuous m her argu ments with her sister, more earnest and con stant in reproof. When the peace and good repute of two lives were at stake was it for her to consider any question of older or younger, or to be restrained by the fear of offending a sister who had been so generous and indulgent to her? Fareham saw her distress and looked at her with angry suspicion. 'Come,' he said, 'I scarce expected a ?lying answer from you, and yet you join with servants to deceive me. You know your sister is not at Lady Sarah's.' 'I know nothing, except that wherever she is I will vouch that she is innocently employed and has done nothing to deserve the infamous ?aspersion/' giving him back the letter. 'Innocently employed ? You carry matters with a high hand. Innocently employed, in a company of she-profligates, listening to. Killi-, grew's ribald jokes-^Uikrew, the profanest; of them all, who can tum;tne/g^atest.cala&'ityj .thiB;ei(7'''e7er';Su'ffere^^'li-U^pliiyattdlje,8ring. Innocently employed, in direct disobedience to; her husband ! So innocently employed ' that! she makes her servants— and her sister — tell b'es to cover her innocence !' ' Hector as much as you please, I have told your lordship no lies ; and, with your permis: , sion, I will leave you to recover your temper before my sister return, which I doubt will happen within the nexfhour.' ? '' , one moved quicldy past him towards the house. 'Angela, forgive me ? ' he began, trying to detain her ; but she hurried on through the open French window and ran upstairs to her room, where she locked herself in. For some minutes she walked up and down, profoundly agitated, thinking out the position of affairs. To Fareham Bhe had carried matters with a high hand, but she was full of fear. The play was over and her sister, who doubtless had been among the audience, had not come home. Was she staying at the palace, gossiping with the maids-of honor, shining among that brilliant, unscrupulous crowd, where intrigue was in the very air, where no woman was credited with virtue and every man was remorseless ? The anonymous letter scarcely influenced Angela's thoughts in these agitated moments — that was but a. foul assault on character by a. foul-minded' woman. But the fugitive con fabulations of the past week must have had some motive ; and her sister's fluttered manner before leaving the house had marked this night as the crisis of the plot. Angela could imagine nothing but that ghostly masquerading which had, in the first place, been discussed freely in her presence ; and she could but wonder that De Malfort and' her sister should have made a mystery about a plan which she had known in its inception.. The more deeply she considered all the cir cumstances, the more she inclined to suspect some evil intention on De Malfort's .part, of which Hyacinth, so frank, so shallow, might be too easy a dupe. 'I do little good doubting and suspecting and wondering here,' she said to herself, and after hastily lighting the candles on her toilet table she began to unlace the bodice of her light-colored silk mantua and in a few minutes had changed her elegant evening attire for a dark cloth gown, short in the skirt and loose in the sleeves, which bad been made for her to wear upon the river. In this costume she could handle a pair of sculls as freely as a waterman. When sho had put on a little black silk hood she extinguished her candles, pulled aside the curtain which obscured the open window and looked out on the terrace. There was just light enough to show her that the coast was clear. The iron gate at the top of the water stairs was seldom locked, nor were the boat houses often shut, as boats were being taken in and out at all hours, and for the rest neglect and carelessness might always be reckoned upon in the Fareham household. ? She ran lightly down a side staircase and so by an obscure door to the river front. No, the gate was not locked and there was not a creature within sight to observe or impede her movements. She went down the steps to the paved quay below the garden terrace. The house where the wherries were kept was wide open and, better still, there was a skiff moored by the 6ide of the stepB, as if waiting for her, and she had but to take a pair of sculls from the rack and step into the boat, unmoor, and a way westward, with swift dipping oars, in the soft summer silence, broken now and then by sounds of singing— a tipsy, un nielodious strain, perhaps, were it heard too near, but musical in the distance — as the rise and fall of voices crept along a reach of running water. The night was hot and oppressive, even on the river. But it was better here than any where else ; and Angela breathed more freely as she bent over her sculls, rowing with all her might, intent upon reaching that landing stfege she knew of in the very shortest possible time. The boat was heavy, but she had tho swift incoming tide to help her. Was Fareham hunting for his wife, she wondered. Would he go to Lady Sarah's lodgings, in the first place, and not finding Hyacinth there to Whitehall? And then, would he remember the assembly at Millbank, in which he had taken no part and apparently no interest ? And would he extend his search to the- ruined abbey ? At tho worst, Angela would be there before him to prepare her sister for the angry suspicions which she would have to meet. He was not likely to think of that place till he had exhausted all other chances. It was not much more than a mile from Fareham House to that desolate bit of country betwixt Westminster and Chelsea, where the modern dairy-farm occupied the old monkish pastures. As Angela ran her boat inshore she expected to see Venetian lanterns and to hear music and voices and all the indications of a gay assembly ; but there was only silence and darkness, save for one lighted window in the dairyman's dwelling-house, and she thought that she had come upon a futile errand and had been mistaken in her conjectures. She moored her boat to the wooden landing stage and went on shore to examine the pre mises. The party might be designed for a later hour, thoucrh it was now near midnight and Lady Saratfs party had assembled at 11. She walked across a ruoadow, where the dewy grass was cool under her feet, and so to the open space in front of the'.dairyman's^ house — a shabby building attached like a wen to tho ruined refectory. She started at hearing the snort of a horse and the jingling of bit and curb-chain and came suddenly upon a coach and four with a couple of postboys standing beside their team. ' Whose coach is this?' she asked. 'Mr. Malfy's, your ladyship.' 'The French gentleman from St. James's street, my lady,' explained the other man. 'Did you bring Monsieur De Malfort here?' 'No, madam. We was told to be here at 11 with horses as fresh as fire and the poor tits are mighty impatient to be moving. Steady, Champion. You'll have to work enough this side Dartford ' — to the near leader, wlio was shaking his head vehemently and pawing the gravel. Angela ?waited to ask no further questions, but made straight for the unglazed window through which Mr. Spavinger and his com panions had entered. There was no light in tho great vaulted room save the faint light of summer stars and two figures were there in the dimness — a woman standing straight and tall in a satin gown whose pale sheen reflected the starlight ; a woman whose right arm was flung above her head, bare and white, the hand clasping her brow distractedly ; and a man who knelt at her feet grasping the hand that hung at her, side, Jooking up at Tier and talking eagerly 1 with passionate gestures. ; ' . ? Her voice was clearer than his and Angela: henrd'her repeating with a piteous shrillness,; Kb, no, no J No. Henri, no 1' She stayed to hear no more, but sprang through the opening between the broken mul lions and rushed to her sisters side, and as De Malfort started to his feet she thrust him vehemently aside and clasped Hyacinth in her arms. 'You here, Mistress Killjoy ?' he muttered in a surly tone. ' May I ask what business brought you, for I'll swear you wasn't in vited ?' 'I have come to save my sister from a villain, sir. But oh, my sweet, I little dreamt thou hadst such need of me !' 'Nay, love, thou didst ever make tragedies out of nothing,' eaid Hyacinth, struggling to disguise hysterical tears with airy laughter. ' But I am right glad all the same that you are come, for this gentleman has put a scurvy trick upon me and brought me here on pretence of a gay assembly that has no existence.' 'He is a villain and a traitor,' said Angela, in deep indignant tones. 'Dear, love, thou hast been in danger I dare scarce think of. Fareham is searching for you.' ' Fareham ! In London ?' ' Returned scarce more than 'an hour ago. Hark !' She lifted her finger waraingly as a bell rang and a well-known voice sounded outside the house calling to someone to open the door. 'He is here,' cried Hyacinth distractedly. 'For God's sake hide me from him. Not for worlds— not for worlds would I meet him.' 'Nay, you have nothing to fear. It is Monsieur de Melfort who has come to answer for what he has done.' ' Henri, he will kill you. Alas, you know not what he is in anger. I have seen him, once in Paris, when he thought a man was insolent to me. God ! the thunder of his voice, the blacknesB of his brow! He will kill you. Oh, if you love me — if you ever loved me — come out of his way. He is fatal with his sword.' ' ' And am I such a tyro at fence or such a poltroon as to be afraid to meet him ? No, Hyacinth, I go with you to Dover, or I stand ray ground and face him.' 'You shall hot,' sobbed Hyacinth. 'I will not have your blood on my head. Come, come —by the garden — by the river.' She dragged him towards the window ; he pretending to resist, as Angela thought, yet let ting himself be led as she pleased, to lead him. They had but just crossed the yawning gap between the inullions and vanished into the night when Fareham burst into the room with his sword drawn and came towards Angela, who stood in shadow, her face half hidden in her close-fitting hood. 'So, madam, I have found you at last,' ho said, 'and in time to stop your journey, though not to save myself the dishonor of a wanton wife. But it is your paramour I want, not you. Where is that craven hiding ?' He went back to the inhabited part of the house and returned af t«r a hasty examination of the premises, carrying the lamp which had lighted his search, only to find the same Boli tary figure in the vast bare room. Angela bad moved nearer the window and had sunk ex hausted upon a large carved oak chair, which might be a relic of the monkish occupation. Fareham came to her with a lamp in his hand. 'He has given me a clean pair of Jieels,' he said, 'but I know where to find him. It is but a pleasure postponed. And now, woman, you had best return to the house your folly or your sin has disgraced. For to-night at least it must needs shelter you. Come !' The hooded figure rose at his bidding and he saw the face in the lamplight. ' You !' he gasped. 'You !'' ' Yes, Fareham, it is I. Cannot you take a kind view of a foolish business and believe there has been only folly and no dishonor in the purpose that brought irie here.' ' You !' he repeated. ' You !' His bearing was that of a man who staggers under a crushing blow, a stroke So unexpected that he can but wonder and suffer. He set down the lamp with a shaking hand, then took two or- three hurritd turns up and down the room ; then stopped abruptly by the lamp, snatched the anonymous letter from his breast and read the lines over again. ' ' An intrigue on foot ? ' No name. And I took it for granted my wife was meant. I looked for folly from her, but wisdom, honor, purity, all the virtues from you. Oh, what was the use of my fortitude.^what the motive of self- conquest here,' striking himself upon the breast, 'if you were unchaste? Angela, you have broken my heart.' There was a long pause before she anwered and her face was turned from him to hide the streaming tear3. At last she was able to reply calmly— 'Indeed, Fareham, you do wrong to take this matter so passionately. You may trust my sister and me. On my honor, you have no cause to be angry with either of us.' 'And when I gave you this letter to read,' he went on, disregarding her protestations, 'you knew that you were coming here to meet a lover. You hurried ? away from me, dis sembler as you were, to steal to this lonely place at midnight, to fling yourself into his arms. Tell me where he is hiding that I may kill him now while I pant for vengeance. Such rage as mine cannot wait for idle forms. Now, now, now, is the time to reckon with your seducer !' ' Fareham, you cover me with insults !' He had rushed to tho door, still carrying his naked sword ; but lie turned back as she spoke and stood looking at her from head to foot with a savage scornfulness. 'Insult!' he cried. 'You have sunk too low for insult. There are no words that I know vile enough to stigmatise such disgrace as yours. Do you know what you have been to me, woman? A saint — a star; ineffably pure, ineffably remote ; a creature to worship at a distance; for whom it was no sacrifice to repress all that is common to the base heart of man ; from whom a kind word was enough for happiness — so pure, so far away, so detached from this vile age wo live iu. God, how that saintly face has cheated me. Mock saint, mock nun ; a creature of passions like my own, but more stealthy ; from top to toe an incarnate lie,' He flung out of the room and she heard his footsteps about the house and heard doors open and shut. She waited for no more ; but, being sure by this time that her sister had left the premises, her own desire was to return to Fareham House as soon as possible, counting upon finding Hyacinth there ; yet with a sick fear that the seducer might take base advantage of her sister's terror and confused spirits and hustle her off upon the fata] journey he had planned. The boat lay where she had moored it, tit the ? . , --. ;- foot of the. wooden stair; and she : was V stepping into it when Fareham Tan. hastily to : - the bank. . ? - ? , ;; ? . ' Your paramour has got clear off,' he said ;, -t_ and then asked curtly, ' How came you hf that boat?' ' I brought it from Fareham House.' 'What ! you came here alone by water at -.:? so late an hour? You heaven-born ad venturess! Other women need education in ._ vice ; but to you it comes by nature.' He pulled off his doublet as he stepped into the boat; then seated himself and took the sculls. : ' Has your lordship not left a horse waiting for you? Angela enquired hesitatingly. .' ' My lordship's horse will fiud lus stables be fore morning with the groom that lias him in charge. I am going to row you home. Love expectant is bold ; but disappointed love may.. - , lack courage for a solitary jaunt after mid night. Come, mistress, let us have no ceremony. We have done with that for ever — as we nave done with friendship. There are thousands of women in England all much of a pattern ; and you are one of them. That ia the end of our romance.' He bent to his work and rowed with a stead/ stroke and in a stubborn silence which lasted till it was more strangely broken than such angry silence is apt to be._ .The tide was still running up and it was as . much as the single oarsman could do in that heavy boat to hold his own against the stream. Angela -sat watching him with her gaze ' rooted to that dark countenance and bare head, on which the iron-grey hair waved thick and strong, for Fareham had never consented to envelop his neck and shoulders in a mantle of dead men's tresses and wore his own hair after the fashion of Charles the First's time. So intent was her watch that the objects on ' either shore passed her like shadows in a dream. The primate s palace on her right hand -as jthe boat swept round that great bend where the river makes opposite Lambeth Marsh ; on. her left, as they neared London, the stern gran deur of the Abbey and St. Margaret's. It w^e only as they approached Whitehall that shfe' became .aware of a light upon the water which was not the reflection of daybreak and' looking suddenly up she saw the fierce glare ol '. a conflagration in the eastern sky and cried — 'There is a fire, my lord — a great fire, I doubt, in the city.' The long roof and masonic tower of St. Paul's Btood dark against the vivid splendor o) that sky, and every timber in the scaffolding showed like a black lattice across the crimson and sulphur of raging flames. Fareham looked round without moving hii sculls from the rowlocks. 'A great fire in verity, mistress. Would God it meant the fulfilment of prophecy !' ' What prophecy, sir V ' The end of the world, with which we are threatened in this vear. God, how the flamee rage and mount. Would it were the great fire and He had come to judge us and to empty the vials of His wrath upon profligates and seducers.' _ ?? He looked at the face opposite, radiant with reflected rose and gold, supernatural in that Etrange light and, oh, so cahn in every line and feature, the large dark eyes meeting his with a gaze that seemed to him half indignant, half reproachful. ' Oh, what hypocrites these women are !' he told himself. 'And all alike -all alike. What comedians ! For acting one need not go to the duke's or the king. One may see it at one's own board, by one's own hearth. Acting, nothing but acting ! And I; thought that in the universal mass of falsehood and folly there were some rare stars, dwelling apart; here and tliere, and that she was one of them. An idle dream ! Nature has made them all in one mould and it is but by means and opportunity that they differ.' Higher and higher ro3e that ? vast sheet of vivid color, and now every tower and steeple was bathed in rosy light or else stood black against the radiant uky — towers illuminated, towers in densest shadow ; the slim spars of ships showing as if drawn with pen and ink on a sulphur background— a scene of surpassing splendor and terror. Fareham had seen Flemish villages blazing, Flemish citadels exploding, their fragments hurled skyward in a blue flaine of gunpowder, but never this yastt ? afch of crimson, glowing and growing before * his astonished gaze, as he paddled tho boat inshore and etood up to watch the groat disaster. '? 'God has remembered our modern Sodom,' he said savagely. ' He has punished us with pustilence and we took no heed. And now He tries us with fire. But if it come not yonder,' pointing to Whitehall, which was immediately above them, for their boat lay close to the king's landing-stage — 'if, like the contagion, it stays in the east and only the citizens suffer, why, vive la bagatelle ! Wo — and our concubines — have no part in the punishment. We, who call down the fire, do not suffer it.' Spellbound by that strange spectacle, Fare ham stood and gazed, and Angela was afraid to urge him to take the boat on to Fareham' House, anxious as she was to span those few hundred yards of distance to be assured of her sister's safety. They waited thus nearly an hour, the sky ever increasing in brilliancy and the souuds_ of voices and tramp of hurrying feet growing with every minute. Whitehall was now all alive — men and women in a careless undress at every window, some of them hanging half . out of the window to talk to people in the court below. Shrieks of 'terror or of wonder, ejaculations and oaths sounding on every side ; while Fareham, who had moored the boat to an iron ring in the wall by his majesty's stairs, stood gloomy and motionless and made no further comment, only watched the conflagra tion in dismal B'ilence, fascinated by that prodigious ruin. ^ , ? . It was but the beginning of that stupendous \\. destruction, yet it was already, great enough to seem like the end of ail tilings. ' And last night in the court theatre Killi grew's puppets had been making a jest of a pestilence that filled the grave-pits by thou sands,' Farehani muttered, as if awaking from a dream. 'Well, the wits will have a new subject for their mirth — London in flames.' He untied the rope, took his seat,; and rowed out into the* stream. Within that hour in '?which they had waited the Thames had covered itself with traffic; boats were moving west ward loaded with frightened souls in casual attire and with heaps of humble goods and chattels. Some whose houses were nearest the river had been quick enough to save a portion of their poor possessions and to get them packed on;4-arges; but these were the wise minority. \fThe greater number of the sufferers were stupefied by the suddenness of the calamity, the rapidity with which destruc tion rushed upon.them, the flames leaping from house to house, spanning chasmB of emptiness, darting hither and thither like lizards or winged scorpions, or breaking.out mysteriously in fresh places, so that -already the -cry of arson had arisen and the ever-growing -fire was set down to fiendish creatures laboring secretly in a work of universal destruction. T . Most of the sufferers looked on at the ruin of their homes paralysed by horror upable to help themselves or to mitigate their losses by energetic action of any kind. Dumb and help less as sheep they saw- their homes destroyed, their children's li ves imperilled, and could only thank Providence and those few brave men ?who helped them in their helplessness for escape from a fiery death. Panic and rum prevailed within a mile eastward of Fareham House, when the boat ground against the edge of the marble landing-staga and Angelaalighted and ran quickly up the stairs and made her way straight to the house. The door stood wide open and candles were burning in the ves tibule. The servants were at the eastern- end of the terrace watching the fire ; too much en grossed to see their master and his companion land at the western steps. At the foot of the great staircase Angela heard herself called by a crystalline voice and, .looking up, saw Henriette hanging over the bannister rail. ? ' Auntie, where have you been ?' ' Is your mother with you ?' Angela asked. 'Mother is locked in her bedchamber and inigbty sullen. She told me to go to bed. As if anybody could lie quietly ? in bed with London burning !' added Papillon, her tone implying that a great city in flames was a land of entertainment that could not be too highly appreciated. She came flying downstairs, in her pretty silken deshabille, with her hair streaming, and flung her arms round her aunt's neck. ' Ma chatte, where have you baen ?' 'On the terrace.' ' Fi done, imntcusc! I saw you and my father land at the west stairs five minutes ago.' ' We had been looking at the fire.' 'And you never offered to take me with you. What a greedy pig !' 'Indeed, dearest, it is no scene for little girls to look upon.' 'And when I am grown up what shall I have to talk about if I miss all the great eights?1. 'Come to your room, love. You will see only too much from ydur windows. I am going to your mother.' ' Ce n'est pas la peine. She is in one of her tempers and has locked herself in.' ' No matter. She will see me.' ' I doubt it. She came home in a coach and four nearly two hours ago, with Monsieur de Malfort, and I think they must have quarrelled. They bade each other good night so strangely, but he was more huffed than mother.' ' Where were you that you know so much ?'; 'In the gallery. Did I not tell you I shouldn't be able to sleep ? I went into the gallery for coolness and then I heard the coach in the courtyard, and the doors opened and I listened.' ' Inquisitive child !' 'No, I was not inquisitive, I was only nastly hipped for -want of knowing what to do with myself. And I ran to bid her lady ship good morning, for it was close upon 1 o'clock ; but she frowned at me and pushed me aside with a ' Go to your bed, troublesome imp. What businoBS^have you up at this hour ? _ 'As much business as you have riding about in your couch,' I had a mind to say, mats jc me tenais coy ; and made her ladyship la belle Jenning's curtsey instead. She curtseys lower and rises straighter than any of the other ladies. I watched her ou mother's visiting day. Lord, auntie, how white you are. One might take you for a ghost !' Angela put the little prattler aside more gently, perhaps, than the mother had done and passed hurriedly on to Lady Fareham's room. The door was still locked, but she would take no denial. 'I must speak with you,' she Baid. ( To be continued. ) 