SIR HENRY PARKES. A SKETCH OF HIS LIFE. "IT cannot be long; it may be measured by the life of a little child, one, two, three, or seven years at the most. God's will be done." li is with the?e v.\mif\ tint Sir Henry Parkes iinixluiil his u-tlectiom-! on the accident which befell him on May 18, 1890\. There can be no doubt thnt ho felt this accident deeply. Tt wmsj ronlly tho ending of his public l\S-. He ciid not. like to ndmit this, though he acknowledged inr hio 'Fifty Years ' that ho lull never re covered the buoyancy of life which ha had on-; joyei up to 'tbo unfortunate hcur of its occur-; ronco.' Thoycnrs which have vh^e'l mno-( that accident of now nearly fix years ago hiv. ; boon ft time of disinter iincl .1 uincr-s, murkily, clouding tho lust years of tho greatest man; known in the history of Australia. :? A sadder story thnii tbi-i of the di'clino of 11: great man ono does not wish to reid. The old! man fill en ovil dnya. TIioju whom he 1 ad lie ! friondo I in his time of power, thosn who boasted of his friendship, they all left him nlone tn. battle in Mi old n«o with the inim-rabln nndj. sordid worries of griping poverty. Tradesmen) clamouring at his door for payment, creditors' casting iu his teeth the one unpardonable sin of! poverty, clever nrliitH lilictiiinp; his threidbircj condition for the p!e:i-iirc of the p. op!e— this i^; not a picture which redounda to tho croiit olj Australia. Wo hud 11 gr.mt rniiu one..', we.-; Australians. He did grunt work for us, we, shout 08 we crowd round his grove. He wn»! on intellectual giant, one of lho «reat men olj, the ojrth. He fought his wuy from nothing to power nnd pluco — and theueo ho f:P, none! helping him, to poverty and want. lie hu.s: asked us for broad and wo jeered ut him. N.ivvl that ho has gono to whore beyond thes; voicr.-l thoro iH rest— let us giro him 11 Btono ! Suiui;-? faced admirers gut up now and hnramjucl oudienous about hid greatness. What would iij have coat these to havo saved tho old man's library for him bo th.it ho might enjoy it dur ing tho last few months of his life ? How much would it havo meant to the men who hung about, him in his davs of power, to pro vide, that his declining daya would have been; unfa at least against the insults which virtuous! Thrift showers upon 1'overty ? [; HIS EAUIiY YEARS. Henry Parkes was born on May 27, 1815 — about a month boforo tho Battlo of Waterloo— in the little village of Canley, parish of Stone- leigh, in Shakespeare's county, Warwickshire. Upon the early years of his life Sir Henry didi notlovo to dwell. Ho had no education in the! modern sense of the word and from tho ago of eighthohndto work for nislivoHhood. ' from' tho yours of boyhood in -lingland,' ho writon! in his 'Fifty 'Years, ' 'I had looked onj silently throughout tho trumtudoua ngitationn for tho first Koform Bill, and I was u solitary liatenor among the '2.10,000 persons who at tended the great Nowh-ill Hill mooting in Birmingham ? I became a mombor of thu famous Political Union, and wore my badgo oponly till the Hill was tarried into low.' His ' teuohora,' as ho calls them, wore Dmio] O'Conncll. Thotnuu Attwood, Luwloss, Sbiol, Georgo Thompson, the nnti-slavury orator, William CoWiett, ' that thunderous proachet John Anijoll James,' Clmrloj I'emberton,' to gothor with the living poets of tho time, 8Uch as Byron, Mourn, Sholloy, and Leigh Hunt.' Ho spent tho winter of 1838-0 in London, alone with his wife, and then left for Australia; in tbo atruthliuldsuv'. which ARRIVED IN SYDNEY HAKBOUK on July 25, 1339. Ho waa 2-1 years of ago, married, with u child — long sinco doad — who had been born on tho voyago out. Ho did not know a uoul in Australia, and had not u letter of introduction to any one. Thore wub no employment to bo hud in Sydney, and tho first public meeting he attended was one bold in the. Market, to raisd tmbscripti ma for tbo oatubliahmcint of a soup-kitchen. Finding nothing btittnr to do, young I'urkea wont as a farm- luboror on tho Bogor.tvillo Estate of Sir John Jamioson, washing sheep on tho Nepean Kivor, roipiug and doing ovcrythiiig of tho kind for six months at tho munificent salary of f;i0 a year. Hero it was th.it Mr. Hugh, Taylor, of ParramntU, first full in with him,] and ho describes hiir. as evon thon anxious to dovoto all his littlo auperiUioua catih to the groat work of educating him'iilf. Naturally enough, ho soon tired ot this life, throw up hi6 billet, aad finally SET UP IN SYDNEY 88 a turner, aftor having been employed in n wholesslo ironmongery store, and afterwards in an iron foundry. Readers may find the I following advortianment from ' wells' Aus tralian Directory' (1818) of intorest: — 'Henry Parkes, Ivory and Bone Turner ?ote., manufacturer of billiard and bufjatello \ bulls, chess and backgammon mou, dice and cups, cribbage boards, domiuoea, ivory ham- ^ mers, round rulers, office seals, cups and balls, humming tops, children's rattles and gum rings, crochet needles, bono knitting pins, dog f. whistles, glove stretchers, ivory thimblos, nopkin rings otc. otc. Dealbu in KNGLi'iik Tors and Fancy Abticiks. No. 20 IIuntor-E street, near Georgo-streot, Sydney.' I It waa in this very yeir 1318 that Parkoa ?first TOOK AN ACTIVE PART in tho riublic life of (ho colony, and it was as Si one of the secretaries of tho movement to ro- I turn Robert Lowo, the Into Viscount Sher- | brooke, for Sydney in opposition to Wetit- ij worth and Bland. Parkes wrote the address to | the oltctora and nltended nil tho meotinpa. It ! seems strango to learn on his own authority n that bis first attempt at speaking, mado in « connection with this movement, was 'a sorry 6 failure.' In thono days poople used to calls ?a spado a spade very vigourously. Went-ffi worth called l'arkcs § AN AUCH-ANARCniST 1 & and wo may bo nuro that Parkes, when hpy ?found his tongue, was not bohiud-huud it^ passing complinaeutg. Colonel Mundy has afe kindly word to say of tho Parkes of tfcoso early i days. Ho sneers at him for 'a retailor of;; rocking-horsej and radicalism in proso and^ verso,' us ' a dull spvikor, dull us tho rust'id i chisels and edges of his diBcirded trade,' who !- indulged ' lurgoly though uuintolligibly, in i COftrso vituperation.' Which forco.i us to, J. rocogniso tho fact thut your lino gentleman ofK thono dayB could Billingsgate to somo purpose?: when ho choao. Parkes made hia r FIRST 1-OUTICAL SPEECH | at a mcoting bo and somo of his frionds hadfc orgnniied in the beginning of ISIS to petition?? the Homo Government for a reduction in thei? suffrage quilificaiion, and in favor of universil)'; BuffrJge. Tho speech was n woick performance,^ as ho himself eonfeJsid, but in ' Fifty Years 'I ho quoted with prido one eontenco which hoj claimed to h'lvo been pruphc tic. Spiaking off uaivotewl Rtiftcugo, ho sud : 'Tho timo will* como moro quickly thtm eomo dark prophetuj can see, when it will bo in tho possession of tho! Australian pooylo.' Within ton yuars thin ,propheoy was litntally fulfi led. Tho second tinvi iu which tho voico of Henry Parkes was boird in public wus when transpor tatioD, which had been tctnporurily suspended for 8 fow yours, was to bu revived in 1819. Ships wore on tho way with loads of convicts ?Irom EuroDO and ono lay in Sydnoy Hatbavty 'alongside freo immigrant vhhrcU. Instantly; jau open ntr meeting was called. It «us Junoj )11. ltnin foil in torrontu, yet 7000 or 8000 icitinenn fif.:'ombled in tho (muring ruin at the, [Circular Quay to protest ' aguinst tbo trau-j iportalion of llrilu'ti ciimiuuls to tho colony of J New ^outli Wales.' Nothing could exceed! the onthutinGin of that gathering, nnd nothing,) not even the (louring ruin, could damp it. li! Tina afterwards known as thu 'great protean mcoting,' and 0110 of the must cli-etivej speech™ delivered ut it waa by Henry Parkes. It was hin I j second rur.Lic speech. i \ The leaden, of tbci prop!o begun t' talk of iresi^loncu by fore?, but fortunately belter; ?cninuila provuilml iu Lnmlon mil tho Order in I ICcmncil which authnrised the enntinuunce of jthe system uf tr nixj oilini; convicls to tin f e.ik.nV was revoked, and Ir.mspo.t atiou e.and. Iu 1S0O tho jmblicitiiu of tho ' Empire) '| newspaper commenced ; and, us the c-hiefj m,n:ij;ementof that journal dev.ilvcl on Mr. l'.irkrn, ho win iia'nrally brought into pul'licj .?.rominence. It continued its care, r for sev 11 \oarti, anda fair cptimatc ol it3 inilucnco may Uo cuthiTol from what Sir John Uotortf on f.M\\. !. if it yeirs later— as reported later 011 iu lliinS l-ketch. lieforo Parkes was Hent into ihcf jl.eKisluturo he was Im-v on the sid.i of the' lieople in tho opposition t« the n--wO«u»titntionf Jframrd by a select committee nl the L-'gislativet jCouneil, and known an Mr. Wcntworth's Con-S [stitu'.iou. Proposing as it did to create) f ! A COLONIAL PKERAQK, [ (with lirreciitnry privilege', to ccnotruct anf jUpper House in which the people would have? invoice, to pension off the ollicors of thoj- G .virnmcnt on tboir full .'nlaries, with othorji I'llnioxioiiB provinions, tho new Constitution was! (violently opposed, and largo publio meetings ,'weie held to dnnounce it. Ou August 15, 185S ] it a great public meeting in thn Victoria Iheutre, tci ' resist tile veiy grout attack upon the piiblio liberty ' contained in tho provisions of the hill, Mr. Parkes mornd a resolution ciriiQHtly protesting ugain»t tuo moHsure, and thu resultof his eftorlsandof thosowith whom he ieo- oper.it id was that 11 longor ticno whs secured) for the consideration ot the bill, and tho I peerage scheme wns abandoned. Finally, after) much utruijlo and agitation, a bill was passed! establiiihing two deliberative Chambers— a! Legislative Coun:il nnd a Legislative' Assembly. j It was not until May 2, 1851 that Pcirkos' be 0 amo a member of Parliament, whon ho wa- elected to the Logislutiva Council by n majority! uf 1127 to 770 ovor Charles Kemp, ex-editor end part proprietor of tho ' Herald.' Ono of' tlui first subjects he took up in Parliament was! thut ef immigration. Ho moved a motion in! the Council in favor of a more liberal immigru-j tmn^.-miawnBSfl^»^^^w^cW^^migaM«fl tion system than thon prevailed. Hia motion' was defeated ; but ho pursued tho Hirbjeet: aftorwards with charaotoristic zeal and withj moroBuccess. Ho took up other important! subjects. In 1854 he obtained the appointment of a selecct committee to consider the expediency of establishing a Nautical School in Sydney, and twelve years afterwards, when in office for the first time as Colonial Secretary, he pur- chased the Vernon, and established on board that ship the training school under which the Vernon (afterwards the Sobraon) boys were housed and educated. Another inquiry ho was; instrumental in obtaining at the bands of thoi old Council was into the impjrtntion of Asiatic.? aborers, many coolies and South Sea Islanders! having boon introduced into tho northern purtaU of what in now tho colony of Quoonalnnd. Hej also obtained parliamentary inquiries into tbe| adulteration ot food and tho etuto of land occu-S pation and agrioulture. Proeauro of i HIS PERSONAL AFFAIRS becamotoo great, nnd in retiring from Parlia ment in December, 1S5G, he announced it to be his purpose for somo years to como, to entirely disconnect himself from public life His re tirement was generally rogrotted, and an effort re as mudo to present him with a public, teati moninl ' in token of tho high esteem enter tained for him by his fellow-colonists, and an expression of thoir earnest appreciation of the valuable public services rendered by him to tho city and tho colony generally aa a member of tho Legislature,' but this ho firmly dis ccuntenuncod and declined. After the old Council came to an end in December 1855 Parkes had WANTED TO RETIRE, but tho people wouldn't havo it, and he was elected one of the fonr representatives of Sydney iu January of tho following year. Before his rctiromont in 185G Parkes had earned tho title afterwards bestowed on him by Sir John Kobettson of FATHER OF THE ELECTRIC TELE GRAPH IN AUSTRALIA. It was on bis motion that tho Legislative Ab; st'inbly agreed to request his Excellency the Governor to take tho necessary steps to carry out without delay the recommendations of the select committee appointed to consider the aubject of introducing the electric telegraph in)o the colony, nnd it was upon his report thut tho first electric telegraph in the colony was established. Ho interested himself also in the appointment of a selcot committee to inquire into and report upon tho state of igriculture in the colony, with special rofer. euco to tho cultivation ot wheat ; and in the last session of the mixed noininco and elective Legislature which existed beforo the intro. luction of responsible government, he de clared with onerpy frcctrado opinions on* .finance mill taxation. '.' I PnrliCii was in every Parliament that oat in'! tho colony frocn the introduction of Bcmonnibl.r; jUovornmiul to the P.irli-miunt which was ilU-l ? solved in the middle of 1805. Ho hud served' 12 years 119 a private) momher before hn becunio; a Minister, nnd wau intcrestod in such impor-i taut mutters in ELECTORAL REFORM L far hack na 18.i8. In the following year ho! moved a iimiih. r of resolutions in tho Assembly, luttiriuiiig that the inuiuteiiunco of Imperial; tioops i:e tlio i-clouy wiiHunwiso and ineffective^ 'and that ' the Iriie' prineiph) of military do-! lfor.ee, and the only course which would unsure} effective resistance in extreme circumstances, is to habituate the subjects in this colony to the ii.io nf lireaiinp, and to foster among all elumrs a loyiilunil patriotic spirit o£ reliance on their own valour and military organisation.' In 1861 Parkes and Dalley — who were to be connected again in so different a manner — were SENT TO ENGAND an I.nmigmtinn Lecturers, nnd on firs occasion it was tlmt Parkes laid tho foundation of tho friendships with tho 1011117 eminent men in poli tics, literature and society, of which he was s.- rewmnbly proud. On hi* return to Australia Jin 1SC3, Parkrs unsuccessfully contested two jelections, and in 1861, w.ia rufurned forKinma. (In 18PG. he took office for tho first tinm us jColonial Secretary in tho second Martin Min (iHlry. Hia term of oflice is chiefly memor.ible for THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT. The peroration of his speech introducing the meamiro is worth ro-priuting now. '? By what you do now,1' he enid, ' you may! render a service th it will be felt horeuftor in j tho aspirations of a hundred thousand human lives— of that unknown multitude arising in our midst who have yet to employ their fucul lios in moving the machinery of society, and S who; for good or evil, must connect tho pru jja'-nt with thfl future. They will como after 3us, in the field and in the workshop, in the Ss^ho 1 and in the churob, on the judgment Jsont, nnd within these wills — a mighty wave 5of intelligence that must roceivo its temper sfrom you, but whosa forca you will not be nhoro to control. 1 leave with you this ques Stion, bo pregnant with social consequonces, Srelying on your enlightened pntriotiiim to ?jnppvoaeh it in a temperate spirit, to consider it ? dinpa'aionately, and to arnvo at a docioionj Supon it which shall inspire the psoplo with ! renewnd confidence in the wisdom and iuteg i rity of Parliament.' (I To tho same period belongs tho wratohed 1 KIAMA GHOST 5buRiness, which did mora to hurt Parkos' ropu Station than anything olse in which ho took a ? him!. The incident is familiar to roaders and sneed not be dwolt upon hero. I J Parkea formad ] HIS FIRST UIKISTRY fin May 1872, and it remained in oflico until {February 1875. During this poriod thn nd [valorem duties were uboliiihed, and tho amount (of the duties given up made altogether a Bum [of about Jil98 000 — £10,000 of whioh ropro grouted tho abolition of tho postal charge on jnowspapors. Parkes al«o formed tho Do ip'irtmonts of Justice, Public Instruction, and (Mines; he deprived the Attorney General of Shis soit in tho Executive Counoiland ho abo jlished Hid office of Solicitor Geooral. It is not 'unworthy of noto — it certainly mado enough rnoisn at the timo — that it wus during this [administration that Parkes made Sir James Mirtin Chief Justice. In December 1876 Parkes resigned tho leadership of the Opposition and in tho follow ing yeur, ho and John Robertson acceptod knighthood. In the following year Sir Henry formed his ? SECOND ADMINISTRATION, \ which lasted only five months, and it was in j tbo general election that followod upon tho : foiluro to prove an administration to succcod ( him that Sir Henry waa defeated at Eust j Syndoy, and declared that the door of his poli- 5 ticnl life wiw closed for ever. It was not un- 5 cil 1878 that conditions were ripe for the ij famous t PARKES.ROBERTSON COALITION, \ which lasted from Docembor 1878 to January ij 1883, e Amongst the monsuros passed were the bill j to amend the Public Schools Act of 18GG, and ; the Electoral Act Amendment Bill. The il former, intended to inorease tho facilities for ' tho spread of Public Schools, the establish- ', ment of grammar schools, and tho withdrawal t of State aid from Denominational Schools after '- a certain period, was introduced in deference to piiblio opinion, and because tho progress of y events and tho circumstances of tho country ; had mado such an amendment of tho Public ' School system very desirable and necossary ; ;' tho latter waB pressed forward because the! anomalies in our electoral system, bo long com-'-; plained of, wore becoming moro conspiciousi: and objectionable overy year. Fcr many yoarspi pest there has been movements of ono kind or!; another in tho Legislature ubout tho Church |j and School lands, but it was loft to they Government of Sir Henry Parkes to doalg H rffeo'.ually with tho question by paeaing; a bill,1''.. the main effect of which men to dcdiotvto tha 'r Church nnd School l»ndn to the purposes of j: public instruction. f. 1 Dining this ndminifitrntion Sir Henry paid?' !hio eecond vioit to Europo, nnd not long after; hia return to tho colony hin collonguo'd Land; Bill wan dofented, nnd a ponoral election rolo-i fintcd both knights to tho cold ohndo of Op position, whoro Parkes romained for four yearn. It wus in tho beginning of 18S7 thut ho formed/ his - THIRD ADMINlfcTEATlON, ? during which tbo chief moiourcH were:— The1 Act repealing tho ad valorem duties, tho Naval! Forces Act, tho Railways Act, tho Public! Works Act, tho Chintme Immigration Act, and t the Act which constituted tho Buar.l of Water) Supply and Suwmi/ro. lluch timo was lost in [ discussing, in connection with tho Centennial l'uvk, 11 proposal U- eioct u Stato Ilonso, nnd in connidering1 another proposal for appropriating to Now !-outh Wales tho namo of Australia. During this administration tha contenary of tho colony wan celebrated with great e:Ut. Thu Ministry went out of oflico in January, 1889, in conteqiionco of tho Assembly carrying a mutiiin for udjimrcmont moved by 'Mr. J\ II. Want to enable him to complain of tho appoint ment of Mr. Fehon to tho position of Railway UommiKHoner under thn Railways Act. After a brief Dibba interregnum, Sir Henry's FIFTH AND LAST MINISTRY was formed in 1S89. Tt win cbi.ily noticeahle. for a reform in the Land law, and for thef Paymont of Mombors Act. During it Sir Henry, win had been irade aG.C.M.G., 18S7, met with tho accident to which allus-iin hns already heen mode. Ho wotit out of oflice in October, 1S01, annoyed with the treatment he received fcom tho Labor Party. Siueu then he| has sat in Opposition. LAST ILLNESS AXD DEATH. Since April 9 Sir Henry wna ill, and for the week preceding hia death, all Australia had been watching at the great man's bedside. The latest bulletins were eagerly scanned and . the re-assuring news unfitted people to hear! on Monday forenoon that Sir Henry lmd diedl at ?! o'clock that morning. There wore no 'last words,' no scenes of sensational in terest. Tho attendants on the dying natesman— Lady Parkes, Dr. Maurice! O'Connor and Nurses Willis and Surtees-! |watched over him with all loving care and [diligence. SIR HENRY'S FAMILY. Sir Henry Parkes was married three times: (1) In 1835 to Miss Clarinda Varney, who died in 1888. Miss Parkes, one of the honorary secretaries of the Queen's Fund, her sister, and Mr. Varney Parkes, M.L.A. for Central Cumberland, are children of this marriage. In 1888 Sir Henry married Miss Eleanor Dixon, and she predeceased him, leaving issue several young children. The third Lady Parkes was Miss Julia Lynch, who survives. She married Sir Henry Parkes at St. John's, Parramatta, ou October 24, 1895. As issue of his first marriage Sir Henry had twelve children, of whom six survive him — Mr. Varney Parkes, M.P., Mrs. W. Thom, Mrs, George Murray, Mrs. Hiscox, and the Misses Annie and Lily Parkes. His second wife left four sons and a daughter. Sir Henry's third wife is left totally unprovided for, but there is no doubt that New South Wales will not leave her and her step children in want. The Late SIR HENRY PARKES, G.C.M.G. 