The Sculling Champion ship. STANBTJEY'S VICTORY. ' [London Times Julv 17.1 A sculling match which created a great amount of interest was decided on Monday afternoon between James Stanbury, of Sydney, New South Wales, and Charles Kicharcl Harding, of Chelsea, England. It was for the championship of the world, the Sporlsinan 200 guineas Challenge Cup,, and J£1,000, in addition to which the Anstralian was allowed £50 for ex penses. Stanbury is 5ft. lliin. in height and he weighed 13st, whereas tne Englishman is Gin. s .orter, and weighed 9st. 81b. Harding has proved himself a wonderful man for his size, and once only has he been defeated in a match, this being when lie met H. Follett, of Richmond, in a race for £'S0 in 1S90. Just previous to the latter contest he had brought his name before the public by winning the JB50 prize at the National Regatta, and since then he has met with many successes. His last races were against Tom Sullivan, the New Zealander, whom he defeated twice, once on the Tyne, and again on the Thames, each match being for £400 and the cham pionship of England. Finding he could not defeat Harding, Sullivan offered to match Stanbury against the Englishman, and matters were soon ar ranged. Stanbury was born in ltSGS at Peats Ferry, Hawkesbury river, and he commenced his rowing career in 1887\. In 1S93 after winning the championship of Australia Stanbury . went to America, and competed in the regatta at Austin, Texas, where he was twice defeated by Jake Gaudaur, and once by J. Peterson. From that time he worked hard at his trade, and it was not till the match under notice was arranged that he took to rowing again. On his arrival in England he weighed upwards of 16 stone, and his trainer, Tom Sullivan, had much trouble in getting his charge down to proper racing weight, three stone of superfluous flesh having to be worked # off in about ten weeks. Stanbury ap peared fit and well at the starting post. Harding, who is about the same age as Stanbury, never gets bulky, and had little or no weight to get down, but from the manner in which he k sculled on Monday he seemed to be overtrained, as he failed to exhibit that amount of dash which generally characterizes his rowing. The race was from Putney to Mortlake, and never on the occasion of a sculling race on the Thames has such a large crowd of people been seen ashore arid afloat. Stanbury took the lead at once and kept it all the way, winning by about thirteen seconds. . . : The winner is not the most finished sculler that we have seen, but he reaches out well, and is evidently possessed of enormous strength. At the present time there is a dearth of good scullers, so there does not appear much chance of Stanbury's having to defend his title in the near future. The Sportsman says :—' If, as his Mends .averred before the race, Stanbury was not within lengths of his form, then, in the zenith of his fame, he: must have been, a marvel. Stanbury knocked 13sec. off the record: which Barry established from Putney to Hammersmith As a matter of -fact, Harding never once looked dangerous, arid, had Stanbury been pushed he could, on the fast flood, have easily established a record for . . the whole distance. ? Stan bury. ..was, the nominal; favorite, but for money Harding was really in better demand. Harding' won the tosg;and chose the Surrey side of thb'rivpt\ ; It was , a splendid start, Stanbury 'pulled 18 in the opening half minutie to Harding's 17. Every time Stanburv diDned his sculls he drew awayfrom hia opponent at a rats that could hardly be credited except by those who saw it. At his twenty - seiond' stroke Stanbury had accom plished the extraordinary feat of putting daylight between the boats. Harding succepded in overlapping Stanbury ngain before Alexander's was reaehed, but Stanbury drew away again. At the Thames Rowing Club sheds Stanbury crossed over to tlv Surrey side, and gavn his opponent the benefit of his wash. Harding rowed a plucky race to the finish, but never had a ghost of a chance. Stanbury won, easing up, by six lengths. The winner's time was 21min. 51sec, the loser's 22min. 5sec. Amongst tlio^e who witnessed the race from one or other of the accompanying steamers were Sir William Windeyer, Mr. Jack Beale, Joe Thompson, and Mr. S. E. Lees, M. L. C. The betting at the start was 11 to 10 on Stanbury, bufc ere the competitors had gone a quarter of a mile no one would accept tens against Harding, and. an offer of 100 to Son ? Stanbury, made as the scullers approached Hammersmith Bridge, met with no response. 