Edward L. Blanchard, the Author. In his early days Elward Lamen Blean chard, the author, had a hard struggle for life, and had to 'resort to many shifts to earn a few shillings. On one occasion he ventured to remonstrate with a newspaper proprietor on the smallness of his salary. "I don't dispute it, sir," was the reply, "Yen send me a great deal of copy for fifteen shillings a week. It is small pay, but so regular I" In the early" forties"-Blanohsrd was born in 1S20-he was induced by a small printer and publisher in Holywoll Street, named Bostook, to write him a novel. The venture was not unduly lucrative. " On a certain Saturday," we read id the recently. published "'Life and Reminlscences" of Blanchard, "Bostook entered the room in which the author was hard at work and, with a rueful expression of countenance, said, ' I'm going to take a great liberty, but oueld you lend me a little money? I want only a pound. My paper.morchant wants something on cooonnt, and until I pay a trifle he won't send me the ghost of a quire.' The historian of Barnwell's perfidious coings informed Mr Bostookthat he was 'stumped.' ' Have mercy on me, Mr Blanohard. You don't know the straits of mercantile men. You're at work in your shirt-aleeves; let me have your coat and waistcoat to raise a few shillings on them. Sparks will soon close his warehouse, and, if I don't work to.morrow, we can't get the novel out next week, and I have no paper at all. Your thinga can be taken out a little after six, as my boy Ezekiel is going to bring home some money.' The author took off his waistcoat, and then Boatock hastily re marked, 'I am ashamed to make such a roquest, as you are so kind and affable, but could I beg your boots too? With an illustrated Bible up- stairs and your things, I can easily get the sovereign.' ' Have you a pair of slippers ?' 'No; but there's an old rug in the next room. Can't you rest your feet on that! Ill have everything out at the time I've named.' 'Well, don't spoell the ship for a ha'porth of tar I' laughingly exclaimed the author. ' Mind, boots, waistcoat, and coat by a quarter-past six, as I have to get up to the Yorkshire Stingo to hear Bob Glindon and Kitty Tunefall sing.' Boatook went away, and some time elapsed before he appeared again. His demeanoar was miserable in the extreme on re-entering the room. "Bean a long time, Mr Boetook. How have yougot on!' ' Awful, sir ; everything seems to go wrong Sparks took the sovereign which I raised, but won't send any paper. Ezekiel has been disappointed, and I'm without a shilling. Is .here anybody you know that would advance a trifle? I'll go with pleasure, I want a trikr so bad.' ' Mr Bostook, let u have no trifling. Go and get some meney, and let me have my clothes.' ' I could if I had five shillenge, Things are awful to contemplate. If Sparks had sent the paper, some of it might have gone for work. There's a man who would lend me half a sovereign if I paid him back a crown I'm in his debt. He lives in Newcastle Street. As a last resource, Mr. Blanohard, will you let me have your trousersforan hour! Not longer. A crown will set me free till Ezekiel comes back from Cripplegato, where he's gone for five pounds. Let me have the trousers for an hour I' ' Do you think that I am going to be played with asy longer! My difB. oulties have always been great, but I'm not going to fight this ridiculous situation in a state of semi.nudity. Go out and get relief somehow.' The hours railed on, but no Bostook appeared, and the end of the matter was that Rlanohard had to pass the hot night in the printer's stuffy little office." 