Sermon. Jonah's Kesolve. By Late Bet. C. H. Spuboeoy. Then I said, I am cast out of Thy sight; yet X mil look again toward Thy holy temple.— Jonah fl. 4. hirst in the text, we hare the verdict of j sense. Sense hurriedly decides, I am cast I oat of Thy right/' It is noteworthy that •unbelief is always first to speak. Whenever; David observes, "I said in my haste," you J will nothe that something is to be confessed which was unwise and untrue. -Unbelief cannot writ—it must have its say; it blabs out all its silly soul at its earliest opportunity. Xn your own case, if you can be calm and patient, you will speak to God's glory; hut if you are hasty and petulant, and must needs talk as soon as ever the trial comes upon you, it is almost an absolute certainty that you will say what you will be glad to unsay. Our hasty words are often dipped in wormwood, **"1 handed back to us that we may eat them. Hold thee still a while, my brother; or, if thou must speak, speak to thy God,.and not against Hun; speak to thy God, and not to thyself. This verdict of sense was apparently very correct. "I said, I am cast out of Thy right.*' Did it not seem 60 ? Jonah had tried to get away from God, and God had •pursued him with a tempest, and almost broken the ship to pieces, in order to be at him. As the result of the tempest he had been bailed into the sea, and in the sea a great fish had swallowed him, and he had been carried down till the floods' compassed him about. Did not ell his surroundings. confirm his suspicion that he was a castaway f Could he expect ever again that the wend of the Lord would come to Jonah, the son of Amittai ? Could he hope ever again to stand with the joyful multitude that kept holy day in the courts of the Lord's house, or to present the sacrifice of thanksgiving upon Jehovah's altar? No. If he judged by nis feelings, he was shut up to the conclusion which he expressed. Yet it was not so: and therefore I invite those of you who have begun to judge your God by what yon fed, and by what you see, to revise your judgment, and in future to be very diffident as to your power to come to any just conclusion as to God's dealings with you. Thank God, you will be wrong if you despair. It is much better for you to show your frith "by relying on your God than to display your folly by saying, "lam cast out." As this verdict of sense seemed to be correct Jonah must hare felt thai it was assuredly deserved. If the Lord had dealt with Jonah according to his sins, he would have been a castaway. He had hurried to Joppa, and taken a passage in a riiip to go to Tarshish, or anywhere rise, to flee from the presence of God. Now, what was a fitter punishment for hjtn than that he should be cast ont from the eight of God ? Had not this been liis inquiry at Joppa, "TVhither shall I go from Thy Spirit?" Was not this his demand, 11 Whither shall I flee from Thy presence ? " Now he has his answer,—he is carried down till the depth closed him round about. waywardness had come home to him; he had been paid in his own coin; and what could Jonah feel hut that he was filled with his own ways ? Had he died m the sea, he could not have doubted the Lord's justice. This must have made him doubly sorrowful; a guilkf conscience is die sourest ingredient of all. When each wave howled in Jonah's ear, "You deserve it," he was in an evil plight indeed. Observe that this verdict of sense, "lam cast out from God," was very hitter to Jonah. You can see, by the way in which he speaks, that it is a heavy burden to him, and yet it seems strange that it should be so. Here is a man who, when he was in a wrong state of heart, sought to flee from the presence of the Lord, and now that he think* he is away from God, he is filled with horror and dismay. By this we know the children of God even at their worst estate. Oh, you that are the people of God, yon may some times in your wilfulness wish that you could get away from the all-searching Eye: hut ii you could do so, it would be hril to you. Ii you are a child of God you must dwell in Hi* Sesence: it is your life, and you cannot be ppy anywhere rise. The light of Hi* countenance most be light to thee, or thou must walk in darkness; thv music must come from Jesus' lips, or else there is nought foi thee but wailing and gnashing of teeth; thj heaven most be in His embrace—there is nc heaven risewhere for thee. -• Thus I have brought out somewhat the .force of this verdict of sense, " I am cast onl -of Thr right; " but I want yon further tc notice that it was not tone. There wat .ground for grief, hut not for tins despairing inference. The verdict was not sustained bj sufficient evidence. It "was a great deal! more than Jonah should have said: "Iain! cast out of thy sight." What, alive in the I sea, Jonah! alive in the deep! alive in the! belly of a fishI and say that you are cast out from God's sight! Surely, if God was any where in the world, it was in that'great fish. Where else could there. have been surer proofs of - present power and Godhead than in keeping a man alive in a living charnel ? There was a constant standing miracle for three days and nights; and where there is a miracle, there is God most visibly seen. There is a text that Jonah could never have heard, which I commend to you against the time when you; get to be where Jonah was. I do not suppose you ever will be buried- alive in & fish literally; but you may spiritually sink as deep us the prophet did. What is that text? "Him that cometh to Me J will in no wise cast out." He will never, never cast out a single one that trusts Him. So that if ever you should be in a condition which seems to you quite as forlorn as that of this prophet in the midst of the sea, yon may yet be sure that you are not cast off, nor cast out. Follow me, dear friends, and may the Lord make it profitable to you, while I dwell npon the resolve of faith.* Oh, that the Holy Ghost may vrork'in us "like precious faith " with Jonah. " let," says Jonah, " even if I be cast out, I will look again toward Thy boly temple." Jonah was a man of God, when he was in his worst state of mind. At no tzme was the eternal life quite extinct within him. An ugly kind of stunt, this Jonah, when he was in the sulks—a proud, self-conscious, wilful, and morose being, hard to love I Yet, as an oyster may bear a precious pearl within its rough shell, so did the harsh prophet contain within his bring a priceless jewel of faith— faith eminent, triumphant—faith of the highest degree. This faith put him upon prayer. The chapter begins, "Then Jonah prayed unto the Lord his God out of the fish's belly." Jonah had not prayed when he west down to Joppa. He had taken the management of himself into his own hands, and referred nothing to God as to that rash voyage. How could he pray in such a temper?" When the sea began to work and was tempestuous he was in the sides of the ship, but he did not pray; no, he went to sleep. His con science had become stupid and seared as with a hot iron; there was no prayer in him, but a certain numbness of mind and lethargy of heart. And cow he gets into the fish's belly—a very dose, dead place, where one would think he would lie in a state of coma, or in a sort of fainting fit, if it were possible for him to live at all; yet there he begins to pray. You will find God's children praying where you thought they would despair; and, on the other hand, you may discover that they do not pray where you thought they would abound in supplication. " Oh," says one man, " if I could have my time all to my self, and had not the worry of this family and this business, what a deal of time I would spend in prayer!" Would you? I would not guarantee your abundant devotion. Some of those who have least time for prayer, pray most, and those who have most opportunity and everything congenial, are too often found to be most slack in their petitions. One of the surest evidences of a living faith is prayer. If thou canst not do anything else, thou canst pray; and if thou be a child of God, thou wilt as surely pray as a man breathes or as a child cries; thou canst not help it. Prayer is thy vital breath, thy native air. Whether on the land or or in the sea, prayer is thy life, and thou canst not live without it if thou be indeed born from on ihigh. I beg yon to notice, however, that this faith of Jonah showed itself, not in prayer to God in general, but the passage nmB, " Then Jonah prayed unto the Lord his God." There is a mint of meaning here! If you go up-l stairs and pray to God as everybody's God, I you have done what every Jack, Tom, j : and Harry may do; but to go to your ! closet ana cry to the Lord as your own God, is what none but an heir of graoe can do. Oh to cry, " My Father and my Friend! My God in covenant! My God to whom I have spoken years ago, and from whom I have beard full many a time! Thou whom I lore! Thou who lovest me! Jehovah, mv God !" * This laying hold upon God as our own God is a busi ness which the outer-court worshipper | knows nothing of. Have some of you got a God at all? "Oh," you say, "I know there is a God." Yes, Iknowthero is a bank; but does not make me rich. What is your God tome? I want to say, "My God," or I cannot be happy. Have yon a God to | yourself, all to yourself; for, if it he so, you will prey the prayer of faith when you draw near to Him, and this will prove that what ever your condition may be, you are not cast ' out from the right of the Moist High Then I want yon to farther note that faith btcm mmA ♦/* fi/wl trifii a "Tflf." Jrmah dares come to God with .a "yet." Jonah said, "Yet I will look again .toward Thy holy temple." Faith in lier "worst circum stances trusts to God. Clog" her, load her, drat her up, yet she looks to God alone. 0 God I I trusted Thee once when I was hut young and I felt zuy need of a Saviour; I come to Thee then and I looked to Jesus, and I found peace at once. With new weights and fresh encumbrances I do to-day what I did many years ago—I throw myself on Thee,. my Lord, and trust in Thy matchless plan of salvation through the precious blood of Christ. According to the Hebrew, the word should be rendered "only" instead of "yet." " Only I will look again towards Thy holy temple."' Faith looks to God only. Faith comes alone to her God, and seeks no company to keep her in countenance. • "When wo were first saved, it was by faith only, and we must be saved in the same way still. Jesus only is our hope, and only will we look to Him. If you have lost some of your first light, look again; look towards His holy temple at once, and the light shall surely return to you. Look! look to. Jesus! "There is life in a look." There is heaven in a look. "Look unto He, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth." Look! If thou canst not go forth to fight by faith, stand still and look by faith. If thou canst not declare the glory of the Lord, ye look. If thou canst not tell what God hath done for thee, yetkeep thou still looking by faith to see what God will do for thee. Bear friends, even if you forget all the rest of my text, remember tboso two words, "Look again." If any of you are in sore trouble, I will bid you go home with only these two words ringing in your ears, " Look again! " If you did look once, but have fallen into new darkness, look again. When we are at our worst let us trust with unshaking faith. HecoQect that then is the time when we can most glorify God by faith. To believe in the promise of Gpd, as you read it in His Word, is a grand thing; to believe it, though you are sick and sorry, though ready to die—this is to glorify the Lord. Brethren, if I live I will believe the promise, if I die I will believe the promise, and when I rise again I will believe the promise. Let us resolve to believe though the world be in flames and the pillars thereof are removed. Let us believe though the sun .be turned into darkness and the moon into blood. Let us believe though all the powers of the earth be marshalled in fight, and Gog and Hagog gather themselves together to battle. Let us believe though the trumpet sounds for jndgmeht, and the great white throne is set in the open heaven ? Wherefore should we doobt? The covenant con? firmed by promise and by oath, and ratified with the blood .of Jesus, places every believer under tiie broad shield of Bivine truth ; • and what cause can there be for fear? O my hearer, believest thou in Christ? Bost thou trust thy God? If thou canst stand to that, thou art not only a saved man, but thou already givest glory to God. So may Ho help thee to do 1 Amen. 