CATHOLIC, THE CARDINAL AT THE C ATHEDRAL, CHARITY TO ALL. THE REUNION OF CHRISTENDOM. The Cardinal- Archbishop preached b.t the Pontifi cal High Mass in St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday last. His Eminence, having read the Gospel of the Bay, said : — The coming of the Holy Ghost on the first Festival of Pentecost was the crowning grace and perfection of the Incarnation of Our Lord and Saviour. On Calvary Our Blessed Redeemer offered the infinite Holocaust of His Divine love. He ?came in triumph from the tomb, and-, after commun ung with His Apostles and establishing His Univer sal Church on earth for all time, ascended glori ously to His Father in. heaven. What, then, remained to complete the great and Avonderful work of Divine love and vwercyr' The Holy Ghost descends ?on the Apostles, according to the promise of. Our Lord. ' These things have 1 spoken to vou, abiding with you. But the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, vyhora the Father will send in. my name, he -will teach you all things, and bring all things to your imind, whatsoever I have said to you.'' Our Divine ?Saviour had opened Heaven to us ; the Holy Grhost viomes to guide us on our pilgrimage. Our Divine Saviour opened to us the fountains of His grace and love and mercv : tho Hnlv GVmat. r-.nmpR t-.n ir-:ui t.ho children ?of God to satiate their affections at these living waters. Our Saviour, returning to His heavenly throne, had said, ' If any one loves Me, he will keep My word, and My Father will love Mm.; and we will come to him, and will finake our abode with him' ; the Holy 'Ghost descends from Heaven to abide with the Church and with the children of God. Thus were the sacred promises of Our Lord fulfilled. In this mission of the Holy Ghost three special gifts were imparted to us. The Holy Ghost came to enrich our minds with the lessons of heavenly wisdom Our Saviour had unfolded ; to impart strength and ?courage and grace so that we might conform our lives to those Divine lessons ; to enkindle in our hearts, and to keep ever alive within us, the flame of Divine charity. The lessons of Divine wisdom are to the spiritual world what light is to the material world. In the world around us light is the symbol of all that is fair and fresh and beautiful — it is the centre of the manifold blessings bestowed by God. It is light that crowns the smiling valley, the golden harvest, the orchard laden with richest fruit, the garden radiant with choicest flowers. In the spiritual world light is the symbol of Our Blessed Lord. Around Him are clustered all the blessings, all the treasures, all the joys of the true life. He is the Light. Let them picture the natural world with light withdrawn. All that is now most pleasant, full of brightness, beauty, and fragrance, would be changed to chaos, confusion, corruption, and decay. In the spiritual world this was not an empty dream of the imagination — it was a sad reality. Without the light of God's love all was deepest gloom and desolation. Almighty God imparted to man the xauiunce uj. xij.h kj wh giury. xi man. iosi, uus mnun tance of Divinely- given grace and intelligence, he became a dreary waste of spiritual decay. Before the coming of Our Lord, the greatest philosophers of Paganism, amid the encircling darkness of their unhappy state, cried out, ' Only a light from heaven can be a blessing to us.' Our Saviour was that Light —He came to illumine and to gladden the world, and East and West He poured forth the rays of His love and charity. If they asked that morning what were the lessons of Divine wisdom taught by our Saviour, the answer might be briefly made. Our Lord had made known to us the innniteperf ections of God, His infinite greatness, His infinite power, and His infinite glory. Still more, our Lord had taught us that all these Divine perfections were ruled and guiueu. oy mnnite love ana mnniie mercy. vv e are taught our true destiny — we are taught that we are not lilies of the field nor beasts of the field, but children of Our Father in Heaven. We are taught that wayward children, though we may be, Our Heavenly Father never ceases to love us — that He never ceases to impart, even here on earth, the riches and treasures of Paradise to all who love and serve Him. The Holy Ghost preserves these Heavenly gifts for us untainted and uncor rupted till the end of time. One of the special gifts of the Holy Ghost is the courage and strength to conform our lives to the sacred lessons taught by Our Lord and Saviour. We need those strengthening graces at the present dav. siirrminripri aa wf- nrp W pnpmips ™hn wmilrl rob us of our faith and of our eternal inheritance. Almighty God, filling us with the spirit of the Holy Ghost, gives us the armour of Heaven and His own Divine strength to conquer all the foes that beset our path to Paradise. Our Lord had said to the Apostles, 'Fear not, I have conquered the world.' This was a pledge that the Divine arm would sustain them, as it had sustained the prophets and patriarchs of the Old Law, while they accomplished great things for the glory of God. The Apostles, humanly speaking, were weak and trembling, shrinking almost from the shadow of persecution, but when the Holy Ghost came upon them in tongues of fire they went forth from that upper room in Galilee — fearlessly went forth to the world to preach Christ, and Him cruc ified. So, too, in the early ages of the Church, the heroes of tie faith, filled with the spirit of the Holy Ghost, fared all the corruption and all the persecution of that cruel age, that they might preach the truth and glorify God. In the same manner the first missionaries of the Church went forth to meet the Barbarians and to make them children of God. In our own day do we not see the gifts of the Holy Ghost perpetuated jiii. liiu uuiiLiu^ y-t;ai, wig blue t;uuiagc, and the complete self - sacrifice of the countless missionaries who, going forth as heralds of redemption, are devoting their lives to the winning back to God from Paganism of many fair countries? Many of these heroes of the faith have won the martvr's crrvwn. In this missionary zeal we have the perfection of sanctity, the perfec tion of courage, and the perfection of charity which are the gifts of the Holy Ghost. Thanks be to God, those blessing* which descended through the Holy G-host on the Ar-Oitles during the days of Penter.cst have never ceased to abound in Holy Church. But why, assembled as they were that morning on the Festival of Pentecost, should not each one present search his heart and ask, ?? Havel enriched my soul with those priceless gifts?' With the. perfection of sanctity and tn& perfection °* cn.rtrifcy established by the Holy Ghost, and en r.iChed us they were by all the other blessings and gifts of Divine love, it was not sufficient that they in these daya of difficulty and danger should con tent themselves with what might be called the hum 'dru'm occupation of saving their own couls. it was their duty to perfect themselves according to the spirit of the Holy Ghost, and to conform their lives to the lessons of heavenly truth and wisdom taught by our Saviour, and perfected by the com ing of the Holy Ghost on Pentecost. It was their duty, too, to lead others through the paths of truth to the fountains of everlasting life. As they v/ere all children of Christ, they must love one anothor ; and tho wondrous love of our Saviour must be their type of charity, and their model in extonding charity to those around them. One feature of this charity he desired to specially mention. It vras that they should extend their charity to those not of the Catholic faith. One of the most distin guished statesmen of our own time had given ex pression to the sentiment that ' to serve Christ and Ghri3tianit)r was the most heroic deed that a man could accomplish in our day.' He (the Cardinal) wished that these words were emblazoned in every Christian household throughout this fair land* It might seom strange that when he urged them to love their holy faith and to show courage in defending it, he should say they must love those who were not of the fold. He did not wish his words to be mis understood. If they looked around them they saw on all sides those who misrepresented Catholic teach ing and misinterpreted Catholic practices — those who calumniated the Church and assailed its principles. Was it anv wonder, then, that manv educated amidst these mists of prejudice, and amidst the en circling darkness of these calumnies, should wage war against the Church ? He was speaking of those who were not themselves really hostile to the Church. Perhaps it would be more correct to say that they waged, war not against the Church but against a phantom set up by enemies, and presented to the world as the Catholic Church. Only a few weeks ago a Protestant Bishop in England, in his charge to his clergy, said that the Roman Catholic Church set the Pope on a par with the Blessed Trinity. The smallest Catholic child could have told this Bishop that such teaching would be regarded by us as blasphemy ; yet such blasphemies were set forth by many as if they were the true teachings of the Church. Had they not among themselves heard these things a thousand times ? Had they not been told quite recently that they adored the Blessed Virgin ; that they gave her the homage and ? adoration due to God alone ? The Church, through her prelates and priests, had repudiated this a thousand times ; yet even now, in the pulpit and in the press, and by leaders of Protestant communions, this old calumny was revived and repeated, But these attacks were really not on the Church, but on a grotesque phantom set up by its enemies. Catho lics should not, therefore, blame those who attacked this phantom believing it to be Catholic doctrine and Catholic teaching. They were really our brothers in arms, one with us in spirit, and were fighting with us the battle of truth and of faith in fighting this phantom of false doctrine. In doing so they were really serving the cause of truth and the Church. Catholics should love them, and should pray that God would send them the grace to see the beautv of Catholic truth, and that lie would lead them into the fold of the One True Shepherd. It was for this that the present illustrious Sovereign Pontiff, Leo XIII. , addressed that beau tiful Encyclical Letter to those not of the faith. The Holy Father invited them to enter into the reunion of Christendom, he invited them to learn the true teaching of the Church of Christ, and to come to the tiue fold to receive the kiss of peace. It should be the fervent Catholic prayer during these days of Pentecost that Almighty God would bestow His blessings on each and every child of Christ, that He wouldpreserve the Divine Truth in their minds, and give them the courage in their hearts to emulate the heroism of those who had suffered and triumphed for the faith in the past ages of the history of the Church. It should be their prayer to God to keep burning in their hearts the tire of Divine charity. They should pray to the Holy Ghost to descend upon them, and to give to all who bear the Christian name the grace to know and the strength to serve God. They should pray that God would in His all-embracing love and mercy gather all Christians into His fold, so that all might become one in faith — that all might receive with the kiss of peace the promise of eternal life from the great Shepherd of Souls. 