THE 'HBBALD' AND THE OAMOTAL'S PASTORAL. The Herald, om Saturday, acting the ' outside critic ' on the Cardinal's assertion in his Pastoral—' that it is the Catholic Church alone that claims to be ^/Jowed with an infallible authority '—would ekim a similar property for the' Protestant Churchy While we delegate the right of interne, tation to another, the Protestant stakes his f religious faith on the Bible, The solitary student, however, who .consuls friff more or less critically perfect -edition .of the Scriptures to draw a rule of life and code, of belief from them is as satisfied of his JnfaljiibJe authority j as any Council that ever sat. Of the merits of this position, as compared with the . ^Catholic's, the Herald will not pronounce But, having stated the fact, concludes : ' What the probabilities are on one side and the other is likely to remain a contro versial question.' Two questions occur here to any thinking mind — (a) is every Protestant a solitary student ? and, (b) granting that he is, what of his infallibility? Now, it is difficult to believe that Protestants draw their code of belief from the Scriptures. If only those who have proved it believe Christ's divinity, we fear there are but few believers. If those only will remain Protestants who shall prove to themselves that the Bishop of Rome hath no jurisdiction in this realm of England, it is no prophecy that the reunion is at hand* Religious faith never staked itself on the Bible ; Augustine did not call on the Anglo Saxons for a show of hands as to the meaning of the rock of the Church ; or, if he did, we imagine they knew little about it. It may be said they had an inspiration. ' This is a hard saying.' More easy is the other, that they were taught by the Apostle sent them. If the masses are to have a faith they must be taught it. They have neither time nor opportunity to prove it. If children and youths are supposed to be Christians they must be taught, being unable physically to decide for themselves. It seems consistent with Protestant principles to exclude religion from the school. His faculties being as yet undeveloped, a youth's mind should not be warped to one side or the other. Making every allowance for the Bible mania, Protestants as a body are no ''solitary students,' The masses follow 'authority. They do not read our condemnation in the sacred text. They delegate the right of interpretation^ their respective churches. Now, what of every man being infallible while he reads, granting that he did so ? Well, if every Protestant .be infallible, we fail to see how the Pope alone, of all men, must be fallible. There is, then, an awkward predicament — two infallible authorities in contradiction. It does not need a philosopher from Heaven to tell us this thing cannot be. Either the Pope must yield to the Protestant tailor (we do not use the name in any sort of contempt), or vice versa. Now, viewing the matter fairly, and considering their natural attainments and supernatural char acter, we believe the candid Protestant would pin his faith to the Pope's interpre tation of an uncontroverted passage of Scripture rather than to that of his co religionist. JVf.any writers tell us . of the seventy interpreters, pf the Old Testament being placed in .seyjenjty separate cots in the Island of Pharos, agreeing to the letter, ;in, their Greek translation; being inspired, by the Holy Ghost, Now, where is this unity among our Protestant interpreters ? Luther rejected St, Jameg' Epistle as a work of straw, yet to Calvin it was a divine book, Colenso denied even the human authority of Scripture; yet these three are all in fallible. The various shades of Protestantism differing on fundamental articles cannot be all true. Private inspiration, as it is called, is npj; a fact. Here, too, has been a source of select hallucinations. ' The fact is, James Naylor','' writes Milner, ' like so many other dupes of a .supposed private spirit, .fancied himself to be the Messial}, and, in |this pjharacter, he 'rode into BristpJ, ' his disciples spreading their garments' before him, and crying, Holy, Holy, Holy 1 Hosannah in the highest \v These aberrations are, however, in no way necessary for our argument. All Protestants, then, claim to be infal lible. Few only of them use their privilege, and these miserably contradict each other. Among Catholics there is only one. man that cannot err ; neither does one Pope anathematize his predecessor. We omit the trite objections about Lirerius and Honorius. These are the respective posi tions. There is an old axiom — Entia non sunt multiplicanda sine necessitate, Let us, then, be content with a little — an infallible Pope, an infallible Council. We ask for more than is necessary if we would make inerrancy a universal attribute of Christians, and facts plainly condemn us. 