SHORT STORY v :0 ' ' ' - i' \- THE MISER'S .HOARD. iFor many years old Simon Grates had bupied a tumble -down old bouse in one of b narrow streets which are to be found in at part of the borough which the hand of idem improvement was still left untouched.. grimy, ailapidated building, the glass and 3 upper windows of which were nearly all ittered, while the door was utterly devoid paint ; and Curing a high wind the slates .mid whirl off the roof to. the extreme ; nger of the passers-by. Bat for all its ety appearance the old house in Grime- r eet was a perfect fortress. The door was ited with iron, and had the newest and. . ist effective lochs ; the lower windows were' arded with massive iron bars, and if an ruder had contrived to . gain admission by . ) roof he would have found himself con- nted by a strong brick wall; which .irely shut off the upper portion of the ise from the lower. Many gentlemen in i burglary line had found Miser Grates' : o too hard a nut to crack, and had retired, : fled, from thB attempt, iimon Grates had done well' to take the =: cautions he did, for the report of his vast ; umulation of wealth of. all' kinds, was lely Bpread throughout "the neighbour- . sd, and had not his house'.: been a parfect: .. tress it would have been broken into ra- :. .tedly. . t would be hard to say what Grates' busi- s was, or, rather, what it was not, for here was a penny to be made, by any-- ag he was ready and willing to become the < ohasor. Che old man lived entirely, alone with his . incl-aaugiiter, Frudenoe -.Hatwell, '. the ban child of his only daughter, who had 'n dead tor many years. .'rudenco was a tall, slender girl; with asing features, and manifested a strong jiing of afieotion for her grandfather, (jpite of his occasional harshness towards : :Prue,' said the <?ld man one evening,' as <sat over his scanty meal of dry bread a rasher of bacon, ' I think I am go- i to give up business and retire into the 'jntry.' jl am afraid the country air would give a tremendous appetite,' remarked the man, with a suspicions glance at his id-daughter. ' And I am very poor, you >w.' . :Bufc then we can live for a mere nothing the country,' returned the girl, 'and ak how nice it would he to live out of gy London.' People don't live fur a mere nothing any- 3re, Prue,' retorted the old man, ' but at > rate we are going the day after to- uirow. A little cottage near Uxbridge came 3?my hands some years ago, and as the Jt is just dead I may as well occupy it as jt it to remain empty.' -ie's face fell. ' That is rather a sudden je, isn't it, grandfather !' said she. A,' Bnarled the old man, 4 you are think - of that fine sweetheart of yours, Joe : iy. Well, if he wants to see you he can "'down to Uxbridge ; the walk will stretch ga a bit.' lie won't mind that a bit,' answered 1 1 'hut he needn't walk: he can come 'fiin.' h, young people are fonder of spending \- V than of earning it,' remarked Simon 33 ; ' but, mind yon, there is a good deal -finable property in this house, and I T.to tell you where to find it. I feel very 1 to -night, and if anything happens to- lo you go to Sharpies, the lawyer in i .Jn's Tun Fields, and he will tell you 7 thing, for you have been a good ) me, and will have the little I leave be- : i me.' lv Don't talk like that, grandfather ; you i ;e me feel quite frightened,' remarked S: -fence. . ; Take this paper,' said the old man, 'ding her a torn piece with some writ- i; >upon it, 'join the bit Lawyer Sharpies !: give yoa to it, and it will explain every- Hush,' exclaimed Prudence, suddenly, is that sound again which I heard i ire.' : .oth listened intently, and then a sudden h of falling brickwork in the npper part ; aehou33 made them both start to their : he old man made for a drawer in which .: :lways kept a loaded revolver, but before ould reach it the door was burst open, \- ;a man, rushing into the room,, struck ! ar Grates a blow on the head; with' a life.i s erver which laid him dead' upon the f. i-ftth a wild shriek Prudence grasped ! murderer's arm, and as her eyes- fell fiis face she saw that he wore a black i: k. !: : ith a fierce oath he disengaged himself again the deadly weapon rose and fell, £ Ickmg Prudence across her grandfather's y.'T. ii , didn't want to hurt the girl,' muttered i- man, ' but there was no help for it. Now, v ae sea what there is to he found in the i; of a Bwag.' i ae search was not a successful one, for i; >nd abont twenty shillings woith of silver S; a few coppers nothing of value was dis-. 7 red, and with a savage oath he began to .,' ack the adjoining room. , i ae same result evidently attended this I ch, for in about half an hour he; returned c a with a dark frown on his brow. 4 I t : k I have settled the; pair of them "for -ling,' growled he. 'What's this bit of a ;r in the girl's hand?' he added, as he t! ped and took it up ; 'a preoious lot of t orish it seems, bat I will look at it when -u away. Cursa the fellow for bragging b it the valuables in the house. I have been v oughly sold, and had better get away he- Vj harm comes to me.' V e made his way upstairs, and creeping V- ngh a hole he had pierced in the brick \ , which ran across the upper portion of lG .house, gained the roof and disappeared b. id darkness. b was daylight before Prudence recovered senses, and then, in spite of the cruel K; . she felt, she contrived to crawl to the a t door and give the alarm. rhen the neighbours came in it was found A the old man was quite dead, and Pru- je was so injured that it was necessary to K ove her to the nearest hospital. She had, ever, the presence of mind to ask the 31 je to communicate with the lawyer whose ( e her grandfather had mentioned; and he \- : care that the house, should he placed in b; nands of a trustworthy caretaker. l.e, or nearly three weeks Prudence was un- .l3j to move from the hospital, and when she " so her first visit was to Sharpies the per, who said : ' There is certainly a will -our favour, hut where the property has to I don't know.. . There is about three dred pounds in the bank, so you will be a' jnd the reach of want "for the time, but Grates ought to have been worth at least 'a .housand pounds, b >e Varley had many interviews with his -itheart, and they often talked together y. : the mysterious robber who had so. nearly %a two lives on the : night of the bur- ious entrance into the' house in Grime- fit. ' "- xamination of the premises had shown f he must have got into an empty house f » three doors off. Ho had ascended to >ioH-e and srot into tho miser's domicile '/ugh the dilipidated roof. Finding an f'-vlo in the brickwork built across the v >r storey he had deliberately gone to work ierce it, and when the task was con- \ cd had made his unexpected appearance, . . :;h Lad been attended with such fatal foanences. ; 'rue,' said Joe Varley ' do you know ; sometimes I feel responsible for. a good -i of what occurred in Grime-street. Goodness mo, Joe, what can you mean ?' i-ticd tho girl. 'You will make my d run cold if you talk so.' ' Why, you' see, Prue, a lot of fellows at ; our shop' (Toe was a foreman . in a large, printing establishment) ' got to chaffing me, and telling me that iwas going to marry the grand-daughter of a. millionaire, and one day at the pub, where I go to get my snack in the middle of the day, a seedy- looking chap came .up, and, after making himself precious agreeable, asked me a heap of ques tions about yon and yonr grandfather and the house and such like,- mid I, like a fool as I Was, let out all I knew, and a great deal more, perhaps, for he. had given me a glass or two, and that set my tongue wagging.' ' Oh, Joe,' exclaimed the girl, perhaps ijj was the burglar after all; they say tha4 they go abont trying to find out what houses are worth robbing. Anyhow he did not get much, though he robbed me of that precious scrap of paper grandfather had just given, me ; and the piece Mr. Sharpies has is no use without the one I lost. I cannot make head or tail of it. Here is the copy of it ; let us see if you arer olever enough to solve the riddle.' She extracted from her pocket a piece of paper upon which were written these words : raid of being robbed, and valuable's in a safe'plaoe, 'myself, in my cottage at TTx cellar and measure twelve corner, then dig three a small box made of i the Ley, by my will it is ' "Web., this is a precious hard nut to crack,' remarked Joe, afteijhe had read the document over two or threee times. 'The "one thing .certain -is that. there is something- in a cellar, hut where I can't say.' ' Why, at "Oxbridge,- of course; what am I . thinking of ?' exclaimed Prudence, sud denly ' we have pever: seen the cottage that poor grandfather spoke of. "I shall go down and look for myself.' . ' I move an 'amendment,' remarked Joe, slidinghis arm round her waist, ' suppose we get married first, and then we can go down there and never come hack any more.' ' "What do you mean, Joe ?' returned the girl) a bright blush Buffosing her cheek. 'Just this, Prue. "You see, if you never get any more money you are quite a little heiress. I have saved a bit too, and this very morning I got an offer as foreman in a large printing establishment in that Very identical Uxbridge, and so; if you will- agree, the cottage will come in very handy; and after work we can have a hunt after grand dad's treasure-' r After some, slight demur Prue yielded. Mr. Sharpies handed over the keys of the cottage, and one afternoon, after a visit to the parish church, the young couple started away for Uxbridge, from which point they intended to commence their matrimonial cruise. Thecottage wasa very pretty one,. very, decently furnished, with a nice garden at the hack, and various outbuildings, which they had not expected. All at once Prue gave a little scream and clung tightly to her husband's arm. ' There , is a horrid man following us. I am sure he is dogging our footsteps. I Baw him outside the church, then at the station, and here he is again.' Joe turned quickly round, and an angry flush rose to his face. 4 Well, I'm hanged,' exclaimed he, 'if it is not the chap that pumped me so dry about grand-dad's affairs. Here, mister, I should like to have a word with you.' The man, however, did not appear desirous of accepting the invitation, hat pushed his way through a gap in the hedge and sped aoross the fields at a pace which defied pur suit. ' I'll just go to the police station and give them a hint abont that gentleman,' muttered Joe, ' for his conduct strikes me as just a little suspicious.' For a week, however, the young married conple. were disturbed by no unwelcome in truders, hat though the attics, and indeed every room in the house, had been thoroughly examined, no sign of Simon Grates' hidden treasure had bean discovered. Joe had now Bettled steadily down to his work. One day, as Joe returned to his home, he found his wife standing pale and trembling in the poreh. ' What ails you, my girl ?' said he, going up to her and putting his jarm around her ; 4 you look white and scared.' 40h, Joe,' she murmured, between her sobs ' he is down there.' 'Down where?' asked her husband, in much surprise, 4 and who is he that is down there ?' '.Grandfather,' answered she ; 'I went down to get some wood, ana - there he was standing, in the right hand corner.' I flew upstairs again and did not dare remain in the honse, 90 I waited until yon came home.' ' Why, you must have been frightened at a shadowj my dear,' returned Joe, endeavoring to reassure her, though in. his heart he felt extremely uncomfortable. 'I will go and see what it is.' He went down the little flight of stairs, hut returned again in another minute, with his face perfeotly livid. 'You were right, my girl,' faltered he ; ''and agj. don't like such visitors I think we had best clear ont.' 4 Where is. it now ?' asked Prue, with a shudder. 'In the cellar, and likely to remain there,' returned her husband ; 4 for I shut the door after me and drew the bolt.' As if to contradict his assertion the shadowy figure of Simon Grates stood before them, looking exactly as he did m life, and well. There was something mystic and in tangible about him. He crossed the room to the fireplace; stooped, and appeared to touch the heavy poker, then, moving to the window raised his hand in a gesture of warning, and, melting away, vanished before their very eyes. 'Weill I am glad it's gone,' said Joe, wiping his perspiration from his forehead. ' But, Prue, my girl, what ails yon ?' Prue indeed was nearly fainting, and it was some time before the attentions of her beloved husband could bring her round. Hus band and "wife both agreed that the appear ance of Simon Grates spirit meant some thing, bnt what that something was they were unable to determine. As for searching the cellar to see if the ghost had left any -indi cation of the reason of his visit neither Joe Frne felt the slightest inclination to venture down to those regions, and it -was only after a hearty supper had in some way diminished their supernatural fears that they ventured to creep upstairs to bed. Joe, however, could not. sleep, and long after Prue had sunk to slumber he lay tossing about, expecting that something would hap pen, though ho would have been very much puzzled to prove what that something was. ' All' at once a slight "grating noise fell upon his ear," whioh appeared to come from the room below. When he had no supernatural foes to deal with Joe was as brave as a lion.. 'That is a glazin' diamond,' muttered he,; as he rose stealthily from his bed and pulled ; on a pair of trousers ; 4 some cove is putting , a pane of glass out of the. parlor window.- How sweet are the pleasures of the country; — no troubles or worries, nothing" but bur glars and ghosts, and, of course, they are4 not worth mentioning.' ! With that thought running through his brain he cautiously descended the stairs, and, entering the parlor, saw a .figure in the act of getting through the window, the latch of - which had been drawn back bv means of the removal, of a pane of glass. "Casting one glance at the intruder to make sure that it was not Grandfather Grates come to pay a second visit, Joo made a bound for the poker, and brought it down with a heavy thwack upon the burglar's shoulders,' and then, as the man, with an exclamation of pain, dropped on the floor, he dolivered an other blow upon tho head whioh laid him senseless. The noise alarmed Prue, . who . hurried down-stairs, just in time to see her husband securing the robber's hands in a most artistio manner with a piece of rope which he had J fetched from tbc-.kitchn. _ | The man was hituib-il over to tho polio 1 and proved to.be. a well-known burglar, for whose apprehension a roward of £50 had been offered,, which, much to Joe's delight, wa3 naid over to him. As he returned from giving his evidence he found his wife dancing about the kitchen, waving a scrap of paper hi her hand. 4 See here, Joe,' cried she, 4 that bad man must have dropped this. Ho was the robber, that murdered poor grandfather, and, doubt less, he followed us hore, thinking that we had fonnd the treasure which he failed in discovering. Head this.' "Without in the least understanding her J oe took the paper, and, with a very puzzled ex pression of face, read;the following disjointed sentences : I have always been af so have hidden all my whioh is known only to bridge. Go down to the paces' from right hand feet, and you will find ron. My lawyer has all for Prudence. ' Why, the, chap must have escaped from a lunatic asylum to carry such rubbish about with him, exclaimed Joe, impatiently. 4 What does it all mean ?' 4 Yon silly boy,' oriedhis wife, 'have you' forgotten tho other scrap of paper? Here; join the two together, and see what yoii make of it then.' He did so. and his face brightened up. as he read as follows : _ . I have always been af-raid of being; robbed and so have hidden all my- valuables in a safe plaoe, which is known only to - myselt, in my cottage at Uxbridge. Go down to the - cellar.ahd . measure- twelve paces from right hand - corner, then dig three feet, and you will find - a small box made of iron. My lawyer has - the key, by my will it is all for Prudence. 4 Where are you going ?' said Prue, as, after reading the paper, Joe made a bound for the garden. 4 To get a spade,' returned he. 4 Whether grandfather is there or not, I am going to have a look for that there iron box.' The receptacle was found in the spot de signated, hut there was no occasion to apply to Lawyer Sharpies, for the key was in tho box, and not only was there a goodly stock of gold and bank- notes within, but several magnificent diamond and emerald ornaments which, doubtless, Miser Grates had, at some time or other, picked up a bargain. The little scrap of paper, though it did not produce a capital conviction, sent the burglar to penal servitude for life, so that the young, couple were not likely to be troubled by his visits again. As for the spirit of Miser Grates, it did not put in a second appearance perhaps "from not being able to find its way to the fine large house to which Joe and Prue removed shortly after they had been lucky enough to discover the Miser's Hoard. 