THE MERCURY. ' BOBAXT: TUESDAY, DEO. 15,1896. EPITOME OF NEWS. Launceston aldermen began their new term of o'ffioe yostenUyby a foolish squabble, Derwent and Tamar Assurance Co. pays a dividend of 2s. and bonus of Is. per share. Disastrous bush fire at the Huon. Mr. Louis Beltz, sawmill destroyed. 'General matting of Hobart Cyclists' Asso- ciation at Coffee Palace to-ntght. Adjourned meeting in reference to Gar- rison sports at drill yard this evening. Cost of working the Hobart hospital in- creasing and receipts decreasing. Cake and Apron Fair at the Temperance hall to-day, in aid of the funds of the hall. The s.s. Silver Crown, accompanied by the Bellerive Band, makos a moonlight excursion this evening. Customs returns for week ending December 12:-Hobart, £2,599 3s. 10d.; Launceston, £2,783 5s. lOd. A district Nursing Association for Hobart «Vas i formed last ovening-an. organisation said to be greatly needed. , ' John Samuel Stockman committed suicide at Launceston yesterday, impollod by melan- cholia. ,. I i Meeting at Launceston to-morrow aftor- I noon to devise means for relief of Penghano I sufferers , ' Vivian Larchin Butler, solicitor, was yesterday suspended from practising as a t solicitor for six months. Applications for office of Government, i Geologist and Chief Inspector of Mines, ( Tasmania, close to-day. ' Drapers and Grocers Assi-tants' Early | Closing Association concert at Temperance- ¡ hall to-mbrro« evening. _,_,." , ¡ Cinématographe matinee at Theatre Royal to-morrow afternoon, and concert by the Ne*bury-Spnda Company, , , Newbury.-dpada Company and the Ciné- matographe again attracted a very large house at the Theatre Royal. t Mount Lyell Co. have, at request of local Progress Committee, forb dden any re- building on, or occupation for living purpo e» of, any portion of their reserves at Penghana Penghana people burnt out on Saturday havo been all well housed, and the local Relief Committee bas up to yesterday col- lected £100 for ths destitute among them. Eastern affairs hastening to a climax. Black plague has made its appearance in London. Indian rolicf works now keeping 331,700 natives from starving. Electric wave transmission of messages is being perfected for practical use. World cycling record put up by Hale, of New York ; 1,911 miles in 142 hours. , Gas to be reduced to 4s. 3d. per 1,000ft. in Sydney. Rev. A. Gilchrist, LL.D., of Sydney, has died from paralysis. ? Cuban« assert that their late leador General Maceo waa basely entrapped and murdered by Spaniards. ., ., J Venezuelan agitation concerning terms of treaty with Great Britain likely to be soon pacified.' , German Reichstag opposes increase of subsidy to steamsrs trading to Australia and the East. Spain accuses America of keeping the Cuban rebellion open by aid of filibustering parties, V.R. Club has dropped heavily en to tricky racing mon, e pecially in connection with the Perturbation case. Steamer' Warrnambool from London, via Capetown, reported off Cape Borda, on Sun- day, under sail, having lostpropeller. Views of New South Wales Premier on Queensland attitude concerning Federation given in this day's cables. Opinions clashing in Capetown as to re- ception to be given Mr. Cecil Rhodes on his return from Rhodesia. . , Dalgety & Co. report good competition at Melbourne wool sales yesterday, and prices well maintained for Merinocs. Tasmanian topped the market, ' Tenour of speech made in French Charabor of Deputies on naval estimates shows Unit Great Britain is regarded as a probable an- tagonist of France. ONE of the Sydney papers, ia answer to a number of correspondents, has authoritatively announced that the Federal Council is a failure. It says that the Council was formed in the hope that it would gradually lead to complete Federation, but it has led to nothing, and is unworthy of any further trouble. This pronouncement, which is on a level with all that this and other Sydney papéis have written about the Federal Council and even about Federation, is another example of the " pure cussedness "which is the bane and the destruction of the federal movement. Most persons are supposed to know that the only reason why the Federal Council did not have a fair field was, that from the Very first New South Wales, prompted by »its politicians, of whom Sir HENRY PARKES was the most prominent and mis- chievous, refused to have anythiug to do with it, which refusal it has per- sisted in to this very day. The reasons given for that refusal, it will be remembered, if politicians have memories, were so absurd that they would not bear examination, and have been dropped out of what we may call pure shame. The reasons non put forward are quite other than those which were urged at first, though, probably, the newspaper writers and politicians do not know it, for they vacillate from almost day to day in a manner which shows that there is no real, earnest desire for Federation in any shape. This much is, indeed, admitted by the very paper to which we refer, the confused writing in which accurately represents the confused state of public-opinion in the Mother Colony. It admits that the public is apathetic. It has made the remark- able discovery that there are obstacles to Federation "which are gradually being made known," an utterance which shows how hopelessly flabby its opinions on the subject are, and does indicate, we believe, the general public sentiment in New South Wales. If our readers will consider this business for themselves for a short time they will see at once how discreditable the actual state of affairs is, and how it points to an absence of that spirit by which difficulties are overcome, and nations made. The question is, clearly, too big for the people who have to deal with it. They bring to its consideration the sort of spirit which would be hardly creditable if the question was one of uniting two or three municipal districts, and cannot be got to see that their little diffi- culties and troubles aro simply absurd and disgraceful wbeu introduced into a discussion on so great and moment- ous a subject. Men of ability and true patriotism know that there are things which should not be said as well as things that require to bo said, and they never show their greatness and their patriotism so much as when they refrain from starting difficulties Now, if we look at what has been done in regard to Federation, we shall discover that a certain set of poli- ticians, mainly in New South Wales, have from the first thought more of themselves than the great subject in band. Sir HENRY PAHKKS marte Federation subordinate to his political aims, and others have fol- lowed his example. But, before that | the whole of the politicians of New South Wales had cried out about the Federal Council, on the plea that their colony, might be outvoted, and I have something imposed upon it hy- the other 'colonies which it did not want. Obviously, if that or any other colony goes into a federal union of any kind it may not get its own way, but to urge that as a reason why there should be no federal action is, of course, a pure absurdity. The truth is, that the men are not great enough for the subject. We have bigness, but we have not greatness, and we are trusting to village politicians to create a nation. 1 The last discovery is a very Striking proof of this unfortunate fact. Several leading politicians have do clared that they must have all or nothing. They are going to have a complete and perfect- Federation, or ¿hey are going to remain as they are. Not only that, be it remarked, but (¡hey mean, they tell us, to bave Federation on their own terms, that is, with their particular methods of choosing th'e-members of the_Legisla- ture, which they intend to insist upon. What does all this show but that the 'men are not strong enough for tho position ? If we compare them with the mon who made the Federation of the United States, we shall at once be struck with the reticence of the latter, who laid aside all other ques- tions except the great one which they had in hand. This is the sign of strength and capacity. History shows us that the incompetent and the in- capable keep on fighting over their particular differences when a great subject has to be dealt with, because their own little fad is as important to them as the salvation of a people. They lack that most important of all senses, the sense of proportion. There is nothing uncommon in this, for history is full of examples, but it is-a sure sign that the right men are not at the head of affairs. We learn this from the fact that no effective public opinion has'been aroused, for all the fine professions at Bathurst and else- where do not amount to a formative power, and this is because public men have not put a large, clear, simple fysue to the people, and declared they, themselves, mean to stand by it. ? In Great Britain there is at the present time a growing belief that a crisis has come about in the history qf the Empire, which will have to be ojetennined in one way or another within the present century, or early in the coming one. The belief is, that something must be done towards Im- perial Federation. That movement, however, is closely bound up with the Federation of the colonies, for unless they can act together, there can be no imperial union even of a very modest character. The subject of Defence is the prominent one in connection with this movement, and it is expected that some sort, pf united policy shall be adopted within a few years. For tbis reason alone, not to mention many others, some sort of uniouof these colonies is not only desirable but necessary, so that we may be said to be face to face with the question of united action on certain subjects, as an imperative necessity. This is whatLird BRASSEY sees clearly enough, and is the reason why he keeps on crying out "do what you can," because he knows, none better, the possible dangers of the situation. This should be a reason, if we were dealing with competent and reasonable public men, why the Federal Council should be used to bring about a beginning of federal action, pending the solution oí the difficulties which clearly staud ia the way of a" complete union of the colonies. This is what really capable and patriotic mon would do at once, setting aside their own par- ticular desires as of no account in the presonce of 'a great necessity, but that there is no hope of this being done is the sad and discreditable feature of the position. A GREAT deal has been said about Maria Island in some of the recent election speeches, and some explanations =have been made in reply to those speeches, but the actual state of affairs has not been made plain yet. As the matter is one in which the public estate of the colony is concerned, it seems but right that the public should know what are the facts, and these have not yet been stated by the Minister of Lands or anybody else. Leaving out of account sundry financial arrangements which are known to have taken place between 1885 and 1893, it is admitted that in the latter year the lease was transferred by Signor Bernacchi, who steems to have had possesion all the time, to three trustees namely, Sir James Fergusson, Sir Andrew Clarke, and Sir Edward Braddon, who were to act as trustees of a company that was never floated. As the conditions of the lease were not complied with the lease expired in 1895 and though a claim for two years rent was made by the Government no rent was obtained. This would seem to bring the whole business to an end, but it has not done so, and this is where further explanation in the interests of the public is required. For, it appears that the trustees of a company that never was in existence claimed the right to and did select 500 acres of land, and their names appear as the selectors on the Government plan at the present time. This selection was made, we are officially informed, in virtue of the expenditure of a certain sum of money, as provided by law, but it does not appear that these trustees spent any money. Not only this, but these same trustees, as may be seen by the Government plan, applied for and selected another 500 acres, but have not, so far, made good their application. All this time we are dealing with the trustees, who are the only persons known to the Government, but suddenly when the £2,000 are to be voted Signor Bernacchi appears, and is taken to be the actual holder of the land. Now, we have a right to know how he becomes the actual selector and not the trustees, seeing that their names are on the plan, and whether he is to get the two selections in virtue of having spent a certain sum of money, or whether there are others concerned in this complicated piece of business. The terrible fire fiend is a gruesome guest with which to usher in the Christmas season, and though it is so much in evidence just now in the North and in the West of the island, it is to be hoped that, through due precautions being taken, the colony may be saved any further addition to the long list of disasters which now have to be recorded from this source. The worst feature of these catastrophes is always that those who are least able to bear the losses to which they are so suddenly subjected are usually those who have the least provision made for compensation of any kind. This is terribly the case in places like Penghana, where all are deprived in common of the ordinary necessities of daily life, not only of food and clothing, but even of the shelter which the general inclemency of the weather io the district makes so imperative. In these respects, of course, the Government can fitly step in and do something, but it will also be felt to be thoroughly in harmony with the time of peace and good will if some more extended aid could be given by private hands, and from purses which, although already burdened by the reverses of recent months and the calls of the pro sent, may still be able to find a mite to cheer the saddened hearts. It is nothing that the structures were in many cases I only makeshifts. Thoy were the all of I the owners, and being the all the loss is as great as if it were a thousandfold the value of what has vanished. Of course, to be effectual what is to bo dono must be done at once. The relief, to bo efficacious, must be sent to the scene of the disaster without delay, and this is the principal fact to bo horne in mind. Miners are proverbially plucky, self reliant people, and a very little timely assistance, promptly rendered, will soon lind them on their legs again. A QUESTION has been raised in Victoria which may lead to the opening up of a disoussion which was a very lively one1 some years ago, and to which we referred yesterday. When the Consti- tution Act Amendment Bill was sent up to the Legislative Council in Vic- toria, the question was asked whether it had been passed by a two-thirds majority of the Assembly, as required by the Constitution Act, and the reply was, that there was no rertilicato> that this had been the case. As tho Bill is one which confers the franchise on women, it is, of course, a most important alteration of the Constitution, and, therefore, _ requires to be passed by a two-thirds majority. On behalf of tile Ministry the reply was made, that there had been a great deal of looseness in dealing with such Bills, and, further, that the law officers would adviso the Governor as to whpther the bill had been properly passed or not. And here arises the old question, namely, whether a Governor is absolutely bound by the advice of his law officers. In the famous Higinbotham days the con- tention of that irate gentleman was, that a Governor was like Sir Joseph Porter and m ust never think of thinking for himself at all, but if his Ministers told him that white w as black he was bound to believe that it was darkness visible. This contention, it is true, did not then stand the brunt of dis- cussion, but was knocked into what is called a cocked-hut, but it is plain that the question will be raided again, and will have to be finally determined some day. For, it is evident that if the law officers should be corrupt or incompetent they may give an opinion to the Governor which is contrary to the Constitution Act. so tlmt a corrupt Ministry can make that Act mean what it pleases. We have seen something of the kind in this colony on one occasion, but in Victoria some years ago there were law officers who were avowedly prepated to give any opinion that suited the Ministry of the day, and an Attorney-General who did not dare to ofier himself for election, and thus lind not a seat in Parliament. The question is one that touches the very foundation of our system of government, and will have to be fought out eventually, since the British system, which relies on the honour and ability of law officers, may be inapplicable to other countries, and even to Great Britain herself under new conditions. CHRISTMAS NPMBKR OF " THE TASMANIAN MAU»-The atteution of agentáis directed to an advertisement appearing io another column as to s-nding their inetruotiens at once to tho offioo for a supply of copies of the Cnristmas number of The Taimanfan Mau. Intimation is »Ino given that copies will be posted to any address on receipt of the usual price of the paper, together with the postage. Satin day next is publishing day. TESTAMENTARY.—The following pro- bates and letters of administration have been issued :—Probate : Martha Allen to the Tasmanian Permanent Executors and Trustees Association Limited, £3,499. Letters of Administration : Jacobina Thompson to Robert William Arthur Thompson, £175 ; George Christian Fran- cis to Grace Adelaide Francis, £131. SPRING BAY DISASTKB RELIEÍ FOND,-We shall be «lad to acknowledge receipt of any nuins which may be sent co the Commercial Manager of this office iu aid of the abnv,. Tne following amounts have beon received : Total previously acknowledged, £103 18s G.I. Addit onal donations-V V, 5s,; Ceoil Ander- son, £1. Mr. Mnloihy ha» rouoived £2 2ä. from the lion, W. Crosby ; Kobe, (.'. Read, Redlands, £1. Mr. W. P. Brownoll informs us that a similar accident to the recent disaster occurred at Spring lily ia 1845. Ile was on Maria Island at the time an'l saw the boat go down. About six men were in tho boat conveying mail J from the mainland to the island, and they were all lost. It is also n remarkable coincidence that in that oase the boat was a makeshift one,' and her unseaworthiness probably ac- counted for the accident. THE FIRE AT PENGHANA.- The HOD, tho Premier, Sir BJ wai d Braddon, bas ordored tho immediate issue of 50 tenta and 230 liUultotB for the shelter of the sufferers by the recent disastrous coofligration. . The Union Steamship Co. kindly consented to convey thone articles free of freight, and despatched them by their steamer lust Bveuiue.. The mojoiity of tho residents of Penghana hud received notice from the Mount Lyell Co. to quit their pro>ont hold- ings, as they were «ittiiu the company's I rcservrs, and too close to the smelting works to be healthy, BO that they will not be allowed to re-erect their buildings on tho old sites. lu order to give them every assistance [ponsible in «electing new sites, the Survey Department has telegraphed to the District Surveyor at Quocnstuwn in- structing him to at once survey a number of frosh allotments adjoining the Queens- town township. Tbete will be open tor purchase by the sufferers on long oreciit. In the meantiino temporary uaoointnodation for pitching tents, «to , will be niven by the department, but it mnst be understood that this give» tho squatters no vested right in the land they may happen to oocupy. Mr, I«, Shaw, the Corr.midsiouer of Police, re- ceived yesterday a telegram from Supetiu tendent Heribert, who is now at Penghana, »tating that thu h .melele had biei well housed, and that thu belief Committee had Collected £IGO for the reiiuf of tne destitute. SERIÓOS Ben« FIRE AT TUB HUON.-Ibe Publio VVuiko Department has been informed that a bush fire on Saturday night and 8uuday morning at the Huon destroyed u sawmill, some 2,500 fruit cases, and a large stuck of timber on Chitty's-road belonging to Mr. Loáis Beliz. Also one mile and a halt of woolen tramway, and an engine shed. The engine in the shod wai somewhat damaged, but it was nndnr purchase from the Gnvermment and was ' insured. It is understood that the other property WSH uninsured. For good trade Grocers should keep only WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SKU-KAISINQ FLOUR, A TASMANIAN VOCALIST.-.The following paragr\ph uppearrd in the Sydney Evenin;/ New» of tho 7th jost. ;-" Mr. Fred. Ralfe, a tenor vocalist new to Sydney, contributed twosolos.moirjinganJ . vouiug.atbt.Patriok's H. i. Church. Mr. Rulfo mug BO admir- ably as to receive the mont cordial con- gratulerions and thanks from the priests of bl. Putriek'eaud many of the vast congre notion, wini wore delighted with his efforts," W o o D ' s AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISING FLOUR, Made only from the Finest Farts of Wheat Sold everywhere. WI:SI,KYAN CHURCH, NEW TOWN,-A benefit coocirt will bu given in the Wesleyan Suud-iy-suhoolroom, New Town, this even- ing, when a number ol' ladies and gentle- men, whono names are giveu elsewhere, will assist. If you are thirsty,' drink CASCADE DANDE- LION ALK. I PoitooL CÏWJIRATIONÎ'.- SVe MO prepared, I as usual to give spaoo lor oonoisii reports ul Christmas sohool celebrations, fong'hy reports need not bo expected. Detailed particulars of pr¡*° distributions will be clmreed for at advertising nita». SDNWOUT YEAH BOOK, 1897.-Mr. E. A. Jackson, of 73, Klisaboth-itroot, sends us a oL'py of this publication. As tho iiiinio implies, it is an advertising medium for llio oolehrated "Sunlight Soup" Co., but it fulfils a great many other useful miaulons. It is » vatic mecum replete with calendar »nd data for 1S07 and 1808, a hont of well com- piled information upon almost uvery im- portant subject, and an array of household facts, rooipes, hints, and wrinkles wluoh will make it a sourco of interest and perennial reference in every home wherein it finds a plane. Moreover, it ia illustrated with piotures, and is sold at a nominal prioo which covers only a miuimum of its actual oost. The supply sent to Hobart is likely to be eagerly suappnd up. CRIMINAL CALENDAN. - Tho Crimlnul Court will ait to-day at the Courthouse, ('«mpbell-atreot, the Chief Justice und Mr. Justice Adams presiding. The following is the aalendar :-John Sykes, forgery und uttering ; Frederiok MoVilly, indecent assault ; Henry Pharaoh, larcouy ; Kdward Conley, larcony of pino logs ; William Thomas Brooks, indocont assault ; Richard Corcoran, larceny ; John Edward Hell, perjury ; Edward Roucndale and Daniol Bat ker, assault ; Johu Vernon, larceny and receiving ; Arthur Ryan, forgery and utterlnp, CotJUT OP BFQOKSTS, - Tha following esses were dealt with by Mr. Commissioner Shaw at this Court yentorriay :-Neoaon v. Drake: Mr. \V. Stophens (Stephen and atopheos) for plaintiff;,Mr. Perkins (Perkins and Dear) for defendant Cliim for £10 for servioos rendered. Judgment tor de- fendant. ¡Sargeant v. Mcpherson : Mr. L. Dobson (Dobson, Mitchell & Allport) for plaintiff; Mr. Ihbott K \V. Westbrook) for defendant. Claim for £2 Os. 6d. for rent. Judgment by consent for plaintiff, aubji'ot to the amount boing settled by the Registrar of the Court. Young & Co. v. Harwood : Mr. Perkins (Perkins & Dour) for plaintiff*; Mr U. J. Evans for dé- tendant. Claim for £2 12s. 7d. for nooda sold aud delivered. Judgmont for plaintiffs. Crrv PoLtGK Cooivr. -Tho Mayor (Hor. J. (J. Davies) and Alderman Seabrook, J, P., presided yesterduy. Joseph Uentloman, oharged with being drunk and incapable iu Krinbano-Btreet on the 12 Ii iust., was dis. charged with a caution. Mary Ann Millard, cinvioted of disturbing the penco iu Hathuist- suoet, was similarly dealt with. John Sullivan, found guilty of being drunk and incapable in Murray stroet on duoday, atked tho Mayor to bo leiiicut, but it was pointed out that his offencu could not bo 1 overlooked as he had not only luokou thu I law himself but had caused % publioau to I commit a breach aleo. Kiucd Ga. or seven I dave. Á HACINO INCIDENT.-Tho turf in Tas- mania is probably as pure as that of auy of the neighbouring colonies, but that it ia not or waa not-wimont it« "black sheep" was sbown io the Court of Requests yesterday. A Tasmanian trainer tiwd a sporting indi- vidual well known on both Bides the Strait for trainer's foes, and in tho evidence it wa« alleged that the plaintiff had ngrued with the defendant that the fees payable BIIOIIIII ha materially increased if the trainer lost a certain race in which his mount was thought to be a "good thing." The race was lout, but all the money wis not paid, hence thu action. Tho C mmissioncr expressed wonder at the audacity of the party iu bringing tho eise before him. 11 o characterised it as a scandalous case, an agi cement to defraud, i and returned judgment for the defendant. ' COOL STOBAOE voa HOIIAUT.-What tho | City Council failed to do at tho urgent £ leisure of the proaent Mayor (Hon. J. 6 lavies), ia the chape of «resting cool storage, in Hobart, privato enterprise has now undertaken, tho prime mover being Mr. F. Pender. He is renting from the Corpora- tion six shops iu the market buildiug for the purpose, and already operations have been commenced for the carrying tut of this much deaired work. Ouo oompartment hus been insulated, and in another an ice tank, calcu- lated to hold 3 tons, iu in course of construc- tion. Hythe a s. Oonah from Sydney yesterday tbere arrived several paclcaqeB of machinery and a IS h.p. boiler, which «ill us nlucecl in position with despatch, Mr. Pender being anxious to got everything completed within the next few weeks. The compressor and engiue are of tho Herculoa type, and uro from the Clyde Works, Now South Wales. It is proposed to freeze fish, and keep on band a supply of ico, which, it is expected, will meet with a ready sale. Space will bo available for butchers and others ilesiroua of storing perishable goods during tim summer months. Sbonld occasion require the works can bo extended, tho machinery being of sufficient p.nvor to all >w of this beim! done. Cool storage and a ready supply of ice have been long-felt wants in Hobart, and no doubt Mr. Pender will meet with tho support his enterprise so riohly deserve». TnE rnoiT SEASON.-'Hie Sydney Tele- graph says tho present fruit eeasoa in New South vValos is one of tho most prolific in the history of the colony. Fruit was never BO plentiful and never to oheup. The daily scene at the fruit markets is almost bewilder- ing ; and growers und vendors are faced with the position of a glutted marker, and prices whioh are uupayable. Boxen ot penohes und apricots, containing from 701b. to 751b. of fruit, aro soiling at from Is. to Is. 6ri. per box as average prices, Nearly all other fruits are on a par. Jam faotorioa aro buy ins immense consignments of fiuit, mid pulping it. As a romilc of this position, a very larne number of thoso who aie direotly interested in tho fruit trade aro casting about for a means of improving the Flato of tnioRB, or, in two word», for a means of turning an nnpayable industry into a pay ablo ono. Some active Bteps are to bo taken lu the direction of adopting the co-nperalivo system, under whioh all «urplus fruit will be pulped and exported to England, wheio it is stated there is un excellent mark el. Tas- mania is cited as an example of a colony whioh is doing a growing trade with England in pulp fruit. Several members of tho Board of Exports havo visited tho fruit markets at the invitation of Mr. Jossep, M.P., and were greatly impressed with the necesiity whioh exists to improve tho con- dition ol the industry. Thuro is nothing comos up to our GlNOKn ALE.-Cascade Co. UEBWKNT AND TAMAR ASSURANCE COM- PANY.-The half-yearly mooting was held at the offices, Murray-streot, ut noon yostor ' day, and there wus a good attendance of shareholders, Mr. C. K. Walch in tho chair. Tue report of tho directors, and tho profit and loss account, und baluiioo-shout, wera laid before tho shareholders and adopted'. A dividend of 2<\- per share, and a bonus of le, per share, were doolnred. Tho retiriui» directors (Vlcssis. C. Harbottlo aad C. K. Walch), and auditors (Messrs. ii. L. Roberts and H. F. Bourne), were re ohcted. The meeting termiuitud with a cordial voto of trunks to tho direotors, tho manager, and otii'-r officers ol tim compauy. WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELF KAISIXO FLOUR. Tho best. Ali Respectable Grocers, I HESS BALL AND KANOY UANOINO.-Over 100 pupils of Mrr. E. A. Stacey were présent se a dress ball and exhibition of fancy dancing in the Tvtnperiince-hall laut ovening, whilst the balcony was orowded with spectators. Tim hall was liaodsomoly decorated for the ocoasion, an excellent programme being arranged, and all taking part seemed to immensely onjoy ihcmselvts. Autour tho fauoy dresses worn by member« of tho senior olass were:-Miss Connolly, who appeared as the Lady of tho Century ; Misses Frewen, Dora, aod '¿ina, in My Sweetheart ; Miss A. Griffiths, a Gipsy Fortuneteller ; Miss Crawford, Qalutna ; Miss Scanlon, Pai'k of Cards ; Miss M. Scanlon, Little Lord Fauntleroy ; Messrs. C. Davies, Pygmalion ; Ë. Newman, Tony Kaust ; J. Fuge, Cregun in the Colleen Baum; R. Newman, Han« the Uo-tman; Chitty,' Me ihis'cphelea; Loo Cronley, Clent Manago; etc, Som« of the mern hera of the juvenile olas« were also very prettily dressed, i'hn ball opened with an exoeedingly well-danoed mitiuot and waltz by the pupils generally. Little Miss Olive Nie lorn danced the Highland Fling and the tambourine danoo in a manner whioh elicited much applause from the balcony,;. Misses 'Braithwaite (3). »ud;D.u>y Spurling, the skipping rope dance; the juvenile class, lancers an-1 thoouypolod.ii.oe by the pupila, whilst Miss Amie Davies gave a graceful exhibition of the butteifly dance from the platform. Duting an interval Mr. Bibby stepped forward, and on behalf of Mrs. Staoey's numerous pupils presented nor with an ¡Humiliated aridrcs» and a handsome gold braoelet set with pearls, um id enthusi- asts applause. Mr. Stacey suitably re- turned thanks for the presentation. Mr?. Hanson catered, and the wholo function proved a great sucooap. Ask your Orocor for WOOD'S ADSTBAL ASIAN SKLF-RADSINO FLOOB. Take no othor. THE MONTGOMKKY TESTIMONIAL. - A public meeting will ' be held in the Hobart Stock Kxctungo to-morrow ovening to further the Montgomery testimonial fund. W. KING, Jeweller, of 74, Elizaboth street, Hobart, has romovad to a moro central position in Liverpool-street, next I J. B. Mather's, Clothiers, whore he willi open with a large assortment of new I Jewellery. | FISH ACCLIMATISATION.-Tho long con- tinued absenoo of rain has brought to a Îiromaturo oloso this year the annual ilistrl lution amongrt various lakes and rivers throughout the colony of trout from the » which the breeding trough* are supplied, had become low, and tho tomporatiire of tie water was raised to a point mora or lea« fatal tn the fry. The bilanoo of full remain- ing in tho hatoning-hnur-e had, therefore, to bo liberated ; and whilst the Derwent will havo r>ceivorl a largo number of youig 6ib other rivera and lakes that tho Ceminissiom ni lind intended stocking will have to wait until next Benson. rim DAMI'IPR COMI'ANV IN HOBART.-It is announced in another column that tho Dampier Company will aommenco a short driiinatio season tit the Theatio Royal on lloxiug Might. The first piece to be oro ducod is tho dramatised vol »¡cm of Rnll Buldrowood'a Australian novrl, "Rib bery Under Arma," in whioh Mr. Dampier ia to take tho part of Captain Mt irlight, which he supported at the Princess Theatre, London, during his recent visit tn England. Since his roturn Mr. Dampier has produced the piece with considerable success in Vic tori i, New South Wales, and Queensland. It is mountod in a very realistic stylo, Mr. Dampier is a general favourite with piny doers throughout these colonies, and is Bure to have a gund reoiiption iu Hobart. TEMPERANCE HALL.- At 3 r.n>. to-day » salo of sifts in aid of the Building Fund will be openod. A choice apartment of home-made oonfeotionery, etc., together with useful and ornamental nrtiules will be for disposal. Alt who are interested in the hall aro requested to give their patronage. TUE CHRISTMAS CAROL.- The maoogn ment of the charity entertainment to be held on Monday, in aid of the Benevolent Society, acknowledgo in another column the courtesy of Mr. C Davenport Hoggins and his committee Mr. Hoigins had, iu fulß' ment of a long standing ongngomnnt, pro- mised to give a rroital of Mnrley's Ghost on Thursday next, but finding that the date arranged anticipated the entertainment pieviously announced by Mestrs. J. It. Betts and F. P. Howden, h.io o lurtcously postponed bid recital till next mouth, in order that tho Benevolent Snoioty may rcceivo as much help na possible at a time when it ia so sorely in need as nt présent. REI.IKK CONCERT AT UOIIART. - Ou Thursday night a concert will bo gil ou in tim Hobart Town-ball in aid of tbu dis trcfs'd anil homeless. Telegrams received from Penghana announce that a large num- ber of victims havo lost everything they ptirtacBs. A widow und orphans havo boen added to tho list of eu0<'rers by the roi»ting alive of the unfortunate mun Thomis Brent, who was uoable to esoape the ravagcB of the fUmc. The concert to be given on Thursday eight embraoos sonto of tho bost looal instrumental und vocal talent, and should bo largely patromerd. Arrange- ments for the coucort are m the hands of Mr. H. K. Paokur, who will be assisted by a committee of ladies, with Mrs Henry Dobson at their head MAULEY'S OUOST.-This entertainment, to lm giveu by Mr. Davenport Hoggins, in aid of the Wetdeyan Diamond Anniversary Building Fand, hui been generously pnat piueil by the VVeoleyan bnrty until January next iu compliance with the express wish of Mr. Hoggin«, who desires that lhere should bo no chiall between his entortaiomnut and tho reading of tho Christmas Carol at the Town- hall in aid of the Bonovolenl Society. The Marley Ghott entertainment had been 'arranged for over 12 months, the present postponrmont is, thorefore, all tho more graceful act. CONOREOATIONAL ("HCROII, HUONVILLE - A jumble fair in connection with the Con gregitioDal Churoh, Huonville, will be held in Mrs. Walton's hall to-morrow afternoon. Pnzes will bo given for starching and iron- ing shirts, boot blacking, Bud reciting. The proceeds will be for the repairing of the ohurch. HUTCHINS FciiooL -The Hutohina School w li close for the Christmas holidays on Friday next, when a cake and produoe fair, and show of poultry and pets belonging to the boys will take place. The proceeds will be devoted to the repair fund of thoeohool. ART CLASSES IN Hon MIT.-It is notified that Mr. A. H. Fullwood, the Sydney artist, will visit Hobart at the beginning of Jinuary next, and will .form classes for outdoor skutohing and studio work. Infor- mation regarding them may bo obtained beforehand by intending students from the treasurer of the Art Society, Hobart. Mr, Fullwood has an excellent reputation as an art tenohor. EXCURSION TO BROWS'» RIVER.-The « p. Taranna will leave brooke-street pier at 6 o'clock this evening, under charter to Holy. Trini'y choir, for Brown's River, returning at 9.30. The fare is choap, and with a fine night the excursion should attract a largo number of persons, titees and part-sorgi will be given by the choir on the retain jonrney THE HAUU SYSTEM OK VOTING,- Colonel S» lull will explain the Haro system of voting at Ware-street schoolroom this evening. As tho system will be used in Hobart and Liunoeston at the approaching general electiou, instruction upon the sub- ject will be useful. , Tua CiNKMATOOBAnic-On Wednesday afternoon at 2.30 a special matinee will be given for -exhibition of this wonderful machine at tho Theatre Royal. Children witt be admitted for 6d. to all parts of the houBo. The Newbury-Spada Company will render en mo vory popular items. CHEMISTS' HXAMINATION.-We aro in- formed that Colin Brown, the only candidate in Southern Tasmania who succeeded in passing the ciiotnis'a' preliminary examina- tion, in a Bon of Mr. J, G. Browu, of Now Norfolk, and a pupil of Queen's Collego, Hobart. ST. DAVII/S MISSION.-A concert is to be given in the Synod hall, Harrington «trent, this ovening on behalf of tbo lund of St. David's Mission, Melville- stréet. A nu'mbor of ladies and gentlemen, among whom aro Archdeacon Whitington, Dr. W. Giblin, and Mr. Bradshaw Major, will assiit on the occasion. ~ , , , ' WOOD-1'AVINÓ IN LONDON STREETS.-At a special meeting of the Paddington Vestry, held on Tuesday, 3rd November last, it was deoided by a lurgo - majority to roscind a resolution pasted in February last to repave part of Edgware-road and tho whole of Praod-streot with Baltic yellow deal. It was tUtod that long cxpurieuoo of tho Bnft wood -yellow deal-hitherto unod in paving eight miles of tho streets of tho parish, and tho c&reful; ¡Dvesliuationu of a special committee appointed by the vestry to ascertain tho relative marita of hird and soft wood for road-makitig purposes, as practically tested in the metropolis generally, led the vestry to decide in favour of hard Australian wood us ultimately tho moat economical, and certainly tho most oleinly, sanitary, and durable. Its adoption, inrjtoad of deal blocke, in the paving of roads over which heavy and canotant vehicular trafilo passes would, it wus i xplained, obviato the neces- sity of frciuent renouais of muterial und interruption* of traffic, which not only entailed extra expense to the ratepayers, but grett inconveuienco to the travelling public -The Times. 