P H R O S O.* By ANTHONY HOPE, Author of "The Prisoner of Zenda." CHAPTER XXI. A Word of Various Meanings. She came up to me swiftly and without hesitation. I had looked for some embarrassment, but there was none in her face. She met my eyes full and square, and began to speak to me at once. "My lord," she said, "I must ask one thing of you; I must lay more burdens on you. After to-day, I dare not be here when my countrymen learn how they are deluded, for I should be ashamed to face them; and I dare not trust myself to the Turks, for I do not know what they would do with me. Will you take me with you-to Athens or to some other port from which I can reach Athens? I can elude the guards here; I shall be no trouble. You need only tell me when your boat will start, and give me a corner to live in on board. Indeed, I grieve to ask more of you, for you have done so much for me, but my trouble is great, and -what is it, my lord?" I had moved my hand to stop her. She had acted in the one way in which, had it been to save my life, I could not have. She put what had passed utterly out of the way, treating it as the merest trick. My part in it was to her the merest trick; of hers she said nothing. Had hers, then, been a trick, also? My blood grew hot at the thought; I could not endure it. "When your countrymen learn how they are deluded? said I, repeating her words. "Deluded in what?" "In the trick we played on them, my lord, to-to persuade them to disperse." I took a step towards her and my voice shook as I said: "And was it all a trick, Phroso?" For at this moment I set above everything else in the world a fresh assurance of her love. I would force it from her, sooner than not have it. She answered me with questioning eyes and a sad little smile. "Are we then betrothed?" she said, in mournful mockery. I was close by her now. I did not touch her, but I bent a little, and my face was near her. "Was it a trick to-day and a trick on St. Tryphon's Day also?" I asked. She gave one startled glance at my face, and now her eyes dropped to the ground. She made no answer to my question. "Was it also a trick, Phroso?" I asked, in entreaty, in insistence, in the wild longing to hear her love declared once here, to me alone, where nobody could hear, nobody impair its sweet secrecy. Phroso's answer came now, set to the accompaniment of the saddest, softest murmuring laugh. "Ah, my dear lord, must you hear it again? Am I not twice shamed already?" "Be ashamed yet once again," I whis- pered; and then I saw the light of gladness master the misty sorrow in her eyes as I had seen once before; and I greeted it, whispering: "Yes, a thousand times, a thousand times." "My dear lord," she said but then she sprang back, and the lightness was clouded again as she stood aloof, re- * [Copyright 1896 in the United States of America by A. H. Hawkins.) guarding me in speechless distressed puzzle. "But, my lord," she murmured so low that I scarcely heard. Then she took refuge in a return to her request. "You won't leave me here, will you? You will take me somewhere where I can be safe. I-I'm afraid of these men, even though the Pasha is dead." I took no notice of the request she repeated. I seemed unable to speak or to do anything else but looked into her eyes; and I said, a tone of awe in my voice: "You have the most wonderful eyes in all the world, Phroso." "My lord," murmured Phroso, dropping their lids. But I knew she would open them soon again-and so she did." "Yes, in all the wide world," said I. "And I want to hear it again." As we talked we had moved little by little, and now we were at the side of the house in the deep dull shadow of it. Yet the eyes I praised pierced the gloom and shone in the darkness. And suddenly I felt arms about my neck, clasping me tightly and her breath was on my cheek, coming quick and un- evenly and she whispered: "Yes, you shall hear it again and again and again, for I am not ashamed now. For I know, yes, I know, I love you. I love you; ah, how I love you." And her whispers found answers in mine; and I held her as though against all the world; and all the world was in that moment, and there was nothing else than that moment in all the world. And had a man told me then that I had felt love before I would have laughed in his face-the fool! But then Phroso drew back again; the brief rapture free from all past or future, all thought or doubt, left her, and in leaving her forsook me also and she stood again over against me, murmuring: "But, my lord-" I knew well what she would say, and for an instant I stood silent; the world hung for us on the balance of my next words. "But, my lord, the lady who waits for you over the sea?" And there sounded a note of fear in the softly breathed whisper that the night carried to my ear. In an instant, before I could answer. Phroso came near to me and laid one hand on my arm, and spoke gently and quickly. "Yes, I know, I see, I understand," she said, "and I thank you, my lord; and I thank God, my dear lord, that you told me and did not leave without showing me your love. For though I must be very unhappy, yet I shall be proud; and in the long nights I shall think of this dear island and of you, though you will both be far away. Yes, I thank heaven you told me, my dear lord." And she bent her head, that should have bent to no man, and kissed my hand. But I snatched my hand hastily away and I sprang to her and caught her again in my arms, and again kissed her lips, for my resolve was made. I would not let her go. Those who would might ask the rights of it. I would not let her go. Yet I spoke no word, and she did not understand, but thought that I kissed her in farewell, for the tears were on her face and wetted my lips; and she clung to me as though something were tearing her from me and must soon sunder her apart, so greedy was her grasp on me. And then I opened my mouth to whisper in her ear the words that would bid defiance to the thing that was tearing her away, and must rivet her life to mine. But hark! There was a cry-a startled exclamation and the sound of footsteps. My name was shouted loud and eagerly. I knew Denny's voice. Phroso slid from my relaxed arms, and drew back into the deepest shadow. "I'll be back soon, I whispered, and with a last pressure of her hand, that was warm now and answered to my grasp, I stepped out of the shelter of the wall and stood in front of the house. Denny was on the doorstep; the door was open, and the light from the lamps in the hall flooded the night and fell full on my face as I walked up to him. And on sight of me he seemed to forget his own errand and his own eagerness, for he caught me by the shoulder and stared at me, crying: "Heavens, man, you're as white as a sheet! Have you seen a ghost? Does Constantine walk-or Mouraki?" "Fifty ghosts would be a joke to what I've been through. My God, I never had such a time! What do you want? What did you call me for? I can't stay. She's waiting." For now I did not care; Denny and all Neopatia might know now. "Yes, but she must wait a little," he said. "You must come into the house and come upstairs." "I can't," I said obstinately, "I-I- I can't Denny." "You must. Don't be a fool, Charley. It's important; the captain is waiting for you." His face seemed big with news-what it might be I could not tell-but the hint of it was enough to make me catch hold of him, crying, "What is it? I'll come." "That's right. Come along." And he turned and led the way rapidly, through the old hall and up the stairs. I followed him, my mind whirling through a cloud of possibilities. The quiet business-like aspect of the room into which Denny led the way did something to sober me. I pulled myself together, seeking to hide my feelings under a mask of carelessness. The captain sat at the table with a mass of papers surrounding him; he appeared to be examining them, and, as he read, his lips curved in surprise or contempt. "This Mouraki was a cunning fellow," said he, "but if anyone had chanced to get hold of this box of his while he was alive, he would not have enjoyed even so poor a post as he thought his governorship. Indeed, Lord Wheatley, had you been actually a party to his death, I think you need have feared nothing when some of the papers had found their way to the eyes of the Government. We are well rid of him, indeed ! But then, as I always say, these Armenians, though they are clever dogs-" But I had not come to hear a Turk discourse on Armenia, and I broke in, with an impatience that I could not altogether conceal. "I beg your pardon, but is that all you wanted to say to me?" "I should have thought that it was of some importance to you," he observed. "Certainly," said I, regaining my com- posure, a little. "But your courtesy, and kindness had already reassured me." He bowed his acknowledgments and proceeded in a most leisurely tone, sorting the papers and documents before him into orderly heaps. (To be continued on Tuesday.), 