NOTES AND NOTIONS ... A. drop of ink Falling upon a thought mukuB thousands, May bo million! think. : " So," said ooo small boy in my hearing-.to "another,; talking ,of the Australian Eleven, " thoy woro play ing Lord Delley wor'a team." "VVIiere- upon tho pother small: boy replied, " Git out; it's Viscount Triiiutolope's eleven as licked 'em." ?. ? ? And concerning that licking many guesses are being " made. Perhaps it was due to that which mado a famous Singleton eleven of many years ago, which was hard to beat wlion away from' home,, almost .invincible on its own ground. -'Directly the visiting team arrived in Singleton: thoy were taken.by a generous cricketer to soo tho celebrated Bebeali vineyard and the cellar thereof. ? -. If, in spite of this, they showed.symptoms of being able to - play : a - good game, ..the same, generous host asked them if thoy Jiked honey. Those who said they did were assured that they did not reallv know -what honey was like unless they had Bom'e'of Singleton's. " Those who said' they did not were persuaded thivt to eat -Singleton honey would to a certainty overcome their prejudices. So that in any circumstances the honey got there all the same, and Singleton won tho cricket match. In tho present plethora ofJecturers and lectures it is interesting to notice that Mr Berry, tho ex-English hang man, isendeavouring to earn an income by lecturing. Not always with buc cess, Jiowover, as I seo that he was recently plaintiff at tho Bloomsbury County Court in an action against Messrs Hart, of the Marylebono Music Hall, where he had been giving a aeries ot lecture " turns." Berry said he was-engaged at £7 per week, but on tho first Saturday night ho was told by the defendant that he could pay him only £8 for tho fortnight. " There was then" a scene," added Berry, as he'pounded tho witness-box ?with his fist. " I told tho defendont plainly that unless he paid me I would pay him out." Tho Judge—Then you threatened your employer P Berry— Oh, no, that was only a joko. IDe feridant—You told mo if I did not give you your inonoy you tfould shoot mo. Berry—-Shoot you 1 I never carried a pistol. ? ? ? A cjso in an American civil court has let in some light on the methods of dramatic instruction or teaching people how to act. A New York playwright and teacher of tho art of acting has suod a Chicago millionaire, who had hired him to teach an emotional.actre?? how to act emotion?- ally, but who subseqnontly declined to pay. And_,this is how tho teacher said in his ovidcuco ho earned his money: " "Sven our best actresses havo bue set expression for each form of emotion'.. I compelled her to stand up, an 4 I.sobbed with her until I had no strength left, until I tore my hair and dug my nails into ,my flesh. I showed-her. tho full range—tho entire gamut-4-of emotion. I taught her boxing; wrestling, and foncing. I tried tot give her inside of two years as much instruction as others obtnined in 15. I acted tho part of Bill Sykes to her Nancy, seized her liair, pulled her around the room and boat her face upon tho floor until alio yelled with/natural excitement, and 1 told her that it was the natural right tone, aud to remember it." Both in Singleton and South Single ton ratepayers are unfortunately occasionally in arrears, and councils and council clerks at times pray for an.election or anything which will in duce tho payment o£ back rates. In this state of affairs the attention of both councils may bo directed to what tho Hurstville Council has done in similar circumstances. In Huratville there aro £1341 i of rates in arrear, and the borough council has ordered the purchase of a bicycle in order that the council clerk may hunt up rate payers whose names aro not gold, on the books. I venture to think thai tho appearance of tho council clerks of Singleton and South Singleton on bicycles careering around in chaso of back, rates would bo usoful and amusing.. And a sprint over a quarter of a iniio botweon tho two would draw a good gato; This lost idea is worthy ?of cultivation.in the causo of charity. ' ? ? ? The Australian cricketers liavo kicked up their heels and declined to be ruled by tho Australian Crickot Council. ? They will como back when thby like, will play what matches they like in Australia, will not consider for a moment the interests of intercolo nial crickot, and, will, generally, 'as the .Americans say, do as they darn please. Teams which go from America to England to contest in any form of sport aro kopt much better in check than the Australian Cricket Council seems to be able to koop the Australian Eleven. Thus, quito ro coutly, an eight-oar crew went from Tale College, U.S.A.,' to pull at Henlny regatta in England. And a collego society drew up tho following code of rules for the guidnnco of thoBG oarsmen :—Any man calling his baggage "luggage" during tho lirst day: out will bo fined 8 dols.; any man objecting to our form of govern ment after n six days' residence in England will bo fined 19 dols.: any man who purchases moro than 10 suits of English clothes and declares on his return that American tailors are not in it will have to pay a fino of ?! dols. CO cents; any man who says American browors can't make alo shall pay a fine , of 0. dols. 25:conts ; any man who cannot give a good description of tho Princo of "\Vnlos must pay 3 dols. 75 conts ; any man who doesn't havo troublo iu figuring up his accounts in American money when ho cornea back must hand over £1 3s Cd. ? ? ? I do not exactly know what " a silk foundation" is, but I am informed that it is a very dangerous thing indeed for a lady who rides a bicycle .to use, and, therefore, as a humane "man, I. give warning against it. A correspondent of The Sketch, I see, earnestly advises lady cyclists not to wear,cycling skirts with " silk founda tion." "Tbosillc foundation cannot withstand the friction, writes this un fortuuato cycli?t. '"My skirt was-in perfect condition when I started, but suddenly ray left foot'was dragged off the pedal, and before I knew what had happened I was pitched to the bottom of-a bank, and- have most serious injuries to iny shins. .Though it is just a month since my fa 11,.1 have not been ablo to put my foot to the ground, and it will, I fear,-be a long; tiuie before I am able to rido again. This is tho second accident that I have I hud owing to a silk foundation," ?m* . . .By tho way, .iu connection with cycling, and the fact that tho Grleiu ridding ghost a-way out by the cemo tery lins not made its appearance since a vear ago, I may point out that what aro known as "ghost parties" are very popular in America. ? Much of the success* of the party depends upon tho story-teller of tho evening. 110 must bo a young person with tho ability to toll legends regarding ghosts calculated to make tho blood run cold, the heart palpitate, and tho hair stand straight on end. The guests and hostess wheel away to somo secluded graveyard just about the timo twilight is darkening into night, and liore, amid tho tombs of unknown folk, the tales of spooks will be told in voices fitted to tho occasion. It is said to_be '? a most delightful form of entertain ment." 