ROWING FOR CHAMPIONSHIP. GAUDAUR EASILY DEFEATS STANBURY Winning by Twenty Lengths, The Australian Claims a Foul. The race between Jacob Gaudaur anj James Stanbury for tbe sculling cham pionship of the world and £1000 a-side was rowed over the 4J miles corns on the Thames yesterday afternoon, and resnited iu an easy win for Gaudanr, though Stanbury was a pronounced favorite at 7 to 4. At tbe time of writing no particulars are to hand beyond that Gaudaur won by twenty lengths, sod that Stanbury claims the race on a fonl From this it would seem that when the alleged fcjl oooorred Stanbury must have ceased rowing, and allowed bis opponent to paddle on quietly; There were very few on this side of the globe who thought the American bad even a ghost of a show against the New South Wales giant. In size and weight, however, Stanbury, who isin hie 29th year, had little advantage, for the American, who is 89 years old, is a big man, too, and his gameness was proved in the memorable race with Beaob which gained him fame in 1886. Ten years have passed since then, and Hemp, Searle, Kemp, hl'Lean, end Stanbury bsve in succession held tbe coveted ' honors. Alter Hanlan'e defeat by Kemp, O'Con nor was the American who bad nntil now put forth any practical claims to tbe title. After the race with Beach referred to above Gaudaur returned to America, end several matches wen arranged with Teemer, wjth varied re sults. r On Saturday next the V.R.A. wiilhoU a sculling race on tbe Lower Yam, the course being from a quarter of a mile below the four-mile mark at Newport to the HooUcray Bowing Club Boathom at Footscray. The competitors are V. J. Hambleton (Civil Service), A. Cam- ley (Albert Park), TV. T. Sfatthewe (Yarra Yarra), and H. Lindgren (Met, cantile). The twenty-fourth Annual meeting o) the Yarra Yarra clttb was held at Young and Jackson's Hotel, Swanston-eireet, oo Friday, when about 40 members at tended. Mr. P. O'Neil, vice-president, presided. The- report and balance sheet ebowed the club to have lud a fairly successful season. Tbe trophies won by the members during the pset season were then distributed. The election of office-bearers reenited u follows : — Patron, Mr. TV. P. M'Gregor (re-eleoted) ; president, Mr. G. 0. Glauaeen (re-eiaoted) ; vice-president, Messrs. A. M'Gregor, J. Connell, H. 'P. Jordan, John Gunn, Leonard , Blade, C. Miller, E. B. Ainley and T. Howard (all re-eleoted) ; caotain, Mr. A H. Entioott ; vice-captain, Mr. D. Boss; ban. treasurer, Mr. M. Lnpton (re elected) ; assistant hon. treasurer, Mr. A Jobson; hon. secretary, Mr. TV. T. Mat thews; aEsiatant hon. secretary, Mr, Arthur Levy ; committee, Messrs. J. G. Black, J. M'Douald, W. H. Gardner, A J. Christie, C. Broadbent, E. Dans, and D. Hancock ; V.R.A. representative, Mr. A. H. Entieou ; auditors. Mesne. A Allan and TV. J. Clemene. Trophies end donations for the ensuing season were promised hy several gentlemen \ tod numerous 'nominations for membership were received. Speeial votea of thanks were accorded to Messrs. Black. Han cock, Chamley, Matthews, and M'DonaM for services rendered daring tbe pa® eesson. 