THE MERCURY. HOBART: MONDAY, SEPT. 14, 1S9S. s> «VITÓME OF NEWS. Longford footballers have won the country premiership. Promier and Treasurer met with a friendly reception in the Huon district on S iturday. Mr. Mills, of the Huon, was thrown ironi his horse on Saturday, dislocating his hip. Entries for senior and junior public ex- aminations. University of Tasmania, cloae on the 15th prox. Annual spring flower show at Congrega- tional Sunday-school, Harrington- street, on Wednesday. Dr. Jethro Brown's University Extension lecture is postponed from this evening till the 28th. Dr. Wolfenden, of Victoria, delivers an address this evening, at the Mechanics'-hall, on the cure of inebriety. Messrs. W. Gibson & Sons' rams, His Excellency and Royal Chief, have yielded 31jlb. and 291b. of wool respectively for 13 months' growth. Public meeting of Tasmanian League, In reference to direct communication between Hobart and the West Coast, at Town-hall, this evening. China again borrowing. Silver quotation, 30 3-lGd. Renewed outbreak of cholera in Cairo. Dit-aster to British gunboat on the Nile. Price of standard gold raised in England. Stanbury cheerily farewelled on leaving England. A..T.O. Derby won by Charge, Coil second, Sabretache third. Victorian railway shortage for year onding June 30 last is £583 685. Amendments made in Transvaal mining laws. Labour disputes troubling employers at Perth and Fremantle. Sir. G. V. Verdon died in Melbourne yes- terday. Two thousand Egyptian soldiers have died from cholera on the Soudan expedition. Tory papers in Great Britain clamouring for abolition of the Ottoman power. Trades Congress still making demands for radical changes in the relations of capital and labour. New South Wales Minister of Agriculture says there is no probability of the Vegetation Disease Bill being modified. Tasmanian named Benjamin Bogg en- trapped by a " Confidence " man in Mel- bourne yesterday. One hundred and fifty special jurors sum- moned to attend trial of City of Melbourne Bank directors and auditors. Sultan of Turkey said to be sufferine from homicidal mania arising from spinal com pUinf. Pori-e denies the accuracy of statements made by European Embassies in Stamboul on matters recently coming within their personal vision. TUE question of the forfeiture of miniog leases for breaches of covenants has long been in an amorphous state, at least in the mind of the Mining Department, but it now seems to be assuming some sort of form, though not a very distinct one. In his Report for 1895-96 the SECRETARY FOR MINES has the courage actually to say some- thing, and that something is as follows:-"It is becoming a serious question as to how far lessees may be permitted to systematically disregard the very lenient covenants of their leases in respect of labour, and there are indications of the Government shortly requiring a J more close ob- servance of these conditions than bas hitherto been the case. There is much to be said upon the subject. Defaulting lessees may plead work done in the past ; the desirability, for financial reasons, of a temporary sus- pension of operations ; the heavily timbered rugged nature of the country ; the absolutely impossible means, from want of roads, of getting materials to or from their mines, and so forth. All these reasons have, and rightly so, to be fairly considered, but it is not to the interest of the country that they should be given undue weight to." Now, we may point out that the systematic disregard of covenants, especially the labour coven- ants,is not becoming a serious question, but has long been one. The SECRETARY FOR MINES and the MINISTER may think that the seriousness is only just beginning, and if so we can only say that they show that they have quite failed to understand the business which.they are supposed to administer. This question of the forfeiture hap- pens to be one which is as old as the leasing system. In Victoria it wag seriously discussed some thirty years ago, and there, as here, miles of articles had to be written before the Depart- ment could be made to understand that its sole duty was not to get revenue from leases, but that some- thing was due to the public also. We are told, in a modest sort of way which is very curious, that there are " indi- cations " of the Government shortly requiring a more close observance of the covenants, which means, we suppose, that the Department is gradually waking up to a perception of the fact that it has been all wrong hitherto. Surely, the public is entitled to something more definite than this. It is, undoubtedly, entitled to learn what the future policy is to be, if there is a policy, and not be put ort' with talk about " indications," as if the Department was not actually the prime mover in this business itselt. For, the MINISTER is the head of the Department, and when che Depart- ment speaks it speaks in the name of the MINISTER. Yet, we have the singular spectacle of the Department speaking of itself as if it had a sort of double personalty, something like the three single gentlemen rolled into one, or Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. If the Department has decided on a policy, why cannot it say so ? The reason why it does not say so is, pro- bably, that it has decided on nothing] but has begun to see in a dim way that it has been going wrong, aud it has a half-formed'resolution to reform, Uko the drunkard who is always going to " knock off " drink next week. And, we are told that " there is much to be said on the subject," about which there can be no doubt, only all that can be said has been said, and repeated until writers became weary of flogging the dead horse, or whistling jigs to mile-stones. In Victoria the result of the arguments was a very considerable improvement in the practice, but the authorities here learned, apparently, uothing from that example, whilst they refused to be guided by the common-sense argu- ments deduced from the actual con- dition of affairs in the colony. We ' now have some indications that the arguments have had effect, but the way iu which the admissiou is made resembles a remarkable example of what took place over in Victoria, when Mr. HIGINBOTHAM was the engineer-in-chief, in the good, old days when officials paid much less attention to the public voice than they do now. In those days the people resident at a place called Warrenheip wanted a railway station, as they had to walk four miles before being able to get a1 train. *" The reply always was, that the gradient was too steep, and a station could not be made. They re- monstrated, they quoted précédents, and they cited examples, but the answer was always the sama Wearied out at last, thouffh by no means con- tent, they ceased to agitate and vex the ENGiNEbii-iN-Cun.F, whereupon he gave them the station, and it re- mains to this day despite the gradient. The Mining Department here isactiug in a somewhat similar fashion. After endless remonstrances that produced no effect, the Department suddenly breaks the silence and lets the world know that it is gradually arriving at a conclusion. Let us hope that the world will be grateful. The pleas which we find reterred to as excuses for the breach of covenants have done duty for years, and they are all'very well"in their way. Noone would propose for a moment to inflict any hardship on a bonâ-fide company, which has shown that it desires to work the ground that it holds. If misfortune overtakes it, every con- sideration should be shown, for every one acquainted with mining knows the many difficulties that have to be over- come. All this is granted, and always has been. It is trite and stale. No Minister has ever yet been asked to deal harshly with a company, especially if that company has given hostages to fortune in the shape of some work. But, on the other hand, we have to remember that work once done does not give a perpetual title without work. Yet, this is what is often claimed, and was actually got in Victoria, where a gold-field was shut up for twenty years, because two large companies had done a great deal of work and failed. They pleaded their outlay of capital, and they kept their leaseholds until they were bought out at a hand- some price. We apprehend that the equity of the tase is this : when a com- pany expends money in working ground it does so because it believes that it will be repaid, and not for the benefit of the public. If it fails that is its misfortune, but that can give it no right to shut everybody else out, when there are ethers prepared to take the risk that the company will not take. The sole title to the land is work. There is and can be no other, and if the work ceases tor an unreason- able period, then the title should be forfeited and others be allowed to do the work that the particular company will not do. These considerations refer to the cases in which there is some sort of equitable claim, but in the large majority of cases there is no claim of the kind at all. Leaseholds are taken up and held without anything being done, in the hope that developments in the vicinity will give value to the holding. The business of "the MINISTER is, if he is to be allowed to be the final court of reviefr, to stop such shep- herding as this, no matter what the plea set up may be. A little firmness would be sufficient to quickly put matters right, and limit the area of mere speculative holding, to the great benefit of the mining industry and the general body of miners. For, many of these leaseholds, so long held in abeyance, would be worked by small parties, who can make yields pay that a larrie company can- not touch, and thus the country would be developed. This is one important consideration. But, apart from this, no Minister can be entitled to let a large area of country be shut up, but should let those have it who will work. We can see examples of this in many places. Forfeited leaseholds have been again taken up, and worked to a ' profit, even those once held by com- panies in which the shareholders would not pay the calls made. Like everything else,' this particular busi- ness requires judgmeut and discre- tion, but there is no judgment in simply letting things alone, and there is no discretion in cases which are foregone conclusions from the outset. Whether it would not be better to leave the final appeal to a Board, is a matter for consideration, as at present there are very unpleasant tales told about " undue influences." THE dictum of the Victorian Solicitor General on the Lonner and licensees question may be best described as wooden justice, sound and square, and well cut to judicial line and level, and yet, displeasing limits extreme rigidity. The Licensed Victuallers' Association finding it necessary to wait upon this dignitary with reference to the action of Mr. W. T. Larmer, J.P., in adjudi- cating in licenses cases, made out a powerful case. .The grievance of mem- bers of the trade is that this particular Justice of the Pence is full of strong prejudices when adjudicating on licensing mattera! That he had so fre- quently expressed opinions inimical to the liquor traffic,' under any and every circumstances, that members of the trade whenever compelled to appear before him weut" into court with the firm conviction that they could scarcely hope to obtain the same amount of pro- tection and even-handed jüBtice that any other section of the community might expect to get. In short, that Mr. Lormer's presence> when cases connected with the Licensing Act required adjudicating caused anxiety and grave suspicions iu the minds of all concerned that miscarriage of justice might occur,' not from malice prepense, but because of strong bias or prejudice amounting almost to fanaticism. The finding of the Board of Inquiry, ap- pointed at the suggestion of Mr. Lormer himself, was quoted in sup- port of the application. The Board found that he had acted iuy properly in adjudicating in cases in which he held a strong bins or prejudice against one of the liti- gants, or against the trade, and they said, "We lind that in so doing ho acted improperly, but we believe that not -only was lie unconscious of impropriety, but he believed that not- withstanding that bias and prejudice he could honourably and faithfully per- form his duty as a justice of the peace." The deputation also quoted the Soli- citor-General's own suggestion to Mr. Lormer that he should, for the sake of avoiding even the suspicion of parti- ality, refraip for the future from ad- judicating in any case to « hieh the same observations would apply._ And further, in support of such suggestion and advice the Solicitor-General had quoted a pre- cedent in which Mr. Justice Hood liad said " Tho law in its anxiety to protect the respoct and confidence which it is desirable, as a matter of public policy, should exist in the administration ot justice, prohibits anyone from deciding a case, even although lie be clearly not biassed or interested, if the circum- stances be such that ordinary people would suspect bias, and would regard him as a partial judge- In fact, not only must judicial proceedings be really free from nias and interest, but they must be so conducted as to avoid giving any substantial grounds for suspicion." As subsequent events have shown this Mr. Lormer has treated udvico with lofty contempt, and has pursued the aggressive tenour of his way as a pro- nounced extremist, until in solf-protec tion the Licensed Victuallers havo had to make appeal to the Solicitor-General to consider whether the rights and equities of ,the case would nob be best met by restraining Mr. Lormer's fantastic tricks, either by removing him from the roll of Justices of the Peacn or setting down licensing cases to be heard on days when he (Mr, Lormer) is not supposed to tuke_ his place on the bench, The Solioitor Qeneral has replied that the remedy lies in appeal^ to the Supreme Court, and that until he has been satisfied that there is any impropriety of con- duct on Mr. Lormer's part hB can make no order. He would, however, con- sider the proposal as to alteration of day of hearing of licensing cases. With this reply the deputation were fain to be content until other slow and creak- ing machinery can be put in motion. Judges deaf and in their dotago havo been known to condemn culprits to be hung, and even drawn and quartered, for venial offences for which a short imprisonment would havo been ample punishment, but that was in the bad old days when the thumb screw, the rack, and the hangman's cord were mere judicial playthings. In the pic.sent age the world has gone to almost the other extreme, and especially is tho desire dormant to keep the judicial bench free from_ all imputation of variableness. It is a pity that there should be even one instance in colonial judicial records of a tribunal not wholly free from reproach. THE Mount Cameron Water-race, about which so much nonsense was. talked at one time, and in favour of which such very wonderful evidence was given, does not appear to be a flourishing con- cern During the last year it paid interest on the cost of purchase at the rate of 1'012 per cent., which looks very absurd when compared with the state- ments made about this scheme in the Assembly, and before the Select Com- mittee. We find that during the year the average number of claims supplied was 2G, and that the actual number supplied a short time ago was 16. The average number of miners employed is, 22 Europeans and 41 Chinese, instead of the hundreds about which the public was told when the .sub- ject was under discussion. In order to get the revenue, which was £1,028 last year, four men are constantly employed, one of whom is called the manager, and the others watermen. We learn that the manager is paid at the rate of £300 a year, and £50 horse allowance, whilst the men get 8s. a day, and, we understand, houses. It will bo seen that the bulk of the receipts go in wages. Last year the sum of £337 was paid to the Sinking Fund, but now it appears that repairs are required, and that £1,500 are to be appropriated for this purpose. Thus, we _ may expect that the present year will show an actual loss, especially as the district is being gradually deserted, instead of_ miles upon miles of country being opened up, as stated in the evidence given before the Select Com- mittee. According _ to the figures given 165 tons of tin oro have been raised with the water supplied by the race, which is valued at £0,188. The whole business is one that should be _ closely looked into, because it is evident that the works will require constant renewal, and there is reason to believe that from this time there will be an annual loss. For, there is no prospect of the district reviving, as the tin seems to be practically worked out, a fact shown by the fradual desertion of the population, he probable annual cost will not be less than £1,902, so that, unless matters take a quite unexpected turn, there will be an annual loss. Further information appears to be required. THE meeting called for this evening by the Tasmanian League, to press on the notice of the Government the import- ance of opening better land communi- cation with the West Const, should be one of great influence and importance. A certain number of persons, who mostly know nothing about the sub- ject, have been good enough to tell us that the West Coast peiple do not want such communication, but this does not appear to be borne out by the facts, and if it was, should not much affect the people of Hobart It is the business of this city, in its own in- terest, whatever the West or the North may want, to get a route of a short and easy character opened to the West Coast, which, we venture to say, if it is once found and properly made, will be very much appreciated by the West, as the journey to Hobart will be easier, quioker and much more pleasant; As a matter of fact, we may state that the present movement for such a route is strongly promoted by a number of persons interested in the Western mines, who see the great advantage of better overland communication. The Minister of Land'«, for some reason, is ready to do anything for the Linda track, but ia opposed to any other, though he must know that the track can never be of any real value except as one for cattle. Natura oppomit. If there is to be land communication at all, we should have such as is serviceable for at least vehicles, and what ia more, serviceable all the year round. No one, we think, will .dispute this, for which reason the efforts to open up such a track should receive support from the Government, whilst the people of Hobart must insist upon having what is of the In st importance to them. Nor is the matter a. Hobart one alone. Any track made to the West by either of the routes proposed must open up a laige area of mineral country, whilst access will be obtained to vast supplies of timber and a considerable quantity of excellent agricultural land. The Gordon route, it found practicable, will be the shorter, and one which holds out great inducements to travellers, owing to the magnificence of the scenery, which cannot be surpassed in any part of the world, whilst tt will make access to Port Davy easy, where there is abundance of fish and game. Should this route prove too expensive, then there is the one by way of the Valley of Rasselas, about which we have now full information, which is so superior to the Linda track as to be out of all com- parison, not to speak of the mine« al and agricultural land. THIS TICK PKST -The Premier (Sir Ed ward Braddon, has rocoived from tho Uo partment of Agrioulluro, New South WHICS, a copy of tho report of tho oonforenoo .recently held in Sydney on the tick peat, with an quest that he will bring the matter under the notloo of the Tasmunian Govern, ment, willi a view to accurlUR ita ttoqui cscencoin tho rocommenditlona mado. With roitard to tho reward of £5,000 which it is intended to oûVr for a satlstactory prevon tivo or remedy ior the disease, tho Promicr is iniormed that it is proposed that tho draft dominions under which the reward is to be givon shall bo prepared in New South Wale« and sent to the GovernmontB ropieseuted at the conférence for oououirenc», or any additions or ammdmtnts that may be sui< gested. Also that it is assumed that it ia intended for each Government to publish the reward and ita conditions within tun limita of ita own colony. Sir Edward does not agree with the latter part ot the pro- posal. Wo have little or nothing to loar from this past ; we take every reasonable precaution to txolude it, und ive have, wuh out contribution from other colonies, to experiment against other posts suoh as black spot. TUB CIVIL SEBVICB MEETISO.-At tho meeting of Civil servants in regard to tho Civil Service Bill, on friday night, Mr. VV. Smith, secretary, Public Works, waa under stood to say that h« had entered the Public Work« service on the temporary staff, and waa still on that staff What Mr. Smith meant to convey, was that ho had remained on the tempornry staff for several years before he was placed on the permanent Btaff. PUBLIC WORKS. - Tendera aooeptod : Road, Scott's Rivulet . road (brldgo and approaches at Scott's Rivulet, near Mur- phy's), contract 2, M, McGarry, £77 9s. 8d. Road, M< lville'a-road (Snug Hivor), extension to Crown landa, contract 3, P. J. T. Torpy, £24 '8J.; contract 4, M. Torpy, £17 12s. Police . buildings, Devonport Weat, F. Bushby, £380, wbioh ¡notaries £10 for extra work if required State school and teaoher'a reai dence, Eastwood, T. Iunet, £145 10a., which includes £5 for extra work if required. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. We have re- ceived the " West Australian Year Book for 1894-95," compiled by Mr. M. A. C. Fraser, Registrar General of Western Aus- tralia. The volume possesses a vast amount of information respecting a colony in which special interest is being taken just now. A publication on the " Celebration of the First Decade iu Jackson's System of Upright Penmanship " is also to hand. " The Rail- way World," which we have also received, ountains some very interesting matter, and a number of beautiful illustrations, concern- ing electrio traction in the Isle of Man. "The Royal Humane Society of Austral- asia's Report for 1896," and the Melbourne democratic journal, The Beacon, for September, have also reached us. MR. JAMES LONGMORE.-The very many friends of Mr. James Longmore, late Super in- tendent of the Boys iraluing -chool, Hobart, will be pleased to knowtntt he his been appointed to the responsible position of Resident Master at Dr. Barnardo's Home, Stepney Causeway, London. CLASS FIRINO,- The rango at Sandy Bay waa fully occupied on Saturday afternoon in continuation of the course of musketry Southern Division. The S.T. Artil ery oompletcd their course of class firing. The Tasmanian Rifle Regiment were continuing their courte After the Artillery had marched off tho ground several mi'mb-rn of the proposed Veterana v. Present Dofenco Force had a praotioe. This match for the 30th inst. will be very interesting, and Mr. Westbrook will make it a contest to b» re. numbered, as he is endeavouring to bring a team forward worthy of the occasion, in- cluding men who hold the champion gold medal of Tasmania. Captain Parker, the Commandant, was on the range on Saturday. The Artillery marched homo, and were dis- missed at the Poet Office. FOLK CODHT,-The Full Court SIIB on Tiié-sdav next. CITY POLICE COURT.-At the Police Court on Saturday forenoon, before tho Police Magistrate (Mr. 1!. Shaw), and Mr. J. W. Hoggins, J.P., J.H. F. Burton was pro- ceeded against for the support of his wife, and waa ordered to pay £3 10a. per month. HKAVT STOBM OK KAIN AT BUCKLAND. Our correspondent writes on the 11th inst.: -" This afternoon, between L30 and 2 o'clock, we had a shower of rain, the hoaviest I ever witnessed. Although it lasted not longer than 16 minutes it left quite a sheet of water behind, and at one time durinc the storm the dropa seemed as large a« marbles. II id it been hail instead of rain it would have been very severo for either man or beaat that happened to be oulaido. A friend has just dropped in to say that if this is what Mr. Wraggo calls 'A-drier,' he does not agree with him." A BOLT.-On Saturday afternoon two horses, harnessed to a cab owned and driven by a man named William Dominée, bolted from Antiil-street down Macquane- atroet, and when rcaohing Viotoria-Btreet the cab collided with a baker's cart, and waa over- turned. The runaways were then secured. No one was injured, but the cab was con- siderably damaged. COURT OF REQUESTS -The following cases are set down for hearing before Mr. Com- missioner Shaw to-day, at 10 o'clock, at the Supreme Court, Macquarie- stree- :-Memsie« v. Pilkington, Thompson v. Jacobs, Webster and Ore. v. Baynton. MUSICAL DEMONSTRATION.-On Saturday evening a saored musical demonstration was held in the Helping Hand Mission-hull, Watahom-strcot, and judging from the number of people that attended the new hall will become very popular, especially with those whom the mission people wish to reach. The Rev. F. Siuden occupied tim chiiir, and with his wit and humorous remarks kept the meeting ina very cheerful and enjoyable condition. The programme was arranged by Mr. Qeorge Mackay, who deserves a good word for the manner in which the various items wore rendorcd. The following wero tbe pieces given : Selection, " Lo He comes," by the Mission BrsBS Band ; prayer ; duct, " rlurk 'tis the voice of the Saviour;" pianoforte solo, Miss Biggins ; recitation, Mr. S. Terry; solo, Mr. Miller; solo, Miss Shields ; duet, " Friendship ; " solo, Mr. Sidwell ; quartette, " Lead me gently home," Missel Mackay and Shields, and Messrs, G. and C. Mackay ; and three pieces by the choir, composed of Miases Mackay, Shields, Williams, Dudley, Sinden, Eennally, Hiildlcstone, Hooper; Mrs. Hume; and Messrs. Mackay, Sidwell, and Anthony. It waa announced that every Satur- day evening at 8 o'clook there would be an interesting musical programme given by members of various temperance and Christian Endeavour societies, admission being free. A hearty vote of i hanks was given to all the frieuds who kindly gave their services, NEW TOWN WESLEYAN SCHOOLROOM. Dr. Wollenden, of Geeong,' Viotoriu, is advertised to lecture in this building to- morrow evening, on *' Scenes and impres- sions of America," There will be no obarge for admission, but a collection will be made, the proceed« to be applied toward* coBt of renovating the interior of the ohurob build- ing. Dr. Wollenden has a high reputation a« an eloquent und forceful speaker, and having «pent several years in .the United States should bo in a position to discourse with authority on the subject chosen. EAHLV CLOSING ASSOCIATION.-A oonoert and entertainment in connection with the Draper« and Crucera' Early Closing Associa- tion will be given in the Temperance-hall this evening. Mr- N. Oldham will exhibit' limelight views of a trip from Hobart to the Hartz Mountain«, and songs will be rendered during the evening by Mis« M. Robertson, Messrs M. Johnston and Walter Carle, ('here is every assurance of a really enjoy- able entertainment at an extremely moderate admission tariff. Ask your Oroctr for WOOD'S AUSTRAL- ASIAN SELFVBAISINO FLOOR. Take no other, TBINITV CHURCH COXCCBT. -A concert in connection with the choir of Trinity Church will be given this evening. Solos will be sung by a number of ladies and gentlemen, and glees and part-song« will bo rendered by the choir. WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN BELF-RAISINO FLOUR. Made only from the Finest Parts of Wheat. Sold everywhere. UNCLAIMED T«LKQBAM.-A telegram ad dreised A. McGuinness, Hobart, awaits a claimant at the Telegraph Office. FITZGERALD'S SALE OP CALICOES.-A special sale of White Caucóos commences ut Mesare. G. P. Fitzgerald & Co.'s Collina Ktreot warehouse »his day, »hen special bargains will be ofaered in tho finest and boat English and American cottons, the ehiofoat attraction of tho sale being an enormous purchase in Manchester, just to hand ex s,s. " Knikoura," of twenty thousand yards, which will be offered at unheard of prices for the sterling quality and extra width pre- sented. Mess.-s. Fitzgerald announce that they cannot supply country storekeepers with more than one piece at a time, in order to distribute as much as possible among the general public ' THE WORK OP THE CHCROU OF ENG- LAND.-The Bishop of Tasmania, continuing his course of sermons in St. David's yester- day, took for his morning's text Acts xxii., 21, and spoke of the growth of tho Church j of the Ëngliih nation amongst the dark ' race, of whom tho large majority of the Btibjeots of tho British Empire con- stats Une of the moat wonderful in. ntanoes of Church oxtonsion was in Uganda. Forty year« ago that rcgiou waa a blank. No one had beard of, or at all events seen, a Uko as large as TasmauU, with en altitude auovo the sea equal to that of our Groat Lake. Spoko was tho first to soo it In 1S5S. Krapj, one of our mission- aries, had como to Last Africa in 1844, and it w as two years before ha had made a gingie convert. Stanley in 1875 challenged tho Church to take possession of the Uganda plaloau, and in a few days £25,000 was sub- scribed ; in 1677 » party of miesionaries anivod, and in 1832 the first 6ve convert» were baptised; live converts iu five years. Next year Bishop Hunuington was murdered. It was tbe third bishop who was now in Uganda, the second having died of fever. There wera now 24 English micBionuries there ; 10 importaut centres were held, and in one of thom a church to hold 4,000 had b-tm built. Last year, in the 12 months, 3,900 porsonB were baptised, nearly 3,300 being adults. There wiro 1,900 communi- cants, 400 nativo teachers, und 1,200 were confirmed last y< ar, twice as nuny as in Tasmania. What Uganda will become when connected by rail with Zanzibar, and by water with Aluxundria, no ouo could foretell, but it promised to be a wouderful placo. The demand for books there WSB tremendous, last year 40,0110 being Bold, not given away. The Bishop i hen spoke of India, and inst anced only one spot call Nazareth, lu Madras. This, ho said, waB "the home aud workshop of Christ." It was a groat Christian Art School, the greatest oarc being spent on deaigns and exactness of execution. All the teachers and helpers were uativee, with only one white maa at their head. Lace making, weaving, oarpentor'e and smith's woik, drawing, woodcutting and carving were taught. There were 70 congregations, with six native olergy and many Cateohists in this group, alt of our Church, and all help to support the woik. In Japan, aeain, pro- gress had been made. The Bishop of Southampton bud resigned his English work to become Bishop of Osaka, ia Japan. It was not likely that this country would long imitate Western ways ; it ought not, for it was nat the purpose of the Cospel to change national characteristics. There were now six deacons for the English Church in Japan, four English and two American ; probably Canada would add one, aud after that there would be Japauese bishops. The evening sermou was from Psalm xxi., 9, and gave a very interesting sketch oi the history iii (ho Church in the United StaUs. Our Church might well feel uibamed at the way she had neglected Atneiioa in the early days. At tho beginning of last oeuluiy there were not a score of clergy outside Eugluod, ytt there were 1¿ millions of white people io America alone. In 1702 the S. P G. sent 400 clergy- men to Boston ; in 1735 the Wesley brothers went and failed, being teo stern in their rule. Tho people cried out for bishops, yet for,82 year« no one of our Church was con- firmed thero, no church was conaeorated, co Amorlcao-born mau was ordained unless bo went to England, John Wesley, impatient, set apart one Cope to be a bishop. Only a few weeks after, in the same year, 1784, Soabury waa regularly consecrated in Scot- land. We had paid dearly for our negiert. The Bishop then epoke of the terrible diffi- culties for the Church arising from the War of Independence, and how they benefited it in tho way of discipline. Kow the Churah was not hated. She had 79 bishops, 4,600 clergy, 622,000 communi- cants, 422 500 Sunday-suhool ohildren, and 45,000 teach, ra. The cathedral now build- ing in New York will cost a million dollars. Better than all this was the spirit of the leaders, An American Itishop, who had been a fortnight in England, «aid to a friead " yellow fever is active in my diocese now, and I must bo active too ;" and re- turned. Tue most apostolic man of all wa« the Bishop of Minnesota-called the apostle of the Indians ;-they called him *' Straight tringue " because they trusted bim above all mon. His power of moving Bpcech seemed unequalled ; while with bis grave, dark face ha appeared to have become like his people. The American Bishops had so much inventiveness and resource that it would bo, perhaps, a good thing if we got one. of them as our Primate some day. ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH.-The Right Rov. Bishop Delany, who Bucceeda Dean Woods as reotor of this oburcb, preaobed at the li o'olock Mass yeiterday morniug. Bo chose for his text'the words " You shall receive the power of the Holy Ghost comiog upon you, and you shall bo witnesses unto Me fin Jerusalem and in all Judoa and Samaria, and even to the uttermost parts of the earth " ( Aot« i, 8) and said that the mia uiou of the apostles Was to be oatholic as to place, time, and doctrine, and gave no room for National Churohes. The desire to destroy Christianity waa not so conspicuous now aa the attempt to split up theCatholio Church into National Churches. The effect of a united Church upon the world waa vividly seen in tho 11th century, when the chivalry of Europe, at the instance of Pope Urban II,, took up arms and reaoued Palestino from the Muaaulman. liven in the 16th century, when Popo Pius V. had to contend with the rise of ProteBtantiBtn in \V stern Europe, he and other Christian Powers were able to crush the Turk at Lepanto. Now, in tho preaent century, when Europe waa armed to tho teoth, and her atnndiug armies doiog nothing, the dying Turk waa able to insult Christendom with impunity. The National Church of the greatest Empire of the world at the present day was a notable instance of the failure of National Churohes. In it there was no unity of doctrino ; the views held by her own clergy upon suah fundamental truths as Baptism, the( Euobanst, and even the Divinity of Christ, being vsred and opprsing. The Ruasiun Chutoh also showed that her teaching was diotated by the Ciir, and she her- self supported by Russian bayoneta. Her missionaries were not to be found outside the Russian Empire. The Catholic Church waa the only Church which f ulfi'led the oharge of Christ to main- tain a oatholic character in tho sphere of its work, in the fidelity of its dootrine, aud the duration of its existence. lu the «vening a crowded congregation assembled to hear a sermon on the Catholio devotion in the Blessed Virgin, preached with great earnest- ness, and in a fine resonant voice, by the Rev. Father Augudtiue Fleming, the first Tasmanian priest yet ordained of the < Passionist Order. For good trade Grocers should keep only WOOD'S AUSTRALASIAN SELF-RAISING FLOUR. FORLORN BISHOPS HONT FOR LAWN. Apropos of the recent Royal wedding in England, a serio-comic tontretumpa occurred. It appears (saya the Daily Ncios) that the Archbishop of Canterbury and the Bishop 'of Winchester had sent their State robes of lawn to Buckingham Palace early in the day, and it waa directed that the same should be taken to the Robing-toom, where the clergy were to as embie and dress previoua to proceeding to the chapel at ooon ; when the Archbishop and Bishop of Winchester arrived nut a vestige of their vestments could be found in the Robing, room. The whole Palace was in a state of excitemeut at the wedding préparations, and the canonical robes were sought alter high and low, but could not be found. Lord Edward Pelham Clinton, Master of the Household, waa oalled in to aid in the search, »ud eventually the tobes were found in someone else's room just in time for the service. The state of anxiety to which the ecclesiastical dignitaries were reduced may be better imagined than described. - WOOD'S ÁC.-,TUALASIAN SELF-BAISINO FLOUR. The best. All Respectable Grocer«, "W D. PsUOOCK k Go's, New Seasons Jams are ONE POUVD nett," FLOOD AT RLBKHEIM.-The United Pre«« Association of Mew Ztaland has issued the folio-ving telegram« in reference to the recent heavy ¡floods' at Blenheim: -Tele- grams received at Wellington «tate that the most severe floods for 20 years have been experienced at Blenheim. A heavy southerly raia caused the Taylor-River to flood, and, the town has been under water sinos, and likely to remain so for some days. Télé- graphia communication is greatly inter ' rupted, and the railway embankment is broken through in one or two places, and the water (boded the surrounding country., Tho extent of tho damage ia not known. Blen- heim and surrounding distriot« have been visited by a flood (Taylor River having overflowed its banks), wbioh ia one of the largeat inundations experienced for many years. The water came into the town on I Tuesday morning, 1st inst, reaching an un- precedented height. It entered shops and | residences, and it only receded slowly from tho streets. No exceptional damage was suffered in town, bui a good deal of loss was occasioned to farmers in the country through the washing out of «eed. A few | coses of loss of sheep are reported. 