[ALL - QUEENSLAND- EIGHTS DESERVED.] -• \ J Jt NOYEL , OP AMGIiO-aPSTRaMgW -XIPE, J MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED, . Jtthor of "Outlaw and Lawmaker," "An Australian Heroine," "Nadlne," "Koloci," "The Bond of Wedlock," "Policy and Fusion," "Ike Head Station," 4e., Ac. CHAPTER. XX.—{Conlviual.) ^O, NO," said Mrs. Hil : ditch'. "What does it mat ter about the union ists? I felt that .the , prospect .of- att ;attack •was too good to come true.. It wonld haye ueen exciting;-- but I am doomed, to be disappointed; Aren't you 'sayiog-to yourself,1 •That io just.how she used to bo; the bird o£ Jt, Tin* ufill 5" " . . . pr y instincts are strong in her still?'' "No," Blanchard replied.". lt I am sorry I said that. I seo that it wounded you." V 44 1'omo out into the garden,"' she.' said ahrapfly. - "I 6ee there.are-people walking about. -1 can make out Br. Geneste, and is it Clare—or pretty .Miss. Cusack? Ah,' it's Clare. I wonder you. .did not fall in love with-Miss Cupuck... But perhaps you have ; fallen in love with her." ... rfo made an.impatient gesture of denial. They • were in the garden now, walking ' between tho little. avenue of orango trees. 'Gladys stopped to comment upon the stars— : to aak'qtiestioRS about the southern oonstella ; tions. She thought the Southern Cross over rated; and sho hud seen nothing on the Leura yet in the matter of atmospheric effect coinpar • . able to the Egyptian afterglow. She had ob served .also that the fashion of sleeves in the : "busH was in the same stage of evolution as in . • ihoremotor districts of London. 44 That means .' survival of monstrosity. Pleaso observe the : cut of mine." The sleeves in the London strootb got .on iny nerves ; they were making mo serionsly ill,'.they and other things.; it's .. always the last straw, you* know. When I •„ told my. doctor ho suggested a trip into the wihiR of African or Australia; - Bat you. seo \- tthut there is no fescape .for me. v That little . dark/ prettyifih, fifth-rate looking governess -. whom Mr. Tretruskjss seems to admire wonld do credit to Westbourne grovo. There's one atrocity of civilisation, however, that I . don't.find here... Cook hasn't yet vulgarised .tboblaekfi." " No doubt they are being demoralised by more. pernicious • influences of civilisation." He spoke awkwardly. - Her inconsequent chatter; veiling, as he felt, an agitation she was afraid might master her, afflicted him terribly,- and when she ; answered with her soft, falsely strung laugh, " Oh, of course human nature is the same all the world over, and the vices of barbarism* are pretty zbuoh what one finds them in' London drawing-rooms—I am beginning to discover that here already "^he . exclaimed in im 4<It is.iny turnhow to beseech yon that we maynot thik banalities. v. At least let ns be .■irno to ourselves." ''\ . •••„ ■' • "Even to our vices?" she asked, laughing, -again,' and then went on in a totally different tone.* 44 Yes, that's what I came to Australia for. I wanted to tell you the truth about somo thing." 14 To tellrae !" He repeated. 44 You can't: accoe me this time, pf riot being candid. It is not often a woman has the honesty to own to a man that she has travelled twelve thousand .miles, more orless, on the chance of seeing him. .Let us sit lore." • She had halted at a seat under the passion vine to whichhe had almost unconsoipusly led her as the moat retired which the garden offered. He did hot obey her invitation to place. himself by "her side, but stood leaning against tho trelHs/aud there was something aloof and judicial in his aspect—the result, indeed,*of nervous tension and hot of disap probation—whioh goaded- her to • desperate \- frankness. "I wanted to tell yon the whole truth about my relations with Mr. Ironside. 1 never talked to you much about him, I.did hot know you were such great friends till • after everything was over. I never saw you together." . V.' aWe were not much togetherat that time, and 4 groat friends' in the ordinary sense Ave were not,"-ho answered stiffly. 4 4 We had . different grooves of action., I cud not sympa thise entirely Avith poor Ironside's methods, which latterly got too anarchic for my taste. .As, the .demagogue I confess that. ho.jarrod upon mo; but as the man— 44 Ah, the man! He was one by himself." 44 As the man, ho influenced mylifomoro than any other human being has done. It was he who first inoculated me with socialistic theories—notions that I feel now to have been mistaken. He first brought homo to me tho virtue of iutollcotualhonesty, and made me f eol the absolute necessity of giving up tho church. He avqs like the spark to the tow, and his ( enthusiasm carried mo along with a forco of • 'ahigh wind to a flame, lien I admit his immense resources, his power of organisation, lis very fanaticism was inspiring." 44 Ho was a fanatio in everything," as sented Gladys. 44Ho was bound to die for something before reaching his "prime— a cause perhaps-as little worthy—as the womimi" . Her Yoice dropped, "It is not heartlessness which makes mo speak of him in that ira-. personal, way-;" she said gently. "Please believe that. X have thought and felt bo much about him that I bare got to look, upon'him more as an instrument of fate than an ordinary human' being. For me • too, in a very different way, ho has been a deter mining influence." She stopped. Blanohavd seemed to be waiting for her to explain herself further. She began again, the words rushing forth impulsively, with scarcely any break. \- "Mr.-Blancbard, I want to say to you, in my own extenuation, that you never gave me a ohance of saying -before, at any rate you shall know the exact truth about it, and you shall think mo then as bad as you please. I don't suppose my conduct deserves to 'be -extenuated, but I must say this. It -was. not.vanity and greed.of conquest which in the beginning made me see all I could of John Ironside. It whs some-, thing of.this samo kind of feeling, which later."-;—she hesitated-^-" later drew me to yon. It was a coarse crude attempt at realis • ing that feeling in him' which was-after wards-realised in you.: Oh!, people.make Buch a mistake in supposing that women's instinct always guides * them straight in matters of that- kind.' One's nature has a need, and the first attempt to satisfy it is as elementary often as the savage's, fetish belief. I. don't know, how to make you understand——" • ' 411 think I understand," he said. " Ton thought Ironside, might, help you, as yon afterwards fancied - mistakenly too—that 1 might.be able to help you- Perhaps we might have helped you—one or other of us—' if we had been less human and yon—a dif ferent sort of woman." " Ah !" Almost a gleam of joy came into Gladys's fade. '' Yes, you might have helped me," she said,slowly. You might have done a great deal for me. Bat you..would not. Yon deserted me/ John Ironside could not have helped me—in any real way. .There was no' real affinity. The. elements of combination weren't there. It was an accidental attraction—one that had nothing to do with, spirit—though the at traction "was. genuine enough at first. He happened to come into my life at a critical moment when I w&9 in a mood of intense re vulsion, and when I- was utterly .rudderless. For the moment he dominated ray nature, and his charm for me was that for- the first time I encountered what seemed a. granite man. .We acted and reacted upon each other. I think the influence must nave had something electric in it." ; "Yours upon him was certainly of that kind." 1' . " In the beginning it was the fascination of repulsion, for him anyhow, I fancy. And then the poles changed: For me he was something positive, compelling*. He forced life upon me in its hideousness, its reality,' its. magnificent power—-lif e in the big thrilling sense, not in that of my drawing-room drama. He mudo me long to experience the grip of strong feel-' ing; an -intoxication which freed one from one's self. You know—no/you can't know or guess ' what my marriage was to me— the awfol deadness of it. Sometimes X feel that Clare Tregaskiss knows and tinders Lands but she is' strong, she can hide what 6he suffers under that strange, quiet smile; and Ilong to tell ■•her, to talk to her of it, and \ dare not. Oh, how one agonised for a breath of something pubgent. I tried to get it in— well, yon know the sort of flirtations a London woman falls into—and the kind of men—I tried everything to give mo sensations—even to reading horrid French novels; and then I went on a pilgrimage to Lourdesformy soul's healing. John Ironside was the person to appeal to me in that mood. There wasn't the least thought at first of making him lovo me. The East end mania was genuine. Then there came a dreadful moment whon thq£ ex citement palled, and I saw another exciter inent straight in • front of me—one * I'd never bad before. I saw that the granite was softening—that ho was beginning to .care for mo.. I thought I shouldJLiko to know what it felt like to bo loved by such a man. Iiyanted —this is all I have got to put forward in extenuation here—I wanted to be made to care for him—to bo strung up to some heroic endeavour, even to renunciation. I knew that was what love must mean—for me. Iwa3 never a wioked woman—in that sense." "You need not tell me that," he inter rupted hoarsely. . " Well, I told myself that a real affection —real interest—would bo my salvation. I wanted to believe in his aims, aud to help him in them, to do some work, and anyhow devote some of my superfluous cosh to tho relief of those wretched starving creatures—you remember that strike winter. • Bnt when I saw that he was fighting against my influ ence, steeling himself and keeping away from me, the devil took-me in possession, and I wanted to win the battle. I determined that I would conquer, and that he should own himself-beaten. That was; just5 before wo took Felmarshcs." ' - S- Blanciard "bowed his head. • ' »*:f 44Well—you know—I heard you preach. I saw your face, bo worn and bo * lifted'—I don't, know how; to express it. Yon've lost that look a good deal. It' raovod me—it was a Savonarola look. I got that sort of feeling about you—that you would be the person to go to in trouble. . And then you came and dined with us—we had a lot of people, do you remember—tho racing1 setP I was so' ashamed of them. And we went to the manor. And then there'was the fever in tho village, and you seemed to want to fling away your lire, in looking after the poor people. Do you remember that autumn? " Don't let ns speak of it," he replied wits emotion, "I remember it all too well. Ire member your wonderful courage during that fever time—your generosity and devotion, and how you seemed to- be - trying to show me that nnder the frivolons made and amidst all the' luxury and thoughtless selfishness of life in that palace on tho hill,'there was the stuff of which ideals are made.' I was wrong in saying that it' was entirely Ironside who influenced me at that crisis in my life. Yon influenced me greatly too.' Your words and ways and the trust you placed* In me, unde served as it was, forced me to be true' to tho highest standard/I khow—that of sincerity." " And you preached that sermon—that wonderful sermon whioh was like a bomb in tho peaceful household. And you gave up everything and were banished from your in heritance and went • to work among the dockers in London. I have kept all the letters you wrote mo then—all that I ever bad from you He was visibly moved. . . "I used to think," she went on in a child jlike way, "that you were to me'something I of what Daniel Deronda -was to Gwendolen." ! "Oh, do not'say that,";he cried; •"It is true. I leaned on you in the same way.", ' . "I was. not in the very least like Daniel Deronda." "No," she laughed, "you always said the conventional thing about him—that he was a woman's hero,- and not flesh and blood. .Per haps that is trne, but it did not alter .Gwen dolen's feeling. If Daniel had had reason to believe Gwendolen insiucere in her professions towards-him, and utterly unworthy in evety way. no doubt ho would have acted like a man's man,-and he would have' run away in anger and disgust, and left her to her fate, even if there had been no Myra* in the case." . " There was.no 3Iyra in'the case," said the young man iri a stifled voiced ' "No, there was only John Ironside. And when you found 'out that your Gwendolen had said the same things to John Ironside— almost as if you had appealed to him to teach lier—qnite differently, bat then you would j not have known • that; yon would have I thought it all just the same—-all part of the play—when yon found that she had worked for him among the London'poor, as I, did for you among • the poor at Fel marshes, and .all the time as a reason foci getting.into touch with you; only as the lure1 of a coquette, only to lead up to the thrill of a dramatic situation. 4 Frightfully thrilling,' yon know, as Hilda Wange would say. But I forgot, yon left England beforo Ibsen ber came the fashion." \ Oh, well, it was no wonder that yon thought. . ." ." " That you were preparing the same fate forme-". " With all the same art and the same guile. Oh,- yes, yon might have said to yourself that one fine day when the-play Begins to get wearisome this double-faced wretch will throw off ber mask, and I shall see her as she is in her abominable selfishness, and callous greed of power—just as be saw her at the last. You might very well have expected to find that she had only been amusing herself, play ing a sort of game of chess with your sanctities which she had talked so finely about, just to make yon believe her a simple, innocent creature; and then, when she had eheckmated you and the battle held no'more interest, sweeping them off the hoard and ! bidding you go about your business and leave i her to find a new amusement. Oh, how you would despise her! How you would hate her!" "No, never that," ho interrupted. "And how you would glory in hurting her—as it was in your, power alone to hurt her—with silent contempt. When she had humiliated herself—thrown- herself at your feet—" Gladys's voice was choked. She threw her arms over the back, of the seat, and buried' her face in them; he could see that sho shook with inward sobs." *4Not: to- hurt her," he said, deeply troubled;., "But to save myself!" 44 You did not give me credit for any human feeling," sho went on presently, lifting her head, but not looking at him. 44 Did you think me euoh an unnatural monster that I could bear to know myself the. cause of a man killing himself, and not die almost myself with shame and horror and remorse? You don't Ibiow howl suffered. Oh, you don't know how.I suffered.!' 441 con believe if—now." 44 If you had answered letter—if you had come to seo mo just once again, I would havo told yon." Sho spoke very low, and her words fell brokenly. 44 It was you who opened my eyes—at Felmarshea—you made me want to be good—to strive after the highest—affeotion. It wasn't that kind of feeling he had for me. Ho let himself go mad, I think. One idea possessed him. Ho was tho sort of strong man who, whon he gives way, does so utterly—allows him self to be absorbed, overwhelmed by one desire. And when he can't gratify it—don't yoQ understand ? - How conld I foresee that he would want—that he would have had mo give up .everything for him altogether. Ho would not believo that I had never cared for him in that-,way! • No, never, never forgone instant. ;-Then I got. rtokta*tgkvand Irtold him'just how it had been,-.and iny badness, and how I had purposely at the end led-him on. And then, row knowing you had made me realise .;1.. I said I would do all I could to blot the remembrance of him out of my life. Then he said—things about you. He—it drove him wild. He said he would kill you—or himself—and* the next I heard was that he was dead. « « And I tried to make you know—and you would not——" " Ah, Blanchard cried. • " I understand. There was something .that was always a mystery—something between him and me— the night he shot himself. I know now.'' Gladys got up and stood before turn. "I have told you. And I have' nothing more to say.. I came all the way to say this —all the way to Australia. Try nob—not to think so hardly." •• ' Her words seemed to melt into a sob. She turned swiftly, and .was some paces from him before he spoke. "Gladys," he called, bnt she would not turn back, and he saw her white form vanish-, ipg like a ghost behind the orange tree. 