THE MAN SHE FOUND. iWhe-Violet Lingard ý announced that she was going in for literature there were those, among us who scoffed. Violet was so "alarm ingly pretty, one would never suspect her of possessing brains. She was one of those girls with alluring faces-the sort of beaute-du-diable; of which Ouida is always writing, eyes of most unholy blue and lips which could smile a man's oul away. A facinating mini with the most graceful tiod winning manners; a being of moods, tender, repellant. kindly and icy by turne, she had created havoc and strewn devas tation wherever her dainty feet had trod: BSuddenly she wearied of the endless round of gaiety and fashion to which from her teens she had been accustomed and amazed her ctearie by declaring her intention of writing realiatic novels. Of course everyone said it was merely a fad and would soon blow over. But it didn't, that was the astounding part of it. Hoer first novel attracted more than passing notice. She was commended for her original and audacious style, her clever plot and a cer tain dainty feminine touch. Sie was written about, interviewed ; her beauty and her talent were praised by the paragraphers and all the details of her luxurious life were brandished about the country. Frot'. being merely a typical society girl, a young woman of elegance and fashion, she suddenly became a somebody to be pointed out and stared at and raved about. "' This spasmodic adulation pIleased Violet. She had always feasted upon flattery but now she revelled in it., She threw herself into a life of feverish emotion, became cynical, disdainful, and thought of nothing but her miserable ambition. Local colouring came to be an absolute " mania with her. She was always prating of " atmosphere " and " realism." One can stanl n lot of infernal nonsense from a pretty woman, but really poor Violet often grew actuoally tiresome with her endless rhapsodies about " the divinity of realism." It was just after publishing her second novel, a combinatoon of ingenuity and wickedness, a smartish, brackish story you wouldn't have liked your sister to write, that the girl decided to go to the far We at in search of " local colour" for her uoxt attempt. - " Yes," she drawled with the fine lady air of disdain she had assumed since her success, " yes. I am going in search of local colour and a hero. I may take a cowboy for the latter who knows? They tell me those fellows are delightfully original and as breezy as the winds from the Rockies." _ . She made up her mind she had not been misinformed when a month lanter, she met Jack Weatherby. -:s S eatherby was a child of the plains. He hoad never been east of the Mississippi and bad an infinite contempt for the land of the rising sun. He had hunted for a living; he had been a cowboy and raised as much of a rumpus in .mining camps as the next fellow. Now he owned his own ranch and herds ; had settled down somewhat and had begun to think he would like a wife and home. I He was a handsome fellow, as fiery as the mustang he rode and as tenler hearted as a woman-soa women. His ranch lay in the shadow of the Sangro de Chrislo range, next, to that of the Atherton's, where the New York girl was stopping. Its acres stlretched to the shadowy foot bills and over them roamed the sleek, well-fed creatures of which he was so proud. t. It was two days after herarrival that he saw ,her first. He had ridden over to see Tom Ather. +ton, the big muscular Englishman, who was his particular crony, and had come down the trail with his customary "Hlark" anud " Whoop." As though riding the sightless couriersof the air,he slashed up to the little.flower-gardeo.%purs and cars nruUrsrst^i) guneo".rMY ..SnasOs oi. euo le5 out a yell which could have been heard in Den ver. And there by the side of pretty Mrs. Atherton, sat a stranger, a vision, an angel. The asloniched ranchman blushed and stam mered like a school boy as he bowed awkwardly andl apologised for his Apache-like descent. 11ho was this divinity in palest pink, this radt ant creature with lair like gold and eyes like 'heaven's own blue ? " My friend, Miss Lingard from New York," Mrs. Athertan said. 1'shaw ! She was a celestial being straight from Para dise. I have always pitied Weatherly. Never for eoo momnent could I blame him. He wasa primitive man with savage instincts lurking in his breast. Brave, loyal, straight-forward him self, how could he dream of the treacherous cruel hlows one little soft white hand was :capable of dealing. Violet found this sturdy, brawny ranchero a delightful study, and decided that he should be •the hero of her next novel. His quaint wit and poetic fancies born of the mesas of the moun Stain, his forcible and often ungrammatical speech was faithfully noted : his emotions were played upon. his heart was probed. And he never dreamed he was being experimented on. He loved this exquisite creature, this dainty, soft, purring beauty, as he loved his life. He 'coveted her and longed to shut her close to his b:;;, failthful, honest heart. f, At last came the night when Violet carried hoer passion for "atmosphere" and ',local colouring " to its climax. They bad gone for their customary evening stroll, and had climbed up a lofty butte to a broad ledge of rocks. At their feet yawned the canon, tremendous,awful, black, save where the moonlight touched the opposite wall with ghostly fingers. Back of them loomed the range like the battlements of .a phantom city. Through the pines in the canon the wind came sighing in mournful cadence. 'While far, far below sounded the faint rushing of water-the river tumblingaud foaming along over its rocky bed. ! What a weird place," cried Violet with a pretty little shulddler, " and what a ghost-like 'night. WI.y did we never come up here before, ,Jack ? W'hat a scene i" \- Weatherhby was lying at her feet where he hnd.thrown himself to rest after their climb • ? He tusnalhis0fae, ?.,whitne in, the-esmonlight, ;able eyes upon her, said : " I kept this place for ;this- hour. I meant to 'riog'you here when I -got my courage to the point where I could say all that is in my heart.. Many a time down there," pointing to the ranch lying below, " I have looked up here and thought of the time I would bring you up to tell you how I lovy For one instant Violet felt a queer litle thrill. The simple .dignity of his declaratiion ,almost moved the worldly,- cold-blooded girl. T'hen she thought of her local colouring. ,' What a situation for my novel," she said to -herscel: then alould gently : " So you really love me, Jack ?" s " Love you ?" he echoed passionately, as he rosa and sat down beside her, " Violet, look," taking her hand, " my -heart lies here in this dear little'hand." Then throwing all reservo to the. winds, he seized her and kissed her pnadly, tempestuously. ' She struggled to free herself and at length ?eceeddd.' " How dare you ?" she demanded, a" how dare "- o " Haw dare I ?" he cried. " WVhy dearest, I love you--I love you. do you hear ? And you, you" love me a little, do you not ?" He was approeching her again, when she said con temptuously: " No, not a bit. I have simply heenr studying you." 1e stood as if turned to stone. " Studying Sme,"he said, in a queer voice, " studying why--why ?" he savagely demanded, as he caIi-* h?r wr'ist an5d held it in an iron grin. " You were so different," she faltered, a bil frightened at his sudden ferocity. " I wanted a new type for my book, you know. I supposv Tom told you I write books--" An 'atsolitely mursderous lock swept opel TVeatherby's face. " N'o," he said, "no one told me that. SPo you write books? And you wanted to put me in it-was that it ? 'Answes me, answer me." " Yes,", she murmured faintly. " And that was all ! You never loved me never meant to marry me P' ".Why. no, how could I ? I am to be married in the fall to a man in New York--" A snarl like that of an infuriated beast inter rupted her. Livid with'rage he sprang toward her. Once again he crushed her, shrinking and trcmbling, to his breast, then drgged her to the very edge of the canon, gaping like the bottom less pit to receive them. And as her agonised creams pierced the soft summer night. Weatherby, still holding her against his out rated heart, stepped off. They found them next day in the bottom of the canon. Violet's lovely face was past recog nition, but on Weatherby's lingered a smile of such awful triumph as would have pleased the arch-fiend himself. 