MELBOURNE SOUTH ELECTION. MR. BENT'S MEETING. A TYPICAL PANDEMONIUM. In antioipation of boisterous fun, »nd perhaps to do justice to a political character with -whom Victorians havo been too familiar for many years past, a couple of thousand people as sembled in the South Melbourne town hall last _ l-A. ....1! _ L A I. — fi.Hl A : „ _ lilgdb UM Utl UUUIUIIUU Ub bUO UlOU JllCUblUg hold by Mr. Thomas Bent in further ance of bia candidature for the representa tion of tho constituency in Parliament. The hilarious noise whioh resounded from tht building directly Mr. Bent made his appear ance could be heard two blocks away. Mr. \V. Hodge was appointed chairman, and introduced tiie candidate, who advanced to tho front of .the platform pr&parod; to commence his address amidst a perfect hurricane of howling and derisive laughter. Proceedings commenced In this way : — Mr« Bent : " Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen." (A yell : " Sit down." The Chairmnn : " I know the majority will allow Mr. Bent to have his say." ! "\Ve will not!" vociferously. Intense bowling.) Mr. Bent, with caution : "I understand— — " ("You arc not to stand.") Hooting and laughter. Mr. Bent: "This large meeting has attended hero to-night— — "("To give you the good- bye.") I>ir. Lent: "No; tor tho purpose of hearing what I have to say." ("Who shook tho maoo?") Mr. Bont : "I am surprised at thoso interruptions from my Australian friends." ("Booboo. Well done, Cabbages.") Mr. Bent, indistiaotly : "I have — -"("Oh! Blow your noso.") Mr. Bent : "I heard a miyn interject soroothiflg about cabbages. Of courso I am a cabbage grower. I bouor that profession. But I under stand tho great question which affects tho peoplo just now—" (" Chuck it off your chest, Tommy." More howling.) Mr. Bent: "Now it won't do you any damage if you listen tome—" ("Havo you auy shares to sell?") Mr. Bent: "I am very sure this large assemblage did not come bore for the purpose of preventing mo speaking." ("Didn't it? You go back to Brighton.") After a further interv&l;, during which tho uproar was well sustained, and Mr. Bent unavailingly tried to make himself heard, he Baid : " I take it the questiou is put to me, why do I come to South Melbourne ? Will you allow me to tell you? It does not follow because after two and twenty years of honest service — " (" Honest? " Peals of laughtor, and a voice, "Bab. Gee on your biko and rido home.") Mr. Bent: "I don't wish to insult you. I will tell you, if you will permit me, why I ventured to come here. The very hall in which you are gathered to-night I helped to get for the people of Emerald Hill over 20 years ago. Another thing I did "("Why didn't you pay your rates?") Mr. Bent: " When I was Commis sioner of Railways I obtained 6d. per day increase for every laboring man. I opened tho Middle Park railway station—-" ("Oh ! You had better go homo.") Tho Chairman : " Now look. A quarter of au hour has been wasted, and, gentlemen, you have hoard nothing." (" You couldn't oxpeob to hear anything from Bent." Laughter, resonant'and reverbcratiug.) The Chairman : " It would have only taken 25 minutes to havo heard what his views are. Give him a show." (" He's having a show." Immense amuse ment.) Mr. Bent : " I will tell you another thing I did for Emerald Hill " ("Very good of you, old man.") Mr. Bent : "I have been counected with Peter Johns and Waygood. Every man in the establishment will tell you — and Peter Johns and Waygood stand high amongst tbe industrial classes of the community " ("You're a liar!" Confusion worse confounded.) Mr. Bent : " I wm about to tell you that tho question of federation seems now to be the most importnnt " ("Oh, that's Btalo." "What do you know about federation?") Mr. Bent : " Being an Australian— " (" Yen, you're a beauty,") More sustained howling here supervened, amidst which Mr. Bent stood looking nt the audience iu a dazed way. He at length said, "I cannot of course a'tompt " and au intorjeotor added, "to go to tho poll." Mr. Bont tried hard to express himself further to the effect that ho expected a "fair field and no favor," and Monsieur Viotor, tho pugilist, who sat. at the back of tho platform, put in a word for him,, accompanied by a characteristic shrug of tho shoulders. But Monsieur Victor, who, by the way, is bald, was told to "get his hair cut,!' and there was moro laughter than ever. With a Frenoh accent, Monsieur Victor expostulated, "You caunot hear zc man spikkon," and Mr. Bent mopped his brow in ailenco amidst the ap palling noise. The candidate was aroused again into the attitude of an active volcano by a yell from omo ono, " We'll keep you out of Parliament." "You won't I" said Mr. Bent, with a dogree of ficrcenoss, aud then thero wero answering assur ances from the tumultuous audience, " We will !" Following this episode, Mr. Bent abandoned the attempt to make a speech, saying as tho audience would not hear him he would answer questions. Then someone asked, "Does the candidate think he has a ghost of a show?" Mr. Bent got out answcis to ordinary political questions to the effect that he in a believer in members of Parliament being directors of build ing societies and finnnoinl institutions. Ono mau one rote is a prinoiple ho will not support, but ho favors one voto for a man's ' residence and another for thrift represented by ownership of land. Ho would give a roto to seamen. As to the Companies Bill introduced by tho Tumor Government, Mr. Bont will not upjiort it. "I have been in companies," he said, "and lost my money like a man." "Lost other people's money you mean," somo ono suggested. And then tho audience got on to the vexed subject of Mr. M'Mahon at Brighton. Mr. Bent declared hintielf agroeablo to tho establishment of a Govcrnmont Labor Bureau, and when some ono asked him, "Are you in favor of limited Sunday hading ?" he answered with a snap, "lam." Mr. Bent also announced him self a supporter of a tax on unimproved land values. Another prolonged uproar here arose, respect ing which Monsieur Victor was loud in® his remonstrances on tho side of law and order. "Keek com oud," he yelled, in allusion to a leading disturber. When a slight abatomont ensftcd, the ohair- mau, who had a souse of humor, said, " This is a very sensible question. LiBten. " Aro you iu favor of imported iron boiug manufactured iu tho colony?" Great laughter greeted this conundrum, and Mr. Bent, in roply, snid,j"Iam in favor of making Bailarat city a seaport town." Tho candidato further described himself to approve of the passing of an amended Factories Bill, but not if it iuvolved a quarrel with the Legislative Council. Ho said be docs not sup port leasing tho railways, he would favor compulsory arbitration in labor disputes, and would gradually reduce high protective duties. Asked if ho thought Dr. Bride should be reappointed in charge of tho Publio Library, ho replied in the affirmative. " But aro there not other men for tho position ?" some one queried. "Oh, yos ; plenty," rejoinod Mr. Bent. " I am a good man, I would take it myself if you would put mo there." Mr. Bent stated he is not in favor of local option without compensation, nor abolishing tho Marine Board. Reform in tho Upper IIouso would meet his approval if it woro to be achieved by reducing the pronorty qualification to £50, and redistributing" the constituencies A black olector asked liirn, "Are you in favor of colored men boing in the police force." Mr. Bent pointedly responded, " I do not want any colored people hero at all," whereupon thero was anothor laugh, and Monsiour Victor remarked, "Zat ees fnir oud straight anyhow." Many other questions wero answered by Mr. Bent whioh wero administered by tho audience and acceptod iu serio-comic manner. A continuous disturbance was kept up all tho evening, and the candidate's unpleasant position was once accentuated by having to put up with the overtures of a drunken man,, who invaded the platform and spat red all around him in a circle, to tho unmingled dolight of tho crowd. It was only just ns this deadly earnest individual was about to lot out for Mr. Bout's frontispiece that strong hands wero laid upon him, and ho was, so to speak, hauled off at the wings. The finalo waa reached when tho chairman declined to put any more question. Mr. Bent, in all seriousness of demeanor, then 8 aid, "From the bottom of my heart I thank yon for tho kind atteution you hnvo given me." "What arc you giving us?" some man wanted to know, and onoo more the placo almost rocked with laughtor. Mr. Bent tried to induce tho meeting to givo the chairman the hearty vote of thanks whioh ho roally deserved, but things woro too mixed, and Mr. Hodge closed the memorable entertniumcut abruptly, it is almost needless to say, without nskni" ti e assemblage whether it held Mr. Bont to be a fit and proper person to" represent Melbourno South in the Legislative Assembly. 