RQSINE'S ROMANCE. When MIsb Margarot oarafully withdrew tea drees from the great codar trunk, un pinned the old damask tablo-oloth whioh enveloped It, and spread out its shining folds for the admiration of her nleoe, Rosine, that young lady clasped her pretty hands and quoted Keats— "A thing of beauty is a joy for over," she said. Miss Margaret codded and smiled. She wab small and round, and brown as a maiden lady of a docidodly certain age could be. But her heart, which had been full of sentiment onco, was a warm and soncltlvo organ still, and she took a deal of intorest In Roslue's romance, “ Yes, my dear, it is a thing of beauty ; and to think that I never ware it bnt twfeo. Dear, doar !” “You had a lover thon, auntie?" asked " Yes, pet. This was one of the dresses I got for my marrbgo j but he went away— on business, he said—and he never came baok. It is just tho gown for your fancy dress ball,’’ harried on Miss Margaret, “ A trifle Bbort, of course, but there is quite a piers turned in at the top that yon oonld let down, You ehsll go as a lady of long ago." “Not so very long ago," protested HoBlno, with a laugh, “But really, auntie. I don’t like to take It; it is too lovely,” “ Not for a raiment of war? Bemember yon are going to conquer the dragon.” " That is so." The foe against whom Miss Roelno Wilde purposed arraying herself was the obdurate uncle of her handsome lover, He had promptly and perversely opposed the mar riago of his nephew. The young fellow would have Ignored tho refusal of hlB rela tive, wore it not that the old gentleman had i always been very kind to him ; had, indeed, taken the plaae of bis dosd father. So he had decided that Roeino should meet his ancle and put his prejadloe to rout. “ Ho is comiug to visit an old friend of his," Cyril had oaid. “ You know the Chartreau family. Of oourse, you have hoard they are going to give a fanoy- dross ball next month in honour of tho coming of ago of their daughter Lisette. You will receive a card. Yen -sill attend, You will meet Unole Albert, and you will take his hoart by storm." Hopefully ho had planned his scheme, en thusiastically he had explained It. Bnt Roaine protested. It was to bo a grand ball, and she had nothing to wear. Besides, eho did not like tho idea of plotting to make a person like hor ; and— " Bl038 you,” criod Cyril, ho doesn't dis like you. I don't bolievo ho even knows your neme. Hie resentment is general, not particular. As soon as I told him I waB in love he kiokod at once. It Beams a girl jilted him whoa ho was young, and he is bound to save me from a like awful fate. But when ho once sees you he is bound to oapitnlato. Ha Is a regular old brlok— Oriole Albert,” '* But I have nothing to wear, and what is more, I cannot buy a dress for tho Chartreau ball. We—Aunt M.-.rgiret and I—are sb poor as tho proverbial church mic?,” Rut jnst then Mlsa Margarot oamo to Bosino’s relief, like a fairy godmother. “ The vory thing," she cried ; " my pri rose satin." Roaine regarded her dubiously—dolij todly. She knew her aunt had slw; guarded jealously her trunk fall of troasu: —her jewels, hor laces, her rich, etiff, gi tenlng old brocades, ‘■Do yon mean it, suatio “ I do, my dear. 1 wa3 young onco n self,” And that was how Roslne Wilde came to bo the belle of Mmo, Chartreau’o fancy dress ball. The proposed festivity had been the talk of tho town for several weeks. The night long anticipated was oool, crisp, and sweet. Tho broad- balconied old resi dence of St, Oharles-streat was brilliantly lighted up. When Rosine descended from the barouche of her chaperon Bhe felt some what nervous, though oonsoioua she was looking remarkably well—as, Indeed, she was- Qaite a picture was the pretty young figure in tha dinging gown of pale yollowlsh satin, picturesquely puffed and quaintly fashioned. The corsage, cut roundly, re vaalod the firm, fuT throat, Dainty mouse akin swathed the arms, which, if slender, wore also exquisitely rounded ; and the email, olive-tinted face was lit to lovdiness by pansy blaok eye?. A flash ef adoration sucoo6ded tho serene nonchalance of Cyril Rodnoy'a oountenanco as ho oaught sight of her. Ho made his way to hor side. “ Queen Rosine,” he murmured ; “ you’re by far the prettiest girl here te- nlght. Poor Unole Albert; how oomplete will be his surrender." She swept him a mocking curtesy. ‘‘Ah !" she said, smilingly, " If that con viction ware bnt mine-" The silence ended in a long, soft sigh. And off he went. Ho soon returned.’ By his elde was a sturdy old gentleman. Rosina’s heart beat more rapidly. “ The dragon,” she said to hersolf. Silvery hair had the dragon; a dark mouataoho had the dragon; a florid com plexion had the dragon ; and a manner that was grave, dignified, and cenrteous. “Undo Albert,” oxahlmed Cyril, with boyish eagerness, "this is MIeb Boslne Wildo.” “Wilde!’1 Tha old gentleman started peroeptlbly. He looked at the blushing girl—at tho yollowlsh gown. He bowed, 11 And,” avowed young Rodney, sending his sweetheart a swift smile of encourage ment, “ and—tho young lady o! whom I spoke te you.” ” Oh,” exclaimed Albert Ella worth. Then Interrogatively, “Wilde? Was your fnthorB immeCiftyton Wildo?" Roslno amented. “And your mother’s maiden name was Margaret Kingsley?” " Oh, dear, no ! Aunt Margarot was novor married. My mother’s name was Madeline Kingaioy,” "Eh ?” cried tho dragon. Tho florid colour had faded from his checks. Ho was tngglng nervously at his dark moustaohe. He looked agitated and perplexed. 1 My mother died ton years ago," s Rosine, “and since thon I have I (fed w Aunt Margaret,” Mr Ellsworth regarded her grimly. u I0 that,” ho asked abruptly, ,f y *unt‘s gown yon h&vo; on ?M Tho soft roeo fire in the girl’s oho doepened. How In tho world did you know ?" counter questioned, replyqaeer' 'V£wcring 8mil» was his oi A constrained silence ensuod, Cyril ai .. o ?ra“ »«t°»iBhed glanoe. BiS'ssy;" “id ‘If she Is,” cried Rosine, stung defenoe by a remark aha considered fn lover.”60*1180 °h0 W£B ttne t0 an unworl “Eh?” ejaculated Mr Elhworth, m sharply than before. And suddenly turned and walked away. * The following day ho Insisted on oompanylng hla nephew to tho udstocra old houso whoro Rosine lived. As tl wore pasting tho vaultod entrance to 1 little flagged courtyard, Albert Ellawo caught eight of a familiar figure mov! among the potted palms and boxes of blooms. " Go on, lad," he said to Cyril. He had paused and was looking through tho brief avenue of gloom to the brightness beyond. Cyril was about to qneatlon this new vagary when the thonghl of a peoullar possibility made him catoh his breath. He bnooked at the barred blaok door, and was admitted tc-SosItfe's radiant presenoe; and meanwhile hla nnole went into the oourt yard. Tho little old lady standing by the door looked up at the sonnd of his step. " Margaret 1" he oried. Mias Margaret gazed at him in a dazed, half-frightened way. Did ghosts ever ap pear In the daytime ? Stouter than he whom she had known, and with hair grown grey ; bnt the same. Aronnd her, in a fan taatlo danoe, everything went whirling. She didn’t faint, bat Bhe came nearer to it than she had over come in hor life. “Did yon think I had deserted yon, Mar garet ? When I left yon to go abroad on business I believed in you as I’ve never be lieved in any one slnoe. And while away I heard and read that yen had married that yonng Wilde I used to be so jealous of. So I Btayed away,” “ Bnt Clayton Wilde married Madeline. I always told yon he oame to see her.” *' Yes, I know that—now, I was a fool to. have been bo easily oonvinced of yonr falsity. Yon haven’t changed a bit. I knew you the moment I saw yon.” Miss Margaret smiled delightedly. She did not know he had expaoted to see her. “ I never forgot the dress you wore the last time I saw you,” deolared Mr Ells worth, waxing fervent. ,;I reoognlsed it on your nleoo last night.” " Last night ? Are yon—surely you are not the dragon ?” “ Whs-at?” " The—the dragon 1 ’ faltered MIbb Mar garet. Mr Ellsworth still looked blank. " That,” murmured the little lady, feel ing she was in for It and might as well make a clean breast, "was what RoBlne and I called Cyril’s uncle; and Iloaino was going to oonquer him.” He burst ont langhing. " Well, she did, Tho boy shall marry Madeline's pretty daughter ; and yon, Mar garet, you'll marry me !” "Oh, dear, no ; I’m too old.” “ Not a day,” "Andngly—now." “ Loveliest woman in the world to me,” insisted the dragon, loyally. 11 Bless you, my ohlldren,” oried a voioe from above, The pair in the oenrtyard glanoed np. On one of the inner balconies stood Boaine and Cyril. "Vanish, you soampa 1” roared the dragon, "I shan’t allow you to marry, air!” shouted baok Cyril, as he and Eeelne beat a brisk retreat. Laughing and hreathless they faced eaoh other in the old drawing-room. '• Every thing is lovely, sweetheart 1” oried Cyril in an eoatacy._ 