IT is customary ail the world over this season of at the year to send forth congratulations, and a very good custom it und uibtedly is. Of all modem English writers no one has appealed more deeply to the heart than the author of Pickwick. Everyone knows by rote his Christmas stories, •everyone leineinbtrs how even the miser, SCROOGE, was affected by Christmas memories. And so it will be to the end of the chanter. Nowhere aie such influences more felt than in communities such as ours. From all portions almost of the globe can representatives be found in Norseman. Some wander in recollection to the homely Christmas tree decked with multi-coloured candles, and gilted nuts, to others the Weinachisbaum is a reminiscence of childhood, whilst to man) V arbrc de Noel represents scenes of the happy past. To each and everyone of us Christmas has some special meaning. Whether our thoughts wander to the adjoining colonies or countries beyond the sea, in most, resuects thev are identical Many amongsr us liave wives and children in distant homes, others brothers and sisters, everyone of us dear and devoted friends. At this season in far-off households hearty good wishes will echo in many hearts for us out here in the far West, and from here equally heartfelt wishes will go forth. It is this very knowledge that renders our existence bearable. Were it otherwise, all the wealth of the world could not succeed in keeping us here. Money is not everything. It is olten said to be the Cod of advanced civilisation, but such theories are rarely borne out by fact. The.e is a " crimson thread " far more powerful, far more lasting, than Mammonworship. In our heart of hearts th s fact is acknowledged, and not only on rare occasions. It is proved week after week by the anxious crowds waiting delivery of the Eastern mails. Even in .our limited community what scope would this render for the painter's art ? On some faces sad disappointment shows the non-arrival o f the expected letter from •' home," on others the receipt .of good news is betokened by sanies. Again, with what awe, with what pale and wan faces does one see the stalwart miner hesitatingly break open the envelope. By the last mail he learned that one of his dear ones was sick, almost beyond the hope of recovery. He dare hardly open the letter. At last he makes up his mind, and it requires no words to be assured that the little one is still safe. Such thoughts are ever with us, and doubly so at the present moment. Wheresoever our relatives and friends may be, no more hearty Christmas greetings will go forth tha« from Norseman, and when on Christmas morning the bells ring their merry carol there will be many an affectionate remembrance for .everyone of us out Jaere- To all this THE MINER must add its quota. Although only a modest little journal, it is growing up with the town. By next Christmas it is expected that Norseinan will be an important centre; if these anticipations prove correct, THE MINER will also by then have gained in importance. Although only, as has been said before, "a modest little journal, THE MINER is as heaity in its good wishes as if it were " a thunderer," and to everyone in Norseman— man, woman, and child—THE MINER wishes a. " Very Merry Christmas." Mr. W. H. Angove, in his wisdom, has addressed the most extraotdmary report on our field to the Minister of Mines. As long as men, so utterly in experienced in mining, arc chosen by tut: Government for important mining posts, so long can no value be attached to department, d reports. Mr. Angove may be a most ex< elh nt surveyor; he may be able to draw plai s exact in stale, and resplendent in bright colouring, but all this is no qualification for reporting upon mines. Why, it may be asked, will the Government always attempt to lill a lound hole with a square peg ? It is almost a matter for astonishment that the linen diap.rs' shops in Adelaide were not r<: quisitioned by the Cioveriunent to supply a mining inspector for Norseman. An)thing will dolor Not.u 111.111, even Mr. Angove. It i.s not be cause the report under review is a mass ot inconsistencies that the above remarks have been made, but for a far more substantial reason. It betrays the most crass ignorance of the entire subject touched upon. 1 h ive the honour to report that mining on this field ;it the present time is not in such a sa'isfactory state as 1 would wish," says the inspector. Thank you Mr. Angove, for your kind solicitude. Is it tibial for C. iverment officials to exnte-;s their own w slies in such a determined manner--it reminds one of children wishing for the visit of Santa Clanc, and hanging up their stt ckings. It is Christmas time, hence, no doubt, Mr. Angove's wishing 1110-h1 To talk seriously how can the field prosper with £2$ per ton carriage? The whole matter of our prosperity lies in a nutshell. Given a railway, Norseman will count amongst the foremost fields of the colony ; without the iron horse it were better at once to abandon the entire district, to b- 1< oked af:er by Mr. Angove and such like specialists. Everybody knows some leases have been aband >ned; it is marvellous that far more have not been thrown up, and the mere fact of this not having been done proves the confidence of the inhabitants of Norseman, and all this in spite of Mr. Angove. Again, upon the question of water, the rains of the last few days are the best arguments against the balderdash in the report. Why, enough rain has fallen to fill dams sufficiently large to work thousands of stamps. Now, Mr. Angove is a surveyor, and no doubt a very admirable one. In the name of all that is righteous, let the Government instinct him to cart his theodolite about our hills for the purpose of locating dams, and let them be properly constructed. He would be far more suitably employed than in wasting Goverment foolscap in writing mining reports. tains for the first time in the history of Norseman 56 columns. A careful perusal will show that neither time, labour, nor expense hive been spared in order to give Norseman a paper worthy of the occasion. On page 1 will be found a complete history of Norseman since the beginning ; pages 2, 3. and 5 contain original stories and poems sent in for our Christmas competition, Our readers will confess that the literary talent in Norseman is of no mean order. In a separate paragraph the names of the prizewinners are given. On page 6 appear plans of and reports upon two of our principal mines. Our first Christmas number is now launched, and the decision of our good masters—the public—will say whether it is to their liking or not. Our Christmas competition has succeeded beyond all expectations, and to decide the. prizes has become a most difficult task. To Mr. W. J. P>ell for his poem " The Prospector's Letter," is awarded a prize of £1 is; to Mr. Clarrie Wilson, the author of the highly interesting and blood curdling story " My Ghost," is likewise allotted a prize of £1 is ; whilst to Mr. Oelman, for his able article on the railway question, we have also much pleasure in awarding £1 is. Cheques for the various prizes will be forwarded to-day. All the contributions merit prizes. On New Year's Eve in Benstead's new hall there will be given a select dance. The committee which has the matter in hand consists of Messrs. E. Dane, N. Woodman, and P. L. Quinn, from whom tickets may be obtained. With a view to making the gathering a select one, the executive has decided to issue tickets at 15s, ladies bv invitation. This celebration will afford an excellent opportunity of bidding adieu to the old year and welcoming the new. Attention is called to a meeting of the " Norseman Boys " to be held on Thursday evening at the Criterion Hotel for the purpose of arranging a sports programme for New Year's Day. A very good idea, and one that should meet with success. At a meeting of the Railway Leacuie committee held on Monday ni»ht, a hearty reception was accorded Mr. Vosper, the Coolgardie delegate. Reference to another column will show that amass meeting is to be held this evening to hear Mr. Vosper's address. Every man in Norseman should attend. Lovers of the noble art of self defence should make a point of attending the excellent contest adver ised to take place on Boxing, night at Krakouer's Hotel, between Jack Mitchell and Arthur Thompson. There will be several other good bouts. A meeting of the committee of the Mechanics Institute was held yesterday afternoon, present Messrs. Austin, Krearson, Lloyd, Dixon. A discu si JII took place on the subject of the prcp( sed building, and it was decided to obtain cost of erecting the three front rooms according to the oiiginal designs, without the verandah. It was d cided that as d lliculties had 1 een raised by Mr. Leigh with regard to the power of the trustees to gnnt a lease, all negotiations ce ise. The book committee was requested to present a report at next meeting. A geological museum is in course of formation at Co .lgardie, and the promoters are anxious to secure samples of typical rocks and ores from all pirts of the fields. These, when acquired, will be placed in suitable cases, duly classilied and labelled with the names of the mine, dLtr'c, and the doner, thus giving a permanent advertisement for the two fo iner. Mr. Vosper is honorary collector, and will be glad to receive any rock or mineral which mav be donated, lie is also a large collector for the Perth Government Museum, and if duplicates are sent in one will be forwarded to each of these institutions. On Sunday a sad death occurred in the hospital. The deceased, Arthur C. King, was a ''lieu enant" in the Salvation Army, and was lii'st taken ill last Kiiday week. Death was due to a severe attack of dysentery. The late "lieutenant" catue to Norseman some four months ago from Menzies. He had been an officer in the army for live yeais, and his life was devoted to the cause. The funeral took place on Monday at 11 o'clock, and a goodly number followed his remains to the last resting place. " Captain " Sutton wishes to thank the public, through TIIE MINER, for its kind sympathy, and to announce a memorial service at the Methodist Church on Sunday. A visit was receivod yesterday from Mr. Arthur E. Clarke, who has been appointed local officer in charge of public works and also local Government architect. His services will extend to Dunda". It is to be hoped that Mr. Clarke is as glad to come to Norseman as the town is to benefit from his sci vices. 