THE REPRESENTATION OF \ PORT CURTIS. j MB. BOLES AT CALLIOPE. j Mr. J. Bolee, «lie member for l'ort Curtis in the late Assembly, ÍB seeking re-election by thal constituency, and on thc 7th institut addressed tho electors in the School of Art«, Calliope. The hall was comfortably filled. Mr. C. Ullman presided. The following re- port of the proceedings is taken from thc Gladstone Obnervcr: The Chairman said they were al! aware what thc meeting was called fur. Ho intro- duced to them Mr. Boles, who was a candidate for Parliament. He was almost certain they would agree with him that Mr. Boles had done his duty siuco ho entered the House, and was the right man in the right place. (Applause.) They would give him a good hearing he knew, for a Calliope audience alwayB behaved in a very orderly manner. ; (Applause.) Mr. Boles's rising was the signal for re- newed applause. He thanked their worthy chairman for the inauner iu which he had opeued the meeting, and the people of Calliope for the splendid audience they had given him. He intended to l>c its brief SB he could, consistent with I lie time necessary to give a fair explanation af the different matters that would receive his attention. He referred the meeting back to thc time oi the lost election, when he challenged the occupier of the seal, and a considerable amount of capital was mada by his opponents stating that if be were returned the progress of the district would bc at stake. The assertion appeared to him os a contradiction, as those who knew their past history would recognise that progress wus something they never appeared lo experience. Alt hough t hey pos- sessed a highly auriferous district that for years bad been giving steady returns, a district that HUB a good pastoral area, and besides this possessed a port second to none in Australia-(hear, hear)-yet it was a fact worth mentioning that tiley had become so unimportant that many Southern Ministers only knew that such a place as Gladstone existed-its exact geographical position they were not quite sure about. What a com- mentary on the affected dread of the so-called apostles of progress, aud what was their chatter about strangling progress worth ! So much, however, was attempted in this direc- tion that he felt bound to promise that if be could not show fair results within a reason- able time tie would resign. That pledge he intended to keep. But what was the result? Although he entered Parliament as a new member and at a time when the affairs of the colony were in a most critical condi- tion, at a time when members wore almost chargeable with a breach of the standing ' orders if they attempted to approach the Government with local grievances or a request for publie money, yet notwithstand- ing the odds he had to contend against, he could now look back on bis stewardship ot three years-after wading through a sea of difficulties and fighting an uphill game-and fairly lay claim to some credit for assisting the district into prominence. If some denied him this credit, he could console himself with the knowledge that outside the district he had gained some repute, and considerable credit from the leading journal of the colony for his exertions from time to time in putting forth the claims'of Port Curtis. (Applause.) He was heavily handicapped, being new to Parliament and in Opposition. The interests of the district were always paramount to those of party, and this compelled him to take up a more independent stand. He desired to be of some service, and he desired to prove, if possible, to those who had honoured him with their confidence that confidence was not misplaced. (Hear, hear, and applause.) If he could be of no service, if his efforts were to fall absolutely, then he did not desire to remain in Parlia- ment. He claimed that he had been instrumental in bringing about many con- cessions, but he regretted that he had not received the support that be felt he was entitled to. His predecessor always had a strong, active local body working behind him during the months Parliament eat, which was of considerable assistance to the member and to the district also ; hie predecessor had also tho reputation of pos- sessing influence besides ability. If so, and his supporters found it necessary to give him assistance, how much more necessary was it to himself, -as a new member. This had been denied him, and the result was, though some- thing had been gamed, yet a good deal might have been obtained had the assistance re- ferred to been forthcoming. The battle had been single handed, and what was worse, in applying for concessions that he deemed the district was entitled to, he bad to approach Ministers in a surreptitious style, not making bis Intention known to his constituency until achieved, as he bad good reason to know there were individuals in the district ready ta pull the strings to block bim, not because the claims he put forward were not re- quired, but in order to satisfy a bias against himself, and to prevent him from felting credit for his work. (Applause.) te had good reasons for holding this view, and what was more, could prove it to the hilt, and he mentioned the matter now in order that those who were broad-minded enough to give credit where credit was due would see that his task as a representative was not a bed of roses. It was one thing to urge authorities to grant concessions ; it was more difficult to have to do it so as lo foll the attempts of those who were on the alert to block. Had his mission been merely to satisfy a passing desire and to take up a position in Opposition, making up sensational speeches to fire across at tbcGovernment, well his task would have been a comparatively easy one. But he felt he bad a higher duty to perform ; he thoroughly believed iii the advice tendered by thal great man, Michael Davitt-to gain what was possible for thoso who had honoured him with thc position, and that bad been his constant aim. (Ap- plause.) On the question of Separation a considerable amount of capital was made, in fact it was a potent lever for his opponent at the last election. The Government, of which his opponent was a supporter, possessed so little merit that it became expedient to introduce a side issue tu throw aside the question for the momont, tn frighten credu- lous wage-earning voters. Had his opponent been favourable to Separation, those who bellowed loudect against it would still have been his supporters-it was merely a bogey of the anti-separstist to bring about his defeat. After an experience of three years ho could challenge his opponent or any of his satélites to show that Port Curtis had lost by coalescing with the Central buuch ; on thc other hand, foe could prove that the gain had been con- siderable. The speaker then referred to th . aucicnt jealousy between Gladstane and Rockhampton and asked what did thc latter lose or did Gladstone gain by it ? The answer to both questions must be a negative. Rock- hampton, by the large amount of influence it waB always able to wield, lost nothing, whilst Gladstone, hy her altitude of standing alone, had remained ia comparative in- significance, the condition of the place for a large number of years affording the strongest proof of that. He claimed that hu hud brought ubout what uu ! other representative hud done since QueeiiB- j land became a colony-uuanimity of opinion ¡ among Central members on questions affect- j ing the welfare of this district. And j although he had almost the full support of the Central party, especially those of Rock- hampton, he bad never, not even ou queutions I that Koch hampton was supposed to be directly iutcrcslcd in, failed lo challenge : them if it occurred lo him that Hie undoubled ! rights of Port Curtis were being overlooked. : It was said thnt Rockhampton was opposed j to railway communication willi Gladstone;! he bud heard this parrot cry for a number of [ years from the older rcsidenta. Doubtless they thought so-they would hold thal ppinlon until they di.il, and if lhere were I such things as gltoBts their ghosts would cou- 1 tinue to cry out that Rockhampton was1 ("jjiinaç Gladstone, (Loud laughter.) He' ni prepared to judge such by resulta, and j 1 lie asserted that tho records of the past 11 Parliament would prove the fallacy of such a i statement. Repeatedly both Rockhampton ' members had asserted their willingness to support this question at any time if tho ; Government would bring, it on. Kef ci ring to the opposition of Mr. Callan to their railway, thc speaker said he WHB a Southern mau, with Southern ideas, an individual that was viewed by tho Central party as tho "wet blanket" ot the division, thc most insignificant of the j Government supporters, so insignificant thal, Hansard reporters did not think him worth while reporting. Mr. Callan knew that be would get no quarter from the Central mem- bers, and hud struck out for himself, thinking that he would arouse ti feeling of sympathy among those on thc Government side who were known to be in a general way opposed to our railway. Mr. Archer might not. again seek a scat io the Legislative Assembly, as he was getting old, but Mr. Curtis, who was a live member and thc leading politician of tho Central Division, whether Separation look place or not, would take a prominent part in public affairs for some years to come. He was fully loyal to th« question, apart from tho benefits that would arise by thc Centre having the manage- ment of its own affairs. Port Curtis had all to gaiu ; in fact ho went as far us to say that if Separation became accomplished, which depended to a great extent upon the action of the Northern people, Gladstone had fully equal chances with auy other town of becom- ing thc capital. This bold assertion would be considered too strong by some of thc Glad- stone wiseacres, but he made thc assertion not without possessing some knowledge of what he was taking about. Gladstone offered special advantages, which could not bc over- looked either by the Imperial Commission, or a Royal Commission from the local Legisla- ture. He did not propose to give a resume of thc work of Parliament. He believed that every elector was to a great extent seized with what had been done, and although it was an ordeal to sit and take part during the weary discussions that led measures to thc statute book, he was not going to add insult to injury by attempting a rehash of the process, (lut of the whole, numbering nearly one hundred measures, passed into law daring Parliament, almost all were of a patchwork description ; not one partook of a statestnaoshiporiginality that promised to expand the undoubted re- sources of this colony. Then thc conduct of the Government throughout Parliament was scarcely what would come within the category of ordinary decency ; any body of men except those with an unsatisble thirst for office would be prepared to stand oe fall by their measures. What had been their experiences? Why every now and then they were getting de- feated, at which times they would get up like so many schoolboys and say "Now that wasn't fair ; wc muBt have it over again." In the interval they would nobble a few of their malcontent supporters, or Induce them to stand outside thc bar whilst the vote wat being taken, and in other ways they gained a victory. Throughout Parliament the Govern- ment held office by a series of surprises. Thc House drifted about like a ship without a rodder, at the mercy of a few of their owu supporters who chose a policy of stagnation to that of the Labour party-in fact, thc Labour party bogey had stood the Govern- ment in good stead, which they were nevei tired of not only voicing in the House but outside. He held that whatever might be said against the policy of the l abour party he contended that they were justified in fighting the Government with their own weapons, The Government possessed no polioy or any. thing that by a stretch of imagination conld be construed into a policy, and he contended that had the country been placed under th> guardianship of an administrator, and Mini- sters and Parliament dispensed with, th« colony would have got on equally as wei!, (Hear, hear.) The Government were con- tinually pilfering the policy of the Opposi tion ; when they came into office their modi of railway construction was by laud grant this was according lo the gospel preached by tho ungodly Coalition that preceder] them, who gave out that Queensland nae come to its end of borrowing, and that al railways in future must be constructed by thi new method. Well, they have lived to set tilia Boodlewraithian scheme fizzle out, and tin Goveromeut prepared to eat humble pie bj adopting the works policy of the Opposition The recent bunch of railway proposal! brought down was like dangling a bunch o carrots before these elections to help thi Government back to office. (Applause) Some of their railway proposals were about the grossest jobs ever placed before a Parlia ment, and he thought the Opposition was en titled to Borne credit for the stand they tool to prevent the country from being plundered, Out of six Ministers, four had to have rail wa] baits toassisttheir re-election. One of these the famous Mirani-Cattle Creek proposa waa knocked out ; others, perhaps less pre tentions, were allowed to go-in any case i was not a populsr thing to block publii works, a policy the Opposition had beei contending for. Another of these lines wai found to bc too pure for the unsophisticated o that pious asylum, thc Upper House, and thej followed suit and knocked one out also. Ol the whole, the Government had done little tc claim any merit. Had it not been for thi Triennial Parliaments Act, previously passer by the wisdom and foresight of that polisher democrat, Mr. Groom, they would have har no railways this year ; in fact, the bunch o railways brought down was the stranges proof that the Government realised that tliei policy ot drift and stagnation was repugnan to the fecliugB of the country, and forced thci hands to meet the wishes of the people. The; had gone through a period of depression which the Government was not blameless it bringing about ; their abrupt stoppage o public works in 1892, and the bowl the' raised after the maritime strike, caused a feet ing of unrest amongst those in tho old country who had money invested in colonial banks That feeling of confidence gave piuco ti distrust and the withdrawal of much mono; that produced a panic which terminate! as they know in the bursting of a num ber of banks. The Government appear-1 to bi in some dread, and he though they need bc, of being called to accoun for their past sins on the question o education. Their manifesto set forth thu they had no intention of impairing thc pre sent syBtem. It WUB not because they dir not desire to do so, bur. because they fount out thal the country would not have it Ministers had repcately etat d that thc colon; was paying far too much for education. Thei scurvy treatment of teachers a couple years back in the matter of retreuchmen offered some proof of this. Even the sinai concessions dragged out of them last year b; Mr. Groom's motion was agreed to in a half hearted way, and only when they found seven eighths of the House against them. Let un; one analyse n speech of Mr. Dalrymple, tin Minister for Education, in reply to Mr. Groom' motion. If there wore anything in the unyiuj that "coming events oust their shadow before them," lliat speech « ns nn index of tin feelings of the Government on the question which put into language meant thal if the; had their way tho general masses and indus (rial classes, especially in the outside districts wou'd have a mighty small chance of edu eating their children, lt seemed an anomaly ti him that the Government should take ai interest in (he industry of gold mining. Hi thought the more of this liccuusc lie was sun they were "uot. built that way." What would be thought of a mun that had thi power lo do n thing yoi refused to do it. Alic uhnt lind Mr. Tozer been doin^ during tin past live years that he had not carried out, ni attempted lo carry out, some of tho proposal set forth in his Gympie speech » fe/' weelu back. (Applause.) The reasau was obvious neither he nor his Government were sound on the question, yet it was expedient to »öfter thc hearts of tho miner at election timcB b) dazzling him with a shadow, tho substance ol which they never inteuded he should enjoy. Twa years ago they announced iu thc Govor. nor'» Speech that a Rill for mining or privat« property would bo brought down. Il Lhey possessed the interest they DOW appeared , ! to liavc in the welfare of thc digger, an>> ' thc great industry of gold mining, he asked i w hy waa not that bill put forward ! He asserted that their sympathy was not genuine, tiley hung up with the sanction of Parliament a bait in the form of a deep sinking vote, and outside thu realm of Parlia- ment, fenced it with cast iron regulations so that none but syndicators and mining boodlcrs could gut ii bile. What benefit was this to tho working digger, who often carried his life in his hands und spent his best years in exploring and developing the couuty. The upset price of thu Government in the pros- pecting vote, and thal at election time, waa a paltry £2000 ; at other times it would doubt- less be nil. To depend upon the Government was to depend upon a broken reed. (Ap- plause.) If anything were obtained for tho industry it had to be dragged om of them. He regretted that the mining members were not a coherent force ; but tho conditions of the goldfields were HO vastly different ; tho only field being in much thc same position with themselves was Ravenswood. In the first place I he gold warden should be stationed at Calliope, it being thc most central position of thc diBlriut ; to station him at Gludsloue wus as bad as plucing a policeman at the Marbleatonc for thc b.-nefil of Calliope. He believed from ll|c reports of such men as Captain Bennett, whose opinions he had often mude usc of to support his claim for works for the treatment of refractory on a, thul these works should be in a central position near Calliope, in order that such places as Norton, Mount Jacob, Tableland, and many others would bu within measurable distance. There j were some difficulties to overcome, bul lie had urged the matter ut different times, and he fell justified in saying that thc Minister was nol'ut ull disposed to look on ihc ques- tion unfavourably, but wanted first to know what the local people were prepared lo do. If he showed thal they had a tauglble scheme he would try and meet them. He assured his hearers that in this as well UB in other matters pertaining to mining his best efforts would be put forth to bring about the ad- vancement ot the industry. They were told that the question of federation bad quite seized thc Government, so much so that thc disfranchising of nearly 4000 persons was quite a secondary consideration. (Laughter.) If the Government told the honest truth they would say that they hud discovered that their posi- tion with thc country was not as rosy as they would wish, and they were driven to take advantage of every point and did not scruple to disfranchise a number of persons to gain an end. Well, they had some experience of the kind of liberty they were likely lo get from the Government, and he instanced the Peace Preservation Act, better known us the Coeicion Act, as one. The Hon. Mr. Byrnes, the Attorney-General, who posed as an Irish, man, could raise his voice as he had heard him in elegant style on the question of " Honit Rule for ireland," and the next day, so tc speak, search tho English statutes and there choose out three of the moBt dispicablc and villainous Irish Coercion Acts to make applicable to this couutry ; measures that ht muBt have kuown had never served u usefu purpose, measures that had caused untóle crime, suffering and misery ia that unfortu túnate country Ireland, measures that wen not iu touch with human sentiment. Wbci Mr. Byrnes could not only sit with a Govern ment that favoured such dastardly measures but actually championed them, he did no feel the least surprised ut his a. lion in dis franchising electors by a side issue on tht supposed interest in the question of federation The crest question on which these election would bc fought was socialism, a question no well understood, but it was, perhapB, a con venient bogey to ra¡Be by those on tin Treasury benches. Ho was not aware the socialism formed a part of the Deinocrutii programme, though some of those on thi outside plunk ol thc Labour movement mich hold extreme views. Nor was he aware tba socialism took a prominent place in th Labour party's programme. He hud neve heard a persou rant about a general divid< who was not sound on the question of clag representation. He desired to be understood and he said at once he was not a socialist much less could he countenance a polio of confiscation. He believed in governmeu by the people, of the people, und for th people. A government on such principle meant a government by the masses as oppose« to the classes. In that respect he was i Democrat. It was not well understood, bu it was a fact that in Continental countries i conflict was going on with individualism, ant in France, Germany, and Belgium thc collec tiviat party had succeeded in sending quite i fair number of representatives to the legisla ture. In England, if thc last election coull be takeu as an index, socialism bad not mad any progress. Ideal socialism, or the collec tivist's programme, embraced the nationalisa tion of land and all means of production distribution, and exchange. He was ootgoini to say that a state organisation of industr was impossible, for he sometimes thought tba there was a higher basis of civilisation thai that of personal interest. If all men wer endowed with equal capacity, socialism wouli perhaps be a vast moral improvement, hut th e cmeuts of success would have to reside in better humanity. It was not by any inheren impossibilities in socialism itself that it wa objected to ; the great moral and menta inequalities that existed in the human rac would make it impossible to govern huma' society on principles that demanded for th successful application thc suppression of that inbereut vices in our nature, that were lb very source of the evils themselves. Will regard to the opposition that had been set u against him, well ho expected opposition, am would tell his hearers that he was not goin| to attempt to bribe them by making bogu offers to buy out their selections at £6 pe acre (laughter aud applause), or induge in i lot of high falutin rot that could only cmanat from u political adventurer. Pori Cuni was, however, a most unwieldy electorate with places where no community of interés existed, and it did not surprise him to se opposition. After all, it was a question fa the electors. Every aspirant tor such position had to undergo, and rightly BO, a clos scrutiny, especially those who had previous!' taken part in public affairs, and as regard himself he was noe going to mince matters b palliation ; lie would resort lo uo deception he wished to stand or fall by his actions. ] thc electors thought they were going to ge better results -rom his opponent thun hiinsc] they would b- justified in returning hin: He had full confidence in the electo*B, but h felt, to uso an old aphorism, that before the; threw out their dirty water they would close! analyse the quality that was going to replac it. (Hear, hear, and applause.) In hiinscl thc electors knew he belonged to Port Cut Iii was one of thcm-elvcs in the full meaning c tlie term, ouo whose iutcrcsts were like tlici own, iuseparably interwoven with thc bettet ment or otherwise of the district's progress and one who had worked indefatigably t bring the district into prominence, and t serve the electors honestly and faithfully IVcrc they likely to get belier results frot one who tu all intents and purposes wa u meru udventurcr, a carpet-bagger ant bird of passage, n persou «vito possesBei not au atom of 6taku in the district, whoa sympathica were entirely with the South, an who four years ago hardly know thal such filace as Pori Curtis existed ; a person wh iud been employed all his life by a monetär; inslitutiou, was put forward hy a few of th malcontent sectiou us being thc right kind a person to throw dust in thc eyes of the sclec tors und miners (applause), who would get pension £150 n-ycar und go and reside in pokey place liku ipswich, aud from ther represent Port Curtis. That's what th Foote dynasty meant. He repeated, was i likely that a person who as a matter of fae knew nothing of their paBl history, their die triet, and the treatment it had received in th past, and possessed no Interest in it, would h anything more than u toting muchine for th present combination-a mere automaton fo thc Nclson-Bulcock parly. He fully expeetci he would he strongly opposed by the Govern tuent and those who had a strong antipath; to himsolf. Hil opponent had! never taken much Interest in polities, whereas he (Mr. Boles) had gained a good position and was able to pull the ropes in euch a manner that a new member could not hope to do. A new member had to learn how to do it. It was quite easy, but it bad to be learned. He had no great desire to remain in politics, but having done a little to bring thc district into prominence be thought with a further tenure ne could do more than some people seetned lo expect. (Hear, hear.) He quotud his advo- cacy of a railway to Tableland, Callide, aud across to thc Central linc IIB a work he mooted three years ago lo Sir Thomas M'llwraith, and one that might not be very far in the future. lu conclusion he would bc happy to rctcr to any questions that had been omitted or give information as to his past actions, or oller any explanation that bc might be asked for. He had nothing to conceal. He had already stated he hau ho particular desire to remain in politics, but when he found a large number of persons in all parts of the electorate anxious that be should do so, he thought a luau shnuld be prepared to make some sacrifice in thc interest of duty. (Applause.) If he felt the feeling were against him, or thal he had not been successful, he would have stood aside. He was still prepared to stand aside for a local man who had some stake in the place and who lie,ld thc same political views as himself. For such a man he would quite willingly stand aside, bat Mr. Foote had no stake whatever. (Loud and continued applause). After a lengthy pause Mr. \V. Cantrill asked thc candidate for an expression of opinion on the black labour question. Mr. Boles : I may say I have been opposed to it. Thc question docs not affect Port Curtis much because wc do uot grow sugar. I Black labour is doomed. In the course of a year or two the Kanaka will be gouc for ever. If confined to thc sugar fields I do not see that there is much harm in it. (Mr. A. M'Donnell : It would cripple a great in- dustry to wipe it out suddenly). I admit ? bat. At the present rate of production the supply of sugar will exceed the local demand before very long, and wc will then have to export, which will bring us into competition with sugar grown by cheap labour in other countries. (Mr. Ibbotson: What will become of it then. ) Ido not think we will be able to successfully compete. - Mr. Cantrill : I congratulate you upon your perambulation, but X want to know em- phatically are you in favour of black labour { -Mr. Boles : Ko, I am opposed to it. Hansard will show that.-Mr. Cantrill -, But I want it from you. You ure thc man I am going to vote for. (Loud applause.) I want you to down Foote, if you take two feet to do it.' (Laughter) Mr. Cantrill : Another question I wish to ask the candidate is; Boes he favour local autonomy, or government by shire councils. -Mr. Boles: Perhaps Mr. Cantrill will explain his question more fully.-Mr. Cantrill : It is a kind of mimic Parliament, for the benefit of those who paid rates. It is ls use in the old country at the present day. -Mr. Boles said he was favourable to a system of having rates expended where they were collected ; the Divisional Boards Act provided for that now to a large extent. Mr. Cantrill asked the candidate for an expression of his views on Northern Separa- tion.-Mr. Boles replied at length. He believed the return of a two- thirds majority to the new Parliament would induce the Im- perial Parliament to interfere. Central Queensland was in a much better position than the North, so far as exports went. Mr. Cantrill : Has the Government taken into consideration any scheme for pensioning the aged poor, besides sending thom to Dun- wich.-Mr. BoleB said he had visited Dun- wich and found the inmates moro comfortably situated than many outside.-Mr. Cantrill: In Germany relief is given the aged not aa paupers, but as former producers of the nation's wealth. Mr. Cantrill : Is the contingent vote in force still? I would liko to know, in case some person might give a vote to Mr. Foote or fourteen inches. (Laughter.)-Mr. Boles: Toe contingent vote will not be used unless a Labour candidate stands. I heard there was one man in Gladstone coming out as such. I hope my supporters will plump Btraight for me and give no one the con- tingent vote. It wa« introduced simply to bamboozle the electors. Mr. Ferguson : Will Mr. Boles support a subsidy for a bridge over the Calliope?-Mr. Boles : I am in favour of asking for a good deal, but whether the Government will grant it is another thing. Generally they can stund a good deal of aakiug ; I have had to ask them many times. When an application of that nature is made thc first question asked by the Minister is : What is the local authority prepared to do ? In the case of the Calliope River thc local authority would not do much, because it bad not the money. Mr. Boles referred to the offer ot £200 he received from the Minister for the Raglan bridge, which the Board refused to accept. He would bring the Calliope bridge proposal before the Minister. Mr. Cantrill joked wduld Mr. Boles sup- port a proposal lo block thc introduction of foreign labour during strikes?-Mr. Boles could not support such a proposal. It was impracticable, and would simply block thc introduction of capital into a country. Mr. M'Kean : Is our member in favour of a minimum wage on public works ?-Mr. Boles : Vee, I am in favour and will support that. Mr. J. Gardner : I propose a vote of con- fidence in Mr. Boles.-Mr. K. Stoueley : I beg to second it. (Loud applause.) The Chairman put the motion, and asked those in favour to put up their right hands. (A voice : I'll put up a fool; will that do? Laughter.)-The motion was declared carried unanimously. (Applause.) About fifty bands were held up for und none against. Mr. Boles thanked them. He believed Calliope would support him in this election as it did at the last. He thanked thc electors for the support acoorded him herc and in other centres ; it was some satisfaction and showed that his efforts were appreciated. If returned he would attend to the requirements of all who brought their grievances under his notice, whether friend or opponent. (Hear, bear.) He always made it a point of doing this ; especially would the selector and miner receive his support. If they had grievances they would be attended to if submitted to bim, and he had command of support from other members that at limes proved very useful. A vote of thanks to the Chairman concluded thc proceedings. A provincial lady opened a matrimonial intelligence office recently, but she married the first man who applied, and thc concern came lo a speedy cud. -uiely one of thc strangest applications ol science lo sports is that made by a certain bunter in India, says u writer in Vlmmx, w-ho calls in the aid ot the electric light to enable bim to make ? ure of his aim. It has been found almost impossible during thc daytime to draw tigers into thc open near thickly settled parts nf India. At night, however, this is cusily accomplished by placing a car- case in some convenient place, near which thc hunter may liu in ambush. But ufter the ligcr bus scented thc blood of thc dead animal, and has begun to tear tho carcase, it is difficult for the bunter to take aim in thc darkness. Accordingly, an electric light is hung right above thc carcase, and connected with thc sportsman's rifle. As lie approaches thc liger he lakes us good aim as possible; and when bc considers hiniBelf sufficiently near lo make sure of a kill, he presses the bulloo that turns on the light, Its appear- ance so startles the tiger that he remains motionless for a few seconds. Tigers arc not in the habit- of looking up, and it takes a little while before the animal realises whence thc new and strange illumination proceeds. TIIÍB pause, which bo makes before trying to cBcape, is quite long enough lo enable tho sportsman to take accurate aim, and to plant his bullet in a vital part. 