CHAPTER XIV.—MAUDE’S STORY. “I said I was Agatha’s sister; in-re ality, as you have heard, I was her half sister. Her mother had been my fath er’s best-loved wife, and she was his favorite daughter—two facts which I resented. Still we agreed fairly well, particularly as I was indifferent to ad- i miration. ' “ I was eight years older than her, and before she was out of the schoolroom, the romance of my life was over, when Cap tain Hesselthorpe was killed in the hun ting-field. "We had been engaged a year and our marriage was very near, when this terrible blow fell on me, and from that day X became a quiet, reserved wo man. Of course I went into society, but X did not care for it, and gradually Ag atha began to be regarded as the daugh ter of the house, while I retired into the background. “Even Clifford ,to whom I was pas sionately attached, made more of her, though she was only his half sister. It was not that she was so much more beautiful, for we were singularly alike. Both resembled our father, who was a very handsome man, but she was brigh ter, and full of life and passion, while I was calm and quiet. You have heard the story of the murder and Agatha’s disappearance on that night. “Well, I formed the opinion and so did my father that she must have known something of the murder, and we resolved never to see or speak; to her again. . My father died suddenly, and in bitter anger at her oonduct he excluded her from any benefit under his will. “I never met her again, but from a letter which she wrote to me just before sailing for San Francisco, I came to the conclusion that she knew nothing of the murder until long after we ha.d heard of it, and that we had blamed her unjustly. “I had vowed at the time of my brother’s murder to bring Martin Bar ron to justice, for I felt certain he was the murderer. Then when people hinted that my father had killed Clifford in his anger, because he would not give up Phyllis Blount, I took an oath that I would be revenged, and Agatha’s last letter only gave an additional stimulus to my desirt. . . j« “In that letter she gave me some proofs of Martin’s guilt. She had acci dentally discovered them, and from the time she left him until then, it had, she said, been a long struggle as to whether it was her duty to give those proofs to the police or to let him go free. At last she had decided to leave the matter in my hands, and herself leave England for ever. You have heard how the vessel was wrecked and only two or three sailors saved. “After that letter reached me, my aunt, with whom I resided in New York, was taken ill, and after a long illness, during which I could not leave her, she died. Then I came to Eng land, and at once went to Lady Cath cart, with whom Agatha had left the proofs she had named. I decided, how ever, that it would be wiser to have still stronger evidence before laying the matter before the police. Then you advertised, and I persuaded Lady Cath cart to act as reference, and so enable me to come here where I could keep my eye on Martin Barron. In order to l do this successfully, I was obliged to disguise myself, and Lady Cathcart strongly demurred to this and to me assuming a false name. However, I managed to convince her. that we should not be doing you any actual wrong, in so far that my character-Id*. which she vouched—was unimpeaeh [ able; moreover, while watching Martin I should do my best to be an agreeable companion to you. ; “The only untruth you were told was with regard to my age, which is thirty two, not thirty-five; but with my silvery wig I dare not own to less. So far, my opinion that I should gain proof by being on the spot has been verified. Alice’s disclosure regarding the presence of that girl in the house strongly confirm Martin's guilt. ( “I am quite certain she is not old Mr Barron’s illegitimate daughter, for I knew him well, and he was a good hon orable man. Martin takes after his mother’s family, who were a queer lot. If old Mr Barron knew that Phyllis Blount was a prisoner in his house it must have been an awfui trouble to him, and I have very little doubt has shor tened his life. “Whether the girl is Phyllis or not I mea,n to find out before long. Perhaps you wonder what I have been doing to night, and why I am not disguised? I will tell you; I want to frighten Martin Barron. To-night and once before he has seen me, and he believes I am the ghost of his first wife. Itkas alarmed him terribly, and he thinks it is a warning of danger in some form. “This will make him nervous, and a nervous man often betrays himself;' Thus before long my evidence may be strong enough to lay before the superin tendent of police, and then Martin’s punishment will be at hand. Now, Miss Sturt, I have told you all, and you know why I have come here under an assumed name. If you wish it, I will leave the Gables to-morrow, but I will not leave the neighborhood until my task is accomplished.” Grace put out her hand and clasped that of her companion. “You must not go. If you have been sailing under false colors, so have I. Did you know that Martin Barron mar ried again when he heard that his wife had been killed in Switzerland? Of course, when the report proved untrue, the marriage was illegal." Mrs Carruthers bowed her head as she “I heard that he had married again; also that when he was really a wid ower and could have atoned for the mis take, he cast the unfortunate lady off and married Alice Sturt, whom he be lieved to be an heiress.” “That is quite true, and I am the wo man he cast off,” said Grace, quietly.; but there was a depth of feeling in her tone which told the other woman how keenly she had felt it. “I knew that before I came here, and it made me feel that in bringing Martin's crime home to him, I should avenge you as well as myself,” said Mrs Carru “How did you discover that I was the woman?” “I employed a detective to trace you. When Agatha wrote to me prior to tak ing that fatal voyage, she informed me of the marriage, and expressed bitter regret that the mistake had arisen, say ing she felt as though she was fated to bring trouble on people, and regretting that it was out of her power to help you. She was so poor herself, and felt this all the more because she was certain Martin would leave you to your own re sources, (To be Continued.) 