' THE POLITICAL OUTLOOK IN i AMERICA. I Tlie history of tlio recent Presidential con- j test, as It is revealed by the American news- papers which came by the last mail, tends to confirm with sinister emphasis the prediction made by Mr. "VV. L. Alden in a magazine ar- | tide published some time before election | day, that "a defeat of the silyerites this j year simply postpones their victory for four j brief years." In politics it is even more difficult than in other things to predict ap- proximately what the course of events will be with respect to problematical ghosts which at present it seems impossible to lay, or oven whether men will think seriously about tliem a year hence. In the United States, for example, tlio previous Presiden tial election was fought on the fiscal issue, i with one candidate standing for protection j and tlio other for tariff reform in the direction of freetrade. The next one turned exclusive ly on a monetary pivot; ihe two candidates who polled virtually all the votes, and round ' whom the great mass of the people, rallied hotly, were those who stood for free coinage of silver at a legalised and speeilied ratio, I and tlie maintenance of the gold standard, j respectively. By the time it becomes neees- S Gary to again elect a President, some other i casus belli will, perhaps, have beeu fouud. Or tlie enthusiasm of the silver party may i have waned, and November's popular up- heaval be found impossible of repetition. But as far as we can judge by tlie consistently determined attitude and rapid numerical rrrnwHi nt' tluif- nnrtv In flit nnst. thn lninwu bitterness with which it nurses its alleged grievances against "the plutocratic east," and tlie effect, of its leaders' oratory on ! ignorant but oppressed sections of the great i American community, it appears not unrea- sonable to assume that, as Mr. Alden said, a i victory has been postponed rather than averted. It was pretty generally admitted that it the election had been held at or about the time when tlie two groat national conven tions selected their candidates, Mr. Bryan would assuredly have succeeded. It now ! turns out' that long after that the chances i were the same. A private canvass made ' by Republican managers when the campaign was in full swing showed convincingly that i M'KInley stood to be cast In a distinct mi- | nority in the Electoral College, which chooses the President. Then the Republican party gathered itself for a mighty effort. It had millions of dollars to spend, Bryan's ' supporters hardly any beyond tbe compara tively small sums the silver mining interests contributed. Accordingly, gigantic demon- | strntions and advertisements were organised, and the Union mapped out for tlie most ex haustive and curious political campaign ever ! seen. Military officers who had fought in j the Civil War, but had no political standing, were dragged from their retire- .....I I.. iliin/i(l f>\ rrA nlinnf /VII PI'lltnllM lllUUl, U1IV1 1IUIUVVU ' to advocate "the national policy." Special trains disgorged hundreds of such men, with State Governors and other upholders of ! existing institutions, at every important sta- tion, guns were tired and parades held in tlielr honor, and nothing was spared to im- | press the. American mind with the idea that i the "best people" were on tlie Republican i side.' However right tlio M'KInley platform ! may liave been— and certainly it was tlie sound one on tlio coinage question — the cam paign was conducted in sucli a way as to make tlie victory one of sentiment rather than reason. Yet, in spite ot' all this per sonal, historical, and pictorial Influence, In spite, too. of the support of about 2,000,000 Democrats who disbelieved iu free coinage of silver, Major M'KInley had tlie narrowest escape from defeat. Tlie changing of 100,000 votes in tlie west, It is asserted, would have left him In a minority! "We have submitted the Issue to the peo- plo, and their will is law," wrote Mr. Bryan in congratulating Major M'KInley. That had reference to the present only, however. In a manifesto issued immediately after wards Mr. Bryun declared that tbe friends j of bimetallism "have not been vanquished; they have simply been overcome." Signifi cantly reminding his party that the year 1900, when the next election is due, "is not far off," he rallied them thus: — In the face of an enemy rejoicing in Its victory, let the roll be called, and urge all friends of bimetallism to renew their allegiance to the cause. If we are right, as I believe we are, we shall yet triumph. Until convinced ot his error let each advocate of bimetallism continue to work. Let all. silver clubs retain their organi sation, hold regular meetings, and circulate liter ature. Our opponents have succeeded in this campaign, and must now put their theories to the test. Instead of talking mysteriously about "sound money" and "an honest dollar," they must now elaborate and defend a financial sys tem, 1 In other words, tlie Republicans are called upon to submit their doctrinas to that practi cal test which statesmen believe is invari ably a terribly severe one, while the free silver party, strong enough now to cast 144 votes as against the 20 they polled four years before, can stand by and fill the easy, showy, and frequently effective role of the adverse critic. So that it is quite probable that the silver party will gain great strength between the last and the next Presidential elections; tlie more probable because they have weeded out the Democratic "gold hugs" and become a self-contained party, and because, as Eng lish commentators on the election have been pointing out, M'KInley is the politician most likely, as President, to accentuate tbe griev ances which created tbe Populist, or Silver Party. "He will be as wax in the bauds of tbe great trusts and monopolies," says olio writer, "just as the Congress elected with liim will be eager to re-enact the prohibitive tariff which the manufacturing rings have paid for in enormous advances to the M'KIn ley campaign fund." If the Republicans ad here to tlie scheme they are now credited with— if Major M'KInley, ignoring his alarm ed pre-election statement that the real issue "was now the preservation or the destruc tion of tlie Republic," promotes a heavy pro tectionist tariff — they will simply play into the hands of the silverites, the mortgaged, the doctrinaires, the lawless, and the discon tented who have discovered in Mr. Bryan one of the greatest political leaders of the age. Over-production, the increased power given to monopolists, manufacturers, and rail way proprietors as against employees and consumers, and all tlie other evil conse quences of whole-souled protectionism may be expected to ensue, and all will be ascribed by tbe silverite, with more or less effect on the minds of the majority, to the refusal of tlie Republic to try to legally maintain silver at a false and Impossible value. In this way —as a revolt against oppressive conditions— wo may in 1900 see the United States de claring in l'avor of free silver, and trying the expensive experiment of using a coinage which, in the circumstances, must be base. That tlie remedy has no real effect on, or re lation to, the disease does not matter. Tak ing the ascertained facts as they are, it is inevitably plain that tlie silver standard has much tlie best chance of rallying the antl- Itepubllcan majority together, and giving effect to the change of opinion which, in any case, is as likely as not to come four years hence. And unless some more catching cry crops up in the meantime, "10 to one" Is most likely to involve the Republicans in a desperate battle, if, indeed, It does not bring about their defeat. 