WORLD OF SPORT (CONTINUED ON PAGE 6.) SAILING NOTES. ANNIVERSARY REGATTA TO-MORROW. Sydney Flying Squadron Handicap. Irex tho Winner. Sydney Amateur Sailing Club Race Won by Weo Won. (By ' Weathee-Ete.') We must hope for fine woather to-morrow, A3 ' Tbe Anniversary' only cornea once a year, and we cannot afford to have it a failure. Boating men are lookiuf» forward to the event ?with delightful expectation, ahd tlie ' sea loving'' pnblio are not far behind in the matter of enthusiasm. The committee now have tneir arrangements complete, ana irom an accounts deserve great praise for their assiduity. The chief feature aboard the Oldenburg last year was German sausago aud lager beer. This year, no doubt, there will be a new aud better menu. 1 could suggest many things that would be a distinct improvement upon the last Anniversary Regatta eating pro gramme, and in doing so I don't suppose my ?worst friends would charge me with being an epicure. The well- known Asteroid has again changed bands. This time into Mr. Applin's. Air. Applin comes from Brisbane. -He has given up the beauties of Moreton Bay for the nonce, and will probably find Port Jackson sot such a bad place for yachting after all. I am desired to explain that the canoe raoe of yesterday week was not postponed through stress of weather, as stated by mo last Sun day, bufc owing to the non-appearance of two of the competitors, one of whom was absent through siokness. It appears that the Young Harry and Arthur Peairoe are to bo debarred from com peting in any race in the Anniversary Regatta, because it has been discovered that they aro 25ft in measurement. How is it that this dis covery has only just been made, and why is ifc thafc they cannot be handicapped in accordance with their dimensions? These boats have been racing for some time past, and evidently thoy have been thought to be 24 footers. Whose fault is it that they have been allowed from time to time and for so long a period to race as it were under false colors? Where bas the official measurer been all this time ? It seems that ifc has bean suddenly sprung upon the owner that his boats are ineligible. Several complaints have reached ma with reference to the liandicappiug of yaohts in the Anniversary Regatta racos, 03pecially as regards the smaller vessels. In each of the three events for yachts on the pro gramme it would be an easy matter for anyone acquainted with the yachts to pick ont the ones that oannofc win. Mr. Marrell, the owner of Lab Loo, complains, and 1 think justly so, of the treatment he has received at the hand3 of the handicappers. One would think that care would be taken to give every boat a chance of winning. On jiasfc performances Iolanthe has beaten Lab Loo by a great deal moro time than that allowed her in to-morrow's race, and in a N.E. wind the Bronzewing could wipe off the handicap conceded by the time she reached the Pilelight on the first round, and in such case the Astrraa and Sorais cannot have the ghost of a show. Every encouragement should be given to the owners of smaller yaohts in onr regattas, as it certainly must be disheartening to them to be knocked out time after time, especially in Mr. Murrell'8 case, than whom there is no Btroncer supporter of racing in Port Jackson. Mr. Wm. H. Roberts, a renowned yaohts man, has recently purohasedDr. Newmarch's Naiad. The little vessel haa undergone a thorough overhauling, and will come out under a now rig aa 'well as a new name — Australian — after tha old boat. Skipper Roberts meana to have a big say in the Anniversary Regatta. Anyone in quest of a comfortable and speedy boat could not do better than in spect the 1^-rater, Sorais, a comparatively now boat, and now for sale. She w&3 designed by H. R. Murray, of Janet and Assegai famo. Her present owner is not a yachtsman, aud, therefore, is prepared to sell out at a very nominal figure. For full particulars apply to Mr. Frederiok Lewis, of 18 Barrack-street. 