CHAMBER OF MANUFAC TURES. A annual dinner. SPEECHES BY THE PREMIER AND SIR GEORGE DIBBS. The annual dinner in connection with the New South Wales Chamber of Manufactures was held last night at the Metropolitan Hotel, King-street. The president of tho chamber (Mr. C. H. Hoskins) was in the chair, and amongst those present were the Premier (Mr. G. H. Iteid), the Minister for Public Works (Mr. J. H. Young), the Minis ter for Education (Mr. J. Garrard), Sir George DIbbs, Mr. R. E. O'Connor. M.L.C., Mr. A. D. Nelson, M.P., Mr. Hugh Dixson, -Mr. John Young, Mr. J. P. Wright, Mr. A. W. Meeks, and other prominent citizens. The Chairman proposed "The Ministry." The Premier responded. As the guest of tho chamber he wished to emphasise to the chamber, and to the people of the country, that tho Go vernment were not the enemies to the industries of New South Wales. As a chamber they knew no party politics, and he hoped they would keep that principle sternly in view. If the chamber could only point out to him any possible methods by which he could advance the interests of tho manufacturing industries o£ the country, con sistently with his political principles, tho Chamber would find him ready to receive their suggestions. He thoroughly believed in a Cham ber of Manufactures, because, no doubt, colo nial manufactures were subject to a number of difficulties which everyone ought to strive to re mote. He knew there was an unpatriotic preju dice in some quarters against colonial pro ducts simply because they were colonial pro ducts. But be intended to invite the com mittee of the Chamber of Manufactures to suggest to him how he could possibly revise the tender schedules so as to give a fair field to articles o£ colonial manufacture. (Applause.) He found that in the schedules articles were specified which practically shut out colonial manufactures. If colonial manufactures had at tained that pitch of perfection at anything like the price the Government could obtain them from other countries, It was absolutely the duty of tho Government to encourage the colonial article. It was, of course, not always a matter of price; quality was perhaps the more essential question. (A Voice: "A backdown.") He could not under stand that sort of remark, which resulted from a kind of mind which did much harm to protec tionists. It was a degraded idea to picture a freetrader as a mau who tried to injure colonial industry- A freetrader wished to benefit every industry, and he would be no party to giving the manufacturing industry better treatment than was given to any other industry. It was absolutely wrong that in Government contracts any colonial manufactures should he disqualified. The terms of the contracts should be otherwise, and he was going to ask the Chamber of Manu factures to help the Government to revise the schedules, so that, at any rate, colonial manufac- . turcs should get a fair start. (Applause.) That was ft dutv lie owed to the manufacturers of the colony. It was the duty of the Government to see that, even protectionist as many mem bers of the Chamber were The Chairman: Some of us. Mr. Reid: Protectionist as many of the mem bers of the chamber were, tho Government should see that that was not allowed to interfere with the duty of the Government to men who by their enterprise and industry were endeavoring to promote the general wellbelng. In saying that he was not backing down iu any way, but only doing his duty to the public, who had entrusted him with political power. The administration of public affairs ought not to be in the interests of any party, but in the interests of the whole com munity. It was in that spirit that the members of the Government were there that night. While tho Government would maintain their policy in its integrity, they would, in tho matter of sup plies to the public service, always have sense to see that our own people and our own industries were not put under any unfair restrictions. If there was a doubt, he was prepared to give it in favor of colonial industry. (Applause.) Mr. Young also responded. He said he had always advocated colonial industries having the fairest of fair play in the matter of State tenders. But the Government had to consider the inte rests of the whole community. He hoped the Chamber of Manufactures would go on and prosper, .and become oven more important than it had been in the past. (Applause.) Mr. Garrard also responded. Mr. Hugh Dixson proposed "Parliament." Mr. R. B. O'Connor responded, and - said tho speech o£ the Premier disclosed a proper states manlike view of the situation. The success of the Legislative Council had always depended on the judgment with which it had been able to distinguish between true progress and unrest. (Applause.) Mr. A. D. Nelson, M.P., also responded. Sir George Dibbs proposed "Manufacturing In dustries of New South Wales." lie regarded the chamber as capable of a great amount of good, and urged absolute freedom of discussion at their gatherings on industrial- political questions. The speeches that evening showed tliey were all of one mind in desiring to provide work for tho unemployed. lie took the opportunity of pointing out that as against 46.S00 employed in manufactures under the protectionist regime there were now onlv 43-000. Mr. Young: You introduced a panic in tho meantime. (Laughter.) Mr. Reid: Chaff — only chaff. (Laughter.) Sir George Dibbs went on to say that every good Government could only desire the happiness of the masses of tho people. That happiness could be secured by fair and liberal wages, aiul the people must have work. The Chamber of Manufactures should do its duty, and see to tho continued existence of colonial manufactures. (Applause.)' The Chairman responded, and gave a resumo of the alms and objects of the chamber, which would during the coming year draw up a sug gestive Customs tariff. Under present circum stances the chamber had not "a ghost of a show" with a tariff which would, however, only suggest ton per cent., or at tlio outsido 20 per cent., im port duties. Then the chamber intended to ap proach the Government with a view of getting a subsidy of, say £500 per annum, in view of the services which the chamber rendered to the State. The Chamber of Commerce was prac tically subsidised, and any subsidy to the Cham ber of Manufactures would be more than re turned in general benefit. Kindred Institutions" and other toasts fol lowed. 