SErl Byrnes's Candidature." Mn- Braves had- a well-balanced plat form, and • a large audience to hear his first-address - as- a candidate.'for Brisbane- iforth on "Wednesday even ing. He said nothing new until- he abused the -Telegraph. He gave us credit for . having had the courage to raise the. sectarian- question, a courage which he did not predicate of any other, newspaper.: - It brings, up a blush, because the honour is undeserved.. The Telegraph: did hot raise ".the/ question, nor did it " absolutely refuse, to publish matter-which he sent in refutation." 3fr. Byrnes should know tluittlie personswlio constantly bring forward the/Aectarian question: are those of his own faith. It -. must"" be granted that they feel). ' themselves , te, " be ; •perfeetly justified in' doingtso ;'and .why .should the}' ho censured" for.it,.. even indi rectly, by Mr. Byrnes ?): Quite • recently the hierarchy of :Mi\\-Byrncs!s church' circulated an: nuthoritativo .manifesto denouncing the! public} school systems-of Australia." They have Ssuedmahy shch.. They would be most: negligentof their duty if they didfnot do so. i How then docs Mr'. Byrnes make' it out that the Telegraph did all,this.?. He may reply that he referred to remarks about civil service appointments; To affect to b'eliove that the TelegrapKrmsal that questionis to affect that tho question, never. before was heard of; or, that-for a long time it has slept and was not awakened iintik the-) Telegraph.' aroused) it - as a general election' cry." Mr. Byrnes said on Wednesday that he would not allow him self to be influenced by anything wliich his opponents might say of him); and'so we feel safe in remarking that .we will do ya : great (leal . for hiih by way of reparation if he can shojythqt we raised the) sectarian qucstion.' 'But he is more foolish than he .would have iis; 'believe him to'bo if- kc thinks) thaktheysec farianquestion is not ! evcrpresent ■-'in' the: minds of : those - whose' concern it is.. But it is' fully as repugnant, to1 us as it is to him."- He is not niore .aiixious to bury the hogcy than we" are j but so long as:one" side!will persist,-however conscientiously,-in.thrusting the subjcet forward,-they cannot expect, that the other side will disregard it.- • vk-y1 V r' > But • if &&4Telegrai>h: has raised1 any ]^.%]eI^<u^Faiipose%';why: has Mr. Byrnes also called up the ghost, of. tlios; consultations strife • -It-is. ns ,clear 4 :is ■ daylight - that lie thinks ' to i score licavilv oil the 'lel'-ip nplt oil that ■ subject- ' How-should that lie when the v' vcrv stoutest ojipouents of MivByrncs's' 4 Act, - m ■ both': .Houses of Parliament,::-, were oil'his platform on, Wednesday :4 night ? . :It' could much more: easily bo vi shown that the " Gambling Act wis:*'; passed as an election measure.- : Passing at over all that was said and done privately,"?5; because our hps are sealed, and Mr. ■Byrnes knows-it, wepomt to tho outer..; facts"-' ofthe - case:. Our. contention • at ; the time was that the only eifcct of the v measure would. be 'tq remove a given.'. - i office -from one Australian town to another. If that was n relief to -Bus--.' banc, what is lt to Hobart f -.o -If a ■ e consultations office • corrupted this city,"..: , will ltnot corrupt Ilobart Mloiv has thss removal of an. office contributed to tlie. ; common stock of puhhc morality ? ■ The" - advice given by tlio ■^Telegraph was. either to take such a course us would ' > result in stamping, out ■.■all forms- of-, gambling," or: to "place under, -severe / rcstramt those forms which could'not ho destroyed. - -But Mr. Byrnes .is far too. well - informed' on this subject to -lie misled -: into the belief o that . the removal .: of , consultations offices from one city . to another lias at all affected the volume. of the business done by such offices.-;: At' the time thc TrfcynyiA pointed out . that; the mere closing of an office affected no-; • tlung excepting the fragment- of the- :. business which was donooverthocounter; . and that such, business would instantly A;; fidl into theeliunncl of all the rest, and - ho earned on by. correspondence/ 'It was ; - added by us that there would spring up,': m the city, as there exist m the country, - i a number. of centres "at which thoso:; disposed to nsk their money, in this way "v would carry out their purposes' Every- si thing- that we "foretold: is now: taking place. Itmay seem unkind to tell persons '■•■i that m removing a nmsancosfroin" ono-.'.v spot ■ to another, > they - do not in the least;dimiuish the onl ansing from it; . hut the statement will commend itself to -'i every person of common sense; and that; is exactly what has taken place-in this instance. And it will equally commend itself to such persons to say that whether ■ this form of gambling is- a vice or: a"'; virtue, the vice or the ■ virtue . of • it ■ ' is in the hearts of . the persons who. in- • ••• dulgo m it, -and, that there are just'as vy many persons of :that sort m; Queens-".:" land to Jay as there wore -last yeary?.! But since Mr/, Byrnes is so emphatictv 011 this point, we remind lum that the Telegraph, hacked by some :of .his'sup/%! porters on the platform on ."Wednesday ijj night, ; and by a-largo . section'of-tlio clergy, insisted that his Act should r; apply to bazaars, as well as to consulta-: >4 tions. -Mr.-: --Byrnes : stoutly resisted 'it the proposal.-" Surely-if .there is- ones;.' place worse.than another at which to. r practise any- foim -of .gambling, that --1 place is in a. church, bazaar.. The Act s-J was so extended; fficnco some of tbeso ; • tears V 