[?] SONS AND FATHERS,: By harry stillwell.edwahds, \- Author op "Two Runaways, Ming, " Sister Todhuster's Heart, I'" Db Waulby an'- De Shadder," " OiiE Misa an' Sweet- heart, " etc., etc. Ale Rights .Reserved. Chapter XV.— " In am tiiEIVormv no ! Fairer Flower Than This !" ' The city was in n whirl on olcction ufty ; hacks \- And carriages darted liero and there nil day long, bearing flaming placards and hauling voters to the polls. There was tlio usual scheming. to get the factory votes, the railroad clerks" and the suburbans. Bands played nt tho Montjoy headquarters, and everything to com fort the inner patriot was on hand. . Edward had taken charge of this department, : and at his own expense conducted it. , He was the host. All kinds .of wines and liquors and , malt drinks, a constantly replenished lunch, that amounted to a banquot, and cigars wero at ail hours quickly served by a corps of trained waiters. In all their experience, old election stagers declared, never had this feature of election day been so complete. It goes without . . saying that Montjoy's . headquarters were crowded, and that a great deal of tho interest which found expression in tho streets was manu factured there. It was a fierce struggle ; tho Swcariugen cam paign in the co.unty.had been conducted on the "still hunt" plan, and 011 this day his full "strength was polled. It was Montjoy's home county, and if it could bo carried against him, the victory was won nt the outset. On the other band, the Montjoy people sought for. tho moral effect of an overwhelming victory. There was' an expression of general relief in the form of cheers when the town.clocks struck five and the polls' windows fell. Anxiety followed, and then bonfires blazed, rockets exploded, and all night long the artillery Bquad fired salutes. Montjoy had won by an unlooked for majority, and the vote of .the. largest county waB secure. Edward had resolutely refused to think upon the discovery unfolded to liim. With reckless disregard for the future, he had determined to bnry the subject until the arrival of Virdow. But there are ghosts that will not come down at the bidding, and so in the intervals of sleep, of excitement, of politics, the remembrance of the fearful fate that threatened him came up with nil the force and terror of a new experience. Hexhurst was impossible to him alone, and lie had held to Norton as long as he could. There was to be a few days' rost after the homo election, arid tho youngor Montjoy seized this opportunity to run homo and, as he expressed it, " get acquainted with the family.". , Edward, without hesitation, accepted his invitation to go ' with him. They had become firm friends now, and Edward stood high in. the family esteem. Reviewing the work that had led up to ' Colonel Montjoy's magnificent opening ; and oration, all generously conceded that he had been the potent factor. It waB not true, in fact ; tho youngor Mont joy.. had! been the genius of Lttqourp-hiit Edward's aid and . monoy had 'hijeh'-neMaeifefy The ' two men wero riiie- Aitf'conquofihg; heroes. ' As ho hold his hand in hera.qid.Mis. \- Montjoy said I .' i| fjtraj: "YoU; haye done us\u.<;gx5nt service, ; My-r Morgan, and rve cannot forgelA'itA-pndIi'j'j Bhy and happy, had whH8auittW>A j)hn ziinrt uttered her thanks. Thore was one discordant note, the dnughterrin law had been silent until nil were through. "And I supposo I am to thank you,; Mr. Morgan, that Norton has returned alive. I did not |khow you were such high livers over at Iloxhurst," she smiled, maliciously. "Wore , you not afraid of ghosts?" Edward looked at her with . ill-disguised hatred. For tho first time he realised fully that he was dealing with a dangerous enemy. How much did eho know? Ho : could make nothing of that serenely tranquil face. He bowed only. Sho was his friend's wife. ' But ho was not at case, beneath her gaze, and readily accepted Mary's invitation to ride. She wub going to carry a note from her -father to a neighbor, and the chanoe of seeing tho oountry , was ono ho should not neglect. They found a lazy Imule and ancient . country buggy at the door; Ho thought of tho outfit of tho sister-in law. "Annie has a pony pluoton that is quite ntylish," said Mary, laughingly, as they entered the old vehicle, " but it is only for town uso ; this is mine and papa's I". " Certainly roomy and Bate," he said. She laughed outright. ."I will remember that: so .many people have tried to . Bay something comforting about .my turnout and failed ; but it doeB well enough. I went to colloge ovory Monday and came baok ovory Friday in it for four years, and my drivor was genorally a woman with a poke bonnet on— juBt liko mine."' They wero off tlion, Edward driving awkwardly." It was tho first time he bad ever drawn the reine over a mule. ''How do you mako it go fast?" ho asked, finally, in despair. "Oh," dear," sho_ answered, "wo don't try. ' We . know the mulb;" . ; Her laugh was infec tious. ! " ' - , They , travelled ;tho 'publio roads, .with ! thoir boedors of;iyild' grapo,- orossed gurgling . . atreams undor festoons of vines," and lingerod in eliady vistas of overhanging boughs. Several times they boldly entered private grounds and passed through back yards' without hailing, and at last thby camo to thoir destination. Thero wore two hugo stono posts' at tho , jntronce, with carved balls of granito-upon tbom. An iron gato of MooriBli fretwork bung between. A thick tangle of muscadino and Cherokco roses led off from tbom right and left, hiding the trail of tho long vanished rail fonco. In front was an avenue of twisted cedarB, and, closing the perspective a glimpso of whito columns and green blinds. Up this,, through alternate shade and Bunlight, went the old mule, with its captors. The girl's fnco was lighted with smiles ; it was for her a new experience, this journeying with a man alone ; his voice melodious in her hearing; liis eyes exchanging with here quick understandings, for Edward was happy . that morning — happy in his forgotfulnesB. He had thrown off tho weight of misery successfully, and for.tho first time in his life there was really a smile in his heart. It was the" dream of an hour ; ho would not mar it. Soon ho would bo gone. Porbaps the ocean would roll botweon them for over. He would ' wrest this supremo moment from.fato and wear it as an immortelle. Her voice recalled him. : "I have always loved' 'The Cedars.- - It wears suoli an air of gentility and refinement. It must be that something of the lives gone by cling to these old places." ''' . " Whose is it?" She turned in surprise. " Oh, this is where we wero bound— General Evan's. I have a note for him." "Ah l" Tho exclamation was ono. of awe rather thnn wonder. She saw him start violently and grow pale. "Evan 1" he said, with emotion. "You know him?" "Not I." Ho felt her questioning gazo and looked into her face., " That is, I liavo been introduced to him only, and I heard him speak." After a moment's . reflection : " Somo time, perhaps, I Bhall tell you why for the moment I was startled." She could not understand his manner. Fortunately thoy had arrived at the house. Confused still, lie followed her up tho broad Bteps to the verandah and saw her lift tho antique knocker. "Yes, ma'am, de general's homo; walk in, ma'am ; find him right back in tho library." With that delightful luck of formality common among intimate neighbors, in the South, Mary led tho way in. The general sat writing at' a broad tablo— writing letters, it aftcrwnrds transpired, in bolialf of Colonel Montjoy. - Sbo made a pretty picture as she paused at the door. Tho sun was shining through the painted window and Buffused her form with roseate light. "May I come in? " Well 1 Well ! Well ! " Tho old man rose with a great show of welcome and camo for- ward. "May I come in ? How d'yo do, Mary," God bless you, child; yes, como clear in," ho said, laughing, and bestowed a kiss upon her lips. At that moment he caught eight of the face of Edward, who etood behind her, pale ' from the stream of light that came from a white crest in the window. The two men gazed steadily into each other's eyes a moment only. The girl began : . "This is Mr. Morgan; general, who lias been such a friend to father. The rugged faco of the old adldierlighted up, he took the young man's hands in both of his and pressed them warmly. "I have already met Mr. Morgan. Tho friend of my friend, is welcome to 'The Cedars.' " Ho turned to move chairs for them: Tho face of tho young man grew white as he bowed gfavcly. Thero had- been a recognition, but no voice spoke' from the for away past through his lineaments to that lonely old man. During tho visit he was "distrait and cnibar- . rassed. Attention of liis host and his playful \- imdlantry with Mary awoko no Bmile upon liis yips. Somewhero a barrier had fallen and tho — tyra of memory had rushed in. Finally, ho. R forced to arouse himself. J 'John Morgan" wbb a warm friend of mine at. f6mrtime,''.said tho old general. . How-yvus lie jjewto.a t»you?"/ ' .".'ii.".' . v-7,' Distintly," said EdiwStil, quietly. . . :_'M Mm' an orphan, and indebted-' to '.i-him lor; everjS thiug.". ;. .'....'/ , "i - " An eccentric man, hut John had a good heart — errors like the rost of us, "of . course." The general's face grew hard fora moment, but he rallied and '.turned the conversation to the political campaign. : "A grand Bpeeoli tliat,: Mr. Morgan ; I have never, (heard a " finer, and I have - heard- great speakers in my day ! Our district will bo" well and honorably represented inj congress. ", "Now, our littlo friend here will go to Washington and get her name into the papers." ' ' "No,: indoed! If papa wins I am going to stay with mamma. ' 1 am going to bo her . eyes as well as her hands.'. - Mamma, would not: like. tho city." .'. '"And how is tho littlo mamma?" > She Bhook her head. "Not so well; and her eyes troublo her very much." " What a sweet woman slio is. I can novor' forget the night .iorton led her to the altar 1 I have never seen'a fdiror sight— until now," he interpolated, emiling and saluting Mary with formal bow. "Sho had a perfeot figure, niid her walk was the exposition of grace. I think she is one of thoBe, Mr. Morgan, who do notroly ' upon any particular charm, but who strike you at the .first. glance and meeting as the incar nation of womanliness and tenderness. They seon to carry with them the very essence of home life, aud the hearts of all men under stand." Mary surveyed him with swimming' eyes. It was easy to seo whero lior heart lay. She went up and kiBsed him lightly. Ho de tained her a moment when about to take hor do- parturo. "You .are a fortunate man, Morgan. In all tho world'you will find no rarer flower than this. - I envy you your ridohomo. Como again, Mary, and bring Mr. Morgan with you." Sho broke loose from liiin and darted off In con fusion. He bad guessod hor secret, and woll waB it that ho had 1" The ride homo was as a dream. Tho girl was exoited and full of life and bantor, and Edward, throwing off his sadness, had entored into tho hour of happiness with tho same abandon that marked his campaign with Norton. And so the morning \vont by, with vistas of ovorrshatlowing trees, tho breath of wild rosea, and thorarq, rapturous. Indlody of tho mocking bird; : it"! lay " upoii his .heart thereafter as a folded fflowbri' ' '" But as thoy entered tho long Btrotoh of wood through whioh thoir road ran to her home, ' Edward brought baok tho conversation to the general. : " Yes," raid Mary, " lie lives quite alone, a widowor, but beloved by ovory ono. It is an old, sad tatory,' but life daughtor oloped just beforo the war broko" 'out, and went abroad. Ho lias novor beard from her, it is supposed. " I liavo licard tho faot mentioned, said Morgan, "and also thatsbo was to have married my relative." " I did not know that," bIio said, but it is a groat Borrow to the gonerol, and a girl who could givo up such a man must have been wrong at heart or infatuated." " Iiifatuated, ict us hope." "That is tho best explanation," sho said, gently. Ho was driving ; in a few moments ho would arrive at tho house. Should he toll her the history of Gerald and lot her clear, honest mind guide him ; share with her some of tho burden that was crushing tho bcBt part of liis lifo ? Should lie tell tier that Fate had made liim the custodian of tho only being in tlio world who had a right to that honorable name when the veteran back yonder found liis last camp and crossed tlio river to rest in tlio Bliade with tho immortal JnckBon ? Ho turned to her, and bIio mot his earnest gazo with a winning smile, but at tho moment something in liis lifo cried out. Tho secret wns as much his duty. as tho ward himself, and to confcss_ to her his belief that Gerald was the eon of Marion Evan was to confess to himself that ho was the son of tho octoroon. Ho would not. . Her smile died away beforo tho misery in his face. "You are ill," alio said in quick sym pathy. . "Yes,'! lie replied faintly; "yes and no. Tho loss of sloop— excitement — your southern sun — ' Tho world grow black, and he felt himself -.falling. In the . last moment of his consciousness ho remembered that her arm was thrown about him, and that in response to her call for holp negroes' from the cotton fields came running, !.. . He opened liis "eyas. Thoy rested upon tho chintz; curtains of the room upstairs, from the window of which he. bad hoard her voico calling tho ' chickens. Someouo. was bathing his fore head ; there wero figures gliding here and there across his vision. IIo . turned his eyes and saw tho anxious face of Mrs. Montjoy watching him. " What is it?' Ho spoko in wonder. . "Hush, my boy ; you have boon vory ill; you must not talk !" Ho triod to lift his hand. It seemed made of lead, and not connected with him in nnj- way. Gazing helplessly upon it. ho saw that it was thin and white — tho baud of an invalid. ' - "How long?" ho asked after a rost, Tho slight effort took his strength.. - "Three weeks." Three , weeks ! This was more than he oould adjust in "the few working sections of his brain. He ceased to try and closed his oyce in sleep. Chatter XVI.— "Beyond the Shadow' of a Doubt." It had been brain fever. For 10 days Edward was helpless, but under ; tho care of tho two. loving women he rapidly recovered. Tho time came when lie oould sit in the cool of the even ing upon tho verandah and liBten to tho voices he had learned to lovo— for he no longor dis guised tho truth from himself. Tho world hold for him but one dream, and through it; and in the spell of his first homo life, the mother be come a being to be reverenced. She woe the fulfilling promiso of tho girl ; all the tender experiences of life were pictured in advnnoe for him who should win hor hand and heart. But it was only a dream. During the long hours of tho night as he lny wakeful, with no escape from thought, he thought out tho situa tion, and mado up hie mind to notion. Ho would go to Colonel Montjoy and confess tho ignorance of his origin that overwhelmed him, and' thou ho would provido for his ward and go' nwuy with Virdow to tlio old world and tlio old lifo. The sceno of his humiliation would know him no more for over. The mental conclusion of his plan was -a species of settlement. - It helped him. -Timo and again ho cried out, when the reme'mbranco camo baok to him, but it was tho honorable course and ho would follow it. No man should blame him, and he could 'not endure pity. He would go aygy. , Tho hours of his convalescence wore the respite he allowed himself; 'Day by day, as ho grow stronger, he raid : " 1 will go to- morrow." In the morning it was still "To morrow," and,, when . lio : finally mado his announcement . he was promptly overruled. Colonel" Montjoy arid 'Norton were away speaking and campaigning.' All primaries had . been hold but two.' Tlio colonel's enemies had concodcd to him .of tho remaining eouiitios tho . remoto. ono.; Tho other .was a county with a Iqigo popiilation,aiid cast four 'votes inytho Convention. . :It was tho lipme of I Sweiirihgeri; "but; 'as 'frequently happenB, It was the scene of tlio candidate's greatest weak ness,. There the. struggle was to be Titanio. Both, counties were needed ,to nominato Mont- joy. - ; . The election "took place .on the. day of Ed ward's departure! for Iloxhurst. That ovening. he saw a telegram announcing that tho large county, had given its vote to .Montjoy; |by. a small majority.' , Tlio rotaoto couiity had but one telegraph office, and that at a way. Btatiou upon its border. Little could bb heard from it, but the public: conceded Colonel Montjoy's no mination, Binco thero bad been no doubt as. to his County. . Edward hired a horse, put a man lipoii it, seiit! tho news to tho two ladies, and then went to his liomo. ; -r" !. \- Ho found awaiting him two letters, of im portunes., . ; ' Ono from Virdow, saying ho would sail from Havre on tho 25th, that was-12 days previous. He was tlieroforo really £duo at Iloxhurst thon. Tho other was a letter ho had -written to Abing don soon after-his first arrival, and was marked "returned to., writer.'.'.. Ho wondered at this. Tho address was correot and the same that lie had used for years in' liis correspondence with that individual. ! Although .Abingdon was fre quently nhsont from England, the 'lettora had always reached liim. Why, thon, was this one not forwarded? Ho put it aside and as certained that Virdow hail not arrived at tlio house. . .. . It waB thon 8 o'clock in tho evening. By his order a telephone had bocn placed iu tho house, and he at onco rung up the sevoral liotols. - Vir dow was found to bo at one of those, and lie succeeded in getting thnt distinguished gentle man to oonnect himself with tho American invention and explained to him 'the situation. " l'nko any hack and oomo at onco," was tho messngo that conolmled their conversation, and Virdow camo I In tho impulsive Continental style, ho threw himself into Edward's arms whon tlio latter opened tho door of tho car- lingo for liim and called him "my. sou" and kissed hiin. Virdow was full of liis trip. Ono of his pupila had onco said to liim :— " Ho is ono of tho oldest men in tho univorso and the youngest in tho world." In tho univorso of tho mind ho waB.a'ginnt ; outsido in tho world pf tho 19tli century ho was a child. Everything had charmed liim--tlio crowds tlio steamship, the groat,; rushing, wliiiling Now York city, tho loiig railroad rido into tlio south, tho 'Holds 'of cotton, and now Edward, tlio dear Edward ! Slender, his thin blaok olothos hanging awkwardly upon him, his trousers too short, ns arc tho'trousors of all distinguished professors, tho breadth of his round Gorman faoe, the knobs on liis shining bald forehead oxaggoratod by the puffy gathering "of tlio liair over lus cars, whero it seemed to have been washed down -by tlio flood of time, his candid littlo oyes shining through tho round, doublo power glasses, his was a figure one had to know for a long timo in order to look upon it without Bmiling. __ Edward regarded liim with affection. Hero was a leaf blown in upon liim by days tbnt wcrq goldon in comparison 1 Long thoy sat with thoir cigars and ran ovor the old days together. Then tlio progress of science eivallowcd up this, Hand tho professor told of wondrous experiments in sound, of tho advance of knowledge into tlio regions of psychology, of tlio marvels of horedity. His old great tlicmo was Istill liis ruling passion. " If the mind linB no momory, tlion much oftho phenomenon of lifo is worse than bewiidoring. Prove its memory," lio was wont to say, "and I will provo immortality through that memory." Ho believed in tho mind-memory theory. "We need for our poor littlo brain structure, our poor littlo overy-day working brain, tho various senses to get results for its memory. It must bo touched for results ; it answors to stimula tion. Tlio vibrations of liglit, of sound, of odors, of fooling, of tasto — all is vibration. But at what point can wo thus touch the mind anil got au answer ? No man Iiub learned ! That mysterious sixth sense, tho wonderful tele- grnphio system that linke certain sympathetic minds, disbelieved iby tho majority as was Morse b Bystem for years, even after practical working demonstration — that was a stop to wards tlio light. It was tlio same old professor. Ho was up now, nnd overy muscle working as lie strugglod ond gesticulated, and wrote invisible hiero glyphics in the air about him, and made gocmctrical figures with palms and fingers. But the profossor linil advanced in speculation; "Tho timo will come, my young friond," lib said at last, "when tlio mind will givo us its memories complete. We will learn tlio secrets of creation by momory. In its perfection we will place a man yonder and by vibration get bis mind memory to work; theoretically lie will write first of his father, and then ins grand father, describing their mental lives. He will go back along the lines of his ancestry. Ho will ;ot into Latin, then Greek, thpn Hebrew, then Chaldean, then into ouneifprm ins'orintions, then into figure representation. Ho will bp an artist, or a musician, or a soulptor, and possibly all, if tile back trail of this' memory crosses such talonts. Ay,", ho continued, entliusiasti- caiiy," "If -the mind lias . a memory, it_ will- remomber it mollu'so encasemont. Theoretically there is ho escapo from that conolubion. LoBt nationBirill live : again; the my stories of ages he unfolded ; tho portraits of our ancestors will bang in viow along the corridors of all "times ! This will come by vibratory force— but how? " - Edward leaned forward, breathless almost with omotion, ; '. "You soy tho timo is comb. What has; been done?" Little, and much 1 The experiments " "Tell mo, in all your experiments, have you known where a child, separated from a jparont since infancy, without aid of description, or photograph, or information derived from a iving porson, could seo in memory or imagina tion the face of that parent— seo it witli such distinctness as to enablo liim, an artist, to reproduce it in all perfection ? " Tlio professor wiped his glasses nervously, and kept his gaze upon his questioner. "Novor." "Then," said Edward, "you have crossed tho oocan to somo purpose I I have known such an instance here in this house 1 Tho person is still hero. You know mo, my friond, and you do not know mo. To you I wns a rich young Americnn, with a turn for scicnco and specula tion. You found me appreciative and eagor, with a poetic temperament and impatience of lifo. You mado mo your friond, and God bless you for it! But you did not know all of that mystery which hangs over my life, novor to bo revealed, porhaps, until tho millounium of s'oicnco you liavo outlined dawns upon us. The man who educated me, who enriched me, was not my parent or relative ; lie was my guardian. He lias made mo tho guardian of a frail, sickly' lad whoso myBtory is, or was, as comploto as mine. Tench us to remember." The words buret from liim. Thoy held tho pont-up flood that had almost wrecked liis brain 1 Rapidly lib rocountod tho situation, leaving out the woman's story as to himself. Not to his ISaviour would ho confess tlint. ; Ho could never liavo forgiven himself a beliof in ignoble blood I It would liavo' been proof of ignoblo blood somewhero I - ' \ And thon ho told how, following 'his prccop- . tor's hints about vibration, ho had accidentaily jhrown Gerald.'intb a trance,;, its rosultb, the. secofid. experiment, - tho drawing ' an4 the Woman's Btory. of his birth. During this recital tho profossor novor moved his oyos from the speaker u fnco. Every, other part of him must have olianged positions a score of times.. -He rose upon its conclusion; and' paced the room, quickening his steps , as he thought and snapping his fingers loudly. Occa sionally lio would stop short and give - expres sion to Borne little gutturalsounil. ; " You wish to know what I think of it? This : I liavo but reoontly itahtured tlio propo'- sition publicly that all ideal faced on tho artist's canvas are mind memories. Prove to mo anew your results, and if I establish tho reasonable, liess of my theory I will have acoompliBhed chough to die on." ' . , "In your opinion, thou, this picture; that Gerald drew is a mind memory ? " l" Undoubtedly, from tho information as givon." -U " And if we can produce under theBe rare circumstances those faces, oould wo not product) others in the samo lino of succession, supposing' Gerald to have .doscondod from ono of these women— a grandparent, for oxamplo ? " "Undoubtedly. -But you will percoivo that tho moro distant, tbo oluor tho exporience, wo may say, tho Icbs likelihood of acouraoy." " It would depend, tlion, you think, upon the olearnesa of the original impression ?" "That is truo 1 Tlio vividness of an old im pression may alao outsliino a new one," "And if this young man recnllB tho faoe of a woman, whom wo beliovo it possible— nay, probablo— is his mother, and thon the face of one wo know to bo lior fathor, as a reasonable man, would you consider tlio story of this nogro woman substantiated beyond, tho shadow of a doubt?' "Beyond tbo shadow of a doubt." "Wo will try," saiil Edward) and .then, nftor a moment's silonco; "Ho is sliy of strangers, and you may find it difiioult to get acquainted with him. After you have succeeded in gaining his confidence wo will sottlo upon a way to proceed. One moro word, he is a viotim of morphia. Did I toll you that?' "No, but I guessed it." "You liavo known suoli men boforo, thon?" " I liavo studiod tlio proposition that opium may bo a power to offoot what wo seek, and; in connection with it, have studied tho hospitals that make a spcoiality of suoli cases." There was a long silenoo, ami presently Edward said — " Will you say good night, now ?' " Good night." Tlio profosBor gazod about liim. " How was it that you usod to say good night, Edward? Old customs aro good. It is not possiblo that tho violin lias boon lost ?" Ho smiled, and Edward got lus -instrument 'and played. Ho knew tho old man'e favorites ; the littlo folk melodioB of the Rhino T of lovo Bongs, mostly, around whicli thi ' Vts players pf Germany have wovonso 1 v 1,? iul fanoiofl. And in the playiii" EdwnrrM J was quieted. - 3 lwar<1 h"nsolf Both wore silent when the music ccascl ti professor wa3 climbing again tbo S t . . youth in tbo Fatherland. Edw rVfl h,?' u ' tenderness, arose and went tn th„ ?with look upon the eastern Wizom Z ulV mall its clearness the one face that wJaltlm world and yet nothing to bim. Tlio thoughts rushed back, and lio felt their as they fell into well worn sockets wslSlit Tlio light from the ball downstairs out along tho gravel walk, and in the gCTw a man standing with nrms folded and fed S forward. A tall woman camo and gontlv laid lier band upon liim. Ho started vio onUv tossed Ins arms aloft, ond rushed into tho do l' Ey old i1"100 a (to be contisubd.) 