FEMINTER or THE AURORA LAND OF THE SOUTH. bY JAMES CROZIER, B.A., Author of " The Dame of Margarets," CHAPTER X. Watson gave a rapid account of their adventures, which excited the sailor's curiosity to a wonderful degree. " Women," said he, " nothing but women. What a paradise for Mahomet." " Yes, women, nothing but women ; but everyone of them a queen. By Jove," said Smythe, " I should as soon ask Queen Victoria for the Kohinoor as one of them for a kiss." " Perhaps you would find them only women after all," said Murray. " You can't easily push nature out with a fork. Ask Watson." Watson actually blushed. " You fellows forget," he said, " that we have other things to think about than the charms of womendom. Listen, Boyd. We may expect in three days at the most a visit from some twenty vessels like that we peppered so vigorously. I tell you the men have never had occasion to cultivate war, and therefore the science was neglected, but they have made such progress in the natural sciences that I am afraid they have reserve powers which will give us trouble. Just fancy the resources of men who could put together such an edifice as that, who have made the air light-carrying, who have utilised the hidden fires of the earth to pro- mote vegetable and animal growth, who have made electricity and magnetism agents in the home life for every day purposes. It is marvellous—so marvellous that our boasted scientific knowledge is only the alphabet to it. If they had had to devote their knowledge to war our little Aurora would not have had a ghost of a show in the encounter." " Looking at it from that point of view there is something to be considered," said Boyd. " If there was nothing to be con- sidered but the warlike capability of the trireme I should not trouble my head, but as you state it there is a doubt. Now what I should suggest is that we mount one of the heavy guns on that point. We can easily haul it up. It will give us some pro- tection if we find ourselves forced to fall back and defend the entrance. The en- trance is narrow, thank heaven ! and our torpedoes will be useful. What a happy thought it was to bring them." " We may thank you for the thought,' said Murray, " Yes. But I had quite another idea in my head. I thought we might try the effects of one of them on an iceberg. By George ! it would have brought some of those big fellows down with a rare burley. Hurley-burley." " Don't maltreat Shakespeare, you Philis- tine," said Murray. " Bother Shakespeare just now. Another thing we must do is to keep our dynamos always at work, or at least as often as possible. For this reason I shall up sail to- morrow morning for a cruise. I noticed the sun dipped right beneath the horizon yester- day, so we shall be able soon to make out a decent day and night. I wonder if this sea or any part of it is open during the long winter. It would never do for us to be caught napping, and a good look-out must be kept. I should say some of the women would not object to that duty. At any rate we must be pretty constantly on the move. If we have plenty of room to manoeuvre I wouldn't fear a thousand of craft like your triremes." " Your Gatlings and Maxims are in work- ing order, I suppose ?" " That the vicious beggars are. The men forward think there is something in the wind, and they have been overhauling all the arms and ammunition. Gad ! they are like the war horse and sniff the battle from afar." " Do you think they will stand by us ?" " Like true blue Britons. They are all agog about the shore. Your dingey men made a highly-spiced report, and the whole crew is in a state of long drawn expectation." " Should we speak to them and let them know how things stand ? They have a right to know, for we have got them into this corner, and, by Jove, they are in the same box as ourselves." " It might be as well. At any rate a few words can do no harm. I'll call old Tom, the boatswain, and sound him." Tom came in shortly after and made his usual salute to the gentlemen at the table. This was not an elaborate affair, as it con- sisted of plucking an imaginary forelock with the dexter finger and thumb. Tom was a character in his way. He was a typical sailor, one of that class we rarely see now-a- days. Steam has ruined the old profession. There is no romance in a tea kettle or in an iron pot on the boil. " Well, skipper," growled Tom, for his voice was as the subdued roar of a coming storm, " what do you want with me ?" " Perhaps, skipper," said Smythe, point- ing to the table, " Tom would like to splice the main brace before barneying." " Right you are, Mr Smith," said Tom, as he poured out a joram from a decanter, " a nip in weather like this never comes amiss." " And in what weather does it, Tom ?" Smythe asked with a gleam of fun in eye. " Don't know, sir. Never found it bilge in my life." " Listen, Tom," said Boyd. " Your weather eye is open, and you know as well as we do that we are in a corner." " As nasty a hole as any one would want. Right you are, skipper." " We want to know from you if the men will stick to us if it comes to downright fighting—not a scrimmage, but tooth and nail, ding-dong battle." Tom turned the quid from one cheek to the other with the greatest deliberation in the world and said— " Would cats sup milk ?" He winked gravely at the skipper and made to the door amid general laughter, the captain calling out to him to send the men aft. In a few minutes some thirty young fellows in the perfection of age and strength were mustered on the main deck with the two mates, Messrs Abel and Welch, at their head. There was a jaunty look about most, of them that showed they were perfectly well aware what was the character of the community to which they were such near neighbours. The men were dressed in a uniform very similar to that of the Royal Navy in pattern, but of course the material was much warmer and more substantial. The uniform, however, displayed all the strength and agility of as fine a ship's crew ever sailed the sea. Boyd spoke to the men in quiet, conver- sational manner. " Boys," he said, " we haven't seen the end of the scrimmage with that craft yet. It seems there are plenty more of the same sort where it came from, and we are in for a good rough and tumble fight." " Hurrah," shouted an enthusiast. " Hurrah be it," said Boyd ; " but we may get some nasty jabs ourselves. Will you ' Hurrah' for them ?" " Well, they mayn't be quite so pleasant, but we hope we can take as well as give. If you want to know it, skipper, we'll tell you it once we'll fight. We have been well treated on board this craft, and sailor men know what that means." " There is another thing. I want to say," said Boyd. " You know what sort of company we have up yonder. What I want you to do is to treat those ladies with respect. You were selected as men of charac- ter and respectability, and I want you to retain your reputation to the end." " You are right there, skipper," said the spokesman, a fine strapping young fellow of the " gumsucker " persuasion, and more than six feet high. " You are right there, skipper. We'll be on our good behaviour, but of course if there are good things going the foc'sle should have a share as well as the cuddy." There was a general laugh at this, in which the " cuddy " joined. Watson, however, interposed and said— " All we want, men, is this : that you act with these women as if they were respectable women in Melbourne or Sydney, protected by British laws. In fact they are and will be protected by British law, but I should like to see them even more effectively protected by British chivalry." " That's the sort, Mr Watson," cried some of the men. " Leave it to us and you will make no mistake." The skipper then asked a minute of their attention. " We are so completely isolated that the relations of officers and men are much modified, and so I shall take you into my confidence as to what I mean to do. First of all Mr Able will take a boats crew and sound carefully up to the pier. If there is water enough for us to lie alongside our work will be much easier, for I want to get a gun to that point. The first part of our fighting must be in the open sea, where we'll have room to turn, but we do not know what way occur, and we must be ready for every accident. Above all the entrance must be defended to the last. Now, boys, you have everything in a nutshell, and just remember that you are fighting, not only for your own lives, but for the finest and loveliest women in the whole world. Mr Abel, will you take the boat and try the depth of the water ahead ?" - " Aye, aye, sir." And as Mr Abel was, like all the rest on board, in a state of suppressed excitement the boat soon shot out from Aurora's quarter on her mission. The water was found to be of enormous depth all over the little harbour. In fact it was evident that the bay was the deep crater of an extinct volcano. The men on board were in the meantime as busy as bees repairing and shifting and polishing. The gentlemen aft themselves examined the armoury which they had laid in for their own private use, and that important duty was almost finished when the " randy " the men sing when heaving the anchor was heard— " Whiskey for my Johnny." The Aurora was warped to the pier without much trouble. There was a crowd of women at the pier-head, but they regarded the proceedings with calm interest. The gun, an old-fashioned twelve-pounder, was swung up to the pier, and after an hours hard work it was got into position on the promontory. Everything was done with a will, and no one could object to the natural vanity of the men, who did their very best before the fair and interesting spectators. The whole proceedings were watched with the greatest curiosity by the women. They knew absolutely nothing of the reason for all the exertion, but they did not interfere or in any way interrupt the work. They simply looked on. By-and-by Lucia, Claudia, and Lesbia joined the group of spectators, and the attraction proved too great for our friends, who at once approached. They had not ever considered the reason for the respect paid to these ladies by their companions, but it was evident and sincere. Watson asked the ladies to go with him to the one-gun battery, saying he would explain to them what had been done. And so with many significant grins from the tars and a few smiles from the ladies who remained, the half-dozen young people paired off in the most natural way imaginable and strolled along by the shores of the unknown sea and over the lava boulders of forgotten time. Murray, or rather Horace, was right. You can't drive nature out with a fork. The whole thing looked as natural there as it would at a garden party in John's Wood or at an " At Home" in South Yarra on Toorak. Perhaps we shall hear hereafter what they talked about. Just now it would be unfair to interrupt. 