[ADVERTISEMENT.] THE EDUCATION REFERENDUM. By order, CHAS. ROSE, Hon. Sec. South Australian Free<*> thought Society. April 22, 1896. " Awake to righteousness, and sin not"—I. Cor. xv. 34. "If it be possible, as much as lieth in you, live peaceably with all men."—Rom. xii., 18. Presbyterian, Baptist, and Congregational churches who are strenuously advocating the introduction of religious instruction in the State schools daring school hours. Her. Sirs —Is it your opinion that the "royal law"—"Thou eha'.t love thy neighbor as thyself—is no longer binding upon Christians; that, utterly regardless of all others, who conscientiously differ in opinion from you, you are, one and all, earnestly striving to induce those who attend your ministry to answer "Yes" to the question, "Do you favor the introduction of religious instruction in the State schools during school hours f Do you believe that you are bidden by "Him" whom you call "liord," and whom you profess to serve, to do to others as you would have them do to you (Matt viL, 12; .Luke vi, 31)? Is it in obedience or in disobedience to this golden rule that you are doing your very utmost to get such religious instruction introduced in the State schools during school hours as will trend to assist you in capturing the young for your respective churches ? Would you have those who differ from you in matters of faith to force yon, had they the power, to contribute to the support of Roman Catholic education, or non-Christian religious instruction, or anti-Christian teaching, to which you, fur some conscientious or other reason, strongly object that, in open violation of the above golden rule, you should seek to compel them to assist insupportingsucb religious instruction that they can neither approve nor on behalf of their children avail tbeniselves of ': If you would obey your "God" (who called you, if you have spoken the truth, to the ministry of "His" Gospel), not the "Dcvi!," bo "subject unto the liijrher powers" (Bom. ?ah.). Tempt not die State to become the foster-father of your respective churches. Interfere not with tha imperative duty of "the powers that be" (ibid, v., 2) to contiuue imparting a thoroughly good and efficient secular education to every child attendiug their schools. And if in this matter you would farther serve your "God," not "Satin," "keep His comniaudments"' (I. John v., 3), above cited, by parforming your own duty to tlse youns. and by advisinjr your iraprojiorly- instructed hearers to answer "Yes' to thu question—"Do you favor the continuance of the present system of education in the State schools?"' "No" to tne question —" Do you favor the introduction of scriptural instruction in the State schools during school hours 'C1 *"}?o*' to tha question—-"Do you favor the payment of a capitation grant to ~do nouiinaiiuual schools for seeubir results V By :.ctin;,' thus you will, in this matter, cease to be what you now arc— "* blind leaders iof the blind," fomenters of strife, and I enemies to civil and religious liberty, and to tiie material, intellectual, political, and moral advancement of society. f la conclusion ii is my duty to warn 3>ou that your utterdisagrcenitjnt in nearly every funda mental doctrine of Christianity proves the absolute incompetency of each one of you to fill the so-called "sacred" office of Christian teacher, and also proves that tha UiWe—the book which you voluntarily proclaim toije the ! " book of books'' is so hard to be understood '? that it is not a fit book to put into the hands of children ; nay, into the hands of anyone who is not far better instructed than you your selves are respecting the Kind of boo'iiiit; jjible is. ere you arithmeticians, and were ? one and the same sum in multiplication ; to be given each one of you to work out, and ; were each one of you to jrive a dilfcrenc pro duct it would prove either that all of yon were ; wrong, or all but one. in the latter "caw the , successful one would in all probability be able | to detect ?r.d expote the mistake or "mistakes | made by each of his fellow-t-ompetitors. This :nu pardon or other competitor in theology can do. The reason is obvious. In j dab'iling with mysteries, such as the existence, I nature ;ind attributes of "God,^ the miraculous birth, divine nature, and human nature of ? Jesus "Christ," the origin and personality of I the "Holy Ghost," the fall and redemption of I man, one gets out of his depth aud is hope- { s?ssly lost unless he either goes back to Uo.no ? ! and abandons hisreason,or goes on to Atheism to be delivered and set at ease by thu rays of pure benign reason. 