SYLVIiA MONK'S CRIME, SPerhaps you think I don't know you,' said the Hindoo women, tauntingly. ' It was I who dragged the shawl from your shoulders that night in the great house. I know you,' and her tones grew fierce and bateful. 'I know you, my lady, You were suoposed to have died; you lay in state in your burial robes for six days; you were buried in the Chetwynd vault. And yet here you are alive ! It is you and none other i It is you, and not a ghost. It is you in the flesh, alive, stroog, well. How happens this, that you live who have been mourned as dead ?' The fierce vindictive voice failed to kindle a spark of anger in Bernice's breast. HIer heart throbbed with a keen pain. She was bewilderedi.dizzy, and still trembling. She did not. answer. 'Speak I' cried the Hindoo woman, shaking her. 'Do you deny that you are the Marchioness of Chetwynd ?' Bernice's oath prevented her declaring her identity. Not even to old Ragee could she confess herself the Marchioness of Chet wynd ?' 'Speak i' reiterated the old woman. 'Speak, or I will drag you up to the great house, andti into my lord's presence.' '-No,sno I' cried Bernice. 'I will not go there ! What do you want of me.' .'You acknowledge that you are Lady Chetwynd ?' ' No, I cannot acknowledge'that.' '-It.isn't- necessary, I know you. Who rscued 'you from your coffin ? Was It Gilbert Mdnk ? What was the matter with you in your illness? How came he to rescue you ?' 'Whyldo you ask me all these questions?' asked -B.raice. ' I cannot answer them. Let me go. Let me go, I say.' 'By no means. I haven't begun to speak to you yet. We are likely to be interrupted here,' said Ragee. 'Come with me. Do inot bang back, I shall not hurt you.' She grasped Beroice's arm yet more tightly, and hurried her forward with swiftimpatience. They plunged into portions of the path which Beroice had never visited. And at last they came out upon the border of a lovely little lake, formerly much used in winter by the Chetwynds and their guests as a skating pond. :The lake was lower than the surface of the park, and was inclosedby high banks, which were covered with stately trees. The borders of the lake were in shadow, but its centre lay in full'sheen of the moonlight, and looked lille some ereat pellucid pearl. There:was upon one bank of the lake a small, ovdrhanging chalet of the Swass order of architecture, whicb bad been built for the use of the skaters in winter. Its lower story opened- directly upon the lake, and was warmed in time of use by a little German porcelain':stove, Its upper story, reached upon the landward side by a flight of stairs, was provided with a great wide balcony across its entire front, where spectators bad been wont to sit to view the skaters. -The upper room of the chalet was cam o'etlv.. furnished, and was usually kept locked. Old Rsuee had lattely supplied herselt with :.keys to the building, with a view to ber present use of its0:: .·Sh .half led, ha'f dragged her victim up thb ln.??,; airy flight of outside stairs to the °upperl'd~~ o-y ? the chalet. The roof was wide aoil prot irng, and the balcony lay in deep sh'aisiw. ?e hurried Bernice along in the.gloomn to the door that gave upon the uiipper r.iin and there halted. Ragee seated her captive upon a sofa and sat down beside her, ktepine a close bold upon her. ::Thiey were entirely concealed from view from the direction whence they had come. The lake wa-under their very feet, and beyond were T* dark and wooded shores .iso belongisng the park. Convinced that sh. could not.bl seen even from the lake, Ragee turned to her young captive. . We are alone,' she said, in a voice that Sthirilled Bernice with a strange terror. 'Alone, my lady ! Do you comprehend ?' Y':s,' faitered B.rnice. 'We are ,lone.' '' Aie you afraid ?' S'N's, why should I be? But it is all so strange, Let me go, Ragee. Oh, let me -go.-!' .?-There, you have confessed, in the utter inceo(myname, that vouare Lady Chetwynd. "I ask you agaoin, and I ask it for the last time, what was the matter with youin your illness?' ""She siruck a taper and held the light in t..:he girl's face. The face was very pale from emnotion and weariness, but there was a brave .irad dauntless light upon it, And though, as before. Bernice refused to answer the ques tnbn, the old Hindoo woman searched her features in vain for any knowledge of the wicked attempts upon her life. It was evident thibat Monk had not betrayed to her his sister's " guilt. Ragee drew a breath of relief. . If you were to ask me these questions all night;' said Bernice, 'I could not answer you. You aire but wasting time on me.' 'Sometbiogjof the truth began, to dawn on tlhe mind of the astute woman. She began to perceive that Bernice was fettered by some Spromise given to Gilbert Monk. SI suppose,' she said, roughly, ' that you are bound by- some oath, my lady. What are you doing at Chetpynd Park playing ghost. - You have changed, grown beautiful, too; but what will your beauty avail you ? Perhaps you think to win back your former husband. You might as well try to win back your lost babyhood.' The light of the taper went out and she could not see how her words affected her but she wrent on, harshly " Lord Cnetsvynd is greatly annoyed at the apprarance of your supposed apparition. Hg threatens to leave the Park if he is further haunted. And it is natural that it shoold be so. When people die they should stay dead. SThe most violent grief will wear away, and the mourners fill the dead one's place with a rtw love, and the return of the dead to life would prove most awkward and embarassing. I'm sorry for you, my lady, but for the sake nof others I must tell you the truth. Lord Cbetsyd don't want you-Oack. He is happy with his first love, and she adores him. Your return to life and home will create more rmisery than your supposed death.' Every word of this speech pierced to Ber nice's very soul, yet shte did not cry nor moan. It was as Gilbert had said-- her place was filled and she was forgotten. The girl arose-Range loosening her grip upon her-and walked unsteadily to the low railing of the balcony and leaned upon it. She was too weak to attempt an escape. The old woman watched her a rpoment with a singular gleam in her eyes, and a look of hatred so intense that it was odd the girl could not feel it. Then she arose silently and crept across the balcony toward the girl till she arrived within two or three feet of her. Then, wsth a bound of a wild beast, she hurled herself upon the girl, caught her up in her arms, and flung her over the balcony into the lake. Bernice's scream and her splash in the water were simultaneous. Ragee leaned upon the balcony and looked over in the dirkness. She was not prepared for the sight that met her eyes. Bernice was striking out with one arm feebly, but with the skill of a swimmer, for a distant The old woman muttered a curse in her native tongue. 'She can swim like a fish,' she muttered. I had forgotten that she was taught to swim at St. Kilda. She means to lad-at that point yonder. She'll outwit mq yet. Ah! she begins to flag. She uses but one arm in swimming. She must have struck the other on that pile of stones just under.the surface of the water. Perhaps her arm is broken. She stops. She is hurt, or has a cramp She was right. Bernice had ceased to exert herself. She floated on the water as if helpless, and then threw up one arm wildly. The next moment. with a wild scrdam, she sank slowly in the dark waters, which closed over her. 'She is drowned,' muttered Ragee, with a jubilant laugh. Ill come to look for her body in tbe mdmrning, and every day.until I find it. I will then tie stones to iband sink it. I rather think, Mr. Gilbert Monk, that I have frustrated your schemes. The.ghost of Chetwynd Park is laid, and my missy will be Lady Chetrwynd, with no one to molest her We'll see how my lady will. rise fromi her grave the second time.' With a horrible laugh the old Hindoo woman flitted down the steps of the blcony and plunged into the shadoms'ol the pauk, taking a hamreward direction, and leaving Berlnice to her late. CHAPTER XVIII. DEPARTURE NECESSARY. WE will now return to Lord Chetwynd, whom weleft flying through Chetwynd Park in pursuit of the supposed spectre of his lost young bride. When Bernice had turned aside into a yet more obscure path, the young marquis dashed on in the wider avenue, unconscious that she had changed her course, and soon left her far behind, as we have narrated. His pro gress was toward the great house;, and when at length he slackened hts speed, with the conviction that the apparition had vanished, he was on the edgeof the park, upon the very border of the wooded lawn. He halted a moment in in?decision and bewilderment. And just then Gilbert Monk:came across the lawn with a swift stride, and approached him. Lord Chetwynd, in his excitement and agitation, shrank tack into the shadow, not caring to be seen; but Monk had caught a glimpse of the outlines of. his dark figure, and called to.bim softly, and in 'a suppressed voice: *Hallo, there Is it you,'Flack? I've tracked my game into the park. We must look lively- Ah I--the devil I Is it you, my lord ? His swift strdle had brought him close to the marquis. He recoiled in horror as he recognized his lordship, and, grew deadly pale lest he had betrayed himself. But the mnarquis had scarcely heard Monk's singular address, and bad certainly given. no heed to it. He was absorbed in his own bewildering experience, and had no thought save for that. 'Have you seen anything-anybody coming this way, Monk ?' asked his lordship, agitatedly. 'Not a soul, my lord,' answered Monk, eagerly. ' Are you looking fur some one ?' SYes -no. It must have been my imagination-no, I swear it was riot that. I cannot explain or understand it, but I saw her again but now, Gilbert in tbe park i' ' Her-Bernice ? Impossible, my lord. You must have seen one of the housemaids coming from a tryst--' 'What I Da I not know every ieature of the face that has lain so oftenin my bosom? the face that is engraven on riiy very soul? I tell you I saw her,. Monk. She flitted on before me and vanished into the shad. Ows.' ' Where did you see the fancied spectre ?' ' In the Little Beech Walk, just out of the Beech Avenue.' ' I'll take a turn in that direction just to satisfy you, Chetwynd, that the appearance was that of a housemnaid, or else a hallucina tion. You should get into' the house im mediately and sit by the fire, Chetwynd. Let Sylvia dose you a little. I am persuaded that you are not well' Without waiting for a response, Gilbert Monk turned away abruptly and'h'urried to the Little Beech Walk and to its junction with the Beech Avenue-two *well.known points in the extensive and well-kept park. He followed the Walk to its junction with the narrower and obscure path into which Ber nice had turned. He paused here, with a conviction that Bermnce had plunged into this path. So strong was his conviction that be struck a fusee and by its light examined narrowly the shadowed path into which but few beams of moohlight penetrated. His keen eyes speedily discovered traces of the struggle between the old Hindoo troman and Bernice. 'I yee,' he muttered. 'She has been here \--and so has some one else. There are marks of a strugele. Flack must have seen and captured her. That'ssit. She is in Flack's hands. But where has he taken ber? He would naturally carry her to the most secluded spot within a reasonable distance. He has probably taken her to the skaters' chalet by the Wide Waters. He has keys to the chalet, which I procured for him. Yes, he has gone there.' Without an instant's further delay he flung his burned-out fusee upon the ground, and struck out through the park.by a short cut toward the skaters' chalet. As he neared his destination, a wild scream -that uttered by Bernice as she fell into the lake from the balcony of the .chalet, when hurled over the parapet by1 the old Hindoo woman-smote his hearing... He quickened his speed into.a run, mutter, ing: ' Curse that dolt I Wliy does he let her yell like that? Does he mean to let her arouse the country? Cnetwynd may be be hind me, for aught I know. Why doesn't Flack gag the sirl ?' He alhrst flew along the path in his eager ness to reach the scene, his ears strained to catch the sound ol voices.fir 'a repetilioll of' the ser'am. He saw nrsthiOg inhis pathway -heard norhiep. But suddenly--so suddenly as to deprive him of bis breath-he came in abrupt and forcible contact with a person running in the opposite direction. This person was old Ragee. The collision was equally unexpected to her, and hurled her to'. the ground half senseless. Monk caught his breath' and put his hand to his chest, against which, the old Hindoo woman's head had bounded as if projected from a catapult. He believed that the parti ally stunoed creature at his feet was Bernice, who had escaped from Flack. He bent over the prostrate figure, and the old woman made an effort to arise. 'Bernice,' said Monk, in a gasping voice, 'are you hurt ? Good Heaven!' A stray beam of moonlight fell upon the dull red turban and dusky visage of the old Hiodoo ayah, revealing her identity most un mistakably. He stood as if paralyzed, as she slowly rose to her feet, moaning fesehly. *What are you doing here, and at this hour?' demanded Monk. *'What are you after, Ragee?' Tbe old woman unclosed her lips to make shrill, frightened scream of a woman in mortal peril. Monk waited to ask no questions. He comprehended that Bernice was in danger. He swept the cowering old Hindoo woman from his path with one powerful arm, and bounded on toward the borders of the lake. He gained the bank. He directed one keen, sweeping glance at the chalet, and tben scanned the lake, upon whose surface, save at the shadowed borders under the trees, lay the broad sheen of the pale moolight. Ah ! What was that ? A dusky bead in the bright shimmer of the moonbeams ? A human bead bobbing like a cork upon the waters? It rose-it fell! And now a low, sbuddering cry came from it. And now it began to sink slowly uhder the.sbimmering waters I Monk did not wait to reason, or think bow Bernice came to be in the lake, and so far out. He saw that she was there, and pulled off his boots and coat and plunged into the lake, striking out and making towards .ber with the skill and swiftness of a 'powerful swimmer. He was soon at her side. Her eyes were staring. She looked like one dead. He drew her to him with one arm and struck out for the little submerged pier under the chalet. Fe gained the pier and climbed upon it, still holding his burden tightly. He waded along the pier to the lower door of the chalet, in the shadow of the wide projecting balcony overhead. He produced keys from his pocket and unlocked the door, and entered the lower room of the chalet. He staggered across the room with his burden and laid her down upon the sofa in the darkness. Then he secured the door and struck a fusee. By its light he obtained from acornercloset a lantern, and having lit it turned it full upon the face of the. half drowned girl. 'She looks like dead,' he muttered. * If she is dead, my game is up I My fortunes hang on her life !' In a great panic he felt her pulse, and laid his hand above her heart. He could just distingtish the feeble pulsaitions, and he knew that she lived. Setting down the lantern, he hurried again to the closet. Here were kept various stores for the use of the skaters, and various remedies in case of accident. Monk.found them all. He poured a draught of brandy into a tumbler, and forced it between the girl's white lips. He chafed her hands, even while he shivered with cold and excitement. And presently her staring eyes relaxed their stony, unmeaning gaze, and her formquivered and a great throb at her heart sent the blood bounding through all her veins and arteries, quickening the pulses at the wrist and red dening the death-pale cheeks and lips. Monk redoubled his exertions, chafing her delicate hands and pouring yet more brandy down her throat, She choked a little, coughed, and uttered a low moan:; ' Bernice !' cried Monk, softly-' Bernice, speak to me,' The young marchioness turned her eyes upon him in a glance of recognitioi;, and feebly uttered his name. ' Yes, it is I--Gilbert,' he said, 'Why do you look around you in sudden fear.? No one can harm you, Bernice. I found you drowning. I saved yourlile to.night for the second time. There, don't speaki Bernice. I'll have a fire directly, and get the better of the chill that is on us both.' He hastened to carry his words into practice. In addition to the German porcelain stove, thre was a grate in the lower room of the chalet. Gilbert Monk found a few bundles of fagots in the closet, and soon had a fire blazing on the hearth. The resinous odor of pine filled the room with fragrance. The subtle heat penetrated to every ~orner. 'Now, Bernice,' said Monk,'approaching her, ' let me lead you a few turns, about the room. You are weak, I know, but. those wet garments will give you your death. Come I' FHe lifted her gently from the sofa, and supporting her carefully,, led her to and Iro the 'room, She leaded on him heavily. Her white silk robe, saturated with water, clung to her figure, and lay upon the floor in discoloured folds." Her ,wet hair hung over herushou!ders, dripping at every movement. Hier bare arms gleamed like wet marble. After a few turns about the room Bernice sat down again upon the sofa, white with pain. 'I hurt my arm falling from the balcony, she said. 'It pains me. Is it broken ?' It was her left arm. Monk examined it with solictsude. No bone wasbbroken, but the wrist was sprained, and the arm was badly bruised. 'I can do nothing for it,' he said.. ' You must not use the arm, Bernice. It ris a simple sprain, but requires a soothing lidiment. It will be all right in a week if it is'well cared for, and it shall be my business.'to see. that it is properly tended; Do you know where you are, Bernice ?' 'Yes, in the chalet,' said Bernice, looking around her with the first token po. interest in her surroundings she had yet displayed. And then she told him of her encounter with old Ragee, and the ayab's attempt to kill her by tossing her into the lake. . " Monk started: He had forgotten until'lhis moment his meeting and collision with old Ragee, The conviction that Ragee had pitted her. self against him was by no means pleasant. He knew the old Hindoo woman to be more subtle than a serpent, and he hardly dared hope that, he might outwit her. He was afraid of her. SBernice,' he said, abruptly,. 'who is your best friend ?' 'You are,' she answered, simply, with a childlike trust in him that ought'to have ap. pealed to his better nature. 'Yes, I am your best friend, Bernice. I rescued you from your very .grave. ' I bave proved sny true friendship for you. Will you trust me to the uttermost, Bernice. Will you heed my wishes, and let me take you to Mawr Castle.' 'Th girl's face grew paler; but she replied bravely : SI owe'you everything, as ydn say, Gilbert And if you wish I will go back'to' Wales and leave Roy and the dear holune I h.ve loved, and-and all-' 'And the murderous old ayah, who will not rest until she destroys your life,' inter posed Gilbert. * I must get you out oi her reach, She' is devoted to Sylvia, and she knows that Sylvia is betrothed to Cbetrynd, and she fears that you mean toprevent their marriage. And so this misguided old ayah, having discovered that you live, andt desiring to secure Sylvia's happiness, made up her mind to remove you. She wob't rest until she has accomplished her intention, unless I hide you from her.' 'Then take me hack to Wales. Takle me away, Gilbert, this very night.' ' Mrs. Croul is over at Eassbourne, and Flack is somewhere about the grounds. I will send him to Chetwynd-by-sea 'for a fly, and you shall be driven over to Eastbourne to Mrs. Crowl's lodgings. You can remain in her rooms until to-morrow evening, and then proceed to London, veiled or disguised, by the express. Mrs, Crowl and Flack will 