SHIPS AMD SPLINTERS ' The «iot»w at Slvas, Afliatio Turkey. ifare*«lttUBb.tered wholesale. Aloshol, in Any form, to be barrefl in the Tronsvaal as far as the natives are ponperoed. ©holer* stalking gnmly amongyt tto | members ?f the AnKlo-Egyptian Military Expedition. The House of Commons takes Govern ment benefits (or priority. ^ The N.B.W. taxa.tion department ia «o pressed with work that one hundred o*ta*.olerkBJiava been employed to un dertake the business of the office. 1 That Jameson trial threatens to be- j come a huge performance. I Another amall pox scare on the s.s. Australia turned up a very small affair. I The Melbourne Metropolitan Board of j Works are rapidly completing their pro gramme. Lunoheon Booms, 85 Eluabeth -Btreet. Turkish hostility prevents the Cretan Assembly going to business, and h»r- 1 ruses ersry peaceful deputy. I The mortgage bonds of the South j Australian State bank are in heavy request, It promises to be a huge suo- 1 cess in every way. I The Brunswick (Melbourne) Orange men attacked by a number of jintlemen holding obrerse views upon the subject. | Ireland in a nutshell. By James Slattery's confession of fuilt— all doubts concerning the North unction scrip forgeries in Melbourne I are sot at rest. The captain ot II M.S. Hood has buc neeaed in restoring the order of things in Oreto. I The Amerioan-Vsnezuelan Commission not in touch wiih British claims to holding. 1 JuiHLKB Soap nerer injureB the olotlieB. j Hakes them eweet and pure Hud as white as I inow. I France will forward a fresh expedition Lo Lake Tchad. The ifire which burned the Humber Cycle works destroyed ^100,000 worth of property. The barque Orange Grove has turned up all well after being duly wrecked on paper. The House of Lords has carried the Agricultural Bating Bill. Mildura, the Victorian irrigation garden, holds a fruit show at Melbourne. England and the 6tatss entering upon an arbitration treaty. And that's the way warfare will end. According to Judge Forbes public schools are noi-oeau iwi «»= uiowh-b ~» i criminals. A nice point to study. I George Morgan, the recently appointed deputy sheriff of N.S.W., has committed suicide. If you wish to saw money, tun e, and labor purchase and uBemily Jubilee Soap. Best value in Hobart. Sold everywhere at 8d. per bar. I Evan Prosser, of Prosser and Co., Syd ney, au old druggist*' firm, suicided. Australian produce likely to be directly ?xtended to Glascow ana oiuer duuii-u sities shortly. I The manager of the Bank of New Zea and has got into hot water with the Com mission of Inquiry. He has declined to give evidence regarding the state of m Jiridual accouuU in the bank, and baa been threatened with a fine of £;-00. and imprisonment until he pays it. lhe dic tatory Uine of the committee is the cause. If the Government had decided upon | dilatory methods in their delays with ; educational matters at Queenston, West Coaet, they ebould have studied con sistueDCy and delayed the appointment of a first-class teacher. As it « i with a popular and efficient teacher at the head of affairs, the building, which is o£ sar Idine- box proportions, is packed with bCholars, and yet the erection ot a suit able building is delayed. One of the most useful inventions to jousewivee is J uome ouay. ' — ? thU soap outlives all others . A West Coast scribe says that the 'miithtv ' Dobson could run on tor lou years when wound up. He had mea sured hU yabber from the strangers, gallery. I Strenuous efforts are being made to raise a ghost scare in Launceston, but it doesn't work well. Wally Mills, sou of Alma Mills, | George-street, Launceston, one of the best footballers in the noith, died in Perth, W. A,, of typhoid fever on Sun dav hist. . . Will Mead, brother of Captain Mead. at the river steamer Centennial, was drowned in the Tamar on Monday last, I through the swamping of the steamers 1 boat. I Australia won the second test match against All England by throe wiekete. The feature of the match was the splendid stand made by Tiammy Sammy j the Indian prince, who can id out his bat n the second iunings tor L.ii. Judilek Soip Kivo.« creamy lath ja and is splendid for waging ldcM, nr id fact, any felicate fabritre. A cleverly planne-1 frau.i in connection with a quantity of Broken I, ill scrip has j,wt been exposed by lhe liclbouruc au tlioritic?. A smart cmtoiner naincl Jamos | tUHery. described ks laborer, «-«-«1'- driver, «toelt anil Rliirelironer, and fie retary o£ a sheinirs1 and workers union, is a prominent figure in this remarkable casu. The EclipFa,'the most valuame piw« ?' England, has been won by St. Fruskin. Australian cri.-kuters have played 20 matches and only hs- three. TheBrunuer(N.Z.) disaster fuu-l now amounts to £30,000. If y«n wont a plate of soup, any hour of i the day, r?o to the City Luncheon Eooms, 85 Elitabeth- Btreet. The once-glorious 12th of July, which ngedto be celebrated in the North by a Smnd procession, a free feed, and ageneral ttaloo passed by this year in ominous ''r^young Nebraska lawyer, named Bryan described as the boy orator, has »ffl The CWcaeo Democratic Oonven ion with him, and is going strong «w™. ^residency of ,the United Mutes. ttcKinley, however, .oems to have him !ftTbe stud sheep submitted at the , recent Sydney sheep safes realised over £80,000. The House of Lords has, by a majority of 88, passed the third reading of the Kill which seeks to legalise marriage with a deceased wife's sister. A snake vnrn has been wired to the Twmanian Sailiea all the way from Hor bei ton, Queensland . A man says he ki lied ?JUG J.ULW *v£* I St. Joseph's Band have decided to com pete at the Intercolonial Hand Contest, to beheld in Sydney in November. The universal verdict is that Murray's .Tnhilon finun is eocond to uone for quality and cheapness. The Launceston City Council take ovnr the oontiol of the electiic lighting of the city from Messrs Siemens next month. In connection with the da-h for the West, the much spoken of Gordon track has been unfavorably reported un by Mr. | F. G. Innis, surveyor in charge. The warlike little Japs are maldne it very uncomfortable for the Chows at For mosa. They have destroyed over 60 vil lages and killed 1000 men. Aid. Wilson and Barrett had another suree at the last meeting of the Launces ton Citv Council. Wilson can't open his Modesty prevents ue from saying too much in favor of our own manufactures We only ask you to try O.K. Soap and CandlflF. There are more Japanese at Fort Darwin than Europeans, and hundreds are now being dumped down into I Queensland. Unless capital is con trolled by law there will be little room for white labor in Australia in the sweet bye-and-by. The Clipper is something more than I an advertising sheet. That ib why it 1 ? „ 4-Ua lamaat- firp.ula.tion. Marie Corelli writes her manuscript free from erasures and alterations, and then comes the champion master stroke —no revise is needed. I My prophetic soul, my uncle, just makes The Clipper chortle. Every body that takes any interest in life must see Trilby. Then having done so one half will be sure to catch the craws md the other half will say, «™. '';; Wbv there's nothing in the thing. Drat that old brand Public Opinion. At all wholesale and retail houses Murray's Jubilee Soap can be obtained. The famous suit of armor presented to the Maid or Orleans by Charles VII., his been discovered, which determines the exact height of Joan of Arc to have hoon Rft.4in. The pistol again. Evan Prosser, of Prosser and Co., druggists, Sdyney, drilled holes in himself on.Monday night and U no more. He also made an effort to murder hU wife and very nearly suc needed. . .. A rule ««t was granted by the full jourt on Tuesday, calling upon A.B., t solicitor recently sentenced in Laun Lton for forgery, ^ow cause w hy he should not be struck off the rolls. | ?? A B ' a solicitor, U good. How the devil's brigade lookfl after one another. JS would be nearer the mark. ' The Australians Uked Deiby shire f ery much They didn't like to leave it so Ojey remained at the wickets for nearly three days. The report of the Venezuelan diffi culty is now published, and it is decidely against the thieving John Bull, who will be politely requested to ' gel. Tames Slattery has owned up to the for^y of a quantity of North Junction \--- ir A-. ttwA-on Hill. ecru). There is a rather pathetic side to his ,tory. He said he went to pay the calls nthe scrip, and because he did not have it with him ho was not allowed to floso It waa the last day for paying I Recall, and when hs brought the scrip next day he was told they were for feited. . . , Mr H. Freeman has been appointed Council Clerk at Deloraine at a salary of .£150 per year. A chepp edition of Marcus Chwkes miMdlweoiii works has been published The literary career of Oliver Wendell ? , _ , ? i™^t- ant.iralv between me 60th and 76th year. His wit ripened with his years. The Australian Eleven are quite i able to ^^rC=erarn^\SBhan°d-fn this respect either. « No wonder the coming men will be Wr enoueh for a lifetime on one foot ball season ! ' Craw Bros, and Creed have coinp eted arrangements for the erection of a large tterwCbouse. to be built of brick on Main-street, Zeehan, in the /^ of th« wooden building recently destroyed by fir» A usiso key i. always »»iKM»' ^™£ ''Vyaroldact of the Scottish Parlia ? i Lu* r,n»li(ira.tions of a iudge in thrrealm'; and by a later statute the judge U to be at least 25 years of an. I A siuele bar of Jubilee Soap will do more Jrk ; SSn two of any other brand. 