A Sydney Shark Story. How ' Big Ben '' was Captured. By Philip Cohen. Nearly 40 years ago I was residing in the little wood-built cottage which was the original Pier Hotel, and which was erected on the self-same spot where its more pretentious namesake now stands, at Manly. I had been out for a day's fishing, in com pany with the late Ben. Skinner, of piscatorial re nown, and was returning home just previous to sun set with the results of a good day's sport— foreigners and their internal machines were an unknown quantity in those days, consequently fish were abun dant. On nearing Quarantine Point skinner sud denly directed my attention to what then appeared to be a black speck lying still on the surface of the water about 100 yards to our left, in the. direction of Dobroyd, ' Let us see what that is," said Skinner. We at once altered our course, and pulled straight, but slowly. towards the object. On reaching with in about 20 or 30 yards of it, Skinner exclaimed : ' Why, I'm blest if it isn't the dorsal fin of a shark.' ' ' Yes, and by the size of it,' * I replied, 'it is Big Ben ' himself." "Holiwater," said Skinner, softly. ' Let's try and give him the iron." ' What's the good of that,' said I. " There is only two or three fathoms of line attached to the harpoon : of what use is that ? If we strike him he is safe to sound, and then if the end of the line is fast to the boat we must be either swamped or capsized, that's a moral certainty.'' Skinner mused for a second or two, then he said : ' You are quite right, but at any rate let us give him the iron, and let the brute carry it away with him, line and all for that matter. If I can only strike°. him in a vital spot, the harbour will be well quit of the monster.' ' Here, you take both paddles,' continued Skinner, " and pull gently ; make as little noise as possible in the rowlocks. I will clear away the har poon, and give it to him from the bow. Now, then, pull easy, straight for him. ' The wretch is fast asleep I do believe.' ' He has never been caught asleep as yet, Ben," I replied, ' so don't count your chickens before they are hatched.' It was ' Big Ben ' sure enough. His enormous dorsal fin was not to be mistaken. There it stood up almost perpendicular, about 18in. above the surface of the water. We were now within about a dozen yards of the great brute. He continued motionless, while I, just dipping the ends of my paddle blades in the water, noiselessly crept up a couple of yards closer to him. Skinner—then a powerful young man — stood upright in the bow of the boat, harpoou in hand, preparing to strike. We had now approached within five or six yards of the monster, when sud denly he gave a tremendous swirl with his tail — which caused our skiff to rock violently— and dis appeared in the depths below. ' There you are, Ben,'"said I, giving vent to laughter, which I could not restrain, notwithstand ing the imminent danger we had so narrowly escaped from. I told you not to count, your chickens before they were batched." Skinuer still stood in the bows of the boat, with the harpoon poised in his. hand, apparently much chagrined. ' The infernal brute,' he at last exclaimed, ' I believe he sleeps with one eye open, but I will be in at his death yet if God spares me.' ' I'm afraid you will have to wait a long time yet for that event to happen,' I replied. ' The brute has never been caught asleep yet; he has suffered no boat to come near enough to let the iron be used on him, although, as you are aware, many futile attempts have been made for years past. No bait will tempt him ; he, as it were, dexterously avoids harpoons and scornfully laughs at shark hooks and chains. So taking all these things into consideration, how and when do you reasonably expect to be in at his death, as you put it ?" ' Well, never mind,' said Skinner, gloomily lay ing down the harpoon, and scanning the waters around. ' We'll see. The brute has not shown up again, nor will he, 1 believe, until he reaches his usual haunts at the other side of the harbour. Be sides the glory attendant upon the capture of such a dangerous monster, he would be worth more than £100 to his captors for exhibition in Sydney, the people there never before having seen anything in the shape of a shark equal to him. But let us get home, the sun is setting, aud I feel as if I could do justice to my supper.' We each resumed our oars, and within half an hour pulled up alongside) the newly-erected pier at Manly, where we found two of the Watson's Bay fishing boats moored. The men to whom they be longed were on the pier when we got there, and to whom we related our recent adventure with " Big Ben.' One of the men — Major Lee —a well-known and expert fisherman of the time— turned towards Skinner, who was about proceeding home, aud accosted him thus : ' Ben, we are going to ' fish our way home ' to night, but tbe tide won't serve till after 10 o'clock, so after you have taken your supper come and join us at the hotel, and let us have a drink or two and a Yarn for an hour or so, and who knows but we may hit upon some plan for the successful capture, of 'Big Ben.' He would prove to be a little fortune for some of us if we could only lay hold of him, the brute.' ' All right,' replied Skinner, ' I'll be there,' aud, returning; to his boat, rowed slowJy in the direction of his home at "the corner," while I and Major Lee, followed by the other fishermen, made our way to the hotel at the other end of the pier. Between 8 and 9 o'clock the same evening I be took myself into the little bar parlour of the Pier Hotel, and found there assembled Major Lee, Ben Skinner, and four other fishermen whose names I forget, with the exception of one, whose name was Newton. On entering the room I was accosted by Skinner, who said : ' Well, boss, how do you feel now after our little shark adventure of the afternoon : ' ' All right, Ben,' I replied, ' but after due re flection I think we were rather foolhardy, and had a very narrow escape. It is lucky for us both that Providence did not endow that monster with suffi cicnt brains to make him aware of the power he possessed, or how easily he might have made a meal off one or hoth of us.' ' That's true enongh,' remarked Lee, ' but sit down and join us. sir ; we are discussing whether we cannot devise some means for the capture of the wary brute, and yon may possibly assist us in our deliberations. It is quite clear that a sunk line with ordinary bait won't fix him, and from ample expe rience we know that he will not suffer a boat to get near enough to harpoon him. Well, the question is, can anyone suggest any other method likely to lead to his capture ? ' After a short pause one of the other fishermen — an elderly man possessing a weather-beaten face, evidently 'an old sailor— rose to his feet aud spoke thus : - - ' Beggin' your pardon genelmen, when I followed Ihe sea I. seed a good many sharks taken one way and another, but the most I seed took was when the ship was almost becalmed, or goin' about a couple o' knots. A shark don't care anythin much for a bait as lies still on the bottom, but show him some thin' a movin' near the top, then he's all there, and grabs it quick, axin' no questions. I sez try Big Ben ' with a drift bait, and let it be a big un whi!e youre about it.' After the old man sat down, Skinner, who was sitting next to me, whispered in my ear : 'The idea is good enough, but how could it be carried out.' At this juncture some noise and shrieks of laughter were heard in the adjoining bar. On inquiring for the cause of this boisterous hilarity we were in formed that ' Tom Pepper ' had just arrived in his dingy from Watson's Bay, and he stated that while on his passage' across the Heads his boat had bsen attacked by ' Big Ben,' ' Send him in here,' said I, laughing nearly as heartily as the congregants in the bar. The young man nicknamed ' Tom Pepper ' was a well-known deuizen of Manly. His proper name was Dan Haly. He was a smart young fisherman, but was notoriously addicted to drawiug the long bow, so much so that no one who was acquainted with him believed a word he said, even if at times be should accidentally have spoken the truth. Hence his sobriquet of ' Tom Pepper.' In response to my invitation, into the room he came, and certainly, whether assumed or otherwise, he appeared to be somewhat scared. 'Well, Dan,' said I, continuing my mirth, ' what's the yarn this time ; draw it as mild as you can, and make it as short as possible, so that every one here may believe all you say.' ' So help me,' commenced Dan. . ' Stop,' roared Major Lee, ?' don't swear, if you do nobody will believe a word you utter.' Amidst the laughter which ensued after this sally, Dan stood looking very sheepish, and, after a few moments' pause, began again, saying : ' Look here now, I'm going to speak truth this time. I was coming across from Watsou's Bay in my dingy, and just as 1 reached between Dobroyd and Quaran tine Point I felt as if the boat had struck a rock. Of course I knew there were no rocks thereabout in mid-channel where I was. I at once guessed it was a shark. In a moment my boat shook like a rat in a cat's mouth. I thought it was ' Big Ben,' and I made sure it was all up with me, but I struck out with my paddles, and thank God I got clear. It was ' Big Ben ' sure enough, for, by the light of the moon, I could not be mistaken. As 1 got away I saw his big dcrsal fin looming large on my starboard quarter, about 20 yards off.' ' Where's the dingy now ? ' broke in Skinner. ' Made fast to the pier.' ' Is she making any water ? ' ' Yes, a little.' ' Well, now,' continued Skinner,' I know your boat well. She is a good strong little thing, but if ' Big Ben ' has had a grip of her, you may take my word for it, he has left his mark, so I propose we go and haul her up on the bench, and examine her bottom. What say you. lads ? Who knows but Dan may have spoken the truth for once iu a way. Shall we go ?" An affirmative answer was given by all in the room, a lantern was procured, and away we all hied to the pier, followed by the doubters in the bar. The boat was soon hauled up on the beach and turned over. With the aid of tbe lantern we plainly saw the marks made by the teeth of tbe shark on the keel of the boat, about I8in. from the stem post, which was slightly removed from its proper position, while three of the points of ihe brute's teeth remained embedded in the wood of the keel. It was plain that Dan had told the truth for once, at any rate, and it was admitted by all present that he had wonderfully escaped from a frightful death. . Having relumed to the hotel the matter was dis cussed at some length, unt 1 Major Lee, becoming impatient, exclaimed : *' It's getting late, lads, and we must soon be off. AIM can say is that it is quite cvideut this monster has started a new game, and if he continues at it some of us one of these nights will be losing the number of;our mess. How is it possible to tackle the bruto with any measure of success V Will any one propose something ? ' ' Yes, I will,' said I. ' I am quite iu accord with my friend the old sailorman, who spoke to the purpose a little while ago. If auything will ever tempt ' Big lien ' to take a bait, it must be a drift ing one, and it likewise must be a dainty morsel, not a fish bait ; he gets plenty of that. Wo all know that he in a dainty biute, and must be treated accordingly. My proposition is that we procure a good strong 10 gallon keg, seize it at both ends with whale line, fonniug a loop in the centre of about a fathom or so in depth, dependent from which should be another fathom of single line, to which should be annexed the hook and chain. Now conies the bait ; (hat's a puzzler. What cau he be tempted with ? ' ' I quite sgrce with you,' rejoined JSkiuuer, '*' a fairly gcd idea, I think ; but, as you say, what to offer him os a bait is the puzzle. Do you think a good sized sucking p:g, properly cleaned and fit for table, would tickle the brufe's farcy ! ' ' The very thing,' remarked Major Lee. ' The plan proposed is a good one, and should succeed. If we try it and it fails, I think we may then give it up as a bad job, and leave .' Big Ben ' as master of the situation, tor all time. The VVoodlaik, whaler, is lying over in North Harbour ; 1 think jf one or two of us were to interview Captain Sargent, he might assist us by lending us a lance and a few fathoms of whale hue. If we can get things to rights in time, I think the night after to-morrow would Huit well for us to try the experiment. I would suggest that right opposite my place, near the Bottle acd Glass, would be the most likely place to set the trap. Scarcely two days pa;s iu* succession without my seeing his big fin, aud I know his chief beat in the night time is between my place aud Hose Bay.' Some further conversation ensued, and it was finally arranged that Skinner and I should interview Captain Sargent the next morning. I also pro mised to find the keg. Dan volunteered to procure the pig, and clean it ready lor use, and if all went well Skinner, Dan, and I were to cross over and meet the others the night after next at Major Lee's hut, near the Bottle and Glass. After breakfast the next morning Skinner and I took the skiff, and pulled acros3 North Harbour to where the Woodlark was lying at anchor, about half a mile from Manly pier- We soon reached her, and luckily found Captain Sargent on board. He received us very courteously, and listened atten tively to all we had to say, and at once complied with our request for the loanof a lance and some whaleline, which were soon forthcoming. He also called one of the hands and directed him to show Skinner how to seize the line securely round the ends of the keg. After handing us several fathoms of line, aud a splendid lance, and we were about to depart, he said, ' Stay a minute,' and then went below. After the lapse of a couple of minutes lie reappeared, holding in his hand a splendid steel shark hook and chain, which he gave to' me, saying : ' Here is a good bit of stuff for you, and you maj* take my word for it, if Mr. * Big Ben ' gets that hook fast in his jaws it will take him all he knows either to break or straighten it.' Thanking tha captain for his kindness we took our departure, and were scon alongside the pier. Skinner W66 pretty well engaged nearly all tho remainder of the day in fixing' up the keg,' wludi tic at last accomplished in a workmanlike manvcr, thanks to his instructor on board the Woodlark. Next mornng Dan returned from Narrabeen with a fine large sucking pig, killed and cleaned, and as white as snow. It weighed over 131b., and, as Das remarked, ' If that dainty morsel would not tempt ' Big BeD,' nothing else in this world would.' Ou that evening, just as the sun was setting, after fixing up * all our traps, Ben Skinner, Dan Haly, and myself embarked in the skiff for Major Lee's domicile at the Bottle and Glass, which we duly reached shortly after dark. We found the Major and his friends all assembled and anxiously awaiting our arrival, as they informed us they had seen the monster's big dorsal fin iu the offing twice that evening, and that he was certainly on his usual beat between there and Eose Bay for the night. The implements we brought with us were duly examined, aud pronounced excellent by all. The shark hook aud chai.i in particular was much ad mired, and some of the men went so far as to declare thai ' Big Bea ' was a ' gone coou.' Everything being fixed up ready for use, the pig was placed on the hook, with part of its body well secured with white line ou to a few inche3 of the chain, the swivel at the ( nd of which boing firmly attached to the sinele line, which reached from the loop dropping from the two ends of the keg. It was finally re solved that the drifting bait with its appurtenances should be quieSly dropped overboard from the boat at about 100 yards in a northerly direction from the Bottle and Glass. It was nearly 10 o'clock when Major Lee's big fishing boat was hauled in from her moorings, and iuto it 'got Lee, Skinner, Dan, and my£elf, closely followed by the four other men who were at Manly two nights previously, the apparatus being carefully stowed in the bottom cf the boat. Having shoved off, we quiely pulled to what we supposed was the distance agreed npon ; then we silently releeated what we devoutly hoped might prove to be '* Big Ben's ' supper into about four fathoms of water, and then returned to Lee's hut, where we all passed the night in the best way we could. As toon as day began to break the next morning we were all astir. A big billy of tea was soon pre pared, and hastily partaken of. The boat had been made ready for a start, and into her we all took our places. Lee, Dan, and I occupied the stern sheets ; Skinner stood up in the bow, lmce in hand, and the four fishermen took the oare. After proceeding about 50 yards from the shew, Sk nnereic aimed : ' Why, there is no sign of the keg about here. Could the beggar have swallowed tie pig and got fast, aud then towed the keg away ? ' ' In that case,' said I, ' he would soon tire of that game, and cannot be very far off. Let us pull round Vaucluse and Rose Bay. What say you, Major ? ' '? All right.'' replied the latter; 'perhaps the wretch, has swallowed tho pig, keg, and all, who knows,' continued the Major, laughing heartily. . ' He is big enough to swallow a hogshead, let alone a keg.' Away we went, at a good stroke, round Vaucluse Point iuto Eose Bay, but there was no visible sign of the keg anywhere near those localitiep. After a little consultation we determined to cross over to the other side of the harbour, and 6earuU round Middle Head and the Quarantine Station. This we did with no better luck. Green Flat, The Old Man's Hat, and North Head received due scrutiny, but it availed nothing. We could get no glimpse of the keg. '? Could he have gone to sea and taken the keg with him ? ' said Dan, addressing me. ' No fear of that,' I replied. ' If he is fast, splendid tackle holds him, and he cannot get away from it, and if he tried to travel quickly, that keg would soon drown him. He has kept to the other side, depend upon it. Let us return there. Some thing whispers to me that we shall yet find the brute.' By this time we had been out nearly three hours, and the men were becoming doubtful of success, when the boat's nose was shaped again for the oppo site shore. When we had reached about midway between the Heads, Skinner, from the bow of the boat, shouted out, excitedly, ' Hold hard, what's that ? ' pointing in the direction of South Beef. Every eye was at onca directed towards the point indicated, when some object was plainly seen bobbing up and dowu at interval!1, as far as we could judge, about 200 yards to the eastward of Ihe leef. '? Give way, latis ; by heaven it's the keg, and ' Big Ben ' is fast to ft I do believe.' shouted Lee. amidst great excitement. The boat flew through, the water, and in less than 10 minutes we were within 100 yards of the floating object, which sure enough proved to be the keg. It was not moving through the water at any pace, and was only gently bobbing up and down. '' Now men,' said* L.ee, *' pull gently, and make as little noise as possible. Let us get as close as we can, and you, Ben,' addressing Skinner, ' stand by with your lance, and drive it home whenever you see a good chance.' Iu a couple of minutes we got within 10 yarJs of the keg. Then the men laid upon their oars, but as yet we saw nothing of the shark. Presently the keg became nearly submerged, when tkinner, almost in whisper, observed : ' I think he's done for, the beggar is bringing his weight on the keg.' ' Don't be too sure of thaf,' replied Lee, ' wait till we catch hold of the line and br.ng a strain on him. I think you'll find he has get enough life left in him to play up old Harry before he gives in. Let us act with caution.' The last words had scarcely left Lee's mouth when the keg rose to the surface . with a thud, and about 10ft. or 12ft. from it ap peared the big dorsal fin of '* Big Ben.' ' Back her step first geutly towards the kfg,' eaid Lep, ' we will try to lay bold of it and catch one of Ihe loop lines. Now, Ben, stand by with your lance, and give it him through the gills if ycu cau.' The boat was backed close to the keg. Lee and Dan caught hold of each end of it, and lifted it on to the stern sheets. Each of them seizsd one of the loop lines, and commenced to haul taut, when, as Lee had predicted, the shark, feeling the strain on the hook in his jaws, or wherever it was located, lashed out furiously with his tail and sounded. The lines flew out of the hands of Lee and Dan, aud the keg fallowed after, and disappeared along with the shark. The men looked at each other in blank amazement. ' Never uiind. lads,' siid I, laughingly, '« that can't last long ; we shall see the keg again pre sently, and then the brute will require some time to catch fresh breath, then our time will arrive for re newed action, bo keep your eye3 well about, and watch for the keg to rite, then pull with a will straight for it.' Fully five minutes elapsed before the keg re appeared, about a quarter of a mile the other side of the reef, and in less than a minute afterwards the big dorsal fin followed suit. ' Now lads,' shouted Skinner, ' pull for your lives, the.biute must be exhausted, and I think we'll nab n:m this time.' In less than three minutes the keg was again in the boat, and the lines once more hauled taut. Tuc shark moved ever so little, and as be lay near tho surface of the water a good view was obtained of him, and an enormous monster he was, of the bluo poiuter species. We slowly approached lowilhin a couple of yards of his broadtide, when Lie shouted ? ' Now, Ben, look out, and let him have it.'1 At that instant the shaik turned slightly, and opened his ponderous jaws, as if preparing to grip the bow of the boat, when Skinner dexterously raised his lance, and, with a well-aimed drivr, passed it clean through the monster's gilts. ' In with your oaiv,' roared Lee, and all hands hoi 1 on to the lines, or lie will sink, and we shall lose him.' The water all round the boat was red with his blood. He made one or two feeble efforts to get dear, when Skinner gave him another good thrust with the lance. Then, after two or three convulsive swirls of his tail, ' Big Ben,' the terror of Port Jackson for many years, gave np the ghost. The monster was virtually dead, but h:s powerful muscular action continued for some little time, so much so that we experienced great difficulty in passing a noose over his head and behind his im mense side fins. Eventually he was firmly secured, and safely towed into Watson's Bay. It was high water, so we beached him. and then all of us went ashore for refreshment, which we much needed after our arduous and long morning's work. Haviug satisfied the inner man we returned to the enormous carcase, which measured 17ft., less 2in. I have forgotten the exact measurement of his pirtb. but it was fully as large as a beer hogshead. We had no means for weighing him, but he must have weighed nearly a to*o. His ponderous jawe were lined with five rows of greit serrated teeth. When the tide receded we opened him out, and in his capacious maw we diseovered, amongst other items, the half digested carcase of a large dog, part of a coir door mat, a fifaeepskin, a eoogee bag, -a fcalmon which had only recently been swallowed, and the fore part of the sucking pig bait. Tho other portion still re mained fastened to the chain and the shank of the hook, which litter had got a trm hold of him deep in hia upper j iw. That same afternoon the men towed him up to Sydney, where he was Fafely en sconced under a' tent at the Circular Quay, and where he was exhibited at Gd a head. Some thousands of people patronised the show, and for a certainty the plucky six fishermen who cuded tie carerr of ' Big Ben ' reaped a good harvest as the result of their venturesome capture of the greatest monster ever caught or seen in the shark-ridden waters of Port Jackson. 