CURRENT TOPIGS. SUPREaME CouRT.--The following is the cause-list of the February sitting of the Supreme Court, in its small debts juris diction, which takes place on Tuesday next :-With a jury-C. G. Hall v. Wm: Bewaher, goods sold, £32 0s 3d; Archer and Clemons for plaintiff, Clarke and Croft for defendant. F. L. Fysh v. VW. D. Black well, goods sold, £53 7s 11d, Richardson and Mackay for defenduant A. A. Mills v. Henry Stoner, wades, £830; Clarke and Croft for plaintiff, Doiiugh_ and Collins for defendant. E. H. Reading v. Felix Cat. wright, rent, £15 4s 6d; Douglas and Collins for plaintiff, defendant in per?so, J. W. R. Semmelhaack v. H. S. Muir, goods sold, £11 9s ; Mr Waldron for plaintiff. J. B. Waldron v, C. B. M.Fenton, work done, £32 3s 6d; defendant in person, Without a jury--Win, H. Abbott v. S. Miller, dishonoured pr.'missory note, £28 17s; Law and Weston for plaintiff, Martin and Hobkirk for defendant. Archibald Martin v. Wm.Nowman, wrongful distress, -£50; Mr Murnane for plaintiff, Mr Wal dron for defendant. W. B. Dean v .J. W. R. Semmelhaeck, breach of contract, £45 ; Clarke and Croft for plaintiff, defendant undefended. STUD SHEEP.-The cutter William, which sailed for Boobyalla yesterday, took three fine two tooth Leicester rams from the flock of Mr W. G. Hogarth, Kirkdale Lodge, Evandale. The sheep are consigned to Mr George Groves, Boobyalla, and will be used for stud purposes. A PECULIAR KANGAROO HUNT.---r Vincent] Legge, of Cullenewood, writes: -"A rather interesting and, I think. peculiar occurrence happened to-day on Cullenswood estate. My father's shepherd was out on the Tier cattle mustering, where kangaroo are fairly numerous, and he observed his shespdog put out a kangaroo from a scrubby creek. In stead of giving direct chase he worked out wide as if he were working a sheep, and after some time brought the animal quite exhausted up to his master, and never once attempted to bite the kangaroo. The shepherd caught the kangaroo and examined it, and found that it was full. grown, healthy, and ear-marked. He let it go. I was not an eye-witness to this occurrrence, but you may accept his account of it t) me to be thoroughly reliable." CITY POLICE CouwT.-Mr E. Whitfeld sat at the police court on Saturday. A case against a defendant who was charged with having failed to pay £1 8e 31 school fees for his children at the Invermay state echo-1 was heard ex parte, and an order made for the payment of the money, in default distress. OBiTURan.-Mr Thomas Bryan, a well known messenger at the Government offices, died at the General Hospi'al yesterday, aged 76. About six weeks ago the do.e ceased was seized with a fit and fell at the corner of George and Patterson stccets, the result of the occurrence being a fra6tured skull. He was taken to the hospital, where be got a little better, but the injury to his head was too severe for one of his years to reoover from, and he died as stated above, Ilr Bryan was born at St. John's, Wells; County Kilkenny, Ireland, and early in life showed a capacity for music. He entered the army as a bandeman at avery early age and served for 21 years, having ,had the honour of plaJing at her Majesty's coronation. He received his certificate for good conduct for a period of 21 years, and :never bad a single mark against him. He passed through various positions honour ably in England and Ireland, and in 1840 came out to Sydney. In 1841 he came to Tasmania, where he married Miss Deborah Phillips, daughter of the late Mr Moses Phillips, of Launceston. In 1848 he left Launceston for India, for the purpose of serving in the Indian Mutiny in the 96th Regiment (infantry). Returning to Eng land after the close cf the campaign in 1856 he again visited Ireland, where he remained until 1E60 as bandmaster of the Louth Mi'itia Band. In 1868 he returned to the colonies, and was bandmaster of the Fremantle (W. A.) Band until 1865; thence he went to Perth (W. A.) and re mained till 1879. In that year he came to Launceston and accepted the, position of bandmaster to St. Joseph's Band. Leoving that musical insti. tution he tookcommand of the Tradesman's Band now defunct. He was appointed caretaker of the Public Buildings in 1879, and filled that position with credit to him self until the time of his accident. The deceased leaves a family of six sons and Pour daughters. He was a clever musician, and throughout his career in Tasmania he justified the good credentials which he brought from the Imperial authorities. He was quiet and courteous in manner, and was greatly respected. . FAEEWELL ENTERTAINMIENT. -- At the Bijou Theatre this evening a complimen tary farewell entertainment is to be given to Barney MIagee. Among those who have promised to take part are the following: "Messrs D.Roach, D. M'Queen, J. O'Rourke, O. Miller, O. O'Neill, Hazlewood, Barney Magee, and others. St. Joseph's Band will assist by parading to the theatre. The promoters have arranged a. good pro gramme, and expect cordial support from patrons of this place of amusement. SA.IrOF CuoIc OIL PAINTINGS.-Messrs W. T. Bell and Co. Limited, under instructions from Captain F. Forrest, will sell by auction at their mart at two o'clock this afternoon about 35 very superior oil paintings from the brush of this debervedly popular artist. In this catalogue will be onund subjects in connection with the island's early history, which must become of great value to the purchasers. CLIFF GROUNDS CONCERT.- Excelsior seems to be the motto of the amusement committee who are responsible for the entertainments offered to an appreciative public at this attractive and growing place of resort. Only the other day they were content to give an occasional band concert upon the turf of tha lawn, which, however green, was not conducive to good musical effect, but with the completion of the hand. some music platform which has been erected through the unflagging energy of the ladies, and the success of the vocal part of the concert given at their last gardenfete, has led to more ambitious aims. The a fresco, vocal, and instrumental concert, advertised for Wednesday evening next, under the patronage of the officers of the Northern Defence Forces, and assisted by.many of our most popular singers, is a distinct departure. A quartet, a duet, and several solos are promised. A full two hours' good music and singing amidst the delightful and fairylike scene that these grounds present when illuminated should prove most enjoyable, and certainly com mand a full house. MUszcAL ENTERTAINMENT.-Last even ing, the weather being somewhati close for indoor entertainments, the Albert Hall was not so full as on the occasion of ordinary Sunday concerts. The programme arranged was, however, much appreciated, the" pieces including selections by the Garrison Rand and vocal music by Mrs Mitchell, Miss Alice Grant, Mr E. Macna .eara, Mr S. Lidster and othere, SLEtIrN REetLATIONB.-At the services of the Boman Catholic churches through out the colony yesterday the regulations for fasting in lent were announced. They are the same as last year, but if the recommendations of the Synod of Sydney are approved there will, it is believed, be a radical change in these regulations next year. BAND CoNCoapT.-St. Joseph's Band oc cupied the band stand in the Cataract Cliff Grounds yesterday afternoon. Under the conductorship of Mr J. F. Lithgow an excellent programme of music was rendered and was thoroughly enjoyed by those pre. sent. SALE OF PROPERTY.-Messrs Alfred Harrap and Son notify an important sale of property at Invermay for Wednesday. It comprises allotments and cottages owned by Mr D. Callaghan. Full particulars . were given of these properties in our ad vertising columns on Saturday. SCENTENNIA? ExccusioN.-The s. Cen ,tennial will run an excursion to Dilston this evening. JShe will leave the wharf at eight o'clcck, and return two hours later. The Garrison Band will be on board, and under the conductorship of Bandmaster Harrison will render a well selected pro gramme of music. Such an opportunity for a pleasant run on the river [will no Sdoubt be largely availed of. TAILoRINo.-Messrs Dempster of the Corner Shop make a special announcement in our advertising columns in connection with the tailoring department. A heavy reduction is offered in the washing tweeds during the coming fortnight, and general information of interest is given in the advertisement. VARIETY ENTERTAINERS.-On Saturday afternoon a juvenile company of enter taineers grvw a matinee performance in the Temperance Hall to a fair andience. The 'programme presented was a varied one, * comprising songs, jokes, conjuring sketches, etc., and seemed, judging by the hearty , applause, to afford immense amusement to the youngsters assembled. EreLsrsr MAILs.-The Orient Company's B.M.S. Cuzco, with the English mails on board up to January 18, reached Albany (W.A.) at 11 p.m. on Friday. The Tasma nian portion is due here on Friday evening per s. Glenelg via West Devonport. HoBAIT SANITATroN.-Applications will be received, addressed to the MIayor and Aldermen of Hobart, for the combined positions of Officer of Health and Sanitary Inspector, up till four o'clock to-day. Applicants must be duly qualified medical practitioners, and devote the whole of their time to the service of the Corpora tion. The salary is £350 per annum. "A 3'arntsrAs CARnoL N PRosBE." -At Evandale this evening the Rev. G. C. Per cival, of Allany, N. S. W., will give a dramatic recital of Charles Dickens's famous story thus quoted. He repeats ast the Patterson-street Wealeyan school-room Sto-morrow evening, when the Balfour-street choir will render a series of beautiful Christmas carols at intervals, and the Misses C. Gee and L. Jackson will contri buts solo6. Mr Perciva comes witha gdod record as an elocutionist, and has been favourably compared with the Rev. Charles Clark. Recently he recited in Melbourne before 1000 persons, and also in Bendigo and Ballarat before large audiences. HORTICULTURAL Snow.-Entries for the summer show of the Launceston Horti- cultural Society, to be held in the Albert Hall on Wednesday next, close to night. The principal attr. ctions are the begonias in pit plants, and asters and dahlias in cut flower , which are at their beat at this period of the year, and there is every reason to believe that this exhibition will be in no way inferior to the usual stan- dard. The City Park has also been secureld by the society, and an open-air concert will be given by one of the bands in the evening. DENIAL.-In our advertising columns Dr. Cheetham gives a flat contradiction to the rumour that he intends shortly to leave Scottsdale. He declares his intention of permanently r-siding in the district and prosecute his professional duties. "Caiuincc MESSENGER."-The NO. 8 of the series of this publication is now rt ady. It contains illustrations of Lake Eorell and much int resting reading matter. TIDAL POWER FOR ELECTRIC GANERA- TION.-Mr J. Lowmeyer, C.E., late of the Adelaide Engineer-in.Chief's Department, has patented a water motor designed to utilise the power developed by the rise and fall of the tide. The motor is not exposed to the sea, but can be fixed at a considerable distance in.shore and at any he:ght above high water. It is intended chiefly for the generation of electricity. The patent, which is under offer to an English company, will probably Ibe tried in connection with the electric lighting of Port Adelaide. A MACHIAVELIAN CONTRIVANCE. - In spector Anderson, of Sunbury, has in his possession a contrivance to derail a train that was found on the head of a high bank on the up line a mile this side of Macedon on Saturday last. Ganger Cumpy noticed it in walking the line, but thought it was timber that had dropped off in transit, and took no notice. In returning he turned it over and found a plan. This, with the timber, was sent to Macedon, and on Sun day the stationmaster, in Icoking at the plan, discovered its use. It consists (says an exchange) of 4-inch blocks in three portions. That on the one end has been brought to a feather point, gradually run- ning out to the full width of the timber. Slots were cut to allow it b.ing slipped into the chairs. The other portion is a plank, 1ain thick, which is to be placed on the opposite rail, taking the wheel up, and evidently, when on it, would slip and throw the train off. It has been made roughly with a blunt axe and saw, but would haves effected its purpose without doubt. A camp was discovered 100 yards distant in the scrub, to which a line of old saplings had been laid as a guide in the dark, but nothing has been dis:overed as to the identity of the miscreant, who had apparently at the last moment repented of his intention, or had been disturbed, as the contrivance and plan were lying along side the railway track. The timber had been obtained from a timber mill rear. CArMPING ON A RooF, -At the North Melbourne Court LcoLard Williams and Oscar Holmes were charged with being neglected children. Constable M'Glynn said that early on Wednesday he found that the prisoners had built a kind of a hut on the roof of a tenanted house lin Peel street. The "hut " was built behind the parapet. Dr. Lloyd, the magistrate, said he could not understand how the tenants of the house did not find out the boys were on the roof. Sergeant Hehir replied that they went there at night, and wore no boots. Dr. Lloyd-Well, I can't understand. Some day people's hats will be turned into "roosts" and they won't know it. The' urchins were severely lectured by the chairman, and discharged on their mothers paying 5s into the poor box. PROFESSIONAL PncsoNEns.-The French are a practical people. For many years it has been the custom fer the more ex plosive Parisian editors to keep a "ghost" round the c rner. Generally the "ghost" is sipping absinthe at the nearest cafe. But he is the titular editor. And when the paper falls foul of the authorities and the editor has to go to gaol, it is the " ghost" round the corner that goes. The scheme is convenient. Justice is satiefied, and the paper comes out as usual. There is an established bureau in the Rue Drouot, with a register and a tariff, for the supply of " doubles" for wealthy citizens who are averse to hard labour. It does a very thriving business,'and does not .limit its resources to catering solely for the requirements of newspaper men. Any gay young spark who falls foul of the police can, by P little judicious "squaring," send round to the bureau for a substitute, who for 1l25dcl a day, payable in advance, will take his place in prison and do the allotted time meted out for venial offences. Fir higher grades of punishment the tarifr is a little more, and usually comprises an extra sum of O10dol. for a new suit of clothes upon release from gaol. ARTIFICIAL WITALEnONE.-Mr Muack has invented a process for the manufacture of artificial whalebone that consiets in first treating a raw hide with sulphide of sodium and then removing the hair. The hide is afterward immersed for 24 or 36 hours in a weak solution of double sulphate of potassa, and is then stretched upon a frame or table in order that it may not contract upon drying. The desicca'ion is allowed to proceed slowly in broad day light, and the hide is then exposed to a temperature of from 50 to 60 degr.ee. The influence of the light, combined with the action of the double sulphate of po'assa absorbed by the skin, renders the gelatine insoluble in water and prevents putrefac tion, the moisture, moreover, being com pletely expelled. Thus prepared the skin is submitted to a strong pressure, which gives it almost the hardness and elasticity of genuine whalebone. Before or after the desiccation any colour desired may be given it by means of adye bath. It can be rendered still further resistant to moisture by coating it with rubber, varnish, lac, or any other substance of the kind. ANOTHER METEORITE.-In a London cable message which we published yester day (says the Age) it was announced that great damage had been done in Madrid by the bursting of a mammoth aerolite over the city on the evening of the 10th inst. It is a curious fact that early the same morning a Clifton Hill constable observed a very startling appearance in the heavens. Constable Kooteveld, while on duty in Queen's parade, abouc 5 a.m. on Monday, met a pedestrian who addressed a question to him, and while the two were Iconversing together the whole northern heavens becama illuminated by a flying body that the constable could only compare Sto concentration of light from an aggregs ]tion of intensely powerful electric lamps. The meteor shed a clear light upon the earth. It took a course from the western hemisphere across the sky due about north east. The phenomenon appeared so re markable to him that he recorded it in his note book, and subsequiently searched the newspapers, fully expecting to see some announcements from the observatories concerning the matter. CzAin's ConoxATioex.-The coronation of the Czar at Moscow next June is, if all one hears of it be true, to outvie in splendour any previous pageant of the kind. The Road this week offers a curious contribution to the descriptions in advance. It gives an elaborate account of the carriages that will be used in the Imperial procession. The state horseo, it is said, are white, and of ouch colour will be those harnessed to the carriage of the Czarina. Of all the car riages which will figure in the coronation procession-modern and ancient, with their beautiful paintings by Boucher, by Grave lot, by Watteau, forming a colleotion not to be seen in any other part ( f the world, none is mole artistic, more beautiful, or so rich in appearance as the two-seated carriage the Czarina will be driven in. The Czar will be on horseback, as also the Grand Dukes. The Royal vehicle, without dount, is the richest thing in the coach. maker's art ever turned out, being of the heaviest gold repousse, the back panel beautifully painted, and on the panel of the door the double-handed Russian eagle o" large size in diamonds. Two gentlemen of the Court, high personages, walk behind, enacting the part of lacqueys of ho-our; and in the small seat just behind the coachman, and facing the Czarina, will be seated two pages, especially chosen from the historical corps des pages de la cour, whole members are selected from the highest ranks of Russian society. MIEssus A. G. Webbter and Son notify to supply Coral Queen guano, Albrolhos guano, tonodust, and all other manures of guaranteed quality at low rates. 