OUR SYDNEY LETTER. (From our own Correspondent ) September 17. The PflEBS on Pbopeotf. The Mining on Private Property Bill which has just been returned by the Coun cil to the Assembly in an amended state illustrates in a curious manner the differ ence in the ideas on property current in the two Houses. Tho Council inserted an amendment providing that before a prospecj tor oould enter upon private land to search for minerals be must pay rent to the owner in advance at the rate of 20s per aore par annum. When it is remembered that the lands chieflv exnlored for mlnincr nurnns -s I are stony ridges of little or no value for pas toral or agricultural purposes, and that there is a strong agitation denouncing 20$ per acre as an exorbitaut price for the fee simple of country lands, the amendment of the Council seems slightly unreasonable. Miners are not as a rule wealthy people, and to ask them to pay at the rate of 100 per cent per annum on an inflated and often cjuite unjustifiable valuation seems stretch ing tbe right of private property a little too far. The Assembly, on the other hand, deleted the amendment altogether. Now, it appears only just that a landowner should have some compensation for disturb ance but that compensation should not be made so prohibitive as to stop tbe extension of the mining industry. The suggestion of the Minister that the rent to be paid should be assessed by the warden seemed to be reasonable enough. The Assembly, however would not (itten to it, and it i« quite po^ai* ble that the bill, which is badly needed, will be lobt altogether No VicroRtAK Need Apply, A storm io a teacup has- been raised over tho rejection of a tender put in by a Vic torian contractor for the erectiou of a bridge at Gundagai. The accepted tender was £12,591 and the Victorian's .tender was £12,518 or £73 less, Mr Reid justifies the action of the Government on the ground that the contractor whose tender was ac cepted was known to the department, and tliey considered they coald rely on getting eood work fro.n him. Mr M'Kenzie, the Victorian contractor, might have done the work equally well, but he was a stranger, and it was thought the man they knew was more eligible than tbe man they did not know, unless, indeed, the difference in the price of the two contracts had been very much greater than it really was. Mr Reid maintains that any private firm would have followed a similar course. The Opposition on the other hand denounce him for stealing their clothes, in other words for resorting to protectionist tactics without due acknow ledgment. Old Age Pension. The promptitude of tbe committee ap poiuted to inquire into the subject of old age pensions is beyond all praise. They have already reported in favor of granting pensions to all persons over 60 years of age who hive been in the colony more than 18 years, and whose income is uot more than £50 a year. The money to provide the pen sions they propose to raise by license fees for the use of the totalisutor, billiard tablet, an entertainment and sports tax of Id per ticket, fines for drunkenness and breach of the licensing laws, and also by a levy of 2 per cent on the taxation received from wines, spirits and tobacco. They estimate that £90,000 per annum would be required. Probably ten times this amount is squan derel every year in selfish indulgences which leave the speiiders worse off rather than better. I am afraid, however, that old age pensions will not become an accom plished fact just yet. The Meat Export Trade. A very important new departure is ~&bont; to be inaugiuated in the meat export trade. The bauks aud financial companies are likely to take a haod in the proposed com bination to prevent underselling, and if they do so its success will be much more hopeful, as tbey would simply . withdraw pecuniary support from an offender. It is to their interest as well as for that of the freezing companies and the individual squatter, that the value of frozen meat should be main tained. If the outlet is closed up, or if tho shipments result in loss, it is likely to fall on their shoulders ultimately as they are so largely interested in pastoral properties. Tbe ** slaughtering' prices which have had to be submitted to until recently have done little to stimulate consumption, for English butchers have a genuine horror of altering their retail prices. They charge the public pretty much the same no matter what tbey give for the meat in the firat instance. A conference is to be held in Sydney next week, and it is hope! that it will result- in tbe establishment of a combination upon a firm basis. The American Presidential Election, At the street corners there is a good deal of talk abont the .contradictory cables re specting the American currency etruggle. At one time we are told that the Free Silver party have not a ghost of a chance, and at anotner tbat tlie gold men are resorting to most desperate measures to defeat tnem, such as threatening to discharge all who support them. Both stones cannot be ttue. A Count Odt. Mr Schey is the invaluable factotum or Johnny-all-Borts of the Opposition. Bo** they showed very little gratitude in permit' ting his Legal Practitioners Amalgamation Bill to be counted out at 7 o'clock on Tues day night. Mr Lyne says that Mr Schey is the best organiser that he knows. This seems to imply either that Mr Lyne's know ledge of organisers is limited, or else that Mr Sebey's talents were taking a rest. Other wise he would surely have managed to organise a quorum for his own bill. Joking apart, it seems strange that members who are paid £300 a year for only three nights' attendance a week should want to shirk one of them. It would be interesting to know how many attended Randwick races in the afternoon, and the Governor's ball in the evening. Franking Lbttebs- The Postmaster-General has expressed himself in favour of allowing members of Parliament to 'frank 'their correspondence through the Post-office without paying postage. Hon. -members sltc *1 ready ??dead beads' on the railways end tramways and it seems rather too much to ask that they shall be '.deadheads at the Post Office as well. l!hls is thought to be alcm to a pro position which was nrged with much geal a short time ago by basiness firms with large correspondence —namely that the postage on lettere all over the colony ahonld be reduced from 2d to Id. The Post-office is already run at a very heavy loss, and ahonld not be asked to do any more unprofitable work. The Leprosy CoHufisiOR. Tbe committee of doctors who were ap pointed to inquire into the condition of a leper at the Little Bay Asylum have fur nished their report.* They «ay that in their opinion the patient is certainly suffering from nerve leprosy* As to the question whether nerve leprosy justifies the imprison ment of a sufferer for. life they, expressed no opinion. This is really the difference of opinion which ths commission was expepted to pronounce upon. Dr. Thompson, Presi dent of the Board of Health, thought the^ . man ought to be confined. Dr. Taylor, the superintendent of the lazaret, thought he ought not. Tbe re&I; -question, whether the a i detention was justlfietiisjM-iar off isolufclanu ; as ever The Mayor and the Christian Kndeavourbrs. When MrS. E. Lees was Mayor of Sydney he achisved some small distinction by the manner in which he received the Gaiety girls. Mr Ives tbe present Mayor, is of a soberer cast of mind. He has been earning his meed of praise by his reception of tbe delegates of the Christian Endeavour Con vention whioh is now holding Its sittings in Sydney, Xn the course of . his remarks he . aaid that at one timei he was an ardent ad vocate of the Public Bchobl system which omitted Bible reading in the schools. Bat he had uow lived long enough to. see that he then made a mistake, and he thought it only right to admit it. That such an avowal can be made not only without any loss of popu larity, but almost without any remark by a man holding such an important elective position is a significant sign of the times Randwick Races. The spring meeting of the Australian Jockey Club has been unusually successful. Notwithstanding the poverty and distress which still exist ainong the unemployed, some people have plenty of money to spend. In fact there seems to be plenty of money for everything except for active enterprise which employs labour. But this by tho way xue winner oi tne uemy broke the record. That is to say he took 30 seconds longer to cover the course than any previous winner before him. No one can say tbat Charge did ilot earn his blue ribbon. All that is necessary now is to give tbe prize to the last horse instead of the first. Then we may get races run in even slower tune. Mr Sam Hordern's ' ? win ' with ?* The Skipper' in the Metropolitan was very unpopular. On account of his previous unsatisfactory per formances he started at 25 to 1, an^ sus picious of in-and-out running were freely vented. The public dropped their money on Right Honorable aud Response, neither of which could get within two lengths of the winner at the finish. Poor public. It goes out to plunder every time. Bub mostly it comes back plundered. There be those, says a quaint old proverb, who go out to shear sheep and who come home shorn. The Rev. James Clark. The Rev. James Clark, who got a verdict of £100 againBt the sheriff last week, is not to be allowed to enjoy it in peace. It ap pears that he has not yet paid the costs ad judged against him In the action brought by his wife tor divorce; and steps are being taken co attach the amount dae under the verdict until these costs are paid. Isn't there an old saw which says something about a long spoou being required to eup with the devil. It is problematical if Mr Clark's spoou will be loug enough after all, to scoop in that £100. Bicycling v. Rowing. Bicycles are coming in for denunciation all round. Not only do they prevent by their superior attractiveness purveyers of luxuries from disposing of their wares but tbey are seducing New South Wales rowers from their allegiance. The skiffs are deserted, and it is impossible, so tbey say, to muster a representative eight-oar team ! 