Hon. J. N, Brunker. THE HON. J. N. BRUNKER, Colonial Secretary, in reply to Mr. C. Funston's invitation to entertain him should he visit Bowral in connection with the opening of the new Court-house, writes aa follows ; " Sydney, 20th May, 1896.-Mr. C. Funston, Belmore Park, Bowral.-Dear Sir,-It is a source of regret to me that I cannot meet the wish of your committee to visit Bowral on Friday. My engage menta are so important that I find it impossible to lose an hour without suffering serious inconven ience. I thank you very much indeed for your kind hospitality, and trust on some future occasion to be in a position to visit your district. Yours faith fully, .JAMES N. BRUNKER. Our readers will, we are sure, readily forgive the hon. gentleman for not visiting us just now when we state that his official duties are very exacting, occupying his time from 11 in the morning till 9 and sometimes 10 at night; and then, in addilion, he has his own private affairs at Maitland in con nection with his extensive auctioneering business. At the same time, the people of Bowral would have been very glad to sec the hon. gentleman, as we un derstand that he has never visited the district be fore. If j'ou cannot obtain "Myfa Tea" in your district, write to D. Jlifclrfell and Co., Clarence-Btreet, Sydney, who will arrange for a supply at once ' through the local storekeeper.-a. J moneys " that wonld result in constructing the road to ti e caves from this district, and after railing about" sidings nnd outtings " on t\io proposed road (whoovor heard of a rond witnout thorn) he winds up with a wail about the oxpense of a bridgo to cross the Wollondilly. What a mare's vest} Who hut ho ever said a bridgo would bo wantod ? Tho river (excopt of coarse during floods) being fordablo re quires no bridgo, and as tourists and excursionists don't generally go " outing" in flood time, tbey very naturally won't require a bridgo to cross tho river. This writer further alleges-without a grain of truth-that a feiv wealthy peoplo about Bowral are tho only persons wanting this road; but what about " Retrenchment" himself,-instead of across the Wollondilly in he not really thinking of tho pro verbial political bridgo and which, of course, ho naturally wants ''agin his own doorand as an advocate only, is he, or is ho not, subsidised by two or three iccalthy publieians at Taralga and Goutburn to oppose our road 7 And is ho not simply tho mouthpieco ol a few individuals at his " end of the ] stick," who want tho money spent in their own instead of this district, and who also fears perhaps a little prospective loss of trade should tho road be constructed here? In other words-whilst advocat ing " .Retrenchment " and posing as a patriot (of the real Brummagem typo) is ho (tho writer in ques tion) not simply acting just like a little " dog-in- the' manger" business at tho expense of tho peoplo hero ? I leave your readers to judge 1 In a pre vious communication to you, I have given sovoral unanswerable reasons why tho proposed road from this district to Caves should bo constructed, and it is unnecessary to repeat them. Hut tho ideal road 2>ar excellence fathered by " Retrenchment."-from some imaginary point on a mystical railway lino to Taralgn", thence to tho cavos-is really too dreamy and too thoroughly incomprehensible for ordinary mortals to grasp, and roads liko " a real ghost story from the Beview of Heviows." 