A Series op AfccrDESTtj.-35eVe.rch otja adventures of more or IreyKriotia fltiltlre oocurrcd on Saturday andfounriay. . £lla' Beckwortb, a child of three years of age, residing in Ohark-s-stttet, wab run ov*r by a dogcart, one of the-' wheels parsing right over her abdomen, and she also susiainod injury to her brad, fiho waB taken to ihe hospital, but yesterday had recovered suffi fclehUy tb be Emoted to her own home,— Ellen 'Martin, atfed ?6, rcslfiihg' id Karbct street, was .admitted to t&c; nospirai on Saturday, suffering from the: eft, els of tvfall in the, street. Her elbow-Joint wa& jrac-l tared, nnd ohc hail a lArgc -frtiuud in the arm/ Qcr great age is much against her recovery, and last night she was in n SJ-iUc^stace,— Geo.flrickbiiliOf tb& Daffy Telegteyh report ingh'affjwas the victim of a nnst.v fail from his bicycle at the carnival on Saturday, one of the following machines passing over h!s neck. Be was a good deal bniised, and had a bad cut over the eye, and had to be con veyed home. A more serious accident In its rrsults was that which befell the well known 1 1 very stable keeper at the Sydney Hotel, William Vinoeht. He bad returned from meeting the morning train from Hobart to tAke chargc of three racehorses, and the }i?!K fcad bfCU dlivlng bad been taken out of the Vehicle and unharnessed, and |wns walkipg oft to ita .accustomed stall, .when Mr Vinoept ftave it a smart pat oh the heck bs ll ps&sed; him. The horse launched out and kicked him, fracturing the RhoyHer*blade and two ribs. He Ib now in (be hospital, and in a critical stato. Mr Vincent is 68 years of age. It. was alAo reported yester day that two, lads named itcntiipd been out rabbit shootinft, when one of the brothers abciricntailv fcbot the other in the thi£b, but only io Aiding slight d&mage.Jand; to complete the chapter of accidents the man Wood worth, who was recently stabbed, fell and broke his leg, placing him once more hove de combat. The Haymakers.—' The second perform ance of this cantata takes place to-morrow evening In the Mechanics' Institute, nnder the management of St. Andrew's Church committee. The cantata has been thoroughly rehearsed, the soloists including Miss Beatrice Ferguson, Miss J. WilkinBon (Mary), Miss Cissie Gee (Anna), MisB Minnie Anderson (Dairy Maid) ; Messrs, A. J. Scott(Farmer), E, H. Sutton (William), T, W. Unlc (John). The orchestra, besides accompanying the performers throughout, will play the over ture to ' Mnnanh'llo' (Ailber), and gavotte ' Genista' (Rattraun): Mr and Mrs A. H. Bowden will respectively conduit and play the accompaniments. No efforts have been ?pared to ensure tbc success of this perform ance, and n fnll bouse isanticip&ted.; Tickets may be obtained of the membezsand Mi esrs. A. W. Birchall and Boob'. Tbc final re- hearsal will take place this evening. Tauak-stbeet Chuboh. — The Rev. J G, Wright in a special sermon in the morning paid a small tribute to the memory of the late Mrs Thompson, who died on Tuesday. The preacher took for his text 1. These., iv., IS and 14, In tbc opening remarks some earnest and comforting words were uttered as to the proofs and cffccts of Christ's resur rection and OBprcial attention drawn to the beautiful metaphor which the apostle used when speaking of the state of our departed dead as being asleep. The Christian had cause to be thankful that death waved his hand overall the rartli, aud claimed every living creature. Brn-f reference was made to the late Mrs Thompson, who for many ycar6 had been a member of Tamar-street Church. 6br bad been a «i&u;, loving, nod pair staking pari-.nt, and though in her 66th year her mental powers w. ro biiiltby and vigorous to the last. Religion do her was an inrn-r life, not a mere name. It was righteous ncBB, p;-ace, and joy in the Holy Ghost which imparted great spiiitusl beauty and grac, I making her comjmny a Bource ol plrasure I hnd profit. She was an ( arurst reader of | thr Bible, jind a Btrong btjievf-r in prayer. Whilst mourning with the bereaved, with ib«ni thev nip,-' T^jnipot that the aged I Christian bad entered into reBt, I Lantebn Lectoke. — rrofeBBor Fanning, I from Melbourne, who is at pnsent touring ; the country districts of Tasmania, dcJivercd an interesting and instrnctive lictnre on TburBrlny night at Turner's Marsh. The State school- room was lent for tbc purpose, and, although extremely short notice was given, there was a large audiencc. The litle of the lecture wqb 'A Glimpsa of Erin.' About 200 views by the aid of a powcifal lantern were thrown on theecreen. Interesting explanations of each picture as it appeared were given. The lecturer was eloquent, quaint in humor, and interspersed his information with flashes of wit, At the termination of the lecture on ' Irelaud' a number of views of Victorian scenery were exhibited, among them being the district of Glenrowan. In connection therewithascries of pictures illustrative of the career of the notorious Kelly gang was shows, Meuobial Chubch.— At this chnrch vest- r.iay the Rev. J. T. Piereev, who has for some time been carrying on an cvan gt-li6\ic mit-sion at Hobart, commcnceil his ministry, having, it is understood, under taken to occupy the pulpit for a year. The congregations wore large, both at the morn ing and evening services. The subject of . the morning's discourse was ' Hindrances to j prayer and work, and how to overcome them,' a theme which proved the mcanB of convejing eloquent words of exhortation and encouragement. In the evening Mr Piereev delivered an impressive address upon the miraculous draught of fishes, as recorded in St. Luke, v., urging his hearers to allow themselves to be -enclosed in the Gospel nit. A deep interest was evinced by the congregation throughout the address, sit the cIobc uf which an after meeting was held, when three present acceptcd salvation A New Invention — An exhibition which should attract many -visitors will open to-iiav at premises next door to Stonir's tobacconist shop. It if- of one of Edison's latesi inventions, thu kinetophoue, which in a marvellous manner reproduces bo;h motion and sound. The kinetophone will be on view for one week only. Waxwobkb —Mr Rowley announces that after i iiis week bis waxen family will chip to pastures P'*w. On Saturday,' which waB a ppecial children's day, the rooms were packed with a delighted crowd. Teen- are many other attractions b.sidc theeffigi.s, such hs coBmoramic views, conjuring f-ats, Punch aud Judy, »tc, the show being an unusually good one of its kind. Race Nigut Attractions. — At the Cit.i P.irk on the evenings of tbc race da-s, , Wcdms.iay and Thursday, a carnival will'be ; h- Id, consisting of open-air concerts, St. ! Joseph's and City Bands, |/aFlight displays, aud a great distribution of gifts, consisting of a number of useful articles, and in addi- j lion priz-; tickets in Tattcrsall's consultation j on the Hobart Cup, TaltcnaH's V.D.L. I lottery, and in tho Victorian Druids' gain. | Given the fine weather which is at present i privatlitig, the attendance should bo large. I Pbotection of Skals. — When the Premier was recently in Launceston Mr Maclaine, of Clarke's island, and Mr W. J. M'Williatns, M.H.A., interviewed him in connection with the slaughter of female seals in the Straits. Mr M'Willi&mB; has re ci'ived a telegram from the Pr«-uiier an nouncing that he had communicated with Mr Bernard Shaw, Commissioner of Police, on the subject, and that prompt, steps would be taken to prevent illegal sealing. Sunday Concerts.— The Garrison Band played a selection of music in the new stand at the Cataract Cliff Grounds yesterday after noon, when there was a large attendance. In the evening the City Band and several instrumentalists and soloists gave an enter tainment in the Albert Hall. There was a large and appreciative audience. The City Band played two selections, and the vocalists who took part were Mrs Mitchell. Miss Alice Grant, Messrs. 6. Lidster and S. Luttrell (a first appearance, well received). Mr A. H. Bowden played several violin obligati, and Mrs Bowden the accompanients. Cataract Cliff Gbound — A variety of amusements in addition to the music of the City and St. Joseph's Bands may be enjoyed at the Cataract Cliff Grounds on Wednesday and Thursday, both during the day and at night. This is the second popular garden fete, and, as the ladies' committee are endeavoring to make this even more successful than the first, bad weather alone could hinder a most enjoy able holiday. Academy of Music. — The Launceston Comedy Club, a compact body of amateurs, of whom many good things have been said, will occufiy the boards at the Academy tm race nigbtB (Wednes lav and Thursday}, in Bvron'a thrcc-act farcical comedy, 'Kir Simon.' The first evening's performance is complimentary to Mr Dave Bishop, the eonia' etago manager of the club, who has done much for the improvement of amateur performances in Launceston, , pENTiSTliYi— Mr Alfred J. Ball, dentist,' leave* town to-day to commence practice At Mathlonn tomorrow f Ffngal, Wednesday, 6th j St. liary's, T&uWday;, jSth ; Gonld!a Country, Saturday. Sth j St. Helen 0, Mon day and Tuesday, 10th and 11th Inst. Mr Hall wiU resume town praotice on or about 14th Inst. Rives Excdbsions,— The steamers Cen tennial and Agnps made excursions to Rose veara yesterday afternoon, Ae tlw. weather Was pro|itious, the patronAge cxtendcu e^fch of the boats was satisfactory, and the ezoarslohlsto fippciitcd to enjoy their trip. Police Codbt, — At this court dn Satur day the polico magistrate remanded a mitn and a w?m*n for a week on chargcs of Insanity. Original Reseaboh, — Wo are requested to state that with a view to inducing investi gations in original research the Royal Society of New Sonth Wales has decided to offer a medal and a prize of £25 for the , beBt paper on cach of the following subjects: ' ^The .Origin of Multiple Hydatids In ( Man, The Occurrence of Prccious Stones in New South Wales, with a Description of the Dcpoeite io Which They Arc Found, and The Effect of the Australian Climate on 1 the Physical Development of the Australian Born Population, Communications on this series,, arc to be sent in not later than 1st May *-f the . present year. Similar Erizcs will be oScrcd fo? papers on the mbryology and Development of .the K'Ctii*,Tia or Platypus, The Chemical Oom» position Ot t!-° ProduotH from tho Bo Called Kerosene Shftie . South Wales, and on the Mode Ot Occurrence, Chemical Composition and Origin of ArteeuZ-n SVatet in Wfew SoHb Walts, Contributions on this series need not be dent in till £he 1st May, 1897. The third series, for whldh the - society offers its medal and a prize of 10 guineas, is on tbc Iron Ore Deposits of New South Wab s, contributors being allowed until the 1st May, .1898, during which to make their investigations. The competition is open to all, wiihout restriction, but no award will be made for a paper which is a mere compilation. The successful papers will he published in the society's annual volume. All communications are to be ad dressed to the hon. secretaries, Messrs, J. H. Maiden and J. W. Grimsbaw, 6 Elizabeth street, Sydney. Trade and Criminals in Johannes bubo. — According to the estimate of the DeUfctive Department there are in Johan nesburg at the present moment (says t,he Star) a tboufand habitual criminals* and further tjie same authority calculates that fifteen per cent, of the new arrivals by each boat come to ewcII the already repk-ted ranks of the army of crime. The building trade is still good, and the demand for all kinds of timber is still as great as ever. Some lengths of deals arc very scarce at the elorrs, but ni&lrly; all lengths required are in the station yard awaiting delivery. Iron is also in strong demand, and merchants find some difficulty in completing orders. In the mining trade there has been a fair trade done, but the holi'a^s have affected tbie department somewhat, as great difficulty baB been cxpctierccd in getting transport for goods out to the 61 V'-rni mints. Commandant Schuttc and Police Commissioner Van Niekerk interviewed the Government at Pretoria on Friday ujron the subject of in creasing tbc police fotcc at Johannesburg, and it was decided that 70 additional mounted policemen should be taken on. This will make the police 100 strong, The Government also ordered the in creasing of the Pretoria police force by 20 fool and 10 mounted constables. While a r« jwrter wns having a friendly con versation with Mr L. N.:wman, a pafs^nger by the ss. Tongariro on Saturday morning, he was it.forim-d timt the n cent drought in Johannesburg bad b- en ^ery severe, and that water was 0. very pcarce commodity. He had bad to pa;' 2s for a bottle of soda water to sliAve wii h. while it took six bottles for him to have a ?' 1 ick and a promise with.' Rvftrence was «i»dc as to the advisability of any one going thor' in search of employ ment, and he said he would not advise any body going there in its present unsettled stale. There was plenty if money going about, but living *as very expensive. Irving W. Labi more, physical director of Y.MXJ.A., Dee il«.int-s, Iowa, says he can cjoBcientiouBlv nc.mraend Chamberlain's Pain Balm to athletes, gvmnasts, bicyclists, football players an.: the profession iu gene ral fur bruises, grains, and dislocations; alto for soreness one siiffucHBOf the muscles. When applied b, fore the parts become swollen ir will - flee: a cure in one half tbc time usually requited. For sale by all dealers — Hatton and Law&, General Agents. Mrs Erskine Paiker resumes musical tuition to-morrow. To-nigbt the Bev. C. Bice delivers a lantrrn lecture on missions at St. John's school A shipment of lawn tennis materials has jasc been received by Messrs. A. W.Birchall and Sons. Mrs A. E. Burrows1 art cUsbcs recom mence to-morrow at 34 Welman-street. A. M. Bailey, a well-know citizen of Eu gene, Oregon, sa-s his wife basfor years been troubled with chronic diarrhoea and used m»ny remedies with little relief until she tried Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera, and Diarrhoea Remedy, which has cured her sound aud well. Give it a trial and you will be surprised at the promnt reb^f it affords. For sale by all dealers. — Hatton and Laws, General Agents. 