FALSE EVIDENUE Br E. PnILLrrs OPPEm?HIM. Author of "A Monk of Cruta," " A Daughter of the Moaroni," etc. Published by special arrangement oiih Messrs Ward. Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED]. CHAPTER XX(II. IN THE PICrURE GALLERY. It isle strange that, although so many years have paseed, that scene remains as though written with letters of fire into my memory -vivid and clear. Word for word, i can remember every sentence that was spoken : and the different expressions on the face of each I could, if I were a painter, faithfully reproduce. Sir Francis gazed at me speech less in a sort of helpless apathy, Maud and Lady Olive looked horrified and thunder struck, and my Uncle Rupert, with face as paleas death, was shaking from head to foot, with eyes riveted upon me in a sort of fas cinated bewildermenr, as though I were one risean from the dead. Sir Francis seemed to be the first to recover himself. "Arbuthnot I Asbuthnot I"he exclaimed; "what does this mean 7' I pointed to my uncle, and he seemed to shrink back from my outstretched hand. "Cannot you see 2" he faltered, in a hollow tone. "Look at him and the plc ture." I had moved a stepforward unconsclously, and was standing in the centre of the broad stretch of moonlight which was streaming in from the high window. Sir Franois looked at me, and then gave a great start. "My God I Arbuthnot, boy! Who are youn Speak l" "Hugh Arbuthnot, son of Herbert Ar buthnot, who onco called himself Devereux " I answered, proudly, looking Sir Francis steadily in the face; '! and who would be a Devereux still," I added, "but for that man'e villainous lie." Rupert Devereux turned his head away. as though unable to meet the fire which blazed from my eyes. and dhad snnk, half fainting, upon an ottoman, and Lady Olive was by her eide Sir Francis stood gazing fixedly at me, as though in a dream. "It can't be I" he muttered, hosrsely. " He could never have had each a son as you. He was a coward I" "It's a lie I" I thundered-so vehemently that Sir Francis staggered back aghast. "Rupert Deverenx I" I cried, taking a quick stride to his side, 'can you, dare you look main the face and tell me that my father was a coward I You, who bribed John Hilton, your servant, into a ehameful con spiracy that you might step into his place I You, yon-speak, man, and tell me I Was Herbert Deverenx a coward 7" He was white to the ripe with a fear not merely physical. His senses seemed stupe. fled; and though I waited amidst a death lhke silence for a full minute, he made me nc, answer. I turned my back upon him contemptuously. " Sir Francis I" I cred. " He o2uld lle to strangers and to you, but to me he dare not. Before heaven, I swear that my father is an innocent man, shamefully sinned against by him"-I pointed to my uncle. "Oat of a mean jealousy, and for the sake of being your heir, he did it-he perjured himself. He to call himself a Dvcreux, and my father robbed of his name and honour by snch treacherous villainy I Don't you wonder that I don't kill yonu' I cried, turning round, a very tempest of passion surging up within ine. "God knows why I don't do it I Sir Francis, I appeal to you. John Htlton has confessed to me that his story was a lHe. My father Is as brave a soldier and a gentleman as ever Devereux was. Tell me that you believe t. Let nus make that man confess, aye, even though we have to tear his guilty secret from his heart 1" Sir Francis had recovered himself en tirely, and was again the aristocratic un movable soldier. "Hugh, my boy, I believe you," he said, kindly. "Be my grandson, and I shall thank God for it, and be proud of you. Bat you are mistaken about your father. A court-martial never errs." The hope which had sprang up in my heart died away, and in its place had leaped up a bitter hatred-hatred of Rupert De vereux, hatred of my grandfather, hatred of Maud, of every one who refu.ed to believe in my father's Innocence. I drew back from Sir Francis's outstretched hand, and looked at him proudly. "Neeer. Sir Francis, Iwill not call my. self your grandson, or take the name of Devereux, until my father bears it too. I would sooner live and die Hugh Arbuth. not." Then, without another look at one of them, without even a glanc s nto Maud's white face, I turned, and walked slowly out of the gallery and out of the house. CHAPTER XXIV. A MIDNIGHT VISITOR, Like a man in a .dream, I walked with unsteady footsteps down the avenue, through the shrubbery, and across the park to the oottage. I had forgotten my latoe key, and the servant who had answered my ring welcomed me with a little cry of relief. "John was jast a coming up to the house for you, sir," she exclaimed, shutting the door again. "There's a strange woman wants to see you most particular. She's been here more than an hour, a fretting ever so because you wasn't :,ere." '' Where is she "' 1 asked. "In your study, sir. I see'd as there was nothink abhont as she could lay 'er 'ands on before I let her in." Ihad no donbt but that It wsa the wife of one of the tenants on the estate, though why she should choose such a strange time for her visit I could not imagine. But when I walked into the study I saw at once that she was a stranger to me. And yet, no. I had seen her face before somewhere. She rose nervously when I ehtered, and pulled her shawl closer around her. "You'll excuseo the liberty I ve taken in coming, sir," abshe began, hurrledly. "I 'a come to do yer a service. Yoe doent seem to reoollect me. I'm John Hilton'e wife; hlmaa yo comned to see t'other week." I reognised her at once, and became more interested. "You see, sir, it's like thie." she went on. '" My Jack, he's had one o' his drinking fits on, and he's always mortal miechievous after one o' them. He seems to a got a powerful sort o' a grudge agin' you, and there'e that piece o' paper as you wrote out, and he put 'is name to. He says as ow ha might get lagged for that if you shewed it'" "Well, has he sent you and get it away again ? asked. "Not he 1 If he know'd come 'ere at all he'd half kill me." "Well, what is it, then 2" I asked. "Well, it's just like this," she answered, alowly; " he's a coming himeelf to try and get it back aglen." "IndeedI And when may I expect him I' 1 enquired, becoming suddenly nlater sated. " To-night." I leaned hack in my chair, and laughed dryly. The woman must be mad. "'Tain't no laughing matter, master," she said, sullenly. "You'd a laughed t'other side o' your month, I can tell 'e, if I hedn' a chosen ter come and tell 'e. He ailn't a' coming to 'aas yon for it. He's a coming to take it, and to pay yer back smething as yer gave 'im at our cottage him and a mate." Ibegan to see what it all meant now, and to understand why the woman had cdnme. "And you've come here to put me on my guard, Ls that It 2" I remarked. " Yes. Yer gave me money when I was starving, and I felt sort 'er grateful. And when I'eard them two blackguards a plan ning how they'd settle you I thought as they just shoulda't. If you puts a bulletin that 'long Jea,' which Is my man's pal, I shall thank yer for it. Jack's bad enough, I specially when he's just getting round from a a spell o' drinking, which he is now; but a he's a sight worse. Cnas him. He's always g a leading my Jack into something." a "What time are they coming ?" I asked, thoughtfully. " I'rerd 'em say as they'd meet at Cop't Oak, which is a mile from here, as soon as it were dark, and hide until you was all a-gone r to bed. I'm mortal afeard of their seeing me, although I shall go 'ome t'other way." I pressed her to stay at the cottage for c the night, but she stubbornlyrefused. Her Jack would kill her if he fonnd out that she had been here, she declared. Bat be fore she went I made her drink a glass of fi wie, and fill her pockets with the bread and food which I had ordered in. g This promised to be an exciting night for me altogether, I thought, as I drew out my revolver from the cupboard and carefully loaded it. I was not inclined altogether to believe or altogether to disbelieve this woman's story, but at any rate there w d no harm in befig prepared. If I had gone to bed, there would have been little sleep p for me with my head still throbbing with the vivid recollection of that terrible scene In the picture gallery. I dared not think of it, I dared not let my thoughts dwell for an Instant on the inevitable consequences of what had happened. The excitement of what might shortly take placeo kept me from t the full sickening realisation of the change which that evening's events must make in my life, but underneath it all there was a dull aching pain in my heart, for had I not lost Maud ? Presently Marian and Mr Holdern ar rived. I had forgotten their very existence, Id and directly the latter had taken his leave, II Marian was full of eager, agitated ques- li tions. Why had I left so suddenly? Had w I quarrelled with Sir Francis Deverenux t What did it all mean? Mand had gone to V her room with white face and lohking like a ai ghost, and Lrdy Olive had not again en- h tered the dancing-room. Sir Francals had d apologised to his guests with the agitation gI of one who had received a great shook, and 01 Rupert Devereux none of them had seen p again; and I was mixed up in It. What did ea it all mean ? " Not now, Marian; I will tell you to ih morrow; wait until then," I begged. Bat a she would not wait. tl Then, with a great effort, I braced my. ti self up, and told her everything. She lis- it tened with ever-growing astonishment, and I when I had finished she slipped down from h my knee and sank upon the hearthrug. a "Poor papa I" she sobbed. ' No wonder h you hate that Rupert I Beast I Oh, Hugh, i? Hugh, why could you not tell me before ? i I ought to have known," she added, re- p proaohfully. "It could have done no good," I an- lo swered. h A wave of sudden anxiety passed across i her face. i "Oh, Hugh I" she sobbed. " Char- , I Mr Hold--" a " Mr Holdern knows all about it," I in. p terrupted. "I thought it right to tell him i when he asked me for you." a A great rellof brightened her f ee, and she smiled through her tears, Even a o: woman is selfish when he las in love. I "I am glad he knows," she whispered a looking into the fire. "How atrange it all it seems I Why, our name is Devereux; yon h will be Sir Hugh Doevreux. Why, Hugh, tl Deveroux Court will be youra some day I" a " Never !" I answered, firmly; ''until Sir a Francis asks my father's pardon, and re. a ceives him as a son, I ehall never take the a name of Devereux or enter the Court. 1 d have sworn it, Marian." "And it was noble of you to swear It, ti Hugh." she whispered, coming over and a kissing me. "They any truth always comes h out some time or other, Perhaps this will n come right some day." d " For our father's sake, pray that it may do, Marian dear," I answered, gravely. n " And now run along to bed, I have some ci writing to do." fi She lingered by my aide. " Hugh, what are you going to do now? - You will leave here. I suppose 2" a] "I must, Marlin. Unless Sir Franois desires otherwise, I shall remain here until i he has found some one else to take my ti place, but it will be as Hugh Arbuth- a not, his agent, only, and into Deverenux ' Court I will not go again. It will be well of for [Rupert Dovereux too, that he keeps out n of my way," I added to myself, " When a does Mr Holdern want to marry you, rI Marian I" I asked her suddenly, changing sl the subject. ri She blushed up to her eyes, and looked at tI me half pleased, half reproachfully. tl " Hugh I How could you ask me like P that ! I-I don t quite know," 2 "Because you'll have to go away with me. 0 you know," I continued. "I can't leave p you behind." She looked serious enough now. 1 "Of course you can't, Hugh. I don't lt think I ought to leave you at all. You'll be P alone if .I do, with no one to look after s yon." g I pretended to look serious, as though h considering the matter, but her piteous ex pression and quivering lips were irresistible, a and I broke into a reassuring laugh. p "Not I, Marian I It is the best thing b that could possibly have happened, When I I have no longer you to look after I shall go abroad, wherever our fther is, and share his lot. Country life Is beginning to get S wearisome to me. I was meant to be a sol- h dier, I think. Now, Marlan, you must b really go to bed. I want to be a!one." v It was past twelve, and I was beginning to get anxious. But she still lingered for a l moment. o " Hugh, I had almost forgotten, I have 0 something for you, and a message." I bent over my desk, lest she should see n the light which sprung into my face. I did b not wish even Marian to know my secret. "What is it ?' I asked. ' Bs quick." " Why, she came to me like ly've never a seen her bEfore, as lifeless and aorrowful as anything, and sald--'Tell your brother that I think he is behaving nobly, and that 1 I hope we shall always be friends.'" "She said that I' I exolaimed, starting 0 round, " Mand said that I' My seiater looked at me amazed. "Miand II didn't say anything about Mend I She didn't even speak to me. Itt was Lady Olive, and she sent you this." I I stretched out my hand for the gold- a topped cet-glaass little smelling salts, which Marian was holding out for me and laid it down before me. Disappointed though I was, it was a kindly act of Lady Olive's, and I was just in that mood when a man ap preolates such a one. For a moment or two i I felt very tenderly towards Lany Olive; for, reckless little flirt though she was, she was generous and warmhearted, or she would never have done this. "It is very kind of her," I said, huskily. " Good-nlght, Marian I" "Good-night, Hughie. Don't sit uplate, dear, and don't fret. It makes me feel so selfish, Hugh, to think that I can't help a being happy because-because of Charlie, but I can't help it. I doelove him so, and he is so good to me."' Then at last she went, and I was left £ alone. First of all I pu a heavy shade upon - the lamp and placed it so that no one could 1 possibly see it from outside, Then I finliahed loading my revolver, and put a lIfe preserver in my breast pocket. Going out I on tip.too into the hall, I opened the passage door, and also left my own wide open, so that if anyone should attempt to enter the house from any rcem I must hear them. This seemed to me to be all that I could do, and drawing my easy chair into the corner of the room whoich faced both door and windows, I sat down and waited patiently with my revolver on my kneo. At first the time did not seem long. 1 had come to a crisis in my life, and there I was much to think about. In the twentles. however dark and doubtful the future may be, there is always a certain fascination con, neoted with it-posiblitihs, however remote, which the sanguine spirit of youth loves to peer into and investigate. And so I sat and thought, and considered, and longed, without ever getting sleepy, or feel ing he spell of wearliness. Two o'look struck, and of a sudden a curious change came over me. I became so vlc'rn'l- restless that I could sit no longer e in my chair, Sober-minded people may I scoff at noch a statement, but I deolare that | some Irresistible impulse compelled me to a go to the nearest window and look cautiously I out. The window was not one of the front ones, I but was one which lookedolideways over a I strip of garden, a thick privet hedge, into a a dark black fir plantation, through whiob ran a private pathway into the gardens of a tho oourt. At first I could see nothing; f then suddenly the blood died out of my cheeks, even from my lips, and I stood a transfixed, rooted to the spot-my lips v numbed and helpless as though under the v spell of some hideous nightmare. I What my eyes looked upon my reason re- a fused to oredit, Turning from the hand gate of the plantation, without a hat, and I with a wealth of golden hair streaming down open a swansdown cloak was-M-Iand I n It was impossible-it was ridiculous-it was beyond all credence. And yet my straining, riveted eyes watched her walk o slowly, with her usual stately, even tread, a down the grass.grown path between the v plantation and the hedge of the cottage garden, and disappear from sight. v Though an earthquake had yawned at my a feet I could not have moved. No'hing but sound can break up such a spell as this R sudden shook had laid upon me. And the b sound came, for suddenly there broke upon the stillness of the night such a cry as II had never heard before-the thrilling, y agonised shriek of a woman in mortal fear. CHAPTER XXV. 71 ' CousINS I d Like the shook from a galvanic battery I did that sound breathe life into my frozen limbs. Holding a chair before my face I literally burst through the high French a window, crashing the glass and splintering n the framework into a thousand p!eocs. With the cry of a wild beast I dashed a acrss the lawn and leaped over the privet I hedge. Maud, my island, was scarcely a t dozmn yards from me, struggling In the grasp of the man who had come to rob me of his confession, with his great hand t pressed against her wild, beautiful face to st-op her ries. o They heard me coming, and he half re- c leased her, and with his other hand pointed a revolver at me. Bnt passion must have lent me wings, for before he could pull the trigger I had dashed It into the air, where h it exploded harmlessly, and with my clenched fist I struck him such a blow as I had never struck before or since. He was a powerful man, with a thick, bullet-shaped r head, but he went down like a dog, and well-nigh never rose again. His companion, L without a word turned, and ran across the park like a hare, and I let him go. Maud was in my arms, sobbing hysteri- . cally, Maud with the moon shining down on f her blanched but exqu'lite face, and her white arms thrown round my neck. If she were the daughter of the prince of hell she was still the woman I loved; and I stooped and covered her cold file and lips with a passionate kisses. Then r caught her up in my arms, for she was shivering, and ran with her to the house. Every one had been roused by the sound of my exit, and the report of the revolver. h Marian, with her dressing-gown loosely wrapped around her, was standing trembl log at the head of the stairs, and behind d her were the servants more frightened even f than she. When she saw me cross the hall g with Mand's lifeless form (for her faint c seemed almost the faint of death) in my arms, she gave vent to one cry of blank amazement and horror, and then hurried down to us. "Hugh, Hugh," she whispered, clinging to me as I laid my burden down on the sofa. and fell on my knees by its side. " Mand here ! Mand out in the park at this time of night What has happened, Hughl What | does it all mean !" " Can't yeo see ?" I muttered hoarsely, r never withdrawing my eyes from the white, f, cold face. "She oas had a fright, and has d fainted I" a "But what on earth has brought her hero -out at this time of night ? And in her slippers, too I'" I was on the point of saying that I knew t no more than she, but suddenly the t troth flashed into my mind. Maud had c walked'out in her sleop I . had heard her say that for a long time she had been obliged to have her maid in her room at night, and sleep with looked door ; and that 3 when Sir Francis lay dangerously ill not many years ago, nearly every night when d she had gone to bed thinking of him, she had risen in her sleep and tried to make her way I to his room. Then she must have been t thinking of me I A sudden thrill of joy passed through me at the thought, and , Marlan looked at me In stupefied bewilder. , mont to see the smile which for a moment parted my lips. "'Ihe must have come oent In her sleep, Harlan," I whispered. "There were some men hanging about outride-poachers I sop t pose-and they have frightened her. Get , some brandy, quick I and tell one of the girls to light a fire. We must have some hot water." She hurried away, and the door had t scarcely closed when Maud changed her position slightly, and her lips moved. I bent my ear close over her, and this is what I heard- '? Hugh I Hugh !" My heart throbbed with a great joy. t Suddenly I stooped down and kissed her r half open lips passionately. Then I drew back and stood upright, for I saw that she was fast recovering consclousness. First her breathing became deeper and less fitful. Then, with a little sigh, she opened her eyes and raised herself a little on her elbow. She looked around in blank bewilder- 1 ment. Then her eyes fell upon me, and the hot colour rushed into her cheeks, "Mr Arbuthnot I Why, where am I? How did I came here! and those men," she added, with a shudder, "those fearful men; was it all a dream i" She raised her hand to her forehead and looked at me appealingly; I hardened my voice as much as possible, and avoided meeting her eyes. "I think I can explain to you what has happened,"I said. "You must have got up In your sleep, and walked down through the copse. There were some men outside ; I believe they were going to break in here, and one of them must have caught hold of youn, for when I heard you scream and ran out, you were struggling in his grasp. I knocked him down, and the other ran away. Teen I carriled yon here, andhere you are. Marlan has just gone out to fetch some brandy." SWomanlike, her first thought was of her appearance, and she sat up and looked at herself eagerly. Evidently she had fallen asleep before preparfng to retire, for the only change in her dress since the evening was that she had exchanged her dinner. gown for a long white dressinlg-robe, and let down her hair. Nevertheless, she blushed as she eat up. and looked at me pushing back the waves of hair from her face. "I remember falling asleep in the easy chair," she said, slowly, "and after that everything seemed like a horrid dream. Those men's fearful faces, and yo--ob, how fierce you looked I But it all seems very indistinot." Then Marlian came In, and she turned to her smiling. "lhiiss Arbuthnot, I'm afraid yon'll think this a very unceremonions morning calL You didn't know I was a sleep.walker, did you ?" Harian put down the decanter she was carrying with a little cry of relief. "Oh, dear, I'm so glad to see you all right again. WiVhat an awfunl adventure you've had I'" hand smiled placidly. She was her old self again, stately and composed. "It might have been a good deal worse but for your brother," she asknowledged; "I wonder if they've found ont at the Court. They'll be getting a little anxious if they have." "Unless I'm very much mistaken they've I found out," I answeced. "Listen." I went out and threw open the hall door Clearly enough we could hear the alarm a bell at the Court olanging out with shrill, aqniok strokee, and the whole of the park seemed dotted with men carrying lanterns, looking like will.o'-the-wisps, and. making the soft night air echo with their hearse shouts. Two figures were rapidly approach ing the cottages, and I hailed them. "Have you seen anything of Miss Deverenuy' called out Groves, the head butler. "She's out in the park somewhere a-walking in her sleep." "She is here," I answered, and then I went in and told Maud that they had come for her. Marian left us to find a warmer cloak and thicker shoes. and for a moment we were together. She turned to me at once with a sweet, sad smile on her lips, and a look of'regret shining out of the azure depths of her eyes. " Mr Arbuthnot, I had quite forgotten, in all this excitement, what happened in the plcture gallery. We are cousins, are we not C' I shook my head. "It is not a relationship which I shall claim," I answered, slowly. If I should see you again before I go, Miss Devereux, it will be as Mr Arbuthnot." Her eyes were speaking to me-speaking words which her lips could not utter, hut I avoided them. Eager voices were hurrying through the garden and Maud held out her hand with a hurried gesture. " At any rate, you will let me thank you for your timely aid this evening But for you I don't know what might have happened. I took her hand and raised it to my lips. Then I let it drop, and moved towards the door. ' I think I ought to thank you rather," I answered, with a pretence at a laugh, "for giving me the alarm. If those fellows had got into the house and taken me by surprise, things might have been worse for me, at any rate. I op'ned the door and admitted Groves and several of the other servants. Francis Devereux was there, too, but he stood on the pathway outside, without offering to enter, neither did I invite him. Mand wont out to him at once, and then I explained to the gaping little crowd what had happened. " What became of the one you knocked over, air '" asked Groves, after the little chorus of wondering exclamations had sub sided. "There now, most likely," I answered, with a start. "I'd forgotten all about him." We all trooped over to the spot, and there he lay, doubled up in the underwood, his face drawn with pain, and still unconscious. To say that I was sorry for him would have been a lie ; nay, If Rupert Devereux had lain by his side I should have been only the better pleased. But he lay so still and motionless that Istooped over him anxiously, and felt his heart. It was beating, though faintly, and I felt distinctly relieved when I looked up again. " He's alive," I declared, "but only just. Better get him some brandy." They brought him some from the house, and I poured it betwoen his lips. He re vived at once. " We d a beet take him up to the Court, sir," remarked Groves. " You won't want him down here with only yourself in the house." So they took him away, and as the long streaks of red light in the east slowly deepened until the autumn sun rose up from behind the pine trees like a hall of glowing fire, I threw myself down on the couch and slept. To be Continued. 