CHAPTER XVI.—WHAT THE MIR ROR REVEALED. The church clock was chiming the half hour after eleven as Mrs Carru thers stood under Grace’s chamber window. Flinging a pebble at it, she went round to the.side door, and in a minute or two it was quietly opened by Grace, and they proceeded to the latter’s dressing room. ‘‘Well, have you discovered any thing ?” “Tes;” and Mrs Carruthers told what she had seen. “What shall, you do now ?” "Give information to the police to morrow—no, the day after. I nj'.st wait until I have printed another photo graph of that girl, as I did not finish the other print.” "It seems an awful thing to do, when | you consider what the end of it may be. Remember, it means a shameful- death I to the man who w-as your sister’s hus I band,” said Grace, with a shudder. "He killed my brother, and he; has | ruined Phyllis Blount’s life. I can re member her a gay, light-hearted girl; now she is an Idiot. Then think of Alice. A few weeks longer, and the poi son may have done its work. By the way, I find out how Phyllis has man aged to escape Martha Gee’s vigilance. The latter is evidently subject to epi leptic fits, and I suppose at times they must come on before she has closed the I panel.” | "Where do you think that opening in the wall leads to ?” inquired Grace. “To the round tower, which is just above there. About a hundred years ago the master of Old Court Place mur dered his wife in the tower, where he had enticed her, and before he could be arrested he committed suicide. “The next owner, hearing rumors of a ghost having been seen, h.-.J the en trance to the tower built up. At least, that is what tradition says, and it was always supposed to be true; but my im pression now is that there is an entrance to it from Martha Gee’s bedroom, and that Phyllis Blount Is imprisoned tl>ere. The poor girl certainly ought to be sent' home to her parents.” ' “She ought to be and shall,” replied Grace, and, after bidding each other good night, the friends separated. \- “Oh, Grace, what do you think has happened ?” asked Mrs Sturt, the morn ing hut one after Mrs Carruthers’ ad venture. "Something dreadful, I am afraid,” Grace replied, looking anxiously at her visitor, who had burst into the drawing room unannounced. “Dreadful ! I should think it is, and if Alice isn’t worse it’s not Martin's fault. You know she was much better the other day, and the improvement continued ail yesterday; indeed, she was so well in the afternoon when I saw her' that I thought she would soon be all right, and X felt quite happy and com fortable. You can judge of my alarm when, about eight o’clock last night, she arrived at the Bodge, accompanied by her maid, and I found she had walk ed, from Old Court Place. "She was exceedingly exhausted, and burst into tears, saying that Martha was trying to poison her. You will un derstand, my dear, that whatever my own opinion might he (and I have felt suspicious) I didn’t like her making such a statement before Jane, her maid, so I treated it lightly ; but this only made Alice, reiterate her statement declaring that I needn’t mind Jane, as she had been obliged to take her Into her confidence, so that she could get away without Martha knowing. “It appearis, from what Alice said, that she felt so much better that she decid ed to dine with Martin, and, hearing of her intention, he persuaded her to have some strawberries before she went up stairs to dress. Downs placed the dish of strawberries, and the sugar and cream on a little table, which stood be hind the couch on which Alice reclined. “Now it happened that a small mir ror had that morning been placed on the wall opposite. Jane had found it in one of the attics, and, thinking it was something uncommon, she had brought it to her mistress, who told the housekeeper to have it placed in the small drawing-room, “Happening to raise her eyes, she saw, reflected in the mirror, Martin in the act of shaking the contents of a pa per over some strawberries, which he had placed on a plate, and the awful look of diabolical triumph on his face made her shiver, and, turning round, she seized the plate, exclaiming : “What have you put on the straw berries ?” 1 “ ‘Sugar, of course,’ he Said, still hold ing the plate, and at the same time j sprinkling some sugar over them. “ 'It wasn’t sugar, it was poison;’ and before he realised her intention she had crossed towards the door, and, going to her dressing-room, she rang for her maid. After revealing to the girl what had happened, she told her to bring her hat and cloak, and in a few minutes they left the house by a side entrance. Of course, owing to Alice’s weakness, it had taken them some time to reach Stonebank Lodge. “After hearing, all this, X comforted the poor gild, and assisted the maid to get her into bed. Then, just as I came downstairs, Martin appeared, and I ne ver saw a man look like he did. His face was ghastly white, and his eyes seemed to glare when he asked if Alice had come home. “ ‘Yes; and I don’t intend to let her returp to the Place,’ I said. ” ‘What do you mean ?’ he asked, as he followed me to the drawing-room. “ ‘I mean that a man who tries to poison his wife isn’t a safe person to live with.’ “ ‘go she’s been telling you that rub bish ? She’s out of her mind, and I shall take steps to put her in an asy (To be Continued>. 