ECHOES OF SPOET. I THE CALENDAR. BACING, July 30 — Singleton ; entries, July 21. j crcLiNa. July 10 — West Maitland. PIGEON BHOOTINa. July 18— Singleton t entries, July 9, Mark Thompson has returned the racehorse Schoolboy to liis owner. If adopted at all at Flemington the ' false rail' is not likely to be seen in operation nntil the Cup meeting. A gelding by Grandmaster — Windsor Lass has been entrusted to W. Noud to prepare at Rand wick. He will be known as Windsor Grand. Mr. Alf. Thompson has in hand nt Randwick a fine-looking grey brother to the consistent Havanna and Hilma, and ho is destined for hurdle racing. A peculiar thing iu connection with the raco meeting at Rosehill on Saturday was the bold bids made in four of tho events by the progeny of Lochiel. Cravat's name has been missed from the nomina tion lists of meetings about the metropolis of lato, and I learn that he has been blistered on a some what gummy joint, and this necessitated him being cased up. Mr. H. C. Whito has purchased Bob Ray's eistor True Lovo for stud purposes. Tho daughter of Welcome Jack and Gage d'Amorn lias lately beon running in galloway races, bat previously carried Mr. Joo Brown's livory. The croy filly by Cadogan from Grey Esooranco. bred by Mr, Frank Darley, of Nanango (Q.), has been sold to tho gentleman who races as J. Uno. The Ally, whioh will bo trained by J. Cook in Syd ney, is half-Bister to Greygown, Grey wicg, Touch stone, My Bluo Boll, and sister to Grey Friar. Word ia to hand of tho safe arrival at Singaporo or Calcutta of most of tho horses, including Quiver, Courallie, aud Hiram, whioh Messrs. Uphill and Fordham took from Australia in tho s.s. Lalpoora on hor laBt trip. Six doatliB occurred during the voyage, and among tho illfated was tho racing pony Dumpy. Daisy raoes aro the latest cycling innovation in England. Thoy are riddon on tandem bicycles, with ladles on tho front seat and gentlemen on tho baok. They.admit of husbands and wives raoing together. Later on wo may expect to seo the machines lengthened, and tho extra seats occupied by boys and girls. Thus ono family could bo pitted ngainBb another. It may be remembered that at the last mooting of tho Northern Jookey Club it was decided to apply to the A.J.O., for tho remission of tho re main Jer of tho term ot disqualification imposed by . tho N. J.C. on a jockey named Arthur O.uinn and the .racehorse. Dictator. The mattor has come under the riotfoe of the premier Club's committoo, and Mr. Clibborn has written to Mr. Quinton to say that tho A. J.C. cannot accede to tho roquout mado. I Tho owilor of Oak Hill Farm, Amorioa, has a genuine curiosity iu the shape of a snow-white colt, by Palestine, son of Powhattan, dam Blaok Girl, by Khartoum, son of Luke Blaokburn. Tho oolt is a suokling, and is white all over oxcopt the tip of its head and ears, whioh nro red. The young ster is perfectly shaped, and nil right in ovory par ticular, and who knows but what lio will turn out to bo a good winner P Tho dam of this whito colt is as blaok as ink, ' It was decided in Nowoastlo on Saturday evening that Walsh and Hiokoy will row thoir raco in 22 foot light ekifCs at Raymond Terrace on August 2 for X60 a-sido, ; Walsh wanted tho stakos to be J! 100 oaoli, bub tlio father of his opponent Baid ho had to ?Hiid-Mio stake himself, and that was as much as ho oould afford, although lie wns willing to lonvo that qnostion optional until tho day provioun to tho oontest, Hiokoy will bo trained by Chris Noilson and Walsh by Trenside. Frofn tho publisher I havo recoivod a copy of tlmt popular little work Australian Form at a Qlancc, a cheap 'Volumo whioh should find a placo in tho library of all sportsmon, oBpeoially at this junoturo whon students of turf loro dosiro to havo tho per formances of tho Cup candidates at their fingor's ends. ' These aro givon in an ndmirnbly ole»r form, nnd in -.addition the book oontnins tho weightfor age 'scale, tho fnstest timo records, namss of past winners of groat ovontf, a list and dotails of princi pal raoeoourses, registered colours, otc. Advices from Rnndwiek Blato that Coll haa thickened out greatly, nlthoujgli ho lias not grown up, and is now the beau ideal of a Derby oolt, so that Nowhnvon may not have it all his own way when tho pair nomo to moiisuro strides at Floming ton. It must not be forgotten that Coil was back ward wlion the pnifc Inst mot, whilst Nowhavon, who is of the precocious order, was just tho opposite. Another horse that lias como ou , greatly '.' recently ia Dan, O'Brlon'fl speedy gentleman Bob Ray, who is.no longor n pony iu stature, ns lie atands nil out 16 8. Tho son of Welcome, Jack is a. rncohoroo if hia bad knee will permit) him being prepared. , "Bricky" Colley, who died in Sydney suddenly a few days since, was born in the Bay of Biscay. Ono who know him' Voll wrltos that Colloy waii a dosporato gambler, nnd thought nothing of Btnking Ills last on anything ho jfanoied. Somo yoarn ago ho -was riding ' Crnoker Corn well's Soldier Boy 111 the 'Bourko Handioap at Melbourne, and all tho family woro down on tho handsomo son of Wilbor foroo. Aa they mado for tho bond thero woro only two ill it, Frying Pnn nnd Soldior Boy. Tho for mor, riddon by Ted Powor, was loading by half a lengtl], ?' Savn a termor with you, Tod,' roarod Brioky,'' No answer,- 'Brioky' repeated his ofTor sovoral times,' but Tod was deal1. At tlio dis taneo-1'1 Brioky' noticed Frying Pan beginning to tiro, arid 'drove Soldior Boy up hard, and tho pair Aw nKnnlt l-.lw.n PoworVb-illofl out, ' All right, ' Brioky,' I'll suvo a snore with you.' ' Not mo,' said ' Brioky,' ' I'm going nap,' and ho pulled out bis whip nnd got thoro. Hundreds of liko nfcorios could bo told of ' Bricky's' pluck and cool none, and though ho always-lost his rnonoy in tho ond ho novor lout liiu hont). It will bo ninny a day boforo wo aro likoly to soo his like again. Tho Ivotli trophy, premmtod for oompotition among orlokot olubs playing in tho vioinlty of Brisbano, has, this nonson, boon won by tho Limo stono Club, nud lu connection with tho victory a 1 Queensland papor Bays 1 'Whon 'tho Limnstono Orlokot Olub was formed, at tho oommencomont of ?tho ni-a«on, it vran lit, tie thought that thoy would .aoaui'a tho oup'in the nonior division of tho Ipswioh and West Moroton Association — in short, in nomo qunrtor& it was etated that thoy had 'not a ghost of a allow, boing ouly a ono-man team, jovonln hnvo, liowovor, provod oneo again tho uncertainty of orloket, although thoro was no uncertainty about ?tlio doiugo of tho Llmestonianw. Thoy practised assiduously 1 thoy wont ovon furthor — a oonoh (W. M'Gllncho.v) was ungngod to timoh them a fow wrinkles. Undoubtedly H'Gllnohoy'uiiorvlcos woro, in a groat measure, ronpnnniblci for a good deal of tho huoooss tho olub lias aohlovod.' It's ploaannt to road of tho suooonti in any dopnrt mnilt ol' lire or orsMvimo jviaioinnuern, anu iu is ovldont that in orickot at any rato tho old plaoo has excellent repienentative.i in Wally M'Olituiliny nud tho brothers Mooro iu tho othor ooloniou. By tho way it In probablo that ftl'Glinehoy will return horo to llvo in timo to plity with tho Albion O. O, noxt sonant), nnd If so his prouoneo. will bn hulled with enthusiasm by hio former nATiiniLnlniin. \ Unolcnrti did noli onjny Minmnnlvnit (jronUy nt Flemington 011 Saturday, for only 0110 first favour ftp got homo Huoootmfully during tho aftornoon, nnd thon tho bulk of (ho ninnoy wont to tho stablo. Our old noriunintnnoe A 11 Right wns thu popular plo'f for tho Mill don Hurdle IU00, but na usual the noil of Tho Works quito failed to stny it out whon plnoM, »twl Wdo ovoflinulod in tho ntralght by HirundoandthoOnkapnringaCup winner Veronica, the former, who is by Brandon out of Littlo Mary, winning by a head, Culzean boing third. Mora, who won the Two- year-old Handicap, was formerly known as Tiara, and is by Mnlua— White Star. Mr. Murray, hor owner, is a young member of thu ring. Mr. Sep. Miller and his friends put a good stake 011 Whernside for the Maiden SfcecplechaBO, nnd the son of Glorious and Mildura won ns ho liked from Tapage and Queen B. A dozen horses had their toi-leta'attended to for tho Grand National Hurdle Raco, thia being the smallest field which went out for this event since 1887, whon ulr. Sam Cook's Teoman beat seven opponents, Last season, when Emmalea oantored homo in front, thoro wero twenty-two runners, and in the previous year, when Apsley did tho trick, thero woro 18 runners, but Tim Swivoller only downed 12 whon bo got ' thero' in 1803. Tho Grand National Hurdlo Raco was instituted as far back as 1881, whon it was won by Sir Peter, ridden by tho late Tommy Corrigan. From 1891 to 188G tho dis tance was two miles six furlongs and 307 yards, but sinco 1887 it has been exactly three miles. On Saturday Dungan, who had beou so strongly fancied all along, was sent out favourite nt 3 to 1, but disgraced himself by being out of it at half way. Morago, who was second in demand, did little bettor, only gotting third place, but ho jumped in very slovenly fashion. Artist foil, as did alsj Collingwood, who had been drawn in a consultation by a Muawellbrook syndicate. Tho winner Bunzi is by The Plunger out of Barrati, and 33 to 1 could bo obtained about him at tbo post. The weight (Oct.) was the lowest over catried by a winner oil the event. Zouroff, who finished second, was only started to get a bit of sweep money, whilst Emmalea did well to carry her 12at 81b into fourth place. Tho final event fell to that beautiful filly Tho Parisienno, who is by Tronton out of Mario Louise, and who just dofeated the Sydnoy galloway Martini and tho consistent Miss Gladstone. The meeting at Rosehill 011 Saturday aftornoon appears to have passed off pleasantly, although unfortunately thero was an accident in ono event. But as backers who make it a proctice ' to follow the money' without nclting for information had a very successful timo of it, such a contretemps as a liorso boing killed was not allowed to interfere with tho genoral joy ovor othor matters. A start was mado with the Granville Stakes, for which Survivor und Australian woromado equal favourites, but whilst tho latter, who had boon troinod at Morpeth by Pat McCarthy, wns novor dangerous, the other fellow just Buceoodod in boating Old Clo' by half a longtli, whilst Discord was third. Tho winner is by Lochiol out of Moliasa, dam of Juvonile, and is evidently very smart. Old Clo', whose first appearance It was in a metropolitan raco, is also by tho Princo Charlio horse. -1 to 1 was takon about Brooklyn and Satanella for tho Brush Hurdle Raco, but at tho ond nothing had a chanco with old Whitofoot, who mado hacks of Cornet nnd Sntn nolla. Tlio winner is by tho Kelpie liorao Koroelnh out of Hope, dam of Heluieman, and is tho i V.ait ideal of a hurdlo racor, although bo lins not done much for a long timo. During tlio raco Brooklyn and Hotspur fell, and Hendricks, who rodo tho latter, had his collar bono brokon, whilst Jack M'Mahon, who has como to grief several times lately, was muoh shaken and bruised by Brooklyn's buster. But that wasn't tho worst of it, for tho usoful liorso wns killed. By i.l. ? ? ? Kiln*. ,, IVI.Jf, 1T..1.UI nui.uwiui; Brooklyn in n stall beforo tho race 'Jerry' Oleugh camo up and advised Mac. to havo a look at the liorso boforo ho got on him, as I10 soomod to him like a joker that was gomg to havo a fall. I know not what possessed Cleugh to speak thus, and M'Mahon, too, was sceptical of tho truth of tho warning, at) ho only laughed, and replied that Brooklyn didn't know how to fall. Ho loarned quickly. Tho carofully kept Tjieutenant was mado a rod-hot favourite for tho Declaration Handicap, for which Iiocli Fad was also fancied, but all tlio runners carried moro or loss money, Tho favourite looked to havo the race won in tho straight, but Loeh Fad gavo him no pico, and, staying the hotter, won by a longtli, Tho Faithful being third. Tho winner ia anothor scion of Lochiol, and ns I10 won two races at Mooroilold ho has now boon successful tlirico in succession. Kelso deputed Tho Captain to net for him in tho Independence Hnndicnp, and lio was in groat rcquoBt until tho NoweaBtlo con tingent began to put the money on Nowoastlo, and he was quickly mado socond favourite. Tho Cap tain ran roguishly, and after tho horses had got togotlier iu tho straight; and promisod to mako n. vory protty race of it Newcastle drow out and won oasily by nearly two longthB from Loch Loigh, whilst Clivo was third, Tho winner is by Splendor from Camolia, by Kolpio out of Baroness, by Petor WilkinB, and was brod at Tocal. Ho is n good looking follow, and at ono timo promised to bo junt as good as I10 lookod, but I10 is n somowhat difficult liorso to train, and lias beon a considornblo dis nppointmont to his party. Nowoastlo wnsproparod by Mr. JnmeB Chnmoors, on Messrs. Brown's private track, Motto Farm, near Raymond Torrnco. Sport concluded with tho Flying Welter, and for this bnckors of Lieutenant ngnin rnllicd up, but ho was onco moro doomod to dofeat, Survivor winning by a bnro head from Australian — who surprised his friends by tho gal lant effort; — and tho favourito, A notiooablo thing in connection with tho ra«o was tho donporatn finish put in by Sir Arthur, who, Jiowovor, did not appoar 011 tho soono until tho struggle was practi cally ovor. Tina Vacira.nt. 