RELIGIOUS SERVICES, MEMORIAL CHURCH. The sixth anniversary of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavour was held at the Memorial Church yester- day, when Sermons were preached by the president of the society (the Rev. J. T. Piercey) to large congregations morning and evening. A number of the En- deavourers assisted in the services with prayer, praise, and reading. The subject in the morning was " What Christ is for the church." At the outset the preacher dwelt for some time upon the active En- deavourer's pledge, and said that before signing it a person should be conscientiously a decided Christian, and a Christian indeed should never forget that an active member meant a live member, to be out and about and zealous for Christ. He should also be a surren- dered Christian, ready to go anywhere and do anything their Lord and Master Christ should command. There was a danger of making more of the society than of Christ, but Christ must be first always. We should let no idol in any shape or form come between us and Him. As members we should have one aim and one object, namely, that Jesus might be glorified and souls be won for Him. The morning address was based upon Galatians i.,4-"Who gave Himself for our sins, that He might deliver us from this present evil world, according to the will of God and our Father." The preacher dwelt at length upon what Christ is for the church, and said that in order to know what He has done and is doing and what He is going to do in the future, we must abide fully in Him. He was the source of all power, and Jesus Christ was manlfested to destroy the works of the devil and deliver the Christain from all his besetting sin, and he urged all believers to claim the promise of the Father, namely, the gift of the Holy Ghost, by which alone we could live lives of victory over sin and to the praise of God. The evening address was taken from 1 Kings xviii.,21-"And Elijah came unto all the people and said, How long halt ye between two opinions, if the Lord be God follow Him, but if Baal then follow him." The preacher made a stirring appeal to all the congregation and stated that there was no neutral ground. They were either serving God or Baal. After enlarging upon the signal victory obtained by the servant of God in the text with the prophets of Baal, as recorded in the chapter read, he urged them to accept Christ as their Saviour. At the close of the service an after meeting was held, when several expressed their desire to henceforth live for God. The society report showed a membership of 109 as follows:--Active, 88; honorary, 18; and associate, three members. During the year 12 new active members had joined, thus helping to take the place of those lost through removals to other colonies. There were three active members now labouring for Christ in the African mission field, and latest advices from them state all were well, and the Lord was blessing their labours. Good work had been done by the society during the last 12 months, and they had had much cause for thankfulness, as the society now after six years' service showed no sign of lack of interest. The junior society had a membership of 27, and good interest was being taken by them in the Master's service. Alleged Bad Verdict.-A? Sydney tole gram dated Tuesday says:-At a meeting of the Sydney district council of the Australasian Labour Federation held to-night, of which body Mr Sam. Smith; who was recently convicted of conspir acy in connection wdai 'the "Daily Post," was president, the sentences on Smith and his accomplices were discussed at some length. Mr J. P. Cochrane, secrer tary of the council, stated that he had come into possession of evidence that Mr Fountain Edwards, one of the jury trying the case, was not a British sub ject, and therefore had no iight to be on the jury. A committee was appoin-. ted to take steps to have the conviction quashed on that ground. Inquiries . er'ove that Mr Edwards is a Swiss, and has never been natirallised. *Cigarette.--The "British 'Medical Journal" cites, on the question of cig arette-smoking, thie opinion of Dr. J. C. Mulhall, of St. Louis, who, it says, speaks as a Daniel come to judgment,' beinga specialist of recognised authority in diseases of the throat, and a cigar ette-smoker of 25 years' standing. He neither curses nor blesses, but sums up the evidence impartially. He divides the cigarette-smokers into two cate gor'ies-those who inhale the smoke and those who blow it out as soon as it touches the lips. The latter class, which includes the "new woman," may be dismissed from consileration; they are never lapped in nicotian Elysium, and pay no penalty beyond an occasional blistered tongue for their sentimental pleasure. All real devotees inhale, and as the smoke thus comes in contact with the mucous membrane of the wind pipe and larger bronchi, thie absorbant surface is, according to Dr Mulhall's estimate, three times larger than in the case of a cigar, where the smoke is not allowed to penetrate beyond the mouth. Moreover, as two or three cigarettes can be consumed in thie same time as one cigar, it is clear that more nicotine must Sbe taken into the system by those who smoke the former. Again, cigarettes, unlike cigars, can be smoked all day long. and we know how powerful is the effect of small doses of a drug given at short intervals. As regarsds the local mischief often said to be produced by cigarettes, Dr. Mulilall, who speaks fromr a wide experience, denies, that "as ordinarily used, it ever causes throat disease worthy of the name." The effects in the larynx of a healthy man sree to be "almost nil." As regards tihe constitutional effects, they are simplyl Sthose of nicotine poisoning, and are precisely the same as those prolduced by tobacco in' other forms. Thle allega tion so frequently made that cigarettes arne drugged with opium, cannabis in dica, and other lnarcotics. is plositively denied by Dr Mulhall. But while vin dicating the cigarette from iunjust as persions, Dr. Mulhall speaks strongly as to its danger for tihe young. for whose irritable nervous system it is a subtle and sometimes a deadly poison. School boys shouls be taught that iremature indulgence in tobacco, whether in the form of cigarettes or any other, is too likely to malke them grow up into mannikins rather than men. As recently as 1S35 Dr. Lardner, in a lecture at Liverpool, publicly stated, In reference to a ncheme for making a direct voyage between Liverpool and New York by a steamship, that "they might as well talk of making a voyage from Neow. York or Liverpool to the moon, J 