The Ballerina. BY COLONEL J. F. Mn.LIKF.N. Death and I have almost shaken hands on several occasions* Other persona have a oloafir acquaintance with himt but fray >^ldom jotted down their experience afterwards* That labor was left for sor rowing friends. Did you ever fttl so pale that the cold Whiila fan down your back, your hair seem io stand pompadour, your heart cease to l^oatf your knees smite eaoh other, and a general sense of goneness pervade your Jtfcole system with a fulness that caused you to wish that you were in some other salubrious looality P I have felt that It i'B not pleasant 1 I hod been in Kgypt for five years, and yu just returning from my first visit, in 4bat period, to the United States. 1 made ft pretty good sojourn in Paris, for it iB ft lather difficult matter to out loose from its toulevardB and old Paulaski's American bar, especially when you have plenty of money in your pocket, and I was yet twenty-five hundred francs under my limit, made when I started on the trip. However, there Is an end to every tjiing, exoepting the supply of poor Aetata and the applicants for free ad ndssions, so one fine evening Paulauki and % Couple more congenial spirits esoorted Ott ont to the Gare de Lyons, and bade me £ sad adieu. Paulaski aotually wept, al X am inolined to think, at thU late that it was more on account of the prospective loss of from fifty to one hun Sss^^raiics a day than from the actual part ing; but it went then, and I could not Save felt worse at my own funeral. Aa I climbed into the compartment of {be funny little bob-tailed railway oarriage .1 thi foreign passenger cars always seemed Canny to me-I noticed in the opposite comet what appeared to be a rather flno I^Hng man of apparently 30> with . full red beard and moustache, almost completely oovered with hie travelling ? iSy, 'and fixed as comfortably ns V powdMft fox the night. Standing in the 1 fftr""1 beside him, in a light leather case i wee ft shot gon. I took a mental photo graph of this in the dim light, and soon the gnud ehut and locked the door, and ffc« train drew out of the station. We were, Ap pnly occupants, and neither of us had ft word. As I got ray traps in shape Cot ft long and tiresome ride I thought: Thin is an Englishman going to a friend's chateau on a shooting excursion. I wish " Xwaa wi(.h him. I would just like a pop Jieomeot those pheaeants brought up by I'll bet that there is as much differ ence ^between their flight wd one of our .'Allegheny y«nntAtn birds as there is between the paoee of a thorough bred and a cart horse. Gradually mhn|rttr*f) tr*1 hojreei, and gung, and doge, S&Mp; W^ekengii end railway, carriages Uended, and I fell sound asleep. I was fly** tired, and the parting from my friends . 1led not been a dry one. The thought of ? Sue or danger bad not entered my mind, 7\. tat my trousers were made Amerioan WWipj and. one h}p poaket carried a 32 tinUnaad Wesson. There is nothing has a more eoothlng effect upon the nerveB ' m ^ el strapgp country, only it U«nui nation the seat of the trousers, ' and rune up tailors' bills alarmingly. When I awoke it was with a start, and | I felt as thqpghthe back of my ne<jk h.ad : ' broken.' In a moment Icollectod my j Mattered senses. It was broadd^ylyjht, i»nd my ooEfpapiou Via apparently as peacefully sleeping as 1j lad .een.WpLwhen I bad entered tjie o^rri ^ age, v-pulled myself together as well M -fosaible, with the assistance of a \- little of Paulaski'e Monongahela-he calls ' ' Htteburg his home-and looked out on the beautiful landsoape, as we bowled along iktthe rate of 40 miles an hour. Until you Imm Men the south of Franoe, you do not \- know what a pretty country ie. Their little bits of farms are perfect gardens, aid all the buildings appear to have been put up to Btay. I uBea to wonder where ?U the French wine came from, but, after Iliad made a couple ot trips thronghthat ?III)ton, the question I asked of myself in2v* Where does it all go tof'' and I gave it up. Meanwhile, my friend bad wakened up, and, as the washing facilities of these osrriages are like MIBB Smith's celebrated boarding house pea soup-moie remarkable for what was left out than for What was put in-he performed his ablu tions ae I bad previously done with a dry Jiandkeiohief; but he never said good mnn{ngf and Xt not to he outdone in yfllfrinttff, said the samo* I hod seen a flood many conservative Englishmen, and HlfiJ' of others, so I registered an vow that if ho did not epeak ... ,Ant» he would never leant anything me of the tesouroes.of America. We ltd breakfast together at Maoon, and rode «n day alone in our compartment through I&L; apparently endless vineyards, and not atirora was spoken. y~Ann (Turin) was my first objeotive e|nt, and, as the peaks of the Alps came yjsw, and we began to draw near the ltwuit Oenls Tunnel, the thought struck y that the Englishman was a pretty thorough sportsman to take euob. a trip for tteeeke of a few birds, that you could nobably catch by putting a little salt on tails, and then the idea struck me *wt perhaps he intended to try the ibex *Hh buekshot-that amused me. But we Maohed tbe tunnel, went through it and the Alps, and down on to the historic of Lombardy. We reached Torino, took the same omnibus to the Hotel 4'Angleterre, dined at the same round table for five days, and never spoke a word to each other. When 1 had paid my long hotel bill, wUeh is only equalled in length by the %. ? -" - «.. . iha ghost toils to walk, and hope has died out, and entered the omnibus to take the train to Milan, there was my Englishman. I had learned to admire his conservatism, and had given him the mental cake as being the champion. Bat this was too much for me, I weakened, and, with ahearty laugh, said: " Good morning 1 It seems that you and I are destined to go on together for ever, so we might as well get acquainted." With a laugh as nearly aa my own, he courteously re. plied. When he commenced to speak I was paralysed. Mon Dieu I He was not an Englishman, but a Frenohman, and his ehpt gun was a barometer, lie had been sent out from the hydrographic office in Paris to oompare the barometer with those in the different cities of Europe. We spent a jolly day at Milan, and I remember dis tinctly how disappointed I was with the Cathedral, how pleased I was with the Arcads, how badly I beat my friend shoot ing, and how full he was when I bade him goodby; but I am as far ahead of my real story as Revelation is from Genesis. I must go back to Egypt-not quite so far back as to where Pha raoh endeavoured to prevent the Israelites from emigrating, and got a duoklng for his pains-but to the opening of the Pana-no, I mean, Suez Canal. There is no record of the subsidising in this under taking, but there were immense sums of money expended in connection with it that never went into dredging. Ismail Pasha, Khedive, was a gentleman who did not care how much money he spent-so long as some one else furnished it. To give the Empress Eugenie a royal welcome he, inter alia, built a magnificent opera house, and produoed a new opera, .' Aida," written by Verdi, expressly for the oooasion. Ismail has passed away, bat the canal and the opera house yet remain. Until 1882 the opera house was oocupied each season by an impressario who brought a first-class opera company over from Europe on a governmental sub sidy of 50,000dol, and what lie oould make in addition, and the addition filled his pockets and spoiled the Egyptians. Chorus girls and ballerina (ballet dancers) were above par iu that country. When I started on my trip to America the opera season had just oloBed, and on board the same vessel were a number of the per formers bound for their homes in various parts of Italy. We had a terribly stormy passage, and came so close to running ashore on the island of Curgfty), tjiflj; thp oaptain'd hair turned grey. Six men and all the boats. wer^ over board. The only tbiag that s^ypd us was good seamanship and an, exjra amount of hard praying. There was not much love- making on that tflgj b|it, ad interim, I managed to kicfe up. an ac quaintance with a pretty. Hl(U baU^fina named Curo Morrellp, whp cajne from Torino. When we reached Genoa) where, tbe voyage ended, I was art$a(fd'at the custom-house for attajgpj^n^ to struggle 17 cigars and 100 cigare|^#8, and before I got things straightened out my ballerina disappeared. This treatment sp disgusted me with Genoa that I decided to take the .first trg£n for the North. When I arrived at the railway station the first person I noticed was Cora, and by the time we reaohed her home, we were devotedly attaohed. My time at Torino was limited, so I promised to stop on my return, and that was how I came to make the quiet trip with the English sports man (P). Torino is a lovely city under any oiroumstanoes, but when you have the additional attraction of a " front rower," and, "such a nice girl, too," it is simply irresistible. We judge the Italians by the riff raff we see here, but ,tkey are no in ore the representatives of their country than a Bowery be of the United States. The handaomest people to be found in the wo^ld arp the better class of Italians. I have forgotten exactly how many dukes and princes Cora told me she was deBoended from, but her family tree oast a pretty dense shade. We had a regular pionic during the first four days oC my stay, and made excursions to all oC the many points of interest .in and around the oity. We would ramble around all day, then dine at a charming restaurant oa the banks of (he beautiful river Arno-or is it Po f After getting oomfortably filled up on real Chianti, we would attend tbe theatre, and a box was the only place that was good enough for us. When the perform ance was ended we would stroll to her home in a little, narrow, blind passageway called Via Malatesta, and there is where the trouble commenced. The streets of all the Italian citieB are generally narrow, the houses high, and the lighting, at night, exceedingly poor. I had noticed, daring our homeward walk on on ore two occasions that a couple of gentlemen in long military cloaks were apparently taking more than 6 per cent, interest in ray welfare, but I paid no more attention to them than had we been on Broadway. My trip down that long passage way to a thoroughfare, and back to the hotel, was the anpleaBant feature of the day, but such trips are the legacies of all lovers. I had just bidden her a fond good night after we had stumbled up to her door, on the fourth evening of my stay, and turned towards the dim light that marked the street a half block distant, when I had that indescribable crawling sensation of fear come over me. I knew that there was danger of some kind menacing me. But what? Where? It was so pitch dark that I could not see the houses on either side of me. I was not left long in suspense. A oloak was thrown over my head. I threw up my left hand and for tunately caught the right wrist of my assailant. Quicker than a flash my head was under his arm, my right hand be tween bis legs, and over my ehoulder he went, head first, on the Bolid stone pave ment. Without stopping a eeoond to asssss damages I sprinted down that pasBaee way at a rate that would have won first prize at tho Manhattan games, and never even cbuc'.:leJ to myself until 1 struck a lamp on tbe main street, and then I laughed as 1 pictured the gentleman's surprise, and how poor Jim Maoe, who taught me the throw, would have enjoyed it. But 1 never chased my ballerina up the Via Malatesta again, nor did she call to bid me farewell. Now, when the ballerina T ' ' - nir HlK"1. 