Every Tolmmy Has His TabIy. If a cat doth meet a cat Upon a garden wall, And if a cat doth greet a cat; Oh, why nled they both lquall? Every Tommy has his Tabby Waiting on the wall. And yet he weclcomes her approach By an uneartldy yawl ! And if a kitten wish to court Upon the garden wall, Why don't he sit and sweetly smile, And not stand up and bawl? And lift his precious back up high, And show his teeth and moan, As if 'twere colic more than love. TuE man with crow's feet about his eyes probably has suflicient caws. AamosT any'man knows more than :his father until.hie is forty years old. Thenr he drops into the ranks of the ignorant, and ie' gins to take lessons. " I LOVED you once," he said, in ai re proachful tone..>", "Well," sho responded, "I don't waist the ear?th. Once is enough." NeLUE : ."" What's:your favourite insttu ment, Daisy?" Daisy . " The mandolin." Nellie : "Of course you prefer anytlhing that has a man about it." Isac : " Repecca, led's get married ride avay quick." Rebacca: "What for you in such hurry, Ikey ?" ,. Isaac : " Der sooner re marries der sooner ' come dot golden:wedding, in't it i:. S TER-JVSTIFICoTI . " At whom are you grinmniu, my pretty` maid' i" "Atchoo ! atchoo ! kind sir," she said. " I think. sweet lass, yso re very bold." " I had to etieze, sir-I've gut a cold." FrI~En (after tea): "Your little wife is a brilliantly- handsome woman. I sholid" think you would be jealous of her." Ohio '3ian (confidently) : " To tell the truth Simpkin.-, I am. I never invite any body here that any sane womnan would take a fanlcy to." IT 19 IN TIIE FLrTUr.E. Hunker : "' Itello, hlicketLs, when is your marriage to Miss 3,unn cm1ing oefilf I'ickett. : " It has been indeoinitely post posed." "What's the trouble?" " Oh, uo: marrield inOther fellow." " )Do you take tany pvriodicals'" asked a youngt'-uinister on his first visit to one of his parishioners. "Oh, n., sir," rlplied the good wenlan. " I never do, but I'm surry to say that my hiutsband takes a perioldi.al albost ,lcr in every two moiutls. I wish yll couldl induce him to sign the pl!edge." A STo: is told of a rhrewish , otchwotmau who tried to welan hr ihus:ndl fro, thel dram-,,shop by epliloyinlg her brothl?r to act the patt of a ghost anl frihten LJohn on his way hose. "Who are ysou" ask.l the farm,:r, as the apparition ro-e bte fore Lii rim behind a " I am Auld Nii k." wa?- the Iel,ty. "Arc you really"' .elaiw: d the old rn probate, with much satiofactioa in:tead of tcrror. "Mton, come awa. Gin's a shako o' your hand; I'm married to a sister o' oursO." 