SENFREY MYSTERY; A BROTHER'S VENGEANCE. A Detective Story. Br H-nBY HIM?L. ?ublished by special arrangement with j esrs. Wardt. Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED]. CHAPTER V. THE MESR? E FROl THE GRAVE. Count Brodie seemed to be destined to figure ooneplcuonaly In my investigations. It was clear to me that he was on terms of cl?se aoqualntanoe with my next door lodger ; and that being ascoertained, the theory of an Intimacy between him and Maria Orano was easily suggested. Morton had asserted, and I had every reason to believe the truth of his statement, that Lord Senfrey took a merely friendly _ sho:elwt h" Lae iiflo Italian girl. koaia is be that the person on whose account she committed suicide was Count Brodie! It was possible, but It seemed strange that if such were the case the police had no infer. mation upon the subject, and that my noble Levantine friend walked so unconcernedly in and out of the house where his victim had poisoned herself. There was no time to be lost, and I im mediately eet to work to examine every nook and corner of my room. To start with I went on my hands and knees and crawled ever the floor from one end to the ether. The carpet in the room was worn, and here and there torn. Underneath the bed the fluff lay half an inch thick. I noiselessly moved the bed, first on one side, then on the ether, but could find nothing, except, at one corner, quite close to the wall, between the edge of the carpet and the wall itself, a little brass button. I held it up to the light and examined It. It war a small button which had evidently belonged to a glove-a man's glove, most probably, from the size. That was not an etraordinary find in itself. I held it up to the light again, and found, in tiny figures, the letters "C.F. and Cie." stamped upon it. "That belonged to a French glove," I usidtomyself. "The word' Cle.'tells me that. It it had been an English made glove it would have been ' C.'" t pn thie taing into my pockse ana ca:red on further. There was a little square table near the window covered with \- greyish stained tollet cover. A little dressing-glass stood on it, and there were varlonu broken and unbroken little china -ays and boxes belonging to an odd dressing e set. Just next to one leg of the table I founn a single, thin, long, unbroken particle of Turkish tobacco. It was just one of the fine threads of tobacos that a man in making a clgarette might have dropped. That was not much either ; but indicated to me that either Maria Orano herself had smoked Turkish tobacco in the place-and Itallan girls sometimes do smoke-or that smebody had been in the place who smoked Tnurkih tobacco. I picked up my tiny tobacco straw with -he utmost care and laid It gently on one of the little china trays. Then I searched for more. On another of the trays on the toilet table I discovered two particles of Turkish tobaco even finer than the firtt, and when I looked still further I fonnd three or four more on the floor on the same side of the table. I gathered them all together care flly, and when I took out my magnifying glas I found that these were straight cut I would have to question Mrs Rooney -~mot Maria Orano's habits, whether or not she smoked; and that would help me a great deal. Turkiah tobacco of that quality -as not sold in the purlien ol Holborn. It was potent to me that somebody had stood by that table and had there made a cigarette, and, as I opened one of the little china boxea on the table, my surmise became strengthened when I found there a burnt -ot wax vesta. I should have to learn if uara Orano received visitors, and, if poe ible, whom. Another point of importance would be to knew who introduced her to the landlady. After that I opened the wardrobe and all the drawers in the room. I turned out every spackof dust and left no corer where a pin coul'd lie une-amlned. lat my March proved fruitless. " Two things I hall have to find out," I said to myself-" to what kind of glove this button belonged, and where the paper was bought from which this scrap in my pooket was tcrn. Twilight had been setting in in the mean time, and it was imnooBible to oontlnue my searc, as-I was provided -with neither candle, lamp nor gas-light. I went down. stair, therefore, and passing Mrs Matilda Booney, who, curtneying and grinning her sweetest, opened the door for me, I went out. My first journey brought me to the Strand. I dealt habitually for my gloves and hosiery at a shop near Charing Cross Station I entered, and called the manager. " Can yon tell me," I asked, " from what kind of glove this button has been torn !" The hosler looked at it. "Oh, yes, sir," he said: "that's easy nough. That's a French button, and the anltia en It stand for Courtin Freres and Company. They've been supplying the market with a lot of sode gloves lately, and they've gone off very well-good quality and low prioes. I should say that that button comes from one of them." "Have yon got any of these sulne gloves " I asked. "Noe, ir," was the man's answer; "I haven't at present. "Wehad sixpar, and cold them all. "Do you know whe is likely to keep them " I continued. "Oh, most shops in the Vest End keep them. If you look about Bond Street or the Burlington Arcade, you'll find them at a dezen plaes." This was valuable information. A man had evidently been in Maria Orano's room who wore su&de; gloves. It would be my dlty to know if Count Gyffa Brodle wore suede gloves, _ rzom the Strand I strolled to the Bar lington Arcade, and there, among the goods exhibited in the shop windows, I disooverea at least three places where gentlemen's uAeds gloves ware sold. When in the arcade I looked also into a fancy stationer's shop, to see if anywhere I could find a paper like that of my scrap. I entered one place, and putting out my little sample, without showing the lettering, I asked the man if he could give me any letter paper like that. " Oh, yes, I can," was the man's reply. "It comes from an ordinary Do Ia Rue eighteenpenny packet." I bought my Da Ia Rue elghteenpenny packet, and sore enough there was the same psper-ribbed, waterlined, quality, and all exactly the ame. That paper was mset likely sold by myriads of packete in London, and any one of the perons I suspected might have used that kind of paper. I felt a ittle disheartened at the discovery, but soon plucked up ooErage again, Many per sons might have uned De la Rue's eighteen penny packets, but if I found that one of the people I suspeoted used such paper, It would yet be an additional step in my en qulry. SThe Burlington Arcade was but a few steps from Grafton Street, Bond Street, where the present Lady Senfrey had lived up to a day or two ago. A thought shot into my mind at that moment, and taking advantage of it while the man was wrapping up my little parcel, I asked quite casually, " I uppose you've heard of the awful mur der of L)rd Senfrey ?" " Oh, yes," replied the man. " Shocking affair, isn't it? I'm very sorry for It for more than one reason. You see, Mrs Mar tin Neymer, who Is Lady Senfrey now, lived in Grafton-atreet, just over the way, and she was a regular customer of ours, and had lots of things from us." This was indeed news. " Oh " I exclaimed. "I suppose she bought her statioxery here ?' " Ye" said the man, "and lots o it- ail kindes of paper and all kinds of clors, and all kinds of shapes. You see that sheet there with 'Agatha' in gold letters right across the corner of the page. We got that up for her. Now she'll move to Eaton Square, I suppose, and forget all about this shop." I could not tell why, but as the man went on so carelessly the color nearly faded out of my cheeks. Had I put my finger upon the right clue at last ? Were my suspicions founded upon a shadow of fact P Had Lady Senfrey, driven to desperation by the threat of prosecution against her husband, resorted to this diabolic means of extricating herself from penury and Martin Neymer from prison P "I suppose," I ventured with a smile that must have looked sickly. " Lady Sen frey bought plenty of paper like what I've bought jest now " "No," was the man's quick answer, " not much. It's a kind of paper that she wouldn't touch. All her own notepaper has some ornamentation of some kind flowers, or gilt lettering, or something. Her husband, the present Lord Senfrey, might have bought some, but Mrs Alfred Neymer -never." At that moment a servant entered the place and asked for three packets of ordi ..- n alrsper, the same an "hbe had bought before," he added. The shopman handed him three packets exactly like the one I had purchased. "That man came from a place that's closely connected with the Senfrey case," the attendant said, when the man had gone. "He comes from Rhowdon House, Park Lane." " Lord Bent's house P" I asked inamars ment. " The same," was the answer. "Lady Bent often comes here. We sell a lot of things to her and to the earl, and also to one of her friends, Count Brodie." I am afraid the man must have thought me impolite, for I left the shop hurriedly, so daz d was I for the moment by the force of my discovery. At that early period of my career I was not yet so steeled to the exigences of my calling as to be able to keep the thorough control over my nerves which I have since attained. '"There's no doubt about it now," I said. " Count Brodie has had a hand in the busi ness, and the sooner I get upon his tracks the better." But it was one thing to suspect Count Brodie, it was another to prove that he was guilty. I could not, at that moment, prove to myself even what possible advan tage he had to gain, or what possible end he had to achieve by murdering Lord Ben frey. No crune is committed without a motive, and It would have to be my object to discover what motive he and Lady Bent, if she were mixed up with it, had in taking the life of a man who, as far as I knew, did them no harm, and through whose death they could not reap any benefit. I rather regretted ,that I had not been present at either of the inqueste, nor at the first hearing of the charge against Orano. I might have gathered so much by watch ing the faces and demeanor of the persons I suspected. Of course, when I first read about the business I had no inkling that I would be concerned in it. I was occupied with other important matters, and there fore paid but little attention to the Senfrey case. Now both inquests and the hearing of the charge against Luigi Orano had been adjourned until the following week. After a short consideration of the pros and cons, I decided to take up my abode at 132, James Street, Bedford Bow, for a few days at any rate. I returned to Craven Street and packed my oldest portmanteau with such articles of daily wear as I might need. Sprat looked at me mournfully as I moved about my room, and finally jumped on my little table and looked into my face inquiringli. He said as plainly as he could, " Please don't leave me here alone again." I patted him and stroked him, and he crept up to me as if he had known me ever so long. A dog's instinct is a wonderful faculty. Any decent dog knows a friend from a foe at a glance. I gave full instrucotions to Weatherby, and, taking Sprat under my arm, I jumped into a hansom, gave my portmanteanu to the man on tsp, and drove to Holborn. I think I roes greatly in Mrs Matilda Rooney's estimation when she saw me arrive in a hansom, having evidently well fee'd the cabman, for he touched his hat to me with cheerful alacrity. My portmanteau was not very heavy, but, with Sprat under one arm, I made a great show of dragging it into the hall. I had brought with me that whioh I knew to be an open sesame to the heart of ladies of the class to which Mrs Rooney belonged. I had stopped the cab at a publio-house on the road and had purchased a bottle of the best unsweetened gin. "Come in here for a moment, Mr - Mr \- what is your name " Mrs Rooney said, opening the door of the parlour, when she saw me apparently distressed by the effort of lifting about fifty pounds. "Come here and sit down a bit, and then I'I give you a 'and to take your portmanteau upstairs. Nice little dog that Is of yours." That was just what I wanted. I entered the sitting-room and sat myself down in a ricketty armchair there. Sprat Immediately took his post on the table near me, and looked at Mrs Rooney with his head cocked on one side. The lady attempted to stroke him, but Sprat wriggled out of the way. Mrs Rooney's oreath was reminiscent of onions, and Sprat evidently resented it. "My name is Grant. You'll remember it, won't you, in case of any letters coming for ms ?" I said, " Oh, to be sure I will, Mr Grant," re sponded the lady, grinning and ourtseying. '" think we shall get on very well together, Mr Grant." I inwardly expressed the hope that the pleasure might be short-lived, but I rejoined, "I sincerely hope so, Mrs Rooney. I give very little trouble, and even when I work at home you seldom hear me stir." "And what may be your business, Mr Grant!" Mrs Rooney inquired, with a per suaesive smirk. "Most of the gentlemen that live 'ere have something to do in the City. Are you in the City. Mr Grant 1" " No," I answered drily, I earn my living by spoiling paper." "What's that!" interrogated the lady. "I am a pretty fair draughtsman, and many of my sketches have been honored by publication in papers comio and serouse.," In my little book there were two or three bite of which I was very proud. I prodnced them, and showed them to the good woman. "Oh, that's it, Mr Grant," :he exclaimed. "iThat's very noe, You draw, then, And do they pay yen money for doing that sort of thing?" Mrs Roeney's orltioism of my artistio efforts was not flattering, but it was doubtS lessly sincere. "Yee," I answered, "It may be strange, hut they do pay, me for that kind of thing. It's very warm, Mrs Booney," I added; " and I'm very thirsty." I looked round the room. "You haven't a drop of -?" I asked. "Not a drop," Mrs Mooney interrupted me sharply, "If It's anything short yen mean. I now and then do take somthing, but it's on aooount of my chest and my liver, and the doctor 'e says I ought to have a droponce day at let. ButI've been so poor of late and so wo'ried, and what with my old man dead these ten years and seven ohildren to keep, and one of 'em a cripple from his birth-" I was afraid that the story of the lady's woes might be continued for some time. Therefore I produced my bottle from my coat pocket. "i 've brought this with me, Mrs Rooney," I said, "beoanse my doctor also has recommended me to take a drop now and again; and If you could find two tumblers and a drop of olean water-" "That I can," the lady replied with gasto. "I always keep clean water-filtered water-and I'll see that the bottle in your room is always filled with filtered water; and If you don't mind waiting a second or two. I'll be up again In aj Iffy." Mrs Rooney dlsappearesd and a moment or two afterwards returned with two tumb. lera and an eartheaware jg full of water, The bottle of "Old Tom" was opened., I I asked the lady to help herself, and she took a glass, and holding her broad palm in front of It, poured oat about three-fourths of its capacity of the pure spirit. Then she filled up the small remaining space with water. Ihad noticed the operation perfectly, and could not repress a grim smile. "I do hope, Mrs Rooney," I said, "that my next door neighbor is a quiet man." The lady smacked her lips, and having emptied her glass, looked with greedy eyes upon the bottle. "Oh, Mr Byrne, you meanl Well, 'e isn't a bad sort, as men go, Mr Grant," she answered. "And he's clever. if what I'm told is true. He's always inventing some thing or other, and always a saying some thing or other is to make him rich, but he never does get rich. When I go into his room to tidy it, the place is choke full of things-clockwork things, and things like looks, and all kinds of queer things." That was information to start with. Mr Byrne was a practical inventor. That was worth knowing. " Help yourself again, Mrs Booney," I said, pushing the bottle towards the lady. "Don't mind me. It's the best gin that can be bought, and it will do your chest and liver good." Mrs Booney did not require to be asked twice. She helped herself to about a gill of the raw spirit. "I've read all about your troubles since I've been here," I went on, while the lady gasped under the effect of the "liver medi cine " and fanned herself with her apron. " I went and bought the papers on purpose. That poor girl must have had a lot of trouble. Have you any idea how she came to poison herself " "None whatever," Mrs Rooney replied, in a more guttural voice than before, "as I told the coroner and as I told the jury. None whatever. I don't know no reason why the poor thing should have taken her life, and she so young and nice." "Wasn't there some love trouble P" I demanded. "Did nobody come to see her F' "Not a soul, Mr Grant, not a living human creature souL" " No man P" "No man, nor woman, nor child." " How did she come to you P Who reo immended her P" "Nobody recommended her as I know, except the respectable appearance of my 'ouse. She came here to look for lodgings, the same as you did and as anybody else might have done, and I'm only. sorry that the poor young thing came to take away that which God had given her and which she couldn't restore." Here was a new entanglement of the mystery. "I have an odd question to ask you, Mrs Rooney," I continued. "Do you know whether she smoked t" " Smoked 1" nearly screamed the lady. "That poor girl smoke ? Of course she didn't. Why should she smoke I" " I thought the room smelt of smoke," was my answer, "but I might have been mistaken." "Then you are mistaken," Mers Rooney retorted " I'm sure she never touched tobacco." Then I was right A man had been in the place, a man who smoked Turkish to bacco and who wore sunde gloves. I eventually left my " open sesame" bottle with Mrs Booney, receiving in re turn the good woman's blessings and the fervently expressed wish that I might often come and have a chat with her, to which I said " Amen "with mediocre enthusiasm. She would insist upon helping me up stairs with my portmanteau, with the re sult that I had to drag to the upper regions an additional dead weight of per haps eleven stone of alcoholic rebellious ness. Once arrived at my.room,the good lady dlisposed-horelr in ny arimchair; as if intent to remain there, vowing that it was the sweetest room in the house, and that I was the nicest and most gentlemanly. lodger she had ever had, and informing me, with tears in her eyes, of her devout wish that her old man, dead and gone these ten years, leaving her with seven children to support, etcetera, etootera, might have been with her to see how a gentleman could behave when he was a gentleman, and promising that if I wanted breakfast at any time I should have all the soft roes is the house. As Mrs rooney finally seemed inolined to fall upon my breast and to weep there, I yawned and stretched my arms, and began to unpask. Even this proved no incentive for departure, and how long she might have remained thus deponent knoweth not, had not, on a sudden, a crash somewhere in the lower regions made the good woman yell. "That's Jimmy," she said. "That's 'im who's been a cripple from his birth, that Is, He's knocked my supper into the grate, that's what he's done. I know It. Four. penn'orth of as nice tripe as ever you saw, Mr Grant; and I think it's a shame for a poor widow to be left with seven children to support, and one of them a cripple from 'is birth." I ventured upon the suggestion that if the tripe was to be saved from utter destruction by fire or flood, time would be the essence of the contract; and Mrs Rooney reluc tantly took her leave, showering upon my head more blessings than it ever oould have carried in comfort. When Mrs Rooney was gone I looked my door, and after listening for a while and discovering no sound in the chamber next to mine, I proceeded to give another glance around my newly chosen apartment. It was a lovely moonlight night, and the silver rays fell dimly through the white muslin curtains upon the dark carpet of my room. They ran in mellow, glittering lines along the carvings of my mahogany bedstead and fell upon the bed itself in an opal patch. In the shade of the wall opposite my bed stood my candle, and the deeper yellow sheen mingled ouriously with the pale light which streamed through the dingy panes. The old lace acurtains on either aide of the win dow looked to me like misty columns in the semi-gloom. I gave Sprat some water, and tried to tempt him with food. He drank greedily but I could not get him to eat more than a tiny morsel of a blscuit. I threw a rug over the foot of my bed, and arranged it so as to form a comfortable little nest for him. Iat up for a while, and by the flickering light of my candle made my entries for the day into my diary, as was my habit. All the while I kept my heart in my ears, lis toning for every step, for every voice, for every breath. But next door to me there was no sound. If the man was within he was either asleep or as watehful as a weaseL I therefore undressed myself and went to bed. I had walked a great deal during the day, and with one thing and another, though not aeonstomed to retire early, I soon fell asleep. How long I mlght have slumbered I know not, but I was awakened by Sprat's movemente onmy bed. When"I rose to an upriht position and rubbed my eyes, the moonlight was falling throungh the figured mauslin onurtains of the window, and the lase work threw little fan tastio shadows into the midst of the greenish glow. It seemed to me as if the curtains were waving quaintly, and as if there was aflutter del~oate, soundless, and graceful, among the lace. Sprat was sitting on his haunchee on my bed, staring towards the curtains, now growling, then whining, now darting towards the window, and them shrinkag back again, as in fear. "What's the matter, Sprat?" I asked, pulling the little dog towards me, while he struggled and tried to free himself, his little body trembling all the while as in a fever. Ilooked around the room, but could dis cover no cause for Sprat's unduoe excitement hut he escaped from my grasp and again darted tewards the windows and then cowered back again, whining loudly. I looked again. I could see nothing but the peculiar formless movementwhclah I had thought I had noticed, like that of a human hand waved up and down behind the our tains, diplcg the white, embroidered muslin tripe, raising them and allowing them to fall into their natural folds again. "What's up, I wonder 2" I said, looking round with uninterested surprise. "You n?st really be quiet, Sprat, Thl won't do s~tl, you know."j I stroked him and patted him. but he would not be consoled. Ha' stared as if his eyes were burstin from his head; and at last I jumIe up, cryng, " What can be the matter P Let me have a look." Sprat had followed me out of bed, and darting towards the window had jumped on the window-sill. In endeavoring to gain a foothold on the narrow aurface he brushed against one of the flower- pote that were standing there and it came down on the floor with a crash. I picked it up, and as I did so a curious sensation fastened itself upon me, as if a cold, clammy hand were touching the hand with which I gripped the earthenware. I could not for the life of me have told why, but the con tact seemed to be on me, and the moment afterwards I had to smile in spite of myself, muttering, " What a fool you must be, George I The next thing that will hap pen to you will be to believe that the ghost of this girl is haunting this room." The pot had broken into two pieces on the floor, and the flower and earth, hold ing solidly together, were lying in one of them. In the other half someting white attracted my attention. I picked it up. It was one half of a sheet of note-paper folded together, and in it was wrapped a £10-note, "Goodness gracious I" I said. "How does this come here F" I examined the half sheet of paper in the bright moonlight. A woman had written on it the words, " Deaa he think he can buy my soul for £10 ?" (To be on ninued.) 