GURRENT EVENTS. The death is reported of Mrs. Bowden, a very old resident of the Grafton distriet. Berious rioting has taken place at White Oliff in the Wilcannia district. A woman was seriously injured. A shearer named Martin Mulligan has died at Junee from injuries received by being thrown from his horse on Monday. The rabbit inspectors at Cootamundra, Dubbo, Bourke, and Cobar have reported to the Minister for Lands that the post is in. creasing. Mr. T. F. Waller has been appointed valuator to the Savings Bank of New South Wales in succession to Mr. E. J. Bievers, the new Government land valuer. A wild Queensland bullook, getting loose at Crookwell on Tuesday, created a sensation by charging several people. The animal was eventually shot by the police. Fourteen thousand caroaseos of sheep have been despatched during the week from the Riverina Frozen Meat Works at Deniliquin to Melbourne for export to London. An agitation is on foot at Milton in favour of the extension of the railway from Boma derry to Jervis Bay, and to have the port made available for shipping purposes. There is a great ontcry at present on the part of country producers for a reduction in railway rates, especially in view of the heavy importations of produce which are nowtaking place. The Sydney City Council is at last turning artistic. It has resolved to spend £3000 on an allegorical group of figures for the George street markets. The Post Office carvings will then have to take a back seat. During summer klhakee uniforms are to be worn by the Permanent Artillery. Quite an agreeable change, but our noble artilleryman in calico will present rather a drenched aspect when caught in a summer shower. Another large flour mill is to be erected. This is the direct result of the importation of wheat. The people of the interior districts will, however, hear with mixed feelings that the site of the mill is to be near Sydney. There are very few disengaged seamen in Newcastle at present, and a similar state of affairs is said to prevail in Sydney, where there are only 20 men in th' Sailors' Home, and 17 of those are said to be working on the wharvee Five burglaries are alleged to have been committed in Darby-street on Tuesday night It is evident that there is a gang at work at present in the suburbs, but the bottom is expected to be knookud out of the boom before many days are over. The proposal to increase the French fleet so as to ruin English commerce in the event of war is the lstest cheerful proposal of a section of the French people: The raco of Chauvin is evidently not extinct on the other side of the herring pond. The iguanas should return a vote of thanks to the rabbit inspector of Cobar, who recom mends that they should be protected in ordir that they may, with happy results, continue the feud against the too prolific bunnies. The Goulburn Company of Rifle Reserves has apparently given up the ghost. An order for the first drill was issued, but not a reservist attended The company evidently intend that the military authorities shall learn the virtue of a compact. A man named Moroney, residing at Mut tama, near Gundagai, whilst returning home along the Yammatree-road, was robbed of two £5-notes, seven £1-.notes, and £4 in silver by two yaoung men, on the 11th inst. The two assailants roughly handled their victim and escaped. At the meeting of the local Marine Board yesterday a communication was received acknowledging the receipt of the Board's letter with reference to the necessity of in creasing the dredging plant, and stating that the same had been forwarded to the Treasury for transmission to the Chief Engineer for Publio Works. At Stuart Town on Tuesday a firo oo ourred in the back premises of a store owned by Mr. E. West. & quantity of chaff, corn, and potatoes was destroyed and damage done to the stock in the general store owing to the drapery bei'g hurriedly removed into the street. It was discovered that the cash box had been stolen. M. Auguste Weigand, the city organist of Bydney, who recently started on a holiday in Europe, made his re-appearance in London last month, when he played three organ solos at the Queen's Hall Promenade Concerts. His selections were from Mendelssohn, Bach, and Grison, and his finle rendering of the same elicited the enthusiastio appreciation of the crowded audience. Bignor Poli, another old Australian favourite, appeared at the same concert. An entertainment was given in the Bethel on Tuesday night to the oflieers, apprentices, and seamen in port. Rev. R. M. Bowlese, seamen's chaplain for the port, occupied the chair.: A brief report of the work showed that during the recent strike the attendance dcif seamen at the Bethel averaged 556 weekly, the mission being the most successful in Australian waters. The Mizpah mid.ion boat had carried more to servine than any other in this part of the world, while the socials and concerts were most popular with all classes of seamen. A programme of 16 items gave general satisfaction. The business at the Hamilton Council last evening revealed the information that a warrant had been issued against one Philip Jones for ignoring an order of the Court on the 11th inst, whereby a fine of £2 and costs was imposed for allowing an unauthorised closet receptacle to overflow and becomo a nuisance. The notion was instituted under the inspector's department, and in the in terest of the publio health. The foregoing is but another instance where householdero, ignoring the sanitary bylaws and in defianoe of repeated warnings, the inspectora .of nuisances have to go to extremes for the safe guarding of the healthe of those so offending and the health conditions of the general pnblia. Maggie Moore will oppear as Trilby O'Ferrall at the Victoria Theatre this even ing. Miss Moore is supported by an excep tionally strong company. At a meeting of the cyclists held last even ing, it was decided to hold a race meeting in Newocastle on January 16th, when over £70 will be distributed in prizes. The committee of Tattersall's Club have arranged with Mr. C. Webber to provide afternoon tea for the ladies who have been invited to the race meeting on Saturday. English shipbuilders will hail with joy the intimation that Russia has decided upon sponding the Equivalent of £80,000,000 sterling within the next 10 years, in inoreans ing her army. Some important alterations will be made in the running of trains to and from Newcastle on and after slet January, when the Brisbane mail is expeoted to be running in at 7.20 a.m. instead 7.20 p m., as at present. A vigorous campaign has been commenced by the Labour party at Sunderland in favour of munieipalising the tramways in the borough, and the matter is being made a test question at the forthcoming municipal elections. At a meeting of ratepayers held at the Oriental Hotel, Cook's Hill, last evoning, it was decided to petition the Board of Health with reference to the dangeronely insanitary condition of the Pardy-street swamp, which empties into Cottage Creek. A sad fatality occurred yesterday to a lad named William Goodchild, who was killed by falling while acting "Blondin " on the rail of the iron fence surrounding the Cook's Hill Public SBohool. At the inquest a verdict of accidental death was recorded. The Governor has been notified by the Secretary of State for the Colonies that the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Princi palities of Monaco, and Montenegro, and the Kingdom of Norway have acceded to the International Copyright Convention of September 9, 1886. Two rival ferrymen had arranged to settle their little differences at the Police Court yesterday, but the solicitors engaged in the case succeeded in bringing the parties to. gether, and the case was steuck out, the defendant promising not to interfere with the complainant again. The London County Council approve of cookery classes for girls, but draw the line at cooking accounts The works department of that bhdy is accused of faking their accounts in order to hide the cost of certain works. There has been a tendency to lump results, without going minutely into details. Since Parliament voted £20,000 for con necting Newcastle, Maitland, and Bathurst by telephone with Sydney an advertisement is said to have appeared in the Govermnent Gazette calling for tenders for 3000 poles, to be laid between here and Sydney. This looks as if the proposal is to become an assured fact sooner or later. " A ¼oz of carbonated ammonia dissolved in Goa of water, three tablespoonfuls a day," is the safeguard against typhoid among the people in the western colony. Cottage Creek residents should make a note of this recipe, and as typhoid does not confine its ravages to the filth-spot of its birth, the recipe may well be given more extended attention. A New Woman traversing the main thoroughfare on a bike in the "rational" costume, embracing bloomers, gaiters, and tunic, would not have created a greater sen sation than did the city engineer when pedalling along for the first time on the off cial corporation bike, over the purchase of which so much acrimonious Idiscussion has taken place in the civic forum. The inspector at the Hamilton Council meeting last evening asked: "'What about the Publie Health Bill?" The Mayor: " Well, it has not come along yet " Our well- paid legislators, who are boasting of having topped the record during the last session in the passing of bills, having gone into recess of long holidays, seem to have left the over-taxed inspectors to administer the clauses of the bill referred to without know ledge of them. Robert Trueman, the ex-Newcastle book maker, for whom a warrant was taken out a few days ago on a charge of fraudulently appropriating the sum of 2s 6d, the property of M. J. Moroney, president of Newaoostle Tattersall's Club, was arrested in Sydney yesterday, and when brought before the Central Police Court he was remanded to Newcastle. Ihe accused reached.Newcastle last evening, and he will appear at the Police Court this morning. A sum of £50 is required to complete the erection of the Fletcher statue, £22 being due to M;r. G. P. Lock, monumental mason, for the balance of his contract of £495, and £50 extro is required to provide the necessary foundation, which is not part of Alderman Lock's contract. Mr. J. J. Callaghan, as treasurer of the committee, holds a ocheque from Mr. Alex. Brown, M.L C, which, however, can only be used in "final pay ment" of all liabilities attaching to the erection of the statue. The committee would like to see the £50 subscribed so that the statue could be erected in March next, the sixth anniversary of IMr. Fletcher's death. A labouror named Wm Willinms was be fore the Court yesterday on two charges- one for assaulting Mr. J T. Collins, and the other for resisting Constable Turnbull in the execution of his duty. The evidence of Mr. Collins went to show that Williams called at his house the previous day and demanded something to eat, at the same time making use of some filthy language He was not supplied with any food, and he there and then seized hold of Mr. Collins, tore the sleeve out of his shirt, and otherwise knocked him about. Upon being asked for an ex planation of his blackguardly conduct, Wil liams merely replied that he was drunk, and that he had no recollection of the occurrence. The Police MIagistrate fined him £5, in de fault three months in gaol. A communication from the secretary of Tattersall's Club read at the Hamilton Coun oil meeting last night, in which a request was made for the services of the inspector to act in conjunction with the city inspector in regulating the traffic to the recoconrse from the Hamilton direction on Saturday next, resulted in some comment among the alder moen, who thought that it would be as well to lot organisers of outdoor money-making demonstrations know that inspectors of coun oils were paid from the ratepayers' money, and to acquiesce in a request for their ser vices when their services were required in attending to their duties in connection with their office, would be a concession that the ratopayers, who received no benefit from tournaments and race meetings, would scarcely tolerate. The statement made by the inspector of the treatment he had re ceived, whilst denying himself his holiday, when rendering his services in a similar way, on the 9th instant, caused the council to be firmer in its detormination not to accede to the request. The League of Wheolmen's excursion to Tomago will leave the Market Wharf this eovening sit 7.30 o'clock, and a band has been engaged for the occasion. The commi'tee of the Educational Tourna ment to be held in aid of the Lambton Mechanios' Institute, are advertising further important additions to their programme in to-day's issue. From Messrs. Gordon and Gotch, Sydney, we have received a copy of the second num ber of the "Grand Tivoli Variety Album," containing many of the songs which have been made popular by members of the Tivoli Company. The publication is an oxoellent one, and will doubtless prove as suaccessful as its predecessor The same firm also send "The Last Farewell," arranged by Robert Loekhoad and John J. Naughton. This song has been favourably received by the public. 