THE CRITIC. t j . . . ?? . ? ? i bi-vet#w Gntie's r»spe? ,x *'? Ornoteuuinoved his iaentioii iti the Cfitio'spi^? Fua&e; his eirora to itfe public eye, And Mother Graady^ rape defy ?' Queensland, as a self-governing portion of the empire, is 37 years old. Iu 1894-5 the land under cultivation in | New Zealand reached 10,215,126 acres, j The Federal Council has been sum- , moned to meet at Hobart on January 26 next. The St. Petersburg press say that an entente cordiale with Great Britain is much to be desired. Truth hereby endows Queensland with a new name at this happy Chrismas cum-federation time. Kaij.i-Nala.nd be thou called. '.The 'Daily Telegraph' cautions Mr R'oid that he is too receut a convert to the cause of Federation to warrant him, playing any tricks -with it. The average wage paid to the cotton operatives in Shanghai is about 20 to 34 cents, silver (10» to 18 cents gold) five petite to ninepence per day ! Premier Seddon, of New Zealand, favors a system of intercolonial re ciprocity instead of Federation. He says it is more easy of achievement. Horace Greely once said that it was not true that every Democrat was a horse-thief, but it was undoubtedly a fact that every horse-thief was a Demo crat. Mr Reid now thinks it would be more diplomatic for New South Wales to join the Federal Council than to enter into Federation' -without the support of Queensland. The Orient liner, Orotava, has sunk in the Thames, off Tilbury, in manner similar to that in which the Austral sank in Neutral Bay — and, again, five lives Iiom ItAan Inet _ . A pious policeman of Peak Hill has i revived -an obsolete Act of the First Jgharles, and has summoned some 28 i5^£TSliewi^? 'for 'playmgr crieket 'on tlie'Lord's Day. ' * . V 'is . %* 'H^h^ow. mttQh ;factory'reia- ' ployees'to the number of ' 3,500, reoo^ on a average 150 cash, or 15 cents, silver, j per day ; -.that is, olily 8 cents, gold ; 4-d a day in British currency ! / The Black Death, otherwise the Bom bay bubonic plague has reached London Will- ex- RepuUican Dibbs wave ^is battered old political hat for. the Japanese mail, steamers' no W ? The national proverb of 'Spain is said 'to be *Fiate de la Virgin g no corras,'— 'trji'st ' in the Virgin and. don't run.' 'Spanish Ministers of State are. said to he always ^acting up to this proverb. China to-day is the greatest riddle°of all nations. Great bodies may move -slowly, but the avalanche and the tidal wave show that they can 'move rapidly and irresistibly— China will yet move. The first agricultural experiment station in the world was established in 1851, at Moecke'rn, near . Leipsic,: Germany. Connecticut established the .first, experi ment - station in - the. United States in 1875. Buzfuz Scrooge Reid, who.jaunts.a lot' at the' public; expense, i 'met in '.Xjuiaiu^ land Nelson an equal. Reid a' petti - foggihglawyer, and the other a;garden- rake variety of farmer. , Matched, indeed'.!' , . ;c The Comptroller-General of the Cur rency of the United States says WhateTer doubt the publib maV hare at 'first ' entertained as to the Talne of ft.n&tiofi;&l; bxuk uote ' has long eluce passed away. ' Its interest in that ' question has given way to solicitude for the safety ? of the depositor. The only justification of martial law is the danger to which the country is exposed, and . as far as the positive danger extends, so far extends the justi fication. Briedy.the only 'justification is absolute necessity. Acetylene gas'is being. *b6ffimed far cill , p^,ais.:^ortL AtT^eriin aamventoriset s^out devising some iaeaiis for reducing She danger of explosion— that inventor and three workmen -'are now experiment ing; in: another world. V. The education '.to ' be given a young tiuin fr6m a firtn' should be sttch that he . will be able to go back to the farm fitted' to take up. the actual work of the farm from the standpoint of an. enlightened, educated, scientific workman. The Christmas' Number of-the 'Bulle ?tin' is distiictly gpo'd. ' Of '-.the' 'tales, '.Clihched/ and' 'Anotfcer^TriarVstruok I iny-erui;tap. fancy ;' while /.'Thftt'^'Qiiiet l Hack of. Young Sliprail's,' a partoonlet, ' was particulaady raey of the soil, v* Of .theififty-^ix: signers of the Deblara-: tibn-. of In-ie{Mndence, forty-two had. 'a libeiral «ducation- '-Three, members, of the' committee of five appointed to dra±t ge Declaration-^-Jefferson, Adams, and vinestone — were college -bred. At least thirty-five of the fifty-five mien who composed tne v. a. - uonvennon or i/t-'/, which framed the U.S.. Constitution, had had the advantage of a classical educa tion. Of -the U.S. Presidents, fifteen have been college - graduates; and thir teen of the Vice-Presidents. ' In Colorado, _ U teh and .Wyoming, women are permitted to. cast their votes for members of the House of liepresenta tives and for Presidential Electors. In San8as they «re bnly allowed to vote in jawucipal electionsi H'ow York £t«te S ' denied suffrage to women by a vote of two to one. There was a ' very largely attended Protectionist 'demonstration ' it the Paddington Town Hall last Tuesday evening, When addre'ssess were delivered by Messrs W. J. Lyne, iL E. O'Connor and John Sec. A resolution adverse to the Ministerial policy was carried unanimously. ' At the immense sugar refineries of Hong-Kong, second only in size and out put to those of the Sugar Trust in America, thousands of ' Chinese are em ployed. This sugar supplies the Orien tal market and its surplus will come here directly the su^ar duties are removed. Ploreat Freetrade ! ' Literature is the power to make men and women think, hope and achieve ; the power to make tyrants tremble and unseat false judges in authority; the p.ower to strip hypocrisy of its seeming fail- .disguise, and to brgnd liars with their name writ large for all the world to .see.' — Makie Cobelli. 'The election of McKinley will settle many things. It will char the air; it will be the beginning of a new era in the development of the country. The night mare of anarchy, Populism, and Socialism will have been banished, and will not return to trouble our sleep in the future.' Sensator Piatt, U.S. of A. William Morris, who died but the other day, was termed the poet of Socialism. Here is one of his verses Dreamer of dreint, tooth, out of my dne time, Why should I strive to set the crooked straight ? Let it .suffice me that my munnnring rhyme Beats with light wing against the irorj gate, Tel«iue« talc not too importunate To those who in the 6lecpy region stay, Lulled by the singer of an enpty day. Will the tram authorities explain why crowded cable cars should be further crowded with gangs of sweaty rail sc'rapers with their tools and oil-cans ? Five big smelly scions of this stamp, who often crowd on one tram, drive numbers of ladies away. The latter pay their fares, but the rail-scraper goes free. , Tho net emigration to West Australia I from the whole of Eastern Australasia was as follows in the last six and three i quarter ''years : — 786 in 1890, 1960 ip. !. 1891, 17Uin -1893, 2255- inrl-898,10,145 in is-'v*. ll,227, in 1895? and 21,328 in the fivsc fiintjmonths of 1896 ; the total dur ! hlg'tne whole pericjj. having been 49,315. ' D6es the ' Evening News ' intend this tending from - Monday's paper as a joite : — THE MOUNTAIN MUEDERS. Sea Near Passes. The Countet Scoubed. It ivouldtake all the salt in the -sea to sconr Parkes. . After this general election in England, a member was unseated- on the 'sole ground that a trifling sum had been paid without his knowledge for a single rail way fare ; and a candidate on the other side was unseated because a few shillings' had been paid, also withoilt his know ledge, for the bait of a horse that had brought in some voters. One - of Byron's epitaphs on Castle ? reagk With death doomed to grapple Ben&ith; this cold slab, he Whp lied in the Ohapel Now lies ia the Abbey. Ckstlereagfc used to speak in St Stephen's GhapeJ, \VJefitmiiister, and was buried in :W estimates , Abbey. One of the planks adopted by the Repiibjic&n; National Convention ofv St Lonisf June, 1896, was as follows : — * T^efeiepnbjican party is mindful of the rights ^nd interedt««f womeu. Protection of American \- industries inclhdes'equal opportunities, equal pay for eqo^ work; and protection to the home. Wo k Caror the'adi^uion 'of women to wider spheres of . ufiefrdnen, ind welcome their cooperation in rescuing the country from Democratio and Fopu list miwrnaingemopt and mlarule. \- : Bullo ? Thargomindah _ Leahey, . wh palled in with -Buzfuz Reid on the farcia Federation journey back from Brisbane was, at one time, supposed to be, like Fabian Society Bell, a strong democrat, - and an ' out-and-out Labor supporter. J ifellaud'-he are now henchmen -of the Fat Man -Leperland Government, and down the1 workingman whenever- the op^ortupijy oilers. ? . , 'jfctSDKING FOBWABD. ' ^lulhankfgiring Lament.) ' The pumpkin yellows on the vice, .. The gr&pegrows; purple forthe wine, . i JUidJiearir flrawa the festal day ; Ye feathered fowl, ye gobblers gay, ~ Your time is short ! \- Thf'ftggot Oracklesoriipanddry, The oven hums, the steam rolls high, So cac)cle, cadclo, gobb\ey crow ! , Take np the dirge, 'Ory woe I cry woe t Your time is short 1 It is pointed out in the London press; which is now beginning to regard West Australian investments critically, that in the .-last two years afld'.nine months the British public have been offered the opportunity to invest £66,261,787 in mining ventures in that colony. On the other hand, the exports , of, gold f from West Australia during the same period only amounted' to £2.401,789. A well-known yeang benediot in' Sydney arrived home tho ether night with about as many sheets in the wind as he could possibly shake. The levey-devey was waiting for him on the doerstep. One glance, and — then the trouble. ' Oh Charley, you're intoxioated,' .she Bald. 4 'Toxicatedl am I (hie) my dear? Well, if I'm 'toxica ted, than yen should shee Wally and Mac (bio) — they're 'bliviened.' The great unwashed ef Grahams to wn- South ^Africa, enjoy themselvei. aftojr this fashion : — 'Every Saturday ^aftenjietMtt the! oity station presents a sight werth seeing. Old men, mashers, sprightly maidens,' anoient geezers, ana tne smaller kii)ds ef JiBsuuu^r mj m imi BtroggUogtoriHt* in the train. Their , luggage oonsists ef horse towels sad bars of blue mottled doap.' But w'.iy .' horse towels,' and again, why soap? The 'Daily linotype' 'Kilt* a race run at Bosehill on December 12. This is how it appeared in Monday's issue mtsT Kt-nsEKi- hakuicai', so sore. For twoyear olds. Fire furlongs. 'A Trerelran's Kilt, by LOelilel— Mantilla, 84 (J Barren) ? 1 ' A JrerelyaQV Kilt, by L?cbiel — Mantilla, 8-4 (P Harris) ? .. -.2 SHordern's Uirelia, by Xordenfeldt — Miriam, 8-4 (EOleal) ? ' .. S The winner, The Tola, however took the oof. Can this be the lion we heard so much about a month or two age? 'A contemporary - reports a somewhat singular animal '' was captured alive the other day, near Wiseman's Ferry, by Messrs D and A Books.... It is somewhat like a native .bear, ..but .a bout. .four times the size, has short, coarse hair, and is of a brown, almost black -colour.' It was captured in a' bave. and h'4s siitte been in a very quiet, 'sleepy condition.' Is it the long-looked-for bunyip»-™or what? ' We admire' the'iuagpie. That inquisi tive manner, with ] whi.oh it .quizes one, smacks ss.niuch of. what. the tanimal' on twe legs and without a tail, is apt to do. We — Tbtjth scribblers are all of the sterner sex — demand to know why all the kudos falls on this evidently new-female magpie in the following clipping:— A tame magpie, belonging to a well known resident ef Candletewn, lately built a nest, and laid three eggs, all ef whioh it hatched. On ene of the young birds dying, the old bird showed its intelligence by taking it away and burying it! In the United States woman suffrage is claimed under tho 14th Article of the Constitution, which runs : — All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subjeot to the jurisdiction thereof, are | citisens of the United States, and of the (State j wherein they reside ' The 15th Amendment of the Constitution reads thus ? The right: ot citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United States, or by any State, oa account of race, color, or previous condition of eerritude.' It is, therefore, difficult to see how any State in the Union oan deny Woman' suffrage. ,J *,v* ' N , Under jthe Land and Income Assess-' ment Act- thfe ~ 'Government pur chased the -Cheviot Estate, ' comprising 84,000acres, for £260.220. .The result is thus described in the Christinas Number of the Canterbury Times Four yean ago twelve square miles of country' with a population of three, or four families and a . few station hands, whereas to«day the -and gives the necessaries of life to orer a thousand pcop.c. Three hundred homes instead of : three or four! Are yon listening, Mr Car-, ru tilers ? What about th^t Land for Closer Settlement Bill fluhg aside to placate the 'S.M. Herald? ' Minister for Works .Young, inspect ing the East Wy along Public School, trotted out the well-worn platitude about some of the boys 'may yet become Ministers of the Crown.' On this sub ject the 'Daily Telegraph's* special reporter says that he might have gone further and. held out the tempting pros pect of one of the bovs becoming Presi dent of Australia, only, if all the news papers and all the public men of the province are so crawlsome as the ' D.T.' and Mr Young, such an ambition could never be realised — the .highest billets in. Australia are to remain an appanage of the British Ministry. . BOOTH AND THE BIKE. Let the tambourine sound over Austral's deep .sea, . xue peopie wiu soon irum voe jjstu pe iree. For Booth has decided a inarch h« will steal And out-do the Devil by riding a wheal. He's determined that soon a great change shall be made . » In the shape of a salvation cycle brigade ; While a lov£ly and very brasst-and wilV&spixe; To do service for God on a pneumatic tyre. Oh, ye gods and small fishes 1 Imagine the scene ' Till the soalin your body with envy grows green ; What sort of hell upon shall we strike, When these slop-cut fanatics begin with the bike. Then shout ' Hallenjah,' shout drinks for the crowd, Won't sister Uary, our captain, feel proud When on Sunday she goes for a spin round the Ohaif, In blood and fire bloomers to match her red hair. ' Jay Bell. If we could but see ourselves as others see us ! To read Mr Eeid's description of the altitude * adopted by the Queen^ l&nE; {roviiriiment towaras 'iTie %t£or' Party, one would imagine he was read ing ^some comments made by the Premier of some other oology , gn Ms Soil's Government!:-— ' I m rather disappointed to . find a GoTernment depending so inuch upon the attitude of the Labor Party. . It became quite clear to me that If the Labor. Party had given an assurance that they would notpiettaet the debate if a short bill were introduced the Government would ' have im mediately introduced a bill. In other words, the key of the situation war held by the Labor Party. I do not know whether this is a very dignified position for a Government te be in, nor d* I know whether Queensland should hare aUowed herself to be s. easily diverted from what was a veritable compact *o go to into the convention; The following is . extracted fjrom Mr. Till s cross-examination of a lady mem ier of the London Vigilanoe Society, rho gave evidence before .the 'Licensing committee- of the London Council -:— The'.Jahjmy. Jones' tdng,. what was there objec tionable in it ?— I ssy the mention of the work mother was doing was indecent ' What, the mention cf .the baby's clothes ?— Tea when it wat put in that way, Wat'thete anything more indecent than Qiat ?-- Ithink I«dy Ifansel asong was indeoeat. \- What vastest indecent?— I say it.was indecent to refer to a girl falling and bursting her tights, and sayingshe was tot able to sar what she saw. What did Mr Knowlea say that 'ahocked 'yon most?— Be said that a Woman when getting into -bed looked n*der to see if there waaa then, ' but when a-man got into bed he did .not, because he, would not mind if there Were thirty woman there— that' hie would be rather pleated '- otherwise. ? That is what you eall obsceaeT-^ I should.' 3%at is the character of the thing -whioh you would describe as of an obtoene character V— Yes: that ia what I object to. Id yonir experience do women look under the bed before getting in to sec if anybody inhere?— XoB' 1 doreurself perhaps?— I do not /* aouitsortataU?— Ho, i Tbuih possesses. a champion stake ^'a reporter, but that expert, dropping a|ros3 mE the followmg in a Transvaal paper, i quietly resigns the biscuit to whaSt ho 3S terms ' his bacchanalian friend in foceign %, r - parts': — 'A wonderful phenomena 'was * £f| , witnessed at the Inanda Fall's (Natal) i by aiparty of ladies and a large number ' y of natives. A cry was raised of -'limpt^-^^^p^ --j. snakk' and on looking into the pool two ? large lights were seen equal to tmrty-two - Vim ? caudle electric power. Presently in- \ i-feaY ' numenble small lights appeared, . and the ei&ct; was almost too dazzling fof the eyes. So brilliant was the (pool that the natives called it ' lamp-snake - by .; reason ofctwo large lights. . The body of 4, a snake nVs seen moving about in the pool afterwards, and it assumed all the colors of tne rainbow. The scene lasted about au aour, and is confirmed by ' ||K| 'lm. several creoible witnesses. Only one! native in theWicinity was known to have seen the snake before in the same place.' %j FEED-OBATION. If the theme of Feieraiiou causes yotia strong elation And you want toahow your due appreciation of thd ? Like Don Quizoto in the story, you go forth to blood - j and glory, ; But return a fool and humhled from the humblef If you take a trip, and mention that you've come from L X sorae-Otfaveution, ,f ; ' And you go in by the front door, and they kick yoii- 'fp' .-.f - outthefcaek; |B -;T As well as yov ore able, draw your biugcy sp. unstable : . 'To attention 1 ' and invent a votcr'H *Tozerjon the -f5P. '? jBarney back. Eay they gave yon some such promise— well, like 'igSF ' ' TottC gave to Thomas, 7 Or Thomas gave to Tozcr, or ToMt gave to you ; - Just please take tho suub politely end the kick behind ? j as lightly, *' fly ^ And^ddn't turn the rainbow cd^ors U yon feel a little AgL ^ And when y«u remimber slowly. God-fearing, high . ? v - 1' and lowly, IWJ. ] f. That the public are incensed at the little trip, and / JL The result ; now Beid it Willie, you are not a little . g But politically a dead man, killed Wn the railway ? ®|; 1 / — tA'- Bxilb. W '?Tozer': Equivalent in Leperland to tlio w^A 'III.* Ip THE BALLAD OF THE BABUSEfiSA. jffK / | The Wise Men on their jduj^iey-. J find the Christ called on the Batiushk^ lpr ^ to accompany them. 'I cazmofc ?$*; ?' she 1 answered, 'till -I have swep^tny^- ^ house'; and the caraVan went on 4|| out her. A little later the' followed, but was unable.to overtake 'tt® Magi. Since that day she has wander-&' - ^ -'A pn for ever, vainly sebkirig jthe - ^ -:hild. For His. sake, anH 'for the hojje . that it may be tte, ev^ry young child is W dear to her. The Babushka is die Santa * f Glaus of Russia. \f When she meets a twelvemonth child, K W. . ? -- .She looks in luigering doubt, . — ^ Within her eyne a lamp doth shine, ' ; And slowly buxheth out. . . She kisseth it with running tears; '? j She sighs, a soul perplext ; j . 'This U not He,' then murmureth she, - - ' ./jlpi w&\-- J * But it will be the next.' ? « ? ' And so she drifts adown the years, : A ghost with questiug eyes; . f,\ % While faint beils babble on ber ears, / 1 And swimming stars arise. »L . .S ' ' And so dhe. blows about the world, l ' |fe 4 . ^ A foamflake on the blast, .. ' 't Till she doth sight Christ's window bright, ^ J v And kiss His feet at lost Up at Narrabri t'other day an enquiry was neia oy xue local xiana ooara as tne :pif; ?? jsa bona-jides of a selector. The selector i.'-JpPi 8 gave evidence, and so did the general . |§/' S manager of the .Namoi Pastoral Com- ' '-'W' m pany and the Australasian Mortgage and '}1 - ® Agency Company. This witness admitted j| | that tne object of the company was to ']| f * acquire the land by allowing the selector M. A'-' to get' as deep as possible into *' :'fii debt, ' and said that as far . as ?;,§ probable they would the® sell' «' -4| their interest to the Namoi Pastoral -. i: Company, the owners of Edgeroi station. 'S ' This witness was subjected to some M , .;'i3g severe remarks by the chairman, who % ''SS said the company was trying to get the » selector into its clutches. Mr Cuniting- 1'; ham resented the word ' clutches ' being used towards the A M and A Company. . Is' The chairman warmly retorted that fhe ? S witness' evidence showed that he - .' if admitted that it was the case. The J||— chairman, addressing the selector, wj' '± advised him to get out of the ' clutches ' of the company as Boon as he could. ili| Evidently the country Land Boards are - r'TRp covers lit.' ? E 'Yesterday (Saturday, October 31) ,ed 140,000 ? business men, wearing that embleni).pt rwpectabilityi the tall hat, marched through the principal streets of ...wSh'' ' New York chanting the political refrains and shouting the -war cry of McKinley.' —-Press Correspondent.] **' ? ' Here is the political refrain % Yon may be a scheming villain of oommerciat grimes . j|H|^ -'~ And ? crucify your fellow, man upon a oross of gold ' ; ' Fear not, commercial juggler— no evil will befaUi' ' No maudare doubt your honesty— the top hat cortfs Yon may hold the fate of millions in the hollow ot if®Band And 'fe-a deal' that sends a thrill ef anguish through 'wjimJStPJ1 Create * a ioare in stocks,' then buy when, with a cras^ No nun will^dare to call yclu ' fraud'— the tell- hat You may 'boom.', a worthless 'holding,' and, when 5^ietOr 10^^ : you've boom'd it, ' tell .aSBeLSa It's ' each man for himself and let the others What matter if from-ruin'd homes ten thousand bank. rnptsoall? 'You've 'kept within -he bounds '—besides, the tall hat covers alll . ' ISSfflii'iB By dint e/1 rings' and-'cornera ' you may total up With togus balanoe sheets, and suaf, and tables fef ' Prospeotnses, stnfTd full -of ilea,' and mining state . ments 'tall.' . What matters it ? tbegftme is^^ut '— the tonnat covers all I ' ; - ? , v . *. ff Tho* you bail of old.from' Tammany,' tbo'corfjptian l; fr(im jrou ooie Like tear-draps from^ttr drunkard's eyes when overt . ' Charged mthnooie, ' ' Yon may spend tl« *e«k'W Woli-strcet, scooping up ' . yonr blood-stained haul, Tbea go to oborah «B fintdaj— thf tall hat covers aU| J asuQaux, ' ? 