Beautiful Miss Armadale. By Mrs. W. H. PALMER. CHAPTER 1. Victor Forsyth and Alan Craig were greeting each other with restrained but unmistakable satisfaction on the plat- form of the little station at Indian Beach." "Hello, old man!" "How are you, Craig?" "First rate. John will take your traps. I suppose you'd rather walk—to stretch your legs?" "By all means." The traveler handed his well worn valise, his overcoat, checks, umbrella and cane to the servant, and the two young men started onward at a swinging pace. It was a late August day—warm and still. Just as they left the station steps a village cart containing a couple of ladies came whirling along the sandy road. The horse wore a gold plated harness, and the ladies' toilets gave an impression of elegance which was shared by even the slim, straight whip decorated with a narrow streamer of pale blue ribbon. The occupants of the cart bowed graciously to Craig in spite of their apparent haste to reach the station. The young man lifted his straw hat, and his friend of course performed the same ceremony. "Who are they?" he asked as one of the two alighted and entered the telegraph office. "Lucille Eliot and her friend," was the answer. "Mighty good looking girls," was the careless remark of Forsyth as he and his host struck across the sandy highway toward the beach, against which the summer sea broke in slow, caressing ripples. "Yes," was the thoughtful rejoinder; "they seem between them to unite most of the attractions of womankind. One or the other might suit even you, For- syth—unless," with a quick glance, "you have left your heart in Germany with some of those placid frauleins." "No," said Forsyth in an indifferent way. "I've seen very little of ladies' Society these past three years." He lifted his hat as he spoke and faced the cool salt air and the shining sea with tired traveler's weary satisfaction. "You never were oversentimental about girls," laughed Craig, "even in our sophomore days. I doubt if you've ever been genuinely in love." "No, and I never shall be—but once— and the time hasn't come yet," was the rejoinder. The two young men were near the same height and weight, but had no other point of resemblance. Victor Forsyth was dark, intellectual, refined looking. He had gray eyes, never intended —though they were handsome eyes—for indiscriminate service in lovemaking. He wore his full dark beard in German fashion, and the white hand with which he chanced to stroke it as he gazed off over the shining sea was a hand for gesture, for persuasion or command—a hand which had soul in its nervous lines. Craig was handsomer in a more com- monplace way. His older sisters had dubbed him a "girl runner" at fifteen. He was the "masher" par excellence of his college class. At twenty-five he was still so fascinating with his elegant figure, his large blue eyes and exquisite golden mustache that his pert little Cousin Clare had declared only that morning that any girl who married Alan might expect to share him with womankind in general, adding that for her part she believed in monopoly in the marriage contract. All of which meant that Clare in her way was also in love with her cousin. Craig and Forsyth walked slowly along the beach. They had been great chums, and they did not dream that the three years of separation which had followed their graduation from college had brought any changes which could affect their friendship. Nothing indeed could do that unless it was a love affair. It was perhaps the consciousness of this which caused Craig's abrupt question concerning the state of Forsyth's affec- tions. "This is a sort of lotus land, Alan," was the newcomer's remark presently. " 'Blank ocean and mere sky'—-that is what I've been longing for. I am wearied out with people and things. How I shall enjoy this emptiness—with you!" A quizzical smile crossed Craig's face, "Well, certainly we are not crowded here at the beach. But I suspect you'll have to admit a good deal besides 'blank ocean and mere sky' into your life during the next month or so—duck shooting, for instance." "Have you a houseful of company?" Forsyth inquired, with a sort of dismay. "Well, my married sisters' friends keep coming and going, and my Cousin Clare—you remember her?—she is the Miss Craig now, and a more terrible child at eighteen than she was at fifteen. But the worst of it is, Victor," added Alan, with sudden seriousness, "you and I are the only men in the family, and we can't expect much time off duty." "Then society has even invaded the lonely strip of coatst?" was the mournful comment. ''Bless me, man, how else came the railroad and telegraph, and the villas, and the lawns and—Lucille Eliot and her friend!" "Yes, I might have known." "But it is good society. Comfort your- self with that. Miss Eliot is beautiful, rich, rather serious in style. And her friend, Hope Armadale"— "Does language fail to describe her?" asked Forsyth with quiet irony as Craig paused abruptly in his description. "Yes, it does—that is, any language I can command. She is very fascinating." "Ah, so? Alan Craig's hour has struck then?" "You and I won't joke on the subject, Victor. I—I—don't think I've a ghost of a chance with Miss Armadale. Every man at the beach is more or less in love with her." "And she?" "Wait until you see her. She is to dine with us this evening." "Got up in your honor, my philos- opher. But here is Craig cottage," turning toward the spacious Queen Anne villa that stood in dull red outlines against the gray sky, with clumps of blue hydrangeas massed in the center of the smooth green lawn. "It is scarcely five o'clock", he added, "and I propose to smuggle you into your quarters and leave you alone until seven." "Thanks," said Forsyth, adding. "I little knew into what a vortex I was plunging. It is fortunate that I have a dress suit." "The 'vortex' will do you good," was the reply. "In a month those two sig- nificant lines between your eyebrows will have disappeared. No, no, Victor; it is too soon for us to begin to grow old." Forsyth found himself established in a chamber overlooking the sea, with dressing room attached. His cases had been opened and toilet articles arranged, his steamer trunk unpacked, the contents placed in the wardrobe with sooth- ing dexterity by an accomplished valet, and an hour remained to him before he must dress. He had not taken this wearisome jour- ney for the sake of studying dinner cards and doing the agreeable to this next neigh- bor. He felt bored in advance, and spent the time wondering how he could contrive to cut short his visit. And as he sat by the open window listening to the beat of the waves against the rocks he could hear from time to time in the in- tervening silence the thud of a tennis racket, a succession of rapid soprano ex- clamations and baritone protests, and finally the laughter of the chorus. "For heaven's sake," he muttered, "is this same sort of thing going on still? Has Alan kept at it steadily for the three past years?" By and by silence fell. The tennis players had dispersed. It was half an hour before dinner. Promptly at seven Craig tapped at his friend's door, and they went together through the winding corridors, down the broad stairs. The fading summer daylight mingled with the soft glow of shaded lamps, and the damp salt air made the scent of burning pine knots grateful. "What are you going to do with me?" Forsyth asked. "You will see. My sister is only waiting our appearance to give the signal for dinner." Mrs. Macy, a handsome blond, like her brother Alan, held out a cordial hand sparkling with costly rings. "Welcome home and to Craig cottage, Mr. Forsyth." "How do? I shall examine you later," from Clare Craig, extending one finger tip as she glanced with big black eyes over her bare shoulders and returned to her companion's story. "Miss Eliot, permit me—Mr. Forsyth." Forsyth found himself bowing silently for the third time, with the oppressive sense of the necessity of pulling himself together and doing the agreeable. Miss Eliot ceased moving her fan. She wore a contented smile, as though life on the whole was a very pleasant affair, while in her large blue eyes was a latent wonder as to whether there might not be in existence jsome possibilities not compassed by dinners ana drives and sails and calls. The dinner signal was given, and Forsyth and Miss Eliot were drifting to their places among the sixteen others who assembled around the table with the centerpiece of ferns, the branching silver candlesticks, the thin stemmed glasses, and over all the becoming rose colored light. Of course, as the soup in the royal Worcester plates and the ices in the cut glass cups came and went, they talked about Indian Beach, and then about Berlin, about undertows and thronerooms, all in the subdued way of people who are bound to keep up this sort of thing, as the resigned dog keeps up the tread upon the platform which is attached to the churn. Suddenly—Forsyth had really become a little interested in his conversation, Miss Eliot was so calm, so unaffected, so intelligent —- suddenly, therefore, warming somewhat in his own talk, he sat upright and glanced, as he was speaking, down the table. Craig sat at the end, and on his left was a lady upon whom Victor Forsyth's intense eyes rested for a moment—just a moment, from which his whole after life bore the impression, as flesh bears a scar. The lady was leaning forward speaking to some one opposite. Being on the same side with Forsyth, it was her side face that he saw. She had the low Greek brow, but no straight Greek line from eyes to chin had ever the seduction that lurked in this slight inward curving profile, the delicate, spirited nostrils, the babyish mouth, the protruding chin, the swelling throat, the bare shoulders. Her dress was of the simplest—soft creamy silk gathered about her form as if to merely drape it. She wore no jewels or ornaments; her dark brown hair was twisted to conform to the shape of her head, a fringy ring or two straying upon her forehead, curling against the white nape of her neck. As she ceased speaking she moved backward out of range of Forsyth's fas- cinating eyes. He recovered himself, as if a mesmeric influence had suddenly been removed. "The young lady who was driving with you this afternoon is at the table, I think," he stammered. "Miss Armadale—yes, she is here. She is my guest this summer," returned Miss Eliot with calm surprise. "True, Mr. Craig mentioned your names. I had just come in by the train as you drove to the station," persisted Forsyth. "I know. We were forewarned of your arrival, of course, on account of this dinner." "Craig and I are old friends," said Forsyth vaguely. If Miss Eliot had been very brilliant herself she would have wondered perhaps that Victor Forsyth, of whom she had heard so much, did not appear more brilliant. She was rather relieved at his quiet way. She had already said to herself: "He is a very nice fellow. No one would suspect he was worth half a million. Now," she added mentally, "it will be a pity if he, too, is going daft over Hope Armadale. She has destroyed Alan's peace of mind, and that is enough, though he is such a flirt." The dinner went on; Forsyth had no longer but one idea. It was to gain an- other look at the enchanting face that had appeared and disappeared. Furtive almost feverish, he watched the end of the table. He could see that Craig had eyes and thoughts only for the lady beside him. At times a moody look came over his handsome face which Forsyth never remembered to have seen there before. But Miss Armadale did not come fairly within range again. When they rose from table Forsyth had but one motive. It was to get presented to Miss Armadale. For that reason he devoted himself to Lucille Eliot as the most likely means of ac- complishing his purpose. But Craig and Miss Armale had disappeared from the drawing room. Forsyth thought the figure in the long white cloak which passed and repassed the windows on Craig's arm was she, but he had no ex- cuse for joining them. Presently there was a strong touch on the keyboard of the piano, gliding into a measured waltz. The servants were rolling up the long rugs that covered the hardwood floors, and setting the chairs against the wall. Some one was inviting Miss Eliot to waltz. She excused herself to Forsyth, and he re- mained standing watching the door. Two or three couples were moving to slow waltz time tip and down the floor. Forsyth's attention was caught by some one clapping their hands together smart- ly and calling out in a peremptory way, "Faster!" It was Hope Armadale. She and Craig had entered by a side door, and stood together at the extreme end of the long room. She had a bunch of blue violets in her bosom, which Forsyth was sure she had not worn at dinner. Had she just accepted them from Craig? Was he her lover? He was placing his arm about her waist. Forsyth had never before seen "poetry" in a woman's motion. His senses swam as Hope Armadale came flying past him, "For pity's sake, Mr. Victor Forsyth, have you left your manners in Germany? Don't you see there aren't dancing men enough to go round?" It was Clara Craig in blue wrap and silver bangles, who had come up to him un- perceived. "But, Miss Clare—I don't waltz." "Ridiculous. Come!" She seized his hand. "Hold me tighter. You are a great deal too tall for me." "No matter. We are getting on all right." "Of course we are." "And—when you are through with me, won't you introduce me to the tallest lady in the room?" "The tallest lady, Hope Armadale?" "Yes." "Of course I will, just to tease Alan." "Is" — Forsyth's heartbeats almost choked him—"is Alan engaged to Miss Armadale?" "He'd like to he." Forayth could have hugged the elfish Clare for the comfort of her saucy words. "Come," she said, suddenly stopping midway in a revolution, disengaging herself and catching her small hands around her partner's arm. "Alan has gone for her cloak or something. Now is your chance. Mr. Forsyth wants to waltz with you. Hope, because you're tall," she went on, all in a breath. "I don't show him off enough," she was saying. Then her hands were unclasped, and she was gone. Forsyth was murmuring something about "pleasure." He had partial control of his words, none whatever of his eyes, which looked exaltingly into Hope Armadale's! "We tall people can sympathize with each other," she said. "If height is—a bond of sympathy, blessed be my many inches," laughed Forsyth. "Will you give me one turn?" Mr. Craig has just gone for the carriage. We promised Mrs. Eliot to come home early." "One turn," repeated Forsyth between entreaty and command. Miss Armadale rose, half undecided, but still she rose. He held her in his arms. They caught the time, which the musician quickened when he saw that Miss Armadale was dancing again. Forsyth's protest to Clare was an affectation. He waltzed superbly. The pair moved in swift smooth circles, as though by a single will. Forsyth knew this—knew that the will they moved by was his. He breathed the odor of the blue violets in Hope Armadale's bosom, and it suffocated him. He was sure Craig had placed the flowers there. He could almost have snatched them away and scattered them underfoot. They were the last left dancing. "'We must stop." Miss Armadale said. He obeyed her almost abruptly. They were face to face with Miss Eliot and Alan Craig. Miss Eliot had her wraps about her. She looked a little disturbed. He was placing his arm about her waist. 