NOTES BY RAMBLER. Things segms to be changing wonder fully so far as politics are cqqcerned on Yorke's Peninsula. Now that the elec tions are almost at hand everyone seems to ask the Bamequestion, namely:-" Who do you think will get in." Oo the 7tb inst. you will Gad in my noteB (i from all I can learn I aat inclined to change my opinion regarding the ' tip' I gave some weeks ago for' Yorke's Peninsula." I I muBt honestly confess that I am bound in tbe intersts of your readers to change it again. I have carofully gone orer the electoral roll and find that there are 3,302 voters-1,604 elestors for the south part of tbe Peninsula and 1,698 for tbe north portion. Now the question tbat naturally sugests itself to any sensible man, is, " How can the souths beat tbe norths if every vote is recorded.'* It is well known that there are now nine candidates io the field, and that the majority of them are ran by the souths-in otber words 5 to 4\. Now take the two most influential men in tbe north and the two in the south, and you will find that with the extra votes each will get in tbe different districts, five of the aspirants wiilbe very far distanced, that means three from the sooths and two from the norths will be ignomiaiously left out io the cold. With i four running close and a good solid plum per or two from the souths, the candidates to be returned will be tbe Hon. W. Copley and Mr Shannon, the latter being excep tionally popular in tbe north. I bear it rumoured that Mr Short M.P. if rejected at tbe next election, intends to leave the colony and go West. Mr Short is a clever young man, a wonderfully smart auction eer, and " Rambler wishes" him evary success in bis new venture;-in fact be ad vises him to waste no time 1 in doing his packing, as he-has not the ghost'of a show of ever sitting again in Parliament Hoose as a member. I went to bear Mr J. H Sinclair (one of tbe aspirants for Yoike's Peninsula) address the electors of Malt Ian 5 last Thursday in the Institute ther<v Pile night was Irel and the attendanc very poor, ci«ins, no doubt to the fact that »ery litt!e i.itere«t was taken in the legal iumi'<ury Mr Jefferson, Manage of the Un;r>*> "an'*, <i the chair, but that wr* all. as, rt lit-n slight d'stnrh ances arose during the speech be seemed to treat them *uh contempt. Mr Sinclair began his address by stating that he had not cotne *heie to he subjected to a uata gorical investigation. He was perfectly independent ; he did not believe in party sides; he disclaimed the labour party; he was against any fuutier taxation on land ; be was against any further sale of of Crown l^nds ; he favoured the helpin." of pastonaiists, favoured a penny postage, upheld the present system of education, was against the Bible in State School-, and that the present progressive tax should exist. Air Sinclair was also strongly in favour o> continuing the payment of me.-nbero, which perhaps ac counts for his anxiety to gain a seat. Al together, Mr Sinclair's speech was a laboured preparation, al<hao^h fluently given. At the c ose he announced his intention of stumping the country along with Mr Short, It might be as well >o ssate, that a ram >ur. cliisb appears to have some good foundation, is current, that Revd. Mr Wheatley, lately Weslyan Minister at Yorketown, was the means ot Mr Sinclair's coming out as a candidate. 1 was glad t» notice on my visit to to the Peninsula that Captain Wa't, late of Burra, had settled in Wallaroo, and purchased the business lately carried on by Messrs Haines & Co. I paid a vi*it j to the store to see my old acquaintance and found bici doing a rattling trade; in fact it was some minutes before be cotild find time to shake bands with me. Suc cess to you Captain, and " don't you for R®1 i'*" . . . Harry, who was appointed to visit England with the Australian Eleven and subsequently asked to retire, has been granted £150 (and a further sum of £10 cover l#w costs) as 'solatum. Turner has j now resigned and he will not sail on | Wednesday. The ftt^yor of Adelaide »s to \ give the team a banquet to- morrow after noon (Tuesday) at 3 o'alock and 'n my next I will notice it more fully. I have already bad occasion to mention the magnificent gift of the steam life- boat wbiah was so generotwly presented to Sooth Australia by Mr R. Barr Smith, ana as the ceremony of christening the ressel was performed to-day and the boat formally handed over to the Government, it is mete that the Parliament, Press, and public should be loud in their praises of the thoughtful and generous^ donor. There was only one condition laid down when the cheque for the lifeboat was handed over, and that was that the Go vernment would keep it always ready for use. This of course was readily agreed to. For the sake of the honor of the colony let us humbly hope that King Charles III. will not attempt- any retrenchment, that is to say if he retains power. The labour party are on the stump, McGregor, Hourigan, and Thompson, the latter being the candidate, addressing the electors at Balaklava on Saturday evening. They returned to town on Monday. The labour members make good use of their privilege in travelling over the railways, and right royally do tbey use it-lounging ia first class carriages with their coats off as if they were princes, (King Charles' of course), while other M.P.'s are conteot to ride quietly in the spcond class-'Tis the old adage " Put a beggar on horseback, &c.;, &c.;" Pi«y the poor { But before I j extend my sympathy it may be a? well to consider the obejct of it. Well,, in this instance it is a lady, Her lot is a sad one, and yet I have too much rea son for believing it is not a solitary one. Little did I imagine how some people manage to Ii«e, until a heartbroken wail compelled me to realise the stero experi ence of the hapless among mankind. The lady in this case is the wife of a labour member of Parliament, and it may be remarked, is not homeless or destitute. Nor need t!;e imaression tie formed that she is starving. It does not appear that she knows what itNs to i^ant a meal, and it may be questioned if of late years she has felt the a$nte agooy of being behind the fashion or of hating to wear a last season's bonnet. Yet. nevertheless, there is the ring of despair in her cry of the dread of pauperism on an income of £200 a year. She says she finds it next to impossible to live in ber proper station, and the' fact that she has a family aggravates the situa tion. "He is poor whoseexpen-es exceed his income," says a French philosopher, aod this model woman clinches the truth of the remark. That same observation perhaps explains why sp many people t manage to rub along with an income rot quite within sight of £200 a year. At the time of writing no information can be obtained from the Premier as to whether or not Hon. A. R. Addison had refosed the position of Chief Secretary. His Highness when applied to made the autocratic remark " I have nothing to communicate to the press." Keep it Mr Kingstott, but you may yet repent it. Good day. " Water, water, everywhere ! and not a drop to drink." From time immemorial this has been the cry of poor shipwrecked castaways, and if <he residents of Ade laide and her suburbs do not-fall in with the suggestions of our Trans- Atlantic Commissioner Jenkins, the «ame cry may be heard from drought-stricken , South Australia: 3?or are we not .told daily o< our immense aquatic resources, and yet do we not persistently disregard the warniog of " waste net want not ?'' When the present Bishop of Manchester (Dr.. Moorhouse) was Bishop of Melbourne he. pooh-poohed the idea of prayers for raio. Of course he was the. last man io the world to impugn the efficacy of prayer, but he held that when God's blessing9 were showered upon as and we ignored His beneficence we bad only ourselves to blame. He affirmed that when we were blessed with visitations of. rain and did nothing to conserve oor water, we practi cally " looked a gift horse in the mouth" and flouted our Benefactor-and I think lie was right. Whbt a hullabaloo there was in Grote streci on Saturday ! All tbe world and his wife were there aod a brare display they made. Indeed plutocrat aod demo crat felt equally at home pro tem. And with jaBt cause too. A Chamber of Commerce is a great institution, but so aldo is the Chamber of Labour, and al though a thousand and one agitators do more than a thousand and one mischiev ous deeds they hare an equal right of representation and the people whom (hey represent (or profess to represent), re cognise the fact that they certainly ought not to, hide. their light* under a bushel-henee their warm appreciation o* the establishment of a Trades Hall as evideuced by laBt Saturday'* enthusiasm. 