THE STORYTELLER. IN THE RAJAH'S PALACE. . must confess that I felt very disappointed with her. •.'.;.-.". ///::'//V'j I had ridden up to her carriage at. the hand stand on the Mall. The strain's of the last new waltz out from home were, floating; among the Milliiigtonia trees, drowning the chmnping'of the forag* --Bite' aMatfto&^ttar i of the avahs and children wandering admiringly round '.the soldiers. . " Mrs. ingledene," I had said, " I am setting 'up r au" e^editionrr-siaort, and °picuiclchig combined — to tlie Rajah's palace at. Buudelpore, for three days.. •.. Will you make one of the party?" ., . ; - . ,- •• ..-.X Her faop'lighted iip4-sucli a pretty; face, such sweet eyes.. :•: :"// " What a capital idea ! I shall be delighted,-' she - exclaimed... .'.'..But will you mind my bringing a friend, a Mr. Lingmoor, who just then.; will be staying with us,: Itbink ? " Then it- was that. I felt disappointed; with her. Iliad alwaj's'firmly believed that Jack lugledene' and his wife were devoted to each-other. L .had only listened with lialf an ear to Mrs. Crabtvee's spiteful stories of the doings at naughty ,N.ynee ; during... the. last seison, whoji the Jimn icnlole Mi jj hion of grass widows in the hills, have taken to herself a " bow-wow.'' Thouo'h Jack 'Ingledeue was on duty at a long court- martial, I knew that he would not object to-his wife' going •with me, an old friend of her father's family, and backed by such ah unim : pe.icliable cliaperon as Mrs. Grabtree. But I was disappointed, when Etliel ; Ingledene calmly turned up her prtitty face to mine and as good as told me that unless she was allowed to bring this same " bow-wow" sh6 •would not come to my picnic. But all the same, like the old fool I am, with my next breath Texpressed how delighted I should be to sec Mr. Liiig'moor, cursing- the Indian " bowwow " system all the time most' devoutly. As the Collector of Puukahpore,the ruler of a district as large as an English county, and wielding -a sway over hundreds of thousands of dusky natives, I am a person of some importance in the eyes of the neighboring semi-independent Rajah of Buudelpore. This gentleman, though of ^dubious character and unable to write his own name, is the despotic ruler of wide territories and the happy possessor of diamond aigrettes such as would delight the heart of an English duchess. I have standing permission ..to shoot over his arid plains and rocky hill country and to stay •whenever I like in his beautiful summer palace of Buudelpore, which place is but little troubled with his own presence, as his highness prefers his own town house in Gaurruiiabad, where he can indulge in European luxuries and vices. We drove the 20 odd miles which lay between Punkahpore and Buudelpore with relays of horses along a straight, dusty, tree- bordered . road, fairly good as long as it ran in ruy territory, but execrable as soon as it entered.that of- the .Maharajah. We were a merry party of about a dozen,. in three carriages, followed by a camel carriage containing the commissariat, the servants and the rolls of bedding, without which ho European travels in India. I had been somewhat disappointed at my old cliuuii Colonel Taehbrook, not turning up. He was retiring and leaving the country for good, and it •was mainly with the object of giving liim some good sport- that I had ar-. ranged the expedition. However, lie was delayed up country and we were obliged to start without him Mrs. -Ingledene -'was looking very, pretty and was in the best of spirits Lionel Lingmoor, a subalteru in the. Royal Scilly Islanders, was a goodlooking easy-mannered fellriWj whom sh" appeared to. find, eharmin The only discordant 'eleoient]was,the station, doctor, jGriifenhpofe, ,.,a'.. sneer ing, ill-natured fellow, who had never forgiven Mrs: Ingledene for snubbing him on her first arriyal at Piinkahpore and/ivlio chuckled fiendishly over lier very open flirtation.witli Linginoor. Buudelpore, built ; entirely -of pale salmon-colored: stone/arLd/gorgeous with/carved eaves and muUions, oriel • windows, delicate friezes:, and arches, turrets, cupolas and hanging balconies, • lies—a dream of beauty-—in the midst of green groves of orange, melon, and mango trees. Oil one front a broad. stone terrace overlooks the :shady.- garden .walks,; the ponds/the stone summer houses; on the /other a large artificial lake with a little tower and steps at each angle,.bathed the very walls of the palace itself. The Rajah, like many other Indian princes, kept some hunting leopards in a barred cage in the garden; and.m the lake some huge black ".muggers . or alligators, loathsome-lookingbeasts; -which vvcre r feel!'<Ja«y--{-uomvonoi lo<f>.±He. windows witn lumps of Sosli. • • . •We: drove tinder the .great; *gate'/at' . dundelpore, saluted by some of the Maliarajali's-ragaiuiuflin'vseatricsi; ;]ust . -•. :as iIiG siui 'was 'setting Kbehind^ some; :.•- lowi' bave hiUs -aud tloodLi:g- tlie: palacQ ivith a tint of .gold. The crows were cawing in xlie streets, ringdoves cooed: in-the- sliady \- depths •'••' of ithe garden; and flights of taniepig'eons .eirded-.aboye^the/Toofs and cupolas The scene was -a de- • .• hcious change from our painfully uniform -bungalows, our Etraiglit Mall, p andthe^ceaBeless- jDug'lercaHssthatper- Taded Punkahpore.^1 i We dined in > va t liall, with caived Moorish aiches, and aftei dmnerVe sat about on the terrace smoki-- Wg and discu sing the plans -foi toi jnorrow I lathei fancy I must lave had a? l f a G b t Hap in my ea y chair, foi 1 was aroused, by a low, sneenng eliucHe fiom Guf fephoofe -sitting next to me | We wcie alone on the teirace, ( but; the moon, -nhicli liad^ just TisenJ showed u two figures walking down-, a path in tlie f 1 g rden | "Dcuced^funny, l n't it? --The"es •women are all the 'tome ^'They^come n T d ^ptsfeet -MamSsasI and altei a iew moDths'jt|amn^on|li jSaI lie chuckled ^tir callj^arn^jj^i Vitli wngmaoi.jjj^Uigfeigat^^^j^ 5eel fiatlter Bio'ktsMieart ^f that^ighi "-a i t tiS, for we were to he up betimes to start m the morning. \--. The ladies had been installed m the rooms oil the left of the- great hall, -usually.allotted to;the:R.ajah's.zenana, and 1 we men oocupicd those on the -right. They were: not.overiclean: and-: rathei bare. I found my servant h ad laid out my. bedding- and Giifenlioofe's in- one o the : top rooms.. Opening out of that was- another room,- where I--ing- r : m oor • an d Col on el Crabtree . were to .• sleep; the other follows were billeted m the xooms below It was a hot .night. and Orabtreo, who was fussy, said it was less stuffy on. one of the verandahs and so departed, leaving Lingmoor m sol* possession . I felt restless and disinclined t* sleep. 1 lay long.awake listening to the jackal's screech, the pariah dog's bay, and the lapping of the water of the lake against the wall. I lay watching the -bright moonlight throw golden bars across the somewhat du ty walls through the carved glassless windows.; • Suddenly something roused me. A sliadow fell acVoss the moonlight ^ oh: the wall. The thick curtain in : the doorless. archway moved aside. A woman's figure entered the room. There was no mistaking it; it was Ethel Ingledene., I sprang up as if to speak to her, but at that moment she., turned- an d looked., at. yu.e.. . J tci.; f-ico^^'.-ifi .-;o-i3j]u(,t:ern.ljly Kiici tlili't t.)io words froze to my lips. Then, to my amazement, I saw lier push aside the curtain of the doorway leading to the next room, where Lingmoor was sleeping, and disappear be- hind it. I sat motionless for a moment or two, for I felt as if some one • had dealt, mo a. heavy blow. Giffenhoofe's voice aroused me ; he was awake too. If ever I saw an evil look on a man's Face; liis wore it at that moment. " Crabtree was right," he said, jatheriugnp his bedding. "It will be much cooler down below." -. I followed Ins example and departedi but did not go to sleep." v My thoughts flew back to the haply country home where I had known Ethel Ingledene as a child with long :air hair; to the good old rector -her father; to honest Jack Ingledene, nrliom. we all liked so much, poor boy! incl. I felt—well, IfeltTslioiild' like to aave the shooting- of Li ngmoor. What if, when we were out after deer on the 3iorrow, a shot should chance : go istraj'! Such thing's had happened. ' : iBiit not this time, however. We ill shot very straight and made- good; bags. I managed to give Lingmoor a; wide berth alL'day,' for Ins good spirits and cheery chaff were- niore unbearable tome tliaii Grifienhoofe's ; unpleasant innuendoes. ' ? It was getting 1 dusk when lie returned to the palace. I quite dreaded 1 meeting Mi's. Ingledeue, who had not shown up before we started 1 in . the morning. Therefore I was very relieved to hear that she had a bad headaclie from the sun, aud' -would not be able to come, down to dinner. Just as I was haviijg my antepran-, dial tub—a sirdple prpcess,'consisting, of sln.iidihg on the bathrooinifloor, aiid having pitchers of water throwii over, one'bv one's bearer^-I heard a familiar voice on the. terrace below; ; . It : was my old chum, Taehbrook, just ar-: 1 river).. Sueli avj3leasant.--suvp1n5e-.it. was -i nd orie that somewhat restored: my good-humor. r- ... . ; We bad a very cheery dinner. Afterward we : amused ourselves, throwing bits of meat from ."a- balcony overhaiigiug tlie lake to the-iilligators • below. The black, slimy, monsters, rose out of the water into .the. moon-.. liglit,. and -fought and struggled for tlie'-bits w.e threw, crawling 011 011c another's backs and opening their huge mouths set with rows of cruel teeth. Miss Crabtree, the spinster of the party, turned away with Xslrudder. : " I gives me the. creeps to -look ;at them," she. said. "I wantto talk .'of spiu'ei liing ,more ....'pleasant' ^ your clvVnnin" 1 friend, Colonel Tachlirdok. •What a dear old tiling 1 lie is! Ko'w, tell mei is!it true what I hear,- that there is some ;'i'bmiintio''.stpfcy..'/aW him—that he was engagedj t'o ,'a: ; girl' . \V l.i.o.; was 'killed' in the 111 u tiiijy->hd that, that's .tlie" reason "''never; liini i-icd P Dotellme !" i: Of CQurse. IJhad. ;1ieard'.is6m'6thing.pf' tlio. 'cind about Taehbrook, but 1 was ;uoigniilg..to.'divu]ge.:aiiy;.s^ IVieiul'si . ;;::;.:;•';"'j^y.. u My dear young lady," 1 replied liiysteriously, '.' yoir'areasacur romantic as all; your sex;: Pray, believo it if you like." . • • " You; are very irritating;" she said: iaiigiiim^,. 'aud.;tll:rhed.:av^,^^.h^' ; ;:: : ::i Tlicn Taehbrook himself came up.' "This lUuutol.porc Rajah of yours- —wnsii t lie very troublesome to us m 'hi ? " lie asked. ;•'.:-'.r'-:_•_"' ; " 1-t \v:vs his f:\dier, not the present. 111.111. II i' 111 rued; against us from iho lirst, (lon'l you i cincmber, arul attacked nnd killorl tlrn Europeansnt.-Gnrsma;: bid and it I'm kahpoie.' 1 ..A"shadow, crossed. Tad;brook's face; I'o hide it, uo en«bjd '1 < g'-0 T uiousiHcln v li^nelr T wi,* iriv [jfiOsn Oe 11 . 1 tin. • But iircmcniHci.—-I 1 f-nciribcr 11" turner 1 aside and changed the eon A 1 ci triii r:rG^ifEenhoo£c.<had-igivenfuj)tilusq3lace5 111 my sleeping apaitments to Taeh : biook much to mv delight. ,T was " dog.tired^nditi'ustedthat.-Ishould^be: undisturbed^^y.fjanyijsucli 1 .unpleasant: episidc as ah it of the" nnrht befcreiv But Tachbiook appealed' i.^st]e->s and, 1 not^iucliued.:ty'.sIe6p.•..•^'•.: r; :,:i.-^.'. 1\. " Rum tiling it is old man, I should-, he istopping'in one j of Bundelpore's alacesi Youve heaid me speakjof ( Ethek Brooke sometimes—tlut dea® t iH-lp glcl ;T was pngigpd +n in "17 lie. oie "the tioulle began She jwentf w y to tay with, some people at mamabad -ju t befoie tlie mutm p roke out I \va_ ordered ^uddenly^ o Delhi and ihen came^tlie ^uiama- 3 bad mas acre I saevei heard ofj-.hei | igam—not a sign—jjiotp^a TVi ord Tliank£lod*the Itajalifdied tjieideatlij lie de erved—done i to, jdea^h l5y .^a; tr-aito£„ And nqv® , his JJrjenf^ 3 our good |riend .^aad^T^ ani^jLii -gne t | Suchi life'^heigh'ho^ ^ 1 JSei jhglited. 'a cigai^ad js^aoked . Taehbrook stared at her like a madman. "Poor fellow," I said to myself " These sad memoiies have upset his , head:' , She;glided 'behind'thecurtain :into Liiigiiioor's- l rooto. ; : Tachbrookium-; ped up and followed her/ , : i " Ali any .price: a, scandal, must be prevented," thought I, :and.?I sprang; up, too, and followed liim, j Lmgmoor was sleeping the sleep of :,youth and. of a hard day's /shooting. Taehbrook, : with; outstretched 'arms, stared at the dark form which slowly flitted across the room. . She passed through an open windo w, out on to tlie balcony : overhanging the lake. .':,• •. A horrible fear seized '• me. She saw herself -discovered, and would not : live to face her shame " Stop lier, stop her 1'Mcried. We both rushed-ont on the balcony. It was empty. The night breeze ruffled the dark surface of : the lake; in: tliev.depths of. which 1 the -muggers(were-sleeping- v -: Taehbrook • and' I- glared at 1 each other, too homfied to speak. - Then a voice called me from: the stairs — " Yon are wanted at once, Collector Saliib. "There- is an old .crone. the mother or aunt or some, such Telation;- of the Rajah, who lives in a little Jjouso ju the garden, ^axtd^jiyJio Jsj flying 1 , and Svants -to see you veiy. ni gently." " Oh, do come," said .another voice —a-very;sweet one.; " I did what: I could-for her this afternoon, when you were- away;, and' 1 found her so ill; But she has something 011 her mind to tell you, and I promised you should come. 1 Be quick, or. it will :,be: .too late. •The speaker'was . Mrs. Ingledene, standing at the: door of rny. room, looking i lovely in ;wh ite; peignoir. At first I thought she was a ghost but I grasped-her arm. It was Arm flesh and blood. " 1 -will go at once," I said. '-' Yon go back to bed." . .), :.,, . As 1 went down the stairs I heard Lingmoor's voice calling — •. ," Send- some one 'with :,bi-andy, 'Colonel Taehbrook lias fainted." They led me to one of those little garden houses, • common in ;the East, where an almost sightless, toothless old hag lay at her last gasp. " You: are the Government's secva.ntj" she said, "the great Salnb— you 1 are -good • to my nephow, the; Maharajah. — .you have ! forgiven-: of great clemency the: wickedness, of my. brother, wdien .he killed--your people. your women and children: • 1. hav somethmg , i to ; say-before 1 die,;if your : higlihess'wilLliist^n." "•' Slic spoke with difficulty and in gasps. I bent down to catch her words. " Her spirit came to. me to-day, so I know- that I am dying^-tlie spirit of the beautiful young, white, maiden, witli.the. yellow hair, whom my bro ther earned oft from Gu.ram.abad when he killed the rest, and whom he brought here. She was kind to nie, the spirit; she has forgiven me, for T took her jewels ; I have them now, I wish-to give them back to a white me when I am gone. The Rajah shut her up m the top rooms—-no one could -'hear 'her. cries .there .5 she ..could; not escape—he put me on the stairs to keep the door. He delighted in the yellow-liaired-maiden.; would have made lier his favourite wife, but one mornina'j when lie opened tlie door, 1 she-was gone. Her jewels were there; and a little Jboly book she carried 111 her bosom—see, here they are." : From under her pillow, (she drew with feeble grasp a yellow, worn little:English prayer-book and a' gold 1 brooch .and earrings, and gave them vto me. ; As I opened the book I was aware of two people looking over my -shoulder; . Taehbrook and viMrs. . Ingledene had followed me. The fly leaf was yellow and dirty, but the name - on it" was perfectly legible, • " Ethel Brooke, September, 1S56 Hardleigh Hall." A great groan broke from Tach brook. : "-It's ! her name,-lier writing,' he answeredj. and-hid - his iace ;in .his /hands, .: " That was my mother's sister's name," gasped Mrs. : Ingledene, •' Their home was at Hardleigh -Hall —I remember hearing she came: out to India and was killed. 111 r- 1 Taehbrook interrupted,, her " You aie hei niece'''" he asked, 111 4 \- a gentle voice 1 You aie her \eiy image;TtliinkIsee"licragain And he diew iier to him and kis sed her on the forehead I turned over- the gold brooch iu myhand " There is a miniature in the back —see! " .: •••;••:. -Mrs; Ing-Iedene looked;; and gave a cry. ; " That is my; mother when a girl I know- it quite well—J have one like it." Tliero was a famt gui'gle fTom- the bed. . ;. The. old .native- woman, in the corner, I;whohad ibeen.r 1watehing;.us J: fell back-dead. -was-just awakening „ 4., i Mrs Ingledene disappeared vto-her own apartment TachbiookSvent out alonc'/Cor a walk' 1 thought it^b^st? tojeay.e lnm to Jiimself., ~Woj- wei e -:a w: diseoverya such us this,- not even 4lie -giealtest T friend can be any comfort Worn out ]oy thei night's feinohou"; I fell asleep till bieakfast^ime <*Wlicn I joined' the rest of the -party' 'in'the great halk,I -found everyone deyoai ; iSig letters and papers -just ( ^roug^t; out fromsBunMapereab^sasmessefi'ger S Mrs Ingle"dene if he'd -at me with? out tietehe^ hand ' l j. ^ ^ , „ " X' I+wantfyoutolbe 4 A- ^ "the . •U.J, diist f sue toJieai, } JZZ foi/you. aie mv olde t Tfiiend^m^thi; f«ountoy,5and If have srfjhated-io Jiave sen tlnm-j n Li<;tei 1 lia^e f jil t got^c j iSri'ol i>c- s", and j p 1 L ha^ at-la=t"gn en^hi CoiLseat\to^H'el he' ,mar iage-®te -tLioiiel 'lingmoprl ^the^omige^offu^ eu^geoLvlieBJie^wa ^t^lioin* 1 SrMM carried her pick-a-back the last time I saw her. A-nd as I caTL't' COngratiilate her: 1 perRouaiHy;: , ''let:me :do so' byi: pioxy, deu little ] idy So sayiiig,. 1 !ie.tit:dowh and .kissed Mis Ingledene on the ioiehead It Jack couldjhavejreadim-my-heart,how.' penitent I was -foi'^my slvombleTisus-:- picions, 1 do not think lie would have objected.- ' ' Just then Crabtree ^bustled ; up.; t :: ", Here's . Lingmoor been' : r getting: into such a dreadful. mess—just like a gi'iU. v.Ue's gone :and sliot one of tlie;-Ra-|ali's:imiggei's-^didn'tthink there; was any-har-m 1 . .:: Gome.-.and/see •what's to be done." . ' jSothing, 1 should- think,.r except 1 •toradminister a few judicialTupees to 1 keep it quiet," I replied, and followed '.Grabtr.ee: to tli e; steps leading down to the lake,, where Lingmoor;-was sur-. veyrug. the hugei carcass sof .the dead " 'Pon my honor I didn t realise they were preserved. I'm awfully . " You maj' as well have liim stnfled now, j'ou' v.e. got.; liim,": I: remarked. "Tie's a splendid fellow—the grandfather of them all, 1 should judge " • .1 ..called! a--low- caste -native,fi wlio ;began' to cut up'the animal:" Presently;: .111. his;- stomach;- ;we came oil somctliihg sniair and glitter-, inss- i T.pickedit up.; It jyas a^gold 1 Liubbedit buglit, and then saw some: ;letters:engraved .on.the mside-^- "Ethel, fiom W.T ," I read aloud. . : " Will you let me have it-said-a voice behind mc. 1 handed it to Taehbrook without a word.. '' 