Ringing the Changes. AN AUSTRALIAN HORSE PASTORAL. By C. H. S. I'nk sir," iiutg oumlay morning, we was riding s'ov-ly down — That'., me and Joe from Wnhva—to Tavioola And the ehapcl bell was ringing, as we cleared That bo'iii.'D the parson’s paddock, at the lire!: of Kiley's pub. We hadn't goi a decnar*, and we’re anxious We’d break no Sunday liquor laws—whilst lliley kept a slate. This Hiiey seem jd obliging, tiii be mentioned Joe’d a bill Th~l str.-.te..cd inste->(i oi shrinking up and svttliug in his I'll. So Joe io bead him oft talks hors?, and, gi ving me a wink. Say?, “Biiry, what was veu before you took ii soiling drink ? I’ve beard as how you used to own a ringing The Badger, quite a champion in the steeple chasing way.” l:irxt lliley wrinkles up his jins, half whistler, then he spoke: ••’Tie, a very tinder iopio, blioys; that gray horse sint me broke. ' Hut ialie a nobbier to his name, and while I tell the tale, duel wish with me them Gonlia coves was doing time in gaol! I lost him in a kind of flood; perhaps that's the reason why, . _ | When Badger's name is mentioned now, I in j always feeling dhry i ”1 never was a silver tail whai goes for full ! and flash; ' I'm moilest like, especially when 1 am out ,or rash; . As most ’lid- know old Badge eonld win the Gonlia Steeplechase, , . 1 didn’t gas as how 1 meant to start him in liial race. Not much ! I just forgets him slick and in an He's entered ‘ Jenkin’s brown, The box,’ and j exits lliley’s grey." “ When a rove has taken lessons in a back block galling school, He isn’t too particTar when he wants to .scoop the pool; And as I want's a monte what should cop the maximum, _. ! By wire they gets an entry for The Filer; l whew.! a. plum. i The handicapper he fell in, and socks him up with weight, A pretty poultice, 14 stone ; The Fox gets 10 I *' Well, Idioys, ye ktuiw what color is, grey’s | always grev. brown ain't. j But it isn't hard to change 'em if your handy v.ilh the paint. I'd got my dollars on Tin; Fox. the pot was -pretty warm — It somehow sturts- a-cooling when swisli! comes a thunderstorm. ’ . The lield was at the starting post; what price the rain '! by. cripcs! i The Fox wanks brushing up again-lie's • coming out in sthripes !" “ I twigs a transformation scene about his tai^ and mane. As we waited for the flag to fall amidst that pourin' ra'n; At last we're oil. The course was shtift and Toic we got once round, A divil’s dozen of ’em found they’d business with the ground; But t*o stood up: The Vox. bard held, the doctor’s chestnut Vtl, But 'bout a mile or so from home she landed on her head.” 11 As he's.whining in a canter then. The Fox takes on too close. And fedo vin' the prescription he nearly got Bon'! make no odds the stumble, there's whips of time to spare. The Fox wins very easy by a furlong from fhe mare. Why does the Doctor protest? What's that ■ the darned judge sr.ys. ’ Number'J is Jenkin s brown; tiicre ain’t no zebra greys !” “The hand played then. Some swears its Badge. 1 asks the bloomin' Doe. If folks don’t sometimes lind their hair gone piebald through a shock. ' 'Tis rare,' says lie ; says I,' The Fox is timid, easy scared, So Jenkin's says aU'thcm thundering falls have frightened him white-haired! I swore the Badger’s dead three months. ‘ Quite so ’ they says ‘ he’s dyed.' The chestnut mare she got the stakes and I’m disqualified. “ To save my skin and get away I paid up every debt, And had to give the Doc. my horse to square a fifty bet; And in return he whispers me, ‘ Them water colours spoil,’ And paintings last far longer when the artist takes on oil." “ I’ve balanced up his winnings since, though no more mokes I dyed, I bleached a bay to creamy with some shtuiT call ‘ peroxide,’ ’Tis made they say from bullock’s skins—I dunno. Next year I won the Doctor’s dollars, though—my word —I cost him dear, He’d got the Badger light again and backed him for a pile, But though I wasn't on the spot, I did him up in style. He don’t know yet Hie yellow horse, that beat him on the post. Was thank’s to that there stuff a crack bay steeplechaser’s ghost.” That’s how I got the ofliec, if in Tarioola Your parching for a nobbier and no coin to plank down. Call Around on Biley and ask him for this tale. Sympathise discreetly, and you'll got it by the * Decnar, a shilling. lie—I feel like a fool .to-night." She— “ Why io-highf ?” Ambiguous. She—“ And would you have loved me just us much without my money ?” He—“ Just as much, my darling." ’• Do you think you could eat another piece of pie, Tommy?” f‘I think I could, ma'am, if I stood up.” In Chicago: Undertaker—“Here, this won't do; where is the sixth pallbearer ?” “ He Is—er—that is, he is proposing to the widow.” ’• Tlie best preventive for seasickness,” says flic Mamiyunk Philosopher, “ is to climb a tall tree and stay there till the voyage is over.” “ Well, I swam !” said the eat on the back fence, as a shower of boots came his way ; “that fellow must think I've been getting Hoax—“ Does Sillieus know anything about music?’’ Jonx—“No: lie doesn’t know the difference between a string orchestra and a rubber band.” “ I think it is mean of you to say that the count is good for nothing." “ Well, I suppose it you.ever go to Paris he will come in handy m an interpreter." : ; 