Causes of Typhoid Fever. Any man or woman who has ever struggled through 10, 12, or 15 weeks' experience of a determined attack of typhoid fever will think (says the Eng- lish ' Hospital ') that we are placing a very important question before them when asking can typhoid be pre vented. Well, either it can or it cannot ; either it is a disease whose cause we know and can deal practically with, or it remains still oue of those mysteries which baffle science and practice alike. But typhoid is not now a mystery to the man of science ; of that we are sure. It is on the contrary, a well understood and entirely manageable and preventable malady. Br. T. E. Hay ward, medical officer of health for. Haydock, Lancashire, tells his parish in his annual report, not only tliat.it is preventable, but also by what precise and simple means it may be pre vented. We have had occasion before to express approval of Br. Hay ward's intelligence and thoroughness as a medical officer of health, and we com mend with confidence his tersely expressed " Principles of Typhoid Prevention," as made public in his report for 1895\. " Typhoid is a prevent able disease," says this author ity. "It is a disease of filth, and especially of the filth of human excrement,." That is to be taken as the beginning of knowledge, the ABC of typhoid prevention, by the unscientific. The next step is equally easy. Typhoid bacilli ; and the bacilli we find in human excrement, and in drinking water fouled lixr Qn/ili oTP.remAnt. Tf. "if probable that no man or woman even takes typhoid except by swallowing some typhoid excre ment. They may be swallowed, as we have said, in drinking water, or they may be flying about in the air. What, then, is the first and last command ment of typhoid prevention ? Cleanliness ; personal and public cleanliness." It is all there. If we keep ourselves clean ; if we keep our drinking water clean ; if we keep our closets and our drains, our kitchens, sculleries, gardens, streets, and towns entirely clean, typhoid will be practically as great a stranger to most of us as is the ghost of King Solomon or the shade of the extinct Beinotherium. 