, Cricket Gossip. Mr. Washington IT. Soul has generously donated a cup for competition amongst second grade clubs affiliated to the Parramatta and District Cricket Asso ci ition. . R. G. Barlow, the old Lancashire professional, who has on several occasions visited Australia, can still ' stonewall ' with the best of them in club cricket. On 18th July, in a Central Lancashire League match against Walsden, he went through the innings for Boy ton, scoring 50 of a total of 119. This is the 55th time, it may be added, he has carried his bat through in all kinds of matches. In addition he took four wickets f ar 20 runs. Arthur Shrewsbury, the popular Notts profes sional, and who has taKen share with Alfred Shaw in some of the Australian ventures, played a beautiful innings for 125 not out, carrying his bat right through against Gloucester. Notts won by nine wickets. W. G. sen., and W. G., jun., who were the first to represent Gloucester, obtained the same figures, but not in the same older. The senior scored 26, the junior 62. Townsend, who played so well against the Players, secured a pair of spectacles.. Barlow and Shrewsbury made their first trip to Australia together, or rather they were in the same tour, though not in the same boat, for the latter was not in the best health when the team left, and he came along a week after. His boat arrived in Sydney harbour on a Sunday afternoon, and, singularly enough, just at the time that a launch was conveying the rest of the team for a trip up the river. Shrews bury was easily espied by his brother cricketers, aud a return was made to pick him up. On his first appearance, the Lancashire pro. gave ample evidence of his stonewalling tactics, for he got amongst the sixties, and, if memory holds good, he saw many of his side depart. The English paper Cricket is slightly out in the following, apropos of thejsecond test match weather. ' Iu estimating the great success of K. S. Raujit sihji and the Australians this season, it must not be forgotten that the very trying weather has been greatly in their favour. Upon English cricketers, especially those who have to play day after day, it has had a disquieting influence, whereas the Aus tralians and the Prince have simply rebelled in it, because it is just what they are accustomed to. It ' may be said that Englishmen do very well in Aus tralia, but when there they have frequently a long, rest ; otherwise they could not stand the strain.' The Australians may be able to stand the hot wea« ther, but they are not used to playing 34 matches, occupying 102 days, straight off, with only ' the* Sundays in between,' like the ^Englishmen are. There is a vast difference between Englishmen in Australia and Australians in England. The first is a breather after the home season* the second is quite the reversto. The proposal to amend the dates- for the inter colonial matches is one that should commend itself to each association. It possesses this one great advan tage— it enables the Australian Eleven to have a much-needed rest, which they otherwise would not have even if they did disband io acordance with the council's instructions by the 30th November. To play our matches without them is comparable to playing 'Hamlet' without the Ghost. Moreover, as the South Australian Association adopted the programme subject to their contingent of the Australian Eleven taking part, the greatest part of the difficulty seems to have been surmounted, and as there does not appear to be much doubt that New South Wales will agree, seeing that the assist ance of the New South Wales section of the Aus tralian Eleven will be secured, it only remains for the Victorian body to acquiesce. Moreover, the suggested alterations are, as a matter of fact, coinci dent with last season's programme. If there be any objection at all it will come from Victoria, which wants the two holidays, Boxing Day and New Tear's Day. We in New South Wales always had to be content with one holiday — viz., Anniversary Day. Aud surely it will be of more advantage to have tbe Australian Eleven in one holiday match and one non -holiday and thus have, if not affected by the weather, assured big gates than shut out the Austra , linns and have two holidays and poor gates. It was originally proposed that the first match of the series— that between New South Wales and South Australia, -at Adelaide— should commenceon the .17th December; New South 'Wales v. Victoria, Boxing Day ^ Near South Wales v. South Aus tralia, at Sydney, 8th January : and New South .Wales v. Victoria, at Sydney, 26th January (Anni versary Day}; It will- 'thus bo seen that if that programme be adhered to all the big matches would take place within a given six weeks, which would necessitate the players of each colony being almost on incessant leave* Another objeotion and a rather substantial one is -that, by the time the Victorian match arrived, within, a fortnight of the South Australian, the public would have had a surfeit of cricket, and would also find some difficulty in attending hoth matches on the off days follow ing so close iipbn one another's heels. To get over this, and at the same time -to enable each colony to be represented by its fullest strength, it is suggested that it would be to the advantage of all concerned for the first match to be that against Victoria on Boxing Bay. ^The New South Wales players could then journey to Adelaide and play on New Year's Day, and then return direct to Sydney. Towards the end of February the South Australians could meet Victoria in Melbourne and come on to Sydney a week [ later, that is in the beginning of March, and play the return match. By this, the interests of the pnblio would be served as well as those of the associa tions in each colony and of ihe players themselves. It would also give the Australian Eleven tune to have a rest before recommencing. Apropos of the second test matchaLondon exchange says : — ' To most people who are in the habit of noticing the contents bills of the evening papers, it must have been amusing to mark the way in which those who were responsible for the headings spared the feelings of their would-be readers. There was 4 Latest Scoring,' followed by ' Exerting Finish ' in not very big capitals, ' Australia's Second Innings ' — by fair the most alluring headline, inasmuch as it awakened curiosity, for why bother about the in nings unless there was something curious abont it ? — and finally ' Result.' Nothing startling such as would have been seen if England had won. A great chance was missed of not utilising the downfall of the first few Australian wickets by a heading ' Kan garoos Collapse.*'. # A new club has been formed to represent the borough of Darlington, and will be known by the title of ' Darlington Borough C.C,' and will compete amongst second juniors. The information that Mr. Barnett, an Australian gentleman in New York on a business visit, thinks that an American team of cricketers would make a great success touring Australia, and in tends interviewing some of the prominent cricketers of the metropolitan district and Philadelphia, Pa., with a view of getting together a team of cricketers to go for a tour of the Land of the Kangaroo, will not call forth much joy from either the eleotorate clubs or the association here. A visit from America is not required, and would only interfere with the club competition. If the year's programme be met with obstades the rising players will be robbed of an opportunity of coming to the front. The movement to form a club among the ' foorce ' met with great success, 80 names being handed in. The new club will embrace the whole of the divi sions in th; metropolitan area. The advantage in having one general club instead of divisional clubs is that greater facilities will be offered for getting a representative team. H. H. Massie headed the list of Commercial Bank averages with 39*5, but did not appear frequently enough to qualify for a trophy. A. D. Moore won no fewer than four trophies for batting and bowl ing, with 23 aud 8*39 respectively. The following are' the office-bearers for ensuing season : — Mr. E. Knox, president; vice- presidents, Hon. Henry Moses, M.L.C., Hon. E. Kater, M.L.C., Messrs. G. J. Cohen, T. A. Dibbs, and R. Jones ; hon. secretary, Mr. H. E. Jones ; hon. treasurer, Mr. A. E. Sefton ; committee, Messrs. J. A. Cooper, A. W. Shadforth, M. S. Grant, M. G. Foley, H. E. J. Lloyd, and E. Moses ; auditors, Messrs. J. Warden and E. A. Austen. Bandwick Borough and Bishopcourt opened the season on Saturday at Raudwick, when the Borough (who are second juniors) won easily by five wickets and 42 runs. Bishopcourt v. who are playing first juniors) made 37, of which Hume made 10. J. Cherry's bowling proved very deadly, he securing six wickets for 11 runs. The Raudwick team at call of time had scored 79 with five wickets down (J. Cherry 22 not out, and C. Gregory 21). Hume bowled best for the losers, securing three wickets for 1? runs. Rand wick Avoca and Coogee Belmore met at Coo {ree, and the latter won by 4 runs after an exciting hnish. Avoca, 43 ; and Coogee Belmore, 47 (Rugles 14, and Walton 10 not out). Catley (six for 28) and Rugles (four for 16) bowled well for the winners, while Graham (six for 14) was most effective for the losers. ' ? ? 