THE POPE'S ENCYCLICAL. By Dr. Horton. Now I want to examine the Encyclical for a few minutes this evening, and I should like to mention first its contents, because I know that many will not have been able to see it. The statements in the letter — they are statements and not argu ments; for it has never been the method of Popes to argue — these statements in the letter are briefly these three : — 'First, that our blessed Lord made Peter the vicar and prince of His Church, the ground and security of the Church's unity ; that He made Peter supreme over all the members of the Church, so that he might be able by his word to revise and reverse the decisions of his fellow Christians ; that our Lord made Peter, in a word, almost impeccable in life, and in all Church matters infallible. The second statement is that these extra ordinary powers and prerogatives entrusted to Peter were transmitted for all time to whosoever might chance in any period of the world's history to be the principal minister of the Church in the City of Rome. And the third statement.is that Leo VLII., being the principal minister of the Church of Rome, has all these extraordinary powers and prerogatives, that he is, in a^word, in fallible, that he is equivalent to Christ Himself; he even ventures to say at the close of this Encyclical ' he is sure the faithful will listeu to our apostolic voice,' (my sheep shall hear my voice,' applying the very words of the Lord to himself. He says that not to obey and not to immediately submit to hiru is equivalent to rejecting our Lord Himself. The Bishops of the English Church he designates ' a lawless and disorderly crowd,' because they do not submit to him ; and we, who are relying on the promisee of Scripture have found Christ to be our Saviour, and have received from His hands, Rome for many years, the tokens of His salvation, His comfort and His joy — we are told that we are trusting not to God but to ourselves in this verified cjnviction, because we do not trust the Pope more than we trust Christ, because we do not commit ourselves to the Church of Rome but to the , living Spirit of God. QUESTIONS NO POPE CAN ANSWER. Now these statements of the Encyclical, imposing and august as they seeui, ave answered very simply, and would not cause any trouble to any person who had made the Scriptures a constant and prayer ful study, during his life. First let us take that first statement about Peter. If our Lord in the words which I have read to night intended to commit to Peter those extraordinary powers and prerogatives, why does not Peter tell us so ? We have several of his sermons, the sermons which began the great work of the Church. We have two of his letters. Why does he not in these sermons and letters mention the fact that he had received power from the Lord for the perpetual government of the Church ? Why, quite the opposite, does he refer several times in his principal letter to the 'great shepherd and bishop of souls,' not meaning himself but his Master ? Why does he speak of ' the chief shepherd who shairappear ' — the very title chat the Pope claims — but refers the title to Jesus Christ and not to himself ? Why does it chance that in this one authentic letter of Peter's, so far from speaking of exercising the authority of a prince, he expressly charges all Christian men not to exercise lordship over the heritage of God? .Perhaps it is said that Peter was too humble and too modest a man to mention the prerogatives which were strictly his. What a pity it is that the Pope has not imitated his modesty and humility ! Or, if it were true that in the Early Church Sc. Peter was recognised as the depository of this supreme preroga tive and power, how was it possible for St. Paul, a man taught of God, in whom tihe Son had been revealed to resist the authority of Peter, and to be perfectly ignorant, as the whole passage and the whole New Testament shows, that in resisting Peter he was resisting the appointed vicar of' Christ ? Now these are simple questions which the Pope cannot answer, and never could. WHAT MADE THE REFORMATION. Now, I want to put in a word what itwas that made the Reformation, that makes it still, and will make it to the end of time. It was this which makes the claims of the Pope to day so insubstantial that 'even a very feeble person like myself can literally prick them, and bring them down from the skies by a mere quotation from Scripture. It was this. The organised Church labour ing under the frailties and the corruptions which were already seen and foretold in the New Testament itself, developed as an institution in the world, gradually and unconsciously, assimilating to itself human errors, human superstition, human idola tries, what are called in Scripture ' the elements of the word,' and as she assimilated them she adapted them herself, not alto gether unconsciously, to natural human weaknesses. The darkness which she could not dispel she accepted ; the things which she could not conquer she became reconciled to and received into her bosom — that is to say, the very darkness which would not apprehend tho Gospel was received into the Church because it did not apprehend it. Let me give you an illustration which is peculiarly striking. When the Jesuit missionaries, Huc and Jabet, went to Tibet in 1845 they were dismayed to find that in the worship of Buddhism occurred the greater part of the ecclesiastical usages of the Roman Church. In the Buddhist temples were the crosier, the mitre, the dalrnatica, the cope, the service with two choirs, the use of censors held by five chains, the Lamas extended their hands in blessing the people precisely as the Roman priest did, the beads were used for prayers ; the priesthood celibate, worship of saints, processions, litanies, holy water, were all in use amongst the Buddhists, and the pious Jesuit priests wrote home that they sup posed this must be a trick of the devil, imitating the rites of the Catholic Church in order to put tho priests and the faithful to confusion. But, of course, the simple fact was this, that these and many other things of the Roman Church are simply the unregenerate tendencies of human nature, of paganism as it has always existed, which were imperceptibly adopted by the Church in the thousand years between Constantine and the Reformation. Now that a great Church should receive into itself corrup tions and errors is no cause for wonder, and certainly no cause for raillery and con tempt ; but let us remember— here is the peculiar horror of the Church of Rome — that she has accepted a view of her own infallibility which makes concrete every error she has adopted, and whatever the Church has received, all she practises, her opinions, and her tenets must be accepted as the gift and teaching of the Holy Ghost, though we know that they are the mere product of the world's paganism. Refor mation in the Church of Rome is impossible, because her doctrine is that her errors as well as her truths are the teaching of the Holy Ghost. Reason in the Church of Rome is killed because you are not per mitted to question her teaching, but must, as the condition of entrance, bow absolutely before it. And tyranny in the Church of Rome is inevitable, because the whole of these supreme powers from age to age are firmly convinced if they are good men, and hold to it equally firmly if they are bad men, that they are the chosen representa tives of God, and that when they speak God is speaking through them. Now, it is all important lor England to-day to grasp this simple fact of history, to understand that the Church's development was for a thousand years the constant reception into her bosom of the corruptions and the defilements of the world, and the canonisa tion of her errors by her fatal doctrine of her infallibility. Rome's cause hopeless. But now I want to point out to you why you and I, if we are Christian men, should have no irritation and certainly no alarm in this which is supposed to be ihe growth of the power of Rome in England. The simple reason why the cause of Rome is a hopeless cause, a losing cause, is this, that that the actual development of the Church has drifted away from the apostolic stand point, from the teaching of the apostles themselves, and from the writings which have come down to us as the sacred deposit of antiquity. The one hope of Rome, the only hope of Rome, would be either to destroy the New Testament or to prevent us studying it. The Church tells us she has herself preserved the Soriptures and handed them down to us. Excellent 1 She has done well. We bless her for it ; but she has handed down to us and preserved for us the sword of God, that is her death, like the cuckoo which builds in the nest of the hedge-sparrow, and dominates the nest in ..... which it was reared. If the Church could have destroyed the New Testament, all would have been well. She, unhappily, preserved it. Now, when I say that I enter upon an immense field of inquiry which it is im possible to cover, I am only going to refer you for one minute to three of the points, most obvious and easily verifiable, in which the Jteaching and practice of the Roman Church have deviated hopelessly from the teaching of the New Testament. * First of all the doctrine of the New Testament is a doctrine of salvation by the grace of God ; it is not of works, lest any man should boast. All religions before, and all religions since, have supposed that men could be saved by merit of their own. It was the startling message of the Gospel, embodied in the very centre of St. Paul's teaching, that God had a more excellent way, and by His grace ,He would save us, and not by works of righteousness that we have done. Now that doctrine of the New Testament was preserved until the days of Augustine, and it appeared to emerge victoriously from the great conflict which Augustine waged against Pelagius, but the conquered doctrines conquered the Church, and the idea of Mary which Augustine disproved became slowly and surely the central thought of the Roman religion. To this day the teaching of Romanism revives the whole conception that it is by works of merit we do that we shall be saved. By our fastings and prayers, our asceticisms, our pilgrimages, our gifts, we may be saved, and the Church of Rome has even gone the length of believing that the saints may not only manifest merit enough to save themselves, but such a surplus of merit that it is available for the defects of other Christians- that is the doctrine of works of supererogation. It is the teaching of the Church of Rome all through that you will be saved by works. That is Buddhism, that is Paganism, that is just the point which Christianity re verses. And, of course, it follows from that, when the centre is shifted from the grace of God to the work of merit that we are doing, all the bright and beautiful assurance of the Christian life must disappear. . The Church of Rome teaches that it is presump tion for you and me to know that we have passed from death unto life, presumption for us to rest in the finished work of Jesus, and to say that we are conscious of the glad, new life. Even so eminent a saint as the late Cardinal Manning, a saint after the very heart of the Roman Church, accepting the doctrine of Mary instead of the doctrine of Christ, could write at the end of his life to one of his friends, ' I need all the prayers 1 can get, not only to keep out of purgatory, but to get into it.' On the doctrine of the Church of Rome Manning had no right to. believe that he was even saved, though the whole New Testament turns on the glad conviction that we have passed from death unto life, that we are born again through faith in Jesus Christ. I think you will see, even in so hasty a statement, how the Church of Rome has drifted precisely to the antipathies ot the doctrine of the apostles upon the central thought of the means of salvation. As an outcome of the Eev. D. O'Don nell's mission, a Junior Christian En deavour Society has been started at the Paddington Wesleyan Church. At the last meeting of the Executive Committee o£ the N.S.WJ Christian Endeavour TJnion seven new societies were reported. Four of these are Wesleyan societies. We are informed that a most success ful Society has been formed in connec tion with our Coonatnble Church. Cottage meetings are being revived in the Hawkes Bay district, New Zealand. Much good will undoubtedly result. 