Political and Social. Mr Watcliorn, junior, is in the field for Engborough. Parliamentary Debating Society will not meet natal Friday next, when the Woman Suflrage discussion will be opened by Mr Ronald Smith. Mr John Henry, speaking at the : Con ference of Chambers of Commerce, declared that without a Customs revenue Australia would be unable to meet h«r engagements. " Did any one in this room ever hear sound reason for taxing land except for the purpose of getting revenue ?" asks Cap- tain Miles, M.H.A. The necessity for abolishing those who live on the labor of others, without giving anything in return, ought to be a sound enough reason. The Maggie Moore season in Launceston has been a rippling success. A fresh piece was staged each evening in a manner tha that left nothing -to be desired, and reflected infinite credit upon the management. The company left for Melbourne yesterday, taking with them the very best wishes of Launceston theatre-goers. Captain Miles says that when the present system of land taxation is abolished the purpose for which he entered Parliament will be accomplished. Ho, ho ! So the Cap- tain doesn't believe in taxing the unearned increment. This should be worth something to an opponent at election time, and the statement is worth something even now. It explains what has always been a mystery. At the Bushman testimonial meeting several members of Parliament and other prominent citizens declared that they had at various times been put to considerable expense, and had bean much exasperated, at the Sanitary Officer's persistent prosecution of hie duty in regard to drainage, etc. It never seemed to strike them that they were giving themselves away as a fearfully insanitary crowd. Captain Miles, addressing his constituents at Buckland, evidently tried to raise the ghost of the old town v. country warfare. He regretted that the country members were divided as to Ministerial policy in connection with land value taxation. Some politicians are wofully afraid that the mortgaged farmers and rack-rented town tenants will make common cause against their common enemy, land monopoly, so they take every opportunity of resuscitating class antagonism. The jabilee of • Archbishop Murphy's episcopal consecration is an event without precedent in Australia, and it is one in which all classes of the community will heartily participate. The venerable prelate is one of Tasmania's foremost public men, and, thongh his authority is necessarily confined to his own flock, there have been occasions when his influence has averted disorder and possible riot. A meeting will be held in the Church of the Apostles on Sunday evening, the 21st inst, to devise a scheme for fittinglymarking a unique event. A weli-attended meeting of the council of the Progressive Liberal Association was held on Friday evening last, the president (Mr Macdonald, M.HJL) occupying the chair. The main business discussed was the adoption of a uniform name and platform with the Hobart democrats, and it was decided that the president and secretary should represent the association at a conference to be held with the members of the Democratic Club. Mr A. J. Ogilvy, of Richmond, was present, and delivered a cheering and thoughtful address on the aims and methods of democracy. Alfred Deakin, M.L. A, (Vic^, is the latest to declare for sooiolism. At the Australian Church, Flinders-street, on Sunday week, he advocated: "A new economics whose practical aims would be to •how how much wealth might be produced by the least expense of human life and wellbeing, and by forms of labor by which men and women might find worthy and congenial lines, and br an organisation of industry by means of which wealth would be distributed, not by competition and scramble, but by the generous emulation of moral men, with a definite social ideal of life before them." A distinct effort was- made at the Bushman meeting, by two or three individuals who arc never by any chance on the side jof the people, to raise the cry of " class legislation," " democratic tyranny," etc., etc., but somehow their suggestions didn't catch on. Though the personal friends of the discharged Sanitary Officer may naturally enough feel sore at the proceedings of the Municipal Council, and may reasonably express that soreness by tcstimonialising Mr Bushman, the attempt, at such a -meeting, to give the affair political significance is blundering idiocy of the most virulent type. If the Carters, and Wilsons, and Edgells, and Gilmores, and e - - n ns ve d»°y Mr Josiah Thomas, who refused to travel pubUcly to Broken Hill with Queensland co-ercionst Tozer, was struck off the roll of magistrates for siding with the Barrier miners in the strike of 1892. Then Broken Hill replaced the letters J.F. with a most emphatic M.F. At last Friday's meeting of the P.D.S., parties were very evenly divided. Mr Woods announced his election as Opposition leader, and received the congratulations of the Speaker and the Government thereon. The Licensing Bill was taken into committee, but the first clause had not been disposed of at closing time. The " wealth" tax advocated by the Tetrogressionuts, and which may possibly become law if the people of this colony don't 6tay awake, seeks to spare the illgotten and unearned wealth of the land monopolist. • and tax the results of labor. In other words, its seeks to perpetuate the insane imposition of a fineon any man who improves his holding. The Undesirable Immigrants' Bill is likely to be passed into law during the forthcoming session of M.L. Parliament. And, says our correspondent, nearly time too. A Dunedin Chinaman has just been committed for trial for criminal assault on a fourteen-year-old girl. Evidence disclosed that a troop of girls from ten years upwards had been decoyed into visiting Chinese dens. Land, land, oh, give us land," is what the'people cry. The M.L. Opposition said the cry for land was etoney dead. The Seddon Government are still acquiring estates under last year's Act, which permits acquisition at a fair price. For every ballot there are hundreds more applicants than sections. The most practical Minister for Lands in Australasia is John M'Kenzie. Premier Turner (V.) is reported to have said that he didn't suppose even Australians resident in England would he loyally enthusiastic to pay mare than -twice on the same income. Turner is evidently developing lramorous tendencies which Lord Brassey should promptly squelch. This in order to preserve intact. " those silken bonds what bind hus to the dear hold mother land." Interviewed on the income tax snavel of the English Chancellor, Premier Turner said that he did not regard the matter as casus belli, but Victoria's only remaining gun boat might be despatched to England as sort of mild remonstrance. Strange that nobody seems/to have much sympathy with the unfortunate absentees, no matter how many income taxes they may have to ante np. Dr J. T. Wilson, the newly-appointed Health Officer, has entered upon the discharge of his duties, and has had interviews with the Mayor with reference to the future working of his department. The doctor will be given office accomodation in the Police Court buildings, and the officers of the Sanitary and Slaughter House Departments will be placed under his direct and undivided control. The public are to be congratulated upon -having secured Dr Wilson's services. The deputation from the Town Boards 1 Conference, which waited on the Attorney- General on Wednesday, put a sprag in the wheel of. the " capital value "tax and the proposed " wealth " tax. It strongly urged that the tax on improvements had rained the building trade at both ends of the island, and was the bed-rock of jerrybuilding. People wonld not pat up decent houses if they were to be taxed on the s value of the edifice. The tax should be levied on the value of the land, exempting c all improvements. Mr Clark expressed himself entirely in accord with the views of the deputation. Exactly two dozen weighty citizens assembled in Xoolcy-strcet (or, rather, the Mechanics' Institute) on Thursday rftemoon to consider the advisability of testimonialising the ex SanitaryiOfficer. It was agreed to send him a nice cheap letter, signed by the aforementioned two dozen weighty individuals, and as many others as could be induced to sign or make their duly attested marks, settingiorth, amongst other things, in a neat round hand, and without any flourishes worth mentioning, that the afore said Sanitary Officer was the finest S.O. they had ever seen, and that the Municipal Council had no business to dispense with his services; Sundry membc-is of Parliament, with two aldermen, and several ex-aldermen held prominent places among the redoutable four and twenty. Mr Button was pressed to preside, and, as a result, the proceedings of the other twenty-three were as unanimous as the importance of the occasion demanded t m a t t 