A PROTESTANT PROTEST and A CATHOLIC CAUTION. — , — + ? Religion, blushing, veils her sacred fires, And unawares Morality expires. Nor public flame, nor private dares to shine ; 5?or human spark is left, nor glimpse divine '. Lo ! thy dread Empire, Chaos, is renter' d ; Light dies before thy unereating word ; Thy hand, great Anarch ! lets the eurtain fall ; And universal darkness buries all. Thus did, Pope, in his immortal Danciad, depict the consequences of cant, humbug, and hypocrisy. To a similar pass have the same -vices brought public affairs in New South Wales. For nearly half a century in sincere religion has been made the cloak for rotten politics. Political corruption has been the palladium of a perverse Protestantism, the foundations of whose supremacy was laid in the convict days when the alleged pastors of Christ's people made themselves the allies of military ruffianism and civil scoundrelism, whose instruments were the lash, the gyves and the gallows. The persecution to which the Protestant ruffianism of a convict colony subjected Catholics in New South Wales in the early days has been revived in these latter days in another form. Then, Catholics were regarded as social pariahs without political rights ; they were even denied the exercise of their religion ; and scores of them were tortured to death at the triangles, or sent more swiftly to tlttrir doom on the scaffold without the consolatory and fortifying rites of their church in the last, sad, solemn hour of death. Al though there were thousands of Catho lics in the Colony, it was not until 1803, as Coghlan officially states, that ' a grudging recognition was extended to Roman Catholics, one of whose chaplains was then placed on the Go vernment establishment.' Prior to this, the majority of Catholics, brutally driven to death under a cursed convict system, were allowed to Die like dull dogs and rot, Thrust foully into earth to be forgot. These were, indeed, martyrs to ' the system,' many of them, nay, the majority of them, having been sent out to herd with English murderers, poisoners, cutthroats, thieves, and un natural monsters, for the awful offence of conspiring with their own countrymen, in their own' land, to fret themselves from the terrible tyranny of a degrading alien domination of' a hostile , church, an absentee landlordism and \a suborned judiciary. Until Catholic, Emancipa tion was consummated in England Catholics (whose onjy crime had been that of resisting English role) had neither part nor lot in the Government of the country, while emancipated homicides mounted the political; lugb horse and rode roughshod over them. With Responsible Government a new era dawned. Catholics obtained and exercised full political rights, and lived in peace and amity with their fellow-citizens of other faiths. These were the halcyon days of civil con cord in New Sonth Wales. Alas ! how short was their duration ! Hardly had the people begun to fully appreciate the blessings of religious toleration and of political freedom, devoid of seer tarian strife, than the flames of bigotry and religious rancour were ignited, and the passions of rival sects let loose for the purpose of promoting the sinister designs of political incendiaries. When the late Sir Henry Parkes raised the Kiama Ghost, and made the attempt of the drunken maniac O'Parrell on the life of the Duke of Edinburgh at Clontarf the pretext for promulgating his own concocted plan of a Fenian conspiracy, be ushered in the reign of religious rivalry, social discord and unpatriotic political strife. That a bad and wicked Catholic Premier, like the late Sir JAMES Martin, lent his support and counten ance to this dastardly design, neither mitigates novcoadones Parkbs' heinous ©fence againBt the Commonwealth. jB&h; PAESEB-aad J^l^&V;«BJ& nator and the abettor, branded them selves with an indelible infamy, aud both, as was meet, descended into the grave 'unwept, unhonored and un sung.' Parkss, the atheistic strife, monger, was deserted in his life time, and unregretted after death, by the ignorant- and ruffianly Orange rabble whom he had led in paths of social and political anarchy; even as Sir James Martin, the unfaithful, rene gade Catholic was loathed by those of the faith he had deserted and despised. These two bad men were equal in the irreligious and immoral infamy of their lives, and in death they are not divided. To them Mask Antony's words, uttered over the murdered CÆSAR'S corse, most fittingly apply The evil that men do lives after them, The good is oft interred with their bones. Any gocd they may have done lies hidden under the monumental infamy of their joint crime against Religion, Liberty, and Law. These remarks are prefatory to the protest now about to be made against a spurious political Protestant ism, aud to the admonitory reproof to ,be administered to an apathetic and supine Catholicism — both of which have been too long delayed. For the last twenty-five years the forces of ignor ance, bigotry, and anarchy, enrolled in and controlled by a secret sectarian combination, have had the upper hand in this country. Identifying itself with an alien foreign fiscal policy, a sectarian minority — rebellious in its origin, anti-social in its principles, and anarchical in its methods — has managed by the most factious contriv ances to seize upon and keep control of the political machine. Parliament has been made to subserve the per sonal ends of corrupt politicians, and the sinister designs of a secret society, regardless of the expressed will and wishes of the people. Under the detestable domination of a dastardly Orange clique, All seems infected that tV infected spy, And all looks yellow to the jaundie'd eye. Orangeism, amid a complication of reli gious, social, and political ills, is the cluef curse of the country. Whatever is ignorant, whatever is ignoble, whatever is bigoted, and whatever is wicked in the public and private life of this country, clusters around and is centred in that contemptible and cowardly combination. With the decline of the physical and mental vigor of Parkes, its principal political partisan, came the hope that Orangeism would also wither and die. That this hope would have been realised there was every reason to believe, until the unfortunate advent of a disturbing element into the political arena nipped it in the bud,' and caused it to be abandoned by 'all respectable and decent men and women of every creed and .party. The. Labor Party, so called, claimed and secured a large measure of the public confidence on the distinct and reiterated promise that it would enter . Parliament as an independent party, and free from sec tarian prejudice. They were, accord ing to their hustings pledges and plat form, promises, to. put an end to the feign of religious rivalries within the walls of the Assembly, and to compel a candid aild 'constant consideration of wholesome legislation, without refer ence to the aims of corrupt wire pullers or the machinations of secret societies. How have 'these profuse, promises been fulfilled ? What has been. the result of their. advent to Par liament ? Every promise and pledge has been broken ; political corruption has - been intensified ; Parliamentary anarchy deepened ; religion prostituted to the vilest purposes, and the public life of the country so degraded that the name ;of .politics, -politicians and Parliament have become bye-word6 and terms of opprobrium, and the very ' idea of entering the avena of public, life - abhorrent to capable, honest, and honorable men peculiarly fitted to serve their country in that particular sphere. All this is mainly, if not solely, due to the Labor Party. Though many of them are atheistic, as regards religious belief, and anarchical in their political ideas — notwithstanding their blatant, but ignorant, professions of Socialism — public life, sold themselves to the sec tarian strife-mongers, and allied them selves. to the forces of Conservatism. Elected in 1891 as tho opponents of Parkes, the head of the Orange faction, they, on the most impudent pretexts, supported him, and went over in a body to the sectarian camp to perpetuate the reign of religious rancour and bigotry. To-day, and for two years past, tiny have proved thsm~ selves the devoted adherents of a Con servative, lawyer- ridden Ministry, with the name of God on their lips, deceit in their hearts, a smile in cheek, while they dupe and delude the workers into con doning a policy wliich deprives them of work and leaves tftem without bread. This support of a conservatism at home, which surrenders everything to the alien, by inviting competition from abroad, is dictated by a still more dastardly conservatism, which prompts the Labor Party to condone everything and support anything in order to con serve to themselves their Parliamentary salaries. They have never yet ousted a Ministry, and never will — if they cau help it. Cowardly in conscience, corrupt in motives, and mediocre in mind, they have sold themselves to party, and hired themselves out as the pimps of a secret society. They are the political Pratorians of our public life, who have betrayed the people in the most truculently treacherous manner from the basest of motives. Made up as they are of atheists, anarchists, adulterers, fanatics, and hypocrites, their presence in Parlia ment; has degraded religion, per petuated strife and discord, and wrought anarchy aud ruin in every department of the State, aud, in every branch of private and public industry and* enter prise. They are the pimps of a' vile and vicious Protestantism, wliich is controlled by the 'bosses' of Organised Re ligious Rowdyism working against the peace and weal of tlie Commonwealth from within the secrecy of Orange Lodges. In the name of all sincere and patriotic Protestants, in the name of all lovers of political purity, in the name of the promoters of social peace, and in the name of true religion, Troth denounces these political pirates, sec tarian scoundrels and social scamps, and protests against their presence in Parliament, and against all their works. So much for the protest on behalf of a healthy, a liberal, and an en lightened Protestantism. What shall be said, what can be said, by way of admonition and caution to a supine aud apathetic Catholicism ? Simply this: Catholics in New South Wales are largely to blame for the present condition of public affairs, about which they so loudly complain. To their own callousness and indifference is: to be attributed the prevalent political cor- ? ruption, the .' Parliamentary, anarchy, and public demoralisation. They have allowed themselves to be made the dupes of designing demagogues; they have permitted themselves to be in veigled into the snares laid for them by Labor Leagues packed by Orange men and controlled by Orange Lodges. The majority of the Labor Leagues are but branches of the L.O.L. Nevertheless, these leagues included, and still in clude, among their most influential workers scores, nay hundreds, of Catholics who have allowed them selves to be made the blind instru ments of the avowed enemies of their faith, and of the liberal political prin ciples to' which Catholics, as' a body, are devoted. What crass ignorance, what stupid infatuation can have in duced sincere Catholics to surrender themselves and their political rights into the hands of the political satellites of^the L.O.L., conspiring in secret with the forces of Atheism and Anarchy ? It cannot be denied — the fact is too patent to admit of denial — that thou sands of Catholics have, allowed their political conscience to be captured by the L.O.L. wire-pullers of the Labor Leagues. Thonsands of . Catholic working men .cast their votes , in favor of Labor League Candidates. The Catholic vote is mainly responsible for the return of at least a dozen Atheistical-Anarchical Labor Leaguers, everyone of whom is cither an avowed or a disguised Orangeman. Blinded by the blatant bellowings of ignorant stump orators, aud deceived by false notions of ' loyalty to Labor,' they have unconsciously sold their political birthright and inflicted a deep wrong on themselves and their fellow workers. The Catholic vote is res ponsible for the presence in Pavlia ment of a whole shoal of Protestant as Black, Cook, Davis, Hughes, Dacey, Laws, Wiuks, Faoan, and political lay parsons, pulpit punfchers, and Orange, emissaries lite M:*Gowe-}, 1-tfoES, .Smailes, Thomas, ' Tom ' Browk, Caun, Whiddon, Lonsdam, McLean, Ander son, Affleck, Ball, Cotton, and fully a dozen other equally savage sectaries, would never have polluted Parliament ?with their presence. Let Catholics consider well this collection of Orange helots whom they have helped to put into Parliament. Is there a single one among them to whom either for ability, integrity, patriotism, and manner of life, a decent Protestant, not to speak of an honest Catholic, could give a vote without deserving to bs disfranchised? Not one.. They are the fungi of the sectarian dung heap ; Orange offal ; and if not that, then the offscourings of atheism, and anarchy, with which Catholics have not been ashamed to politically and socially defile themselves. It is' notorious that their number includes one infamous adulterer, more than one drunkard, several gamesters, and many foul livers, yet such as these have managed to cajole and capture the consciences of Catholics ! These are the men who sit in the high court of Parliament to make laws for men and women whose company and family circles their very presence would pol lute as with a moral pest. Let it be- admitted that Catholics have been deluded and deceived in this matter ; that is no excuse for the gross neglect, of public duty which their support of such notorious enemies of true religion, and of private and public morality, displays. They have allowed them selves to be duped and led away by the cry of Labor, raised by worthless men, whose only connection with Labor has been to five upon the workers without working, by promoting strikes and agitations which invariably left the wage- earners worse off than ever, and, which have culminated: in the pre sent degraded and destitute state of the masses. Catholics, as Catholics, to whom their faith and church are living and: eternal truths, cannot, without grievous wrong to the one and the other, have part or lot with these sala cious political parasites. Their votes are a sacred trust to be conscientiously cast in favor of ' religion, liberty, and law.' It is their duty to join with the best elements of their Protestant feilow citizens to put men of intellect, morality, probity, and patriotism, into Parliament, instead of what Parkes once called the 'crimps and black legs of our public life,' who have now become the chartered pimps of the L.O.L. Let Catholics remember that the L.O.L., which has thus managed with their aid to swamp Parliament with their emissaries through the medium of the Labor League, also works through the intermediary of numerous other organisations. Every Methodist, Wesleyan, Congregational, ? and Presbyterian chapel is an active branch of ,the L.O.L. ; every tempe rance organisation outside the Catholic Church, -such as the Local Option. League, the Good -Templars, the Sons and Daughters :pf- Temperance, tiie1 Eechabites, and Blue Eibbon Army,' is! closely connected with the L,0.L., and run by the Orange faction. All the forces of intrigae, conspiracy, disorder, lawlessness, and anarchy, are on the Orange side. A notorious drunkard or a flagitious adulterer, without edu cation or ability, is preferred to a man of culture, capacity, conscience, and courage, as being better fitted to do the dirty work required of them in Parliament. Yet with all these facts staring them in. the face, Catho lics, allowed themselves to be bam boozled ,and bulldozed by the Orange wirepullers in the Labor Leagues, and rushed with the ignorant, atheistical, anarchical mob, like the swine in Scripture, down the steep place of public confusion into the deep sea of confusion worse confounded. In this way, Catholics- have betrayed a public and private trust, and inflicted an injury on the State, and perpetrated a wrong against religion and morality. But the damage so suddenly done may be as quickly repaired. Now that the conspiracy,by which their votes were filched from them under the false pre tence of serving the cause of Labor, has been- divulged ; now that the identity and objects of the conspirators have been . disclosed ; and now that the whole ramifications of the Orange plot have been laid bare, it behoves Catholics, one and all, to arouse them selves, close up their ranks in one solid, compact phalanx, and putting themselves in 'political alliance with all that is honorable, decent, and patriotic among the Protestant com munity, help to put an end to the degrading domination of a sinister secret society, which has defiled reli gion, debased public and private morality, and debauched the public life of the country. 