THE RAINFALL. After threatening for two or three days, . light rain Bet in on Wednesday night, which continued through the night end culminated in a thunderstorm with a heavy downpour. The total fall recorded on Thursday morning was 190 points. The rain appears to have been general, though not so heavy elsewhere. The returns received at the telegraph office yesterday morning were as follows.: — .??-...- roims. Balranald ? 28 Bathnrst ... ... ... ... ]6 Booligal ? ... ;.. 27 Bonrke ? 14 Broken Hill ? 46 \- Oobar , ? '..., ... 49 . Condoblin ? 19 Coonamble ? ' 8 Oowra ? 17 Deniliquin ? 64 Dubbo ip ? 6 Euaton ? 18 ForbeB ' ? _ 13 Germ an ton ? 71 Grenfell ? ? 39 Goulburn .- ? * ? 3 Goodooga ? - ... 15 Gunnedaa ? ]2 Gnndagai .. ... ... ... 105 Hay ? 30 . . Howlong ? .„ ... 80 . HiUston ? 60 Jerilderie ... , ? 74 Junee ... ... ... .„ 120 Lake Oadgellico ... ' ... ... C5 Loath , ? ^ ... 15 Maxsdens ? 18 Moree ? 8 Monlamein ? 37 Mossgiel ' ? , ... 38 Menindie ? 13 Modgeo' ? .... ... 26 Narandera ? 93 Narrabri ? 10 Nymagee ? 50 Orange ... .M ... ... 13 Parkes ? ? ? 24 Foonoarie ? ... 20 Temora ? ... 148 Tocnmwal ? . ... - ... 105 Urana ' ? 75 Wagga- ? 65 Walbnn.drie ? 165 Wellington ? 12 We'ntwbrth .;. ... ... ... 30 Wilc&nnia; ... ... ... ... 32 Ybimg ' ... ... ... ... &2 We are indebted for the foregoing to the courtesy of the local telegraph master, Mr. Parsons, and his staff. The River.-— The Murray yesterday wa8: 6ft. 3in. over summer level. -ZTo Correspondents. — ' Subscriber/' Whit 'tKnii— 3Jour tant containB!2049 yflids, SmaIiL Debts Court — At this court on Wednesday there were no cases to be dealt with. The Brookong Selections — The ballot for Brookonp, Noweronie, and Qoree home etead selections and Noweronie settlement leases will be held at Urana at 9 o'clock a.m. on Wednesday, 23rd September. The Purchase of Brookong. — A monster meeting is to be held next month at Henty for the purpose of urging the Government to resume tbe Brookong Estate for settlement. Mr. Lyne, we understand, has promised to attend. New Patent.— Mr. R. Waters, of Sydney, patent agent, reports having obtained a cer tificate of provisional protection for an improvement - in the comb of a stripper or harvester, invented by Mr. Edward Heppuer, of Walla Walla. Bankruptcy Court. — A meetlrg in the eatate of John Pieica, corporation labourer, was held yesterday by Mr. Burnett, district registrar No creditors appeared, and, the bankrupt having answered the usual format q leations, the meeting closed. Sugar Beet. — Di\ Andre wo hag received fr;m the D.'pftrtmentof Agriculture a quantity ot sugar' beet seed. Farmer* anxious to try tbia crop can obtain sufficient to plant an acre on applying tiny day at 2 p m at Di\ Andiewa' residence in Q ive-elroet. Mr. Bill offers a priza at the. next show of £1 for the best bag of sngar beet. Sale, of Station Property —The sale has been effected i-y Mtssra. W. G. Crockett and Co, stock and station agents, Corowa, on occuunt of Mr. C. Hutton, the Clear Creek run, citnfited near E dorado, Victoria, together with.340 acres freehold land, 13,000 sheep and lambs (in. the wool), working plant, &j.;, at a satisfactory figure for cash. Demand itor Agricultural Land.— Mr. B. T. Ball, M L A., hat) presented a putition to the Minister for Linda signed by 395 intend ing selectors, who were assembled at Urana on the 10th instant, with the ol ject of getting one of the blocks of land then thrown open. The petitioners ask the Minister to throw open all available land as soon br possible for home stead selection ard settlement. New Music — We have received from Messrs. PaliDg and Co., Sydney, a copy of that pretty walz 'The Silver Stream,' dedicated by special permission to Lord and Lady Hampden, and composed by Mias Sjlvia Blsckston, who also composed the well-known Eruba Wall z, Carbine Schottischo, G-een Okfl Qivotte, and many others. To lovers of 0 good waliz wo can recommend her latest pro duction. Flower Stealing —Great complaints have been. made of late ot the practice of Bteaiing fljwers from front gardens in different parts of the town. On Monday a boy named Ridgie, who had been caught in the garden of Mr. E Pinkau, was brought up charged with being unlawfully on the promises. He was sen tenced to 24 hours' imprisonment. O 1 Tues day another lad named William Hunt, simi larly' charged, pleaded guilty, and waB ordered to be locked up for 24 hours. ' Electric Lighting.— We understand that Mr. Alcock, proprietor of the apparatus for the electric lighting of the exhibition, hss been asked by the Mayor to furnish particulars as to the cost of a plant for street lighting. Oa Monday he went out to the waterworks with a view to determine whether the engine there would afford sufficient motive power for the purpose. It was ascertained, however, that another engine of 100 horse- power would be necessary. Mr. Alccck was asked to submit an estimate of the probable coBt of the most economical scheme, and he promised to comply with the request. Eailwat Freights on Flour and Grain. — A deputation, consisting ot Mr. E. E. Conolly, of Goulburn, Mr. D. Stratton, Coota mundra, and Mr. James Hayes, of Albury, waited on the railway commissioners last week by invitation in reference to the new railway rates for the conveyance of flour and grain. Country millers and the public generally will be pleased to learn that these gentlemen re ceived promising assurances that the rates would be re-considered, and that it is probable the old rebate system will be reverted to as the only means of equitably adjusting the differential rates. The Show Prize List— In class D first prz? for two-year-old shorthorn heifer went to Mr. W. J Turner, Ssony Park. In the same class, section 5. the second priz 1 was awarded to Mr. J. W. Giieve's cow. Mrs. Moar took the first pr zs for pickled onions. The ewe of Mr. A. M'Bean which took champion priza in grass- fed class was also awarded the priza as grand champion ewe in the yard. This ewe was champion at Wagga Wagga, and was bred by Mr. S M'Caughey, of Coonong. She was shorn on Wednesday, the fleece weighing 181b. Messrs. D avieB and Hamilton were awarded first priza for tip dray. Ryan's Conditional Purchases —The report ot the select committee on Ryan's con ditional purchases in the Wagga land district, which was laid on the table of the Assembly last week, Btates tbat Thomas Ryan, Ellen Bray, and Annstasia Ryan selected land at the Wagga land office on the 8th Dacember, 1881, but as a consequence of wrong information furnished by a departmental officer, and sub sequent laches on the part of the department, they were unable to profitably and peacefully ?lee the lands so selected until a validation bill '?nd been passed in 1888. As a consequence Thomas Byan was put to considerable expense, and the committee .recommends these cases to the favourable cons duration of the Government. Selectors in Arrears — Some time ago Mr. K -se asked the Mibister of Lands to permit the Crown land agent in Goulburn to accept a portion of money due when the whole amount was not forthcoming. The following is the departmental reply, which to some extent compromises the matter : — '* Sir, — The Crown land agent at Goulburn, in declining to accept part payment of instalments due on conditional purchases, has acted in accordance with general practice, and If the selector 1b anxious to pay part of an instalment that is overdue he should communicate with this department, and the Minister may eee fit to authorise the Crown land agent and treasury to receive a proportion of the money overdue, and defer consideration of forfeiture for a few months.' The Organ Recital.— In spite of the heavy rain and uneettled state of the weather, a fairly lerge number assembled to hear the organ recital on Sunday afternoon last at St. Patrick's Church. The- programme was ?s follows : — ' Ave Maria,' by Miss' M'Donald, was very sweetly eung. Mr. Drury gave ' Scar of Bethlehf m' in a very capable manner. ' He was Despised ' (vrom the Messiah) was sung by Mrs. Wlgmore, with much sympathy »nd expression. Mrs. Vipan's powerful voic» whs heard to advsntage in ' He Shall Feed His Flo:k' (Messiah) 'Jerusalem,' by Mr. Headley, with chorns ry the choir, was very . ffective. ' The Holy City,' by Miss O'Brien, was vory brilliantly rendered — that lady's voice q'lite fillinpr the whole church. The duet ' Ave Vurum,' by Mrs. D'Ascy and Mrs. Wiginore, whb sung verv sweetly and expres sively ; the two voices blending most harmoni ously together. Mr. Davis Sim?, organist, gave three organ solos, and one number was rendered by the choir. The amount realised was £-i odd. The Canadian Healer.— At the Yarra wongt police court on the 10lh lnet., the ' Canadian healer,' J. H. DuflLt, who was last month arrested on two charges of fraudulent representation, but waB discharged, was sued by persons from whom he had received sub stantial fees ' to effect cures' for the recovery of their money. John Miller claimed £6 5 3., James M'Mahon claimed £3 63., and a third claimed £4 15% The three claims came before Mr. Dobbiu, P.M , on Friday. In Miller's case a portion of the money had been repaid, and the case was adj -urned to the 7cb October. In M'Mahon's cn--e a fraud summons had ieaued t- recover £3 5s., and £1 16'. costs, a previous order of the court ; but as defendant had paid all but 303., counsel for claimant agreed to an arj ournnient to the 7th October. In O'D wyer's ctae-, defendant had paid 30j., leaving a balance owing of £3 5j,, and an order was mado for chis amount with 26 1. costs, by distress Duflot did not appear, but had promised the complainants In each case that he would pay the amounts sued for. A Marvel in Needlework— Among the articles exhibned at 1 ha b. z^ar in connection wish the Industrial Exhibition, was a wonder ful specimen of needlework, the property of Mrs. W. Kiddle, of Wa'.bundrie, and shown at Mrp. J. Wilkinson's stall. The work was executed at Dresden, and represents a view of tbat city showing the cathedral, bridge, police barracks, and another church, on an oblong piece of lawn about 8in. by 12in. The deli cacy of the atitohing may be imagined when we state tbat even on this small scale all de tails of the several buildings are reproduced with photographic accuracy, even to the figures of saints which are introduced for ornamenta tion in the cathedral. But beautiful as is the picture when examined on a table or hangirg against a wall, still more wonderful effects are obtained when it is held up against the light. The picture then shows out like a highly finished pencil drawiDg with perfect perspec tive and full effects cf light and shade. To appreciate the minute accuracy of this work a powerful magnifying glaes is necessary, and as a matter of fact it was only performed inch by inch with the aid of a lens, the parti cular spot at the same time being illuminated by a special apparatus. The work was done by a woimn, who subsequently lost her eye sight as the result of over application in this and similar undertakings. Lot's Wim — ' Lot's Wife,' one of the most attractive of the side shows at the Indus trial Exhibition, is a very clovbrly managed illusion which is well worth seeing. The affair may be britfiy described as follows:— Oa o darkened stage an attractive young lady garbed in Oiental coBtume— presumably the prevailing fashion of the day— advances to the front, and shows tbat she is without doubt a real fhsh-and-blood individual. Having satis fied the audience on this point, she bows and retires gracefully to the rear of the stage, whilst the showman — a very youthful party who bids fair to make a name for himself in the profession — gives a short resume of the Scriptural story in which we are told that Lot's wife, having disobediently looked back, became suddenly transformed into a pillar of salt. In the stage illusion we did not notice that the lady looked back, but the transforma tion took place, and a very remarkable change. It was. At one moment there was urqiestlon ably a real live young woman, breathing and moving under tbefullglareof limelight. Gradu ally she melted away into a misty picture of herself, which in turn dissolved leaving only a rock of salt in its place. Then the rock was transformed into a cross, clinging to the foot of which the Magdalene presently appeared. Other transformations were shown, until finally the saline pillar waa again shown, only to melt into the far away picture of Lot's wife, soon to be enlarged and vivified until the lady herself in propria persond stepped out from the blozi of the lime light and passed away at the wings. The affair is probably managed by tbfl aid of mirrors on the same principle as ' Pepper's ghost,' olco popular at the Poly technic Institution, London. But it is not necessary to inquire too closely into details. Suffice it to say that the illusion is perfect, and should not be missed by any visitor to the Exhibition. The Experimental Farm — At the show ground, on Thursday, Mr. R T. Bell, M.L A., in the absence of the Minister of Mines, 'ecolved a deputation appointed to wait on the Minister from Albury and Oorowa, on the surjact of an Experimental Farm for this district. The delegates present were Dr. Andrews (floury), Mr. David Raid and Mr. W. H. Eisterby (Bnwlonj^), Messrs. J. Maclure, L F e-e and G. Fjere (Thursoonp), Mr. G H. Wil 1' (Corowa), and D. S Watson (A.lbury). Mr. Watson pointed out tbe object of the deputation. Mr. Maclure dwelt forcibly on tha claims of the district to the concussion asked f'r, and cited the splendid exhibit from the Government farm at Wagga Wagga, aa evidence of the admirable results rtccruiug from the presence of an institution of the kind. Dr. Andrews referred to the rliffarenca of soil and climate in Albury and Waggn, as showing that the work done at the latter place could not have so much value to AAbury farmers as experimsnts conducted In their own district. Ha also urged the claims of Albury strongly, and contended that at auy rate a VitiouHural College should be established. Mr. L Frere spoke forcibly on the same suVj ;ct, and in order to emphasise his contention that Government aid was neces sary for the development of the viticultural industry, he pointed to the small proportion which colonials exports bore compared with the total of British Importations of wlue. Mr. E later by spoke iu terms of warm commenda tion of the grain exhibit from the Wag^a Wagga farm, which was the finest be had ever seen. Mr. Willis said, although a believer in protection, he was satisfied that the Minister desired to forward the best interests of the country. He was of opinion that tbe best position for tbe Experimental Farm was a site proposed near Howlong. Mr. D^vid Raid j spoke in support of the prrj-'c*, and deprecated any local jealousy regarding the selection of site. Mr. Ball said he waB quite in accord with the movement, and would In due course place tha views of the deputation before the Minister, with the full conviction that if an Experimental Farm were not established, 'hey would at all 6vents succeed In getting a Viti cultural College. Tbe deputation thanked Mr. Bill for his attendance, and the proceed ings closed. Gas Lighting v. Electricity.— On this euI jaot a local ratepayer writes aa follows : — It will be remembered by moat of tbe older residents of the town that some years ago an attempt was made by one section of the rate payers to move the expense of lighting their premises on to the whole of them. A promt- [ nent hotelkeeper at a public meeting made an elcqaent and forcible speech on the advantage . : to be obtained by the ratepayers thronch the err ction of another gas works fit a cost tf eight . or ten thousand pounds. His hotel was in the market for sale at tbe time, and as lighting up , a large hotel is a big item, an opposition gaa works, no matter at whose expense, would, I - - have no doubt, have reduced his working ex penses so that he could have got a bigger price when he sold out a few months afterwards, and the ratepayers could pay the piper. la fact most of those who took a leading part in that movement had very little £0 lose if the speculation they endeavored to get the rate payers' money into had proved a loBing one. Without imputing any selfish motives to those who are now trying to get the electric light installed here, it does seem strange that tha name sort of people are trying to get the Council to take it up. About five weeks azo If was resolved at a meeting of the L'censad Victuallers that an endeavour sbonld be made to induce tbe Council to take up the scheme. Aa out of 2000 ratepayers only about 300 at most would benefit by either, gas or electricity for their own use. The bulk are only interested in.it eo far as a saving in the street lighting is iff^c'ed. If the Council have the same end in view, let them call for tenders for lighting- tbe town with either gas or electricity for three, or five years. A less teim than that would not be advisable as it is well-known that the Eec tric L'ghting Companies will enter into aeon tract for 12 months at a loss and quote a ridicu lously low price for private installations in order to dispose of the plant at the end of that teitn.; the town of Young to wit where tbe poor rate-, payers have to pay a sixpenny lighting rate to make up the loss after they had taken it over, and the town badly lighted at that. This statement can be easily verified. No doubt the principal movers in that mistake are far away, and the ratepayers are left to bear the burthen. Our rates here are high enough already, and a further increase simply mean ruin to the smaller property owners. Burglary in Wilson street. — A burglary which on the face of it appears to be tbe work of professional hands, was committed at an early bour on Wodnesdav morning at the stoie of Mr. Conrad Ries, In Wilson- street. Between three and fonr o'clock, Mrs. L^rkine, a relative of the family who is on a visit to Albury, was awakened by a noise in an adjoining roorr, and seeing there was a light there, she at once got up and encountered a man. She very pluckily called out to him that she would shoot him. The burglar raided a chisel to her, and Mrs. Larkins then quickly banged the door in his face and raised an alarm, the intruder meanwhile escaping. The whole of the household then turned out, and bunted round the building without, however, coming across tbe robber. An exami nation of the premises was then made, which soon disclosed the mode of entrance, and tbe extent oi the visitor's operations. Access to the premises had been obtained through the back part of the kitchen. There are but two windows, one fastened with the ordinary catch, the other secured also by a bolt which prevents the lower light being raised even when the citcb. is unfastened. The latter appeared to have been first tried as there are several chisel marks at the bottom of the sash. The robber next proceeded to the other window upon which he operated in regular professional style. A piece of glass sufficient to admit the arm was removed from, the top-ligh*-, the catch was unfastened, the lower sash lifted, and the way in was easy enough. O^ce inside, the imn set to work In v?ry businesslike and systematic fashion. Passing along the hall where a number of coats were banging, he turned all the pockets out. He then went into Mr.. Rles's bedrorm and removed the suit of . clothes Mr. Riea had bean wearing, to a room adjoining the kitcher, where he over hauled the poche'sand abstracted tbe contents. Curiously enough a gold watch chain in the waist coat was left undisturbed, as well as Mr. Ries'a watch and Borne articiesof j swellery which bad been left on the bedroom mantelpiece. In the room where the examination of clothes took place there is a small window communi cating with the shop, and through this the burglar got into the store flnd riflad the counter till, and the till in the office, where he found the key of the iron safe. The safe was soon denuded of its contents, cheques being dis carded. The exact amount ot cash removed it is difficult to say as the cash book had not. been made up, but it is estimated to h»ve been over £30 in cotes and gold, besides £13 whloh had been lodged for eafe-keeping on the previous night by Mr. L Buckley. There was also a sum of £8 belonging to a seivant cf the family. This sum wh'ch was in a puree and wrapped up in a bit of calico, escaped tbe notic9 of the burglar. la the room where the burglar was disturbed there was discovered a tomahawk, aud a stout picket (hat had been wrenched off some ornamental feucing at the back, ponalbly to perve as a weapon for use in tbe event of a scuffia occurring. Mni. Laiklna -! was able to give a fair description of the robber to the police. 