The Murchison Goldfields. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—As there are a large number of miners leaving Queensland for here, Just a few lines on the state of the labour market will not be out of place. Just after the Christmas holidays were over last month (February) there was a gene ral rush cf mineowners <to the warden's court, making applications for exemp tion, the result being that one-half the claims are hung up, or only working half handed. Out of all the batteries In and about Cue, representing 100 stampers, oniy two batteries of .ten head each are [working anything like regularly— namely, the Lady Mary and the Cue public battery. Tou, sir, will agree with me that it Is a poor lookout when all the outside shows here cannot keep a ten bead battery going. Some few weeks ago an advertisement appeared In the local papers for 100 miners for Mount Sir Samuel, distant about 280 miles east of the Murchlson. The nearest store to the place is forty or fifty miles away from it, and when, men asked what they -were going to do for tucker when they got there they were told they would have to do the best they could. That advertisement has brought and Is still bringing hundreds of men on to the field In a hopeless search for work. The road from Mullewah, (the head of the line to the Murohlson, is packed with men coming and going looking for work. Many men are bringing their families over with them, and with not a ghost of * show of a Job when they get here. It is a common thing here for a man to go to the boss asking for a job, stating that lie ham a wife and children at the camp, and no food to give them. Everything is - very dear here, and the hospital is crowded with typhoid fever patients. Let Queensland be in ever such a bad state the working man Is better off there ■than In any place In Western Australia, and if any of your readers have any •pare cash to speculate in mines I'd thank them to send me the passage money to get back. They wHI have a better chance of getting paid back than investing in those magnificent gold mines Here.—l am, sir, Ac, R. T. WHITBM. , Cue^ Western Australia, Cth March.. Mr. J. A. Muller. secretary to the Dres- den Gold Mining Company, sends a copy of the following telegram received by him from Mr. W. G. Rodda, Coolgardle : —"Fearley's report posted more than confirms mine. Summary : Very strong well-defined reef exposed full length pro- perty 3ft to 5ft wide; visible gold throughout. Lowest amalgamation as say 15dwt. to 35dwt from surface and shafts, 30ft to 80ft, highest grade In bottom, speak very highly. Property well worth developing. Anticipating rich cold in opening mine. Water and timber plentiful." Mr. Fearley is, we are in formed, a well-known mining expert. Mr. T. A. .Bond, secretary to M'Clay> IWeloome Gold Mining Company, No Lia bility, has received a telegram, dated (Perth, 23rd March, from Mr. James Ji'Clay, stating that he Is sending a ■mall parcel of specimens. These will (be on view In Mr. Bond's office when (the? arrive. 