Wmr Ute Pcople. IMPORTANT FOB COUNTEY BEABEB8. I ? " -It ii not a verydifficiilt thing to prove thatthe land lax is a big boon to ^oojmtrjr «f the/sountiyidtatncte janrSttie irichfmeta* polisof Sydney.Nfhiohfor years 1iiaeroled the political roortinHew SoatS WiUij In . „; with the'matter; imatter.onthe the plattorm, platfoniA',I A lave always, in the rerj flrstplace/Mked •any of the'oppcmentsof landtax to «zplain why land in the country districts it, after all tbeyears «f toiland labor flaponit, "worlli' •only about £l per acre," while land in the ^lty, without any toil or expenditure on -the jiirt of the lucky owner, was Worth up £2,000 per foot. (In some parts of George-street J3|000 per /{opt would be refused). ,1 !»»• never | Boon answered iadversely, jfpr therewai-bnlyone explanation, namely, that the vast valuesofSydney city property were given by public expenditures of the peoples' money; that, as the! expenditure "of the pnblic money was centred in Sydney, all the luofcy old owners of property had to do was to sit down and let the needs of .the community rush up the values. Recently some heirs of an old family sold a portion of their •state, in Sydney at the rate of f1,200,000 peracre: (nearly >oac and a-quarter miUidri Hounds...per acrp),-jRnd tlu-re are scores *of -.anstanpes.where;thlB lucky own«r» draw at the reteof £52 per foil wntnl per year, on Zli • ^SgS&l;^feSrafli oovenauir thti^flfifi hie hair » pray WdTiis" "3baok^onht^a <rbm toil, hi hodb hi^ land of * -the same Talne as when he Btarted, All the tune/.-undertheoldeystem of freetrade and protection, he has beea paying taxes to mate lip the annual revenue and pay interest on loans expended for the moet part to nnrioh .the city man's lnnd. To balance all iaie, the liberal politician has fought to bring about a direot tax on land values. Thus the former getB hack the'money screwed out of him by the powers in Sydney—for a universal land tax mean< that a man in the country districts pays one penny in the £ on land worth, apart from improvements, only.£l per acre, while the city laud monopolist is forced to pay a , penny in the £ on land worth up to £3,000 per foot. .The country districts made Sidney; now a land tax forces the city to make the ceuntry. I find that one man alone in'Sydney, a typioal land monopolist, will pay as much to the revenue as an entire country district. This man previously went scot free, while his fortune was every day increased. THE LAND SrlLLIOirAIEE AND HI6 SCOUTS.. People reading and reflecting on the above facts will immediately understand why the liberals in the Sydney Parliament have fought so Tehemently for a land tax, and they will also quickly see why certain politicians (in league with the rich land monopolist) are scouring the country, uttering dire lamentations over the fate of the " poor farmer" under land tax. These gentry never say a word as to how the land tax haB put the rich city man on the grill. No; that fact is kept in the dark. They strive to alarm the farmer, or the country landowner; t-hey shriek for him, they shake for him, and fight for him, but it is the big man of the city or the rich holders of unoultirated lands on our river and railway frontages who all the time find the needful for the scheming. The taxis operating in the country as in the city: Where splendid lands on our rivers and raiK loads, as on Sydney streets, have been'held forTieing Taluea the land tax compels them to look srpund ;for buyers or tenants.. No longer «re the tenants irraearch of landlords, j i :.: ::3JTe landlords m search • of i tenants, >nd' ^fi-fs.r^hi»^>uhliOjfor- tlje..£rit -feme^are-put- in^tbe "i- way of gelting>gond land ne&r; to water/ Tail, or market, . at a iair ' fignre. Soon, -when a man goes into a country town; he will not need the services of a blaoktracker to find the furmer s home.. it will be near train, town, water, or market. But, above mil, the metropolis of Sydney will ' pay hundreds of thousands to the general revenue for road making and bridge building inland. THE GHOST THAT ETABTLED THE FARMER. Splendid old ghost that has long dose \- duty for the rich monopolist in startling the farmer is the ghost of freetrade.. And BOW when the " poor farmer " is being plundered (as they lay), by s land tax the famous ghost has been whitewashed and trotted out again. Say the ecouts of the big mnn— " You're gone and taxed our lands, and now you've taken off the duties and let in the foreigner to compete with us," their object ' being, of course, to get the farmer to vote down land tax and vote np protectionist taxes. But the fact is, our farmers are kept in beggary so long as-they . ire prevented from trading with the world, and trading between nations is done only by exchange of goods. If we shut out goods from aibrood, there is ia corresponding decline iu the purchase of our goods or products. There is no eucli thing as sending money of the county, exoept of course, where excessive protection prevents exchange and" exportation. For instance, in N.B.W twenty years ago, we had about eight millions of money coined for the use of the people, bnt, though we hare imported million's worth of goods and sold million's worth since then, there is only about the same amount of money in the country. No more is repaired. Now and again some thousands of aoveiigns are sent out from Sydney to London, but most of it is Queensland gold minted at Sydney, and the balance, a few thousand, goes to square up transactions between us and the outside world, and which transactions amount te many, millions sterling. We all remember the old ghosfs cry, " Let usiave protection and keep the money in the country ." There . never -war -any t money going Out of the eo-.uitiy. '-.It .was only school-boy talk. The •t.a-ariyWM^gJffiftteS^ to send money 