BULCrA- The Chronicle says :—The much discussed M'Kenzie-cum-Deacon-cum-Scanlon-tnm- Bank of Australasia-cum-Land department, etc, road or proposed road to Bulga on Thursday came again before the council, like a ghost which refuses to be laid. At the last meeting bat one of the couBcil the following resolution wis passed :—" Moved by Or J. Buckley, seconded by Prea, Bowden—Tbat the Hon the Minister of Lands be asked to bepleased to grant this council a sufficient sum of money to compensate Mr Jas. M'Kenzie for land required through his holding at Bulga for road purposes. Knowing that this council has differed as to the requirements of suoh road we are under the impression that it will be the easiest way out of our present difficulty; and we turther move that onr member, Mr F. C. Mason, be asked to take the matter in band with a view of having same carried into effect, the compensation to be deoided by arbitration should Mr M'Keosie and the oounoil fail to agree m , and that the secretary be instructed to forward a copy of this resolution to Messrs Blake, and Rigali, solicitors, Melbourne." Amongst tbe correspondence was a letter from the Secretary for Public Works, whieh had been brought forward through Mr F. C. Mason, M.L.A. It read :— " Adverting to the resolution of the Alberton Shire Conncil, submitted by you in reference to Mr Jas M'Keniie's land,. Bulga, I have the honor to state that the* resolution in question is so exceedingly * vague that the Minister is unable to deal w?th it in its present form, and will therefore, be pleased if you wUl obtain something more definite." Accompanying the letter was an endorsement from Mr Mason, as follows : 1 think the Minister of Lands is disposed to consider tha matter favorably providing the council think that the acquisition of, the land is absolutely necessary for road purposes, and that some reasonable agreement aB to the cost of the land be arrived at as between the Bhire oounoil and Mr M'Keniie. Cr Moore said there was no power tf inforce arbitration in such a case. The President said the law gar* ft* council power to arbitrate. ^ The subject is not one which councillors linger lovingly over, so after a very few more remarks the letters were handed to Or James Buckley, and when tite orienof the day were called on he proposed, President Bowden seconded, and it was oarried unanimously, That the secretary -- be instructed to write to Mr Jas M'KenzW and ask him what compensation he requires for land which is necessary for road purposes through his selection in the parish of Bulga, - known aa the Deakin- M'Kenzie road.- 