' MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL. FRIDAY EVENING. The buoyant tone of the Stock and Share ""w. noted for severed days past was again on the Stock Lcl ne.c to-day, but the acre of business was only. small A,, wo n on Board yesterday, the quantity of stock often IN hmM and holders. gone. ally look for higher wages. Although the movement of the market hardened prices considerably, the interest returns onhMt rate" of gardens. is" in cases of most exist. of coropnmcK leave no room for grumbling when the abundance and cheapness of money are considered, as amended either in Government seen "resorting deposits, or other most approved nT0SU.iei.tfl Herded £3 most free from risk All Government stocks run died at the high-priced genetical creed In B in,CN Com,!,0.ml a, Sydney K wore a higher Union Until dropped lightly Australian Joint Stock Bank brought Yesterday a prison and deposits of the same institution were slight!, coins Now castle and Hunter Lime Stone advanced a trifle Insurance shares were steady at the previous quotations, Now/!eal- imlle..u.qi.otcdcTdiv Afu.ll.crndynnco of. noticed in Aii-tnlianr,-»light, which brought the North Shore Gaslight, new shares, were !".mredf.r-.t J. Bravery shares continue to "be Australian born,' P J. >" Wood Brothers Id, in ounces! ed for Moral ill's rehearses and Wrench jumped I 3d, and Shale and Oil Id, other miscellaneous bliaiLS ho ng steady On the Sydney Show. E Change the following «tawccpwl I -Atlo'tlock AIS Bank, 35s A J S Deposits, 15s 6d , Austin lian Gas held in At 9 o'clock Airstream Gaskell, F,' Richardson and Wrench, 7s 6d 'The closing quotations iron -2 Cal that - : [pa I L A 3 lb 3 Our Bawra STOCK i Ditto let 1871 Jlllto Del If) Queens a 1 Heb pc 1918 I, y Del 118 Colon are "-in") Debt RMC I DUB 15 I. D- ItW [ DocTOR Dec 1911 J Mores -on the BALD HILLS Australian J 8 City ».ewlMiio Com I Syd A D In 11 time of rest by reference 1, S M Iles 1) the No 2 Bill It has. , QinndSnlional Royal of 61 loud Iron Com of Aust, Ditto via Drrosirs A J S 1 and Seed! able Ditto le 100 a crew of 1 Sale oval I SanlA into las wool "i i It, rebelles 1 Mr Turner be WE Com of W less I" 1 list of al st Sir In March III P North Co at 3 Indarra is a ferry 3 Men. Mutual b Luland I The Iel Det Sen- do Amiral an never Could it Bottle Store is two new Msulj Tufton Sen and Gas Mules llrritiilM Au train a -terra ne and Uoolllttu Mr. ball s Tell all Too h l Miser. later Aarons i Col Sugar 911 '10 paid Dur (rant Co I am Gresson 1 la co II 1 on Bros III I am on an Mrercli Ocean! Oil By 1 11 lian a fall Thirroul . Mills for a Pul Tram Hill Tramway ""?" "J T HILL 8 in said So' fair TIME or Mont de Ed line to be Free. Tri. to his I 11 II c. Iriluslroill m Fr 1 ii I li i Syd Fire oil A it MI and Bull Drp standard of) that It His Den "J 11/3 . Due at No eraUr 1893 The undermentioned are the members of the Sydney stock exchange - Arnold A M M Bil Dr) T I O Davis I'm a. Doy e H L Tucker J I Files J C ir o Gardiner A J OiVlrsI 1 la Hall I S Tones and black Loans C V "aokcnile T J Morris n I" n Mullens's li is North J. B. and Son North, J. G. Palmer and Son, J. retained all Hixson II ill He leila: 6 near uni Hoare I have son's Sons T T Tooth A I I ii inn W IT It as II TO ear C F' Smith Two strong tone of the London air wool market is the most pitiflfni.tor> mercantile feature of the time Opening on resides with races as high as tiloln0licst of the December sa c -Milich wore moreover the highest for three a of -the present (cries of sell his wares c for amiably for sellers Al 1 the li or in " union in us opinion that the market for mica were dim with intimate 1 competition the Australia Morongo I need not Finance Com] any 11 till and Parked and Co advise prices as in her by 5 percent American buyers | ironically computing with ia,_rnf_s-a fact Mr i li is all the more satisfactory because of the recent find sugg store in, the political district says Our London wool letter describes the mark this very strong with a 1 opeSul future and as our in lo messages advise the anticipations are 1 ting realised D spite the fact that the gross earnings of the Fincastle and Minister 1 ver Steamship Company in the post is If our show a decrease in (report from the Hunter compared M with the corresponding half of last year, the directors propose to pay a dm len 1 at the rate of 6 per cent per annum and after providing for depreciation and carry fora arl 27ft The company has been free from the losses of the preceding is If year which caused a reduction in the division 3 to 5 percent per annum The second ordinary general meeting of the Anglo Australian As "Is Cinipani, T match was held in London Mr Alderman V,' Viuplnn Forgan pros lot and in moving the adoption of the report, said that the captain of the company «asoriginillj intended to be F.or (100 or 12 per cent of the capital issue The the Anglo Australian Investment Finance and Land Company intend 7000 shares coin is to £70 000 had been issued which was considered sufhVient When their shares are fully put up a sum of £10 TOO more would no par in the balance sheet to enable them today two 60,000 claimed by the Union Bank of Australia The property of the Finance Company May mortgaged to the bank for an advance of £100,000, which was chiefly as for the erection of a large hotel in Sydney The h ink threatened to sell the hotel, and as there is no chance of getting anything came out by paying off the most Play! a nominal airs formed, and bones this company arose out of the ashes of the finance Company The debenture holders lining 30 shares for every £100 of uobontmosheld The hotel now practically belonged to tina compania A company had Ten formed to take Bertrand work it and in that un for taking this company held 60 per cent of the shares They auctioneer in receipt of £2000 a-year from the hotel, and they had other property which produced them £2000 a year Some other assets Morounpro active but they hoped to sell the Mr "White seconded the motion which was agreed to In our special advertisement columns the resources of the North British and Mercantile In Wranco Company) are set forth The Bank of England Tatura Una wool shows "in and bullion to the value of _1G,0S3 000, the largest amount yet recorded The money had increased to the Colony of £127 000 and the percentage of rescues to liabilities is increased to the proportion of 60 80 per cent The bank -discount rate continues at 2 per cent, and the market rate at 1 per cent remains the same as last week. After dropping for several weeks consecutively, colonial stock quotations this week have gone up with a remarkable jump, the advances ranging from 1 to 3, bringing them well up again towards the 1 ghost TJOintfi touched Unless it is Mr Hold a message of sympathy from the colonies, nothing has occurred in this part of the world to give the uplift Probably the rise is due to the prevalence of more peaceful political conditions It is this, no doubt, which is responsible for the advance of 2 in Goschen COIIBOIS, and colonial securities have risen in sympathy There was a considerable reduction in the quantity of gold received in England from Australia in the month of November, the quantity being £55 521 as compared with £235,417 in November, 1891, and £5.10,711 in November, 1893 But in The 11 months of eichler the respective quantities were 1805, £5,705,777 , 1891, £4,153,910, 1891, £3,102,112, whilom 1891 gold to the value £1,877, 100 was exported to Australia So that on balance nearly as much gold was received in England from Australia in the first 11 months of ISO. as in the late period of the two of earlier years, yet still we have enough and to spare from, our London files to the 13th December we learn that the maturing of an instalment of £1,000,000 on the recent New South Wales loan caused a slight disturbance in the money market The Buenos Ayres correspondent of the Aus- tral man Tastoi alists' Renew, commenting on the low condition of many of the fat cattle conveyed from Australia to London by the Southern Cross, thinks that the principal cause is the use of con domed water. He says that similar experience at first puzzled then shippers from South America They then laid the blame to the cattlemen not giving them sufficient quantity to drink, and took considerable pains to find out that they got enough, but still the cattle full of But soon the matter was clear that the ships that carried condensers, and no fresh water, or, at best, very little for the union's, new days landed their cattle in worse condition than those which carried tanks The Argentine shippers had had to pay dearly for their experience Speaking generally of the shipment of cattle from Australia he remarks -" We have rev ed beyond a doubt that we the land our cattle or En- rl and in more or less the same condition as "-last they leave here, always, of course, excepting when they have a spell of very bad weather, and that almost always occurs just before reaching their destination Why cannot you do the same? You pay a little more freight than we do, but their dear little cost you half as much as ours Reilly first-class cattle here now cost from £8 'o £10 per head I believe you pay freight as well as for your fodder Why not ship just sufficient to land you are La Pinta, mil repurchase there P T">rr class alfalfa, in small bodies weighing,; 50 5 4 10s each, can be bought not 50 yards from i in Our ships lay in pint pot at 30s per ton i my ship merinos, every cargo of merinos that has left here has resulted in a loss " Sugar remains of an inch raged basis, there louie practically no Queensland available Mauritius sells at about £21 for good parcels, a shade higher price being asked for small lots The final returns of the Queensland sugar crop, as published in the Mackay Sugar Journal, amply bear out the unfair ourable forecasts in the tow areas the close of the season instead of 107,000 tons, The original estimate, frosts, (ramming, and the dry weather have been losponsibljfornshruil ago, which reduces the total production to 75,000, of which the Mackay district contributed 22,00 to is and Bundalia g 18,000 tons The total exports from Queensland are set down as 57,095 tons The production during the seasons 1898-99 and 1894 95 wore "O'H and 92,550 tons respectively, while 5126 tons were exported during the first named period, as compared with 07,111 during the last-named The excess of production over exports in 18 14 it was 2 .,099 tons, as against 17,000 tons during the season just closing Bonded stocks to-day amounted to 18,511 tons, against 11,814 last week ' The bulk of the business done in less was in Ftinyongs at late rates Generally There in but little activity, although a good deal of distributing business is still being done Sales included 100 li half-chests of Pinyongs at 7d, 100 half chests at 5d, and 100 packages Ceylon police and broken pekoe at 9d to 10d per lb The Argus is due tomorrow or Sunday with 211,1311b of tea for this port, and the New Guinea left Calcutta on 31st December with 51, 19th Messrs Davenport and Co in their Indian tea circular, dated 23rd December, states - Public sales were ho! 1 on the 10th instant 13 200 . mileages were Girivd and 17 6.10 to nil 4 yrs Mr el 1 as to- an article steal) unless (. -lol general demand 1 and there is. practically no change in mines to report (I and!) water for the time of year I used mind r of our army are shortly season were ment lost in the sale Vvernor 1 r sale of 6th Decoituvr -a Co per lb freight lit 81 Neyy (councils leading Australian and New / eliminate. notifies Chills in New Zealand 1 dine! r states that ports '0 per ton or 50 e at 1 secession comm alo medium Mr *en orange a close an I I r Von year "s t 10s winner peel one and the Ti Sp to a Op pel e souchong and inn is or 'ft Sp to for 3p I felt n y even pouch and le ii) broken Sa Tp to Oa In winning an 1 1 race from nee 0s Go to ra (Jp , dust and I close dust 31 up to la Elsewhere tenders are invited until last Janu- ary by Messrs Danby, Butler, and Fischer, of Melbourne for the purchase of the IV rang Sugar Estate, Bill The ration freight by steamer to London is now 4d freight for greasy and 3d per lb for secure 1 wool, being, we believe, the lowest yet charged Goldsbrough, Mort, and Co , Ltd , report from Melbourne on 15th instant - TV Rest-room on liveries of wheat and for the past week are about ! half of what they were this time rust is so not from the eager main, r m well in life a duty millers are 1 to) hg it looks very like as if their ranks will have to rest and I refuse any large quantity will come forward Vl'ho t his eshavoyur) c assembly uni rove! cursorily within the Law ley? this that an) disposition has been closely 1 11 read the moral If I. make all nature of crimes I y a! fire At the in ment the market is yer a try with millers operating, freely) at. attesting total He is li range of value. has brought out more sell registered wheat 1 at the deliveries from t! of country continue very light The eat nor) millers are still being strong]) at about 11 per bits' c above the Melbourne cqtiiya'eal At cleaned in sale to- day There was rains market at the of Howas l rt s TIS - Time in Fine fat. road turns go 1 Isinato sold, superior up to 4s 9d 