The NOVELIST. THE SENORITA'S GOLDEN ROSES. A glowing soutnern sun bathed the drowsy old garden in a flood of molten gold. The orange and fig trees hung their luscious fruit within tempting distance, while up to the Senorita's bedroom window climbed in a riot of yellow splendor the superb Gold of Ophir rose tree, famous along the entire coast. Never was there such another rose tree : The Senorita was straight and tall and slender. Though the grey was beginning to creep in her dusky ha'r, and the tell-tale wrinkles were seaming her forehead, she yet was a handsome woman, with the same Andalusian features, the soft, speaking eyes, the clear olive skin, her beautiful mother had brought from Spain years ago. Every afternoon when the Senorita had finished her household duties, before she sat down to the dainty drawn work which was a part of her daily occupation, and from which she derived a modest income, is was her custom to enter the drawing-room, and after adjusting the blinds so that the sun light would touch her portrait gently, to stand before it intently regarding her own lost youth. "' Madre di Dios ! " was the murmured ex clamation. "but it was long time ago-long -time--ago." There was always a vase of golden roses on a little stand before the portrait. When the Senorita's gaze left the picture it fell upon the flowers. With a gentle sigh she would pensively touch the petals with caressing .finge.s, then silently and like a ghost slowly glide from the room. Years before, when the Senorita had been young, a beauty and the belle of the little settlement, up at the Presidio there had been a gallant young lieutenant who fell desperately in love with the charming Spaniard. Their courtship amid the myrtle and orange groves, under the warm moon light of the Southern region, in the sheltered nooks along the white beach, had been ideal. Once when the lieutenant returned from Santa Barbara, whither he had been sent on important military business, he brought to his sweetheart a tiny rose bush, which he planted before her door. 1' Ygnacia," he whispered, as he caught her slim hands in his and bent his bold, blue eyes upon her blushing face, "my love for you will be perennial, like this bush, and sweet as its blossoms." But alas for the pledges of passion I The lieutenant was one to love and ride away. Ere the roses had bloomed the third year, he had departed, departed with fervent vows and promises of a speedy return. But the long burning summers, the slow dreary winters, driftid by and he never came. The tiny bush grew to be a lordly tree. She heard of him now and then-the famous Indian fighter, then the major, the colonel, at last the great General, whose name was honored throughout the land. -Then came the news of his marriage to a celebrated bulle and heiress. The rose tree was growing and blooming, but hope was dead in the heart of the Senorita. Ye ar after year she lived her simple little life in the old adobe cottage of her ancestors. One by one her friends passed away. To the Senorita were left only her rose garden and memory. It was a great day for the sleepy little Spanish town when the railroad came; greater, when the rich syn licate built the magnificent hotel. Then came the electric cars, rushing and clanging before the Senorita's rose garden. One evening the Senorita sat under the Gold of Ophir rose tree. In her hands she held a cluster of her favorites. As she in haled their fragrance her thoughts were as ever, busy with the Last. The garden gate clicked and swung open. Two people advanced slowly and uncertainly through the gathering dusk; a man and a woman, young, fashionably-dressed, with an unmistakable air of good breeding. The man, stepping forward and courteously lift ing his .bat, said, "Have I the honor of addressing Senorita Ygnacai Bonaventura 7" He stopped abruptly as a sharp cry broke from the Senorita's lips. SSanta Maria I" she breathed rather than spoke, "who it ees ?" "[. am sorry to have startled you so," replied the visitor gently : "we were told at the hotel that you were quite willing strangers should see this beautiful tree or we would not have intruded. I beg your pardon;" and he turned as if to go. "Stay, erior," she cried, do not go. I will show you the roses with happiness--si. But your face it ees which gave me so moocho start. Jesu Christo l but you are like omne one-" "I think you knew my father," said the stranger; " he was stationed here at the Presidio, years ago, and I have often heard \- him speak of this charming old town." \- "Your fathaire here? "'t ." Yes, my father, General Saunders; \- ·|iettenant Saunders when he was here." \- h:-p re was a profound silence. The t- iral?nt slim figure seemed turned to stone. :Tbq~ *unders felt as if he were confronted bo b ize vague unknown tragedy. His young yife:4ioto, was experiencing a sensation as if she wdre-looking on at a myster.ou4 phase of uh-nir m:)otion She turned her sweet face, fa -?tloe tender sympathy, towards the :Pihe~iSenorita spoke first; "Si senor," she Ssad in i6,b; grave voice, "I did know your fathaire long--time--ago. He look like you \--ah, L 'ope he ees well--si ?" " Did you not know ? But of course you would not have heard "--said Saunders sadly, "my father is dead. He died a month ago." "He ees dead ." repeated the Senorita mechanically. " 'Yes," said Saunders, "and before he died, he charged me with a sacred com mission. He knew that I was coming here on my wedding journey. He called me to him one day and said : ' When you get there I want you to hunt up Senorita Ygnacia Bonaventura. Tell her for me that now as I am nearing death, I see with clearer vision, and that I regret the past. Tell her that as I lie here racked with pain, I long, oh ! I long for the coolness and quiet of her rose garden, and that in the long watches of each restless night I smell again the nerfume from the golden roses I planted before her door.' " There i as a sound of sobbing, as Saunders finished his pathetic message. It came from his wife, who was profoundly affected by the situation. But the Senorita did not weep. Her white face was tense in its agony, but not a tear glistened in her sombre eyes. She held out her hand to the son of her old love. He took it in both his and pressed it gently. "She has suffered for my father's sake," was the thought that flashed through his mind. As Saunders and his wife were leaving. their arms filled with branches and clusters of the Gild of Ophir roses, the Senorita held open the gate for them. When Saunders passed her, she laid in his hand the king of all that year's blossoms, a great royal golden rose. " For the lieutenant's grave," she simply said. Saunders bowed, too much moved to speak. And six weeks later the ashes of that perfect flower were reverently strewn over a grave in Greenwood. Hours after their departure, the Senorita entered the little drawing-room. Her face was wan and haggard and old. She lifted her flickering candle high before the portrait and gazed steadfastly upon the beautiful young face that smiled down at her. " Madre di Dios ! " she breathed, " but it was long-time-ago." The next morning they tried in vain to waken the Senorita, She lay still and cold on her bed, drawn close to the open case ment. Through the wilndow, the great, gay golden roses climbed and looked into the poor little chamber. And one, bolder than the rest, had laid its yellow head close to the dead heart of the Senorita. 