IVJORE SPOOKS ON EARTHLY BUSINESS. A COMMISSION QUESTION. The audience at tho Hawthorn Court this morulng were treated to a cheap morning's amusement during the liear- ing of a claim by a widow named Etnlly Adams, against Walter H. Batten, auc tioneer, to recover L'J 7» Cd, alleged to be due us a balance of moneys received on behalf nf tltc complainant from uu auc tion sale of furniture, conducted by the defendant. Mr Dickenson appeared for the com plainant and Mr Jniucu Weatley for U10 defendant. 1 Hmlly Adams, daughter of the com plainant, sold that nhc hnd arranged with Mr Batten lo conduct an auction sale of furniture on her mother's pre mises at u commission of per cent., and 10s expenses. Tlio auction sale was held, and realised L1R 18s 0d, and Batten chargct! LI 10s commission and other ciuirgcs. Mr Westley:' Do you suffer from liallu- clnatlons? Witness; I know what you mean. I can glvo you tho tuunca of the ghosts uini naunicu 1110 nouse. tDiugiucrj, Mr Westley: Oh! these spooks exist in the tlesh, then. (Laughter), Witness: Yes One of them had a bro ken leg,. (fx>ud laughter). - Mr Westley: Did you not get a mem ber of U10 Criminal Investigation to sleep on your premises to catch these HJKJOkB? Witness: We lenew all the names of the ghosts. Mrs Adams (from tho body of the Court): I can let Mr Westley have loiters from these ghosts. (Laughter). Tho Mayor (Mr Dalloy, J.P.): Oh; leave tlio ghosts alone and get. on with the account of tho sale. Tho defendant In Ills evidence denied tliat ho agreed to conduct the auction saio for 2% per cent, commission, and stated that it nun the usual custom to make a minimum charge of L2 2s for conducting on nut-don saio of furniture, The other amounts charged were neces sary for tho proper conduct of the sale, such as a utorenmn, boll "ringing, and printing. When the complainant's so licitor saw him (defendant), he agreed to take ir.s without prejudice, Instead of the Lt JOs, charged as commission. Ex pert evidence was given lo show that L2 2a was the minimum charge for conduct ing an miction sale, and that the ex penses included in defendant's charges were necessary ones. The Bench decided lo dismiss tho caso Willi LX Is costs At a mooting of the Royal Agricultural Society of Victoria, tliin afternoon, thu Town Clerk of Kasendon, In a letter, drew Hie society's attention to the means of exit from the hulkllng used for the exhibition of dairying mnchlnory on U10 show grounds. n wus contended tbat, In tiie event of u paulc, the result might prove fatal to nuuiy who would ho unable to gut out of tho building lu time. It was resolved to forward a re ply that the society would have the de fect remedied as soon as possible. 