PouarasD Evira TC??DAT & PFaIDA "It is not given unto mortals to command success. but we may do more . . . . deerve it." TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 1896. TasiALo.o RacNso CLUB.-The annual meeting takes place to-day, and judging from the list of entries there should be a capital afternoon's sport. Owing to the late rains the ground is in good going order, while there should be but little dust. The stewards, together with the secretary, Mr L. M. Bell, have made all necessary arrangements for the comfort of visitors. The publican's booth is in the capable hands of Air Wedlock, of Glen garry, while tea, fruit, etc., will be dis pensed by BMrs O'Brien. The programme opens with the Hurdle Race, which starts at about a quarter past one o'clock. MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-The annual meeting of the above was held on Wednes day evening, and was poorly attended, for after waiting half an hour, only four of the committee and three subscribers put in an appearance. From the report, which appears in another column, it will be gleaned that the Institute is in a bad way, and if the townspeople do not give a more liberal support than in the past, the time is not far distant when the doors will be closed, which would be a standing disgrace to the town. The subscriptions 'for the past year only came to £22 odd, which amount is simply ridisulous. The revenue from the hall was very good, butas every one now wants a reduction on former rates, this source of income is not likely to be so large during the coming year. The debenture- holders are to be asked to reduce the interest to 5 per cent., and if they agree to this, it will lighten the bur den a little, but the committee cannot be expected to give a bond to the bank in order to meet liabilities and keep the In stitute open for the benefit of some who are mean enough to use the reading room without contributing a sixpence towards the expenses. Of those who put down their names as subscribers, and use the library, but fail to pay when asked, we are afraid to express our opinion. THE WARD-LYONS Co.-This talented company is announced to give an enter tainment this evening in the Mechanics' Institute. The piece chosen is a three act musical comedy entitled " The Baronet," written by G. R. Sims. The company includes Miss Willis, who is a charming actress, and the part she takes in "The Baron" is spoken of by the Metropolitan press as one of her best. lMiss Fotheringham, who will appear as the young lady who runs away from her guardians, is bound to do full justice to the part, while .Miss Nellie Quigley will make her first appearance. Mr Ward Lyons, who is a host in himself, will fill the role of Mr Mould, the hen-pecked husband, and those that patronise the entertainment may be sure of a good night's fun. As we have previouslysaid, the company is one of the best that has visited the district, and they should secure a bumper house, the charges being only 2s and is. BOARD OF ADVICE.-A meeting of the local Board of Advice was held on Tues. day afternoon last at Messrs Coates and Jones' office, there being present Messrs West (in the chair), Jones, Pettit and Henden. A letter was received from the Department with reference to Bulga school, proposing to re-open it as a half time school in connection with Bulga South. As there appeared to be no prospect of having it re-opened as a full time school, the Board decided to acquiesce in the proposal. Mrs Dunstan, of Hazelwood, waited on the Board with reference to the Bennett's Creek school, complaining that no teacher had been sent to take charge of the school since the holidays, and also that it was rumored that the school was to be removed. The Board informel her that they would make immediate inquiries as to why' no teacher had been sent; and also that they had no knowledge of any contemplated removal. SAccxnNr.-The " Mercury" writes : A most painful accident happened to a lad named William Darcey, on Sunday evening last, at Trafalgar. The youth was in the act of crossing a picket fence at the local railway station, and whilst in the act of jumping, his foot got jammed in the pickets and threw him, head foremost, to wards the ground, and broke his leg. In this painful position the little fellow was suspended for some time. until his cries attracted the attention of Mr J. Merri man, the stationmaster. It was seen at once that the leg was broken. The little sufferer was taken into the station resi dence and Mr Merriman commenced to operate on the broken limb with splints and handages. After the leg had been carefully set, the lad began to improve a little. It was at once seen that it would be unwise .to remove the patient, so the littl'chap~ was very kindly attended to by his parepts _at -the station quarters and .bfreught on' t'the Sale Hospital on Mon day morning. THte WEATHER.-Yesterday was one of I the hottest days we have experienced this summer, the mercury reaching 101 deg. in the shade at 1 o'clock, and a little more later on. About 4 o'clock the register was 108 degrees under Mr M'Carthy's verandah, The heat, however, was not nearly so oppressive as that experienced one morning lately, when we were treated to a taste of tropical heat. About two o'clock a hot wind, somewhat rare in Gippsland, sprang up, and blew like coming off a furnace, but did not co.tinue long. We, however, are lucky to some people, as in Bourke the average tem perature in the shade during the past month has been 112 degrees, and for the first three days of this week over 118. The deaths attributed to the heat number 35, while fourteen deaths from the heat are reported from Wilcania. Shortly after 6 o'clock a slight change took place, a few drops of rain falling. WAALALLA MAIL.--In yesterday's Mel bourne pipers tenders are called for .arry ing the mails to and front Traralgon and Walhalla three days a week each way. This is alternative to the tenders pre viously called for a service from Toon gabbie and Walhalla via Bruton and Happy-go-lucky. WHAT's Is A NAse.-There's a wonder ful lot in a name sometimes, Shakespeare to the contrary, notwithstanding. An amusing instance of this is given by the Rev. Hartley Williams. Along with some ladies and gentlemen he, a few years ago, formed one of a fairly large party of South Australians dining at an hotel in Mel bourne. The dinner was a good one, and, having been fully enjoyed, the guests, as usual, waited for theirlittlebills. These, however, were not forthcoming ; in lieu thereof, a long account was handed to a member of the company, who, looking at it, exclaimed, " Greist Cesar's ghost I I'm not going to pay for all these people." " Indeed," replied the waiter, "I I'm sorry if I have made a mistake, but 1 heard all of them calling you ' pa,' and itis usual at gatherings of this kind for the father to pay for the lot." This explanation was greeted with roars of laughter, the gentle man credited with the paternity of the stalwart clergyman and his companions being Mr Parr one of the best known and best liked citizens of Adelaide. Needless to add, although he, doubtless, apprecia ted the comnpliment, Mr Parr did not exactly see his way clear to liquidate on behalf of that large group of healthy children. PLAGUE OF GeASsHOPPERS.-At present there is almost a plague of grasshoppers in thedistricts surrounding Morwell. There are millions of the creatures in the paddocks, and they are eating everything that is at all green. Two vineyards owned by Messrs Alloid and Biles have been completely eaten out, and several other persons report that their orchards have been greatly damaged by the grasshoppers. In Jeers ling large paddocks of artificial grass have been destroyed, and the insects have now commenced to eat the scrub. The oldest residents say that the grasshoppers have never been in such large numbers before. Goon YVeLos.-After reading sJ much about the failureof crops here, and the giving out of the water there, of bush fires, rabbits and the host of other ills incidental to the farmers' lot, it is pleasant indeed to learn that somebody is doing well. A report from Warragul shows that the loeal harvest is by no means an ill one. One farmer expects. to reap 50 bushels of stout oats to the acre on a 50.acre block, and to get but little less from a like area sown in Tartarian. Another expects 35 bushels to the acre, from 70 acres of Tartarian oats, and, " generally," it is said, " the yieid will be of a satisfactory character for such a trying season." Satisfactory, we (" Herald") should say, if the figures given may be trusted, for any season. The Gippsland farmers' late crops were just ready for the rainfall following the drought which has sent wheat up to 5s a bushel, and added twopence to the price of the 41b loaf. Moreover, hay crops are looking well up Warragul way, and all concerned in grazing or agriculture see brighter prospects. There are good yields and high prices in connection with all that they have to sell, while a "iuxurant growth of grass" means that they can sell much without starving the home stock. Happy Gippsland ! THE TOTALtSATOR IS FRANCE.-Some idea of the injury done to the community by the excellent people who ally tholp selves with the bookmakers in resisting all efforts to jump the turf is gleaned from the records of the machine in France. During last racing season in that country a sum of nineteen million pounds passed through the Totalisator, of which £380,000 went to the charities. Seeing that the large sum which has been devoted to the relief of the poor and distressed would have gone to the bookmakers with a great deal more of the millions invested, to be spent in riotous living, it is not to be wondered at that a motion in the Cham ber of Deputies to abolish the machine was lost by 338 votes to 98 votes. The good people who adhere with such otstinacy to their fallacious contention against the Totalisator in this country may now lay the flattering unction to their souls that each year they assist the black guards of the betting ring to lead a disre putable life at the expense of the public with money that would otherwise go towards the relief of distress. Of course there are many reputable bookmakers who do not devote their profits to wholly un worthy causes, still if a portion of those profits would be used for a charitable pur pose the result would surely be more desirable. Public opinion is becoming strongly marked on this question, and at the nextgeneralelection, we will probably see the Totalisator made a prominent question. APPLICATIONS FOR SEED WHEAT. Numerous applications have been received by the Minister of Lands from farmers, in districts that have suffered from the drought, for seed wheat for the coming sowing. Strong representations were made to the Minister some time ago that agriculturists in the northern part of the colony were in great distress owing to the failure of the harvest, and he promised to give favorable consideration to deserving cases. His intention, however, was that this should apply simply to small farmers, and it was only really needy cases that the. Government could afford to consider. Mr. Best states that he has already received applications fir 12,000 bushels of uheat, 1500 bushels of oats and 28 bushels of barley. One man in all modesty had asked for 800 bushels. It need hardly be said (says the "Age") that humility of this sort will have to go unrewarded. No further applications will be received after 8th February, and when they are all in Mr. Best will have them classified into various districts, so that he may be able to make close inquiries into the circum stances of the applicant. The merits of each case will guide him as to how far assistance should be given. It is announced in our advertising columns that Mr E. A. Coates will con duct a mart sale on Saturday next. Mr A. French, dentist, announces that he will visit Traralgon on Monday next and two following days, and may be con suited at Walker's Grand Junction hoteL [AovT.] It is announced that another section of the Chino-Japanese war indemuity loan to the amount of £20,000,000 will be offered shortly. The issue.will take. place in England and Germany. The notion that the Sahara Desert is altogether a barren and worthless wasteis wide of the truth. In 1892 there were 9,000,000 sheep in the Algerian Sahara alone, besides 2,000,000 goats and 260,000 camels. On one of the oases there are \- 1,503,000 date palms giving dates worth £600,000 a year. At a suburban court on Wednesday morning a witness kissed the Bible in the usual manner, whereupon a medical gentle man present directed attention to the fact that the man had a cancerous growth on his lip. South Africa is suffering from a drought which is reported to be far more disastrous than the Australian drought. On many farms not a drop of rain has fallen for 18 months, end sheep and cattle are dying of poverty in thousands. Every soldier knows that a horse will not step on a man intentionally. It is a standing order in the British cavalry if a trooper becomes dismounted he must lie still. If he does this the whole squadron will pass over him without doing him injury. An amusing incident occurred in the Freemontle police court on the 16th inst. Mrs. Fairbairn, wife of the resident magistrate, was summoned for driving round.a street corner at a pace faster than a walk. Mr. Fairbairn retired from the bench, heard thecharge reed out, pleaded gully, and was fined 5s., with 3s. Gd. costs. Mr. T. Bent was proceeded against in the Brighton Court last week for rates amounting to £35. Mr. Thomas Bent, the " land boomer," gave evidence to the effect that he had transferred his property to his wife, and most of it was held by the Mutual Assurance Society. Mra. Bent was ordered to pay £28 and costs. Further revelations have been made of Kurdish cruelty in the late raids on Armenian village in the district of Orfah. It has been discovered that in one of the raids, having 100 wounded prisoners on I their hands, they disposed of them first by simple slaughter, by throwing them into a dry well, pouring a quantity of kerosene over the bodies and then setting fire to them. The friends of the Hon. Allan M'Lean will notice with regret that be has sus tained a loss in the death of his mother. Mrs. M'Lean passed away on Monday at the ripe age of 82. years. The deceased lady was the first white woman to cross the Latrobe, then called the Glengarry, into North Gippsland, and her child was the first white child born in the Northern province. A terrible story of suffering disaster at sea is reported from Nova Scotia, on the foggy coast of which the British steamer Ealing has been totally wrecked. The crew and passengers took to the boats, and after four days of intense suffering from cold and starvation in the bitter cold and chilling blasts of the northern winter, to which no fewer than 15 of them succumbed, they reached a settlement on the coast. The prejudicial effect of President Cleve land's " Venezuelan message' on com mercial and financial interests in the United States has been mostdeeply and strongly felt in New York. At a dinner given on Saturday, by the New York Chamber of Commerce, the toast of President Cleveland's health was not omitted, bat the guests marked their sense of the President's action by drinking it in perfect silence. The receipt of tenders for the first batch of new mail services closed on Tuesday at noon at the General Post Office, and the boher was opened by Mr. Smibert. the Deputy Postmnaster-General. A large number of tenders has been sent in by post, and it is roughly estimated that there are 900 or 1000 tenders for about 300 services in Gippsland and the Wood's Point district. The tenders will be classified and examined, which will take several weeks to complete. A narrow escape from death by snake bite occurred to Mr. Seager, of Mloe, on Monday. He was looking for cattle in the scrub when he saw a large black snake glide under a log. Dismounting from his horse he knelt down to search for the snake, when before he could get out of the way it hit him on the leg. Mr. Seager at once scarified the wound, and kept a ligature round his leg until the feeling of drowsiness wore off, which it did in a short time, leaving him none the worse for the bite beyond the cut on his leg. The Adeliado express coming to Mel bourne on Tuesday ran over a cow on the line at a cattle pit between Millbrook and tordons. The front bogie wheels of the engine were thrown off the rails ;the carri age next the engine escaped, but the front bogie of the second carriage went - of the road. No material damage was done, but there was considerabledelay, as is usual when mishaps occur between stations. A casualty van and staff were sent from Ballarat to replace the derailed vehicles, and the train reached Melbourne some hours late. A correspondent of the "Argus" writes with respect to snakebite :-" I wish to bring under public notice a simple mode of cupping, which anyone may practice. It is far more powerful than sucking. Any small vessel-a wineglass, an egg-cup, or a small empty jam- tin is required. A small piece of paper, about 1 in. square, is lit at a candle, dropped into a wineglass, and whilst the flame is burning invert the glass on the bitten part. The flame consumes the oxygen oftheo air within the glass, and thus a partial vacuum is formed and the poison will be drawn from the punctured wound." Information was received on Wednesday by cable by the Melbourne partner in the firm of George Webster and Co., soft goods warehousemen, Flinders Lane, that a meeting of creditors had been called in London by the head office in that city. The date of the meeting has not yet been fixed, but a circular is being prepared for issue to creditors setting forth the reasons why the firm was unable to meet its engagements on the 20th inst. The Mel bourne partner, Mr John Binnie, is well known and highly respected in local commercial circles, and the news of the firm's difficulties caused much surprise in the city. 