KOCK HAMPTON. TUESDAY, JANUARY 21, 18UC. LOCAL OPTION. The persistency in the face of ac- cumulating disappointments with which the supporters of local option advocate their reform, as they regard it, is beyond praise. The temperance party has never been very strong in Australia, and the proposal of local option has not been received witli unbroken assent even by it, yet tiie supporters of that proposal continue to bring it before the public with that true British courage which does not know when it is beaten. The smashing blow which local option received in the United Kingdom at the recent election does not dis- courage them ; with unabated en- thusiasm they still press on the public the acceptance of local option as the wisest step it could take. A week ago the annual meeting of the Local Option League of New South Wales was held in Sydney, and all the old arguments were brought forward afresh. It may seem unkind, but truth compels the ad- dition that these arguments were as plentifully besprinkled as ever with all the old fallacies and all thc old deter- mination not to recognise plain facts. The speakers laid great stress on the enormous sum spent annually on drink in the colony; that expenditure was the cause of incalculable misery and destitution ; if it were stopped tho benefit to the colony would be beyond estimate. Then came thc conclusion. Local option would stop it, therefore local option was the most desirable thing that could be secured for Ne%v South Wales. Argument such as this is of course hopeless. To begin with, a great part of the expenditure on drink is perfectly legitimate. The drink so bought is used and not abused, and the people who purchase it are not guilty of the slightest extravagance in so doing, for they eau readily afford the money without in any way deferring or curtailing other just claims against them. Expenditure on drink is con- damnable when the drink is improperly used, or when the purchaser is spending on it money which he ought to use in supplying more imperative wants, or in meeting his debts. But this remark applies to all forms of expenditure. Expenditure on meat would be con- demnate if the purchaser were in- dulging in that article of food to the injury of his health, and expenditure on dress to the neglect of debt« or other obligations is no less condemn- ate than expenditure itt like circum- stances on drink. To take then the entire drink bill of the colony and argue that the total sum is an improper expenditure, which ought to be stopped if possible is simply absurd. It would be just as reasonable to take the total dress bill of the colony and urge that it should be cut down three fourths, on the ground that it is an improper expendi- ture. There is no doubt extravagance on dress, people spending money on it money which they ought ronpply to other purposes. But of the total dress bill of the country the vast proportion is beyond doubt legitimate, and thc same remark is true, though perhaps the pro- portions may not bc the same, with respect to drink. Supporters of local option blunder terribly when they base their case on the total drink bill of the colony. Their case, if it rests on such ligures at all, rests on the proportion which is improperly spent, and this, although it is impossible to lind it out precisely, we al) know lo be but a small fraction of the whole. As to the conclusion tlmt if local option were granted this flagrant ex- penditure would be slopped, that is quite fallacious. If prohibition were granted and could be enforced the stoppage of this expenditure would follow. But obviously it would not follow from locnl option even in an extreme form. For there would always bc places where the supporters of local option would fuil at the poll. Then even in those places where tho local optionists succeeded the stoppage of this expenditure would bc secured only if local option meant pro- hibition. But it is rarely this is proposed. No doubt it is carrying the movement to its logical conclusion lo say that w here there is a majority of the inhabitants in any place anxious to stop the salo of liquor they should be empowered to withdraw every license. But if this were the proposal of any local option bill proposed in Australia it is pretty safe to say that it would not have thc ghost of a chance of being passed. Usually local option proposals, even when pretty sternly drawn, are content with giving the right to the majority to reduce the licenses to a stated minimum. But if this were carried out j all over Australia the expenditure on drink would still be enormous. Without taking any account of the con- traband trade which would immediately spring up, people would still buy drink in large quantities, though at greater inconvenience to themselves than formerly. Of a truth local option is thc most hopeless of movements. It would create difficulties quicker than it removed them. It would put the whole convenience and comfort of the people at the mercy of a capricious majority ; it would bring about the most striking différences between places by making it legal to do in one what it was punishable to do in another ; and it would not stop drunkenness, which is the blot aimed at in all this proposed legislation. For in the towns where the local optionists failed the drunkard would flourish as he docs now, nnd in other towns he would quickly find more sly-grog sellers willing to supply him than lie was able to patronise. As for the rich man he would not be touched at all, for he would be able to replenish his private cellar at will. Local option had the bene- fit of the support of one of the foremost men in England at the last election and it was beaten out of sight. After that reverse no prominent politician is likely to touch it again. There is a trend of opinion in England in favour of placing the hotels under the local authorities, so that the profits from the gigantic monopoly created by limiting the number of licenses should lie secured by the community and not as at present by private individuals. If the num- ber of licenses was limited to say one in 500 of the population, which would give us about thirty in Rock- hampton, and these were put up to auction for the benefit of the municipal council a very handsome sum would be received for the monopoly, which sum at present goes into private pockets. But even in England opinion- is no more than drifting in that direction. It has not advanced far enough to warrant any responsible Minister in formally proposing legislation with that object, and under the most favourable circumstances is not likely to do so for a good few years yet. When the Victorian Government was driven to ita wit's end to know how it was to obtain revenue sufficient to carry on the work of the country it cut down the expenditure on the extermination of rabbits. Things ore im- proving a little in that distressful colony, and the first addition to the estimates which 'he Government has proposed is a vote of £50,000 for rabbit extermination. This money is to be lent out to local authori- ties to enable them to net in reserves and other pieces of land under their control. The - suggestion was made in the course of the debate that if the Government netted all the Government reserves the evil would be overcome, for these reserves served os breeding grounds for the pest. The Govern- ment would make no such promise ; the scheme probably meant more money than could be afforded. A good deal of attention waB given to the new industry of exporting froten rab- bits, some members urging that if it were : encouraged the days of the rabbit would soon be over. But other members took quite the contrary view. They thought the establish- ment of such factories was favourable rather than otherwise to the rabbit. If the trade proved profitable, and it was. promising well, those engaged in it would take good care that there were always plenty of rabbits to be had. Altogether the discussion showed that beyond au opinion that the pest was a serious ? one, and that it was the duty of the Govern- ment to do everything in its power to exter- minate it, members were hopelessly divided. There was a pretty general opinion that netting in land was the only way'to clear it and keep it clear. This should be some satisfaction to our own Government, which has directed all ita legislation to securing tho netting in of country affected or likely to be affected. 