Parisian Parlance., January 18i ..." Eu'glnnd. -has -scon through tho Hypocrisy of .'tho triple alliance, ,to> "which" Germany has chuiubd Austria and- Italy for a fow years still — when the lease shall expire". France has grasped' the- ifull-. significance, of Ger many's interest in tlio Transvaal. Thbso arc two cxcollont". results, and unex pected,, diiu. to tlio Kaiser's official, not individual, „ telegram to . . Presidont Kvugor," dojtihod to ho a coup , do pied do Fori) 'to England, hut which can well turn out to ho the beginning of the end of. tho disturbing, dictatorial, 'empire. of, Germany. Jameson's raid belongs from hoiicofortli to history, and that willac'cord him extenuating circumstances. Presi dent Krttgcr will grunt municipal rights to Johnnneshcrg— pity ho dolnycd that solution. The serious matter now is tho filibustering projects of Germany. There is no doubt horo that hor lovo for the Boors -was to enable Gorman sailors to riish to Pretoria, and proclaim tho Transvaal and tho Orango State a protcctomto under Gonnany. with |tlio view of conquering tho Cupo Colony in time. That would enable her to sot up as tho studtholdcr of Holland and lior colonics ; appropriating tho Dutch navy, and absorbing' the trade "and commerce Holland. "Halt thero!" instinctively cried France and England. Britain roso to her foot, and instantly armed , to resent tho official telegram insult, and to avert all surprise. Ouco hit, twice shy. Tlio challongo was taken up by England, tho Em- puror ciivod in ; tlio bloom on tho now empire was rubbed off, and its quarter of a century legendary prowess disputed by tho nation that Germany, under , the murk ol' friendship, intended to wound aud to purloin. Tlio continent quickly per ceived that tho Kaisor was no match for Eugltind; that his navy would bo destroyed, his commerce annihilated — a boon and a blessing in tho eyos of many peoples — and his colonics taken away. He lias forced Englund and France to nt ouuc rogulato tlioir misunderstand ings, and is causing, tlio same policy towards Itussia. In tho meantime Franco can count upon British sym pathies and more, for tho restoration of Alsucc, and Schlcswig Holstcin may yet aguin ho Danish. Even allowing for England's improving the occasion by the marvellous mobilisation of flying and rkling-iit-anchor squadrons, for tho benefit of all wouM- bo advorsarios, which compelled the Kaisor to climb down, observers aro puzzled at the urmaments being con tinued liiore actively than over. It is ovidoneo at least that tho plot, whoso hatching is attributed to tho Gcriunnj has boon of a most serious character. Tlio phase of immediate danger is past. England is on tho qui vivo, mon who can hold a rifle straight aro at their posts, and ships are ready, and plenty more coming forward. Later, accounts- can lie bulnnced. Thero is the possibility that the 1D00 exhibition will not take place. The parliamentary commission has not re ported against the project m globo, hut litiscnrried conditions in detail that render .the prepared plans impossible to execute and there is no time loft to draft ethers.- This result, though possible, was net expected, as rccontly it was officially announced the opposition had adhered to the scheme. The wish was father to the thought. Tho truth is, the holding of the exhibition was never popular, imd not the ghost of enthusiasm was ever manifested in its favour, l'arisimis wore dead against it, hut left the crusade for its death, to the pro vinces. Tlio fact seems to lie that tho world requires to lio for u long time in fallow after, producing so many inter national fairs. Emperor "William will regret tho possible collapso as lie calculutod on visiting 1'aris in 1900. His presence is destined to ho as rare in this city as in London. By the extradition of Arton, Eng land has placud the present Cabinet under n great obligation. l'romior Bourgeois has now all his opponents, the Opportunists, nt his mercy. Tho Panama scandal will ho rcopuncd, and a fresh mass of filth unearthed. Public men who believed their misconduct was for ever buried, will now ho placed under microscope and searchlight. There will ho a massacre of reputations by Alton's cross-examination, with documents in support. But tho thing has got to bo done, moral hygiene exacts tho sacrifice. Tho Lohandy scandal has also drugged rotten charac ters to the footlights, to ho impaled by public indignation. That unfortunate eunseript millionaire liiul 27,000,000 francs loft him by his father. He lias boon swindled out of tho moiety of that sum. . Tlio Minister of "War bus had tho docoascd conscript's papers overhauled by tlio public proso- eutor, and many a high head hns boon brought low by tho discovered proofs of venality and blackmailing. In tho latter category is tlio head writer on tho Figaro, who signed "Jacques Suint- Core." .His real nnnio is Itosontlial, though ho had in liis unsavoury pust several aliases. Ho. . is Gorman and n Jew, and his cliiuf duty wus to decry England. Ho was significantly silont respecting other countries. Ho extracted 35,000 francs out of Lobnndy by promis ing to obtain tho ltussinn Ambassador's inihionco to sucuro his premature discharge from tho army — whioh ho never did. : Tho history of ltosentlml is vory disreputable. Premier Bourgeois is determined to havo nil such social dotritns carted away— it. is to bo hoped for ever, as ;unliappily many disappear, to return undor n now name. Tho French feel profoundly sorrowful nt this dogonoraoy of mnuuors ; somo at tribute it to tho influx of Jews, othors to tho influx of Gorman and cosmopolitan gontiles. Tho Duo do Broglio looks upon this locust descent of foreigners as so many cosmopolitan guol doliveries dumped upon French soil. Zola again repeats — and ho is . not u hot gospeller — tho putridity of mnnnors, horo and olsowhoro, is tno consoquonco of having destroyed religion, and of boing unablo to replace it by any ideal. Franco bos two protondors, the Due d' Orleans and l'rinco Napoleon. Tlioy recall tbo two porcolain dogs on a cbim- noy-pieoo, staring at- each other. Only think of Paul Deroulodo, tho ex- Boidangist and poet, being made the confidant of tho two rivals ! Tho duko represents hereditary monarchy and tho right (livino , principlo, institutions un known ;to modem France j tho prince relies on tho "souvenirs of his groat ancestor and tho plebiscite to olcct an. emperor, provided that emperor was liimeolf. of course. ..Both pretenders beg- Doroulodo' to remember that " Codlin's tlio friend, "not Short," Hodiints that a referendum vote would ho tlio salvation of Eraiice, but that every FifcncHmdu may bo 'eligible to become king, emperor, or president; tlio 'nation will thus indicate tbo .most worthy. In tlio meantime, who' will strangle tlio wicked republic, for tbo boar must be killed ere its skin bo appropriated. ... Parisians are undoubtedly more in terested in tlio 'Bcouf Gras procession than in tho pretenders. Imagino a stalled ox cutting out a duko rind a . prince, and its programme of tho pro- monrido doomed more absorbing than theirs? Tho cnvalcado will' bo very amusing and artistic, and tlio decorations and organisation aro in tho hands of the right mon. . A sum. of 70,000 francs lias been already collected, and a lottery to raise 100,000 ..francs by tickets of half n franc lias 'boon' authorised. . There will bo 15 syriiholicnl ours. ' Tho first will contain a hull recalling Apis, but dostiucd to - bo sacrificed"— priests of olden times will surround the iraimnl — by conversion into steaks and roasting ribs. The car of honour will contain tho prize ox of 1896 ; it will be the here of tho. foto, and. will visit President Ftiura and tho Chamber of Deputies. Other curs will contain fat sheep and pigs. -St. Anthony ami - his companion will have a car to themselves. Plenty of costumes, and of ull periods and nations, will bo represented. Tlio foto will open on Sunday,- February 16, 'and will oloso on Shrove Tuesday. It: will give a spurt to local trade . and rouse up oitizons a little. .J. Tlio " yellow," which is tho blue hook of France, connected with tho Madagascar expedition, has been pub lished. Like all such literature it is unentortaining, save tho conclusion, which " alludes to tho danger of Franco' undoing tho treaty sho has executed with tho Hovas, und establishing n " protectorate " over tlio island. Public opinion has not tlio remotest care what way tlio island is to bo administered, provided it involves no expense, ho able to soon pay. its way, and "opens up a market for French manufactures. It is alleged that since tlio time when Julian tlio Apostate ruled ou tlio banks of tlio Seine, thoro havo boon no Parisians. A fow lost tribe Parisii existed at tlio oloso of tho eighteenth century, but they intcr-gnillotinod each other, mid disappeared like Kilkonny cats. The caimc of this state of tilings is duo to tho flood of provincials to tlio' city. Paris and its department— the Some, lias a population of 2,800,000 ; of this total, 1,050,000 woro born outside tho department, in other words, wore provincials. Tho region of Paris, whore tho purest of tho Parisian stock is to he found, is nt Belleville. The richest pro vincials reside in and around tho Champs Elyseos. Tlio sottiomont of tho Upper Mekong removes ono. 'grave misunderstanding- between France and England. Perhaps it would lutvo boon earlier arranged had Franco not aimed to book it on to her ideas about Egypt. Tlio solution was arrived at befpro tlio Kaisor sprung bis "greed and' ".hate" ..telegram on tbo English nation.' But tho French would bo wrong to vim away with tho idea that England, being, ' it is assumed, in a inolting mood,- will quit, Egypt to please France. Ke.vuy "did Egypt require the British support" and guidance more than now. Let Franco satisfy Euglisli opinion, not that she . will not, hut that sho cannot, step into tho Kilo valley after tlio redcoats withdraw, and tho solu tion is nt hand. But explanations must ho given as to the evacuation of Tunisia and tho fortifications of Biskra, which like Batonm, wore pledged not to ho constructed. 'It is a dangerous doctrino to inculcate, that when one Power, is fighting an enemy, tiion is the moment for a third to oxtract demands. That doctrine applies both ways. . When tho big war breaks out, who can toll what tho groupings of the Powers to day will ho to-morrow ? . Tho " Devil's ltoviow," tho latest literary venture, but not called on to supply any long felt want, takes cog nisance of black art doings, and" Satanic matters in general, It accused a Swiss lady of boing mixed up with " black masses," and, was fined 100 francs and costs, and to pay tho cxponsos of tlio insertion of. the' judgment in any three journals sho pleases, tlmt sho has nothing to do with Bculzohub matters. JiC Cicl , JjCs Chumps JElgsees, and Im NomelU C'mm are just tlio trinity of papers slip requires. If thoy lmvo not tho largest circulation in this tlioy may liavo in tho other world. It would not pay to publish tho judgment in L'JSitjbr — it is devoted to tho ragpickers' 'in dustries and knnokcrs' yards interests. M. do Rivalioi'o, n soul doctor, traces tlio dociiduuco of tho middle chissos to tho law of primogeniture being repealed, which doprivos a parent of tlio right to dispose of tho fortune ho made as ho plousos. Ho hos no power ; good or had his children share equally betwoon them his property. 'Honco ho" has no induce ment to havo a family. Ho enjoys lifo tlion sololy for money and power — his ideals. 