Religious The Life, Walk, and Triumph of Faith. A SERMON DELIVERED BY THE LATE C.H. SPURGEON. "And when Abram was ninety years old and nine, the Lord appeared to Abram, and said unto him, I am the Almighty God : walk before me, and be Thou perfect."—Genesis xvii. 1. Happy was Abram to have such in timate intercourse with God ! -These sacred visitations were the grand events of his life ; but we need not envy him, for God has appeared unto us in a yet more glorious manner, and the appear ance is abiding. Behold, in the person of the Lord Jesus Christ the tabernacle of God is among men, and he doth dwell among them ; and, in the indwelling of the Holy Ghost, the believer has ob tained an intimacy with God which none of the older dispensation attained unto. The Lord was to the. former saints as" a wayfaring man who tarried but for a night ; but it is our privilege to pray, "Abide with us." and our joy to know that wherever two or three are met to gether in the name of our Lord, He is there, and will manifest himself unto them. Permit me, therefore, to en courage you to pray that the words of the Lord to Abram may be words for. you, pressed home upon your own spirit, and sounded in your souls with power, as from the lips of the Lord Himself. -1. The first thing we shall speak about is sure reliance. True confidence leans alone upon God, who declares Himself to be Almighty God, or God All sufficient, for such is an equally correct rendering of the passage. Remember that Abram was ninety years old and nine, and as yet had no child by his wife Sarah ; yet he had received a pro mise from God that there should be a seed which should spring out of his loins. He was long past the natural term of life in which it was likely that he would be the father of a son. So, also, was it with his wife Sarah. Abram, for a while overcome by unbelief, thought it best to take to himself, at the suggestion of his wife Sarah, her hand maid Hagar; and now, for some few years, Abram had possessed a son named Ishmael, and it is probable that he thought that' this son would answer to God's promise, and that somehow -or other the blessing would come through him. But the Lord had not so deter mined. " I am God All- sufficient—quite able to achieve my' own designs without such a questionable expedient as that of Hagar and her son Ishmael." That is, no doubt, the divine intent in the de claration of all-sufflciency. Hear ye, then, these words if ye also have been at any time distrustful, and let them sink into your souls—" I am God All sufficient." If any of you are tempted at this time to do what is questionable, because you cannot see how God's pro mise to you will be effected without it, the Lord tells you He wants no help of yours to achieve His own designs. " I am God Almighty," saith He ; "is any thing too hard for Me ?" This bleased text, "I am God All sufficient," may apply to us In times when we are inclined to shirk any ser vice for God. Have you never felt on b'ertaln seasons that GodS choice of you for a special labour could not be a wisp one, for you were so unfit for It ? Have you never pleaded, like Jeremiah, " But I am a child" ? Have you never cried, like Moses, " I am slow of speech, send by whomsoever thou wilt send, but not by me" ? Now, at such a time the Lord may well re mind us, " I am God All-sufficient, can not I strengthen thee ? Weak as thou art, cannot I make thee strong ? Worm of the dust, cannot I make thee thresh the mountains ?" This word may also be useful to tho=e who are trembling under some affliction. They are dreading what may yet happen. Sometimes we have before us a gloomy prospect : we know the trial must come ; we are afraid of It ; and though we have the promise, "In six troubles I will be with thee, and In seven there shall no evil touch thee," yet we stand trembling. " I am God All-sufficient" —will not that brace yoar serves and enable you |to press on, though it were through a valley as dark as death- shade itself ? Is It poverty ? G£d is All-sufficient to supply your needs. Is it physical pain ?—and some of us dread that beyond anything else— the All- sufficient God cam put under your aching head such a peace-creating pillow that in the sweetness of celestial love you shall forget the smarts of the flesh, and your soul shall be comforted when your body is ufll of agony. Why, ■what Is it that thou fearest, O child of God ? Thou hast no feeble Deity to 'trust in ; be not a coward, but play the man. The same may also 'be applied to each of us when we are under spiritual de pressions. Inward tribulations are fre-i quently more severe than temporal trials ; the* man of God knows this full 'well. We look within, and we see grace to 'be at a low ebb with us- yat least we think so ; our corruptions and our natural depravity—these we see clearly enough, and we are troubled with the sight. O, let us not,, eveii In such terrible times, ever doubt our God, for he is All-sufficient still ! Trust thou Him at all times, and let no fear cast thee down or hurry thee into an unbe lieving and restless course of action which would defile thee and bring dis honour upon His blessed name. Tea, if there are signs about thee of approaching departure—lf thy body, weakened by long disease, be like a houso that is ready to fall about the tenant's ears, yet God, who is all-suffi cient here, will be all-sufficient on yonder dying bed. He who has been almighty in life .will be almighty in death. Why art thou oast down. O my soul? and why art thou disquieted in me ? hope thou In God. 'Be glad in the Liord ye righteous, and shout for joy all ye that are upright in heart., for unto you hath. He spoken, and given this for- the rock of your confidence— " I am the Almighty God." 11\. Secondly,'bur text goes oh to speak of our right position. The . Lord says, "I:am Almighty God," and then he adds; " Walk before me." It means this : Abide, O believer, in a constant sense of God's presence. "Walk be fore Me, the All-sufficient God." Do riot wander into paths wherein you will be made to feel, " I have left my God." Have thy friend at hand : •" Be thou my heart still near my God, And thou my God still near my heart." f Not merely "•think before Me," and "pray before Me," but "walk before Me." I know many find It easy to culti vate a sense of God's presence" in their own; study, or in the room where they are accustomed to pray; but this is the point •—to feel it in business, and in the details of every-day life. God's eye is upon me when I am weighing out or measuring the goods, when I am engrossed with transactions with my fellow merchants, or when I, as a servant, am sweeping up the hearth or minding the (household duties. This you should distinctly recog nise and act upoji. You are to live in the little things of life, knowing that God is always with you,' and always looking at you—rdping your work just as will please Him. "Walk before Me." Does not it mean just this, in a word, "Do not act as seeing anybody else except me ? Walk before Me." Now, Abram had walked before Sarah: 'he had listened to her, and much mischief had come of his so ■ doing at different times. The dearest friends we have are often those who will lead us most astray when we take counsel with flesh and blood. She was peculiarly qualified from her very excellence of character to Influence Abram, and, in her unbelieving moods, to.lead him away from the glorious absoluteness of his faith. She meant well enough, but she was too politic in her suggestion as to her handmaid. In the present case the Lord seems to say to him, "Do not suffer Sarah to affect you in these things. Walk before Me." Beloved (i mind you keep clear of the unbelieving advice c-f good people, and then you will have the less, to fear from bad ones. And there was Hagar: Abram had been a great deal distressed about her, and it was but right that he should feel much interest in her welfare. And there was her son Ishmael whom he loved, and whom he would have to send, in future time, away wltlh deep regret from the household. God says to Abram, "Do not allow your course to be shaped by re garding Hagar, or regarding Ishmael, or regarding Sarah, or anybody else, Walk before Me." lam persuaded that a regard for God, a sense of duty, a straightforward following out of con victions, Is the only true style of living; for if you begin to notice the whims and wishes of one, then you will have to do the same with another; and if your course of conduct is to be shaped to please men, you will become man's slave and nothing better; and no child of God ought to come Into that condition. If I felt I came into this pulpit to please any of you, I should feel mean, utterly mean, and unfit to preach to you; and you would soon know It and find out that God was not blessing me to your souls. And if any of you, in your course of business, are always trying to catch the eye of this person, or cringing and fawning to this other nobleman, or squire, or gentleman, why, you are mean too. But the man who says, "I do the right in God's sight: I have not swerved from a sense of conscious rectitude, as before the living God," —why, sir, you have got all the freedom of soul that you can desire this side heaven. To walk before God, that la the point; to fear the Lord, and no one else, that is the state of nvind to aim at. Make this the master passion of your soul, " For me to live is Christ" ; make 'the honour of God your chief motive, and the law of God your rule. Walk before the Lord in the land of the Lying. 111\. We notice next our glorious aim : " Be thou perfect." The only way. to be perfect is to walk before the Lord. If any man desires holiness, he must get it through com momion. The way to be transformed Into the likeness of God is to live in the company of God. Hence the order of our text is highly suggestive, and should be earnestly noted and practically car ried out. First, God must be known as All-sufficient ; thus he helps arid en ables His servant to walk before Him, and then, as a consequence, that favour ed servant lafbours to obey the word of command, "Be thou perfect." Our margin reads the text thus, "Be thou Blncere," or "Be thou upright." Child of God, you ha/ye ibeen saying, " I do not see how God is to fulfil His promise to me." What have you to do with that ? Walk before God, and be you sincere. He will attend to all that He has promised. Rememtoer : "Though dark be your way, since He is your guide, 'Tis yours to olbey, 'tis His to provide." In all things be transparently sincere, never pray a formalis'tic prayer, or sing a heartless hymn, or prattle out experi ence you never felt. Shun first and foremost the leaven of the Pharisees, which is hypocrisy. Be what you would seem to be. Again, be " upright." You are fretting about .how the Lord will deal with you. Brother, that is no concern of Thine. Thy concern is that thou be upright in business. "My trade falls off," says one. Be upright, brother ; whatever you do, be upright. " But I have drifted into such difficul ties, I am afraid I shall be ruined." Be upright, (brother, whatever you do, be upright. "Oh, but- a man must take care of himself and his fariiily." Be* upright, brother ; that is the main thing to care about. It will not matter how poor you are, if you do not lose your character. Lose everything else and you may yet be happy ; but if you lose your peace of mind, who can comfort you ? But our version says, "Be thou per fect," and for my part, I like it as It stands : "Be thou perfect." " Oh," says one, "but how can we be perfect ?" I will ask thee another question : Wouldst thou have God command thee to be iess than perfect ? • M so, He would be the author of an imperfect law. "The law of the Lord is perfect;" how could it toe otherwise? I do not find that He Ibids us partly keep His law, but wholly keep it. And so the Lord holds up this as the standard of a Christian, "Be thou . perfect." Let us be perfect in desiring to have all the round of graces—faith, love, hope And as we have all the graces, so we should seek to have in our lives exhibited all the virtues, in the fulfilment of all our duties." By God's grace may your character be full-orbed ! May God grant you grace to be at home and to be abroad, and to be in the shop and in the chamber, and to be in every depart ment of life, just that which a man should be who walks before the All sufficient God. Now, I think 1 hear somebody saying, " How shall we ever reach such a height ?" My dear brother, you never will do so except you remember the first part of the text—" I am the Almighty God." He can help you. If there be any sin that you cannot overcome yourself, He can overcome it for you. If there be any virtue you have not yet reached, He can lead you up to it. Never despair of the highest degree of grace. What the best of men have been, you also may be. There is no reason why you should not yet be elevated beyond all the sin into which you may have fallen from inad vertence or temptation. Have hope, my brother ; have hope for a higher plat form of character.. Have hope yet to be conformed unto the image of God's dear Son. Some of the Lord's Peters follow afar off, and they get into trouble ; but they do not enjoy the sweets of divine fel lowship and peculiar manifestation. But this careful walking, this close walk ing, this keeping near to an All-sufficient God, this resting solely in Him—oh, this it is that brings the sweetness and the joy which are the antepast of heaven— which are, indeed, a young heaven be gun this side the tomb. The Lord bring my dear friends all into holy fellowship with God. Soap is not a modern invention. It is twice mentioned in the Bible, first in Jeremiah, and again in Malachi. His tory tells us that more than 2000 years ago the Gauls manufactured it by com bining beech-tree ashes with goats' fat. Very frequently when the shores of the Irish Sea are wrapped in mist or fog, • and drenched with rain, the Isle of Man is lying beneath a cloudless sky, bathed in sunshine. In fact, a few hours' jour ney from, say, one of the towns of south-east Lancashire makes as great a change in the climatic surroundings of the traveller as would a journey from London to the Riviera in February. 