Ada Ransome's Inheritance. BT LAWRENCE FLETCHER. , Author of "Into the Unknown : A Romance of South Africa," "Zero the Slaver," ftc [AM, RIGHTS RESERVED.] . - FOB THE MINBB. PART H. , CHAPTER XX-VH. TEE DOCTOR AGAIN. i Hardly had X made my signal, however, \- v when, to »my surprise and delight, it was answered ^at once, and before another r. minute had elapsed I was deep in con verea > tiori* with ' Bunt. As might be expected, his first expression wa3 a digniBed chuckle of joy over the repulse of the Wrecker's boats by the Lapwing. But needless to say I was fairly stagrçsred when he bogan to congratulate me upon the way in which I had succeeded in giving timely warning to the ship and putting her on her guard. '' Without this, he said, there was no man- ner of doubt that the few men left as care ? takers would have heen promptly over- powered and easily butchered, and one of his Majesty's' newest and fastest boats would have fallen au easy prey to our "subtle enemy,, though what use abe would ,v>: baye been'to him none could see, and Bunt ' ¿ forth with proceeded to ask me if I knew. I, of course, at once disclaimed all know ..' ' ledge of the warning to which be alluded, and assured him that until I was almost ,V ulongsfde the vessel I had not even the 7 ghost of a notion what we were np to on the water that night; and it was his turn to exhibit surprise. However, a9 I have, I think, previously said, my comrade knew that I was incapable of jesting on professional matters, and he without more ado pulled ouïr the note to which reference hos been made, and assured . me that it had, by a fortunate chance, fallen into his own hands whilst he was indulging in a Bwim the day before. The message was corked up in a bottle, aud I saw at a glance that it Wis written in pencil on a man's Bhirt cuff, and that the fiat, moreover, was the doctor's. " Why, pood heavens, Built, this is from the doctor, but how the deuce he got the chance to commit it to the Rea passes my understanding. Come now, he is improving, and I really have hopes of him after all, for if he can fuirly get on the Wind aide of that little she tiger in thia way, there mntt be 'il- something rn the man. But how in the i\f;;, .'¿amo ot wonder did he do it V" ' ':>Bunt was as much astonished as I was ... ' bufci seeing no way out of the difficulty, we *. had.tip'.thaiikfully accept the fact and wait f a morerfevorable time for discussion or ex / planation, and n»y comrade next proceeded to give me the intensely gratifying result of his excuráibii' ulong the coast with young HoBkine.-'L.Z:'*.'-.' - - On thinking over.,my suggestions, and comparing with ai map the bearings I had given him of the.plao^ jby^cpmpass, ho had at last arrived at tfie conclusion that if an opening in the sea -Wall-did exist, as I had said, it must bc very close to the Land's P'" End itself So thither he betook himself with only Bob Hoskings for guide, philo- sopher, and friend, at high water mark next morning This, he said, he had done, not because no "thought I was wrong in my suggestion that the opening was uncovered and visible at low water only, but because it occurred "lo'him that if ho weat at dead low water he would have only a couple of hours nt moat in which to make his survey with any likelihood of success, as after the \- , ' lapse orthutf'time 'the water would, of r ' course, bfl, fwing1fi»st^and''pei;haps covering exao'tly what? tío wantea tb see. This idea was an extremely fortunate one for bim, as it go happened that after he had, at no small risk and trouble, carefully and most suspiciously examiued every nook and cranny of the famous fissure known as the Needle's Rye which bisects the actual point of the Land's End, and absolutely cuts it in two except for a little surface rock and earth. After he had, as I say, given up this likely spot in disgust, and was reluctantly leaving the place jn utter despair, as youug Hob warned him that thc .tiae was running out like a mill race, and might at any moment «lash them against the rooks, hin attention was all at once caught and held by a huge shadow whxh gradually crossed the narrow bar of sunlight which illumined the blackness of tbd gulf, and then soddenly re- crossed it again and vanished in the obscurity, accompanied by a weird, nerve shaking sigh, which would have done credU, he said, to the lungs of the fabled sea serpents of the Southern Ocean. Turning a deaf e*r to the warnings of the terrified lad that at any moment t*te boat might leí bodily oh a pointed rock as the water fell away from under her bo tom, Bunt pushed the little cockle shell further and further in and watched with tho closest attention, and his pluck and perseverance were almost immediately rewarded by a discovery oí enormous practical niue to the causo we had at heart, for he had at 1 ist hit upon thc sceret which had for a doze . years defied thc watchfulness and intelligence of some of the smartest Preven!ive officers in the service of his Majesty's revenue. Some- what to my surprise I now learned 'hat tue entrance io the lagoon, already described by myself, was ene of feature's own mysterious and carefully-guarded secrets and not the result of any cunning or forethought of our enemy, for this was what it proved to be. Suspended in an immense fissure in the sea wall of the mine and almost in the centre of the opening, hung a mighty mass of rock, balanced on its points af each edg ! and swinging upon these as upon hinge-, being obviously a trifle heavier at the upper end. So long as thc outer cive w.«s fu'l of water the weight of the sea an I the pressure of its ceaseless attempts to force its way into the mine through the crevices of this natural door, caused the stone to swing to and hermetically seal the entrance to the mine, but the moment tho tide fell the pressure was, of course, diminished, and the weight of the upper portion of its balance began to open the door ; and this went on until at dead low water the great stone hung practically w!de open and allowed egress for the mine-imprison- d water as well as free access to the Wrecker's secret haunt, so without more hesitation the pair cautiously pushed their little boit through the opening which was wide enough to admit a man-of-war, and at once came full upon sight of the mysterious light, the j crowning wonder of this abode of darkness and of death. Like myself, however, these curious fellows forgot that sight of these wonders was conditional upon the state of thc Channel tide, and just as I had been trapped at the Dead Man's Rock, so they were caught by the rising tide, vhich ' promptly closed the natural door and im- prisoned them effectually for half a day without food or drink, beyond what Bunt was fortunate enough to have in his flask. Interested as I had benn before, when I heard this I at once concentrated all my attention upon Bunt. " Why," I said, " if you were shut up there, you were shut up with the Wrecker himself." " All right, Sam," chuckled he, " wait a bit. I'm coming to that all right," and knowing his way of old, I let him take it, sure of the fact that it would pay me best in the long run. When the pair found themselves shut in, Bunt at once realised from what I had told him that they were in a very tight place and had best look out for their own skins without loss of time, so, pulling some little away across the lagoon, they got the boat in a deep inlet behind some broken rock, drew the plug out of her bottom and sank her, with, of course, a rope attached, and then hid themselves in a dark corner well concealed by rocks and weeds. Thia done, there was nothing left of them but to possess their soul in patience and fight the fight of sit down. After the pair had been in thia uncom- fortable position for a couple of hours they all at ooce saw the Wrecker approaching noiselessly, to-ch in hand, »nd at first sight thought he was making directly for them, accompanied by another man, who carried a barrel of what was doubtless powder, and this was by the orders of the chief placed on the reef of rocks near the Bea entrance. The Wreckor then extinguished the torch and lighted a laree mining lamp, and by this my friend paw the whole operation ni charging the blaät holes satisfaccorily performed. The workmen seemed ai doubt ¡is to the wisdom of what lie was doing, for he once or twice stopped and seemed to be arguing the question with the Chief and pointing to the mine below, but he was over- persuaded atlast, and when he had finished his task and the Wrecker had carefully fixed the electric wires, both the men dep tried, and so far as Bunt know, that WAS the end of the matter. It was quite clf:ar to me now why the NentinM at the last, level had been murde-ed. He had not merely seen the Chief enter the Lagoon Gallery as I had supposed, but had actually accompanied him and done his villainous work for him, and that was enough lo write the doom of a hundred such fellows as he, with thc subtle Wrecker. Our colleagues waited another hour or two to make sure that all was safe, then raised and floated their boat once more, and left the mine with thankful hearts as aoon as the way was opened to them by the mighty hand of Nature herself, and the evening ebb. Hookinga was very anxious to withdraw the charges from the borings, Bunt said ; but on the whole he had decided that I knew all there was to know, and that any inter- ference with these would be evident at a glance and would probably be seen by the VV reeker, and cause him to take measures for testing his wires also, and thus upsetting all my schemes. The pair had a terrible job of it getting out of the Needle's Eye in the dark, and Bunt said that once or twice he certainly thought they would have heen stoved or sunk and their information loft with them, and that on the whole he concluded he was nor, very found of boating at nigh'. When Bunt was t hrough with his story, and 1 had told him the ultimate fate of the Wrecker's workman, wo fell io discusing the situation. Il would have be.-n rela- tively easy, nf course, for to carefully watch my opportunity and put a knife into the Wrecker, provided always that he was not pro'ected by a coat of chain mail, which I considered more than prob- able ; but even if we adopted this course, which was repugnant to me, we- should be none the better off as regarded M ¡HS Ran some; for it was quite evident that any person who took up the mantle of the Wrecker would havo to take very g o 1 care that tho girl did not escape and giv-> thc place away, and there was no* tho rrmntost chance of their setting her fren undur con- ditions of any kind, as 1 well knew ; sn that all things considered we came lo the con- clusion that the original plan ! had formed was tho beBt, and wc decided, therefore, to adhere to this as fa- as possible ; unless, of course, it was interfered with hy some future events over which wo had no con- trol. lu the meantime we Mt fairly safo, as even if the Wrecker proceeded to ext remiiies »nd tried to fire the min« we should ho in no worse case than we were at present ; »nd as long as he believed that hu was se .ure and had the trump card up his s loe fe, it was certain he would not take any steps against Miss Ransome's lifo. Why should he? .She could dio along wi'h 'he rest of us " by accident." There was ito fe.ir of him precipitating ma'tera now until he was certain that they went ripe tor explosion 1 was, moreover, as sure as a man oui»! be that he would not be satisfi-d with thu mere wiping out of the gnng proper, but that if he could ho satisfied by his npios that the position of the mine wa* discovered H nd an attack intended he would, ont. of very malice and revenge, waitu.uil the attacking party was safoly caged and then put his hellish plot into execution, thus disposing of his enemies as well as getting Vid of his undesinble triends and their possible op portunity at some inconvenient and future time. Thus, when we parted, not to meet again till all was over, and whilst. Bunt went home to Bosciwen and bod, I descended to the mine, to face new danger and trouble from that fertile source of all ill, the women, indirectly, and the doctor di- rectly, for that gentleman, evidently thinking he had hidden a multitude of sins by his peiformance with the shirtcuff and the bottb, now proceeded to MOW a new crop of trouble and difficulty for m . and my hard- working colleagues, simply because he once again came to ths foolish conclusion that he, and he alone, could save his swoe' - heart from her fate, and chose to distrust the wisdom and intelligence of men who had forgotten more of such matters than he would ever learn if he were to liv« a thousand years, and live t v -ry one of them in just euch an atmosphere as we were living in and breathing in at preseut. The lion may be a very noble animal, bu' in nine cases out of ten he will g^t huns If caught and killed, where thu fox will. scape scot free. Wending my way down into the mine, the first thine which struck me with a chill of fear was the fact that my own men, aa I might call them in a manner of .speaking, had all been drawn from thc gnaid pests, and in place thereof 1 found two of the Wrecker's own particular friends at every station on the lino from end to end ; that is, I should add, when I got to the end, for the first lor absolutely refused to let even me go past them because I had not got the new word for the morning, and I was coolly detained whilst they wired down to the chief and asked his instructions in regard to me The reply wus characteristic-" Let. Faro pass, and don't be fools ;" which amused me much and annoyed them in- tensely. (To be continued on Tue'dny.) 