[?] SOWS AND FATHERS: B HARRY STILLWELL EDWARDS, Atranon op "Two Runaways," "Miko, ' " SistebTodhooteb'sHbabt," "De vatteir an' De Shaddeb, "Ole Miss an" Sweet- beabt," ew.,' exo. Ail Rights Reserved. Chapter IX.— The Stranger, on tiie threshold. . . , : " What line of business aro you in ? " queried Montjoy. ' ' "I am not in business," said the other, " I am a ncphow of . John Morgan of your city, I suppose you must have known him." "Yes, indeed. "And am going out to wind up his affairs. I have boon abroad ond have only just returned. The newB of bis death was quite a surprise to mo. I had not been informed that be was ill." Montjoy now regarded him with renewed interest. " Then you are the heir of John Morgan?" " I am told so. It is but thrco days since I reached this country, and I havo no informa tion except as contained in a brief notice from attorneys." " How long since you have seen him ?" " I have nevor seon him— at least, not since I was an infant, if then. My parents left me to his care. I have spent my life in schools until six or seven years ago, when, after graduating at Harvard and then at Columbia College in law, I went abroad. I hav'o nover scon so much as the picture of. my uncle., I applied to him for one through his- Now York lawyer once, sending a new one of myself, and he replied that lie bud too much respect . for art to have his taken." "That oounda . like liiui," and Montjoy laughed heartily. "He was a florid, sandy haired man, with eyes always half closed against the light, stout, and walked somewhat heavily. He has boon a famous .criminal lawyer, but for many years ha9 not Be'emed to care for practice. Ho was a heavy drinker, but not a drunkard; the most eccentrio mail . I ever met, but with all that you would rely implicitly upon what he said. Ho left a large property, I pre- sumo r " So T infer." Edward looked ' out of tlia window, but presently resumed the converra- tion. " My uncle stood woll in tho community, I Biippose?" " Ob, yos ; wo have lost a good citizen. Do yon expect to make your homo with us ?" "That depends upon circumstances. Very likely I shall." . " I see I Well, sir, The Morgan placo is a nicp&diMiii;\tlosed to tho young poopio' toifjoiig.'' "I am afraid they/wilt , not; .find, tpry gay." A shadow wtted over' luh'.-fdee; plotting out tho faint smitC; 'V-MQntjoy obacrved tbo, peculiar ehango thon/aipd\tsratup,maj,.tinj«a afterwards. ' - r'/ Tho townB and villages glided away as tho wcarisomo journoy by train proceedod. Edward Morgan noticed that tlioro was littlo paint ujion the oountry houses, and that the fences wore gone from most neighborhoods. And then the sun sank bolow tho black cloud, painting its peaks with gold and filling tho caverns with yellow lights and aoross the blaz ing sun now upon tlio horizon, church spires, fall buildings and eloctrio light towers filed with solomn dignity, and then ctood motionless. The journey wae at an ond. " My homo is six miles out," said Montjoy, " and if you will go with mo I will bo glad to havo you. It is quite a rido, but anything iB prcfcrablo to tho hotels." Morgan's face lighted up quickly at. this unexpected courtesy. " Thank you," ho said ; " but I don't mind tho hotols. I havo nevor had any othor home, sir, except boarding houses." Through his sniilo thoro foil tho littlo destroying shadow. Montjoy had not oxpectcd him to accept, but bo turnod now, with his winning manner. " WoU, thon, I insist. IVo will find a waggon waiting outsido, and to-morow I .am coming in, and will bring you back. Don't say a word, my dear follow, but conio along. Wo will havo to get acquainted Bomo of tlicso days, and thoro is nothing like making an early start." Ho was already heading for tho side walk, elbowing liia way through an excursion party, just returned. His company wae as sunlight, and Morgan was "'jjlfted to stay in tho suuliglit. Thou I wiu go," ho said. " You ore very kind." A four-seated vohielo stood outsido, and by it a littlo old negro, who laughed as Montjoy rnpidly approached. rri, Isam," he said, tossing his bag in, bow aro all at bomo ? " "Bey's all woll." " By tho way, Mr. Morgan, we will probably »vo to leavo your trunkB, but I can supply you With everything for a ' one-night stand.' " I havo a voliso that will answer if there is room." Plenty. Let Isam have tho ohook, and 10 will got it." Wliilo Morgan was fooling for Ins bit of brass, Isam continued : — Miss Annie will bo mighty glad to boo yon. cnt mo in here now goin' on fo' times, an' gettin' maddor " That's all right ; hero's tlio oheok ; hurry Montjoy'B notion, almost feverish, was a mnn- o m, but it affcotcd every one. The negro Btartod 0ff rapidly. in. fV0 "l0 Isam," ho eaid, when tho. uogro had roturned and resumed tho linos. "I reckon we'll bo too late for supper at home ; bettor get it in town." " Miss Mary save supper for you,' sho', Morse Norton." . "Save the misohiofl Go ahead I" The singlo horso moved forward in a dignified trot. .. As thoy entered the club HOvcraIyoung mon were grouped near a centre tablp. Thoro was a vista of open doors, a glimmer of cards and tho crash of " billiards. Montjoy walked up and dropped liia hat on the table, then followed a gonorai oxolomntion and handshaking. Edward Morgan noticed that they called him "old man'-' and "old fellow," and greeted him with general cordiality. Then bo saw his mannor change, and ho turned with, a Bhow of form ality. " Geutlomon, this is my friond, Mr. Morgan, a nephew, of Colonol John Morgan." He rapidly ptonouncod tho names of thoso presont, and eaoh shook tho newcomer's hand. At the same time Morgan felt their Biidden scrutiny, but it was brief. Montjoy rang tho bell. " What aro -you going to havo, gentlemen ? John," to thu old waiter, "how are rou. John ?" " First rate, Marse Norton, first rate." The old man bowed and smiled, well pleased.. "Just come in, I see." . " Yes; John. -Take theso ordera, John. Five toddies, one Rhino" wine, and hurry, John? Oh, John I" The worthy came back. "There is only one mistako you can make with mine ; take cure about the water ! " "All right, sail, all right. Deir won't bo any." While the refreshments were being prepared Morgan was engaged in conversation- uy several. His mission was guessed at once, he raw, but be noticed that no reference to it was made. His rapid survey of his new acquaintances im pressed him in another way. All wero as well dressed as the loungers in the metropolitan hotels and in the same styles- Montjoy ordered a tremendous supper, as lie called it, and whilo waiting the lialf-Uour for its preparation, soveral of tho party repeated tiro order for refreshments, it appeared to tho stranger with something like anxiety. It was as though thoy feared an opportunity to return the courtesies they had accepted would not he given. None joined thom at supper, hut when tho uowcomcrs woro seated ono of the gentlemen lounged near, and, droppinginto a seat, renewed the conversa tion that had been interrupted. Champagne had been added to tho Buppor, and this gentle man yielded at longtli to Montjoys demand and joined them. Tho conversation ran npon local politics until Morgan began to feel tlio isolation. Ho took to studying the new man, and presently felt the slight, inexplicable prejudice that ho had formed upon tho introduction, wearing away. Tho man was tall,- dark and straightly built, probably 30gycara of age, with fino oyes and un changing countenance. Ho did hut little talk ing, and when he spoke it was with great do- liberation and positiveness. The more he saw of the face the mora Morgan liked it. It seemed to promise decision and steadfastness. If there were an unpleasant Bhading of character written there it was in the mouth, which, whilo not , in formed, seemed to promise a relentless, per haps a aruol disposition. - It was this that had affeoted him a few moments before, and reading f arthar ha . was aware that tho ;high and noble \ forehead redeemed it all. This man was now ud- droning him: — " You will remain some time in Macon, Mr. Morgan?" Tho voice possessed but few ourvos ; the re serve of tho man wasguarded at all points. It grated a trifle upou the stmugcr. " Oh, I suppose so," he raid ; "I cannot tell as yet ; I do uot know what will be required of mo." " "Woll, I will ho pleased to soo you at my placo of business whenever you find an op portunity of calling. Norton, bring Sir. Morgan down to bco me." Ho laid his card by Edward and bade them good cvoning. Looking over his piato, tho latter read H. R. Barksdale, president A. F. and C. Railroad. He had not caught the name in the gonorai introduction. "Good follow," raid Montjoy, between moutbfuls; "talked moro to- night than I overheard him, and nover know him to pull a card before." The niglit was dark. Tho road ran over hills, but sometimes wns sandy enough to reduco tho horso to his Hlowost gait. "From this point," raid Montjoy, looking back, "you can see tlio city fivo miles away, rather a good view in the daytime, but now only tlio scattered clcctrie lights show up." "I stood on tho Brooklyn Bridgo a few nights since, ill New York," raid Morgan, "fcoling no dosircto sleep, and watched the great city for houra, as it sunk to rest. The smallor lights went out, and tlio long sigh of the great monster lessened at last into silonoo. Havo you ovor noticed that sigh ? It belongs to every great city — London, Paris, Berlin, Vionnn, all have it— tlio lust tired breath that precedes sleep. In Constantinople it was almost a gasp. The lights that Burvivcd tho transformation reminded mo of tho final silenoo of the caiulloB in a cathedral, when a dead Italian general lay tlioro in state all night." " It must havo been pretty," raid Montjoy, and then they rodo in silence. The moon rose over a wooded l-idgo, and shed a light that was almost tangible, it Bocmed to Morgan. " It looks liko tho South of France," lio raid, presently. Montjoy revealed tlio direction of liis thoughts. "You will find tilings at homo very different from what thoy onco wore," lie put in. " With freo labor tlio plantations havo run down, and it is vory lianl for tlio old planters to mako any thing out of land now. Tlio negroes wont work, and it hardly pays to plant cotton. I wish often that father could do something clso, hut ho can't change at his timo of life." " Could uot tlio youug men do better witli the plantations ?" " Young men 1 My dear sir, tho young mon can't afford to work tho plantations; it is ub much as thoy can do to mako a living ill town— most of them. And thoy haven't got tlio capital." " What becomes of thom ? " Thoy clerk and practice law and medicine, preach and work in all branches of business, and write for tho papers. Some of tliem bo- coma drumniors, aiiu the balance," ho con- eluded, laughing, "aro life insurance agents.' " Is tlioro room for all ?" " No, indeed. Thoy aro having a hard time of it, I reckon, and salaries are getting smallor evorv year as competition increases. But what canihoydo?" 44 1 . liavo heard, " said Morgan slowly, that labor is the wealth of a country. It soomB to rno that if they expect to mako anything of this they must tabor in tlio productive branches Lawyers and doctors nnd all the trades and professions are perhaps necessary, hut at last they are only the agents of order and health , «chaDS« > $he factors of society. Where does the support for all come from?" "From tlio farms— from cotton mostly." Tho uogro is then, after ail, tile- productive agont. . Montjoy thought a moment before reply ing. "Yes," he said finally; "as a rule. Manu facturing; is increasing, nnd there is same de velopment in raining, hut as a matter of fact tlie negroes ond the poor whites of tho country keep tho balance np. Somebody has got to sweat it out bctwoon tho plough hnndlei I couldn t mako 100 . dollars a year on tho best plantation in Georgia, but I can moke SOCIO dollars selling clothing." , The dignified horse had climbed hi3 Inst hill for .the night, and was just turning into an avomto when a dork form came plunging out of the 8hadow.and collided with him. violently. Morgan behold a rider almost unhorsod and heard an oath. For an instant only he saw tho mans face, white and malignant, and then it disappeared in tho', darkness. To Mont joy's greeting, good naturcdly hurled hack into the night, there came ho reply. "My wife's . couBin, he said laughing. "I am gtad it is not my horse ho is ridintr to night." Thoyeameup in. front of a targe houso with Corinthian columns and many lights. There was a sudden movement of chairs upon tlio long verandah, and then a young womnn canm slowly down to tho gate and lifted her face to Mont- joy's kiss. A pretty boy of 5 climbed into his arms. Morgan stood silent, . touched by tho sceno.' He Btartedviolontly as Norton Mont- joy, remembering his presence, called his name, lhe woman extended her hand. "I am very glad to see you," sho raid, ac centing tho adjectivo. Morgan, sensitive to fine impressions, (lid not liko tho voice, ultiioagh tho courtesy was perfect. Thoy advanced to tho porch. An old gentle- man was standing at tho ton of the stops. In tho light streaming from the hallway Morgan saw that ho was tall and soldierly, and with grey hair pressed back in groat waves from the temples. He put one arm around his son, and tho other around his grandson, l hut did not re move hi3 eyes from the guest. While he ad dressed words of welcome and chiding to the former, bo wns slowly axtending his right hand, seeing which the Bon said, gaily :— ' "Mr. Morgan, father— a nephew of Colonel Jolm Morgan." Tho light fell upon tho half- turned fnco of the old gentleman and showed it lighted by a mikl and benevolent expression and a dawning smile. . " Indeed ! Come in Mr. Morgan, como in ; I nm glad to seo you." Tho words woro cordial and tho tono of voice perfect, but to Edward there seemed a shading of surprise iu the prolonged gaze that rested upon him. Norton had passed.on to the further end of the porch, where an elderly lady rat upright, prevented -from rising by a little girl asleep in her tap. There wero sounds of repeated kisses as sho embraced her overgrown hoy, and then hor voice. "Tho Duchess tried to keep her eyes open for you, but she could not. Why are you so Into ?" Her Video was as the winds in the pines, and the hand she gave to Morgan a moment later was as cool as chamois and as soft. A young girl had come to tho doorway. She was simply dressed in white, and her hair was twisted into the Grecian knot that makca some women appear more - womanly. She put her arms about the big brother, and gave . her. little hand to Morgan. For a moment their eyes met, and thon, gently disengaging her hand, she went to lean against hor father's chair, softly stroking his white hair, while the conversation wont round. ''Mary," said the older woman, presently, "Mr. Morgan and Norton have had a long 'ride, and must bo lruugry." "No," raid the latter, checking the .girl's sudden movement; "wo have had something to cat in town." You should have waited, my son; it was a needless expense,"- said the mother, - gently. "But I am afraid" you will never practice economy." Norton tauglicd, and did not dis pute the proposition. - The young mother and ahildren disappeared, and Norton gave a spirited acoount of the quarantine incident without securing applause. "I understand,' said tlio colonol to his guest presently, when conversation lrnd lulled, "that you are a nephew of John Morgan. I did uot know that ho had brothers or sisters " "I am not really a nephew," raid Morgan, quietly, "but a distant relative, and alwayB taught to regard him as uncle. Something in liia voice made the young girl lift her eyes. His figure iu tlio half light where he rat was immovable. Agaiuat tho wliito column beyond, his head, graceful in its outlines, was sharply silhouetted. It was bout slightly forward ; and whilo they remained upon the poroh, ever at tho sound of his voioo buo would turn her oyes slowly and lot thom rest upon the speaker. But she was silent. chapter in.— A bfieatk prom tiie old . South. The room in . which Edward Morgan opened his oyes next morning was large and tlio ceiling low. The posts of the bed-ran up to within a foot of the tatter and sauported a canopy. As he lay letting tho dream shadows draw away, his oyes took in all tho details of his apartment, There was no. carpet, tlio curtains were of oliintz, and the InmbrequinH evidently Homo raado. The piotures on the walls woro few, and ohiofly portraits, Thoro was a steel engraving representing tho last mooting of Leo nnd Jack-' son, in a fraino made of pine colics, with oluators of young pinoa nt tho cornors. The curtains wero held back with rosettes of paper, and there wore home made brackets on both sidos of tho mantel, full of swamp graases. Tho bureau had two miniature Tuscan columns, be- tweon which was hung a awivel glass. All was homely, hut clean and suggestive of in woman a presence. And through tho open window thoro lioatcd a delicious atmosphere, fresh, cool and odorouB, with tlio bloom breath of treo and abj-ub. Ho Btopped out of bod and looked forth. For a milo ran tho great fields of cotton and oofn, with here ana there a cabin and its ourl of smoke. A flook of pigeons wero walking about tlio barn doors ond a numbor of goats waited ot tlio aide gate, which led into a broad back yard. In the distance ho conld see nogroos in tho flolds, hoar thoir songs and tho "olank" of a littlo grist mill in tho valley. But sweeping all other sounds from mind, ho heard also another musical yoioo calling "Chick! chick ohickee! chickce 1" and caught a glimpse of fowls hurrying from every direotion towards tho back yard. Ho plunged his head into a basin of cool water, and pre- Bontly ho was dressed. The front door waB open, as it had remained all night, tho olinira on tlio porcli, with here nnd tlioro books nnd papers, when Edward Morgan walked out. Tlio yard waB spaciouB nnd full of plnnts ; ho noticed, in that ensy way jiconlinr to artists, borders of piiik«< and dusty millor, a boxwood hedge, roses of many hues, transplanted wild flowers, old maids, honoy- 8ucklcs, and a wilderness of morning glories that reminded liirn of a famous drop curtain once seen in Paris. Sunflowers and poko berries were growing along tho front feneo, anil mock ing birds, cardinals and jays, thoir animosities suspended, were breakfasting sido by side, IIi3 walk carried him to the side of the house, and, looking across tho low wicket fence lie saw Mary. Her sleeves were rotted up above the elbows and her arras covered with dough from'a great pan into which, from timo to time, she thrust a hand. A multitude of ducks, chickens, and turkeys, and guineas scrambled about her, and a dozen white pigeons struggled for stand- ing room, upon her shoulders. "May I come in V ho called. "If you can stand it, Mr. Morgan." There was not the slightest embarrassment; the brown- eyes were frank and encouraging: ho E laced his hands upon the fence and leaped ghtly over. "what , a family you hftve 1" he said.. She smiled, turning hor faoe to him as sho scattered dough and gently pushed away the troublesome birds, " Many birds' mouths to fill ; and they will have to fill Bonie mouths, too, one of theso days, poor thingB." . "That is but fair." " "I suppose so; but what a mission in life— jnst to fill somebody's mouth !" "The mission of many poor men nnd women I have seen," he raid gravely,-. "is merely to fill mouths. And sometimes tlloy get so poor they can't do that." . "And sometimes chickens get tho same way," she said ragely, at which both tanghed outright. Her face resumed its placid expression almost instantly. - " It mast bs sad to bo very poor ; how I wish thoy oould arrange for all of the- poor people to come out hero and find homes. There seem3 to bo so much land wasted." "They would not stay long anywhere away from tho city," he said; "but do you never sigh for city life?" "I prefer, it," she replied simply, " but we cannot afford it. And there is no one to take care of this place. It fa harder on Annie, brother's wife. She simply detests the country. When I graduated " "You graduated 1 "ho exclaimed, almost in- crcduoualy. She looked at him surprised. "Yes ; I am young— 17 this month— but that fa not extraordinary. Mamma graduated at tho same ago— lfi— 10 ycara ago." A servant ap proached, spoon in hand. . "Want some more lard, missy." She took hor bunch of keys, and selecting one that looked like tho hostile memento nt Mount Vernon, un locked the smoke house door and waited. "Half of that will do, Giney," she raid, never looking around as sho talked with Morgan, and the woman returned half. " Now," she continued, to him, "I must go bco about tho milking." 'I will go too, if you do not object. This 1b all now and enjoyable." Thoy came to whore the women wore at work. Morgan, thought tho animals had a grazed rather than a fed look, and that tho yield was small. As tliey Btood looking on, a calf that had boon galloping 'about; with nis tail arched, came up and stood by tho girl's side, and let her rab its sensitive ears, A littlo kid approached, too, and bleated. "Aunt Mollie," Mary asked, "has its mother come up yet?" "No, ma'am- Spca' somop'n done cotch her." " See if he will drink some cow's milk— give mo the cnp." She offered him a little and the hungry animal drank eagerly. "Let him. stay- in the yard until he gets large enough to feed himself." Then turning to Morgan, laughing, she raid, "I expect you are hungry, too. I wonder why papa does not come." "Ishoup. "Oh, yes. He goes about early in the morn ing. There ho, comes now." Tho soldierly form of the old man was seen out among the pineB. - " Bring in breakfast, Gincy," she called, and presently several negroes sped octobs the yard, carrying smoking dishes into the cool basement inningroom. Thon the bell rang. At tho top of the stairway Morgan had an opportunity to bettor see his hostess. The lady was slender and moved with deliberation. Her grey- hair was brushed down over her temples; and hor faded face was brightened by eyca that seemed to swim with light and sympathy. Tlie dross was a htaoli silk, old in fashion and texture, hut -kere was real face at the throat and wrists, and a little laoe headdress. She smilod upon the young man, and gave liim her plump hand as he offered to assist her. " I hope you slept well," she raid ; " no ghosts ! That part of the house you were in fa raid to be a hundred years old, and must be full of memories." . They Btood for grace, and then Mary took her place behind tlie coffee pot and served the deli- cious borefago in thin oups of eliino. Tlio rneol consisted of broiled chicken, hot; light biscuits, bread of cornraeal, and eggs that Morgan thought delicious, corn cakes, bacon, and fine .butter. A little darky behind an enormous apron, but barefooted, stood by the coffee pot, and with a great brush of the gorgeous peacock feathers kept the few flio3 off tho tiny castor in tho middle of the table, while hia eyes followed the conversation, aronnd. . Neither Norton nor his wife appeared, but presently tbore was a clatter on the stairs and the little boy came down and olinibad into bfa high chair. He was barefooted, and evidently read; for breakfast, as lie took a' biscuit and bit it. The colonol looked severely at him. . "Put your biscuit down," he said, quietly but sternly, "and wait outaide now until the ethers aro through. You cama in after grace, and yon have not raid goad morning." Tho hoy's countenance clouded, and ho began to pick nt his knife handle ; the grandmother eaid, gently-- "Ho'llnot do it again, grandpa ; and' ho is hungry, I know. Lot him off this time." Grandpa assumed a vory severe expression as he rqplied, promptly— " Very well, madam ; let him say grace nnd stay under thoso circumstances." Tlie com- pany waited on him ; lie hesitated, Bwelled up as if about to cry, and raid, earnestly: " Gimme Bomcp'n to eat, for tho Lord's sake, amon." Grandmn smiled benignly, hut Sfory nnd grandpa woro convulsed. Then other foot falls wore beard on t)io stairs outside, as if someone wero coming down by placing the same foot in front eaoh timo. Presently in walked a blue-oyod, golden-haired, hare-footed girl of 3, who wont straight to tlio colonel and held np hor arms. Ho lifted hor aud pressed tlio littlo clicek to his. " Ah," lio said, " here comes tlio dnohoss." Ho gnvo her n plate next to his, nnd taking her fork sho ate demurely, from timo to tiino watch ing Morgan. ... ''1'apa ain t up yet, volunteered the boy. " Ho told mamma to throw his clothes in tlio oreok as lie wouldn't liavo any moro use for thom— ain't going to get up any moro," "Mamma, docs your eye hurt you?" said Mary, seeing tho white hand for tho second timo raised to her faoo. "A little. The ramo old pain." "Mamma," ehe explained to Morgan, "hnB lost ono eyo by neuralgia. She still suffers dreadfully at times from tbo sarao trouble." Presently the elder ludy oxcuised herself, the daughter watching her anxiously as she slowly disappeareiL , , (to be continued.) . 