TRAVELLER. "UP THE STELVTO. NeurSponding is not.a town, as its name would seem tq indicate, nor is it even a village ; it- is merely a tavebi which- is run . by a woman, and a very pretty woman, too, whose low, soft voice seems to captivate you the moment y oil hear it, and which enables ber to overcharge you without a single pro test on your part. She has, I understand, been very successful in the hotel business. Tbe tavern is situated at . the cross-roads, and from tbe corner of the hotel begins the long, straight road that leads to the Tyrolese end of the Stelvio Pass, the highest road pass in Europe. ' When I reached Neu-Sponding it was dark, and had been dark for some time. The slow bus set me down there with a great ap petite, and I must admit that tbe hotel pro vided an exceedingly good dinner,- with an excellent half bottle of Tyrolese wine. If you know the right kind of wine to ask for, you get a very excellent drink. There is a factory at Botzen where they make wine out of logwood and something else which is ex ported as Tyrolese wine, but I understand it ;is not so good as that mado from tbe grapes ; which clothe the hillsides of the Tyrol. The ; stuff brewed at the factory is for export only ;and so there is no public opinion about it 'locally, but tbe people of the Tyrol know better than to drink it. "When I awoke in the morning and looked out ot the window I found that I was at the very end of the earth. The mountain rose opposite my window with only the width of :the road, the main road leading to Meran, between the earth and the window. I looked out of the window to see tbe top of the hill, but up, and up, went the earth. Then I raised the window and put my head out, gazing upwards, trying to see the top of. the mountain but I could hot see it. It is one of these places that it takes, two men to see the top of, as the old joke has it. On the other side of the hotel there is. a wide and extensive view ; you can see across the valley for two miles, then comq. tremendous hills, and over the tops of the first mountains can be seen the snowy peaks of the great Ortier Range.. The Old Ortier itself, the Mont Blanc of the Tyrol, is not to be seen from any valley. To get a, view of it, yon must climb for thousands of feet up the pass. It is a beantifol moun tain, shaped something like the bald head of an intellectual man, covered with eternal HUUVY. The morning was lovely, without a cloud in the sky, and I resolved to foot it up the Stelvio Pass, at least far enough to get a - sight of Old Ortier. I took a camera with me, a camera made in Milan, which carries tbe continental size of glass, which differs somewhat from the English and American measurement of plate- It was a new kind of camera, and represented the highest deve lopment of camera -making as understood by the Italians. It would do anything from . a snap-shot to a time exposure. - I had been two months in Switzerland with a brand new knapsack bought in London, and it seemed a pity to carry that knapsaek back to London without ever once having , had it on my back. I felt I could not con scientiously meet the ghost of John Brown, whose knapsack was strapped upon his hack, if . I . did not carry my knapsaok for at least one day's journey ; so I put the camera in the knapsack : along with tobacco and other necessities of life and started .up the Stelvio. The first two miles of the road were level walking ; then I passed through the' very muddy village of Prad. The village of Prad -: is noted for the great rush of water through it, and for the innumerable crucifixes stuck in all possible positions along the streets. I counted seventeen, and I don't know how many more there might have been ; many of them supporting life-sized images so ghastly that a man passes on and tries to forget them as soon "as "he -can. "In no (country of the world are there so many crucifixes as in the Tyrol. At Prad the steep climbing began, and from there on it was steadily upwards by a brawling stream which rushed through the village of Prad, and was conducted here and there through the place to drive water- wheels, and wash shirts in. The scenery is of the wildest possible description, for always the road borders the lashing torrent, which pours down from the mountains with here and there a tiny cascade. I reached Gomagoi, which is 4,265 feet above the sea, about lunch time : and I am pteased to say that I did the road from Neu Spondinig to Gomagoi, about six miles, in six hours. I havo no wish to brag of my mountaineering exploits, but I may say that most people, ladies included, do it in two hours, so I like to break the record. The innkeeper himself admitted that during the twenty three years he had been there nobody had ever taken so long a time as I did. Gomagoi is splendidly situated at the entrance of the Suidenthal ; that, of course, means valley, and the Sulden valley enters the Trafoi valley, up which the Stelvio runs. They have built a new road up the Suidenthal, and hero a new hotel proprietor calls at tbe Chamounix of the Tyrol. Just above tbe place where I had lunch there is built a fort, almost across the pass, with great gates which can be shut at any time and stop traffic. So if at any time Italy atr tempts to attack Austria ovnr the Stelvio Pass she will meet with a hard nut to crack at the old stone fort with its grim rows of camion. It was evening when I reached the village of Trafoi, 5,380 feet above tbe level of the sea. Just before reaching the village a wonderful sight burst upon the traveller. The great Ortier range comes into view, covered with snow. The village itself is situated upon tbe edge of a tremendous precipice, with the roar of the river filling the air. Right iu front are glaciers coming down into the valley, glisten ing cool and green in the evening light. I thought I would take a photograph of the vill age and scenes about it aud so set up my cam era, when I found, as I might have ex pected, that the new-fangled thing wouldn't work. Something had gone wrong with the shutter. It takes an amateur photographer to understand the agony of suoh a discovery. At. Trafoi there was no place where I could examine the oamera ; I needed a dark room. I resolved to spend the night at the Neu Post hotel, hut I . knew from experience that the night itself would not he dark enough, unless there were shutters on the windows," and on investigation I found that there were no shutters. So I had to crawl Prematurely under the blankets _ with the camera beside me, and smoke a cigarette to . give a sort of firefly kind of lightj to try and f.nil out what was the matter with the camera, because with sensitive plates inside one cannot investigate the interior of a camera in daj light. Fortunately, l.here was just room enough iu this restricted position to swear freely. I found I couldn't mend the camera, but fixed the instantaneous shatter open and covered it with tbo cap so that I might take so-called time exposures. 