SOME SNAP IN HIM. The following story of Edwin Booth's experience is good enough to be true. Once during the days of hia early struggles liooth was ** barnstorming ** down in Virginia at a pLice called Lee's Landing. Tlie improvised theatre was a tooacco warehouse, ami it was crowded by pLuitera from (miles around. Booth and his companions had arranged to take the steamboat expected to call lare at night, and between the acts were busy pick* ing up. The play was the 'Merchant nf Tenrec,' and they wtre just going on for the trial scene when they beard a whittle, and the manager uatne running in to say that the tj team boat had arrived and would leave agaiu As that was their ouly change of getting away they were in terrible quandry. The narrative proceeds : ** If we explain matters,' said the manager, 'they will think they are being cheated and we will have a free Dgbt. The only thing L» impromptu ending of the pivce and ring -1qwd the curtain. Go right ahead, lauii^s and gentlemen, and take yoar cue from Ned here,' aud lie hurried away to get the loegage aboard. Ned, of course, was Rassanio, md he resolved to rely on the ignorance of the Virgin i-uis of those days to pull him through all light.^' So where old (;eor«e Rugglea, Mho was doing Shylock began to eharpeu his knife on his boot, Booth ualked btraiuht up to him and solemnly said. ' Yuu are bound to have your pound of flesh, are you ?' 'lam that !** said Rnffgles. tinned Booth. In addition to this (jig l*a^ c Docats I'll throw in two k- gB of niggerhead tirliaettr, a shotgun aiid two of ihe best coon do^sof the Stale.' '* l'ai blamed if I don't do it !' responded Shylook, mueli to the Approbation of the lunhter«*to a mail. 'Ami to show them thtres no ill-feeHng,' pat in Portia. 'We'll uind up uith a Virgtany reel.' 'U'Jiea they got on board the steamboat the captain, who Uad witnessed the conrlusiou of the play, remarked : ' I'J tide to bee the whole of that play some lime, gentlemen. I'm bbuned if I thought th*i fellow SUakesutitire had to much soap in Bass : ' Do you know that Fendtrson is a regular lady-kill«r !' Cass : '1 Mispect as much from what lie said about the woin^n iu the big hat juat. in front of him ut the theatre iheotlieruiKMt.' Blobbs : 4t They say an actor is never ' I uuppusL- because he is usually fu'l of spirits anyiiow.' lilctbbs : ' Y«w, «n-J tiicfl Ik dl.vays likes to see the ghost walk.' A Cooltr.— Old Beau: ' Nearest Ethel, to marry again ; but, if you are not too olJ, you may spcik to her if you like.' Victim (* -tithing in hurbar's chair) : ' What ('oloaml Hurber : ' I -i-ed, sah, d^reisn't tinflin1 .lemaliah wuf -le r;.7..h, but yoh whiskuhs siitny acks tz if .ley'a'bin nicklc-pUttd.' Mrs. Majpin '? ** I cdtne across one of your alii loiters to--tay. Ucorge, where you eaid whli*'' Ukoi iJ'iii' bliss l.v 'ouii-tf.' Mr. JI.i|:uii : ' UYll, my J™r, I -J.l my niali.' Mca. Blinkb'.(liou»clianiini.') : ' I liope lliero ur no anetciiio; |K-ll-|ianila iu llie nrijiir buurliood. A^ciil : ' NoL oiic. niatl^tiif ^ Mrs. ItlinUs : (-itli a sigh of ivli«f) : ' I at« yUd tif that, because we have two, uud I really 