The Lounger In Longreach. MR. Dowlino, who has reoently returned from a trip to the old country with a view to gathering information concerning the frozen meat trade in London, paid a visit to Long reach on Friday, and is still here. His in tentions are to make a thorough inquiry into the tiok plague for the information of the people or New South Wales, and he will probably return here from Winton in time to meet Mr. Gordon and the Chief Inspector of Stock from New South Wales, who are now inspecting the infected districts about Rook hampton. The dip for tioks, which is being prepared near the punt crossing" in the Thompson, will be ready about the first of the month, and the visitors will be able to ascer tain if it is suitable for the proposed experi ments. There is some cause for congratula tion in the fact that although the infected cattle from the Gulf left the germs of disease scattered about this part of the country they have not contaminated the herds. The reason of this is probably to be found in climatic influences, the humid atmosphere of the coast being favorable to the breeding of ticks, while thov cannot stand the drier air of the interior. Their progeny, it is also stated, have not a ghost of a chance of prolonging their existence to maturity in the home of the ubiquitous ant, and people who have often cursed that rude insect and wondered of what possible use he could be in this country, may worship him aB the saviour from a plague, whioh u unchecked, may yet destroy the great meat preserving industry of Queensland. A IIITTLE police court sensation was nipped in the bud last week by the kindness and for bearance of our member. Mr. FitzGterald has recently been considerably annoyed by the abusive remarks directed against h»m by Mrs. Crowe, a widow lady who supports two young children by honest toil at the washtub. The annoyance became so pronounced that our M.L.A. applied to the Police Magistrate for a warrant to arrest the lady, and she was accordingly taken from her home and children by the stalwart arm of the law, and lodged in the lockup for a night. Mrs. Crowe appeared in the dock next day with Mr. Pugh to defend her case, but, as we before stated, Mr. FitzGrerald very generously decided not to proceed with the prosecution, and the woman was discharged. I hope the recording angel will make a note of this, and put it to the credit of our worthy representative. ***** TUB balloting for the grand prizes in H.M. Lottery, Court House, Longreaoh, was suc cessfully negotiated on Tuesday last. The winning marbles were drawn by Dr. Hewer against 21 other applicants, Miss Affoo against 39 others, Mr. A. Johnson against 17 others, Mr. R. J. Halloran against five others and Mr. R. J. Scanlan against five others. The money paid for tickets amounted to £5718 10s. 5d., but after the drawing the unlucky ones had their money returned to them. This, of course, is an improvement on '' Tattersalls," as it only costs twopence for a share in the lottery, a penny for the cheque, and another for the receipt stamp. w . * . * THE Land Board sat nearly all day ou Saturday hearing evidence to aid them in determining the value of oertain improve ments Gn Ruthvnn, upon which the manager and the selectors could not agree. The time wasted in taking written evidence on such paltry matters might have been saved by hearing oral evidence, or employing a short hand reporter. As a matter of fact the Land Board for the last eleven years have been taking evidence concerning- value of wire fences, and may be pretty sure that the Com missioner's valuations are correct to the fraction of a farthing. Amid the dreary wilderness of evidenoe a glimmer of hilarity was observable when in response to a call for " Miohacl Moriarty," a brisk little Irishman stepped into the box and averred that his name was " Bartholomew," and persisted in addressing Mr. Tully as " Sir, your Worship." When Mr. Wilson asked Air. Donald Cameron if 30,000 ewes he sold in the wool were tho pick of the flock, the eyes of the witness twinkled as he replied, " Well they wern't exactly maiden ewes." These were the only approaches to levity which disturbed tho serene solemnity of the Court. # . . * * I WAS not present at tho "postal shivoo" held in the Commercial Hotel, last week, to drink the health of the postmaster, on the eve of his marriage in Rockhampton. Tho occasion was rather premature, the health of bride and groom being usually toasted after the wedding cercmony. Perhaps there is some arrangement in telegraphy by which an event may be published before it actually happens. I know it is sometimes done with the Queen's speech, whioh, if delivered in tho House of Lords on Wednesday, reaches Aus tralia by cable on Tuesday. I am glad tho toast of the "mailmen" waB not forgotten, and when Mr. Hauenschild responded for the ladieB I have no doubt ho rang in the joke about "female women." It is pleasant to hear of the men of letters fraternising with the "advocates of tho law," and if these little gatherings occurred oftener no doubt it would be for the mutual benefit of all parties concerned, not excepting, of course, the pro vider of the feast. * * » * * AT the Small Debts Court, on Thursday last, a rather curious case was heard before the P.M. and Mr. Henderson. Mr. Samuels, of the Imperial Hotel, sued Mr. Emanuel, the well-known dentist, for £2 15s., damages alleged to have been caused by defendant's little child in breaking a portion of a china tea service. The set cost £2 15s., and the plaintiff requested the defendant to give him this sum and take the unbroken portion of the china tea service, or replace the broken articles. The plaintiff did not see the child break tho articles, but Mrs. Samuels, who did not appear, saw the damage done. Under these ciroumstances plaintiff was non-suited. The Magistrates volunteered an opinion that "it was rather hard on any one staying at an hotel and who happened to break anything belonging to a tea service or toilet set, that they should be asked to pay for tho whole set." Of course that is open to argument, and I Bhould like to hear a discussion on the point among the legal quartette who are now practising in Longreacn, Australia will be wall represented on the English turf next season by the advent of Wallace, Newhaven, aud Maluma. THE salvage steamer returned to Sydney from tho wreck of the Catterthun on Friday. She waa unable to obtain the 10,000 sover eigns whioh are in the hold of the vessel. It is expected there will be no difficulty, when the weather moderates, in doing the work. The diver states there was a ghastly sight in tho chart room when he got there, there be ing a skeleton adhering to the oeiling. 