§,ohs of the ^onih. fTlHE Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs.Goe have been spending a ?*- short time at Port Fairy. This watering-place may be said to be the coolest in the colony. Surrounded on three sides by the sea, it rarely happens that there is not some sea breeze. The church is an ornament to the township ; it is built of blue stone, covered with, ivy, ^and is cruciform in character. The interior has been restored, and,, there is a handsome memorial oak pulpit, placed here by the family of the late Archdeacon Jtsraxm. At trie request or uanon Morris, the JDisnop administered the Holy Communion one Sunday morning, arid preached on two Sunday evenings. Griffith's Island, with its lighthouse, the Crags, Koroit, and, above all, Tower Hill, are all places of interest in the neighbourhood. There is a good free library and reading-room. The arrival of the . 'Dawn' or 'Casino,' from Melbourne, is the occasion of a few busy hours at the wharf. Port Fairy is fortunate in having an excellent bathing place, where there are no sharks, and where, at all states of the tide, calm, clear, deep water is protected by natural rocks from the heavy breakers which are met with .on this coast. The beach is sandy and firm, and the visitor may here from time to time meet with a 'fairy penguin,' or a 'painted lady.' The Bishop is now on a visitation tour through Gippslarid, and will riot return to Melbourne before the 20th inst. rpHE dedication of the handsome memorial window erected at ?*- Christ Church, Geelong, in remembrance of the late Miss Fanny Goodman, took place on Sunday, 9th ult., at the forenoon service, which was conducted by the Rev. 'W. Chas. Pritchard. The window in which the memorial is set is that by which the eastern light is admitted into the north transept, and is thus within the view of the 'worshippers in the main body of the . church and of the occupants of the pe ws in the transepts. It is fitting that the memorial to one who was so conspicuous in the service of the Church, of which she had been 22 years organist, should take the form that it has. done. The movement for its erection was quite spontaneous, the funds required for the purpose being subscribed with a readiness which was deeply felt by the relatives. From an aesthetic point of view the church has been greatly enriched by the memorial, which is an exceptionally fine specimen of colonial art, reflecting the highest credit upon the firm of Brooks, Robinson and Co., by whom it was produced. It was designed by Mr. Druminond, artist for the firm named, and is symbolical of; the three Christian virtues, represented by three female figures standing upon tesselated pavement beneath nnnrvniflR nf hfta.nt.ifnl n.nrl intrififl.tft rtasipn. Ohn/ritv. n,s ; £h« greatest of all, occupies the central panel.: Her face is animated by, an expressioioiof the most maternal solicitude, her attention being divided between an infant in her. arms and a gaunt youth, in ah attitude of supplication,, at: her feet. Faith leans with, an aspect of security upon the Cross; and Hope, looking expectantly upwards, has the anchor for support. The allegories are exquisitely worked out, the j central figures being revealed with great distinctness against the ] subdued lights which form the background. The tone of the j memorial is more subdued than that of the other stained-glass j windows in the church, which are a glorious mass of colour, but J its artistic excellence will probably be recognised much more I readily on account of the contrast. A memorial brass beneath the window contains the following inscription:— 'This window I was erected by the parishioners of Christ Church, and other friends of Fanny Goodman, in affectionate remembrance of the Christian graces by which she endeared herself to all, her zeal and devotion in every good work, and her eminent talent as organist - of the church for 22 years. 'She being dead yet J speaketh.'' There was a -crowded congregation, and the sermon j for the occasion was preached by the Rev. W. Chas. Pritchard, who took 'The ideal of angel life' as the subject of his discourse, the text being taken from the Gospel according to St. Matthew xxii. 30. In the course of his remarks the preacher said that there could surely be no better fashion of perpetuating the memory of their loved ones than, by such gifts as that which they had dedicated to God's glory. Their memory became more hallowed by constant association with the sacred subjects and symbols thus represented. They took comfort in the knowledge that God's | House would be more beautiful by reason of such a memorial. | To them it would symbolise the unfailing blessing which God had given to them and to others by the life they held in cherished memory. Faith, Hope, and Charity were pictured by symbolic forms, and the greatest, as was fitting, occupied the central panel, and she was in the act to make proof of the love of which she was the expression. Faith was represented as grasping the sacred sign of redemption, and the artist had made it staff-like i in form, as though to teach that the Cross was both the rod j which pointed the way and the staff which helped them on their journey. Hope, resting upon an anchor, taught them that this grace was the means from which the soul fastened all its longings j and affections in that place 'whither the forerunner is for us entered, even Jesus.' But Hope also held a book, for they knew that it was ' by patience and coniforfc of the Scriptures' that they had hope. The fact that in- this window holy virtues were thus personified and symbolised suggested the remembrance that they were wont to express their ideals of the Heavenly life by angelic forms. And for this, as their text assured them, they had the highest- warrant. Artists had exercised their highest gifts of genius in picturing the glory and beauty and perfection of all graces by the figures of angels. The angel life was their ideal of purity and holiness, and they were surely justified in tracing the approaches to that ideal in the characters of those they loved. Those of his hearers who best knew the faithful servant of God, of whom the' new window reminded them, would readily recall such signs of God's grace in her. As the light shone in more mellowed beauty through the pictured pane, so by her works, her gifts, her influence, a new and holier light shone for many upon their common stir roundings. The inscription underneath the window told of the Christian graces by which she endeared herself to all, of her zeal and devotion in every good work, of the eminent talent with which she exercised her office as organist of the church for 22 years. Surely then it was well written as the conclusion of the inscription, 'She being dead yet speaketh.' They should remember that as they might thus find help and comfort from the cherished memory of one so esteemed amongst them, so they might always grow in grace by following in themselves all that . approached to the ideal of the angel -life in the faithful departed. ; The memory of the just was blessed, because they could in loving remembrance trace the working of God's grace in all that was highest and best in their characters. After death they were more ready to make that merciful allowance which in life, alas ! they too seldom exercised, and so they could see, unbiassed, the fruits of good living, the points of good example, the devotion to duty, and the principles that shaped life to noblest ends. So by their fellows God led them nearer to Himself. His grace to them was magnified when they fondly remembered all that was best and divinest in their life and conversation. They could learn that morning to their practical benefit how they might profit by every good example which God helped them to prepare for the life to come — not simply by admiring and praising, but by following in the power that the' Father would give through His Spirit, following the Saviour along the way of the Cross to the way of light— Per crucem ad lucem. The music was suitable to the occasion, and Sir John Stainer's setting of Cardinal New man's beautiful hymn, 'Lead, kindly light,' was sung with much feeling by the choir, under the direction of Mr. Croft, the last verse being peculiarly appropriate to the occasion. A T the beginning of last year we were able to report a most ?£*- satisfactory increase in the number of boys attending the Melbourne Church of England Grammar School, and it is with very great pleasure that we hear that an equally satisfactory start has been made this year. Many are back again who were expected to be leaving, and nearly forty new names have already been added to the school roll. It is probable that to some extent the excellent results obtained in the last matriculation examina tion have not been lpst sight of, but there can be little doubt that the real secret of this renewed vitality is the confidence which the public in general, and the members of the Church of England in particular, are able to feel in the thoroughness of management in every department. The Head-master wishes particular attention to. be drawn to the liberal provision of1 scholarships, as the system does not appear to be fully under stood, nor its value appreciated. An examination is held every half-year for 5 scholarships, whose values vary from 8 to 32 guineas per annum. It is naturally not intended that these prizes should be given away recklessly ; they must be retained for those who deserve such marks of distinction ; but we fail to see how any more liberal provision could be made as an encouragement to honest study and persevering work. The scholarships are for boys under ,11, 13, and 15 respectively. The annual Confirmation has been fixed for Tuesday, June 2nd, at 7.30 p.m. ? THE Clerical Meeting will be held at the Deanery on the 17th inst., at 8.30 p.m. The subject of the afternoon meeting will be Hebrews iv;; in the evening a paper on 'The Early Irish Church,' by the Eev. C. E. Drought, M.A. In the absence of the Dean, who is about to take a three weeks* holiday in the country, Archdeacon Langley has kindly promised to preside. TI1HE Dean has heard from the Eev. Cyril Bickersteth, one of -*- the missioners expected from England, and he, with his brother missioner the Rev. Walter Frere, proposes to leave for Australia in May, so as to arrive in Melbourne towards the end of June. They will give July and August to work in. Mel bourne. September they have promised to the Diocese of Adelaide. Then October is not yet, as far as we. have heard, appropriated, but probably the Diocese of Sydney may. have work for them in that month. Anyway, they must start for . home early in November, as they are both Bishops' Chaplains, and must return in time for the Advent Ordinations. rjiHE Subscription Lists for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund . J- for the year 1895 are now closed. The amount received from this source during, the past year falls short of what was received in the previous year by about .£350. The archdeacons are busily engaged setting in, motion collecting machinery for the Fund in their respective districts. Archdeacon Langley was to meet the Roaridecanal Chapter of Geelong on Tuesday last, and that of Kyneton on the following Thursday, to explain the future working of the Fund, and to urge the clergy to more active efforts on its behalf. , ON January 23rd, this year, there died, at Bendigo, a worthy and devoted son of the Church, whose early training and surround ings once gave promise oft: high University and ecclesiastical distinction. John Henry Gould was the only son of the Eev. John Gould, M.A., B.L\, and Fellow of Magdalene College, Oxford, who for forty- eight years was Eector of Beaconsfield, Bucks, in the Diocese of Oxford, a living under the patronage of Magdalene College. The subjeetof this notice entered Mertin College, Oxford, in 1849, and although he remained in residence for three years, and as a past-master of his college acquitted himself well, yet, for certain family reasons, he failed to present himself for his degree, and in 1852 came out to Australia instead. Shortly after his arrival in Victoria he received an appointment as cadet in the police force. For a year or more he was stationed at Carlsruhe, near Kyneton, where he had under his charge occasionally as many as forty constables at one tune. Subse quently, resigning his police appointment, he entered into partnership with Mr. Gower (now the Eev. J. W. Gower, of Blakiston, in the Diocese of Adelaide) as pound- keeper at Marong, a very lucrative occupation in the early days of the gold- diggings. During the last quarter of a century Mr. Gould identified him self very closely with Church work at Marong, and afterwards at Long Gully, where both as honorary and as stipendiary reader he officiated for some years. Naturally of a diffident, retiring nature, he always abstained from pushing his own personal interests, and from seeking prominence amongst his fellow- men. His cousin, the Eev. S. Baring-Gould, kept up a more or less frequent correspondence with him, and generally sent him copies of his numerous publications. Never of a robust constitution, Mr. GotUd always sought to live in quiet retirement. His last illness confined him for nearly six months to his bed. The Bishop, during his winter visitation to Bendigo, paid him a kindly visit! which he highly appreciated, and often afterwards spoke of. Mr. Gould has left a widow, two sons, and four daughters, one of whom is with her relatives in England. His remains, were interred in the little cemetery at Marong oh Saturday, January the 24th, the Rev. J. Grarlick, of All Saints', jvho had attended him during his illness, officiating. TI7E connnend. to Melbourne Churchmen. the following prayer ;.'* X onbehalf of our persecuted fellow-Christians under Turkish rule, which is authorised for use in the Diocese of Lichfield:— ' O God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the Saviour of all -them that put their trust in Thee, look down in pity upon Thy faithful servants, our brethren in the Churches of the East. Behold their sufferings for the truth's sake, visit them- in their affliction and have mercy upon them. Thou art a righteous Judge, and the Avenger of such as call upon Thy Name. Hear the prayer of Thy people, O Lord, and save them : deliver them in Thy righteousness, and forsake them not. Destroy the power of the murderer, the ravisher, and the oppressor, and avenge Thy people, 0 God. Let our ?cry come unto Thee, through Jesus Christ Thy Son, Who with Thee and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth ever one God, world without end. Amen. O Merciful God, Who hast made all men and hatest nothing that Thou hast made, have mercy upon the Turk and the infidel. Take from them their ignorance and hardness of heart. Bring them to the knowledge of the truth, that they may be saved according to Thy will. Give peace on earth, and increase goodwill amongst men ; through Him Who is our peace, Thy Son our Saviour Jesus Christ. Amen. . DR. JAMESON'S raid was worse than a crime; it was a blunder. From the small numbers of the Boers, and the increasing strength, wealth, and enterprising spirit of the Uitlanders, it should have been plain that, left to itself, the district was bound in a short time to become entirely British. Only some sharp alarm for their own safety that should rouse the Boers out of 'their apathy, and make them suspicious of English policy, and eager to strengthen themselves with hew alliances, ?could arrest the current that was setting in in favour of British interests and British suzerainty. That alarm Dr. Jameson's actions supplied. If he had wished to play into the hands of those in Africa wno worked ill to English influence, he could have done nothing more calculated to injure the prestige and credit of his ?own nation. Mr. Chamberlain's prompt and resolute repudia-' tion of his action has done much to quiet the uneasy spirit in the Transvaal, and, as fears subside and passions cool, will be found to have done all that could be done to repair the mischief effected by the ill-considered step of the representative of the South African Company; but it will be long before the jealousy and dislike of Britain, which has unfortunately been stirred up, will have passed away from the dull and vindictive mind of the Boer. But if Dr. Jameson's impetuosity was a blunder, what shall we say of the Emperor of Germany's cablegram? Here is a man, whose lightest word may precipitate a European war, , throwing hirnself with headlong folly into a quarrel with which he had no concern, taking an insane pleasure in flouting and provoking a friendly power, seemingly as mad for a fight as any Irishman at Donnybrook Fair. The peace of Europe would- not be worth a day's purchase if other courts acted with no greater wisdom and self-command than has been shown by Berlin. One good has resulted from the schoolboyish bluster of the German monarch, that it has had the effect of bringing about a much more' cordial relation between England and the United States, and a disposition on both sides not only to settle their present differences amicably, hut to make war between -them an impossibility for ever. For so excellent a change, much thanks to Emperor Fritz. . . . THE Rev. Mr. Haweis has undertaken the defence of pew rents, quoting in their favour' the opening verses of 1 Cor.'xvi. The relevancy of the' quotation is not very striking. The only ?excuse that can be made for siich charges is that there are many places in which, in the absence of tithes or sufficient offerings, provision could not be otherwise made for the maintenance of public worship. The pew rent is often, a real necessity, but its very necessity condemns the. congregation that is driven to it of want of liberality and zeal for. their Master's service. MR. A. Y. FRENCH, of the Diocesan Registry, is away on leave, on a flying visit to Japan and China. He is not ?expected back before Easter. 