M u r m u r s a b o u t M u m m e r s . The severance of Arthur Guruer's connection with George A dams'e Palace Theatre in Sydney will, not improbably he followed by auother departure soouer or later, and l»y the forma* tion of a firm consisting of Adam* nnd two other* well-known in the theatrical world. The Sakers have fixed up for u Christmas seasou at the Theatre Royal, Glasgow, W. Cosgrove wonts 100Chinese for his " Serpent's Coil " at Her Majesty's (late Alexandra}. Several Chinese tea- hnwkerb - are already kicking up a shine for more coin from their Little*- Bourke street employers, threatening if it is not forthcoming/ to take Cosgrove's 12s Q week, winch is ataut double wlint they have been making in the tea business, ' The followiug variety artists left by the iMhircIf Ctifflr Ior\ Westralia last Wednesday evening, the l'Jtb, to open with. Wilkinson's and Stevens's Company in Perth on Boring uight,. Tom Queen, Baratti, Martini, C. Carrington, the Howard Sisters, the Cambry Sisters, Baby Glen, Mal>cl Tracy Hamilton aud Frank Rao, who is piloting the show. Fred Garnet left last Saturday night by the Bar coo to join the company. A well-known theatrical manager lost hi a fixture receutly through being short in Lis cash, and he was immediately grasped up by another enterpriser to represent Uirn in " front." The show to which he was attached was a lizzie in one city at least. Edwin Geacb will for the first week look after the front of the bouse for Frank Thornton's liijou season. Geach looks very well after his Mooriland tour with CbarloB Godfrey who, by the way, lias rejoined Htckards. Lawrence and Jones scooped iu a treasury full of dollars every night with their "English Fayrc"in Perth, Business boomed high up. Wilkinson and Stevens intend to make things go with a breeze in Perth, Coolgardie and Freemantle at Xmas and New Year with a variety company. Dan Barry, with his dog Paddy and a good dramatic company, played to good business in Newcastle, where the coal miners rolled np in shoals to see the show. Pat Duggan, the ex-civil servant who would have, had he remained in the Lands Department, been Secretary for Lands, and who some time ago foolishly threw down hiB pen, jumped off his stool and went on the stage in America, is now butting about Oaklands, a small show town outside 'Frisco, with a "resting" ticket in his pocket. Pat has had hard luck in America, having had to play all kinds of characters—Indians one night, aboriginals the next, following on with " Yankee heavies," etc. The credentials which J. C. Williamson and other managers gave Duggan when he was a member of the well- known Roscian Dramatic Co., which used to pay William* son £105 a night for the Melb. Royal, have not enabled him to procure a good fixture. Miss Dora Damele, the pretty juvenile actress, may he fixed with Bland Holt's Christmas attraction, "For England." Dora has been for nomc time " resting " on the weather bow. Reg. Redo will probably join Frank Thornton's Company at the Bijou. Hany Hill aud Brough had a few words the other day con* ••eninig a 42-Bide part which Harry jibbed against, owing to the limited time for study. However, young Hajeroni "took it on," and being an excellent" study,'" got through it success* fully. Hill is a conscientious mummer* •Johnny Uourlay is a member of the "Boston Elks"—a tonevolent, protective aud theatrical society—Lodge No. 10, which i6 the leading institution in Boston. Johnny becomes <)uite enthusiastic when speaking of the Elks. Captain Clark, the manager of Howard Smith's Shipping Company, is one of the most obliging of shipping represents* tives, and treats the various compauies of travelling' mummers with respect and atteution. Thoy all love Clark. The mummers' haunt is the Orient Hotel, corner of liourke* street; the musicians' linnnt is Wallwortb's, the hatters, opposite corner, and the detectives " resting " place is in front of the Theatre Royal. \- Harry Roberts learnt to play the tin whistle of "Trilby" ^burlespue while he was in a hairdresser's shop in Wellington, NX - _ ' '^•Mies Befi^ponsomby bus recently been a martyr to rheumatic fer&u; We' hope she will soon get ou the opposite side of hedth's ledger. ' T. M^SIack^ fihe champion piper and dancer, who has been .-fixedbelaud-Hdlt in •• One of the Best," goes out shortly w'itlibis .gsra company. Touitny/Hjidfjon's Surprise Tarty did good business at the CalcuttaTKeatre Royal. Violet Elliott was.a big success with her " Mighty Deep " song. An Australian troupe, the Pacifio Circus, did a " perish " in Rangoon recently. Some of their uovelties have been taken on by Harmston's Circus, which is in Calcutta now. The firm offered Harry Hill a lengthy engagement to play juvenile leads in the Bellew.Potter Company in the place of Soot Inglis, who has severed bis connection with the .combina* tiou, but Harry, owing to his beiug fixed with the Brough Company, was compelled to decline. Theatregoers will remember Rickey and McCarthy who " twisted " themselves through some redly excellent " bun* ness " while they were taking their dollars from Marie Loftus's treasury eomc years ago. Rickey, during his stay in this town, attempted to commit suicide in the Yarra, but boat*builder Edwards jumped into the stream and saved him. Since then Rickey has passed in his checks, and now McCarthy, his be* loved partner, has once more bobbed up in Sydney. Says the Era :—The newest idea in music Hall enterprise is to have a string of variety theatres in London and many pro* fiucial towns, in Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide in Australia, aud in New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, San Francisco, aud a score of big American towns. The venture would be a colossal one. The late Rickey, Waters and Kelly were the first people who introduced the statue clog dance in this city &t; t-lic old Princess's Theatre when they were members of " The Mammoth Minstrels." Harmston's Circus made things Tory ple&sant; and merry in Rangoon. The show is a Btrong one .and includes 21 female performers. Mr. Hnxmston entered into a life fixture with a very pretty young lady whom he married in Singapore on October 25tb. The cathedral waB crammed to the doors, and not svsn standing-room was obtainable long before the ceremony commenced. Harmston was so delighted tli&t; he champognsd nearly all the Singapore folk. Bob Love, who is piloting the show, speaks glowingly of Java, where the Circus did excellent business. On the 25th September, 18«, Johnny Oourlay registered the title of" Skipped by the Light of the Moon " at the library of Congress, New York. He got the- idea of Skipped •• from G. B.Sims' " A Gay City." He holds the rights of" Skipped " attested to by J. C. Williamson as agent. Oourlay holds receipts for all rights of " Skipped," which was registered at Somerset House, London, and a sum of £27S left Oourlay'b bands to bind the bargain so that all righte, title and interest are vested in Oourlay. The piece under the title of " Skipped by the Light of the Moon " is, w thout Gourlay's permission, being produced by Waltoo in the English provinces, and it is doubtful if Q. B. Sims understands the circumstances. Wallace Sing, H'Kisson and Ke&rns;, Jessie Williams, the Thornton sisters, A. J. Royd, Lilian Stanbridge, Tommy Hudson and Ida Rosslyn keep up the merriment of Hudson's Surprise Party. Pollard's Lilliputian Opera Company caught strongly on at the Opera House, Calcutta, with " The Pirates of Penzance " and "Pinafore." The ghost walked so stably that the mamujer, Mr. C. A. Pollard, was requested to extend the season which, owing to other dateB ahead, he could not do. Bertie Mausergh, the Milne trio, Cecil Owen, Mrs. Conwny, Mr. H. Willanl, Connie Pollard, Ina Pollard, Willio Stewart, Allie Gouldiug, Frank Gonlding and Elsie Norwood were highly praised bv the Calcutta papers. Charlie Hill has been engaged liy the Bellew.Potter Compnny to pourtray character parts during their New Zealand tour. He is a clever comedian with a well-cultivated voice, and during the last three years has been playing in the Maoriland " emails." Miss Daisy Coppin lias been engaged by Frank Thornton as principal datisen« in " Tbe Strauge Adventures of Miss Brown " at the Bijou Theatre. " Tbe Mikado " passed its thousandth performance in London ota October 31, and to celebrate the facta special performancfe'ol' the opera was given that night at, tbe Savoy, Sir Arthur 'Sallivan condnctiug and W. S. Gilbert present. Tbe tlieatre was decorated with chrysauthemums, Japanese draperies, &c.;, and tbe audience were presented witli Gilbert and Sullivtiii birthday books. Tbe Kendals have produced at the Gaiety, Dublin, fur tbe first time 011 any stage, A Flash in the Pan," in four acts, by Allen Upward. John Hare and Co. have begun an Aiuericau tour. "Edmund Kean," a new five-net pluy, adapted from tbe French of Alexandre Dnuias by T. Edgar Peniljerton, author of " Gentle Gertrude," lias been produced after 100 nights in tbe provinces, at the Mctropole Theatre, Londou, by tbe Compton Comedy Co., for Edward ComptoiTs benefit. The production was a success. PianiBt Paderewski has been the victim of an absurd rumour in America to the effect that be had gone mad. Besides play, ing in bib best form in public, Pad-ctc. is going ahead with bis new opera. Jones's Westraliau Burlesque and Variety Company bum dissolved. George Stevens and James Wilkinson intend to make a bi>' splosh in Perth with a Xmas season. Some of the liest variety artists in Victoria have Iteen engaged. Johnny Colemau wears No. 2 iu boots. Has the smallest foot of any adult mnmnier on this globe. Harry Ricknrds will go to England next May for more talent for Australia. Little Alma Gray established herself so tremendous a favourite at tbe Sydney Tivoli that on the night prior to her departure for Melbourne Opera House not only were innumerable bouquets thrown to her, but the stage was almost covered with coin, flung to her from all parts of the bouse. Little Alma may go to Loudon next year. She is one of the cleverest child performers iu the colony. Tbe following eight metropolitan mummers produced " The Silver King" in Walhalla, Gippslaiid, tbe other evening, Messrs. John Hesford, E. Herman, A. McKellur, A. Stephens, U. Wilson, Misses Ethel Hoxborough, Maud Ilcrcslcigh and May Hesford. The company will tour Gippslaud. The presumably philanthropic DramaticCluh, The Dagunets, bllve given boue.mills Footscray a rest, llusiucss*' we n-ent oil'" At-too >t too great a tangent. \- A . .AGes Dora Taylor s agent is very busy fixing up a burlesque aJiSWiriety company for Kalgoorlie, Westralin, where Dora intenctsto make things boom along with it terrific IIUZK with * - ' -- -- , . , , im-gy^^ herjaSvCrly arranged" butterfly dance which • lier^lf.' Her costume is strikingly <lux7.1iiiL-. "^Silluinp extra ladic6 who " went on" iu one of George pantos, at Hulk Royal, -are now making tons of lis liarnnuds in Wcstriiliu. Johnny Gourlay is not -inly an nctor but. a very olever painter Several of his pictures display great artistic effect* The electric light, limelight and gaslight departments were well-represented at a picnic at Lougwood last Sunday. Rob. Newman, the limelight oi>erator, when ascending a tree after a lizard, slipped and fell through the branches on to a bees' nest. The insects enveloped him with stings, aud when he presented himself at the stage-door on tbe Monday morning his most intimate friends hardly knew him liecause the virus 1 from the liees made his face like a piece of battered water melon. He is progressing as well as circumstances will per- A man left his bike in the Opera House eyclery at eight o'clock the other night, and as he was coining out, the attendant asked casually "Going into the theatre, sir?" "Oh, yes f " he said. And he went—into some other theatre. We'll next have someone getting change of half a sovereign at the tdcket-lioi of one house and paying for a 5s. seat at another. Titherudge, as Gregory Goldfinch in "A Pair of Spectacles," made up as Henry Lee's impersonation of Charles Dickens. Rickards's Ciaematograpbe in conjunction with the Newbury- Spada Co. did excellent business in Ballarat, Bendigo and Geelong. They left by the Jfornrwi for Hobart. After a season in that city they open in Zeehan, then return to Hobart, opening on the 20th with " The Messiah." They then disappear to Launceston, owning on lstprox, Muoriland will follow. W. Jenkinson will represent Bickaids right through the tour. "Oh, kissing is a bourne game! Ajid it's cheap! And 'twill keep in any climate! 'Twould be a good kiss that would keep in this climate."—New chum Cliirgwin. T. 