FRECKLES. BY LILIAN CANDLUR. " Mdge, Meg, where are you. I my, Madge!" "What do you want ? " " You, of course; what else do I ever want ! Where are you ? " " Up in the apple tree, of course Where else do I ever get when I don't want to be dio turbed P " " Than come down." ' What for ? Can't I finish my chapter P " "No. come at once; I want to tell you something." "lHere, then, catch the book." And she dropt a copy of much used " Asphodel " out front the gnarled old branches of the lichen-grown apple tree over in the further cnr?.e of the orchard. Iltxingham Hurtloy hsd by thin time .ingled out the favourite resting place of the girl, and now stoeel beneath the tree in readiness to hblp her down or to catch her should she junip. The open book descended flat ot hi upturned farce in her stead : and while he stoope to pick it op and to gather together the loo.ned, uIitter iug pages, M1adge swung hernelf own from her perch. " Well ? " she askeOl him. " What's the matte: ?; . he made reply, star ing at her na he straightened himself. ' That's what I want to know. You said )oit had soomtling to tell me." lIe stulled the book into his pocket, and stepping towards her took her two hands in his. " What's up, Freckles ? You've been cry ing," he said. " Well, I don't need to be told that when I did it myself," and she laughed a little watery laugh through her tears. "What's the matter, dear ? Tell me all about it." And he took Iher two hands in his strong brown left one and placed the'other consolingly round her shoulder. " It's ouly the stupid old book, Rex, and I've read it twice before." " Goes out and drowns herself, doen't she ? I remember. Silly old Feckhls ! But I say, by Jeove, it suits you to cry, old lady ; makes yon look awfully nice." " Don't tease ; what have you got to tell me ? " and she robbed her wet cheek up and down his coat cellar. " Nothing that'll make youl cry, little ore, but ?nnhthing that will make you so happy on my account." " Oh, Rex, what is it? Won another bicycle race and got a jolly prise ? Or a rise in the o1ee ? " " Gue again." lie semned amused at her suggestions, and was interested, too, in watch ing the tears vanish away as she turne. her glowing face to his. " Dear, I can't guess ; tell me." " It' smethibing jolly, and will be a sort of expected surprise to you, if I may use the expreastion." " :ex, you haven't been betting again, and won and bought the chtestnut of tir George's you wanted ? " Ier eyes looked very senous now, and there was a pitiful conscious quiver about the mobile lips. " No, pen honour, I haven't betted since the time I promised you I woulln't." .Che vaid nothing, but with a happy little sigh of contentment she laid her head down on his shoulder again. " Well, I rsee I'll have to tell you," said Ite ingharm a ter a pause. "You remtmber the artist who was struck with your hair list year ? " " Ubm." " Well, it's ometbing to do with him ; can't you gues ? " She knit her brows anl puzz'ed in silence, At last she said: " No. I've no il, a of anything abont hLim that l could cslmr you except through me," *Le added in an undertone. " What did lou say ? " he asked quickly. "I don't know of anythirg that could concern rou with regard to him. Hlave you seen him lately ? " " No ; but I've *en his siter." " Which sister ? Miss Rive or the frisky widow that was here ? " " Both hut I mean Pauline-Miss tive." •' Well ? " " Can't you gues ?" " You don't mean she has asked you to sit for her and means to p-int your portrait ? " " I didn't know rhe could paint piople." " Didn't you ?" The retort soinded as if it half revealed a secet. But Rexingham did not notice it. "Well, I'm en.gsp. to her, that's all.and I'm lust the luckiest fellow in the world ! Isn't it jolly ?" Something startled him, it sounded as though a voice in the far distance and yet anomehere quite near ejculated "Oh God ! Andbut that the epctwasion was so anfminine, and was moreoer uttered rather in the tow of a supplicatiM~ tuan an interectiun, he mnight hare fancied Madge had uttered it. just as she buried her face deep in his coat. " Well." he asked, after a paose, " are't you .oiun to congratulate me P" -ttll she was silent. " Madge, Freckles, my dear, old chum Freckles, haven't you a word of good luck for me ? Why I used to think you were food of me little girlie, and so you are the first person I have told my bitof good news to." Ile put his hand under her chin and turned her face towards him. The tears were all gone now, and so seemed to be Ihe colour from her cheeks and the network of little sunspoLs which, had won her her pet name from him, stool out in hold relief against the unronted paleness of her skin " What's the matter, Madge ? You look as if you were choking. Have you got stifled there on my shoulder, dear ? ' The ghost of a smile flitted across her face and wasu ne in an instant. " I think I must have swallowed a piece of uff off your coat," she said, and it stuck in my threat." " This engagemenet f yours is rather sudden, my bor, isn't it ?" The tone am mtsl -onr-wLat anuxi,'sa. ndt the voice as that of Mrs. Ilurtley, when, about an hour afturwi rdi, her son had sought her out to tell her of his pirce of good luck. " No, mother, not pirticularly. We ,sw a good bit of the Rives last year, and I have olten met threm in London lsioce." \- I had nu ilde you admired that kind of girl." said Mrs. Hlurtley. "Oh, mother, I think bshe' awfully pretty, and, Ibeides, she has such a good flure, and rrally the dearest little foot and ankle of any woman I know." '* Well, I auppose it is emential nowadays for a wile to bare a gootd igure and a pretty ankle," mid his mother, with just a touch of ,somcthitg that was not like her usual kind self in her voice. " Ilave you told Marjery ?" she asked alter a pause. " Of course I told Freckles just as soon as I got in Irom the stntion. They told me she wua in the orchard, and I naturally sought out my old pla)mate at once.' "Anil )what did she say, how did she take it ?" askedt Mda. llurtley anxiously. • Oh0, she didl't ay much, bse was a bit vnlli.t's l at tirtl. and, besides, just as I as trlilt her a fly flew donn her throat or omie thiig, anl. Hlih hIad to swallow that first. After as lit elie askel ier if I were happy in my en -a,:'. l nI, :and hli.n I sid, ' Rather ! ' se told ie thel; o wA.u Ashe. I say.motberI wail you to n.k l'alino dlown here, and all might get up a little piocsic or esinething. Asd-l sholuldl hke it to Le nice you know ; they are very rich ! " a How o yen lkeyr d-'a 1- " It's cleamisg." " but you ae not Iook* ? t it." "Wasnu't . Wear a thick vIl tt if y want people to notire your drem ! " Bhe laughed, she was plemlsei, sad yL es siderioy how ined Paslian Rive must hav h to complimeait and satasy it smead stranig ash ciuld still fel mo deligbtd about them. " What are we gosiy to do when we gt ou of the train ? " e asked presently. " Go straight to the river and meet Meg -?il the provions there, and that lasy Ibrother yours if he resembrs to turn up." " Oh. lies, it will Ie awful if Jack doesn't come ! " " Why ? I aeed't do all the wor. Madge can row." " No, I meant-' two's emfortable, thre's a awrtd, you know." "Ob, Freckle dos't count for an estn eeo; she is a jolly ort of girl that way." "I don't like Mim Arleigh," protested Faline. " But you m t sice she and I as grma e?was, yoee kow." ' Yea, I knew. I wish you were not." " ahe funy sort of a girl. Do yoa kao ha Jaek said o her ?" " Bot Jack's mashed; he'd ay anything What was it ? " $" He said, when be was so mad that time foi her to sit for him. you reinmber -' that gir i the sort they make heroines and murtlerews ot.- He says sd hair and that peculiar, dusk glow of colour which comes and goes nlor he skin, means pastion anl strength of will. Doe she ever get in a l?eion, lies ? " "Never; ise is the sweetca-tetimpred worni I know ; hut I &do;'t suppse Jack m,,ant the sort of passio. Here we are." As they jumped oael of tW Iu ain adgo tL asthe latn r . '"I came to thbo station," she said to nle aftree greeting mlis hive, " in ca'e you needed any help with the basket. Mr. Rivu has not come. Let me have the other side of that, Itex," she said, suiling the action to the word, " I'm so strongi and it Iaessns the weight so much for two to carry it." " I could have helped Rex," protested Pau line. IRe lauglhsd. " You help, indeed ! Why you are only half my size; and, Insides, the strain would pull that rig of yoitrs out of gear!" " Iteides, I am more used to it; am I not Rea ? " answered Madge. turning to him. " We've cartied many a picnic basket down to the river i ttreen us, haven't we ? " " Yes, Madge, you re an out-and-out brick ! And she never sllirks her share," he added with kindly patronage, turning to Pauline. " I suopp'e youi have known Mr. HIurtley a very long timn ? " observed Pauline in a dis tinctly " conversatronal " tone. " Not so very long ; I am only twenty-two," repliel Madge so brightly that to suspect sar casm in the answer seemed treachery. " I was three and MeIk ten months old when nutlher adopted her," explainal Rox. I'u;,ine vouchsafed no reply, but bit her lips adl walked on. 'o her the remark seemed ill bred on Matlge's part. Tlhey wetre smoo comfotably settled in a tiny boat : it ser med as if there would not have been roon for Jack hire hdtl he come. " Is this boat perfectly safe, Rexingham P" asked i',tuline as they started. " Yes, if you sit still and don't wriggle about ; it istn't else." " Then why did you bring me out in it," she exrlaimetd, in horror. " (Oh, Frecklhs and I always use this boat, anud thete is no choice between tias and a much too Ilumbering affair." " Do you often to on the river, Miss Arleigh " asked I'aulile. " A gooa bit ; in the holidays iex and I are out nearly all day ; when I'm alone I generally go to a canoe." " Ah, dear, isn't that dreadfully unsafe P? " " Oh, o ; not if you knrn+ the river. But you really must sit still Miss hive, it ts diffi cult for me to steer, or for ilex to scull if the boat's not trim." " By George ! it's more than difficult it's dangerous when a steamer comes along I " ex claime' Ilex. " O0, I'm so frightened ! Let's land soon, please," entreated P'auline. " Sit quiet for goodness sake,' Linea, and you will be all right. We must get down to Willow Bend before we open the luhtleon baskets ! " Miss Rive's courage rose, ind ther equantmity returned as she found that the boet neither turned upside down nor ran into the bank as they proceeded, and she soon forgot her fears and the creases in her new dress, awl actually began to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend they landed, and the baskets gave up their hidden slore, much, too much of course as u:aul, as is the way of pienic baskets. " I begin to mias Jack when the plates are unwrapped ; don't you ? " remarked I;e, as having supplied the ladies, he began to fill his '" You seem quite as well able to dispose of the things," laughed Madge. " Hasn't that boy an enormous appetite when he's in a good temper, Miss ive ? " " I can't say I've noticed it," replied Pauline in quite an aggrieved tone. " Ob, come now, haven't I been in a good temper ever since you first smiledt on me ? " exclaimed Hex, with his mouth full of pie. They dawdled solong over their luncheon and then went " just a little lower down," before turning back and again putting in at Willow BHed for a cup of tea, sad it was such fun boiling the kettle and washing up the plates, and re-packing the basket, that it was growing dark by the time the little party commenced their return journey by the river Eves Pauline Rive acknowledged that she had enjoyed herself--ex was so joyful and Marjory so quaint and marsy that she forgot that her gown puckered wherever the water splashed on, it, and that the rising mist was bringing her hair out of curl. " I'll scull home," said tt e, " and you steer, Freckles." " It's getting awfully dark," he said pre sently, after working steadily for a quarter of an hour. " Are we near the lock yet P" " Another sisty yards and we'll be inside.". answered Madge. peering into the darknes for boats ahead. In the lock Madge wanted to changt and take the sculls to rest Rex a bit :she thought, too, that he would prefer the seat next Pauline,' but Rex insisted on retaining the oars, he was not tired he said ; and it wanted a man's stroke to get them home before it became quite dark.. When they emergead from the lock they found the river very misty, besides being ever-; shadowed with trees now for the rest of the reach home. " I don't like this; I doe't feel safe," ex-l claimed Pauline. " It's all right if we are careful, and Freckles is a splendid steerer," Rex assured her. Presently Madge said : " Rex, there is some thing in front of us ; it looks as if a great coal Iarge had broken away from the tug and was floating broadside on to us." Pauline screamed. " Gite her plenty of room, then,"ordered Rex, and Madge turneo the boat into the middle of the stream, as the obstacle aeeaed coming down almost along the bank. Suddenly, as they came from the shadow of the great hulk the lights from a steam launch blazed in their eyes. Before they knew what to ,io the frail boat struck forcibly against some thing. " We're lost ! We're lost !" cried Pauline. " Sit still for Gol's a ke, or we shall be," commandied Rex. " Can you both swim ?" " Flip loose your skirts," whispered Madge, ut Pauline flung herself on the side of the loat an a paroxysm of terror, and before they had time to recover her, she had upset them all, into the water. " lielp !" shouted i Re; " we're apaised; atop the screrw." Madige found herself clinging to the side of tile boat, which had not turoned over, but had righted itself more than half ftll of water. She cught at the wist of l'aullne and plared her handl on the boat too. " Ioltl on," she triel, " we are all right :" but evrn as she spoke she felt the boat sinking steadily beneath her weight :it was evidently leaking. Soon she heard Rex rlose to her. " Are you both together 5" " We are both her," answesed Madga. " l'auline is so qluiet I fear she fainted or r ceivest a blow." "We mwt struggle on t thes barge; the sleamer does not rerm to have heard us, and has gone on." " Save Pauline." cried Preckles, as the boat sunk out of her grap with a swish and a whirl of black water. Rex seemed undecided. In that snpeeme moment the faithful affrction of a lifetime seemed to outweigh the pa'ston of yesterdlay. "Save her," repeated Madge : I can swim !'" Itea struggled to the aidv of the baige, but it was too high out of the water to allow of any lan.ding, burleted as he was, too, with tke inanimate weight of the fainting Pauhlae. lIe was a stro.g swimmer. and so by skirting the barge mantaged at last to gain the bank. ThI.er he dtepooied his future wife. " Freckles," he shouter. " make for the bank. It's not so very far.; go down stream a little and then came pa-t the barge. Mladlge! Madlge ! I will kep on ahouting that you may konew which way to turn. Or Lshoot, dear, ad I will eeme out to yen !" -, Fredrba I" ie in wimly. '",ade I dgI" MItl a was r, betinhisearsaran ttm of t gas lling watea. " eaye I; can stm!" AnS with that geparewa lie o he dyia?g lips Marjory's loving ul had be ed out to oteenty. 