I TREASURE REACH. I By R. ROBERTSON, F.S.A. SCOT. I I. — A Steak gb Vocation. A tec; winiera ago we spent several I weeks la a very pleasant yachting cruise I among the West Indian Islands. When I coasting along the soatbern ebore of K San Domingo, a conlinuance of bad I weather caused us to . seek shelter in a I little land-locked bay. . The attempt I was somewhat difficult, the entrance I bring rather narrow, and flanked on I either side by high c'ifia. Once in, I however, the anchorage «aa perfect;; I sheltered from every wind and with I depth of water rnfficicnt for ehips of I any size. This bay' is eenti-circnlar in I shape, and a tiny stream, which has its I source in the swamps a few miles inlaod,' falls into the western corner. I Along the banks of this stream are | scattered from two tothree dozen squalid I negro cabins, each with its own slovenly | cultivated patch of garden ground I adjoining. A few roughly constructed I flat-bottomed boats are drawn np on the I beach. These the owners nee for - fishing I in the bay, which swarms with various | sorts of edible fish. The latter are split I up and dried in the son, aud constitute, along with the few frnits and vegetables | raised, the sole means of subsistence of I this little settlement. I The surrounding country is of the | wildest description. Forest and jangle | intermixed with noisome swamps extend I for many miles around. There are no I other settlements at all near, and at I first it seems strange that this out of- the- . I way and almost inaccessible spot shonld | have been chosen for a place of per- I manent residence. The explanation, however, is by no I means an exceptional one. Tho reason I or object which has led .to this self-. I imposed banishment is the same which I impels men of all nations to endore I isolation and hardship— the desire for wealth ; easily and rapidly acqnired I ricbee. The conception of what cou- 1 etitutes a fortune varies, of coarse, E according to the wants and tastes, nf different people, and to many the total amount of wealth ever acquired, or likely to be acquired at this remote spot, would appear comparatively in significant. But to the ideas of this ! little band of negroes and half-breeds, | with their few and simple wants, the I locky ' finds 1 here met with are more | than sufficient. Every one of them I lives in hope of some day becoming the ; happy owner of a snm large enough to i enable him to return to his native town i or village, and pass the remainder of bis I days in what to his mind constitutes the i height of blies — utter idleness !. . The beach is composed of sand mixed | with email pebbles and shells of various ; kinds. A considerable stretch is laid ; bare at low water, except at the eastern side, where the cliffs rise abruptly and almost . perpendicularly from the sea. At exceptionally low tides, however, a narrow strip of sand along the base of the cliffs is left bare for a few boars at a time. Usually the settlers pass their time idly lounging about the doors of , I their hots, sometimes doiog a little I gardening, or Gsbiog in the bay. Wben I these low tides occur all is changed. Every man, woman, and child able to I render the slightest assistance at the I work then hasten to this small stretch . I of saud, and the great business of their j I lives is barriedly proceeded with. Some | I handle spades and shovels of iron or i wood, others manipulate rudely made i riddles j all are engaged in the work of , I sifting the saod and shingle into sacks I and baskets. The sand is thrown .away, : and all that will not pass through the i j meshes of the riddles is carried away to | I he carefully examined at the possessor's I leisure. It is amongst this mixture of | ehells and shingle the ' treasure-hunters I look for the realization of their dreams I of wealth. This curious occupation has been I ononffofl In for mnnv veara. When and I by whom the work was first begun; no ; I one can tell. But so it is, and year I after year the labour goes on,- though I the ' bonanza finds ' are every year: . I becoming fewer iu number and smaller I in value. .. .1 I This is not to be wondered at, seeing j I that the treasure is by no means inex- ' I bsnstible, and owes its existence to the | hand of man and not of Nature. The I gold and silver are mostly ready coined, I and the precious stones set iu ornaments of various descriptions. 'Doubloon", I raoidores, pieces-of- eight, and dollars are I the coins usually met with, but, if tales I are true, the Barly explorersof the hoard were rewarded by obtaining valuable' pieces of plate, bars of silver, and even iugnts of gold. The local designation of the settle- merit may be given in English as I ' Treasnre Beach,' and by what strange. I sod fateful means this - miscellaneous I collection of valuables came to be deposited at this lonely spot we wiH- new proceed to relate. I II. — Captain Flood and His I Partner. I Most people, we presume, have heard I of that remarkable association, tbe I Buccaneers, for many yeara tbh implac- I able enemy of Spain, and which pame I nigh to inflicting total ruin ®n the I Spanish colonise in tho New Korld. I This maritime common wealth.insjjiuted I originally for pnrposoB of mutual defence I against t he encroachments of Iheppanish nuiuuniies on tneir icaae houiiuui I ultimately grew to auch . ImmenBe ' I dimensions as to' become 'a- jibber Jijrf I considerable importance. ' Seyerajotjbe I European nations who. tLelyBJia I claims of the Court of Madrid I supremacy in the New IforlS wfteglad I to ally themselves with jthis confederacy I of freebooters, toe. niprt daring,jfind. I lawless epirite of Eorope fiodred to join' I its raoka ;' one; : great indodeiheiifihripg I the free and exdting .:1ife;;;i»f qlhA.hp®:: I caneer, with ; its . opportonltiis ;-;flf I amassing richea and I the same' time. " I Through conrep oftiae,hqwerw,;tiie I of existence, " I galleoua grew more I plunder, and . the;1tauMme«B:lBd ' aiiit I Bcrnple to. torn Uimr'ttgntipnjythe I bWP8 ot I nations, " . « .-w-"vsa: I After thefzeiilritril I the eightefentt"«iafW?II?aS6l I wdae.u||ias&y;|w I not to be expected en4hA; co&M; of desperadoes wonld at once ji disperse and betake themselves tn of peace and usefulness. - Many Dt declared their independence- nfi contempt for, European trestle: | continued to scour, the waters : I Spanish Main, plpndering indiec J ately all they could attacV With r able hopes of success I. In tact, they became common pt and for many years tjie ocean vi j fee ted by a mnrderpuBset of econn to whom robbery .was; a pleasure bloodshed a patiine. 'V Though retaining in some ca-es the undan bravery of the original buccaneers 1 bad, nothing of their wild chivalry to atone for the violent and nee excesses with which their names invariably associated and theircbara indelibly stained..,' Amongst the numerous pirate cH whose names have been handed ' dt to ns, one of the m.ost nptorioiis waj certain Englishman of 'the namd Flood. Along with a few other, law spirits, Flojd seised ;a 'email scboo lying in the harbbnr of Kingston, Jamaica, and put . out to sea. A cruising about for some .months _dur which time his ' company was l craited by the addition of nnmera characters as reckless as himse Flood found himself, at the head of sufficient force to attempt more impo ant enterprise?. Hitherto be had be content with plundering the small vessels be met with, but the number i his crew bow warranted him in attackir the larger and more valuable shin For this purpose, however, he require another fast-sailing crafr,' 'his nai schooner — the Mosquito — being incol vecienlly over-crowded aud' nluui destitute of heavy guns. He was no long in coming across tho article be wa in quest of. | The governor of one of the FrentS West Indian Islands had. lately arrive! in a smart new brigantine ; a clever sea boat, thoroughly;' equipped with a| necessary stores, pod carrying severa long-range carronadee. ' She was, ii truth, specially intended for the purpos of looking after such gentry as Captaii Flood, who were getting rather numerou and audacious in their villaiuoua worl among the islands. Hearing this vesse was in port, Flood conceived the boh project of cutting; hgr "put "from trade: the gnus of the fort,' His men beioi quite agreeable to risk their lives in thi enterprise, no time was lost in attempt ing its execution. Being in harbour and - protected by the fort, Flood conjectured few men would remain on boardaud an indifferent watch wonld be kept in the brigantine.' Accordingly, one evening the Mosqnito was csntionsly steered inshore, and just bnt of sight of the ' defeping twilight. When the ecbonner arrived off the' entrance to the barbonr, it was quite dark, and about , midnight two boats were launched over the ship's side. ; , Some thirty of the most daring of the pirates got .aboard, and with muffled oars rowed off in the darkness on their desperate mission. The expedition was under the command of the lieutenant, 'a Jersey., man of -the name of -Caesar, Flood himself remaining on board the schooner to await result?. ' In a short time the boats reached the brigantine, found, as they articipated. a careless look-out kept, and before the | drowsy sentry had time to fire his I musket or give an alarm, the prates had i swarmed on bnnrd And diratmed. and gagged him. The hatches wen at once fastened down over the sleepng men below and the brigaDtine captufid. The cable was slipped, the forekail silently hoisted, and by aid of a strong | ebb-tide and a favonrable breew, the prize was speedily outside the pot aud not a soul on shore a bit the wiset It tnrned out a much simpler (.flair than thepiratesbad any hope to exject, and they had abundant reason to'mn- gratulate themselves on their bloodess victory. . Flood now found himselfin possession of a vessel in every resp&t; suited to the requirements nf h, - nefarious profession. Several of tb . captured Frenchmen were not aversa tc . joining the racks of the pirates, and the j others were bundled into the smallest boat and permitted to make tbeir way back to port as beet tbey could. The brigantino was re-named the Shark and Flood assumed command, Qmar being put in charge of the Mosqnito ; the men being apportioned between the two ships. The details of the adventarcsof Flood and his partner for the next two years we will pass over. Daring that period | tbc two vessels remained ; in close com-. I pany, carrying on with impunity their j career of robbery and bloodshed. Many j a. rich laden merchantman had fallen 1 1 prey to their combined attack, and both were filled with valuable, if unlawful, spoil. The cruisers of several nations' were on the outlook for them, but, thanks to their fast-sailing. .qualities, the piratical craft h>d always . managed to elode their pursuers. When notati sea, the little : bay we have described op the southern coast of San Domingo was favourite vend, avons of Flood aud hie comrades. 'Hereihey were in thebafulbf f reqajently repairing fOr.Trest and the refitting pf their vessels.: One important "change, boweyer. jhJSl taken place' in the jriatipns of Csptp Flood and his lieutenant .Te latter, in the desperate enterprises they. En gaged in, had shown an amoupt of reck- lees daring and-""ndaaty T:whith_ had MaJn him lntMldpIv - DODdIsT With the crews ot both fhi p®: Infield, Ab rhad become a;mnch Anorwpular yiood himself. - — - JBightiy acquired the oofioD Ihit 'the latter had a wholeBome regard . . for "bis ewn add altbopgh JjjSSl Aft open' cowardice, still be otn ; iiot .die- artlay the daeh thiydordced; fortinitheir in action. J?directcontra8t_l<|yW?piij ity,,'S«d the foVmer'e .position ,:grow| tiie|iputeniMto«>mhwt|BWfflfiH Tin finperd'pgly ehciajro plqrod SHAnk»|x Up to, -this jtirae the operations of Flood and his partner had been confined o the West Indies, bat now, rmboldened by sdccess and perhaps throrigh a more igilait search being mads for tbem bey deteruiioed to extend the sphere f tbeir depredatione. It was agreed bey abonld leave their customary crnis- ib eronnd for a time and run . acrOBs le Atlantic - to the neighboe'rhood of le Canaries. Here they expected to be able to onder some. of the large ships trading .th the East Indies. These ships ere much larger and also better manned Id armpd than any .they had hitherto b lured to attach. At the same time, (here was increased risk there was io the certainty of richer spoils. The U sail -sighted proved to be a Dutch que from the Cape, which, snrrender- quietly, was allowed to proceed; after ig overhauled and all valuables led off l few days afterwards another ship s in sight As soon as they came )in range the pirates unfurled tbeir flatMonrl nhonad fire Tho ofrAniTPr ediately displayed English colours sailed steadily bn. She was' a large lndiamao, folly manned,, and ed several heavy guqs. As quickly ir guns could be brought to bear returned the pirate's fire, and was mtly prepared t> make a tight of The pirate crafl.aailibg xnoch faster bore easily handled, dodged ronnd , ponring in their shot and waiting inrable opportunity of boarding, lis purpose the Shark forged ahead, then, patting ber helm down, peed to lay herself alongside the antman. ' Mosqnito meantime peppered at hercteru, rpady to., come along- nd join in the a' tack simnl- isly with her consort. Their little however, did uot come off as sated. Perceving .the object ot lark's manoenvring, the Iudiaman jly altered her ooorae a fewpoints, hringibg her "starboard gnns to' discharged a ra'tling broadside |to the pirate. A well- directed ?it the Shark's foremast and it fy the board. Deprived of ber I ila and hampered by the wreck Foremast, she refused to answer |n, and lay a helpless log. As she 1 the merchantman raked her fore | sweepiug ber decks and doing damage to the bull. apd rigging " ith a hearty cheer she lumbered her conrse. lea vine the discom- rates to vent their wrath and ntinent in impotent threats and The Mo.quito, too weak to the fight alonp, gave up the d remained with her disabled rs were now in a somewhat »>8ition. Oo examination the as fonnd to have been badly er the water-line and leaking By constant pnmpiog sbe ive been kept afloat, bnt that ork waa not congenial to the Fighting they never complained g too mnch of, bat hard work ing they hai no Btomacb for. there was no friendly port at here they coold re-fit, and to to re-cross the Atlantic with gone and "a leaky ship was not bnght'nf.' " . a hasty consolation between jcaptaiug, immediate steps were transfer the more valuable f the Shark's lading on board nito. Everyone was now iotent : ; his own belongings,' and, con- -, the pomps were abandoned, me the most precious part of > had been transhipped, the made great progress, and it ;nt the brigantine .would not b longer. t Flood was now cn board the , and the boats were, bnsy ! brigaotine's crew on board ; i time cpnld be lost, ae sbe was wiiug quwn. iu« meu were round . the bulwarks im- waitiog their torn to be taken )Ut half the crew had been d, and the rest were crowding |>oats alongside, when suddenly Consternation, the- Mosquito's e hoisted on board, bar sails it, and the vessel steered to Brate yell of execration arose birates' 'throats. Could it be bey were abandoned f Left to p rats in a trap f The shriek of fen ace .and wild, despair .was bud the fast receding schooner, lied unheeded. It was nnw a bee qui pent. A wild rush 1 for the boats. ;.It was'im- conld get in with safetynd B straggle bigan for placM. It in tried to cut the boats e they got overcrowded. The be to get in at all hazards, fc knives were drawn and Gin the'melee, and Uie inevi- loccoiTed. ' The boats were 1 id the' fighting firs tea left 1 f'the waves. - ; Ithe coufiicfc did not cease. 1 lutd'swim were seized hold 0 ho : conld not, and many -s ®\old.<if their knives'striick $ yitiieir imrades. Home f fefimfaing on> board the hlPily-to delay their fate a | 'tloM-drifted ,-.to leeward 1 tlj.-'A'CJ";,, |j..nVrely .the Shark eettled i everaaj,e pirateg hastened to 1 few til. M a sadden lurch l5MS&JW;, «ver— the water ? annasoijgj TO high iir f-DS Vdespairi shriek of sea, and-stern m wefckiaftk rB ;the Mosqqitp - «r -Wd 5nto4>-ih theiittib I fa.jpititjes, I across the «tie had "hebn a ialinMwt!- IISSSMKSni' .ttcsv i iOBH i ;4 ; \%u. pll|insibpsigh" they were — at iret eeruied' loclinlEd—to reeeottheabandofeinthftlieircomrades. Bnt when tbeir captki,' reasons for so acting were ..explained : them, tbey acqniesced. Probably tbeHt of their falling heirs to their nnlacky st£,.;mates' valuables went a long way to easebeir conscieoceB and qnieten tbeir resentmet of tbe treacherous' dehd. - - ' IV. — More Treachery. The two captains being once more in tbc same vessel it was mutually agreed that, until another suitable- ebip was come across, tbey should resume tbeir old relations, (keaar . accordingly re sumed his position of lieutenant, with one reservation. This was; that ' be shonld continue to share equally .with Flood in all plunder. The amount of j treasure accumulated by the pair was now considerable. Always dreading treachery, not only from their men, but also from each other, it was deemed desirable some more secure place tban tbe ship should be found for their illgottcn gains. A hiding-place on shore was, therefore, sought out, and a favourable opportunity awaited for the removal on shore of the most valuable and portable portion of tbeir hoards. One moonlight night, when tbe crew were all below, bnsily occupied in their customary work of gaming and drinking, the scheme was-carried oat. As asnal when at anchor, no watch was. kept, and Flood had taken the precaution of; serving nut an . extra quantity of rant that nigbt. About midnight all the crew were either dead drank or so far gone as to be totally incapacitated from pay. active; interference with the pp ject. Caesar crept forward and viewed the scene below, through tbe open hatchway, with satisfaction All of the men were fast asleep, except a half-dozen or so, who stillsat ronnd tbetable in a mandlin condition with half-closed eyes. There was no fear of any interruption from tbem, and he at 'once returned aft and joined Flood in the csbin. Well, qneried the latter, « is all safe f 'Perfcctty,' answered Caesar; 'the brutes are nearly all dead dronk, and not one of them conld crawl on deck to save his life.' 'Then, the sooner we get our little job done, the better,' said Flood, rising. r Yo'a go on deck and gt'the skiff along: side ; I'll see abont getting the " swag " np.' Tbe powder magazine' opened off the cabin, and Flood unlocked the door and went in with si' lantern in his hand. Flasks and kegs of gunpowder were ranged aroand. Picking his way through these, he opened a trap-door in the floor at tbe for end and disclosed a low chamber underneath. Gtesar meantime went on deck, and after drawing tbe small boat up close under the stero, be rejoined Flood below. A couple of strong wooden chests, clamped with iron at the comers, lay in tbe apartment beneath tbe magazine. ' One of these was qoickly hauled "op ahd carried on deck. With es little noise as possible it was then lowered on board tbe skiff, and tbe two men took their places beside it Tbe painter-was then unloosed, and Cms&r-; taking the sculls pulled rapidly-. for the, shore. - . Here the box was pot ashore and the boat hanled np a few yards on tbe Band. The spot selected for the reception of tbe treasure was at the .cliffs on the- east side of the bay. Taking the chest between them, tbe two pirates made for this sput without delay. There was no path, and the groand was- rough in some places overgrown with scrub, but in a short time tbe enmmit of tite rock was reached. As tire., have already . described, the cliff at this point rises abruptly from the sea. Abont thirtv feet from" the top a ledge of rock tutu along the face, no which a- few hashes find a precarious - root.hold and ; existence. When the pirates had recovered their wind they carried the chest to the edge of the precipice and then, fastening s rope to it,- carefully lowered 'it - till it rested on this ledge. The other end: of the rope was' then hitched to a tree- which grew near, and both men slid., down to where the box has - " " , Tbe rope was then anfafetenedand the box dragged to a part pf the jedge where ihe bnebes grew tbickly. Farting these aside, -somall opening' was discovered in, the face of the rock. Into this tbe chest' was thrust, :aud although -the < opening was only a few, feet in depth, there/was ample room. ' :.;7- -;- A fewpiecee of rbek were Tpiled in front, . and when . the hashes . sprang heck . into their 'natural position, tbeV hiding- place wa8Cdmpletelyy«Icd.,:Thre:w0S, nowayDfrEacbingAbB the means described,, and nothing", was there. to show that bnman, , brings, had. ever been near tbe plece. . -. - . Their work completed, '.he two men prepared to; re-ascend. ' Floodwas it'efy and bad ;hold of the irojw tbdraw , hi'm- eelf pT- . 'SnddeUly h turned to Cffi3ar, wtiq, stood closebehind hiro, .and -fex- claimed:— f '.Halloa! . what's' up with the schooner 1 Look at ber— quick V . CtBSai-rntd to lfoik at the MoVquitoj Which. waB peacsfnlly . resting, on the /noonlit watere of the bay J 'Ashe did ' bo, -Flood, quick as lightning, swung : liiinselfinD TtiiQ. jtodb ; then, with one foot stayed against the cliff, -he threw oat the other, caught;X5tetar.'si«irly; betwefentbeehqulderi andnrfodhi" ItlwaaJhe wotk of ; a ptomatSrPt wbctbertbe .cerolt fof oa r, prebopcei Ved : irtcidos' 8 mardeiSbSdicau'' merer ha Jcnpwii. . jPpfPSU|Wl.;he, heridtiiesplariintiaiiaijyimfliniitiiie. -water below, and titmi hnrifiy -as-; -thne-vThie imttom-of Jbnpr«apiBejVw ziuJftnZAAtbohi8hand he -wisDtron deck. Llstehiiig at the fore- batch he foondsll quiet, and going to the side he pitched the cap overboard. He saw-it sloyly djlft aatern, and then, rnnning forward he shouted down the hatchway to the sleeping crew : — ' Man overborrd ! W»ke np there, you dronken s wabs,- and lend a-hand here ? Three or fdni- 'nf the men had re- coved sufficiently from the effects of .their wt|je to respond to . his call, and staggered v pn deck- in; a half-dazed oondition. " ' Look sharp", 'sE|npd cried ; ' Cteaar's got drunk and foil en,, overboard 1 Haul up the boat and get.iitjome of you.' Three Bailors jomped Ikjto the Bkiff and pnahed pff, F1bod standing on the taffrail to direct tbeir moyemente. . 'There he is,' he called to tb«m, pointing 'astern; 'there be is, just sinking for the third time! Pall, yon brutes, or you'll lose him !' The men rowed as best they conld in tbeir etill muddled state in tbe direction indicated, bnt, of courss, saw no sign of tbeir lientcnant. The cap was picked np and indentified as Cassai'a, and it wcb thereupon concluded that that worthy bad gone to the bottom. Thus did Flood satisfactorily account to tbe crew for bis lieutenant's disappearance. Next forenoon the Mosqnito was gone, and the little bBy once more deserted. V. — Flood Trapped — " Gmsar's Ghost."' Two months have sped past and we again find the pirate schooner snngly moored Id iter favourite place of retreat. Dodug- Ibis period she bad been cruising about the islands with indifferent saccees. Some email coasting craft bad been orertiatjled and a plentiful eappiy of rum and other liquors procured, but no large or valuable prise bad been come across. Plunder having become scarce, the pirates gave vent to deep growls of di8Contenr. Tbey attributed tbe failure of tbe cruise to Flood's lack of enterprise, and tbe vrantrof Gse&aiV; guiding hand and counsel. The captain's position was getting most precariooB and uncertain. He managed to keep 'the men quiet by liberal allowances of ram, but there was no knowing when they-inight break out in open motiny. Discipline was a thing of the past, orders openly disregarded, and even at sea a haphazard state i>f affairs bad latterly prevailed. Pirattis are not different from others ; fo long as tbey obeyed orders and had an efficient commander in whom they . thoroughly believed, things rubbed along pretty smoothly. This check onoe removed, however, and license became rampart, makiog it ouly a quesLion of time for tbe inevitable collapse and reckoning. Flood determined tbis should be bis last visit to tbe bay in tbe Mosquito. His energies were now centered oo seenriog his ill-gottpn wealth, and then lerving his ship and its crew to their fate. His own Ehare of the plunder was safely ashore, bnt Caesar's — the most valuable portion of which he had on- ceremonionely appropriated— was \stil! aboard the schooner. It was now; his care to have it also securely ensobneed the recess of the cliff. That once accomplished, it was his intention to again jjut to sa, and .either run tbe Mosquito ashore near . a settlement, or seize some other favourable .chance of quitting bis nefarious occupation. The third night after tbe Mo.-qnito's return Flood proceeded to get the treasnre ashore. Once more after dark- mess had set in be rowed ashore in the little skiff. This time he had to content himself with taking the most valnable coins and jewels; the bo'x " beiog too weighty for 'one" person to carry any distance alone. A small bag was all he conld take with safety; and with this he I quickly scaled the bright and lowered himself on to the shelf, of r«ck. Here ! he fonnd the chest and its contents un- . tooched, and hastily adding .his precious fanrden to the heap, he'again retired. A few steps brought bint to ihe spot at which he-had left the rope dangling from tho summit. He atouce prepared to ascend, bnt to his consternation, Ae rope had disappeared I . Casting a hurried glapce op .the ri<ff be saw a men leaning bver tbe edge, pulling it op hand over hatid. A load imprecation escaped i Flood's lips, a' laogh of .triumph and 'deri-ion came iu reply, tite few remain- j ing foet of rope weredrawo up, and tbe | matt vanished. . i " Flood at once concluded ho had been followed from the ship: by' one of his crew. ' He was in a terrible -fix. From ' his men he knew, he would: receive no mercy. Both bis treasore ard bis life wonld be.eacrificed to their, feelings of greed and revenge.. Again, the horriMe I bought slreck hiai 'that it might be ( lie dnieotido of his follower to say uothiog ; to the rest of. .the. prow, biit simply Jeave iiim' to die a lingering death on the ledge.. Either aiterbativp was jdreadfnl to.cjntemplato, and.- throwing himself down jon ihe widest part of the ahelf xif Jock. he cursed his folly for uot staking.- better precautions., to prevent his movemente-bciug known. Hero wo leave him, meantime, and .return oo hoard the Mbsqait", .where aob'her strange 'eceuaf fens being enac ted. ::i When Flood left the schooner he hblieved tite men were all asleep or in snch an intoxicated condition ns to be Incapable of leaving the fore-cabin. On -this' parlfcula.; 'night, however, when midnight arrived, instead of being all drank as (usual, some.- twenty of'the .pirates fpond tbemsriyes atill compara- fi vriy-SQber. and the liquor all gone. ldajWaa% e);Ble of0hifa they were not tqm j jtp, -SO d . or.co arose reptriD, they believed, .wonld > Wt;nifrcd Wteal by battime.-bntneverheless they resolved jioqWm£(;tejiiquor wag MBxApeAfitfA wro'jitov'.'wonld have.-.- " oka raanib a-Adktiiree el the crew Vere selrijted to pfoeeed. "to . the cabin pdjc'hiOTe ;nich;and bran d y. The rqaebwmeXfAylfee.boatswaia, «betlyiri aiij.Harley, ihe carpen- lan ScotritlfiaU i; and Schneider, aft Mskhu cabiU4tai<«.nriHatB hheydaere jfotjrifeid — tfigF<jBlbnroing, found.. In their muddled statc, it toqk them some time. ;tocBalize ihe truth ; bnt; when they did ;ao ..they at once raised tbe alarm." Alijhe othefpirates who retained r their Senses and tbe, nee of' their-legs immediately . flocked to the after-ctbin. At firet it was co: jectured Flood moat have fallen overboard and met the' same fote as Csetar. Soon, however,tbe; boat was inissed, and a cry arose that; they bad been abandoned.; Everyone' now rnshed inl.6 F'0od,s cabin.' Chests, and lockers were broken open and .ran sacked. ... A plentiful BUpply of strong drink was obtained,' and' the pirates, to' the nnmber of some twenty or thirty, made. free with. all. they fancied. Simp- gathered reitod this" .table beneath the- lantern, some sprawled on the "lockers, otherepnthe.floor. . Schneider, the. Dutchman, being' the apberest man in the company, acted, ab ' maater, of the ceremonies.' He sat ' at the end of the table facing the cabin- , door. . . Before him was a water-bucket, into which a dozen or two bottles of rum and brandy had "been indiscriminately emptied. This mixture "he . meaiared ontfredyjn glaeses,bowls,Bnd pannikins to'all' who applied for it". Needless to. say, 'he was. - kept . well employed.atid morp tb an dpcc .more bottles were added to the contents.. it. ' One by one tite pirates dropped- .on > tbe floor 'df ad drnnk. Some, half drank, fought, sod cursed. Euivrs were drawn - and . pistols .fired amidst blasphemous sbouts and yells of fiendish laughw. Soon only abont balf-adozeu of (the wretches retained sufficient sense to "be able to sit ronnd the. table. Schneider roared aud yellcd iikewvery demon, and was ably seconded in bis efforts by Harley, Davis, and ope or two others. Some, io a mandlin condition,' sbonted snatches of. buccaneering ditties bf the grossest description. - Fill up again, boys," cried Schneider, struggling to his feet, ' fill up, to de- brim. IviU'give yon a toast, end I vilt" shoot de man who does out .drink it !' So raying, he > polled Cat a 'pistol "end' laid it' oia "the table in front of him. - The pirates ronnd the table at once eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. This, exeeption was Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head ,on the tyble fiu-t asleep, ' Gome, wake up, Pedro !' roared the: Dutchman. Wake np ! Np sknlking here, I tell you!' and he seized .the negro by .his shock of woolly bair aud raised hit head. Tbe black's eyes tnrned - up with a ' ghastly" glare, but on ocuaeiuer relaxing nis grip nts neau at once sank down again. - ' Vat 1' screamed the Dutchman, yon vill not tabe your liquor, you black tevil f By gar, bat I will. make you take, it ! If yon vill not take it inside, den yon shall have it out P With these words the drunken villain plunged his pannikin into the bucket nf liqoor, filled it to the brim, aud emptied the contents over the negro's head. The liquor eatiirated bis curly hair, and ran in streams down his neck and face. The, Dutchman's . joke was . received ' with shrieks Dflanghter and '..wild applause! Pedro! howeyrr. we iyio. Jfoj-K:gone, -and lay' perfectly stiH in.his drnoken stupor. ' Now,' said Schneider, refilling his inug, ve vill hive our torst, boy-0. Here's to the. Mosquito and her new cap'aio, whoever he may be, and speedy death .to Flood,- the traitor ! Up, boys, up, land all together,1 Hip, hip, bur — ' tlie cheer died away on bis lip?, his; face b'ahebed, add with staring eyes riveted on the doo: way, be stammered :oul in a hoarse whisper : - See ! See 1 iny Gott, Caesars ghost !' The pirates instinctively tnrned, and there, sore enough, haggard and wed, but gating sternly npou the boirihle scene; ' was ' the figure of their late; lieutenant. I Davie, the Welsh boatswain, sat next j to Schneider, and was the first to regain; | his compo8uro. ,' '' ' Ghost or demon !' he cried, ' I'll try. him with a ballet !' and seizing hold of the Llutchman s pistiil, which still lay on tbe table. hc levelled it at tbe .figure iu the doorway. As he did so the figure held up hii hand as if about to speak, and at tbe sirae time Schneider threw up the boatswain's arm. Crack went the pistol, bnt the aim was spoiled. The ballet crashed through -the lantern, which hnug above ihe table. The. cord, was iut a'id down it rattled. When it struck the hoards it burst open, and out flew the blazing wick: To an: instant a lurid liffht illuminaied Die cabin ; a yell, as if 'from the; throats of a .'hundred demons, rang through tbe room, and Podro, the "negro, sprang to his feet, 'his brandy -saturated head in one terrjfic hfoz'e'j. Now took place . a scene (which bffl«s'tiescription. From end to endhf the -cabin the -black careered, overturning tables, seats. 'and the drunken pirates .in his desperation: . , Ahiast Ihe. atnmbled: ovtr- a., fallen bench, - plungtl head- foromost'agaipst the magazine door, and the' next. foomfnt rdlled with his'blaziog . h ea d righl in am o n get the flasks and- kegaf powder 1 Ctiiar 'for it was Ihe lieutenant still, in the flesh) sprang op the cabin stairs ; andTusHed "tar"Hi«" tide. Without a. momaqtis rhesitatiqu fte; jdashl -qyer-; board|S4dti<he did sora terrific'feeport rang in his- ears ; the -.deck .of the schooner burat Monderj; - an jimpaense. volum'of £ atne ehbthp-toHieaky! and th ae& around, was .iu an, instant; churned into foam by a ebowor of bat- nlng timber, chattered masts, and broken ;planks, mingied with which were the chaired and. battered fragments "of the Mosqatto'slawless crew. ". Gaesar caught bold of aplauk and gazed around him, the only living.soni <m.-the face of tbe sea. At. iengrhed the. shdre sod era atprite beadEU) the 1 first streaks rif.jdawn gilded thestem ' " -'V j-i-- ' s5#- -,-LrvP.,.J.» " / ' £'y. ; VI.— aB JlECIRBT OF a TBEitS()|& i : / " We will now return to psqtttin iFlood. The pittte 'immUenfiyiiirdM tite; broak.of dinribs -vainhmiatXte pifeiaihaWMpsSa ha'saton tite iwAw; iedal&M;'ariJneaa. to Mip,"1 ftp. of entirely i made tiffiogs iiiroih&'- "Forve.tiiph auifrise ! Bel ? toon 1 by a hoarse; jriiuckle firpmudiovar r.rSpringing to - bis. ;fec'tfieeageiiy,qze3 npwsrdp, «nd saw a maHfjdhoplihras leaning over, thnprecjpice. .. , - ... < ' Who's there 1' he demanded, aB the fore hring jpa'rtiy shaded hfe .did not at (first recpguiae it. . -Ho,.ho,l' came from above,. 4 do you pot .know me, partner ?. \- As th'e inen spoke he turned, and Flood; ; to his cqnsteroution, rpcogcised his in tended victim— Ow«r! 'Cmsar he exclaimed ; ' is it yon 1 Alive 1' -". . ' Aye, etill alive, murderer,' answered jihe lieutenant, grimly ; '.etill alive, Flood, and ready for vengeance. Yon thought you had scnt me to Davy Jones, but 'your mnrderons work foihd, and here I am' to square (our reckoning.' , Flood considered a m omen t. : 'Casar,' ;he aaid, '. I look for no! mercy from yon, and l eek none. But as you're a brave man give me a chance. Letznp np ind -We'll fight it oat foir And square.' -' 1 A peal of derisive laughter was the reply. . -/ Ha, ha, ha ! " Fair and equare," that sounds Well from you.Flood. Bnt never fear..; ii'li be all "lair and square" immediately f- .'- . Flood' tried argument and en tree I y io vain. Caesar merely laughed at him. ' Well, then,' asked Flood in despera tion. ' what do yon mean -to do with met Will yon leaveme to starve here I' ' Perhaps ? may, 'replied thelriuteminr,' 'but when you're tired of your quarters, yau know -what to do. If you can't.get tf, the road downis easy. It's only one step to the bottom ! But meantime I've a little job far you. Haul out the box. This Flood with some difficulty did,, bnt could wot with. -safety drag it along the ledge : alone. Seeing .this, Cmsar detached the rope from the tree and carried it along immediately above where the chest lay.. There; was no. tree there to which to fasten - it, oo, to save any chance of it slipping" .Over, he gave it a turn' round his arm and threw the end down to Flood.;,; The latter was .told to. fas ten it to the chest, and Caawr) began to haul it Dp. It -was slow work, for. he was terribly -weakened by. bis hardships, ' As he strained at the rope he drew farther back from the edge, and when the box was on a level witb blood's bead, he became lost to the view of the. latter. ' Flood at once saw his chince, and springing- np, bo-caught the rope with both faandB aud swarmed up the face of the rock. The jet k and extra weight polled Ceatar to bis knees, and in his weak condition it was all be conld do to save himself from beiog dragged over. He conld not even let the rope go, as it was firmly twisted rooud his arm When within reach of the summit, Flood, who was unaware of the rope's being merely thus unfastened, drew a knife from bis belt and, quickly striking upwatds, plunged it into the lieutenant's , throat. Tbis ooe blow sealed both their fates. It was almost inatantaneonsly fotil to Caesar : his grasp relaxrd, and the next mommit hexolled over the edge. Down, went ,ihe two pitat'B logetber. The - cbest of treasnre rested on the shelf, bnt the two men merely grszd the edge and plungrd into the abyss below. ; In hia despair, Flrod clung like grim death to tbe dead body of Caesar. Wbrn they had follsD the length of the rope they were bronebt np with a jerk, which nearly shook Flood off The chpst re mained. Arm,. however, and its weight k<pt them dangling in mid-air. Theu commenced a terrible fight for life. Fh od made a desperate effort to ascend the rope and regain the ledge. Hand, over hand he st- uggled upwards, the- body of his late comrade swinging by one arm beneath. But the more Flood desperately mounted the rope the more he hastened his certain fate. Every pall at the rope .drew the box neater and nearer to the verge. A few "tils' separated the pirate from the ledge; when, to his horror, the chest aDDrared. Qua desperate spring Fhmd made for' lif- and,' as be wildly clutched at the beetling -cliff tbe cbest toppled over ! Half-way dowti a point of rock pro- traded . Head-foremost on to this the pirate fell, scattering his brains around. Crash 'tome the cbestnu instant after ; the lid flew open and, as the dead pirati s . sank in the watery depths beneath, they were accompanied' to their last reetiog- place by ashower of treasnre ! i , Such is the orieio of 1 Treasnre Beach-' 4-The Strand' Mdqasine.' 