ROUND THE WSffiLD. A NON-COMMISSIONED officer of the 7th Hussars, stationed at Niort, has just accom plished a remarkable -long-distance ride. iie made a wager that he would ride 400 kilometres in 100 hours, mounted en a eavalrv borse 12 years old. he started on a Sunday, and catae m at a gallop In 27iain before tim?. He travelled in a circle trom oue neighboring town to an other, and during the whole tima made only one stoppage, -when he and his mount rested for 18 hours. A TELEGRAM from San Salvador reports that the garrison of Sonsonate revolted during a drill under somewhat remarkable circumstances. Colonel Rivera ordered his regiment to form a hollow square, when one of ihe soldiers dropped his rifle. Thereupon he was seized by the colo nel's orders, gagged, tied to a tree, and literally whipped to death. Just as the soldier expired one of his comrades shouted 'Viva la Revolu cicn!' The words were taken up, and echoed again and again, by the bulk of the regiment, the men at the same time falling upon Colonel Rivera and other twenty-four officers, placing them in line, and shooting them dead without a moment's delay. The bodies were left where they fell, while the ? mutineers, headed Sy Cap tain Rosas, marched towards the coast, shouting 'Viva Antonio Ezeia.' When the telegram left the soldiers were awaiting the arrival of a ship sent to convey them to another port, by General Antonio Szeta, brother of ex-President Ezeta, who played a conspicuous part in the Civil War of 1S90. IN a saloon of the Royal Castle at Berlin stands, according to the 'Vossische Zeitung,' a remarkable instrument. It bears the name 'Belloneon,' aad until a few years ago was in the Castle of Charlottenburg. Of this instru ment, which renders music similar to that of the Trumpeter Corps of the Prussian Cavalry, with kettledrum accompaniment, the following story is told: After the Battle of Jena, Napoleon re turned to Berlin and took up his quarters in the castle at Charlottenburg. During the night the signal of a cavalry attack was sounded, which aroused the Emperor from his slumbers, and he could not believe but that an alarm had been given. So he ordered that the 'attack' should be sounded, although they were snug in the castle. An adjutant then came straightway from the Golden Gallery and solved the riddle, when peace was restored. The warlike excite ment was created by the peaceful 'Belloneon,' whieh stood in^the Golden Gallery of the castle. A button had been touched by a French officer, and this set the works in motion. After this declaration had been made to Napoleon, the Emperor returned to his couch. When the Em peror William II. heard of the existence of the 'Belloneon' and its remarkable history, he or dered the instrument, for its better keeping and repair, to be removed from Charlottenburg and brought to the Berlin Palace, where it has been an object of interest ever since. THE recent report of the evidence given before the Select Committee of food products ad.ultera tion is not pleasant to read. The report is *g sued in the form of a blue-book, and as that kind of literature does not reach the public or pri vate library, but is mostly stored away on undis turbed shelves, it may be as well to give a few items the wider publicity which they undoubt edly deserve. Margarine, which used to be made from beef fat, is largely contributed to by the knackers' yard; and in Paris the dogs and cats which are found floating in the Seine, and even rats from .the sewers, are pressed into the service. Cheap butter is often simply margarine. Much of the bacon sold comes over here in the soft wet state from Chicago; and there are a certain num ber of people in England and Ireland who- dry it and get it up so that it resembles best English and best Irish. A SCIENTIFIC investigation was recently un dertaken by the Imperial German Health Bu reau to inquire into the suitability of the use of aluminium for cooking utensils. They proved thai this metal is entirely free from communi cating to food any poisonous salt such as is given off by copper, tin, or lead. To make sure that no injurious effects need be feared if aluminium be taken into the system, two phy sicians, aged respectively 26 and, 35, volunteered to act as subjects. To each of these was ad ministered daily with their lunch about fifteen grains of aluminium tartrate, for the period of one month. By the end of that time neither had lost flesh or appetite, or felt the slightest discomfort. For cooking purposes this metal seems to be peculiarly adapted, seeing it is a splendid conductor and retainer of heat, while it has the advantage, of being non-poisonous and non-corroding. AN interesting point of law came before the Southwark (London) Police Court recently. Ow ing to a somewhat severe attack of gout in his right hand, the presiding magistrate (Mr. Fen wick) was unable to sign the committals which authorise the governors of the yarious prisons to detain, the prisoners remanded. In order to solve the difficulty, the Governors of Wands worth and Holloway were telegraphed to, to ascertain whether they would recognise his Worship's 'X' mark on the commitment war rants. An affirmative answer was returned, subject £o the 'X' being witnessed by Sir. Nairn, the chief clerk. This course was adopt ed, and the prisoners were duly committed and detained. THE devotion of 'Oie venerable King and Queen of Denmark for one another is described as positively touching. During the time of the Queen's illness, which lasted something like three months, no one about the Court was al lowed to see her save her husband, a ladyin waiting, and the physician-in-ordinary- The King was ceaseless in his devotion. He rarely went out save when duty compelled, abandoned his customary exercise, and passed hours every day reading to his wife or playing cards and chess with her, and telling her what was going, on in the world outside. WHAT is alleged to be one of the most remark able trees on this earth was lately discovered on the promontory of Kinsembo; south of the mouth of the Congo. It has not even the ves tige of a trunk, but spreads its immense bran ches directly on the ground. Naturalists say that this curio from Nature's workshop is a re latiye of the boabab, the wellrknown giant tree growing on the prairies of the Dark Continent, which has a trunk measuring sometimes nearly fifty feet in diameter, while the branches often extend seventy-feet or more, their ends touching the ground, so that the tree forms a huge skele ton tent. For a short time every year the boabab shows a scant' display of meagre leaves but generally the tree is bare except for the large melon-shaped fruit. The shell of the fruit encloses a dry, white substance, which can ?readily be reduced to a powder, and in that form serves as a specific against fever. In some dis tricts th'e negroes eat the leaves. The trunk of the common boabab is often hollow; such hollow trees are used as the burial places for the 'sorcerers' of some tribes, that the earth may not be polluted by their evil remains. Adam son pretends to know that one of these trees, which he had seen himself, shows evidence of being 5150 years old, while the untutored savages still look upon the boabab as a puzzle old and big 'enough to worship. A GHOST story, of a kind which has now be come almost obsolete, has been sent by a cor respondent hi the Fen country to an English contemporary. The inhabitants of the fenny district between Peterborough and Wisbech have been thrown into a state of great excitement of late by the report that an old farmhouse near Thorney was haunted, and that the residents, a farmer named Wilson and bis wife, had been obliged to leave their abode. It appears that the inmates of the house were first made aware of the presence of the mysterious visitors by hearing several knocks on the doo'r of the house, and this continued for some time, until matters got to be so unbearable, and the wife became ' bo upset, that, had she continued in the house, se rious consequences might have resulte'd. The 'giicst' invariably commenced operations by a series of very gentle taps on windows and door, the force of the knocks gradually increasing un til they finished up with a terrific crash, which shook the bouse. The feme of the 'haunted' house soon spread, and thousands of persons have visited the place, including several spiritualists, one or two taking up their abode in the house for the night, but being obliged to leave it before morning dawned. A^school inspector, who had been examining some children, paid a visit to the farm out of curiosity, and the knocks were heard as he held the door open. TSls gentfeman be came so deeply impressed that he -^rote to the neighboring clergyaian thai he was convinced it was a 'spiritual jnanifestation.' ' Another 'gen tleman from Wisbech, said to have the strongest nerves in the eastern counties, .was obliged to take his departure from the house after hearing the knocks, and many, people from long dis tances, bent on investigation, nave been -unsuc- cessful in their endeavors to. lay the ghost. 