TJic 5?-;I;ji5-tisisva' of si SS«iui:;:in. A Cvr'.ous Story. ' Dhihlerets ! Thsit is rather a g:im mune for si liiountsiiii. Whsit is the cri gin of it V' wsis suiotlier of our -|Ui's- tions. For imswer wi- hsid a curious story enough. In 171-1 'the whole valley wsis silVrighted by strnnjre unearthly noises proceeiliug. sis it seemed, from the very bowels of tin- nnmiiiain. The priests told the people tlisit si war lmd broken out hi tlu- inferiisil regions, 'ami thsit si pitched bsittle wsis going, on be tween legions of demons - imprisoned under the rocks. Then it wsis thsit the ? iiouutsiiu wsis rebsiptiseil witliitsiirweul mifiiuiiy 'mime. Lsiter in the year the solution of tlie mystery csinie in the sJuijie of tin enormous lsindslip, of which the internal rumblings hsid been tlie warning, which rent the whole uionii tsiin. sis it were. In twsiiu. one-halt' roll ing siwsiy from the otlier. smd blotting out all the old fesituivs of the country. Numbers of people anil multitudes of cuttle perished. The most extraordi nary part of (hi! business, however, consisted in the rosippesirsuice of a far mer after having been buried for three months. A funeral service had boon held near the spot where his chsilet had disappesuvd. ami his relatives were in mourning fur him sis one dead. When, haggard and spectre-like, he presented himself In the neishbouring village the inhabitants lied in terror, and n nriest was summoned' to exorcise the spirit. It wsis with the greatest -dltticulty that he puctwdeil in persuading the people lie wsis not n ghost. He lmd had a miraculous escape.- A mass of rock had fallen athwart his clinlef, where at the time he whs alone. In such a way as to prevent the superincumbent mass from crushing it. Air hsid resiched him through various crevices, and lie had been able to support himself on provi sions left In tlie house, until by constant labour he hiid succeeded In tunnelling his way. hack to the living world— ' Atnlnntn,' Cobbs 's 'That was a pretty senti ment- young Masher got off the othe night when bidding Miss Plumpy goo'i night.' ' Dobbs : ' So ! What was it ?' Col.ibfr: ' Ho Said; he wlsharl she was .locked. up in his arms and the key los1..' Sho : ' It must have been an tr.vf u' storm ,to blow' nway the ilghthou.s:.' Cbollj; : . '^Terrible, my dear! But it could only have been through 'careless ness tl.at there, was a lighthouse In such an 'exposed, ulnce,' 