J. B. MACARTNEY Is now selling off the whole of his stook of painting materials, and has a cycle depot entitled, V'The Great Northern Cycle Depot.' He has a largo assorted stock of 'at least a dozen different well known brands of bicycles, inoluding the Imperial Rover, that ' bet the faahion to tho world' by being the first aafety. The ' New Rapid,' a muoh improved maonine, now ntrea witn gear case ; tno ' Naumann,' a really , flrst- olasa maohine, very highly finished, with a light-patent mudguard that' oan bo put on or t&kon; off in thirty seconds. TheBO are all high grade machines, and havs proved their' worth in th» paBt, Besides those thoro aro cheaper ones, such as tho ' New Hudson,' ' Tour iat Rover,' ' Clyde,' ' Eolipao,' oto , whioh nro all aplondid value for the prieo asked. All these varied machines may bo obtained for eithor ladiss or gentlemen, with high or low framea to suit tho height of tho purchaser. There aro also at least a score of aeoond hand itiachinea of varioua kinds for hiring purposes, n lino that Mr. Macartney , doea a largo amount of buBineaB in. TIicbo machines are also used for teaching customors, buyers of course boing taught freo. Ladies aro taught to cyolo on an improved mothod, without nny fear of falling; The stock of oycleallties is very large, ,Mr. Maoartnev boine a dircct importer of these iroodB. Thore are lamps of ovary kind, from tho ' Silver King,' so favourably known to tho ' ghost findor.' Cyolehorna, gongs, luggage carriers, watoh casoB, cyolo capes, cycle bags, patent mud guards, and in fact everything that has boon invented for the comfort and convenience of cyclista may bo ob tained hero. The repairing department ia a raro sight with its modlsy of bioyoloB of all ages and 'designs awaiting repair. It iB moat completely fitted in overy rospeet with lathes, furnacas, blow pipe, nnd all tho thousand and ono things that go to tnako tho cquipmont of a cycle repairing shop. Those who feel an interest in cycling could apond a profitable half-hour by taking a look at tho sfcoek and repairing work. It will givo thorn a slight idea of the growth of thia bttainosa, and how oyoling has laid hold upon thu people both for business and pleasure. 