FACTS AND FANCIES. (By ALLY SLOPES.) Although witches and ghosts are just now about as little believed in as haunted houses and Flying Dutchmen, yet some elements of ancient supersti tions still linger. - Thus all agree that thirteen is an unlucky number, and if you happen to remind the guests at a party that there arejust a baker's dozen present, a look of helpless misery is at once detected on nearly all the faces. For this reason I was sorry on Saturday morning, on opening my " Argus," and looking first (as I always do) at the "Announcements," to notice just thirteen Births recorded, while the thirteenth and last was that the wife of the late popular engineer of our shire - Mr. WVitherington-had presented him with a daughter ! The silver lining to the above was that no less than four of these " nurslings of immortality" were stillborn. It seems a big average, but it breaks the charm, and this is why I take up the reader's time in recording the fact. For the gay " monde" of Warragul the first part of this winter must have been rather slow; but at last the charm is broken : I hear of no end of parties, balls, socials, and send-offs on the boards. If we are all hard-up it's no reason why we should not enjoy our selves. Of course things have to be cut very fine, but human nature triumphs over all petty economies. A ball whose subscription is half-a crown turns out just as delightful as one costming thirty shillings a couple as it used to. Sweet are the uses of adversity, is an assertion just as sound as those found in the multiplication table. So long as Nero didn't exactly light the match, his example in fiddling away while Rome was going to bl'zes is a most commendable act, and one not hitheito understood by the warped historians who have prached us sermons on that classic event. Tuesday last was an epoch marking day for two celebrated assemblages of men beneath the Southern Cross. First, that big Debating Society that is located at the top of Bourke-street, held their preliminary flutter, and nexst the local branch of our A.N.A. met to elect their long list of orna mental officers. As the aforesaid offi cers have now to devise a syllabus, in order to complete the political educa tion of their younger members as well as to enlist the sympathies of outsiders, I venture to make a modest suggestion -this is, to have a series of Parlia mentary nights when the same subjects can be debated that are actually before the country in another place. Thus, with the Charities' Bill before them, the " Boys" would be at liberty to say something about the Warragul Ladies' Benevolent Society. The Anti-Sweat ing Bill will naturally open the question whether the Shire Secretary and the junior bank officials are in receipt of a living wage. Then the new Game Law Bill will enable the local fruit growers to thank the Gun Club for their addition of scores of sparrows to the bird population of the town. These are only a few of the plums, but if the scheme works, and the proceedings were only reported in the metropolitan papers, Warragul may yet see a fifth estate created in its midst. 