A TOM OF PEOPHIGT. i There are only eight members of the Comet Cycling Club, but they were out in full force on that delicious May Sun day for the run down to South shore, and pulling up, just before noon, at Sandy Cove for a sandwich, a pipe and a rest, they took possession of the piaz za of one of the yet unopened cottages on the beach. The day was fit for the gods, the skies blue, tiie sea as smiling as if it were midsummer, and the sunlight, on the sails of a large schooner standing stead ily across the bay on a long track, the gentle washing of the water among the rocks on the sliff-e, the light wind cool ing and grateful ns it blew over heated brows, were all influences which com bined with the fragrance of good Forri que moved one 1o introspection and thence to confidence. The little group fell gradually into a silence that among so many women would have been as ominous as the hush preceding a thunder-storm. Here it meant, first, a profound animal con tent, and following on the. heels of that a long look into the future, after the manner of their kind, for the medita tive man thinks about what is to come as instinctively as the meditative wo man of what is past. Dick Whitney was the first to speak. Removing his meerschaum front his mouth—it was a splendidly colored lion’s head — and gazing fondly at its tawny richness, he said: “CHjv days are - n«mtwvoit. boys. We, shali have’fe w more times like this.” “ Why not?” demanded Morris, from his perch on the piazza rail. “Recause summer's coming." “What of that?” rose the chorus. They were all listening now. “Girls!” said the sage darkly and sen tentiously, and forthwith a gloom set tled on those happy souls—no, not on all. for little Louis, in the corner, who had been softly whistling “The Sunshine of Paradise Alley” under hisbreath.turned scarlet through his tan as if detected in a treacherous thought, and wondered if anybody noticed the tingle of pleasure that pervaded him at the mere mention of such delightful possibilities. Louis was nearly IS. and wax in Iho hands of anything feminine, for at that age. as some astute French philosopher —Balzac, isn't it?—observes “on n’aiine pas une femme rnais lo sexe,” but the others were hardened veterans, primed with the bitter wisdom of experience, and Dick, the Nestor of the club, at ISO had made for himself quite a neat repu tation as a cynic. Bracing himself with a wliiff of his pipe, and blowing out the smoke in deli cate rings, he pursued his remarks: “Last season was the first for years when a man had the ghost of a chance to escape from their clutches. They couldn't all ride wheels. But this sum mer they’ve got them. Lord bless you; yes, to a petticoat, and I can hear their assurance rising up over the land : ‘Whither thou goest, I will go.’ ” “It’s leap year, too,” said a still, small voice, tinged with despondency. "Fel lows. you won’t believe it. but. I have had three proposals already since Janu ary and —” a great, burst of laughter in terrupted the speaker, who paused and stared pensively at his golf stockings, imported at untold expense and chas tely designed in the blue and green Sunderland plaid. An Adonis of middle class society, finely proportioned as a Greek athlete, and further endowed with close-cropped chestnut curls and sleepy eyes.be felt it would be unreason able to expect even a new woman to contemplate such charms unmoved and put up good naturally with ordinary adoration. These later aggressive at tentions had been too much. Why was this amusement at the turning of the worm? '• '■■■ ' ■ “What’s t«e joke?” he asked, sulking. “You don’t mean that,” cried Louis in credulously. “It’s gospel truth. Why, what if I told you that M-. well i can’t men tion any names, but if I only hinted at a girl who has as good as asked me to marry her within a month, nobody would believe me, and one of you would knock me down—if he could.” “The' beginning of the end.” A solemn note crept into Dick’s tone. ‘Reg gie is right—there’s no joke about it. This is tiie sort of tiling in store for every man-jack of us unless wo make a determined stand. I tell you. I shall a presentiment that one and all of us will be wooed and wed this summer if we don’t take measures for self-defence at once. Laugh away. It’s true.” “Cassandra in knickerbockers,” smil ed Morris, whose remarks sometimes had a surprising classical flavor. Dick growled. “What is the better part of valor?” said he. “Discretion !” responded the literary member, briskly, a youth who had won •hat proud distinction by reporting ball games and yacht races, and now felt all the mental elation of a witty repartee. “Exactly,” agreed Dick, “and where a woman is concerned one can’t be too valorous or too discreet. The question is, are we ready to be sealed in the bonds of matrimony or are we not?” “We are not!” The reply was unani mous,' coming from the much-proposed to loudest of all; from little Louis half heartedly. I “The noes have-it,” and Dick,rose to his feet, a gallant figure in his home spuns. A melancholy brown moustache effectively hid whatever expression might steal into the lower part of his face, and his eyes were by turns sharp, quizzical and kindly as they lingered 'now on this lad. now on that, always re turning lovingly to the meerschaum, which ' he often declared was the only, thing that, stood by him faithfully in life. He held it in his hand, and his fin al's closed upon it with sudden energy, as leaning against a post ho suddenly took up the theme again in a convinc ing, lazy drawl. . “ I am no orator as Brutus is. but, bovs, I know what I am talking about. Tliov're a. poor lot—girls—and they re after us like a pack of hounds. As Reggie there says, ifs leap year. and lumlitv preparations are making. Silks and muslins, and lliunmadidiiles. we are nroof against those, for we know them of old but this new woman who tides after'uson a bicycleand mkes the eomd into her own hands. I tell jon i am afraid of her. It seems to me there is one snfe course to pursue. JlThe others waited. Not quite sum Weanmsf^Tom'the0'oremy-rc trent as she advances, that is not manly; w n i=i discreet. If we don’t want to be caught we must keep out of reach of ti?o Dollvs and Doras, or, hang it alk Paiis “ the endearing ele lexic - frieuilship/’ *uul not to risl'twdlinglv the temptation of moonlit Ues or any of the lures the sirens com " roor Bonis! indeed. felt dismal foi-e «rc»rm»Tfi^cK -kwk Brassy voiith which dreads nothing so lh |W»K«MS not'be f,tiered In a timid'protest lie ventured! t0."u not be more Christian to -i-o our enemies?” and the hubbub Ol I eSSre broke up tlm mating ith most admired disordei. They, ieked up themselves and their wheels, alving ready for the spin back to town, istin" last glances at the beautiful, respect spread out before them. At tlie left of the little cove a thickly •coded point ran out into the bay, the refs of several large and pretentious lansions, showing among tlw trees hero ad there, and paths emerged fiom the i-istocratic quarter upon the beach, here rows of well-kept bath houses jggested that the grandees condescen odlo take an occasional dip in the sur r Was so early in the season that none i the cottages showed any signs of oc jpanev, and great was the surprise of le young men as three people suddenly ppeared at the end of one of these aths, an old gentleman and a lady, nd a tall, slight young woman in a hi reling suit of covert cloth. "With equal stonishment the new comers returned! le gaze till the girl, about whose good loks the club had instantaneously, -reed to a man. gave a startled ex lanmtion of recognition, and Mr Blch i-d Whitney, cynic and woman hatei, urried eagerly towards her with a ave of colors dying his sunburnt face. What followed was in pantomime to is comrades. Handshaking, a few roken and embarrassed sentences, then > was presented to the old lady and -ntleman. and the conversation which sgan continued without any apparent id in view, until the other young gen-' emen left out in the cold fussed and imed with indignation and impatience, mowing themselves down in the sand ivaiting Lord High Mighty’s pleasure ► depart. “That’s what I call consistent, gnim ed Slorris, feeling: an intense attraction; •wards the unknown charmer whose •aceful, lightly-built figure appeared at s best advantage against the back -ound of sea and sky. "Luck for Dick that slie liasn t noticed e. He wouldn’t be in it if slie had,” iserved Reggie, serenely. "Peacock!” came from the others, and orris gave him a kick a little too de ded to be playful. “Can I help it?” said Adonis, with re •oacli. “I don’t want them to fall in ve with me, but they always do. It s iglity awkward for a fellow sorae Do you suppose she is in love with t?” asked Louis. -low do we know., chump?” respon se literary member. ; should say she was. That’s the r they generally look at me just be : they come to a crisis. I wonder > she is. T fancy I have seen her icwliere.” [t is an old friend of mine who has n abroad for years.” he began. Poor chap’." sighed Reggie, too quietly. >e heard. 3ne of those houses belongs to her le and aunt. They just came down the day—came on the train, and she oing to ride back on her wheel.” :ill that uncomfortable silence as the 3 scrambled up and prepared to lead ly their bicycles. Wait a minute!" stammered Dick. iu—you had better go on without me. : wants me to go with her. I don’t I to refuse an old friend, and, beside, doesn't know the road. Well?” he club turned and looked at him as man, and the captain became con ius of a sudden intense envy of a clam t lay at his feet. We might all escort her,” said Morris, ly. “There’s safety in numbers.” fes, introduce us,” clamored the oth eI“Better not,” said Reggie, shaking his handsome head. “I’m fond of you, old fellow, and you wouldn’t-have a show If she saw me.” A violent resentment gripped at Dick's heart at this; he picked up his tall wheel and turned away. The lovely stranger had been watching him under her long lashes, wondering why the situation seemed so strange, and what had tem perd his joy at meeting her again. “ I shall have to lead him on,” she thought, “but I am certain he loves me still, and I always meant to marry him in the end. “Dick.” as he came up to her. “who is that awfully good looking man the one in the green and blue Stock Twenty minutes later the Comet Club had reached the top of a long and gentle ascent, which it was only a pleasure to climb, and there pausing for breath, glanced backward instinctively along the road they had just passed over. At the foot of the hill they saw the captain and the old friend who looked not a day over twenty, walking slowly, and engaged in conversation of the most interesting na Discretion is the better part of va lor,’” quoted Morris significantly, and. the derisive laughter that followed was borne on the wind to the ears of that couple. Dick bit his lip savagely. "They are bidding you good-by,” she. said softly, "but you don’t mind when you have got me, do you?" But little Louis fit esomething thump ing at his side all the way home, not his heart, but the beloved meerschaum which the cynic had left behind, forgot ten. on the beach.—Boston Herald. 