ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. Before the abortive Jameson raid there was but little interest taken in that remarkable race of people — the Boers. Compared with the population of other countries their numbers are as By " The Casual." , insignificant as the title with which they designate their little territory is mag nificent. The South African Republic lias a far-reaching sound, but a glance at the map will show how little of the world is comprised within the borders of the Transvaal. But the very qualities of mind which led the Boers to give such a gorgeous name to their strip of country have made them what they are — a race to whom even the v proud British have had to succomb and bend their necks more than once. Paul Kruger, the President, illustrates in liis own person those habits which have made his countrymen what they are. He combines in no small degree the qualities of piety and prudence, or in scriptural phase, " The wisdom of the serpent with the liarmlessness of dove." The very neat manner in which he " dished," Jameson and the Johannesbuvghers must compel admir ation, however one deplores his methods of government. The other day I came across a delightful anecdote of Kruger when he was a much younger man, and as it illustrates my point I will give it in the next para graph of these notes. Before the Transvaal was a Republic there was a famine in the land, and a party was organised to hunt the harte- beeste. For days the party scoured the veldt in vain. Then one of the Boers declared his intention of retiring into the bush to pray for succour. He accordingly left the party, in company with a native. Some hours afterwards the Boer returned and informed the party that he had prayed, and in three days' time a large troupe of hartebeeste would pass that way. Sure enough, two days after the pro mised game appeared in sight, and the Dutchmen made a great haul. From that moment " the man of prayer " became a great hero. That man was Paul Kruger. Some time afterwards, the native who accom panied Kruger stated that when Kruger entered the bush he did not pray, but struck out for a neighboring Kaffir kraal. Calling the head men, the Boer informed them that there was a large number of armed Boers on the other side of the bush, who had sent him to tell them that unless they (the natives) discovered game in less than three days they would all be shot. The frightened natives set out forth with, discovered the game and drove it towards the Boers camp. The victory of the Australians in the second test match against All England furnishes a crowning point to the succession of wins recently scored by our cricketers in the old country. Australians have every reason to feel elated over such a suc cess, but I think they ought to show a little mercy to those Englishmen who have made their homes amongst them, and are as every whit as proud of their adopted country as the native born Australian themselves. When ever the colonials score a victory — whether it be in cricket, sculling or any other form of sport — the life of an Englishman is made a burden to him in small country towns. The native-born Australian cannot let such an one pass without what is vulgarly termed " poking borak at him." But how different is their conduct when an English eleven happens to get all the pick of vast Australia out for, say 18 runs. We then hear whispers that the team must have been banqueting over night, or strange rumors about the strength of British beer, and some even take the defeat so much to heart as to spend good red money on cabling a message of recall something like tliis : — " Come home at once ; all will be forgiven." Their depression at a defeat is as great as their sense of elation over a victory". The average cornstalk, in his joy at a win, is apt to become a trifle tiresome and to indulge in what Americans call " blow." He should endeavor to take either defeat or victory in a more equable fashion, and should also learn a lesson from recent Bulletin cartoons depicting the perils attendant upon "swelled head." While on the subject, it will not be out of place to insert a charming little anecdote culled from a Loudon journal. The moral contained in the story might well be taken to heart by some of our local bush lawyers, who will insist upon arguing the point with the referee during the progress of a football "match. Because they sleep with the " Football Guide " under their pillows, most of them imagine they know enough to " run " the Sydney Referees' Association. The following may lead some of them to amend their ways, and so rid our playing fields of a great and growing nuisance. The anecdote is as fol lows : — " A picked eleven of barristers from London played a cricket match with a picked eleven of barristers from Manchester. The day was beauti fully fine, and a large company had assembled to see which set of lawyers had the more practice. With the first ball of the second over, however, a dispute arose, and the twenty-two barristers gathered round the umpire to argue the point. The argument continued with no sign of abatement till five in the evening, at which time the umpire died." 1! Hobart has a genuine live ghost of its own, and last week the Mercury says that considerable excitement was caused in the Postal-Telegraph depart ment by one of the staff rushing in and announcing that the supposed visitor from another world had been captured at Sandy Bay. A few min- utes later a messenger appeared on the scene and very excitedly gave the information as authentic, but the rumor proved to be unfounded. The other evening a policeman on duty in Davey-street was somewhat startled by seeing what he took to be the ghost in St. David's burial ground, leaning against the fence. Being some dis tance away from the unwelcome visitor he stopped, thinking of what he should do. The report also stated that the constable " was alone, and naturally felt a bit nervous. How ever, he decided to ' face the music,' and drawing his staff, sauntered along, bracing himself up with the thought that he was there to protect life and property. The night was dark, and in the distance he could see the ' white monster,' with piercing eyes, staring fixedly at him. Still he went on, but wishing all the while that some one else was in his shoes. On getting pretty close to what he took to be the meet-me-at-moonlight-alone visitor he asked him a question, but, getting no reply, he made a terrific hit with his staff, but the animal (for sure enough it was a billy goat) dodged, and was soon out of reach. It had been stand ing on a tombstone, with its two fore legs resting on the fence. The police man suffered a good deal from mingled feelings after this adventure, but was consoled with the proud satisfaction of having done his duty." 