Told by a Deep-sea Engineer. ' Ilullo, Logan, glad to see you've picked up. Here's Mr. Danvers — he's fond of paying us a visit down here.' I had just got into the engine-room of the Ocean Monarch, bound, as usual, for Cape Town. I was the second engiueer, and bad come aboard a week ago scarcely recovered from a low fever. This was my first appearance, and- the chief engineer came forward to greet me. Mr. Danvers, one of the passengers with whom I bad made great friends, smnea. ' Sea air does wonders,' said he. ' I suppose I had better depart in peace, as you, too, will have plenty to do.' ' Oh, no hurry,' said Paterson. ' You know we shipped some fresh stokers, Logan ? ' ' Yes— two,' I answered ; ' how do you find them ? ' ' I have no complaints.' I opened the door of the stokehole and looked in. Danvers put his head in behind me. He always said the great red eye of the fire had a fascination for him. The furnace door was open, and one of the men was flinging ou coals. The hot glare of light fell on him as he moved backward and forward. - He looked weird — terrible. : I turned back hastily to Paterson. ' Who is the third man ? I saidL . 'Third man.' What do you mean ? What's the matter, Logan, you are quite white ? ' ' There are only two men,' said Danvers, fol lowing me back into the engine-room. We heard the clang of the furnace door. I looked from one to the other. I felt scared.' I suppose I showed the feeling, for both men seemed con cerned. ' Three ? ' I said, in a curiously questioning voice, as if I were not sure of what I had seen. ' Thompson (that was tte stoker who had been with us for years) ' and the new men — I dou't know their faces.' ' You'd better go to the doctor again,' said Paterson. I was in there five minutes before you came ; there were only Thompson and Holker, one of the new hands there ; and nobody hts cone in since.' D' You see double. LogaD,' said Danvers smiling. I was silent. Nothing could have been easier than to return to the stokehole and there and then settle the matter ; but I had a sort of shrinking from seeing again that strange red figure, and preferred dropping the dispute. Thinking over it later, it seemed probable that the others were right. The fierce light might produce all manner of effects, and the Ibird man had cerfainly looked shadowy enough to be only an optical delu sion. But the second time I saw Holker was in broad daylight. I met him face to face in the passage running forward past the (engineers' cabins, and again there seemed someone behind him— another man : a filmy shape, and yet distinct. I felt para lysed. There was . nothing remsikahle about the stoker. He was a quiet man, rather ' clcse ' with his mates, and therefore not much liked ; but we engineers found him a good worker. I thought the fever was still hanging about me : yet I felt strong and well, slept soundly, and ate as only a convalescent can. I took to watching Holker, although I had a horribly nervous feeling about him. I asked Paterson and the third engineer if they saw anything odd about the man. Nothing at all, they said. Couldn't they see, I thought, that something always behind the stoker.that wasn't a likeness of him. Whenever I saw him, I saw it, too— in the lurid glare of the fire, aboat the lower deck and passages, in the fresh sunshiny air — always that other man, like some haunting fate. Was I mad, or was every one else blind ? ' Danvers,'1 1 said one night, as he and I were walking the deck smoking, ?' do you believe in un canny things ? ' ' Do you mean ghosts 'f ' 'Not exactly. I wish you would let me tell you something : only don't laugh at me.' ' Not for worlds. I am not an entire unbeliever, and I know you have very devout beliefs in these things,' said Danvers. ' Thanks. It is about this Holker. Do you re member when I first saw him ? I told -Paterson there were three men,' ' Yes.' ' There were three figures. God knows whether the third was a man,' I said in a trembling voice. ' It iB no fancy — I have proved it to be none. I am not ilk My nerves are not unhinged ; they are steady as yours. Always I see behind Holker a shape ? ' ' What you Scotch calla ' wraitb,' ' said Danvers, ' a warning of his death.' A ' wraith ' is a likenes3 of the person warned. This shadowy form is not in the least like Holker. What does it mean ? ' I said, pausing by his side. There was a sort of despair in my heart. ' Why do I alone see it ? Is- there something for me to do, and I do not know what ? ' I could feel that Danvers was sympathetic, though he was silent. 'It is very strange,' he said, thoughtfully. ' It may be (.hat you alone are a ghost-seer. I have read that some people never can see anything.' ' You do not doubt me, then ? ' ' I hardly know what to say. Can you describe this appearance ? ' ' It is as clear as day, though misty. It is a young man's face. He has a white, transparent com plexion, like a person in bad health ; thin, aristo cratic features ; the fair hair falls in curls over the forehead ; the eyes are brown — womanish eyes, soft and wistful- ? ' I paused suddenly. I had been talking as if to myself, hardly noticing Dam ers ; but an exclama tion from him checked me. To my surprise he had turned pale. ' Should you know the face r ' he said, in a hurried wa}v . ' You mean in a picture ? ' Yes.' . ?, ? ? ' Come to my cabin,' said Danvers. We went below quickly, and when we reached his cabin he fastened the door. He seemed excited. He un locked a desk that he took from a travelling case, and laid a photograph in my hand. My blood turned to ice as I looked. I could not speak, nor even utter a sound. There was the face I had just des ? cr.bsd.,, ' I see you recognise it.' said Danvers He sit 'down and covered his face, and I laid the photo graph on the table. He seemed agitited. - I felt curiously calm. ' Something you were to do,' said Danvers at last. ' You have done it.' ' How ? * I have done nothing.' ' Youhave told me.' ' Told you ? Yes, because I could no longer endure silence.- Whatthen?' ' I'll tell you— and you raiiBt help me. I em not travelling for pleasure ? ' ' I knew that,' I said, a little diyly. ' Ah. You are quick, but you kepi your counsel, so it didn't matter. I am a detective.' ' What,' I said springing up, my heart beating wildly. ' Hush. Sit down again. I was sent on the track of a murderer. We had certain information that he had escaped to Africa some weeks ago. He is not there— he 'is here.' \- ' Holker, the stoker,' I whispered. I sat overwhelmed. Danvers quickly regained something Of his professional quietude. . Thai face,' ne said, pointing to the photograph, ' is the likeness of Mr. Louis Temple-a young iqau of meanB and an invalid, who was murdered by his man-servant. Perhaps you have heard.' ' No. I was ill — I heard nothing.' ' ' The man was a trusted servant, half-nurse, pie murder— a peculiarly horrible one, on a defence less man— was committed evidently for purposes of robbery. We shall find some of the spoil in Holker's Ch6St. Thft Acnonm? Xin 1 ? \- -- ? ? uuv nu nave uviuence that will surely hang faun. Now, do you see how great a service you have unconsciously done ? But for this strange interposition the murdered man would probably -never have been avecged. Our false information would have misled us, 'and while we wasted fame in rectifying it Holker would very likely have been lost to us altogether.' ' I see,' was all I could say. ' Now I have my hand on him,' said the detec tive. ' He is, of course, diBguiBed. I will ar range a plan, in which I shall need your help to strip him of his disguise. I will arrest him, and he and I will be put ashore at the first port we touch at, and return to England.' ' Claim my entire services,' I said. ' I can nardly yet believe I am in Inv right senses. Why was I, who knew nothing of the circumstances— who was ignorant of the existence of this Louis Temple— why was I chosen to bring this horrible crime to light r ' ' Ah» there we get into the unfathomable,' said the detective, 'beyond me, and beyond wiser and better people than I. I don't 6ee how one can get ^ac^a — whidi ie all we have to do with.' That argument did not satisfy me, though I knew I never could get beyond it. The strange, the awful thing was, that the next time I saw Holker the shadow was gone. We made our planB, and I soon saw how neces sary my aid was. I was thrown much more across the stoker than Danvers was, and the initial move ment was to drug the man, to get him into my cabin under pretence that he was ill, and there satisfy our selves of his make-up. I shall never forget the grim delight of the detective when this plan suc ceeded and the wretched criminal was revealed in the insensible man before us. That was his last hour of freedom. He came to, to find himself the prisoner of tire quiet passeDger, Mr. Danvers. It was a terrible scene. . The man could not understand how he had been discovered when the detective. said he himself had not made the discovery. In the midst of the wretch's frightful ravings, we learned that he had purposely missed the ship he had been reported to have sailed in, and had fastened on the Ocean Monarch. In his chest were found jewels, plate, money— all identi fied as the missing property of the unfortunate Mr. Temple. There was horror from stem to stern when it was known that we had a murderer on board. Sailors are superstitious on thie point— and justly so. I think no one breathed freely till Holker (that wasn't hiB real name, by-the-by) had been removed from our ship. 1, myself, was the sensation of the hour, but I tried to avoid curious questioners. There was something too awesome to me in the mystery to me to allow me to discuss it with every idle tattler. Was what I Baw the spirit of the murdered man, silently crying for vengeance 'r I devoutly believe it was. But the question I had put to the detective remains unanswered — why was I made to play this part ? The story got into the papers, and I was inter viewed by more scientific meu of all nationalities than I can remember now. It is years ago. The detective is dead, the Ocean Monarch is running her last trip. So all things come and go. And it's time I went below and looked after my engines. — L. Lansfelat, in the Yankee Blade. 