THE H&UNTED; HOUSE. 'Won't let, you say? Why not? Gho9ts?' and Mr. Edward Trevor burst into an incredulous laugh. The game keeper, leaning on his gun, looked sideways at the stranger. ' I don't know, sir,' he replied, a little drily ; ' tney do say — but anynow, it s odd that since the old family had to leave the place nobody else has been able to live in it.' Mr. Trevor, a good- looking:, middle-aged Londoner, again surveyed the house in question, before which he and the game keeper of the neighbouring squire were standing. It was an old Caroline house, not very large, but built in a rambling, charmingly picturesque fashion, and sur rounded by fairly extensive, well- timbered grounds. The flower-beds had certainly been neglected, and the gardens generally wanted the gardener; but this wa3 no matter for surprise, since the house had been empty for nearly five years. 'But it looked what the Times advertisement stated it to be, ' a desirable residence,' and Mr. Trevor, who wanted just such a country house, was not disposed to aocept ' buga boo' stories, whether gho9ts or mortals were the heroes of them. ?'' What's the matter with the place ?' he asked, after this survey. He had the agent's key in his pocket, and could roam through the deserted chambers at his leisure (for apparently no caretaker could be got to reside at Monk's Hollow), when the squire's gamekeeper, who was passing by, stopped arid looked at him with so concerned an expression that Mr. Trevor paused, and began to ask questions about the house. 'You'd know all about it, sir, if you wasn't a stranger,' the gamekeeper replied, ' I wouldn't live in that house for all the squire's money. If it ain't ghosts, it's a curse, or something dreadful.' 'Tell me the Btory,' said Mr. Trevor, amused and interested. ' Well; sir, the house belonged for nigh on 200 years to the Melvilles. I mind the last of them — I was a little chap at the time; he was a bad 'uu, sir, all round; ?piayea- UUUISS HU Ul'U&UO; Wi'jU kua uiuuoj —ruined himself and had to give up the old place; that was 40 years ago. His eon —young Mr. Rolt— he was as proud of the old place an' the old Unds; an' they say there was fearful scenes between him an' his father— him reproaching of his father for wastin' the inheritance; but it warn't no use; they had to turn out at last, and the. old man died, and Mr. Rolt, he went abroad. The lands was sold to one and another, and a London stockbroker bought the house and grounds, and come to live here. Well, sir, as you'll believe me, he died sudden like less than a year after — diseaBB of the brain, the doctor said. The family, they couldn't bear the place, and they let it. It's no story I'm tellin' you, sir, but solemn truth—there's bean #Y9 tempts pf tbot fcouje, mi mh timg there's been someone died sudden and mysterious in the night, without no reason. There was Mr. Amhist — he died ; then a furrin gentleman took the place, and his eldest daughter was found dead in bed. Next it was a London gentleman and his mother and sisters, and he died sudden— a hale young feller not more'n thirty. Then an American family come, and the wife died. Her husband went a'most mad. The doctor didn't know what to make of it ; there was an inquest ; but nothing come of it. The la-it was Mr. Somers — he was old, and he died ; the doctor called it syn — syn— — ' 'Syncope ?' suggested Mr. Trevor. ' Yes, sir, that's the word. If it ain't ghosts,' the gamekeeper repeated, ' there's a somethink awful as curses that place. There couldn't a bin so many people die nat'ral like.' But Mr. Trevor thought that in all pro bability the deaths were natural enough, even if village tradition had not added to the number of them, and embellished the circumstances; it certainly was a strong point against the gamekeeper that out of five ' mysterious' deaths only one should have so puzzled the doctor that he could not attribute it to a natural cause. And more than one doctor was surely concerned in a story covering nearly forty years; village doctors, certainly ; still, it needs no very profound medical knowledge to detect whether a man be stabbed, or shot, or poisoned. Edward Trevor, though he had a soft heart for his only daughter, had a hard, scientific head, and was absolutely sceptical of all things which could not be clearly apprehended by sight, touch or reason. He would have sat up all night in a vault without ' turnine: a hair,' or slept for a month turnabout in the haunted chambers of Glamis Castle ; so he was not likely to be scared by Reuben Blaine's stories of the gruesome fate overtaking the successive tenants of Monk's Hollow. He laughed, said, ghosts and curses were alike 'rubbish,' tipped the gamekeeper a shil ing and walked up to the door of the fateful nouse. 'If he takes that there place,' said Reuben, solemnly, addressing hia gun, ' he'll just be a-rushin' on his fate ; it's a temptin' of Providence, I call it.' And he marched gloomily away. Mr. Trevor, however, ' tempted Provi dence.' He liked the house, and took it, resolving not to tell his daughter anything about its vile reputation. She was like her dead mother — of a delicate physique, and a sensitive, nervous, impressionable temperament. It was not very probable, he reflected, as he made bis way back to the railway station en route for town, that Everil would hear much about the house, as she was not strong enough to roam the country, and the grounds would, for the most part, content her for walking. In riding and driving one does not so often come in the way of hearing gossip. Within a fortnight gardeners, &c;, with out, and upholsterers and cleaners within, were set to work at Monk's Hollow, and by-and-bye servants — none of them from the neighbourhood — came, and a couple of riding horses and a smart cob for the dog cart were installed iu the stables. The agents rubbed their hands — though, they were obliged to let the 'desirable residence ' for a ridiculously low rent— but they shook their heads also, and wondered whether Mr. Trevor would be able to break the evil record. As for the village people, they re garded the new tenant as doomed. One, or both, must surely die. They awaited, with a certain gruesome pleasure, the inevit able catastrophe. Everil Trevor, a tall young girl of 20, with a mass of sunny curls, and tho loveliest dark eyes that ever bewitched a man, fell ia love with the house for its picturesque ness and its antiquity, but it seemed to her uncanny too ; it must either, she said, be haunted, or have been the scene of some ter rible crimes. Her father laughed, and told her not to talk nonsense ; but though Everil said no more, the feeling she had spoken of did not diminish, but rather grow and strengthened as the days passed on into weeks. But Mr. Trevor, healthy, happy, and strong, with a splendid diges tion and prosaic brain, had no misgivings or fancies of any kind. He thoroughly en joyed his life, and almost forgot the grim stories whioh had given Monk's Hollow so unenviable a reputation. ' Good-night, father, dfar.' ' Good-night, my child.' Mr. Trevor laid down his book as his daughter bent over him, and drew the fair young face to his. There was, perhaps, not maoh real community of feeling between Iba \m \ but fe? wt* bw (Mbwj be w a, kind and loving father ; it was no more his fault than it was hers that their tempera ments and tastes were so different. They loved each other dearly, the woman's love being, as is usually the case, the most un selfish. She pushed her delicate fingers through his grizzled hair, and he looked up and smiled into the dark eyes that said bo much more than he could read. ' Isn't it to- morrow,' he said, ' we dine with the squire V ' NO, father ; Thursday.*' ' Ab, yes : I remember. Ir.'ll be rath t a dull affair, I'm afraid.' : ' Unless his cousin, Dr. Esmond, is more lively than he is,' said Everil, smil ing. ' He told you Dr. Esmond was coming to-day to spend part of his holiday at the Hall. He is a London physician ; so, at any rate, he will be able to talk about something besides crops and pedigree cattle.' ' Probably doesn't know a Devon from a Durham,' replied Mr. Trevor. ' I'm not ah all sure that I do. Well, good-night, dear.' He kissed her and let her go. Ab the door she paused and looked back; she want out lingeringly. It was a long time before she slept ; she seemed to feel more oppressively than ever that sense of foreboding which always haunted her in this house; and the myste rious manner in which two or three of the servants had left recently was not reassur ing. Their reasons for leaving were ohvJOMHlv nor. t.hfi trim nno ? thav ht-A nnt ' seen anything,' or heard any stories of ghosts ; oh, no ! it wasn't that ; but still they went, and Everil, musing pnd fretting, as she lay awake to- night, resolved to find out what there was against Monk's Hollow. Certainly those servants had heard some thing — mere foolish gossip, perhaps; but also, perhaps, there was no foundation for it. She slept at last, and woke from troubled dreams. She was always down first, and had often breakfasted before her father was up. It was so this morning, and she was reading her letters when she was startled by a hurried tap at the door, and, not waiting for an answer, Mr. Trevor's valet entered with a white, scared face. ' Miss Everil,' he said, ' I wish you'd come up — my master looks so strange.' Everil had sprung past the man, even before the last words had fairly left his lips. In a moment she was in her father's room — by his bedside. He lay on his back, in the attitude of sleep; but he was not asleep, he was dead ; must have been dead some hours, for his fece was already cold, his features settled into the locked rigidity of death. But as livid as that face on the pillow was the face Everil turned to the valet, who had quickly followed her. ' Go for a doctor at once !' she said. ' The Hall is much nearer than the village, miss. Shall I fetch Dr. Esmond ?' ' Yes.' As the man quitted the room, Everil rang the bell violently, and in; a minute servants were doing her behests, bringing brandy, and hot bottles, and she, with despair in her heart, was trying to bring back the dead to life. She felt, and knew it was all of no use ; but she would not suffer herself to give way. It might be syncope; it couldn't be death; how should it be? Her father . was well and strong. There was no disease, no illness — nothing to kill him ; this was not death — not death 1 In the midst of all this, a swift step, light and firm, traversed the corridor ; a tall, slight man, about five-and- thirty, entered the room. He just bent his head to Everil, as she made way for him, and she mechanically returned tho salute, She watched him, holding her breath, as he bent over the dead man. She was vaguely conscious that his was a very handsome face ; she was mora distinctly conscious that it revealed nothing ; but it seemed curious that, after three or, four minutes of careful examination, he asked no questions. Presently, he drew down the nightshirt, laying bare : the chest. Whatever it was ho saw, invisible to un skilled eyes, he drew in his breath quickly, and lifted himself. Two or three of the servants, the valet among them, were in the room. ' I will send for you when I want you,' he said, briefly. The servants, thus dis missed, reluctantly retired, closing the door. Then Dr. Esmond looked at Everil ; if he had noticed her at all before, it wa3 as, perhaps, little more than an adjunct to the scene ; now his look was penetrating, grave, profoundly pitying. What did it mean ? Was he appraising her mental and physical strength ? ' Dootor,' she whispered, ' what is it V M$teQ% ba$ W i#%! w^-w&fy; hex sit down j she was not conscious of clinging to his band, bnt she did it. ' I wish,' he said softly, his voice as \- , tender as hi3 touch and manner, ' I could tell you anything but the truth ? ' ' What truth ? Don't keep me in sue Bpense ; I shall not faint or cry ouf.' ' I don't think you will ; you are a 'brave girl. Your father has not died a natural death.' She looked at him with dilated eyes ; her lips parted, but she did not utter a ?word. ' He has been poisoned,' Dr. Esmond said. ' Poisoned !' A strangled whisper now — the delicate lips vivid. She was not conscious of having uttered the word, her eyes turned to the still form on the bed, and came hack to the physician's face with a Isitd of questioning horror. ' Come with me,' he said. He led her into the adjoining; dressing-room, and again placed her in a chair. She seemed, in a manner, stunned and dazed ; but there was no sign about her .of fainting. Dr. Esmond sat down by her, and took her hand in his. ' Your father,' he said, speaking in the Bame gentle, tender way, ' has been poisoned by means of bypordermic injec tion — you know what that is ?' Everil bent her head a little in token of assent. ' Not by his own hand — in that case the needle with which the deed was done would be somewhere about. I searched for if, but could not find it.' ' My God !' Everil whispered. 'trMy father — murdered ! Oh ! it can't be that ! It can't be — who could have done it ?' 'That we cannot tell at present; but the room must be locked up, and the police sent for belore anything further is done. It is a terrible position for yon. Have you any friend or relation who can act for you— -for whom you would like to send ?'» ' No one,' Everil said. ' I can send ^ ior my lather's solicitor.' ' He is in town, of course ; hut the polios must he sent for at once. I will see to that, if you will allow me to help you in this, and in any of.her way in my power.' ' You are too good, Dr. Esmond ; I couldn't encroach on you.' ' You mustn't say that. I want to help you if I can.' She gave him a look of deep gratitude, and rose. ' Let me go to him,' she said. The physician gave her another penetrating look, but he offared no remonstrance, and the girl passed into her father's room. Up till now she had not shed a tear ; bub now she suddenly flung herself down by the bed in a passion of gcief that shook her froco head to foot. For a little while Dr. Es mond waited in the dressing-room ; then ho quietly went in, and, bending down, laid his hand on her bowed head. ' Come,' he said softly, 'let me take you away. My child, you will make your B3lf ill. Come !' The girl yielded to him, and he led her once more from the room, locking the door to the dressing-room on the inside, and the outer door of the bed room on the outside. He gave the key of the last to Everil. Then, after a few parting words of kindness and sympathy, he left her. The news of Mr. Trevor's sudden and mysterious death spread like wildfire through tho village and the county, and speedily reached London ; but in Beckfield village it was regarded as a sort of judgment on the tenant of Monk's Hollow for ' tempting Providence.' Murder I Had the other deaths, then, been due to thes ame cause 1 The inquest was awaited with in tense interest ; the mystery was discussed with the greatest excitement. The police came to the house ; but examination proved that nothing had bsen stolen, though there ?was money in the dead man's pockets, and valuable ringa upon his fingers. The ser vants were all questioned— the mode of the murder wss a rt)O3t unlikely one for a servant — but. there was not a tittle of evi dence against ons of them. Dr. Esmond at this time beard from his cousin the history of Monk's Hollow. He listened with a very grave face. ' There seems to be a plan in this,' he said. ' Ghosts ? Non sense 1 Certainly there was nothing super natural in Mr. Trevor's death. He was poisoned hy a strong itij ofcion of the poison used in the old Borgia rings. You may look amozjd ; that is perhaps stranger than the supernatural. I came across a case of it in Italy — ten years ago. That was from a ring — but the poison hud lost its power, and the wound was not fetal. I bou^hf, the ling and hava it no-.v unoVr ?oc!c and key. I must get at tho root of this matter ; it, jntereBis nae mo3t deeply.' Drt Esmond &li; not ju|d tiijtfc E,veril In terested him too. He kept that part to himself. The inquest only deepened the mystery. Dr. Esmond's original statement was con firmed by the autopsy which he made, and his farther assertion that the case was one of murder was proved positively by the absence of the weapon of death, and pre sumptively by the evidence of Everil and the servants. Dr. Esmond's description of the poison employed caused an. immense sensation. It was, he said, almost instan taneous in its action, and did not produoe the usual outward signs of poison. Everil gave her evidence with wonderful firmness ; but the girl was inwardly almost dr.zad by the terrible mystery, the atmosphere of un known horrors which seemed to press upon her ; it was like groping in a thick dark ness, with a sense of hideous and noisome creatures all around you, yet seeing noth ing, finding no means of escape. Her vague dread, her ' boding fear,' were ominously justified ; but what did it all mean *? Who could have committed this series of crimes —for her father's murder was but one of a s- ries, she felt convinced — and for what motive 1 ' I will find out the truth,' the girl said, resolutely to herself, ' or I will die in seeking it.' The verdict was, of course, an open one ; none other was possible. Eiward Trevor was buried ; his will read. That will left his daughter well provided for, though not actually rich. Mr. Trevor had not been a saving man. Everyone expected that his daughter would quit the doomed house ; the servants, naturally enough, left in a body ; it would bo sheer madness to dream of staying in that accursed place. To her father's solicitor Everil spoko vaguely ; she had not decided upon anything yot, she said ; but Mr. Tennent, tho solicitor, was uneasy about her, and fipoko to Dr. Es mond. ' I verily balievo,' he said, ' that flhe intends to remain in tbnt house ; but ohe ought not ; it is a piv.po«»rrous idoa,' Is I will see what I can do,' Dr. Esmond said $ and two days after the funeral he walked up to the door of Monk's Hollow. An ellerly clarwoman opened to him. She was no«r, it appeared, the only servant in the house, and she would not remain at night. Everil Trevor had passed last night, and would this, alone in that gloomy, grue some house. The physician shuddered in wardly as he followed the woman to the room where Everil waB. She turned to meat him, a tall, black-robed figure, looking almost as ethereal as a ghost herself. He took her hand and held it, looking very grave'y into the white face. ' You mast forgive me for coming,' he said, ' but I do bo as a physician.' She lifted her clear eyes to his. ' You want to tell me,' she said, ' that I must not stay here. But here is my work. I must discover the truth about my lather's murder.' ' And yourself fall a victim/' he an swered, ?' unless you first go mad with the horror of your position — a delicate, sensi tive girl like you, alone at night in this house — it will not bear thinking of I' The girl smiled — a curious smile. ' I think no burglar will come near Monk's Hollow,' she said. ' The danger in not without, but within.' 'What do you mean, doctor? Have you ? ' ' Any theory ? No — no more than —I imagine — you can have ; but, apart from the danger to your mental life of what you propose to do, there is this physical point : a dreadful murder has been committed in this house ; and what certainty have you against a repetition of that crime — the vic tim, yourself.' Her eyes flashed. ' I will risk that,' she said, 'I know nothing; I am groping in the dark; but I feel — I know — that here, within these walls, lies the secret of my father's murder; t-nd'l will discover that FP.cn. 1 1' Dr. Efioond reasoned, persuaded, oven implored j but Eyorii was as immovable as a rook ; Eer life's purpose seemed to have inspired her with an absolute fearlessness of either actual or supernatural dangers. She was grateful to Dr. Esmond for his solicitude about her j but she held to het intention with invincible tenacity. ' It is unbearable !' he said at last ; 'ife is not to be suffered that yon do this thing. It is horrible to think of the fate yon are braving. Listen to me, child'— he had turned away and walked through the room j he came up to her now, and took her hand again — 'if you will stop in this place, don't step alone. Is there no one who can be with yon V 'Who would care to stay when they knew all that had happened here ? And if there is danger, I will brave it alone.' ' No — by Heaven, you shall not !' said Wilmot Esmond ; but it was to himself he spoke — not to her. He was in an agony of fear for her ; but she did not seem to have the least suspicion of that ; : how should she have 1 — he had known her so short a time. If he only dared tell her ! but that would be presumption, almost an outrage ; yet the man resolved that,, he would, in some way, contrive to watch over arid pro tect her. It was a daring resolve, difficult of execution ; for there was the primary necessity of guarding Everil's good name ; but it was Dr. Esmond's method to deter mine upon some course, and then consider how his intention was to be carried out. He had never yet failed in discovering the means. He had to yield now, outwardly, and took his leave ; and poor Everil, when he wap gone, felt very solitary and deserted } ber resolute spirit almost quailed 88 she thought of the coming night. If it were possible for Dr. Esmond to be in the house 1 But, of course, it was not. Before dark the charwoman went, and Everil was alone. Her apartment was near that lately occupied by her 'father. She took the precaution of locking the door when she went to bed ; but the least sound would waken her; she 'was a very light sleeper; her father slept heavily. But she did not sleep until it was daylight, and the old woman, who bad the key of a Bide door, was in the honse. She lay awake listening — listening with every strain ing sense — she knew not what she listened and watched1 for, whether mortal or un earthly shape, or anything of form at all ; she was only borno up in her frightful vigils by the conviction, which filled her with an almost exalted sense of immunity, that she would discover her father's murderer. : But that night nothing happened, nor the next, nor the next; but on the fourth night she was later going ; to bed, and longer than usual preparing herself for rest. She had locked the door when she entered the room, and removing her dress, wrapped a dressing-gown round ber, and went to the glass to brush out her long soft curls. She had stretched out her hand for the brush, bat it baited half way, arrested by a sound that seemed to freeze her blood — the sound of a key being stealthily inserted in the lock. But in all the horror of that moment ehe did not lose ber presence of mind. She turned and sprang towards the door ; but it was too late — the key within fell to the floor, the door was burst open, and an ob« ject stood on the threshold before which the girl recoiled, the cry In her throat strangled by sheer horror. Was it human at all, that dreadful creature, in grotesque likeness of an old man, with long arms, and hands like yellow slaws, and wild, un kempt grey hair, and ragged- garments hanging on its bony frame ? It mouthed and gibbered like a monkey ; its eyes gleamed with the ferocity of madness ; it chuckled hoarsely to see its victim. Everil stood petrified ; the creature — her father's murderer — meant murder; and what was her strength against that of those long, wiry arms and lithe fingers 1 A mo- ment it grinned and rejoiced in its triumph — the next it would spring. But in that frightful pause there was a swiff; light step without ; the crea ture heard it, and uttered a loud yell of terror ; out it was too late for escape. A tall figure sprang into the room, and hurled the madman to the ground and knelt on his chest, pressing the cold muzzle of a pistol to the wrinkled fore head. ' A cry or movement,' said Wilmot Esmond, sternly, 'and you are a dead man ! Devil ! Murderer !' Everil seemed for a moment to be almost paralysed, but it was only for a moment; she evidently possessed, in an eminent degree,, that rare quality of sslf-control. . 'A rope,' Dr. Esmond said quickly —I* have you a rope ?'' In her dressing roojxj was a poilof rope which hadi pn-J9 ; ;'.' -been lashed round a large travelling trunk. L ;.~ In anjnstant Everil had fetched this, and gave '; it to ner rescuer. He quickly and skilfully ? ' / - tied the arms oi the madman to his side and fastened his legs together, the wretched ... creature offering no resistance, though his eyes glared wildly. Everil, during this operation, stood leaning against the door half- dizzy. _? 'Keep silence!' Esmond said to his prisoner, as he rose, ' or I'll kill you 1' He left the man lying on the floor, and turned to Everil ; his face was ashen pale, his dark eyes burning. Without a word — perhaps he could not speak — he flung his arm ' round the gicl, and half-carried her from . ' the room, shutting the door behind him and locking it. Then for a moment — he could not help it — he pressed the trembling form to his heart and bowed his head on hers. ' My* God 1' he -; 'whispered, 'if I had not been near!' Perhaps Everil did not clearly understand what the man felt; but. even in the be wilderment of her mind the thrill of a new emotion quivered in her veins; she knew that she owed her lite to this man ; that he must in some way have gained an entrance to the house and watched over her, and, in a vague way, she comprehended the reason. Unconsciously she clung to the physician, but scarcely knew where he took her, till she found herself lying back In a low chair in a lighted room, and his soft voice was bidding her drink something which he held ? to her lips in a glass. She drank, and then closed her eyes. He sat by her, holding her hands in his. ' You saved my life !' she whispered at last, ' Who is it ? What is it?' ' I have some idea —when I can leave you I will go and speak to him.' 'And how — did you — come?' She opened her eyes suddenly and met his; something in that look made her cheeks flush, her eyes sink. He, bent down to her. ?'??' Forgive me !' he said, under his \- breath ; ' I have watched every night; I found a means to get in. I couldn't leave yoa so. I ? ' He stopped, biting his lip hard. ' You do forgive me ?' 'Forgive you— for saving my life ?' 'No— for stealing into your house at midnight and,' bis clasp tightened, he bent lower — ' for loving you.' She looked at him in a kind of wonder ment with deepening color; but she did not shrink from him, and the iufiuifce sweetness of her look filled him with a pas sionate gladness. Afraid to trust himself, \- he loosed her, and rose. ' I am going to this man,' he said, almost abruptly. ' I shall not be long gone.' A minute later he was standing over his captive, who looked up at him with a fierce scowl. ' You may a3 well confess the truth,' said Dr. Esmond ; ' you are the murderer of Mr. Irevor, and of others too.' ? ' Yes,' the other said fiercely ; ' this is my house — mine — do you hear? I am Eolt Melville — the last of an old race. I 8 wore no stranger should live in the house where eight generations of Melvilles were born and died. I have lived for years in the secret places of this house. They thought it was haunted — ha ! ha ! ha !' He laughed shrilly. 'I drove them all out — but this girl — she would not go \- - /when her father died. I could not kill her ? as I killed him — she slept ' too lightly, and there was no secret entrance to her room, as there was to hie. So I re solved at last to strangle her, and I got another key to her door. You were only just in time ? ' ' But the poison,'- Esmond said, keeping hack the horror and disgust he felt ; ' and who taught you to use it ¥' ' The man from whom I got it — in Italy —the poison of the Borgia rings, ha ! ha ! It did its work well, didn't it ?' But Esmond had heard enough ; the wretched monomaniac was evidently a sub ject for a criminal lunatic asylum rather than a victim for tbe hangman. The physician returned to Everil, who darted up to meet him with a sort of suppressed eagerness. He made her sit down again, and repeated to her the story he had heard. She shuddered convulsively as she listened ; then she broke down in passionate sobs, and that break-up of the long tension which had held her lost Esmond tbe self-command he had tried so hard to maintain. He folded the girl in his arms, hold her to his breast, soothed her with loving words and Bofr, half-paseionato kisses, and Everil jielded, clung to him, gavo him mutely all he coveted' — the right to comfort her ? the lover's righ*. The true story of Monk's Hollow wns Bomolhiag moro than a nine dnys' wonder, It was even. bettQ£—-gortainly more gruev some and terrible — than any haunting by phantoms. There was no reason to doubt that the unfortunate creature who had con trived to exist so many years without de tection, and to commit, undiscovered, a series of hideous crimes, was Eolt Melville,' though his identity could not be actually proved. He was, of course, removed to a iuuatic asylum, where he alternately raves and weeps about the old house being given over to strangers, or re-enacts the murders he has committed, and chuckles over his success. Everil had no desire to remain another day in the fateful old mansion; she let it to a company of Sisters of Charity, whose good works will, may be, wash out the bloodstains, and exorcise the evil spirit of Eolt Melville. Everil herself would scarcely have escaped a serious illness after the shock of all that had happened to her her at Monk's Hollow but for the love and tender care of Wilmot Esmond. He per suaded her to let him take her into his own keeping sooner than she would other wise have done, and in the happiness of her new life the past is beginning to grow dreamlike. But Bi:ckfiald still shakes its head over Monk's Hollow ; not even Sisters of Charity shall rob the village of its right to regard ' the house that wouldn't let ' as an accursed plac\ Who knows, say they, that, after all, Bolt Melville was a mortal being ? Some day, depend upon it, all the good Sisters would be found dead in their beds ; and for that consummation Beokfield still waits with the usual complacency of those who anticipate their neighbors' mis fortunes. Lidy ot the House — ' L'steD, cook. I am going to give a Bupper and a dance. Now jon will have to dhow what you can do, bo as to keep up the credit of my establishment.*' Cook — ' With pleasure, ma'am ; but I can only dance the wal'z and the polka. You will have to excuse me from the quadrilles.' Informers are plainly encouraged In the State of Georgia. Hero is a unique paragraph, from a rural newspaper : — ' Any person driv ing over this bridge faster than a walk shall, if a white man, be Sued five dollars, and if a negro, receive 25 lashes — half tbe penalty to be bestowed on the informer.' Heard In the Riilway-Station. — A very ob Btinate dog wta received at one of the railway parcel fffiasa in Sydney for conveyance by irain. Ii; kept trying End (vying to Igokp itself, find at InRt uicc:Mcl-!d in Hlippiu.'* its c;H--r. Having olihv.w.'d it? freedom It tbor. rushed out of tbe (,ffi;'.a door and down tfco atn'Jon nppionch with b porter iiftor It-, whn Bhoutaii a-- the top o{ hin vofae-*-' Hi j B;oj- hftt dog ; n'a u piuucl J''. 