POINTS. A eoSBEWONDEHT writes to the Toowoomh Ohramcte : . Tlio ElSyole is already a thorn in the side of horso breeders in mora ways than One. It is Simply uatoniahinc «!,„ bicycle is displacing tho horao. Yosterdavl found a pieco of rubber tiro in my saiisogo;" Fbink Fahnell says that, politioallv speaking, G. H. Reid is the ablest man in ' Au8tralitt. . - But what is thoro in boing tho tallest,' "tho hcaviost, tho oldest, or tho ablest person iu a community? A learned divine onco remarked that Ave should not want so many great men if we had < more good ones. . t Sunday School Teacher: What are tlio Bright Boy : 11 Heathens- avo people who do nob quarrol about roligioni" ' Alliteration is ulluring ; as for- instance : RDckharapton— Sin, Sweat und Sorrow Charlovilio— Sand, Smells, and Sanitation- especially Sanitation Tax Cabmen's Union are to meet the Transit Commissioners to-day to defend the strong statements thoy utter to the. Homo Secretary. Mint of the best .known oabdrivers of tlio city ask by .what authority do theso few con stitute themselves as representatives of tho whole body? Mb. GlIsset last night guvo the Minister for Rmlwuys timely warning thut if thoro was to be any junkcttiiig in connection with tlio inspection of the proposed route for the'i'ivoli branch lino ho wus going to bo in it. Vkry justly Mr. Oribb reminded tlio ex- member for Bundanba that the West Movcton members were quite capablo (if looking after the affairs of thoir own distriot l.licnisulvos. Mb. Kerb says that soino of the' railway carrisges iu use on the Central Railway are fit only for bullocks. A rSjukx by the Minister for Railways that in tills respect tilings got . worse lis yon go nortKwus repented with, approval hy Mr. Sim. " ' f But Mr. Philp quiokly nhailonged a state ment by the member for Carpentaria that the nortliern railways had to take the loaviugs of tho southern lines. When tlio Dayspring survivors were at Long Islund, Chief-officer Cnrmioliael cut fits foot badly, aud luiglit liavo bled almost to death but for tlie successful surgery of Second- engineer Cow. ' .It was stated in tho Assembly. lust night that in New South Wales there are a good many kanakas, who grow sugar oh their own , account. ' Anyone who has had his foet sunburnt whon paddling in tho surf, say ut Soutliport, will hiivo a faint idea of tho effouts of the scorching suffered hy tho Dayspring sur vivors during their bout voyage to Queens land. Engineer Gow, after the swamping and capsize of the bout, hud only ii pail- of punts and a perforated sweater, and ho is still uuablo to wear boots. Tiieoliiof officer's 'crow had to bear, not only tho sun by day, but also bitter cold at night. « The Minister for Railways, speaking in tho Assembly lust night, suirl. ho was of opinion thut tho tiino allowed for the complotion of some important, bridge contracts was too short. Bur, Mr. Philp, when time is > thus mado tho essence of tlio eontinot, aud tenderers frame. thoir prices accordingly, 'it is gulling to the utiMicccssf ill men to see the successful man greatly exceed tlie contract time, and yet not he'/ called upon to'bour tlie full penalty stipulated in tlie bond." At a. banquet. in Boston, on November 20,- 1801, Mr. William M'Kinloy was huilod asa /futiiro President of tlio Unitodi States., / William's turn hits come, notwithstand ing timt his tariff litis' been denounced as the " culiniiiuting atrocity of class legislation." / Mn. Thynne wiis not so placid as usuul yesterday. In point of. fnut ho praotically culled another man "n'rude thing." And tlio Council, figuiutivoly, prostrated itself before tlio majesty .uf-liis wratli. The Premier pointed out last night that Mr. Browiio's statement us to Cliiucso -.work ing at tlio Mulgravo t/tato-aided sugar-mill was founded un a newspaper report' wily. Sib Huoii Nelson said lio was not going .to take u uowspuper raport as sufficient evi dence to induco tho Government to bring down legislation. Labour mombers informed the Premier thut tho newspaper iii question .was u Gov ernment organ, and Mr. Cross put in a word iu season for tho voracity of the Press. Mr. Dunsfobd has/a pious aversion for . things Chinese. . He remarked . to tho Home Secretary yest terduy that lie would not allow an article of Chinuse niuiiufacturo to be seen on . his promises. But siuco it was just uftor lunch there is more than a possibility that Mr. Dutisford at timt identical moment was in possession of about u pint of Chinese tea. One oau nover bo too curoftil on points of consistency. A terriule oiicurrenne is reported from Fort Simdemiui, a military station of Baluchistan, in the Zliob Valloy. A Setoy ran iimuck, iuid before he eould ha overpowered Lieutenant It. H. M. Yeutes, of tho Itoyul Engineers, and Liuutuuant L. S. Downes, of tho Royal A rtillery, wero killed, as well h i two private soldiers. The present "Fifth of Novcmbor" is notable for tho upsetting of tlio "bunco dollar" Guy Fiiwltcs iu the United States. "All month" is one of the graceful Re- publiciiu descriptions of W. J. Bryan, re jected for tho American Presidency. Gentlemen, of tho Legislative Council .yesterday reproached ouch other l'or hair splitting. It argued a considerable amount of acute- ncss on tlio part of tlio festive councillor who could find muuli inutoriul in tliat Cliumber to operate upon. y . .. . The noting Chuiimnn of tlie Counoil, hy his announcement of tlio result of thn voices on the vote over tho Foderat.ion Bill, " I'm afraid tho non-contents luive it," oxoiteil a suspicion tliat lie was a chairman who' had feelings. " The Smith A mtrnlimi Register still break ing now. ground by." writing.'' libimt the Adelaide Hospital scandal. AVhAt. a godsand thut scaudnl has boon to tliuf'ii'ewspupor, to bo sure. Always a per- eiinialthomc ; .perpatuiilly groou, like. What a lot of oinpty noiso tlierb has been over that eleution in America ? . It now upponrs thut Bryun nover had tho ghost of a chance. They say that . tho rain which recently fell lnVictoria bus been licked up hy dry winds. - Circulation Goins Up, Advertisers will please note that the- circulation of the Tele graph is bByqnd doubt the record for any paper issuod in Queensland, The Telegraph leads, other papers follow ' We challenge comparison with any daily paper in Queensland. : ' : ; Everybody knows that advertisers get best value by' inserting thbic advertisements in the . paper- with the largost oiroulation. ' /. . "Beyond oompabison." The Telegraph has. more than double the oiroulation' of any other daily paper in Brisbane, therefore udvortisers get more thun double tlio yaluo hy advertising in it 111 preferonoo to other daily pupora. Try the oheap prepaid adyertising uolttinus. So. . special advertisement. 3.® words, one insertion, for SIXPENCE, 1® words, three insertions. ONE 3 KfLLING 