? ? CUAPTER I. A MAX WHO BELIEVED IN" LUCK Author of " The By J. D. HENNESSEY Dis-Houorable," " Wynuum kedness," &c.;, &c.; White's Wic- THE shadows of a summer evening were lengthening across one of the lower reaches of tbe Brisbane. It had b°cu an exceptionally hi^li tide, and the great stretch of water, dotted here and there with mangrove islands, lose almost level with tbe river banks. Some of the adjacent low lying lards were submerged. Tbe after glow lingered in the western sky, and its light, broken Uy the shadows of tall gnm and blood wood trees, was reflected, hers and there, ia weird patcb'-S of color upon the water. There was just — only just — breeze, enough to keep the. mosquito* quiet. On '.be south side of ih^ rivor a huge ocean steamer ill baluist l-*y anchor, the high water causing h'-r great sides to tower above the bank, ua'il pas~crs by oa the reigiiboann^ roadway might have thought that she had been stranded and was shored up upon tbe land. A coasting siearri^r bad just passed up the river, and although sh« lia-i iurned the bend and was out of sight, tbe regular throbbing of her engin.-s could ba distinctly heard in the distance. A schooner creeping past in p -rfecr silence trom f be Biy was beating up s ream, making a Img leg ; she would soon hav<i to 'go about' and make a short one, as what littlo wind there was, blew in uncertain puff* horn th« wast- Near shore, a yacht of a few tons h-id cast anchor, tbe slightest sound being audible as th« Crew m*de her snu^. This bting effected they pushed olf from the dainty little craft in a dingy. The crew numbered two m<!n and a boy ; the latter sat in tbe bows while one of the others sculled leisurely towards a landing stage runniug out a short di«tancn into the water at the foot of the garden, which belonged to a commodious and well-to-do rcsidenco. The whole scene was suggestive ol repos<». A flight of black swans high above reach of fowling pieces, moved slowly towardi their feeding ground ou the shores of Morton Bay. Not infrequently large, fiahes threw themselves mil of the 8till water in their gambols, the heavy splashes they made when falling back into the river being distinctly heard. It must have been fully a mile from shore to shore. The occupante of the dingy, however, had not far to row, and as on reaching • he j -rttv they found th« water to be within a few inches ot the plaukin* they pulled the bo*c up upon the land- ing stage, and throwing their belongin g« over their shoulders the two m«n sauntered leisurely up tb« garden walk to the house. The place presented a semi-tropical appearance. Cium -'S of graceful bananas moved their broad pendulous leaves languidly m the fittul evening breeze. Pineapples were growing luxuriantly ill the fruit garden, while noar them were Englisk apple and pear trees laden with fruit. In the matter of flowers the kindly »ir»h seemed to have become a mother, for they grew in prolusion everywkere—English and Australian and those of other laude— the very air was odorous with roses and carnations and mignonette, mingled with the perfume of tropical flowering shrubs. I hope you are in no UuTy for dinner, Hartley,' s^id ene of th» two new arrivals, as they came upon the owner of tke residence, stretched full length on a cane lounge under th« wide verandah portico. Not for half aa hour or so/ was the reply. That's right,' eaid the previous speaker, 4 it would be too bad to £0 in and leave that after glow and its reflection on the river, with uo ene to look at it. * People talk about the acenery of the Swiss lakes,' he said, loaking down the river, 4 but when you catch this part of the Brisbane river in the gloaming, with a full tide, it is one of the most romantic spots in existence. It's not grand, you knovr, but it's downright interesting. Sje, now, how it changes !' 4 Do you often get it like this, Hartley ?' as Iced the third man as, following his friend's example, he stood and gazed at the truly wonderful scene. ' I don't thiuk that I have seen it half-a-doz^n times just as it leoks tonight, and never ae beautiful as now,' replied Hartley, quietly. * But we've had it much like this, twice in four days,' said the first Speaker. * You have,' said Hartley, sitting up and dropping his legs over the side of the lounge, while he felt leisurely about in the pockets of his loose jacket for his tobacco pouch. 4 You have ; it's your luck !' 4 It's strange now,' he continued, as his two friends sat down and . got ready for a smoke, 4 some of the big* gest strokes of luck, and queerest adventures too, which have befallen men in anj part of Anstralia have happened to the newly arrived. 4 1 don't attempt to explain it,' he continued, ( but iactg show that the newer things are the more capricious ia the luck. It has repeatedly happened, for instance, that when experienced miners have failed, and after months ot heart-wearying toil !iava thrown up a 'cMm'fura duff-r, fifl'ne raw newchuui has corns along and positively stumbled into a fortune. ' I could give you instance* of such things by the score,' continued Bright Hartley, stretching hioiself c'. putting his hands intn bis trousers pockets with a self satisfied air, as he looked through a cl jud of tobacco smoke, first at the river ano then at his friends. Tt was as much as to say ' I, Bright Hartley, was one of tbe lusky cewchums.' 4 v hthat ran be in regard to MI>RHIQ,' DRA-vl^d O T ^H- 4 l.nig indivi'!u I, who, with hi* fapt elevated upon Ihe. rail of the vran«Uh, now lay back in a 1 » r, _ r <? cmn chiii'-, smoking. ' ''ining be haux-d !' saul Hartlev. fa?in, r around ; ' it has been so in business, and in the learned professions, «nd politic-', aiul in everything else. Australian luck is a thing which p i-itivdv rpvpls in surprises. Yn-i in^et with men in all positions in life in th* cilonie*. of whom, wh j n you com® to know them, you wonder how on earth th«v got to be whsre anal what th^y are It certainly was oot their Ul--n's put th«m there, so, yon see, it nju«t havf benn tlit ir luck. You h*vi* an iU;istra'ion of it in ihe very matter which you told md of last night, and I in ty say tint it is bec--tu.se I attribute i: sol-ly to your unsophisticated go >d luck that T have a leaning towards it,.' ' Go on,' said the leng m-»n, who stw i bat Hartley had more to say, and wan'«»d encouragement. 4 W-ll, I wili roak* the ap;dicition tb»».n,* continued Hartley. 'You two fellows c*me to Australia simply b«- cmse you w*>re at a loose end. After inaming «od shooting and yach'ing. and all the rest of it, over half tho world, you profess to find nothing now undnr the sun. I suppose, now, thar vou, Buchanan, would give one of your fingers to have a really ®rigin»l adventure to talk about when you get back to England, and Sir Charles here aspires to literature, and talks of writing a book. Time is no object to eith~r of you ; you want adventure, and the queer thing about it is that for a hundred years er more th« key to an adventure seems to have b»en awaiting you two English innocents down in Moreton Bsv. It's most extraordinary ! Sroaehaiu has 'tnown all about this matter fer years, without mentioning it to a creature until you two come across him, and fairly stumble into what seems to me to be one of the queerest and most mysterious affiirs in Australian history You actually discover an unpublished and hitherto unknown letter, written by Captain Cook in 1770; you unearth a mysterious aboriginal apparition, and come here to tne with ancient gold pieces in your possession, and an uncut diamond worth a king's ransom, taking the whol« thing as a regular matter of course, and half suggesting, notwithstanding the geld and diamond, that Stonebam has been trying to have you, because he is noc able to produce a photograph of Leng Tom.' f That is the lesult of our having been had before,' laughed Sir Charles Dawson ' Some of yeur colonials would fill us to the brim with absurd stories if we would let them, in the hope that they migat afterward meet with some of their nonsense in a book.' 4 I don't deny that/ said Hartley, excitedly, 4 but this is altogether different. Why, if what you have actually shown me only got ioto the hands of the newspaper men, they would cable it, ward for word, to Europe, and you would set all the scientists of Christendom by the ears. The whole thing is so extraordinary that I have hardly thought of anything else all day. You see, you have facts before you, which all allow to be stubborn things- First of all, there's the letter, which, if it is not genuine, must be accounted for in some other way. I'll swear that neither Stone- ham nor any other man down there could have written it. Then the gold pieces are certainly ancient, and the stone is genuine—I knew a diamond when I see it, even if it is ia the rough.' 4 Then do you advise us te accept Stoneham's offer ?' said Buchanan with a yawn, as though it did not matter very much which way it was. 4 Yes,' said Hartley deliberately. ' I have thought it carefully out ; it will give you fellows something new to talk about on your return to Europe—that is, if you ceme back again, for there is always a spice of danger about interior travelling anywhere ; and yon will find it the same here, although we have no big game such as you meet with in the jungles of India and Africa. If I had not to much business on hand, upon ray word, I'd feel inclined to make one of the party. Three or four months ought to do it, and then you wiil know how much truth there is in Stoneham's story.' 4 And supposing that we do not come b*ck again ?' said Sir Charles, with a smile. 4 You are neither of you married,' said Hartley, 4 and if you should happen not to return, the girls you leave behind you will soon console themselves with other men, But, what's the use of talking nonsense. It's cnW the good who die young.' The speaker was Bright Hartley, of Brisbane, Sydney, aed the B ircoo, and sundry other parts of the world in which he had pospessieu?. He was onr* of the few Australians whose lives show an almost unbroken record of success, ft was not so much his business of a general merchant as his outside speculations which had bean so singulaily fortunate. He alwavs bought in an i fold out at the light tim«. He ba 1 in turn gons into mining su®ar-uiowin^. and station property, with equal success It was a ptov- rb amon? his asquiitvanc n s that Bright Hartley's touch turned earth to geld. Men gen-rally at'riiiu^tid it to his luck, avid whih' Hartley would Itug'uingly allow thit, fee had been born under a luctv star, and was a strong b-liever in individual good fortune, he rightly claimed th*t foresight, sagacity, and secrecy had n:ueh to do with "the satisfactory resul' Hartlev was undoubtedly 8up<-rs:itinus. There were in*"n whom h* i-®e»rde:f as unlucky, and with whoui he would on uo accaunt have joined in anv business transaction, and, amoni: other sunersti'ions lift had a b li^f th* bis good luck would leave hint thf moment he m-»rrie I. 1 You K."<>. ' h" would sty, 4 a man must tell his wife, if be has one. an^ that s|»oi : s it all I'il make a bii> coup so ne day, perhaps, and then tie up everything in Gcvernm'nt debentures. and bank sh«rr>, and h<>u-'C propertv, and risk it *nd g;et married.' In the meantime, however, hs made, up for his culibacy by innumerable harmless flirtatious, some of which, by ihe way. wei-a wiih other m:n's wivrt< B'i'lV Hartley was a fitir man, rather below the average height, with blue < j ycs and tow-coloured hairas tight and round in his garments :«s is an average, middle-ag^d alderman and was conv^rs-tnt with all sorts and conditions of Australian peopl", places, and things lie knew how to manage a sugar plantation or she<-p station, ot work a gr»M mine, and had seen a bit of cit'le duffing on the Bucoo ; bui he also could tell you how Miss So-an>i- So's stays came to tm laced to tightly that she fainted at the last Government House ball. In fact, ha read the vvhol« secr«t of colon ; al life as from a book. There was nothing of any interest, b'd or good, which he had not seen or heard about ; and yet he had not a wrinkle on his brow, and could not be indued to own up to being anything over forty. That he was adventurous and speculative may be gathered from his conversation already recorded ; and it Rhonld brt said that, coming from su^h a well informed and prosperous man, the advic* he tendered had made a strong impression upon the minds of his two young friends. 4 I can't make you out,' said the senior of the two Englishmen, Sir Ohailes Dawson, who, with his friend and travelling companion, Captain Buchanan, were the ' innocents' Hartley had referred to. ' As a matter jf fact, you are as hard-headed as anyone I have rant with, and vet in this a flair vou appear to be most credulous Yon can not, surely, believe the whole of this most extraordinary story of Stoneham's to be gospel ?' 4 Come and M us hive dinner, and after that, I will talk to you,' said Hartley. CHAPTER CA.PTAIN COOKS II. LETTER Dinner at the Bungalow, as Hartley had modestly nanaed his commodious bacholor residency was an important function, and it was an hour and a half afterward when the verandah chairs were again occupied, and the conversation resumed. ' My special difficulty with this matter,' said Sir Charles, laughing, ' is this ancient blackfellow. I thought that Australia was much too new for anything in the shape of buperititious lore. One expects when ce the Rhine } or anywhere else in Europe, to mee t with lusty old goblins, and banshees, and wraiths, and geodness knows what; but to have a hoary old demon down in Moreton Biy, dating back to the time of Captain Cook, is eneugh to take one's breath away. Look here, Buchanan,' he said, placing bis muscular white hand upon the shoulder o f the captain, a tall, gentlemanly man of four- and-twenty, 1 vre'll have to take Hartley's yacht and run down to Stoneham'r, and get him to introduc« us to ' Long Tom ' acd the 4 Fishers of Moreton Bay !' ' ' You might not wish to g® a second time,' laughed Hartley. « Well, I don't want to deubt the evidence of iny sense*. Old gold coins and a genuine diamond are very tangible witaesses; but to have them mysteriously connected with a jolly old ghost with a phantom c*noe, supposed to be seen cruising about Moreton Bay, is a pretty big thing for an agnostic like myself to swallow. But iet us have another look at the letter' The three men went inside at this, and Sir Charles lifted an ancient looking document up to the light. ' Ah T he said, ' There's a 1767 watermark upea the paper, That fjynr* the letter mat ravors tne letter, being genuine ; but without questioning the facts, they may all be attributed to natural causes Cook was no doubi deceived. Singular disappearances of vessels through the sudden rising of mists, etc., are by no means uncommon at sea, and why not in the Bay. But read it out aloud for us, Euchanan, and then we can discuss it further outside. (To be continued.) 