NEWS FROM ALL SOURCES.! The Chinese National Anthem is so long that people take half a day to listen to it. The election of President of the United States will take place on 3rd November next. The total membership of the Boys' Brigade, for the United Kingdom is 35,000 lads, with 2800 officers. The library of the late zoologist. Karl Vogt, of Geneva, has been bought by the Senkenburg Museum, in Frankfort, for 35,000 marks. Iowa, almost from the date of its admission, has been called the "Hawkeye State." Hawkeye was the name of a noted Indian chief. The fern is indicative of fascination. In Saxony the present by a lover to his sweetheart of a handful of ferns is equivalent to a proposal. Strange noises on a lightship at New Haven, Connecticut, started the rumor that there was a ghost aboard the vessel, and the crew have deserted. Kentucky is said to have been the first State in the Union to grant school suffrage to women In 1845. Kansas followed in 1S61. To-day the women of 21 States have this privilege. A fresh inscription has just been discovered at Delphi, giving circumstan- •al details concerning the method of training the various competitors at the ancient Olympic games. The Duke of Orleans, head of the House of Bourbon, and. therefore, Pretender to the Throne of France, has been betrothed to a daughter of the Archduke Joseph of Austria. New York "Tribune" says that a proposed Arbitration Treaty between Great Britain and the United States will within a few days be submitted to Congress. We hope the statement will turn out to be true. The vital principle is strongest in the common tortoise. One of these animals has lived for six months after the re- moval of its brain, and the severed head has shown signs of life three days after being cut off. There are doors in some old houses in Holland which were in forfner days never used except for weddings and funerals. After the bride and groom had passed, the door was nailed up to await the next occasion. The editor of the "Tribune," the leading Republican organ. is reported as saying, after a thr'ee hours' talk with Mr M'Kinley, "Neither silver nor gold is the main issue; the battle will be fought on the tariff."' Potatoes seem to have originated in Peru. For a long time this now universal vegetable was a delicacy enjoyed only by the wealthy. Even at the beginning of the seventeenth century noblemen paid 2s a pound for potatoes, and seasoned them with sherry. The Great Seal of England is a silver pair of dies, which are closed to receive the melted mass, poured, when an impression is to be taken, through an orifice left in the top. Tiie impression of the seal is six inches in diameter and three-auarters of an inch thick. The most expensive trousseau on record is that of the late Empress of China, whose marriage took place a •few years ago. The trousseau cost over a million pounds, one-third of the money coming from the Imperial revenue. the rest from the Empire. There are in England from 80,000 to 90,000 barmaids. Over 1.000 in London are daughters of gentlemen—100 have fathers, brothers, or uncles in the Church. 200 are daughters of army officers, 200 daughters of physicians and surgeons, 100 daughter^of navy officers.. Instructions have just been received from the Japanese Government which will have the effect, almost at once, of placing in the hands of English manufacturers and shipbuilders a further large quantity of work. The sum to be expended, it is said, will not be less than four million sterling. The French navy Ls going to make experiments with torpedo boats built of aluminium or of an alloy of another metal and aluminium. The hulls are of weak sheet-iron. If the experiments succeed, St is very likely that larger French war vessels also will be built of the materials in question. Agricultural Rating Bill, alias the Landlords' Relief Bill, which caused such excited scenes in the House of Commons, has had an apparently quick and easy passage through the House of Lords. This is the first important measure for which the present Government lias succeeded in obtaining the endorsement of Parliament. In Prussia the light railways, or "Kleinbahnen,"' number 37, with a total mileage of about 480 miles. Of these the German Government says: "In general the light railways appear to be well adapted to the development and improvement of agriculture and forestry and their accessories, particu larly to opening up new markets and facilitating the carriage to and fro of manure and raw produce over a considerable area of country." The story is being constantly told in Russia of the answer given to the Emperor when his Ma jesty proposed to his future wife. "The Emperor, my father, has commanded me to make you the offer of my hand and heart," was the Czarewitch's quaint way of putting it. "And my grandmother, the Queen." replied the lady, "has commanded me to accept the offer of your hand; your heart I will take myself." It is said, and on good authority, that the Emperor is passionately devoted to his wife, and that she is equally fond of him. Certainly (says a lady's paper) she is a woman calculated to make any amiable man happy. Here is a grim story from the "Daily Telegraph's" Paris letter:—A month since three men met chance in a cafe on the Avenue de Versailles, and had a game of cards. One of them was journalist, who had been an unsuccessful candidate at the municipal elections in the district; another was a Government official; and the third was a commission agent, tolerably well known in the neighborhood. The Government man was the winner of nearly every game, and as the trio stood up to separate the lucky player was addressed as follows by the commission agent: "I am glad to know you, and I hope that we shall meet again." The utterer of this sentence was Aubert (who is charged with the trunk murder) and the person whom he was so anxious to see again was M. Deibler, the executioner, who lives not far from the Avenue de Versailles. Durand, the hanging man of Paris, has been cut down after thirteen days on his mock gibbet. The "Telegraph 1 correspondent says that when released Durand rested for some time, and imbibed with great relish a few drops of the special elixir which he carries about with him. The rope was cut, and the bits were distributed among some of the frequenters of the music hall wherein the imitation gallows was erected. Durand had thirty- seven hours out of the halter during the thirteen days,and he says that he ravaged' to get a little sleep while dancing from the beam. He next intend to have himself buried for a certain period, but proposes, beforehand to visit his wife and children, who are in his native Marseilles eagerly awaiting his arrival and his "hanging pay." 