STRAY THOUGHTS. I As continued health is vastly preferable to the happiest recovery from illness, so Ib innocence superior to the .truest repentanoe. Love, is good, and does good wondronsly without thinking about it, and without knowing it. Love does good by deeds and words, and without deeds and words—by touches, by looks, by glances. It is not what men doubt, but what they believe with mind and might, the faiths they assimilate and reproduce in conduct and character, that save them from sin and make them Btrong to do and endure. People often eulogise praotioe when they mean only routine, boasting themselves as practical iteachers, intending thereby that they do only what has always been.done, and do not mean to do any better to-morrow than they did yesterday. The man who intelligently thinks and acta for himself will respect the sams characteristic in others; and will extend the same hospitality and sympathy of thought and. word that he desires for himself; whereas mere similarity, formed by a weak imitation, affords no mere cohereqpe than do grains of sand in the same vessel. Patience says " Be not aghast ; Hold hope and truth within theo fast, And let Fortune work forth hor rage.” The one gift to give to children is the power of self-control. Give them the habit of it and the knowledge to understand when they Bhotild take themselves in hand. : That is worth a fortune in Itself, and ia far better than the "machine dri.'l" of enforced obedience. The child that is restrained by orders only will be anre to fly back, like a released spring, as soon as the pressure is removed,. Let it be taught to appeal to itself, to judge for Itself in little matters of the nursery, or in matters of dispute with others. When we feel with another, wt shall be keen to deteot tho oanses of his joy and pain, and quiok to promote the one and turn aside the other. Men and women, to lead worthy lives, mast have a just respect for others. What ever tends to realise and to strengthen these promotes human welfare. Praotioe and theory mast go together. Theory withont praotioe to test it, to verify it, to oorreot it, is idle speculation; bat praotioe withont theory to animate it is mere meohanisni. In every art and business theory is the sonl and praotioe the body. The son! withont the body in' which to dwell is indeed only a ghost, bat the body withont a soul is only a corpse. Many things lightly oiaim our atten tion ; but none of them will receive it aright if our thoughts wander aimlessly from one te another withont a guide. Tho parent who discovers that he may ! rightly yield to the tenderness he feels for hia child is in some danger of forgetting the paramount doty of training him to forti tude and endurance. What soothes suffering, what sanotifies labour, what makes a man good, strong, w1b9, patient, benevolent, jut and at the ■ame time humble and great, worthy of liberty, is to have before him the perpetual vision of a better world casting its rays through the darkness of this life. ■ . Hone are truly happy but those who are busy; for real happiness lies only in naeful work of some kind, either of the hand or the head, 10 long aa over- exertion of either is avoided. It should b6 the aim of every one to bo employed. If all men and women were kept at. some usefal employment, there would be leu aorrow and wiokedness in the world. Life oonalatB, not in the abnndanoe of things that we possess, bnt in the good and honest work that we do. The habit of concentration does not neoessarily make a person so absorbed in one thing as to beoome narrow and one sided, He may beoome so by yielding wholly to a native impulse of dwelling on one thing t bnt the same self-oontrol that concentrates hia energies at will can also divert them at will into another channel when the proper times arrives. ■ , Thing said is said, and forth it goeth, . Though thou repeat it, or be loth. < Eiijoy life while yon can, bnt he ever ready-td work when called upon. Here is a danger-signal against the mistake which some piople .make who regard enjoyment as the object of life and work as an un fortunate ' accident. Whoever can woik with the beet heart, zeal, and1 industry can, as a role, play with the moat pleasure. ■The.consciossncss of duty negleoted will oast a veil over the brightest enjoyment. In the aotnal praotioe of daily life yon will: find that wherever there Is secreoy, there Is either guilt or danger,' It Is not pouible bnt, that there should be things needed to be kept secret; hut the dignity and safety of human life are in the precise measure of its frankness. There ia ho fear for any child who is frank with hit father and mother; none for men or woman who are frank with God, . 