Christmas Bag, 1890. A YARN THE EARLY DAYS. [FOR THE CLIPPER.] Tell you a barman's story, and spin it right out in rhyme, A tale of before the seventies, brave deeds of olden time, When squatters owned their stations, and weren't owned by banks ; Before they bored for water, and there were no Gov'ment tanks. When pets were made of rabbits, and the " great gray plains" were wide. And you wouldn't see three fences the longest day you'd ride ; When blacks were camped in hundreds in the river bend where now There's only one poor gunyah, three gins, and a half-caste Chow ; When rations cost, for carting, over fifty pounds a load To stations up near Bathurst, and were four months on the road ; When Dubbo was considered a "blank of a way" out back, And there wasn't any railway, and hardly any truck : When spuds were scarce us oysters, or as eels in north-west creeks, And men oft had to live on crows or kan- garoo for weeks ; When water from two rivers mingled on the Old Man Plain, It's safe to bet we'll never see a 70 flood again. Shall I tell of overlanding, of midnight, mad stampede ? The rush of startled bullocks disturbed by a phantom steed ? Of when the epears were flying thick, and Curly Tom lay dead, And niggers in the mulga were getting a taste of lead ? Or the yarn of Haunted Shanty, tbe ghost of Blazing Stump ? A fable about the Bunyip, with head like camel's hump. And a roar that shook the sandhills, aud teeth like tiger shark, Who slept in the reeds till sundown, and came forth after dark To steal the black man's children, and some of the black man's gins, And bear them off to swamp holes because of their father's sins ? Or siug of lucky diggers, the fight at the old Stockade — Of Lambing Flat, where whites on the Chinamen made a raid, A tale of Golden Gully, the rushes of later date ? You've heard of Dyson's "Old Whim Horse," of Lawson's Father's Mate," You know the goldfield stones, how payable dirt was struck By Doyle of Golden Shanty ; the lies of " Chinaman's Luck." Ah ! strange things used to happen, as they do in novels now, When "Fizzer" mobs disputed Riverine with Jacky Dow. But here's a shearer's story, a true tale told in rhyme. Of one who "crossed the river" in the height of shearing time. • • • I'd a mate, now don't smile, his name wasn't Bill ; We called him Dave Black— one who did no man ill Bar himself. For a friend may you ne'er have worse Is the best I can wish ; but drink was his curse. We lived on the Snowy, and Dave was dead gone On a girl there, as fresh on the rosy morn. With a voice just as sweot as the bell bird's ring, Her eyes like the luminous depths of a spring ; And her laugh like the lyre-bird's silvery call, As he sports in the sun by the waterfall, And warbles, in wonderful musical trills, His joy to the echoing gullies and hills. Her hands, they were brown, but her neck was as white As the snowdrift upon Kosciusko's height. A Monaro belle, who could run or could ride Full speed down the boulder-strewn steep mountain side. And dance with an easy and strong supple grace That turned all our heads — or could ride in a race. And Dave she had promised to wed in a year, If only from drink he would keep himself And try ! — don't I know how he tried to eschew The curse ; but he failed ; then he promised anew, And failed yet again and again, as of old, Till Katie grew sad, and distrustful, and cold ; Aud I couldn't blame her, though oft I'd defend, Aud beg for another small chance Cor my friend. Then the shearing time came, aud Davie and I Set off for the sheds without saying good- bye— We both had a reason for not going near The girl that we loved. So we started to shear. The pace was quite merry, the ringer was tough, And turned out his sheep shorn most fear- fully rough ; The tallies climbed up as the days length- ened out. The boss was half blind and uncommonly stout, He sat on a stool at the end of the shed. And cursed at the tally-board hung o'er his bead: For shearers don't worry to keep near the skin, What time they can't hear through the tumult and din, The creak of the overseer's well-polished boots Or whispered injunction, " Keep nearer the roots ! The last week we had a great " Waterloo day " In clean pointed ewes (as the boss was away. And did not get back until late in the night, When even man's work had been entered alright In the big station books by the chap from the store. Who failed to perceive that the shorn sheep had more Good wool on their backs than the shears had clipped off, For which you may bet, he was voted a toff ;) But all this has little to do with my tale ; Just at the last "smoko" that day, by the mail Came a lette to Dave—bad news I could see, for he gasped as with pain, and would not tell me Or others the trouble ; he seemed not to hear My question, and silently stalled to shear. And how that man worked ! 'Mid the rattle rush I heard his deep breathing ; his face was aflush, He spoke not a word, but for more than an hour He toiled with the frenzied, unatural power Of giant possessed—when I spoke he just frowned, And faster and faster toiled on, till around On tho board a rumor got started and spread Like fire in dry grass by the summer wind sped That Davie was setting the riuger a go— In fact he had passed him by five sheep or so. I was not surprised at the pace, for, I knew Quite well what my matey, when trying, could do; His glowering silence and manner so queer, I could not understand. Then horrible fear Sent my heart to my throat, as hurrying boys Stood aghast white aud still, and hushed was the noise As a shriek rang out; then a sickening fall, And a man's limp body rolled down by the wall. Confusion and hasting and questioning men, The sheep but half shorn bundled back in the pen ; We gathered around the prone form of poor Dave, He'd gone far beyond mortal efforts to save. With the bows to the wall, and blades open wide He'd kept the points straight, fallen 'gainst them—and died. And stained with a dark crimion stain was the fleece That lay by his side. "May his soul rest in peace." I found the girl's letter, and read it , 'twas short And civil enough, but 'twas cruel, I thought Just then. She quite formally hoped we were well, Then rushed to her subject, impulsive, pell mell, "'m sorry I promised," 'twas thus the words ran, " As I find that I love a steadier man ; To him, if he asks, I'll he faithful and true. But, whether or not, I can ne'er marry you ; 'Tis better by far that you let me take back The promise I gave you — good bve, Mr. Black." • • • Dave was buried on Kureena down by the long lagoon, Where river gums were gleaming white be- neath the silvery moon , Now we didn't plant a wattle, we rummaged round the shed And gathered all the sbeepshears and piled them at his bead To mark the place he's sleeping ; as a monu- ment it's rare, But serves to show the stranger that a ringer's resting there. Of course you've beard tbe story, but the versions told to you By tbe whalers on the river aren't always strictly true ; They pitch a lot of fairy tales about the way he died— Says he couldn't pass the ringer, so made it suicide— But I'm tHe only mate he ever had, so ought to know. Excuse me, lads,... the story...stirs old recol- lections so. • • • Remember this my sonny, since the days of wayward youth. I've never beard of fiction as strange as the simple truth. Tas. JOHN DRAYMAN. Fa.tu.eb Martial Mart is b. genial character who redeems the midland dis tricts from hopeless melancholia, and his appearance at wayside hamlets is a vigorously welcomed as a glonm of sun shine on a West Coast winter's day Formerly one of Ihe Pope's Zoiiaves, his long residence as a priest in {Tasmania bas entirely eliminated from bis perso nality any military characteristics he may have possessed away back in the long ngo. Today he is the most cheer fully boyish individual imaginable, and as good as they make 'em when a kind action can beunnstentationEly performed. An accomplished linguist as far as most . European languagesare concerned, he has never been able lo thoroughly master English, while the iptrioaeies and idioms of Anglo-Australian bullock- drivereee fairly tie him ina BOre&mingly; to&ny; knot of puzzled little Frenchman. It is shrewdly suspected that Father Mary doesn't try very hard to improve his English, for he is keen enough to tiotice that the queer boulrersement of hie ox. pressions is a source of harmless ana, un mitigated ainuBement to his parishioners and he wouldn't spoil a joke for^che world. The other Sunday he 'wag chirp ing a few simple remarks to Ifis coaif e- gation.-e.ud recounted tho Stfcry of* an old time meeting beld :-tp nominate a bishop, and of the choiOe^niving been finally settled by & \- fcaby art lessly prattliug, ' So-and-so will be bishop. ' Zat,' said Father Mary, ' was taken as an aifrrrliieiittnt from Heaven, so zey mado So-and-so tbe bishop alright onuff. ' Afterwards, when an irreverent sporting 7'asuianian (suggested that So and-somightbave squared the youngster, Father Mary is said to have nearly had a fit of apoplexy, and unclerically poking the jokist in the ribs, ejaculated, while' tears of laughter ran down his boarded face, ' Oui, on/, you mean z«t ho did givo zat enfant ze shop — I menu 7* offim !' Com tan v proposed in Melbourne to manufacture cotton goods. It is not pre- ended that Melbourne can compete with Lancashire in the cotton trade, eo a hi-ih protective tariff io au nbviouE necessity, which meaue that nil Vic torians are to pay a higher price for their shii'.'s aud things iu older that, a few Victorians shall liavo tho privilege of toi ing ina dusty factory.. Hut some how too investing public don't rush the good thing. ? . ? . ?. : . „ 