TOWN TALK Tho following news matter appears on I the fourth page of this issue:—Commer cial, The "Weekly Half-lioliday Movc« ment, Mining in Gippsland, Opals, The Lormer Charges, Uaunockhurn Shire Council, The Electrophone, The Pope and Mr John Dillon. Mr Higgins has given notice in the Assembly to ask the Premier whether it is intended to take proper proceedings shortly to test the rulings of the Commis sioner of Income Tax (1) that the capital amount of a legacy received in any yeur is to be treated as income of that year. 2. That private manufacturers arc not to bo allowed to make, a deduction for depre ciation or for wear and tear, although companies are so allowed.. A vexatious delay took place yesterday in the discharge of the cargo of coal brought from Newcastle to Geelong by tbe steamer Barrier. Notice bud been given to tlio Itailwav department for trucks to bo ready on the railway pier at 9 a.m. to receive the coal. About GO trucks were required, but only 15 could ho pro cured, and for nearly four hours the wharf laborers were kept idly waiting about, until an additional supply of vehicles was obtained from Melbourne and other places. The fault, however, is not solely duo to the Railway department, for it is claimed that reasonable notice should be given of the number of trucks required at a particular time. Rain fell yesterday afternoon and | during hist evening, but it was not sufficient to relieve the muggincss of the atmosphere, which was extremely oppres sive. There was a steady shower in the afternoon at Bannookburn, and between the Native Creek and Teesdalc tbe rain enrno down like d deluge, causing some damage to the road. In other parts of tbo district, however, it was very slight. The shops will close as usual for the Wednesday half-holiday at one o'clock this afternoon. The total quantity ot water stored in I the reservoirs for the supply of Geelong and suburbs, on Saturday last, amounted to 253,475,000 gallons, viz.: Upper re servoir (Stauoy Creek), 156,300,0001 gallons; lower reservoir (Anakie), 91,S62,000 gallons; Lovely Bauks re servoir, 5,250,000 gallons. The rainfall in the Geelong watershed district last week amounted to only throe points of an inch, that slight fall being registered at the Aniline reservoir. About SO men arc now actively en gaged in laying a water main from the Lovely Banks reservoir to the Freezing Company's works at the North ' Shore. The pipo has been laid as far as the south road skirting the Melbourne railway line east of the Corio Shire Hotel. It is ex pected that in the event of a'eontinuance of lino weather the laying of the pipe will be completed by the end of the present month. Last evening, at the meeting of the Market and Gardens committee of the Geelong Town Council, it was docidod to call upon Mr John Raddenburry, tho curator of pai'ks and gardens, to send iti. his resignation on the ground that Mr, Raddenbcrry is of advanced ago and that tlio Government subsidy had been with drawn. The meeting also decided to recommend the council to vote a retiring allowance to Mr Raddenberry. The committee also drew up an estimate of expenditure in connection with tlio parks and gardens for the ensuing 12 months, when it was decided to recommend an expenditure of £1100, being a reduction of about £400 as compared with 'last year's vote. The steam collier Barrier, after a lengthened absence from this port, again visited Corio Bay yesterday, when she arrived direct from Newcastio with nearly 3000 tons of coal. The vessel, which is still under the command of Captain P. Barry, will discharge at this port about 1000 tons of coal. The Barrier left Newcastle for Geelong and Melbourne at 12.50 p.m. on Saturday, Sth inst., rounded Gabo Island at 0.20 p.m. on the 0th, Wilson's Promontory at 2.20 p.m. on tho 10th, entered Port Phillip Heads at 1.54 a.m. on the 11th, and arrived alongside the railway pier in Corio Bay at 7.20 a.m. the same day. Modorate to light north-east winds and hazy weather were experienced in tho trip round tho coast. An illegitimate iufaut named Henry Gordon Shaw, who had been left oil tho hands of u married woman named Louisa Oakley, was brought before tho Bench at the police court yesterday on the charge of being neglected. Evidence was given by Mrs Oakley, who is registered under the Infant Life Protection Act, that the child was left iu licr charge on tho 0th September last, the mother arranging to pay os per week towards the maintenance of the child. The payments had been kept up for u time, but they were now in arrears to tho amount of £3. She did not know what bad become of the mother, who had left her situation a fortnight ago. At the suggestion of Sergeant M'Groal the ease was adjourned to the 15th inst. to enablo the police to make inquiries regarding the whereabouts of tho mother, against whom a summons is to he issued. The police will also take steps to bring the putative father before the court in the event of his name being disclosed by the mother of tho child. The foregoing case having been disposed of, another young woman appeared before tho Bench with a child in her arms, and requested that a warrant should bo issued for tho arrest of the father. She stated that she had given birth to the infant at tho Female Refuge, and hnd no means of supporting it. The warrant was issued as desired, and executed later in the day. A garnishee ease, which is understood to involve some knotty points of law, was brought under (he notice of the Bench at tho police court yesterday. The complainant, John Doudc, applied for the attachment of £8 Is in llie hands of Michael IColly, to satisfy a debt, due to him by "Walter Hugliaii. The garnishee, however, avers that Mr Chas. Soiumcrs lias a prior claim to the money, and tlio hitler was called upon to stato tho parti culars of his claim. At tho request of Mr T. N, Whyte, who appeared for Mr Sommers, the case was sot down for hearing by the police magistrate on the 15th inst., this course being agreed to by Mr Bowman, who appeared for the garnishee. The application by Thomas Hillard for a marine stores collector's license, was granted. Tho Governor's yacht Sunbeam, it is found, cannot roach Qeeloug till noon to day, consequently, tho vessel will not he open for inspection until two o'clock, and visitors will ho received till six o'clock. To-morrow, however, tho hours alroady advorf;ined, viz., from ten to one and from two to six, will be adhered to. A special meeting of tho members of the Geelong West borough council was held last evening in the council chambers for the purpose of rescinding a motion carried at a meeting held on tho 23rd December, 1895, and accepting tho tender of S. T. Tanner for lighting and maintain ing 43 kerosene lumjis at the rate of 4s r 81d per lamp per month. The mayor j gave notice of motion for tho rescinding ! of the resolution, but when it came 011 j for consideration last evening tho majo- j rity of tho councillors expressed the opinion that were the proposed action | curried out it would bo unfair to tho contractor, and therefore the motion was 1 withdrawn. Two tenders were received | for kerbing and channelling in M'Dou- j gall-street, and that of W. Moodcy, at ill'J.I 3s, was accepted, an amendment that It. Burr's, at £2-1 17s, he accepted being lost by one vote. Owing to indis position the mayor hud to retire early, but all the other councillors were pro- 1 sent. Tho Ceres bridge question, which has been a fruitful source of discussion at the meetings of the Barrabool and Buunock buru shire councils, again claimed tho attention of tlie latter body yesterday afternoon. An ultimatum was received from the Barrabool council in the shape of a formal notice of its intention to go on with the rebuilding of the bridge, and it was urged that the Bannockburn shire should join amicably in the undertaking instead of being made to do so compul sorily. A petition was also received from residents of the shire, including 2S of the ratepayers of the East riding, in support of the proposal, and it was agreed that a meeting of the ratepayers should bo called in order that the council might have an expression of their opinion on the matter. Prompt action was taken by a resident of Deans Marsh named Edward Wills, to nullify the effects of a snake bite. Wills, who is 23 years of age, was sotting traps for rabbits about dusk on Monday oven* ing, when he was bitten on the little linger of the left hand by a liger snake about live feet long. The victim secured a tomahawk aud immediately chopped off the first joint of the injured digit. At four o'clock yesterday morning Wills attended at the Geelong Hospital, where he received medical attention. Two casualties of a trivial character were also treated at the hospital later in the day. The members of the Geelong West Fire Brigade who are to represent the brigade in the Bcprescntativo Fours at the demonstration to bo bold at Ballarat dnring the early part of next month, are now in active training for the event. If a team can be secured tlio brigade will also bo represented in the bose practice for 3ix men. Two trips will be made to-day to the Cliflon Springs by the paddle steamor Bollarine, which has been chartered to convey the lawyers' picnic party from Goolong. The vessel will leave the Moorabool-strcct wharf at 9 a.m. and 0.30 p.m., returning from the Drysdale jetty at 10.30 a.m. and 7 p.m. The general public will be conveyed to the Springs on each trip at a return fare of 2s, and children Is. A prosecution lias been instituted by tho Itokewood police against a farmer named George Barby, a resident of the Itokewood district, for having harbored two absconding reformatory school girls. It is alleged that tho females referred to rnado their escape from the Brookside lteformatory at Capo Clear, in the Ballarat district, and made their way to Itoke wood. Calling at tho farm house of Mr Barby they induced the agriculturist to give them shelter for tbo night. One of them left for Geelong on the following morning, but the other, it is asserted, was harbored for a period of eight days, and the police were put to considerable trouble in finding the runaways. Probates of tlie wills of the following are now awaiting delivery at tho office of tho chief clerk of courts in Gheringlmp strect, viz.: George. Padget, Into of Barramunga, wool elassorPatrick Ilcaly, late of Geelong, laborer; Ilenry Favurgcr, late of Geelong, vigncron. Letters of administration in the estate of the late Mr Alex. Itcid, late of East Geelong, also await delivery at the office of tho clerk of courts,, iu Ghcringkup street. ' The thveo children of -.1 man nauiod Blair,' who wus recently scut to gaoL tor j three 'mouths for being illegally 011 tlio premises of the manager of the London Chartered Hank, were taken to the lockup yesterday afternoon hy Constable Laui Iiiw and detained until their mother came for them iu the evening. They were found wandering about Chilwcll, anu it transpired that they had lost themselves whilst their mother was shifting from 0110 house to another. The whereabouts of Mrs Blair could not be discovered tor some hours, but, late at night, when arrangements were being made by benior constable Smith to provide thorn with food and shelter, tlio mother called at tho watchhouse aud took the children away with her. Mr Patterson, police magistrate, hold a revision court at Drysdnlo yesterday forenoon, when the lists for the Bellanno, Moolap, and Paywit divisions of the Barwou electoral district iu .connection with the Legislative Assembly were revised. A large, number of names on tho electoral rolls were struck ott lor various reasons. The journeymen bakers with their wives and families, proceeded yesterday to Torquay and spent a very enjoyable time at tho seaside, the change from tho close atmosphere of tho bakehouso being thoroughly appreciated by tho trades people to whom the public looks ior ike daily delivery of the staff of life, " he picnickers were conveyed to the seaside in vans and drags, and tho journey both ways was tuadc without any mishap. At tiie Drysdale police court yesterday an application by Mr Win. Cox. of Portarlimrton, for a carrier's license was granted. ~ A case in which our correspon dent lias failed to give the liauio^ of the complainant, was brought against Mr Phillips, a district resident for neglecting to construct a dividing fence. The j coivtpljiiiiunt gjive evidence to tho cft'oct that lie owned the land which tlio defendant occupied and refused to fence or to leave. The magistrates, Mr Patter son, P.M.. Dr. Pacey, and Mr Pdk. Willey, J's.P., decided that the case was i one of ejectment aud should be hoard in another court. They dismissed the suit i with £2 2s cost to the defendant. _ A ! representative of the Hugo "Wevtheiiu i Sewing Machine Company _ proceeded ■ against a resident of tho district for tho recovery of money for the use and hire of a sowing machine. Owing to the non production of written authority for tiie | representative to appear for tlio company J the case was struck ant. Pinal arrangements in connection with | tlui Butchers' excursion to 13allarat wore, | made at a meeting held last evening. | Two trains will leave tlio Oeelong railway ' still ion this morning, viz., at 7.20 a.111. and 7.10 a.111. and return from the goldiields city at S and 0 o cluck p.ui. respectively. There lias been an exten sive sale of tickets, and it is, anticipated that a large number of peoplo will travel by tlio trains which will stop at North Geclong, Gheriiighap and Leigh Road, both going and returning. A lilperal programme of sports is to he negotiated at "the gardens during tho day, and altogether a pleasant outing may bo looked for. A man named Michael Batterfieid wag arrested yesterday by the Teraug police on a charge of having stolen a buggy vu<* and several hugay aprons from premises at tho roar of the Commercial Hotel at Terang. A black snake of large proportions, nnd said to measure -lft Gin in length, was killed yesterday afternoon near the New town quarries, and oloso to tho bank of the Barwon river hy Mr Jas. Hcagiioy. Tho reptile was afterwards conveyed to and exhibited outside the Pernery Hotel at Newtown. A youth named Thomas Davis, 19 years of age, was arrested 011 warrant yesterday afternoon by Constable Laidlaw and, lodged in the lockup 011 a charge of deserting tlio illegitimate child of Mary Alp. He was hai\ed out during the evening by Mr P. Smyth, J.P., and will appear at the police conn this mornitj". His friends complain that the issue of°u warrant was unnecessary extreme, as the accused is in eaxitunt employment and could have been brought up just as surely oil summons. "Writing about a Gcclong boy, the " "West Australian B#Viow " says: " feature of Saturday's cricket match was the admirable wicket-keeping of youim M'Cormick, whose liamo should be one of tiie lirst written down on the list of the Coolgardie eleven to travel. The small score of sundries in the liulding of the team was largely due to smart work at the sticks. His style is not soeciallv taking, but his hands are quick and hp gets there just the same." The Geclong municipal representatives who intend proceeding to Ballarat on Friday, 2Sth inst., to play the return ciicket match, may anticipate a "ond welcome. Directly it was intimated that tlio Gcclong councillors would visit tho goldticlds city 011 the date named, steps were taken by the Ballarat city and town councillors to complete arrangements for the reception and entertainment of the seaside municipal wioldcrs of the willow. Mr George Raison, farmer, of South Wangaratta, while walking in his garden at 9 o'clock on Saturday night was bitten 011 tho ankle by a snake, which lie evi dently trod upon. He felt the stiug and kicked the reptile away. A ligature was at once bouud round the leg, and a neighbor drove the injured man into Wangaratta, where Dr CuIIinan com menced to treat him witli strychnine 10 minutes after tho bite. Great difficulty was experienced in keeping the patient awake, and be suffered excruciating puin. He commenced to recover in about six hours, and is now out of danger, although his leg is yet numb. The snake's fangs penetrated a woollen sock t hat liaison was wearing, but two punctures were plainly visible 011 the ankle. Tlio " Age " correspondent tlt ^Roches ter writes For several evenings an apparition has been observed flittim* about at the back of tho railway station! Residents of a nervous disposition have been greatly exercised in their minds over the advcr.t of the ' spook,' which has come iii close contact with after dark pedestrians on several occasions. The ' spook' is described by those who have seen it at close quarters as resembling a tall woman in black, who approaches wayfarers as though about to address tliem, then, without a moment's warnin" diverges in an opposite direction an apparition in white. The police incline to the belief that the ' ghost' who is exceedingly fleet of foot, is tho author of many acts of pilfering that have been rc> ported to them lately, and is a man in woman's clothing. A tragedy was narrowly averted on Sunday night, and more by chance than otherwise, for the apparition was once moro abroad, and being observed by Mr T. Moore, arespect ablc resident of tho locality, he procured a gun and took a pot shot at the intruder, but, as far as can bo learned, without serious effect." On Monday afternoon a preliminary meeting of the Homeward Bouud Com t pany, at Elaine, was held in Ballarat. Referring to the company's property Mr A. Bell, tho chairman, explained that Messrs Dunlop and party had worked the ground for some years, but at length the country had tallen into tho hands of a company, which had agreed to give the original owners a certain sum in con sideration of their interest in the ground. That proposal had however fallen ! through, and it was proposed to divide the shares according to the actual interest of each individual in the company. The chairman explained to tlio meeting that tho former proprietors had agreed to defray a fair portion of the cost of sinking the shaft supposing that work to amount to 2os per foot on an average. Mr Hammer moved and Mr Uollway seconded Iliut the articles of association em bodying the before-mentioned provisions bo carried," and the motion was passed unanimously. Mr W. Jackson was •ll>pointe<l legal manager, and Messrs Bell, Hammer, Dunlop, Hollway and Hurt were appointed directors. Of late tho sparrow nuisance has developed alarmingly in the Learmonth district; and, the Ballarat sliiro council, at their meeting on Monday, resolved to purchase about 20 or 2o bushels of poisoned grain for the destruction of the pest. The grain will be sold to rate payers in packets of 121b and 201b each at Is Gd and 2s Gd respectively. An Ararat telegram says: "Asplen did return lias been obtained from the Jirst erusbiug from Morcom's bin 'A, a quartz reef on Mr Dalian's property, on the range between ArmstrortgS and lUiymuey. Twelve tons were treated at the Eaglebawlc battery for a return of 2oz ldwt per ton." It was mentioned at the,meeting of the Ballarat City Council -on Monday last that Senior-constable Tuveell, formerly stationed in Gee long and Leigh Iload, bad been appointed to the charge of the Ballarat South police station. The programme for the annual Fire Brigade Demonstration to be held at Russell square, Ballarat, on the 3rd, -1th, and oth of March has ' been issued. It includes—Hose Practice for Eight Men, Combined Hose Practice, Alarm and Disabled Hose Practice, Hose Practice for Six Men, Hose and Ladder Practice, Representative Race for Four ilea, Ladder Race, Consoiatiou event for Six Men, Engine Practice for Eight Men, Engine Praelice for Four Men, Engine Practice for Three Men, Manual Engino Fire Drill for Eight Men. The events will commence at 10 o'clock each morn ing, and the brigades are requested to be punctual, having regard to the length of the programme. The torchlight pro cession will take pace on the evening of Tuesday, the 3rd of March, and brigades will full into procession according to districts. All brigades, including teams, that do not join in the procession and march to its conclusion will be debarred from competition. Tbe distance to bo marched will not exceed one mile, so that: probably no fireman will risk disqualifi cation in this particular. , Correspondents sending paragraphs for this column relating to Societies, Church Unions, Lodges, etc., x.-ill please observe that no an nouncements of events to take placo are admis sible iu such paragraphs unless they refor to au advertisement in another part of the paper. Mr C'nas. Sommers will sell on Satnrdaj' next, at o.I-i p.m., on the premises, "Tarra ville," Yarra-street south, the whole of Mrs CaldwoH's well-kept household furniture, without reserve. The usual meeting of members of the Gee long Mutual Improvement Association was held in the Mechanics' institute classroom on Mon day evening last. The chair was occupied by tiie president ;Mr Geo. Bradluyl, auil there was a goo.l attendance. The syllabus work of the evening was set apart for elocution, and tome excellent recitals were given, which was a clear evidence that each individual member had studied his piece carefully. Criticism was entered into freely by members, ami some valuable arid instructive hints wave given by tbe critic (Mr W. M. Baird), tho following being contributed: "Our folks," Mr Geo Brownliill ; "Kissing cup's race," Mr J M'Donald : " The sohlioe's. pardon," Mr M Roberts: "The fall of D'Asans." Mr J. C. Williams Slue]?.'reply to Lord Lyndhurst,' Mr Alex. Hill. Miss TamicsfS resumes tuition pianoforte ana singing io-morrovv. Toe time for receiving tenders for the pur chase of the assets of tlu< Cono Starr-Rowkett Building Society has been extended until 1 p.m. on the 18th inst. Tenders are invited by the. Postmaster General up till noon on Tuesday, 3rd Martn, for tho conveyance of mails, parcels, uctvs spapors, etc., fora period of thrco years, to and from various places. Sco advertise aunt elsewhoro. 