LITERATURE. ^ REVIEWS. MRS. HUMPHREY WARD'S NEW NOVEL. Through Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son we have received an advanco copy of Mrs. Ward's new work " Sir George Tressady" (Macmillan and Co.). The volume before us is a continuation of " Marcella," the keynote still being socialism and the labour question. ' Tho Marcella Boyce and Aldous llaeburn of "Marcella" are now Lord and Lady 'Maxwell, and Maxwoll holds a prominent place in the Government. Lady Maxwoll nas the command of much wealth and influence, and is in a position to give effect to - the long- cherished reform schemes of her girlhood. Her husband is heart and soul with her. The Labour leaders press Maxwell to introduce a Special Factory Act which. would make it penal to carry on certain trades in private houses. They urge" that in spite of commis sions and enquiry after enquiry "sweating" ■was more frightful and oppressive than ever, that the only remedy was to drive the people into factories of a certain size where alone these degraded clothing industries of East London could bo humanized and controlled. Maxwoll prepares the Bill, which is but the prelude to more far-reaching socialism. Lord Fontenoy is leading tho opposition against the ■Bill, lie is a dogged fighter, but not brilliant. Young Sir George Tressady during some four years travelling in the East had written some signed articles for an important English newspaper, the tone of which was strongly Imperialist. Tressady was a landowner in a coalmining district, and had suffered from strikes. Ho hated mob rule, "Government to 'the competent, not to tho many,", was his motto. His articles impress Fontenoy, who urges him to return to England, enter the House of Commons, and join in the fight against the Socialists, headed by Lord Maxwell. Tressady hurries home. lio con tests a district in which Fontenoy has much interest against Bewick, tho Labour member, and is returned. He works hard, and Max well's Government seems doomed. But Tressady, imperceptibly at first, comes under the influence of Lady Maxwell. They meet at a dinner party, and afterwards stroll together in the grouuds, They talk of the , semi-political topics started at diuuer. Sud denly Lady Maxwell said— " I heard some of your conversation with Sir Philip just now. How differently you talk when you talk of India." I "I wonder what that means," said George, smiling. " It means at any rate that when I am not talking of India, but of English labour, or tho poor, you think I talk like a brute." "I shouldn't put it like that," she said' quietly," but when you talk of India and people like the Lawrences, or Lord Dalhousio, then it is that one sees what you really admire —what stirs you, what makes you tool. " Woll, ought not one to feel? Is there to bo no gratitude towards the people tiiat have made one's country?" ... "That have made one's country," she re peated, pausing on the words. . . . "But for me the real making of one's country is done out of sight—in garrets and work shops, and coalpits—by people who die every minute — forgotten — swept into heaps like autumn leaves, their lives mere ■ soil and foothold for the generation that comes j after tliein. All yesterday morning, for | instance, I spent trying to feed a woman 1 | know ; she is a shirtmaker, she has four chil dren, and her husband is a docker out of work. She has sowed herself sick and blind, eho couldn't eat and she couldn't slocp, but she had kept the children alivo, and the man. Her life will flicker out in a month or two, but i the children's lives will have taken root, and the mail will be earning again. What use | would your Dalhousies and Lawrences be to . England without her and the hundreds of I i thousands like her?" Of the minor characters that of Bewick, the Labour leader, I is perhaps the most interesting. With all Fontenoy's influence and Tressady's ability, they had only won the election by 17 votes. He was tho idol of the Unions, given to periodical drinking bouts, but in his sober spoils capable of amazing feats of strength and endurance. There is a strike. George's coal pits are shut down and Bewick leads tho strikers. He and Tressady accidentally meet. After some cutting words on both sides George conciliates his opponent, and they talk of tho strike. "Well, it comes to this," said Tressady, "you believe our case—tho badness of trade, tho disappearance of profits, pressure of contracts, and all tho rest of it— and you still refuse on your part to bear the smallest fraction of the burden? You will claim all you can get in good times—you will give back nothing in bad." "That is so," said Bewick, deliberately. That is so, precisely. We will take no risks. We give our labour, and in return the workman must live. IVralce the consumer pay, or pay yourselves out of your good years. We don't care a ha'porth which it is. Only don't you come on the man who risks his life, and works like a galley-slave five days a week for a pittance of five-and-twenty shillings or there- abouts to pay, for he won't. Not till you have starved him into it, at. any rate." George laughed. "One of the best men in the village has been giving me his opinion this afternoon that there isn't a man in the place that couldn't live, and live well. Ay, and take the masters' terms to-morrow but for the drink." "And 1 know who that is," said Bewick, with a sneer. "Well. I can tell you what the rest of the men in that place think, and it. is this—that the man in that village who doesn't drink is "a mean skunk, who's betraying his own flesh and blood to the capitalists! Oh! you may preach till you're black in the face, but drink we shall till we got the control of our own labour. For, look here, directly we cease to drink, directly we become good boys on your precious terms the stan dard of life falls, down come wages, and you sweep off our beer money to spend on your champagne. Thank you, Sir George, but we're not such fools as we look, and that don't suit us." In' this work we find Mrs. Ward's genius shining as brightly as ever, Certainly it is a novel with a purpose, but in it there is no morbid analysis, and if socialism is the predomi nant note we have both sides of the shield fairly presented. Of course it is easy to see on which side the authors sympathies lie, but her own eanings are not unduly thrust forward. Amid problems" deep, and situations both tragic and-pathetic the "old, old story" is deftly and delightfully interwoven, the story that-has both vexed and joyed the world ages before labour problems saw the light.' The characters, are clearly presented, and "their distinctive traits are drawn with marvellous reality/ The construction of the book is; perfect, and when we say that the distinguished author.has written nothing better than "Sir George Tressady" we can say no more in its praise. " Glimpses of Avstk ama. Part 3 of this production, which is quite up to the standard of its predocessors, contains sixteen highly typical illustrations of Australian. scenes in city, town, and bush. The view of the great International Exhibition Building, Melbourne, with its imposing proportions reflected in the water, is an excellent one, and the other archi tectural bits, such as the remarkable "Argyle Out," made by convict labour, in Sydney; a stretch of Maoquarie-stroet, ilobart; those fine erections, Town Hall and the Hotel Metropole, Sydney; and the Melbourne Uni versity are well calculated to convey to friends abroad a favourable idea of enterprise in the Antipodes. The other _ pictures are expressive enough, and, in a_ sense, full of "local colour." - For instance; our pretty littlo railway station at Mount Lofty; tlie spirited sketch of ebarkfishmg in Chowder Bay, Sydney Harbour; the group of. blacks; that noted camel, "'Misery," of gold fields fame, who performed the feat of travelling GOO miles without water; the Picturesque presentment of the Emu l'lains, few South Walos; and the Boyno Bivor, Queensland, not forgetting our Beotaloo Waterworks. All. these are so well done as to reflect the greatest credit upon the publishers of this work, Messrs. Gordon and Got eh. An illustrated and descriptive work like " Glimpses of Australia" will go far to correct the crude erroneous conceptions the untravelled at home may have about this part of tlio world. Illustrated Cueistmas Periodicals.—The special Christmas numbers of the illustrated papers issued in London are coming to hand, in rapid succession, and, judging by the speci men copies which have reached us from &lr.; W. C. Kigby, the years publications Mill ho at loast up to the highest standard of merit of previous years. Black and, White, true to its title, limits itself so far as the general contents are concerned to uncoloured illustrations. These, however, are numerous and artistic, and the reading matter which they embellish is highly entertaining. There is a story by Gilbert Parker, "The Belfry of St. Hyacinth aSother by .1. Maclaren Cobban, "A Victory for Virtuea third by F. Frankfort Moore, "The Strange Story of Northavcn Priory;" and a fourth by L. Gope Cornford, "Tho .Green Silk Curtain to say nothing of poetry and miscellaneous sketches, which help to make up an exceedingly attractive issue. By way of supplement there is an exquisite re production of Walter Langley, R.I.'s, pathetic picture "Motherless." The proprietors of the Illustrated London Keu:s have produced a number worthy of the best traditions of tho paper. A charming tale, by Thomas Hardy, entitled " A Committeeman of ' The Terror,'" is accorded tho place of honour. It is pro fusely and most artistically illustrated by H. Burgess. In " The Dell's Ghost" the author, F. Marion Crawford, appears in tho somewhat unfamiliar rdlo of a caterer for the delectation of childhood, and the undoubted success lie has achieved in it is enhanced by the drawings of Dualov Hardy. Mr. Grant Allen contributes a bright story under tiio title of "Wolverdon Tower," and in addition to a host of .smaller pictures, grave and gay, coloured and uncoloured, there is a. gorgeous presentation plate Entitled ".Symphony," representing a richly clad little lady playing the violin, and in so doing inflicting sweet torture upon a well- groomed canine companion. Pears' Annual amply sustains its claim to be regarded as one of the very best of the Christmastidc publications. It is certainly a marvellous shilling's worth. The reading matter comprises quaint legends _ relat ing to the festive season, a delightful story by G. R. Sims extending over more than twenty pages, and a choice little romance of Cairo in tho Fifties, by K. M. Hewitt. The story is lavishly illustrated, and some half score of coloured plates descriptive of Christmas scenes—ancient and modern—are introduced to give variety and attractiveness to the letterpress. Not content with giving its readers the literary and artistic feast which tho Annual, itself affords, tho proprietor has thrown in no less than three choice pictures, characterised by a delicacy of drawing and a wealth of colouring which place them in the first rank of prucess illustrations. Tlicy re present respectively a festive dinner scene, with tho motto "Christmas Comes hut Once a Year;" " Leaving London to Spend Christmas in the Country: Departure from La Belle Sauvage Inn Yard;" and " A Canter 011 tho Heath: the whole Family Cavalry Turned Out for Exorcise." These publications, together with the Graphic Christmas number described by us a day or two ago, which, by the. way, was also forwarded to ns by Mr. Rigby, will furnish the mobt omnivorous devourer of yule tide literature wit-h abundant materia) for whiling away many a pleasant hour during tho holiday season which is so fast approaching. Tun "Goj.pkk Pknny" Ciuust.vas Ncmukii. —We have received the Christmas number of The Golden Penny. It consists of several in teresting stories and numerous illustrations. Two of the stories treat of Australian life, tho first opening at a shccpstation in South Aus tralia after a period of drought, and tho scene of tho other being laid in New South Wales. "rfnr. New Ei. Dou.voo."—Messrs. Frearson and Brother, ol Adelaide, are to be congratu lated on their enterprise in supplying publica tions descriptive of the Western Australian Gold fields. The firm has issued many useful maps and plans of the various fields, but the most valuable brochure is the " Handbook to the New 151 Dorado." Two editions of the. work have been sold out, and a third, well up to date, ss now published. The book, which contains 240 pages, profusely illustrated with maiis, sketches, and photographs, will prove of service to business men and investors in terested in tho West. 