THE PREMIER'S FH0MISES : WHAT ARE THEY WORTH ? El-. WoBKBit, —That the Premier in bis manifesto pledged the Government] in effect reforuiB in the electoral law i* beyond the po*8ibiHty of Rental. His sircerity in making that promise he evidence a by utterly ignoring it in the Gwernor's Speech, and apparently dues dot intend to redeem his pledge unless forced to do to by the HV-u-e. For reminding tile Prttr»ie»- ui his obliga- tions in this maMbr tbe Labour Party are _ singled out by the Governments organ, and » cowardly attack a* th« alleged impurity of their motives lor eo doin? disgraces Ua columns. From the standpoint of the interests of the Labour Pursy nothing could serve them better than tfow e sen** lees and cowatdiy attacks on their taobity. The eloctors »ro taking nute of what! is going cm in the House and are not bo utterly bmf-'. of their senses as not to be able to dcit?rn-inft *ho amongst their repntsi-silatives sre (reniiitiely diacharging their obligations to fHoJity to the lavishly gives dtajfiow pro wmm. The journal in question h?j» 'cap tore of the Parliament ' on the brain, and consequently has frequent attacks of night' mare which make ie itnpoHtblu fur it to criticise any action of the labour Party without thiB ghost at once appearing before it. The first half of its leader und«r the heading ' Electoral Eefcrm' is devoted to vilifying the Labour Party and ecraaming out the alleged 'danger and mischief' of their demanding the fulfilment of the Premier's proroues gmn to the people in his manifesto. With sweet simplicity it iftfereutially admits that the realisation of those promises— which would mean the enjoyment of theiv vctftig rights by all persons entitled to vote— would numerically strengthen cbe Labour Party io the House and make the tminbers of the tipper Chamber very unootrforfcable. This is a very awkward but unavoidable admission, aod noli at all likely to pour oil upon the troubled waters of electoral reform over which yout eoutemtxrary finds itself obliged to steer its barque. The &»vusing incident in connection with the aforesaid leader is that the secund half thereof is devoted to showing the absolute need of dec oral reform which now exists, and proceeds to point oub many of the anomalies which the Electoral Act contains which call loudly for redrate, and in tbe same breach tells ifo readers that *' What the Government mind concerning electoral reform is ifc doet uotr know,' but that it 'gladly takes the opportunity to abate or restate what it -ought to be.' Is not that avowal charmiag? Knows that the Government ought to keep their pro niises, points out the ntcepsity of their doing so, and yet sees ' danger and mis chief ' in the Labour Parly saying exactly the sarntv thing in the Assembly! That 'capture of the Parliament' ghost baa a lot to ansvrer-forr Long bf fore the general election the Labour Party advocated the elections 'all on the same day,-' but the Government and their organ looked very gingerly at that proposal. Thought they smelt a rat in North Brisbane and so decided that Warwick should elect-its representative a week ot~ho after North Brisbane had pronounced its verdict. Happy resolve which resulted in 'Tommy's' \- ^eing— rostHHjd — from -the— Iow44 n ess a nd - despair of a rejected wocer and safely tov/ed iuto the legislative harbour — his avowal to She contrary notwithstanding. Now that all has been made snug 'elec- tions all on the same^day ' is tbe tune your contemporary pipes, io which the Govern ment) perhaps will dance— that is, if they continue bo hold office and the politic? 1 clouds do not gather too thick and dark when the eve of the next gonoral election hovee in sight. By-the-bye, can you, Mr. Editor, tell your roadura how 'Mac.' and 'Robert' are digesting their 'non-recog- nition' pill which the 'beloved Premier' declared be would make them swallow ?— Your«, &c.; G. Kogebs, South Brisbane, 2-hh June, 1896. 