A Terrible Secret ; OH, THE MYSTERY OF SIR VICTOR CATHEROM. . o Bj MES MAI AGNES FLEMING- Author of "X Woman"! A Wonderful Woman," "Wed, Yet No tVlfa, fto, te CHAPTER XXXII.— HOW THE WED DING-DAY BEGAN. Six days later. Sir Victor Catheron and his aunt were expected home. These six days bad passed very quietly, very pleasantly, to Edith. She was not In the least lonely, and she thought she knew the worst now. Her second tainting fit had. it Beemed, com pletely banished all her fear and fore bodings. A hurried note from Sir Victor briefly had told her his father had died on the rtav of their arrival, that bv Ills own re- quest the burial place was to be Ken- sal Green, not the Catheron vaults ; that the secret of his life and death was still to be kept Inviolate, and that (In this part of the note he grew lmpas- slonately earnest) their marriage was not to be postponed. On the third of October, as all had been arranged, It was still to take place. Ho other note followed. Late in the evening of the sixth day Sir Victor and Lady Helena returned homo. Edith stood alone, awaiting them, dressed In black silk, with soft white lace and ruby ornaments, and looking very handsome. Her lover rushed In, and caught her with a sort of rapturous, breathless delight In his arms. "My love— ray life!" he cried. "Even- hour has been an age since I said good bye." She drew herself fromhlm. Sir Victorin the calm, courteous character of a per fectly undemonstrative suitor she toler ated; Sir Victor in the role of Romeo was excessively distasteful to her. She drew herself out of his arms coldly and de cisively. "I am glad to see you back, Sir Vic tor." But the stereotyped words of wel come fell chill on his ear. "You are not looking well. I am afraid you have been very much harassed since you left." Surely he was not looking well. In those six days he had grown more than six years older. He had lost flesh and color; there was an Indescribable some thing in his face — an expreslon she had never Been before. More had happened than the death of the father he had never known to alter him like this. She looked at him curiously. Would he tell her ? He did not. Not looking at her, with his eyes fixed moodily on the wood fire smouldering on the hearth, he repeated what his letter had already said. His father had died on the night of their ar rival In London; they had burled him quietly and unobtrusively, by his own request, In Kensal Green Cemetery. No one was to be told, and the wedding day was not to be postponed. All this Ihe said as a man repeats a lesson learned by rote, his eyes never onoe meeting hers. She stood silently looking at him, lis tening to him. Something lay behind, then, that she was not to know. Well, It made them quits. She didn't care for the Catheron family secrets. If it were something unpleasant, as well not know. If Sir Victor told her, very well; if not, very well also. She cared little either way. "Miss Catheron remains at St. John's Wood, I suppose ?" she Inquired, indif ferently, feeling in the pause that en sued she must say something. "She remains, yes, with her two old servants, for the present. I believe her ultLmate Intention is to go abroad." "She will not return to Cheshire?" A spasm of pain crossed his face. There was a momentary contraction of the muscles of his mouth. "She will not return to Cheshire. All her life she will lie under the ban of mur der." "And she is innocent ?" He looked up at her — a strange, hunt ed, tortured sort of look. "She is innocent" Ab he made the answer, lie turned ab ruptly away. Edith asked no more questions. The secret of his mother's murder was a secret she was not to hear. Lady Helena did not make her appear ance at all in the lower roomB that night. Next day at luncheon she came down, and Edith was honestly shocked at the change in her. From a hale, handsome, stately, upright, elderly lady, she had become a feeble old woman in the past week. Her step had grown uncertain, her hands trembled, deep lines of trouble were Bcored on her pale face. Her eyes rarely wandered from her nep hew's face. Her voice took a softer, tenderer tone when she addressed him. She had always loved him dearly, but never so dearly, It would seem, as now. The change in Sir Victor was more in manner than In look. A feverish Im patience and restlessness appeared to have taken possession of him. He wan dered about the house, and in and out like some restless ghost From Powysa Place to Catheron Royals, from Catheron Royals to Powyss Place, he vi brated like a human, pendulum. It set Edith's nerfes on edge only to watch I him. At other periods a moody gloom I would fall upon him, then for hours he j sat, brooding, brooding, with knitted brows and downcast eyes. Lost in his own dark secret thought. Anon his spirit would rise to fever height, and he would laugh and talk in a wild, excited way that fixed Edith's dark, wondering eyes solemnly on his fiushecb face. With it all. in whatever mood, he could not bear her out of his eight. He haunted her like her shadow, until It grew almost intolerable. He sat for hours whilst she worked, or played, or read, not speaking, not stirring, his eyes fixed upon her, and she who had never been nervouB grew horribly nervous under thi3 ordeal. Was Sir Victor losing Ills wits? Now. that his Insane father was dead and burled, did he feel It incumbent upon him to keep up the family reputation, and follow in that father's footsteps? And the days wore on, and the first of October came. The change In the young baronet grew more marked with each day. He lost the power to eat or sleep. Far Into the night he walked his room as though some horrible Neme sis were pursuing him. He faded to the very shadow of himself, yet when Lady, Helena, In fear and trembling, laid her hand upon his arm and falterlngly begged him to see a physician, he shook her off with an angry irritability quite foreign to his usual gentle temper, and bade her imperiously to leave him alone. The second of October came. To-mor row would be the wedding day. The old feeling of vagueness and un reality had come back to Edith. Something would happen — that was the burden of her thoughts. To- morrow, was the wedding-day, but the wedding would never take place. She walked through the glowing, beautiful rooms of Catheron Royals, through the grounds and gardens, bright with gay autumnal Rowers — a home luxurious enough for a young duchees, and still that feeling of unreality was there — a grand place, a noble home, but 6he would never reign Its mistress. The cottage at Carnarvon had been weeks ago engaged, and Sir Victor's confidential sen-ant already es tablished there, awaiting the cBmlng of the bridal pair; but she felt she would; never see it. Upstairs, in "all their snowy, shining splendour, the bridal robe and. veil lfty. When to-morrow came, would she ever put them on, she vaguely won- dered. And still she was not unhappy. A sort of apathy had taken possession of her. She drifted on calmly to the end. What was written was written; what would be would be. Time enough to wake from her dream when the time of waking came. The hour fixed for the ceremony was eleven o'clock; the place Chesholm Church. The bridesmaids would arrive at ten. The Earl of Wroatmore, the father of the Ladles Gwendoline and Laura Drexel, was to give the bride away. They would return, to Poywss Place and eat the sumptuous breakfast; then off and away to the pretty village In North Wales. That was the pro gramme. "When to- morrow comes," Edith" thinks, aa she wanders about the house, "will It be carried out?" Of late days the prediction had been haunting ber, too. As some tune you may by chance have heard will haunt you to the verge of idlotcy, so did this I rhyming prophecy haunt her now. She could not banish it; it came to her mind in spite of her. She caught herself setting it to fag ends of tunes, and sing ing it through. "When the bridegroom is widowed the day he Is wed." She heard it as she walked by that bridegroom's side, as she rode, as she sat at the piano and strove to exorcise It In a storm of music. Sometimes the absurdity of It would strike her, and she would, burst out laughing. "If 'this keeps on," she thought, "when the wedding day comes the bride will be as cracked as the bridegroom." It chanced that on the bridal eve Miss Darrell was attacked with headache and sore throat. She had lingered heed lessly out in the rain the day before (one of her old bad habits), to escape from Sir Victor, if the truth must be told, and paid the natural penalty next day. It would never do to be hoarse as a raven on one's wedding-day, so Lady, Helena insisted on a wet napkin round the throatj a warm bath, gruel, an<J early bed. Willingly enough the girl obeyed, too glad to have this last evening alone. Immediately after dinner she bade her ddieux to her bridegroom-elect, and went away to her own rooms. The short October day had long ago darkened down; the curtains were drawn, a fire burned, the candles were lit. She took the bath, the gruel the wet napkin, and let herself be tucked up in bed. "Romantic," she thought, with a laugh at herself, "for a bride." Lady Helena — was It with a presenti ment of what waa near?— lingered by her side long that evening, and at part ing for the first time took her In her arms and kissed her. "Good night, my child," the tender, tremulous tones said. "I pray you may make him happy; I pray that he may make you." Slie lingered yet a little longer. Her heart seemed full; her eyes were shining through tears. "Words seemed trembling on her lips — words she had not the courage to say. Edith, surprised and moved, put her arms round the kind old neck, and laid her face for a moment on the genial old bosom. "I will try," Bhe whispered, "dear Lady Helena; Indeed, I will try to be a good and faithful wife." One last klBS, then they parted. The door closed behind her, and Edith was alone. She lay, as usual, high up among the billowy pillows, her hands clasped above her head, her dark, dreamy, eyes fixed on the fire. She looked as though she were thinking ; but she was not. Her mind was simply a blank. She was vaguely ,p.nd Idly watching the flickering shadows cast by the firelight on the wall, the gleam of yellow moonlight shimmering through the curtains, listening to the faint sighing of the night wind, the tickling of the little fanciful clock to the pretty plaintive tunes it played be fore it struck the hours. Nine, ten, eleven — she heard them all as she lay there broad awake, neither thinking nor stirring. Hr-r maid came In for her last orders. She bade the girl good night and told her to go to bed; she wanted nothing more. Then 8 gain Bhe was alone. But now a restlessness as little to be understood as her former listless apathy took hold of her. She could not lie and sleep. She could not lie there awake. As the clock struck twelve Bhe started up in bed in a sudden panic. Twelve! A new day— her wedding- day! Impossible to lie here quiet any- longer. She sprang up, locked her door, and began. In her long white night-robe, pacing up and down. So another hour passed. One! One from the little Swiss musical clock--one solemn and sombre, from the big dock up in the tower. Then she stopped in thought— then she walked to one of her boxes and took out a writing-case, al ways kept locked. With a key attached to her neck she opened it, seated her self before a table, and drew forth a packet of letters and a picture. The picture was the handsome photographed face of Charley Stuart; the letters, the letters he had written her to Saudy- polnt. She began with the first, and read it slowly through; then the next, and so on to the end. There were over a dozen in all. and tolerably lengthy. As she finished and folded up the last, she took up the picture, and gazed at It long and earnestly, with a strangely dark, intent loolr. "How handsome he was— how well he photographed!" was her thought. She had seen him so often with just this expression, looking at her. His pleasant, lazy half-sarcastic voice was In her ear, saying something coolly im pertinent; his grey, half-smiling, half- cynical eves were looking, lifelike, up at her. What was he doing now ? Sleep ing calmly, no doubt — she forgotten, as ehe deserved to be. When to-morrow came, would he by any chance remem ber it was her wedding day, and would the remembrance cost him a pang ? She laughed at herself for the sentimental question. Charley Stuart feci a pang for her, or any other earthly woman! No; he was Immersed in business, no doubt, head and ears, soul and body, absorbed in dollars and cents, and retrieving in some way his fallen fortunes. Edith Dar ren dismissed contemptuously as a cold-blooded Jilt from his memory. Well, bo ehe had willed it — she had no right to complain. With r steady hand she tied up the letters, and replaced them in the desk. The picture followed. "Good-bye, Charley," she said, with a sort of smile. She could no more destroy those souvenirs of the past than she could have cut off her right hand. "Wrong,", you say, and shake your head. Wrong, of course; but when has Edith Darrell done right? — when have I pictured her to you in any very favorable light? As long as she lived and was Sir Victor's wife, she would newer look at them. But de stroy them! — no, ehe could not do that Six! She closed and locked the writ ing-ease as the hour struck. A broad, bright sunburst flashed In and filled the room with yellow glory. The sun had rleen cloudless and brilliant, at least on her wedding day. CHAPTER XXXIIL— HOW THE WEDDING-DAY ENDED. ' » Edith replaced the desk in the trunk, and, walking to the window, drew back the curtain and looked out. Over eme rald lawn and coppice, tall trees, and brilliant flowers; the October sun shone gloriously. No fairer day ever smiled upon old Earth. She stood for an instant, then turned slowly away, and walked over to a 1 mirror. Had her night's vigil made her look wan and sallow, she wondered ? No. She looked much as usual — a a thought paler, perhaps, but It is de rigucur for brides to look pale. No use thinking of a morning nap under the circumstances. She would Bit down by the window and wait for them to come. Bhe could hear the household flfltir al- ready. She could even see Sir Victor away in the distance, taking his morn ing walk. How singularly haggard and wornhelooked — like anything you please except a happy bridegroom about to marry the lady he loves above all on earth. She watched him with a grave ly thoughtful face until at last he dis appeared from view among the trees. Seven o'clock — eight o'clock! Edith's respite was ended — iher solitude Invaded at last. There was a tap at the door. and Lady Helena, followed by Miss Dar- rell's maid, entered. Had they all kept vigil ? Her lady- s ship, In the pitiless searching glare of the morning sun, ceitainly looked much more like It than the quiet bride. She was pale, nervous, agitated beyond any thing the girl had ever seen. "How had Edith Blept ? How was her cold ? How did Flie feel ?" "Never better," Miss Darrell respond ed. smilingly. "The sore throat and headache are quite gone, and I am ready to do Justice to the nice breakfast wlilch I see Emily has brought." She sat down to It — chocolate, rolls, an omelette, and a savoury little bird — with excellent and unromantlc appetite. The service was cleared away ,and the real business of the day began. She was under the hands of her maid, deep In the mysteries of the wedding toilet. At ten came the bridesmaids, a bril liant bevy, in sweeping trains — walking visions of silk, tulle, laces, perfume, and flowers. At half-past ten Miss Darrell, "Queen rose of the rosebud garden of girls," stood In their midst, ready for the altar. She looked beautiful. It is an under stood tiling that all brides, whatever their appearance on the ordinary occa sions of life, look beautiful on this day of days Edith Darrell had never looked so stately. 60 queenly, bo haudsome in her life. Just a thought pale, but not unbecomingly so. The rich, glistening white silk, sweeping far behind ber, set pff the fine figure which/It fitted without flaw. The dark, proud face shone like a star from the misty folds of the bridal veil; the legendary orange blossoms crowned the rich dark hair; on neck, ears and arms glimmered a priceless parure of pearls, the gift, like the dress and veil, of Lady Helena. A fragrant bouquet of spotless white had been sent up by the bridegroom. At a quartc-r to eleven she entered the carriage, and was driven away to the church. As she lay back, and looked dreamily out, the mellow October sunshine light ing the scene, the joybells clashing, the listless apathy of the past few days took her again. She took note of the trifles about her— her mind rejected all else. How yellow were the fields of stubble; how picturesque, gilded In the sunshine, the village of Chesholm look ed; how glowing and rosy the faces of the people who flocked out in their holi day best to gaze at the bridal pageant! Was it wealth and happiness, or soap and water only? wondered the bride. These were her wandering thoughts— these alone. Tbey reached the little church. All the way from the carriage to the stone porch the school children strewed her path with flowers, and sang — out ol tune — a bridal anthem. She smiled down upon their admiring little faces, as she went by on the Earl of Wroatmore's arm. The church was filied. Was seeing her mareied worth all this trouble to these good people? she wondered, as she walk ed up the aisle, stiil on the arm Of the Right Hon. the Earl of Wroatmore. There was, of course, a large throng of invited guests. Lady Helena was there, In pale, flowing silks, the brides maids, a billowy crowd of wliite- plumaged birds, and the bridegroom, with a face whiter than his white waist coat, standing waiting for his bride; and there, in surplice, book in hand, stood the rector of Chesholm and his curate, ready to tie the indissoluble knot. A low, hushed murmur rang through the church at sight of the silver- | shining figure of the bride. How hand- some I how stately! how perfectly self- j possessed and calm! Truly, if beauty I and high-bred repose of manner be any I palliation of low birth and obscurity, I this American young lady had it. An instant passes. She is knc-cling by Sir Victor Catheron's side. ! "Who giveth this woman to be mar- I ried to this man?" says the urbane i tones of the rector of Chesholm; and the Right Hon. the Earl of Wroatmore comes forward on two rickety old legs and gives her away. "If any one here present knows any just cause or impediment why this man should not be married to this woman, I charge ye," &c.; But no one knows. "Wilt thou take Edith Darrell to be thy wedded wife?" "I will," Sir Victor Catheron responds, but in broken, Inarticulate tones. It is the bride's turn. "I will!" The clear, firm voice is perfectly audible in the almost painfully intense .stillness. The ting slip; over the finger. She -watches it curiously. "I pronounce ye man and wife," says the rector. "Those whom God hath joined together, let no man put as under." It is all over; she is Lady Catheron, and nothing has happened. They enter j the vestry, they sign their names in the register .their friends flock round to shake hands, and kiss, and congratu late, and Edith smiles through It all, and Sir Victor keeps that white, hag gard, unsmiling face. It is a curious fancy; but if it were not so utterly ab surd, Edith' would think he looked at her as though he were afraid of her. fTo be continued 