BRISBANE. [raoK otra oyrs ooebbspokdekt.I Saturday, Jane 2<th. Jb"oremost among: tlie bills introduced into the Assembly this week was the Federation Enabling Bill. Queensland is indeed moving with great caution, and perhaps justly so; hut then she may he too cautious, and this seems to he the case; she appears to be terribly frightened last she will lose her small in dustrial status, and has allowed her mind to be filled with ghosts and visions that haTe made her altogether too suspicious of her neighbors. Queensland will have to learn, as well as the other colonies who offer her their hands towards a common union, that the dominating principle to he brought into operation is that of sacrifice for the common good. No one colony must seek to better it» position at I the expense of its neighbors. Of course, by this is not meant that no part of the Commonwealth shouid progress more than another ; hut that there must he no half-hearted response to rise to the highest conception of nationhood, and that each colony must place itself un reservedly in the hands of the Central Government. "Whether Queensland chooses to elect her representatives in the same manner as her sister provinces is yet to he seen ; it is to be hoped she will, though the chances are that she will not. Certainly it would add to the weight of the movement if all the colonies acted in unison from the start, and that no dis cordant elements were allowed to in sinuate themselves to the charmed circle. The second reading of the Enabling Bill has been postponed till next Tuesday in order that hon. gentlemen may make themselves thoroughly acquainted with the movement in all its retrospective and prospective aspects. But after all I am in clined to think that Queensland only wants a little coaxing to rid her imagina tion of all those phantasmal pictures that now hinder her in arriving at a true estimate of her worth and wealth under a common flag. Hon. gentlemen are so firmly convinced of returning prosperity that they have raised their own salaries to £300 per annum—provided the Vpper House pass them in the Constitution Act Amendment Bill. Legislation is also being initated for the establishment of inebriate asylums ; so that the new House has fairly settled down to work, and so far the Labor Party and the Opposition, though doctrinally as far apart as the poles, are behaving themselves well, and the Government are smiling. But it is early yet; and as time advances we shall see what we shall spe. The Local Government Commission is still taking evidence. Mr T, P. Mork hani, "Victorian Tinder-secretary for Lands, has just finished giving his ex periences in connection with local government in Victoria, and furnished the Commission with a vast amount of nseful information, The gravest fears are still entertained regarding the ravages of the tick plague amongst the cattle of this colony, and a few instances are recorded where sheep have been discovered suffering from the pest. Dips are being constructed in various portions of the colon}', and cotton seed oil is at famine prices, that being found the most useful remedy. Dr Hunt, of Hnghenden, who has rendered much honorary service to the Government during the past twelve months in investi gating the habits of the tick, has left for America, wbere he purposes making full inquiry upon the same subject. 