IN'TRE' BAB PAEliORi -' ' Whan old Wragge gave nfe th-s last token (ot hie appreeiati6fl'of opr ability to owe wages,' said fcte (Jo verhmept House Man,' 'lie might have sent it more upon those pucfe of tbe city where the swel Is are than below -at 'TOappiDg.' 1' It is always thus,' observed the Police Court Reporter. 'The upper parts of Hojiart got it jfairjy well ; but' it juBt ran off them and flooded out the more humble cotta gers.' ' Something like many more, matters of the kind. It. would take an Armstrong cannon to blow a hole in. a few of their, .hides, * vetufwi the other. ' But ,.if old, Mault had wanted a wrinkle on drainage be should have turned out on Sun day evening.' .' , ' . . ?' He doesn't want a wrinkle.,' mused the Worm, ' unless it carries a retainer.' 'Maybe not. But he'd have picked up several down Wupping way. A portion of the Corporation wont there, and the Town Clerk. But he hadn't got euoufrb influence to send the water back again. 1. heard one unfortunate temark as he humped out his furniture from his ' inundated hovel to a more secure spot, ' It Bint nice ; bat I suppose, the bloomin'1and!ord will furn up just the earns for tie four bob to-' morrow V ? And you cart bet he was right, too.' ' It ie so. We are all clay, and must pass off, tbe hooks, But land lords never die.'1 ' ''' #' ' # ♦ ? 'Imposts a bob, or two to light up, our pwn vice-regal resideuce,' re marked the Sunday Man. Some thing under £L50 a year, I'm told.' ' That is not touch,' returnedthe Government House Man. '' For oousfderinft that they go to bed at 10 b'clock and never bave any visi tors it is econpfnical. Shows ^Uat a careful governiprjwp have,' .' '.'..',. '?Careful o£ his, screw,' .put in the' Insignificant Man, . 11 Saving, of coarse. But his efforts to save the country expenses are often in vain, for on the road between the gas wdfka and the lone chateau there is £4f- a year wasted.' ' Goes through those wax match burners oh the domain,' possibly f' asked the Worm. ' No, it is provided for e^oh year m 'waste' light,, and as such ie ?duly paid for.' : ' Where does the waste come in ??' ' asked the Gloomy Man. 1 'It doesn't come in at all — it ^-VWip vuvi jl^uv UVJ 1TVIIUC1. Hi [liau gets «. bit fluttered when he tries to read his meter. No wonder the city is so brilliantly illuminated. What they want gas for at all I don't know.' , ? , ? ' Would. you use handles ?' asked theiBditor. ? ? ? ' I would not. If people must go out at night let them stop. W.itbput any lamps. All respectable people should be in bod before 9 .o'clock, or should be sent there. Ciiuivh is over bulf-an-bour before that, and they have litre to get home.' . 'I confess,' remarked the Sunb Editor, ' that when one looks up Liverpool -street aud sees the gor l?oonsly brilliant display of lights there is no longer, any wonder why we are called Sleepy Hollow.' ? ? # ' They opened a drinking saloon to the memory of the late Governor Hamilton, I Bee,' began the Worm, ' arid it is as well ? ' ' .Unveilod a fountain, 1 suppose yon mean,' said the Snub Editor; 'Well a fountain, if you are bo very particular. I may say I didp't like the design at all.' 'Why?' wondered the Bottle holder. ' It was averred to be unique. It represented a lily flower with a silver tube — an em blem of purity.' ' I should have (suggested a rab bit's head over a skilly soup plate as emblematical of the late Govern ment Bouse table.' ' Ah,' said tbe Gloomy Man, ' lobk at the good be did us all.' 'Well, he drew bis screw aud relieved us of .thirty thousand or bo. . I knew Uio missos. Sbe opened church bafcaarB und — ahem ! sanitary meetings. She was very fond of eggs when they were no thing a dozen. Yes, Tasmania has some groat people here. They make ii groat tuss abant. the rabbit pest, but. I n.aily don't know bow thatjauguut family wonld have got ?Uin?' ''?I' thiuk taOti ( 'I faooy they'll ,'icjite M-at ip'tbe.Irisn people. They,' love hi in Very much indeed I ,a«i told.',1 ' Did the band play P' asked the 'Barmaid. ? ? ? ?.. ? ? '' It did not.' i' I'm sorry tohear'that. I like to gpi, '^h^re ttyj^bina plays- J always, gp,to.tlio pj}«n.injf:Q,f Piariir.-, ment - because ..oar ? idefeudfire- are always -there. The-$ are euob 'dour boYB.1; P^ntjr;*t^ttWety,^iOt '$.\vo of : tlie same heigh tl' ' ' '' , .'.. , ' But their clothes are all cut on , the punje jpattgr,ni*'t7 'sajd i. Jim this IiDni.y. ..'So.that.cqu&HseB.it;,' ?? kl And then their fedt. - Obi si ni*e and lorge. I noticed one of them who could not turn out his toes without upsetting the man on each side of him. And theu the bnpd — it's so great. Every man u different jhsttuirient. I never knew tbtre were so many .feeya one could play in before I oamecto Hobart.' ?''You htfvt) to cotne'here tolearn you oee,' remarked, the Publisher. 'I do a bit on tlie melodiau my self, and am thinking of joining before Parliament meets. I can play nearly aU 'God Save the Queen ' with the exception of tbe two high notes which are a little wheezey, and that is not my fault, for I only gave a shilling for it, at Crouch's.' . ? ? ? ' It would be handy in case of -war,' said the Worm. . ? * * ' Do you remember that pint of beer T took home with me the other evening V'' asked the Bottle liolde;-. '? 1 remember you . took hpmc eevBjui pints of beer, remarked the Snub Editor, ' and eltraya do if you can get it.' ' 1 meant in a bottle,' returned the other. ?? I took it for a reviver, and W jove it saved ^y life.' ' You had better pitch that story to a temperance lecturer, Sandy, and nee hots you will get on,' said Jim the Luuey. ' Temperance or otherwise, it is a fact. , Yon know I live npon Garden Crescent. When I was passing Fjtzroy Place, just close to the cross roads where they used to bury , the men who committed suicide you know — —' ' Which cross roads ?'. ' Where the roads cross near the bead of tbe «'d burying ground. They buriod slum there in former days in ac ;i):'d inee with an old bar barons custom, with, a stake driven through tfieir hearts for luck I suppose ??— —' .... 'They . bqiiiid a Collios-slreet landowner there I am told,' iiiter rupied tbe Sunday Man. He mur dered another for the Rake of A pieoe'flf 'land there and afterwards cut his throat. The land is in dis pute I believe unto this day. 'Well,' continued the Bottle holder, ' just as I got along there near tho---; cheerful prisons, which are there 3 et, I fancied I saw some thing moving in the shadow. There — there it vras, I tell you — indis- tincjt yet weirdly plain.' 'There what wasp' asked the Worm. . 'It— it — fnan. Those ? things are nor, male or female you know. But anyway it stood under the shadow and shuddered at me. I shuddered too. I beard a grave yard voice exclaim something very solemn, and a peculiar odonr filled the air as if a box of tandstickers had been efet fire to at the mouth of the rivulet. Not knowing what, else to do J approached tlie phan tom. ] knew it was a genuine ghost you know, because it was transparent. As it stood before mo I cjuld distinctly see the seams of its coat behind, like those new photographs of a fellow's bones.' ' Could yon seo bis in'ards ? ' asked the Insignificant Man. ' I oould not ; but I suppose they were long, ago stewed out of his case down there. Ho didn't explhin that be came up here to cool off, but I supposo it was some thing of the kind. As I say, I drew i.ear slowly, and thinking to conciliat; it I tremblingly held out my bottle. It, seized the flask with both' bandtj. I beurd a strange gnrgling noiBe in tbe shadow and advanced home.' ' Ran away you mean ?' said tbe Sunb Editor. ' By no means. I might have advanced with celerity you know, but 1 did not run. It was a lucky escape.' ' Perhaps that beer will lay the spirit,' said the Worm. ' I'm afraid it was uot strong enough, but perhaps it needs it where it is now.' -\ ''Bothwell,' said the Publisher H j' is a game place, i^hey livo from B week to wiek iira'cbrintant whirl of ^M diWtetioliBnqiiBj oiu )niv6t gk ? inell5cl-.oV^«ere.lk ? H. ™ %! ? j' Something like Pontville,' said I Uie Worin.. T , - , v , , ? ? fit is.,.jn-iro^ioayihan,f!ont, ? vijle. Pontville always looks to H m0*isMMt Uatlibacl^ft'flnart^r of airv ^| bourHHth aSm-sh ip.'% at 'Uothweil'' ' ^| iesthe Bpot, Laddie cave them a ? ball quitefn^eifcetSly.^and I cbnspicnouH ainonfftljo quests wgrn ^| ball was held in the big room at ? the cottage, the Raid- room being I about 10ft. long and 8ft, in breadth. I Needless, to feayj4here w«e a few ? crushed 'toes ana ' bruised corns ? next morning. The masic was ? perfect, several taking lums upon I the melodipn. There was one fl couple which looked like r 'brboin- I stick flying round with a match. ? There wns a supper consisting I mostly of rabbis. — M' ? I ' A la vioe^regal,' said -ho Go- I vernmeut.Honseilan. . . . I ' Even bo. Quite fashionable, I but as there was flot enougli to feed I them all, the company broke up I early and left a select few to tncker I ap.' I ? ? ? ? ' It is cheerful,' observed the I Gloomy Man plaintively, 'to see I that we can occasionally rake up I something in Hobart to keep that I classical corrugated iron lighthouse I down Campbell-street alive.' ? ? 'If you refer to our theatre,' I said the Snub Editor, ' I would I prefer that you did not refer to I it in so iireverent a fashion.' I ' It was peichance in some such I tpiiit of reverence as you allude to I that an unknown entered the I dressing room and stole some of the ? valuables. An inquiry disclosed (be I fact that it, was one of the haugers- I on, aud he, foiling n discovety, ? I pitched the things away. They were I found scattered about the rooms I under tbe furniture, and so on. The I money lost turned up wrapped in a I piece of paper. But what etrnck I me was the way in which pit I rowdies vrcve allowed to. insult I some of tbe performers. It was us I bad as a football , match. There I seems no police protection for a I crowd like Stacey's who were doiug I their best to break np our winter I gloom. One Robert could hs.v.i 1 stopped it for ever witii-aEqmmona. 1 But some day I suppose ne will I have a new departure.' . I 'How do you mean? A depar- I tare of more valuables ?' I ,' No, idiot. I mean it is a gum- I beaded hole which won't keep a I play house goiug.' I ' Speaking of valuables,' said I the Worm, ' I recollect a story of a 1 certain society actress who met. the ? I manager one day with, a very 1 saddened air and said she was, I afraid the season would not bo a I success. ' Why F' said Jie. M!ve I billed you at all the best pliices I right through tbe tour.' 'Yes— I jxes,' she answered ; ' it is uot your I part (I fear ?' but. my*- own short- 1 comings. Someorte broke into my I dressing room last night' and stole I all my decrees of divorce.' They ; j woie her letters of cjiedit, you see.' ' ' j ' That was sad,' said tbe Poet. I ' The sublime and the ridiculous 1 are strangely blended in this life. I saw one emotional lady at the ] lioyal the other evening who put ] me hi mind of an incident I wot of long ago : The house was darkened tot tho scene. Finn- sobbed tlio inUGic'e moan ; With arniH outetrekbod she wandered iu And lield 1 bo stairs alone. Her voice stole through thobreatblefs hush In Bilvery toucs Bubduedj Ili-art-brukcu patlios filled and tbrilk'J Thu listeuinjr multtludo. The exaltation of her look, Her pare aud noble grace, Combined with drapery, seemed to nioke A teinpli.1 of the place. Across the grocn baize garden sward, Where trembling moonlight veured, She trailed her long white satin train And slowly disappeared. StilS for a moment more her 6pcll Tlio uudiencc beguiled, When thunders shook the roof and walli I And bandkerchief6 went wild. Softly ulie passi-d behind, aud then Her voice culled shrill aud dear— 'Oh, wher^ Ibc (whew !) ib that galf Matilda, fetch that boor !' 