RRIVAL OF COALMAN-, DANT AND MRS. BOOTH. A GREAT EECEPTION IN THE TOWN HALL. By the express from Melbourne on Friday morning Commandant and Mrs. Herbert Booth, the leaders of the Salvation Army in Australia, arrived in Adelaide. There was a large c owd of "soldiers" and adherents of the blood-and-fin>" organization on the platform to welcome the visitors, and volley after volley was fired as the train steamed into tbe Station. In the evening a public welcome was tendered the visitors. A procession, numbering some 800 Salvationists, left North-terrace, opposite the Railway Station, between 7.15 and 7.30 p.m., and marched through the principal streets of the city, Major Spratt and btaff-Captain Howard being the marshals. Tbe column was headed by a cycle corps of about twenty. A banner bearing the inseription"OfficersandsoldierspromisefidelitytoGod and the Army" caught the spirit of those wbo marched beneath it, and waved enthusiastically in the breeze. In an open brougham rode Commissioner and Mrs. Booth, Colonel Kilbey, and Mrs. Bailey, and cheer after oheer ascended as the ' 'chariot" passed along through the crowds of bystanders. With the flaring of torches and the clinking of cymbals, the enthusiastic company reached the Town Hall, which was filled from floor to ceiling in the twinkling of an eye. Major HoasKISS desired tbe soldiers and lassies, when the visitors ascended the platform, to rise to their feet, shake their handkerchiefs, and shout as loud as ever they could. They carried out the injuncti .n to the letter. After tbe singing of a hymn, which nearly lifted tbe roof, Colonel KILBE; spoke of the hearty and enthusiastic receptions tendered to Commissioner and Mrs. Booth in Melbourne and the other cities of Victoria, Sydney, and Brisbane, and in famous Adelaide and in warm-hearted South Australia he was sure that the reception would be quite as hearty and quite as real as it had been elsewhere. (Volleys.) Colonel BAILEY made a characteristic little speech, in which he formally welcomed the Commis-ioner and bis wife toSouth Australia. When they arrived at Largs Bay they were both very unwell, but, to use his own words, the Commandant had now got " steam in tbe boiler." They might not be able to turn out in such force as the Sydney Salvationists had done, but South Australia, which could lay claim to being tbe mother of the Salvation Army in Australasia, would not be found wantiug in enthusiasm. (Cheers.) Commissioner BOOTH, received with tremendous volleys, thanked them from the bottom of his heart for the hearty welcome they had tendered him. He was not an Australian by birth—that was his misfortune. It was not his fault—he was not consulted in the matter. (Laughter.) It must have been fate that he was born in Penzance, in the extreme south-west corner of England, as near Australia as possible. (Laughter.) In Sydney be had the pleasure of addressing 17,000 wbo flocked to the Centennial Hall during tbe three days they held meetings there. That night he was addressing them in the cradle of the Salvation Army in the Southern Hemisphere. (Cheers.) He was reading in one of their illustrious newspapers—the Register— that there was some little uncertainty as to why Adelaide was chosen as the first city in which the Army was established. With tbe genius that distinguished all newspaper men the Register thought it was because the citizens of Adelaide were more affable and largehearted than anybody else. He did not think the Raiislcr was" far wrong, either, from what he had seen of the people so far. (Loud volleys.) The Salvation Army was like fire—it always broke out where it was least expected, and, like the fire brigade, it was the duty of the Salvation Army to locate the fire and be after it. Ho was going to do his best in the colonies. He did not suppose he would please everybody. (-'Xever mind.'') There were some people vrlio could not be pleased; they were born grumbling. It was natural they should ask of a new leader what were his texts, what was his creed. He believed in God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. What was the cause of the success of the Salvation Army? It had not been wealth ; it had notbeen influence, and it had not been education, but the cause of the effect had been God. He believed in the devil: if he did not he would not be so concerned in fighting him. It seemed to him that the Christian Ctiurch wanted not only a firmer conviction.in the presence of God but a firmer faith in the black destroying Hand of the devil. He believed in Australia. Some might criticise him for sayinp that after being here such a little while. But he wouid remind them that new converts were always the most enthusiastic. The new love was always the sweetest. Any wife in that assembly could confirm that. Their husbands never loved them 60 much as during the honeymoon. (Laughter.) He believed in the Salvation Army because God had made it such an instrument of blessing for souls and lives all round the world, titj maintained that ttie prouuuta of this movement were its best evidences, and it should be judged by itB fruits and not by the sentiments and prejudices of those who did not thoroughly understand it simply because they had not closely studied it. He would give all that lay in bim of strength and of devotion to the cause. He had much pleasure in introducing to them one who, in bis estimation, was the sweetest woman in Adelaide. (Prolonged volleys.) Mrs. BOOTH, who has what can appropriately be described as & " good" face, in the best sense of the word, then rose W her feet and sang one of the Salvation Army hymns to the immense pleasure of the audience.^ Her enunciation was as perfect as her voice was sweet. Lieutenant Findlay, a very clever pianist, played the accompaniment most effectively. This concluded, Mrs. Booth addressed the meeting, and perhaps her speech was even more musical and melodious than was her singing. She has a delightful Dutch accent, and her words fell freshly and sweetly from her lips. There was no need for her apology as to murdering the Queen's English. She impressed one with her restrained enthusiasm and Refreshingly natural dramatic force. After relating the awful sensation of mat de mer in a quaint manner, she said smilingly they had at last arrived at a land of Paradise, and the people were very much like angels. (" You don't know us yet.") She came from the land of dykeB and daisies. Some thought that the people there were only good for growing tulips, but if they read the history of the Dutch Republic they would agree that the Dutch were a wonderful people. The JJutcb wanted freedom of religion, and they fought eighty yean for it. She thought she should have a "special pull" on them, as the Yankees said, liecause two of their lovely colonies had been discovered by Albert Tasman. So had it not been for the Dutch some of them might not have been there. (Laughter.) The Salvation Army did not only parade the streets; they knew how to fight and how to suffer.^ They went down into the ce?spools of iniquity, rolled up their sleeves, and came into contact with the worst. She was amused at the remark of a man to the effect "that if there was any good left in a man trust a woman to get it out. A man was a marvellous schemer, and might have more logical power than a woman, but a woman had mast heart, and heart ruled the world. As Paul became as a Jew unto the Jews to win the Jews, so they became Australians in order to win the Australians for the Master. There was a darkest Australia as well as a beautiful Australia. Let them go to the taverns, to tha dancing saloons, ana tbe gambling-dens, and they would see a different sight. Poor miserable souls, . seeking for peace where it never could be found. What footprints were they professing Christians leaving behind them.* It did not matter if they were Salvationists or not; they were all going to the same Heaven. What footprints were they leaving on the sands of time? Were they such that a "shipwrecked brother seeing would take heart again. 1 ' They would do all they could for the cause in their little way. Some might think it a shocking little way, but they would put all their energy and heart into it. (Cheers.) Mrs. Booth is undoubtedly one of the brightest jewels of the Salvation Army that has ever visited the colonies. It- is the atmosphere of sincerity which envelopes her that makes ber influence felt. 