SAILORIZING 50: YEARS 'AGO No. 5° GLs'Tsn southward, Mladeira and Cape :erde Tslanrds, situate' off the extreme ndrtl 'west coast of Africa:; .-were soon far astern and rapid progress was being made to the equator, or line as it is teirmeid,.'o. o reaching 'which' a -new experience was in store.` ' In' these equatorial regions all sailing vessels suffer detention from a few days to two or three weeks, not a breath of wind .to beIfelt, thedogvane made from the feathers of the albatross hangs in the mizzen rigging like a marlin-spike; the the glassy sea as .motionless. and calm asa duck pond, the rays of the mid day suiin pouring pitilessly on4 our heads, the tar :dripping in scalding drops :on our naked.feet, the pitch in the seams of the deck oozing up and. blistering the soles of our feet, tie belaying,' pinsl and Sbrasswork almost red-hot' and -painful to be handled : this condition of things being supplemented by tropical rains rains never to be forgotten: we hiadl to endure, .as, we .could not :cure, this pleasant:. experience; for we were be calmed t'en days, on the `eleventh': day we :took-up the trades, hand a. soft, beautiful :royal breeze shifted us s-outof, ouir:.:misery, andi the 'doldrums,? aind ito-morrow atfioobn :e were. tocross the linb.:: Bill liad crossed the line:on a previous:. voyage and knew all about the rascalities carried on, but' he -kept: it dark.. :'I ; was:' all ferment 'and anxiety to "see the line," arid lorig before eight bells`: was made we were' aloft on the royal .yaid to watch "the ship ".cross theI line- Come down out of that.you young fools i"' sangout. Mr Fish, who afterwards explained the matter to us- ofecourse we' were the butt of the fok'sle all through bthe day. Thee old brutal custom theii in existence. of being lathered withl grease and tar, and scraped with 'a bit of hoop iron by Professor Neptune, th? ocean barber, was ';iot-observed onboard our quiet craft, presumably, beca~use we. had no ipassengers on' board; '`consequently no rum obtainable-rum: purchased .im-. munity from the disgusting operation.: The ten days we were becalmed' were' ten days of growling, sw'earidg holy stoning, tarring down,, and', scraping barnacles off the ship's side. Hero was hooked our first shark; for days we had seen theirloathsome black finsstealthily gliding, just-above the surface of the' deep blue waters,. but theyhad steered clear of us. "::'O Shark i astern "it sings out the nman' at tihe :wheel, all is '"now` life?and commotion, on board, lockers aie overhauled :-for- lines and. hooks : quickly' one' is baited :with a lump of; fat pork out of the hiarness cask, and Johnny, was soon oni the: poop in his, death struggles, iwhen Cihips,: axe in, handi: whipped offi its tailf and, what I thoughti awful cruelty, two chain-lhooks being procured, one was!put in each' eye, and two of; tlhe hands draigged the ranger of ithies deep fore and aft: the deck till sharkey gave up the ghost;: he measured soni' ten :feet..-: How .Jack does love a 'shark :!and otwitihstanding .these :ravenous : monsters': of the: deep wereihourly in evidence, all hands (not omitting Boy ?oe) used' to' leap from the fok'sle rail inito the lsea for iswim nearlyevery evening we were becalmed, till it was put a stop to by the captain's orders,; When I think what migh haive cu-?n eresUlT- of such" foolsisr ieas.' my blood curdles even now. T'lhe favorini cool trades carried us to ,early twenty:degrees soulth,passin, g Ascension. and St. Helena, after: which the, Cape of Gdod Hope was rounded under most favorable conditions, 'and keepiig to the southard of the 40th deg. S. Lat., we were in. a straight line for Hobart Town, which is about :42 degrees S.Lat, 137 degrees E. Lnig., and withlia fair wind ' might' :have'. negotiated '?the passagei as "straight :as a ruler- bit their's many a slip between theieu' and' the lip::-' On skirting the southern-most. part; of .the Indian "'ocean ' we had all' sorts ;'and conditions of. weather :.t conbatb; for two or, thiee di~ys:hoth vwatches ..were on deck day and nighlt, boxing' round the yards every few minutes, such baffling winds ;: forb oys this was terribly tryin'g'work, unirly: breaking my heart as well as my back; a few more degrees of easting and we ran into bad weather, and had a dose of 'reefing and furling, with spells of warm weather and fair winds, and so we worked our way till within 1000 miles of our destination, when we dropped in for it properly, being driven slap bang out of our course far to the south'ard of Kerguelen Land:; from' 'what I have read :and learned since 'it must hlve been a cyclone: or. ten whole days ahd. nights the fok'sle hatch was battened down- the crew living aft. The 'galley had been washed clean overboard, the doctor .escaping by a miracle-a tremendous green sea lifting it out of the lashings and carry ing it to leeward as if it had been an empty band box; not a bit of cooking could be done, the only hot food obtainable was a pannikin of hot tea morning and night, heated by some contrivance in the cabin--this was a rough experience for a lad fresh from school and home, but Boy Joe "caught on." We were in the greatest danger, Sknew it not---" Where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise. I did not know what fear was, I never saw any danger-the sea was continually making a clean breach over her, landing tons of green water on her deck, everythingaloft ihad been sent down and to'gallant masts housed, the close reefed foretopsail being all she could carry, the sea was one white sheet of hissing foam, the ship heeling over to such a degree that we could not keep our feet, two men being kept constantly at the wlhe'l, and it required all their skill to prevent her from "broaching to;" a white boiling foam was all that could be discerned of the sea, while the spray from the weather side beat on board like a continued hail storm, wettingone through and through aind completely hiding the fore part of the ship, the wind screeching, howling and screaming, the frightful din only to be equalled by the cries of the damned on board the Flying Dutchman (the spectre ship). On the fourth day, during the fornoon watch, a heavy squall struck us, rolling liher clean over on to her beam ends, and blowing the close-reefed topsail clean out of the bolts. Now youngster as I was,I could perceive consternation in our skipper's weather-beaten face, we were in God's hands, humanly speaking we could do nothing, but man's extremity is God's' opportunity. The carpenter's axe was called for to cut away the mainmast, it was in the carpenter's chest down in the fok'sle, and the fok'sle hatch was battened down. What was to be done ? whodare venture for'a'd, the axe was our only salvation -it must be obtained it all hazards. During these few moments of breathless anxiety the good ship recovered herscl. and rested on a more even keel; we were still in the utmost peril as inot a stitch of canvas was On her-no living ,: · .; ' .... " 7.- , " . . . " " man;?,:silor as he might be, dared vehture aloft; so with lines round their waists, :two hands crawled under the weather bulwarks and, by clutching a rape :here and there, managed to reach the windlass and fix a tarpauling ohn the fore stay-how it was done I never knew-- fully two hours elapsed befor?? they madetliheir way aft_ At length thle gaele blew itself out, and with fine weather anid a fair wind.we. stood .i. our course and mode up our lee-way glad to get back to'our 'old quarters; hot pea soup i~add- iour regular rations> The sea e:as still nruiiiingan inountiis high and siip the rollin"g h?'vily,'ithe" boatswai-n,? George. dunring" all this bad weather liiad iot forgotten to impose on Boy Joe' at every opportuifity-? nieithtei had Boy Joe forgtten hiis vo" w ITwas the boy's duty tod haIld downi the hiatliih tihe food i for tie crew's fise, taking suclh dutyin turn day by day. This Tuesday, pea-?soup day, is miy turn, ship stillll roRing neirly gunwale unider, .'tis eight bells, and staggering from the newly erected galley iWitih ?i kid of lit pea-soup, a the fk'sle.: hatch is sa.fely negotiated; beldow there !look iout.! the hoatswain, with Iarms ui!plifted ~i to? relieve m:e " of the kid, receiives :the whole :of ith e?i? :sou p n ?? hi" face, smotherin hiinm frm; head to 1ooitI tfli kidh lild abou st q?iirtts' s?Burnin wiitli anger anild paini. he rus:led "on decl? ,and "gwe it .me right anid left, I took it- like lamb ut wa?is soketry tlt ?il hands: hd. :to go iwithodiit their, pea soup I couldn td withstand .the' temnptaeion of letting Georg ,'hve it, strangel :Ii ??-eceived no :·furtli~r?ill treatment from him. -::We :were 'now passing Cape Pilai:.and thie 'roii Pot, and had entered thle noblest fiver south of thle liiide:theu Derweint:. When off South Arm ai?'vhale-boat ran alonigside, manned by a c.drew of coiviets' chained to the thwarts,'tswas: thu pilot ?bbat-, throwinrg a ro pe ladder over tile side, the pilot:isu i charge. c Lucswas his name, · aqueer customer ie was, ie had .lost.a portiidn of his ;face a bullet froin: a bushranger's: gun had passed through his throat, carrying avawa,the .roof of his mouith mhakinig his utterances pecu:iarly unipleasant and indistinct : however, there nwas one order he gave pleasanity distinct ' Send up that' bag of aipple out :of-the boat h there, miy lads:!" :siys he,; pitch ihdto them beauties !" and a 'real royal feaste' 'e h!ad of Tasmanian. ribstone pippims-' my palate still retains the flavor. '.* short sitay.ajnid"-?argodiscilarged, we' took in a quantity of coal for ballast,' hides; talloiw anid a iniscellanheous lot of situff. and :leavin"g the beautiful Der went wevsailedl through Storm' iinj,' shaping direct .for the Cape,of Good pHdpewhich was safely reached: 'Here: we filled :up w::ith'' wool .-ahd 'deck passengers in thfle shape of bullocks for' St. Helena .In makirig this rui we met with some terrible weatlher, but in duo course. arrived at: our idesitihation;, passengers :all safe aud. sound. St Helena is a stern, perpendicular rock, Napolebn's place of captivity, death and hbrial' Of cburse I 'isited the tomb aid gazed with iawe ' at the " weeping willows" I alosoat:thii risk of' ny lieck, hcdomplished the feat of asceniding and descendinig Jacob's .Ladder, which wivas considered a great t:.est of nerve, the stnirway being a series of steps cut in the perpendicular ::rock. Leain Helena with a faii::wind, we were so over tthe equat.rWitkh-the Polsar saj.l tafour uide The return voy e' no incident tovay: the monotoinyof sa life, although the other boys and myself ocdasidnally came to grief for being boyish. Runhning up Channel the lead line was being constantly hove by a hand in the main chains, whose weird like cry of "By the deep nine !' brought to nmy young recollection Pierce and Shield's beautiful lines F:tor Engiland when with fav'ring gale; 'Our gallant ship in mid-channel steer'd, Ai nd scudding under easy sail, \- The hligh blue western land appeared. i To heave the lead the seaman sprung,' And to the pilot cheerily sung B. " : y the lead nine I" ,There are csome men who .thinkit brave to outrage decency by expressing unbelief and irreverance for our Father in: ieavoen but there are fev;w 'suich mniong those "who go down to the ?sea jin ships." The power of the -ilmighty is never so forcibly in upon: the ii tellect of His creatures as whe'in' the silent watches of the night thei- sailor reads his beneficent laws in thi stais which guide tim over the trackless deep in the storm and tempest, and at other times sees tie grandest and strongest workmanship of the--builder crushed and sunk before a boat canciiE lowered from the davits. And so tihe much lov'd shore we near,' With transport we behold the'roof llhere dwcelt a friend, or pirtner dear, Of faith, a love a matchless proof. The lead once more the seaman flung, And to the watchful pilot sung "Quarter less five l" We are now safely anchored off Gravesend and Boy Joe must clew up his lyarn, and whilst busy with the clewlines he would like to tell the lads who have followed him through this sailorizing business, that habits of punctuality, regularity, smartness and implicit obedience were the result and outcome of that voyage, lessons never to be forgotten, lessons which all through life have aided him in many a struggle, and although discipline was strict, work and fare hard, still he never regretted-Sailorizing 50 years ago. (Th1e end.) 