.Business w&s; exceedingly dull in Hornborough; anoist df -Hie claims in the immediate vicinity of that once thriving' t<nw9)S|p were alxajotoed, and the few still 'held were working In a half-hearted manner indicative of anything tout confidence. The trade ftxttn blue outside ca<mps, usually pro HbaMe, had shranik in volume, and ©till more in ready cash, owing to the long drought. .And the prospects off Horaborough looked very blue indeed, ifor if shott aceouttts mate long friends, long ac counts make clamorous creditors, or at least, so thought John Carey, stare keeper of Hornfborottgh, as he perused several official looking documents in forming him that hishills were over due, tha t Hie usual ^raoe had .been extended far .beyond "the ondanaiy time in has case, and really he jnust remit a certain sum by a certain date if he wished to stay legal proceedings. John put !>y the letters with ta tsigh ; whether he would (be a!ble to remit any sum, big or little, depended upon the way the sfcone would turn out from several <flalms, the owners «tf which John had credited ,ft>r provisions and explosives till they could crush; the stone was ready, tout 4he daan of «flhe ULjax: jtnill was diry. iAmd whetheS* the fetone at grass would pay anything over caTting and crushing, which had to 1>e squared 'bdfore John's turn came, was & problem which only a heavy Call oif rain would solve. TChe dky gave no indfcation that 4he Jong drought would break up. Thunder clouds had, indeed, carded in tantalising pToxilmfty, Ibnt had pre cipitated . theSr (precious freights amongst the ranges oipon either side, leaving the Horriborough Oredk as dry as<a parched pea . 'And mow the clouds bad deaied away and with; them all chance <rf rain for an indefinite period. So it <wos no wonder John, Carey feltdespondent. He diad' gnoiwii gney. upcm Hie field. Siauee lie gaxie up packing, which, was his occupation Jbefore Che dray road tjpeq^d, for the snore settled oeeu paction jo£ storekeepiing when lie mar ried ; he Hiad made money fin the flush times, Sad outstayed' most of this com panions of the early diaye of the field, and Met gradually turned a substantial balance in the Sank to nn oveitLr&fit.; He might a<t one time 'hia ve cleaned out wiifah a Hair start, tout now tie .had to stand ftor fiali with Hornborpough. .Tallin's gjlioomy meditations weaie broken iai upon <by a customer, or mione connectly speaking hy « visitor, ae tfhe stnajlg>er dfid not come to purchase any CMmr. "'Mr <Jair*eyi, I presume?" "Yes, ear, ffcliait is my name. WJiat csan I do for you." The newcomer, a sliort spare man about forty yea®s of age, dressed in a grey tweed euiifc, fidgeted about first iipon one degb <tbm< upon the other, and seemed ®t a iLoos 3iow tfid begin the ImsLness She 'had caliedi about. } "Hot a digger or <a station hand,'' thought John; "aoad certainly mot a commencialL" The SittJe ansm tat ILenigfch found voice. " I am a Sbranger da this part of the ciounitry. K arrived liere ihas morn ing, and at preserat am putting up at', the Golden Curry Hotel. (Hearing «hat you were ia ytsry c3cL aiessjcLerat I -loot the Jiiberty of calling upon you for a |fl;tlt$e anJtonmation. My l^aime fe <Smugg, JaanesSnngg." "I Eihaili bfeJbfljppytfo give you wtoajt JfflifioMaWon I can, or inender any as sistance 4u my <power," «saM John, who was always obliij^Lng. <fW<hat informa tion is it yjou requixie -?** "Thank you, ®r, thank you," ex claimed tfee little ma.nl; now quite at has ease. "I swash to know -wlnese 4ihe best gold was obtained upon this field, I me-am the greatest quiamtMy, (the r&dh; est claim." "Well, sir," rejoiwed Gamey, *Ut is tuoit aftwjays ffllie addh&st; claim tdisat yields tihe greatest quantity of gold naming several claims wSfih large bodies *>f stone asoid a flow average per ton, that 'had tunned out laige quanti ties of gold. ^But for a claim tihat showed a fair body of ^tone .witih a hagii average while it lasted, you could not 9jesa<t tli-e "Golden H3og, wibiiicili <wtaii nearly 20oz. to the 4o» «tliie finst CFUSll ilig'. A3i, 'Uisiit *was ;lfrhie lime t here nvere good citusliiims^s .nearly .efvery; wherei you £hou£d <liiave seen the crowds aibouft 'here tdien." "Yes, I can weSl believe it. I sup pose the owner® of the Oolden Hog (a straznjre naime 'by the way), mode lairge fortunes out of dare mine." i "No, .they dad not do as well as anfighft toave (been exjrectted; tihene was some dispute as tfo 4he iiTwportaon of ownership anwmgsfl . the share hoMeris. and' alloaijr witih tihe celebrity of owning «the riidheist claim oa tihe field, they <5aiiraeid the <bigg©st *h;Hig in law suits of ffchfe period. Hhe ease see sawed backward and feMns^aid hefcweea <3ie different 4331 the proceeds of the claim, roiMtih -batd mot been spent in champagne, went in law." "Js the claim wlorldng' how ?" ? ''Ohfe no; 4t toa® been Mile for yeans." "But .why (Leave sucsh <a valuable propea^ idle ?'* "Tihe reef piieehed." "Good gnadtoius, did it burt anyone. I Md no idea such things toppenied ; voimmdie action I suppose." "I am -afiraid. you do not understand our aniiTiiing, phraseology," said Jodrn smiling. "I <mean .fchafc $he reef cut out «ut a deptih, and tfliey were not <aMe to fiaiKi it "Obj, I imdteinsfcand now; I "belonged to a geological cflfass in Ixmdooi,, but the teran you -used' wta& mew to me. And! wiliere is this valuable property situated ?" : *1Mi!ere it as, right in- front jof you on Uhe MJi side yonder, which from foot to summit take® Ias <fche Golden Hog. Ite nwmibens and several otiher claims are all aibamdraued ait present. "BLe&s; my soul, I sbouild never irtave thought it; and I bave actually seen men walking al$»at appai*ently looking Cor work." ry asfcelyj '"bust you see a man re quirres money to tajcfele ;a jott» like tihat, and there "has been a gtooddeaTo? vwrk done that any party taking <up ifce ground nosw would reap the foeaue&t; of. Sou see {that heap of rock near tbhe foot of tihe Mil below the old workings, that is the tunnel which. Maori Jack and Ms mates carriedin. I3nad great lifopes of tihaifc when they started to drive, '.hut it was a failure," said Jothn wiifeh a siglliy <as .the remembrance of the share the toad ihe3d, and the unpaid bills for provisions and explosives for the fjairty, recurred to Mm. Af ter <a few -more questions relative to 'the field an general, and the manner of taking up ground under tihe Mining Uegulat^anis, Mi? Srnugg took bis. de parture. "I wonder who -he fis, and what lie Is after," thoijgihit John. "He is aimo eent enoughs and ignorant enmigih for a mining expert. He .is certainly not a newspaper- reporter, at least moit a colonial one. If ihe is a speculator I hope be *has plemity of the needful, it requires something (to liven up &m.; pSace ®ofw.'* ALr Saiugig, npon leaving Ciaieyv went 'to the Warden's Office^ <took out a miner's Tight^ bougM a Hook of 43ie goMfield'is regulations, and went back tto the Golden Curry to tea. Next anoming at dayligiht be started for the GoCden Hiog MCI with. «an axe upon ,liis sbooilder^ and "having pegged off as near as«he could guess the airea avowed tea "toy tJh<j angulations^ and set up Ms ntolWee to the effect. tihiat James Smigg 'had taken up the land ?as a mining claim; went "back to -break fast, not having done a bad morning's work, coansMerasog the roughness of tihe ground. After breakfast £5nngg paii<l Joftin Carey another vast, explaining tfliat lve bad tak<m .up the Golden ER?g^ and wished to purchase tool® and necessar ies, and would' be gladof any advice that Jo$m could give Mm as to the 6est maimer of starting work. "Ton have taken up this ground for a company I suppose," said John. "Oh, (dear no! I am aJone in the venture." "Then I suppose yon will require a few men* or perhaps. -wish to form a party io work the ground* wfiJi you ?" "Xo, I ehail not employ any -men. and as to forming a party, I shaJl be elble to "maize better terms when I find the gold." John thought that no doubt he would when he did find it. but re plied 'that he would be most happy to supper him: with whajtjever **8 re quired.*' Snugg choee a double-ended pick. shoveL axe. and a few other things, and asked John If he had any tents." Xor Jolm had not: the nomadtc pop ulatkxn -had given Hornborough best years ago, and with them departed the demand fior tents, but "he could supply him with a few sheets of Scon, wMch woold be as cheap and far -more com fortable than a tent. To which Snngg agreed- and jwirli John's assistance picked out a sufficient quantity for his purpose. "I intend to commence operations in the tunnel you pointed out to me yesterday, carried in. I thiol: you said, by a Maori man." 'Maori Jack," corrected John, "be was a white man. but called Maori Jack from bis long residence in New Zealand, and you could not do better than camp where Jack and his mates tlid : jusit below the tunneL" So it was arranged that John was i i eend down the tools and icon to the place mentioned. ?Snugg then informed John *that he 'liiind no practical experience in mining but reckoned tihat lie knew something of the science of geoHogy, learnt at the class before mentioned in London, which was presided over by a -learned professor. Since his aaaival in Austra lia he had become iaofbned with the id ea that there was a fortune for him In gold mining somewhere. He had ac cepted an engagement in one of the Northern coast towns, but being dis satisfied wrfch his pcs&soiv; and in the meantime having heaxd of the fame of Hfamboroiigh. 'he had determined- to pat his future to the ' I have about £50. and that ought to last a man a Ion? (time with. care, f know nothing of mining, oral am not over strong', .but its all luck, as it nof?" interrogatively to John. "Just fancy how glad my <Httle wife would be and Dolly, that is my little girl." and a tear stood in Snugg's eye as fie mentioned his dear ones. John Carey was not a bad fellow by any means, he had taken the little mgn before ham, for one of 'the trusted eeoafcs sent by capitalists tf» spy oni the value of the land, and had felt gjiad whiten he heard that the Golden Ho/ ^ad been tfeaken up again, as even the trial of any cSaim. whether suceess fui or sot. would eniiveii business while the wort proeeded ; bat when fee realised the troth, a jloor enthus last instead of a salaried employee, his aQaselenee smote him, and he felt that he ought to toil Snugg at once that he had not the ghost of a chance of ^access in die task he had under taken^ and for the «ake of his wife and ehiki urge hhn to go back to the cities and follow the Sine that would ensure Jfehem a <comtfortab?e living. He gfowginfr: however, from taking the liberty upon such a short acquaint ance^ though of aM the attempts that i*siA been made to revive the fratofles of Horffborough, this one iappeered the most tforikmi and hopeless. But Snug seemed so confident, £5at ,r^y» oovjd eee it -weak* be m> easy jpatter to 4^fepcaiajrt A week ct » in1,1" , Wliy don't you try and jump it in for that distance, said the man of iron, two's work will lie better than all I eou&dsay.; thought John, and that won't hurt him . So Snugg set to wort, Ms ardor undamped by good advice, and managed La a few days «to fix up a fair humpy: then he turned Ills at tention to 'the runnel which, having been In hard <rock its w&ole; lengEli. was in good condition. The former owner® had run their muEoek out in tracks, having wooden rails for this propose, though the rails and sleepers had long- since disap peared : but acting on John's advice Snugg contented Jiimself with a Corn ish barrow, being assured by Oarey that he would not find the wheeling out of the rock anv trouble when it was broken out. having cleaned out the tunnel of the few barrows of rock scattered along it, Saugg started at the face. The tunnel bad terminated in a belt of blue rock, which Maori Jack had averred was at? hard as the hobs of hades, and \Snngg; innocent of the use of drllis or explosives, attacked this belt of bell metal with his double ended pick. At the first blow delivered with a good swing the pick reSbounded, and about an inch of the point dropped off. Strange, thought $®ugg, as be ex amined the broken poim, not a flaw in at; turning the other point he balanced himself for a second stroke, this time the point turned round in urate protest, and, though useles 'for the time, es a pick, it made 4 very fair book, &g;*§>liise& for tke ppeee&f;^ Snugg went to Carey and explained Ms trouble . 44 You fan do nothing In that rock without drills and explosives, Mr. Enugg." said Carey. ?'.Well, you hare been mining be fore: could yon not tell me what T require 7" ~Tfhy, yes. I can do that easy enough, bur how will you use them when you have them ?" \- Oh. I think with a little instruc tion. such directions as yon can give me. I shall9>e able ro manage. I don't expect to do much for the first few days." ~ Of -course. 1 shall be .glad to give you any directions that I am able, but really. Mr Snugg, your own safety depends upon your knowing what yon are about when you are using powder or dynamite." * Yes, yes. I am aware of that: I have the theory all right, and aifter a litffle practice I shall manage well enough." Acting under John's advice he bought a couple of bars of steel, got them cut in proper lengths toy the blacksmith, and pointed ; arranging with the man to point them when re quired. And packing under Carey'ts direetic®< a hammer, scraper. aai*l tamping bar, went back to the tunnel, accompanied by Carey, who good nat uredly offered to show him how to enter the hole. John «beat the hole in about 4 inches, and told Snugg to keep going till lie got it down a couple of feet, explaining that he would liave to get Me dtiUfi pointed again before be got Qfti <teptb, as the vocis. was vrrr hard. Jolin promised to load the h for Snusrs when he had it deep Left to himself. Snngg set to iworfc v/Vj a will to -master the mysteries of single-handed drilling, and after a few minutes work, became convinced the hammer, he had felt certain i-. first was too light. was. if any thing, too heavy : turning and holding the drill, -which -seemed child's play at the commencement, bad now <Jrrel oped into a most unusually racksngper fomianee. Snugg. tiring, hung «apon the drill, letting it -"bear the weight of hie arm jiisreiul of holding j£ free, with the usual result that the drill running the hole, crooked and jamm ed: after much trouble Smigg got Tiiims big school of wihales? retorted Hick. the drill out, and finding that lie could get the hole no deeper, resolved to charge amd fbeftng anxious to letCarey see he was aiot such a imiff alter tall. Hehad got the hole aibout ten inches deep, and after carefully cleaning it, put Jn afbout four Inches of powder. He' carefully prepared his tamping, for John Jiad told him it was most, important to his ovvji isaifety as well as to the effectiveness of the shot, and -Snug?* -was very careful over this part x*f the business. iSo careiful, in deed, that ihe put in a couple of hand fuls of tanking before ihe thought of the fuse. Feeling sure that the fuse had to "be used, t»ut not quite certain as to when it came in, Snugg cut a length off and inserted it, tamped up, eet lit alight, and cleared out o!f the ftuenaifel; but oo report 'followed, uaid Snugg, having waited a considerable time, went up to the store to report progress to John, who, after a few Questions, <soon fathomed the reason of the miss-fire, as well as (Snugg's Inability to fbo're the hole any deeper. Carey went hack with him, and drawing the charge, re-charged and fired it for him ; and giving ham a few moire directions, left him again *o his own deWees. (Meantime the jutaor 'had gone forth "that 4ih'e «GoMeh Hog had (been, tak^iip-^for' a coanpa&y; tfyat would epend a faSbulous amount to find the lostreeif, and that the manager was on the gtound. All the hangers-on usual to old digging townships, and not a £etwi toiaess interviewed Snugg wifch a view to employment, but when, the truth dawned upon them that this mlld-Iooking little man had .taken upon hlxiisellf the task of driving through the Hog Hill, they turned away, gome in disgust, somie in amusement, tout all (With the belief that James Snugg wae a ^hangie short. <a haianless luiia> ftde, «md left Man to hisFoIly as Aihey re christened the Hog tunnel. Happily jjgmioratnit as to their opin ions, Sougg coiDltinued' dsn 'hiope. The flat chested, -narrow shouldered, seedy, weedy looking little man had true grit in him. for in spite of skinned elbows and knufekles, useless shots and broken implements, he stuck to his work like a Trojan. His progress, of course, was slow, and the £3glitr <of him at first would have -given a miner the face ache. He was rather pleased at the visits he received; "They begin to 6ee the value oif the ground now that J have taken it up," he remarked to Carey one evening, when he iad taken his usual stroll. (Buoyed by "hope and interested by the novelty of the -work he was doing, the time passed pleas antly enough with ISnugg. \A man that pays his way and who is occupied in any big work on a goldfield, will always meet with plenty* of encour agement in the way olf advice aad esptessed ibeBef in his ultimate re ward, though he jaay find it hard to get sulbstaaiial assistance; Jmt for tunately <for himself, Snaigg did not require more than cMn music, and of tails he got plenty. . ~ T5iere were dozens wailMajg' io &take; their lives he would succeed, teat none would have bet coin upon it, even if itliey liaKl had rtlie co5n. 'to .wager. Nor were the evenings as dull as he ex pected ; there -was always a crowd albout Carey's and the Golden Curry, and a free and easy debate was al ways kept up till bedtime. The glory of Hoiniboirougtk am ilie past, aiad its expectations (for the future, were the usual themes under discussion. ThougOi weak in (practical mining, Snugg fancied MmseJf in geology, which science twas, of course, themost interesting to the men of Hornibor ougih, and- in the science of geology tliiere were two Masses or facl&Mits; i5i' Hol"nl>oixnig3i . OB& pai'ty, led by Cornish Bill, who, it was raid, had been iborn in a miuej and lived mostly in one ever since; and the other pres ided over by Oork Mick, who, though a miner in hie latter years, iiad pass ed his youth and early niaoiSiOod «at sea. Two cliauiplous more dissimilar could not be <met. Bill, tall, dark and thin; ftlick, short, fat and as red as* an angry sunset; and their theories were just as opposite as their persons. Bill advanced the theory that all the metals, heavy and precious, were boiling away in the centre of the earth, and when the lot bo51ei too hard It opened cracks in the earth just like the steam lifted the lid off a pot or kettle, and then of course, the stuff boiled up over. The gold being the heaviest wa& Slung uptihe hsbsbest, that .was the: reasoiii&ejr; fua# itb etek & cer tain distance -before they got tlie mun* die. 3Bf they wanted to prove it, let them take a, frit of iron stone or galena in their bands among eome lighter stones and throw them up together, and they would fled the heaviest pie ces would go the furthest. Bill's theory found £ke greatest number of followers; Mick was very dogmatic, and: had a few very detemu ined disciples. Mirk mtamtaiiied' tiie gold never came up at all; "the worrld was adl asay oncest, aaid it was the hones from the fish that lived in the ould ancient toimes that made the goold, the little fish like sprats and whitebait made the fine stuff, the bag ger ones made the nuggets, and a, quartz reef was the backbone of a whale. Shure, and -don't the cap ov a reef look just like the hump ov a whale. And jhaven't Oi worked one or two jneself, and whin I elaiued tbiui all up at was just <bhe shape ov wan ov thim crathures would be, and thin you wiH find say shells on- top ov the highest hills." " llhat's what I call Ignorance,"' said -Bill. "If the iswtfeice ehosw yer worked was the backbone of a whale, wot do yer make of reefs like they are on the Towers that go down thousands of feet." *" Thim's 'big schools ov whales," retorted Mick. " Shure, I've geeo thousands ov .tSiaan." If £nugg did not improve in the science of geology, he picked -up a good deal of information as to the early history of the held, and not a few useful hints as to his every day i-e qu<iremente. Weeks iran into montihs, and Snuggtfattained a fair amount of skill in his work, but as he gained proficiency, he lost confidence with tihe knowledge of the works ; he foegan to realise the magnitude of the task lie had undertaken ; a few strides me ant -months of work, and the gold, if there at all, might -be hundreds of feet away. And .besides there were 'the dif ficulties that confronted' him in the tunnel in the foam of rock -nearly as hard as cast iron-. Snugg bad heard disquieting news from -home ; the arrangements he had made for the support of his wife and child had failed. And al though his wife had bravely tried to hide her distress, so as not to dis courage hion, or turn him from ivhat she thought might be a fortune (judg ing -by Ms finet letters), Snugg could tell (things were not going smoothly, and sent her a part of his scanty store. And now he could see that a iweek at the utmost would be all be could remain, even if he spent his last shil ling. True, Carey had offered to sop ply him with provisions and explo sives ; the butcher to give hion freef, and tiie blacksmith to point his tools, as long as he liked to work; more in respect to his pluck and honesty than in any expectation of his success; tbut Snugg shrunk from debt. Besides^ he must do something for his wife and child. "Its no use " he eaid to the black smith.-" I'll have to give it best; if I could have only got four or five feet further I would have givan it up with out so much regret; but that means three weeks work Cor me. 4 Well, why don't you try and jump it in for that distance," said the man of iron. " Olf course jt is not as easy in a drive as it would be in a shaft; but if you are care£ I entering your drill, you jnay be sbh : j try it sis or seventfeet, gout ahead .a, trcvo or three days. And if you strips quartz, you are sure to know it> I'll lend you that bar of steel for a jumper." The smith's suggestion gave Snug^ new hope. Carey helped him to enter t&e; hole, and Saugg worked away aft it for two days seitfmt scciSe&tJ; He had got the hole in about.five feet; hiis bandls were skinned, and every drive -he - made at the irodk with his jumping bar, made hsm feel as df he had the point of it between his shoulders, and' an iron hand around his «hest. Gamin? to the mouth of the tunnel. tor a spell, a passing- miner handed him a letter. The mail had arrived that afternoon, and -Oarey, who acted afc ^Postmaster, peeing- a letter for Snugg, and knowing that he would be anxious for the news, gave it t<r the man *who was going by the tunnel to deliver. The letter was from his wife, still uncomplaining and hopeful, and as usual, full «if suggestions for his safety aJBd "comafokfc, but Wd$h the oimlintous dT^ rectkm-: MSendi your letters ,to tilie XJeait eral Post Offiee to ibe left till called for." Enclosed was a note from Dolly which was more to the point; it was only a few lines, but it took up the whole side of a sheet: fol- Miss Dolly had only just passed 4he pot-bowk and hanger stage in caMgrsuphy. It ran thus : " I>ear Papa, do come bom#, and let <me know, for I shall ihave to look out <for the steamer, for you would, never be able to find out where we live now. (Such a little house in such a little street, and such funny people, and, oh (my ! they say suck bad words. We have only bad bread and tea for such a, long time, ,but I wouldn't mind that, if masmima did not cry so. <A man: came yesterday and spoke so crofes, and jsaid we should have to leave; Fan sure I should foe glad to go back to where we lived beifore. So. do come home, dear papa, as quidk as you can, and never mind the gold, if you can't carry it. Mama tells me that ?it'Is-ever so .much heavier than any thing else; so don't you troiible about it," here followed a lot -oif crosses an£ dots, which .Dolly had arranged be fore he left, should mean kisses af diff erent degrees. _ Snugg had stuck fcravely to his work, and no -one will think lees of Mm as ai main, if we say "the little note took the vim . for. work out of him. He went hack into the tunnel and' swung the bar for *a feiw more strokes. It was near sunset, he might as /well knock off, yes, and give ifbefet. Draiw^ ihg out the. bar he ftalried at to the month ofthe tunnel, then recollecting that he had a- few pounds oif dyriamifce left <he had Ween using that lately), he resolved to put as much of it as he could in the hole and fire it ;ttnore out of cariosity than anything else. Srnigg earefully poshed down plug after ping till the last o!f his stock had disap peared. then slipped in the primer and fuse. The hole was too flat for water so he staffed it np "with soiffc clay, and firing it, he cleared to the mouth of the tunnel and sat down just below on a ledge of rock, a few steps down from Hie tunnel. I ehall hesar a .good report for my last two or three days work," said Snugg. to hiomself, with grim humor. The Report soon came, /but not such a cannon as Snugg had expected ; It was a dull hieavatng kind olf sound, tha't to "the experiewed .miner d-eawrte© a good wh'ot; 3>nt Snugg cashed Battle afbmit the shot. (As he leaned back against the .rock, he was thinking of his wSfe and child, the privations they were suffering, and what they would suffer before he could succour them. The shattering of "the golden.1 dream, bitter as the disappointment was at first, pafcd before -this iwaMe. He had footed away emo-ugii time, ihe would Shoulder Ms swag in, rthe morning, tramp to thSe coast, Tbeg (his passage or travel as stowaiway, bull he would get to shas wife and chiM some way or other. Snnigg had just ©oime 'bo W resolufckwi, when lie was etaifed <by a stream of water frilling upon the iback of his neck ; the novelty of the circumstance did riot occur to Mm at the time, he was too thoroughily dejspomdenit to take any other view of the -case but that fate had iH-useid (him, and' now added \- Insult to injury "by Hiooiwiag cold water upon hiini, aaid dirty .waiter at that. Getting up and ^oxng <to the month of the tunnel. 'Samgig saiw a email stream of water running along Ms bar row track. lAffhtinifi: hie «candle he followed' It «p the fafce. His shot had indeed dtoe great wnwlr, it had - tlirown ou t a Stewge quantity of rock, left a lot more sMken. up, and cleaned a srn'all iiole furtSier In than he could reach. The waiter was running from tMs cavity; had Simgg ever cat a reef (at a iow level, toe mngilut liave had some suspicion off the treason of liihe flow of water, but it wQ£s curiosity, flot hope that induced -Mm -Uo g» So the mouth of the .tunnel for the bar. Get tang tMs he began poMmg: at dBie rock from ,which tfihe waiter iwas flowing:; it was veay hard, but (bte&nig; ^hafc- en' toy the shot It biloke easily, (and Simgg got out a fair sized1 piece. He could tell it was different rock (to that he had been driving Sn* and taking fit to the mouth of the tunnel ihe felt certain It was quartz. Kxa.mffnrong' ft as well "jDo job, fcMak its a reef I'xe struck 3"- Said as the waning light would allow; Snugg Wl thought he saw something like gold ? In (if, But scarcely dianed to hope. One I thing he felt certain, of, and1 that was ^ Chat it was quartz; the would take it to Carey and set at! doubts at test. Garey was at tela* and at once invited Snuggto a cup ; takanig -Hie stone frtwn Mm he at once pronounced ft quartz, and looking doseJy at it exclaimed ^ excitedly, "by Heiavens, fif .that is gold that 5s showing' tin it, It is the best stone I have seen since the Hog's first crashing." , "Do yon thank fit a® a reef that I . have struck," said JSmugg wafch sup pressed excitement. "It can toe nothing else by the way yo-n have described it; hut come on down and Jet us have a -look at a." Further Investigation fuliy bore out thear expectations, 'It Is1 the reef sure enough," said Carey, as he hroke tSuropgii it with $he bar >to the opposite wall, eighteen drndhes thick, and if the stone Ifooks &s; well by daylight as it does by tihe candle, ft is good for 20oz. to the toil. jingo, Sarngg, you are a lucky man, and if it "continues we shall have the old "times back again." T/iHie more (remain® to he ttold, unless we go on to describe tEe changes that took place tin Hornborough, which transformed that poverty stricken townlship into one of the liveliest min ing -camps In the North. The stone looked better if anything in daylight, than It dad' toy alight. Bniugg insisted upon Carey taking a share wfith hftm. "I want a, few pounds you kn<ow," sand Snugg, "to send home, besides enough to take out a few tons of stone." "Oh, but you can get anytMng you wamf now from the bank with the show you have; you got it tali yourself, and you deserve all you have got," eaM John. "Fes, but if you ihad not stood the expense of carrying Dtoe tunnel within a few feet of the gold, I should never have been afcle to have .touched the reef. I want someone to show me * how to work it, ®o if you jionTt take a share, I shall offer it to someone else ; hessades af jpou don't like to take it for notlhiina*. you can "let me have a Share In your business in "exchange." "My debte, you -mean1. All right, old m man, I am with you, and we wall soon knock a erupting out." And1 so they diid: the first lot that went to the aniil gave twenty ounces to the ton!, beating the fintffc crushing; of the Hog by two or three ounces to Hie Asm, with plenty more to follow. Snugg did not Heave Hornlborough, but an urgent wire diid, to the effect that Dolly <and her mamimai were to come up in the first boat, amd thfrfc the need ful for all ex's was to be had at a certain, bank fcr the askdng. Of counse they did aJsk and stsurit for HornlxM'oii^h too, but a® this fis only a C3 vs&fcmas; story we camnot follow thcilr fortunes Into the new year, but hope that ali our readers will have as fair prospects to commence on, as our friends Snugg and Carey of the Golden. Hog, Hornhorough. -n*x*n*x*ii*x*||*x*|| * * * * * * .* THE END' rll*x*li*x*U*x*!l*x*ll . 