HOW A BRAVE PRIEST DIED. THE NEW ZEALAND BOATING FATALITY. In the New Zealand Tablet to hand this week we have the full details of the death of Fr. Newport, of Port Chalmers. The priest was drowned at Dune din on August 31. He was a good swimmer, and lost 'his life in saving one of the boys, having exhausted his strength in keeping the boy afloat. On Sunday morning (says the Tablet), accom panied by a man named John Docherty and two altar boys, Lawrence Ruddy and Thomas Pounds, he went, as usual on such occasions, in an open boat, 16 feet long, across the harbour. He heard Confession, said Mass, delivered a discourse, and af ter.a very light braakfast left again by boat for home. The weather was described at the inquest by John Docherty as ' dirty and rainy, though there was not much wind.' On the way across some islands are passed, and gusts of wind are not unfrequent. The sail was rather big — it was not the sail belonging to the boat — but no apprehension was felt on account of either wind or waves. The boat got to within about 150 yards on the Port Chalmers side of Quarantine Island. Docherty was in the stern of the boat, and held the sheet. Father Newport sat on the weather side ; the lad Pounds sat beside him, and was in the bow. The wind sud denly died out, and as suddenly ' filled aback' 'before the sail was let go. The boat turned over, and the occupants were thrown into the water. Fr. -Newport called out to the lad Pounds — the youngest of the party— to hold on to him. Pounds states that the priest swam on his back a few yards from the boat. He afterwards swam to the boat, and the lad caught hold of the sprit with one hand, while he still clung to the priest with the other. Father Newport used all his efforts to save the lad. A few minutes afterwards the boy noticed that the head of the priest was under water, and cried out, ' Father Newport is drowned.' He had to loose his hold on the body, which drifted motionless away. The water was very cold. A rescue party from Port found the appar ently lifeless body of Father Newport, still floating, some distance to leeward of the upturned boat. When the lad Ruddy struck out for the shore he had only gone a few yards when he got bottom. The boat had drifted towards the island. When Docherty left the boat he immediately found his feet touch bottom. Ruddy swam back to the boat and took the lad Pounds ashore in an exhausted state. Father Newport's watch stopped at 2.30. The rescue boat did not reach the scene of the acci dent for three-quarters of an hour after the occur rence. Dr. Cunningham e examined the body at 3.45, and found life extinct. Though it was pretty certain that life was extinct when the body was recovered, the usual measures were taken by one of the party to restore animation. Docherty declared at the inquest that shortly after the lad Pounds seized the sprit Father Newport seemed to have become quite powerless, as if he had got a shock. Dr. Cunninghame said he might have . fainted in the water. There is very little doubt that death was immediately caused by failure of the heart's action through the sudden shock. Immediately on the news of the sad fatality being known in Dunedin, Fathers Murphy and M'Grath drove down to the Port, and remained at the presbytery till the remains were brought to the Cathedral. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Ver don went by early train on Monday morning to Port Chalmers and returned home in the evening. The remains were conveyed by hearse to the Cathedral from Port by the Junction-road- A large number of Port residents formed a procession and went a considerable distance to testify sympathy and show respect to the deceased priest. At 10 a.m. on Wed nesday, September 2, Office of the Dead, followed by Solemn Requiem Mass, was begun. His Lordship the Bishop of the diocese presided. All the priests of the diocese, with the exception of four who could not possibly get to Dunedin in time, were present on the sad occasion. All classes were represented in the funeral cortege. A large number of sympathizers came from Port Chalmers, and some were present from Southland. The boys of the Christian Brothers headed the pro cession ; then came the Bishop, clergy, the henrse, and general public on foot and in carriages, Bishop Neville, Rev. F. C. Platt (Anglican vicar, Port Chalmersj, Rev. L. J. Harrison (Jewish ftabbi), the Mayor of Port Chalmers (Mr. E. E. Allen), the Chairman of Harbour Board (Mr. H. Gourley), the Mayor of West Harbour (Mr. D. Harris Hastings), Captains M'Callum and Thomson, Mr. T. Bracken, Mr. J. Braithwaite, and a very large number of the Catholic men of Dunedin and Port Chalmers fol lowed the remains to the Southern Cemetery. During the evening service at Holy Trinity (Ang lican) Church, Port Chalmers, the vicar, the Rev. P. C. Platt, made a touching reference to the sad fatality in the harbour. After sneaking of the pain ful shock caused to the whole community by the lamentable event, and expressing for himself and his congregation the deepest commiseration for the melancholy fate of the deceased priest, and the warmest sympathy with his bereaved iiock, the vicar proceeded to say that Father Newport was a faithful and earnest priest, devoting himself to his flock with a conscientious assiduity, and that he possessed, a geniality and simplicity of character which attracted the esteem and friendship of very many outside his own communion. At the conclu sion of the service the Dead; March from ' Saul ' ?was. played. . The late Father Newport was born in Dublin, and ?was for some years a student at the French College, Blackrock, County Dublin. He pursued his philo sophical and theological studies in France, under the direction of the Fathers of the Holy Ghost. After ordination he proceeded to Mauritius, where he laboured until his. health broke down under the trying climate, and he was compelled to recuperate in Australia. After being there for a short period he came on to Dunedin about 15 or 16 years ago. He was parish priest at Gore for some years, but at the time of his death was in charge of the mission of Port Chalmers. He was about 48 years of age and in the 24th year of his priesthood. 