BRIGHT AND BRIEF. Divers' Amusements-Pearl-fishing. : Wheela go bett when they ure thoroughly I tired. Justice's courts are not always courts of justice. Which of the reptiles is a mathematician ? -The adder. A good nurseryman-The father of a large family. May a turkey be said to be a ghost when it's not a goblin' ? What part of a ship is like a farmer? —The tiller. What sort of ascent is a descent?—A trip up, for it brings you down. A correspondent, who wishes to paint his house, would like to know whare ha ean find a oan of blind man's bsff. The man who «tola a ladder pleaded that he had only taken steps to maka s little money. A girl of unoertain aga ia reported te bar« said that " where singleness ia buss, 'tis folly to be wires," Ona of the hardest things in all publie fanotions is to keep the braas band from mis. taking Itaelf for the satire procession. " Trust men and thsy will trust yon," aaid Emerson. " Trnst man and they will bust you," saya tha average buainens man. A boy named bia deg; « Pasts." " Why do you give kim snob a nama P" bs was asked. "Because t weat him to stick te ma," he replied. Somebody says that we ows muoh te foreigners. Thia ia as it ahonld ba. It is muoh mara agreeable to owe a foreigner than a man wh» lives just ronna the somer. Voter« "It muat ba awful to bava tba newspapers keep saying auch things about you." Political Candidate t " Tea, but aap* posing they didn't say anything at all 1" Customer (reading bill of far«) s " Crab 1 H'm. eraba are net considerad good thia month." Walter i " Quite right, slr, but oura I wars left ever from last mouth." A bachelor st a banquet in Newcastle gave tb« following toast i " The wooten and coal of Barham county 1 Oh 1 how desolate would I ba the fireside without them 1" "Ne saan who works nally hard ia «ver I unsuccessful." The philosapher who eoiusd thia phrase probably never «psst a whola : afternoon in a vain attempt to borrow a ¿BS I noté. " NOTT, children," said a . oheol teacher, " I want yan to be aa qnlet yo« oaa heat % pin fall." AU beoame still ia a moment, when a little urchin oried ont, " Kow, then-i»t it drop." Ai "Tue Privy Oonnoillor'a wife loses from Set. to 9it. at every trip to Bath." B. t "How ie that poaaibleP" A.-. "Why, ehe gets «ne of her daughters engaged every time." Old Hrs. Darnley ia a pattern ef houte hold economy. She says sh« hat asede a pair of seeks last 15 years by only knitting new feet to theta every winter, and new legs to them every other autumn. Louise t "Harry, I hate te aik yoi, but tell sae, do yon snore in your sleep f" Harrys ''Sometimes, darling; yon know an active business maa doesn't get time te snore when be's awake." A young man who bas a good deal of spare time on his hands, wishes to learn something that will keep him eooupied. We eau think j of two things straight away-getting married and tipping over "a beehive, Miss Modero i " I have brought this book baok. Mamma says it is not flt for me to rf ad." Librarian i "I think your mother mast be mistaken." Miss Modern i " Oh, no, ebe isn't, I've read it all through." Young man (very thin and very long) » " I am going to a masquerade party, and I don't knew what eharaoter to assume." Old man (verythiokand very short)* "Chalk year head UBd go as a billiard-oue." Daring a siege a water-carrier was aryiug bis water through the town. "Six tow a gallon ! Six sous a gallon I" By-and-bye a bomb-shell oarried off one of his barrels, whereupon, without changing a muscle ef his face, ne continued "Twelve sous a gallon 1 Twelve tous a fallen I" WiagJe-" Why oall it a toothbrush P Ton «boula say,1 teethbrush,' unless you happen to have bat on« tooth." Wangle-"Non eenie ; one does not always say ehoeebrush." Wingle-" No ¡ because ne bcnahes but one «hoe at a time." Wangle-" Bat how about a hairbrush P" Friend-" How's business now, eld boy P Bad as erer P" Manufacturer-" No ; doing better than we wer«." " Glad to hear that. You told rn« som« weeks ago that yonr mills were running at a loss." " No loss now ; not a halfpenny." " Prises gone np ?" " No ; men are on strike." Visitor-" Now, Mulligan, I want yen lo gire this message to your matter : That I was sorry to miss him, and would tell him what for when I saw him. You understand ?" Mat. ligan-"Ol d«, sir. Ye ware sorry you didn't hit 'om, an' ya'Jl gire 'nm what for when ye aaa 'nm I" " Yes-I gave bim np 1" sighed tb« yoong woman. "Didhe pron unworthy of yonr affeouon?" enquired a aympathetfo friend. "He-he beoarae a spelling reformer," re* joined the other with a shudder, " and signed lils name ' Jorj.* It took all the poetry and 'romanos eut of the nams, so we parted." A. teaoher the other day instruoied the .oholars te draw any figure they Oonld, nsing only three straight lines. A boy accordingly mada three abort, straight linea. " That ia not a figure," aaid the teaoher. " Yes, it ia 1" retorted the boy. "What figura?" "A hundred ann 'Uven," waa the reaeonaa. Mrs. Biokey, junior (who is of a romantic torn) : " My 1 ain't tba moen lovely, glitteriu' on tba waves. It does ona'a beatt good te «es it." Mr. B. (Blekey and Ssa) : "Ab,and wouldn'titdoona's'art good tao tose« 'Biokey and Son's Piokles* printed right aoross it in oapital letters, big enough for all the world to. read with the naked hi P" He dropped on bis knees at her feet, and btgan the spaeoh he had baan ao long re- hearsing i "Darling, love, I bate yon--I mean, dsrling, hate, t lova yon ; no-no--I mean-" (hers hi« fae« assumed a livid has «sd began to ti« itself itt bard kaott). " What is it-paralysis P" she sik«â, franti- cally. " No, love," hi whispered, hoatstly j " I au kntellng on a task." 