Ds. "i-RuMSEY's Patient, " tti 's\ i Eabfished'by Bpoolal Arrangement. " i % VEfty STRANGE STORY, BI \- Joint Authors or "£>tobies from inn Dun or a Dooron." , , Copyright. . CHAPTER III — (Continued.) For a moment Awclray wis taken oil fiis guard. Rut the next instant the fierce blood of Ins race awoke within him. From was 110 moan antagonist — lie tv a a u stouter, heavier, older man than Awclrcy. Itc had also the strength which madness confers. "After u momentary struggle ho flung Awdrey to the ground. The two young, men rolled over together. Then with a quick and sudden movement Awdl'ey .sprang to his feet. He had no weapon to defend himself with hut a slight stick which he carried. Prove let him go for a moment to spring upon him again like ti tiger. A sudden memory cnuio to Awdrey's aid — a memory which was to be the undoiug of his entiro life. He had keen told in his boyhood by nn old. prize-lighter who taught him boxing, 'that the most oifcctivo way to use u stick iu defending himself from au enemy was to use it as a bayonet. ' Prod your foo iu the mouth,' old Jim hud said, ' ho ho dog or man, prod him in the mouth. Qrasp your stick in both hands, and when he comes to you prod him iu the mouth or nock.' The words Hushed distinctly now through Awdrey's brain. "When Prore raised his heavy stiek to strike him he i grasped his own .slender weapon and i rushed forward. He aimed full at . Prore's open mouth. Tito stick wont a low inches higher and entered the un fortunate man's right eye. He fell with ft sudden groan to the ground. In a moment Awdrey's passion was ' over. He bent over the prostrate man and examined the wound which lie had mode. Prore lay perfectly quiet; there was nn awful silence about him. The dark shadows of the night brooded heavily over the phi ee. Awd rey did not for several moments realise that some thing very like a murder had been com mitted. He hen't over the prostrate man — ho tuck his limp hand in liis, felt for a pulse — there was none. With trembling lingers he tore open the coat aiul pressed his baud to the heart — it was strangely still. He bent liis ear to listen — there was no sound. Awdrey was scarcely frightened yet. He did not even now in the least realise what had happened. He felt in his pocket for a flask of brnndj-jwliich ho sometimes carried about with him. An oath escaped his lips when ho found ho had forgotten it. Thou taking up his stick lie felt softly across the point. The point of the stick was wet — wet with Hood. He felt carefully along its edge. The blood extended up n couple of inches. He knew then what had liup- pened. The stick had undoubtedly entered Prerc's brain through tho eye, causing instant death. When this knowledge came to Awdroy he laughed. His laugh souudod queer, : hut ho did not notice its strangeness. 1 He felt agniu iu his pocket — discovered a hex of matches which lio pulled out eagerly. Ho struck a match, and by tho weird, uuoortniu light which it oust looked for an instant at the dead face of the man whose life he had taken. ' I don't oven know liis name,' thought "Awdrey. ' What in tho world liuve I killed him for? Yes, undoubtedly I've killed him. He is dead, poor follow, ns a door-nail. Wliut did I do it for?' Ho struck another match, and looked at the end of liis stick. The stick had a harrow stool ferrule at tho point. Mood bespattered tho end of tho Btiek. '.I must bury this witness,' said Awdroy, to himself. Ho blow out tho match, and began to move gropingly across tho plain. His step was uncertain. Ho stooped as ho walked. Presently lie camo to a groat copse of underwood. Into tho very thick of tlio underwood ho thrust liis Stiek. Having dona this ho resolved to go home. Queer noises wore ringing in his head. Ho folt as if devils wcro pursuing him. He was certain that if lio raised liis oves and looked in front of him, lie must see tho ghost of tho doiul man. It was early in tho night, not yet 12 o'clock. As ho enteral tho grounds of tho Court, tho stable clock struck 12. ' I supposo I shall get into a beastly mess about this,' thought Awdroy. 'I never meant to kill that poor follow, I ran at him in solf-dofoneo. llo'd have had my blood if I hadn't his. Shall I .soo my father about it now ? My father is a magistrate; lie'll know, what's host to ho done.' Awdroy walked up to tho house. His gait was uncertain and shambling, so littlo characteristic of him that if anyono had mot hira in tlio dark ho would not have boon recognised. Ho opened one of tlio sido doors of tho groat mansion with a; lntcli koy. Tho Awdroys woro oarly people — nu orderly household who went to rest in good time — tlio lamps were out in tlio houso —only horo and thofo was a dim illu mination suited to tho hours of dark-' ii oss. Awdrey tlil not moot a, soul, as .ho .wont 'up sorao/ stairs, nud .down, one or two corridors j,o his own cheerful bedroom. He paused as he . turned the ; handle of his door./ 'My fathor is Jin bod. -Thoro'sno 'i uso in troubling hym about this horrid matter before tho (morning,? ho said to himself;. : \ . - ,' : .- . Then ho oponefl tho door of his roomy . nnd.wbnt in. j To his surprise) lio saw on . tho throsh- hold, just inside Alio door, -a' little -noto) Ho piokcd it up npd opened it. t it 'was from Ins sistor. Aiui. ;It ran as follows — ' Dourest Rob,- —I havo soon ' the . Cuthborts,' and tliey can qoin us on the plain:. to-morrow far . a picnic..,- As you have gone . esrly : to) jbod, I thought I!d lot- yon know :m tinse you olioso to get up iat cookorow, a: id perhnps loavo us for tho day: Don't forgot :thnt wo sturt . /at 2 o'clock, ' and thi t.Mnrgarot will -be .ttharo,— Your loyms sister, "Aim,? . . Awdrey found himself reading tlio note 'with' interest. The excited bentmg of liis heart cooled down. He sank into u' chair, took oft Ins eap, and wiped tlio perspiration from his brow. ' f wouldn't miss Margaret -for tho world,' lio said to himself. A look of pleasure filled his dark gray eyes. A moment or two later lio was in bed, and sound asleup. He a'woke' Ut his usual hour in tho morning. Ho rose aud dressed calmly. He had forgotten all about tho murder — the doom of his house hud fallen upon liiai. CHAPTER IV. : ' I. wish you would tell 1110 about him, Mr. Awdrey,' said Margaret Douglas. Shu was a handsome girl, tall and slightly made — her eyes were black as niglit, her hair had a raven hue, her complexion was a pure olive. She ivas standing a little apart from a laughing, chattering group of hoys and girls, young 111011 and young ladies with a respectable sprinkling of fathers and mothers, uncles and aunts. Awdroy stood a foot or two away from her— his face was pale, he looked subdued ami gentle. ' What can I tell you ?' he asked. ' You said you met him Inst night, poor fellow. Tlio whole thing seems so horriblo, aud to think of it happening 011 this very plain, just where wo uro having our picnic. If I had known it, I would not havo come.' ' Tlio murder took place several miles from here,' said Awdrey. ' Ciuito close to the Court, in fact. I've been over tin ground this morning with my father and one of the keepers. Tho body was removed before wo camo.' ' Didn't it shock you very much ? ' ' Yes; I am sorry for that unfortunate Everett.' ' Who is he ; I lmve not heard of him ?' ' He is the man whom they think must have done it. There is certainly very gravo circumstantial evidence against him. He and Frcre were heard quarrelling last night, and Armitngo. can prove that Everett did not return home until about two in tlio morning. When he went out lie said he was going to follow Frcre, who had gone away iu a very excited state of miud.' J ' AVliat about, I wonder ? ' ' The usual thing,' said Awdrey, giv ing Margaret a quick look, under which she lowered her eyes uiul fuiutly blushed. "fell 1110,' she said, almost in a whisper. 1 1 am interested — it is such II tragedy.' ' It is ; it is awful. Sit down hero, won't you ? or shall wo walk on a littlo way; we shall soon get into shelter if' we go down this valley and get under those trees yonder.' ' Come then,' said Margaret. Sho went first, lior companion fol lowed licr. Ho looked at her many times as she walked 011 in front of him. Her figure was full of supple and easy grace, horyoiuigstepsseemedto speakthe very essenceof youth and springtime. Sho appeared scarcely to touch tho ground as she walked over it; once sho turned and the full light of her dark eyes inado Awdrey's heart leap. Presently sho reached tho shadow caused by a copse of young trees,- aud stood still until the squiro came up to Iter. ' Hero's a throne for yon, Miss Doug las. Do you see where this tree ex tends two friendly arms? Do you obsorvo a seat inlaid with moss "? Take your throne,' She did so immediately aud looked iip at him with a .smilo. ' The tbrouo suits you,' lie said. She looked down — her lips faintly trembled — then sho raised her eyes. 'Why arc you so pale,' ho asked anxiously. 'I can't quite toll you,' -slio replied, ' except that notwithstanding tlio beauty of tho day, and tho sumiuor fueling which pervades tho air, I eun't got rid of u sort of fear. It may bo supersti tious of 1110, but I think it is unlucky to liavo a picnic on tlio very plain wlioru a murder was committed.' ' You forgot over ivhat a wide cxtont tho plain extends, ' said Awdroy, but if I luid known ' he stopped .and bit his lips. 'Nevermind,' sho answered, endea vouring to smilo and look .cheerful, ' any sort of tragedy, always affocts mo to u remarkable dogreo. I can't help it — I'm afraid tliero is something in mc akin to troublo, but of conrso it would bo folly for us to stay indoors just because that poor young follow onme to a violent oud some miles away.' ' Yes, it is quito sonic miles from here — I am truly sorry -for liim.' . ' Sit down bore Mr. Awdroy, hero at my feet if you liko,' iind toll mo about it.' . ' I will sit nt your foot with nil tho I pleasure in tlio. world, but why should I wo talk any m'oro on this gruesomo sub ject?' ' That's just it, ' said Margaret,1 ( if I am to get rid ' of it, I (must know all about it. You,, said you met liim last niglit ?' A/-' ' y Y'"- ' I did,' said Awdroy, : speaking with unwillingness.. , " A ' And you guess why : ho camb bv liis ond ?' ''a A by ' - ; A-. y , , ' Partly, but not wholly.' 'Well; do toll lilO.' ' 1 will— I'll put it in as few words as possible.' You' kUow that littlo witch Hetty, the pretty nieco of. the innkeeper Armitngo ?? '/; Hetty Arraitnge— of oourso I know her.. I tried to. getbor into! my Sunday class, but sho would'nt como.' ' ? She's a: silly littlo oroaturo,' said Awdroy :' foho . is a very beautiful little ores-' turo,'.oorrooted Miss Douglas: ... . :,„ v ' Yes; T aminfraid her beauty, was, too muoli"- for / /tlusi. unfortunate if FraroV sanity.. :I-.came across him last night, or rathor thoy pnssod m£ by .in thi) underwood, ennoting u lovo scene, Tho jfaot is, ho: wu» kissing her;;r.-p thought lie was taking, n liberty, and interfered.. Ho told me he intended- to marry hor — buu Hetty denied it, I saw her back to tho inn — she was very silent and depressed.- Another man, 11 hand some follow,' wus standing m the porch. It lust occurred, to me. at the time that perhaps he also was a suitor for her hand,, and might bo the favoured one. She wont indoors. - On my way home I mot Frerc ngam. IIo tried to pick a quarrel ..with mc, which - of courso I. nipped in the .bud. .... Ho referred to liis firm lutention of marrying Hetty, Armi tngo,- and when I told lnm that she had domed the engagement, he said I10 would go back at .once und speak to her. - I then returned to tlio Coiu't. -.- 'Tho first thing I . heard .this morn ing was tho : news of tho murder. , My iathoras magistrate was of course nnulo aoquamted with tho tact at u very early hour. Poor Everett has been arrested on suspicion, and there's .to, ho : a. coroner's inquest to-morrow. That is the entire story ns far ns I know any thing about it. Your , face is whiter, than ovor, Miss Douglas. Now, keep' your word— forget it, since you have heard all the facts of the ease.' Sho looked down again;'" 'Presently she raised her oyos, brimful of tears, to his face. ' . ' I cannot forgot it,' she snid. , ' That poor young follow— such a foarfully sudden end, and tlint other poor follow ; surely if ho did take away a lil'o, it must have beea iu a moment of terrible mud- ness ?' 1 Thnt is true,' snid Awdrey. . ' They cnuuot possibly convict him of murder, call tlioy?' ' My father thinks that' tho verdict will ho manslaughter, or at tlio worst, .murder under strong provocation; but it is impossible to toll. Awdrey looked again nuxiouslv at his companion. Her pallor and distress aroused emotion in his breast which ho found almost impossible to. quiet. ' I'm sorry to my heart that you know about this,' he said. 'You are not lit to stand any of tho roughness of life.' ; 'What- folly,' she answered, with passion. ' What am I that I should accept the smooth aiul reject tho rough? I toll you what I would like to do. I'd liko to go this very moment to sec that poor Mr. Everett, in order to tell him how deeply sorry I am for him. To ask him to tell mo tlio story from first to last, from his point of view. To clear him from this awful stain. And I'd liko to lay ilowors over the breast of that dead hoy. Oh, J. can't bear it. Why is tho world so full of troublo and pain ?' She burst into sudden tears. : " ' Don't, don't ! Oil ! Margaret, you'ro an angel. You'ro too good for this oartli,' said Awdrey. ' Nonsense, ' sho answered; 'let ino have my cry out ; I'll bo all light in a minute.' Her brief tears wore quickly over. She dashed them aside uiul rose to her : feet. ' I hear the children shouting to me,' slio said. ' I'm in no humour to meet them. Where shall wo go ?' ! This way,' said Awdroy, quickly ; ' no oue knows the way through this copse hut mo.' , Ho gavo ber his hand, pushed aside tho trees, ' and tlioy soon found them selves in a dim littlo world of soft green twilight. There was a narrow path on which tlioy could not walk abreast. Awdi'ey now took the lead, Margaret following him. After walking for lmlf a mile the wood grew thinner, and they found themselves far awuy from thoir companions, and ou a part of tho plain which was quito uow ground to Mar garet. to nn continued. 