[?] AT the Barton (Eng.) Police Court recently, Princess Dhuleep Singh, was fined 12s, including costs, for having an unmuzzled dog in a public place. The PrincesB, with Prince Dhuleep Singh, was on a visit|to the Earl of Carnarvon, and with the Countess of Carnarvon -was driving through Burton ik a carriage when a police constable. noticing a dog on the Princess's knee, stopped the vehicle and asked for the name and address of the owner of the animal. The particulars -were at once supplied by the Countess. The Princess did not appear, bet sent an apology to the bench saying that she was unaware of the regulation being in force, and expressing her willingness to pay whatever penalty the magistrate thought fit to inflict. THE3 'Weltliche Correspondenz,' speaking ot the engagement, officially announced on August 18, of the Prince of Naples to Princess Helene of Montenegro, relates the following story: 'During the -festival of the coronation. «f the Czar at Mos cow the Emperor was conversing with the Prince of Naples 'and General Boisdeffre. The Emperor remarked, 'It is strange how the ceremony of the ccronation, reminds me of my marriage. Then I espoused my wife, but now I feel that I have espoused Russia. You, Prince of Naples, impeni tent bachelor, cannot understand such a feeling. And, apropos, when will you make up your mind to invite us to your wedding?' The Prince of Naples smiled, but did not reply, and the Em peror, turning to the French General, said, 'It is a pity that your country, by ignoring monarchy,, has renounced the pleasure of possessing prin cesses whom you could offer in sign of peace. How happy I should be to see the Prince of Naples marry a French princess! And your .cousin,' turning to the Prince, 'the Duke of Aosta, has set you a' good example!' . Then, changing the sub ject with a laugh, the Emperor added, 'Call me an autocrat as much as you like, but I hold that al liances of blood, in fact dynastic alliances, have a far higher value than the finesse and cunning of diplomatists.' The Prince of Naples said some thing which did not reach the ears of those at a short distance, and then the Emperor jokingly said, in a loud voice, 'Mariez-vous! mon Prince; mariez-vous!' ' ' WHEN President Faure was at Dinan the other day. in the course of his tour through Brittany, he espied among the crowd which surged around him at the Sub-Prefecture a priest who had every appearance of being a son of toil. The roughness of his hands showed that at some period of his life he had done hard, manual work. Upon his breast was a military medal. Advancing towards the Abbe Dupre, for such was the man's name, the President shook him cordially by the hand, and elicited' from him that he fought in the Franco-German war. At Gravelotte he was a sergeant in the 41st Line Regiment, and . was wounded by a shell. After the war he entered a clerical seminary. THE story of an attempt to ride an. ostrich is thus told in the Washington 'Star' by an eye witness of the encounter: — A cowboy who had vanquished every pony he ever undertook to break in was induced to try an ostrich. After an .hour's hard work he succeeded in mounting the bird, which at first tried to shake him off, then to get away by running, but these tactics, of course, had no effect upon the cowboy. Then, in spite of all the man could do, the ostrich succeeded in getting its head round and seizing the man by one leg. He doubled his feet undar him, and the ostrich reached over its wings and got a good hold of his back, throwing him heavily to the ground, and trampling on him. It took three of us to chase the infuriated ostrich away, and we accomplished it barely in time to save the man's life. ?GERMANY is fast turning out its older generals from the army, thirty-two having been forced to retire within a year, which beats the record. The average age of a brigade commander is 53 years, to 57 in the French Army, where the average of all ranks is higher than in the German. No German brigadier is more than 5-j; while thirty French brigadiers are over 61. German cavalry colonels average 48 years and 4 months, only seven being over 52; while the French officers in the same army average 52 years 5 months, fifty three colonels being over 52. ; A CONTRIBUTOR to the 'Vegetarian' has been describing the delights and benefits of camping out in tents, and in the course of his account he says: The first night's sleep is broken. By the second night the forces of nature combine to make for sleep, and even though it thundered and lightened ever so, the inhabitants of tents sleep soundly on. It is always so in camp. .When I was a volunteer in the Oxford University Corps years ago we used to ? spend the .first night in Colonel Morrell's Park in singing and music and tale-telling and practical joking. Nobody could sleep. In spite of all the bugles of 'last post' and the warning cry of sentries, 'lights out,' the camp was full of noise till late into morning hours, but the next night — an enemy could have wiped out the battalion; it was a camp of the dead. The only sound to be heard was the re* gular snoring of those whom nothing would wake till morning! I have been specially pleased to find that not only is tent life conducive to sound sleep in the normally healthy, but that it has a distinct curative effect in bad cases of insomnia. A lady who had scarcely slept at all for several weeks, and who had tried all sorts of remedies, .opium included, and was beginning to look like a wearied ghost, came to me, and I sent her Qut to sleep in a tent under the trees. After the first night she obtained sleep, and after the second or third night she even felt dreadfully sleepy during the day. She bravely refrained, however, from giving way until night, and always got up at 6 a.m., with the result that the sleeplessness has gone, and she gets good long nights of rest in spite of the noises of nature. The delights of the open-air sleeping in a tent are so fascinating that I begin to wonder why the whole world does, not turn out of bricks and mortar during the summer, and go under canvas. VIVIAN BURNETT, of Washington, the origin al of Lord Fauntleroy, has finished his sophomore year at Harvard, and gone on his summer vaca tion. He needs itaccording to an American contem porary, for life probably has fewer charms for him than for any young. man who ever went to Cambridge. Vivian Burnett is the son of Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett. When he was a little boy she put him in a book, which everybody read, and which nobody who ever read can forget. Vivian Burnett wishes they only could forget it; for it is making his college life a bore. It was love ly while he was a toddler, but he is a college man now, and he is sorry that the maternal genius ever took the notion of transmogrifying him into the 'little lord.' For all his troubles, however, Burnett, we gather from the same authority, is known in Cambridge as a chap who is getting about all there is to be gotten out of his college life. He .is neither a 'grind' nor a 'sport,'' but just one of the easy-going youth who keeps a fair class standing, and, for the rest, gets all the fun he can without impairing his nervous system or his status as a gentleman. His rooms are fur nished in good taste, but not lavishly. But with aU-the pictures that adorn the walls, there's not a solitary one of Little Lord Fauntleroy. That chapter in his life would be a closed book if he had anything to say about it.' A BRITISH Parliamentary paper states the export of live cattle from the United . States to' Great Britain for the first five months of the cur rent year was 175,000 head, as compared ? with 112,000 for the' same period last year. If this rate per month be sustained, the yearns exports will be over 400,000, or larger even thanMn 1892. The London and Liverpool. markets have been so heavily supplied that the prices of i American beeves have there fallen as low as ,9c to 9%c. per lb (estimated dressed weight); while export steers were being quoted at Chicago at 3.75c. to 4c. per. lb live'w eight. At these rates shipments must have been at a loss. The increase of the export in the present year, like the. decrease of last year, may be explained in part by last year's shortness of -feed, which threw a portion of the 1895 cattle into the present year, and contributed to bring about a temporary congestion of the Chicago and other Western markets; the heavy cattle of the class suitable for exportation being those which have most suffered in price. The course of de velopment of the chilled beef - export trade, has been very similar to that of live cattle. Taking 6001b as the average weight of cattle slaughtered ?for the dressed beef trade, last year's expert -of fresh beef to Otreat Britain represented a number of cattle nearly equal- to that -exported alive, the latter being, however, heavier cattle. The past five months' export of chilled beef was 108,759,600 lb, as compared with 81,841,0651b for the same period last year. At this rate the year's export will be some 60,000,0001b greater than in 1892. It seems still a .matter of doubt which of the. two branches of the trade offers the larger profits. The Secretary of Agriculture, in his .report, for 1895, says: 'It .-appears .to work out more profita bly to transport the live cattle. They are carried on parts of the ship that would otherwise be. un- occupied. ? They dp .not require such special fit tings and appliances as to debar the vessel from carrying other cargo when cattle are not Avail able.' ? . ? . ? ????? ?:-:?'?? 