It is very apparent that the present system of maintaining our charities cannot continue much longer, for, unless there is a change, it must break down of its own weight. The weak point about it is that just, when there is the most pressure upon the institu tions, contributions from all sources are at their lowest ebb. At a time of deep depression, such as it is to be hoped the colony is now emerging from, the necessity for retrenchment is impressed upon the Government on all sides. And in such a case, one of the handiest means of curtailing expenses is by cutting down grants to public institutions and municipalities. Suc cessive Governments have recognised this, and the reduction has been drastic. To show how it affects our charities,, the case of the Benevolent Asylum may be cited. During the last three years its grant from the Government has suffered considerably, heing now £l5OO less than it was in 18934. At the same time the reduction of the State subsidy to municipalities has necessitated rigid economy on their part, and again the charities vote is the first to suffer. Even then the whole of the tale is not told, for a de pression so severely felt by the Govern ment 1 has its root in the community, the members of which find themselves un able to contribute as liberally as in better times. In this way the chari ties are trebly crippled, and a diminishing revenue is accompanied by. an increasing demand for help. There are now about 60 more inmates to care for in the Benevolent Asylum, with a Government grant of £4250 per year, than there , were in 1891, when the State contribution was £5BOO. And though by rigid economy, as may be learnt by the reports, the annual expenditure has been reduced from £8687 193 2d to £7441 3s sd, the falling off of private subscriptions has left the institution in a worse position than ever. Had it not been for the recent special effort, the bank overdraft would have been £1200; even now it is over £1000; while the debit balance on last year’s transactions will be over £7OO. The Government grant averages £354 3s 4d per month, and the general revenue about £2OO monthly; but the expendi ture averages £620 for the same period. From this it will be seen that a continuation of operations on the present basis means a rapid plunge into insolvency. True, there is £5OOO bequeathed by the late Hon. Francis Ormond in one of the banks, but that is not available. There are also £5OO willed by the late Mr M. Lougiilin, and £lOOO by the late Mr D. Elder, but both of these amounts are vested in an endowment fund, and cannot be touched. The Minis terial Association is making an effort through the Sunday schools by means of penny subscriptions, and similar contributions are to be taken up through the State schools. But at best these efforts are only stop- gaps, and merely help to stave off the evil day. Frequent repetition deprives them of their effectiveness, and they do not touch the real difficulty. Bal larat and the mines contribute their full share towards the expenses of management, but at present they are handicapped by carrying on their backs burdens imposed by other communi-. ties. To them and to the general public of the district'the committee of the Asylum owe a duty, and it is to be regretted they merely negatived Mr Oddie’s suggestion on Monday night, without even considering what should be done to increase the income from borough and shire councils. There ap pear to be three alteratives before the committee; either—(l) Confine the operations of- the charity to the limits at first intended—that is, Ballarat City and Town and Sebastopol; (2), confine its opera tions to those limits and the four municipalities who are in credit in their account with the Asylum—Bal larat, Creswick, Lexton and Ripon shires; or (3), appeal to the munici palities whose contributions and the Government grant received in respect of them do not cover the cost of keep ing inmates admitted from their boun daries, and inform them that until their accounts are in credit no further cases will be admitted from their terri tories.. This would ’ mean that the Bungareeand Buninyong shires would hq cut off from participation in the benefits of the Asylum, for calculated on the. credit and debit basis the former owes the Asylum £4304 14s 10£d Snd the 'latter £3569 6s 2Jd. It is sincerely, to be hoped the com mittee will not be forced to adopt any one of the alternatires we have in dicated, but unless more liberal contri butions are made by the municipalities it almost ‘seems as though they will have to make' a choice, of evils. The Ballarat Asylum serves a population estimated at 122,500, and it is rather too much to expect that nearly the whole of the burden is to be borne by th'6,city and towh and the mining companies. If the Councils will not impose a rate of their own accord, be obtained: to compel them to do so. But care must be taken that local -control is not bar tered away for the power to raise j revenue. We want . no • costly State .management such as has been disclosed in the past in the Rail ways, and is now being shown -in the telephone branch'of the Post and Tele-, graph Department. With an evenly distributed rate, collected by the muni cipalities and administered by local boards of control, . the whole of our charities might be ,placed upon .a thoroughly sound .financial basis. There need be no poor law, and no more Government supervision than is necessary under the present system. Like flotsam and jetsam ; after a storm, there are brought to the surface at the courts every now and then .facts that show the violence of the financial dis turbance through which the colony has just passed. And the light .they throw upon the commercial morality of the community in a time of excite ment is anything but soothing to our self-love. Yet it is certainly to the public advantage that these' trans actions should be examined in : the sober light of calm reflection. They are beacons pointing out the shoals and rocks on which reputations and fortunes have been wrecked, and serve to show errors that must be avoided in the future. Regarded from this standpoint, the examination of Mr Michael Willis Fergusson in the In solvency Court on Monday points a use ful moral. It also shows the system that drove what should have been a thriving banking corporation into the liquida tors’- hands.- In the first place the figures are above the average. Mr Fergusson, who described himself as practically the sole shareholder in the firm of Fergusson and Mitchell, failed on his personal transactions for £503,041. To meet this he claims to be possessed of assets valued at £60,056 (of which £54,010 is repre sented by realty), leaving a deficiency of £442,985. Included in the schedule were two items—Wearing apparel, £10; playing cards, £3O. These struck Judge Molesworth, as they will strike the general public, as somewhat incongruous figures in connection with a failure for over half a million pounds. It is a repetition of Falstafp’s half penny loaf to 5s Sd worth of sack. Privately and through the company (which was virtually Mr Fergusson) insolvent admitted owing £300,000 to the City of Melbourne Bauki But it is the manner in which the busi ness was managed that the moral lies. The insolvent, his brother, and the general manager of the bank (Mr Longmuir) were partners in land transactions. According to this witness this firm obtained an advance of £5OOO from the hank to start operation?, and on the strength of this purchased a Melbourne property for £52,375. The £5OOO was paid as a deposit, and the balance of the pur chase money was financed. In two months’ time the property was sold for £95,037, showing on paper a gross profit of over £15,000. This sum was divided amongst the partners, and though the general menager of the bank did not appear as a debtor to that institution he shared in the profits. The hard cash went to Mr Fergusson and hi3 partners, but they still owe the bank £10,287 on the transaction. How much, if any, of that the corporation will ultimately receive, must be left to conjecture; the insolvent could give no definite information. By a neat system of financing—suggested, according to the witness, by Mr Longmuir —two bills for £20,000 were discounted by which insol vent’s account was placed in credit to the extent of £12,000, leav ing the bank to recover what it could of the £20,000. Judge Molesworth evidently had his own ideas of the morality of these transactions, for he asked, “Was it right, in your opinion, for Mr Longmuir to take sovereigns out of the bank in order to hand them over to Longmuir and Fergusson?” That the insolvent’s standpoint of regarding the matter was -different from the judge’s may be assumed from his reply—'• Quite right under the circumstances.” And the worst of it is, this was the view held by most of those who indulged in such transactions. Another of the insolvency judge’s remarks on this case to counsel for the insolvent is worth quoting:—“l hope I will not often have in this court gentlemen like Mr Fergusson, who, in conjunction with bank managers, work great in jury and terrible loss to a number of innocent people. There are now inno cent shareholders and creditors walk ing about the streets destitute, be cause of the nefarious practices of your client and a bank manager.” We refer to the matter merely to show the moral obliquity of vision prevalent at the time'of the boom, when such inci dents as this were of almost daily occurrence. Fortunately the period of madness is over, though we are; now suffering severely from the after effects that followed in its train. It is to be hoped these have taught us wisdom, and that the colony will not witness again such a wild gambling mania, nor the adoption again bv- many of our.leading businessmen of methods of striving after wealth that in their saner moments they would characterise by a harsh name. At the Melbourne City Court yesterday the charge of criminal libel preferred against Mr JF. H. Tuthill by Mr leader, P.M., wa9 called on before Mr Panton. P.M., and Messrs Lear month and Power, J.’sP. Mr J. L. Pnrves and Mr Oldham appeared for the complainant, and Mr D. Gannson for the defendant. Mr Purveß, in opening the case, contended that the defendant had,_ since 1894, continually att icked the complainant, who had been com pelled to take the present proceedings. Ho dealt at considerable length with a letter sent on let July last by Mr Tutbill to the Solicitor- General, in which he made several serions charges against Mr Leader, and demanded a Board of Enquiry. The letter referred to was put in, as was also a letter written by Mr Tuthill, and published in The Star on the 29th November, 1894. A witne ■ named John Barr Stevenson deposed to the - defendant having mado. disparaging remarks about Mr Leader. Mr Gaunson con teoded that the letter in which the alleged libel was contained was > a privileged com munication, and that t(ie prosecution had failed to show that the defendant .acted, maliciously. Mr Tatbill gave evidence, in which ha denied, tha allegations made by Stevenson, and stated that he had written the lettsr iq good faith. Mr E. P. Wynne, barrister, also gave evidence for the defence, with a view to prove that Mr Tatbill had not acted hastily in the matter, bnt bad made the complaint to the Solicitor-General, after c iro ful enqniry. Mr Wynne further stated that he was under the impression that _Mr Leader had frequently acted in an iasulting manner towards Mr Tiithill. Mr Panton, P.M., con sidered that a prima facie case had been made ont, and committed the defendant to take his trial oa the _l7th August. A report of the case appears in another colnmn. Mr J. W. Kirton, M.L.A., has given notice of his intention to ask the Minister ot Mines whether he will see that wire ropes in mines are tested in the same manner as cages and b tilers, in order to lessen the risk of acci dents. A burglary was committed between Monday night and yesterday morning at the clothing establishment of Messrs I. and J. Roff, Post office place. Entrance wa3 effaot p d at the rear by means of skeleton keys. The premises were securely locked up at 6 o’clock on Mon day evening, and when Mr Thomas, an assist ant, want to open the shop he found that the place had been entered and ths goods in the two rooms at the rear were strewn about in all directions. Mr Miller, ths night wa’ch inan, previous to this had discovered tha back door open, and communicated with the firm. As far a3 could be ascertained at present, the intruders had carried away abont £5 worth of clothing. Tha blinds on the windows facing Hnmffray street had been pulled down and fastened so that the light used by the thieves coaid not be discernible from the outside. The front shop, which was strongly barred, was not entered. The matter has been reported to the police. . A meeting of the committee appointed to arrange for the celebration of the 60th year of Her Majesty’s feign was held at the Asylum board room la»t night. Mr C. C. Shoppee presided, and there were present—Messrs 3. N. Dunn, C. Salter, A. Miller, J. B. Pearson, Chamberlain, Cathcart. Josephs, W. Scott, and C. B. Retallack. Mr C. C. Shoppee was elected permanent chairman, Messrs Scott and Retallack vice- presidents, Mr J. Phillips treasurer, and.Messrs Gale, Rail, and Josephs (Asylum Committee), Pearson, Miller, and Salter (Hospital Committee), and Cham- berlain, Richards, and Peadv (Orphan Asylum) an exeentive committee. Tha chairman sub. mitted the copy of a letter to be sent to the Queen, asking her patronage, and it-was sub mitted to Messrs Salter, Pear3on, and Cath cart,-to be approved by them and be forwarded throngh bis Excellency. Mr Jos. Phillips promised to advance funds for all incidental expenses, and it was decided to make applica tion for the use of the Alfred Hall, exhibition buildings and grounds from the 16th of Jnne, 1597\. The definite form which the aelebratiun will t ike has not yet been determined. The 3tituo of Robert Burns in Start street wa3 appropriately decorated yesterday in commemoration of Ihe anniversary of the poet's death. Oa the north side w.is placed a wreath of heather in the form of a square and compass, on the west side wa3 a wreath of laurel with “B” worked in the centre, and on the south side the St. Andrew’s Gross wa3 placed, while at the base stood a plough deco rated with heather and plaid. Messrs T. Stoddart, R. Ross, and the members of the C dedonian Society, carried ont the decora tions, which were. supplied by Mr Ro3s, curator of che Hospit and gardens. Yesterday morning Mr Chas. Alman, a resi dent of Ballarat East, returned on a holiday trip from Kalgoorlie, Western Australia, after an absence of abont six months. He states that at all the fields the people are bu-fily en gaged in mining, though no extra lmnd3 are being engaged. The influx of minors to the goldfields hn lessened considerably, and th“ro are more people returning each week than arriving. The wages of shop assis'ants at tho principal towns hive hoon reduced, and provisions are much cheaper than they have been, owing to the open ing of the railway to Coolgardie. A number of mines are doing wall, but others, again, h ive not been up to expectation. Rain has fallen heavily over tho fields, particularly in the latter part of June. There is consider able -ickness, which generally increases in severity after a heavy shower of r un. The clima'e is much ngfinst tha progress of the goldfield, and some 800 deaths have occurred within the last two or throe years. When the railway shall have rasched tha principal mining centres the iinprov-mant in the fond .supply will probably lessen the prevailing sicknois. The building trade has been biisk, anil soinn vory large bu-iuess places have been erocted at Kalgoorlie and Penh. An elderly mm mined Henri Adolf was arrested yesterday afternoon by Plainclothes constables Rogerson and Montague on a chirgo of vigraney. The accused, who was lodged in the Town lookup, will bs brought before the Police Court this morning, when a remand will be applied for to enable the police to make enquiries concerning him. Tho , accus-d had stayed at the Royal Standard hotel on Monday, and when he left yesterday morning a lodger named William Morgan re ported to the p fiioe th it ho had been robbed of five sovereigns and a pair of spectacles. Thi many friends of Sub-inspector Charles will bo pie ■ sod to loiru that Mrs Charlos, who wa3 recently soverely injured by a horse at tached ro a buggy knocking her down at Fitz roy, L making good progress towards recovery. It is expee'ed that Mrs Charlos will be ablo to leave tho hospit il in a few days’ time. A sensational statement was made by John Barr Stovenson at the City Court, Melbourne, yestord iy, whilst giving evidence in tho ca-e of Loader ag linst Tuthill. Tho witness sworo that on the previous day, whilo at Bacchus M>roh s'a'.ion, ha was approached by Mr Tuthill. who, after a few preliminary remarks about tho case, offered him £5 to refrain from giving evidence. Mr Tuthill subsequently went into the witne-s-box, and emphatically douied the allegation. On Friday ovoniug about 20 members of the Ball irat Fire Brigade vieiied Bnninyong, where a game of quoits was played with an equ i-l number of the Buninyong Brigade. The visitors won by 53 points, the score being— Balia- it, 501; Buninyong, 448. The members of the local brigade wero subsequently enter tain'd at Caffrey’s hotel. Captain Parsons occup ed the chair, and an enjoyable evening was spent. A return match will take place betwe-'u the teams mentioned next Tuesday evening, at the Brigado Hall, Barkly street. When a young man namod Alfred M’Phail was brought before tho City Court yesterday, on remand on a charge of drunkenness, Ser geant .Moran stated that the accused, about a fortoig'it ago, endeavored to lake a bath in Lake Wendoureo, bnt finding the w iter too cold he eimo out. and was arrested on tho charge named. Tho chairman of tho bench enquired ivhother tho accused felt inclined to take another bath, and upon his replying in the negative the bench discharged him with a caution. The annual meeting of governors and con tribn ers to Iha B filar it District Benevolent Asylum will be held at the Board Room, Camp street, on Thursday, 30th inst. Mr Patrick Joseph Shiel, clerk of courts a*' Smythesdale, who was called as a witno-s in the libel ease at the City Court, Melbourne, yesterday, caused some amusement while ho was in the witness box. In tho middle of an answer to a question, Mr Shiel suddenly im parted tho information that at the Bacchus Mar-h station refreshment room nothing but beef "tea and such like was provided.' General laught-r followed the witness’ remarks, after which he proceeded to complete his answer to counsel. Mr Purves was so favorably im pressed with tho happy manner of the witness that he expressed a hope that Mr Shiel would shortly be stationed in Melbourne, and that gentleman returned tho compliment by declar ing that he would be very glad to see Mr Purves at any time. At the meeting of tbo finance committee of the City. Council to-morrow, the question of taking steps to give effect to the resolution of the council favoring a redistiibution of the wards of tho city will ba discussed. His Excellency the Governor and Lidy Brassey have shown considerable interest in the work of the competition now being hold by the South street D.‘bating Society. The hnn. secretary is in receipt of a letter from his Excellency asking for information as to the htstory and progress of the society and details of the work of tho competition, as ho is anxious to prepare a suitablo address for delivery on tho occasion of the distribution of prizes at tho Atjademy of Music on the 29th inst. His Excellency and Lady Bras3oy having consented to subsequently attend the Mason ball, ba has intimated th it he will be pleased to occnpy the chair until 10 o’clock, at which hour his Excellency will, with Lady Brassey, proceed to the Alfred Hall. A young man named Thomas Gunn was brought b'fore Messrs Shoppee, Murray, Morrison, Contts, and Bickett, J’a.P., at tho City Police Court yesterday, charged with having unlawfully assaulted John Phillips, used ob'cene language, and resisted Con stables Slater and Thompson whilst in tho execution of thoir dnty. The evidence showed that during the nfternoon of the previous day the accused wont to Messrs Coles and Pnllum’s salo yards, and was interfering with tho horses in tho stables. Phillips, who is engaged on the premises, remonstrated, whereupon the accused struck him a blow in the face. Gunn afterwards was held in the firm’s office until the arrival of Constables Slater and Thompson. _ His conduct was very violent, and the police had considerable tronble in handcuffing him. Ho was subse quently conveyed in a cat! to the lock-np. Mr rullurn gave corroborative evidence, and said .that the language used by the accused, who was partly under tho influence of liquor, wa3 very vil». Sergeant Moran, who conducted the-prosecntion, read out sixteen previous con« yictiona against the accused, arising out of similar offences. In answer to the bench, 'Gunn asked to be dpalt with leniently, and promised to leave Ballarat. Mr Shoppee, chairman of the bench, said that the magis trates were of opinion that the amount of punishment previously awarded had had no effect on him. They considered he was nob fit to be at large, and ought to be chained up like a wild bea3t. For using obscene language, they imposed a fine of £lO or three months, and for assaulting Phillips and resisting the police he was ordered to be imprisoned for three months on each charge, without the option of a fine, making twelve months' im prisonment in all, the sentences to be cumu lative, and with hard labor. Tho Minister of Lands (Mr Best) will visib Ballarat on Saturday to decide matters in regard to the management of the Ballarat Common. Messrs Josephs and Pearce, J’s.P., occupied the bench at the Town Police Court yesterday, when a lad named Michael Sullivan was charged with having b-haved in an insulting manner. The proceedings arose through the defendant taking part in acting the part of a ghost with another boy, who recently was be fore the coart, when a fine of £2 was inflicted. In Sullivan's case it was shown that be had had no hand in constructing the device which was used to frighten people, and tba bench, therefore, fined him £l, or in default a week’s imprisonment. Two persons were fined 03 each, 5s registration, and 2s 6d coats for keep ing unregistered dog3. Two similar cases were withdrawn, and another was adjourned fop seven days. The court then adjourned. Fifty-nine points of rain fell during the 24 honrs np to 10 o’clock last night. The mini mum temperature wa3 37 and the maximum 44 degrees. The South street Competition advanced advanced another stage last night, under tha presidency of Cr H. F. Elliott. There wa3 again a good attendance, and two recitations were disposed of. The competition will ba continued to-night, when the recitation, “ How the fl »g was saved,” will be taken, fop which there are 20 competitors. Ou Friday evening Mr G. E. Ireland, who has judged all the elocution contests, will give an exhibition for the b-nefit of the competitors, and will recite “ Parrhasius.” Michael Fogarty wa3 arrested in the city by Constable Porter shortly after 8 o’clock yester day morning on a ch irge of having been drunk whilo in charge of a hor3o and buggy. He was subsequently admitted to b A meeting of laiiies of Sildiers Hill was held yesterday ut Mingst’s Hill, Macarthur street, to arrange for the proposed carnival in aid of the Ballarat iVorth recreation reserve. About 70 ladie3 were present and several gentlemen: Ths Rev. J. C. Cirmichiel occu pied the chair. Iu opening ths proceedings the rev. gentleman stated that in nearly every part of the City there wore debating societies and recreation reserves. The residents of Soldiers Hill were anxious that they should have a recreation reserve at which to pass a> pleasant hour during tho long summer months. It was proposed to have two tennis courts and a bowling gr j en. The sum of £5O had been promised in donations and the same amount in subscriptions. An effort will be made to ra : se £lOO or £l5O by the carnival, and th 9 meeting tint afternoon was to consider matters and appoint stall-holders. The tenuis courts are likely to cost £4O each and the bowling green £6O. Then there would ba money wanted for the erection of build ings and fencing. Ho hoped all present would do their best to make the carnival a success Mr Owen, the honorary secretary, said he was pleased to see such a large attend ance, which showe 1 that the ladies were ear nest as to establishing a recreation reserve on Soldiers’ Hill. The ground, winch had been obtained throngh the kindness of Mr Denuis ton, and wis situate ! at tho corner of Arm strong and Gregory streets, was within easy aocs-s of those on the Hill, and would doubt less be much appreciated by the residents, owing to the distanco from any other recrea tion reserves. H > hoped the ladies would ba well supported in their efforts, and that tho reserve would become a permanent one, oE which ths inhabitaa'a would be proud. The stalls and stallholders were then appointed as follows General stall, Mr3 Carnegie; flower stall, Mrs Deardon; lollio still, Miss Vale; apron stall, Miss Hardie; doll stall, Mrs Flowerday: art stall, Mra Ceoil Jones; and cike s'all, Mrs Denniston. Ifc was resolved that power ba given the ladies mentioned to enlist the aid of others, and tha committee was authorised to arrange other preliminary details. It was also mentioned tbit the committee would consider for how many days tho carnival would be open, and also as to tho opening of the grounds with some kind of demonstration. Very encourag ing reports were handed in, and judging by tho interest displayed the carnival is likely to be very successful. A vote of thanks to tha chairman cmc'nded the meeting. The annual meeting of the B dlnrafc Ladies’ Benevolent Clo'hing Society will be held at tho Asylum board room at 4 o’clock this after noon. Seven debt cases wero listed for hearing at the City Police Court yesterday. Two were adjourned for a fortnight, as the complainants hid not attachod u bdl of particulars to tha summonses, and- in the other oases verdicts for the amounts claimed, with costs, were given. Two persons charged with drunken ness and three trnanoy cases were also dis posed of. A meeting of tho ratepayers of the south riding of Ballarat-hire was held on Monday overling, at Col**s’ Windermere hotel, to con sider the resignation of Cr Harding. There was a good attendance of ratepayers, and Mr J. Mi’chell was in the chair. Cr- Harding informed the meeting that he had definitely decided not to seek re-election, which announcement was received with re gret, as he h >d been a faithful representative of the riding for tho last nine years. It was th-n unanimously decided to call another meeting for Monday, 27th inst., at the same time and place, to choose a candidate to fill the vacancy. Depositors in the City of Melbourne Bank, Limited, in liquidation, and the English and Au-tralian Mortgage Bank, Limited, in liquida tion, ar« notified >-lsewhere that they can have their dividends collected through the office of Messrs R. M. West, Hunter, and Cos., 3S- Lydiard street south. Annie Scott, 2 1/2 years old, of Stawell street, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for a. sprain of the left wrist and a rupture of the ligature, cans -d through the r-hildbeing lifted out of n chair by the arm. Wm. Potts, 23, of Main Road, was attended to for a fracture of the lower jaw, t lie result of a blow from another man. The president of tho School of Mines (Mr A. Andorsonl has invited a large number of" ladies and gentlemen to meet at the school to night. to witness a practical demonstration of the Rontgen photographic process. A concert will bo given in the A.N.A. Hall to-morrow night in aid of the widow and. family of the late Jas. Morgan. A good pro er imme will bo given by Misses Alexander, L. Henkel, L. Boana», Spenc->, B. Muller and G. Book, and Messrs A. C- Carnegie, J. S. Deany, W. J. Roberta, J. Morriss, M. F. White ami W. P. Mitcholl. At the City Police Court yesterday Senior- Constable Daly proceeded against Mr John Spiers for having driven a vehicle without lights on the 20th June. The defendant offered to oon tribute £3 3s to the poor-box and to pay 9* Gd costs, which was accepted by tho bench, and the ease was withdrawn. Mr Spier3 immediately handed the money to Sergeant Moran, who has been instrumental during tho last few days iu having over £5 placed in the box. The Adelaide Evening Journal mentions that Mr A. Colenso Kessall, who recently re turned to Adelaide after having made an eventful tour of the world, lias received tho appointm-nt of shorthand and typewriter to the Central Exploration and Investment Cor poration of London, through their Adelaide representative, Mr J. M. Solomon-Senior. Mr Kea-ell leaves Adelaide by the Orient liner R.M.S. Cnzco for Albany, whence he will pro ceed to Coolgardio, where the Corporation is at present carrying on extensive operations. • A special moeting of the Hospital committee will ba held to-uight to appoint a dispenser. 