NEW ZEALAND. DIOCESE OF DUNEDIN. 5 As previously announced' in the columns of " The Advocate," the consecration of the Right Bev. Dr. Verdon as Bishop of Dunedin, in succession to the deeply-lamented Bishop Moran, took place at St. Joseph's Cathedral, Dunedin, on Sunday, 3rd inst. The consecrating prelate was the Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney, and the other prelates who took part in the function were the Bishops of Maitland, N.S.W., and of Christchureh, N.Z. The sermon immediately succeeding the consecration was delivered by the Most Rev. Dr. Redwood, S.M., Archbishop of Wellington, and at the evening devotions the Most Rev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, preached as follows :—By a happy and auspicious coincidence the first time your new bishop has solemnly blessed you with the triple sign of the Cross is on the beautiful and instructive Feast of the Finding of the Holy Cross. For many years he ministered in a churchy and presided over a college dedicated to the Holy Cross. Every bishop who is consecrated, every priest who is ordained, every act of jurisdiction that is exercised in the church, every grace that was given to the faithful was a fresh triumph for the Cross of Christ "And if I be lifted up from the earth I will draw aJl things to myself," said our blessed Lord. And again; " As Moses lifted up the serpent in the desert, so must the son of man be lifted up." And lifted up He was on the Cross as the antitype of the serpent raised by Moses in the desert to cure those who had been bitten by the fiery serpents. It was, as one of the fathers of the Church beautifully expresses the idea, while He slept the sleep of death on the Cross that the Church, His spouse, was formed from His Sacred Heart, as He was formed from the side of the first Adam. From His side, pierced with the soldier's lance, while yet He hung on the Cross, came forth water and blood, emblems, as the Fathers tell lis, one of the sacraments of Regeneration in which we are born again of water and .the Holy Ghost, and the other of that holiest of all sacraments in which the body and blood of Jesus are given to us for the food and nourishment of our .souls. The Cross was, in truth, the altar on which the divine Victim immolated Himself to mike perfect satisfaction to the majesty of the Godhead outraged by sin, and to purchase for men grace here on earth and eternal glory in heaven. What wonder, then, that the Church should celebrate with special joy and solemnity the two Feasts of the Cross which occur during the year—the feast of the "Finding of the Holy Cross,V which: we celebrate to-day, and the feast of the " Exaltation of the Cross," whichi is celebrated on 14th September. ; Besides these two feasts, the Cross is specially venerated on Good Friday. Indeed, amongst all the ceremonies Holy Week, solemn and sorrowful pa they are, there is not one that appeals to the senses, to the heart; aiifl to the understanding more vividly or directly, than the ceremony , of .the Veneration of the Cross. It has occurred so recently you "will easily recall It ito mind. On' Good Friday, after tJse prayers,.-which are said for jaU classes and conditions of men—because on that day Christ, died for' all—the 1 deacbm taikes the veiled* cross from the altar and places it in the hands of the celebrant standing'on the lowest step, of the altar. J There the, "celebrant lincovers a small portion of the Cross, raises' it;-present* it to the people, a4d chants ^'.Behold the wood op which hung the saivatt6n of the world;'.'! The pfeflpte' 'IciiSel^iSiid Generate thS li Cifoss. This first 5>arWai unveiling of. the,Cross then iaecends to the plane tof theMtftr, uncot^, ! ®^ar P ls ;vPf .the Qrpss,r»and SJSwflw .tone t"he'saihewords. ~pnbllbpreachiaff l l l l l l l i P f P * I^^irnuujy dtt J&nsaaem.; The celebrsmt 'adrSn^ to the centreof thealtar and uncovers the whole of the Cross, repeating the %jii<eitfwSs; iepWieeiMIng the fall and preathtng of; the Gospel to the GetiUleS as ifrell as to the Jews. The witrili of cetemony is intimately connected with the feast of this day. It bitegs as back to the - end of the first garter of the fourth century, or the jti&T; a.'b. 326. In that year &t; Helena the' Bibthter - of Conetantlne, in lier extreme old age 1 , undertook the journey Jerusalem for the purpose of finding thto true Crbss. Conetantlne had lattely won a glorious victory over the 'tyrant Maxcentius. The victory was signalised by a luminous cross, which appeared In the heavens, having inscribed on it " In this shalt thou conquer." St. Helena was filled with the d&ftre; of finding and Rescuing flhe true Gross from the oblivion and igitontfny to which the fear of the JeWB and the hate of the Emperor Hadrian had consigned it. Her search was successful bfeyond the shadow: of a doubt B^ order of Constantine, a magnificent fttttple was built to receive and enfchrine the portion of the Holy Cross kept at Jerusalem. It is that finding Of the. Holy Cross by St. Helena that we commemorate to-day. Butt) the true Cross was afterwards captured by Chosroes, King of the Persians, and "kept for some years in the hands of the Infidels. It was subsequently recovered by the Emperor' Heraclius, Tffhb, barefooted and uncrowned, earned it on bis shoulders to the Church of the Holy Cross. This is the event which is celebrated on the feast of the Exaltation of the Cross oh the Itth of September. From these very early times the custom of venerating the true Cross in its church in Jerusalem was observed on Good Friday. Pilgrims eame from long distances to take part In the ceremony ; but, as comparativtely few could venerate the trute Cross in Jerusalem, crosses were made in the likeness of the true Cross, and were exposed in various churches for the veneration of the faithful on the anniversary of the death of Christ Now, one would imagine that there is nothing in a ceremony so conformable to nature and our best natural instincts and so calculated to excite pious and penitential sentiments in the mind, to pHovoke, criticism, or to warrant a charge of superstition or idolatry. One would imagine that the venerable tradition of the past—dating from those early ages when the faith and worship of the Church were admittedly pure— would be sufficient to vindicate a devotion simple and so touching from the unreflecting censures of the ignorant or the unwise. One would Imagine that when the desolate widow, by her lonely hearth, takes out the image of iter deceased husband or of her absent eon and JriBses it, or the son in a Strange land brings forth the treasured image of his mother and reverently presses it to his lips, while the tears Stream from his eyes, that the action is natural and fitting and consoling. But when we kiss the image of the crucified we are told that we are guilty Of superstition or of idolatry. Let us see, then, on what grounds our devotion to the Cross rests. Veneration or worship is an act by which we acknowledge the superior excellence of gome other being, and our submission to that being on account of such superior excellence. The excellence on recount of which we venerate or wor- Aipmay be the uncreated and infinite excellence, which is found in God jalone, or it may be a created and limited excellence, which is found in creatures. Again, this created excellence may be supernatural, such as is found by reason of their gifts of grace 'and glory in the saints and angels of .God," or Jt may be merely a natural excellence such as is found in men by reason of their great natural gifts, or •the' high offices or elevated worldly station they hold. Now, the kind of •y^neratlbn we give to any being depandson the excellence which that being possesses. If the excellence is Infinite, .such as is found in God alone, .the /worship we give is supreme, and is commonly called adoration. If the excellence be supernatural, but created, jiddt therefore, limited, we give, a w»r- «hlp of a totally different kind, usually called the worship of dulia, and if the excellence lie .merely natural, excellence, ire give a civil or social worship -or veneraiipn, such a« is given by their •subjects.lio a king; ..or queen,, or emperor. To God alone we give supreme •Htorehlp on account <*T His Infinite per fee tloh//iti Ihe Btessed 'Alrgin, th< • and 'saints,' ,we;give a WFWto lute-when it isimanediately offered to the .object in which resides the super-: fciDtuiMor natural excellence oil account of which it is offered. It is, on the other hand, relative when offered hot to the object itself which possesses ••the excoUenteei, but. to some) object which is closely connected with, or which represents the object in which that excellence resides. The object which receives this relative worship possesses no excellence in itself, but the whole reason for the respect paid to It 1b found in the object with which it is closely connected, or which it represents. Thus members of Parliament bow to the mace because it is the symbol of Imperial power. Men honour the statue or the crown of their sovereign for the same reason. They honour, and purchase at a great price, and, treasure most carefully, the relics or mementos of great men who have distinguished themselves in the world's history. Such is the relative worship, it should be needless to say, we give to the Cross of Christ. We honour it, we bow before it, we kiss it because It is especially connected with the Passion and death of Christ, because on It Christ consummated the redemption of the world; therefore it is that, with the Apostle, "we glory in the Cross of our Lord Jesus Christ." And in doing so we are only following In the footpath of the Christians of the early centuries. The frequent use of the sign of the Cross is sometimes made a reproach to Catholics by those whos* religion goes back only a few centuries, but the truth is that the identity of the Catholic Church of to day with the Church of the early ages is brought out in a most distinct and consoling way by comparing not only the doctrines but the religious practices of both periods with one another., Take, for instance, the sign of the Cross. Catholics are accustomed to make it on rising in the morning, before and after prayers, before and after meals, on entering a church, on lying down lo sleep, on all occasions of danger, as a defence against temptations, on the occurrence of unforeseen accidents, dud at the beginning of important undertakings, as well as in tihe private blessings and public offices of the Church. Now, it is precisely on these occasions that the early Christians were in the habit of arming themselves with the sign of the Gross, or of using it in all the public functions of religion. I could quote for you, if it would not occupy your time unreasonably, the testimony of the Fathers of the early Church to show that the sign of the Cross was made in their days precisely oh the same occasions, for i the same purposes, and with a view to the same spiritual effects as it is made amongst ourselves. I could quote separate Fathers to illustrate the use of the Cross on each of these occasions, for each of these purposes and effects, such as St. Cyprian, Tertullian, Origen, St. Jerome, St. Augustine, St Ambrose, St. Cyril of Jerusalem, St. Cyril of Nyssa, St John Chrysostom, St. Athanasius, St. Martin of Tours, Theodoret, St. Gregory of Tours, St Ephraim, and others. But I must be content with briefly referring to the familiar passage of Tertullian, in which he tells us that the early Christians, " in all their travels, in all their comings in and goings out in the bath, at the tablet in lighting their candles, in lying down, whatever occupation employed them, were wont to mark their foreheads with the sign of-the Cross," and to the words of St J«hn Chrysostom, where he says that "all things which conduce to our salvation are consummated by the Cross," and again, " the Cross shines resplendent at the sacred table, in the ordinations of the priests, and in the mystic Supper of the Lord's Body. You behold it blazoned everywhere—in private houses and in the public forum, in the streets, on the hills, in ships, on garments, in the bedchambers, on the bodies of distempered animals," etc. If one of these Fathers were to come back to life, it is easy to know which" Church lie would recognise as Identical in religious practice with the . Church bf his time, and what opinion he would form of those bodies of Christians amongst whom this frequent use of the sign of the Cross and the veneration of the Cross Itself are practically unknown, if not bitterly derided as superstitious and idolatrous. But we glory in the Cross of Christ and, therefore, we make the sign of the Cross frequently in the day. We make It by putting the right hand to the forehead; then to the breast, then to the left and ri^ht shoulders, saying, " In the naJrqe of the Father, iuid of the Son, and of .the Ghost. Amen." And in tbift stioi't and sifaple form we li'aVe a compendium of the whole Christian religion. -We are taught, first, the unify God by saying," In the name," and not in the names; secondly, we are taught the trinity of persons by ffrbuoTOcffijr aji&paraiely; : the : :Fa8tieSf' Son. and: Holy Ghost; thirdly,! byptttting ,the liandto the ,forehead...wjhen pronouncing £he Father's nmnowear® taughtthattliie- FatheristhefountaiB head of the Divine fecundity; andby bringing down ,the hand to the breast, •when pronouncing the Son'snamejwe are taught that He is begotten of the Father; iind by joining the-left and right shoulders when pronouncing the name of the Holy Ghiost, that He proceeds from the mutual love of Father and Son. Again, by making the sign of the Cross on the forehead, lips, and breast, we consecrate to God the thoughts of our minds, the words of our mouths," and the affections of our hearts. The crucifix is the book—the Bible of the unlearned. In it they may read the whole history of God's dealings with men, of sin, redemption, grace, and glory to come. The learned may find in it a perpetual appeal to re- . pentanee or to perseverance—an efficacious incentive to every virtue. The bowed head, the crown of thorns, the mangled flesh, the pierced side, the outstretched arms, speak to the devout heart of peace, patience, humility, purity, generosity, and compassion. Dearly belovad, keep the Cross of Christ about you. Often looli at that : sacred sign. Press the image of the Crucified to your lips, but in doing so remember that Judas kissed Jesus only to betray Him, and Judas heard the cry of pain : " Judas, dost thou betray the Son of Man with a kiss ?" On the other hand, Magdalen kissed I the feet of Jesus, and bathed them with her tears, and wiped them with her hair, and Magdalen beard from the lips of Divine Mercy the absolving words, "Many sins are forgiven her because she hath loved much." Kiss the image of the Crucified not. with hardened heart of Judas, but with the repentant love of Magdalen, and a voice will 6peak to your heart, "Go, sin no more," " Take up thy cross and follow Me." And now, one last word to the newly-consecrated bishop and I have done. My lord, you have been consecrated on the Feast of the Finding of the Holy Cross. You, too, have found your cross today. But, fear not It will be a luminous cross ; the crozier put into your hands to-day by his Eminence is wreathed with the shamrock and hallowed by the grasp of as noble and as devoted a bishop as Australasia has ever known. His sainted spirit will look down from , Heaven on this noble cathedral—the work of his hands—and the adjoining convent an<j presbytery, and the priests and people of the whole diocese, and as it was his earnest wish that you might be bis successor in this see, he will not fail to make intercession before tihe Throne of God for the bishop and his whole flock. The Cross, therefore, will be for you a luminous Cross, i from which will come rays of light revealing the motto ,"In hoc signo vinces "—" In this sign shalt thou conquer." The Rev. Fr. Burjie read an affectionate address of welcome on behalf of the clergy of the diocese, and several other congratulatory addresses were presented to the newly-consecrated prelate. WILL YOU BE WISE ? OR FOOLHARDY ? SUCH SYMPTOMS AS HEADACHE, BACKACHE, SLEEPINESS, INDIGESTION, etc., INDICATE A DISORDERED LIVER. CLEMENTS' TONIC IS A PROMPT AND POSITIVES CURE. CLEMENTS' TONIC DOES NOT TREAT SYMPTOMS, IT REMOVES THE CAUSE. FOR PROOF READ THIS. Mr. W. R. Welsh, Pine VaUey Hotel, Cooma, N.S.W., who writes on 18th May, 1893 :—I have suffered severely for the last three years with severe j bilious attacks, headache, nausea, pains j in the stomach, sleeplessness, loss of appetite, and energy, etc. Reading j and hearing so much about the cures performed' by Clements Tonic after j other remedies failing, I resolved to try i a bottle or two. Finding relief from the very first, I resolved to give it a fair, test, and continued taking It until I had used seven or eight bottles, and > I am happy to say it entirely cured me of the above complaints. I am as well now as ever I have been in my life. If this letter is of any benefit to you you ; are at liberty to give it every publicity. | —I remain, yours sincerely, W. R. Welsh, Pine VaMey Hotels. Cooma, N.S.W. 