Women's Christian Temperance Union. ANNUAL CONVENTION. CONSECRATION MEETING. The consecration meeting in connection, with the Convention was held last night. There was a large attendance, and amongst the audience were a few gentle men. The whole of the business was in the hands of the ladies. A great portion of time was spent in devotional exercises and singing, several sacred solos and duets being sung by delegates. Mrs. Ward read a paper on 'The Fullest Blessing,' in which she urged on all to seek for the blessing which God was ready to pour out upon their work. In stances were given in which marked an swers were sent to special prayer. Work in which the Union were engaged was not done without much sacrifice of per sonal comfort. To many of those working in the cause it would be more enjoyable to remain in their homas, but they felt that their work was for the benefit of mankind, and in order to carry this out they were prepared to sacrifice as chris tians. In order to be successful they needed to have a fullness of blessing. They needed the aid of the Holy Ghost to invigorate the life of the society. They sought this hoping to be better women than they were when they came to Bath urst. It was the command of Christ to be filled with the Spirit. , Mr?. An till delivered an address on Temperance. The temperance pledge did not mean Salvation. Nothing but Christ could give this. The work of the Union was to try and remove the curse of drink. This was found to1, be a difficult task, and they needed the sympathy and assistance of others in the work. To many the drink was not a snare, but there were few families who had not felt the sting in some way or another. They should do all they could to remove the snare from the homes of others. A professing Christian should not hesitate to assist in this cause, and should not put any hindrance in the way of others. Christ was able to do this work Himself, but He always made others do their part. Their place was to remove stumbling blocks ia the ways of others. It was necessary for them to accept salvation theraselyes before offering it to others. If every Christian took a decided stand in the cause of sobriety the drink traffic would soon be done away with. She urged all to remove the curse from their homes. Too often it was the case that children first learned to drink by seeing it in their homes. The women sought to help in this cause, and they . asked all to band together in the warfare and fight the gigantic eviiB of strong drink, gambling, opium and immorality of all kinds, and to remove iniquity from the landr The President said that this work was' not a mere fad. Their object was to do good to their fellow man. It was generally: the brightest and most sensitive men who took to drink, and who came to harm.' Very few families escaped the effects of the curse and while this was the fact no pro fessing Christian should sit down^dly doing nothing. She could not understand hovf any man who was a professed follower of Christ could put to his - mouth \t he ; cup. which has been the ruin of thousands. It was a sad thing to know that', side by side with the British' flag si the rum flag was always . flying. \ In India the Brahmins made as &a; excuse for not embracing Christianity! that if they did so they would also have' to' accept strong drink. She urged those who had the franchise to exercise it in curtailing, if not in the total prohibition of the evil. The speaker went on to refer to the specially evil effects strong drink bad on women. The Convention was held in Bathurst with the object of creating in creased interest in the work of temperance. Children were thebest judges of chnro,*. ShildTf Jl^Ii r he™ -^^^r «'a'mple i» a^ a ft lvJfc *?? only rank selfish ness toJBggijgSTn the ,ux|fty 0{ drMdng i.—i which was the ruin of thousands of their fellow-creatures. 