OUR MELBOURNE LETTER, [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] The political event of the past week was the delivery of the Budget speech, and it was not a particularly cheery one, In July last Mr. Turner estimated his revenue for the ensuing year at £6,803,645 ; expenditure, £6,784,440 ; surplus, £18,196. It is, however, the perverse habit of estimated surpluses to refuse to work out, and this one was true to its kind. Therefore, the actual figures came out ' £362,505 on the wrong side - or, in other words, Mr. Turner's calculations miscarried by £381,701. But-and for the comfort of Treasurers, if not of taxpayers, there is always an explanatory, " but " about a deficit the case is not as bad as it looks, because Mr. Turner paid off, in January, £250,000 worth of Treasury bonds, so that, the actual deficit is only £112,505. By the same rule if Mr. Turner deducted from his expenditure every other sum paid on public accounts he would be able to show the whole revenue receipts as surplus. However, Mr., Turner does not go quite so far, and is content to joyfully explains that the days of large surpluses are over. I do not propose to prove this proposition ; I only give you the Treasurer's word for it, and in support to quote his estimate for the financial year on which we have just entered, viz, revenue, £6,678,795; expenditure, £6,757,944; deficit, £79,149. All things considered, it is perhaps safer to commence with the deficit, and then when it comes no one will be disappointed. The terribly weak spot in our cash column is, of course, the railways, and this year the deficit is larger than it has been for the last five years. We got it down to £377,877 in 1892-3, and to £391,725 in 1894 5, but this last year it jumped up again to the appalling total of £576,539, from which may be estimated the size of the contract Mr. Mathieson has taken in hand. A further light is thrown upon the general subject by the return furnished of the number of persons employed in the public service. All told these stand at 22,226, though since last year the number has been (decreased by 500, and since the year before by 1,600. These public servants draw in salaries I £2,710,642, or nearly one-half of the entire revenue of the colony. The railway regi- ment of this army is 9,679 strong, and the general figures explain not only where the money goes, but how Sir James Patterson came to be defeated when he arrayed the whole strength of the public service vote against him by threatening to lay an unhallowed retrenching finger upon the holy ark of its emoluments and increments. There is always one blessing about Budget spool that however gloomy may be there trospect, the prospect can be made to shine the brighter by contrast. The one case requires that actual results shall be dealt with, and explained away if possible, but the other allows of unlimited Soaring into the bright and sunny realms of imagination, where cheques can be drawn at will upon the Bank of Fancy, So now the Treasurer, turning his back upon the past bad season, anticipates a grand improvement with the coming bountiful harvest, and he therefore proposes to carry out a liberal public works policy to stimulate trade, to assist industries, to encourage development in every direction, and generally to make things hum. One unpleasant prospect in this connection is that the income tax limit will be lowered to £150, and one certainty that at least £200,000 will be spent in putting in order the rail- ways-rolliug-s took and permanent way which the department has always declared to be perfectly maintained. While I am touching on financial affairs, I may mention that the examination in bankruptcy of Mr. M. W. Fergusson has been continued with certain results which would have been startling but for what has gone before. As it is, the faculty of surprise has been exhausted, and people are only moved to remark that if the Treasurer would only take a leaf out of the Fergusson book all his difficulties, even to his railway deficits, would be over. In fact, Mr. Fergusson promises to take front rank as a public benefactor in this wise You have heard of a man living upon the interest of his debts. > Most folks have regarded it as only a figure of speech, but Last, Deo Mr. Fergusson has shown how it can be converted into such a bright and tangible reality that you can not only draw the interest, but actually realise the principal in current coin of the realm. The discovery was made in this manner. Question arose about an item of £7,543 9s. 8d. credited to Mr. Fergusson in capital account; yet he put no money into the company, but claimed that it was the balance to his credit on the adjustment-of items. His book-keeper was called to explain, and it was made plain that Mr. Fergusson first received credit to the extent of £10,000 for the goodwill of a hopelessly insolvent business which had been losing at the rate of £5,000 per annum, and which the insolvent himself admitted to be past recovery ; but his debts to the bank as a member of the firm were placed to his credit as a member of the company into which the business was floated, and paid-up scrip in the company to the amount of £20,000 was issued to him against this credit. This was done by the direction of Mr. Longmuir, the manager of the bank, whose set off was that the bank held the insolvent personally liable for the overdraft, so that to the £10,000 for the good- will of the bankrupt business was added the credit i caused in marketable shares for the bank overdraft The book-keeper testified that he demurred about the entry for the goodwill, and the bank manager told him, " Don't be too d- free with your advice. When I want your opinion I will ask for it." Certainly a more extraordinary chapter of boom revelations has not yet come to light, and the sequel will be awaited with considerable interest. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Brassey have during the past week paid a short visit to Ballarat, where they were most loyally and hospitably received. During their short stay they were kept busy attending social functions, and returned to town only to find others awaiting like attention. In his own hospitalities Lord Brassey is most profuse, and he has even opened his arms to that most doubtful of all classes pressmen. But, it is said, and, I have reason to conclude, with more truth than generally attaches' to such reports, that His Excellency is rather partial to the genus pressman, Indeed, I have heard in more quarters than one, though I do not regard the authority as sufficient, that among his other duties he is busily qualifying for membership of the Journalists' Institute, and that the splendid series of Argus articles, " The deeds which won the empire, can claim a no less distinguished authorship. As I say, I cannot vouch for the truth of the report, and, for all that is known in press circles, some reincarnation of Junius himself might be the author, even if they are not written by old Sir Nominie. Umbra from beyond the border. But this I do know that they are splendidly written that they have caught on like a healthy epidemic of influenza, that they have done more to create a national senti- ment in young Victoria than anything which has yet been published, that they have more powerfully helped the cause of Imperial Federation than all the speeches, leaders and magazine articles delivered and written, and that the Argus has scored magnificently in their production, You have no doubt heard much about our Godless secular State school system, and, perhaps, may be pleased to learn that un- attached Scripture teachers are now permitted to give a lemon one a week to those children whose parents make no objection. These teachers find that the ground is by no means encumbered by the amount of information which some of the children possess for Biblical subjects, while in other cases the confusion of acquired ideas touch- ing Scripture narrative is as ludicrous as it is deplorable. Thus one youngster mixed sp Bac red and profane history by gravely stating that Judas Iscariot was so called because he had red hair, and was killed by an arrow from a bow drawn at a venture. Another explained that Joan of Arc led the Children of Israel through the wilderness, and that a pillar of fire went before her by night, and a pillar of cloud by day. But the strangest mix-up of all was the following written account of the death of Jezebel :-" And early in the morning Jehu arose and went forth into the streets of the city, and there locked out to him two eunuchs from a window, and Jezebel looked out also. And Jesus said Throw her down and they threw her down. And he said Do it again,' and they did it again. And he said Do it a third time,' and they did it a third time : Yes, even unto seven times ; yes, even unto seventy times seven. Last of all the woman died also, and they lookup of the fragments that remained, 12 baskets full," 1 The hospital nurse agitation, to which I referred in my last, has progressed to the point of a deputation to the Premier from the governing committees of the institutions protesting against the now condition attached to the Crown grants, that the women nurses shall not be worked more than 168 hours in 21 days, an average of eight hours per day. The basis of objection was the increase in expense w< decrease in the useful ness of the hospitals, and the alternative predicted for the Premier's consider ration was an increase of the grants or a withdrawal of the notice. Mr. Turner was pretty clear in reply. He would hold out no hope of the condition being withdrawn, but he would suspend its operation for six months and consider the increase of the grants when the new Charities Bill comes under, discussion, The Maggie Moore season at the Royal closed last Friday night with the production of S¿n¿cfcOe7andthoC7/iiiicscíl'tíesíi»tt. The bill was put on the evening before by way of complimentary benefit to the popular favourite. It was made the occasion for a positive ovation. She was cheered to the echo. Flowers were showered upon her till she stood knee-deep in them, and by way of finale that veteran dramatic critic, Dr. Nield, took the stage, and presented her with an illuminated address and a purse of sovereigns. Then the other veteran, George Coppin, presented her with a diamond ring, and told her that the Trilby receipts were larger than those whom she made her appear soon in Melbourne 22 years ago and most significant of all, on the following, the closing, evening the whole staff made a presentation to Mr. Sproule, the treasurer. What act could possibly indicate more forcibly the satisfactory manner in which the ghost had walked The incident in itself speaks volumes. The American drama, with Mr. Nat Goodwin as its exponent, is not catching on satisfactorily at the Princess. A Gilded Fool only ran for the week. In Mizzoura, a Pike Country drama, is running this week, and next week we are to have The Rivals. George Rignold opened with Cheer Boys, Cheer at the Royal on Saturday night. It is a marvellous production, and played till within a few minutes of midnight. The quantity was certainly there but the quality was scarcely up to the mark expected. 