REMINESCENCES OP THE CLAUENCE. NYMBOIDA JACK'S RKTHIUUTION. (By A. E. VINCENT.) QüiTE an incorrigible Was onu Nymboida Jack, And, for nn aboriginal, j A most outragions black. Selectors, bu it stated. Formed for him a mark, ' And everyone so fated Was looted in the dark. Evil seemed the sponsor Of this nomadic man ; To make his actions answer, He ever struck a plan. From Grafton to the table heights He plied his pilf ring game ; It's not too much to Bay the whites Trembled at his name. At length the_/7ji¿ emile along Jack must be brought to book . Settlers formed a bolly strong To search both crng and nook. One evening hy the Sugnrloaf They came upon his trail ; Fach one of them had sworn an oath Tn bring him down to gaol. So, by some artful dodging, They effected an arrest. And soon Ny rnboida's " lodging " Was in "duriinco" manifest. But, " durance " in the early days Was primitive indeed For Grafton was of moral ways. And prisons didn't need So Jack was fastened to a tree Until his " hearing " came. But ere the dawn, oh, where was he That darky and lils chain ? Go ask tho mountain fa'stnoss By Buccarumbi's trend, Which teamsters as they pass lt Gall " Empyreal HaideB End." Here he lived and hunted, Away from searching eye ; Anon he even chanted Some native lullaby. At length he grew more daring, And joined his sable tri lie, Who, tired of, warfaring. Camped near "Blodger's Pride." . " Blodger's Pride " was cozy pub, Raised »eur crystal Btream, Where often divers games or "rub" At fall of night were seen. And Blodger planted golden grain, Which yielded lu galore, Likewise engaged the dusty train To well the harvest store. Nymboida Jack was of the host Who stored the yellow grain, But little reck'ed he that the ghost Would yield ere evening came. "Good morning, Missal] Blodger, Give it 'bucca too? Baal I bin robber, ' Patter ' long a you. Mo bin seen it, Chinkeo Tumblo down last nigh." And in native nuthodoxy Ile " screwed " his mouth to right. "What Obinkeedo you mean, sir The poor old hawker Sue? If " tumble down" means murder, He's been murdered. Jack, by youl So you'd better turn and show tho way, Tile truth I'm bound to know, And if you try to "scoot" away I'll down you like a crow 1" Stealthily the darky trod. Like dingo on the scent, Until they'd reached a shaded knob Where Sue hud pitched his ten», Blood was seen on every side Human atoms too Nor was the limit circumscribed Where footprints met the view. It needed no deep scrutiny To note what did betide, Bv what measure of barbarity The Confuseian one hud died. "Monster, you're tho culprit, To me tue truth is clear; v Now your life you'll forfeit You, too, shall perish here I" And then the gun be shouldered Flush I the echo sped And where the camp fire smolder'd Nymboida Jack fell dead. Summary was justice. Methinks you'll doubtless say ; But then the solid truth is, 'Twere needed anyway. Nought but by drastic measure Could sables understand That shedding blood at leisure Was furbidden in the land. All along the coastal line They held unbounded sway ; The whites nil had an anxious timo By night ns well as day. 'Tis years since Blodger hoary Sailed for tbe Stygian shore. So this posthumous story Is a relic, nothing more. 