THE GENERAL'S " STORY. Was I over really frightened ? Well, yes, though uot in the field. I have seen some hard fighting, as you kndw, but I think tho affair J ' allude to was the closest shnvo I over ha j. . I was studying law in Now York at the time. ... Ono dsy ns J sat in my ofiico writing, tho post- man brought mo a neatly-folded envelope bear- ' lug my address. As I tore it open a'faiutodour of porfumo Oiled tho room. The contents of the letter, as uuar as 1 cnu rcsueinher, were us< follows Dear Friend,— Cull Mils evening at eight , o'clock. i wish to sec you ou some very particular business. Do uot fail mo. Al. A. S. ; To say Hint 1 was much surprised nt the in vitation is a mild doHcripliou of my feelings. I had known tho writer only a tew weeks. A she was what Dickons would cull a mature young lady, and I was a mere boy, our inter- ! ! courso had uutiirally boon very limited. Whnt 44 particular business" she wished to seo me about passed my comprrdiLMisioi). I Uioiight > of Mm matter all tlm afternoon without coming to any reasonable conclusion. However,. I was young uud curious, nml at the appointed tin'ie v set out for tlm place indicated in tho letler, uud with a nervous hand pulled tbo door-bull. After waiting for a few moments I hoard foot- ' slops.approaching. Tho door, was noiselessly, opened,, and Miss Sandys stood before nut, making a gesture to indicate, silence. Beaching ' out her hand sho led, mo through tho hall to n smull room which was enshrouded, iin was the . , hull itself, in tlio deepest darkness. , . Iu a whisper shu told mu why sho wished to consult me. . . 44 My sister," she snid, 44 is about lo run, away to-ntghl to got married. Father is bitterly opposed lo the match ; ho is a very violent mmi,' and Icoups a pistol on his table before him iu the. next room vowing to shoot my sister's lover II ho dares lo outer tho houso. Wo think ho sus pects that this is tho night appointed for the ' marriage, und is prepared to execulo his pur pose. Wo havo. dono nil . uo ooult! lit pttcily, him, hut in vain. Ilo is iu a torriblo rage." ' , , 44 Hut, my dear Aliss .Sandys,'? I said'iifsoihe 1 perturbation, 4' what has all this to do with .. j 44 Wo may need your protection ; 1 told sistm I felt sure we could rely upon you.') 44 You aid very complimentary. It seams to mo, however, that in family matters, a stronger should not interfere." » . . . 44 Oh, wu don't rousidtir you a stranger, Air, >'/ Stanton! I am sure you. will uot refuse to< , oblige us. Hush— I hear papa moving. Keep' perfectly still iu this room until 1 call you." Thus saying shu noiselessly disappeared, loaviug ino to my own reductions, which wore uot, iis may well bu supposed, vory pIuhhhilv . ' I could huur thu lioavy foo|stups of tho Imari < <. of the family as hu paced unceasingly about thu next room. 1 could hear the deep mutter ing of his wrath ns hu culled dmvu mulcdictiom; ou tho hand of his prospective Koii-in- luw. An tho time passed his words liecninu blcmtcil to gether, indicating that ho had been drinking! heavily, and ouco or twice ho staggered .violent- - ly against Hut door, almost breaking into thf room iu which 1 sat. 44 Ilo will certainly burst the door open," t said to myself ; "bo will mistake mo for Brown., .nnd beforo lie discovers bis error 1 ahull bit slain, ami thou it will bo too Into for mo to provu mj ,' ideality. 1 shall have died tho duath.of a sup' posed burglar." Eoyornl times I inndo up my mimltosUq out of Hie room and escape ; imt thu footstupi of tlio iuforintod father' sounded dungcrotihlj uear ; I was unacquainted with tho bolts hiic, and lock by which thu front door was fastened.! and did nut think it wo possible, to remove thou without making noise enough to start my vigil- . . ant neighbour' 'On my track. ' . ' How long I continued wrapped in my own im- ' eomlorlublo reductions I do uot know., U scorned to bo nu.ngo, I could almost bear mj ' heart beat in thu koinbro stillness oT that darV . room, but tho cuasulras trump continued, tine , tho hours rolled on until I was in despair, au? tho conviction forced itself on my mind thut should never, get out of that houso iilivo. A last I hoard tho rustling of a! woman's rlreai ' : near mc, aud tlio noise iu tlio street of a pass-! " . iug carriage, which appeared to stop noar, Tbei a female voice said: — 44 Wo are, ull ready. Make, no ;uuiso,; attc follow mc," ...... tSiluntly, nnd as quick ns possible, shu Ind me to tho hall door.wbero tho younger Aliss Sanely : - : tremblingly stood. Tbo bolts were .drawn, tin . koy was turned in tho look, aud in .a second wi ' were in thu street, where Air. Brown's oarriagi ; awaited us. l'or a man weighing two hundred and fift» ; pounda Brown displayed u wonderful amount ol, - activity. In less timii two seconds lm had jump ed from his scat, kissed his prospective wifi fifty times at least, lifted her bodily from Hu siduwulk ami placed heron the seat bosido bim, Mins Sandys aud I quickly followed, anil im . timo was lost in leaving tho dangerous vicinity I'ruseutly Air. Brown, who seutm-d to he of i facetious turn of mind, introduced u new pliasi in thu elopement . Addressing himsolf pointed ly to me, whose acquaintanceship hu had jux formed, ho remarked -. — 44C'omo, Stanton, Sarah and myself are going to get married, am) it is a good timo for yoi and May to follow suit. What do yon think o. tho idea 44 Oh, Dick, don't!" giggled -Alias 'Handys 44 Wu uuvor dreamed of such a thing when w startud. Wo only want to sco you and Fund safely through. Isn't that all, Air, tituutou 'f - shu coquoMishly nddod. Hero was a predicament for a bashful boy ol . 14J ! How could I affront thuyopug lady by , refusing ber hand ? And yet 1 iclt I could' no marry hor ; better tho revolver from whioh I ; ; \- had just escapud than Mutt ! ; . Fortunately lor me. Brown did nil tho talkie/ hihI now ceased urging tho iimtlcr until tin carriage stopped at thu minister's rusidutiuu where wo all alighted. Just before wo ascend cd the stops he turned around aud delivered hit purling admonition : — . i 44 Now us soou as the minister completes ttn ceremonies in our case, you and Alay can step ' ' forward and tako our places, aud io a few uio , meiits you will both bo mado happy fur lifu Dou't bo afraid ; it will.be ull right !" I supjmso, the imtu was joking.; ho saw. my , trcpidutiou, and wished' to havu u littlo fuu nl my uxpunse. Bub to mo thu matter was a griu reality. I havo never been sentenced to capital punishment, hut I know i experienced, while UKoeuding thus) steps, tbo exact sensations of a msu who is about to mouut tho scaffold, ipid,, sous, for tbo first time, thu l-opo by which ho h'' to, ho executed. 1 romuiubur hoiv my limU trembled, and feel convinced I looked as whitt ns ghosts are said to look, although I Imve nevor, seen ouu. . . 5 Side ity sido Aliss May and I followed Brown and his prospective brido to tho minister's study.. Tho solemn word weru pronounced which : ' uuitod theiu for over, ami ero llioy worn omiud I made up my uiind to escape buforo it was too «, lute. Thu door boiug lnft open 1 retreated in ,' haste without- tho formality of a farewell, and ; never stopped running until I reached my oivu -.i,? door. AVhat Miss Sandys thought of my flight I do" / ' not know, as 1 uevur saw hur aftorwiids:j ; noither cim I diviuo hur motive in placing one j ' ) who was almost a striiugor to her iu snch adry- ing position, - Yes, I plead' guilty to having' ' ! inudo a oowvrdly . retreat .at least once in myr. d? lifo; and yet— would, any of, you havo bueu , , braver ? . . - i - 