BROADBRnrS iTA'TP \YORK LETTER. ; It was in the year of our Lord 187<> that' in the most magnificent white marble palace on the island of Manhattan, ail old, emaciated man lay on his bed of eider-down, wrestling with the angel of death. The lofty-room was richly furnished with-all that, Wealth could [ supply or luxury demand, for the world had been laidiundcr tribute to gratify the vanity of the dying man, who, in a few moments, was to solve the dread mystery of mysteries-a trial that sooner or later comes to us all. Around the dying man's bed there were no tearful watchers, for there were none to mourn. Children lie had none; 110 loving child had ever climbed his knee to call him "Father relations he abhorred and never acknowledged that lie had any ; he had 110 favorites of pets ; no cut or.dog or bird ever claimed his notice t>v attention ; and in his intercourse with those with whom he was associated in business, his friendship was such as may be supposed to exist ainoiig" the icebergs at the Pole. Money was-;his«dGod. In all the land the golden calf had im' move devoted worshipper. : Alexander Tourney Stewart had piled up .many, millions of. dollars, but his lust for gold exceeded his accumulating'wealth, till at last death stopped him in the, hour of his grandest success, and he gave up the ghost, trebly,nnu'inuring,: .'"Too late ! too late ! too late!" He had built tor himself and his wife a mausoleum which rivalled the most beauti ful cathedral oil .the North American con tinent, and beneath the crypt was a white marble sarcophagus, in . which all that was 'mortal of himself and his wife were to repose till, 611 the judgment day, the Archangel's trumpet should summon the Quick anil Dead. . In history, ancient or modern, there is 110 record of a single life which comprises such I failure and success. He died the greatest and richest merchant prince in the United States, yet it availed.him nothing. It was all secured by one who was neither kith nor kin,- The white marble sarcophagus in the crypt of the beautiful cathedral at Garden City is tenant less ; the bones of .the great merchant lie beneath the blue waves of Lake Champlain, where the robbers1 threw them when the pur suing detectivesjn'bEe on their track. Wednesday saw one of the closing chapters in this history of vanity and pride, when the great store which he erected on the coiner of Ninth-street and Broadway closed its doors. Nothing like-it had ever been-seen in this country before. It was more than a rival for the Boil Marche of Paris. On its completion he had achieved the great ambition of his life ; the new uptown store being the great ! central depot for his retail- trade, and. the splendid white marble building.on the corner of Chambers-street and Broadway -was devoted exclusively to the .wholesale trade, and the result, justified his judgment^ for in the year 1875 his trade.amqunted to the.enormous sum of forty-six millions' of dollars.- In 1876 he died; . All the great fortune-he accumulated -wjuisecured-by Judge Hiltoll, his legal adviser! The Judge'set his three soiisup in the bu.sin.ess,. Tliey have carried it on with -various changes for twenty y^enis, and!.after using apj-nve millions of the Judge's money, mi Wednesday their bankruptcy,was announced; "tin.Tues day evening, when the store closed, the em ployes '.received no intimation of trouble.. When tliey returned to work on Wednesday -tlwy-founcLthe_doors closed, and a notice to the effect that the business was closed 'not to be resumed. - ? - - ? . . ; . All Tuesday night-, and -;until the early i light-broke through the-windows on Wed nesday morning, Mr. Hilton and his lawyer, who 'Wiis' appointed his assignee,-struggled ;with'"tlie!hard arid iroricloud. problem of how to avert the: coming ruin. Eiglit hundred thousand dollars must be raised before the going down'of to:iiibiTow's"suii, or the firm of Hilton and Co. would .be posted on tlie list of bankrupt;?, the ruin of which- will form one of the saddest aiid most startling chap ters in the history of 18SK>, . .- In ioiuiection with tlie closing of this great store this week, in utter'"and- hopeless rum', is a weird and romantic incident' which seems; to have been forgotten by the great mass of newspaper readers, though it crea£ed~?i pro found sensation at the time. : One-of the ironclad rules of the firm was that- all" clerks must be at their stations before, .tlie. aiir. nouncqiuent was made that the store was open for businesis; and the clerks" oil either side of a missing clerk were liable to be dis charged if they; failed to;report the unfor tunate "iibsonce." : - ; 1 ..James Walsh, was a.smart young Irishman who,. I .believe, was attached to the silk de partment. He was industrious, frugal and honest, attentive to his" business, bright, cheerful and obliging ; he was a model sales man, and liked by everyone in his-depart "iiicut. "It was in-the month of February, 1875, which will long be remenibered as one of the most bitterly cold months that the ! country had experienced for years. Mr. "Walsli lived in "Brooklyn with! his wife and two children, and in humble apartments was as liappy as happy could be. It'was about the middle of the month; the IJast. Iliver W;ls full wf-. floating ice, in wiiic?i the ferry boat ;got cjiught and drifted helplessly. It -was about an hour late when James Walsh reached Stewart's store. He was just about to;.assume his position, when ;i messenger told him he was wanted at the office. On reaching the office an envelope was handed him containing the balance of his wages and his discharge! . It was in vain that he attempted to get a hearing that, he might explain : at last an officer was called who thrust, him from the store. His wife took sick worrying over her husband's loss of em-' ployment; both were too proud to ? beg : there was no money to buy food or.fuel or medicine, and the weather was bitterly cold. Walsh thought he would make one more efiort to see Mr. Stewart: this. time lie was recogmsedas he entered, when ho was seized by an officer and thrown out of ths store : on the .Broadway side the steps were steep and slippery, and. missing his footstep, he i'vll, severely injuring himself. As lie lay on the sidewalk he 'pointed his linger at ihe build ing and shrieked, "3Iav tlie e.ir;e o; (,'o:l follow tills building till its iron pillars be melted in the fires of hell, and may ho who v&b;, it pfcrSfroAry rot, & ad fnefid to m<(ira]hirn i'Sn'd may his name be --^lrsed ?.UxAigLen;"- lle fell back uppn ; the fr^ezin sidewalk, arid two days after-he committed ^Lets'than a (year after that,.. Alexander T. Stewart died worth fifty million of dollars, yet his life was the most gigantic failure of his time. He hadnr hurning desire^J-bff somebody or to- do sornethin£ that should make him dfslinguislied am&ng; his fellow men. In one of his sudden philanthropic fits lie Conceived the idea of founding a home for pour- -working -girls, where they could "et comfortable board'at a cheap rate. The building was started ;on. a gigantic plan . it was to be built of iron and fire proof. ' All of a sudden the work was stopped, and the; half-finished building was allowed to-go to ruin, and it was supposed, bv many that it was the working-girls' home, lie was thinking about'while ,he was dying, when lie -mumbled.- feebly,, late! too late ! - too-late V':, - r: \ .. ' . ' After ]\IivStewarts :deatli.Judge Hilton ,rot possession of! the- store- riopody kne^\ exactly licriv it: was'done-arid h:e;started his tlu'se sons in the business, associating with them Mr. Denning and 'Mr. Hjighes, who had-, previously been . connected with Mr. Stewart; -Notwithstanding the score's great name, arid though riweked byj unlimited ! cjfpit.nl, it was a dead-loss- from-tlttJ stint. In backing.his sons; and inihe vain ^ndeavor to save them : from bankruptcy arid i'liin,-Judge Hilton is said to have lost over five millions of "dollars:" The dying mail's curs*; hung like a blight on everything; failing succeeded: failure; disaster succeeded disaster.; turn which way they would, the avengitig Nemesis was on their track, till the encl came on Wednesday,- when it. cl,osod-its (loors, never : to be opened to the .(lry goods 4rade agaiiK " Oh, vanity of vanities.": . j . The man's name will soon be fcjrgo.ttenas ; connected with any of the grtaltjworks with which iie'undertook-to'perpetuate liis name. The'millions . thiite-?.hei-piled'isoj Ingh^have vanished. . The" marble paltfte died is now a club house, where" lbaririgrpoli-^ ticians quaff their chairipagne.and hold-high jinks until the coming of the morning light stops their mad carnival. A few years more and-his nnme-Avill -be forgotten, or if remem bcred, above it will be written, " Bankrupt in body arid soul." - . . It is"said that a Chinaman's idea of enjoy ment is noise. If that is true, how. Li. Hung Chang must have kicked his heels lip against the ceiling of bis stateroom as lie passed the White Squadron. Didn't we bang at him ! Well, I guess so. In addition to the Jng nuns every steam whistle in the; harbor put in its best demi-semi quavers, all pitched in the key of X. : On board of several merchant JC^SsI.s..K^tt.^l'V^.)!in»e-Chi.nes.e gongs, such -as all the country landlords' throughout New England used to wake- up their guests to a six o'clock breakfast fifty or sixty years ago: As -soon as Li caught, the sweet melody of that most powerful of musical instruments, which sounded like the smashing of ten mil lion's of shingles, supplemented with a cliiv ivrari of tin pans, the old warrior's stern features relaxed, and, turning his eyes sky ward, he twisted his pigtan three times about his neck, arid clasping his hands in ecstasy, he softly murmured to himself, "Oh, great Father of the Sun, who only getteth his life, from Thee, First Cousin to the Moon arid Graiul- uncle to the Seven Stars ; oh, Roynl Pug-Mug of the '.177 Degree, why art thou not" here to enjoy this magnificent tintin nabulation. Great Confucius, I thank thee.. Valhalla is not far off when melody like-this delights the ear." While the band was play ing the Chinese National air, "Yam Sung Foo Li," the Prince appeared to be greatly delighted with the brass drum and .cymbals. Every time the cymbals crashed ho shouted. "Hi! belly good I More 1 more! more !*' We have been doing the square thing by our Chinese cousin : his rooms at the Waldorf, and those of his suite, are costing us live ' hundred dollars a day, arid this does not in clude their "Yam Yam" nor "TorigSee." ' It would be entirely useless for me to attempt to tell the story of his reception.and entert;unment since he landed in New Yoi'k. No such distinction was ever shown by the United Suites before to-the. representative of any foreign Government: A troop of eavalry escorts him wherever he goes, -an honor not even accorded to our ov.n' President. Great things are expected from Li Hung Chang's visit. It may mean the dawn of a -new civilisation lor China. I£ so, with it will come orders for hundreds' of liiillioiis of dollars' woith of'.steamships, railroads, tele graphs, army and navy supplies, agricultural implements, and the million and one things necessary to build up a newer and greater civilisation for the most-populous nation 011 the face of the globe. Politics are at fever heat. It seems as if the ecstasy of madness had seized the Boy Eloquent from the Platte. He has secured the Populistic indorsement, and now he reaches out for Anarchistic support. At the Steuben County Fair, on Friday, he . "They call us Anarchists, and I come among you the greatest Anarchist- of them all! " Will this win ( Can it win > Are the people of the United States ready to place the greatest Anarchist of them all in the chair Washington and Grant honored and fought for, and that Lincoln died forI'll not believe it. [The cable has since informed us that the chair has not been dishonored by the occupancy of a Bryan, the election having given M'Kinley a large : majority. for the Presidentship of America.] Yours truly, " ' ' .BROADMU3I. 