AROUND THE CAMP F1RE. AUSTRALIAN BUSH YARNS. [WRITTEN FOR "TRUTH."] (BY HUGH VERNON.) 'Now then, Bendy, d--- yer, why don't yer put on that other log?' 'Yes, that's right, Syd; rouse on him, make him know he's got to do his share.' Bendy (who had just finished cleaning an apology for a pipe) looked up quite un- concerned, and replied, 'Go and get -----' The end of the sentence was lost in the harmful and undoubtedly soothing laughter that usually compensates the pent-up feeling of the swaggy. 'You know, you sons of guns,' con- tinued Bendy, 'that it's me that's been doing it all; didn't I light the fire for dinner, when Bill nearly upset the billy in lighting that bit of a butt he's got, yer crossbred yahoos?' The reader who does not understand the phraseology of the Australian swagman, would possibly blame Bendy for encroach- ing on the bounds of friendship; but let it be assured that he's not. No, not in the least; just the reverse, in fact, for such names are accepted as words of endear- ment among that fraternity. No Austra- lian bushman would take umbrage at the somewhat blackguardly names he is often called by any of his mates, when they are said in a bantering tone. 'Bendy ' is a rather peculiar Christian appellation, but appropriate to this charac- ter, inasmuch as it is an abbreviation of Bendigo, tho city of deep leads and golden gullies. 'Well,' says Bendy—after he had adjusted the log to the benefit of all. 'Are you satisfied now, for that's all you'll get out of me to-night, so you can just make yourself contented on that point,' and then he threw himself down on the grass to enjoy his smoke in comfort. The scene is somewhat worthy of description, for even in the cities of Australia there are many who know not the habits and customs of the itinerant bushman. In swamp to-day, through scrub to-morrow, across the plain, over the Downs, and so on until night comes, the longed-for rest that is honestly earned; for, carrying a swag from ten to forty miles a day (probably as many pounds), with the necessary billy in your hand, is worth undoubtedly at least a full laborer's wage. But to my narrative. The fire, driven by a slight breeze, has caught the dry box- log, and echoes its sentiments with many a bang as the sparks fly here and there, telling perhaps how some lizard, spider, or snake may have been driven from their home; and as the flames throw a light- ness around the scene the gaunt dim shadows of the trees respond to the reality of the picture. 'Look here,' says Bill, pointing at his mates with his pipe 'We'll ask Johnny Cake (a nice name for one of the Queen- land station-managers) for a job to- morrow, and if he does not give it to all of us, he might give to one, and then who ever gets it will be able to draw in a few days to help the others along. The Other chaps can camp on the creek, just the same as we did at Cabrawonga. I never told you chaps about that shed, did I?' 'No, no,' remarked the other two syn- chronously. 'Well, it was about as funny a thing as I've struck. Talk about the Yanks—Why, for a bit of bounce, it licks creation. There were five of us started from Deparea, and by the holy smoke it was a track! There was only one station on the road, and not being shearing time, we couldn't be sure of getting a bite. Well, on we goes; only too glad to get away from the grog, for we were stiff, and Fatty Driscoll he says that it's time we straightened up. Anyhow, we gets along the road, suffering the recovery, looking for every waterhole. We does poor stages for a bit, till the snakejuice gets out of us, and we cottons more to our panum—and so help me ten men and a dog, we ain't got any! Before we gets to the next town we've got to go ten miles; it's nearly night, and we comes to this station, and, bli-me, what d'er think we sees on the gate? 'Poison Laid,' remarked Syd. 'Poison be damned,' says Bendy. 'Some- thing about no Work, I'll bet.' 'No. So help me, chaps, a notice—a placard on the post right alongside the gate, and it said:— "NO RATIONS GIVEN."* Well, we're all hungry, so we makes it up that Yorkie was to go and cadge, as he had the biggest cheek or front, so we trust him; and he comes back in a few hours with a full supply of rations, and how he got them; well I should smile, anyhow I'll give yer his words. 'When I gets up to the station,' says Yorkie, 'there's a woman on the verandah and I says, 'Missus, is the boss in?' She looks at me as if I was an eight-legged kangaroo, and says, 'No, he ain't. What do yer want?' 'Any chance cf a job then, Missus?' I says. 'No; we're not shearing,' and she gives ma a look for luck that would kill a dingo. 'Well,' says I, 'can I get a bit of rations?' 'Did'nt you read that notice on the gate?' she yelps back. 'No, mum; I can't read,' I replied. 'Well,' she says, 'there's no rations given to travellers,' and turns up her nose and walks away. I see she is a hard case, so I says, 'Oh, never mind, missus; I'll catch some fish,' and I goes to the well I sees alongside of the kitchen, and pulls out a fishing line out of my swag and drops it down the trap-door. The missus sees me, and yells out quite horrified like, 'There's no fish there my man.' But I tell her that George Washington and Mr Gladstone says there was, so there must be; and I starts jerking the line up and down. The cook, who is also a woman, arrives on the scene, and keeps staring as I continue jerking away, and, thinking I'm mad, goes and joins the missus on the verandah. I 'That's my game, they think I'm mad, and I backs it up up by keeping on jerking and now and again singing out, 'Ooh, that was a beauty. That's a big 'un.' That frightens them altogether. They clears into the house, anxious for the Boss to come home—so am I. At last I hears a cracks of the whip up about the stock- yard. That's him, I'll bet, I says to myself. And so it was, for, after yarding a beast be comes down to the house; and then I can hear a lot of loud talking from the women. They're talking of me, say's I, inwardly, and I'll bet they call me the lunatic. Anyhow he comes along. I can hear him behind me, but I don't turn round; not me, I give the line another jerk and say, 'Ooh, you beauty.' Just then he taps me on the shoulder and says— 'Hey, my man, what are you doing there?' 'Why, catching fish,' I says. 'Fish! Blank it all, my man, you'll get no fish there.' 'Oh yes I will,' I replies, 'But you won't,' says he, stamping his foot, 'Well, blankerty blank it Boss,' says I, jumping suddenly to my feet and looking him face to face, 'I'll catch fish a blanky sight sooner in this here well than I'll get rations on this station.' I don't know whether the old cuss wanted to get rid of me, or was tickled with the joke; anyhow, he laughs like the deuce, and says, 'Come along, I'll give you some,' and 'so-help-me,' chaps, he filled my bags right full, and as I left that store, I had a smile on me that would have done justice to a pair of open shears. 'Not too slow,' says Sid. 'Dam good plan,' says Bendy. 'Yes,' continued Bill, 'for it lasted us till we got to Wuggeree. Wuggeree was a good shed, but a ------- of a boss on the board. He was a new chum at bossing, and didn't know how to use his men, and through that he got himself the run—the manager knew he was a bit inexperienced, and that helped our plan to have him removed. One of the shearers was a hard case—Scandalous Jack they called him, because he was such a scandalous devil. Well, Scandalous Jack was shearing very rough, and my bumptious gentleman tells him to 'shear a bit closer.' 'Oh, go to ----,' says Scandalous, and keeps on at the same old cut. This nettles big nibs, and he goes round to the pen at the back, and ties up one of Scandalous's worst shorn sheep, and when the dinner bell rings, lets the rest go with the other shorn sheep that have been tallied. Then he makes tracks for the manager, up to the homestead, a good two miles off. While he's away, Scandalous catches another sheep and shears him tip-top, real coosh, and ties him up in the place of the other beggar, which he lets go. Back comes our boss with the manager, and as he approaches the shed we can hear him say- ing, 'He's the worst shorn sheep I ever saw, sir; it is ready disgraceful,' etc., etc. Well, when the boss gets up to the shed, he goes up to the sheep, and to his surprise he sees the blooming monkey (sheep are often called monkeys by station hands) shorn tip-top. "Bless my soul, Mr Nettle- ton," he says, "it's as good a piece of work as I've seen. Damn it, sir, you didn't bring me all the way from home for this, did you?"' Poor Nettleton, he didn't know what to say, he was completely knocked in. So be stammers and stutters a bit, but he couldn't convince the manager, and next day we had a new 'boss of the board.' 'Blanky good lie,' says Bendy, although at the same time he knew it to be the truth. 'Lie!' said Syd. 'Pooh! I can tell yer something what happened to me in Syd- ney that'll make the salt junk curdle in yer innards. Here, Bendy, stir them logs, and pass over that billy of tea. I ain't going to yelp here without wetting my whistle now and again.' 'Well, give it lip, anyhow,' says Bill, 'and not so much guyver about it.' Bendy, as he was instructed, put the fire together, and a fresh glow illuminates the scene. 'About three years ago,' commenced Syd, 'I went down to Sydney with what is called a cheque, though, to tell the truth, as you know, the cheque is always cashed before you start; anyway I had a good bit of money. I stopped at a board- ing-house, and was as comfortable as I could wish to be. There was about twenty other boarders stopping at the same house —nearly all country chaps, from different parts of the colonies, on a visit, like I was myself. I had a chap in my room with me who was a queer cuss. He was all fads and fancies. He'd travelled all over the world, and used to pitch some pretty tall yarns, I tell yer. He told me once he'd been snapped by an alligator, and man- aged to get away by gouging the crea- ture's eyes out; and on another occasion, how he'd killed three savages by taking off his boot and hitting them on the head with it when they came up to kill him. And, as for ghost yarns—well, I give in —he was a fair cow! He'd preach ghost yarns from morn till night, and would insist on having the window open every night, as he reckoned he was a 'Peosopist,' or something like that, and that the spirits couldn't get in and out. My troubles. I was used to sleeping in the open-air, so it suited us both—both Ajax, for that's what we called him, and myself. One evening coming home to tea I found the house all stir, all bustle, and without inquiry, for I was no sooner in the door than I was informed that Ajax had had a fall, causing concussion of the brain, and 'might die at any minute.' Well I was a bit sorry, although I did not know the chap, for, if he did lie, at any rate he kept us amused, and did no one any harm. We had finished tea, and I was told the landlord wanted to see me; he was up with the sick man. I went up to the bed- room and knocked, he came out and says 'Sid, he's gone, go down to the cottage will you and see if there's the bed made up in that end room?' 'Yes, I says 'of course,' and goes. Being winter time the night is dark, and I may tell you the cottage is a separate building at the far end of the yard. I bowls into the cottage, down the pas- sage (which is all in darkness) and opens the door of the little room and enters, search- ing in my pocket for a match, when I looks up, and bly me, right straight in front of me is two great balls of fire, two blanky eyes of phosphorous looking, aye, not ten feet off me in the dark, and I can't find a match. I think of A]ax and his ghosts, his spirits, and him just dead. The cold sweat rolls off my face, my hair stands on end, my knees knock together, and in the darkness I make one quick grab for the door; horror! my hand hits the back of it and it closes with a bang. Like a desperate man, finding my last hope of escape cut off (for the knob of the door had fallen in the passage outside) I approached this terrible object, but scarcely had I taken a step to- wards it, than the eyes met mine, and I was hit on the chest, like a blow from a man, enough to knock one down. And you can bet your boots I fell, and so would you, for I believe I lost three years of my life over that same shock, and, spare my days, you couldn't kid me to go through the same again for fifty quid. 'What the devil was it?' says Bendy. 'Someone playing a lark,' says Bill. 'No chaps;' continued Syd, 'a real live Tom-cat that didn't belong to the place. Anyhow, for two minutes that night Syd Molloy was in the full pre- sence of the Devil.' 'Oh, well, goodnight!' 'Goodnight!' 'Goodnight!' And three Australians once more pass a night in sky-parlor. 