Juan's Slayer. An awful crime had been committed at Ortiz. The wealthy Juan Perea, he whom everybody liked, had been found dead at his own door. Where was the murderer, and who could he be that would kill such a good old mau, and rob him, too ? That was the worst of it. There was no clue by which they could work, and the officers who came up from Guaytnas went home again at the end of a week, weary of their useless task. The good padre, who buried the murdered man out in toe desolate graveyard of saud and cactus, tirhprA fho fitm was an hnf. if rrflfifeftd fl.il the wonddn crosses, said a prayer that the villain might be brought to justice. But he had little hope that he would be. ' He has disappeared so completely toe devil must be protecting him,' Baid the old women, as they filed out through a broken space in the crumbling wall that did duty &b; a gate. 'Poor old Juan is dead, and he who murdered him is enjoying the blood-stained gold he took from bis pockets,' is what they thought as they slowly walked home after the laBt sad words had been said. They passed the house where the dead man had lived for so many years, and shuddered when they saw the dark spot on -toe ground — stained with the blood of Juan that flowed from the ghastly knife-wound in his back. \- Far away from Ortiz, in a beautiful village of the Sierra Mature, a young man had been trying for weots to forget sometmng — trying to convince Him self that he had not committed a great crime. He had plenty of gold and the love of a beautiful maiden if he could only forget — yes, forget that he had killed his father. -He could forget it if it wob not for that strange whirring sound like the flapping of wings that constantly haunted him. He first heard it just as he struck the fatal blow, and since then it has never ceased day or night. What was that ? Surely not the wind. And, if it was not, why should Leonard Perea be afraid of a sound— he who had faced wild beasts and fought Indians ? But he turned over in bed and polled the clothes over his head to keep away the sound — that awful sound that first whirred like a flock of pigeons and then died away like an infant's wail. ' I'm sure it has nothing to do with the killing of the old man,' said Leonard to hi&self;, but some how toe whole scene would come up before him. Again he was riding along toe road to see toe father he had deserted years ago. He was not going be cause he wanted to see toe good old man, but because he wanted money. Money he must have at any cost. It was long past midnight when he knocked at the door and his father came out to greet him, Leonard remembers distinctly, and whenhe asked for money took opt a bag and gave him a good quantity of gold. Butitwasnot enough— he most have it all. It was such an easy thing to do. Only a thrust with the knife as the old mau turnied to go into the house after bidding him farewell, and toe gold was his. But what was that whirring sound ? The village was in darkness, hut it followed him as he sped down the street to his horse, and kept near him as he flew over too country, farther and farther away frozh his crime. No, he never got away from it. The sound was always with him. Ugh ! There it was again, and Leonard pulled toe blankets over his head. . Morning came but the whirring sound came with it. At night it was nearer than in toe day-time, but it never ceased. ' I won't pay any attention to it to-day,' said Leonard to himBelf af he went for his breakfast. 'Iam sure it is nothing and has nothing to do with me.' . It was a beautiful day, and toe sun had nearly reached the zenith. Leonard threw himself down on the ground in the shade of a tree to get a little sleep that he had been deprived of in toe night, but had scarcely closed his eyes — ' Whir— flap, flap— whir.' 'Ugh.', ' Btoir. Flap.' Leonard felt a cold breeze fan his cheek as he jumped to his feet, but there was nothing near him. He was alone. By night Leonard's brain was in a whirl. The sound was everywhere. Surely it was his father's , ghost. Angels had wings, and the old^ man's spirit must be passing through toe room. * , ' Let me out of this. I don't want the gold,' and Leonard flung the yellow bag of coin out of the window. Over the hills and mountains he sped, he knew not where. But toe sound was with bun. Again he was in toe street before his father's house. Oh, if the old man were only alive, he could surely prevent the terrible sound ! Somebody was coming, bat Leonard hid in a shadow until they passed. ' Anyhow, they don't know I did it,' ne thought. ' Whir, whir— flap, flap.' This time it was closer than it had been before. Surely that was a dark form flying through toe airl ' Pm not a bit frightened,' toe murderer thought, trembling in every limb. The dark form in the air drew nearer and nearer, and the flapping, whirring sound was fast and furious. ' ' Keep away, fiends ! ' yriled' Leonard, and he thought he saw a dark, wicked form, with^cloven foot and spiked tail. He covered his face with his hands and screamed in agony. The dark form came nearer, ' Mercy, mercy 1 ' he howled ' Awful forms of darknesB, keep away ! It was not I who killed him ! ' The flapping and whirring were close to him, and Leonard -coulA see a pair of dark wings spread as if to enfold him. He struck out with his hand and struggled wildly, hut the wings came closer and closer. He felt claws scratching his face and heard Wings beating (he air. Surely toe devil hat^ him. A pain shot through his eyes, everything grew' black, and it seemed as if the flames of hell were seething round him. He ceased struggling, and lay still in death. The next morning the people of Ortiz found him lying in the same spot where his father s dead body had been discovered. The people were almost crazy with fear. The old padre snook his head and crossed himself. It was while they were carrying the body into the house that old Manual noticed poor Julian's pet black eagle, that had been missing since he was killed, sitting on a wau near by. His feathers were torn and ragged, and he seemed interested in what was going on. But of course the eagle had nothing to do with the death of Leonard — at least that is what the padre said. — San Franciseo Call . 