[?] [?] W Six (Qui UR' A N Australian Elevon without Tumor ! "- Good Heavens ! Does George Giffon iraagino that he can bow alongside of tho Terror in England ? When I got hold of my paper on "Wednes day morning and eagerly scanned tho names of tho 1898 Australian Eleven my astonishment know no bouuds. I was not unpreparod for tho inclusion of Trumblo and Johns. I had a very shrowd idea that William Bruce was doad shook upon having theso two in tho toam, and that he was also a strong barracker for Charlie M'Leod. With eucIi a brainy and tena cious gentleman opposed to Kelly as against Johns, I folt that Johns was pretty sure to carry tho day, though i also folt pretty sure'that Kelly was the better man. But all this did not astonish mo. What really took my breath away was Charlie Turner's omissiou. lean scarcely believe it even now. I'm sorry for tho judg ment of tho two selectors who were respon sible therefor. An Australian Eleven with out Turner in England is minus absolutely the best Australian player. George Giffon is a great crickotor, but in England upon English wickels Turnor is a far hotter man for his side. The general public almost to a man condemn the selection. Crickotors are unanimous, both Victorian and N.S. Wales, in tho opinion that tho Sydney crock should have boon tho first bowler picked. The Australasian Cricket Council liaa done nothing in tho past to warrant n con tinuation of its existence, but it now has an excellent opportunity of Bliowing tho Australian public that it is not altogether a figure-head. The Council should iusisb upon Turner's inclusion, merely that and nothing more. If it does so the great Australian public will be with it to a man, and cricketers on all sides will applaud its wisdom. » Taking tho toam all round it is strong on paper, but there is not a really good captain iu it. Georgo Giffon will be captain in action, if lie really be not captain in name — but, bless you, George is about the worst baud at captain among iirst-clnss players in tho colonies. Under these circumstances I shudder in contem plating what may happen against tho English cracks. If Harry Trott would only put ln's font down and stamp tho soal of authority firmly upon the men, he'd liiako a good skipper, bub I don't think tho South Molbournito is made of tho stuff that puts its foot down sternly. He is a bit too soft; too' easy going. Tlioro are eight mon who liavo never boon to England in the team, and they aro good or.03, too. Irodale is tho soundest and best batsman in New South Wales, and Dounan isuot far behind him. Darling will bo an acquisition 011 bad wickets. Eady I expect to turn out a big success, and I think Harry, though lie goes homo a3 second wicket-keeper, will como back tho first — ho is a bottor wicket-keeper than Johns, and a far tougher man all round. Tlioro is talk of a match coming on betweon the Australian Eleven and tho rost of Australia. If it sliould bo arranged — and I boliovo that efforts in that direction will bo mado— it will be about the most attractive match ovor played in Sydney, if not iu Australia. It would simply be sensational. Tho public aro wrathful about the selection of the team — nob that it is not powerful, but that it could and should ho moro powerful — aud if tiio best olovon from tho remaining Australians wore pitted against them, I lionoBtly beliove the Sydney Cricket Ground would not bo capablo of holding tho pooplo desirous of seeing tho game. Tho following team woald give tbo Ans- tralians as hard a battle as they could possibly desire — as hard a job as moat English elevens would : — AUSTHALIAN II. M'Donnkll Tbott Ltonb Grluah Bannkrhan Donnan Bruce Urkuory Hill Irkdals Mackenzie Givfbn Trott. A. e. Darlino CoNINQHAM eadt Turner M'Kibbin Howell Trumblk Kkllt or Jarvib Johns Walters Jones C. M'Leod . . Harry I'd liko to see the match fixed np.. By Jovo ! there'd bo very littlo in it. I'm not so sure that the little wonld bo in favor of the Australian Eleven to figure in the old world as " our champions." In view of Charlio Tumor's omission from the team for England, you will find the bowling averages of the 1833 Aus tralian Eleven good roading. You will also probably find tho averages of Australian bowlers in the test matelio3 against Stod- dart'a team good reading. You will also probably come to tho conclusion that Georgo Giffon, despito his elevated position in tho oyes of the Australian public, docs not como within coooe of Turner ub a bowler. You will also agree with such an astute judgo of tho game as Arthur E. Stoddart that Turner is tho greatest living Australian bowler on English wickets. You will also agroe that it is just possible the Australians, minus Turner, with a Czar-liko Giffon captain, will got lickod pretty often in tho old country. Tho averages : — Australians in 1893. ». x. a. w. At. Turner 6525 37 2124 149 34.25 Trumblo 4316 ' 229 2005 120 16.7 Couroghiun ... 1201 78 501 31 18.07 Uiffeu 5176 295 2580 142 1 8.16 Trott ' 1900 85 1141 CO 19 Bruco 1528 83 770 34 22.64 M'Leod 2751 211 1132 . 46 24:6 Lyons 145 6 94 2 47 Tho bowling averages in the Stoddart toBt matches, like those of the 1893 team, show Georgo Giffeu's infinite inferiority to Turner. Perhaps George and William Bruco forget them ; I know that old Tom Garrett is not such a fool. Stoddart Test Matches. n. x. tt. w. Av. Callaway 201 4 56 5 11.20 Turner 1123 76 319 18 19-38 A. K. Trott ... 574 17 192 9 21.33 Giffeu 2120 111 820 34 24.11 H. Trott 617 17 296 13 "24.66 Trumblo 205 10 87 3 29 11 nice 72 2 S8 1 38 Uoningliam ... 1E6 9 73 2 33 C. 11' Lood .. 264 9 92 2 46 Tones 228 7 103 2 51 M'Kibbin ... ,258 8 120 2 00 It might tend to further illustrate tho undoubted veracity of the statement that Turner even on Australian wickets is a better bowler than George Giffen (wlio is said to bo tho Australian champion under such conditions) if I quoto last year's ' averages in all lirst-class matches. Australian Averaoes Last Season. o. x. b. w. Av. M'Kibbin ... 236 4 9 731 44 16.85 11\. Trott 249 89 806 41 10.65 Turner 481 131 912 44 20.72 11\. M'Leod ... 1 10 44 243 17 20.10 A. 14. Trott ... 313 89 773 ' 35 22.08 Callaway 253 78 53L 24 22.12 Howell 217 , 63 498 22 22.63 Giffen 809 196 2097 92 22.79 Trnmblu 93 2 1 277 10 27.70 C. M'Leod ... 364 101 66G 23 28.95 Jouoa 243 49 783 16 48.93 Harry 19 9 53 0 Turner's omission from tho Australian Eleven bolsters up an opinion held by the general public that there is no worse judge of tho game than tho average player. Qa is to prejudiced. Tbo spectators at tho Intercolonial on Wednesday woro fairly sold over the dis missal of Iredalo. They thought he was given out stumped, and being under tho impression that ho was not genuinely out, proceeded to jcor good old bronzed Jim Phillips. They kept it up for a con siderable time to tho amusement of paviliouitos and players; No ono on- joyed it mora than old Jim liim- solf, who was bursting his sides trying to suppress his merrimont at Jack Toolier's discomfiture. Jnek had correctly given Noss out caught at tho wickets, but lio thought tho crowd woro jollying Jim. Tho crowd reckons itsolf protty smart, but it foil in this timo. Fairly sold. Charlio Tumor's batting on Wodnesday was the sensation of tho match. Thoro wero three successive blobs ou the board as ho went out. Ho looked determined, his teeth- wero cleuched, and how did ho spank ! Tho first ball from Harry ho hit to square-leg for four. The second ho hit clean ovor tho fonco and tho canvas-roofed seats into the tennis courts for 5. Thonho cut Trumblo to tho pavilion and bit him to long-on each for 4, 17 in four bits. Hooray, shoutod the crowd. Then ho spankod Harry for a couplo, and lifted him up to a terrific height in the ladies reserve. Graham planted his back against tho fence and waitod for tho ball. He got but didn't hold it — four moro. Turner playod the next ball hard to Trott at point, and then lifted Harry clean to long-on, the ball lodging on the balcony of tho pavilion. Tho people Btood up and roared liko tlio roar of artillory. They cheerod wildly. Two 5's, four A's, and 30 up in 12 minutes. No wondor Turnor was applauded. Bob M'Leod, howovor, got him ont first ball. Turnor suickod it on to the wickot-keopcr's pad and it then bouuded into the slips, Trumblo getting an easy catch. Harry Donnan snicked a ball a foot out side tho wickot on to his stumps on Wed nesday. If Frank Walters had been modoratoly fast botwoon wickots, Mackenzie must have got his oontnry. Thore was an oasy run in tho stroke before that which was fatal. Clem Hill has catiRe for disappointment at not being iu the Australian Team, bnt Jack Lyons lias much greator causo for dissatisfaction at being overlooked. Jack'3 run-getting against Stoddart's toam was not marvellous, but it was not bad, viz., 29, 32, 1, 25, 2, 11, 55, 15. 6, aud 32. Tho victory of Victoria on Thursday afternoon was splendidly oarned at the finish. With six wickots down for 135, and 09 runs still wauted, tho odds wero on Now South Wales, but capital and vigorous batting by Lavnr aud Harry won the day. Ttio winning of the toss just about won tho ganio for tho visitors, who had a beau tiful wickot to bat upon in oach innings. Still, we'ro not going to rako this up as an oxcuse for tho drubbing. The game should liavo been won by' Now South Wales, hut the failure of three batsmen like Garrett, Richardson and Kelly on Wednesday knocked them out. Kelly got out off a good, hard pull, bnt Garrett and Richardson wero clean bowled. The Victorian toam right through proved a sound batting com bination. Their last live men aro stronger than our last live, but our first six make a hotter mixturo than theirs. Donnan, Mackenzie, lredale, Gregory, Walters and Garrett are worth more runs than G. M'Leod, Bruce, H. Trott, Graham, A. Trott and Laver, but Harry, Donahoo, Trumblo, , R. M'Lood and Johns ou form in the game , are a bettor combination oE rnn-getters ' than Richardson, Keliy, Turnor, Howell and M'Kibbin, though I feel sure that Richardsou is a bettor bat than any of those named as tho last five Victorians. Domain has an aver.igo of 09, Walters CO, Mackenzie 4-1, Garrett 37, Irodale 35, aud Kelly 29 in lutarcolonials this year. Charlio Turnor got out iu tho sam s re markable manner iu each innings against Victoria, off tho same bowler, caught by tho samo field, aud his was tho only wicket secured by tho bowlor in oach innings. In tho first innings he snicked a ball from Bob M'Lood on tho log side. It struck Johns' pad and wont up at fine leg. Trumblo ran neroBS aud caught it. In tho second innings he tsuickud otic from Bob M'Leod on the off-side, and it struck Johns' pad and then bounded to Trumble iu tho slips. A strange coincidence ! The greatest ovation uccordod anyone during the Intercolonial match was that given Jim Kelly as he cauto in at the finish of the game. Tho members rose up and gavo him throo times throe, thereby displaying thoir very high appreciation of his .splendid wicket- keeping. He snagged throe of the six wickets which fell, anil on tho whole took wickets in grand style. Kelly, liko Harry Donnan aud Irodale iu other years, has to wait for his trip to England. Tho two crack New South Walos butsinon have liad to wait a few yuars for the 1898 trip — although they had earned it before. As nsual Sid Gregory throw his innings away ngainst Victoria. Pntionce with him would be moro thnn a v.irtua. mm Of all Anstralian Elevon aspirants the most disappointed is A. E. Trott. Vic toria made too much of liim last year. Toung Trott, howover, will yet bo a great batsman ; he'll, never bo a great bowler. In the New South Wales first inning3 he had a bundle to carry iu the shape of tho oyos of tbo Australian Eleven selectors, but iu the second innings ho shaped woll. Harry's ground fielding was far the finost in tho match. Victoria's ground fielding was a long way hotter than that of How South Walos. Their catching, too, was surer, Graham alone dropping ono. Howell, M'Kibbin, and Richardson oach failod to hold a chanco. Irodalo was tho safest ground fiold for Now South Walos ; Richardson next. mm Tlioro is some talk of Albert Trott going to England and taking up his rosidenco thoro. Jim Phillips advises him toinigrato — thore ia not sufficient scope for his talont iu tho colonies. » Harry Donnan has at last got into an Australian Eleven. He'd have boon 'omo long ago were it not that they said ho had " ' — a tompor. Harry still has tho temper, but it is now a good one. By-tho-way, he smiled on Wednesday morning. And why should ho not P Tom M'Kibbin could hardly believe that ho was picked for England — Albert Trott could hardly beliove that lio wasn't picked for England. Differonb sensations. Jarvis is the bost wieket-keoper in Aus- tralia.and Kelly isnext. Johns is notas good with tho gloves as Harry, who shonld not play second fiddlo to him in England. Johns is a solicitor, and so is Bruce. So ia Charlio Eady. How these lawyers love one another. Sid Gregory all through tho Victo'rion match was off color in tho field. Ho was probably nuver scon at such conspicuous disadvantage — ho fumbled thrco out of ovory four balls. 0 Aliek Mackenzie was also off color in the field. He had to take ovcry position except v.-ickot-koepor aud point, so hi« fumbling was not inexcusable. If Mac kenzie had a trip to England he'd come back a great cricketer. At present he is a first-class player. Despito Willio Richardson's miming of Donalico, he did tho host fioldiug for New South Wales. Ho snapped up four caichcs in tho slips, all of which wore very fine. Tho ono that sont Charlio M'Lood back iu the second innings wa3 magnificent — equal to anything of the kind over scon oa the ground. M'Kibbin's dismissal of Bruco iu tho slips was a lovely catoli. Ho also caught , Trott neatly in the first innings — but that inisB of 1 Larry's marred his otherwise fine fielding. "When Lavnr and llarr.- , partners on Thursday afternoon V- required 69 runs to win with four v. i,: . r-> fall. And they won by four wicket-;. and Harry both batted gran-' king M'Kibbiu about very rough' has a good head ou his slionld I think in .England ho will prove . > a greater bntsiuau than many who liavo gone to England solely as batsuiou, I have an idea that though Gregory is very brilliant he will not be a bit more serviceable in tho field than Harry1. Johtmio Ferris has settled down in Adelaide. The Norwoods have got him a billet. Tonimie Felix i3 very wroth about Albert Edwin Trott's omission. The same Toramie says .he supposes 'that Turner's omission is duo to the fact that Tumor's finger isn't strong enough to stand au English- tour.- TumeFs finger ! Why the fingor is as strong as it over' was. » » '.I'ho Glebu v East Sydney to-day ought I n draw another big crowd. Tiio Crickot Association will hold a mooting ou Tuesday afternoon to elect an Australasian crickot councillor in place of Jack Tortus, resigned. Jack Harry says that Kolly sliould Iiave been picked in preference to Johns. Jack knows woll enough that it is no child's . play taking wickots in England. Adelaide Quiz says that somo of tho friends oE Jack Lyons think lie can inako more money mi the "Corner" than by going to England with the Australian Eleven, and that if tho " boom" in March is to be the big thing represented the chances are that Jack would bo oa tho high tray to fortune iu twelve months. Hughio Trumblo ia a lucky man to be picked for England. His Australian per- forwauce3 are very poor alongside those of many emitted ones. If England wero playing Australia next week Trumblo would not liavo the ghost of a chanco of losing picked, nor would Johns. m Tho Villagers Boom fated to fall before the fire of tho Shoremen's second string. As thoy opposed, the elevation cf North Sydnoy to tho first grade, a defeat from the seconds of tho latter will not bo Loo pleasant. The Villagers, however, aro a nice lot of fellows, so it doesn't matter; they can take a drubbing. m m The "Waverloy Bcoa aro endeavoring to demonstrate that their victory ngainst Leiclihardt was a mere powder puff — thoy are going down to thu Burweod B.ies, who have not yet won a match. Good ohl Bur- wooil ! » " Reading your cricket cruuib3 is a favorite pastimoof mine (writes Mr. French, watchmaker, of Brickfield Hill). You moutionod in ono of your para to-day (Saturday), that your watch has the uioin- spriug broken thi3 throe months. If you Bond the watch to us we shall bo delighted to put it iu repair (good going order) froe of charge." Uufortuuatoly that very morning I left it with another watchmaker to bo repaired. I showed tho letter to a couplo of our bLtJF, and each wanted mo to send tho oflico boy off with his watch. Ono of those was a caso minus works, and tho other a brokou-down Watorbury. But I'm houo3t. Thanks, vory much, Mr. French, for your kindness. AU Cauo-liandle Bats 7a 6d. Shaw aud Shrews bury. Lillywhito, Bartlott, Corbott, Ac. Import prices. Micg Simmons, Haym'k't, Oxl'd, Geo-ata.' 