The Upper House Election To the Editor. Sir,—I have read with mingled awe and pleasure the electoral address of Mr. L. C. Goodrich which appears in your advertising columns. I am charmed to learn < hat Mr. Goodrich is a " staunch Conservative." For a gentleman of his stamp to announce himself as a Radical or Progressist would have been a calamity too awful for words, and have causcd me, at least, to forswear my allegiance to the party with which I am allied. It is gratifying to hear, also, that Mr Goodrich is sound in regard to Imperial politics. When Mr. Chamberlain wishes to consult our Legislative Council on African or Venezuelan affairs, he will know that he can do so with safety when Mr. Goodrich occupies a seat, in that august assemblage. I earnestly hope that the tenor of Mr. Goodrich's address has been cabled home, as it would doubtless serve to allay the feeling of mistrust with which the "splendid isolation " of Great Britain is regarded by certain pessimistic politicians, and would give the Kaiser, M. Hanotaux, and Presidents Cleveland and Kruger, a much needed check. It must be unspeakably comforting to the Anglo-Saxon race all over the world to know that with the advice of the Legislative Council of Western Australia, and the aid of the York Infantry, Great Britain may with impunity set the world at defiance. It is also a gratifying proof of the increasing importance of W.A. that her Legislative Council candidates should anticipate being called into counsel on matters of Imperial moment. In domestic politics Mr Goodrich is progressi c. Good : although Mr. Goodrich does not r explain which way he purposes to progress. Forward, it cannot be; is it then slantwise, after the manner of a crab, or backwards, like to a jibbing mule? The candidate's vast experience of Westralian afi.iii.s will, as he says, be of great use to hint, but I .am not the less astonished at his condescending to mention it. To r person of Mr. Goodrich's superhuman acumen, a " residence of upwards of three mtnutcx " should be quite sufficient to grasp the whole of our political, social, and financial problems, Mr. Goodrich is in favor of new railways, which is quite a new departure for a Parliamentary candidate, and indicates vast originality and profundity of thought. His opposition to payment of members will be of great service to the community, a?, if Mr. Goodrich is returned, he will be a shining example of the class of legislators we are likely to get without payment of members. I can understand iMr. Goodrich's aversion to payment of members. An article for which you give nothing, you generally regard as worth nothing, and if people paid their members they doubtless would expect to get value for their money. Besides, the title of "The Hon. Lawrence C. Goodrich, M.L.C., M .A., F.U.G.S." would look xo Kwcct on a prospectus, and would charm the ducats out of the very ghost of Shylock. "The urgent need of a water supply" is another original plank in the platform. May the Lord make us truly thankful that the whiskey supply is assured ! It is " impossible to canvass the whole electorate." What a sad and serious misfortune for the whole electorate ! What will the farmers of Northam and Newcastle do now, poor things, now there is no Goodrich to kiss their babies, and conciliate their wivesLet us hope that the fact that we are to be personally canvassed by the Great and Good Goodrich will not make us unduly inclined to crow oyer our less fortunate neighbors. Meanwhile, we await with breathlessanxiety, the Address (with a big A, please) with which the new Pater Pat tin is to favor us ; and let us be well fortified against the date, that we be not overcome by the unexampled brilliance of oratory, the polished diction, the golden phrases, and the moving periods, likely to tlow from that tongue of silver and cheek of—well, bell-metal. The originality of the whole tone of the Address is what captures and enchains my most profound admiration. It is true that I have some dim recollection of the words '• glorious heritage," greatest good of the greatest number," " liberty of the subject," etc. having been uttered in my hearing before, but that must have been in some former state of existence, upon some happier planet than this. Now thai these words have been uttered for the first time on earth by the inspired and blessed apostle, Lawrence (St. Lawrence it should be, judging by the roasting yet to come), I am sure that the regeneration of the human race is at hand. I am pleased to see that Mr. Goodrich is going to fight for the title of "Honorable." There is an old story which, though not in the least apropos I will give here. A Frenchmen and a Swiss were once disputing as to the relative merits of their countrymen "My compatriots" 6aid the Gaul loftily, <• tight only for honor; yours fight for money." " True" said the Helvetian, " everyone fights for what he needs most." Yours emphatically, F. C. B. VOSPEH. 