S f r ITEMS OP NHWS. 'i The Orient Company's Royal mail : steamer Orotava, ' with the English mails to April 24, has arrived at Albany. The mails may be expected in Molbourne on Wednesday. His Excellency the Governor will hold a , ' levee at Government House to day at 11 a.m. Gentlemen attending the ' luvCo' are re quested to appear in uniform or erenitig cos- i tume, and to provide themselves with two j cards with their names written legibly thereon, one card to be left on the table at the entrance ( hall and the other to be given to the member of j tho staff who announces the names to His Ex- ! cellency. Constable Luke, of Chewton, has been ap pointed inspector of factories and shops, in suc- ce-sion to Senior-Constable Hall. Mr John Cations, a very old and esteemed resident of South Castlemaine, died on Satur day, after a serious illness. The deceased had resided here for a lengthy period, and lcavt-s a large family, one of tho sons being Mr H. Cations,' the well-known footballer. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, and was largely attended. Amongst those present were Mr G. Cunnack and the employes of his tannery, where the deceased had worked fur about 30 years. The Rev Hume Robertson read the burial service. The funeral arrangements were well carried out by T. Odgers and Co. Several members of the Melbourne Bicycle Club arrived here yesterday, and were hospitably nnfarfainnJ Mitmhv's Pactlnmninn Wnfpl tiv Messrs Max Pincus, W. Wilson, and S. M. Cornish. The latter met the visitors at Kyncton, and escorted them to this town. Tho Whit Sunday services at Christ Church yesterday were of a viry interesting character. As it was also the anniversary of the Queen's birthday, -.the service in tho morning was opened with the National Anthem. The musical portion of tho service was Tours' " Te deum laudsmus," . Dyke's " Benedict u-," and "during the choral communion service. Tours' "Kyrie Eleison," "Gloria tibi," "Gratias," "Sureutn Corda," "Nicene Creed," "Sanctus," and " Gloria in Excelsis." At the evening service Tours' "Magnificat" and "Nunc Dimittus" were well rendered, as was also Attwood's anthem, " Come H«ly Ghost." The solo in the anthem was finely rendered by. Mra Westwood, nnd the quar tette by Mra Westwood, Mrs Rackt-trow, Messrs Hohson nnd Van Hees. The incumbent con ducted both set vices, and preached appropriate sermons oil behalf of the Australian missions, collections being taken up for the roisMons. Mr C. T, Hasler, as usual, efficiently presided at tho organ. An old and respected resident of Sandy Creek, Mr John Reid Roberts, expired on Saturday. Deceased had been suffering for some time from hydatids, and so- serious was his condition con sidered that Drs Farr and Owen performed an nnarflriniv T)pr.pjuu>/i wsus nna nf thn first IdentL lied with the discovery of the Old Welshman's Reef, whiclt some 35 years ago was noted fur its richness Since those day a deceased had ups.ind downs, but being of a persistent and persevering nature lie never failed in energy, and hia last success was the discovery of the mine known as Roberts and Sons, at Sandy Creek. Deceased was widely known and much respected by all.. He leaves a widow and grown up family. Mr Fred. G. Samson, tho well-known writer of Snutli African nffuirs under the non de plume of. " Uitlander," is to deliver a lecture at tlie Theatre Royal on Monday night next. The title of the lecturo is, " All About South Africa," and the principal points are to be illustrated with limelight views. Mr J. Hendy, tho advance agent-, is in Castlemaine making arrangements for the entertainment. In the churches yesterday, . tho National Anthem was sung in honor of Queen's Birthday. 1 he clergymen also made appropriate reference to. Her Majesty's nativity and the lengtliiness of her reign. Long ntay it continue. There will he a public holiday to-day in honour of Her Majet-ty the Queen's Birthday. There is every probability of thu beautifully'finc weather experienced during tho past few days continuing to- day, and holiday-makers should have an 'enjoyable time. Locally, there is no pubitc demonstration in honour ot the tjueen a 77th birthday, and until a bolter track is laid on the Camp Reserve spurts promoters are not likely to organise many holiday gatherings, as is the custom elsewhere, where there arb' splondid. tracks for cycling nnd pedestrian events. Tito local Militiamen will proceed to Bendigo to en-; gage in a competition with their Bendigo com rades, whilst a number of the Militiamen will also journey to Melbourne to compute for (be hnndsoroo trophy donated by Lord Brassey. We clip the following from 'Punch': — Mr. Maxwell, the barrister, it is rumored, intends to stand fnr 'Maldon at the next general election.' He is a pushing young man, with" a democratic tendency, but very bigoted on soversl things, notably religion. Debate the. Scriptures with him and he is at white heat in a moment. It is the intention of tho 4th Battalion Baud to give a 'sacred concert in the Botanical Gardens on Suriday, 6th:prox.,>for the hem-fit of the local charities. Thu cyclists of this nnd other districts will nlsn ho invited to take part in tho gathering. ;; \ _ J Still another death" is' reported from Cool- gardio of a Oastlemaine' native, in tho person of Mi- Ernest 'jjavis, eon of the well- known boot maker at Wesley Bill. The deceased left a few months' agQ;in company of Mr O. Morris, of thnt locality; and tho nowa whs spread on Saturday fliot Datn'o Itotl ah/iMimltn/1 nn flttwiAMAnlrla affns a serious illness. Upon their return from parade at tho butts rm Saturday evening, the Militiamen were addressed by Lieutenant-Colonel Templeton rotative to tho competition to-day for Lord Brassey'a trophy. The Colonel expressed tho hope that tho Castle maine and Bendigo men would prove victorious, and tho non-competing Militiamen punctuated the remark with threo ringing cheors fur their comrades, nnd three cheers also for Lieutenant- Colonel Templeton. The band (under Band master Monteith) rendered good service at tho parade. The Militiamen and the band will "fall in" at 9.30 o'clock this morning to proceed by train tn Bendigo. Tho Foundry Band performed on tho balcony of Goldsmith's Hotel nn Satinday night, and tho finely renderod programme (as published on Saturday) delighted the large number of people who congregated in tlia Square. The hand was led by Mr O. Greunsides, Messrs Thomson & Co., of Castlemuine, nro thesuecossful tenderers for the orection of Mr J. Liottgstsirs six-ronmea wentnernoard houso in Maldon. Tho price is about L240. Tho Secretary of tho Guildford Club forwards us ; Mr 0. Vallnneo's avorago for tho past sen son's bowling for the Guildford 0.0. in the junior cricket association matches, first innings only, matting and hard wickets. IIo bowled in 16 : matches; "894 balls, 149 overs, 50 maiden overs, securing 78 wickets for 228 runs. This is nn avoragq of 2-9 runs por wicket. The rotnainB uf a young woman. Miss Eliza beth Fawkes'(nicoo of Mrs J. Rogers, of Barker- street) wore interred in tho Cemetery at -Camp bell's Creek yesterday afturnoon. When tho cortege roaqhed Campbell's Creek, tho tusohers nnd scholars of Iho Wo-slcynn Sunday School (of which the deceased had been n teacher) marched in front of the hearse. Tho children sang ap propriate hymns on route to the Oumotery and also at the grave. Tho Rev H. K. Hurohison read tho burial servico. As showing how healthy and industrious somo of the children attending State schools nro, the Mipistor of Public Instruction has issued throe certificates for regular ntlcndnnco to children attending the North Wangarattn school. Two of ilietn liavo not been absent from school a single day for six years, nnd the other ono has noli missed an attendance for four years. : i . ' The largest casting over made in South " Aus- : tralia was successfully .performed at the en gineering works of Messrs Hawke and Co., Kapunda (writes theKnpunda ' Herald'). _ This casting was a bolt wheel for the British mine at Broken Hill. The pulley, which is to go on a 9jin shaft, is 12ft in diameter, 2ft lOin on tho face, nnd 2in on the rim. Tho weight of tho wheel is 5 tons lOcwt, and about 7 tons of metal was used. Tho molteD metal was run from the fnrnaees into two large ladles, one holding four tons nnd the other threo, which were carried into tho necessary position for pouring by j cranes. Constable Kicly, of thu Richmond police force, had business nt the Supreme Court on Friday. As ho stood outside the Court lie saw two young fellows pass named Blake O'Neill nnd i George Whittakor. Having some reason to sua- , pect that they had been misbehaving themselves he arrested them and was rewarded by the dis covery of a revolver and a quantity of jewellery. Kiuly is of opinion that the youngsters have como front Bendigo and that the jewellery represents the proceeds of Botne robberies recently com mitted in that district. Henry Dentvy, a compulsurily retired State school teachor, apparently forma a very high estimate of his value to the State or vice versa, for ho haa commenced an action against his sovereign, claiming £20,000 damages, owing to his having been "inequitably, unfairly, and illegally treated in regard to his retiring allow ance." The matter came before tho court on Friday, on an application by the respondent to SiriKe out, a tiuiuuur oi pnragnpus iruui oic niatement of claim. The matter was adjourned to allow the pleadings to bo simplified in tho meantime. The A. U.S.N. Company's steamer Rockton, 1600 tons, Captain Simpson, when coming into Geelong on Thursday night, got considerably out of her course and ran aground about 500 yards north of the third light on the Hopetouu chan nel. 'I ho steamer Excelsior went to her assist ance, but the stranded vessel had become so firmly embedded in the sand that it was found impossible to move her, although she was very light, the cargo on board consisting of 160 tons of flour. The new P. nnd U. steamer India, which was recently launched at Greenock, will probably be placed on the Australian line. One feature of the new vessel is that sh9 is fitted with four cylinder engines, which will-tend' to steady her in a rough sen. The difficult question of , ofiicinl precedence hns, it seems, again cropped up' lit" Adelaide, ,'whero the President of the' Upper Bouse has declined the invitation of the Governor to tho official dinner- on the Queen's Birthday on the ground-that the precedence to which lie is en titled is not accorded to him. In Victoria the judges- of tho County Court complain that no invitations to them for tho.iifficial dinner are is- sued. Jtlfchnuuli in the mother country their bosi tion is well ascertained, the judges' by Her Majesty's Order in Council' taking precedence next after knights bachelors.. The man Dominie Milnvitch, who was found seriously wounded in n ward of the Mary borough Hospital, where he was a-patient, died on Friday. At an inquiry the evidence! showed that the wiiund was evidently self-inflicted whilst deceased wns of unsound miud.. A ver dict was recorded accordingly: It has been decided by the Chief Secretary that Dr Bride, the curator of infbs>ate estates, should resume his former position of librarian at tho Public Library nt a salary of £850, which sum he was receiving (less tho percentage reduc tion) on relinquishing that office. Sir John M'Intyre is back from Coolgnrdio, looking as fresh as warpaint. Thore has been Bome revived talk about the leadership, but no thing is likely to be. done until June. Holiday arrangements will be observed by the Postal Department on the Quven'a Birthday. There ,'will bo but the first delivery by letter carriers. No money order or savings bank business will be done: Telegraph offices will be dpeu- from 8.30 to 10 a.m. and from 6 to 7 p.m. Tho Campbell's Creek Choral Society give a concert this evening in tho Woslovan Church. Campbell's Creek. At the Licensing Court on Saturday Wm. Dwyer, owner of the Metropolitan Hotel, ob- tained a licence for carrying on the business until the expiry of the licence granted to M. A. Hannan. Thu girl ' Henrietta- Escotb was brought up at the Police - Court- on Saturday, before . Mr Williams, J.P , on a charge of obtaining from J. A. Scott five paina pf shqea by_means of fahie re presentations, ji and- -waa- Remanded to appear at tho Police Cpurt. fiendigo', "tomorrow. At the Fry erstown Police Court on Saturday, before Messrs Anderson, ' P.M. , Rowo and Carter, Js.P., Inspector Lecky proceeded against W. Chapman for selling liquor under tho required strength, and tho defendant was fined LI with L2 17s 6d costs. The police proceeded againBt W. A. Noims, for having saplings in his possession, and an account being rendered by tho defendant as to thorn, tho case was dis missed. In a summons case of Brown v. Mullinn, for insulting ianguago, tho defendants was fined LI, with 2s 6d costs. Finale of a political curtain lecture. — Married femalo franchise agitator in her niuht gown, with broomstick aloft, " Come frmn under that bed. Smith." Female anti-agitator, in muflled tones from undor the bed, " I shall not, Mr Smith ; 1 will be master in my own house 1" 