THE STUDY OF THE NUDE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — Your news and correspondence columns show that we may bo in lor a lot of clap-trap about social purity, and the evils which will befall students who are allowed to study painting or scuplture in a life school. IVe are told that those artists who make studies from the nude have "a low standard of morality," and that the Government, for sanctioning or permitting the study of the nude at the Technical College, is likewise immoral! Sir, the ghost of the Puritan still hovers, even In this new country. These people who would have us in thl3 nineteenth century re-enter the unwholesome prison of Puri- tanism seem to think that they are the lieaven- commissfoned drill-sergeants of society, and that the ouly way to ensure a pure moral health in the community is by legislative enactment. But these self-constituted and self-oonsccrated prea chers of morality, who object to a nude model, are manifestly Sydney's latter-day saints! Now, history teaches us that the religion of the ancients was sullied with gross conceptions and foul imaginings; a.nd we also find that both the Ninevltos and Egyptians painted and sculptured . the human form — but they were restricted, by religious tradition, from arriving at a full repre sentation of tho human form! And now we find these self-consecrated moralists of Sydney charg ing the Government with being apathetic and evil-minded In allowing our disciples of Phidias and Michael Angelo to have nude human models when hewing from stone a statue of, say, an Australian Apollo. Perhaps they don't object when they try their skill in fashioning clay re plicas of Italian angels, madonnas, and saints. That, to them, no doubt, would be pure art, and of the loftiest kind. It Is true that Titian paiut- ed a "Rape of Proserpine," as also a companion piece, but then, so say our Sydney latter-day saints, he was Immoral, not Immortal. Awful must It he, if Sydney imitators of Raphael, Glor- glone, Correggio, aud Titian's god-like art be al lowed a naked model. If our Sydney students dare aspire to paint a modern "Adonis by the running brook," or the heavenly figure of a modern Cytherca, let them beware of tho moral drill-sergeants of society. Tho glories ot form aud the glories of color can only (say thoy) bo taught draped. Otherwise, of course, the picture cannot bo pencilled correctly. Every artist working from the nude Is a person of degraded aud sensual mind, according to those who gratu itously set out to talk about tho painter's moral standard. Yet the true student ever "treats his vocation sacredly; studies, as In God's presence." All art students know that their skill and moral health are very closely related. A good student only thinks of his model on Ills canvas. To look on the nude model with the view of repre senting It Is not like looking on it from any other motive — innocent or guilty. The human form affords the standard in painting, undis puted from the days of Phidias. He preferred it draped, at least on tho female side. Never theless, as says a writer who al3o so preferred it: "The human form undrapod always has been a central standard of competence in art, and tho difficulties of rendering It, light, shade, and color, have very much to do witli any painter's choice of it as Ills object. . . Anyone who has drawn the female form from the cast knows It is tho highest reward of the master to succeed with It from life." At the risk of wearying you, Sir, I would like to quote from the "Journal of Marie Bashklrtseff," aptly termed by the author who transited It "a hook in the nude" — a hook In nearly every library, too. At page 276 is where Marie Bashklrtseff enters Ju lian's "life school" in Paris, and her diary runs: "The pose being difficult I find it . hard. What makes men ashamed of being naked Is that they are ashamed of their defects. If one felt sure of not having a spot on tho skill, or a muscle ill-made, or a deformed foot, one would go about without clothes, and one would not be ashamed. Who can resist the temptation of showing some thing that is really beautiful, and of which one may bo proud? But as easily as one Is satisfied with one's face, so fastidious Is one instinctively for the body. The sense of shame only disap pears before perfection — beauty being all-power ful. ... I said Just now that perfect beauty keeps all other ideas away, and it is the some with anything else which Is perfect. . . If on seeing a woman naked, you feel that it Is wrong, this woman Is not the highest expression of beauty, since there is room in your mind for an idea other than that which should pass to your brain through your eyes. You forget the beau tiful, to think of tiie nude. . , To sum up, perfection and absolute beauty annul blame — or, rather, prevent its occurrence — and suppress shame." By the way, Sir, would not our high-toned and keen-edged moralists also like to suppress the nude in tho Art Gallery and Gardens.— yours, etc.. JOS, DOLTON. August 14, 18911, 