OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. ? LOCAL AMUSEMENTS — AD- YERTISING THE WEST— AN-' ASSURED : SURPLUS CHEAP MONEY. Adelaide, June 8. Adelaide at present is pretty badly off in the matter of amuse ments,' but something better is pro mised in the near future. The Theatre- Royal is now occupied by Harry Rickards, who has other companies running m Sydney ana Melbourne, so that he is able to distribute the talent at his dis posal between the three cities. He keeps the artists moving round, and so makes the most possible profit out of those who have1 to be brought from afar, and paid ex pensive salaries. The English Concert Company imported by Messrs. P. A. Howells, C. J. Stevens, and P. Basse, of Adelaide has given several very successful entertainments here, and will leave 'for, the easfnext week. Then there is a/trick cyclist a£ work in the Exhi bition- buildings, and here ends the tale of amusements unless one counts in the Zoo and the cyclqrama, or the^ countless tea meetings which invite the patronage of those who desire' to take their pleasure mildly. However, very soon Mrs. Brown Potter and Mr. Kyrle Bellew, .who will open at the Princess's Theatre, Melbourne, to-night, in 'As You Like It,' will re-visit this city, and we are also promised a sight of the wonderful play of 'Trilby,' which, staged by the American Company , specially imported by Mi1. J. C. Williamson, has delighted big audiences in Melbourne, and is now doing excel lent business in Sydney. Mme. Trebelli is likewise booked for a season here, and Fitzgerald's circus will; come anon. As the large centres of Western Australia become joined together by railways, and ^travelling generally grows more comfortable, you are sure to receive visits from the best public entertainers, despite the waste of time between Sydney and Perth. Mining towns, especially when times are good, as they appear to be at present, are always liberal to showmen,. and Tommy Hudson, for instance, seems to be very happy in the west. He is a great favorite here. 'There has. been quite a dis tinguished company of western speculators in Adelaide lately, and all of! them have been interviewed by the .' Advertiser, which is taking a deep ^interest in the success of the fields in your part of the world. So many South Australians are at work on your side of the boundary that the success of the one colony means very much to the other. Among the gentlemen who have been giving their views are Mr. De Rose, the Horns, Mr. W. R. Wilsou, Mr. L. R. Menzie, Mr! M. Walsh, and Mr. Keith, all of whom have had praise f ul things to say. Their impres sions have spread over^everal columnii, all ' of which are full of excellent advertisements for the goldfields. In the mean while the duplicate line which is to overcome the telegraph difficulty, now again somewhat acute, is being rapidiy run across the wide stretch of country which lies between us and you. Westward of Port Augusta the linemen are advancing at the rate of seven miles a week, and Sir Charles Todd expects this speeil to be maintained unless there is a difficulty in the delivery of p'osts and other material. The tenders : for this- work, as far as the more- distant portions of the ? line ? are concerned, are due on Monday week. Very good news is received as to the vigor of the western construction parties, and' within the present year, or early, in ; 1897, telegraph blocks, except in the case of interrup tions, of the -service, should be but ghost-like recollections of the past. Althoiigh the Perth people are not so enthusiastic on the subject of the construction of the-proposed line from Esperance to Norseinau, we in Adelaide have great'hopes of good things resulting from.the opening ? of such a means of communication: After all, there can be?no 'serious rivalry between Adelaide and- Perth, for you have the key of the position, not only in respect to geographical advantages, but also in the right to adjust customs and railway tariffs. Mr. Holder is now sure that he will close the present financial year with a surplus, and to a very large extent the 'prosperity drawn from your goldfields is the cause of this happy, state of. affairs. The Cus toms receipts for the 11 months of the present financial year are more than .£45,000 in excess of the re turns for the, corresponding period of 1894,-5, arid they are now more than the Treasurer's estimate for the whole 12 months to June 30\. The * railway revenue is also briskening . up beautifully ; so that altogether the Government is very easy' on the score of the State balance-sheet. A Ministry always has a happy time when it can suggest the lowering of taxation, and Mr. Kingston told the people a little while ago that he is prepared to raise the exemption under the income tax from .£125 to .£150, which will mean a pretty large sum in the aggregate, for the impost is 4|d. in the pound or a saving of over 9s. in the .£25. Each of us imagines that he can dispose of the sum better than the Government which now collects it. The trustees of the Savings Bank; who have been paying 4 per cent, interest on deposits for several ye£J,rs, have determined to reduce the amount to 3^ per cent, for the 12 months ended with June. This is a bad thing for individual depositors, but it shows the genera cheapness of money, and, therefore' from the producers' point of view' is a good sign. The Govern ment, which recently floated a 3 per cent, loan very suc cessfully in England, found no difficulty the other day in raising on mortgage bonds at 3| per cent, the money required to start the State Advances scheme, and it is not improbable that it will be able to lend to farmers and others at 4| per cent. In that case capitalists who leave their money in the banks must be prepared for a further drop in interest, for the Government action will necessitate the lowering of rates by other lending institu tions: Building is pretty brisk in Adelaide, because of the facility and the cheapness with which money can be obtained, and there is also more inclination to specu late in mining stocks where big and immediate profits are possible. The politicians who most fiercely opposed the State Advances Bill in the last Parliament are now for the most part willing to admit that they committed a mistake. 