LETTERS TO PUBLIC HEN. The Hon. William Russell, M.L.C. My dear Sir—I don't know exactly how it has happened, but I seem to have neglected you too much since your entry into public life, and I hasten to make amends by writing this epistle, wherein I propose to set forth my impressions concerning your character, and to indicate the direction in which you may most usefully employ such abilities as Providence has endowed you with. I am deal ing with a man who calls a spade a spade and not "an instrument devoted to husbandry," and there fore my speech shall be as plain as your own. Wherefore you will thank me. When you were announced as a candidate for the Legislative Council I hardly knew how to classify you. My recollections of you f were indis tinct. In my reporting days I had met you at meetings of the now defunct Farmers' Association, when W. J. Yenning used to take the floor by the hour, and on such occasions, if my memory is not treacherous, your stock of patience was more than once exhausted. For you are an impetuous man. If you are only convinced that you are in the right you don't " hum " and " haw " as you search for pretty things to say; you plump out the first words that rise to your tongue without any par ticular regard for the feelings of friend or foe. In fact there has always been a large amount of " cussedness " about you. As a prominent member of the Farmers' Association you did your duty fearlessly, and when that institution died it had at all events accomplished something—it had shown to the farmers the advisability and the possibility of placing some members of their own class in Parliament. If I mistake not I also met you in Caltowie, where you were at the time a sort of Triton among minnows. But my knowledge of Caltowie is inadequate. I believe the words "Caltowie In stitute " are to be found written on the heart of Rowland Rees when that gentleman is called in to advise, architecturally, on the rebuilding of the New Jerusalem, but my personal knowledge of the township is limited. In fact, until recently I was almost inclined to think that Russell and Caltowie were synonymous terms, but I have ascertained, to my pleasure, that there are in that town of the North many Russells under different names—men who know the truth, and are not afraid to avow it. On one occasion you leapt into prominence. It was when the Hon. Thomas Playford having been defeated in the district of East Torrens trans ferred his services to the district of Newcastle. You pursued Thomas from polling-place to polling place with the relentlessness of a sleuth hound. Your opposition, I believe, had something to do with the then famous seed wheat question, and while it was not successful in its object, it at least demonstrated that you were a man of dogged pertinacity. Yes, I was acquainted with all these things when you offered yourself as a candidate for the Council, but they did not help me as I sat in my political museum endeavoring to select the correct label which should be attached to you. Were you a Conservative or a Liberal? That was my diffi culty. A man may be outspoken and yet be a Conservative. He may be candid and yet be a very unsatisfactory sort of Liberal. The result of my cogitations was that I did not label you at all. I resolved to await the result of the elections. If successful I would watch your career in Parlia ment ; if defeated I would study you at my leisure. Well, you weie elected, and I have now got you in your proper place in my museum. You occupy a position in the Liberal corner, near— perilously near, some people think—to the Radical section. There. Are you satisfied with that classification 1 I sometimes wonder what the ghosts of departed legislators must think if they are in the habit of revisiting their old haunts. I have ia my mind's eye a vision of the Legislative Council as it was twenty years ago. Plethoric old gentlemen who had dined heavily sat facing the President with fat, sleepy looking eyes. Capacious white waist coats were in such evidence that it was sometimes difficult to tell which was man and which waist coat. There was a general air of solemnity. The serious looking men who had eaten so much at their clubs that it cost them an effort to move, looked like a number of broody hens in a poultry yard. There was an occasional " cluck " just as an indication that somnolency was not altogether present, and the droning of one speaker, who fondly imagined that he was doing something for the good of his country, prevented the President from having forty winks more than twice in the course of a quarter of an hour. Creat heavens! What must those very respectable ghosts think now! Their soporific walk h^s been transferred into a bear garden or a free and easy ! Members who occupy their seats actually get excited and contradict one another. Of course your freedom of speech has given much offence in certain quarters. The Hod. Ebenezer Ward, for example* regarded your election to Parliament as a national calamity, and though you recently wept and prayed over his sick bed I question very much whether he has become reconciled to your presence in what was once the sacred House of Property. There have even been grave shakings of the head among your farming friends, who, having been for many years, in some cases, under the iron-shod heel of the monopolist, are aghast at the display of anything like independence. But " he that hath light within his own clear breast may sit in the centre and enjoy bright day " That is your feeling, is it not, my dear Russell 1 You are open and honest, and you see no reason why other men should not be open and honest too. You have a deep rooted contempt for dodgery of all descriptions, and therefore you would never make a successful politician, that is if success is to be measured by a man's ability to get into power. Sometimes you say too much. You find it impossible to curb your impetuosity, and—well, someone has got to suffer. There has usually,- however, been some provocation. Since you have joined the ranks of our legislators you have contrived to keep your name pretty well before the public. It is not in your nature to sit quietly down and look at things. If there is a row you must be in it. There must be a mixture of Irish and Scotch blood in your veins. Nothing delights you so much as to be in the thick of a scrimmage, and in the Donnybrook of debate you act on the good old plan of striking at every head which meets your gaze. If you have done nothing else you have considerably enlivened the proceed ings of the Council. You are a firm believer in guerilla warfare. You serve under no leader, and you acknowledge fealty to none. You are a Free Lance, and sometimes find it necessary to hit at friend and foe alike. Generally speaking you are found to be supporting the Ministry, and in the majority of cases you vote on the same side of the House as the Labor Party. But you are no thick and thin upholder of the Government, and you are by no manner of means a member of the Labor Party. To the Conservatives you are as a red rag to a bull, simply because you will not fall down and worship the fetishes that they have so long held in adoration. If ever there was an In dependent Liberal you are that being. The probabilities are that you will never hold office, but you can be of much benefit to the Liberal cause if you will only continue to expose the sophistries of the Conservative leaders. I like your frankness ; I admire your courage. I know you to be a ready speaker, to possess a keen wit, and to have much natural aptitude for political work. Your sphere in life is to act the critic rather than to originate, and in this respect it is my hope that you will long continue to serve your country. Even Liberal Ministries may go asiray, and a good watchdog is necessary to give a warn ing bark; If you occasionally snap ao somebody's heels it is an occurrence that must be looked tor. Somebody has got to be bitten at some time or another or we should begin to doubt the existence of the dog. But there is nothing of the yapping cur who snarls and runs away about you. If you do occasionally bay the moon there are many occasions when your growlings give due notice of the proximity of danger. Pi ay forgive these metaphors. In conclusion—but there will be no conclusion between us. We shall go on as heretofore. Our friendship may become warmer, that is all. I flatter myself I know an honest man when I see one. A man's eyes are the truest test to his character. If, like the Village Blacksmith, he can " look the whole world in the face " there can't be anything very bad about him. You can do this—not brazenly, but fearlessly— -Yours very faithfully, QUIZ. 