THE WIDE WORLD. The district tribunal of Kazan, Bitting temporarily In the town of Mamadysli, bas, by a final verdict of acquittal, closed the proceedings, extending over a period of four years, In the cases of the seven persons accused of hr.ving murdered, by decapitation, a peasant named Konon Mativunine. Their object was stated to be to offer a sacrifice to idols, the worship of which, mingled with certain Christian beliefs, still survives in the province of Vyatka. The body of the victim was fonnd lying by the roadside near the village of Staraia- Monltana on IStb May, 1892. The accused persons are Inhabitants of that village, and the manner in which the murder was committed corresponded exactly to the customs of the pagan sacrificers. There were In the first instance 11 persons charged, but three have been acquitted since the opening of the prosecution, and one has since died. "Light" publishes a story of a famous preacher in America which is probably true. It contains at least a good dćal [ of truth. The question "Where is Heaven?" was put to Sam Jones by one e of his wealthy church members in Geor-gia, whose cotton crop yielded him some 20,000dols. the last year. Where is heaven?" said the rich planter. 'Til tell you where heaven is," said Mr Jones, "if you will go down to the village and buy fifty dollars' worth of groceries, put them in a waggon, and take them to that poor widow on the hillside.who has three of her children sick. She is poor, and is a member of the church. Take with you a nurse, and someone to cook their meals. When you get there, read the Twenty-third Psalm and kneel by her side and pray. Then yon will find out where heaven is." The popularity of swimming as a recreation for women has made amazing strides during the past few years, and some of the most enthusiastic votaries of the pastime are to be fonnd among the Boyal Families of Europe. The Empress of Austria is, perhaps, the cleverest of all amateur lady swimmers, and has been known to perform some remarkable natatory tricka All the princesses of the Austrian reigning family are good swimmers. Our own Queen and aU her daughters learnt to swim, and the Princess of Wales, her three daughters, and the Princess May are extremely fond of the water. The German Empress and the sisters of the Emperor are fine, swimmers, and so is the Queen-Regent of Spain, who excels in all manner of feats in the water. A man named Maire, an enameller, who )ind appealed against a sentence of two years' imprisonment passed on liim for cutting off children's ears, was tried again in Palis. He had nothing less than a mania for depriving children of their ears. His way of proceeding was if he saw a boy in a lonely place, to go up to him and say, "What's the matter with your car? It's bleed- Ins. Just let me see It." Then taking hold -of the ear lie cat as much of it off as he could with a razor that he carried in his coat sleeve. Sometimes lie amputated only tlie lobe, but he was able to carry off sis ears from as many different heads. He operated in the broad daylight.. The tribunal added three years to the original sentence. Maire expressed astonishment at the Judge's severity. A new calling has been brought into existence by ghosts and Mahatiuas— cjiiefly the for mer—as the latter always fight auiong themselves, and initiate the public into their mysteries by family quarrels. With reference to the story of the haunted house at Peterborough, a gentleman who caiis himself "A Haunted House Expert," expresses his readiness to dear that particular building, or any other, of all the spirits which may be therein quicker than lightning. He says he has been honored with the patronage of the nobility and gentry of various countries, and has been successful in extirpating some of the oldest ghosts in the kingdom. A "ghost-killer" must be quite a charming and pleasant occupation. Some details are to hand of the wedding of Khama, the bare fact of which was announced some time ago. The ceremony was performed at Palapye by Mr Willoughby, the missionary who came to England with him. The Chief had gained sufficient insight into the ways of his country to know how a function of this character should be carried out. He appeared at the altar dressed in a frock coat and light trousers and a white tie; while his bride, a young woman of about twenty, wore a white satin, with a tulle veil and orange blossoms. Afterwards the guests met at the house of the missionary, where the oc- casion was becomingly celebrated, the chief attraction being a great wedding cake. The wedding ceremony took place at the abnormally early hour of nine o'clock. The cycling mania at .Berlin has just reached the schorcher stage, and complaints are made on every side to the paternal government to stop, oh stop! the cyclists in their mad course. Only a few "radler" have readied the eminent position wherein, for their "beautifully slow" riding, they are praised by one and all, and held up as examples in the newspapers. As to lady cyclists in; Germany, the South is, as usual, far ahead of the North, and, while at Frankfort. Munchen, and all the other large towns in the South, the woman-cyclist is in no way molested by Laving an 1 undue amount of public attention paid to her. she is still the laughing-stock of Berlin, and very far from attaining to the eminence of the British St. Bicycilia.' But then, what can be expected in a town like Berlin, where no woman is allowed-to ride on the top of aa omnibus? . "Pearson's Magazine" for June (London), has a lively article on Radyard Kipling's journalistic life in India. It is by Mr. E. Kay Robinson, who was Kipling's editor on the "Civil and Military Gazette," published . at Lahore. The how celebrated author worked for years at proof reading, scissors and paste work, and the boiling down of Government. BlueBooksixito summaries for publication. When lie began to astonish people by his cleverness he was urged to leave India and try Fleet street. His reply always was that the "Gazette" had taken "him on.trust—a boy .iresh. from school—and that he would serve It loyally, like Jacob In the "Bible, for Ills- full seven years. He made friends among all, kinds of natives, and many of łbem looked opon Jiim • as a. very superior sort of Sahib. His perception was keen, as it is still, remarkably qnicfc His mind photographed, as it were, passing events that could hare - any fatare .ntWty for reference or allusion. - •-. ,;, '..-,-. - - W-- Ttet^liyely city, Camden, in Nejv Jera«nflF-,that at a spe^a! meettng of honr. to^^^ all «wnera: of 