A BICYCLE BIDE FOR LIFE. I Intended to break the record, as the slang phrase goes-no very difficult matter, I reflected, so far as a Canadian winter record on the bicycle was ooncersed. To do so, however, required judgment. I knew that I had the long rise into the forest before me, and I must reserve my strength for that. I went steadily on. I had rossed the- level at laht, and I knew I had done well. The light was bright enough to see the time, bt I decided teo wait till I entered the forest. It was no loger quite so easy to keep the bicycle up to speed. There was more effort in the presa re on the pedals, a little more sensa tion In the muscles of the legs as I did so. I looked round. Yes, I had already made a rise of a good many feet. The slope was regular, but not steep enough greatly to reduce my speed. As I went I glanced from side to side-for I was oonscious of the oppressive solitude of the forest; but my pae was not retarded for a moment. One of the sleighing party had been talking of wolves. The winter, it seemed, had been an early one, and it certainly had been severe. The wolves, he had said, had been showing in packs not twenty. miles to the north. There was not a sound but the low crisp cruah of the mow under the wheels of my machine, and even that seemed hushed and distant Yet what wa that? Was It fancy, or did I hear something shrill, piercing, yet faint, in the far distance on my right hand? Surely there was some thing-if it was only the wall of a distant gust of wind mcaGing through the frozen pines. I bent over the bicycle and con. oentrated my energies upon facing the long ascent. There it was again! It was no wall ef the northern wind-no swaying of the frzen forest. It was the cry of a living thing. It wa nature's savage com plaint against the pangs of hunger I On-aad en I few. There was net a breath of wind to stir the lightest snow-flake en the tenderest spray, yet my hair was throwa back from my brow, where great drops of perspiration now gathered and began to trickle down my face. On and en I without a thought but that of pressing forward, without a hope but that of reaching the descent of the slope, and the edge of the orest. And as I went I knew that I was followed. From the dim arcades on my right came from time to time a short, gasping howl, cut short in the moment of atterance by the exertions of the chase. They had seen me, and now they were in fall ry. It was a race for bare life. I leant forward, and threw every energy I possessd into the one effort to press on. The trees flitted past me like ghosts; The long hanging boughs nearly brushed my faoe as J swept past The cold air blew in my face and cairied even the heavy for of my coat behind me as I rushed through the uneht-.. - Any t -. I_--rd 1 i td W?" 7Ibt'uklJ?U ot ith a rush; but slowly, foot by foot, with a certainty that was doadly with a monetony that was ghastly beyond expression. I clenched my teeth with fierce determination. I kept my eyes fixed on the line of light that stretched on and on In front, as if it would never end. The strain was telling on me now. There was a wild buzzing in my head, there was a weary feeling growing in the limbs, there was a despairing sense of the uselessness of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate, it was now that for the first time I saw something of my savage pursuers. There was a shadow on my right-only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. It was a head, a long, sharp muzz'e-the mouth open, the lower jaw hanging, the aro erect I It rept on. Little .by little it gained on me-an Inch-only an inch at a time, but always an inch more I This shadow became a horror to me. At last I The long straight road made a curve to the right. Not a sharp curve, but enough to bring me to closer quarters with my un. tiring pursuer. In a moment as I pressed upen the handles and followed the sweep of the road he was upon me. In a moment the shadow had given place to substance with a long panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my side. He was old, for I could see that his hair was grey as it showed In the moonlight. His huge mouth was epen, shewing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue hung from his slavering jaws. Two eyes that glowed like red oeals gleamed from the thickly-matted hair that nung ever his face. There was a look of exhaustion about him that for the moment increased the horrer of his ap pearanoe. involuntarily I swerved as he sprng, and his great jaws came together with a snap not an inch from my knee. His leap had cost him something in speed, and he fell back quite half-a-yard be fore he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change from the gathering horror cf his pursning shadow, and the change aroused me. My hand went instinctively to the handle of my revolver. The familiar teach seemed to reassure me. I drew it from my belt. I weighed it in my hand as if to grew accustomed to it. I dared not trn in my seat, and yet I must get a shot at the grizzly leader of the park. ' Insensibly I slackened my pace for a secondortwo; insensibly the hge headcrept ap once more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a lttle in front of my foot. Once more was \---gthering himself up for a spring. Once mere his blood-shot, hungry eyes, were turned toward me as he kept up his long, leaping gallop. It was the moment. Qaick as thought I fired. The ball struck him struck him, I think on the shoulder. for with one fiere snarl, that seemed to express pain, disappointment, and terror all in one, he rolled over in a heap, almost against the rushing wheel ef my bicycle. There was a passe in the chase. Once more I turned to the track. Once more I conoentrated every energy to increase the distance between my self and my relentless pursuers. The wel come respite was but a short one. My head swam dizzrly with my exertions; my brain reeled with the long and fierce excite .ment; my limbs grew n'mL and heavy noder the desperate strain. Tnank God I I was on the downward slope. Thamk God i therewss at last a prospect of ercape. The desoent madeitself qnicbl) felt. Exhausted as I had been, I couldn't have topt it much longer, and, I mnst have been overtaken. Down the long, smooth elope we ruehed at a pace that was momentarily increasing. I looked behind me once more. The wolves were following still, bht they, too, were growing exhausted. I glanced at the ascent beyond the bridge. I was across, and now the aeseut began. I bent over the bicycle. I foroed my weary limbs to exert themselves once more. For fally a hundred yards the assent was steep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower and slower I seemed to go with each moment. The perspirationI pomred frcm my face, my legs and ankles burned as If steeped in liquid fire. I clenched my teeth, and gripped the handles as if for hbre life, and at each slow turn of the wheel I seemed to myself to hear the panting of the welves behind me. It last I did it. At the top of the slops I tuored and looked behind me. The moon light shone white on the grey leader as he bounded on to the bridge; two others fol lowed him closely, the rest were scattered behind them on the road. Not one had sa yet abandoned the chase-not one had yet given up hopes of the prey. I drew my revolver from my belt again, I rested the barrel for moment on the handle of the machine. "As the leader anared my end of thebrldge i lturned and fired. I hit him With hr howl he sprang into the air and fell half across the parapet, then be turned over and I could see his body gleam whitely as he plunged into the river below. Exhausted as I was, I found. that I could make an effort still. I could hear nothing of the wolves, but yet for aught I knew they might befollowing still. Imagination supplied the plaoe of my dulled senses, and I could fancy I heard their panting behind me-I could even imagine the sharp soufllieg of their feet on the snow. Suddenly a broad stream of light fell aorole the road, There was a esund of voices whlih sounded Itrangely far away ; there were the figures of men, though they looked 1 to the men we see in dreams. My bicycle swept on, but I coald no longer control it. Everything swam before my ayes, my limbs refused to move any longer-I felt that I was falling falling-and I was caught in Dr Jackson's strong arms. 