ATHIRST IN THE DESERT. A PROSPECTING STORY. They were encamped <>n the desert twelve miles from Old Woman Springs. Robinsin ani Barlow, prospectors; the former an Aynllo in his primp, s'rong, finewy, and rigorous, full of the fire and energy of youth ; the lbtter an older man, wirv, scarre I, and worn by toilsome year*. With them was a boy, Martin Holers, who rctna'ned in the camp whili they were prospecting and looked after their outfi', keeping an especially •watchful eye upon the two mules which had hauled them to this lonely spot among the dntica, and upon which in c ;rtain contingencies their lives mi^ht depend. It wa6 on the 17th day of June, 189—. They had a ha'f barrel of water, and there was uo more within the twelve tedious miles to Old Wtman Springs. T.,ey were debating whether they sh >uld retrace their steps or go firward and take the chances of finding water. On this dea rt a temper itu re of 130deg or 140Jeg isnot uncomuon Then aman requires about two gall ni of water « day, and an animal like a horse or a mule requires more, t'o their Eupply was scanty for the size of the party. " You know the country," sai<l Robinson. " 1 do not. It is for you to say. But I don't want to go back if there is a ghost of a chance for us ahead." Birlow hesitated a momen', reflecting, and coreul'ed a roughly outlined map. ' It's four years since I was here," lie said " But —if I remember right—we found water in a canyon between these hills over there." He poin'ed to the indistinct outlines of some low mountains in the distance across a stretch of rolling desert, above which theheated air rose in uick, successive, waveke vibrations. "If that's the canyon I'm thinking of," Barlow resumed, " the mine we're looking for is out five miles to the north." " All right," rcdied Bobin ; on. "We'll slep un'il midnight. Then we'll go over there. If we find water, weM come back and move the camp." R ibinson and Barlow had often prospected together btfore. They bad bee i SUCCESS ul, and owned joiotly mines which were profitable. But this excursion was to make them mi lionaires. It was the ola story of a lost mire of fabulous riche3 ac:idently dis oveied by a party who had been at"a by Indians. The sole survivor of this adventure, wounded untodeath, had been able to give some account of the location of the mine, ani had drawn a crude map which had descended from one to another until Barlow hnd secured it. At midnight the boy, who had kept watch, aroused them from their refreshing slumbers. Having filled their canteens from the Blender store of water they started. It was cool now, and the ha f-ra ion, riding high in the eky, made the way sufficiently plaio. Traveling was easy, and by morning they hai covered much of the distance, although the canyjn was still far away. They halted for breakfast on tin contents of their knapsack, then pushed on. Tne sun rose higher ani higher -, the hot sands begin to blister their feet, and they stopped often just to moistea their lips from the diminishing contents of the canteens. But theit hearts were strong, and their courage was as yet undaunted. At noon the wa ( er was gone from their canteens, and then they began to suffer. Their lips were soon swollen and parched and they 6poke only rarely and in mono- 8 Ha Dies. The hot air blistered their cheeks like a blast from a furnace. Their skin, which had until now been moist with excessive perspiration, became dry and feverish. Their eyes were bloodshot; in fact, all the blood in their bodies seemed to have mounted to their faces. They were tortured with pains at the base of the brain, now dull and heavy, now piercing like knife wounds. The glarog sun overhead seemed an angry, sentient thmg casting daggers into them. Still they kept brave'y on, although ever slower and more wearily, for the mouth of the canyon was coming nearer. . Its ou lines were more dieticct, and Barlow tried to cheer his companion with occasional suggestions of the water and safety ahead of them. These remarks had a curious effect upon Robinson. Lees ioured to hardship than his coqapani ID, although much the stronger of the two, he was the less stoical. Their march early in the day had seemed like the ending of a toils >me pilgrimage with a certainty of 6ucces< awaiting them. He had. not questioned at first the existence of the water or of the mine which they were s eking. But as the day wore on he seemed to lose control of hii will, and his mind wanderei upon speculations which he fought against in vain. Suppose that they should fail to find water ? Tneir condition would indeed be pititul. Suppose tint Barlow was mistaken ? And then* Hippos5. that Barlow were intentionally misleading him ? Robinson fought against the suggestion of treachery, but it would not go away. He tried to tell himself that Barlow could gain nothing by bis death, but he could not help thinking of the other mines which they already owned. If he should die Barlow would own them alone. True, their peii! was apparently equal ; but, on the other hand, Barlow knew the country ; Robinson did not koow it. If he so deBired, Barlow coaid lead him within half a mile of water, leave him to perish, and save himself. Was thes'ory of the lost mine only a myth, a lure, a delusion and a snare ? Robinson's better self revolted at all these suggestions, yet they besieged him. He told himself that his mind must be wavering, that his friend cou'd no", be falss; yet every time that Barlow spoke of water and the cool shade of the canyon awaiting them, Robinson started as though the other had struck him in the face. It was n'ght when they at last reached the cmyon an! looked up at the gray, forbidding sideB and Aung themselves upon the ground in tbe shade of the first projecting rock. They were glad to be there, ani they looked eagerly about for signs of water. Here and there before the agonised gaze of Robinson and Barlow was a cactus or a bunch of (sagebrush, but no sign of the greener verdure which would b2token water. " We must go on," said Barlow. " I gues9 the water is farther up the canyon." Robinson made no reply, but staggered to his feet and led "the way. Barlow followed, even more feebly. Presently they came upon the bones of a horse or mule, half buried. And a few yards further Rebinson stumbled against something just concealed in the sand. With an oath, he gave it a kick, and un- earthed a human skull. Throwing down b?s pack, he dug in the sand with hands and feet and unearthed other human bones, stripped of their flesh and scarred by the teeth cf cojotes. Then they found isome fragments of clothing, attached to one of which was a pin, an emblem of some secret fraternal order. Robimon handed this to hie companion with an unpleasant leer upon his handsome face. " I guess this fellow tried to find the spring," he remarked. "Evidently he did," said Barlow, trying hard to retain his composure, i'* but hundreds of men have perished within a mile of water. We shall fiod it further on." S) they kept along, Robinson's growing suspicions becoming almost a certainty. The idea of treach j ry kept dancing through his brain with horrible itera'ion. He found h'mse'f watch'ng Barlow's every movement and computing, by his occasional stumblings and other signs of « eariness, their comparative strength. He wondered constantly which would hold out the longer, and he finally fell to questioning Barlow abiut the water, ilie mine, acd the map. and their chanc ?s of escape. Barlow's replies became more and more confused. At last he threw himself up -n the ground. " We are lost," he moaned, " I can go no further. There is no water here. We must have come to the wrong canyon. I do not remember the'e jutting cliffs. I was never here at night. But we must Btop. Lst us rest here for a while." Then the repressed tumult in Robinson's mini broke forth. He stood over the prostrate form of his companion and guide, and swore the most terrible oaths that his madness could suggest. With maudlin inconsistency, he lifted his hands towards the stars and uttered a prayer, not an appeal for su - cour, but a bitter cry for revenge. Then, with a sudden frenzied impulse, he turned upon Barlow and threatened to kill him. •' You have brought me here to die," he said, " you whom I trusted as a guide and a friend. What right ha 1 you to run the risk of being lost at such a time ? I will kill you and then I will go back home." But the figure before him was dumb, its face buried in the sand, and its limbs lying limp and palsied, impotent to rcsiBt. Even the maddened brain of Robinson wastouched by the pitiful spectacle. " I ought to kill you, but I won't," he resumed gently. " I'll leave you alone, ani perhaps we'll both get home yet. Then we can settle this. I believe you meant to lead me here to my death, but you've been caught in your own trap. Do yoc hear that I" Whistling down the canyon from the heights above, there came a shrill, clear cry, then another, and then a chorus of yelping voices. " It's the coyotes," said Robinson, " they have scented us. They will be here by-andby They will find you here, and I 6hall be revenged. Good-by. Iam going away. Do you hear ? I'm going to leave you alone— alone with the night and the desert, and the coyotes, and the lost min 0 . I will you al my right, title and inteiest in that," and Robinson laughed. The figure on the sand stirred, and then rose slowly to a sitting posture. The face was black, but perhaps the dusky tint was only the shadow of dratb. " Go," he whispered, " it is right that you should desert me. Only tell me that jou forgive me. Before God I mfeant no barm. I (bought there was water here—I «-thlnk .so, now^cmly.—only there has been some horrible magic at work, and we can't find it. But it ought to be here. You are young and strong. You will not die. I do not care for myself. - I am tired. I want to go to sleep. Go, if you like, but shake hands first." Then the two clasped hands, and the younger man said: "You are right and I am wrong. I was crazy to speak as I did. It is for you to forgive. JJow, listen. Best awhile if you like, but try not to sleep. If you do you will never awaken. As soon as you have a litt'e strength, get upon your feet and come down the canyon. I am going back to camp. If I get there alive I will send the boy after you with one of the mules and water. Then we will go home. Good-bye again." Robinson turned away, and without once looking back began to retrace those weary s eps. In his path, a hundred yards from where he s arted, a sidewind< r— deadliest reptile of the desert—swung before him with its peculiar gliding motion. Robinson kick <1 the thing aside, regardless of its fangs. Further on a rattler of a different Mpecies crossed his path and coiled itself, with mouth alert and buzzing tail. Huge black, hairy creatures skipped awkwardly away from him ,<a either hand; but whether they were tarantulas, their proportions magnified by the moonlight, or only figments of his imagination he did not p iuse to consider. He was indifferent, in the face of a greater danger, t-> these repulsive creeping things, the ordinary, every day foes of the prospector. Often he stumbled and fell, but rose again. Pc knew that there was to be a fight against time and Against the ebbing away of his life forces. His body was an hour glass now. Its sands were the latent springs of vitality within him, all the reserve forces, the combine! resources of flesh, blood, and will spurred by despair. For one moment, rallying every atom of vitality, he almost rejoiced in the unequal contest against the silent destructive forces of nature. The breath of the night was cool upon his brow. The shadows of _ the moonlight _ were weird and beautiful, and, as he approached again the mouth of the canyon, he lifted ujp his voice and sang in an unnatural, thin, piping falsetto, which frightened him. Then he closed his lips tightly over his teeth. Would his strength hold out? Or would he fall after a little and be unable to rise again ? He did not try to sing again, but after a little, to bis great surprise and to his annoyance as well, delicious music came to his ears. There were the soft, rippling notes of flutes, like the flowing of water. Then he heard the shrill tremulo of violins and the clear call of bugles, with the loud tenor and the mellow alto horns. Then they were all mingled in a grand orchestral burst that swelled louder and louder and died softly away, llobinson was perplexed. He was out in the open now and trying to shape his course by the sta r s. That delicious, throbbing music was confusing to his senses, and he could not divine its source. Assuredly there was no living thing near him except the deadly and uncouth vermin of the desert. Yet what was that wonderful vision just before him 1 He sank upon his knees and gazed in rapture. The marble court of a palace, and in its midst a pool of limpid waters, with broad steps of (tone leading into them. The palace was loofless, but its gleaming walls were supported by stately columns elaborately sculptu-ed. The moonlight threw abroad the shadows of these, and was reflected from the shining surface of the water, evidently a bathing place for fairies, a fountain for nymphs. He roBe to his feet and ran. Then fell again. The vision had disappeared like the phantoms of adnata. There wai nothing before him but that eternal waste, boundless and barren. Curses fell from Robinson's lips at this disappointment. And perhaps it was a punishment for tbese that a new foe assailed him. At any rate, from behind each shrunken des rt bush aroucd him there sprang armed meo, who attacked him and sought to despoil him. Robinson ran in fear. They were not In ians, who might by some chance have been expecte 1 there, but warriors of another race—huge, 6talwart men armel with spears, shields, and helmets. The thing was ridiculous to ROBINEOA, though awful. Tbc-c soldiers were like the pictures of the Greek and Boman warriors which he had seen in his school books when a boy. He felt confident-, although his strength was so feat fully diminished, that he could distance those unweiHy foeman with their antiquated equipment. He laughed in their faces as two or three drew nea er linn the rest. Then he flung off his coat, which he hai worn until now, bared his arms and turned to face them. T&ey; had gone, and vanished as unexprcteily as they came, and Robinson shrieked and langbed in delirious joy. On the morning of .Tune 11, 189—, young Martin Rogers, in camp on the Mojave Desert, twjlve mi lei from Old Woman Springs, had risen at daybreak, male a little fire of sagebrush and prepared himself a cup of coffee. Then he washed thoroughly the mouths and nostrils of the two mules and gave each a few swallows of water. There was very little water left, and Rogers, who WJS growing anxious, had nearly decided to return to Old Woman SpringB for more. He would await the return of bis companions only one hour longer. During that lnur he constantly scanned the deaert for a trace of his friends, and at lant saw a strange, almost unearthly figure in the distince, a form that kept disappearing and then coining into view, distinctly seen through the thin, dry, clear atmosphere. Now it would cone straight aheil; now it would wander away in aimless circles ; and now, again, it would drop out of sight. Rogers took a loik at it through a glas*, an i ma ie out that it was a tall man, nakei except for the shoes .upon his feet, who kept falling to the earth. Rogers snatched up a canteen, untethered one of t he mules, and, springing upon his back, hastened acroBa the desert. In ten minutes he had come up with the apparation and was kneeling beside the prostrate Rqbinson, pouring bstween li's b'a?k and swollen lips a few drops of water, cwefully bathing his face, and, when the rcluctact power of speech returned, listening to the incoherent ravings of a mind which had lost all sense of time and place and its own identity, and wandered in a maze of horrible fancies. The words which came the nearest to having a definite meaning for Rogers were the following, which Robinson kept repeating in his de irlum : — " There isn't any chance for him. They're canning little fellows, those coyotes, and their teeth are sharp. They're the highwaymen of the deseit" 