PASTORAL LETTER. Issued bt the Plenary Council. "VENERABLE AND BELOVED BRETHREN OF THE CLERGY, BELOVED CHILDREN OF THE LAITY: (Continued.) CATHOLIC HOME. Our Divine Redeemer lias forewarned us that our loyalty to Hiiu will be tested severely. To prove our disciplineship we shall be called upon to take np the Cross. If we are worthy of Him, we must be pre pared to face the scorn of the whole world, and forego every comfort—houses and lands, home, and the love of friends. 'His commands have also proved prophetic. His Church has stood out through the ages, unique and unndstakable for her devotion to His Cross. His enemies at one time strove to tear her away from Him, or to leave her widowed of the children she had begotten in the Gospel, by torments and death. They failed ; they only- brought discomfiture upon themselves and upon the powers of darkness. But the Prince of this world pursues his ways unweariedlv, and suits his methods of attack to the genius of each age. He no longer incites to open attacks on account of religion, nor counsels confiscation or torments. His aim, how ever, is not less dreary. He seeks to poison the springs of Catholic life—the home and the school. Herein the entire growth of each generation takes place. You cannot dissociate them as agencies in the formation and development of mind and heart. Let but indifference to the claims of Christ upon our loyalty once get established in the home and in the school, and t-lie character of the new generation will be decidedly unchristian. We have spoken to you of the chief dangers that beset the home. Let,us warn,-you of those which lurk in the school. You, Catholic parents, woidd not commit your children's education to teachers who made no secret of their wish to proselytize them. We can conceive of no Catholic parent so callous. But re member that there is such a thing as unintentional, unconscious proselytism, a proselytism which is more likely to be effectual than when it is avowed. No child, no student, will refuse deference and credit to the teacher, if the latter is at all qualified for his position. Instinctively the learner trusts at once to the authority and competence of his teacher. And is it possible that two minds can remain in active communication, in friendly relation ship with each other, for years perhaps, the one submissive and receptive, the other authoritative, instructing, and directing, without producing impressions far more profound and lasting than what is ordinarily contemplated in the school course ? It is only right and proper that the teacher should so influence the child. Jt is his duty to do so. But if the teacher knows the Catholic religion bvvt imperfectly, which unless he is a Catholic will certiinly be the case—if, consequently, he views life and its manifold obligations from a standpoint which is not Catholic, how is it possible for his intercourse with his pupils, honest and conscientous as he may be, not to result in predisposing them against the faith of their baptism? We have always insisted, and we shall always insist, that religion must be positively taught at school as well as in the home. Less than this will not suffice to secure the necessary instruction in religious knowledge. The exercises of school, like those out of it, ought to open with prayer, and ought to be leavened with religious observances throughout. This is essential to a true Catholic education, and Catholics will not rest content with less. But even were we to assume that non - Catholic teachers were scrupulously wary in avoiding attempts to undermine the religion of their Catholic pupils — and very many would make no such attempt—yet their remains much more than a negative disadvantage for the Catholic child; he necessarily catches something of his master's religious tone. And, therefore, we are bound to admonish Catholic parents that in placing their children under teachers who are not of their own faith, they are in all cases ex posing the faith of the children to danger. Men who have no definite religious beliefs will not appreciate this reasoning. They lack the principle which gives it force. But Catholics understand its meaning, and they have shown how earnestly it appeals to them. But, unfortunately, it is not true that all teachers in the public schools of these colonies are tender of Catholic sus ceptibilities. The Church has no means of excluding from the public schools the sectarian fanatic or the still more fanatical Agnostic. She lias no power to remove from the classroom that aggressive spirit, that contemptuous reference to her liistory, her doctrines, and her sacraments, which has flourished unrebuked in high places. The entire genius of the public school system is antagonistic to that which the Catholics demand, and it is surely no wonder that public schools become centres of more than passive hostility to the faith of Catholics. Under guise of fair play they are got up, unknowingly on the part of the great bulk of the people, but none the less effectually, as points of attack upon the Catholic religion. We do not charge our fellow-countrymen with deliberate intent to assail the Catholic religion through the system of education now in vogue. In point of fact, the system is held by Catho lics to be inimical to their faith, and there fore it is unacceptable to them. And on this matter they alone are competent to judge. To take it out of their hands is simply to trample on freedom of thought and freedom of conscience. No one dare pretend any longer that this opposition to the public school system emanates only from the Bishops and priests. Twenty years of hard work in establishing and maintaining Catholic schools have scattered that fallacy to the winds. Catholics are solid with their spiritual guides on this all-important question, and the organs of public opinion have come to admit as much. But the Catholic child who is compelled to attend a secular non-Catholic school not only runs risks to his faith; -his morals may also be imperilled. We would fain pass over this topic, wereifc not for' the gravity of the interests involved. But the purity H^nd, the chastity of life which the Church endeavors to cultivate in the little ones of Christ must be our justification. This is the jewel of youth, tbe pledge of a righteous life. The Catholic home is redolent of the chaste atmosphere of Nazareth : so is the Catholic school; the sanctions of faith, the examples of saints, and, above all, of the Queen of Saints, the united prayer, the ejaculatory invocations of Divine help at each stroke of the hour—these are so many ever-recurring reminders to the young heart of things heavenly, they so leaven the entire waking life of the child that he comes to grow up under their influence, and with the confirming grace of the Sacraments acquires that Catholic instinct which makes him recoil from wliatever is darkly sugges tive. But remove him from those salutary influences ; cast him with his plastic, un informed nature into the midst of com panions, who at all events do not review morals from the standpoint of Catholic faith; whose homes have not a uniform standard of morals; who belong to sects and communities holding very diverse opinions on most practical life questions; and all of whom feel tliat in the school, religion, with its sanctions, is more or less a forbidden subject; are we to expect that children of tender years, of immature judgment, yet developing passions, will continue to observe stoical self-restraint from the beggarly motives supplied them in the moral instructions approved by secularists ? They who think they will must be singularly ignorant of what passes; they who are satisfied to expose the children to such a perilous experiment must set little store by the moral purity of the rising generation. Hence, Catholic parents are not justified by ordinary ne cessities in sending their children to such schools. Under extraordinary difficulties their efforts to counteract the evil influences of such surroundings, as well as the special vigilance which the master may be supposed to exercise, will doubtless be seconded by special graces from heaven. The Holy Ghost measures His aids by the needs that cry out for them ; but such needs must not be of our own choosing; when we un necessarily expose ourselves or our charge to danger, we forfeit our claim to special grace. The Holy tfhost tells us that they who love the danger shall perish in it. And hence, whenever it is possible to maintain a Catholic school, there the pastor and parents will be accountable to our Divine Master, if through inertness they suffer His little ones to be scandalized, to be seduced from that saving doctrine which he came on earth to teach them, and from that holy conversation and that everlasting life which He died upon the Cross to bestow on them. His words should ever ring in the ears of those who have charge of youth. To pastors and parents they are a dreadful warning—" He that shall scandalize one of these little ones that believe in Me, it were better for him that a mill-stone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depths of the sea " (Mattli. xviii. 6). But it is needless, we rejoice to know, to dwell upon the duty of providing Catholic education for our Catholic children. Surely Australasia has by this learned that we Catholics are of one mind on this matter, and that we are as resolute as we are unanimous. It is a singularly short-sighted • policy in those who profess a patriotic concern for the future of this great land to encourage at this critical stage of its national development a system of admini stration which strikes at liberty of conscience, and is an outrage upon justice. When Catholics protest against a form of instruction for their children which has been devised contrary to their wishes, and when they declare that they may not, withoutdoing violence to tlieirconscientious convictions, avail of it, are they not warranted in so asserting their political rights ? Who but Catholics shall be the judges of what are the religious convictions of Catholics ? Or has it come to this that our age of progress and equality and political freedom is drifting rapidly to wards an odious, hypocritical servitude ? ShalJ Catholics be told that they must not have religious convictions ; that they must not claim to save for their Divine Master the little ones who have been given them, who have been baptised into the Catholic faith; that Catholic parents shall be deprived or one 01 tne most sacred rights inherent in them, until they are able to sweep the polls by the brute logic of numbers r Or shall they be told to rest satisfied and thankful for the poor per mission to open and maintain schools of their own, even while the taxes they pay go to educate the children of othersIt is a little better than the arrangement of a century and a half back, when their fore fathers went to Catholic schools only at the peril of their lives ; when a price was set upon the head of a Catholic school master. It is better, but none the less it is a mockery of justice and liberty. Were the demands of Catholics imprac ticable or untried elsewhere, they might, with some appearance of reason, justify statesmen in declining to entertain them. If the Catholics of Australasia had remained listless in the face of secularism, had suffered their children to go in a body to the public schools; had they not erected their own schools and equipped them for secular instruction, so as to be in a position to court inspection and examination on those subjects which form the curriculum of the public schools; where they not satisfied to conform with the regulations which the State may impose as to the standard and quality of secular instruction; they may perhaps be taxed with unreason ableness. But they are doing the work which, not they, but the general public should have to pay for, if their children were transferred to the public schools. They are doing it, we are confident, fully as well. At all events, they are satisfied to state their claim for a fair share out of the school rate upon tes$s of efficiency , which are applied to the public schools. They can point to precedents vliicli ought surely to have weight with the people of these colonies; they ask for nothing out of analogy with the system which obtains in England. There the voluntary schools are part of the system of national instruction ^ and even Mr. Chamberlain (surely no friend of denominational schools) has con fessed that the voluntary schools of Eng land are doing a great national work, and far more economically than the secular or board system. We should gladly welcome any supervision of our schools, which respected the arrangements which we hold to be necessary for safeguarding the faith and morals of the children. We consider that a free alliance with the State Depart ment of public instruction would tend largely to consolidate and systematise oui educational establishments. In retui n, wo should be able to infuse elements no less important to a system of national education. Such a system should be devised with a view to the practical requirements of life ; and who can claim to know the wants of the people as intimately as the pastor of the church Can the minister of educa tion, whom the chances of the hustings create for a season; can the expert in school discipline, whose study is the actual capacity of children during their school years; can the teacher, who is hardly permitted, even if he had the wish, to look forward to the probable requirements of his child in after years—can any of these pretend to understand from daily, personal, solicitous oversight of the people from youth to old age the character and extent of the instruction which will prove service able to the bulk of the children in the course of life ? The nation, in committing the supervision of its educational work exclusively to a paid department, and ousting the Church from its councils, is closing' its ears to invaluable counsel. It is not by hostility and separateness that the forces of the commonwealth are com bined and directed to a common develop ment, or that the various elements of power are knit and compacted together. It is. unpatriotic to the last degree to deprive the State of that influence winch would result from respecting the free spirit of a people who. put conscience before wealth and comfort. We are confident that the time is not far off when the intelligence and justice which distinguish our fellow-countrymen will enable them to look at this great question from a higher standpoint than they seem to regard it at present: and we feel sure that once they grasp its real significance no prejudice against the Catholic Church, 110 senseless apprehensions of Catholic ascendency, will prevent them doing justice to their fellow citizens, and healing the open sore which is at present poisoning the national life. But in the meantime 0111 course is clearly defined. We must push on the work which we took up with the inception of the secular system. We must extend the influence of our Catholic school work to the utmost limit within our reach. We took up the gage of battle more than twenty year's ago, relying on God and on the sterling loyalty of our people to their conscientious convictions, and it is with profound gratitude and renewed courage we now review what has been achieved, and set our hands in concert to perfect what lias been so happily begun. The prayers and sacrifices of priests and people on behalf of the souls of our children have obtained abundant graces from the Most High. And chiefly to be admired is the spirit which has been spread abroad amongst our native youth, calling so many of them to dedicate their lives to the religious state, in order to promote the spread of Catholic education. It is truly wonderful now how a seedling, which was dropped into the soil of Catholic devotedness only a couple of decades back, lias already sprung up into a goodly tree, spreading its branches over every part of Australasia, and affording shelter to thousands of Catholic children from the blighting influences of Godless instruction. In all the cities and chief towns of the colonies we have schools in charge of brotherhoods and sisterhoods, which have again and again passed in triumph through the ordeal of public com petition. In the remote settlements we have schools conducted by excellent Catho lic teachers, trained chiefly in our larger establishments : and the poorest localities are tended with a spirit of self-sacrifice, beyond all praise, by the Sisters of St. Joseph. So vast indeed is the work, and so abundant tlxe means of carrying it on, which God in His mercy has placed at our disposal through the heroic devotion of the thousands who have thus offered themselves to our Divine Lord for the sake of His little ones, that we have deemed it opportune to undertake responsibilites for a more com plete organisation of our whole school system. Our chief sisterhoods will leave nothing undone to bring themselves into touch with the most modern improvements in teaching and discipline. They will appropriate, through certificated graduates of the best training centres in Great Britain and Ireland, not necessarily Catholic, what ever is deemed sound and progressive. From these main sources of our educational force, the spirit and methods will flow outward to ail our schools. Henceforward the people of these colonies can have no misgivings either as to the attitude of the Catholic Church towards the State on the place which the religion of Catholics must hold in any educational provision to which Catholics have a claim, or on the undoubted unanimity which prevails between priests and people on this important subject. Nor*ls it any longer a mere matter of conjecture what the future of the Catholic schools will be. That future is determined by the loyalty of Catholics themselves to their faith, their solicitude for the spiritual safety of their children, and by the unique economies which the religious associations of the Church bring to bear upon the practical solution of the •question. Our schools are assured. Whether our fellow-citizens wake up to a sense of national justice or not in treating this issue, we will go on as we have begun; we will not suffer our children to drink at the poisonous founts of a Godless system of knowledge. CONCLUSION. Dearly Beloved Brethren—On account of the special solemnity of the present occasion we have at considerable length addressed to you these words of spiritual counsel. And yet we know full well your devotedness to the faith, your earnestness in piety, your fervor in every work of charity. You are our crown and our joy. Your good name is mentioned with praise throughout the Churches of Christendom. It only remains for us to exhort you in the words of the Apostle to persevere with confidence and with joy in the paths of virtue—" Be not weary in well-doing. Rejoice, be perfect, take exhortation, be of one mind, have peace. And may the God of peace himself sanctify you in all things; that your whole spirit, and soul, and body may be preserved blameless in the coming of our Lord Jesus ■Christ. The grace of oui Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen." Given at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, the 1st day of December, 1895. 