The June© Ghost. Fob some time past persons who attend evening service at the Roman Catholic Church, Ju'nee, have' 'been 1 startled by seeing. a weird and uncanny . apparition which nightly took up a position in ii* meditative attitude at the foot of the hill. Descriptive accounts 'of 'its ap pearance yarietl considerably. , Some were.positive it resembled an old hairy man with a long and silvery : beard -and a countenance which' bore that mild and benevolent aspect peculiar to a man-who combines the duties of a church 'elder with the' directorship of a ! bogus bank, while the descriptions of others left the impression that it was something / which' wns a cross Iji-.twen a bunyip. and a load, of wood. One individual who lind re ' sided in a place named Kiama during a: ghost scare was certain it was a cele brated statesman who was enjoying a holiday. .up at Junee in his usual spor tive-fashion. A plucky resident : (may his shadow never grow less) determined to' solve the mystery or' know the reason why. ' ^So arming himself, with a breech loader ivnd 21 rounds of ammunition, !ie, as tlie shndes of night were falling fast, , quietly' wended his,, way'.-'. to the liaujited spot, and there . taking ; up; an entrenched position 011' his stomach quietly; vynited. Presently 'It' appeared but the : only thing lie could discern was two large eyes, which glowed with unnatural - brightness. .Now at the supreme moment, our hero's resolution never, wavered in the least, but with undaunted, courage, and with a voice rendered 'shaky ?'with emotion,- he called out, ' In the name of ; Queen Victoria arid tlie Empress of India, l eal) oii you to stand, or I'll fire I' It, stood, 'If you have'. anything to say spake but? In the name of St. Patrick',1 spake-!' Just here the apparition deliberately closed one eye, but remained, silent. ',' £11 ask you three times to 'spake, arid iflyou don't I'll gi.ve you the contents of both barrels I One, will you 'spake ? -Twice, ?will you . spake ? Third arid Inst time, will you spake ?' Bang? bang? arid a wounded cow dashes madly towards the distant horizon bellowing mournfully. Arid thus the Junee ghost was laid. — J unee Democrat. 