CKRCsULJUtt UJEA1). A VIOLENT SIOBM, The recent heavy rainfall wai weloomo to the farmlDg community, bnt would have proved more acceptable withent Ita hurricane accompaniment. Bain set in on Thursday laBt (Bih) with a atrong-eonti--east wind, which gradually increased to a fnrious gale. On the following day the wind aasamod hurricane force, and some anxiety was felt for the -eat ety of i h i wharves. Ballasted wilh E000 sacks of potatoes, tbe new jetty rode ont tbe gale, nnd ans Iobb of a few feet of railing. At tbe old wharf matters were extremely Jirely for some hours, and tho crews of the Bmall crafti bertbed alongBldu bad their bands full. Toe greats portion of the wooden parapet was dismantled, but tbe stonework of the old structure stood tbe test bravely, and no material damage resulted. Towards evening the wind -lulled, and the aea fell wilh a rspMIty that seemed to indicate a local a-isturbJDce. The injui y to household property at Burnley proved trifling when the extreme «talencc of the arorm Is taken into consideration. The verandah attached to tbe balcony of the Ucion Ilotel severed its connection with that wind doubling up the Btrong iron roofing as though male of pastcliojrd. The Bhop front wt juxe i/c«rtuB uutuuLnDK eHutuiiBami'Dl was blown into the street, and a hut, locally known as 'Bill ThompBon's look-ont,' too! a riebt half-turn with military precision gates, fencta, etc., gave tbe carpenters a buEy time on Saturday, but the solitary resident bricklayer did not get the ghost of a ehow. Judging from appearanccB, quite a much Blighter provocation, but there is no accounting for lack. Anyhow: It was the carpenters' day out, and no mistake. On heavily timbered lam-B the number of trees uprooted is something unprecedented, and the damage to growing crops will, it is feared, prove considerable. An instance may bc given where 70 trees fell upon a five-acre plotof potaoifi just showing over grouud. This signifies summary ejectment In the case of a struggling farmer or selector. We are as yet ignorant of the ana over wbich tbe Btorm raged ; but Oaptaln Reid, of the &.s. Vo'Ja, states that It extended as (ar west ward as Green Point, where he vaB Bhipplog produce. 