A Bicycle Bide for Life. \---t-- I intended to break the record, as the slang phrase goes-no very difficult mat- c ter, I reflected, so far as a Canadian winter record on the bicycle was concerned. To do so, however, required judgment. Ia knew that I had tie long rise into the t forest before me and I must reserve my strength for that. I went steadily on I I Iad crossed the level at last, and I knew I had done well. The light was I bright enough to see the time, but I decided to wait till I entered the forest. i It was no longer quite so easy to keep the I bicycle up to speed, There was more c effort in the pressure on the pedals, a little f itore sensation in the muscles of the legs a as I did so. I looked round. Yes, I had i already made a rise of a good many feet. t The slope was regular, but not steep I enough greatly to reduce my speed. As I t went I glanced from side to side-for I Ii was conscinus of the oppressive solitude of a the forest; but my pace was not retarded a a maomuent. One of the sleighing party had t (Ieen talking of wolves. The winter, it d seemed, had been an early one, and it cer tainly had been severe The wolves lie I had said, had been showing in packs not twenty miles to the north. There was not t a sound but the low crisp crunch of the a snow under the wheels of any machine, and even that seemed hushed and distant. Yet what was that ? Was it fancy, or did I hear something shrill, piercing, yet faint, in the far distance on my right hand ? Surely there was something- if it was only She wail of a distant gust of wind moaning I through the frozen pinesl I bens over I the bicycle and concentrated my energies upon facing the long ascent. There it was again? It was no wail of the. northern windi-no swaying of the frozen forest. It was the cry of a living thing. It was nature's savage complaint against the I pangs of hungerl 'Oa^id on we flew. There was not a breiait ta4 wind to dtir the lightest snow flake c?fthe tenderest spray, yet my hair was tl'o*wn back from my brow, where great drops- of perspiration now. gathered and began to trickle down my face. On and on I without, a thought but that of pressing forward, without a hope bhut that of reaching the descent of the slope, and the edge of the forest. And as I..went I knew that I was followed- From the dim arcades on my righlt camelfroin time to time a short gasping howl, cut short in the moment of utterance by the exertions of the chase. -They had seen me and now they were in full cry. It was a race for bare life. I leant forward, and threw every energy I' possessed into the one effort to press on. Thie.trees flitted past me like ghosts. The long hanging bouglls nearly brushed lay face as I swept past, the cold air blew in mny face and carried even the heavy fur of my cost behind me as I rulued through the night. And yet my pursuers did not lose ground. On the contary, they were gaining. Not quickly, not with a rusl ;.but slowly, font bIy foot, with a certainty that was deadly; with a monotony that was ghastly beyond ex. "pression. I clenched my teeth with fierce determination. I kept many eyes fixed on the line of light that stretched on an on in front, as if it would never end I Tie strain was telling on me now. There was' a wild buzzing in my head, there was a weary feeling growing in my limbs, thnre'.was a despairing sense of ueelessness of effort growing stronger in my mind. At any rate it was now that for the first time I saw something of my savage pursuers. There was a shadow on tily right-only a shadow, but no longer the shadow of a tree or branch. It was a .tead-a long isharp rnuzzle-the mouth open, the lower jaw hanging, the: ecre erect It crept on. Little. by °little.it. gained on me-an inch-only an inch at a time, but always an inch morel This siadow became a horror to me, At last? The long straight road made a curve to the right. Not a sh;rp anrvr, but quiieenough to bring ime to nlose quarters with my un tiring pursuer. I.4i lmoment as I pressed upon the Ilhndlei and followed the sweep on,the road hewas upon me. In a nlmoiient thbieshadow had 'given place to the sub istance-with -a. long panting, snarling growl a huge wolf was by my side. He was old, for I.could see that his hair was grey as it showed in the moonlight. His huge mouth was wide open, showing a row of formidable fangs, and his long red tongue hung from lis slavering jaws, Two eyes that glowed .like red coals gleamed fronm beneath the thickly matted hair that hung over his face. .There was a .look of exhaustion alout hihn that. for the moment increased the horror uof hiskp-. pearance. Involuntarily I swerved as he sprung, and his great jaws came together with a snap not san inch from my knee. Hiis leap had cost him something in speed, and he lie fell back quite half a yard before he recovered. The sight of him had done me good. The horror of his look was a change front the gathering horror of his pureeing shadow, and the change aroused me. My hand went in stinctively to thie handle of Bob's revolver. The familiar touch seemed to reassure me. I drew it from my belt. I weighed it in any hand so as to grow acustomed to it. I dared not turn in my seat, and yet 1 must get a shot at the grizzled leader of the pack.' Insensibly I slackened my pace for a second or two ; insensibly the huge head crept up once more to my hind wheel, to my foot, a little in front of omy foot I Once more he was gathering himself together for a spring. Once more his blood-abhot, hungry eyes were turning toward me as lie kept up his long leaping gallop. It was tie moment. Quick us thought I fired. The ball struck him--struck him, I think on the shoulder, fur with a fierce snarl, that seemed to express pain, disap piptitaent, and terror all in one, he rolled over all in a eraip allost against the rush ing wlilel of my blicycle. Tilere was a pause in the chase. Once more I turnredl to the trask. Once more I concentrated every energy to increase thie distance between my a ilf and my relentless pursuers. The welcome respite was but a short one. Mly head swam, dizzy with my exertions my lbrain rebled with the long excitement niy limbs grew numb and heavy under tilhe desperate strain, Tlhank God I I was on the duwnward slope. Thank God I thlere wes at least a prospect of escape. The descent made itself quickly felt. Exhaus ted as I lhad been, I coulln't have kent it much longer, and I must have been over taken. Down the long smooth slope we rueshed at a pace that was Inomuentarilv in crerasing. I looked behind me once nore. The wolves were following still, but they too were growing exhausted. [ glanced at the ascent beyond the bridlge; I glanced at the labouring pursuers behind oie-[ could do it still I I dashed at the bridge. I was across, and now the ascent was began. I bent over the bicycle, I forced my weary limbs to exert themselves once more. For fully a hundred yards the ascent was steep, and the exertion was terrible. Slower and slower I eemed to go with each moment. The perspiration poered from mny face myI legsend ankles burned as if steeped in Ihquid fire, [ clenched my teeth and gripped the handles as if for bare life, and at each slow turn of the wheels I seemed to mnyself to htear the panting of Sthe wolves behind me, Atlast I did it 1i At the top of the slope I turned and looked behind uo. The moonlight shone white on tile grey leader as he bounded on to thile bridge; two others followed hint closely, the rest were scattered behind thell on the road. Not one as yet had absohldoned the chase--not one as yet had given up hopes of the prey. I drew spy revolver from my belt once ilore, 1 rested the barrel for a Ilmomient on the handle of the machine. As the leader neared any end of tlle bridge I turnied and fired. I lit him. With a sharp howl lie sprang into the air and fell half acrore ithe parapet, then lhe turned over and I could see hii body glance whitely as lie plunged into the river below. Exhalsted as I was I found that I could stake an effort still. I coulld hear ntihing of the wolves, but yet for aulght I knew they ilighlt he following still. Ismagination supplied the place of slly dull senses, and I colldi fancy 1 heard their panting behind. me-I could even hisagine the sharp sclufing of their feet on the snow. Suddenly a broad streaml of light fell across the road. 'T'here was a sound of voices that sollnded strangely far away ; there were the figures of metn; though tlhey looked like thle omen we nee is dreamns. My bicycle swept on, bult I cculld no longer control it. Everything swam before asy eyes, my linmbs refuited to mlove any longer-I felt that I was falling falling-anl I was caught in Dr. Jack. son's strong armln.-- L"Scribner's Malailne.' 