THE GOLDEN ROCK. By ERNEST GLANYILLE, Author of "The Lost Heiress," "The Fair Colonist," "The Fosslokers," etc. CHAPTER XXIII.— A DUEL. Thoy agreed to keep back from Laura the alarming Incident of the night, and when she stepped out In the morning full of cu riosity they mado light of their strange visitor, and drow her attention Instead to tho huge body of tho old lion. But though tuoy would glvo her no cause for fresh anxiety, their minds were troubled and their glances continually roaming over the country for sign of the dangor they wero sure was preparing for them. "It is not right," said Humo, "that we should exposo her to theso terrors and risks." "True, my lad; and there is a look In her eyes already which I do not lllto." "What are you talking about so gloom ily?" she asked. "The fact Is," said Frank, gravely, "we have made a mistako In. bringing you Into this wilderness, and we think we should take you back to Pretoria, or, at any rate, to some farm where you could stay safely while wo returned from tho search." "Then something did occur last night," she said, looking from one to the other. "The lion occurred," said Webster, with- the ghost of a smile. "There Is nothing very terrible in a dead lion. You aro keeping back something from me." "We are just entering upon the most dan gerous part of our journey, and tho risks we have encountered are nothing compared to thoso we must expect, hut they have been 'bad enough to alarm us on your ac count. Wo feel that we cannot expose you to the dangers and strain of constant alarm." "You should know by this time," she said, slowly, "that I am prepared to en counter danger, and we .have already dlsr ovlssed and faced this very matter when we reckoned up tho difficulties and hardships ot tho enterprise. I am resolved to con tinue, unless my presence tires you." "Heaven forbid!" they muttered. "Then he. satisfied," she said, with a sad smile. "You aro relieved of tho responsi bility which you think due to mo because I am a woman, for if I knew death were awaiting mo over thero among those grim mountains I would not draw back." They shuddored. "Come," she said. "I have put Into words what was lu your thoughts. Toll me now what happened last night, and let me Judge whether the dangor be the greater." So they told her. "Now, see. If you had not told me I should have magnified horrors out ot tho unknown: but now the Incident sinks into the plot Of a cunning native to steal our oxen. These peoplo can havo no designs on our lives." They sat down to their llttlo camp table, and then for an hour afterwards they cut bundles of long grass for their oxen that night, as Humo was determined to make long treks until they reached the vlel or lake. The oxea wero then Inspannod, and they started, Hume going on ahead, Miss An- strade sitting In tho back of tho waggon with her little rifle, while Webster handled the long whip, and Klaas led . the oxen. : Thoy passed along a ridge, whoso wooded slopes sank to tho river, disturbing many troops of big game as tho waggon creaked and rumbled slowly on between huge ant hills, and In and out among aloes, standing like sentinels. At noon they reached the lip of the plateau, and below them stretch ed a wldo plain, where gleamed a largo ! sheot of water, with moving troops ot game around.' Hero they outspanned for the midday rest, and with the map before them | traced the route takon by Old I-Iurae, away to tho right, across tho river, through a , wide belt of reeds, which shone In the sun : like a white streak, then up tho far distant , range of rugged mountains. "I feel within mo tho glow of tho ex plorer who sees tho mists veiling tho bed of !a mighty and unknown river," said Miss Anstrade, as sho looked with kindling eyes over tho low-lying country. "But the way seems so easy that a horrible doubt arises. Surely someone must havo been before us?" "What do you think, Webster?" "It seems to mo to be plain sailing; hut no doubt a nearer view would open up reefs and difficulties." "Yes, difficulties enough. Now, see that belt" of reeds looking liko a ribbon for thickness, it must be three miles In width and saturated with water. It will, need a struggle to got through. Then thero is tho mountain to climb, aud a particular spot in It to find, and beyond that the dangers from thoso who are said to prpteot tho Rock; but before wo enter upon any of thoso tasks we have to roach that sheot of water, which must ho soino 20 mile3 off, and thero wo may ho forced to abandon our waggon." "Why should we; the country looks quiet enough?" . "Woll, our party Is too small to divide, and In anything wo attempt wo must ko<«> togother. As for. tho country being qulot, I can see smoko rising from tlirco different kraals, and depend upon It, as soon as the peoplo seo us they will swarm round, ready to beg, steal, or fight." The day was sultry, with a hot steam rising from the marshy lowlands, and they soon sought tho wolcome shade of the boa- hab, whoso wide-spreading branches sent down roots to tho ground. Tho ground bo- neath, In a wldo circle, had beon trampled haro of grass by buffalo and wild beast, which had horo reBorted to rub their tough hides against the rough stems; thoro wore tho remains, too, of old fires, and' on the pareut trunk, high up, whqro tho hark was smooth, tho handiwork , of somo roving white man, who had deoply scored, his Ini tials, . "It Is quite a fresh scar," said Webster, noticing tho marks. "By Jove, yos! and inaclC within Iho day; for, seo, hero aro pants of, tho old hark on tho ground. What Is It?'. D. II. — tho ini tials of my undo." ."But cut to-day!" exclaimed Wobstor. "No," said Humo, who had climbed up on a huge root, which stood out llko a but tress; "it Is an old scar re-opened." "Baas," said Klaas, warnlngly; "hero 'come men." They started round, snatched up thoir ri fles, and looked about, to see a small body at natives hesitating whothor to advance or ' not. "Advance," said Humo, In Zulu. Tho leading man nt once stoppod forward, tho others following, anil lu a few moments six stalwart natives, nrmeil with assegais and shields, wore looking curlopsly a. tlio small party ot whiles. "Greeting, Inkosc," said the leader. In hluop toiios, looking out of iho cornor of his eye at Miss Anstrade. "To you also," said Humo, quietly. Tho men stood silent for a full nilnulo; but their quick glances took In every de- tail, coming hack always to the slonder ! form of tho white lady. | "I conio from tho great chief Gungun- j llama, tho strong ono," said tho leader, i "and domand a present from tho Btraugcr." i "Demand," snld I-Iume. "Oh, aye, tho country is his, tho game In i It, and tho peoplo. Inlcose must , pay, or talto tho path ho has travolled." "You havo flown fast If you como from. Gungunliama, for his kraal Is six suns away." "My chief Is not ono who sends a word to oaoh white man who enters his country.' He moves himself only when ho wishes to strike, nnd Ills word Is spoken to little people through Ills Indunns." "So," said Hume, swallowing his wrath, "I havo a present for the chief; but I must know that tlio man I give It to Is tho one authorised to receive." "You are few, and ono of you Is a wo man," said the Zulu, coolly taking a pinch of snuff. "So I brought only theso mon. If your present Is largo I can bring a regi ment, that of Incomati, to-nighty and my young men aro quick to anger." This was a veiled throat that checked Hume, who had been disposed to carry mat ters with a high hand. "Sit," he said, "and oat. Klaas, give these men meat." Klaas did as lie was ordered, and the Zulus oyed him disdainfully at first, then i subjected him to a running fire of crltl- | cism. Presently he answered hack, and ono j of tho younger men struck at his shln3 with : a korrle. . ' I Tho Galka's blood was up, and, lunging , tho venison dowu In the ashes, he ran for his sticks, while tho young Zulu, with a jeering laugh, rose to his feet. "Drop thoso sticks, Klaas, shouted Humo, angrily. IClaas hesitated, then sullenly replaced his lterrles and turned' away, whereat tho Zulus laughed again. ' "It Is not fitting that we should serve ourselves," said tho Induna, "let this ser vant wait on us." , Humo called to. tho GalUa to attend .to the guests, but he clicked his .tougueaiid would not move. "Come," said Miss Anstrade, gently; do as you are told, Klaas." . . Thereupon Klaas moved slowly to the fire placed the kettle on to boll, and made coffee, while all tlio tlmo a running file o£ chaff was turned on him. ,-,. "It seems they want to provoke lilm, muttered Webster, with an unfriendly dance at the arrogant natives. "Yes " said Hume, "nnd 11 Is contrary to their custom, for Zulus are aristocrats." When tho visitors had fed Humo brought out from the waggon a roll of colored print, a railway rug, and a few knives, which he laid on the ground. The Induna regarded them contemptuous- ly and, after a long argumont, Hume added a couplo of blankets and a roll of brass wire to the articles. At a shout" from tho Induna four other men appeared ga thered up the presents and departed. Then tho Induna demanded something for him self and receiving a quarter of what he asked, presently rose, whereupon the young Zulu a tall and powerful savage, deliber ately emptied tho steaming contents of his pannikin over Iilaas's haro feet. With a bound Klaas reached Ills sticks, and this timo I-Iurae did not Interfere. "You will not let them fight," implored Miss Anstrade. "Yes," said Hume, "Klaas comes of a trlbo who have no equals In tho use of sticks, aud ho will teach this young bruto a lesson. Now," ho continued, turning to the Induna, "you wish theso men to fight. Let them; hut If ono of you raise a"hand to holp I will shoot him." Tho Induna smiled contemptuously. "A Zulu Is better than three slaves nnd sons of slaves. My man will beat him; but you must not help either. Lot them battle In the open nnd we will stand here." Miss Anstrade oast ono shuddering look at tho two men; then, suddenly running forward, she dipped her handkerchief in the water, bade Klaas lift- his foot, and made a bandage round the inflamed ankle. Then sho climbed into tho waggon and stopped her ears to the fierce sounds of tho strife. IClaas threw his head back and shouted tho Galka war .cry, then rolled a blanket about his left arm, aud moved forward with his long ironwood korrle outstretched. He was an older man than tho Zulu, shor ter, and' thinner, and Ills much-patched clothes mado his movements appear awk ward when compared with the agile grace of tho almost naked Zulu, whoso smooth skin shone llko satin. Ill his left hand tho Zulu held a long shield, while he twirled In his right hand a short but heavily-knobbed korrle. "They aro not fairly matched," growled Webster; "and that fellow has a further advantage in his shield and heavy stick."; "Tho Galka does not think so. Look at his face." I The small eyes of the ICafflr glistened like those of an nnlmat, and he followed ovory movement of the Zulu, who was going through a performance by which he meant to strike his opponent with terror at his prowess. He leaped into tho air, bounded from side to side, danced on his toes, twisted, turned, struck at the ground — all the time accompanying theso antics with shouts and deep grunts. "Enough," said the Galka; "these aro for childron. Stand still nnd flglit." Tho Zulu paused astonished, then, with his shield beforo him, he advanced, crouch ing to tho attack nnd springing suddenly into the air struck swiftly a blow that would have sottled the fate of Klaas had ho not been prepared; but springing lightly to ono side, ho rapped his enemy across his broad back. . The Zulu bounded forward out of reach, turned, and again advanced impetuously, ' his glaring eyeballs showing above the feathored tuft at tho end of his shield. j This tlmo Klaas did not wait, but swing- ! ing Ills five feet of tough lterrle he de livered, in rapid succession, three sweeping blows, ono at tho head, tho next at tho body, and tho last at tho bare toes, and then springing back to keep tho proper' j distance for a tolling blow. Tho Zulu I rushed In again to be again beaten back ! by blows delivered with lightning rapidity, ; one of which drew tho blood from his fore- j head; then he sprang from sldo to side, i advancod, retreated, and feinted, until his \ movements were almost too rapid to fol low, and at last bounded forward with stick j uplifted. ! "By Jove,' muttered Webster, "he will ' kill lilm." Tho Galka has his korrle trailing from his side, aud as tho Zulu hounds through tho, air he makes a sweeping blow upwards, which, falling full on tlio Zulu's elbow, ! makes him drop his stick. As it falls, j Klaas knocks It away with a back- handed ! blow, and springs between ft and his foe. i Thero Is a fierce cry from the Induna, a | triumphant shout from the two white men, ; and tho tall Zulu, standing with his arm at his side, looks with blood-shot eyes and curling lips at the despised Kaffir. a mln-' j uto ho stands panting heavily, then Ills hand steals behind his shield, and he draws- forth a short-shafted long-bladed stabbing assegai. j "Stop!" thunders Hume. "It is a fight," said the Induna, sullenly fingering his assegai. '(All right, my baas," said Klaas, and, with his left arm across his body, ho shakes his stick. < j Tho Zulu throws forward his shield at' full length, and walks forward warily, de-'» tennlnod to got in one stab, Ills right arm held back out of reach of that whirling stick. "It Is mnrdor," said Webster, hoarsely. Twlco the long blade darts out like Iho j tonguo of a snaltn, nnd 'tlio second time it j pierces the Galka's thigh; but the Galka is. not idle, and the air whistles to his rush ing blows, and the drumming on the hard slilold is continuous. Still the Zulu presses relentlessly, though tho blood Is trickling over his face, and his shoulders show tlio marks of angry blows. At last he gives his- war-cry, "Zulu," and throwing his shield above Ills head, ho makes ono llerco thrust , Tho hlado is caught, however, In tlio folds i of tho blanket, and the kerrlc comes with a ; sounding crack across tho unprotected skins ; bringing tlio Zulu to tlio ground. Klaas ; picks up the assegai, and thrones his hand j buck to stab, hut Humo, oxpcctlng this, has roachud his side, and seizes Ills wrist. Then tho prostrato Zulu bounded to Ills feet, anil ran to his friends for another assegai. _ "Enough," cries Ilumo, sternly. "Go!" In live minutes the little party are left- alone, tho Induna and Ills followers having moved off without a word. Aro you hurt, Klaas?" snld Ilumo. while Webster Is shaking the Kaffir by Ills bruised and bleeding hand. . "Nell, baas; tho Zulu Is no good with korrle. Will baas glvo mo supjo brandy. Tho Baas gives him two, which Klaas drinks with a smack of his lips, then, witu Ills eyes still glowing, ho swells out Ills chest, and sings his song of victory. An hour afterwards, when his wounds liavo hocon looked to, tlio order Is given to inspan. Tho oxen wero grazing noar tho waggon, when tlio Zulus appeared; hut now thc.v aro missing. A few mlniiles' search shows them far down the plain, being driven away, whllo tho sun shines on the spears of a large number of blacks seated In a circle behind them, (To ho continued.) 