Fitzroy City Press. FRIDAY, JAN. 24th, 1896. A.N.A. Day — Monday. Income Tax troubles again. Curlew moonlight bay excursion, Tuesday. Owners for a black horse, and white and red cow wanted. The heat wave ncasing a good deal of apprehension, especially among those who seem haunted by the fear of getting into some warmer sphere before their time. Major Purchas fined for not producing railway ticket when required. Those who have discipline to enforce, should to discipline bend. Good news for those interested in the flax- growing capacities of the land. The acreage bonus to be granted in full. So the flax growers are going ahead again. In new industries is Victoria's hope of salvation. Poor Prince Henry of Battenberg has at last shuffled of the mortal coil which has wound so uncomfortably about him since his marriage. The qostioa of precedenco has been finally decided for him at all events. If the T rnshaal- episode has revealed the isolation, that was averred to be England'sa weakness, it has revealed her strength still more clearly, and-" there'll be no Aar" is now heard from Germans and I British alike. Owing to the great success achieved by t Dan. Barry's popular company in the ' Roll of the Drum," this stirring drama will be continuedfor one week longer, and those who have not visited the Alexandra should not miss this opportunity of doing so.. Mr. T. S. Rowe. who has commenced business as an auctioneer in conjunction with khi house and land agency, held a very sncceafoul sale of furniture, etc.. at his rooms, 110 Brunswick-street, last Tuesday, and notifies another sale next Tuesday afternoon at 2.30. There is a small contingent of snakes loose in Fitzroy. It is said that no less than seven have escaped from the residence of a snake charmer, and one has been killed in a neighboring house. Six remain to be despatched, and intil the last of the lot is extirpated there will be a snake scare on. Mothers of the colony think it unreason able on the part of anybody, to expect them to display a patriotic interest in the A.N.A. fete, when they have only just got the children hack to school, and for the schools there will most probably he a Foundation iDay holiday. The A.N.A. will find they have founded something decidedly warmer than the spirit of patriotism, if they don't fix on some other date, say paters and matera both. Houses on wheels have been qoite a featoreof late. Quite a number have been shifted from different parts of other suburbs up Bronswick and North Fitzroy way. It would be interesting to know the reason rwhy houses are removed from good or attractive sites, to many that are uinvriting in the extreme. I sonoe cases, good houses have been moved into localities where they are faced by or next dar, ta ousas that were'.more pretentionas in every way, but are now 'pictures of' desolation and decay. laid waste.- Truly there are seone miserable nights tobe seen in Marvelous Melbourne and its suburbs. On the 28th the grocers give a picnic. Then.Moran and Cato's disport themselves at a like al fresco entertainment a week or two after. The butohers are preparing for one likewise. The bootmakers honor St. Crispin by the light of the moon, and other moonlight excursions are to come off at t regular intervals, or rather odd, between this and Easter, and it seems as if the metropolitan world meant to a.picnicking go. What an immense amount of trouble would I be saved if all could go picnicking at once. The song of the Sirens, "Let us hike ere we strike," and the result is to be, say the prophets, that either strike or arbitration, will ever be needed. This bears out what 1 Zimmerman the cyclist avers, and that is that those who indulge in cycling exercise, generally feel at peace with allthe world after. Me does not say whether those who come to grief feel quite at peace with mother earth or not. Much annoyance has been caused of late in Nicholson street by boys gathering and gossiping about the pillar boxes, as soon as othe policeman's eye is off them. Ladies especially find it very distasteful to have to request frowsy lads who have not the politeness to do so without being asked, to move, and it is not unembarrasing to have to post letters while a number of grinning youths are looking on. The Australian youth it is said, must have something to lean against, but it seems as if that some thing should be. provided .by themoelves, and not by the Government. The increase of State. school exhibitions viewed oIth increase of. difavour, for the "' poor man with bright sons " or persevering daughtcrs, avers pretty generally that there has never been the ghost of a show for either of them, to secure the State school exhibitions: The only chance ot the ex hibitions going to the persons or clms in tended by the Minister, lies in the restrict fig the competition for them, to those whoso parents can show that they are not able to py for the tuition to which the scholarships lead the way. Until this is done they will go to the class who are able to afford the Se?pen se of training their, children for any caloing they may elect to follow. At the meeting of the Fitzroy Branch of the A.N.A. held on Tuesday evening last, of the report and balance-sheet for the half r. year ending December 31st, 1895, was read d. and adopted. The balance-sheet shows that the branch is in a thoroughly sound financial of position. During the period under review there has been a large increase in members despite the general depression. There are 255 financlat and 30 honorary members on the roll, and 30 uefioancial meinbers. The receipts for the half year amounted to £169 2l . The branch has £1138 15s. 6d. bearing interest. At the conclusion of the an bosiness of the branch, a debate on the sub ad ject of a spiritual existence, took place Mr. J. Dunn affirming thenegative, and Mr. Bow y, manr the affirmative. 