SKETCHER. MY AUN!iT ADVENTUE. mT ocrnolz Dorseat srira. The following incident i a strictly true aceount of an adventurlthat heppmnli to my sunt, more than fifty years go, in the city of London. We were all gathered around the Clilst. mas fire, and, as was our wont, af;er the fes. Lirities of the day, were telling ghost st'ries. It was a sort of custom in our fatuily to tell weird and ghostly tales on that evening. On thia particular night our Aunt Alici was present, and after rame persuatdiig, con. eclted to tell us something that happened nt her when a girl " What I am going to tell is not a ehoot tnry. It is an adventure tha', hof!eli rnn itomy yrun,- when 'Burking'wa a acoiton rrime. N'sdou')t .tun all know aihtl l.1t nii;r.r. nm a cie occurred not long hgo io ltHti.udr.,. Fcr tbhos wno do not undetar'id I wiil etl!,in. "In thore da3s the oppfrtunities of pro cu'rirtg hdti fir mid.cl rxp.sition Lad ijtitnction were limited. Th situlemin r.and prolesiore w(re tlir lorc comi(pelliel to reroit to all eorts of uniierharnd iinmesai, rue'i a rmtbilv cth rclhyr.r'l rrid ritli:, twrn:i1. flt lilikas to.ld noo ba trocurIrd lat noplsh iven by such means. 'Ir.'?r now nrper.rd a lnan who invented a i'!?: for whiclh he b-caro nutoriou.. A Iki.ou ell.d IBule. ',-is wr'ech woul! hire seine ri:ian to st.lH tip behind a man or woman and throw a 1o'tiful sticling; p.liter ovtr his %ictim's miouil. Sircsi gl'aion would shortly enrtd and the murderer would then take the body to no mediciisl college and sell it for a high p.ire, as it woudc be free from all fracture. Tris was what we understood by 'Barking,' an:,. alas I it accounted only too truly for iadity of the mysterious disappeartance in tho.e dayp. " Wie Cwre living at the time of my adven ture in the heart of the Modern Babylon.' One night father and I acre lef alone in the ,nlr;, the rest of ti"i family having gone to vi~lt lome friends. We were talking together in his itudy, when he suddenly rememberel that he had an important communication to r"ev to my nccle. "' Oh, child. I am sorry they have gone out7' he exclaimed. " Why ?' I asked. 1 Your uncle should hare got that letter without fail to.night, and now it is impos. Sibe!.' S'Cannot I go?' ' Absurd! No, child, under no circum. atneos.' • - Oh, but father.' I continued, ' you know it is not far to uncle's, and the streets are !iihted all the way. I must go. I shan't be aore than half an hour; nothing on earth can happen to me.' " am afraid I was rather fond of bav. ic; my own way in those days; for go 1 did, with the parting admonition, 'Don't stay at your uncle's, but hurry home,' ring log in my ears. " My urcle's hIcnte was about a mile from ours. Tuare were two ways of getting to it; o;e, by a read. although it took longer, was c?l lilghted; the other was by a cross-cut through numerous small street and alleys. " Tue nibht was cold and damp. After a fstal: walk I rseched my uncle's, gave my r,-a;,- and tie vailuible letter, and was aboue to go when one of my cousins, running ip to me, said, "' Oh, Annie. can't you stop aminute and ceC mv new drrc*7" " '4 IWll l stop one minute and no longer,' I trep!ej. " But ore minute was prolnged to two, C3d two to thre'l, a.d still I lingered. The now dreao was so:býirbingi a topic that it hbs b-nished my lsther's wordc entirly rnm my mind. I do not know how long I should hare stayed had not my eye at last caught night of the clock, and I dsw to my dismay that it was hillfpait nine. The parLing woras of my lAther came to my mind, and I was heartily berry for my thoughlcs dis. oordirince. " * Ob. girls, I most go I don't say another! rocrd I GJod-by.' " Throwing on my cloak and seizing my hit, I rushed down stairs. I almost ran now, in miy haste to make up for lost time: Suddenly the thought, 'since you are so late, why not take the short cat?' came to my aind, and I ccted upon it immediately. "Tnore were only a few people in the ftree:t as I walked home, and they seemrd to .rt fewer as I spproachod what had been pinted out to mnis ' Thieves' Alley.' Pact .,'lnmy little shops, which D;ckena so r::rvellou?ly describes in his great works. ad past nonmerous odd turnings, I horried. Thr,,,.h ' Tniree' Alley.' quie ad a mouse, I r:ol'. I had passed tie worst now, I though.t. * I next ca.ne to a street bounded on both sid - e-y "il.-pidated houses. Tno place was so t. tt, that I heart the echo of my owtr foot:eroe. I do not know what it was, but a feeling of imoenling dsoger s3 fell upon' my mind I stopped andlismned The str-etl wa- slient and desetsed. 1 crept along with. jye and ear straine. to catch the slightst Annrd. I had reached the middle of the black when I hrerd a step behind me. B-. fore I could look around my arms woer sei.ed, and a terrible weight was pressing ituo my back. I tried to scream but my throat eemed paralyzed with fright. I was in the hands of one of the 'Burke' gangl lIe hfil been lying in wait for me, and would kil moe I " Oh, the horror of that moment ! I shall never forget it. The ralinu t' c began to draw my arms t"grether. I saw his purpose II wanted to hold my arms with one hand, so that with the other he might pot the dreaded plaster on my face. Suddenly a thought-it was God.given came to my mind II I could wrench my arms free at the moment he would hold theon with his one hand I might escspe. Slowly he brought my armn together. His powerful hand was already grasping my wrists when, with a:! the nervous passion of dispair, I threw my two fists back over my shonlders, and struck the villain full in the face. An oath, followed by a fall, was all I heard, Iflew. Cirlecan run as well as boys sometimes. But horror : the wretch was following me. Footsteps rattled en the pavement behind. I tore on, buit my broath was going. My pursuer was rapidly approaching, still I reeled on, when -rspture never to be forgotten-I saw a 'i,eter,' (that was what they called a police. man in thllose day) approaching. The foot. ltpes behind ma topped. I was esed I " I gained the highway and reached our booe'. In order to gain the instant atten ticn If thore inside, I thrust my arm through bhe front nindow. There was a orash, and I fell fIioting on thie steps. Father eome run. uing out and carried me in, whre aMte ' time I told him all "That is my adventure; and in oncolusion, my annt continued, " I trust no one of you wiil ever hbar to undergo such an ex. pericoce." Tom Campbell once told an amusing 'inry of an in'lelcnt that hat hlaplpned to him in a small country inn when travelling in Scotland. Hie hatl been stopped by thb weather In the afternoon, hatl ilined, an'd in. .iu!.ed hiimself with a toothpick to while :awvy the idiue :iter.hutr. Enter chamb:-rmaid : * Sir, if you please, are you dune with the toothpick ?' *' Why do you ak ? I suppose I may pick away as long as I like 1" " Na, na, ye canna dlae that, sir, for it be. lang's to the club, and they bac been met m'naist an hour I" The following story of Scotch pulpit nritichin ea- lI to be told by an eminent Jiriun: A clergyman in the country hail a strmnger preaching for him one day and meeting his bchdle,asid to him: " Well, Sauntlers, how did you like the .'rmon today 7 " *" I must aay, sir, it was rather over llail and siniple for me. I like thee sermons best tihat juables the joodgement and confounds the sens. Oh, sir, I never saw ane that could *oa no ta ?.r."' at that." Prince Bismark is the most decorated man in Europe. Shoulde ever arppear wear ing insignia of all th ordera conferred upon him nhe m old -l sbl so Qthalntl prinoe 