tAuL Rzomns IESflRVD~j NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. By the author of "TErai SEiTON :" Jleie E ELVI,.LL :" " Lcs, mu FACToRo GiRn," " EusrAc?tic, UIYrcAt." ¢haptcr ~g,-CONTINUED. / " I heard moroeof my master's secrets still," answered Nelly-"something that merely concerned myself." ) "What!" exclaimed Albert. "lie has been plotting against you, too ?" S"You shall judge," replied the girl. "From what I overheard, I learned that my father made a will, by which I shall get all the property my uncle has taken possesi.on of. The will was in master's hands, and he made a bargain with my uncle to keep it back- master to get fifteen hundred pounds for doing so." i "The rascals!" said Albert through his set teeth. S"But," continued Nelly, "Mr. Chipps means to overreach my uncle in the matter; for he gave my uncle a copy of the will, which the latter thought was the real one, and which he ,urned. The real oie, how ever, as in a secret drawerin master's cabinet. lIe doesn't dream that I know that." "lIf it cosld only be got hold of," said Albert. SNelly continued-" The copy which he gavemy uncle wasr in the closet, and whenhe came in for it~ discovered nme." ( "Confound ij'at was unfortunate; and what was the resaut F" " I was kept a close prisoner in an attic room for a week;: then they put me into a large box and brought me here, where for some weeks I have been confined in an empty room-Walsh being my gaoler." "Confined in the same house!" exclaimed MIargaret. ; "And my husband, where is he?"' asked 7Mrs. Walsh. trembling with aritation. I "He took ill of a fever yet rlrday," an pwered Nelly, "and to-night became deliri ous. In his madness he wanted to kill me, when I made my escape from the room, and fled from chamber to chamber, hlie pursuing me with a knife. At last I saw a ray of light from your room, and pushing against a brick it fell, and I cried for help, and you mercifully saved me." S"And Walsh, where is he now?" inquired Everyone, in great excitement. I "I know not," answered Kelly. "iHe was knocking wildly on the door of the room when I sprang through the aperture." "Wicked as he is, he must not' beo left alone in the madness of fever," obserrved Albert. "Oh! let us go and find him," pleaded his wife. " HIe to my husband, and I loved him once." SThey all hastily rose, and the young men getting lights, they proceeded to the paint ing-room, with the intention of passing through the hole in the partition in search of Walsh. They found him lying, however, on the floor, where he had fallen before the picture, and the knife beside him. He was still insensible: but they raised him, and converying him to another room, stripped him and laid him upon a bed, his much-injured wife and Margaret Clqayton re maining to watch by the couch. Cbaptcr ri. )IEMORSE, REPENTANCE, AND FOR . GIVENESS. SIt is necessary that we should briefly ex plain how it happened that Nelly, on making good her escape from Walsh, fell into the protection of Deborah Dickson andl the rest. And this leads as back to the night, or rather early morning, when Margaret and Mrs. Walsh were rescued from the house in That New Year's Day waos spent in con sidering what their future course should be. For most of their sakes it was found highly necessary to leave Leeds. Neither Deborah eaor Harry was safe there; and Mrs. Walsh iand Margaret were both anxious to get out !of the reach of Walsh and BIob P'reston. 'Albert Clayton cared little where he lived, as far as personal safety was concerned, for, as his enemies thought him dead, there was no fear of him being hunted after. But, as he still wished to leave Lady Clayton and Chippe, the lawyer, under the impreesion that he was removed out of their way, it was important that he should neither be seen nor recognised in the city. IHe, therefore, was inclined also to leave Leeds. The only other nembers of the party were William Sime and his mother, neither of whom apprehended ;any danger either from Walh or Bob P'res ton; but William was a fond and devoted Iover, and if Margaret was to depart, he ould not think of remaining behind. In the consideration of this question one important element required to be taken to account, and that was the financial. iiam Sime was a journeyman watchmaker and could find employment in any large town; but Albert Clayton had never yet learned a subsistence, and the difficulty with him was how to do it. It was highly necce sary that it should be done. IHe happened to have a few pounds in his purse, and a smledid gold watch in his fob, when im -e.'ed in Waterloo Lake, andon further ex aintion he found a valuable diamond pin in h rarvat. These, if sold, would supply ithe demand on him for a shabort while, but as .he knew .-ot how long he might require to trnst to his own resources, he thought it would be "ise to use the prpduce oldy for .his necessitie'. He felt that it would be more desirable\to earn something, not only for his own wars, but for those of the ladies who were so fa.t thrown on his care. liHe was long time 'uzzled to think how this might be done. '\'rious plans occurred to him, most of which were abandoned as im practicable almost a•soon as formed. At length one bright ideas.truek him, and it ap. peared so feasible that he stuck to it. For fJyear past he had been a\most enthusiastic amateur photographer and he thought that •by buying the apparatus and all things ne',es sary he might realise something by the art. IfWith this view he sold his gold watch and diamond pin, and lhought the requisite in struments anld chemicals. The only qus:i,,n now was where to go to put the sxlorimtent to the test. A very short conu:ltatien h-, tween Williamn anl hlimself made th,.m fix en Manchester, and ths'y at once remourd thitlher and were f..rturate in find!in an s.mptyi house. Wil!;arn sitne at en,'e g?-t rtploy. ment in a wat,'hm:kini~ ,-.ta.hlihmnt ; and Albert, utnd, r the d,-ignatin of 3lor:i.eur La Fecre. cnnmmn.cl' lu-Iners as a pht, graphr. l, su 'ild al miraly, and w.is larrely patreonie.l--llarry 'min; a inst ifll ciert asci-tant Io him. In his leisure helur be wrou'it at an (,il paintin-, whih L, . ,thought of e, nling to the n,.xt Exhititin taking for his subj',ct tbh inmid,.t on the Lake when he nearly Lbcame the vietinm ,f iWalsh. At this painting he was lathurineg, with IHarry as his delighted helper, whent 'eUly dcmandel his ail. For the few weeks in which thy had livl in this secluded manner in 3Maneheter thy had ben veryr comfortab!e and happy, often wondering among; themselves hos Ne lly ,rou!d be getting on with her mashter, and what would be hr conjecture, as to the non ,pp.arance of Dib,,r.h in W?\,dlou'e-lane -with news of IIHarry. Fr.q:'.ntly they dthosght of communicating with her. but the -isk they thereby ran of betraying to their .enes~:s the place of their retreat kept them Ier.&. Little did they dream that the sub ject of their solicitude was confined at a few rooms' distance from them under the gaoler. ship of Walsh. Her singular and unexpected appearance amnong themn was hailed with extreme satis faction. She had not only escaped from the camp of the enemy, but she came laden with all their secrets. Nelly's escape would bring matters to an issue; and Albert Clayton, who felt that with him lay the duty of taking action, was puzzled how to proceed. The situation was a very critical one. Lady Clayton and Chipps would fight the battle unscrupulously, and with the fiercst deter, mination. lie was likewise aware that they had a certain advantage on their side, inas much as they would compel him to prove, first of all, larry's identity, and then his legitimary-two things difficult at all times, and doubly so here on account of the private manner in which his parents had been mar riedl. The chief witness to both matters was Deborah Dickson. Ponldering over these things, Albert Clay ton at length came to a resolution which gave him great relief. He resolved to consult his father's former solicitor-Mr. Ball-whom Lady Clayton had dismissed when she came into power, and put the management into the hands of Chippe. He would call upon him and lay before him all the information of which he was himself possessed. For the present, however, he decided to do and say nothing till an issue was reached in the illness of Walsh. The latter still lay delirious under his violent fever, his wife and Magagaret watching closely beside him. Not withstanding his cruelty, his neglect, and injustice, that patient, loving wife tended his sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his burning brow as he lay uncon scious of everything but his suffering, and striving to do herutmost to alleviato hispain. In this merciful and loving ministration she was zealously assisted by Margaret, who likewise forgother loathing and hatred of the man who would have blasted her lifo and consigRned her to misery. In his helplessness and affliction she was ready to return good for evil, and day and night remained by his couch, rendering him attentions which could not have been excelled by a daughter's affec tion. Occasionally Deborah, and Mrs. Sime and William, and even Albert Clayton, visited the room, though the latter cared not to ap pear in the sufferer's sight lest he might re cognise him, and be filled with increased horror at beholding what he could only con sider as the spirit of the murdered victim. Por'twenty days Walsh lay unconscious under the power of the fever, his natural rugged strength and the vigour of his cbon stitution sustaining him under its severity, though the watchers could see that every day he grew weaker. The doctor who was called in did his utmost to check the disease, but his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on a mild March afternoon, as his wife and Margaret sat silent in the room listening to his breathing, which had for some time been soft, low and regtlar, he stirred slightly, and when they looked they saw him open his eyes and gaze at them with intelligence. The wild blazing light of insanity was gone, the burning flush had left his face, and a almness rested on his features. He looked steadily at both of them for a few seconds, then his eyes wandered round the apartment, and his countenance mani fested surprise. "Wife," he said, in a low voice, "what place is this we are in? This is not our house." "No, James," she gently answered. "Do you feel yourself better now?" "Better?" he repeated, "what's the matter with me f" " You have been very ill." " Hlave If? Nonsense. I have hid but a long sleep, that is all. I must rise now." lIe tried to sit up, but to his surprise found he could not crven lift his hand to his head. IHis utterweakness told him what she said was true. "I have been ill, have I F" he muttered. "Ithought it was just a long had dream. What has been the matter with me, and where are we? At Keighley's ?" "' No, James," she replied. "We are in Manchester." "Manchester?" he repeated, gazing at her in astonishment. "What are we doing in Manchester? Ah, wait a bit," he sud denly added, my head is strangely confused, but it is getting clearer." lIe lay for some time in deep reflection, which they did not care to interrupt. Eri dently the recent past was coming to his re membrance. "I recollect all now," he said; "but where is the girl--she was with me when I was takn ill." Mrs. Walh riplicil by narrating the par ticulars of Nl!y', fli;ght. and how both she and himself had ch:ls:~igd lquartrs. " Ar.d that we. l.'t night," he ,aid. ".Oh, d' arn. nlaoin,.. It was three, weeks ago You hav 1, a dl.iriiu all the11 tilme, and Margaaret anrt I ha:ve watVLheL over you." l1 fixte union hter a l..k of intense as tonivsihment. " But how do se(, haiIpp n to be here '" hei asksl aftr c?n?',.rall,, paus. " We did nt think it right to remain in ,.eds after--aftr yin night," 'els' replissl, striving to infu,- nto rel;lshsll into h, r tInse, " and we cam,, here, atl hala . b.',n h.re. ever sinee; but, Jam,., I think you lhulhl not speiak any more now-yotu are very weak, and require repose." le gave her anther p eutliar glance, atl a blush of shame glowel for a motment on his face. " I blieve you aren, right, wife," he said; "but I suIppose it i all up now with Chipps and Lady C!layt,o,. T,. girl w, ult go ri'ht off anl t, ll the wh,4 lbat' is sf veerIds. 'Th la y.r. I expect is in priron, ant I will lbe tak'n tl.r" .s4 esi): a' I ra be tlovel. It is v, ry kiri ,f you, Mary," hle a;ddel, iitterly, S, ry kind Uof you to pIreserve te fromT the g'a!low.." " lluh, James, do not sl.ak so," Ihe all sa.rc. "' Nlly is in this htlls.'-she hasll sr l r.t i:, and has toIld nothing except to " tl:.y-u are-yout nu-t bLe deiring me. Tb. girl would take the first oplsortunity to 1.. '! to LIlts." " Inli, lJamtns, I tam l not dsciviln:g you," :ail Li!i a ife, earnevtly. "' What I say io tIra. --every word; and you know I never " No," returned Walsh, slowly "' but it the girl be here, I mitt see hter. I shall thuen l satisticel. " I will brintg her," said Margaret, rising ndl leaving the room. In a fesw minutes shn returntl, aecom parie'l bI ly Nelly, who went forwardl to his tb.-hi,.. an'd said she was glad to know he was estos what better. " You have niot been to ILedse" Is said. " I have not." she rp'lied. " No one clir, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, anrd I protnise nlut to do or say anythin;g in the matter at present." Thisi assuran'e s~etmed to satisfy Walsh, forhe turnote his head to ths other side of the bvi, andi irnsediately sank into a deep slep. Fir moany days after this hlie lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, but very weak-helpless alnuost as a child. Patiently and utwcariedly his wife tended cB ca The while, doing her utmost to pro. enoio his comfort anti restore his i striigtli. 11e receicel her attentions in silence, but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if ('i during mental suffering; and this lie was silently experiencing to a greatextimit. Laid upon that bed of sickness, and unable to chase away reflection from his mind his wasted life presented itself before him in all its hideous deformity. First of all, he thought how little he deserved such kindnesa' at the hands of his wife. Justly might she have left him to himself in his agony and helplessness, for lie was aware how utterly he had crusbesd out of her bosom the loyt she had once horns him, and how completely hle had placed himself beyond thie pale of her sympathy. Yet here she was a close atten Jant by his sick bed, watching him with the most tender solicitude, smoothing his pillow so gently, anticipating his wants, and sup plying them ore they were uttered. All this cut him to thIs heart. It was heaping coals of fire on his besd, and no more effectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpa bility. What is there on earth more terrible to en dure than the pangs of remorse! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when the soul, deep. stained with sin and crime, becomes conscious of its guilt, and sees that guilt is the light of moral truth. Then there is nothing but a fearful looking for of judgment and fiery in dignation. But this is not all-this is not the worst; tboh judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it there is somethingliks the satisfyingasose of making atonement; but joined to this there is an aching void of regret and self- reproach, which fills the soul with sorrow too henry to sustain. Walsh felt this in all its horror, for he thought of the time when first he folded his youthful, blooming Mary to his heart, and whispered to her words of love. What suffering had he brought upon her, and how dilerent it might have been! But now-now he was the worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity. For days these awful thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonialng to be restrained, and in very desperatioi he gave elpression to them. It was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by his bedside alone. She thought he was sleeping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look up sha saw a strange and' unexpected sight. 11cr husband was not sleeping, as she had sup posed-he lay gazing ittently upon her, and an unshed teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that she could only sit and look at him. "Mary," said he, "how is it that you and Meg bhre been so kind to me in my illness, though I have used you both so ill, and you knowthat I committed the worst of crimes ?" " Because we bear no malice, James," an swerel his wife. " This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as we bare done, and our blessed Saviour set is the glorious ex ample. Your conduct has grieved us-deeply grieved us-but our feelings are more those of sorrow than of anger. We bitterly lamen ted your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake." "And yet, Mfary," groaned Walsh, in a tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, "you have cause to hate me as badly as woman ever hated man. Don't you remember when I wooed and won you in the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish you through life ? It was then that, believing my fair promises, you confidently laid your head upon my shoulder and gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that, Mary?" " Yes, James, I remember well," sobbed the wife, through fast rising tears. "Many years have passed since then; but what have they brought to you? Misery, wretchedness, and woe. Hers I lie this evening, all that is vile, and with the damn ing weight of human blood upon my soul; and there you r4t, a wronged and betrayed wife, robbed of joy and peace, anil all that makes life comfortable. I have thought of this as I never thought of it before. Not till I lay in my helplessness, and saw you watcb ing devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream-would that I could live my life orer again. But the wish is in rain. I am lost, accursed, and self- damned." " Hush, James; do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. "This blessed book tells us there is hops for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you hare been par doned, addn-" " That is not, cannot he true," interrupted Walsh, hastily. i A minre wickeld man than me never lived. No ripentanie can eare me. One deed I have done which shuts the door of hope egainst me. I am a murderer." Mrs. Walsh was silent. She was sure he was alluding to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him -at least before she had taken counsel of others. " Ican make no atonement for my deeds," continued the remorseful man; but at least for the murder I can die. If I recover from the illness, it will only ie to give myself up to justice, confess the crime, and suitor for it." IHis wife rose in great agitation, and with a burs'in.g heart prnreeled towards the iloor. "Don't leave me, Mary," pleaded Walsb. "I will return immediately," she an swred. and vanished as she spoke. She was gone for ,usie little timi, whin she ag sin i-it' red the orits, and taking a es at by the bed, laid ber band on tths sink lnu'a arm. "Janus," she sail in a so!tliti, imtIirI'%iCe tone, "-you were iiielsot guilty i-f snr awful crime in that f.urfiil tijuht on Waterlo Lake. &\- far as your intention and 1lhf sent, coii tbhr- f- oIully tur-Icrest Albort Claytot." I di-1 dii,' groaned Waists hidi-ts ,lii fa- c- with sony ban-I. " lnt," cotitituocI his wife, ' I have stratige to-si to tell you. A miii rciful l'ro cit-te-.* ititerpisel iti prevent the deed icing a-tually v-- nited. IHe CudolliIty tuok away his band andl ri garel hi-cr with a liok of amiring intjuiry. " Yes, it is as I say. A youthful pair, walkintig tat tiiotiht to se the spot heart the youttic erlies -Tihy bail takeiinb hltier tic. bits- a tr-c, atid c-n iu piiil s-lose ty (km tb-usrti yinu lid tot si-u- thutti. Thr-y, bow ever, saw an-I i-reognis--l voii. Wheti -oil had uhsii appsred on tlii roast, they rcn with all eliId to iii. ceI- of the bike anil saw tht n-unrig intiu risi- ii thite urfai- . At great rcik the yiiistti nmals- sis way ti where he wsca floitiig' ani- revue-is- l "su.' "Mary, yssti are mocking nie," cried Waloli, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arts. "N--,, J.lans- wlat I etate is a bolemr truth. Alse rt Clayton is nlit dial-. lie is at thlis isunmetnt alise and s-ll, and his ri-scuers sre sMargaret and William Siome, 2llr lover." " Alivce-Albx rt Clayton alive!" lie re pented, with quivering lips, whilst hlii lossoe bliased to iursting. " It is false-it is a do lutionj! I s-ill not believe it." -. W\ill you Icli-ee the ,-videnei of Joul ow,, eyes, then?" eris a ciheerful voice, and at the satiim' momtent Altart Clmyton enteresh the roosm, drs-sosd - csi i tly as lie hind been whien, accompanied by Walsh, hie went to the Park. Walsh stared at him in bewildered and lusrrified astonishment. " Come, fel me," asis Albert. as, with a smile on his frank, handsome face, he ap 1sroacheih the ied; "feel me, and convince yours-lf that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blhoil. I didl't mean to let any of you kInow-at least at preseiti--that I am still in the land of the living; hut as Mrs. Walsh tells nle you are full of repentance and re morse on account of my supposed death, II thought I would case your mind a hit b! lt ting you lenow the truth. t don't think you will Iwike a had use of the knowledge.'' " Thank God your blood does not lie on my soul," gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of ro. lief. "I feel some hope now. I may Slebli don toy wicked life and reform." "Triat's right," returned Albert. "Ii'i not the thing for a fellow like you, who wa., once an honest, righthearted man, to git·, yoursclf up to villainous courses. You hove better stuti in you, and I am sure of it. Yea have the making of a noblefellow, if you will only shake off the connection with Chiljp, Bob I'rcoton, and Lady Clayton, who ore hal to the cre, everyone of (liem,,. Now. what say you? F 'ill you henceforth slick to truth, and do the right thing, and wi'll stond by you, anld ere long you will rccove.. your self-respect, and be happy yet with yiur angel of a wife?" "God bless you, air !" exclaimed Wabls, after a violent struggle with his emotion. "Heaven help me, I will ilo as you say. Mary, will you-can you forgive tme P" "Gladly, James-joyfully." haptyer lril. THE DEATII OF WALSH. Wonderful and blessed is the powerof kind ness, in its very gentlenens ant unolitrusive nesslics itsstrength-a strength far tmightier than any violence or apparent force can exer cite. Before it the stubborn will, the hardest heart, the moot abandoned notitre hais been subdued, melted, and ..vcrcome. ly it, when all else has failed, the cotisrience has hern reached and smitten into contrition, the iin crusted soul has been pierced intoi hitter rcc pentance, the withered and scorched affections have been made to gush out in their old chan nel, and an entire chinatge has passed upon the whole thitig. Let this mighty potlnt power of kindness live snil flourish in thie world. Wh1ile it is the utighbiest of formcs it can be wielded by the weakest haul. T[lie meek and delicate woman cna, cause it to put forth its strongest intlunctc; it arms her with an irresistible might, and invests her with a holy sovereignty. Not in the earthquake of passionate reproach, not in the fire of fierce invective, but in the still small voice of love, and in love's quiet acts of devotion are to be found the strongest forces of human agency capzble of turninu the most wicked hearts and renewing the basest nature. And never was its amaning power morn signally manifested than in the case of Jim W'alsh. For many long years le had livce1 in hardened depravity. Hating sercred all ties between himself and virtue, his nature was brutalised, his conscience utterly dead, his moral sense defaced, and his religious im pressions obliterated. lie was restrained by nothing but tho consecquences of human de tection, no considerstion of affection or grati tude could more him; he lived and acted in utter disregard of those around him, or con nected with him, wronging and injuring them without compunction, for the sake of what he conceived to be his own selfish in terests. This was a state of hardened wickcdmnes and moral abandonment which no remon strance or expostulttion or threatening could prevail against; yet kindness suddenly broke the flinty rock, and softened anil subdued its stubbornness. IHis thoughts, feelings and desires were now totally changedt towards his hate victims. Not for worlds would he now act against them in the interest of Chipps and Lady Clayton. On the contrary, he felt an ardent desire to bailo these plotters, and renderjustice to those whom they had sought so foully to defraud. As yet he it remarked, no higher motive animated him. The change of feeling was so tnarked and thorough that none around him itoubted it. So well convinced were they of it that they freely trusted him, and conversed freely with him on all the matters. On two points they gave him information which was new, and which greatly interesteil him. lIe had been kept entirely in the dark as regarded Harry. He knew quite well that Chippo had a pecu liar ititerast in getting hack the tboy who had run away from him, and whom lie had been commisoionedl to trace and recover, but he did tiot suspect 1ie was the otily cliilit of Sir iHumptirey's eldest son, and therefore the true heir of the estate. The other poiti in which he was enlightened regaruel Nell7, and the trick which Cluips had played Bib ini giving him a copy of the will only, and retoinitig the original in the cabinet. Once, when Nelly seas alone wiitl him, he ques tioned lier paruicularly as to the place in the room where this c:linet stood, arid the man ner in which the lawyer tonuhed the secret spring which prve naccess to the prisate drawer in which she had seen hint dl-oit the docuituetut. Nellvy in-wred as well as ntis was aic. and he lay unit pondered deeply on her rlcpies. Walhb was not able in return to give them any new intellitinci-, si swell hit Id liiy already know the secrets of her ladyship atId tier lawyer; bitt he was ali,- to confirm the idea that Margaret was Sir hlitmpbr.-yn laughter, and this lie dilt frankly snut piositively. Ifs had removed tier when an infant froiit Clay tot,, at the instigation of Cbipps, and was able to do it without suspicion, iniastuchi at the very titte he had an infant daughter who died, and bly dres.ing the little teidy in the clothes worn by Sir Ifutuphrreys infant chill, it eas supposed (is lbe the latter. Amelia Saugitioti, the present Laidy Claytout, who was then the artful coinpation of Sir hlut phruy's. econut wife, and already aspired to tue tier suicceCssII , managed to urluig the utrink of the aurse who had charge of the Ihably, and whliile she lay insensiblo the chatuge was ef fected and the dead chiil pulaciid under her to cao-e the supposition that she haul overlaid it. I was foeutti, snit thc beath io aecoutted for, snit the poor deluded mother, then her -if lus-tetenitug tao tho iumlb, kissed the cold pole lips of the infant, h.liesing that it was the corpse of tier own little Margaret. In a few iltys hosh ilild, anti tile intitft of Walsh ant the seconId Lady Clayton werri laid in o0e gerac, the griccud blut iludedlit broaret be liuvitig that (le lark receptacle receivedl 1-th his wife and chil. Matters leinig thus adjiisti.. atil explsiPed ls'twtcwu Walsh ansi his Itte viutitts, the foriter hegoit gradually to reciier he etremtihll. Thu. pro-ces if convalss cnce was wastitig, but uider the tetider nulrsitig of his now happy wife, aiid the luss eutting fueliugs of his concvietice, he perceptibly ip rtvieil, anil the tinme cste wyhiheti hli cou1l1 riv,, fir a few hours every day. One nimrning wbhn Mrs. Walsh wiint into his room, she seas amtisedCI to finsi it -mpty. Jittm was not in bed as usual, an'l his clothes wire gone. In dismay and ronsternttion, she ran arid acquaintet the others with the discosiry. They cotld not holiere it, thought she tmtist have overlooked him, and ran in a body to the ehaniber. Trnt, enough, it was empty, and the bed had not much appearance sof hliavitig n 'ituset on the precious tuight. Thuy rail to the door which opened into the close, amd fount it on the Istbh. William Sinie declareul (hlt lie had locked it the tiight befir,-, and left the key on the inside; clearly therefore WlaIst, ha departed, and by the door he had made his exit. Tii-ey look,'l at each other in hilatik and silent astonilhomentt. l)ehoroh was the first to speak, nest in indignant agitation she ex claimeid that Walsh had gone away to betray then,- that his sorrow and contrition was all a pretence, and that now their uiettmiles would restnue t(heir tmtachinatiotis agninst them. WVilliamt Sirtie echoecd tie same opinion. So iid Nelly, and even Mrs. Walsh, with tears stid sobs, shook her head and feared it must be so. (TO 5u cOnTnccED.) 