SATURDAY, MAY 2, 1896. The muses have not been asleep of late upon Australian shores. There has never been a time of so much pro- ductivity as the last two years ; verse has been pouring forth in streams, not scanty nor all insignificant. Some of it, too, not after the wonted fashion of poetic works, has been gladdening the authors' hearts with return of coin; for though fame is in general his guerdon, the poet must nourish his body as well as his soul. or perhaps the one through means of the other. At the close of last year the publication of Mr. A. B. PATERSON'S Man from Snowy River attracted general attention, and the sale since then of five thousand copies of a fairly expensive volume affirms in the most decisive accents that he has found an ample public for his verse. For verse it merely is, and nowise poetry. Only once in a whole book does a whiff of true inspiration waft across the reader's mind. But a shrewd manner of telling a story, a certain easy uncon- ventional lilt in his measures, an evident familiarity with bush life and in especial with the racing manners of upcountry townships, have all combined to give a certain vigour to his work which interests the reader. Abundance of slang and illustrative profanity, a cynical tone for general use, but with peeps of melo- dramatic pathos in Family Herald taste, assist in giving a certain cheap sort of strength to the work. Never- theless, its power of seizing and hold- ing the attention is based on genuine merit of a kind, and its popularity is on the whole not undeserved. Closely following it has come a volume of somewhat the same character. Mr. HENRY LAWSON, in his book In the Days when the World was Wide, professes to have " humped his swag " over the inland plains, with all the bitter experiences of him who looks for work but often fails to find it. The company to which he introduces us are about as malodorous as those of BURNS'S immortal cantata, "The Jolly Beggars." We are told — " Their linen's rather scanty, and they haven't any bath." But the heroes and heroines of BURNS are merry rascals and hussies, who make no pretence of having any character to lose, while LAWSON'S are represented too often as the victims of our social system and its evils. Thus there are many of his pieces that are disfigured by a tawdry declamation, echoes of the socialistic professors who educate the masses on the wharves. Yet to do him justice, Mr. LAWSON is not as a rule unfair. In his "Forard" he contrasts the condition of steerage and saloon, letting us see life from the outlook of the " second-classer." We can feel what it is to be starved out of one colony, and risk all that one has in order to be landed in another with utterly uncertain and slippery prospects. But after some indication of the envious feelings not unnatural to the man at the bottom of his luck, and afraid of an unknown depth still lower, he depicts the revulsion of a mind not by nature unjust, allowing that "There's broken hearts an' trouble in the gilded first saloon." Both of these writers are unmistakable disciples of Mr. JOHN FRRELL, like them a Sydney writer with previous Victorian experience. His volume en- titled How He Died, published some ten years ago, was the first strong effort to naturalise in Australia that class of vernacular verse in which success has been achieved by LOWELL, BRET HARTE, and WILL CARLETON in America, and by G. R. SIMS in England. There is in general no pretence of poetry, but instead the reader's inte- rest is maintained by shrewd delinea- tion of character, by incisive expression, frequent peeps of humour, and occa- sional glimpses of sentiment. It is only just to Mr. FARRELL, however, to say that he is capable of a much more ex- tended flight than either of the others into the realm of true poetry. In Yictona our recent writers have all aimed at a 111010 dignified kind of verse, and wo have several whoso ellorls aim high and aio fnnly successful Hie work of Miss JINMMS Cumien vi L perlnps occupies an lntormcdiato posi tion On the ono hand, it ovoids as a rulo the slant: and verniciilai of these writers. on the othet, it makes no pie tonco to groat exaltation of feeling lier onrly voi°c3 woro tleaily modelled on tho lines of GORDON folio« ing lum 111 his rough -tiength, falling farshoit of linn, however, by leasou of moio of tho roughness o,nd less of tho strength \ct hor "'lomboy Madge" nnd liei "Bushrangers weio very piomising ïhoy oilered us a prospector 11 wntci who might soma day develop the 0110 as jet characteristic Au tr_!nn style in now and interesting channels but sinco then _ho has sheered olf upon other lines Her first volumo of collected pieces appeared a few months ago, and though it does not altogether fulfil tho charm of early expectations, it is pleas ing of its kind lier hospital pieces delineating the soi ron s and hopes of hospital children, and liei poems re mimscent of tho gulbood homo in Gippslnnd, with all tho moma of un un i (.turning day when tho gum scented bree/es were v afted ovei summer plain and tangled gullv, such eilorts aie in general excellent, though then pathos is sometimes moie than a trillo meló dramatic Mi f B O If vu v lo."t }ear ventured on a second volume of vei.e, not greatly if at all improving on his flint of four 01 ino yeais ago Ho is most evidently tho disciple of Ki ND VIT, and theiefoio with strong leanings totheSwmbuiman style, in which words nie but sviect cadences attended by tho ghosts of vaguo emotions that flit in a luck ¿round undefined in spaco or timo lhey aro without the power or apparently tho pnipo'-o of awal Piling eithei duly focusäed pictuio or cleailv recognisable emotion Mi OIIAIIV? work is orthodox enough in its piuity fiom slang Ho sings of bush lifo 111 diiiwmgiooin winds and faultless scansion But then it is apt to bo weak while lu=cious, soporific while soothin-r, A line of Bin NS 01 Bu ON dipped in at a suitablu spot would by its vi0our startlo the diowsy 1 tailor muchas a lol o in a tedious seimon breaks 111 upon tho ponsivo al straction of the congicgntion Nevertheless, both volumes of Mi OH vin have genuine mel its of then own He has poeto feeling nnd nn evident love for nnturo ] ut it is as a sweet rpninci of mjsttri ous woids, a defl hnniller of lhjino nnd rhythm, that ho chiefly shines In the-so icspccts wo lim o nono sinco KIND vi 1 to (ompnro with lum 'I he muse of Mt 1 ]> Lour mt VN rises but seldom out of the fnnly conventional love 1 of comfortably iii}mod and metred mign/1110 poetiy In Adolaido, Mi Am in CiiVNDint, with lui two quiet littlo volume«, promiRcd at ono time most favourably but his second ciloit showed so little improvement upon tho Hist th it the hopo now seems doomed to disappoint ment Mi ISVDNI v li moon, of A letona, nlwnji cccentru but not alwnvs intelligible, is ncuilholess tho unnustnknblo repositoiy of somu touch of tho divine nlllntus JSor is Mr G I ssi x ] VANS, of Queensland, without strong poetic |tistificttion foi the toil of pnntei nnd binder, but though Ins book is full of piettv picics, nil it lins to «-ny has been bettor said 111 bjgono times by stiongoi men It will thus bo scon that Iho oxistin¡ generation of poetic nspinnts do not Uneaten very seriously to «psot tho balanto of Vnglish littintuio and innko ita contio of ginvity shift southwiuds But ns minor poets oin rising singors hnvo thou pioimso And the linmodinto futuie is to bo nil ovei Iho wot Id n tuno of minor poots At lenst such is tho present outlook Amenta Ins now 110110 to boast but vei v initioi poots, nnd ] nglnnd lins chosen for her Inuicuto a wntor not woilhv of the ino bun Ircilth placo in her list of poots Austi din thon may comfort htisolf with tho hopo of holding fairly woll hoi own 111 nny com pal ison ot piopoitionnto tnlont Insanity in nil its foims, fiom meio gontlo melancholy do\ n-01 up-to laving lunney, is on tho incienso undoi ovoty sly 'Iho fient mm} of idiots and imbecilos, of tho hnlf wittcd and of tho nddlc hoadod, of fools and of Biuiplotous, grows steadily glentor mall lnnds, nutt Di SUDON* 'IALIOII, Biipcimtoudont of tho Matu Asylum nt Middleton, Now _oik, who ia do scribed as "olio of tho most ominont " specialists in insanity in the " world," li is been meditating on the causo of this uncomfoi table phenomenon Why should multiplving battalions of tho human rice glow addie headed and íiubeciloí Why should society grow increasingly asinino on 0110 sido as it grows moro shmingly suontihc on the othor ? Dr Í5ELD0N T vrcoiT has solvod tins social pu«¡/lo, and his solution will cany joy into countless households It is the pernicious and wholly unjustifiable habit of eaily rising, ho sajs which is bringing the intellect of the lace to mero ruin1 Iho intellectual vvioik of nianj a young man, it seems, is to bo traced to tho immoral habit of " using "with the laik ' Most cases of early insanity, of melancholia, and of abjoot dementia, Dr '1 \LCOII assures us, " may bo justly ascribed to " the habit of too early using on the "part of joung men '< Dr TAICOII grows quite pathetic as ho dwells on the moral wickedness and mental risks of early using " A peremptory tom " mand to ¿et up,' ho urges, " when " ones sleep is as jet unfinished, is a " command milich, grinds tho soul " curdks tho blood, swells the spleen, " dcstioys all good intentions, and dis " turbs for tho cntiro dav tho montai " activities of a bo), just as the tornado " disturbs and levels with advancing " ruin a forest of mighty pines ' With w hat joy this latest utterance of scionco will bo welcomed by oppressed youth gonorilly, whose morning slumbers iro disturbed by the unwise zeal of mothers devoid of scientific intelligence ' Dr 1 vi coir quotes tnumphantly in support of lus discovery tho notorious growth of insanity in tho country districts iho ruial population con iossedly gets up cailioi ever) morning than do town dwellers, and tins, it seems, otphins why tho bucolic mind is so inue.lt duller than tho a>orago city head ' iho eaily morning " hours," sajs Dr Tucon vciy pro pelly, "when everything is still, aie " peculiail) fitted for sleep, and it is a "gross Molation of ill tho laws of " nature to tear human brims out of " tho sound rest they enjoy at this " timo ' " Tho freo and h/y sav igo," adds this groat liihanity c\pert, " only "gits up when ho icels nady, and " heneo lie rai ely or nevei becomes in "sine" All Hu wiso adages of tho vvoild, m brief, aio viong and it is a duty eveiybody owes to himself lo slop as long in bed in tho morning is lie po sibly can Iho early morning boll, tho summons of tho virtuous domestic, tho call of the niiMous mother lo hor lato slcepin0' oilspiin^j- all theso must be sternly suppressed I hat wiy mid ness lies, tin y aro a moro short cut to tho lunatic ns\lum ' It is amusing to idled tint this discovery is reported to us fiom the von land which gavo the vvoild " Poor Richard " and his battery of \erv virtnons but riso Bomowlnt exaspeinling ndigcs " Liri) to bed " ind cid) to use, ' Ti \M IIN iis-diieil his contemporaries a hundred and foi ty jons no0, was tho certim roid to both wealth aud virtue, and whole generations of little bo)s all over the world have over sinco had their jouth blighted and their intellect piematurely wrecked by tho baleful lnllucneo of thal addle headed pioverb "loor luchud, it turns out, did not understand human nature or tho laws of the universe lo get up as late as possible is the secret of piesorving our intelligence ond getting tho bettci of | all oin mais J ho wisdom of one generation is Iho foil) of mother, and a good man) ancient pioveibs Ituvo to be inverted to inako them fit tho conditions of modem life 1 roverbs must no longer bo Hoarded as condensing tho wisdom of min) into the wit of one, or (is hiding in then linef s) Hables, ns Ti ICON puts it, 'tho genius, wit, and ' spirit of a nation ' 'Ihoy aie the mero ci)stalhsations of protentious foil) , fust) half truths, moro mis (hiovotis than whole lies Lou! Cmsri uni in objected to the use of proveibsin polite societ) on account of their deplorablo vulcanty, but the modern tempei is impatient of proveíbs because they ni o so oppressive!) didactic And ccrtauil) the wisdom which a great many of oin forefathers found in " Pom Richard s " once famous almanac will seem mero duvclling folly in the o)os of their children of to da) " Spoilt! ono penny less than thy " rlcnr gains cveiy da),' "Poor " Richard " assures mankind, "and jon " have found out the whole secret of " happiness But will tho accumula tion of sixponco a week i eaily arm a man against all tho darts of gruf ? " J ho sound of jour hammer it five 1 in the morning or nino at night, ' " Poor Knlinid taught, was equal in tho earb of wiso m minni! to a (oiUikaio of virtue, mid willi painful arithmetic he pi oves that if a man can cam Ion shillings a day nnd is ldlo for ten minutes he has "wast d ' npoiinv, and bv that act uni culled 'lls °h' nóc " Pool Richaid' linkes ovei) mo ii hilo fnl by solt mu lellections on tho v iel ed ness of eating two peas when vvi could conti ive to e ist on ono, and the vu tuo of getting up onl) a littlo less hnngij ft oin oui (Ininti than we vvoio winn wo sit down to ir j t eitainly the pioverl s of ono goneta tion inn) not fit the hibits of tho next I 1 ho " Poor Richard of the last ctnturv I toiled to lmpioss on tho roiisciincc of lins audience tho will edntss of bitru i idlo for a moment tho "PoorLuhnid I of today nu"ht nuno usefnll) employ hiimolf in cNlioiling his generation to ' assuage then to > intense toil vv iib "onoi oils doses of wholesonio idleness It is, nftei nil, a pio^aie, heavy footed, and lntc)ed wisdom whuh flamed at least half tho didaitic provoibs on which tho good little bo)s ol tho last generation w"io fed 1 lUgnlit), indusli), hate of dubt, Iho piety of v ealing old coats, of I eating small (Illinois, and of hiboiiously I taking cnio of our ponce, aie no doutt values, but thov aio not nil tho 'viitucs lolled into ono, not oven tho | highest st) lo of vu tue And it is with I something moto than asenso of humour, it is with a delicious sonso of poctii I pistico, one listons to tho modern | Vrinlao Di 'J VI con ofleung to tho ania/ed woild his surprising dot trine ? vv luth brings to instant vvicck one half the didactic stock in trado of tlint pthoi t)pical Yankee, Dr BIMVMIN J ItvNlvJIV A proclamation appears in last nights ((leinnciil Ga (lit lurllur |iioroi,iiini( lui ilium lit until tlio 1st prox It m nut lim Intention of the lMinistrs, bowen r to call 1'arliiiiuint tou;tthor till towiudu tin uni of next niuntli Mi Ililli, the Premier of New South ?Nalia, who ia riturnlmr to Sjilnes lrom ülroken Hill, s eati riln j I nul un interview willi tho l'nmltr 'Hie CCUIBInation, how e\er, was of a n-nntc character, nnd publia mattera were ntl dealt with Mr Tozer Hie Colonial Jecretury for Queensland! called on tin Mnisterof Landa and Customs S ester lity mid llscussed Btv omi mnntime questions with Mr liest Mr lozer "l.c stilted Hint the helson Ministry intends t( Biibtntt the i deration oí Austrtilnsi i nitbltng I ill, nth some modifications t the Queensland Parliament when it ' a sembles next mith 'lliemodilicitions wi consist of there pesentntnesupoiulieeonit tion « Inch is to taft the 1 edtrnl Constu tion being tlccieul.y Pnrlminent instead bj the people ns \ho bill provides, and ti referen lum will rta be excised from 5 meitsure Both MMleid and Mr 'los-cr t foi Sydney by thel-prcss tram ycsteri nlternoon \ "J. esterdus ti large Ipntation représeme several teinptrnnce W3 waited on 10 Chief Secretary to uV. that the law e lnting to the closing V hotclB on Sun eys .mould be strictly eiWod It uns, ey atated, n public seandiifV) flee so many en RoitiR in mid out o£ Weis on Sumjs openly violating theI law, and u_ gestcd Unit the purauser should bo punished as well as tU publican The liet Dr Petan remaiki ¡that the der utiion lool ed to the Governmelt to earrv on the law and prevent the corjminnce of aievil which wns Bopping puli. hft nt ltoery heart If the Ministry di not take-toa to enforci the law it »ouldie unworthy I tho olhec it held Ile had lurd that sene of the stipendiarj magistrai had a laning towards the publicans wheVame bc.ort.hem charged with Sundni tradiy If tim \VCre so the 0o\emment should take tlicmJeirly understand it was their dk to adninister the law ns they found it, anlnot alhw their private opinions on the tmrtrnnee tuestion to suns them Mr I'm oc\ nsairtd the deputation tliej had til sjkpitl) 01 the Government m their cíTcrts tcAiroSibit Sim dn> trading It was esoneoii to auiipoao the police were not doing »heir duty. Hie dilhculty, howevr, woA to B.euré the necessary liifornition V, siatain 11 prosecution Públicos lindispics aur« rounding their hotei and \ on any stranger appearing thisipml tas ¡tuen and all ctnlenee of Su'dny trading una re moted before the polio could MI.I «duna sion 'Hie mntter w^ surround. 1 with dilhe-ltics and he wouj gladly reo ne any suR-ustions, tien if aci 111 11 non.mun.ly, th it woul. he!» to fiminiah the eui Only one aug-eation had been ran.P. that the puiehaaer sfculd be punisliel, and the Cabinet would beuaked lo consul r it Ile would consult lah the Soliciter General regarding the refluions made 0» ti 0 magistrales A nuniberlf aug-eationa ive 0 then jnndo by the depntlion lo the effe t that persons other than constables should be emplojedtoput down Sii.lny trndnir tint the police should be imowcredto s nreh persons coming out of lions to ascertain if tiley had a bottle of bee! concealed miller their coat, mid that the tttiinony ol neigh hours that drunkm men wpe fre qucntl) seen coming out of a hotel on fepdn's should bo sulla ant to biiut'ima com Lion Mr Peacock the Chiefbccrctiri stitea that he lins no intention)! visiting Japan short!} na was reported I j iiir 1 iillnrat cor- respondent testerdn} Ile .13 been m m different heaHli rtcentlj, titi lim medical ndt 19er sugg died that he sould take a trip to Queensl int!, but as Ill-health is rapidly improving he dots not lheiid leaving Vic- toria I 'Hie condition of Mr WWer, M L A , l8, we regret to le un, c_trcir.ly critical He lias bein nihngior some tint; from nnuHco tion of the litt rt and altbugh herenved i sufliriently to be able to nlti part 111 ti e inrciitll demonstration to Ir 1 rcnwith re- cen!) he lins since sulTered 1 relapse Last night his illness had reuitied 1.0 serions a sta^e that his medien! utilise, Mr Aitelieson, X1 11, considered lum in lmtuiient d ni), r With the view of enubliig Sir Hunns I o well .luxton, the Goierjor ot Sintu Australia, to obtain a better mai li' into the ilheienci of our educational tintern l18 jesterday, with Ilia 1 xeellencj I oil I rusey, pud nn unexpected visit to the Albert puk and Dorcas street state schoo's biuth Alel bourne Hie distinguished visiloia tient tlirouj.li each ot the class ravins and Fiw the pupila under the or unity sehool ion htions 'llicy slated tinv 1 er plrnsc'l with the ili-mianour of tip ncliol ira and the diaupltne ni untamed and il,n null the ellieiencs ol the teaching I.ordl ras«cy expressed IHM approv ii of the ph) situ! mt ciaia given lo the souiuir childrm and acknowledged the Hiuurtiiisj disphijil by tlioäe in the higher classes, cspeunll) in anavverins qULStioiw in mental nritlimcue. 'IhcBingingof the pupila also iniprt««.e.l ti« visitors At lord liraBsej'o nqui«t tlie clultlnn nteaeh school were graiitul a half, holiilns. Whin the Defence authorities reirntly urged the Government to obtain live ttuxim nuns for tin use of the lnfantrs, it vii srepre Binteil to the I'runur that iho weaponscuuld be purchased for l-'OO each lUci|,iiiBiii|;U.e neiessits for Biiurmg the puns, and bein vin; that lie could Bpsre £1,000 out of nut Si ir's revenue, Mr. 'I urncr consulted toa cable niissnge' being Bint to the Ai'int General ordering the purchase of the Bins at the price Btatnl. Mr. Gillies Ii is how- ever, riplie.l tint the guns with tlieir iquip ment will coat £100 each, or iJOOO altogether. The Minister of Difenci 51a tirilny asked the Premier to snnction tho txtru expenditure required, but Mr 'lurnct has taltm time to conauler the matter In cross culmination of the plnintilTin the libel action ngamal 'Jhe /In/iivKsterdii) Mr. Johnston pressed Air. Mirima very hnr.1 tilth the object of show ing that he was, na lind been asserted I15 Mr 11 rguson m the vv unc«j box, the ruling «pint of the Bocuts Mr, Mirnms went ho fir na to alate that lie did the thinking mid planning for the committee in Mutton to the HiveatmenlH on fret hold pro- per!}, hut that the lommittee were nopon ail le for tin purchnstH Asked (0 csnluu lui pallin Btntimint that lie vina a luce Hlianliolder of the institution nt the lune he hit it, pliiiiitill expresocd himself quita v tiling to admit that lug »o>e 111 tireat consisted of .10a. on COO aluna, or a total 0! ¿700 Ile was, he ii.Itiutliil, ft nulli ol a Biiiiguine teniperninent, mid if nut lu v.i.uld bardi} have bun ulm now lim cioas iKiimiiinliou then usoliul itoilt into a ditailiil iMiminat on ol the varion 1 lunns in- ila led undi r the comprehensive Inn hi« " illulia nuil (Irakis," nul had )u«t tu min I nu Mr Mínimas altitude aftir Ins nilli«« flinn pn-on when closing lune nrrivid 'Hie 1 -tninintititin 111 chief of tin plaintiff in Alumni t 'Jlit ¿'1 nu waa rrilucul tu lompnralivilv nuiiill lompnsj li) ! lu ill (Hum oí Judgo Cnaiv that no qui mons could be imite 1 t.a to the fulsit) of d10 hilante ultu!, the ollar Milt liiiviiigiulinilli 1 that the conviction of the pi until! for issuing 11 lalse balami bluet unsold) 1 vidniei of the ' eoiiviciion, anti toul.l not be put fnrwnulne prool that 111' bl lance Bhe.t «is ulm. U. lore tins dicisiou win arrived at Mr Mu will Htatetl that he wanted to till..rd Mr Minims nn opportunity which he lind no >et hail ni giving Ino version ol the bdunce Bluet 011 oath. 'Una Mr Johnston lor the ilifindnnts Binti was a frank mil iiHsinn 111 it the prouidliiRs h»' bun 111stilillid to whitiwnsh Minims, and it waa monstrous that the di ft lidimt» Hhoul.l hi 1 illul upon to light our «¡mu tint old iHBUO w Illili lilts 'lad not ringed Mr. Miliuna wits then Bimpb IIBUIII ii ho li»I assiattil th" directora to play «lucks «nl (Irakis with Ihe asaeta, mid he, of course, npheil, "No" li. «Ino ih ulan .1 that Iii« institution waa 111 a Ihoioughl) folvint ion ditton when he aevend Ins connection mill it. 'Ihe trims ituinmntinn oi th. plaintiff waa thin undertnltin bs Mr Johnslon, nulle almerno ol Mr l'urvm, DC. in Tiniiiaiii», and It oecnpieil the whole of llu reninmdirof the da), and had not concluded «'"¡'> llie Court ailjourned, lntrhatena wiinMr. JolniBton's rttitninv (¡on ol the plnmlin in the Mullins hld insu )tuttinliiy, UCIUBIOIIIII pointa 01 humour wiro not winning, 'Um brat of tia« lamo when the plaintif) in 'iroktii tone-H declined that ho would face li.« jtuy anti ans that he was not imwiitmi of making 11 mismito na he would fiicell.il In lltavin. "I think," sud Mr. Johnnie», also giving was lo intern»! emotion, "llmttMl would bo nn exiellent time to adjourn for lunch," and Jtidf- Casey added to the sympa thetiostrain hy r-ranrkiug, "I wnsjust going to say so, too ' he plaintiff B description of how he went to tie City of Melbonriie Hunk to see why a little cheque lor £30,000 odd had not Jeen honoured, and was accosted by the manager with the brnsqno "What the dev! do yon mean by coming donn on me forfcO.000 at one swoop'" raised onotlier httlo aintnci of laughter But the suceesâ of the day came juat tit the fall of the curtain Judge Coaey waa anxious to go on und linisn the witness, and Mr Tohnstonon the oilier hand complained of liuakmess in the throat, «Hereupon the lienoli, with inimitable apltmb, selecting a jujube from Bonn1 hidden liotrtl, carefully wrapped it in n corner of blotting paper and handed it down to the liar, mach after the f i.luon of awell known advertisement l.ven with tina temptation Mr Johnston expressed himself unible to go on, and the usher jubi- lantly adjourned the court to Manda) The chance of seasons was responsible for a rnlher serious breera tit the meeting of the Munn Board yesterday The expert com nuilee presented a ii port recommending that in accordance with the suggestion ot the Government astronomer summer should be held tor the purposes of the Lo id Line Act to extend from December 1 to Miy 31, «ntl winter from lune 1 to Noumb-r _0 'lo tina report Mr laylor had appended his dissent, and he was pro ceeding to state lus ri osons for disagreeing »hen Mr. Alexander Wilson, the viccprcBi dent, rose to ft point of order. Mr '1 nylor should, he held, have git en his reasons when signing the report as a oiaseutieiit, and having omitted to do ao he could pot then make a verbal explanation 'J he president (faptmn Cuirii) wa3 rather inclined to hold that Mr 'lo)lor was withm Ins rights, but while he was endeavouring to (.ft an i "pression of opinion from the mem- bers Mr Ia)lor made Beieral attempts to Bptnk, and was on each occasion waved donn hythe chairman At length losing his patience, Mr 'Inylor said he would .imp!) speak to the motion for the adoption oi the report, and almost simultaneous!) the elioirnmn stud that the board would hear Ins misons "Well, I wont give ni) reasons non," retorted Mr, 'tailor, "1 will simpl) sped, to the motton" "All right," replied Captain Currie, "1 will hold you strict!) lo the motton lint don't gue uny linpudi nee, or if )oudo )on will be put down with n strong hand " " I think it ia impudence on jour | art to talk in that \vu), rejoined Mi 'ln)lor. " Speak to the motion, was tlitsttrn command of the chairman to c\ et) digression, "or 1 warn)ou I will put the 'tiwiii motion Mr Cowper emit at ouredb) friend!) whinper tags to hold Mr 'tailor within bounds, und Mr Kennte ejaculated ncross tile table tint the meniLers would support the chair Mr 'lu) lor still desired to make a few comments, but when the presidí nt rose angrily to ¡na icet and niiinacingly brandishing the rules lor tliegoverntnc'it of the boatd Baid, "One word more and I'll close the meeting and line you HO,' Mr Taj lor collapsed andI confined Ins remarks to the point Subsequent!), on tile suggestion of Mr Ditdcins, he tendered «u apulo^y to the chairman, which was vvilhii(,ly uctcpted the tase of Mr It M Ivor, clerk of couria, who baa bein auspendid pi ndmg an mquirs mto the cuso of J wjlor v bnuth, waa noticed in our columns yeati rda) the allegation ia that the tlerk did not inform the polite of the payment of coats m time to allow 01 tin amendment of a warrant McBsra Gaunson and Wallace write nokniR U3 to mention that the Btatiment that the moniyvvus paid to Mr M'Ii or 19 mtorrtct, being bnjed on a nnsnpprehension of the facts ¡Neus Ima been rccintd that Mr 1 mest Williams, thirl aon of Mr Justin Williams, has got Ina corumisaion in tilt Northumber land 1 uaili ra loth regiment) A question as to the liiluhlyof deeds of osai(,nint nt for the beneht ot creditors to p ly slump duty, which has perplexed both buai ncsa men and members of the legal profes tion, was decided bs the lull Court )catcr thy The ease was that o! the Caatlemaine Ireuery Company Limited, vvhith had (xecuted a deed ot trust vesting in the Merchants' I rust Limited of London certain properties to be held as security against debentures Tina died waa held liable by the tollt ctor of imposts to stamp duty amounting to £1,52J lhere han been con fluting decisions b) impremí Court judges hut }ea'erday the lull Court unanimously decided that documents of this nature need not be stamped lo day is to be rowed the ninth Australian Universities Boat Lucí, which it is hoped will some tiny rival in popularity and interim tlieclnssio Vnrany Han betwien Urlordand Cambridge, and that of almost (quill nu portnnce, Yale i) Harvard in America Hie race will be rowid ovir the Lower larra tourac The BteamerJ Spri"htly (the umpires boat) nnd Albatross lune bien chartered to follow, thus allording the publia an opportunity of view int. the ra.e 'litketa are obtainable at the boat Hie starter and umpire will be Mr Iones «»I, tin Civil ¡service Howing Club, un I Mr 1 i Carlile, respeotivtl) In Hie eveninr Hie j oreivs will be oitirtaincd at a dinner in the1 Masonic hall, presided over b) the Clint Justice, bir john Madden, who will presentí the cup to the victors \ Bplindul sample of quart/, ahowinf gold \ fnely obtained in Croiiiniolong, a1 JII> -0 nulls north of the Ace of Clubs mine, on Hu li.min Uiver was shown )tstcrdny to the ?Minister of Mini a Mr 1 oatcr ia ol opinion usp.)able L,old has bun found on tin JSew boiith \\\ ales border, some IO miles north al the rtcent lind, that then is nn auriferous /one extending Irom near the toast north wnnl to the lordir Iht Mnnatir adviai» prospntors to try tina countrj as he believes tiny would be well rewarded for tin ir ifforls Hu Customs revenue for the past month amounted to ¿1801 10 (including Jil J 011 I ecr dut)) lhere win drawbacks alloue I to tin iitcntol 11J JI7 BO that the net riiupta ann unted toilOS I JJ lina ia LU -1 U below ttiethpnrtnitntnl entminte lhcnetrt venut lor April, IS)) was ilbl.SOJ, und forMurth oilhia)iur ilbS'lOJ HIL lollowmg appointmintB of pupil tiaihera lum been made ti) tin 1 ducation depiirimint -llarrut I Morristin, Behool 117, Colac, Mabel » (Jr.nulli 1 (.10 St Arm ud Mary laikaon 1 duli M Hartnell, limit Hopkin«, and Atbulie »jill s 1 1J7 lort Millourni, anil Harold LUdlilow, 1107 Hopetoun Hu following tendira for supplies ot MUetul Bt.irts lor thrio setira have been iicupted li) tin huilwa) dcpirtmetit - Crunl les and plumbn"o A ¿Tinton an 1 Sona nuiisloot oil C Atkins «id Ci leatbii loo la I \ial anil Co, tilef,ruph wiri, M 11 in »rou anil Itigt, ilryaullcn s, eli munis, ,U lioulie, lompsitt, anil Co I r issu in A 11 mon und bons filis, I »uil it linn Mclbounn lluildcra lime I aal L mint Co, iron tinks, II Millhill nu I Co , hose and indiarubbi r eoo Is I l'irlriiii and Co lamp glnsBis, G Muu"er nu I It \\\ Collier lind Co iron eostm"H I mill Muir iron Vietorinn, Lim hollingi Milla block tin, Morris and Meeka, In isa nnliopp r, I »inks and faon glass, »rooka, | Itoliiiisoii an I Go , non iiitmngs, fiirnuti . lura und bruin blocks Duna and laird,I cinper.b A 1 rybem w ruing and drawing piper bunds anil Mai lougiil! , bolts uni nut» Am to ,in nnd gin lo lui, Miphnn ler^uson fin to7 lum , 1 and \\\ »rayton iron mi I ate. I M Lian »roa and Higf und ' Morn« und Meda ti lephono riatenula U i Cn hers wrouihl iron pipe, gas and vnter Illunga M Lean »ma an I Ligg I rindatoiii a, lirifcot und Co (.ulvaniaid ¡ron M Lean llto3 and ltutg, plum I beta |nods Ihos Wurbutton, lill ' empli Ljasannre John M Cabi , hird oil, Minan nnd Co tallow, \\\ AtiLjiNa It neral iriinuion|,u> M L. an »roa anti ititi, handle», woo I M Lean »los and HIL,» , thuin, »riscou and Co , screwa, M I um llioa and 1 igg , tarpet«, lloor tlotb, U Hicks Atkinson and Co steel castings, »ivICH nncl llaird brounn, twig M'Lcm 1'ios nntl Uigg, artists colouta, banda and Muloagnll, I ool a, A Cowan and Co Btutiomr), Sunda nnd MacdoiiRiill, cat 1 entera work lining Mooro, ellice furni ture, (.c, Kobtrtaon and Moffat, timbi i John blinrp anti boiH beveral other tendira will be d.ult with m Monday Mi \\\ Gaunson uddressid n meeting of Gipps VAnrd nitepn)irs last night at (Jalvm a victorian Hotel, Lonsdale strut lhere wn« a large attindanci, and tho candidate aioiired a vote of eonlldi nee Amicting ot tim 1 ihilution truatcea waa hell seatirdas Mr L I bmlth in the i hair. Misara U li 1 lnuham and J Dsnon hung prestnt Ihe building was ht to Mr Uray l)r Hu holding of ii "loot! Inhibition, tomlin minc on luis 1 After an innpection of tim building and grounds the meeting adjourned Afur BUT. senrs spent In lecturing nnd jin idling m l nglanil, tho fourth and fare well visit of the Rev. Chatios Clark, the I mont popular of the lecturers who ba\c been beard in Australia, ia announced. J. or this farewell tour Mr. Clark lins prepared new lpcture entertainments, and the prf Rentation of one of these, entitled "St. Paul's, tue Dome of the Uolden Croas," will form the occasion of lim reappearance in the Town_ hall nett Suturda). Hie new lectuie enter tainment is a senu»! to Mr, Clark s lectures on the " 'J ower of London " and " West minster Abbey," which attracted such crowded audiences to the Town hall, and, like them, the new lecture entertainment will be interspersed with recitals illustra- tive of the subjects dealt with in the oration Th»» Melbourne Art Club, who are exhibit- ing m conjunction with the Photographia LOubition, have since the opening day added the following works to the collection - Titree excellent flower studies b> Mrs Greig, the president of the Launceston Art Society ; two const studies, hy Victor Henry nnd a large design tor the K C. cathedral, UendiRO, by Mr Be\erle> Ussher, All V.I A, which has been put into perspeome and coloured bj Mr A C Cooke. Tile programme for the last but one of Mr W. 1J Notts present series of Sunday after- noon org in reutiils in the Australian Church, commencing at halt pint 3, comprises prelude and fufue in C minor (M< ndelsaohn). andnn tino, "La Cloche du boir" (Chaiuet), Lumen tallon in J> minor (Gmlmunt), Sicilienne (Hoch) b.acketed with Verstt (Salome j, Air Nott's own .nitosta in V niojor, and son^s by Cr .unod and F. JI Gowen, to be sung bj Miss 1 (egina Nagel. In réponse to tho appeal of the 011 Colon(«U Assof iation for winter fuel for tho homo. ueha\o ici oil ed a chenno for £1 from 'April' Tn aid of the fun J for tho indo i and children of tho late Georeo Main ono of tho alotlms ot tho recent jaetHlm; disaster, we hmo receive 1 the (.inn of £J r>., colite.ed bv M.-.B -"rancio Adler, of Cambo, Carlisle ..net St Kilda Wc haio celled acopy of the Prorcetbw* of the Jtvifttl STuCif'y of I tcfonti for the year \b.)rj A nicotine of present and rast parishioners of St Peter1*, Mci hourn* n 111 he bel 1 In (ho schoolroom, AlliLrt Htreel on "1st May to consider tho luinner of cekbratin.» t io Jill lice of tho chuieh lhc Ui.tiop of Melbourne will preß, le An Aroilo 1 air and Chrunnlhein im Show in ron nee ti on nith theC on_,re_,ationnlChurLh Caulcrh m i\n9 opened hi lodi Snowden on Thur_di> afternoon In the Coivto/atloiul hall nain > n îond The hall was prettily armmrcd as a enow «erne f he principal pri?» takers »ore Mcsra lUvroic, nell, Ircbtlc. Cahill and M'JImcli ion The show i. ill rom.li. open till this evening Aiiiuiersrr) senlcs in connection \iPh the Toorik arid South lana Try Soi lotj, Sumj road Mai Its hum, i\ ill 1 o luid to morrón, and a special ehihlren s uiü-t w ill he un i n ou Monday A cotir.c of bib. nth cienin__. lecture«. Is to bo de limed in thf* Si I.Ida i*r*.s«»> terian Chu roll b> tho liei Profiaior ftentoul, MA D li on the liomin Suprom iC3 or tho Gio ith of Saccr lotihsm and the Uoiimu CUim iii. lint lecturo is entitled 'Tho Hoinan I «."cu I of i tier, and will ho dcluered to moiroii eiti in-' A Cuídete h in I in aid of the Hast Melbourne and Kio lmond < i .eho ii ill be held m tho V i-onir lull nu rim M ii> next under the pi trouve of Illa «Cxccllenci the Governor and J id> Hrasni The Kei I roicuor (.0*1111111 will lecturo on "T^io M irai Aspect of Sieithih' on S wdaj afternoon at Prahran Independent, Church Attention is dir ned to tho prclhmmr} notico olnewhcreof tho purchaser lu tho nRsf-ined estate of J It Kaufman trading as P Ihillipuoii and Co, wholesa'i j weller Tho Mb (tantôt contri iiitlntr to the Fcrocn to bo pre entcd to I a !\ M idüeii aro Invltid to itii nd the presentation at Clojne, Chapel street, Windsor, on Thursday nt xt, at 4 p in iho uoui in 4 MIffra e question lilli ho debated In Hanks.burn Irc.b^teriau trchoolroom on Monda} cieninp no:vt The nipctlnifi of ti o \ietonin auxiliary of tlip London Miwaionarv *-o ion tomnienci in the Cm crepational hill Itus 11 street on Monday Iho annual meeting of subscriber, will ho hold at hilf p .st .i p ... The fanct fair which has been he! 1 during the past iiceu in the drill room, at Urighton lu nid of tie local freo lib rar j rio ii 3 to da\ It u ill be open both afternoon and e.eninu lue annual .(-lual io tho blind was held lu tim Independent lull, Collin 1 street, on lhur->dai, April ÍM Oler 1 O blind ptnplt and their friend, from ill pirtfl of the citi and miburbs pirtook of th" lol pro ii led lv their cntertiiners Sul .OUUPII.1> a rouent wau held, an! the IM.hop ot Melbourne, who with Mrs (toe wasprcHLii- J.I\L a uosnol nd Iren* Iho sixth annual _eni rd inconnu of tho \ictonan Sltclthuiff Club lias held on Thur.daj eicnin_: rt I linders bud lingi1 The a tit uni report and I alance .sheet were rea I ind adapted nnd the follow ing altin b.arer. elected to Mirch ¡1 tk07 - Pre-wimt, Mr It Maiston, Wee pre.) lent, Mr li dnlwij lion secrc tari. Mr Herlcrl Woo Ih(iu«Q , .iiincll, Mrs lim» F bardon and I! I \inniconibe, Mi^es It WIM», M lïattrii, Il Cruenmj. MMM I U White, G Scott Victor Henri C U Kaution, and il Camm I-.sherma.is IJend is the club a outln/ for fe aturda y noxt TO DAY'S AUfiANGEMüNTS. Commercial Travellers' Association.- Half vinrly M.eting, at the Club, 2 p.m , Musical »vening, 8 p m. »or Sporting 1'ixtures See "Sporting" Columns Auction Salea. See " Abstract," page 2. SUNDAY. 1 or Church Services, i.e., see page 9. 