BURMESE MYSTERIES. 'Long man'3 Magazine.' " That noble lady or gentleman who is not freely inclined to read about ' ye beastly devices of ye Heathen' " (as B. R. says in his old translation of Herodotus), had better skip what follows. An English gentleman, an officer in the police service ia Burmnh, has given me a great deal of information, which I long to imnart, about Burmese and Shan devilries and-magic. Hr M. C. Poole has addicted himself to the society of the Burmese conjurers and magicians, and his method ought to be generally adopted by people who want to " understand the natives." He never laughs at their beliefs, but only asks for examples. He is, so to speak, saturated with their magical concoctions, which, he avers, do not injure his digestion, and do protect him (as is intended) from naU, hsons, attd other kinds of evil or ambiguous spirits, which swarm in Burmnh. Thus a certain part of a road was reported to be haunted by the ghost of a dead Burman. Now, as in Shropshire bad squires' ghosts " come " in the shape of bulls (see Miss Burne's book on " Shropshire Folk lore "), so, in Burraah, ghosts of dead human beings assume animal form. This •especial revantnt comes back as a beast of no known species, which is seen big, or seen little according to the beholder's own magical power, original and acquired. Hr Poole's power is so considerable that he was hardly expected to see the bogle at all. or, if see him he did, then the bogle would shrink to insignificant dimensions. For Hr Poole has not only fortified his constitution by imbibing magical draughts, but his arm is magi cally tattooed with a blue lion. The operation was done with hone-dust of a Barman who, born on a Saturday, and married on a Saturday, died also on a Saturday, and, tor necromantic purposes, wss exhumed on a Saturday. The Burmese, like the witches mentioned by Horace, dig up dead bodies for use in their mysteries, and also raise the dead, as we shall show. Hr Poole, therefore, rode the moonlit road through the paddy fields without fear till he came to the haunted place. There the bogle .appeared, a gray creature about the size of a hyreua (there are no bymnas or other sseh "beasts in the cultivated tract). Abort the size or the hyiena it was, but no? c h'j&na;, nor any other natural and local beast known to my informant. Thrice it circled round his horse: his native attendant shrieked to Hr Poole to swear—he did swear, in Burmese, and the appearance melted into air. This proves, at least, that the Burmans do not agree with Fetrus Thyrsus, that learned Jesuit, who warns us that there is no use in swearing at spectres. This apparition " leaves me cold," as art critics say of a picture they dislike, or rather, to be ac curate, it does not leave me cold, nor " gar me a' grae." Perhaps it was a collei dog. I prefer the Shan trick, catted, if I spell it correctly, p<ik thwin. The Shans are a bill people "to the north east of Burmah. Occasionally, if you are lucky (Hr Poole has not been so fortu nate), you may meet a paHy of Shans tramping homewards out of Burmah. One of them is uncommonly yellow ; his eyes stare straight forward, never moving to either side, he never utters a word. He does not eat. At night he does not sleep with his countrymen and com panions, but lies alone in an outhouse. He is a dead man. walking \ He has died in Burmah, and thebest and cheapest way of transporting him home is to prac> ti=e(hviii on him—that is, to reani mate bim in a limited way, to "push spirit back into him." Once arrived at home, the rite is reversed, and the dead Shan is disintegrated, dematerialised— ■clothes, bones, flesh, and all, and there, "for all practical purposes, is an end of bim, Hr Kipling might make a ghastly tale out of this belief. The Burmese have the Po!ftr>fti4, or rapping noisy spirit, like ourselves, and everybody else. In one European house several people had died of cholera, and the owner, one of our English officials (whose name it is not necestary to mention), was greatly an noyed by the perpetual rappinge. He settled rhem at last, by aid of a Burmese magician or priest (I forget which,) who performed a rite in which a piece of wood "was drilled into adoorpost. The Burmese call the knocking agency " the spirit of "the wood," or " wood-rap " (Tint n They are familiar witn mysterious flights of stones, thrown by unseen bands, a phenomenon ocery 'common in our own, French, old Peru vian, and general folk lore. A case was reported to Hr Poole, bat he did noi himself witness it, and suggested the Eocsl boy as an explanation. A man-was fined £10 at Manchester foi inserting a wire under the skin of t pigeon's nedk, the " faking " being don< to make the bird'loot fuller and thus de ceive the judges at a bird show. 