CONCENTRATES. To the ..Lady Cyclist" Lady Griffinr declares that ho lady ought to ride a eyde after she has passed her 33rd year. But. * then, they.so rarely do pass that year. As a result no doubt of Trilbyism, a new little instrument bas been devised called tho toe-post, the object of which is to keep th© big toe well apart from its neighbor and prevent the foot from becoming in any waT ' deformed. v ^ .¿. , _ At the Qneea^ Hospi^JBïrmingharnl.ott \i FebrmAry:21, by the.àîd oí the Röntge* X-A>'. photography, the surgical staff performed a ' . / auooossfut operation on a woman's h. Jl :0r *C -.J. the removal of a needle which had beion.' " l" - , into lu V i It was rather curious that Mr. Dickes*^ ', *'* Q.C., the Recorder of Dover, *V«ld latdí? * have been briefed for Mr. uoX% £ tS ' Haggerston election petition. Mr.. Lowie» belongs to the welf-known cityfinn ~\W Dombey and Son j whilst Mr.-Dickens £ ~ v '- 's ". I the son of the great author of "Domber"- - - "v-^. j and Son." *" . ? " I JJ you cannot obtain " Myfa Tea» in you? 48¡¿ district, write to A. A. Brice and Co? ? 3iende-street, Broken Hill* who will arrange, ^*W' I for'a supply at once through the local atore. \ Ts; m keepers.! ', ';. " " To the long hst of odd vocations of the " present time may now be added that of Uie man who is the professional extirpator o£ ghosts. He is writing to the papers to Bay that he has often been employed success- fully by the nobility and gentry to deal with haunted houses.., . Wentworth, Wednesday : At tao Went wbrth police court, this morning Elwin Oswald Hutchinson, now engaged tem- porarily at the Wentworth Public School aa assistant teacher, was brought up and charged with indecently assaulting a pupil. Ethel Blanche Thompson, daughter of a» * farmer, she being under the age of 16 yeaas. Hutchinson is a married man, and has twa . children. On the application of the prose- cution the farther hearing of the case was adjourned till next Monday. The bench granted bail. . A meeting was held in a certain Es8?xr town to sÄtle the legality of a custom with ( some Anglican clerics of saluting the vest ment called "a stole" before wearing it. Feeling ran high as opinions differed. The Protestant Bishop ot Colchester from .the chair settled the knotty point by the follow- ing statement :--" I have heard of a fina being imposed for stealing a kiss, hut never ~ a fine for kissing A stole I" The meeting; \ dissolved amid peals of laughter,'and na more was heard of the matter. ; "Rimmed with the prisoned viewless wind" is Mr. S. R. Crockett's phrase to describe a pneumatic-tyred bicycle wheel. " ^ The main cartoon in this week's Bulletin. depicts a fever patient lying in a crude bunk labelled " Coolgardie," with a number of dead cats scattered around. Three of the latter are inscribed "Londonderry-.'* N "Bailey's Reward," and, "Wealth ol Natiohs." The Little Boy at Manly, stand- ing near the patient with his hand to bia nostrils, says :-" Awfully sorry for yon, *f old man, but 1 don't wonder at your having: typhoid with all those dead cats about." 'Fretwork saws, patterns, ¿cc. Prest and Hocking.* . The police have arrested three workmen employed in a large Berlin bookbining- ". ... establishment, who, it is alleged; "Btolo the copy of the Milcher Wochenblatt, from which the Socialist Vorwärts on the occasion of the recent celebrations of the twenty-fifth anniversary of- the establishment of the German Empire printed * a day in advance the Imperial Amnesty for military offenders. Two editors of tba . Voncärte, agaiuBt whom the police have taken proceedings, were confronted with the men, but denied they knew them. One man has» it is alleged, confessed the theft.-Central News. On the 1st July, 1895, there were 261,000 *f men serving in the navies of the world. Dr. Carleton Simon, of New York, a pupil of Charcot, has (a Daily Chronicle telegram says) invented a process which has ena] »led him to photograph his own brain. ...For three years past Dr. Simon had been work- ing quietly towards his end. Reporta of. Profee8or . Roentgen's discoveries and MK Edison's experimentsha'.tened his researches, and on February 20 his labors were re- warded by results which, though still in- complete, were fairly satisfying. An ordinary camera with platinum plates waa employed. Dr. Simon, in a statement to an interviewer, said, "At the time of photographing the whole internal chamber ,~ of the brain ig illuminated. My; discovery ' is not consequent on the application bf tho. cathode ray to photography." On the 1st Jauuary, 1895, the armies of the world included 4,209,000 men. In a letter to Mr. John Higgin«, Napier > (N. Z.), Mr. Davitt, after acknowledging receipt of money raised by the Napier lecture, thus refers to his efforts to promote - reunion :-" I have been laboring since my return home to bring about unity within the ranks of the Parliamentary party and to promote a kindlier feeling here in Ireland between rival sections of Nationalists. I cannot say that I have succeeded BO far in the first of these tasks, but I think there ia a widespread disposition prevailing in favor of more harmony among men who are striv- ing for the one object, and the influence of this feeling will tetl powerfully on the side of the work: for reunion, which many of tho ri truest]Nationalists on both sides are resolved to carry on until dissension is driven out of the Home Rule party." Great Britain now owns 6212 cannons, France 8260, and Germany 5920. Said a counsel to Mr. Justice Williams t. "My client fell into the hands of the Jew moneylender, my Lord, and that ÍB why he now appears in bankruptcy." " Mr. X»'* said his lordship, "from my experience . both nt the bar and on the bench I am of opinion that 'Jew moneylender' ought not to be used in an opprobrious sense." It ia, . in truth, a traditional phrase, the relio of sw race hatred which had better die out now, like the memories of Guy Fawkes Day.' If , Jews were nsurersjin the old days they .were ' as much sinned against as sinning. It was the Christian monarch who used the Jew a» a sponge to suck up money, and then: r squeezed him for his own rojal purposes. Law Journal. Two English papers have just celebrated their golden jubilee-the Guardian and the Daily News. Among the early contributors to the Guardian were Manning, Coleridge» S. J., and Wilberforce. Tho Daily Newahwl for its first editor Charles Dickens, who directed it for four months. As Bhqwing th* ; progress of the times, we may menticn thafc . - a penny stamp wna impressed in each copy, . . and duty was paid on each advertisement as : well as on the material of the paper. This is how the Boston Pilot discourses - on the Venezuela-Transvaal episodes: " * What ! The two great branches of tho Anglo Saxon race fight one another I Never ! It would be a crime against civilisation ! ' That was the English cry - ten days ago. A week later, when Emperor William slapped Britain in the face, it was : 'What! The two great branches of the Teutonic race fight one another ! Never Î It would be" a crime against civilisation I* Next month or nextiyear, or whenever Russia, concludes that it ia time to foreclose on Turkey, the English will exclaim : ' What I the two great Branches of the two-legged race fight ono another ! Never ! It would be a crime against humanity ! ' If Joh» Bull were only allowed to have his way, plundering the weak and swindling tha strong, he would never w*nt a war with. :' '.. anybody and would discover a kindred tis with all whenever needed." . ; : ' Wonders never cease. The London. Telegraph's Vienna correspondent, notes that the reported invention by Professor Salvioni of an instrument for enabling the eyo to see objects which are covered by materials heretofore opaque is confirmed. The instrument consists of a cylinder of cardboard, the inner surface of which ia coated with a eubbtance that bromes fluorescent under the action of Röntgen'a roys. Ihe other end is provided with a lens. "3 The object to be examined and the cylbder are placed before the invisible .rays, developed by a Crookes' tube, when, by applying the eye to the lens, the observer Bees ou tho fluroescent substance the shadow? of the objects that are impenetrable to tho % ? i rayp. The instrument is called a orypto ! scope, and hopcB are entertawed that ifc , 1 will shortly be perfeoted. ; : 