S. A. Football Club. The South Austra ian Football Club held a meeting last evening ab Mathe eon's Hotel, <-hopro&i;(îout(Mr. Skinner) in the chuiMatters in connection with the approaching season were doalt witb. At the request oHhe Victorian Football Club the team decided to play a match on behalf of the Brunner disaster on Saturday, April 18, on the Broken Hill Oral. Should a sai ta ble hall be engaged, it is the intention of the players to stars training next Tuesday evening. Donations of £2 2s. and £1 ls. respectively were received from Messrs. H. Plant and G. F. Jenkinson, while other smaller donations were handed in. A trophy has been offered for the best gaol kicking record, while another is to be given to the player who kicks the first goal for the season in an association match. The net funds in hand now amount to over £16. J. Lawn's clearance from the South Broken Hills was received, and during the season this player will wear the South Aus- tralian colors. Members' tickets will be ready for distribution in the course of a few days. The South Broken Hills played the North Juniors a scratch football match on Saturday on the North Reserve, the latter team winning by 2 goals to nil. The goal kickers were Caines and Hyman. For the winners Davey, Smith, Caine, Normington, and Edwards played best; whilst Ford, Lynch, Bell, Moore, and Black were most con- spicuous for the loserp. Donald Haydn has the up-country horses, Ghost and Eaglehawk, looking very fit; and they should give a good account of themselves at the approach- ing meetings here. Haydn is a very painstaking trainer. Mr. T. 0. Tait has subjected The Bib Lady to a course of physic. Nominations for the prinoipal events of the Broken Hill Amateur Turf Club Races, to be held on April 25, are due on Friday next. The first and third horses in the Sydney Cup, Wallace and Trentham, are owned by Mr. W. R. Wilson. Wallace is by Carbine-Melodious, and Trentham by Trenton out of that good mare Nellie Moore. Sergeant Bromley, who gave an exhibition of club swinging at the Rifle Club banquet on Saturday, U instructor in athletics to the military in Adelaide. Sergeant Seaman, of the Adehide rifle team, carried off the championship of South Australia in 1893 and 1895. He made only a moderate score (74) on Saturday. The Broken Hill mon were beaten at th« 600 yards by the visiting rifle shots, and the advice was tendered to them by Captain Jones to practice almost exclusively at that range in future. Coil's victory in the Champagne Stakes at Randwick proves that he is the most promising Derby oolt in the field at present. He is a half brother to Camoola and Cobbitty. Mr. W. R. Wilson carried off the First Nursery Handicap at the A J. C. Meeting with Cydnus, a son of Trenton and Hypatia. Gozoczar, who finished Becond to Coil ia the Champagne Stakes, is out of The Orphan, dam of Bravo, who defea.ed Carbine in the Melbourne Cup of 1889 Wallace's time for the Cap, 3 minutes 31 seconds, is equal to the record put up by bi9 sire in 1889, and is 7^ seconds faster than Patroness cut it out last year. . 