New Lutheran Church. South Brisbane. Opening Ceremonies Yesterday. A ceremony, long anticipated with deepest interest by the German sectlon of the com- munity of South Brisbane, took place yester day in the official opening of tho Lutheran Churoh, in Hawthorne street, under the ministration of Pastor Becker. Long before 2 o'clock a crowd had gathered in and around tho grounds of tho ohurch, and eagerly awaited the coming of the procession of clergy. Pastor Sultmann (president of the Scandinavian Lutheran Synod) came first, followod by Pastor Beokor bour- ing tho oross, Pastor Gossling (prosi- ilont of tho Lutheran Mission nt Mary Yiimbn), and Pastor Molia, each carrying a candlostiok, Pastors Koohnke, Burghardt, Doblies, and Heuor. At the main door tho olergy wore receivod by Mr. Charles M'Lay, tho urchitoot, who presontod to Pastor Sult mann tho handsomo gilt key of tlio cdifico on a blue velvet cushion, briefly stating that at tho laying of the foundation stono, by Sir Henry Norman, the hope had boon ex pressed that tho work of tho building would ho well and faithfully oarricd out. Mr. M'Lay said that this hope, ho trusted, would, now nt its completion, bo found to have been fulfilled, and ho ventured to ex press tho wish that as the ohuroh was about to be consecrated, tho ministration within its walls would ho found abundantly fruitful. Pastor Sultmann on receiving tho key handed it to Pastor Booker, saying (in Gorman), in a most impressive voico, " Open wido tho doors, lift high the gates, and the King of Glory Bhall eomo in." Pastor Beokor then nnlockod tho door, and in tho namo of the Fathor, and of tho Son, and of the "Holy Ghost, pronounced tho ohuroli opon, and tho congregation streamed into tho building, soveroly taxing its powers of accommodation. Tho service opened with a festival anthem, coinposod by Herr Nurnborgor. An organ solo, tho " War Maroh of the'Prieets," from " Athalie," was given by Mr. S. G. Benson, followed by a hymn heartily sung by the congregation. After this the olinrch was consearatcd by Pastor Sultmann. Ho took for his text St. John vii. 16, 17, " My dootrino is not mino, but His that sent Mo ; if any man will da His will I10 shall know of tho dootrino whothor it ho of God, or whothor I speak of mysolf." On this 10th day of May, said tho pastor, the minds of many present would turn back over hundreds of years, not to tho glories of brilliant viotories, hut to tho littlo town of Magdeburg, consisting then of but a fow houses and the cathedral. Tho condition of tlioir religion thou wns indeed doplorablo, harassed by the Emperor, and with tueir only friend, Gustavns Adolphns of Sweden, unublo to holp them. To-day, May 10, 1896, at tlio opening of this now ohuroh, theso reflections should teach them that tho church must bo first Lutheran, tlion German. Taking for his keyj note tho words, "My dootrino is not mine, but His that sent Mo," Pastor Sultmann pointed out that not man's word but God's should in all its purity bo preuohed in tlio new chnrcli ; that whoovor voluntarily elected to do God's will, must do so in his lifo, his speech, and works; and thus tho Lutheran ohuroh, whioh, from its position, forms a landmark far nround, should by tho fervour of tho religion taught within its walls, and praotisod by itH members, become a contro focus of tho moral light of tho Luthoran faith both far and near. Aftor alluding to tho various services and suoraments to he per formed from tho altar, tho part of praiso assigned to ahoir and organ, and tlio iuvita- tion to worship given by tho bells, tho prayer of consecration was offered, imploring God's blcssiug upon tho ohuroh and tho various functions performed within its walls. After tho Liturgy had boon read by Pastor Gossling, aud other congregational hymns had boon sung, Pastor Booker undertook the arduous task of pronouncing two conHOontive discourses, ono in Gorman and ono in Eng lish. Both sermons were full of orntorioal power. In the former tho text takon was from St. Luke xiv. 17, " Oomo for all things are now ready." Alluding feelingly to the many trials und straggles which had been passed through boforo tlio realisation of what find been tho dream of their hearts for years, ho was nt last in tho joyful position to bo ublo to quote tho words of tho text. "Come, for all things are now ready." Upon tho first feoling of thankfulness to God for tho success ful fruition of their hope should follow closely a prayer that tho grnco of the Holy Ghost might abide in the building ; that after tho solemn mjunotion just givon from the altar step, that not man's words but God's should ho spoken there, hearts and hands should bo uplifted in earnest prayer, that tho graco of tho Holy Ghost should bo upon both minister aud con gregation, to onublo its fulfilment. Speaking of tho central position of tho ohuroh, the preacher said that there no longer existed any excuse of distance, or poor accommodation, for tho neglcat of God's sorvioe, nnd mado a most heartfelt and earnest appcnl to eaoh mombor of tho ohuroli to acoopt tlio in vitation, "Come, for all things are now ready." In English Pustor Booker pronounoeu an eloquent discourse, indulging happily in figurativo language from tho toxt St. John xi. 28, " The Master is come, and oalloth for thco." Our prcsont position was compared to that of 0110 standing on a bridge, with tho stream of Iub lifo flowing boneuth — in tho past the record of his Christian pro gress or retrogression ; in tho future, bo it far or near, tho inevitable end. Hero also, as in a rivor, ono scos the reflection of ono's face, "nsin a giuss darkly," so eaoh ono's 0011- soionce shows the rcflox of his oliaraotor. Life is gay with tlio thousand nttraotivo hues of tlio butterfly, yet it glistens with tho poisonous brilliancy of tho vipor. This was proved by a presentment of the pre sent ago, obverse and reverse. In the formor was shown tho freedom of tho world from national wars, tho prominonce of great and learned mon, who astonish their follows by tlioir powor, exemplifying tlio words of Sophocles, " Many powerful things exist, hut nothing mora powerful and mighty than man." On tho rdvorso was shown tho pro- vailing spirit of discontent, whether with oxisting government, laws, und social con ditions, or only with individual oiroum- stunoes, whioh fills the world witli strifo. Against all this, tho Master's call, addressed to eaoh individual of tho cliuroli, old and young, rich and poor, without distinction of ago or oireumstauco. " Tho Master calloth for thee." Tho pastor conoludod with an urgont exhortation to attend tho oall und join tho great Christian ohuroh, tho ohuroh tri umphant. Aftor the sermon Miss Thco Benson played most effectively n violin solo, Baoh's " Medi tation," accompanied on tho organ by Mr. S. G. Benson. Pastor Ilopor took tho rest of tho Borvice. A description of the building having boon given in Saturday's issuo, littlo more is neoossary, unless a more dotailcd description of tho boautiful christening basin. This is hammered out of one solid picao of silvor. Every part of it is a carefully thought out symbol of somo point in tho baptismal rite. Tho wholo forms a most artistio and beauti fully oxcouted piece of workmanship, and is n credit to tho establishment of Mr. O. A. Brown, whoneo it omanatos. It was presented to tho ohuroh by Mr. 0.' J. VVuorsohing. A largo nurabor of Eng lish oitizens were present, including Mr. J. G. Audorson, Under Secretary for Education, tho. Mayor of South Brisbano (Aid. A. F. Luya), and many othor prominent and woll known mon. "Sovoral olergvmon of other denominations, amongst thom tho Rev. J. L. Bowes and the Rev. Hugh Jonos. wore pre sent,. Tho Imperial consul (tho Hon. J. G. Heussler), and most of the leading German residents of South Brisbane wero also there. It has been arranged that a servico shall be held in English on the last Sunday of every month. 