CONSECRATION MIEETIN'G. A LARGE GATHERING. Some two thousand persons attended the consecration meeting at the Albert Hall last evening, aud the proceedings ware of a very enthusiastic nature. After the opening services had been concluded the new president (Rev. William Shaw) was introduced, and welcomed in most cordial Endeavour fashion-"breezy" he afterwards styled it, when he thanked the meeting for his reception. In a vigorous address lhr. Shaw urged upon his hearers that although during the convention meet iangs they had hcard a grcnt deal about citizenship Lhey had not heard too much. IlHe denounced the opportunism displayed in political life, and called upon his hearers to make Christ the king of their conscience, and conse crate to His service the whole of their life and work. They should hold up the banner of the cross, and keep it very high. At the conclusion of his speech Mr. Sha.w submitted to the. meeting the fol lowing resolutions, and asked those present to give. an emphatic endorse ment of them: "That .this convention places on re cord its gratitude to Almighty God for the long and prosperous reign of her gracious Majesty Queen Victoria during the past 60 yea:rs, and in the name of the Christian Endeavour Societies of the colony of T'asmania expresses their deepl affection and loyalty to her Ma jesty and their thankfulness for the benleficent influence of her rule thiroughout the Empire, and prays that 'she may be long spared to her people, and that her reign be graciously pro "That this meeting views withl ab horrence the horrible deeds enacted in Turkey and Armenia; that we sympa thise with the terrible sufferings of our persecuted fellow Christians in thbose countries, and we urge upon the British Government the speedy d.evis ing of such measures as will bring such hahrbarities to a speedy end." "That this convention expresses its profound shn.me and regret that the Parliament of Tasmania, in the recent act fer the suplpression of betting and gaming, has included clauses legalising sweeps, consultations, and lotteries; and pledges itself to use every legiti mate effort to secure the repeal of those clauses. It urges all Endeavourers who have the frnachise to unite during the forthcoming general election for the return to Parliament of representatives who will vote for such repeal." All these resolutions were carried with enthusiasm, the whole anudience rising to its feet and singing the Na tional Anthem with great fervour wlhn the first was submitted to it. Then came the roll call of the societies, of whichl 66 gave responses through their delegates in the usual formn, by the verse of a. hymn or one from the Scriptures. The Sunday school teachenrs were also called upon in like manner, and gave a similar response. The president then invited tlhe Rev. M. G. Hart to ad dress the meeting. Mr. H-art announced that his text would be the "bicycle," a strange one they might think. In a humorous way he proceeded to picture Ezekiel as foreseeing the present bicycling boom, and especially girls' cycling, the Hebrew equivalent for wheeling being "gal gal." From this the speaker went on to explain the term pneumatic, derived from the Greek wvord "pneuma," meaning spirit, wind, and he would say, with St. Paul, to the young peoplle before him, "Be ye filled with the spirit." The bicycle wheel, when charged with the air of heaven ran smoothly and beauti fully, but when it was not. properly charged. it was like a cart wheel. So it was with the Christian's life, which was very hard when. not filled with the spirit. In forcible language Mr. H-art urged his hrearers to beware of punctures-the little punctures of sin. A little wind, it was said, would sink a ship, and a little sin had ruined many a. soul. Continuing to draw I?eductions from his text the speaker said that they all knew that no bicycle would run well unless it were well oiled. It was the same -. with Christians, who must be well anointed with the Holy Ghost. When oil was spoken of it meant consecration to God, and Mr. Hart expressed a wish that his hearers would keep them selve.s "well oiled," which he also held was the best remedy for what he termed "touchy" Christians. Like bicyclists they should select good roads, the King's highway, and not the by-paths. Gambling should be avoided, and he was sorry to say. it seemed to him, tlihat the world was likely to be turned into a huge gambling shop, so strong was the desil:e to grow rich without giving any equivalent. They should then choose a good road, for in that path they would find rest. T'le speaker proceeded to denounce spiritualism as an unclean thing and an abomin ahdl evil of modern life, and also scepticism, urging the audience to keep their hands, fdet, minds, and hlearts clean. Had they a bicycle? he asked. If so they should consecrate it to God, for it was a splendid thing to run down sinner~. In conclusion he urged his hearers-the young men particularly-to consecrate their lips pockets--and by this he did not mean the large sum of a thrcepenny bit and hearts to the servica of the Lord, and this would, he said, make men of them. Thn meeting closed with prayer and the doxology. 