THE MYSTERY OF GLENELLIS. ' Ghosts, indeed ! The idea of people iu thii age believing in such niter nonsense '. It is toe ridiculous !' There was scorn in Miss Rotbsby's voice and in every feature of her pretty face as she spoke these words. Her companion, Charley King, a young civil engineer, was amused, judging by the smile that came and went before he made answer, in a half-soothing, half apologetic toue — ?' Ab, now, don't you think you arealittlf severe upon my townsfolk and their pet idiosyiicracy ? You know a belief in which one is born and brought up is a part of his very nature, accept rd in most cases wi thoyt queetioc I or reasoniug. A few of our old men, I think, j claim to bave seen and heard something very extraordinary in the Gleu years ago — before ' my time : as for the rest of us, I suppose not | half a dozen bave ever been there ; we simply j ignore the place.' ' Tbat is exactly what I supposed,' returned j Miss Rotbsby. triumphantly. *? Those antedi ! luvians* ^hosit, rain or shine, in front of hotels j aud saloous, tell their stupid vagaries over and over again until they come to believe them true, so maks others believe.' ' Ferh-'ips you are right : but tbat does not liter tbe f*et that the Glen bears an evil reputa tion, and r.we .are all ;f»^liar_'mtb. theiAcodi ' :urdling stories of deeds fcaiti to bnvfe'tfappeiiya 4 there.' sic ' It seems to me they can easily be explained . o Doubtless wfcea tftisobuntz^ w&s; ^Heta' wks the rendezvous for 'ruffians and outlaws ; secluded, aliaost inacfetsiMs £oisttft}& wtaWsffet^ there to be surprised,. To aoubly secu^e^tbem-: selves they circulated itiorriblo ' tales, raisfcd-ar few ghosts, ^ndjniadtijoce^aions 4»jknj-o^e ther»j upon tbe crcdulouS early settlers. There is the' case in a nutshell.'' Charley shook; Ml: head in iSo^ibtful way that' ; irritated the pretty philosopher. ? ' Very wellqwfc\Mi»?tdthstiv f l«it there cortaic thiijgs-^ . jjh, .in-'At--: i ic J ltu'; Nonsense ! ' she broke in half laughiogiyi half augnl^j know rvouv;^^Tgoirrg «tOTaAT:; something gpptd SfldoW-fasbidned, iand J swill : uot permit it. The robbers areMost-king'-tigo; and the ghosts and terrible deeds v∋^insd^vitj};, them, you may J?e,sure.; vet have youc all. for such a palp aMe im postfifre; tbe most earth, tic upon you, young men, to let such a state of things r ' 'But what can we do about it ? We were taught to respect the opinion of our elders, and Lave done so.' ' That's all very well ; bnt respect can be carried too far.' 'WcH, what do you suggest?'* asked Chat-ley, a trifle impatiently. j ' That tlie Glen be thoroughly investigated. Just let the place be invaded by merrymakers, and the 6pell will be broken. Once known it | will become famous, so that people will come I from far and near to see it.' -' ? | ' It may be all just as you Kay, -' responded : the young man. - . . ? H ' But you forget the flowers. You told me that on :-the first day of your visit to the -Glen , you broke a blood-red blossom from its, stem, when, a- stream of red fluid trickled from the stalk, and the flower 4-eeame white. How do j you account for that'?' ! '? I don't try to account for it. Who can ] explain the vagaries aT nature ? One flower ' stem exudes a milky substance, and-theo-'* red i fluid, a third pure water. All are equally wonderful iwd incomprehensible. ,|t is abeuiyi^] to be |iffecte«l by a phenomenon just '^because' ! one doesn't understand it!-9 ~ ~ J '? Nevertheless. ,1. 4unk the flowers are the 1 5*e*te»t.:'ob3eefcio|i . |g~,s-jar:' project. ^ Theirs] peculiarity seems unTrholeaome* to say the I suppose to— and &ta;£u&haj-ity; ? You canBot .t^iDk howi^^av^ «et4ay'faeart on this acaSg iii^the i'ilen. ImB^ine tho effect orib , or two bundered lanterns. is nSl a thihg [ ^H»uld;wish,'changed.'*'' ' ?* Except the flowers,' i *' Except the flowers. ' I wish they would dis appear for that oue evening . Do yoa think we can persuade the others ?' ?. ' We'll try ; the idea will be quite startling, however. -We - shall ineet with'moch more opposition from -the parents than from tbe young folks suad if we hasten matters it will * leave less time for talk. . Friday will be the * harvest moon,' why tiot have it then ?' | ' Just tiie thing .1 Do yoa eoppose Blarney I and his harpers will go ?' ' No, indeed, nor any other musicians in Ellendalel We'll have to forego dancing.' ' A moonlight picnic without dancing ? Preposterous ! If the harpers will not yield to my powers of persuasion papa must furnish the music ; he knows all about the Glen, and will be glad to help us.' ' I will tell you beforehand that you may as well reserve your powers of persuasion for the papas and mammas, aunts and uncles, who de clare- they have heard unaccountable sounds issue .from the Glen. Yon will tteed them all, and wish tor more before we successfully lay the ghost. Ah 1 here come L-etty and Tom Mavnard, and that is Jack Craig .and Miss Annie behind them. Good ! Now we can be gin the attack.' ! Charley King had returned but a few weeks before this conversation from a five yeare' absence in distant lands. Among his fellows there none bad a higher reputation than he for those qualities whicli meu as well as women most admire. .It wns not strange then that pretty Miss Rotbsby, whom he found visiting his sister, an old schoolmate, should find bim particularly attractive, and be, for his part, had declared to Iiimself, after the manner of men hard bit at first sight, tbat it should be Miss Rotbsby or no one. About a mile from Ellendale was the haunted gleu of which they had been speaking, marvel lously beautiful and picturesque. Miss Roths by had spent many an hour there, for her friend and hostess was an important personage in household and parish matters, and there were times when the visitor must ontei tain herself. As she was a good walker she soon knew the country for miles around better than most of the young women born and bred in tbe town, and so discovered the beautiful and secluded spot which bore so bad a reputation. ' Better uot go there again, Miss Hothsby,' her host said to her when she spuke of -her ex pedition at the diuner table, and wondered that so charming a place was so little known. ?' It is humiliating to admit that we are the victims . of superstition, but everyone in the community believes that the Glen is haunted.' ' Then, as I should immensely enjoy a friendly chat with a boua-fide ghost, I shall make it a point to go soon again,' laughed the young lady. *' I hope not.' said Mr. King, gravely, ' for I feel deeply upon this subject. You, of course, notised the oak tree that hides the pathway ? It was planted when I was a boy. A dreadful thing had happened there just before, though I cannot say positively there was anything super natural about it.' ' What was it ?' asked Miss liotbsby. curi ously. ' Tell meo all the story, please.' ?? I can only tell you what I know. An odd looking foreigner passed through the town one day, and disappeared in the Glen. That night a shock as ot earthquake was felt, and people who passed near the forest hear strange, un earthly cries. From ,time to time these strange shocks wers repeated. The man was never seen again, and it was supposed that he was murdcr j etl.' ?* Oh ! and is that all asked Miss Rotbsby, iu a disappointed toue. 1 ' The authorities considered it enough, and resolved to render the Glen as inacessible as possible. For aught 1 know, yours is the first foot that has stepped within it lor forty years.'' ' I must say, then, that you have lost more than you can imagine, and I shall try to atone for your neglect of the loveliest spot ou earth.' Su answered the wilful beauty ; and to the Glen she went thereafter as often as oppor tunity allowed, declaring to herself, as she sat upon the greensward drinking in the beauty of her surroundings,- that it was ench&ted;' ground, and that she was under the magic spell. 'When Charley King came he was a willing escort, and 60- long as she was by his side, what- did it matter where they went. ? The picnic by moonlight had been a long talked of plan among the young people of the village. The selection of the place was left tc these two visitors snd they had chosen 'the haunted glen. Friday was the night appointed. Some acquiesced willingly, others reluctantly, but no one had the courage to refuse' save the musicians, who were proof against the little heiress's most generous offers, and could not be persuaded to ' resk their lives, reason, and in stroonients by gou' to. the hauts of tbe deviJ hisself.''' So Mr. Rothsby supplied the music, giving the men he sent from the ci tyinstructionf to render any assistance they could, bidding them, if possible, to arrange and light the immense number of Chinese lanterns he con signed to them without the knowledge of the party. His plan worked well, for that their last night might not be assailed by tales not con ducive to steady hands, they were met at the train and directed to the Glen, with strict in junctions not to p'uck so much as a blade of , grass. The sun had not yet set behind the distant mountain top when doors ;here and there throughout pretty Ellendale opened for the. gay picnickers to sally forth. Merrily they set out, , followed by, kindly anxious wishes. Merrily they trooped through the village streets «ith jest and laughter, 'while curious eyes peeped at them from behind blinds or open doorwayB. But when they entered tbat distant pathway Biid the sweet perfume of the forest pervaded the air as their li^ht feet pressed the carpet of pine needles, the jest died away, the laughter ceased, and their voices had a ; hollow sound. . Feat seized upon them ; each had a strong desire to turn back, but shrank from the ridicule . of his fellows. Then the spasm passed, and in low voices they talked of little - matters in the village. When the exquisite beauty of the Gleri burst upon their view all other . thoughts were dispel led, and the nervous reaction, of their ^round- tess' terror made them doubly merry. Hundreds of lanterns gleamed faintly in- the fading twi light from the trees and x ines on either «de, and tbe grand old oak. which barred the en trance was fairly covered with them; * The' first glimpse of tiie fair ' queen of the night,-*' as her silvery disc rose above the :tree tops, was the signal for a song, halt ch&nt.; half rounde lay, that had been composed for the occasion, aud as the young people stood in the pride and strength of their youth,, their, face? upturned, their rich, sweet voices filling 'the dying day with melojy, one would have said. ' Wise Miss Kothsby ! Surely no restless, nnholy Bpirits can abide here longer.. The -magic1 of your innocent bravery; arid your pure voices' must ex orcise them for -evermore.' jn Scgij^ly speaking, -in little groups, the youngs Tollcs wandered from spot to spot in.an ecstacy of delight. Especially did the flqwers ' that gleame4.so red upon the ground attract' them wjw Rothsby bad exaggerated the stain they made that they might be left untouched. She felt now that some natural explanation -ccnild be given of their unpleasant'': peculiarity,' but dreaded its effect upon -weak nerves, so : wisely advised her companions -to beware of them ? ? , _ She. learned from i the musicians, that her ImlBt had inteuded. coming on the same traiu with thpm, but .being, detained at Hie last min TiteP ne would take the nerfr oue. anid be with itiem Before the evening was-iver ; so, as her ligfcft'fee* kept time to a favourite waltz, and a fate! fchfe much approved was very near to hers, sfe: thought her cup of earthly bliss ' was iiea rly ?fuH..--tiS ; ? ;; , r ??? : waTSThere was to be dancing until nine o'clock, when 6upper wbuld be served, and afterwards more dancing if they chose; but tbe parents had ' insisted that the young 'folks sh^uld-be-at home by eleven, and Mrs. Grav bad promised for Tbemby virtueofher ch'sperohaje. The camp - ifire was lighted on a great flat stone near the oak -tree, and to show its good fellowship crackled in the most cheerful way, ; while its ruddy glowitorew' into brighter relief the sombre branches ot the pines u-ayup the sides of the Glen. The 'baskets were emptied of tlieir good things, the; tempting, feast was snr^ad. toe frag rant aroma 4-f t&e; coffee proclaimed, the, last thing ready. knd *Mrr Kihg; ,tis master of the ceremonies! wps febout giving tbe sigu&l; for them all to asJsertblpp when distinctly ! throughput the place there c^me a soft, silvery . sound Hke the tone of a clock striking ihe hour of nine. 5 The dancers, pausing in tlieir giddy whirl, looked ait each other and said, : ' What a pretty device of :i Miss Rothsby's ,T'' but tven as they spoke the. ! earth seemed1 to treinble beneath 1beir! test,1 while a iurid. uneaithly glow lit up with appal ling distinctn^ssevary pbject.jn.tiicXrlen.to the . very top of ^tlws beetling ledge above them. . , j i With a discorSaift,1 j'ufrnig sournVtlie music stopped, f- Hearts beat- fast cheeks grew white; - theu the-sohn.-ie. died away..,; j... .. .. ..., ' .What is it )' JWhat does it mean ?' every body was. £Lskii-grr :? * :ri i Charley King xu^de a nswer. althaugh^lie ksouUl , ,apt qujite control tl-£ tiemori^ )iis,yulce.. « „,t ? .*!' ft ^'iBTii fcMh V slight of earth- , quaWor „some ielecU-ical ilistdH--nce.; 1'liave Seen mist woiid^rFjli pheitomcnk 'in my time.'' '.. Paitly rea^u^t^.thejjmusicif^is fv^it back to j their stand kind the c-impaiiy sat «town to lablc,.. ^but it was | j^ vain j^.l J'.L X-ti L ;? - - 'ally, in Tain they svo veto eat. ' Tlieir voices were'thick. their' haids^trembledi fheir hearts beat painfully quickand loud-., t ; After, a few jriArierits tlrs. Gray, 'smiling* faintly, said — j ? ; ' My friends, If jar Ihave taken-cold in this beautiful bat moist^lace. I propose that,we: adjourn to warmer juarters. What say you to: a gaod-night waltz vt my house ?' - ? , Before an answer could be given again there sounded throughodt the Glen the faint, low' chime, so awfull_v distiuct in its -sweetness. With one impuis^ all started to their feet. Suddenly a yell of human , agony, stifled. and seeming to come fr-m beneath them. ' reached their ears, and a rocky door in the cliff swung; back, revealing a cavern filled with light ; bat brighter than the light about it was a human form wrapped in flame that sprang oat of it and' fell upon the greensward. .Here was something tangible, 'and Charley; King swiftly led :the way towards this new: horror. Too late ! the form lay still, the voice: was silent, and the flames were masters at last; of him who had so long been their master. Exorcised werethe ghosts for ever, harmless was the subterranean chamber tilled with un meaning apparatus and curious chemicals to those who found them, for the evil genius was dead. For yeats the foreign alchemist had sought to wrest from nature, at any cost, her secrets, and had found, at last, her very great est death. 