Our Melbourne Letter, 1 BT TOBIAS. / Sir Gerrard Smith, or Jerry Smith as the Westralians familiarly and playfully dub him, is a man fully seized of the magnitude and importance Of his official position, and the «coruscating lustre of his little title. He was invited on a recent occasion "to open a railway between the boom' •burst centres known euphoniously as Cooigatdie and -•Kalgoorlie. Jerry wentj attd his lady too was a member •of the august vice-regal retinue. 3?hey were the gaests of Mr and Mrs George Grey during their sojourn in the district credited with possessing " Mountains of gold." This hospitable host and hostess gave up, almost •exclusively, their home to him and his suite during his visit, with that freedom of generosity so characteristic •of country people in Australia, imagine the amazement of these •hospitable people when informed by -Smith's aid-de-camp that his vice-regal highness would take his meals in a separate room. Later on their -astonishment and indignation knew no bounds when this imperial cad requested the pleasure of their company to dinner ? Ah, ye cods and little Wishes, what a specimen of an insufferable snob must this small creature, this vice-regal figure-head of Western Australia, be! Can anybody wonder •after this, and, failing to wonder, fail to appreciate the manly dignity, the -official independence of the railway station master who told him to go to •hell a few days ago? We want a 'few editions of that station master in Victoria. * *. * The cycling epidemic is spreading 4ike wild-fire, and growing more virulent in its intensity, despite the -clerical efforts to stem its immoral •advances. The road race from Warnambool to Melbourne, in which Carpenter lately came off victorious, created an amount of enthusiasm that may be more fitly described as frenzy. Thousands, mounted on every shape of conceivable u bike, M from the -antiquated bone-shaker to the most , modern and expensive specimen of the art, lined the road approaching sthe Haymarket for nearly a. mile; -and thousands arrived too late to •witness the finish. The distauce, 165 miles, was accomplished in 8 hours and 40 minutes, or at the rate 'of 19 miles an hour, from start to finish. This compares favorably with the railway system of Victoria generally, and beats the Warnambool train into a cocked hat. • # • Western Australia is now undergoing all the experiences incident to gold-digging life here, in the early fifties. There was a lockup in those days, during the infancy of a new rush; and the lawbreaker, or the man Whose claim to seek for earth's treasure was not fortified by a miner's right, had to be chained to a log until tardy justice decided his fate. A story comes from the West with a strong aroma of these early reminiscenses. When the charge was preferred up Kalgoorlie way lately, the prisoner could not be presented ; and had accordingly, to be discharged. The -police officer explained the absence of the prisoner by informing the bench that he had to be chained to a log, forming a portion of the primitive lock-up, and that they had •been -unable to undo the chain, when the necessity for the prisoner's removal had arisen. Blacksmiths are evidently at a high premium at , Kalgoorlie. Latest advices from the Westfail to inform us of the prisoner's Sate. Even if a contract to burn «down the log shanty had been let, •the difficulty of removing the chain had still to be confronted. In our most primitive days we could do better than our neighbours of the West. There is a fascination about the detective business to which we are all more or less a prey. Before ever Conan Doyle came upon the scene, we were all of us, mostly, in our young days, filled with a burning and insatiable desire to become great de tectives. Any one, we thought, could become a poet or a detective, and these two ambitions of youth, generally, exercised a divided sway. My ambition, however, never ran in the groove of personating à detective. This was a mean and spurious ambition from which, to my thinking, an original mind should shrink in cold aversion. And yet there ia no individual • factor of public or private life personated as often as the detective. The acme of lofty greatness is, in the eyes of many people, to be taken for a detective. A youngfellow named TIenty, to whom aliases are not an unknown quantity, followed the beaten track in Flinders-street, eight or ten days ago. and paid the penalty in retirement. In twenty four hours after he '' came out M he 'knocked down £i$ in nobblers alone. He is said to be the son of a New York banker, and heir to £30,000 ! And yet the highest ambition of this gilded youth in the course of his wanderings round the globe, is to be mistaken for a detective. Egad, it is a funny generation in which we live ! Oarlyle was right when he said England had a population of about 40 millions—mostly fools! • * * • When, I ask, is the reformer to arise whose mission it will be to innoculate the Law Department with the lymph of common sense in the interests of the taxpayers ? A case has arisen within the past few days which illustrates not only the imbecility but the extravagances of a system, which has obtained for years past, of transferring prisoners, under certain circumstances, from one district to another in the colony. A female drunk at Ballarat was fined 5s. a little time ago for over-indulgence. In commiseration of her destitute condition, she was allowed a week in which to ante up. Instead of liquidating, however, she made her way to Melbourne, that great reservoir of the unfortunate and impecunious. A warrant was issued at Ballarat for her arrest, and duly executed here. She was locked up, and subsequently conveyed by a constable to the scene of her olden revelries. By the time she was presented again before the Golden City Bench her term of imprisonment had practically expired) and she was free once more to celebrate her return with the usual rejoicings. It cost the country £3 10s. for the recovery of this five bob—and it wasn't recovered after all! Lay on the taxa* tion, my political masters! Another turn of the retrenchment screw, another distension of the taxation net, and such luxuries as this described may still continue to be indulged, as a playful recreation in political economy. Report hath it that there will be two vacancies on the Supreme Court bench early next year. Sir Hartley Williams has never taken kindly to the want of recognition accorded his claims, when the Chiefship became vacant on the death of Higinbotham. A Knightship failed to reconcile him to what he viewed as a want ot appreciation of lis merits, if not a positive injustice. Since Judge Hodges took to bicycling, it is noticed that he too has become unsettled, and little wonder, poor man! He has now a desire to cast off the ermine, and prosecute the new craze unrestrained, a,nd to the bitter end. To fill those vacancies there will be found applicants in plenty. Higgins and Topp and Isaacs are in the running, and so Would Sir Bryan too, if he chanced to t>e in office, when the national calamity comes down upon us like a wolf on. the fold. Purvis is never mentioned for these big things— and, what is more, never will be. His line' at the bar was never directed with an eye to the ermine. He never graduated in the school of'pleasant Sunday evening entertainments/ not having been built, as the saying goes, in that way. He can safely be put aside in considering the chances for the Puisne Stakes. If Isaacs wasn't Attorney general, he wouldn't have the ghost of a show in competition with Higgins or Samuel St John. But then, you see, he ohances to be Attor ney general, and may continue to be if the great event comes off, as it is expected to do, ia the early days of the new year. Verily* he will be rewarded, ij he makes himself a Supreme Court Judge, amply rewarded, in a political sense, for his treachery and disloyalty to his superior in the Patterson Ministry 1 Who will say that virtue is not its own reward, it this comes to pads 1 Can nothing be done for brother Jack also 1 Can't he get anything in the law—something suitable and pompouslike, say a bailiff? Yes, the state should do something for the whole Isaacs family, to show its gratitude for loyal and consistent statesmanship! » * * The Revds. ilalley and Bevan had a 4 bad quarter of an hour' from the Premier on Friday afternoon, when a mobster deputation of nonconformists and temperance apostles waited on him with reference to the raffle question At a meeting of the congregational Union which was held a few days previously, the Revd. gentlemen alluded to, were reported to have made some uncharitable remarks, by which motives were attributed all round, to Turner, to Isaacs, and to Duffy, charg ing them with sympathy towards the rafflists, on account of affinity of religi ous principles and national brother hood. It is wedlftKH l.hnl; il>i reckless system ofattributing 'motives, 1 which has become a. constituent element of our national character, is lighly indecorous in. ministers of the gospel. Mr Dalley got out of the difficulty by an airy admission that he was in a humorous vein at the moment, and not to be taken seriously. Dr. Bevàn avoided the difficulty, by being absent, I was about to say ' conveniently ' absent, but I would be then indulging in the objectionable phase of character of which I have just expressed my condemnation. To say that Turofer and Isaacs and Duffy gave carte blanche to the A.N.A, the Hebrew, and the Hibernian societies because they were in sympathy with them from national and religious motives was a statement wholly unworthy of the speakers, and one which should be left to the political 'arena, where unworthy insinuations of this nature have no exotic growth. * • * # Mathieson is on the war path ; and Mathieson seems to be the right man in the right place. It will be remembered that the line from Penshurst to ! Dttnkeld was incontinently closed some time ago, and the key turned in the lock. The new manager is going a step farther, it is. said, and is not only going to close some of the abortive lines, but will tear up the rails and leepers, and utilize them slsewhere. f allowed to remain on the unused lines, the process of decay would be more rapid than if actually being used. This drastic policy will be an eye-opener to many. Now shall we tiave the interested log-rollers up in arms; and a cry, the like of which we lave not hoard for years, resound from, the abandoned stud ship-wrecked crews left at last to paddle their own canoes in the lagoons of a terra incognita/ * * * What a glorious respense, what a iberal and noble response to the invitation Lady Brassey issued on behalf of the Blind Asylum! The Pulpit, the Senate, and the Bar, flocked to her standard and vied with each other in the liberality of their response to the call of duty." I wonder if anybody else called, and the arena was a doublefronted cottage of modest proportions in Collingwood or Richmond, how many of the distinguished guests would have enrolled themselves beneath the humbler banner, waving its tattered bunting in the hands of plebian respectability i Ah, here am I now, with the bit between my teeth! have just condemned two overearnest divines for attributing motives, and here am I at this moment tottering on the summit of' the seething volcano. How weak is the strongest of us after all! Never mind. A noble and deserving institution has benefitted with a promptitude that seems almost marvellous, benefitted to the tuue of £1,300, through the tact, and sympathy, and benevolence of a kindhearted woman, who seems to have read Pope's line to advantage: u The proper study of mankind is man!" A competitor for the Speaker's chair, of which there promises to be a plentiful crop, has arisen in the person of Mr Robert Harper* Harper is a man of "infinite variety" and would make as good a Speaker as it is possible to cull from the heterogeneous elements that constitute the present Assembly. Though a. high financial authority, a keen critic, an. able de bater, and a politician in its truest sense, somehow or other Harper has continued to be a political failure Whether his tongue, extreme views, and inordinate appreciation of Robert Harper himself, is responsible for this, or not, I will not assume to say. This I will venture to predict, however, that no abler Speaker lias yet filled the chair than Robert Harper would make. He is the " still strong man;" but this is not his only qualification. The House would. be honored by the selection. # * * Rumour hath it that dear old Bevan is about to leave us at last. Faddist and all as he is; he was a sincere anc honest minister, and a man who has left his impress upon the social and religious life of our community. He had more enthusiasm to the square inch than any man of his age in Aus tralia, and his enthusiasm was always directed in good and wholesome anc benovèlent channels. He was a fear less advocate of every cause be espoused. The only one he abandonee; was his sympathy with Home Rule, when he found his leanings were unpopular with his congregation Though he abandoned all allusion to it in latter years, he was still, no doubt, like the proverbial parrot, a beggar to think. And what a family, what an intellectual family the grand old man can evhibit to John Bull as a proud Australian growth! Two of his sous will be heard of in Oxford or Cambridge, as they have already been heard of at our own alma motet. When the day of his departure has come, we shall, with» regret, wish him God «peed. 