THE STORYTELLER The Grey Man. fit S. fc. t)Rt)t!KETt, Author of 'the Stickit Minister,'' ''The Raiders,' ' The Lilac Sun Bonnet,' &c.; Chapter XXXVII.— THE VOICE FROM THE J SEA. Now, so lc.ng as provisions last, Ailsa is none such a bad sanctuary. And we ruiglit. have passed the time there very w ell bad we poK-csnd minds sufficiently at eat-c for enjoying- a hermitage. The spring was hut a few yards above the castle, and it rah cryi-tal clear into a little bai-in which I cut in the robk: We had enough to sfcrve us vith the provision we had bought in Girvtui) aiid -frith what I shot of . the puffins or Tammie Norrifefe, which rail in abd out of their holes all day like conies in a warren. Sometimes we would climb to the top of the eraig and look at the sea, which seemed like n great sheet hung upon Gantyre aud Arran on the one side and the hills of Galloway and Carrick ou the other — with Ailsa itself, ou which we were sitting in the deepest trough of it. A few boats crept limidly about the shore, and a little ship sometimes passed, but otherwise we had for com panions only the silly guille inots that coupbd their tails uppermost and dived under, and the fishing-gulls that dropped splash into the water, the solan or solemne geese making ^bigger splash than any, even as on the cliffs of the island their keckling is the loudest. One day the Dominie and I were sitting on the roof of all things (as the summit of Ailsa seemed to be), picking the grasses and knuckling little stones for idleness and the idlesse which comes with summer weather, when it came in my head to rally Robert Mure because he had a cold hearth stone and a half -empty bed* ' You. a burgess aud learned man, with au official rent and yearly iharge on the burgh, yet cannot get so much a cotter's sonsy bib lass to keep you company, and sit, bleeking like Jenny and Jock, oxi the far side of the chimbley lug. Think shame of yourself, Dominic. Any questing lout that can persuade a tow-headei Mall of the byre to set up house with him deserves better of his country than you. Were all like you Mpbole school might have none to attend it but dotards ' And grandmothers. Aud where were your craft then, Socrates ' I asked hiin. For he had ljeeu speaking of a wise man. a Greek of that name. And at first he made a jest of the matter, as indeed I meant it. ' Never fear,' he said, ' there will always be fcii'jUgh fools iu Ayrshire to get more. May bole stall have its share.' And indued that hath been the repute of our town and country-side since Ayr v ater first ran over its pebbles ! ' Yet. when I pressed the Dominie upon the mat ter, he waxed thoughtful. His face, which was not naturally merry, took on a yet sterner expres sion. Present iy he put out his hand within his blouse and pulled out a little string of beads, such as Catholics wear to miud tht-m of their prayers. It was su.-pended about his neck. This I own ] was a great marvel to me, for tl,e. Dominie was a strong Reformer and show ed little mercy in arguing with inen yet inclined to the ancient opinion, jit gave tbe rosary into my hand; and I turned it curiously about. It was made of the stones of some foreign fruit, most curiously and fantasti cally carven and joined together with l^tle links of gold. . Between two of the beads there was a longer npftion of the chain, and upon it two rings of gold wire strung. ' Once;?' said the Dominie, ' there .was a maid who had- promised to share my hearth. One ^ ling of these two was mine, to wear upon my finger, and one was hers. Upon the uight before our marriage' day we met at outplace of tryst. I tried the ring upon her linger aud wished her to wear it that night. ' To-morrow will serve — it is not so far away ! ' she said, and slipped from my arms. Under a new-risen moou she weut homeward, singing by the heads of Bennane. And that was the last that these eyes ever beheld of bonuy Mary Torrance — save only this necklace of beads and the stain of her blood upon the short grass of the seashore.' I The Dominie looked long to seaward at the I flashing birds that circled aud clauged about our rocky isle, each tribe of them following their own orbit and sphere. ' Aud what had happened to her r ' I began. (t Murder, riiont foul,' lie cried i risitig to his feet in bis agitation, ' horrible, unheard of in any kingdom. For all about the spot where these things were found was the trampling of many naked feet. And some of these were small and some were great. But all were naked, and the print of every foot was distinct upon the sand of the shore. Everv footprint h;id the toes of the uaked feet wide and distinct. Every toe was pointed with a claw, as though the steads were those of birds. And the fearsome beast-prints went down to the sea edge, and the blood marks followed them. Aud that was all.' Then the Dominie fell silent, and I also. For thougn Ayrshire was | full of blood feuds and the quest of human life, this was a new kiud of murder to me though it j seemed not rare in the neighbourhood of Bennane. As I looked over the Dominie's shoulder, lo ! there seemed to me to be a maid in white coming along tbe path.— Chapter XXXVII. For, I minded the words of the Mistress of Chapel doiinan. f-V And hud she no enemies, this Mary Tor rance ' I asked, v!' She was young and of birth too lowly for feuds and fightings. Besides, who in Carrick would harm a maid going homeward from her love-tryst ? ' The Dominie rose and walked away to the other side of the rock of Ailsa, where for long he eat by liimsel and lingered the neeklacc of beads. His face was fixed, as if he were making of the rosary a catena of hate, of dark imaginings and vengeful vows. Scarcely could I see my quaint and friendly Dominie. It was that night as the midnight grew grey towards the morn that I yielded my watch upon the roof of the little Castle of Ailsa to the Do minie. Too long I had paced the battlements listening to the confused aud belated crying of the 6ea birds upon the ledges, and the mysterious night sounds of the isle. For I began to bear and to see all manner of uncouth things that had 1 no existence except on the borderland of sleep. % The Dominie said no word, but drew his cloak about him and sat down on the rampart. I bade him good morning, but he never answered me a word. And so I left him, for I judged that his thought was bitter and that the tale he had told me of Mary Torrance lay blackly upon him. Yet, when I went below, it was uot with me as 1 ou other mornings. I la}' down upon the plaids | and composed me to sleep. Yet I lay broad awake, j which was an extraordinary thing for me, who | have been all my life a great sleeper. I lay and 8 thought of my friend sitting gloom}' and silent |f above in the grevness of morn till my meditations grew eery aud comfortless. Often and often I | started upon my elbow with the intention of going | to him. As often Hay down again, because I had | no excuse and (as it seemed to me) he had not | desired my company. j But once, as I lifted me up on my elbow, I J seemed to hear a shrill crying' as it had been out g of the sea, ' Launcelot — Launcelot Kennedy ! 1 it cried. And the crying was most like a woman's j voice. My very blood chilled within me, for the | tale of the lass murdered upon the morn of her f marriage day was in my mind, And I thought of | naught less than that the | uneasy spirit came to visit | the man, aged and withered, J who sat up there waiting j aud watching. Yet 'why it | should cry my name passed I my comprehension. j It was, therefore, small j| wonder that I listened long, B lying there upon the floor. j I But the night wind soughed and sobbed through I the narrow wicket window, and there was no 1 further noise. Thinking that I had dreamed, I laid my head upon the hard pillow and computed me to sleep. But even then I heard as it had been the regular beat of a boat's oars upon the row locks. And anon I heard my name cried thrice and thrice, ' Launcelot Kennedy r Launcelot Kenned y ' Whereat with a thrill of horror I rose, cast the wrappings from me, and, with my naked sword in my hand, I went up to the roof of the castle. The Dominie was sitting with his face turned seaward. He heard me come behind him. With out turning he put out his hand. -?*' ' Did you hear it too r ' he said. ' Go below. | That which shall come is not for your eyes to g see : ' j ' But I heard a woman call my naine! ' I said. I ' L heard it twice and thrice, plain as I hear you | speak ! I (Continued on page 976.) ' Kay,' he said, ' not your name — mine ! ' | And once more we listened together. As for me, I strained my eves into the darkness so that j they ached and were ready to behold anything, I ' looked out directly towards the sea, from which - the sounds had come ; but the Dominie looked along the path which led precariously between the wall of the isle above and tbe precipice below. Suddenly I heard him draw in his breath with a gasping sound, like that which a man gives when he finds himself unexpectedly in ice-cold water. The twilight of the morning had come a little, and as I looked over his shoulder, lo I there 6cemed to me to be a maid in white coming along the path. I felt my heart stop beating, and I, too, gazed rigidly, for it seemed to me to be Nell Kennedy eoming towards us robed like an angel. ' She is dead ! ' I thought. ' Mayhap the clawed things out of the sea. have devoured her, even as they took Mary Torrance ! ' But I heard the Dominie say under his breath, ' It is she ! It is she ! ' For in the moment of terror, when the soul is unmanned, eveiy one hears with his own ears and sees with his own eyes. But the figure came ever closer to us, stepping daintily and surely in the dim light. Again I heard the voice which hiad 6poken to me, and at the sound my bones quake 1 within me. ' Launcelot — Launcelot Kennedy ! ' it said. Aud for a long moment the figure stood still as if waiting for an answer. But my voice was shut dumbly within me ~ The Dominie stood up. 'Art thou the spirit of Mary Torrance or a de ceiving fiend of hell that has taken her shape ? Answer me or I fire ! ' And the Dominie held out his pistol to the white-sheeted ghost. Which even then appeared to me a mightily vain thing, for can a spirit fear these things which, are only deadly to flesh and bone ? 'I have come to see Launcelot Kennedy,' said the voice, and it appeared awful and terrible to me beyond the power of words. I could not so much as fix my mind on a prayer, though I knew * several well enough. ' I have cpme to seek Launce Kennedy. Is he within ? ' said, tlie voice. ' What w6uld you with him ? He is no con cern of yours,*' said the Dominie. ' I ken that,' said the voice.. Nevertheless, I have come to seek him. I greet you well, Dominie Mure. Will you let Helen Kennedy within ? ' And with that the light came clearer. The veil of the fantasies of the fearful night fell from my eyes. And, lo ! there at the tower's foot was my dear quipsome lass, Nell Kennedy, in her own proper body, and I knew her for flesh and blood. Nor could I now tell how I had . so deceived my self. But ane thing I resolved— that I should not revealJjnj^ terror to her, for she would very certainly laugh at me ! ' A ; But the Dominie was too fixed in his thought; I saw him grip his pistol and l^an over the parapet.; 1 It seemed that he could not even believe the eeemg of bis eyes.- j , ? : ' Come notnearer,'he cried in a wild voice, ' ' you are fiend of ' the breed of the sea demonsj. whatsoever you may pretend. I will try a bullet of holy silverupoii you.' j But I threw myself upon him and held his arm. ' . ' It is b'lit Nell Kennedy,' I said. ' What ' flights you, Dominie ?' For I resolved to make a virtute; of my courage. And, indeed, bb. I came to myself first, and had done no open foolishness, I thought I might as well take the credit which was due to me. 'See you not tliat it is'Tlcleri Kennedy of Culzean ? ' I repeated, reasoning with him. ' Aud what seeks, she with. you ? ' said he, still strugling in my grasp. ' It is a prodigy, and bodes us no good,' he persisted. ' That X Cannot tell,' said I. ' I had thought her safe upon the moors with my mother. . But I will go down and open the door to her.' v ? ' ! So when I had run down the stairs of th^ small j keep and set the bolt wide, lo, there upon the step . was Nell Kennedy, her face dimpled with smiles, albeit somewhat pale also with the morning light and the strangeness of her adventure. . ' . I held out mv hand to her. Never had I been so moved with any 'meeting. ' Nell ! ' I said, and'conld say no more. 'Aye, Launce, Nell! ' she said. And elie came in without taking- my hand. But for all that she \- was not abashed or shame-faced. But as direct and simple inker demeanour as she had been about ; Culzean inLthe oii days before -sorrow fell upon the house, and iipon lis all. ' Take me up the stairs - to the Dominie,'- she said. And ! took her hand and kept it tightly as we went upwards. But I tried for no greater favours at ' that time, for I knew that her mood leaned not towards the desires of a lover. 'Ah, Dominie,'.' said Nell when she reached the top, ' this is a strange place to keep school in. Yet I warrant that geese are not more numerous here than they were in Maybole 3 ' But the Dominie could only gaze at her, thus daffiug with liim, so fixed had he been in his fan tasy. Then we ?waited for Nell to reveal her errand and to relate her adventure. ' You must instantly leave Ailsa and come with me,' she said. ' My 6ister Marjorie is lost from Auchendrayne, and we three must find her. I fear that the Mures have done her a mischief, fearing the things that she might reveal' j ' How.kiiewyou of that, Nellie ? ' I asked, j For, indeed', it wm a thing I had no guess at my- j self/' , ' I ' It was one morning' at Kirreoch,' said Nell, j 'as we were bringing in the kye out of the green j pastures -by the waterside, that a messenger rode I up with a letter from Marjorie.' She asked me to meet her at Culzean and to bring you end any otherlaithful men whom I could trust with me. And thus the letter ended : ' For gin I once win clear out of Auchendrayne, we have them all in the hollow of onr hand. I have found him that carried the letter.* ' ' She means the letter that took your father to the tryst of death.'' The Dominie seemed to tiwake at the words. ' That will be young 'William Dalrymple she ha? failed on with,' he said. : - I rose, and hastened down to put our belongings together, which were scattered about the castle. Meanwhile, Nell went on : ' Then because J knew not where you were,' she said, ' I was in distress. But your father donned his -war graith and rode with me to the house of Culzean, where he yet abides. But, as for me. I could noways rest. So I set myself to trace you. Aud here I have found you. Pray God we may find our Marjorie as safely !' 'But how did you manage to trace us?' I asked. For the Dominie arid I thought that we had well-hidden our tracks.' ' Oh, I got the kindly side of the goodwife of Chapeldonnau,' Baid Nell, lightly. And when I heard that I did not wonder any more. For 6he could get the kindly side of any one, if so she chosc. Nell Kennedy, in spite of her taunting and teasing, had ever a coaxing, taunting way with her which was vastly taking. Then we fell to making our plans. It would not do for us to be seen leaving the Craig by day. For our position was plainly in view to keen eyes along all the Girvan shore and at Chapeldonnan or Girvanmaine. And worse enemies than these might put out a dozen boats to' intercept us, or simply wait to take us as we landed. For all this day and part of the night there befel a storm which lasted the waves to white foam all about our abode. With more than a woman's ordinary fore thought in adventure, Nell had left her boat in a cove to the right of the landing- place. And in deed I, that somewhat prided myself upon my wisdom, had not taken as great precautions my self. Which, among other things, was the cause of our present position on the Craig. So we three spent all the day in cheerful talk, thinking that so soon as we could find Marjorie we should come to the end of our perplexities, and have the guilty in our power, but we spoke without knowledge of the manifold shifts and stratagems of our arch enemy. CHAPTER XXXVIII. While we thus waited and planned Neli told us how that she had abode at Culzean till there seemed no more hope of Marjorie's coming. Then came a lass of the Cochranes who had been Marjorie's tiring maid at Auchendrayne. From her Nell learned how, after a fierce and bitter scene with the elder Mure, Marjorie had fled from Auchendrayne none knew whither, escaping all their toils, and deceiving their inner and outer guard under silence of night. Then, so soon as she had heard thie, fearing all evil to her sister, Nell Bet out to find me, believing that, in the absence of any hope of help from her brothers, I might aid her to find her sister and clear some of the mysteries. . It was the dusk of an evening, dulce and debonair, when we left the -castle which had been for -four days our home, and descended the perilous Atecps to the foot of Ailsa; Here we fouud Ndi's boat, safe in its . cove, and imme diately we pushed out, having recavetl therein all pur weapons and belongings. Nell sat in the stern, and the Dominie and I took the oars. The storm of the night and morning had abated, and there was no more than an oily swell upon the waves. There was little talk between us as we went, for we felt that our lives were in our hands and that we might be bnly, running into peril. I think the Dominie was thinking of the love he had lost by black unnatural murder on that dangerous shore to which we were making our way. We kept well to the south of Girvan, because I had twice gone there on errands which did not make us favourites with the Bargany Kennedys and their supporters, of whom the townsfolk were mostly composed. Besides, I remembered the word of the rascal whom I had held at my mercy in the house of Mistress Alison, the Grieve's wife ^ Culzean. ' The treasure of Kellwood is in the cave of Sawny Bean on the shore of Bennanbrack ? over against Benerard.' And this, though not a clear direction, pointed to Bome point south of Girvan and north of Ballantrae. ?% And though the discovery of my master's death 1 was,1 1 trust, first in my mind, I need not deny that I was also mindful of the treasure for which so much had been adventured first and last. It. was a high tide and a calm sfea when we got over into the loom of the cliffs. We had a making wind and the tide was with us, so that we had' been able to set the sail part of the way, for a little mast which would carry a lug sail lay ..snugly under the thwartsbf the boat. -The Dominie, who in his rambling youth had followed the sea, both steered' and managed the sheet as we drew nearer the shore, while I lay over the bo w and kept lookbut ahead. We steered for alight which went wavering along the top of the rocks, for we opined that it must be some shepherd wandering with a lantern to look for a lost sheep, for it dipped now into clefts, now it mounted to the summit of the crags, and anon it was lost again behind the screes and cliffs of tfye coast. Suddenly from* high above us we heard sounds as of pain and despair — a woman's cry in her ex tremity, not weeping or beseeching, but crying only, being, as it seemed, utterly in distress. ' *Tis our Marjorie ! I ken her voice ! ' cried Nell, and we all strained our eyes upwards to the dark heuchs. The lantern had come to a standstill almost directly above us. The Dominie silently took down the mast and let it rest in the bottom of the boat. Oar speed slackened till we floated without motion on the gently heaving water. I continued to peer into the gloom. ' Marjorie ! Sister Marjorie 1' cried Nell, as loudly as she could | and almost as she spoke I saw something white descending towards us from the cliff like a poised bird that closes its pinions and falls into the water. Tlie white smitten waters sprang up not twenty feet from our bowe. I stood erect on the bow, scarce knowing what might hap, yet to be ready for anything, balanc ing both feet for a spring ; and, as soon as I had a glimpse of something white which rose from the black water, I sprang towards it ere it had time to sink again. For Nell was in the boat, and it was j my opportunity to let her see that Launce I Kennedy did not dc all his deeds standing thread dry on the solid land. I declare, so much was I affected and worked upon by her crying to her sister, that had it been Sawny Bean himself I had grappled with him there in the water. But it was a braver weight and shape that I held,in my arm — even the slim form of a woman. I felt a thrill ran through me when I found that her arms had been tied closely behind her back both at wrist ani elbow. I gripped the cords which confined her elbows aud struck out for the boat, which I saw dart like a rock above me. It was no more than a minute till that I sup ported the gill in the water, but to me it seemed to be a year. For I was hill born, and had learned the swimming since I came in my youth to Culzean. And this never makes a strong or a long swimmer like the shore bred boy that has been half in and half out of the tide all day long every summer season since he could walk. But the Dominie speedily brought the boat about, for. indeed, there was little way on her at any rate. In a moment more his strong hands and long arms were lifting Marjorie Kennedy into the boat , and laying her, all wet as she was, in the arms of her sister Nell. Then he gave me a hand over the bow, and we cowered close in the boat, letting her drift inward with the tide till we were close under the land and in the very darkest of the shadow. We knew well that they who had tied Marjorie's hands would be on the look-out for her, rescuers. So on the water we lay and waited. Nor had we long to wait. For in no long time voices echoed here and there among the rocks, and the light, with others which we had 6een, ap peared far down near the edge of the sea. At the same time, from the other side, came the noise of oars roughly thrown into a boat and the clamber ing of men over ths side. We were, indeed, in sore jeopardy, for the wind had died to nothing under the land, and the grey sea lay outside the shadow of the cliffs with quite enough light upon it to trace us by if we rowed out in that direction. And all the while Marjorie lay silent in her sister's arms. I had cut the cords and chafed lier hands, but still she did not speak. However, ' Nell found that a ball of worsted yarn, rolled hard, had been thrust into her mouth for a gag by those whose intent manifestly was to be her sister's murderers. The pursuers closed upon us from both sides, and ere we could think of a plan we saw the boats pushing out with torches held in their prows by the hands of dark and stalwart men. And we looked to our pistols and swords, resolving, if it came to the sharp pinch, ta make a good fight for it. When the two boats came together they could not choose but find us. (To be continued.) 