r TALL U11001 11SEZEVD.) NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. SIly the author of "El-rrze Snraao?" , J?sarr. l vInLYt.:.: " "Lucy, Tn- FALTOnr ,?nl.,' " '... SlAC? TIIM' UUTCAL'." .: APTER XXII.-(CoNri,. l, "I can't believe it," cried Albhort Clayton, with his usual generosity of nontimont and freedom from slmpilion. "It's impossible that yon appearance of shameno and remoran ,ould be deceptive, or the hearty satisfaction with which heo espoused our side. Bad na ho was WValsh had not a sneakling, smooth, do ..lving way with him. I have studied him a good deal, and I holievo he is what he ,seoms, whether he means well or-ill. lo ,~an't put a face or net a part." . "But how explain this sudden and unex pected ilight?" asked Willinla in a tone of inorodullty.. . "Call It absence, not flight," returned "Albert. "Inexplicable it in to ua .now, but walt a little, and in all likelihood he will ex plain it himself." ils listeners shook their heads, Mfrs. Walsah herself was very doubtful, and most of the others feared the worst. .William Sime 't fonsell-d'ho ins..nt adoption of measures to frustrate any oat ek which might be made upon them. If Llsh was gone to tell all he had learned, and all that hlad happened him, there was no doabt that Lady Clayton and Chippa would with all speed try to remedy the misfortune. Still Albert clang tohis hope in the reality of Yaalsh's repentance, and would not admit that heo thought he land turned traitor. And so the day passed, and Ihe did not return. The morrow arrived, and still he came not. SAll the forenoon and all the afternoon they nervously watched and waited'for' him. At" Sacrk they were 'sented'in the hun parlour, sach more convinced than nver that he had betrayed them. Albert would not yet admit this, hbut le did not no readily and confidently express his faith in hIltl. As they sat conversning on the subject, the door was quietly opened, and Walsh glided In and sat down in the nearest chair he camo A universal oexclamation greeted his ap pearanco, and all rose and gacd d pon him. Ioe was very pale and seened wearied andl exhausted. Hlla chest heaved, as if it was weak and pantilng for breath, but there was t light of pleasure I n isn eye, and an expros. lion of satisfaction on his features, "Oh, James, where have you been?" asked lils wife, as she hurriedly appraohed him. ' "You thought, of course, that I had de sorted," hlie said, i na faint tone-" gone off to sea Chipps wcith information against you itl Ah, I see you did. Well, don't wonder at it, for I deserve to ibe suspected, and the secret way I wenlt off looleal trnitorousl." "We lhad all hd all thoughllts of you except 'Albert," cried William Simlo. "IIe would never allow us to say thpt you had turnedr false, but was strong in the Ielief that you would return with an explanation." "'Did you, sir?" exclaimed Walnsh, his face flushing with pleasure. "'Were you so generous towards mo-you who land most cause to distrust me ?" "Pooh," rejoined Albert, " I am pretty good at knowing what stuff a man is made of, and I saw that there was no hunhmbug about you. When you were found to have gone, I said so, and I have not been deceived -that's all." " Bless youl for your good opinion, sir," rejoinetd Valsh, ina t nratrful tone. " It in not the first time you have said so, and your words, an much as anything, made me re solve to do right. WYell, I would have told you I was going, hbut I thought if you know?r my intentions you might try to hlinder mo. Beildes, I did not know if I would succeed, and I don't like anybody to know when I fail. However, I haven't failed, for hero's the paper." . And ns he spoke he drew from his hosonm a folded document, and handed it to Nolly, who stood in front of him. "My father's will I" exclaimed Nolly, who recognised it in a momnont, and stood with itt an her hand, starilng at Wanlsh in astonish mont. 'The latter nodded, winked, and smiled in a a?isfed way. "How in all the world did you got it P" in quired Albert. "Went to Leeds for it," answered Walsh. " I couldn't rest till I got that paper, for I thought it would he some small atonement to the girl for myshrom in her had usage, and serve to show you ail it was no'sham repent. ance that I professed." "Then you saw Chippa and deihanded it of him." "'Not likely," returned 'Walah. " I know that was the worst way to go about it, so I did not attempt it. Cllipp knows nothing aboet it being here, but thinks it quite safe in hisosecret drawer. How I got it there, or Into the house at all without anybody neeing me, it doesn't nmatter. There's the will, and Both IBob Preston and Chipps are done out of the property." "Bravo I" cried Albert. "That'sa stun nrag trick.. We have the ball wholly at our feet now; they are baftled at every point.!' "!Oh, Jamos--Jamoal" screamed Mrs.' Walsh, as oile sprang forward to support Ier husband, who hlad suddenly placed his hand upon his breast. She was just in time to ro ceivo him as he fell heavily forward, IIo had fainted. This threw them all into groeat agitation, out by Albert's presence of mind he was promptly onoveoyecd to the room he had so long occupled, and laid upon his bod. In a few minuatein he revived, andt eonfeesed that the jorneoy had been too much for hint, and that it lhand knocked him up a good bit, but he had no doubt a few hours rest would re vive him." "Tell me," cried Albert, who had a pain ful auspion of the t rue state of the case, "dll you spend ally portion of last night in the open air." 'Walsh hialtate.t a few monmenta, , Vell, yes, I did," ie art length replied. u'I weas forced to r.trih at while oppoailt Chllpp'asdor for fn la opportuniLty to get into the house, As hrluk Iaroili hrave it, ho did not aoona11 go, to?ed, aull I laltd tao stand waiting for a eouple of hours or so." " Alld wher Aidl you apelnd the rest of the night?" asked Albert. . /0Oh, itn a nhag place," returned Wralih. "a'a, it uandCr Ia roof l"' ' Well,'' lalrghld WVal'rh, "If you will hasn it, I spdliaJ tiar rent rof a lighrt ta a hIay Sstnalk arelstie thir Itawa. I lrad tarorlg rarl olrn for liot goihlg tao auy irrarrur ta Ir'r'nds, as I wanted to hie aoff hIrr by thi firstll train." I wos narr yeol tal parnl tihr liglt inl auth a plaeo," olnorvedr Alberl, ?lsnkinrg hls hlead. SIIow dai youe guenSS it pa" sclced Jil, withi an eaurleous laook. " ])y thost, noods n a yorrr coat," wasn tle qtlot aanswer. " Gandl, sair, ryoui wll l aRke a apitntal do. testive," sail lJilll. "' lit," hIr r'r ontihlaed,, "I was ihaulkahl aftar all, tar 1 frail vOuarda nleolla, nd aidll't wnakr i thi |h ra iaoroillg till .aflter tiae train hnd paains . a i. 'in, rxa n lt nr a rm ll, ald rarar laaarl h I Iaraloh't. ira flI ll fara, me Ilhadn to walk navvrral mil',s." "(end Glodl" IJaicultaled Albert. "Tcla " t|leer hlaariaatldaaa enIgIre lir, a O'alnO|, /er armes boRt Is ck and kinahing him,. SA.arrnr ot also caro forwardl aud took his hand and Nolly said heL very sorry sho was that he had endured so much for her. " What was It to what you endured at my hands P" returned TYalsh, who was shaking and shivering with ia new attack of fever. tIo strove hard to sappress all nanifelation of sufflering, but sooa his braln was again ,tfeoted, andi once more the fuver-llead had him in his power. Weak a heo was, thia ra. Ispso shook and shattered him to a terrible degree. On the eighth day the doctor told him that the crisis was come, and shook his head sadly In prospect of the Issao. He was then aleeping a restless, troubled sleep, not the calm,.tranquil slumber he had formerly enjoyed, when the delirium left him. Thoe doctor noticed this, and from it inferred the worst. About midnight Walsh awoke and know them all. The doctor took hold of his arm and felt his pulse. It was wild and ir regular. Ite ordered soothing powders and rose to go. In the blue parlour he was aurrounded by the anxious watchorn, who asked his opinion of the atatoof the patient. "Do not be afraid to tell us plainly, doe tor," sobbed the weeping wire. " Out of a kind feeling yovtm Inay be tempted to deceive as, but it will be a mercy to declare to us the truth." "I am glad you have put it to me thuas," returned tihe doctor. " My painful duty is to Inform you that he will not recover." " God's will be done," groaned Mrs. Walsh. And she turned away and proceeded to the chambor of sickness. \- Walsh himself suspected the truth, and put the question bluntly to Mary. She was too true to Ills best interests to deceivo him,' and told what was the doctor's opinion. To every one the nwar anl certain prospect of death is solemn and awful, but however firmly and composedly they may be able to look atmit, to most it is dreadful to contem plate, while to some it is utterly appalling. Of thie latter nambier was Jim Walsh. The :irenmstances in which the solemn prospect had approachted him, the position in which it had found him, made it doubly gloomty. and terriblo. But lately hlie had scoffed t the hereafter, and laughed at retribution. Ah, but that was when he was strong and fall of robust lilf-it was when he was in the full and unchecked ,tide-of his wicked arecer: Now he was stricken down with- weakness, life with its concerns was ebbing away, and he was brought faco to face with the solemn problem. 110 could nsotso scoff and sneer at itnow. The divines witness within him rose up to force Its claims on his attention, and the deep instincts of his snql would not cast aside that futuro to which it was so vitally and essoentally related! There are mnen in our day who, led on mainly by sciantifis research and discovery, have gone far astray from the ancient land marks. Thie Bible, they say, in for the most parth collectidn of'nenaUtiful fairy tales, im mortality is n mnere matter of opinion, Odd is " an oternal, not ourselves," or "in stream of tendency " that makes forrighteousness, and life itself is a thing to be lived in righteous. ness and self-denial certainly, buhat not as in the sight of a divinity that shapen our ends. It is, however, in the day of sorrow, in"the hourofdoeath, that religion has her triumphs; those tinmes when earthly voices are stilled, when a heavenly power irresistibly manifests itself to us, and we feet that the groat Rrtioles nf nor faith rest not upon dlrnbt-l't interpretations of obscure passages, bult ulpon the witness of our hearts and the experience of our lives, The result briefly and shudderingly arn rired at by Walsh was that there was a hereafter, and lie was about to meet it. WVo say shdlderingly; for if it meant anything to him it meant retribution. There he lay steeped in sin, covered by a very mountain of transgressions, any single one of which must produce a fearful reckoning. No wonder then that Jim Walsh was appalled when hlie kneow that heo had only a few days-perhaps only a few hours-to livo. Ono comfort there was for him,, and he could nothelp clinging to it. Hiis last deed-that one in the doing of which hie had virtually sacrifled his lihf was of an atoning kind-- toening, that is, in a human sense; for it ias the rendering a llgnal service to a girl he had wronged. IIo ws not ia little satisfied at having done it, even though ithad led him within the portals and shadow of death. IBut ohl! lie bitterly felt that this availed not to atone for his wasted life-hisl long course of vice and crimo -and in his extremitylho asked his weeping wife for aid. Four days of respite were granted him, and duringthat time by tile help and direction of those who surrounded his dying bed, hle was prepared in some small degree for the dread realities of that world on which he was about to enter. Ire was told in what direction to look, on whrom to rely, and taught to repeant a hysmn, which he utteroed wit a vehement earnestness. On this raft hl committed his departing soul to the dark and swelling Jordan. Who dare say that he was engulfed and carried down the eternul rapidls And yet hlie could not presume to depict n aend like his In colors too bright. At the best it was a despuiring venture, and the trust he was enabledl to place in Divine mercy was a trembling trust. lis hops sprang out of utter dtbandonmentl his faith could not, perllnhaps, be defined. And so he died; and his faithful wife, who had wiped the death-dntnp from lis brow, closed his eyesandbreathal a prayer for his flutter. ing soul, about to wing its way to the bar of judgment. Let the voll hang down, let none of 11ts sable folds be disturbed, let us leave the dead one to the justice antd mercy that reigns be. lind It, ssullred that mercy will joyfully descend where justice can give her room. Hto was buried int the Necropolis, followed tothe gravro by very few, but Albert Clay. ton and Wllllatn Simo lowered the culin re verently into the grave, and the former dropped n tear on tih lid before the earth had timo to fall and cover it for over up. On their way back, when passing a statloner's shop, Albert chanmed to glal1eO at i printed hill whichl, contained the contentof that Inmr'ng's paper, and on line which iiet his eyeu iused hhin to pauseo and start. The linl was this i "Denth of irlIumphrey Clayton." thampte ? Iill. ' AIIEIT' OLAYTON IIAB AN INT'IItVIhW WITHI Mit. nIlh, TiN Hll IC llTol tIlllPlt ANI) IIl PillE'toON WOlDaIl WIIAt' IIAM DItIWOMION I \',\ LI. , AlbrLt rsllslleil huo tihe shUpI suil biugh a il.wllsliierii alld heo iiil \tllisam WilL tiito lU eiiIry to r1lol ail ea ollllt iii ihe IIhImulll hrrlot, ilanlh. It l ii a s hllll t I?ll.grih, mni statllllsdll hII. tiii Ilirion llet l i ll I mulleumly, Iwo taty ire vioulbuly,nL t 1t m , fill y r ,tm u iltsl0l Ii r io l, S, II was sith Ie LthaL, iwlllug hi tho recent iiilalnchlobely death if his ion, lh rlale wouil gi to thi chlhl of his thilr, muirrelmou, hmi, Iluluio s rerm,, wohll l IIII hlollt hn Is1aced i er1 lr rllll sl. 'lThills av niiit elllll Ilr lOml ptllll itlii oi i ou 11 Iarl," ole tniiid AIllIsrt, is Ihurreldlly fohllnii el} tlhe mi.iisr thtlm y sllell ll gllul l i t ti l tll ( lt, m€ I umll htaully he itfl to I.ilii aid try IIII pliLtihg tLhe r O ll Il l i lai lllll." Acmrdlm gly, tha(it al('ernOtl. A(liI nr, it huh Imod u lll stll b a derlledll tlllhl e tsl, I t Ill scll tl .nd epoo t clves, deJ ut etd I n the trasi , It was ~iark whoi ho roached Le.eds, and ho proceeded direct to Dlr. Bell's chambers. Ien bad not s'en that gentleman for, several yoears--stdom, indood, a'neo he hll ceased to not .s ido fethea's lawyer. Ile wondered, there. fore if Ieo would recogstee himt, ail thought if he did, whit a shock ha would rseceive os biing visited by one whoml he coesiderodI dead., DBnlunlg thue,he rang the hbell of tho,eollitore's ohanisler, and the answer to his inquiry, if ?r., 11011 waes withlin was modeo henilatingly in the allirmnntivu. Thes girl looked with a mixture of eurlisily and suspicion at theU very lrench-lookis tag pelsasogo who stood Inotoro her, and hold Ilit. dhor iu her band wthlout inviting him to "CoOsu I not are lMr. Dell P " inquired Albert, Sia iho engogest I P "' I thsk he is," she answered. " If[ has Jat got dinier, andsi ho always s a iep oiler ilt. Plserhasm you wout cll sg.i, if your htIsisetoN is not very itsporlant." ' It does hlppeno to tr imlptuant, though;" elbi rvsut Alhert ; 'a snd as to n closeted ssly with torpsi, ul,1'll take the risk of iuterrupting the constellation: Will you pllase, tslrfore, ashow ne to his room P " Seeing that the .lucer-.noking visitor was not to io tlit otn, the girl led tise way along the Isbbys. and ashowed hbn islo a' room shllrted round asd fureished with a very large bhsisless table 'lrss was evidently the aollttor's office. The tablb, imn, ense as it was,groaned under the piles of tnos-aecured pasmrs. The ealrlcs wose illld with numerous uther pmckagee oan neatly painted tLi boxes. In front of tlie tabla was a capacious chair, covered with black leather, and at n"n aide was a cusiuonted sofs, apparently for the accosllssodatlion of visitors Albert sat dowsn on the latter, nod had not walted long when the doluor opned and Lho lawyer e red, rub hig Ii?l eyes, which were slepiy is the oxteome. Clesrly enough hIe had becu roused from sn sound Iinap. Dlr. Bell had more the appearance of a jolly, jovia altderln thanll n I Twver. Iliancorplv tion wan rteally lomething to Bonat of, beilig not only huge, but wetll-proptrtioned, at d sustained by a pair or stout sturdy understandings. Ilis neck was somewhat short. but upon it thero was a largo round head, well eoversdo with light, curly hair. Ilt bht a tpleasslit, open exproesiun of ousteoInnce, a smalt month, a short nose, ad a very aptarklIug and intelligent aye, though 't Ibet lmomert it was, as we have said in a very drowsy state. One very promitent fIeatureo was a broad expasirne brow, asowiD g a full developlment of tlhe roeaussig powers, and giviug naurance thLt lhe was intellectually qualiflid for his prolessiooe, rIoatowluga look of inqliry on his visitor, Mr. Bell wont forward to tlheo table, sd de. posited his corpulent body in the easy chair, dluring which proesso Albert was quietly divest. hsg ihimself of Ils wig, Iouutetarlhs. nuas specte aois, wlsereby he was aleugld from a shoouler shrugging ]'anuhmsn inlto a well-favoured youth with a bright, laughing eye. Tho.metlamorphsis unaturally mode the law yer look at hiss more narrowly and goedly. "A meiseal studest who has got hinself into a sernpe,"thoughtllhr.ellwbho but dimly caught sight of his leaturrs. Albert rase anod camo silently to the other side ol the table, whore the gas shnes full upon him. There he stood with his round blue aye tlxed on the Iawyer, ant i smile pinying round 'his Dlr. oll etortead,rubhosl his eyes more vigour. olusly than before, and stared at the youth in natsnishmtlt. It requires somethhsg very ex Lruordiunry ' to throw a lawysr--erteeatly a i shrewd, self.posasesed lawerr like sr Bell ose sucoh viahiblu amutlsnlest. F'or some moments Albert spoke not, but tlood esbjoyisg tile astonulsment and perplexity depicted on the other's foes.. p " Do yous know me; [Ir. iBell P" he at length ahked.striving all ho could to auppress a twisklu in his eye, !" Ksow you P " repeated tte astounished law. yer. "'I think Idoe, ant if I do, by lileavnnu I I most bLe spuaking to a ghost. Alhert laughedi ostright. " " Does a ilhat cume disguised in wig and peetal?e ? "Phe eaids. "' I don't know," nnsweresl the solicitor. "aI never had a visit front one before." "'I should thlisk noat. Well I am not one aither. I am diatinsly In the bs dy, I cran aseaurs you." "Thlen ass I rigit in supposing you to be iIr. Albert Clayton P" " You oever were morn correct with a sup. poeiitou. I ea tIhat individusl." ' And you were not drowned in Waterloo Lake P" a' Certainly not. I was very nearly murder we herr.'n-.ht.'eu good luel: weuld taroIt. lwss. pulled ouot after mey our.lcrer Ihal gune onf. deaeiog that hs kindl inetesntinis towards me had heen rl iroly flllnlled. My i elirerss Icsluored mus to ausimateol, and I thonslltit ais well to keep retiresd for a sime. Mty father's dsilth has. hoaevur, broughit me out of coneealmellst, and I shave colme to you to got advice, and in fact to out myself anst a very singular case in your haisla."' i Bless my soul slid hodyl I was nerer more astoniashed itl all my life," ejuculatod lir. Bll,t reeovering rapidly, alsd getting into his usual' stale of coolness, " It was an ntenoded murder,. was it ? WhVo wanted you ost of tlhe way P" " ily stopmother, Lady Clayton." Geood lleaveI ! was tht te way of it ? Shbo wished tsl o stoto for isor uwns chiid, indu hired the mans whs wont with you to the lake to put' you out of the way P" " Tlhat is enletly it," replied Albert. " It s ea saocksg Iuseinas : and they say they thlck you are dsead P" S"They'vo nott a doubt of it-noither her lady. shits lor Dlr. Chlppas, her lawyer." l" Ieo I" exeolnoed thsa olicitor, eatching his hreath," Ihod Chipps a hasd in It P" ".Hte was art astl part. Ite it was who arranged with thei murderer, and bargained for Ils servieea." " Well, I'm glad of that, I've long bd a hastred of tht lows'cusnirg blackguard, hut if we call assko this out I have him neck and hrat Ia his own trap. I woult give a good deal to ace Uli loong-s:oked arascel wissgisng . a hal ter, neIi her ladyship with him, fur I hare al. s h beenof of pinion that they are equally 'Si anid half a dozen," rejoined Albert. SIhowveeer bad they are we can't put them in a haltcr, for you scoo no murder was cootaitted," \\\'i con traesport thrm, though." ' 'o'ulbly, hut I don't wont that, either. 'L.t I want i. to bafle thom both by getting tIe struto for the rightful heir." " Any easy ematter that, at all events,' said H.t 1l01. , Au you have to do is to turn up at the lilstne and got yourself served." • lysolf P No, no, I sm not theo heir." " Yes are not the htir of CllaytoI P"asaid Dr. itl, s. realt eurpri.e, " It?..+ 'Then who is P" s ly nephew. The only son of my elder brelbrr." ' Whoew I" said the solicitor, laying his two hands on his ample paunch. s Another asystery." " Yes I and more of the same vile plot. But I tIlik it behotter to lay tih saory before yull iE lietail. 1t le rathUr a lonIg one, ta ao it will Jve you lnformatiaon whichl it is oi the utmost asilnrla that you ashould have, if you can apare ho time, I shall---" F ay no illoro,"' cried tr. Iloll, who was n?w silty istereslod, " s m s la inonsageds for ihs evenissf ansls wer i nots, I wouttl Insku meysll frets, to thlsa Is a Isniterr of ipuromsssst ilmsportr assee. Jsist walt till so get ahbnotloo, wlno, nsid tshen hl me hls e ti e t whole saffir." " A hutlt of wiss asnd two gllasaos, Ilusalo." lesnlie vncisai d, and slhickly retureld with ttho artlicnt nsumd,. It was uolethisg riot toi ree how sll sltarelt, first at Altsrt, rasll tlshnn at Lhe wig aosnd spectsclIo thsat ly on thei table. Pht w0s tIso isrllerslt a srvsllt, hiowevor, to take anlly frthel r Ittie., sot noado bher elLt, aftor Islestowing slother lwonderilg glnnese on thel tsranetse vcsitor. " Now for It," utls fIlr. Bolie spelrlasg oats stows for hiltsel', halsliysg thu Itttle ctrss aaelld tui.,g Iiahnel out at fslt lengt lit hi. msoy Albert traw uswas the si t te o whiscll itr. lIIl poinltedi, snot silmnslsf dsiws lt d o eus t ls isis inarrtlve. Ilrielly,yc? assocnlotly ntllll illhtlsty, Is gave thue ublsetaneoel all withl wholl thel rslllter has teoi maseis asIOdse tllled tl thie foro osisstt oishaptera, 'the law.vyer idlateod ot sosli uhs itory, as it was stsIl, bsrinleg tolte fnsso ur 'oy ,s't'rtssHts ofa tr Inslgnitleod saliauo|issis. ssI IhsiltitL. AIt thst itsll swrslisu lteslh lo, si isyt ti i shii sit tt . Isis tor W'stis ttsoastv rll y ttlo tluner llh y, llaysll, I, olnlltl h hall dS issssIssal.l 'riss. lsiss siti shssisat h'sl'y likih is'sl lruossksh htss toh hus'lss' altsgs' r, oillst lsle tthr :lso.s esIsUlallr Y ' Iowerla its, nIetl, Inalu l i t sihisge se, uIre Isur Itatl*es' tIuav ,itl inhll ?,sl . t, t' it ss " thld blr. I sh.I " I's r,,rlh its us tnisih illls.tWstI w I 5lI °?I isssr1?II hn1 l l1lllslre s st ? ii i itis, sIsso s' IIt IsIs11 IsaII tho ittlltlts w.lltllly) rll mils lhstslrstts s'iu aplls.s r isitllr'' tl ee t 111e e ss sisltr sslsss''he Ah I s,.s tll- usall toetl s% lllli mll irustly silasiistel've of OltuItitlit ttttYed, uisit stlty hutiof wes glotul seyThk its tls uslod5 alld JI so· iel it A gilnie uih a power over himi hef ien lot turn, i cuepelt, beiog the pulppet of "·0h, I understand the thing perfectly,r said Ir Iloll. " Ir cdriat meller now, for we can enillu them, end that's everything. The dleth \e Wlshoo, of curer, prevente uo from prenailn " g.ilnt tile in the crine of intendaed in delltrnid, In you say, it milght do us co god to brigll uoh bhipll fur hin coneluet to tle upoor boy. It eIL eo Ullougt of roungele ?o oeu leu mrtlfoetiuo Ilo hnlo to klleck'lly eerwly Ileollk fisn I.hotLh ie:ir foot, ntod leave them llondernlg the Io ai:'." , "'l'oh you n ili tkhe the enae In hasdl " nird ,lie y it, ih. " Wll't I I" exellecld t? solicitor. " NAgver lid. I dn't ulnl Oeo cwll norn ?aestl. Il.t uice tee mow. If tlhey are cenmtauies eiiouihi lo showe ftghl, e I believu Ulvy wilt-fur Chilip,rliik. the eorm that ieh I,,lll crhwl thomugh e im h orif I .nto blte--f courle, theirdefuiec netliet ? l t dimns of (leery will be thas e In ihs glilrelnte. SI)heoruth Iecknoon can perove the .ie.ite,' jaid Altert, blodily. lyf )cDryeo uehr tihe ln il d probhbly we d ehll be able to ibunt ple the eortitcnle. h ut tlhe ll , vell if I it etood goof. woul neot itli thleul oit, fer scppoo Ilarry't claim eot ?ollc. youi :uonto ill xt. heyiru'tlol ak you a baeltld on any prevtence." . "'l'hIllk guolltesaO. no," salid Albert nemphtic. ally. "Iutp Ierrcy Is ot. illttvitiitescnd ml eotlllg etill keep hIm out of the estate I would Ilot take iLt, eve if the law Igave vit to me." " Vell, well.l"s miled e lr. Bell " all very goodl. 1 don't think you'll hlnve eo olplortuloity for the dlisplay of iech mugnnimilty, fur, f I ccil rely on oll the Inlts of your story., s irI doubt I may, it will not be dillicllt to llnke tile buy's clinm guuod. It i the dlty of n htiyer t o ieticipat ned cenieilr herb d.ote. Co whih It is Irobhle or posible for lthe ppositei to ilunke. I by no cinea Ihtiik it lkly thaIlt Chipml will tt . vie her Iledylidli to contet llorry'e right. Fe-. ileg that neitlher hi sucorse nor his feilure crnl dot u hr e leeacst good. lBeidee, you are tlhe onlly pnurty to lbke streps .gnicti him. Ald wecre diu itnci umly. *rucpin i admmnventu tirer,eodln 1 t u ter of theu C.ihiIe isrtllic I l cn eio liollld t we Inglht nlilineiu te?e itlreud the boy, aId IIt yOU In the t?useesei, e of (loyLei." (To n0 onocxloco.) 