AN AMATEUR PROVIDENCE. It was the dullestof dull railway stations. I was alone, and had one hour and a hall to wait. One of those kind friends of lone woman, arailway porter, conducted me to a I waiting-room, and lefimewiththecomfort- ing assurance that he would come and. call me when my train was ready to start. So I felt I had no responsibility — only to wait and while away an hour and a half. I stood at the door of the waiting-room aud looked out. It was a dull November day, and there was a persistent drizzle of rain. There were trickly noises goiug on, aud everything was wet. Wet passenger were walking up aud down the wet pave ments, withwei umbrellas ; wet trains kept snorting in and uut, and even the railway whistles soundedmoisi. inside thewaiting- room it was even more dreary. It was one of those long strips of rooms on a centra platform. There was a dismal-looking fire at one end, into which an occasional drcp of rain fell with a " squish," a polished yellow table down themiddle with a water- bottle and two tumblers on it — a hard, polished bench along each wall, muffed- glass windows oh either side, and texts and time-tables ail over the walls. Tho end of the table nearest the lire was covered with knitted dolls' hats, baby's socks, and woollen shawls, and beside it sat a mourn ful-looking woman engaged upon another doll's hat. Her eyes were downcast upon her work, and her eyebrows were raised, as if she were thinking over some hopeless problem, while she mechanically clicked away at the dainty pink object that was gradually taking the form of a hat. I pulled the end of the hard bench nearer to the fire and tried to warm my feet, which were cold and very damp, and watched her because I had nothing else to do. 1 began at her head and subjected her to a minute scrutiny. I gazed at her smoothly brushed hair, at her pale face with its very smooth shiny skin, counted the buttons of her nest black dress, watched t- e needles clicking 1 round the hat, and finisht-d up with her | cashmere boots — wondering whether she I had come in them, or had changed them I after she arrived. I Then I read all the texts and train I advertisements that adorned the opposite I wall, quite mechanically, without in the I least taking in what they were about; and I then my attention was attracted by a I buzzing that was going on in the opposite window. Glad of any distraction, I got up and vent over to see what it was, and found a outnble bee burrowing in the corner of th window-sill in a persistent way, and mak ing an intermittent sort of buzzing hum. He was apparently as bored as I was at finding himself in a dull waiting-room, and wanted to get out; but failing to' observe that the window a little above his head was an iuch open, he was trying to effect an exit'throngh the window s 11. I picked up a half-burnt wooden match thai lay on the ledge, and poking him gently with it tried to turn his attention upwards to the open window. He declined my help politely, but without looking round, raising one of his paws in a deprecating way as if to say, " Pardon mo, I don't think you quite understand the situation," and, burying his nose in the corner, con tinued to burrow even more energetically than before. I smiled at ltis folly, and again poked him a little more firmly, but .still kindly, towards the open window. He again declined politely, but a little nore emphatically, and T gathered front his gestures that he was assuring mo that -ven a bumble bee knows his own business best-. Fur about ten minutes I persisted in my effort to help him with the match, but with the most scrupulous politeness, and with the same deprecating uplifting of his paw, he persisted in declining my assistance, till my patience was exhausted and I turned from him with a gesture of irritation at his obstinacy. My eye was caught, its I was about to turn from the window, by a spider. A spider is an insect that inspires in me feel ings of terror aud loathing, and it lias al ways been a matter oi the greatest surprise that there exist people who not only toler ate, but actually like him — just as I have never ceased to marvel that there exist people who like sugar in it well stirred tip is to me the most nauseating beverage that exists ; and yet 1 believe there are thou sands of people who drink great cups of it every day, and think it delicious. And a large, fat, hairy spider, with long legs and a malignant expression, is to me a thing at once terrifying and loathsome, vnd yet I have reason to believe there are hundreds of people who think him quite delightful. . I number among my friends a man who actually has one of these monsters for his best friend. He will allow ic to walk over his hand or up his back, and assures me that he feels nothing but affection for it. He tells me that this cr-ature has its nest in the ceiling over his bed, and that frequently, when he is lying in bed in the morning, it lets itself down by a string till it is within a yard of his face and looks at him — makes some appropriate remark such as " Good morn irig 1 Have you used Pears' soap?" and goes up again. The spider I now observed on the window pane was a little fellow of an ordinary domestic kind. What attracted my attention was the excited manner in which he was behaving. He was running backwards aud forwards over tlie corner of the window pane, and every now and then getting up on the lodge formed by the window frame, and looking out to the opposite side like a coast guard's man. I soon discovered the cause of his excite ment. At the opposite side of the window p«ne was a little fly deliberately walking towards him — into the jaws of death. The spider, in his excitement running back wards and forwards," was covering the corner of the window-pane with a fine tracery of Cobweb in the hope that the little fly would catch his foot in it and fall an easy prey. I do nut care for little flies but to stand by and see one treacherously done to death by a spider is a thing that I am inca pable of. I had recourse to the match -nd again. Putting it in front of the fly's nose I barred his way with it, sayiug "Go back you little fool!" He moved slightly io one side to evade the match, but otherwise took no notice of it, and proceeded on his course making a bee line for the spider, who was seated aloft on the ledge (so as to be out of sight J suppose), in an eager, pouncing attitude, most horrible to behold. He looked thin, I thought, and a wave of pity mingled momentarily with my disgust. Poor thing 1 he had probably not had a meal for a month, and felt just as I should if, when I was in a half famished condition, I saw a dish of smoking hot cutlets travel ling towards me. Then I looked at the fly and instantly put myself in his place. Imagine being pounced upon from ' abovo by a monster the size of an elephant, with eight long black legs that would clutch one and squeeze one to death while he de voured one ! I very nearly fainted on the spot at the thought, and I instantly put the match in front of the fly again, aud this time gave him a little poke. He stopped for a second, swerved slightly to one side, and then pursued his onward course with ilie same persistence. I put down the match and barred his course with the end of my finger— more formid able obstacle. He paused again and looked at it, as if he wondered what the dickens it was, and then calmly walked to one side and went on as before. In a few seconds he had reached the middle of the .pane. I glanced at the I spider. It seemed to me that he was I rambling with excitement, and his atti- 1 tude was more horribly suggestive of al pounce and a clutch than ever. I took I a piece of paper and tried to shovel the 1 fly back. He stood aa firm as a rock, and 1 gave me to understand that he would I I allow himself to be broken to bits rather I than budge an inch. He was now about three-quarters across, and the web was I only an inch or two away. I was just I I wondering whether I had not better save I him front the awful fate that awaited him I by crushing him with my fingers when — I he caught his foot in an outlying web — he 1 staggered— there was a pounce from the I ledge I "This is vour train. m'm." said the porter, putting his head in at the door ; I find the frantic yells of the victim and the pendish chuckles of the monster were crowned in the clanging of the station bell. I That night I awoke and saw the bumble I bee and the ghost of the fly sitting on the I bottom rail of my bed. 1 "l< You were alittlestupid this afternoon, " said tlie bumble bee. " In the corner where I wasburrowing there wasa buried treasure that I had -set my heart on excavating. I knew my" way to.tlie window as well as you did, and as soon as I hud- -found, what 'I j wanted wentout through it." " You hindered.me agreat deal with that matchandyour fing-r,' piped -the' fly, " but you meant it kindly, and-.l forgive you. Yon could, not possibly have known that I was tired of my existence and was bent on putting an eu<i to it, and that bo walk into the jaws of the spider was thesimplest way of effecting it.". | Moral: Mind your own business. 