anglo- australian notes. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LORD ROSEBERY AND THE ARMENIAN DIFFICULTY. LONDON, October 23. — Tho Edinburgh speech of Lord Rosebory effectually pricked the never too sincere or substantial bubble of Armenian ngltatlon, and now not oven the "Dally Chroni cle" can keen the movement alive. Few men ever really honestly wished England to plunge Into tho horrora of a European war. For one thing, It would lead to tho immediate extinction by Turkey of the remaining Armenians, thus provoking the very catastrophe we desire to avert. For another, It would bo a betrayal of our Imperial responslbliltlea. Tho biggest blur on Mr. Gladstone's career Is that he failed to fully realise tho latter. India, Canada, and Aus tralia havo never been more than names to him. Theoretically, of course, he knows, has heard, and has read a great deal about them. Practic ally, he hasn't the ghost of a notion what they are. He's like the native-born Australian editor who has never been outside his own little Ped- dllngton, yet who writes authoritatively of Eng land and Imperial affairs with a confidence -be gotten of book-lore and a regular perusal of the home papers. To greet such a one in London Is most entertaining. 1-Ie, likelier than not, be gins by pooh-poohing everything. But after three months' travel In Oreat Britain you find the same man — assuming him to ho intelligent — an altered being. "What a huge difference thero Is," he says, "between reading about peoples and places and seeing them." Yes, that Is it. Had Mr. Gladstone, like Lord Roaebery, travelled India and Australia, the advantages to the civil ised world would havo been simply Incalculable. Our late Premier has published abroad the fact that the Australias in particular were a revela tion to him. Ever since, whenever opportunity has offered, his lordship has invariably come forward to Impress on Englishmen the magnifi cence of our vast Antipodean possessions, and Bin irompndoiis resoonsibilities of tho old coun- try to the colonies. In this matter of Armenia, Lord Rosebery, in private aB in publio, expresses grave doubts whether, If we were to carry out the "Chroni cle's" mad policy, tho colonies would stand by us. Of course, In any genuine emergency we can rely upon them implicity, he believes; but the case of war must bear looking into. Always re collect it will touch the pockets of all of you, and irreparably ruin thousands. Summing up finally his "obiter dicta" on this question at Colchester on Tuesday, the noble Earl said: — "Remember, gentlemen, that tho cardinal point of my policy, if I may call it so, is this — that single-handed interference means a European war. ('Hear, hear.') I will not add to the mas sacre of Armenia the massacre of great popula tions, not to better tho condition of these Arme nians, but to precipitate their entire extinction. ('Hear, hear.') It I am wrong in that cardinal point, my policy falls to the ground. If I am wrong in that belief, in that faith, in the cer tainty that isolated intervention In tho Eastern question means a European war, proceed with intervention, proceed with isolated intervention in as large a degree as you like, so long as it does not precipitate the incalculable horrors of such a war as that. (Cheers.) But on that point —on the risks of a European war as depending, as likely to depend, on our isolated interven tion in the affairs of tlio East— my conviction is strong and my information is good — ('hear, hear') — and it will not be destroyed by any rhetoric, however impassioned, or any deductions from inward intelligence as opposed to tho facts that I have had laid before me. (Cheers.) Alter all, that is the gist and the root of the matter. If you can better the conditions of Armenia, and not merely of tho Armenians but of the other Christian and Mussulman population of the East, without drawing down upon yourselves the great Armageddon which has so long loomed before Europe, do it, and do it with all your strength and with all your heart. But I beg and implore you to weigh well, weigh long, weigh wisely, and weigh carefully any policy, however active it may seem in the mouths of public speakers, that may call down upon the inestimable bless ings of civilisation, of peace, and of commerce that you have garnered and treasured up for gen erations in this rielily-favored Empire of ours, the horrors of a war such as you have never lenown, anil such as the world itself has never yet experienced." (Prolonged cheers.) 