THE MELBOURNE CUP. A GREAT RACEHORSE. [BY CAULFIELDITU."] The news recfived by wire jesteiday that Isewhaveu lai won the cup cid not greatly sniprise most of us.: s be WE* such a strong favorite, lut when fur.htr pauicula's arrival and it wes found that he Jed £rcm start to finish and won in a common canter by six lengths, tveiyone wondered what tor: of a racehoisetho 2 ear of grace, 1896, had biought forth. And then the lime ! 3mm 2Sjsec, only a quarter of a second bihind the recor 1 put np by the mi'hty Carbine in the same race six years a;o. And, besides this, he c-rrici a greater weight, 7ct 131b, than has ever fcefcre been borne to vic'ory by a three-year-o'd in the Melbourne Cup. Martini-Beary, the last three-year-old colt who won the doable, carried 7st olb and, p-revicus to that, Gra^d Flaneur, Ones'er, Briseie, and Lantern, the only other horses who scorcd in bith even's, carried less than 7stin the Melbourne Cnp. Verily he must be, as one enthusiast said when he saw the tcsair. Lot a racehorse but a steam engine. Bis performance of going to the front and remaining there, winning by six lengths, 1 as never beea equalled, and probably a gr at many years will c'a: se before it is, if ever. One can imagine the scene at Flemington when this gieat- colt passed the post, the 303' of backes and the chagrin of the books. 1 can almost sea some cf those bookmakers of a day on the flat^who imagine that all the stock-m-trade they want to win a email fortune over the Cup is an empty bag, an enti c absenc3 of c pital, and a pair of lea 1 her lungs, as they ssc the horse they have overlaid winning so eafily that there is not theshadowof adoubt of it, not waiting to see the judge hoist the numbers, but bounding like antelopes towards the Saltwater River, swimming across, and then hieing away to some safe place to dry tbeir clothes before the infuriated backers of the winner have discovered that they are missing. It must have been a great day at Flemington fivm every point of view, and the hill would resound with the plaudits of the multitude when fcuch a popular favorite got home first in the greatest long-distance handicap of the year. Seeing that Newhaven is admitted to be the greatest racehoise we have had since the days of Catbine, if not a rival of Old Jack," it may be as well to take a glance at his tabulated pedigree :— | The Burou Pocahoutas Faugfc-a- GBaJlagb Daughter of Nc\vmi nster Flighty Stockw11 Cothcrstoue Birdea teller Echidna Gleucoc ilarpessa Camel Bauter Pautaoon Bombazine Sir Herculcs Guiccioli Pamalcon Daphne Touchstone Beeswiug Flying D'tcUm'u Lunacy The Baron Pocahontas ATelljoiinic Quecu Mary Blint Bomii- TouclistoiR- Emma Polvdora Van Ga'en 5yl.il Ilii; Premier (iu)])): Dinah | j Priam Manto Van Troll)}) Little Cassino The Ugh- Buck- Svlph " Tory Boy Bareness Gratis iMare bred in N.S.W In Angast of last year Newhaven made his bow to the public at Geclong, where he ran unplaced in the Two-year-old Stakes to Bertram. In the following month he journeyed to Caulfie'd, where he did not distinguish himself, running nowhere in the Two-year-old Handicap, won by The Officer. He was again unplac.d in a eimiiar iac« at Flemington in the sime month, won by The Hummer. Newhaven then came out of his shell, winning the NuT6eiy at Caulfield, defeating two gocd ones in Coil and Kobold, and followed this up by landing the Maribyrnong Plate, Coil and Kobold again filling the situations. In January Kobold had his revenge. Newhaven failing to concede him 151b. in the Norm an by S'akes, though he ran a good second. At Geelong in February he turned the tables on liobold, the latter running second to him in the Sires' Produce Stakes. He was soon back again in the metropolis, where he could only succeed ia getting third in the Oakleigh Plate, won by Coil. At the Flemington f utumn Meeting he won the Ascot Val * Stakes, and rati second in the A!l-aged Staker, won by Hova. He then took the trip to Handwick and after running third to Coil in the Champagne fctakes, won the Easter Stakes, Cydnus finishing second, and Gozoczar third. This closed bis twoyear-old ciTeer, and he then went into winter quarters. Newhaven made his debut as a three-yearold at Caulfield in August, and put up an excel'ent performance by winning the Balaclava Stakes, one mi'e, carrying SstlOlb. It was for some time doubtful whether he would be sent to Sydney for the A.J.O. Spring Meeting, but at the last moment it was decided to do teo and the wisdom of it was evidenced by his appropriating the Spring Stakes and the Craven P ate, making hacks of his oponents. His running at Caulfield is of tco recent a date to merit more than just passing comment. His defeat in the Guineas hy The Officer was totally unexpected, and the opinion will now be very general that the tiding of An win must have been in a great measure contributory to his downfall. His nest appearance was in the Derby on Saturday last, aDd it is now a matter of hi6toiy that his opponents had not •he ghost of a chance with him, and he treated his 24 opponentein the Cup yesterday in tfce same manner fce had done to the batch of three-year-olds in the Derby. Altogether, Newhaven has started in 17 races, out of which he has won 10 of them, run second twice, third twice, and finished three times out of a place. In truth, he is a great racehorse. an1 now that Carbine is expatriated it is a* well to know that we have a horse worthy to step into bis shoes, as no dDubt is this san of Newminster. The official estimate of the population of the colony of Victoria shows that from 1893 to 1895 tbere has been an increase of 7,751. The excess of births over deaths has been in the two yfars 40.000 : hence there is an actual decrease in that time of 32 219. Considering that there ais nearly 40,000 Victorians in Westralia it is easy to see what is diawin? the lifeblood <f that colony. At the »ame time, the remittances from Westralia are contributing considerably' towards kcep : ng the balance alive. Pellew for Gladstone bags. 3070 < ohen and Dethridge are showing excellent tweeds for Summer wear. Bavley-street. —[Advr.] * 207 