IRS./BEGASK1SS. A '.Hovel of Australian Life. ' »' ''X": ' ' . BY A Has, CAMPBELL PRAED, ' AvxtHor .of /'Outlaw and Lawmaker,-" 11 An' . Australian Horoijiq," "Tho Bond of Wodlook,!' . "Nadino," j' Moloch,";. Policy and PaMion," "Tho 'Head Station," &o;,, &o.; \- , 'ALL QUEENSLAND EIOHTS BESEnVED. .. . . OKaIpTER II.— (Ci,)ifi,i,«rf). ' Oh! plonso come up and look at mummy,'" Bhti screamed. "Mummy haa'tumbled down .. and won t got up. I want to knowif mummy as-dead;" n.- .-' My gpodnoss," criod tho landlady. . Perhapssho has fainted ; andldon'twoudor. It s Mrs. Trcgaskiss," she explained rapidly t. the gentleman, .- " just cnino up from' Port Victorm. _ Sho looked rogular dono up with the train journey. . Baby not muali moro than a motith old. will you help mo to - soo , to her, DrGoucsto?" - Mra. Ruffey led the way, tho gentleman following without question,. He stopped at the foot of tiro stairs and took Ning's band. Tho child was whimpering, " I want to know if mummy isdoud." "No, no, don'tbefrightened, llttln woman. Yonr 'mother is only tirod. I oxpeot sho will . Tlio half-caste, who at tho ohild's call had como iu from some baok region, caught Niug up in her sturdy arms, saying, "Ba'al you cry, pionnniny. Tlia'tno good," and ooliood tlio dootor's assurance, "Plenty soon missis all right." Mrs. Trcgaskiss revived quiokly under the ministrations of Mrs. Iiuffey and Dr. GOueste. Tho man was a stronger to hor— he; was us a inattor of fuot, the now "boss" at Darra . Darra, of wbom tho postman hod spoken — and sho Blurted in bo- wildcrmont as sho oponod her oyes and saw bonding over hor a largo spare form and a face totally unfamiliar, though kind and lined, and of tho falcon typo. Then sho boounto aware of tlio toucli of hands gentle, steady, aud curiously competent, and closed hor oyos again with a sense of relief. Sho soemod to know intnitivoly that lio was a doctor, and yielded herself without quostion to his treatment. ' Ho gavo hor somo brandy and water, which Mrs. Ituffey brought from bolow. Thoy had ,liftod her on to tho rough sofa, aud ho raisod hor head on his arm while slio drank. His voioo appealed to hor pleasantly, "I'm afraid it isn't very coinfortnblo ; we'll have some pillows." Mrs. ttulfey, brought two from tho adjoining room. The dootor folt Mrs. Trogaskias's pulse. ' "That's hotter." She opened her oyes again. "I fainted, I suppose. But I'm all right now. I havo' had ono or two of those giddy fits lately." "Have you ?" Ho looked at her gravely. ''You must have come down pretty suddonly, ' ' ho said. " Your full shook the building. I hopo you didn't hurt yourself." Shu sat up, and put her hand first to hor forehoud and tbon to the back of her head. " I tliinlc I have given myself a hump, but it's nothing of any consequenoo." At that moment the baby in the next room woke and cried. Mrs. Trogaskiss moved quickly, and would havo got up from tho sofa but tho dootor inotionod hoi' baok. "No, no, plcuao ; you'll bo fainting again. Isn't tboro somoono oiso who can look after tlio baby V" " Claribel," called Mrs. Trogaskiss with an effort, and when tho half-caste appeared, budo hor bring iu tho child. Dr. Genosto smiled. , " It's not an appropriate namb exuetly," said CInro with a wan shadow of his smile, "but Clnribel holds to it, and objects to 'Bol.'" ; . . " Thoy don't make had nurses,", said Dr. Geneste, "if tho oldAdamdoosn'teropup, as in my exporiouco. it gonerally doos." ' Most civilised hnif-castcs I havo known took to thii hash in tho long run." ' Oh, I hopo not. I nm teaching Claribel. I always hud an idoa that I should like to tamo a lialf-custo. Yos, givo it to mo." - Sho hold out hor arms for tho infant, whioh .was crying in foohlo frotfuluess. It hud bean awakoned by u mosquito that had oropt in nndor the netting. The poor littlo thing was hot and wot with perspiration. Mrs. Tro- gaskisswipod its ho ad and forohead with u pookot liuudkerehiof loosened its nook cower ing and liushed-it against her bosom with tho pationt attentions she had always shown in putting it aslcop. But tho baby oricd moro loudly taking no comfort from hor ministra tions. Mrs. Treguskiss swayod horsolf to mid iro in a vain attempt to still its wailing, and thou with u dospairing gesture handod it to Oiuribol. "I think. that perhaps sho wants to bo walked about. Toko hor into tho noxt room and try to muko her go by-byo again." Cluribol rooked tho child in hor strong arms, crooned to it a monotonous eorroborrao tune, and boforo mnny minutes lied it sound asleep onoo more. Dr. Gonosto bad boon siloutly watching the sceno. Ho noticad the hysterical quiver in Mm. Trogaskiss'a throat, and saw \- that hor nerves were tortured by the boat, gluro, noise, and irritating presence of tho fretful baby, almost beyond hor power of coutrol. ' "I wish that you would lot tne go nnd find you a quiot room to restin," bo said, "or oiso ootid tho oliildron away." " Oil, I can't, and it doesn't matter. King child; don't you ory, too. Mammy is quite well now. Ning is tired and huugry. 1 um afraid that- my faulting fit hus made thorn . forgot tlio tea." Sho turned courteously to Mrs. Ruffey, who ran out with an exolumution of dismay. , -. "I- should adviso something mors sus taining than tea for you," said Di. Genesto. "I'll go and forage, if you don't mind, .pre sently. I dure say there's soup to lis had, or ono might hsut- up an. egg with brandy. You are exhausted ; your pulsp fs 'dreadfully i low. Muy I dose you?" \- She -looked at -him,' ho fanoiad -a little doubtfully, dud hastened to ndd, "Perhaps, I ought to apologise for -being here. Mrs. Rulfoy brought ino up whon the child ran flown mid said you hou fallon. I rosily am a doctor, though I have turned squatter these days, and only-physio people who can't got anyone else to do it. - There is nono else, I bcliovo, horoorontho Loura, and Iassuro you thut ono way and unothor I havo ugood liuiiiy putiouts in' ray consulting room at the Humpy on Dnrra-Darra." . "Dnrra-Darra!" "Wo are neighbours, I think. I' must havo taken ' possession while you' have been uway at Port Viotoria.! , Oh— yes— I hud not hoard." f'jiBS rj.: " My iiamo:is Gonosto." - e-" .- t.1 Goneste 1 Oh, yos— and you are tho ejcplorer?" ' " I did that trip Gulf wards, if that is what you moan, aud oponod up a bit of northorn oomitry. ,ItV . not' a tremendous nohiovo- mont."' "Oh — I don't . know " sho seemed . able only to speak vaguely. "Thoro was n grout deal, about .it, wasn't there, in tho papers? Aud - then tho Government— I ro- mombor hearing, it soid that tho Ministry ppght.to have mt;de sppio rooognitjon ii Governramitsuren'tquiokatrccognition— in that souse. -Not that it matters o or . that I wunted it. - I'm glad to liavo pioneered ii'or tho telegraph -i lino a uny rate. Tlpit is . something for , tlio : country. Now I'm a bit . crippled and am going to soo what I oun got outof Darru-Darrn., Those long droughty uro ruination. I hear, your liusbaud is doing 'a good deal in the way of boring. I should' uiko to. talk .to him about his artesian wells, somo time,'" , , , . '.'I hopo you will oomo over and see us at 'Mount ,Womho,"'ahe said faintly, i Ho saw that she was getting white and 'felt the pulse flutter. In a moment he was the doptor ugaiu. v 1 f, Do. you .wind, my seeing, if I can't help ... yon a littlo? Though, no doubt you? dootor «t Fort Viotoria gave you somo thing for thia , sort of heart weakpess." ; - I >" He. did not say that there was anything' , wrong with my heart." .- . . ; J " It's weak, that1 is all; You -are anromio. laud I oxpeot the baby is a little too muob or you,.u Hor old is it?" - . - . . A! Bix wooks. ,1 havo not aeon Dr.'Pinlay, of Port Viotoria, quite lately. Ho novor ex amined my heart." \- . Dr. Geneste lasked several questions, and listenqd for a minute or two with" his oar uguinst her ohost und sido. Presently she oxplained that she wus on hor way homo, and was oxpootlng Mr. Trogaskiss to meet her that cvoning. They wero to start, she suidt: for Mount Wombo tho noxt day. "You'll rest a day or two at Brimla Plains won't you?" " I dou't know whether wo shall go that way. Thsro nro two roads you know, almost at right angles with this plaOB, and one as short as tho other." ' " Yes I know. I havo ridden up that way. Brinda Plains is a comfortable station ; aiid Mrs. Cusaolr and hor daughter , aro so kind. I tliougiit you would find it a pleasant break in your journey." "Yos, it would ho a nioo break. We don't very nfteu go to Brinda Plains, though Mrs. Cusaok, us you say, is so kind, and I haven't seen Helen Cusaok fpr ages— not since sho oamo baok from Melbourne.' My husband mid Mr. Casaok .don't uhvavs get on very will, and I'oan't toll exactly why. Mr. Cusaok is rather tiresome in somo ways ; and thon, when stations adjoin, it is so easy to quarrel about uiibritudcd calves." Sho gavo an uncertain little laugh, and ho did not pnrsuo tho .subjpot. The medioal conversa tion was resumed for-a fow moments, and Dr. Goncste naked permission to send up a reviving mixture — somo drops whioh he said she - would find useful iu preventing tho attacks of fainliiess, and which ho hoped to proouro at tho storo in tho township. Ho supposed thoro lviisti place wherodvugs wero to bo obtained. " I havo a regular, dispensary at Darra," lio said., "You must remombor that if you should over ho in need. And it's lucky' sometimes for tlio out-stutionpooplo that I nm handy. I just managod.to save tlio .stock man's \rifo at Kyahra tho other day. She had given horsolf poUoa by' mistake, instead of the nativo dogs.','. Ton cumo in. . It was not an unappetising meal, of fresh scones uud now laid oggs, whioh Mrs. Troguskisa declared wore all thut sho could deslror Dr. Gonosto 'helped Ning, and waited upon liis.pationt, whom lio would not alio w to rise from hor sofa. Ho had all the buslunan's ready-liandoducss, and thoro was just sufiiuiont uloofuess ill his frank cordiality to convoy a suggestion of dofoi'onco. It scorned to Mrs. Trogaskiss that his inunuor was in somo ways moro English tlura Aus tralian, and sho woiidored how long he had' lived in the wilds. Sho wutched liim as lio pourod out Ning's cup of milk, mid sprouil nor neono' with butter. His appearance attracted her. Ho wus not a young innn ; alio guessed him to bo about. 40. He looked extremely tall — his actual holglit was 0 foot 3 — but though ho had tt woll knit frame and broad nmsouiur shoulders, his ieanuoss made him seem oven taller. He was lame in ono leg, whioh ho dragged stiffly,, tho result of a spear wound, Mrs. Tregoskius learned later ; and this ocoidout, she also learnod, had boon tlio causo of his giving up tho mora adventnronn onreor. H» was brown and weather beaten, and the faco was seamed and lined iu a manner out of proportion with his years ; bat it q;as an impressive fuoo, full of determination and refinement, uud decidedly intellectual. The oyes woro gray, keen und rather hard in their normal expression, hut ovon in this short interview Mra. Trogaskiss discovered that they had a wuy of dllatkig and . softening so suddenly and completely, that for tho moment the wliolo character of bis cmratonanoo was ohunged. Tbo features had, too, a peculiarity, not at first noticeable, of assuming a musk liko immobility, tho refuge possibly of nervous temporamnnt afraid of solf- botrayal. Fur tlio rest, Dr. Gonesto's faco wus mors interesting thuu handsome. In omnplexion it was sallow boneatli tho sunburn; tlio linir was dark brown, and tlio board short, silky, and pointed, of a lighter lino. When ten was over lio bndo Mrs. Trogaskiss goodbye, promising to send lior tho medicine lio had reoominendeu, and regretting that lie should not soo hor again for the present, as ho was leaving that night on his wuy baok to Darra Darra. " Unfortunately I havo an appointment at Floqd'a seleotion to-moriw morning,", ho asid, "with the manager of a meat preserving establishment, or I should be happy, ..to stay till your husband's arrival on tbo olmnoo of being useful. But you, as a squatter's wifo, Mrs. Trogaskiss, ho doubt know that butchers, and oattlo bayOrs are just the only poopln iu thb world who mnst uot ba kopt waiting. " Oh, yes, Mrs. Treguskiss had learned that lesson, und so alio laughingly assured him. " Royalty did uot claim greater consideration in England than tho Fort Victoria ' butcher and tlio manager of tbo meat prosorving es tablishment did in Australia. To hor per sonally it wus a matter of tlio deepest import- unco whotbor or not tboso lersonuges found hor to thoir liking upon thoir business visits to Monnt Wombo. Sho often wiHhod that her husband, liko Mr. Ousaok, owned shoop prin cipally instead of oattlo, siuoo tho wool market wus indopoudont of butoiiors,'.' "But not of shearers," said Dr. Gonosto. " I hour that Mr. Cusaok miticipatqs troublo witli tbo unionists, ns tbo strikers otiil them- solves, and that thoro is to bo a big fight when shearing timo comoson. Woll, uuyhow, I Itopo you will got through your journey all right, Mrs. Trogaskiss, aud thut you will follow my advice now, aud go straight to hod. I will take an nayly opportunity of . riding ovor to Mount Wombo to .find out how .you uro, nnd to muko your husband's acquaint ance." ' She thanked him. "You liuvo boon very kind to mo," she said. Something iii the touo of hor voioo nffooted him. Although she hod, only spoken on coinmonpluco jnnttors und hod said littlo,. sho had given him tho impression of a woman of more than averago iutolloct and of keon sen sibility. Sho soomcd to him utterly uusuitod to her surronndings. aud yot no word nor look of hbrs justified the suspiaion that slio wus discontented with her lot. It wasiiorfuoo which wiuputhotio. It suggested a doop under- lylng.regret. A vision of it remained with him coutinuonsly far some hoars. As ho redo along in tho dusk towards Flood's soleotion ho was haunted by tbo delicate nqnilino fea tures, tho doop hroSvn eyes, und tlio pationt smiling mouth. Sho hud the expression of one waiting for tlio answer to soma mystorions problem of iifo to whioh she could in hor own experienco find no aluo. "That is it," lio murmured. "It is tlio Sphynx look — whioh hus always had tho most oxtraorduinry fascination for ino." Ho re called in imagination tho blauk heads of tlio exquisitp monsters und of tho earlier Pharaohs in tho Egyptian gallery oftbo British Museum, where, iu his student days lio hud boon wout to while away imuiy an hour. At ono time, during a certain metepbysioul phase, through ; whioh imaginutivo temperaments of a par ticular oust aro bound to pass, ho had ox- plained this predilection by tho theory of pro- oxiateuoe. But suoh spooulntiims are upt to crumble to nothingness uudor the pressure of every day faots, und of lata years mysticism of the kiiid lmd oeasod to have any but a pootio attraction for him. Tliq higher typo of man is always mora or less dual, and in natures liko that of Gonosto, tlio dreamer and tho man of . potion havo alternate periods of predominance. He mused as he redo along tho grant plain, itsgannt oxpiuiso faintly illuminated by a moon at tho third quarter. Tho qrb's olios- toned splendour Boomed toharmoniso curiously with tho imago his mind rotuinodof Mr. Tre guskiss. Gouostq's thoughts wore sufliuiontly defined to have boon uttered aloud. "Yos, its tho look of having wnndcrcd out of tlio far past— a look of oxpiution. Sho might bo tho outoomo of on ugo whioh hus produced all that . is . most magnifioont und most subtlo in tlio world's hiBtory. Sho has . tbo grand simplicity of un absolute superiority; tho 'unconsciousness of complete dignity. Sho doesn't know horsolf why sho is an anachronism and an imomaly, but she is both, und . that's tlio pathos of hor. Of oaurse sho suffers trom the. jar between hor own liutiira and hor surroundings, Ono realises tho suiferiug . in hpr smilo. I have never scon a smile liko hora; it gives ono tho nution of ;un uuspoakpblo far-awayness— aremotonoss oven from thp natural material interests. I cgald make tjipt out from tlio way ip wliiph 'Clio handled tho baby. Bnt bow painstakingly sho (lid it ! Mutornity witli this woman is u duty, not a passion- But that's a modern oliaraotoristio. Thorn's nothing of tho human mammal about tlio complex woman of to-day. She has refined tho broto maternal, insttnpt into an intollootuol oblige tioii— an itnm en b o sooial responsibility. ' Her revolt against tho soxuul tradition sots ono vfondoring' whether there's anything in the ooOult finioy tl|at woman is in a transition stago, and- that the oyole is rounding baok to £rimoval herraaphroditism — propagutiun ..v" r .. 'i of ' the apooloa i by spiritual instead of material - motb'ods." Ho laughod softly to himself. "She is an odd study, tho modern , woman— a qucor mixture of sensuoiumossand oold-hloodeilneBS, of idealism and hard and fast logio ; of morbid nerve, tissuo and ferooious determination not to knook under. To do anything big in diseases of tho nervous system, the physician mnst attack women from a now starting point. I'tn glad I gave up tho business— or rather that the business gave up mo. Yet it was intensely interesting. Mrs. Treguskiss is the type of woman who, under favouringmurbid condi tionsmigbt deroiupinto ono of tbo revolting Iribo — tlio sort of modern instance I might liavo expected to see iu my Marloy street consulting rooms, seeking ghostly counsel among physiological tracts from, tho priost-physioiun of tho nineteenth century. She would have been qnito harmoni ous witli tlio European background. But hero — sot in thia priinitivo barbariRin, whore nil tho elemental iuHtincts are rampant — what iu the nume of huuveu is slio going to mako of herself aud of her life !" Then his thunghts wondered to another woman — ono of n very different typo; a young girl who suggested only what wus limpid, Bivcot, pastoral, and altogother feminine, with olaat' gray eves that had no hint iu them of mysterious rcinoarnation and old wprlcj subtleties; tbo sort of creature in whom wife hood and maternity would bo ns natural and beautiful ns tho oponiug forth of bud into fragrant blossom. Ho thought of the girl with n. half impatient regret. "It won't do," lio said to himself. "It would bo just as fatal for her us 'for me. That kind of thing in a woman never ap- 3 Willed to ino, and it's too into to try it now. _t wouldn't bo fair on her either. I wondnr if she thinks any more of that .moment's folly. .... I wonder if she under stood. At any rate I'll try to make it all' ns clear to hor us I can without showing myself an unutterable cad. I never ought to liavo done it. Poor littlo Helen!" CHAPTER III. Unhathd.. _ While Dr. Geneste was making his moon light journey Clare Treguskiss luy within tlio mosquito curtains on ono of tho two hods iu her room, hor baby by lier sido, The other bod was still vacant awaiting her liusbaud. Ning was slooping on tbo sofa in tho sitting-' room, an improvised mosquito curtain pro tecting lier faco and obost in, it seemed, but an ineffectual ninnuer, for sho stirred nnd muttered and filing hor littlo arms out from uudor the shoots in a rostlcsn slumber. Tho . dour botwoeu tho two rooms stood opon, and tho lamp, turned down, oust a blurred glow and gave nut n disagreeable smell of bad kerusinc. Tho air in the room was dry and scorching, tho zina roof throwing down heat ns though it lind been tho top of un oven. There were neither shutters nor aurtaiiis to tho window, nnd the nionn shining through tlio thin whiln calico blitad gave thn effect of uuopuquo illuminated, oblong. Myriuda of inscma. were astir— mosquitoes, cookohafers, mollis, flying ants and beetles— all kinds of winged uncanny things, circling' round towards the lighted doorway, and filling tlio ploao with a low roar, whioh was a sort of accompaniment to the noise of tho township, the oath of bullock drivers "wotting the wool," after thoir iinlondings, tlio oliok of billiard balls, the loud chuff of iiushmen aud diggers in tho hotol verandas nnd tho souud of tlio bolls liuug round tho nocks of buliuuks anil horses that woro going out to grass. . As tho ovoniug woro on, apd tho.mon took in mora nnd nioro liquor, the oaths and ribald Innguiigo, distinctly audible through the sine purr.itioiiH, became unpleasant hearing for the cars of a refined woman. Gluro had tried iu vi, tin to osoapo from the brutal sounds, hud shut tlio window to find that this inndo little difforence, and that it was impossible to audura the stifling heat. Sho was not' so horrified at tlio bad langiiago ns might have boon many atwoman. Sho accepted it, as she accepted other disagreeable conditions of lier Iifo and surroundings, with a certain lofty tolerance, mingled with stoioal resignation. She took refuge in imagination after a fashion of hor own, aiiil now doafoned hersolf fo what she did not xviah to hoar ' by recalling tho siring and boat of somo oroiiostral measure, or by a mantel phpnograpliio process rooou- struotod ill fuuuy the swelling - rhythmic measures' sho had heard at a Wagner recital. She .was npt musical in tho 'technical aense. Sho could not sing u note, and even' had she possessed a piano at Mount Wombo lier per- tormanco would liavo boon .poor; But she hud mi almost passionate love for deep sound ing complex 'harmonies. Organ vibrations stirred lier nerves ns did nothing else, nnd. of ull the ploasuros of.horoldLondoullfe, nmsio, whioh sho hud once thought would bo dis pensed witli most easily, was that for which slio now had tlio strongest craving. , But tlio effort of memory grow irksome : tho uureul sounds die'd awuv and her mind oamo baok to tlio present. Blio looked down upon boy baby. Poor littlo tiling I Slio was fond of it, of courso ; but why wus she not as' fond of it ns somo motiiors wero of thoir offspring ? Why did it seem to hor only n cruelty that it should lmvo been bom into n orudo, harsh, unsympathetic world, in sufficiently equipped for the moral slrngglo by boncfioont hereditary inffitonoes? Why shuiild she, who folt herself unfitted by tomporament for the burden of snub a responsibility, nnd who lmd a weary ilistasto for tbo wliolo business of multiplying lier kind, and could seo no usefulness in it, lmvo been olinscn us tho produuer of this now utum to swell tho gonerally unsatisfactory human aggregate? I'lie two pawpaw applo trees growing in front of tho hotel, imaged on t he blind, enuglit her oyo. Tlioy had straight spenr-liko stems und crowns of spiky leaves, wliioli, as a faint- wind stirred tlioni mado woird shadows. Ono was a innio phmt tho other a female. Sho could tall this by tho outlines of.fcatliery flowurs hanging bolow the leafy plume of ono and tlio grotosquo sliapos of pomlunt puiupkin- like fruit on tho other. .Was there no esuupo oven iu vegetable life from tho bewildering sox problem ? She was thinking tlicso thoughts when tho clutter of lmggy wheels and dull thud of tlio unshod hoofs of pack horses sounded up - tlio Htraot, nnd thou stopped in front of tho hotel. Presently she hoard tho voioo of her children's father in answer to a about from oue.of.tho bushimm in tlio inn yeruudu. ."Hullo, Trogaskiss ! TIioro .liorsca of yours look protty woll knookod up." " Yos, ooufouud thorn !" Tregnskiss had u full, ruthorloiid voice, wit) tlio rise and fall of iutouqtioii common to Australians, and an imperious ring in its nqtoa which, according to occasion, might inltp tho forpt either uf liuis- terous cordiality or of ill temper. 'Hud tlio deneo of a business," he :wont an. ".Tlio brutes bolted last night from tho Grovp— half way to Brinda Plains. It's all that damned Brinda breed ; they have a trlok ot malting bunk. .Bat tlioso rtpo alpsliiiig mures all tho same, as you can soo by daylight. 1 wouldn't wish for batter goors. Tlioy'd pull a buggy out of anything." Glare winceq at the expletive. Sho had rison whon tho buggy utomied, nt)d now sat, a ghostly form wroppod iu a lightdressing gown, at tlio sido of tho bod. Site had not minded the "swear words," as Ning unlipd them, when the bullock drivers had used them, but alio did put liko thorn iu - hor husband's mouth. Trogunkiss exclaimed, in tho tono of iratq superiority wih whioh whitomon often uddroas thoir black servitors. " Look out thoro, Tony, George, you internal idiot; haven't you yot lonruod how to unatnip a puck. Ob, good evening, Mrs. Ruffey. Send somoono round, will you, if they're not nil iu bed or drunk. Hus Mrs. Tregnskiss como?" " Slio's upstairs," announced the landlady. " As for my mon boing drunk, Mr. Tregaskiss, they keop that for off Sundays. You'll spoil tlio horso a day, I suppose." "Not I. Wo cloar out to- morrow, and soivo tlio mares right tor sweating thomsolvos on tbo bolt. Lot's havo u light, Mrs. Ruffey, nnd show ino tlio way up. Oil, look bore, you may bring mo a nip boforo I go up stairs." After u .fow minutes his lienvy step shook thp orenky wooden stair and zino walls. Mrs. Ruffoy had not thought it necessary to uscoml. Trcgaskiss shouted down to hor. "That's all right. I know where I um. Thobhiokboy can bring up my swng. Let mo liavo some thing to cut, will you ; and you may as woll nond mo a bottlo of whisky and somo cool \yator if you've got any." Ha piiHhcd open the dopr of tho sitting- roam, and turned up tho smoking lamp. "Phowl By Jovo,- it's hot and boastfy smelling. Ho flung wide tho rlajccty Frepop windows, which led ont on a nerrpw bnlconr. "Whoro arq you, Qltlvo? ' Ob, hero's tho Fioanhiuy." 1 v # ' . ' Ning,' ' whose' pot hpmp tyt TKyra was a corruption, graduating as. "Nfngie," other father's title for hor— "Tiie Pioaninny"— had been roused by tho noise and tho flood of light and now started fromi-her sofa bed veiled iij ipoequito petting, whioh sbo tore off inn bewildered liasto— aq. olflsli creature, witli tangled hair .and wide, suddenly awakoned eyes. , - "Daddy.' - ' " YeB, you brat. Givo us a hug, Picka ninny. Did Iscaro you? Boon dreaming, eh? "Mino boon dream about- Debll-aobil," said Ning, solemnly, relapsing into bar blacks' vernaculuv. " Mine think it Debil-debil get inside me und take me over tho paddock fence into his big lire. But tho fire wont out, anil God camo und askod mo if I was a good girl ; aud tbon God took mo bnok to mummy." TVcgaskiss laughed loudly, " Thut wnB a good job, wasn't it? Wo do'h't all get outof Dohil-dabil's clutches so oasily. But then we uin't all good little girls. Oh, you're a picka ninny yet, you are. Daddy s pickaninny! Como. There now. A right down good old hug." He caught tho child in his arms, mosquito netting and bed clothes trailing behind hor, und smothered her with loud sounding kisses. "Where's your mummy ?''' ! ' " I'm here, ICoitU." Olare stood in tho doorway, - Ho took ' up the lamp, still holding tbo child, nnd looked at his wjfo. " Good Lord, Glare. Poor. old girl? .You do look like a ghost. Knocked up, oh ?" " Yos, rattier. We started nt4 o'clock this morning. It'sadroadfuiir long, slow journey, stopping nt all' the littlo.' rSadsldq ' stations. I'm really glad . tho railway duos not go any . further. I'd much rather . travel in tlio 'buggy nnd oatno out." " Well, you'll huvo two nights of that, and I was thinking wo migiitspcll it day ut Brinda Plains. The Gripper has heon behaving d littlo more decontiy lately. I iiolpod him with his muster, and I rather want to talk to him about wirefouaiug tho boundary." "Oh! How havo things bcon getting on, Kuith, on tlio station P" " As bad as can bo. , No sign of the drought breaking up, nnd cattle dying everywhere. Thoro was the devil of amors driving down tbo last mob of fats, nnd a bud snlo at tho end. - Hardly enough , to cover droving expanses.' I was a Tool to ugrooi to Gryoo's terms. I. told yon so nt tho time, you re- moinbcr, und you advised mo to accept; £ 1 00 down un talcing delivery and £oti a month for droving. It was exorbitant, bnt j on misled me by tolling mo that was what old Gyrus Oltnuio paid. I knew what a nippor lio is, und thut lto'd bo bound to givo tho lowest price. It was all nil infernal, eoncoo- tion of Ousiiok's now uhumu. Thu Grippor put them up to gottiug a riso.out of me." ' Oli, I'm soriy. But it wasn't from tho Ousncks that I hoard. Mr. Chance's store- keepor told mo those were tlio terms." I' Woll, it was a lie. Cyrus Chauca nnrer paid anything liko that. You must have huddled up figures. Women always do. I mustn't depend on yours for tho future. But uoror mind, old girl. It's a j?ood thing to huvo you homo. Are you glad to get baok to your old hubby." "I'm — very glad, Keith. Vory glad, of oourso, to soo you iigain." " And so am I to soo von, old dear. Ho put tho lamp on tho table, nnd still holding Ning, whoso head had dropped sleepily on bis shoulder, wont up to bis wifo and uffeo- tionatcly kissod hor. "Aiid tho pickaninny, too. Good littlo kifidip. ' I declare I think I'vo missed her almost ns much as I've missed you. By Jovo the place has teemed u desort without you both." "There's a now plokaniitny now, Keith." " By Jovo, so there lit. I had forgotten the littlo shaver for tho moment. Lot's sco him, Glare. No, itio a second sho, isn't it? I rather wish it had lioeu u boy, now, sinno tbo two other poor little chaps oamo to nothing." Glare led tbo way into thp bedroom, whore - tlio baby lay, its littlo rod faco hostling into . tho pillow. Tregnskiss , contemplated tho' . creature with an amtiscd interest, much us he might liavo contemplated a. now born P»PP7- " "Not a bad littlo cuss. ,. I suppose it will get whiter in time. Looks' 'rathcr'liko' a blob of pink putty. Ning wan much more human whan aho was six wooks old." Dtu-k babios always nro. Tin's ono will bd fuiiyliko you. Nlug.tppk after me." ' . Treguskiss turned his oyos upon his wifo with ii freahly kindled gleam of admiration.' " So inuoli tlio bettor for Ning, as. sho is a woman. Now if this brat bud been a boy it' might liavo taken after mo,and been a fairly' decent looking clmp uu a large sonlo into tho bargain." - - to be continued; . 