: IN THBIBAR PARLOR, '.' I would like,' mused the Worm, 'to gee an amendment in our law of divorce.' 'What for?' queried toe Go vemrnent House Man, ' are there not enough clauses for it to give any decent co-reRpondent a chanoep' ' Yea, it is full of clauses and loopholes I'll admit, yet. it might be made a little broader. I know the ladies — that ib the single ladies of course— tavor an enlargement of the bill so that it might give them a chance.' : ' ' I don't quite see what yoa are driving at,' said the Sunday Man. ' Well,' responded Hie other, ' I Bay that the single Indies favor a more liberal bill beonuse thore are not enough men in Tasmania to go round, and a new bill would in crease' the circulation bs it were.1' ' You mean that if half the pre sent mHi-riuges were dissolved there Would be a better chance for the single git Is? ' . ' You can't make policemen of tliem, that's a fact,' remarked the Sporting Reporter, ' although I don't know but. what fliey might not go «.ff wfill enough at that.' '' I'm -i:.,iid if we let them loose in the way you propose,' Raid Jim the Luney, 'wo wonld require a private asylum for tbe sheltri- of unhappy males.' ' Or n n inebriate retreat,' said the Insignificant Han. ' By tbe way,' put- in the Police Court Reporter, ' I see that in Queensland they have already an Inebriates Red rat Bill. . It is a twia sister of the Gumbline- Bill ' ' Will tbey regulate a man's thirst up there ?'' asked (hit Battle holder. ' Bocauso I take it that in a hot- climate Piirliaijient should not step in like that. It ought to be i liu otner way. ' Well, there wxh, I am told, something of the kind contemplated here, only the session of Parliament was so short that as each one had to look after himseU they let it slide. But snch a bill would be only within thu reach of certain peculiarly thirsty ones. A retreat would be a fitting asylum fit- a good many public persons wLc, shattered by the affairs of State— or wbisky — might seek to recupeivite them selves during recess on chicken broth and soda squash. To attempt the care of drunkenness us a disease by tbe isolation of tbe victim may be philanthropic, bnt to prevent disease liy proper supervision is more so. The appe tite for stimulants is inherent, as is 1 ho passion for games of chance universal. To admit that men will have stimulants is the starting point in all suppressive legislation. and till human nature underg.es radical and organic changes they will continue to influence the lives of men. To placo the drink trade under proper supervision is more logical. The best brands are too often torchlight processions going down your throat. The isolation of the victim may lead to reforma tion, but better supervise the bjb tom and the victim will not requite isqlation.' ' Well,' agroed the Worm, 'that may be, but — If ruin'E in the bottle, Desolation nt the tap, With the devil for a landlord To save us irom mieuap ; To take to milk and water With diphtheria for a fee Would bo choosing 'twixt the devil And the chances of the «ea ! ♦ ? ♦ ' Publichouse keeping nowa days,' said the Landlord, ' is not a very profitable business, and I know some of them in Hobart who are uot keening the licence alive.' 'If m«t is a hint from you to us to settle buck scores,' returned the Sn'ib Ediloi yevorely, ' let mo tell you we cau jngt as well sign the pledge and hold our little gatherings in a ohurohyard,' ' Some of the houses in Hobart look almret as gloomy as the veriest dilapidated graveyard we have got, and 1 here are a few of them around Hobart,'' remarked the Athletic Reporter. ' Several publicans are taking to combine the business of goiDg out to Work now with that of keeping a hotel,' said the Grloomy Man. ' In the conntry,' remarked tbe Sunday Mm), ' tlie practice is be comiug pulioularly prevalent. Take for instance tliat, party out N. B. -way we were discussing last week. ! There is nothing escapes him; He alleges -ifffl} qe bas-ftyt plenty pf time upon his hands, as no doubt be has, and that is bis eXOUBB.''1 4'The|act.,ofbeiag idle should be no fiEoiue for interfering with the rights of the few customers who may , atick to him,' said the Worm.. .- «*, 'Certainly not. And to make matters worse the work is oatered lor at (starvation price's. And tbe customers sigh and shake their heads, wondering why .they cannot afford a quenoher. Ope morning a drayman was sitting in his bar. A party came in and said to the carter,. 'What will you pull my calf pen over tho hill forP1 The! reply was, 'A shilling.' There was a lot of talk about it, Grab comes in and said, 'I'll doit for ninepence,' and he got tbe job. And he is wondering why the working man does not rush in aud spend that which lie docs not earn, yet he does not consider himeelf mean.' ' And it all goos to show bow th« Futman is trying to score,1' mased the Bottleholdcr. ' Something of the kind crops up occasionally when works are tendered for,'' said the Sporting Re porter, ' and it is quite common to hear remarks passed like this when tenders are called for any works : ' So-and-so has been grafting for nix at No-pay's, and as a reward he will get the next work coming out. It is no good putting iu a tender as it is already promised, only tliey dering. 'The wood in the police yard there is gelling veiy low,' re marked the Police Court Reporter. ' It will be no use tendering for a farther supply as there is a big heap in the warden's paddock. They are waiting results.' ? # ? ? ' Speaking abont such matters,' said the Insignificant Man, ' it is strange to see how the masses really do creep to the obese person. They nail it going on their owo, which is mere selfishness.' ' Kangaroo Taylor went od his own didu't be,' asked the Worm, ' when he collided ? ' ' You should not say that the Twins collided with the boat, be cause the old tub never collided with anything. It was the boat which collided with the steamer.' 'On the same ptinoiple if a vessel runs into the wharf it is the wharf which collides with the vessel?' queried the Insignificant Man. 'If it was the case of the Kangaroo of ooursc it would be.' returned the other. ' Well, I thmk that the Marine Board are to blame,' eaid the Gloomy Man. ' How pray f ' ? ' For not fencing off a track for the steamer across the river and making it an act of trespass for anyone to get upon it. Give them a half-mile spaoe between the two wharves.' t( A nvf liinnr olna P ' Increase his pension money to a thousaud a year.' 'That woald ba perhaps the best thing that could be done, for be would be able to retire to Mel bourne and spend it. Bat he says that he ie sony.' 'And perhaps won't- do itagaiu.' 'Do what ngm'n ?' ' Let a boat collide with him. If one of those, puntoa were drift ing strongly and only hit the pic turesque old floating battery !-ard enough heaven only knows what might be the result. It might sink the steamer. No, I really think the Gorerninent pnght to fence him off the river.' ?' And let him paddle his own canoe ? Ho wouW be on his own then with a vengeance.' ' Well,' eaid the Poet, ' as the man iu the song says Let as love oar neighbors like ourselves As Tnsmnninu people do, For we never were known to tell a lie As we naddle our own canoe ! * T* » 'Cheap labor is all the go nowa days,' said the Bottk-holder, ' and in Hobart we seem rather to go back than forward. It is boy work everywhere.' ' There are such a lot of chil dren growing up you see,' said the Sunday Man, 'and what are we to do with them ?' ' True, I did not think of that, as Macbeth says. One has only to cast a glance up tbe street when the police are arresting a drunken man it you want to see a Sunday school picnic.' '? Or a fire.' ' Of a lire. If we exported a few of our Tasmaoian girls to France and gave them decent billets fill trouble about. legislating for an increase of roe p^pplrttion would be over. Bat tli'siioy labor busi ness is oarriod to the extreme here, fake, for instance the carters. I saw a lad th0 other day seated in a, brick cart with a full load on. The horse was taking it very easy. [ belipce ho was asleep.' 'How old was the nipper f' asked the Editor. 'fie was rising nine, and a very small nine at that. If the horse bad. stumbled there might have been a fatal accident. Or if a child bad stumbled in front of the dray nothing could have saved it. It's a pity the authorities can not pre vent this sort of thing.' # ? ♦ ' Are ,we going to have a railway to tbe Coast P' asked the Publisher. 'Itis about time we did something to prevent the trade going by the north to Melbourne,' said Jim the Luney, ' which I allow it is doing re«l fast.' 'What about those syndicates which came along and offered to put. a Hue over. Didn't the Vic torian one want to grab up Tas mania, or a good slice of it ? 'Well, if one can believe the Muckery they wanted to take it all excepting a small slice to the narth and east which would be no use to them.' ' Those who would base opinions upon the merit* of a paid advortise tuent,' said the Snub Editor, ' are worse than f ooIb. Does it not strike you very forcibly that if a syndicate vantea to grab all that immense .rdct of couutry tbey wonld have to ibift the seat of Government? ' ' Well Hobart and Launceston nrere included, I'll admit. And jBiiiapb after all it would not be too Dad if tbuy r peculated for us and wnexed the whole island.' ' Weil, someone will have to build a Hoc or else Hobart. will ilose up, and whoever comes this way you may be sure they'll build 10 line unless tbey are givon some reasonable concessions.1' ' If, as yon say,' said tbe Worm, 11 a new lot annexed us and recon structed oar land laws, oh what a bowl there would be iu the tents ot tbe fat ones.' ? ? ? ' There is likely to be litigation shortly over a case of mining spec ulation,' remarked the Gloomy Man, who was refreshing himself by reading a leading article in the Muckery, ' which will give some of those wbo have made a kind of half living by robbing their neigh bors something to talk over.' ' I thought mining, as far as specs were concerned, was prac tically gambled out in Hobart,' said tbe Snnb Editor. ' An occasional stray shark bobs around this way and gets a nibble. Intbisoase there were sb vet al sharks and one fool. Shark number one owes the fool same money, and not being able to pay it just then puts him on to several good things in scrip. Every day shark meets the fool by accident, as it were, and shows him telegrams relating how a certain mine which is pretty low down is right on to the stuff, and it is being kepi, secret. Then some mote confi dences of a like nature, and at last as a particular favor shark cumber one gives the fool scrip iu disburse ment of tbe debt.' jut vuuiwvu vLi'-Jl4g ?* I'luviTCW ing,' remarked the Barmaid. ' 1 was had myself iu (he same way.' ' But that is not all. Shark number two returns from the West Coast with a most important secret in his possession. And in gratitude for tbe favors acceeded, shark num ber one lets the fool into the secret, aud the consequence is that a large sum of money it, netted between them,' ' Couldn't tbey be reached crimi nally P' asked the Police Court Reporter. ' Shouldn't wonder. Speculation is a game of sweat. The share shark is a pure specimen of the human ' race, oud once in his clutches one hasn't the ghost of a show. He will take your cash and give you worthless paper, borrow your substance, and pay you with IOUs. Of shares and scrip all day t seek, And Speculation is niy name From Zeehnn fields to Uafluej'e Creek And round bv Lvell back again. Never care I if my friende look blue — I O U - I 0 V; Calling me swindler and diddle 'em do— 1 0 U — 1 O U. Speculation is my name, Speculating luy little ga,ine ; Honoety dies, let Virtue flee— Speculation's tho game for mo. 