Tales of the UnexDlaiiiable. 'BACK IN TEN MINUTES.' H^g^^jjHERE are no TyUy flies on me,' Wy**^ said Jim, iV .. 'when wh. ghosts are around. //$. I don't know why W% * I should have been Vfc : . especially picked tp but for ihis sort of thing, but somehow I seem to have come acrpss more adventures of this kind than most men. Did I ever tell you about the (*host who was always * back in ten minuteB ?' ' ** No, he must have been a punctual sort of ghost.' 'That's just what he wasn't, and that? s just what made fr~™ so fidgety and restless. Did you ever know a man who wrote up on a card on Ms office door, *B ack in ten minutess,' who was back under half an hour ? No, the most unpunctual man in the world is the man who is coming back in ten minutes. ' This ghost adventure did not happen to me, but to a kind of distant relation of my brother's.' ' How was it he was not a distant relation of yours as well?' « Tids way. This fellow's name was Withers, and my brother married a second cousin of his ; so, although .1 cannot quite fix the relationsMp, it can have nothing to do -with me, unless,' mused Jim, u it comes \ through old Bowles, he being Btepfather to 'Withers, and having once known my father well. I remember old Bowles as a boy, :feause he never used to speak without clear ing his throat first ? ' ' Here, Jim. Back in ten minutes.' ?' Right. Withers was in a bank or the Lamds Office, or somewhere or other, and he ha»i a great chum called Lomley, who was an accountant and general kind of agent. One day he went up to see Lomley, as was Viia custom when he got out at half -past 4, and tiiere was a card with the legend on it, ' Back' in ten minutes,' so Withers waited the ten', .minutes, but deuce a sign of I/omley. Just a« he was turning away up came a nice-looibing, elderly lady, and stopped at Lomley^s door and read the card. ' * Haw e you been waiting long, sir f ' she asked Wxfchers. ' * Neatly a quarter of an hour, madam.' '' TheiA if s no good my waiting,' she said, and taking out her card, case, she wrote something on a card and pushed it under neath the ck-or. ?' She'd scarcely gone before up came a red faced man, .and he asked Withers the same question, l^fc'.en the man swore, and he too wrote something on a card, pushed it under the door, gave the door a terrific kick, and stumped off. Thinking it no good waiting, Withers followed his example. ' Next afternoon Withers, having in vain waited at his diggings all the evening expecting Lomley to turn up, went once more to the office- There was the card still, \- Back in ten minutes,', and there was the elderly ladv and .^he red-faced man, and the latter was more fimous than ever. ' He banged irt the door, and shouted through the keyhole, ' Hie ! Lomley, you're in there all the tim e. You know you are. I can see your coat tail through the keyhole quite plain. I wouldn't skulk in a corner if I were . you. Cona*? out and show your self. If s more than lien minutes since yes terday afternoon.' ' Just then Witheits noticed that the old lady was crying nervously, so he got the red-faced -man to desdtvt, and took the old lady downstairs and piste her in a cab, for she was quite hysterics*!. ' * Oh, sir,' she said, * do you think that Mr. Lomley has run aw.Bjy, for if he has I'm ruined ;' and she began to cry, and Withers, who was very soft-hearted, assured her that Lomley must be sick with typhoid, and had forgotten to send in,, or he had been run over by a tram and 3xad both legs cut off, or been bitten by a shivrk, which would account for it all. He hail a happy knack of cheering people up had 'Withers. ' When he got back he f on;ud the red-faced Twnn dancing a combinatki n of a can-can and a war-dance on the laruHng. '? Look here, sir/ he snouted, 'if you come across that ecoundrei Ikomley, just you tell 'him that I've gone tovget a warrant out for him. You know me?' ' .« I'm hanged if I do/ replied Withers. ut Well, he does, at any rate. yTell him that Jonas Thresher has taSien a warrant out for him,' and he went down three stairs at a time. ' '' Lomley seems tohaveigot into a mess somehow, but I hope he has not made away with any of that poor old. lady's money.' So thought Withers, as he waifesd on the landing, and he determined to -wait for a bit, as, if Lomley had been up to»i any hanky parity tricks, he would probably come in when he saw the coast clear. ' It was winter tame, and duskasoon after 5, and Withers was .just thinking sviiatafool he was hanging round there in -the cold, -when, sure enough, he saw Lomlfey coming along the corridor. - ' ' You're a pretty fellow,' he.sded -when he got close, 'there's been half Sydney up here looking for you.' ' * Couldn't help it,' retained LomBay in a queer, hoarse whisper. * Had an impor tant engagement on ; bound to keep i&? He took the latchkey out of his pocket: and opened the office door. It was much lighter inside the office, and Withers noticed that his ' friend's neck was V&s-; colored. - * ' ' Whafs up with your throat,' he askttd. ' Lomley pulled.- out ^ia handkerchief axtd fastened it round his neck,, * Got bad cold,' he said in the same hoarse whisper,, 'had mustard plaster on.' Now it didn't look a bit like the mack of a mustard plaster, even if it was ususl toput one round one's throat, but Withers said nothing about it. 'Look here, old man,' he went on, there's been two people here, wanting to see you badly. One, a very nice old lady, and the other, a regular firebrand, who has gone to get out a warrant for you, -said his name was Jonas Thresher.' ' 'Lomley laughed somewhere down the pit of Ms stomach. ' Thafs just what I came back for,' ; he said. * If ysn. see ?&&': old ; lady, hernanie is Mrs. Branwber, you tell her that her money is ail right- or nearly so. It was paid into . her account yesterday in the ; Bank erf New South Wales. As for Jonas — 1 Thresher, just you tell him to serve his warrant on me halfway between Manly and Narra been, on the left hand side of the road. Hemember !' And he leaned over and stared hard at Withers. ''Here,' cried Withers, jumping up, * don't make such horrid faces at me !' for Lomley's eyes were bulging out of his head, and his tongue was lolling out all swollen. «' Withers stepped back in alarm, and found himself in the cold, dark corridor again, and the door of the office was fast shut and locked. You may be sure that Withers lost no time in getting home. Next morning he informed the police, and they searched the bush and found Lomley hanging from a tree, having been dead two days. His affairs we're all abroad, and it was either suicide or bolt -with him. Withers did not know what to do about the old lady, as he didn't want his experience to be made known. So he wrote her an anonymous let ter, telling her where her money was ; but he feels quite certain in Ms own mind that it was the red- faced man's money Lomley had paid in to make up the old lady's that he had embezzled. - ' The worst of it was that the room was haunted ever after. No matter who took it it was always the same. Every one who came on business always saw a card up, 'Back in ten minutes.' Now tMs was outrageous. A lawyer took the rooms, Ms clients came, saw the notice ' Back in ten minutes,' went away, came back, same old notice, left in disgust for another lawyer — just the same with everybody else. Could do no business, no matter what 1fen.e people came ; always they saw ' Back in ten minutes * written on a card in beautiful round hand, for Lomley wrote a splendid hand. So there was nothing left but to let the room as a storeroom at half price.' ' There's a moral in that story, Jim,' I said, ' that Sydney people might take home. If you stick up 'Back in ten minutes,' mind ? ' ' You come back in ten minutes, or it might end in you hanging yourself,' inter rupted Jim. 