? (Br "SPECTATOR.") Is it quite true that the bicycle has come to stay ? I hope so with the anxious hope of; an investor, for though on the whole ,a healthy subject, I liaveat Lost succumbed to , the epidemie everywhere raging, a malady only to be stayed--by -the purchase of a; machine; and, although the decision to do soj was arrived at rather hastily, I am convinced: that thebicyclewillnotfor some time—tillmineis worn out.at. any.rate—become a drug: on the market. This' intense "desire to'go; upon wheels affords still another proof of the Darwinian theory as to our beginnings. The same instinct which causes the child indiums to clutchr at things and hold on gghtly also impels the average man—and" woman—to go on all fours. I was talking to a friend sometime ago upon a most important topic when a cyclist slid lightly by. In an instant the conversation languished, my friend's jaw dropped, his hands clenched convulsively, and^his-feitck assiimed'A general hunched'up appearance."!]! this I saw the principal characteristic of Ws ; great, great, I don't know how many great j grandfathers, that of imitation and a desire to grasp something. I handed him my walkingstick whicli'he seized with a 6igh of relief and the paroxysm passed without doing serious harm. But I knew he had caught it; I could see it in his eye. As he did not put in an appearance about town for the next few days I went in search andfound him up an alley riding his new bike, cutting figure eights with, forelegs down and hindlegs kicking in a way that would have made his anthropoid ancestor turn literally green with envy could he have been there to see. I did.not disturb him, but went away with the .comfortable assurance that my investment was sale, having such an unassailable scientific law for its basis. It is said that the go-aheadism of the Americans is in some measure due to the large amouut of oxygeu in their atmosphere. Perhaps the general air of sleepiness which pervades our community is due to the absence of this vital fluid- I think we liave some reason to feel aggrieved at the slight thus put upon us by nature. Why should they "have more than their fair share and we be stinted. But that's just nature's way, for:— 1 1 When she says she will, she will, You can depend upon it— But when she says she won't, she won't. And there's an end ou it." But she plays her worst pranks of a moonlight night. Knowing that a paternal couucil alfo ws us no gas at such times, she, out of sheer perversity, reserves all her clouds aud darkness for these occasions. The solitary pedestrian,'wending his way homeward, jostles at the street corners those tall silent things whose one object in life is to give light, but which stand like grim ghosts, the silent witnesses of departed splendour. - But what are weto do under- the. trying circumstances 2 just at this point the average man fails, for in bis ignorance he replies, "Tura on the gas!" Of course, hut then how little the average man is qualified to deal with these questions. Why, its as clear as mud that if the almanac says it will be moonlight on a given evening, it trill be moonlight. And if so why on earth do wc want to waste good gas.' There are some people who never will be satisfied, for if moon, gas, and electricity were to combine in their favour, they would till seek the unattainable and cry with -Qoethe " More LigUf A fearful accident occurred at Dapto (U.S. W.)ou Thursday morning. A contractor's engine was hauling a train of loaded trucks,, proceeding from the' Dapto railway to the smelting works. It had crossed the main Toad, and gone about a quarter of a mile when the boiler exploded, maiming aud scalding the passengers on the engine in a frightful manner. There were several passengers on the eugine besides the driver and fireman, including Messrs Adams and Hossitter, two of the sub-managers of the works. The injuries of the men are serious.. The Rev. Alexander Macrae, of Emanuel School, Wandsworth Common, London, S.W., is about ^o publish a history of the Macraes, and would be glad to hear from any representatives of the "old Kintail stock" of Macraes who may be in Australia. A thousand miners are tilled and more than 100,000 injured every year in Great Britain. Since. 185V, 48,219 miners have been killed, and" 4.500,000 injured. Mr "Wilson, Mayor of Kalgoorlie, is reckoned the youngest mayor in the world. Barely 29, he Has been in tnrn telegraph operator, staticn band, and barrister. A boy named .Riley met with a strange misadventure at Hopkins River, a few days ago. He bad three fingers cut off accident- ally tiy his sister, and on his way to the hospital at Stawell, be fell and broke his arm. A destructive fire has occurred at nfracombe, the popular bathing resort in Devonshire. Thirty shows were burned down, the total loss being estimated at £100,000. There are about 60 '000 Jews in and aronnd Jerusalem, whereas Jitfceen years ago there were only 15,000. In Palestinethenumbers have increased , in. the same period from 40,000 to about 100,000. Another remarkable feature is the springing op of villages and well.cultivated epots. At a meet-ingot Hie-proprietors of the Onion Bank of Australia, Ltd.," held in London ón the'27th "July, & "dividend of twelve shillings and. six pence per share, equal to five per cent per annum, was declared, and a'sum-of £13,000was carried forward. It is stated that only one-fourth of her requirements^re now imp*rted by Japan, as against 67 per eg&.fbc yearsĄgo. A chain of completed cakes'of gun cotton tied round -jfche trunk of the largest. sized trees and erploded will cot the tree' Sown iostantiyasemootblyaa if -it were-done by an are in the hands of aq expert woodman. Furthermore this is declared to lie t^e most ! ecojaótó(»\ tneWipd felUng treęs 