MRS. TREGASKISS. by mrs. campbelb praed. (ALL EIGHTS RESERVED.! CHAPTER XVT.— "YOU OUGHT NOT TO HAVE SAID THAT." But the Interlude must have an end at last. Geneste had been a week at Mount Wombo/and Clare was on the lair way to recovery. The fever attacks had become less and less, and the days of respite now utcauijr pleasure. oim espeui mem mostly on a hammock In the upper veran dah. The passion creeper, a native cucum ber, made a shade from the sun, and threw wavering reflections upon the boards. The scent of some untimely sandalwood blos soms, floated tip from the enclosure. There had been a -storm somewhere — over Lake Eungella, probably, for, alas! it had not travelled to the plains, which were brown and bare, while the cattle were hog ging in the fast drying waterholes and dy ing of thirst and want of grass. But the distant storm had at least cooled the air a little, and there was a faint breeze, which made the mosquitoes cling to the ceilings. Clare Trogaskiss in her China silk tea- gown, with her delicate refined .face, her creamy skin; and deep brown eyes, which had yellow lights, looked herself not unlike a la'ngoroua tropical flower. She had a piece of needlework in her hand, but made very few stitches. Geneste sat beside her. He bad been down to the Chinaman's gar den, and was preparing a granadilla, while GMing stood by, the two dolls bunched under her arm, watching the operation with deep interest. The baby lying on. a mat at the other end of the verandah was crowing up to Clarlhel, who made blacks' noises for Its amusement, Lona, the other half-caste, and her picanlnny down below joining in every now and then with a guttural "Yucke! My tWord, that budgery fellow," The sun was getting near its setting. In the storm quarter a low ridge of clouds was rising. The. straight black gidya trunks cast heavy shadows, and their silvery grey foliage bad a livid look. The usual group of horses had gathered round the smoking rubbish heap, aud the milkers, a scanty herd in these dry times, were being driven up to the yard. Presently there was a sound of a stockwhip cracking, and a long "Coo-ee," and then Tommy George, leading ia packhorse, appeared jogging through one of the gidya cleariugs. He called out some thing to Lona, who took up the story. "My word, missus, mine think It massa Come along directly." Clare half rose. She had turned veTy pale. Her low exclamation had in it a sound of dread. Geneste did not stop his scooping of the granadilla. He sugared the dainty mess and put it before her. "Keith is coming," she said. "Yes; lie still. I won't have you getting Up to meet him. Besides, he is not here yet. I'll go and ask Tommy George." He went out. When he had gone Clare Sank hack again, and a patch of red rose in each of her cheeks. She called Nlng to her and gave her the granadilla. "Here, child, I don't want it." Nlng took the fruit and ate it slowly, Watching her mother all the whUe with solemn inquisitlveness. "Mummy no glad (that daddy is coming back!" she said. , "Oh, you cruel little wretch!" Clare cried, passionately. "What makes you say such things?" Nlng stared still more. Such ebullitions in her mother were rare. "Mine plenty glad daddy come back," she said, with stolid contentment. "What for mummy not glad?" "Oh, go away," cried Clare. '"Go and play with Claribel. Go all of you and meet daddy down, by tbe crossing;" and Ning departed, her -solemn gaze haunting her mother, after she had disappeared, like an accusing ghost. After a little while Geneste returned. "Ho will not be here just yet; Tommy George left him at the Bore and pushed on to tell you. Well, I'm glad I shall see Tre- gaskiss before I leave. I was meaning to go back to Dara to-morrow." She said not a word. Wben he looked at her he saw that her chest was heaving slightly and her eyes bright with restrained tears. "Clare," he said softly, putting out his hand, and touching hers as it lay on the edge of the hammock. "Don't fret. Things aren't worth it." "You don't understand," she answered, huskily. "Yes I do— utterly, better, perhaps, than you know. But you can't alter facts or temperaments. You cannot make a line steel instrument do the work of a fencer's auger. AU you can do is to harden your self, and to accept life as it is. If you are disappointed at not finding sympathy where you have a right to look for it, take your right also to accept it from elsewhere. Harden yourself to the inevitable." "Haven't I' been doing that for ten years?" "Outwardly, yes; 'but within there have been ravening wolves. Ok, I know it is all Very well to give advice. It's like saying there i3 no hurt when one is racked with pain. Do you suppose my heart hasn't hied for you these days? God knows I'd give tbe best part of my life if I <Sould only make things different for you." ' "Don't— don't," she gasped, hysterically. T can't bear it." You couldn't imagine what it is to live always like that. It seems worse when one has been free for a little while." "Yes — yes. Indeed I know." "I can stand it better after it has gone on day by day for months. But when it comes fresh — the smell of brandy! I hate him to kiss me. And then he gets angry." She stopped and turned away her face. "Oh, I know; it is horrible." A thought Struck him. "Tell me — bis temper ia Ijad at times. Has he ever — is he ever violent !to you?" "Violent?" "I mean has he ever ill-used you— struck you? That' kind of thing?" "No, not personal violence. He has been rough, but ho is sorry afterwards. .Why dc you ask?" "I was wondering if that were a ques tion. You know there are causes for which the law gives an ill-used wife her free dom." "I know. But there could be no ques tion of that/ Don't speak of it." They were both silent. The words they (had spoken to each other marked am im mense leap in their intimacy. They had before discussed Tregaskiss's Increasing ha bit of Inebriety, which, month by month, Week by week, had in the last two yea.rs gained a stronger hold on him. "I have done all I can," she said. "1 have begged, implored, reasoned— every thing. But it doesn't seem to be of the least use, and I think my speaking of it ai times makes him almost hate me. Then there is something I learned not very long kgo — quite by accident — ho had always kept It from me. His father died of drink. I believe that a curso of that kind Is often hereditary. I wish I didn't. It makes line" — she lowered her voice, and her pained eyes glauced towards him for a moment — "'it makes me frightened for the children. I dread their coming — I prayed so that this might be a boy, and like me. Life is always harder for women. Oh!" she went on, passionately, "such things shouldn't be allowed. Marriage is awful — it is wicked — when it's a marriage like mine." "I entirely agree with you. But you must not distress yourself about the idea of hereditary tendency. You have told me of the slight sunstroko he had. That of ten causes a want of self-control. I wish you could persuade him that he is not well, and get him to consult me. 1 might be able to do something, for the moment, at any rate, to make things easier for you." "He is strong; he glories in his strength. It would be difficult to persuade him. It isn't fair to trouble you so," she exclaimed. "Why should you worry; about me and mine?" "Because I love you," he answered, with perfect calmness, not moving in the least towards her, or touching her hand again, only looking at her full, with a sudden lightening and glowing of his eyes. She met the look, her own eyes deepen ing and held by his as though she were succumbing to some mesmeric force. It was a long gaze, and be read in it all he wanted to know. Presently she drew her self back with a slight shudder. "You ought not to have said that. You must never say it again." "I will not," he answered. "I will never say it till you tell me that I may. But I wanted you to know it. I wanted you to understand that there is nothing you could ask of me — nothing which it would not be a joy and a privilege to me to do." He got up and walked to the verandah railing without another word. There he stood for several minutes looking out upon the plain. "I see your husband coming," he Eaid. "I will go out and meet him, and explain your illness to him, and why I am here." His self-possession gave her confidence, and his silence appealed to her as no words could have done. His own pulses were tingling, and his heart seemed to leap in an agony of happiness. It was so terrible, this thing which had befallen her, hut it was heavenly sweet. "Oh, I do love him," she said in a whis per to herself. "I do love him, with all my soul." The revelation had come upon her with a shock, and yet with a sense of half- conscious foreknowledge. It was all clear now, and she understood the power this man had exercised over her from the very first. Looking back it seemed to her that she had loved him from the moment in which she had opened her eyes from the swouu in the inn at Cedar-hlil, and had seen the strong lined face with Its eagle look and piercing gaze bent over her. She knew now what had made her speak out to him about herself as she had never spoken to any other human being, understood now her vague jealousy of Helen Cusack, knew why this burden of her marriage and her motherhood had of late seemed more in tolerable. It was only nature speaking, and nature's eternal and unconquerable law defying the creed of conventions. The truth flashed upon her in a moment. The quiet masterfulness of his abrupt, com posed declaration had given her no time for analysis, self-reproach, or indignation. He had not even asked her if she loved him. He had demanded nothing in return for his love. He had only told her of it that she might not scruple to make use of him in any way she pleased. There was nothing to make her alarmed or angry; nothing which did not cause him to stand out in her imagination as a very knight of chivalry. Angry with him! "When he had brought and laid at her feet that which all her life she had held as almost too sacred for common earth — that which she and Gladys had so mistakenly denounced as an ideal impossible of realisation. Though she had bidden him never speak those words again, .they would make music in her heart for evermore. "I love you— I love you." She was essentially a pure woman, not withstanding the struggles in her of latent capacity for passion. The thought of un faithfulness to her husband did not occur to her — un faithfulness in the material sense; of spiritual infidelity there could be none, for the spiritual -bond had never existed. As she lay hack in her hammock, bathed in this stream of beatitude which flowed over her whole being, she forgot everything hut the one blessed and glorious fact that had come into her life and transfigured It. She forgot that her bondage was still upon her, that her husband would be with her in a few moments, and that his children and her's were welcoming him borne. The sun was setting. The storm clouds had spread higher and looked lurid from the red reflection. Ning's voice souhded below, then Tregaskiss's shout, "Hullo, picanlnny 1" and with it Clare awakened to reality. She got out of the hammock, and was standing uncertainly, flushed and agitated, when her husband's heavy step sounded on the verandah stair, and presently he was beside her. Geneste bad remained below. "Well, Clare," he said, "how are you? Geneste tells me you've had a touch of fever. I don't believe there can have been much the matter. By Jove, you have got quite a color. I never saw you looking better." He put his big red hands on her shoulder and lcissed her in a rough, perfunctory sort of way, She was oddly struck by a certain curious difference in the manner of his caress. She could not have defined wherein it lay, -but was conscious of it, as a woman is intuitively conscious of any variation in tbe -mood towards her of her life companion, whether the companionship he congenial or the reverse. The old thrill of repulsion deepened in her, with the whiff of stale brandy in his breath. She was sure he had » been drinking rather heavily. His hand some face was red and puffy, his eyes bloodshot, and there was more than the usual want of nicety in his dress and ap pearance which confirmed the impression. His voice, too, had an Indescribable thick ness, and in his manner there was a sup pressed Irritability mingled with something roystering, a characteristic of it accentu ated now to a greater degree than was cus tomary. ft "What has Geneste been doing bere all this time?" ho asked, sharply; and she wlcced under the fierce gleam of bis eyes. He noticed tbe sign of discomposure. "It's all nonsense about his doctoring you. I don't believe in that sort of thing." "What do you mean?" she asked, resent fully. "He could have doctored you and gone back again. Lots of people have fever and 1 go. about Just the same, except when the shakes are on them. And fellows have been talking — sniggering and making remarks 1 about bis devotion to his patient. It isn't as if he was a regular doctor. The but- \- chors started it, Uganda way, and Cusack, with his damned impudence, chaffed me 5 about leaving you to he sick-nur6ed by a good-looking man." "Is that why you came home?" "I came to see how you were, and to send Geneste about his business. I don't choose Uira to be hauglng round making love to my wife. He is not such a tremen dous saint, as they could tell you further north." She reddened, but restrained the Indig nant impulse to contradict him. (To be continued.) 