[?] The government of the United Staies a»a«»a«s« 1st from the potential necessity of killing ift'refeners'&.'defbrid toiheHoans.i librae these latter isa na\T yard on the Pacific a. I. /<a1tirA1«n1n II y J ?' . cvltttl, 1(1 .'Hals navy k yard ris, Island; the island — call It Stair Island lW ncar'!fhe main label; and paralleled ;w/lh it' in k' landlocked bai", jltB general shape in elevation is ; that o£,a . <v£jage standing A one enf .where. It. faces the mouth of fp., river, and ItroTTi that eminence declining for.q mile 'td'thV flat 'part, where \lie h?Vj- yard buildings are 'disposed.! r 'Beyohd ttiisobuilt And iirihabltea pir-.' iMonithe real iBltUJd -enidBi- but a., 10P1 tnarsb; . plmpst ft w water and called the tules. stretches. ou.t of Clft"' Silrete i"htnamavkhlch miV scrxto fi the 'poiht: "demarka- tion between terra flrma aiid the mqrsh. This; vast, brick structure-, is the steam ,ei»gjnocj |ti department, ome hundreds of yards axvay from'ariy other building. By day, in spite of, the voices ot fcild fowr oht on'tfie frus;'thb ' steam -engirt-' eerlni? department is desperately ninin- teiesting, with its. surroundings of old rusted ships'. lpollers, and propellers ( and other condemnedqnglncry, and with the din of forging aiid riveting from irltliin. , But at'riight'so lonely Is the situation that'thp rmeniqi- of the commnnpiace noise and 'labpi which wei'e within, the walls when' lighted by tlic sunVeems to emphasise now their utter abandonment to the gloom and solitude. A.dilapidatod's-entry's box, long dis used.' stands a-ti'lt. On either hand is a gleaming" of "silent waters. .Ohio evening— d/ wai? aai entlpfn "on the liltle man-of-war. Rox-er, xvjilcl xvan ly ing at One of tlie na\y yard dobks — I left the ship and went up into the yard to call on my friend. Paymaster Monroe an of ficer of. the station.. Monroe -was a wid-' -oxv.er and lix'ed alone in ; the spacious quarters assigned to the paymaster. He was a man bf wit and remin- iscences; His library had become a ren dezvous for. men who after dinnor found- Uiemselyes wjth no duty. .Several, other officers were with the pay muster, or came In later.- it was iNew Year's Eve. We had amused ourselves for hn hour or two whm there was another ring at the door, Monroe went to, the door him self. Ke brought back Johnston, a lieu tenant, of marines, xvilb his pword on. ' "I hiaxne 'just time or 'a- cigar," said Johnston. "You know we cliange the guard at 12, and I have, to get around to all the' ports' before. Well here's to the new year," as the paymaster handed him a glass. " May it en< with a rainless night, or' may I not be the officer of the day to see it outside again." ' ' . "Is it raining?" inquired two or throe of us, for it had not been raining when we had come in. But we were not sur prised at Johnston's assent. It was in the season. ..... "By the, way," someone said, " they ring tlie old year nut with sixteen bells to-night, instead of eight." By the naval system of striking time, of ' course, ievcrj- 12 o'clock is told: by eight strokes of the bell. Sometimes the midnight between two years is struck with a repetition of the eight. "Yes, the commodore mentioned it to Jackson, of my ship," I remarked.. '"It is unusual, isn't it?" ' ' "Fill up," salfi the paymaster to the officer -of the dev.," Johnston yielded to this encouragement. 1 ! "By Jove, you remind me, said John- stop, with the slowness of remembering something curious suddenly. "It was at si.Vtebn bells between 1S56 and 1857 that a marine officer was shot do\vn near the tules. You knoxy that empty sentry box ,(3own there near the steam engineering; you can't get a man to standjruard there since." The men won't stayThere/ "I never heard of this," said Stedley, junior paymaster and a Baltimorean. 'JYho phot 4nm»? What, is the storyf" ! .'secfifls tii >he fbdeflnfte, lfke;qfher fHtoet' stoTiesV'' Johnston ' ansxvered. "What llcnow is this: The lieutenant's name, I think, was Heed. Ttced had a man in hlsyommand fho was in love with -some fair one in the town over the straits. Reed fell in love with her him-, sel, and pad ith<i misfortune of her -falling driilove with Wm -This disturbed the private." /Jfow natural" somebody dropped; ?'Ahd»hp?" .-ji , r- r= » . : j ; ) ' ''Meo d" wafe' Ihi o'ftroerjof iSa'e dayi'.' d'on. tinued the marine, "on the night bf New, Year's Eve of 1K5®. That was in the wild,' early da,ys out berejand,the officerjofithe day 'was always mounted.5 This is 'the an- niversaty of that night, and this Heed was on the same''duty that I am on now, ttliPOsts.>etorefUiO<£hangp of . the guard. .cSieJjadjben'to e;ptbefg, then rode out to that box out towards tpe tules. Y"ou must have npiced it Hepd wiaR.bri'a Hvhfih? hofse. Where did you get these cigars, Monroe? They are nne; :ly .dripd, as (they . should be.'' V'They'are some, that Commander En- tori brought froin Manama witli the 'ChaVlestown." But Tll ask'you why ci- garsought to be'dry, later; go on about this Refed/V .m "Yes, go on." we 5£Jd, . , .'I have told yqu all but the'nisb. It must" "have 'been 'almost midnight,' as it was near that hour when lie left the guarrilvousfe. >6ixteeq bells struck at the euardhouse a little befipre the corporal came up with the Relief -tp that out-of-' the-way p'ost 1 "They found there the body of the lieutenant, shot through the heart/with his hprse "gone. So was the- sentrygbne. Neither be jior ; the horse was e\rer heard of. It was supposed that they went out, over the„ tules to, the- main .land." "Bu't ytfti" said 'eomelhirig about a ghosts . » - 1 :H r , "Oh, :Of course, the ghost Is Reed's," he answered. "He. rides. from the pen- tty"box. opt into the . tules every mid night at the belli ' especially on ' this night, I suppose." ' 1 "How interesting jt , would all be," paid Stedley, /if- jvp, were a superstitious people. It is 'a lonely placera good scene for a murder "and'a ghost- " T3ut- hoxx' is it that the ghost has his .Whitfcj hdrse>if thp,«amry -rode' the animal away? Perhaps the horse came back to. hip njater in the Bpjit whteq he died. You said that the men reallv refuse to stand duty there at night?'.', j " That is the' tradition at the b?.r- racks," the lieutenant replied;, "but I don't Acnow/of c6urse, because that sta- Mqn -was given up before I came. 1 sup-' Pse4t xyas naturally /abandoned as a useless one." ' "'ir . "Did you ever have the curiositv to go midjJgjif.;" asked the ' ' 1 never really thought of it," said Johnston, rising. "My tnurdpes.jiot take me in that dire-ctioh: Bbt Tha\e finish ed my cigar, Monroe, and T must gel' down tq $ip» -gu'ard .bouse; It must be JI.30. I have been at the otlief places." 'Affer that, why don't you1 gar down andiinspbot the spectrfe1' laughed alieu- tenant-Thorne. ?' ''You'fcan ma!kfe.fe rff-i ,PV. tq -the commodore."'"/,; 1? "I report, to ..my ,ipajP|% yqu kqow," gafd Johnston, ajitle gtiflly, to the Commodore. But nq, thanks, its. too vret' I sEall get back to my oMce as stfoh as pdsfelblfcamf 'dimpAe mj'self for a novel hll hlnt. while all of you are In y.ohr beds or bunks. You- staff and 'line can't 8ay thatjhe mrcori ha- notVilng'fo-go:"—" . 1 in your way to tlie RovJr," said Johnston. Aha. ttaaine He'' fefet 'gboainlghU.lwe wpft., out together. ' " . . . it 'ifas' a Itioaaen lhlElil mto h'rli .we iiad'sGppsi'pV't. rajnlhg hohlY' j£Vhe Ifie'Pft 'ln, As. -we walked , down, tp,e0nafv:y yfrr ' ' mentlonefl that' the: story, he Jjad.reJa .ea struck hie- as iaor? slap'3" Uian seemM'to talcelti"' -»'«.«- ' ' '"How'manyienliat Jntn have you at the harraqks?\',T aVhed.,.;.' ,. Lr", ,"A hundred and thirty, ,ftt>ou(. tr ' ' And how. many stations . tiave you sentries at nlghtt" >, J",' , ' "f suppose that 'the' nuinher oYmhrines' never , becomes fewer-jtlth; the.-dpfte .that .you receive., aud, «»? haps elBTlitj'i" / ! '!»„ i. "I ftney not," said Johnston/ - 'But don't follow y'ou."' 1 ' .. " llv' i>dji?t.' is Atopl;y that, With the number of your men apl jf your nig-ht posts you cogW ?as( y.>e£ up as many stations again and.tlie.duty still h'e llgh't. "' ' ' J j" . ' "Tou aid that the, sentelttes. Reed, was murdered . h?f >gjn (toned,, probably as nsele?s.; useless? It was evidently, meant fpr the protection of the steam ,enslneering building, which contains costly .ma chinery and tools. Tliebui'dtog, isolated jand near , v straits, and might 1-eadliy b robbed bjr a boa't front .the.tpwn sldev; , j "Of course, 1 don tJiellee n ghost-, but it seems to roe that, for .some regson or other that the sentry )jok, , must have been abandoned not - because it avas. -upcrnuous, but because, asthe barracks,, tradition- hinted, -as you .gave it, men would not do duty there." '.fit IE odd." he agrepd- "And. aEH you sav, we have men and to spare to beep one posted there. Perhaps there natu-; raliv would be one there: You ai right,, thai building ought' to be guarded; 1 do not understand why it is not." ypu xvill preflsr your novel to a : visit to the spot.". "On the contrary; though T can t . _ a lllli) aRVfhln'c but imagine iu«\ «« "»- «- w : a soaking old sentry box; .xve tviU ,&o; and peo it together, if you will." "Who.cohies there?" The challenge ranfe from the guardr house, which we had approached: r "Officer of the day," 'aristt-eVed; my companion, in tlie formula. 1 , "Adxance, officer of the day! Corporal of- the guard!" The corporal of tlie guard appeared from the guardroom, from which his flien also turned out. "They came to pre sent, and we saluted afe we camehip. Lieut. Johnston exchanged some words with the corporal, leaving him some routine orders. , He lia<3 ndthing .further to do than this.- "What; time is 4t. exactly,, co.rpqral?" lie asked, as we were about tq turn away. "Quarter of 12. sir." "I am going to.walk-iW'totflje tules with Mr Dreighton," he said, to inform the soldier; then to me: "We haxe easy lime; it is not a quarter of an hour's walk." However, when, in two or three minutes, we had left the pavements of the navy yard itself, th£ ground lying between those h.nfl: Hhe 4tiarsh was sufficiently discommoding undcrfoot-r the detestable adobe mud. the tenacious clay which old Mexican dwellings and missions haxe been built of. The stoam engineering building loomed in front of us at some distance, raising 'its ugly chTfrffTSY tip into the sky, thus looking by i instinctiveness like a menacing giant. . t After stumbling .oxer ome pieces of old ir-on, among tne 'derellfrt machinery, as we proceeded, the crazy xvatchhouse drew in view. We odd Id see the dreary dim of the night; (through its «peri sashes. "There is no ghost,", said my com,- panion, as we looked p into the little broken interior, which cbuld hardly have- heid'both of us at once." I He had .meant to jest, but our environment was too dreary, for that.. = meelyi replied that it was six minutes before 12 yet, as Johnston steppe"d into the .box;. pe turned around In it, and 'came out again shuflderingl tlie night was aschill asit was otherwise disagreeable. I looked intq.the small, vacancy;.. there, was no reason for my going in; the' whole xvas 'nothing but a fctv upright planks put together in an 'octagon. ' But, having bent into this little hole, I was irritated with myself foi\ a'shivcr x\hicli 1 did, pot attrllpute tq the rain. , . "There is . no use in waiting, v said 'Johnston', 'while we to6i3off object. " ' - ' » » '' - i vWe will iwalt'for the bells," il jsaid. ,f . "As you >vjJ. But it is coJd.' ;"iv:ha!t time is it?". . 2 ' f '' "Four minutes of " ' "V\'e toodr side ' by side befoethe sen try' 'box,5 probably each of iuencon-- gratulatlng himself that if fhe plhw knew . that he-xvas a fool, he jjtneWwthe aajpe thing of. jhlpi. . ' . to,: "JJ.o you know," T said, " tl/at that thing . slants 1 beyond 'Its centre' <jf graxdty?5' " # : ». Tt 'adheres to Hie mud/I replied Jphn- ston. ; . s i w_£dppked at Jds face. In that glance I saw him pass his hands be'forehis"eyes as if to free tbem from :a xeil. His ex pression xvas fascinated, and he xvas trembling. I lokqd. ' 1 saw the hotise only as before." v "It moved," he said, "There is some one here. Go round that wayr-J go this." ' . ' F We went round, and met.' on thfe side ' dt "the tiiies, with their dismal bird notes. '' "Nonsense,"' I said. 'I Jolinstoh was' silent, but t,be next, mo- fle was pointing. The object had Eto'od, 'with' its slant"; before us. Our eyes upon it. we saw It sloxvly, steadily raise its sunken side;.' and erect itself to the perpendicular. , ' i It, dl,d 9bMstat4s if waveredi theidis- : tinctly, It rolled; It' wv6d; 'ih1 iiow rhythm, from side_ to side, before our' eyes. """ : - ,<ff0hnst$i npne. .1, alenchod'apr handli: The box was motionless Wils old post-/ tlon. . . j 1 ; Johnston, with an utterance of tijje fefl over on the ground. Johnston sent his own sword into the earth wherd had stood. It was Ordinary ground, likfe fthat surrouqdlng,/ ,, , , , ,,, 'il drew up from examining' it'/ ind we were facing each joUier, about 'to speak— but there was a sudden noise. -In the overturned; jqtry box there was a rapping and a batting; as wfc looked we saxv a lit lantern through the windojv, hurled repeatedly from one side' io' tha other. Sj yjFOOci Before we could think or move an other sound r&oted; us where we stood— ceased and disapprqd.- Our cyes could discern no 'horse,' no" man, t beaAl birds screaming >in the'niafsh, xvhich had been alarmed by these sounds. " ' SuddnijS tbqufeatr <tha . rn#/com- panion had . discharged a rexolxer— btit, the detonation which rang in the air from'fliJ'jSftfflc house, something, white. ' it took' form. In Its sllcht celerity It was like the approach of a cloufl'e ejahAoH: the: white, mass— a white man1 on a white horse— lightly hurled itself. -upon-us— 4t-aweptvei ... A Johnston was down; I staggered back Wttwa;jta9»t qwthhffft.'j we marked! the snowy bulk on Its soundless career away down thf lan a; pursued by the idite&SbeUs; of the. ,new, ye?, whlhfrang iBCOtnytjie yarjd, fifl$ iD,!,0''i4. 14 i?to the vaporous tuleland. where .tlie alarms of ' t.7rgh ten eB ' " f myl ' uVrourided itB Chased by the ttYlnffinhles; pf , theilrell,. (tHerdJh'h'iost It, down the plght.vague, leveWlstance'of the 'marsh the headlong dasfiVf iG fugitive "V : irdhnston tola hfe !twb wrecks later .that the bruise sUll» reirfained on hrlbs, though the marks 011 rayj qbeek did not ,_ct ion/' it was the rider's hoot jliat struck mfe.- -"Bostbii'Globfe." . . > 