Is a leading jatticle In The Observfr of the^IVth of last month we referred tive system pf our butter export trade; and pointeuoat'thenecessity of abetter and mete -effective supervision at the eeaixjard^f n-e'fleSre^'jiMiie Ipr jthe purity. of onr daily produce in the -roaxk^^^jyj^OldMo&l.;^ We ate certamly^feased'Srabinw^that our! suggestions on that occasion have uot been in vain, for Mr Tavebkeb, who most be credited: with having the interest of the 1 ndastry at hearty yestermy of-our. ttedfrom ? tianable ijxeqponsibilify attachingiP ShSamxcaB&i; r'U&i.eril;, toWprer, it iw, ie overcomB xn the present instance throngt the otthe oonditionfi of tlie expert's appointment, -which never would have been either made or accepted was there not the possibility of Ihe high^st standard jof Yictorian butter liemg maintained in connection wjth omv export trade. Xf righfly conducted we venture to believe that ^^hin' a compaiatively short "period there will be no more extensive .or profitable industry within onr borders than that of dairying, the growth of which already, even under 'numerous 'disadvantages, has been of a tally surprising rapidity, thereby already amply fulfilling the predictive words the late Sir J. B. Patterson, who, in one of his electioneering tours, speaking against the then proposed stock tax, said thelandof "Victoria was too valuable for the mere raising and fattening of stock, and that it should be used for more 'profitable purposes, among which dairying -pursuits were specified. We are quite of the opinion of Mr HcgbMilvais, who, writing on tills subject recently, maintained that there is and will be an export market for this product were all the available population engaged jn it, and there is land sufficient for all in the colony. Since the factory system, of dairying was introduced into this colony five years ago, the annually increasing value of onr butter export has exceeded all anticipations, as will be admitted when we mention that whereas the weight of our exported butter daring the season 1889-90 was 369£ tons, valued at £51,300, the total weight of our export daring the 1894-95 season had increased to 11.5S4J tons, representing a money value of £1,081,2-43, while this season's tonnage of butter represents 25,949,800 pounds Sow estimating that two and a-half gallons of milk were required for the pro duction of every pound of batter, 64,874,500 gallons of milk had to be collected and separated in order to produce tins enormous amount of butter. Seeing that our dairying industry has already made such rapid, strides, and that there is every probability of it growing into vast proportions, our dairymen cannot do better than act on the suggestion of our Government dairy expert, and give their thoughtful consideration to the methods adopted by the dairy farmers in Sweden and Denmark. Li each of those countries the breeding and feeding of dairy cows has become,quite a science, slall in the production of the largest quantity of good butter from the fewest- number of cows being we of their secrete of success. There' a standard of butter production per cow per annum is fixed, and no cows are kept that fall below the standard, and what is true of the industry in the countries we have named is equally so in Victoria, so therefore too much attentioncannot be paid to the question of the better breeding and feeding, so as to, if possible, be in a position to doable the present annual output of butter without having to increase the number of cows at present actually milked in tie colony. There is another matter of almost equal importance if we are to become exporters of dairy produce on a large scale, and this has beep, bpought especially under _ the notice of the Minister by the Government dairy expert, and that is that onr low average annual yield per cow. is a great reflection on the skill and management of veiy many of onr Victorian daily farmers. Now nothing is more certain than if dairying can be made to pay on the lines on which it is now being con ducted by the large majority of farmers, the occupation, with better skill and better management, can be made mote remunerative even, in' the face of a considerable fall in the market value of butter. It is simply a self-evident fact that the dairying industry of this colony has, under proper management, a bright and prosperous future before it, and while it behoves our dairymen, in their own interests, to look well to the breed and feeding of their cattle kept for dairying purposes, the Department of Agricultnre, vreare confident, tinder the regime of the present Minister, will by ererypossible means aid producers in placing on the Londoh and other' foreign markets none but •Victorian butter of the highest standard of excellence. Of all the various departments into which agriculture, tis .divided, that of daiiy farming in this colony has borne the brunt of bad seasons more successfully than any other, while it is certain that if properly conducted- the industry. wil!, at no distant date, take a &st.; position, and therefore the present appointment of an untrammelled expert officer to the charge of our baiter exportation, is aa important step'in right direction. - *«•»•» 1 . . . bat still a very useful one, rwhich has been allowed to drop of late years, was brought' under the notice! of the _ _ . opnndl 011 Saturday, . Jjy. ^JIr J- •Jacobs, ( namely, that of .kE^img tbe4nile ftpete on theMount Alexaiider Eoad pro- -pa-itpair; ^tjp to n fihort distance if Woodend they ;where in good«rder, several of the rid posts are stall ^ai Mr Jacobs is to be oommended for , tenging the matter before the coandL The coundl decided to adopl the suggestftto/sndthe posts are to be^re- erected were , repaired on the road throu°^i'the shire. ' AfineliorieVlndi was bemg brought -into iKyneton last mghjtfrom Mr Jobson'e paddock rWith a newSo.purchase, liad to be shot? It appears thata-mannamed Iiacas was leading die hoi^e in, riding jat. ther ^ame time Another, -.When the Kyneton hotel jn Rper fitreet. Jwas readied,- iLucas tied the both laded the other one, breaking its leg, and consequently it^Wbfe'destroyed. Bntnes fcr pestles Bros, jond Spencer. day bj imanbere of the Angling Club, Will be •SnMiej^orE^of tlife Kyneton? cbuntat _ in, -a letter twfllWfooSd^o m the jnanager"<rf "W "fiLi. iff^'Soufl, -4ealmg -with the diEeriaces whici lyira-i^jpbd* -np W O T 1 ^ ^ Thp tender of SErK-Q^pif'SiXl^W the lerang ot the Piper street weighbridge has been acc^»ted by the Kynetondiire council. At the meeting of die Kyneton- Council on Safcurday. Cr Andrews drewthe attention of the oonnal to the large number of tramps andsvagmen that were congregated in the town, especially under the bridges and tamped down-mar the racecourse. vSonffiTof" -these had been there for days, and he moved "thaut the attention of the sergeant of police be called to.the number of vagrants inf estog the public reserves oE the town and suburbs, and'thit he ;be asked- to abate the nuianct complained of. The motion was carried. In moving the adoption of the report of •the members of the Kyneton Siding at the council 011 .Saturday, Or Macdonald stated .that he hoped the Kyneton members would he lenient in their charges in connection with the weighbridge. This gave rise to a good deal of discussion, and several councillors were of the opinion that the present charge of one dulling per load was too much. The Kyneton members maintained that it was under - their. control, and they did their best to make it pay, and the other ooancjUois lW no business to interfere with matters outside their own ridings. Cr Thomson t&en; moved as an amendment Ihat it be an instruction to the members of the Kyneton Riding that only sixpence per load be charged. Cr Skeinl* seconded the amendment, and was of the opinion that the weighbridge should be managed by the shire. - After some farther discussion the was withdrawn, and the report adopted. Hie following permit under seetion oof the Settlement on Lands Act 1893, has. been revoked:—E. Murray, allot. 25. sec. 2,20a, Bullarto. Police Snperintent Parkinson, was Friday, gazetted an Inspector of the following licensing districts:—-Bacchus -Marsh, Beveridge, Broadford, Broadmeadows, Bulla, Bylands, Campaspe, Camblefield, Carlsrtthe, Chin tin, Donnybrook, Forbes, Gisborae? Havdock, Kilmore, Kyneton, LanceS Lauriston, Melton, Mipt-lchaTn, Moianding Newham, Kewham East, Parwan, Pyalong. Biddell's Creek, Sunbury, Tullamarine, Tylden, "Wallan Wallan, Woodend, and Woodstock (Bourke East). Accounts are awaiting payment at the Kyneton Sub-Treasury for the following:— J. Simpson, J. White, Shire of iletcalfe, DrH. E. Lines. Dr Main, J. M'Nifi, Dr. Slee- man, M. White, Dr. Byan. At St. Paul's oa Sunday evening the fiev Dr. S ta<£y Chapman preached a truly eloquoit sermon on " The Consummation of the Ages.' The rev Dr took for his text the 1st chapter ofEphesians, 10th verse:—"That in the dispensation of the fulness of times He might gather together in .one, all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in Hun." After explaining veir lucidly the meaning of the term dispensation, the Doctor dwelt largely on the different periods of human history, shoing dearly that at all times, even up to the present, all things tended to the consummation of the ages—the gathering together of all things in Christ. Tht whole of God's commandments to men were summed up in the words ^ Thou shalt love tile Lord thy God with all thy heart, and thy neighbour as thyself." Earthly things might command and receive the outward acts of obedience,, but human will' was not to be forced. But the time was surely coming when human hearts being regenerated by the power of the Holy Spirit would yield not only voluntary obedience, but adoring worship to the King of all the' Earth t&ough; eternal ages. Hie reverend gentleman dosed with an earast exhortation to all present, at the commencement of another year, to examine their own life, to see to it that by the power of the Holy Ghost they might be converted unto all things grand and pure, and beautiful and nolle, and so help in the hannonisings of all things, even the consummation of the ages. The treasturer of the Kyneton Hospital desires to thankfully acknowledge the receipt of a cheque for £0, the. amount being donated by Sir George Verdon in recognition of the strenuous exertions' of his neighbors and friends in saving his residence from the bush fire on the Mount on Sunday. ' If Hie farmers in this district who are suffering by the sparrow pest would communicate with the secretary of the Kymion Gim Club they would doubtless find t their troubles considerably diminished, as far their sparrow friends are concerned. It would be mecessaiy for diem to take particnlar notice where the birds roost in**aife hedges, and they will be caught without any trouble to the farmer. We think, with refcerenoe to destroying sparrows, theAgri cultural Society might recognise in some practical way the services of the Gun Clnb. At the eleven o'clock Mass at St. Mary's B.C. Churich, Kyneton, on Sunday, the Bev. Father fiooncy, SX, of St. Francis Xavier's College, Kew, officiated, and preached _ eloquent sermon on the advisability of spending the Kew Year wdL Father Boon^|has been conducting a tenday's retreat' at the convent, • which 'dosed on Sunday. The in yesterday. _ .. 'who is to be Monday next, 13fh inst, for the murder of iiis mate, BVederici 39owBe,in<JippslBnd#tai maintains a- composed 'demeanour. - lie is aDpwed' exerdse under the tare lof two warders for a coi^ile ot bail yard ot the gaol. He eats and flleps wdl, and is Btfll attended by^theBev H.J 1 . Scott, at his (S(range's) special request. : a£e rey. j^tieman's term of office, as gaol chiu)- laiii ejjjired on' aie' 31st iflt, attend Strange ^niSl lie'- is^eSa^a/ The eondemned man has within thc lastdayor posibon, and now pays the greatest'ktt&&ion; to Uie-Eev Mr Scott, who visits him as "fee quentiy as possible. , , ! Dr GressweU, Chairman of the Central Board of Health, states that ttyphoid-jg fe usual at this fameo£ the ijtar—is on the in crease. Hfe agam repeats tis caobon to houadnddem ^o bpil,4nnlaug,?vsiter aad tumstiles Bt As M^boorne Public Sifetty and Art Gallery. Of this number 36*689. TOdtedthereadingrooms.' i, f T The Eev 3 H. Mackay,'fondly j L John's Church, Ballarat, und taore missionary in C W has accepted meat fo jT ~~ • ; - - , * ^ Jhejnedi«4 "imfes^r, 1 *' ^liSCjQa^ ^ho^^jFndaypwestaJin " 'rauangltodeatl. .Dfj-^fa Messrs E. Treuchard and Co.;wffl submit to auction, on the property on iSday next, ® daiiy farm'near Smibury,and at the Eanje time wfll hold a cUfflring sale of dairy-stock. Particulars inadvotisetMiitB. Mr P. Barry, late of the Courthouse Hotel, has taken the Shamrock Hotel, Mollison street, where only the best brands of liquors ^e-iept^flnd.^xceHent »ccommodation provided. A' dissolution of partnership between Mesas J. Manftall and R. Stringer is advertod^n lanother column. All aocounts ^wing byor payible to the late firm will be pud or received by Mr Stringer at his office, Jennings street. A comparative statement of the amount-of batter, cheese, rabbits, poultry, fruit and eggs ,pf Agriculture for the years I89tand 1895 has been prepared, and it shows that in all those items a large increase has taken place. There " has been an export of 19,065,1381b. of butter this year as against 16,973,9951b. last year, or ^increase of 2,091,H31b. The export of cheese for 1S95 has been 1,0065251b, whilst »n 1891 the export was 759,5851b., showing ail Wease of 217,3401b. There were only 11,340 rabbits and bares exported in 1894, -whereas this year there has been an export of 459,161 carcases, representing an increase of 447,184- There has been 34,029 head of game and poultry exported, against 1,350 in 1894, showing an increase of 32,679 birds. The export of fruit has been 11,134 cases, as against 2,058 eases, or an increase of 9,076 cases. In eggs, the numbers are 23,396 dozem as against 10,937 dozen. This return is most gratifying as showing the strides the colony is mating as a producing country. It does not represent all our exports in those lines, but only those which are made through the Agricultural department, and it does not include sheep and lambs, the most of which are exported independently of the department. Of some 300 cemeteries throughout the colony, about 20 have been found by the Board of Health to be in a peculiarly insanitary condition, and the Board as been urging the trustees to rectify their faults. In most instances an improvement has been brought about, chiefly by draining the ground to cany off the surface water, or by diverting heavy soakages. There were some very bad cases. It was found that the Moondarra cemetery, where the coffins .floated in the graves and had to be held down, with poles during burial, was by no means an isolated case. One or two such cemeteries have been closed, and the Board of Health has pressed the trustees to select new sites. Hostilities between the Turks and the Armenians at Zeitoun are suspended. It reported that Kurdish troops hare killed 2.000 Christians at Orfas, in Aaa Minor, great massacre of Armenians is also reported to have taken place at Biredjik. One of the recommendations of the Perishable Products Commission was that the consignments of butter sent home should be regular in bulk, that 700 tons .should not go one week and 150 tons the next, but that each shipment should be as far as possible of the same quantity, so that the marln*: might not be glutted one week and a shortage the next. Hie idea has apparently been put into practice. Each shipment of the last four or five weeks has been just a little over 300 tons, and the batter cargo by the BJI.S. Oroya, which left on Saturday, was 340 tons. The statement of revenue ioaip^ by the Customs department for the month of December shows how widely merchants have waited for the new year and lower duties before passing goods. When -the financial estimate for the year was prepared the probable net receipts for December were set down at £179.393, whereas the actual net receipts are only £183,668, which includes an item of £17,752 for beer stamps duty. The gross receipts were £144,311, but from this £10,673 had to be deducted for drawbacks. For the month of December, therefore, the shortage is in round figures £50,000, though the total shortage for the half- year on the Treasurer's estimates is only £65,682. The estimated receipts for January are £.176.000 though this amount will, under the' special circumstances of the month, be largely exceeded. The excess for the current half-year with a large reduction of duties taldng pTace, will, the Argus says, need to be sufficient to average about £6,009 a month on the whole financial year if the Treasurer's estimate is to be realised. Hie alterations In the Victorian tariff came into force on the 1st January. The rates to be charged on the.most jmportant items are Ale, fax, Is 3d per gallon; articles of apparel, 40 per cent; candles, IJd per lb; bicycles, 10 per cent. ; earthenware, 15. per cent; eggs, 10 per cent; engines, IS per ccnt; hosiery, 25 per cent; agricultural implements, 15 per cent; spirits, ISs per gallon; Oregon timber, from Is to 4s per 100 superficial feet; woollen manufactures, 25 per cent; bacon, and hams, 2d per lb; butter 2d per lb; cheese, 3d per lb; oats and barley, 8s per cental; wheat, 2s.lid; manufactured meat, from 4s 6d to 9s .pea- cental; potatoes, £l per ton; and tobacco manufactured 3s per Ibj snnB 33 U ' ^ t ' t ?£1 per cent on aU importM'aBakes Is abfflShTsd. The members of the Kew tork Chamber of Commerce bare pasted resolution etrongly censuring President CleyeUnd for his action in connection with the difficulty which has arisen between Great Britain and Venezuela. The Chamber of Commeroe advises that arbitration should be employed for the settlement of. the difficulty. The recognises that thereis noprospectof making the railway revenue square irith his estimate, anathftfthere mnA beafleficency of about filOQ.OOOjn that depaitmeat for the year as compared *ith -what he expected to receive. The receipts for the stock tax are below tie porregjonding period for 1895 bv £22000 This Mr Tamer attributes -to the drought. Dodan, of Glenljon, died on Kew Tear's nay, about S m the morning, ttfeiauseof teug consumption. _ Mr ^nd Mrs jJegal managed «nd from a serax; attack of'WlvHis. ? 