A HEAL. 'HAUNTED HOUSE.' , . WHO WILL- -'CATCH -THESE . GHOSTS ?. . - ' Over the signature -cBruggeling' an Anglo Indian officer sends to the London standard a remarkable narrative of his dihicul ties at a country house, to which he gives ttie avowedly fictitious liarno of 'Siiverton Abbey.' This is a very slight condensation of bib story : — Some time ago I lolt- India on furlough, anct, being acar the end of my service,. looked out for a house that should bo our hpine for '» few years'.-. After four months' voitt. starch l;was told of SUvertoa ^A-bbey. -I fouuiJ the house in- mdsi'' respects -what I WauTed, but the' gardens were a scene of utter da-iolatiou. The house liad been empty for four years No one £:iid a word about about tho house being haunted. .My landlord, who had been frightened out of the house, was siienfc on c.'iis point. The first thing that wo noticed was that ser vants fought shy of us. No sooner was Siivtr ton Abbey mentioned tlsan the servant broke off negotiations. In some way we struggled ou short-banded. Still no ono said -anything about ghosts. Summer turner! into autumn, when one evening a violent rattling ;it one of tho windows sent off the parlormaid, a girl from the village, into hysterics. 1 ran outside, but found no one. Alter being comforted ijy a glass ol port the girl .sabbed out thii-t it was weli known th.it Mr. ? walked. She told a long story, which was afterwards corroborated, of past events connected with Silverton Abbey. It was not a pleasant story, and as it access persons still living I will give no details. Other people confirmed this story, and it turned out that the houuc was widely known as he-ing haunted. As wiutur drew on and the nights began to lengthen strange noisra began to be hoard. Night after night have I gouu over tlie hoi:3o with a lamp in one hand a:id a loaded revolver in the other, but never di-l 1 find any one about. Furniture had never been disturbed, though 1 couid have sworn it was being moved. No living being h:ul lioen in the places from which footsteps hnd been heard. The. governess used to com plain of r. tail lady, with Ijlac!; heavy cyt:brcws, wlio used to co:ii-= as if to strangle hi^r a- she Lay in Ixd. She also described some footstep?, ?which had passed along the corridor past her door of somi-oiiP, apparently, by bis or her actions, intoxicated, liut. in fact, no one had loft their rooms, and no one had been intoxi caU-ri. One night we had driven into the town to a concert. It was nearly midnight when wo re turned. Our old Scutch housekeeper, who admitted us, a -woman of jjon ntrvya, was trembling with terror. Shortly before our arrival a horrible shriek had runjf through the house. To all questions she only replied, ' It was nothing earthly.' Tho liuree, who was awake with a oliikl with whooping-cough, heard the cry, and says it was simply horrible. It was, she aaya, in the. lower corridor. Now there was no one. in the low^r corridor. One, night, lying awake, I distinctly saw the hr.n-ile of vu.y bedroom door turiisd and tlm door pushed open. 1 seized my revolver and ran to the door. The. lamp in the lonrr cor ridor was burning brightly, no one was there, and no one c(»;;ld li.ivo got sway. We had !*?- coi:ie much attached to the neighborhood. We decided to spend our whiter.* on tho Continent aud the summers at Silverton Abbey. We had children to educate. Oar idea turned out to be an impossible one. Wo decide(} to, let the house. 1 put tho matter in tho himls of local i'-ueats, but failed to l--t it furnished. Now I have received an offer of 1'iOO for the two and a quarter yoar3 -remaining of my lease; £J 00 to be 'paid for two and a quarter yeai'd ocunpatiou of a house with Hi bedrooms, lar^c reception-rooms, a garden with plenty of fruit, J'.ntl 14 acres of pasture, which pasture lets for about £'12 a year ! Takinjj s-.way tho pa.-.ture, tho house a!id garden appear, there fore, to be worth no more tli-an-£lS a year. In conclusion, '?Bruggeliug' asseverates that there mb nothing whatuvbr against 'the house but ghosts, which, he cuntinu'.'s, are isot rats,' not draughts, not scrwch-owlts, and enquires if he ought not to have a remedy against ths landlort! even though, as hi^s lawyer tills him, the Eaglieh law does not recognise ghosts. 