UILWAY • much about firearms, so you to pick me out what a Ste ... 5'° -oo3 weapon." rln ran his eye along the ^ *Ine ?ean recommend." he I tinted blue, its stock U'out in nickel, and its ham- U a glitterins cylinder like .,-^rret in a rat- hole. ° m t looks all right. Is it Kindly explain to me OeiricSisacne." ^Vrimd seen the cartridges ^ ,rhe I had thechambers ana had paid i^.-f Arthur Brackenbridge slip- * into his breast pocket • ^i^ar along the Strand, and, "Irciarpiv Villlers street, enunderground station. Court first return,- he said at hole but he hastily corrected "No, sot return; single I H's Court, first single." •J^j the ticket, grinning ruejjliesaM to himseir, "The return free journey this time, I ima- • Hatt-wav down the dirty stairs to the platform ie suddenly 'Sf., fa the world Dossessed meto Łrstł Thira would have done „rate « VdL What an ass I am to- Eft I MTeUvedintWs worid &TZ; inmnay asweirBo-TOtr«ine TfeTmiUns passengers sauntered «mi iotra the platform, smoke *J, fantastic blue whiffs, writhing iTtofUEgand swirling lazily towards Z-Mf and the gas burned yellow in ri3tE clobes that hung above Eftisv- Tbe ticket inspect 01 * at Zff.-t of the stairs, his punch dangle |i lif finrers. carried on a fiirtaa tiuxom wench of sirvingit will look bettei oh the mjjcrcpcr bill. 'Suicide in a Thirdteradc^und' seems cheap. Few of class enter the underground, travels third. Substitute first aH, and well — it should gv 3 ratter taking bill, you know, j; ii; point in his soliloquy Arthur jsliEiSi- ldye became aware of a cuje porting rumble that rapidly _r into a joar, and as if in fear of vinous sound the black tunnel lęsi to vomit smoke that gushed out j, s Saw? cloud-bank. At last two Eyes trembled and blinked in fcisrkness. and the next instant janni train came wheezing, rock- & screeching. and grinding out of the fcii® and stopped with a jerk at Mona Brackenbridge ran nimbt lion? the carriages and jumped Into fe firsteapty compartment. Placin; g hat in the rack, he let down the tiator and stuck his head far out, as audi looking for a friend — a trick mri resortedto by lovers and school- Icyr trbo wish' a compartment In tauelves. On this occasion, however. He stratagem was unavailing. At the em lie train was about to move BEEbratnivman rushed past the ticketteener, and, grasping the handle of fc joer. gave ;t such a lightning-like frit and pu-I that had Brackenbridge s drara in his head with rapidity he Eit fcav?found himself at full length i the platform. Without one word of srósry tie stranger shut the door bang, ana flung himself into a crer, never once glancing at the flans rosn. who stood in the middle of fc compartment looking the anger..he ft. To Arthur Brackenbridge's way of sisfeiii?. the entrance ot this stranger OEfifepiTit t<s an \mcall£d.-for degree, tithe thought ol hownarrowly he had I Eped being flung out of the carriage €>:mnned him to remonstrate. So he qced by saying in his decided mannphasised by the anger that was lly ssat, sir." Etranger glanced up ; his eyes bloodshot, and his teatures'set and He said nothing, however, and tight Tlr seat, sir." i timo the stranger did not even so much as a glance, "or the first time I tell you that you in my seat. If you doubt me, my i the rack above will prove what y^c-at a word the fellow flung him- "" into the opposite corner. JBafl, he's a cool customer," Arthur -'..red as he tools the seat vacated tlF the stranger. ; man sat, or rather lay along the ion. his two hands deep into his ™; ers ' Pockets and his eyes fixed on ~ ™ 2f it rose and fell to the rocking ft? carriage. He was a man past rr '- Ł fairly well dressed, and stur- EirbajlL » . "Hi startle this cold-blooded fellow ,r?1m through with him," Arthur t,,nu" ht - Leaning fork's toaddressed the sullen man: twdM_Mte you to change compart- ^ at the next station." U-_man stared angrily at the speaker. *m4t4tr hinEOf thekind -" e you. ange.' : after my comfort without as- ^ from others. I shall not IhJ? plsase -" Brackenbridge rea careless tone. • crr nche<3 ' and ground, and TeS an 5 came to a standstill at fcK» rBndge - Arthur Bracken- ^ovt•n^ sir, to ad\\-ise you again to u wiu not vat you and may save youaloL at! good faith." V&s; maD ran his eye over «ie ' 5 unspeakable ecom " tenh>^ Thea he fSaJn turned "S ton ,. t0 boot. When disappeared Into the tunnel "IT ™ brid se sat up. - MriJ°Jj^aTe Eeen fit to disregard my SWfeiŁ T as 1 be£ore in all "ot ovJmT ° Dly hope - Eir - **** "ad to m me committing suicide. ^ St T; w , my brains out before-we Tt."l a0es station." E i^o^ l e a p t feet, of th»T c^^ge door and the ^wned Bracken-, i p J l 5 ?'" st eam and smoke ^l?!® 1 1 ! 3 the comparnnent fitter's r^411 1113 STasped Hold ol ^ m ^T: At ,ast ^ door was ^ B^enb^stood each » - dEB grinned. waratae- "crossed V-S y U ^Eht prefer to be t g ^ S ; Touaranot r ^ t ^ f ^ ^ kroner's jury, sir. bntPm • 4113 of fact I am not ^ ^ which. the 'n this world. It ^ - me events r.r «Tf would try "J to "J live t ^ to awful day- I'm > elrtpr t to * Slon-ered Into the eyes of i^^fo aitf Sfl """di: the taller 'Tfhoa w® ^ to stoop low. Ve rou aone for?" h® yon mean?" 329 The young man felt a trifle uneasy under the other's t bloodshot eyes. .. . .. B "Whom have -you made away with ? c What did he do to you'to tnake you do the deed?" The fellow stepped hurriedly. back Into the corner, and looted about him as though he feared he had been overheard Arthur Brackenbridge blurted out: "What the deuce do you mean, Eir Done for?" 'Made away with V What an idea! You're crazy now, instead of me. It Is I have been murdered, foully and brutally murdered. les, tslr, twice this day. But here we are at St. James's and the little affair not done. I trust to your honor not to say a •word to the guard, for as sore - as he comes tor me I shall fire, and In my Łuny may make a mess of it, you know. Now, out you get, that's a good'fellow. and God bless you, sir. Por some reason quite unexplainable I wish to be alone when, when well, good-bye. The surly man stepped out, walked a dozen feet towards the exit, paused for a second or two, and then hurriedly retraced his steps, entered the compartment and shut the door after him. "No, may I be hanged if I leave you.' Brackenbridge sat wearily back in the cushions. The stranger stood looking down upon him. "Postpone the deed for just - enr station more . I want to speak with you. May I?" Brackenbridge nodded an enforced affirmation, and the heavy man seating himseir; a silence foUowed. -At InaOv. ^rrrhere lśTiut jane iatoe - In the long calendar .Ihe flevn lias prepared for -us' that .warrants a. man taking his life." *Tes? What is. that crime, may I "Murder." "My dear sir," said Brackenbridge sitting up, and speaking witlj animation, "My dear sir, a murderer has no need to kill hiself." "You mean Society will do the Job for him?" "Hot at all; I mean quite a different thing. A murderer dies the instant his victim dies." "O! indeed, I did not know that." "It is so, nevertheless. A murderer may walk about, and be to all outward appearances alive, but, as a matter of fact, he is as dead as Pharaoh. Bis hold on the world is relaxed. His selfrespect is dead; his manliness is dead, his liberty is .dead; his ease of mind has been slain by the self-same blow that slew his victim ; everything that constitutes life is slain, and lies dead within him, a rubbish -heap -with his heart, a core of hateful fire smouldering beneath it all. Breathing, working, a walking, talking, seeing—all such things are but the incidents of life. A life of falsehood and subterfuge, of wildly flee- ing from a consequence, is death In its most awful form." Brackenbridge spoke rapidly and with bitter vehemence. " I tell yon,' be continued, "murder changes a man from a living being to a craven coward, a coward who fears to live, end fears to die." The heavy man sat in silence for some moments. "It seems to me," lie said at length, "that one who contemplates suicide is a still more deplorable creature - than murderer." "I don't see matters in that light at alL" "Well, I fhinlr you will agree that one who has committed lmurder may, -least, be presumed to have been brave at the moment of the deed." "I suppose there is something uncanny about taking human life that demands valor of one kind or another," assented jaackenbridge. "But -with suicide it Ss altogether different," continued the stranger. "The actuating impulse is cowardice, pure and simple, a weafc determination to ^escape threatened pains of body or of mind. But I maintain that to deliberately, with premeditation, slay a. fellow man forth one glorious outburst of manhood, one. period of physical triumph, of mental exultation, ineffable, supreme; a moment when a man's feet are' on the spheres, when his head is ablaze in the sun, his soul is a great licking, rolling crimson flame, and Ms arms are reached down through endless space to the spinning world, and his fin ers creep among the crowd to clutch his shrieking victim, clutch him, and roll him in the palms, crush his bones, squeeze him, crunch him, and roll him again and again, and work him gradually, gloatingly, towards the finger-tips to hurl bim, a pulpy mass. Into space and everlasting blackness. Ah! I call that a supreme moment, when the crimson flame of soul-flre leaps through the smoke-clouds of a smouldering life to the very sky!" The stranger had started to his feet, his eyes great and full of fire, his hands clinched above his head. Whirling round and facing Arthur Brackenbridge he demanded : "Why would you kill yourself?" 1 have lost my fortune, and •What is that? Tou talk of cowards! I thought you valiant, you thought yourself so! Bah! why waste good powder and ball. Tou fear to live because, perchance, your circumstances may not be quite so pleasant as formerly. Sordid coward" "Ifs not altogether a matter money," faltered the young man. The stranger kept his eyes fixed upon him. 'There's a warrant " "Then you are a criminal?" "No, I am not." "Why the •warrant?" "My partner has landed us both in fraudulent bankruptcy " 'Are you innocent?" "Absolutely." 'And you fear?" "Well, there is as much shame as fear 'Ton ape Tain as well as a coward.' c To be the principal in r ja criminal trial Is yio pleasant experience; at least, so I gather.from the -newspapers." :: ' TChfe. liesavF (maji -śal 'down', again and ,1 ^"yoimg maji,-wlMtt a craven you would iha-ve me believe you. Tour cowardice is BO Ereat that you are willing "to .stamp, yourself guilty, by self-murder rather than face your accusers and confound tŁem. On my soul I am surprised yon ventured out aJone to kDl yourself. X should have thought you would have Implored come one to . come with-you while you took the leap in the dark.Why -were you given youth, strength, health, good strong arms-and sound Łeart lf they were not Intended to overcome Obstacles'' Think' would it not be greater far to step «"t before the world and say -Here am I an honest man; where are my accusers?' rather than to lie on the floor of a railway carriage with a -wreath, of powder-smoke tor a crown?' "Yes, but you eee, my dear sir, to-day there has been a focuesing of all that is 'unfortunate «or me. My -whole fortune is gone, : the tact that It has been lost causes the police to 'want* me, and the fact that the police "want* me has lost me—well " ^ "Out >wlth it' Lost you -what?" .Arthur Brac&enbridge; did not Intend to say, more, but the stranger's commanding gaze -ana Imperative question left him powerless to resist At every station »e prayed that some onejwould enter the compartment, ł>ut the łjnder- Kround is a contrary łine. No one disturbed them. ^ , _ j, 1 What «se Lave you lost?" demanded the heavy''mani" "WeB, to .'tout with tt' as you ask—the girl to twhom?*^ buret Into s SotMl -of • ^ e V ^ S n l e t '1 said "Then hi lost her?' Brackenlidge was silent. herwvss iJ 11 ghost óf a trace of mirth. | rackenbri^e felt indignant at the sar- : levlt of his new found combatant. but aid nothing. "Girl," th heavy roan shouted. 'Fine F girl, indeed, bat'will break her promise because yot 'e lost a pound. She gave you her woi and now tells you to your ( face that s!: -will not keep it" t "She has i it. I tell you she—she 'But you lave just this minute said she told yo to go about your busing of the sort" know you that you have "Let us ą honest one to the other. Answer me: low knew you"2" "Her guirdian, her annt, told me.' "My yoiig friend, take the advice .of one who his seen, experienced, learned. Have no dialings with a woman through a woman4never. Give me that revolver you havd fn your breast pocket." The revolver was weakly passed over. "Now we axe coming to Earl's Court Station. *Get out; be a man; walk up to the first policeman you meet—or, better still, hail a .hansom, and tell cabby to drive to tiie nearest police station. Sayto the Inspector: 'I bear there is a warrant out for me. I have come to give myself up. It you want me.*" "By George! I don't like to do It, you know, I swear I don't ; but ! suppose your .advice is good. I must say I do not fancy passing through tlie machin ^Justice—ihe Bttatinr t>bllce cells end 'majte the ctlnking Old Bailey and the ^tinkin^'^HoUoivay as well, " don't lUie the idea, I say." "Nonsense. I have little doubt that you'll find the plank bed In the cells more entertaining at least than the stone slab of the morgue." "Don't speak of it, sir; not another word. I hadn't thought of that *pon my soul, I hadn't. Tou make, my flesh creep." The stranger grinned for the first time. Arthur Brackenbridge reached for his hat, and reluctantly left the carriage. He stood for a moment, his back the compartment and his hand still on the door. Turning, he "said : es. you're right. Til do it; Til give myself up and see -what becomes of me. My name Is Brackenbridge ; you will, without a doubt, see it appear often enough in the newspapers during the next month or so. But, -whatever becomes of me. you, sir, have saved my life. Whether you have done me a good turn or an evil one has yet to,be seen; but to-night, at least, I am graetful, very grateful. That slab keeps recurring to m ymind, you know, and—well, goodbye, my friend, and God bless you, sir. God bless you {The two men clasped hands, gazing s into one another's face earnestly and long. The train started with its usual wracking jerk. d The heavy man satf" huddled in the f corner, his brows contracted, arms folded, and his eyes fixed on his dancing foot. The train arrived at and departed from West Kensington station. He slipped his hand into his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the revolver. The muzzie smelt blood; it looked blood. Without one glance at the weapon, bnt handling it as a usurer handles a gold ornament, he muttered: •Taken one life, saved one life. Surely the one should balance the other. • But he says: "No; not one life, but two you have taken—two! two!' your victim's and your own." I believe he Is as right in my case as I was in his, and the balance is against me, against hopelesly against me; against me now and for all eternity. He said to me: •God bless you, sir!" I think that is of good omen. He is the last I shall meet xjn Hiis earJtŁ, oił-ł>less -yo* 1 .- Birr With his thumb he drew back the hammer of the weapon until it 'clicked" twice. 'I may as well end my flight by instantaneously putting myself out of reach of. my pursuers; and it is better that I do it with the young man's words ringing in my ears. He was flying to his death; I from mine. He found life; find At Hammersmith station the travellers by" the train gathered round the compartment, to stand tip-toe and peer into it while the guards were lifting the corpse up from its sorrowful collapse; and next morning's papers contained the news of the suicide of.the Gray's Inn murderer and the arrest of Arthur Brackenbridge. —"The Ludgate.' 