Sermon for Sunday. Jonali's Resolve. Bv Late Rev. C. H. Spdboeon. , Then I said, I am cast out of Thy sight ; yet I will look again toward Thy lioly temple.— Jonah 11. 4. First in tho text, wo have tbo vordiot of sonso. Sense hurriedly dcoidos, " I am oast out of Tliy sight." It is noteworthy tliat unbelief is always first to speak. Whenever David observes, "I.suid in my baste," you will notico tbut something is to bo confessed which was unwise and untruo. Unboliof cannot wait— it must havo its say ; it blabs out' all its silly soul nt its earliest opportunity. In ' your own caso, if you can ho oalm and patient, you will speak to God's glory ; hut if you uro hasty and petulant, . and must needs talk as soon as over tho trial comes upon you, it is almost an absolute certainty that you will say what you will bo glad to unsay. Our hasty words aro often dipped in wormwood, and handed back to us that wo may out tlioin. Hold then still a while, my brother ; or, if thou must speak, sptak to thy God, and not against Him ; speak to- thy God, and not to thyself. This vordiot of sense was apparently very oorroot. 1 ' I said, I am oust out of Thy sight." Did it not scom so? Jonah hud triod to get awav from God, nnd God hud pursued him with a tempest, aud almost broken tho ship to pieces, in order to bo nt him. As tho result of tho tempest ho hnd been hurled into tlio sea, und in tho sea a great fish hud awnlloivcd him, und ho had been curriod down till tho floods compassed him about. Did not nil his surroundings confirm his suspicion tlint ho wbb a oustuway f Could ho oxpoot ovor ngnin thnt tlio word of tlio' Lord would come to Jouah, tho sou of Amittaip Could ho liopo over again to stand with the joyful multitudo that kept holy day in tlio courts of tho Lord's houso, or to present tlio saorificoof thanksgiving upou Jofiovuli's altar? No. If ho judged by his feelings, ho wus shut up to tlio conclusion which lio oxprossod. Yet it wns not so; and thcroforo I -invito tlioso of .you who have begun to -judgo your God by what you fool, and by whut yon sco, to roviso your judgmont, and in future to bo vory diffiilont as to your power to come to any just conolusipn as to God's -dealings with you. Thank God, you will ho wrong if yon despair. It is mnoli hotter for yon to show your luitli by relying on your God than to display your folly'hy saying; " I am oast out." As this verdict of sonso xecmod to ho oorroot Jonah must havo felt that it wus ussurodly deserved. If the Lord had doalt with Jonah according to' his sins, lio would huvo boon u oastaway.- Ho had hurried, to Joppu, and taken a p'assngo.in a ship to go to Turshish, or unywlioro else, to fleo from tho proBouco of God. Now, what was a fitter punishment for him tliau that lio should bo oast out from tbo sight of God F Hud not this boon his inquiiy at Joppn, " Whithor shall I go from Thy Spirit?" Wns not this his demand, " whitnor sliull I fleo from Thy presence P " Now ho has his unswor, — he is curried down till tho dopth olosed hitn round about. His waywardness hnd oomo homo to him ; ho had been paid hi his own coin ; and what oould Jonah feel hut that ho was filled with his own ways? Had ho died in tho sou, ho could not have doubted tho Lord's justice. This must havo mado him doubly Borrowful; a gbllty conscience is tho sourest ingredient of all. Whon enoli wavo liowlod iu Jonah's ear, "You deserve it," ho was in an ovil plight indeed. Obsorvo that this verdict of sonso, "I am cast out from God," was vary bittor to Jonnli. You can seo, by tlio way in whiah ho spcaics, that it is a henvy bunion to him, and yot it seems Btranga tliat it should bo so. Hero is a man who, whou ho was in a wrong state of heart, sought to fleo from tho presonca of tho Lord, and now thnt ho thinks lio is away from God, ho is filled with horror and dismay. By thin wo know tho children of God ovoii nt tlioir worst ostnto, Oh, you tliat aro tlio pooplo of God, you muy somo- timoH iu your wilfulness wish that you could get away from tho all-searching Ej-o ; but if you could do so, it would he hell to you. If you aro a child of God you must dwoll in His fircsonco : it is your life, anil you cannot ho mppy anywhero olso. Tho light of His countenance must bo light to tlico, or thou must walk in darkness ; thy music must oomo from Jesus' lips, or else thero is nought for thoo but wailing aud gnashing of tooth ; thy heaven must ho in His ombraoo— thoro is iio licuvon elsowhero for thoo. Thus I havo brought out somowliat tlio force of thin verdict of scnKo, " I um ciiHt out of Thy sight : " but I wunt you further to notico" tliut it wus not true. Thero wus ground for griof, but not for this despuirlng inference. Tho vordiot wus not sustained by suftioiont evidence. It was a grout deal moro tliun Jonah should havo said : " I am cuBt out of thy sight." What, alivo in tho sen, Jonah 1 alivo iu tho doop ! alivo ill tho holly of a fish 1 aud say that you aro cast out from God's sight ! Surely, if God was imy- whoro in tlio world, it was in thnt great fish. Whoro olso could thoro havo boon surer proofs of His present power und Godiicnd than in keeping a man alivo in a living oharnol ? Tlioro was u oonstant standing miraolo for throe days nnd nights ; and whoro thoro is a miraolo; thoro is God > most visibly soon. 'Thoro is a text thnt Jonnli could novor liavo hcurd, whioli I commend to yon against the timo whon yon got to ho where Jonah was. I do not supposo you over will be buried nlivo in a fish literally ; ;but you may spiritually sink ns deep as tho prophet did. What is that text? "Him that oomotli to Me I will in no wiso'cast out." Ho will novor, never cast out a single one that trusts Him. So that if ovor you should ho in a condition whjph scorns to you quito ns forlorn ns that of this prophot in tho midst of tho sea, you may yot lib sure that you aro not oust off, nor cast out. 1 Follow mo, dear frionds, and may tho Lord make it profitable to you, whilo I dwell upoii tho rosolve of faith. Oh, thnt tho Holy Ghost may work in us "like preoious /aith " with Jonah. "Yot," says Jouali, "ovonifl ho oast out, I will look again toward Thy holy tomplo." Jonah was a man of God, when ho was in his worst state of mind. At no timo wus the otornal life qnito extinct within him. An ugly kind of saint, this Jonah, when ho was in tho sulks — a proud, self-conscious, wilful, and moroso boing, hard to love ! Yot, as ah oystor may boar a precious pearl within its rough shot!, so did tlio harsh prophot contain within his boing a priceless jowol of faith — faith ominont, triumphant — faith of tho highest dogroo. This faith put liim. upon prayor. Tho ohaptcr begins, "Then Jonah prayed unto tho Lord his God out of tlio fish's holly." Jonah had not pntyod whon lio wont down to Joppn. Ho had taken tho munagomont of himself into his own hands, und referred nothing to God us to that rash voyage. How oould ho pray in suoh a tompor ? whon tho sea liogan to work and wus tempestuous lie was in tlia sides of tho ship, but lio did not pray ; no; ho wont to sloop. His con- soienoo had become stupid and soared as with a hot iron ; there wae no prayer in liim, hut a oortain numhnoss of mind und lothargy of hourt. And now lio gots into thu fish's holly — u vory oloso, dead pluco, wlioro ono would think lio would lio in u. state of comu, or in a sort of fainting fit, if it woro poHsiblo for liim to llvo ut all ; yot thoro ho begins to pray. Yuu will find God's children praying wlioro you thought thoy would despair ; and, on tho other hand, you may discover tliat tlioy do not pray whoro you thought thoy, would abound in supplication. " Oh," says ono man, " if I oould liavo my timo all to my self, aud had not tho worry of this family and this businoss, what a deal of timo I would spond in prayor!" Would you? I would not guaruntoo your, abundant devotion. Somo of tlioso who havo lonst timo for prayor, pray most, aud thoso who havo most opportunity and everything congenial, aro too ofton found to bo most Blaok in their petitions. Ono of tho surest evidences of a living faith is prayor. If thou aanst not do anything olso, thou oanst pray; und if thou ho p ohild of God, thou wilt as suroly pray ns a man breathes or as a ohild orios : thou canst not help it. Prayor is thy vital breath, thy nativo air. Whether on tho land or or in tho son, prayor is thy lifo, und thou oanst not livo without it if thou bo indood horn from on high. I beg you to notice, liowevor, thnt this faith of JunUh showed itsolf, not in prayer to God in gonorul, hut tho passngo runs, " Then Jonah prayod unto tho Lord his God." Thoro is a mint of meaning hero ! If you go up stairs and pray to God as everybody's God, you havo douo what every "Jack, Tom, and Harry may do; but to go to your olosot and ory to tho Lord as your own God, is what nono but an heir of graoo can do. Oh to or y, "My Father and my-Friend ! My God in covenant ! My God to whom I havo spokon yoara ago, and from whom I have hoard full many a timo 1 Thou whom I love I Thou - who lovest mo ! Jehovuli, mv God !" This laying hold upon God ub our own God is a busi noss which tho outor- court worshipper knows nothing of. Havo soma of you got a God at all? "Oh," you say, "I know thoro is a God." Yos, I know there iB a hank; but tliat does not ranko mo rich. What iB your God to mo ? I want to say, "My God," or I cannot ho happy. Havo you a God to yourself, nil to yoursolf ; for, if it ho so, you will pray tlio prayor of faith when - you draw iicur to Him, auil thin will prove thnt what ever your ooudition inay bo, you aro not cast out from tho night of tho Most High. Then I want you to furtlior noto that faith dares oomo to God witli a "yot." Jonah said, "Yot I will look again toward Thy holy tomplo." Faitli in lior worst oiroum- stancos trusts to God. Olog hor, load lior, shut her up, yot sho looks to God alone. 0 God I I trusted Tlieo onco whon I was but young nnd I felt my need of a Saviour ; I oumo to Thoo then and I looked to Jesus, and I found peuoo nt once. With new woights and frosh encumbranecB I do to-day what I did muuy youra ago — I throw mysolf on Thoo, my Lord, and trust in Thy matchless plan of salvation through tlio prooious blood of Christ. According to tho Hobrow, tho word should ho rondorod "only" instead of "yot." "Only I will look again towards Thy "holy tomplo." Faith looks to God only. Fiiitli comes nlono to her God, and sooks no company to keep hor in countonuneo. Whon wo woro first saved, it was by fuith only, aud wo must bo saved in thp Biimo way still. Jesus only is our hppo, and only will wo look to Him. If you. huvo lost some of your first light, look again ; look towards His holy tomplo ut onoo, nnd tlio light slinll suroly return to you. Look! look to Josus! "Thoro is lifo in a look." . Thero ia licuvon in a look. "Look unto Mo, aud bo yo saved, till tho onds of tho curtli." Look ! If thou ciinst not go forth to fight by faith, stand still nnd look by faith. If thou cunst not dcclnre tlio- glory of tho Lord, yo look. If thou canst not toll what God hath done for thoo, yotkeop thou still looking by faith to sco what God will do for thee. Dear frionds, oven if you forgot nil tho rost of my text, ramombor thoso two words, "Look ugain." If any of you aro in sora trouble, I will hid you go homo with only tlieso two words ringing in your oars, " Look ugain I " If you did look onoo, hut liavo fallen into now durknoss, look again. When wb are at our worst lot us trust with unshaking faitli. Recollect tliut than iu the timo when wo can most glorify God by fuith. To boliovo in tho promisu of God, ns you rcud it in His Word, is a grand tiling ; to boliovo it, though you nrb siok anil sorry, though ready to dio — this is to glorify tho Lord. Brethren, if I livo I will boliovo tho promiuo, if I dio I will boliovo tlio promise, nnd whon I riso again I will boliovo tho proiniso. Lot us resolve to boliovo though the world bo iu ilamoB nnd tho pillars thereof aro removed. Lot- uq boliovo though tho sun ho turned Into darkness nnd tho moon into blood. Lot us boliovo though ail tho powers of tho earth bo marshiillcd in fight, and Gog and Magog gathor themselves together to battle. Let uh boliovo though tho trumpet sonndB for judgment, and tho groat whito tlirono is set iu tlio opon licnven ? Wherefore should we doubt? Tlio oovonant con firmed by proiniso and by outh, and rutifiod with tlio blood of Josus, places ovory beliovor undor tho broud shiold of Divino truth ; und what cuuso cim there ho for four? 0 my hoaror, bcliovost thou in ChriBt? Dost' tliou trust thy God ? If thou punst stand to that, tliou art not only a saved man, hut tliou already givost glory to God. So may Ho help thoo to do 1 Amen. 