If 0 C A L I S M S, MAYOBAL BALE Thursday next;. * YABBA FLOODS BILL passtd through all its stages in a few minutes. The Dave of Arar&t;—" tha interjaotor-general," as he Is called—the only oppositionist. RSMBINO GOUNCIIILOBS,—-East, Cr Jago; West, Cr Freeman; South. Or Hott ; North, Cr MuUall^; Central, Cr Sheedy. THE MAYOR.-—For the mayoralty next year only two candidates are spoken of ap: to the present—Cr O'Connor and Cr Laity. BKT0BNJNG OFPICFBS —East Ward, Cr Gedge; South Ward, Cr White; Central Ward, Or McRae j Norfch Ward, Cr Jonas j West Ward. Or Newlauds. Auditor—The Mayor (Cr Nathaa). MistrKDERBTooD,—In the corridor of the Town Hall the other day an impecunious person accosted one of our connolllors with the remark, "Excaae me, sir, I've seen better days," "So liave-I," was the un> expected reply j " this weather is abomin- ble," and the councillor passed on. - TALKING SHOP.—A young man who recently became : engaged to the somewhat juvenile daughter of a local draper tells that when h« went to her father the old chap sud,*< Why, she's only a schoolgirl yet;" and the young chap said," I knew —I came early to avoid the rush," and the old man smiled and said, " Ail righb." AMBIGUOUS-—In : ..the ?Argus the other day was an advertiaement^f board and residence to foe.hadin a iljshmend thoroughfare. ; It wonnd up w!th—".Comfortable home; cow kept; no other lodgers." ; " FABE'VOBFINITIONS—One of the oabmen from the Vine Hotel stand drove a councillor from § neighboring municipality over from the Town Hall to Swan-street station, the ether day. What's the fare, Cabby ? " he asked, when' hB got there. "Well," said the Jehu, ?'4he legal miser's fare is Is, the ordinary mean «SSB pays Is 3d, and the: gentleman's fare is Is 61, Needless to say, his fare was a gentleman." COMPLIMENTARY.—At the Kew Council the other sight, Cr Ksllett paid the Barkly Square tCommittee a tribute of praise, and detailed to his Council the success and economy of their work. He desired that Gouncil to treat a vacant reserve in their possession the same way. SFOIIIT.—iA dramatic oompanv recently performing in the Richmond Town Hall, was performing "William Tell" Iait week in Prahran. There was not much money about, and tlie orchestra wanted some, but the Ghost wouldn't walk." In the scene where the tyraut^a&eratioks; his hat on a pole And orders the crowd to bow down to it, instead of the " burst of maTtial music" expscled, the orchestra struck up " Where did you get tbat hat ?" and the scene waB utterly squashed. ARBM~IJJISGE»CE —Ex-Cr Hill, who many yews ago represented tlie South Ward in the local Conncil} dropped ia at the Town Hall the other day, and recalled some curious incidents of the days gone by. Mr Hill says that lie lost his seat in the Council througliadvoeaiini? the Yarra improvements. He desired to have the surplus cosvict labor employed on the Yarra, with « view also of getting the then proposed J railway WCrkaaipa located in Riclimotid • This advocacy lost .him his election. TENDERS are iuvi l ad hy the,Council for onstru^ting eest fend of Murphy-street; right-of-way off Nicholas-street, and for building a room at the Abattoirs. HIBERNIAN.—The 26 .h annual sccial of r theH.A.C.B S. will ba celebrated'by a ball in ihe Town He'.I on Asgcist.^ WHAT'S IN A NAMH —Cr O'Connor has a motion onthe business-paper iso-change the following; names; of l-streata la the Bast W^tdi-^Bridge : stree|: to K^naon- street, th-street te 'Jago- , .. •, - „ Grlasshouse-street, , _ . . Park-grova to ^edge-grove, Park-avenue 1 to tfcNair-avenue 