.Melbourne Sporting. ; (By Telegraph from "Martindale.") Tuesday's Gallops. MELBOURNE, Tuesday.-Nothing better in the way of weather could have been wished for than that experienced by visitors to Flemington this morning. The mosquitoes were in evidence, but the course and surroundings looked very pleasant, though the manager told me the winter had been a little too wet for his liking. Down before the work opened, the tracks, especially" the sand, look ed a picture, being nicely damp from the effects of the artificial watering the previous evening. If a horse could not gallop on it he could not gallop anywhere. The first to disarrange it was my especial Cup fancy, Broken Hill; but he left it for the tan, and there, assisted by Eleusinian, registered two miles in "very taking style. The first round, which ls exactly a mlle,-was cov ered in lmin 55se<!, with the horse going well; A mile and a half was put behind in 2min 491/4sec, the mile and three-quarters in 3\min 16sec, and the two miles in 3min ,.46%sec. It was a very nice gallop, and done well enough in these times . at moderate horses to please anyone. The next to appear was the more sensational Dreamland, . who looks to the eye splendid, and his subse quent performance proved that he is coming hack to form. His companion was the A.J.C. Derby winner, Charge, who had the inside position, with Mat Harris, irx the saddle. The tan was the con . vincing ground; and both stretched away for a real sound galiop. The first mile was completed " in lmin 52%isecÍ' with no perceptible difference between them, and the old hurdle horse Bischoff joined in to ensure a solid race. In the next fur long it could be seen'that Harris was unsettled, and he began, to work at Charge to keep his place. The colt struggled gaimely enough, but he was a length to the bad of Dreamland in lesa than another furlong, and continued.=to drop back, being five lengths in the rear at the mile and -a quarter, run in 2mln 20%sec. Bischoff all this time was making lt very merry, and Dreamland was after him, leaving Charge at every stride, and passed the mlle and a half in 2min 50%sec, while Charge waa 2sec in the rear and in great distress. Dreamland kept on, and came-home strong and well at the end of a sound two-miles run in 3min 461/£sec. This was a real good galop, as he was on the outside of the others all the way. The position held at the fin ish by Charge was anything but assuring to his followers, and he will haye to do a lot better to have a ghost of a chance in the Derby, as the morning's 'work will prove later on. Little Cin der Ellen, looking well, was rattled over half a mile in- company with Loch Isle; while the St« Albans horses, Trentham, Resolute, and Cydnus, all looking well, cantered, and Lochuanita spurt ed. Hova looks well, but moved sorely, although ho did strong work; while Mischief, after canter ing, wound up with a. smartly run six furlongs. Thunder Queen spurted, and looks .light, on the sand tra'clt.' Coil and Le "Var were put together for a strong run once round, with Hayes up on Coil, who had the inside position.- The flrBt mile was covered in lmln 50sec, with Le Var in front. Ac . the . mlle and a quarter, tn- 2min 18sec, Le Var was still leading, while Hayes was shaking up the chestnut, .and,, despite" a vigorous bit óf " work on the ¿ part of Hayes, Le Var appeared to be slightly in front aa seen from á distance at the end of ihe once round, done in 2min 33%sec. Coil, judging by the brief look I had of him, appears an improved colt to what he was in Sydney. First Reka and then The Cap tain put in strong work on the tan for a mile after cantering. Lieutenant coonpleted six furlongs in lrain 18sec, the gallop of the morning, so far as the distance was concerned. Great attention was paid to the next pair, Sabretache and Tire, who on the sand broke away at the mile and a half post, with Tire on the inside. The first mile was done in lmin 53%sec, once round In amin 35sec. Sabretache was laboring, while the rider on Tire waa simply waiting on the big brown horse, and could have beaten him by lengths at the winning post, the distance being done in 2min 48%sec. Sabretache did not do well at all, while little Tire appeared to be in no sort of trouble at any part of the journey, and to appearances could have gone near the record made for the morning had it been required of him. It was reported oí Tire that he had not done well since he came over, but I have it on the best authority that not one grain oí feed has he ever left. Erehwon and Paul Pry were rattled along for six furlongs, and then came Newhaven with Rose Noble to carry him along for the first part of the journey. Directly Hickenbotham's whistle sounded, the Derby favorite broke away with a nice easy swing, and a glance at the cbror nograph told how merry the paco, was that Rose Noble was setting. The gallop was done on the sand, and the first once round was completed in 2-min 30sec, with Cohort, who joined in, bringing ' Newhaven along, and finishing really well, con sidering the pace all the way. Newhaven passed ' the mile and a half post in 2min 44%sec, the last ? mile being run in lmin 51sec. Sweet Marie, Met ford, and Patrol were sent a fast five furlongs ; ; while-Bloodshot finished lengths in front of . O'Trigger at the end of a milo and a half, run in ' 2min 44%sec. Pivot put in a capital once round, doing the last mile in lmin 50sec. When finishing one of his bandages became loose, but fortunately no harm carno of it. Destiny and Interlude put in a strong mile of work; and then came the re cord gallop of the morning, which was done hy Hopscotch alone, with Hayes in the saddle. He ran on the sand the first mile in lmin 50sec, once round In 2min 29sec, mile and a half in 2mln 43%sec, and the last mile In lmin 49sec, and finish ed strong and well. The Skipper, with Billy De laney up, was led by Dord Brassey in the first part of his work on the sand. The first once round occupied 2min 33%sec. Cravat had then joined in, and The Skipper finished out a mile and three-quarters in 3min 54sec, all out. There were ? a host of others out working, hut nothing of in terest was done. After breakfast the youngsters spurted up the straight. . At Caulfield Marusa is understood to have done . a fine Melbourne Cup gallop on Monday before the touts arrived. The Chevalier this morning did a good gallop.. The round, about 20yd over a mile and a quarter, took 2min 21sec, and the mile and a half was easily done In 2min 49sec. He went-well throughout. Kobold went a mile nicely. Duhallow pleased with a' workman like mile and three-quarters. He did the round in 2min 20sec, and the mile and a half in 2min 46%sec. Straightflre. ran a mile and a quarter hard held in 2mlu 21sec. Bacchus and Y.eloce ran seven furlongs very fast, doing the middle 'Aye in lmin 5sec. Beau Brummel ran a mile in lmin 48sec, ànd Malula took lmin dD^sec. Bon Mot ran a smart five furlongs, and Qualigy seven furlongs in lmin 21%sec. The Hero did a strong working gallop, and Culzean went well over a mile, although the time- lmin 53%sec was slow. Pickwick, the hurdle racer, who is coming on rapidly, went a mile and a.half well. 