DR. RUMSEY'S PATIENT: A VERY STRANGE STORY, BY L. T. IIEADE AND DR. HALIFAX, Joint Authors op Stories from the Diaiu- of a Doctor, odrYRtanT. " i! . Chapter III. Frore stood perfectly still for a moment aftor Hetty had 'spoken, then without' a word' he ' turned and left1 her. Everett was still standing in tho poroh. Evcrott had owned . to, himself that ho had a decided ponohant : for tho littlo rustlo beauty, but -Flore's fioros passion ocolsd his. He did not feci particularly Inclined, how- ' over, to sympathise with his friend. "How rough you aro, Frore," be said, angrily ; " you've almost knocked the pipe out of my mouth a second tirno thle evening." i rero wont out into tho night without uttor- irtg a syllabic. . " Where iu'o you off to ? " oallcd Everottaftor him. . ... " What is that to you ?" was slioutod baolr. Evorett said something. farther. A strong antl v'ory ompiiatio, oath .loft' Frero's lips in rqply, Tho innkeeper,. Armitago, was passing tho young man at the momont. He stared at him,' wondering at'tbo whltonbsi of his face and the ' extraordinary energy of. hie. language. Armitago went indoors to -supper, and thought no moro of the oiroumstanoe. Ho was destined, howovor, to remombor it later. ' Everett con tinued to smoko hie plpo with philosophi- oal calm. Ho hoped against hope that protty little Hetty might como and stand in the poroh with him. Finding sbo did not appear, ho resolvod to go out and look for his friend. He was leaving the inn when Armitago called after him-v . ".I beg your pardon, Mr. Evorett, bat' will you be out late?" "I oan't say," replied Everett, stopping short; "why?" , " Booauao if so, Bir, you had hotter take tho latchkey, Wo'ro going to shut up the whole placo early to-night ; the wifo is doad beat,' and Hotty is not quite well." "I'm sorry. for that," said Everett after a pauso well, give me the key.- I daresay I'll return quito soon ; I am only going ont to msot Mr. Frore." Armitago gnvo tho young man the key, and roturned to tho house. Meanwhile Froro had wandered some.dlstanoo from tho pretty little village and the charming rustlo inn. His mind was out of tune with all harmony and beauty. He was in tho sort of condition when men will do mad deeds, not knowing in the loast why they do them. Hetty's words had, as ha himsolf expressed it, " awak ened the very devil in htm." "She has owned it," ho kopt saying to him self. V Yes, I was right in my oonjeotnre — ho wants her bimsalf. Much he regards honor and behaving straight to a woman. I'll show him a thing or two. Jove, if I moot him to-night, ho'U ruelt." ... , The great soloirra plain of Salisbury lay not two miles off. ..Frero made for its brood downs without knowing in the least that lie was doing so; By and byo Tie found ulthself .on a vast open spaco, sproadlng sheor away to the adga ol tho horizon. The moon, whioh had boon bright whon ho bad started on his walk, was now about to set— It was oasting long shadows on the ground; his own shadow in gigantio dimensions walked by bis side as . ho ncarcd the vioinity of the plain. Ho walked on and on ; the further he weat tho moro fiercely did his blood boil within him. All his life hitherto he had boon calm, eolleated, reasonable. Ho had taken tho events of life with a certain rude philosophy. He had intended to do well for himself— to carve out a prosporous career for himsolf, but although he had subdued his passions both at oollego and at school, ho had never blinded his eyos to the faot that there lived within his brenst, rosdy to bo awakened when tho time oame, a devil. Onco, as a child, he had given way to this mad fury. He bad flung a knife at his brother, wounding him in the tempio and almost killing him. Tho sight of the blood and tho fainting form of his only brother had awakonod his better self. He had lived through agony whilo his brother's life hang in tho balanae. Tiio lad eventually recovered, to die in a year or two of something else, but Frore novor forgot that timo of mental torture. From thnt hour until tho prosont ha hod- kept hla " devil," as ho used to oall it, well in ohcok; It was rampant, to-night, ' however— ho knew it, ho took no' pains to aonecal the faot from hla own hoart— ho rnthor gloried in the know ledge. Ho walked on and on, aoross tho plain. . Presontly in the dim distaaeo ho heard Evorott oalling him. " Frore, I say Frero, stop a momont, 111 como up to you.". A man who had boon oollootlng underwood, and was returning homo with a bagful, suddenly appearod in Froro's path. Hearing tha vole of the man shouting bohlnd he stopped. ' "There bo some-un calling yer," he said in his rude dialaat. . Froro stared at the man blindly. Ho lookod behind him, saw Evoratt's figure silhouetted against the sky, and than took wildly to hla heola ; ho ran as if something evil wero pursuing him. At this momept tha moon went compiotoly, 'down, and the wholo of tho vast plain lay in dim groy shadow, Froro had not the least idea whoro ho was running. Ho and Erorott had spent wholo days on the plain ravelling in tho solitudo and tho splondidair, but thoy had neither of them ovor visited it at night before. Tho wholo placo was strange, uncanny, un familiar. Froro soon lost his bearings. Ha tumbled into a liolo, uttered an exclamation of pain, andraised himsolf with somo dimonlty. "Hullo I" said a voice, "you might havo biokon your leg. What uro you doing hero!" Froro stood upright ; a man slighter and taller than himself faoed him' about tbrto foot away. Frcrc could not reoognlse the face, but he know tho tone. - ' " What the devil havo you como to moot roc for ?"ho sold, "Youk'ocoraeto'raeefamadman. Turn back and go homo, or it will be the wone . for yon." "I don't understand yon," said Audrey. Frere put a tremendous restraint upon him- self. "Look ltcrc," hp said. "I don't, want to in-' ' jura you, upon my iouI I' don't, but -there's a devil in mo to-night, and you had better go home without any more words." . . : ' "I shall cortniniy do nothing Of the kind," answered Audicy. "Tito plain is as open to mo as to you. It' you dislike itio take your own , path." ' : "My path is right aeroas where you are standing, said Frere. ' " Well, step aside and leave me aiono !" It was ao dark tho mon only appeared ar shadows one to tbo other. Thoir voices, each of them growing liot and passionate, seemed scarcely to belong to thomsalvos. Frero ontno " a step nearer to Audroy. , > "You shall have it," lie cried. "By the heaven above, I don't want to spate you. Let me tell you what I think of you." . "Sir," said Audrey, '" I don't wish to have anything to do with y»n — leave me, go about your business 1" . "I will after I've told you a bit of my mind. You'ro a confounded sneak — you're a liar — you're no gentleman. Shall I tell you why you . interfered between mo and my girl to-night?— because you want I or for yourself 1" This sudden accusation bo nstoundod Audrey that he did not etcn reply. : He came to the conclusion that Frere was really mad. " You forget yourself," he said, after a long pause. " I exci se you, of course. I don't evon know what you aic la'king about." "Yes, you do, yon black hearted scoundrel. Yon interfered bctweon Hetty Armitege and mo because you want Ler yourself— she told me ns much to night !" " She told you ! — it's you who lie." " She told me— so much for your pretended v virtue. Got out of tlio way, or I'll strike you to the earth, you dog !" Frere's wild p6s;ion .prevented Audrey's rising. The accusation made against bim wss so preposterous that it did not even rouse Ills angor. "I'm Borry for you," lie said after a pause ; "you labor under a oomploto misapprehension. I wish to protect Hetty Armitago as .1 would any other honest girl. Kespout.of my path now, sir ; I want to continue my walk." " By heaven, that you never shall." . Frere uttered a wild, maniacal soream. The next instant he had closed with Audrey, and raising a heavy cane wh'cli be carried aimed it full at the yonng Squiic'n head. " I oould kill you, you brute, you scoundrel, you low, base seducer," ho shouted. For a moment Awdrey was tnken off his guard. But the next instant the fierce biood of his race awoke wit hin him. Frcro was no moan antagonist — he was stouter, heavier, . older man than Awdrey. Ho had also the strength which madness confo.s. After a. momentary struggle he flung Awdrey to tho ground. Tho two young men rolled over togethor. Thon with a quick and sudden movement Awdrey sprang to his feet. He bad. no weapon to defend .himself with but a slight stick vrhioli he carried, Frere let him go for a moment lo spring upon him again like a tiger. A sudden memory camo to Awdrey's aid— a memory wliioh was to bo the undoiog of his entire . life. He had been told in his boyhood by an old prize fighter who taught him'boxing that tl.omoat effective way to use n stick in defending 'himself, from an enemy was to use it as a bayonet. "Prod your foo in tho mouth," old Jim had eaid ; "he he dog or man prod him in tho mouth. Grasp your stick in both hands, and wltoa ho comes to you, prod him in the mouth or neck." The words flashed distinctly now through Awdrey's brain. -When Frere raise 1 his heavy stick to strike him he grasped his own s'ender weapon and rushed forward.' He aimed full nt Frere's opon' month. The stiok went a few inches higher nud entered the unfortunate man's right eye. He fell with a suddon groan to the ground. In a moment Awdrey's passion was over. He boat orer the prostrnio man andexatnicol tbo wonnd wliioh ho had made. Frere lay perfectly \ quiet; thero was an awful silence about him. The dark shadows of the night broodvd hoavlly over the plnco.' Awdrey did not for several .moments realise tout something very liko a murder had been committed. " He bent over tho prostrate man— bo. took his limp hand in his, felt for a pulso— there was none. With trem bling fingers he loro open the coat and pressed his hand to tho heart — it war strangely si ill. Ho bent his ear to listen — thero wa< no s rand. Awdrey was scarcely frlghtoued yet. Ho did not even'now in tho least roali o what hnd hap pened. lie folt in. his pookot for n fiaik of . brandy which ho sometime! oarHoL about with him. Alt oath esonped hie lips when lie found he had forgotten it. . Tl on taking up his stiok he felt softly across tiro point. Tlio point of tbo stiok was wet— wot .with.blood. He felt care fully along its edge. The blood cxtendod up a couple of inobos. lie know then. what had hap pened. Tbo stick had undoubtedly" ontorod Frere'a brain through the bye, causing instant death. When this knowledge, oame lo Awdrey he laughed. Hie laugh sounded queer, but. he did not notios its strangeness. He felt again in liia pocket— discovercd a box of matehes, which lie pulled out eagerly. Ho struok a match, and by the woird, unoertnin light whiah -it cast looked lor an instant at the dead faoe of tho man whose lifo ho bad takon. VI don't evon know hie name," thought Aw drey. u " What in the world have I killed him for? Yes, undoubfodly I've killed him. Hois dead, pobr fellow, asia door nail. .What did I do it for?" ! Ho atruok another matob, and looked at the end of his stiok. Tho stick had a narrow 'stoel forule at the point.- Blood bospatteisd the enU of tlio stick. t "I must bury.thie witnoss," said Awdroy lo r himself. .. - He blew out the matob, and bogan to. move gropingly ncro/s tbe plain.. His step was uncer tain. Ho stooped as he walked. Presently ho oame to a great copse of undbrwood. Into the very thick of the underwood ho thrust his stick. Having done this, ho rtsolvod to go home. Queer noises were ringing In bis head. Ho felt ' as if devils weto pursuing liljil.' He was certain, that if ho raisod his oycs'and! looked in front'of him he muBt see the ghost of the dead man. It was early in the night, not yot 12 o'olook. As he onlercd the grounds of the court; the stablo clook struck 12. ...: " I suppose I aball got into s beastly mess about this," ..thought Awdrey. "I never meant to kijl that poor fello.w. I ran at him in eelf-defenae. Ho'd have hnd my blood if I hadn't his. Shall I see my father about it new ? My fathor is a magistrate ; ho'U know what's best to bo done." Awdrey walked up to the house. Hie gait was uncertain and shambling, so littls olio- acter- istlo of him that if anyono had met bim in the dark bo would not have bsen recognised. He opened' ouc of tlic side doors of the .great mansion with q latch key. The Awdrcys were early people — an orderly household who wont to roost in goad time — tho lamps wore out in tbo bouso— only hers and thoro war n dim illumination suited to the hotns of darkness. Awdrey did not meet a soul as ho went up some 8tnirs, and down ono or two corridors to bis own oheorfal bodrcom. He paused as he turned tlio handle of Irs door. \- "My fa'.bor is in bod. There's no use. in troubling bim. about this horrid matter before the morning," be said tobimsolf. . Then he o, encd tlio floor of his room and went in. To his surprise he bsw on tho threshold, just inside tho door, a littlo note. He pioked it up and opened it. - It was ftom his sister Ann. It rnn as follows : — "Dsarest Bob,— I havo seen the Cuthberls, and they onit join us on the plain to-morrow for a picnic. As yott havo gone enrly to bed, I thougiit I'd lot you know in caso you ohocso to got up at cook-crow, and perhaps leave us for the day. Don't forgot that we start at 2 o'clock, and that Margaret will be. there. Your loving sister, Akk." Awdrey found himself -reading the note with interest. The excited beating of his heart cooled down. He sank into a chair, took off his cap and wiped tile perspiration from his brow. "I wouldn't miss Margaret for the world." he sa'd to himself. A look of pleasure filled his dark grey eyes. A roomont or'two later he was in bed, anil sound asleep.' Ha awoke at his usual hour iu tha morning. He rose and. dressed calmly. Ho had forgotten atl about tho murder — tile doom of bis houso had fallen upon bim. 'Chapter IV. "I .wish you would toll me. about bim, Mr. Awdrey," said Margaret Douglas. She was a handsome girl, tall and slightly made— lior oyos.wcro black ns night, bar hair had a raven Iras, her complexion was a puro olive. Sho wsis standing a little apart from h laughing, chatteiing gioup of boys and girls, young men and young ladies with a rcipectal;Io sprinkling of fathers and mothers, unolcs ' and -aunts. Awdrey stood a foot or two awny from her— his face was pale, ko looked subdued and Eentle. " What can I toll yon ? " lie asked. " You slid yott met him Inst night, "poor fol low. The whole thing seems so horrible, and to think of it happcuing on thiB very plain, just where wo are baring our pianic. If I had known it, I would not have como." " The murdor look place several miles ftom here," said Awdrey. " Quite close to the court, in faot. I've been over the ground this morning with my father and one of the kcobors. Tlio body wrb removed before wo came." " Didn't it shock you very much ? " " Yes ; I am sorry for that- unfortunate Everott." " Who is ho ; I have not heard of him ? " " Hqj3 the man whom, they think must have done if7 There is certainly very grave circum stantial evidence againBt bim. He and Fi ore were heard quarrelling la3t night, and Armilnge can prove that Everett did not return- homo until about 2 In tho - morning. When ho went out ho said he was going to follow Frere, who had gone away in a very excited state of mind." " What about, I wonder !" "Tho usual thing," said Awdrey, giving Mar garet a quick look, 'under which she lowered her eyes nnd fhlntly blushed. " Tell ino,".' sho said, almost ' in a whispbr. " I am interested— it is suoh a tragedy." "It is ; it is. awful. Sit. down here, won't you? or shall we walk on n littlo way ; we aball soon get'inlo shelter if we go down this valley nnd get under those trees yonder." / " Come then," said Margaret. She went first, her companion followed bcr. Ho looked at her many times as ahe walked . on in front of bim. Her figure was full of supple and eaiy graoo, her yonng figure seemed . to speak tho t ery ' rs-ienco of , youth and spring timo ; Shn appeared scarcely to toueh the ground nt she walked orer it ; onoo she turned, and the full light of her dark eyes made Awdrey's hcxrt loap. Promntly she reached the Bhndow caused by a ' copse of young treo',"' and stood still until the Bquiro camo up to her. ; ' ' ' " " Here's a throne for you, Miss Douglas. Do you' see . where this trto extends two friendly arms? Do you observe a coat inlaid with more? Tnko your throne." She did so Immediately, and looked up at him with' a amile. " Tbo throne suits you," lie said. . She looked down— Per lips faintly trembled — .tlion she raised hcroj ei. , " Why are you so pale?" be nskod anxiously. " I can't quite toll you," sho ropliod, "oxcopt that, notwithstanding the beauty of the day nnd the summer fooling wliioh pervades tho air, I ean't get rid of a sort of fear. It maybe superstitious of me, but I think it is unlucky to have a picnic on the vory plain where a murder was committed." " You forgot over what a wide extent tho plaiu extends, " snid Awdrey;. "but if I had known" — he stopped and bit his lips. "Never mind, she answered, endeavoring to Bmile and look, ohccrful, " any sort of tragedy always effects m to, a 'remarkable degree. I ean't ImlpiftA-l'rfr ntraich.tlmro . Is something in ine altip V'froublo, buV ofqdtqe it, would be folly; fdr/us,t<i.stay Indoors, j'pat-becaoso that poor young fqHbw bntno,t.Q,a -violept end some miloslawioy," ' J it j " Ytmi js. quite somo' mile9 from hcte— I am trul gprty fpr hini.".- ? >/ "Sit dowh'..lioro, 'Mr; ; Awdrey, here nt my feet if you Itko, "and- toll mo Sboat it." - "I will sit at your fsct with ail. the pleasure in tbo world, but why should wo talk any more on this gruesome subject ?" "That's just it," said Margaret, "if lam to got rid of it, I must know, all .-about it.' Yon aald you mot bim last night !" "I, did," said Awdrey, speaking with unwil- lingnesr. " And yon guess why ho oame by his end ?" \- " Partly, .but not. wholly." . , "Well, do toll mo." ' I will— I'll put it in as few words as possible. You know that littlo witch Hetty, tho pretty niece of tlie innkeeper Armitago?" " Hetty Armitago— of course I. know hor. I tried to gat lior into my Sunday olaes, but sho wouldn't como," "She's a silly littlo areaturo,"sald Awdrey, " She is a vory beautiful littlo creature," cor- roetod Mi'rs Douglas.- " Yes, I am afraid her. beauty was too muoh for this unfortunato Froro's sanity ; I oame nerois him last night, or rather they passed me by in tho undor wood, enaoting a love scene. Tlio faot it', ho was kisdng .her. I thought he was taking a liberty and interfered. Ho told mo ho intended to marry her— but Hetty donicd it. I raw her baok to the Inn — she was very silent anil depressed. Another man, a handsome fellow, wes staoding in the porch. It just oocurrod to me at tho time that perhaps ne also was a suitor for her hand, and might bo tbc favored one. She went indoors. On my way home I met Froro again. He tried to pick a quarrel with roe, which of. course I nipped in tho hud. He referred to his firm intention of mariying Hetty Armitage, and whon I told -him that sho had denied the engagement, no said ho would go bnok at onoo and speak to her. I then returned to tho Court, "The first thing I hesrd tbie morning was the news of.tlie murder. My fathor, at magis trate, wasof course made acquainted with the foot at a very early hour. Poor Everott has beon arrested on suspicion, and tboro's to be a coronor's inquest to-morrow. That is the entire story as far as I know anything about it. J out face is whiter than orer, Mis? Dougloa Irew, koop your word— forget it, sinco you liaro heard all the facts of tho care." . . She looked down again. PrO'cntiy sho raisod hor eyes; brimful of tears, to his face. - , " I cannot forgot it," she said. " That poor young fellow— such a fearfully sudden end, and that other poor follow; surely if ho did take away a lifo it must havo been in a raomont of terrible madness ? " " That is true;" said Awdrey. ' ' . " Thoy cannot possibly convict him of murder, can they?" ' "My father thinks that tho .yordict will' bo .manslaughter, or, at the worst, murder under etrong ' provocation ; but it is impossible to tell." ' " Awdroy looked again anxiously at his com panion. Her pallor and distress aroused emotion in his breast whiah be found almost impossible to quiet. "I'm sorry to my heart that you know about this," he said. "You arc not fit toatnnd any of the roughness of life." " What folly," she answered, with passion. " What am I that I should accept the smooth and rejeot the rough ? I tell you what I would liko to do. IM.like lo go this very moment to seo that poor Sir. Everett, in order to tell him how droply sorry I am for him. To ask him to tell me the story fiom first to last, ftont ills point of view. Toolrar him from this awful stain. Arid I'd like to lay flowers ovor tho breast of that dead bey. Ob, I can't boar it. Why ia the world so full of trouble and pain ?". She burst info suddon tears. "Don't, don't ! Ob ! Margaret, you're an angol. .You're too good for this earth," said Awdroy. "Nonsense," she answered ; " let me have my ery out "; I'll to all right In a minute." Hor brief tears were quickly over. Sho dashed tliem aside and rose to her feet. "I hear the oliildren shouting to me," she 'said. " I'm in no humor to meet them. Where shall wc go?" " This . way," said Awdrey, quiokly ; " no one knows the way through this copse lint me." . Ho gqy'e her his band, pushed as'do the trees, and they soon found themselves in a dim little world of soft green twilight. There was a narrow path on. which they could not walk abreast. Awdrey now took the load, Margaret following him. . After walking for half a mile the wood grow thinner, and they found them selves fnr away from their companions, and on a part of tho plain wliioh was quite new ground to Mnrgnret. " Huw lovely and enchanting it is here," sho said, giving a low laugh of pleasure. . "Ism glad you like it," aaid Awdrey. "I discovered that path to these heights only a week ago. I never told a soul abuut it. For all you can tell your feet may now bo treating on virgin ground," j As Awdrey spoke he panted slightly, and put bis hand to his brow. " Is anything tho mattor with you ?" nskod Margaret. " Nothing ; I was never better in my life." j " You don't look well ; you'ro changed." " Don't say that," he answered, a faint ring of anxiety in his voioe. . . . Sho gazed at him earnestly. "Yon are," eho related. "I don't quite reoogniec the expression in your eyes." " Ob, I'm all right," be repliod, only — " " Only what? Do tell mo." "I don't want to revert to that terrible tragedy again," he said, after a pause. "There fs Bomctliing, however, in counsotion with it whieli surprises mysolf." What is that?" . " I don't seom to feol tho horror of it. I fool everything else ; your sorrow, for instance— tho beauty of the day — tlio glailnera and fulness of life; 'but I don't feel any special pang about that poor deVd fellow.. - It s qucor, is it not ?" . . " No," said Margaret tenderly. " I know — I quito understand your sensation. Yon don't feel It, simply 'b'ocauao you feci it too muoh— you are slightly stunned." " Yos, you'ro right— we'll not talk about it any more. Let us stay hero for a little while." "Tell me ovor again the preparations for your coming of age." Margaret seated herself on the grass as sho spoke. Her white dress— hor slim young figure —a sort of spiritual light in Iter durk eyes, gave her at that moment an unearthly radiance in the eyes of trie man who laved her. All of a sudden, with an impuisa ha could not with stand, ho resolved to put his fortunes to tho ton'. "Forgive me," he said, emotion trembling in his voice— " I can only speak of one thing nt thia moment." He dropped lightly on one knee, beelde hor. She did not ask him what it was. Sho looked down. "You know perfootly well what I am going to say," he continued: "you know whit I want most when I como of ago— I want my wlfo— I want you. Margaret, you must have gucssod my scoret loag ago ?" She did not answer him for nearly a minute —then eho softly and timidly stretched out one of hor hande— he grasped it in his. "You havo guessed— you do know— you're not astonished nor ahookod at my words?" "Your secret wne mine, too," alio answered in a whispor. " You will marry me, Margarot-you'll make me tho happiest of men?" 41 1 will bo your wife if you wish it. Robert." alio replied. 1 She stood up ns she Spoke. She was tall, but he was a little tnll.r-ho put his arms around hor, drew hor oioso to him and kissod her par- sionaie'y; - Half an hour afletwards they left, tho woods Hide by Bide. ' 'IDori't tell anyboay to-day," said Margaret. Why not ? I don t feel ae If I could keep it to myself even for an hour tanner." "Still, humor me, Bobert, remember I am superstitious." " What about?" "I am ashamed to confess it— I would ralhor that our engagement was not known until' tbo day of the murder has gono by." to bk contl.vuru. 