? ? , in the far o 0 Vbad then Bor h»d not OV^ thrown thrown OB ®y the J come t° , ^ was to be ^ dfcon«nB tilUhis ' ^ ^ ttcoold^and it K ^rti^eMbied tne Prf^- .Stt^ of the exodus if in & ^ min. Tte rai""? isii^We l can dropping ® * f Vto^rtliueir •wrttato and f it o n l y t n e to last me a good sx »*£ rSunk 1 glared fiercely fr^Jnlsawhow unconcerned ^ Aeard the wretched Clothed by the ^•looking young man JlHrioa we cups of tea ^Jalong. He now 'ffii go am and m an ^j-tilon theoEopby, I iM^ince was forgotten. 7 the train in the early dbrakfut. and then learnt u.Jbywhichl wasto amve KSOBWM to start immediately. ^ iTake my Beat and was „ on the box. Here was „ opportunity to see the .,ild! from a coign of vantage. , f i(iibole day to do it in, too, for VIMM could not be reached 1 Twre «B one other passenger, Li ibbhily-attired individual TWt inside and I saw little of ejqr the firstpart of that drive. •1' m » most kindly and • weather-beaten young man. by heart and recited Lispoem as we bowled merrily ]m not so hypercritical as to accent or a ti It was only too charming ! spirited measures of my j oof with such hearty Certainly by mid-day, I ktn to being a little tired of the [is the tnn, and the flies, and to be jolted, and the painfully Eitony of the scene, but there Miling much to complain of. iisddeot did touch me so, I ti? recounting it. Just as we life hottest and most uncomfortffiie coach drew up. It was not i might throw a newspaper ie tin nailed to a tree by the e,itit each primitive post offices JI hid admiringly noted the which he threw into mail he had for their stopping a moment. I ihimtolet me try once, but my of coarse, landed on the re't mold fellow, a splitter, lives are all by himself who always over to the coach going or itly an old nwn appeared carrying nomin' Mia, good mornin 1 aid "W a drink of tea, Miss ?" infinitely charmed with his F ib he handed me a draught of [knthout milk or sugar. Though the moBt nauseating 11 W ever tasted I drank as 8 1 1 conld. After mine came Tomy astonishment he had j™ replenished three times, and with much relish. That i f «agJ was evidently a bush „ s—never known ™ Bill when we were must have My, Miss. I wish you'd JT .Bat I did not echo t E « a the afternoon Bill gave ft down to examine ™es who seemed obstinately continue the j™rney. I ^ poor thing stumble and also ot „„ " P re "y bard. iv&.ZV*' he said, "I'm A l W of miles on to 1 doubt 11 i W - LT J before this and t •tS f f r - We'll have J ettl 5 another horse there ®iles from there to 5!f e ll0We8t o{ Paces and we pulled up at what " dirtiest and most All it had '°garty 8» iD , etter6 Qf degrees of clearness. 1°' down The , other ZZ% honta * 0 - Bi » aboufc the In 7 e a ^8tr,ct ' t »d the JS? taken him Noone 1 2 5 ^ minutes. m y bumble expedition. co m P an y with a >rtJ 01an ? woman. My first w e b a iD f 8 P irit ^ "y ! to ij" U . ver its mantel grS B f VPWture that had lainj. T. I⪼ 'nation over my ~ fe^ceneinth^ Purported to factors in that awful *rS eDt fi ,? ure was a malignity and "" J to intensity. ^bat feet ". Here before e 1 resemM. , S' was .«C^nCe t thafcI gazed IrouselT* 1 or a number •WatF rou 8h ''Well, IefB some ' ^ ^ apology lhe conversation • V ,nc e *f the train >H then"®, ac L^th in Was imSbllx. that [ theggjV. ? m the life 1 j® ^mmtakable 7 "locator mth. any possible French accent, and earned j to learn what Bill hadarranged. I The twang was again in the air—" N". ain't got no horses and no poles, and I've told"you twice, ain't that enough ? Bill looked discomfited and my heart sank into my boots. "The tn&ils; are due tin-, night you see, MSBS ; I must get ou somehow. Mrs Fogarty says she can give yon a (bed and some tea, and some one will come for you first thiug in the morning. I hoped 1 did not look as blank as t felt, but I by no means liked the prospect of staying alone with that repellattt woman in that dirty house. If only Bill had been somewhere on the premises it would not have seemed BO bad. " Oh, please tiy to get back to- night or send some one," 1 implored. Bill promised to do his best, and as we were left, alone he gave me a few words of comfort before saying good-bye. "Here's a cardie, Miss," he said, "put it in your pocket; I know Mrs Fogarty isn't too liberal with the lights." I could have cried as I saw Bill go off Baddleless on his sound horse, but concluded that that was no good. I could scarcely swallow a mouthful of the uninviting meal that I was soon after* wards called in to partake of. There were about a dozen men at the table who all stared hard, but some of them were kindly enough disposed and kept passing me butter that had the imprint of a jammy knife in it, or jam that was a refuge for destitute flies. There was- my b6te noir Again—tea without milk, but I .could have any amount, of coarse brown \ ^ ^ ^^^Tte^r^ope^Sd^tttlb^ the diningroom and I could eee it was crowded with drinking men. Bill had told me that two or three of the sheds around had just cut out, and I thus was abruptly introduced to the scene of throwing down cheques such as I had often heard of, but had never expected to have an opportunity of so ciosely inspecting. As soon as possible I got the woman to show me to a room. " Will yer be havin breakfast ? " she asked in her usual fierce style. I—I don't know—1 suppose so," 1 returned, inwardly praying that Providence would send Bill along to-night. " Well, that'll be ten shillings, and yer cap pay me trow." 1 do not know where the woman imagined I might possibly ruu to to evade payment, but I took out u.y pursa and gave her a half-sovereign from my sciiity store. There was a little more gold in it, as I was my own banker and carried about all the wealth I possessed. The woman's face lit up with a new expression—that of avarice—at Bight of the coin, and I would have given my little all tn hav.e been following aryone but her I thought, as she conducted me to a wretched room. When she was leaving I called her back and asked for the key, as I saw there was none in the door. There ain't no key," she said. Have you no toom that I cau lock ? " I asked piteously. " No, I haven't,"she said, and went out, banging the door. I looked round the room and found first of all that poor kind Bill had been thoughtful to some purpose in the matter of the candle. Not more than an inch was there in the dirty candlestick, but I can leave out that word dirty for the future ; everything was that, differing in degree only. The bed was a rickety concern ; the bedding a pair of blue blankets, a pair of sheets—I was going to add " dirty " again —and a ragged red and white counterpane. I'll not get into that bed," was my emphatic utterance on looking at the blankets and finding them already inhabited. There was a washstand nailed to the wall, a table with a broken Jooking-glass and—article de luxe !—a brush and comb. A seatless chair was beside the bed and a box tied securely with rope stood against the wall. The window looked out into the road and had a yellow blind on it, no curtains of course. The bar was next door, as I judged by the sounds ; but surely that frightful din was not going to be kept up all night! The only thing of weight I could see to put against the door was the rope-bound box. 1 tried to drag it over, but in vain —not an inch could I move it. To this day I often wonder what was in that box, for it was a small one, not more than two feet square. I tried to feel resigned at the prospect of a night full of uneasiness and disagreeables, but I could not chase away the presentiment that one or my nervous tremors was coming on- Already my brain was conjuring ap thoughts of ghosts and such. The noise from the bar was fearful. Snatches of comic songs were bawled in the loudest tones with little regard for the original air. A great favorite was " Old Mother Shipton," and 1 remembar how its blatant chorus jarred on my overwrought nerves. But the singing was the least of the horrors. I had never heard or imagined such language as was indulged in by some of the most obstreperous. I put my fingers in my ears to try to shut out the blasphemy and ribaldry. I had determined, as I said, not to go to bed nor to sleep. I lit Bill's candle and hunted in my portmanteau for a magazine to beguile the weary vigil. About twenty minutes passed. Then came a tap at the window. My heart thumped wildly ; I could say nothing. " Put out that light," demanded a voica that I recognised as the landlady's. " We don't allow lights kept burnin' here and the place burnt down. Just put out that light 1" Presently," I returned, but t had no intention of sitting there in darkness. However, I filled the basin from the washstand with water, stood it on the table, and placed the candle-stick in it. Thus there was no danger of fire, though to have burnt the filthy den would have been about the beBt job in the world, I soliloquised. I tried to compose myself again tb read. Half-an-hour, perhaps, passed, and the tapping came again. " That light ain't out yet," said the voice. " Put it out at once ! " I explained that I had the candle standing in water. " That's no odds. Put it out! " " We'll stand here till yer do," added a rongh masculine voice. Very well," I said tremulously, " but I'm not yet in bed." We'll give yer ten minutes to get there then," said the woman ; "and then if it ain't out we'll come and do it for yer." 1 sat and trembled. Would they actually come into the room and take my precious candle ? I waited ten minutes, as it seemed, and was just wondering if 1 could bring myself to blow it out when the order came again, this time more savagely: "Now, just hurry and put out that light.' r , m ^htened to be without a light," I pleaded. V T hat light's got to go out or I'll come and take it from yer," iterated the reincarnate Jacobine. I seized the match-box ; found on opening it there were just two matches in it. I saw there was nothing else for me, so blew out the candle, meaning to re-light later when the inmates of the inn might be wrapped in slumber. "But it seemed certain Peace would never reign there that night; the noise from the bar seemed to increase. There was frequent fighting and wrangling, and the sound of glmw smashing and stools foiling wtm inoesnmt I sat in darkness and misery for what seemed -— : — 1 — an Interminable ' " time. ^ Pi * " it- Was three-quarters of-an hour. Then 1 felt the creeping and biting of insects. I could not Btand that., Oat «ame a match: ?ind once more my dingy den was. Jnade visible, I began to believe I was to be left undisturbed tins time, and sat fairly tranquil for abont "fifteen annates. 1 was reading "The Light that Failed," in Lipincott's Magazine, and finding the tble more or less appropriate to my tfwn. plight: • Bap'1'rap! on the window again. It, was so" loud and quick 1 started up as if it had been an earthquake. " Will yer pat outth&t; light f Now this IB yer laet chance. - " ' " We'd better go and get it now. It ain't no use trustin' her, 1 ' declared the man ingutteral tones, " Yes; you go and get it," nrged (he woman, I blew the offending flame oat in doable quick time and waited in mortal trepidation on the rim that was left to the'ehair, wondering what would happen next. All sorts of terrible possibilities flashed through my mind. It .must be that the man wanted to rob me and did not want to-ghre me a chance'to recognise him. Bat nobody came. For that; at least, I was thankful. The creeping things alone shored my dark solitude. How many hoars were there in that night—it surely was the' longest since the world began. T could not even think or repeat a line; of the many dosen f. jDalrymple said go^-bye to me on'^ railway station .at dear Sydney 1 Surely years ago. When I saw the first streak of dawn, what a beautiful, beautiful sight! The sounds of revelry next door had died away too. I fell half over the bed in sheer exhaustion, and remembered no more until, in broad daylight, my landlady was at the door ungraciously informing me that a buggy was outside waiting for me. I needed no second telling. I flew to refresh myseif with a little wash and then hastened out to be greeted by a kindly middle-aged man. I must have had four or five hours sleep, yet I was still so tired and haggard that the delicious clean bed that awaited me at Cooratabel was the most welcome object my eyes had ever beheld. I took a quick peep at myself in the mirror and was honestly surprised to find my hair had not turned grey. People have often expressed themselves as enviouB of my opportunities for " seeing so much of the country." If they think there is any fun to be had travelling the wilds alone, they are welcome to try it. For my part I have no desire for any more Buch journeying, and Dick Dalrymple says I have had the very last of it. 