MR. A. L. WRIGHT'S BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT. An Operatic Concept. The complimentary concert tendered by the members of the Hay Amateur Operatic Company to Mr. A. L. Wright took place in the Aca'lemy of Music on Wednesday night, and proved highly successful. The house was packed in every part, it being generally rfu-nenisG.-l tluifc the obieot of the entertain* ment was one that merited the very strong est support. Mr. Wright's services have been ungrudgingly given on all occasions upon which a demand for a public or a charitable purpose has been made upon them, and he has rendered yeoman assist ance in that way. The entertainment took the form of operatic selections, in charactcr, a form of concert which, at least, has the merit of novelty. The operas chosen were Lcs Cloches de Corncvillc, Patience, and the Mikado, three operas which have already been given in their entirety by the com pany. The first act consisted of selections from Les Cloches de Cornnvtlle, and was opened by tho overture from that opera, which was played by the orchestra, consist ing of — Miss Rcid (piano), Miss Andrew, Master Andrew, Mr. Wright, and Mr. Wright, jun. (violins), Mr. Bowyer- Smijth (flutd), and Mr. Long (double ba?s). ' The Legend of the Bells,' by Miss Macarthur and chorus, w is well sung and warmly ap plaudu 1. ' The ghost' scene, in which Mm. Wood and Mo^srs. Burke and Thomis sang j 'Not 11 Ghost at all,' was cncored, and I repeated iu part. Miss Macarthur was ' heard to great advantage in ' Love, tho Minstrel,' aud was awarded with three bouquets and an undeniable encore, in ack* nowlcdgment of which she repeated a verse. 'The hiring fair' scene was the best of the opera, and perhaps the best of the evening, the number being moro complete in itself than the others. Mrs. Wood sustained the leading part, and sang and acted with an abandon that called forth tlu warmest applause, aud the number bad to.be re sang 'The Sleeping Camp' with martial ompbaais. MissDonohos, who was accom panied by Mr. Wright on tho violin, was encored for her singing of ' Afton Water,' and in response sang 'Dolly's Revengo.' Mr. W. C. Brierly, an old favorite, saug ' How Thoy Apologise' in first-class style, and had to respond to the warmest of en cores. Tho second part of the concert con* siated of selections from Patience, and oponcd with the song and chorus u The Silver Churn,' in which Mr. Gegg took tho solo part. Miss Hales sang ' Lovo is a Plaintive Song' very correctly. Thcduot, 'Sing hey to You,' was sustained in good style by Miss Meakes and Mr. Burke, who were very warmly encored, probably as much for thoir acting as for thoir vocalism. The number was repeated. A short but effective scene, ?* Ho was a little boy,' by Airs. Wood and Miss M. Proctor followed. The 41 Willow Waly' duet was sung splendidly by Mrs. Wood and Mr. Gegg, who hod to submit to an undeniable re-demand. Messrs. Fyiv more, Burko, and Thomas sang the trio, 'You hold yourself like this,' and, with Misses M. Proctor ami Hales, sang the quin tette, 11 T shall have to be contcntod.' Aftor an interval the orchestra opened tho third ? I fU from the Mikiulo, which they played splendidly. The numbers in this part wore all from the Japanese opera. Tho first was ' Our Great Mikado,' which was rendered in good style by Mr. Brierly and chorus. The scene ' Comes a train of little ladies' was well sung by the female chorus, and preceded the trio, 'Three Little Maids from School,' which was sung 'by Mrs. Wood and Missos Macarthur and Proctor. This number went - splendidly, and. tho audienco insisted upon hearing it again. The chorus, ' So please you, sir, wo much regret,' was well sung, as was also ' Braid the raven hair.' The scene, 'There is beauty in tho hollow of the blast,' which was a duct by Miss Meakes and Mr. Brierly, was splendidly carried out, both acting and singing being cxcollcut. The number was repeated in response to a hearty encoro. Tho finale was tho last scene of the first act. Of the performance all round, wo may say that the items lost some of their charm by being rendered apart from the opera, but if that fact can bo forgotten there was no drawback to tho performance. Tho dresses were all bright and in keeping with the characters, and the chorus was well mar shalled by the stage manager, Mrs. Proctor. Mrs. Wood, Miss Meakes, and Miss Mac arthur showed that they had lost nono of their power to charm tho audience, and the improvement in Mr. Briorly's singing and acting was very marked. Mr. Smith, band master, made an efficient conductor. During an intetval Mr. Hoarc announced that the performance would bo reported to night, when another bumper Ijquso is ex pocted. 