■ THE NOVELIST. THE SHADOW IN THE MOONLIGHT. By MBS. MOLESWORTU [Author of "Hatheroourfc Reotory," 'Tour Winds Farm," &e.;, &c.;] PART I. We never thought of Finster St. Ma%»'s being haunted. We really never did. This may seem strange, but it is absolutely true. It was auchan extremely interesting and curious place in many ways, that it re quired nothing extraneous to add to its attrac tions. Perhaps this was the reason. Nowadays, immediately that you hear of a house being "very old," the next remark is sure to be " I hope it is"—or " is not—that de pends on the taste of thespeaker—"haunted." But Finster was more than very old; it was "ancient" and, in a modest way, historical. I will not take up time by relating its history, however, or by referring my readers to the chronicles,^n which mention of it may be found. Nor shall I yield to the temptation of describing the room 19 which a certain royalty spent one night, if not two or three nights, four centuries ago, or tho tower, now in ruins, where an even more renowned personage waaj imprisoned for several months. All these facts —or legends—have nothing to do with what I have to tell. Nor, strictly speaking, has Finster itself, except as a sort of prologue to my narrative. _ We heard of the house through friends living in the same county, though several miles, further inland. They—Mr. and Miss Miles; it is convenient to give tbeir name at once—knew that we had been ordered to leave our own home for some months to get over the effects of a verv trying visitation of influenza, and that sea-air was specially desirable. We grumbled at this. Seaside places are often so dull and commonplace. But when we heard Finster we grumbled no longer. ." Dull" in a sense it might be, but assuredly. not " commonplace." Janet Miles's descrip tion of it, though she was not particularly clever at description, read like a fairy tale, or one of Longfellow's poems. " A castle by the sea—how perfect!" we all exclaimed. "Do„oh, do, fix for it, mother!" The objections were quickly overruled. It was rather isolated, said Miss Miles, standing, as was not difficult to traoe in its name, on a point of land—a corner rather—with sea on two sides. It had not been lived in, save spasmodically, for some years, for tho late owner was one of those happy, or unhappy people, who have more houses than they can use, and the present one was a minor. Kventu ally it was to be overhauled and some additions and alterations made, but the trustees would be glad to let it at a moderate rent for some months, and had intended putting it into some agents' hands when Mr. Miles happened to meet one of them, who mentioned it to him. There was nothing against it; it was abso lutely healthy. But the furniture was old and shabby, and there was none too much of it. If we wanted to have visitors we should cer tainly require to add to it. This, however, could easily be done, our informant went on to say. There was a very good upholsterer and furniture dealer at Raxtrew, the nearest town, who was in the habit of hiring out things to the officers at the fort—" Indeed," she added, "we often pick up charming old pieces of fur niture from him for next to nothing, so you could both hire and buy." Of course we should have visitors—and our own house would not be the worse for some additional chairs and tables here and there in place cf some excellent monstrosities Phil a,nd Nugent and I had persuaded mother to get rid of. "If I go down to spy the land with father," I said, " I shall certainly go to the furniture dealers and have a good look about me." I did go with father. I was nineteen—it. is four years ago—.and ft capable sort of girl. Then I was the only one who had not been ill, and mother had been the worst of all, mother and Dormy—poor little chap—for he nearly died. He is the youngest of us—wo a.re four boys and two girls. Sophy was then fifteen. My own name is LeiR. If I attempted to give any idea of the im pression of Finster St. Mabyn's made upon us, J should go on for hours. It, simply took our breath away. It really felt like going back a few centuries merely to enter within the walls and gaze round you. And yet we did not see it to any advantage, so at least, said the two Miles, who were our guides. It was a gloomy day, with the feeling of rain not far off, early in April. It might have been November, though it was not cold. "You can scarcely imagine what it is on a bright day," said Janet, eager, as people always are in such circumstances, to show off. her "trouvaille." "The lights and shadows are so exquisite." " I love it as it is," I said. " I don't think I shall ever regret having seen it first on a grey day. It is just perfect.' She was pleased at my admiration, and did her utmost to facilitate matters. Father was taken with the place, too, I could see, hut he hummed and hawed a good deal about the bareness of the rooms—the bedrooms espe cially. So Janet and I went into it at onoe in a business-like way, making lists of the actually necessary additions, which did not prove very formidable, after all. "Hunter will manage all tha.t easily," said Miss Miles, upon which1 father gave in; I be lieve he had meant to do so all the time. _ The rent was really so low that a little furniture hire could be afforded, I suggested, and father " It is extremely low," he said, "for a place possessing so many advantages." But even then it did not appear to any of us to suggest "suspiciously low." We had the Miles' guarantee for it all to begin with. Had there > een any objection they must have known it. We spent the night with them and the next morning at the furniture-dealer's. He was a quick, obliging little man, and took in the situation at a glance; and his terms were so moderate tha.t father said to me amiably "There are some quaint odds and ends here, Leila. You might choose a few things to use at Finster in the first place, and then to take home with us." J was only too ready to proht ny the per mission. and with Janet's help a few charm ingly quaint chairs and tables, a three-cor nered wall cabinet, and some other trifles were soon put aside for ns. We wore just leaving when at one end of the shop some tempting-looking draperies caught my eye. " What are these?" I asked the upholsterer. "Curtains. Why, this is real old tapestry !'' The obliging- Hunter drew out the material in question. "They are not exactly curtains, miss, he said, " I thought they would make nice por tieres. You see the tapestry is set into cloth. It was so frail when T got it that it was the only thing to do with it." He had managed it very ingeniously. Two panels, so to say, of old tapestry, vei-y charm ing ia tone, bad becm lin&l; and framed with j dull green (doth, making a very , g^pd. pair of porti6rea<uideea< ; . .-h o ^"Ofaj papa, " tcried, *'do letugthav?: these. There are sure to be draughty doorsafc , Fin Bter, and afterwards they would •♦ake perfect porti&resfor; the two side doors in the, nail at home.'/. . . . ■* {■., ' ... .-/Father eyed .the tapestry appreciativel bqt first prudently enquired thfe prioe. .seemed higher in proportion than •Hunter's other charges. ; : • *' yon see, sir," he said, hair apologetically, " the panels are real .antique work, though so muclithe worse for wear." . " Where did they come from?" , asked father- ■ .s ; . Hunter hesitated.x "To tell you the truth, sir," he replied, " I was asked not to name the party that I bought it from. It seems a pity to part with heir looms, but—it happens sorfifetimes—I bought several things together quite lately of a family. The portieres have only come out of the work room this morning. We hurried on with them to stop them fraying more—you see where they were before they must have boen nailed to the wall." Janet Miles, who was something of a con noisseur, had been examining the tapestry. " It is well worth what he asks," she said;, in a.low voice. " You don't often come across such-tapestry in England." So the bargain was struck, and Hunter promised to see all that we had chosen, both purchased and hired, delivered at Fluster the week before we proposed to oome, Nothing interfered with our plans. By the end of the month we found ourselves at our temporary home—all of us except Nat, our third brother, who was at school. Dormer, the small boy, still did lessons with Sophy's governess. The two older "boys," as we called them, happened to be at home from different reasons — one, Nugent, on leave from India; Phil, forced to miss a term at College through an attack of the same illness which liad treated mother and Dormy bo badly. But flow that everybody was wen again, andgoingto be very much better, thanks to Fifl&ter; air, we thought the ill wind had brought us some very distinct good. It-would not have been half such fun had we not been a large family party to start with, and before we had been a week at the place we had added to our numbers by the first detachment of the guests we had invited. It was not a very large house; besides our selves, we had not room for more than three or four others. For some of the rooms—those on the top story—were really too dilapidated to suit any one but rats—"rats or ghosts," said some one laughingly one day, when we had been exploring them. Afterwards the words returned to ray memory. We had made ourselves very comfortable, thanks to the invaluable Hunter. And every day the weather grew milder and more spring like. The woods on the inland side were full of primroses. It promised to be a lovely season. There was a gallery along one side of the house, which soon becam<y*a favourite resort; it made a pleasant Jounging-plaee, in the day time especially, though less so in the evening, as the fireplace at one end warmed it but im perfectly, and besides this it was difficult to light up. It was draughty, too, as there was a superfluity of doors, two of which, one at each end, wo at once condemned. They were not needed, and the one led by a very long spiral staircase to the unused attic rooms, the other to tiie kitchen and offices. And when we did have afternoon tea in the gallery, it was easy to bring it through the dining or drawing rooms, long rooms, lighted at their extreme ends, which ran parallel to the gallery length ways, both of which had a door opening on to it as well as from the hall on the other side. For all the principal rooms at Finster were on the first floor, not on the ground floor. The closing of these doors got rid of a great deal of draught, and, as I have said, the weather was really mild and calm. One afternoon—I am trying to begin at the beginning of our strange experiences; even at the risk of long wind^dness it scorns better to do so—we were all assembled in the gallery at tea-time. The "children," as we called Sophy and Dormer, much to Sophy's disgust, ana their governess, were with us, for rules were relaxed at Finster, and Miss Larpent was a great favourite with us all. Suddenly, Sophy gave an exclamation of annoyance. " Mamma," she said, " T wish you would speak to Dormer. He has thrown over my tea-cup—only look at my frock! If you can not sit still," she added, turning to the boy herself, " I don't think you should be allowed to come to tea here." " What is the matter, Dormy?" said mother. Dormer was standing beside Sophy, looking very guilty, and rather white. " Mamma," he said, " I was only drawing a chair out. It got so dreadfully cold where I wa3 sitting, I really could not stay there," and he shivered slightly. He had been sitting with his back to one of the locked-up doors. Phil, who was nearest, moved his hand slowly across the spot. " You are fanciful, Dormy," lie said,- " there is really no draught whatever." This did not satisfy mother. "He must have got a chill then," she said, and she went on to question the child as to what he had being doing all day, for, as I have said, he was still delicate. But he persisted that he was quite well, and no longer cold. It wasrvt exactly a draught, bo said, it was—oh ! just icy, all of a sudden. I've felt it before—sitting in that chair." Mother said no more, and Dormer went on with his tea, and when bed-time came he seemed just as usual, so that her anxiety faded. But she made thorough investigation as to the possibility of any draught coming up from the back: stairs, with which this door communicated. None was to be discovered— j the door fitted fairly well, and beside this, Hunter had tacked felt, round tho edges— furthermore, one of the thick heavy portieres had been hung in front. An evening or two later we were sitting in the drawing-room after dinner, when a cousin who was staying with us suddenly missed her fan. "Run and fetch .Muriel's fan, Dormy," I said, for Muriel felt sure it had slipped under the dinner table. None of the gentlemen had as yet joined us. " Why, where are you going, child us he turned towards the further d> ;or, " It is much quicker by the gallery." He said nothing, but went out, walking rather slowly by the gallery door. And in a few minutes ho returned fau in hand, but by the other door. He wa.s a sensitive child; and, though I wondered what he had got into his head against the gallery, I did not say anything before the others. But when, soon after, Dormy said "good night," and went off to lied. I followed him. "What do you want, Leila?" he said, rather crossly. " Don't be vexed, child,'' I said. " I can see them is something the mar ei\ Why do jou not like tho gallery?" Se hesitated, but I had laid my hand 0:1 his shoulder, and he knew I meant to be kind. 1 , '' Leila," he said, with aglanoe ronndto be sure that no one was within .hearing—we weite standing, he and I, near the inner dining-room door,.which was Open—1* youH laugh attoo, but—there's something queer . there—some times!" . . "What? And how do yon mean, * some times?' " I asked,- with a slight thnll at hiB tone. • , . . "I mean, not always. I've felt it several times—there was the cold the day before yes terday; and. besides that, I've felt a—a sort of breaving—Dormy was not perfect in his " ths"—" like somebody very unhappy." "Sighing?" I suggested. . . ( "Likesighing in a whisper," he replied, "and that's always near the door. But last week—no, not so long ago, it was on Monday— I went round that way when I was going to bed. I didn't want to be silly. But it was moonlight—and—Leila, a shadow went all along the wall on that side, and stopped at the door. I saw it waggling about—its hands," and here he shivered—"on-that funny curtain that's hung up, as if it was feeling for a minute or two, and then " " Well—what then?" " It just went out," he said, simply. "But it's moonlight again to-night, sister, and I daren't see it again. I just daren't." "But you did go to the dining-room that way," I reminded him. "Yes, but I shut my eyes and ran, and even then I felt a9 if something cold was behind me." "Dormy, dear," I said, a good deal con cerned, "I do think it's your fancy. Youstfe" not. quite well yet, yon know." "Yes, I am," he replied sturdily. "I'm not a'bit frightened anywhere else. . I sleep in a room alone, you know. It's not me, sistor, it's somefing in the gallery," " Would you be frightened to go t.hcTe with me now? We can run through the dining room ; there's no one to see us," and I turned in that direction as I spoke. Again ray little brother hesitated. "I'll go with you if you'll hold hands," he said, "but I'll shut ray eyes. And I won't open them till you tell me there's no shadow on the wall. You must tell me truly." " But there must be some shadows," I sard, "in this bright moonlight, trees and branches, or even clouds scudding across—something of that kind is what you must have seen, dear." He shook his head. " No, no, of course I wouldn't mind that. I know the difference. No—you couldn't mis take. It goes along, right along, in a creeping way, and then at the door its hands come further out, and it feels." "Isit like a man or a woman?" I said, lie ginning to feel rather creepy myself. " I think it's most like a rather little man," he replied; "but I'm not sure. Its bead has got something fuzzy about it—oh, I know Eke a sticking out wig. But lower down iti seems wrapped up, like in a cloak. Oh—it's horrid." And again he shivered—it was quite time all this nightmare nonsense was put out of his poor little head. Itook his hand and held it firmly; we went through the dining-room. Nothing could have looked-more comfortable and Jess ghostly. For the lights were still burning on the table, and the flowere in their silver bowls, some wine gleaming in the glasses, the fruit and pretty dishes, made a pleasant glow of colour. It cer tainly seemed a curiously sudden contrast when we found ourselves in the gallery beyond, cold and unillumined, save by the pale moonlight streaming through the unshuttered windows. For the doors closed with a bang as we passed through—the gallery was a draughty place. Dormy's hold tightened. "Sister," he whispered, "I've shut my eyes now. You must stand with your back to tho windows—between thevn, or else you'll think it's our own shadows—and watch. I did as he said, and—I had not long to wait. It came—from the further end, tho second condemned door, whence the winding stair mounted to the attics-—it seemed to begin, or at least take form there. Creeping along, just as Dormy said—stealthily but steadily—right down to the other extremity of'the long room. And then it grew blacker—move concentrated —and out from the vague outline canto two bony hands, and, as the child had said, too, you could see that they were feeling—ail over the upper part of the door. I stood and watched. I wondered after wards at my own courage, if courage it. was. the shadow of a small man, I felt sure. The head seemed large in proportion, and--yes—it —the original of the shadow—was evidently covered by an antique wig. Half mechanically I glanced round—as if in Beared of the material body that must be there. But no, there was nothing, literally nothing, that could throw this extraordinary shadow. Of this I was instantly convinced, and herb I may as well say once for all, that never was it maintained by any one, however, pre viously sceptical, who had fully witnessed tho whole, that it could be accounted for by ordinary, or, as people say, '' natural" causes. There was this peculiarity at least about our ghost. Though I had fast hold of his hand J had almost forgotten Dormy—I seemed in a trance. Suddenly be spoke, though in a whisper. "You see it, sister, J know you do," ho said. " Wait, wait a minute, dear," I managed to reply in the same tone, thongh I could not have explained why I waited. Dormer had said that after a time—after the ghastly and apparently fruitless feeling all over the door—" is'—" went out." I think it was this that J was waiting for. Jt was not qui to as he had said. The door was in the extreme corner of the wall, the hinges almost in the angle, and as the. shadow began to move 011 again it looked as it disap peared—hut no, it was only fainter. My eyes, preternaturally sharpened by my in tense ga«e, still saw it working its way round tho corner, as assuredly no shadow in the real sense of the word ever did nor could do. I realized this, and the sense of horror grew all but intolerable, yet I stood still, clasping the cold little hand in mine tighter and tighter. And an instinct of protection of tho child gave mo strength. -Besides it w:is coming on so quickly—we could not have escaped- it was coming, nay it was behind us. " Leila!" gasped Dormy, " the cold—you fed it now?" Yes, truly—like no icy breath that I bad ever felt before was that momentary, but horrible thrill of utter cold. If it had lasted another second I think it would have killed us both. But, mercifully, it passed, in far less time than it has taken me to tell it, and then we seemed in some strange way to be released. 'Open your eyes, Dormy,'' I said, "you won't see anything. I promise you. I want to rush across to the dining-room." He obeyed me. I felt there was time to escape before that awful presence would again have arrived at tho dining-room door, though it was coming—ah. yes, it was coining, steadily pursuing its ghastly round. And, alas! the dining-room door was closed. But T kept my nerve to some extent. J turned the liandle without over much trembling, and in another toombnttho doofsliut and locked behind hs, 'Mi stood ineafoty, looking Ateachothorin the, 'J*dght th(»^ftU roomwo^tfad left so short a ■ ' iWas it so aliorfc a time? I said to myself. It sefenrnd hdura^ . And through the door open to the hall camo at that raomontfbe sound of cheerful laughing voices from thodrawing-room. Some one Wj^s coming out. _ It seemed impossible, ■inprediblo, that" withinv ^ few _ fqgt of the matter-of- fact pleasaiit material life, this lior ■rible inoxplicaold drama should be going on, a4doubtlessitstill-was. ■■' _ Of the two I was now more upset than my little brother, I was older and " took in" more. He, boy-like, wasiii a sense triumphant at having proved himself correct and no coward, andthougb he was still pale, his eyes shone with .excitement and a queer kiud of satisfaction. ' . But before we had done more than look at each other, a figure appeared at the open door-] "way. It vAis Sophy. ■ "Loila," sho said, " mamma wants to know _ what you are doing with Doriny? He is to go to bed at once. We saw you go out of the room after him, and then a door banged. Mamma says if you are playing with him, it's very bad for him ao late at night." Dormy was very quick. Ho .was still hold ing my hand, and ho pinched it . to stop my lie said; "I am spoaking to Lcftla quietly, and she is coming up to my. room while T undress. * Good niglit, Sophy." ''Toll mamma,Dormy really wants mo," I added, and then Sophy departed. "Wo musn't tell her, Leila," said the boy. "She'd have 'steries." "Whom shall we tell?" I said, for I was beginning to fool very helpless and upset. _ Nobody, to-night," he replied, sensibly. "You mustn't go in there, "and ho shivered a little as ho moved his head towards thogal lory, " you're not fit for it, and they'd bo wanting you to. Wait till the morning, and then I'a—I think I'd tell Philip first. You needn't be frightened to-night, sister. It won't stop you sleeping. It didn't me tho time I saw it before." He was right. I slept dreamlessly. It was &b; if tho intense' nervous strain of those few minutes had utterly exhausted mo. 