THE &HOST; OF THE . . " WiftSTEUN . . BELLE." BY OAHYL Clasui. I freely, confess myself a believer in ghosts, , forlSe recti tkom. What sailor has uot ? Who could sail -the suss for woll . nigh fifty years and not witness some of tho strange occurrences whiuh<moety-nino sailors, out of ovcry hundred set down at aunernatural without more ado. Yon see, there are tho occurrences. Thoy ato of a nature wholly different from a sailor's daily expnricnocs. And they usually tako place undor oonditions which would be likely te striko an educated landsman with nwc, so it Is no wonder that sailors have a Bottled belief in haunted shlpe trad phantom skippers. I've been on night watch out there in the South Pacific when there's boon nothing to do bub look at tbe stars and wish for wind, tho bauds squatting undor the ship's side fast eslccp for want of soruatluRg batter to- do in a dead calm. If you have any partiality for ghosts, theso aro the conditions for conjuring thorn np at plea sure. Often I've hoard a sudden orcop of tho water undor the stern or at tho bow as a swell has lifted tho ship, that yon could havo sworn was tko cry of someone in distress. Or maybo ono of the hands from below, un&blo; ;to sleep, has ceeo softly on deck to have a turn io tho fresh air. He has come - up before yuu es an apparition just nbeo your mind wns on your wife or sweetheart ton thousand miles sway, maybe. There aro inlnnGr nf ehada nf ihffl.ln'uil itf; ma. Rub T'v® geuorolly found this. Thafcif a ship's ghost bo run to berth or wherever you can fix it,.you'il find fltmh and' blood -pretty" vreU'alive at'tho bottom of it. Tbe bcjb.pieoo of ghost business I ever bad to do with was when I wits 44 first " on tho 44 West- ortrBolIo." Things had been bad in the freight trade so thoy oout us 44 tramping " round about Now Zealand, Australia, nad the Cape. The Bello was a haudy little stenmer of 1,800 tous and was then nndor Albert Townshcnd, ono of the best captains 1 ever sailed wish. Ho had been dodging about South Island and ran ioto Chrisbchurch. Hero, Townshoiul got tho offer of about b&lf; a cargo for a quick run to Fort- land, Victoria, and tool© it as there woo nothing olso visible. We gob tho cargo on board nud started. Tbo Bolie bad fair accommodation for passengers, ouc as we nna only uve in ine saloon, a family of four and a single raau who ' was crossing to a Victoria house, wo had lots of room for ghosts both below aud in tho cabins. ! The second night after loaving Cbrifit- 1 church I was on duty through the middle- 1 watch. Tho sua was like a mirror. The stars twinkled upon It a9 brightly an in the sky, I was leaning over tbe rail at tho starboard nido wondering what our next luck would be whon I heard an unusual sound behind me. Turning quickly, I saw one of the watch staggering agaiust tho pert sido opposite where I stood, as it reeling tram a heavy blow. 4 What's up now ? " I shouted, crossing over to where tho man stood supporting himself against the ship's sido. t found it was ono of the men named Jack son, a simple follow thoy called 44 Crank," on account of his oddities, 4 Hallo, Crank ! " I said, 44 What now P M Ho pointed towards the stern, where we had a range of sparo store-rooms on each sido under a covered deck with a spare steoring-wheel in the centre. I couldnt see the man's faoe, bnt I could tell from his movements that he wan terrified. 44 What's up, why don't you Bpeak P " I said again, sharply, 44 The— the— shin's haunted. Ther— there's a ghost — I seen it,' he stammered, pointing again to the stero. 44 What's tbo matter ? Don't be a fool. What have you seen P " I said peremptorily, annoyed at the mau for what I thought bis otupidity. A face— a girl's face — a pale face," he gespttd, moving o. little forward as if for protection. 44 Don't be a fool, Crank ! Come along and .show uie where it is P" I said, going aft. He slowly followed me. Au oil lamp that wo always bad alight at night to light tbe space about tbe spare wheel was burniog dimly, I' looked into the gloom boyond it. There was nothing to bo seen and was not a sound except the biieing of the bufibles in our wake as they rose from the propeller. 44 What did you see ?" I said again to Crank ,as he utumblod up to me. 44 A pale face— it was tkere, abaft the wheel ; a girl's face with a shawl round iV'j'hc said in a tone that left no doubt in my mibd as to the honesty of bin declaration. 44 Nbneeuao l You'?j dreaming man," I said, lifting down tboiamp and casting hs booms into the stern-way. 4xNo dreaming," ho answered, shaking his (head. "I'll take my solum oath, it was a girl's :faco, pale,- and- with a shawl. round it." 14 Woll, there's neither girl nor fauo here now," Lurid, 44 is there ?" 4 4 'No, but I seoQ it," persisted Crank, 44 Como along forward," I said, 4 and don't care tho ship with that lubberly yarn." It was juBt a quarter to four. I was taking a last-tarn round tho sbip to oee if all was right for- the starboard watch whioh wan coming on at four o'clock. I had been forward and was coming aft along tho port side. As I passed tho galley I heard tho sound of feot, and directly after three of tho watch tumbled ou top of mo. 44 What's this ? " I said, sharply, recovering my balanoo aud planting my back agaiattb the side. The men had not seen me in the dark and had collided with mo in their flight. They were broatbloss. 44 Something's tbcro aft, sir 1 " said ono of thorn pointing astern. 41 Whore— what is it'! "I asked, alarmed ah this second demonstration. 44 A woman's head— a ghost," answered tho man. 44 Aye ! - .A girl's head— a faoe white like death," ohimcd iu onuther of - tbe men. 44 Here! We. must put an end to this," I said. 41 Come along men. Sbow me where you eaw it," I said, leading tho way aft again. We proceeded to the spauo at tho eud of the deck. The-lamp was still burniug. 44 Now, where did you see it-P " I nslced,- throwing the light into the depth of tbo covered space boyond the wheel. 44 There— there ! " replied two of them, pointing to a spot immediately abaft tho whool. 44 Go aud got a fresh light, " 1 said to ooe of tho men. We examined every nook and rope, and ronnd in tho beud of the stern, but not as muoh as a rat was to be seen in form of a living thiug oxcept ourselves. Tho man camo back with a newly-trimmed lamp. 44 Opon each of thoso doors," I said, pointing to the store-rooms at tho port side. Tho first door eat unlaokod and opened read ily. I oast tho bright light of tho lump around. Faint-drama and sparo ropes wero the only things visible. We passed to tho nuxt room. This too, ooutaiaed old ropuo end deuk-storeu. Tho next room door was looked, so we orosMid over to the starboard side, where there were three more rooms corresponding to those we had just left. Two of these were looked, so we passed them. The third wo found to contain old boxes and timber without a trace of any living thing. Four hells rang out, 44 Come on," I said to the men rb I heard tho hull from the. starboard watoh. 44 And don't you follows go and make fools of your selves in tho foe&a;'l ovor this,'1 We went forward and the starboard wate camo on. Captain Townshend was ctanhig out of his room as 1 passod. 44 Good morning, Mr. Briudley ! Anything I frc3h ?" ho said. " "Yes, ghost reported on board," I said, laughing. 14 Good bcavono ! What's up, Brlndloy ?" ho aokctl, startled, I told bim (ho story, and of how wo had ex '' aroined all of bbo deck-rooms nt the store we 1 coutd gut into, and had found nothing. 1 saw by the light of tho lump that his brows wore knit, and a cloud had coonc ovor his fare. 44 A had job that. Well do io more good with the men if wo don't clear it up," ho said as ho loft mo nnd passed atfc. Nothing more was neon of tho ghost that night. The story wbr known to every hand ou ' tho ship before daybreak, lb was pitiful to soo tlio effcot it had on tho men. lhoy went about their work with terror on their faces, cringing at ovory sound. I bod thought of having the wholo of tbe dock- rooms rummaged during (ho day, hut the chango that had oome « over tho racu wao so groat that Captain Towns- bend Bgreed with mo that It would be best aot to go near tbenvor name thorn unless something further wore seen. Tbe noxt night t-hn Captain asked me te koop a sharp look out for anything strange, and to cell him immediately if anything bapponod whilo he was-not abont. Tbe Belle was Btoerod from tho bridge, so that after tbo passengers had turned in there was little occasion for the men to go aft while the weather kept iiuo. The boatswain, the lamp-trimmer, and myself wore about the only ones who troubled that .part of tbo ship with their pres ence during the iniddlo watoh. At half-past three I thought I would take a quiet turn round tho deck, astern. Except for tho throb of the eugiueS, the occasional eorapo of tho shovels in tbe firo-holc,and the hissing of the bubbles in our wake, ell was still. I walked noiselessly by the deok-houses, keeping as woll in tbo shadow of them as I could. By the end of tho captain's room I stopped and looked. he lamp undor the after-deck was burning audi could see tho dim outline of tlio spate wheel, I stood and watched intently, 1 was about to resume my walk when a move ment of sorae objcot beyond the wheel rivetted mv Attention. Slotvlv nnd naiiulMiiiv them smerged out of the gloom a form at first Indis tinct but gradually assuming shape. In a moment it ohanged its position, and a fnce, pale in tbo dim light of tho oil lamp, was turned towards mo. I olutohod at tho frame of the deck- house, for my hoart scorned to have stopped bcatiug. The figure was moving about tho stern beyond tbo wheel, Thuro was only a head and shoulders visible, all but the face being swathed in somo light-coloured fabric, as Crank Jsckeon had affirmed the previous night. ,< The face again turned towards me. I was confident it was that of a girl though what it meant was a mystery. Gently opening the door of the oaptain's roomh I arouved him and told him that I had poou tho apparition. He roeo immediately aud camo on deck. The facu and form hnd disappeared, 4 'There's something in it, Captain," I said, as I saw bis look of astonishment. 44 Lot us got the Icoys of tho rooms that aro locked, aud tn&ko; a thorough examination at onco. 1 havo un idoa we shall discover something worth finding," . 44 Uot them, and briug the purser along with you. It's mostly his stuff which is in those rooms," said Cnptoin Townshcnd, I found tho purser, and obtained tho keys-and a couplo of good lights. Wu joined tho Captain, aud wont quietly »ft. We examined tho three rooms on tboport side, nnd then cronnod to the end room, ondfoa starboard sido. We found that the door.WA! nnlockod, but would nob cpeu. Applying out shoulders to it and giving a heavy push it' at lent yiolded. I ontorod with a light, tho Cap tain and tho purser following. The room hud boon used for the storage ol oar spare sails, and contained soveral naU»>atul pieces of sail-cloth, some folded up and'somc thrown down loosely. There was -no use but ourselves -visible iu it. 44 There's nothing hero," exclaimed the . parser, casting his light around, Wo were abont to leave and pats to-the nexl . > room whon Captain Townshend and I maul tanoously observed a movement of what seemed to be a roll of sailcloth projecting , from . bsneath an unfolded tail. 44 What's that ?" he cxclainuul, I crawled across the Bailetowhorotho.mil lay and louobod it. The feel was that of 3. human body. Throwing back the loose sail, It uncovorod what was boncath. There lay the! form of a girl with a piece of sailcloth closely wrapped around her. Wo lifted her up and took hor outside. She) began to ory bitterly and besought us to have! pity en hor and nob harm her. Wo mansgud toi pacify her, and then, still sobbing, she told us hoc story. 8ho had couiu out from England as' a doaiefttio servant and had not found life i New Zealand what abe had expected. Her money was almost gone und she hnd noither friends nor prospcote. Sauuloriug along tho quay nhe had learned that the "Western Bella" wns on tbe point of sailing for Victuria. 8hw had gono on board and made some inquiries nnd had noticed that the deck-rooms wore only part filled wilh uteres. iSho had gone ashore again and ubtuined u small stook of provisions, and then returning and waiting her opportunity she had boarded tbe stoamor aud stowed her. self away in the sail-room, intending to remain unobserved during the voyage. The closonene of tho room, and the vibration of the propeUoq beneath her, b&ds; brought on sickness, aud dure ing the two nights on which her pale face was seen she had stolon quietly out to obtain a little frosh air, Our lady pasvenger took the girl in ohargc, and on reaching Portland induced her to remain in her sorvioe. The captain was too glad at having satisfactorily disposed of the ghost to be nugry with tho stowuwny. Had he nob solved the mystery, the crow would have de serted to a mau on touching porr, for no sailor stays on a haunted ship If ho knows it. 