IRISH NEWS. ? ♦ ? (From Contemporaries.) The Attitude of the Tories. Mr. Dillon, speaking at the Drogheda Convention on Friday, February 27, referred to the statement repeatedly made that the 'the Tories would kill Home Rule by kindness.' Dur ing1 the fortnight of the session that had expired, he said, there had been an opportunity of testing their attitnde. In the first place, wo opened by proposing a resolution on the subject of Home 'Rule/which, gave the Government an opportunity of declaring its policv upon that question, and we got a repetition of the si-atemeut marie last autumn by Mr. Balfour, that they would never concede any measure of selfgovern ment, to Ireland. In the next place, Mr. Redmond put forward the question of amnestv, and we were undoubtedly led to believe in this country that, owing to the lapse of time and many other considerations, the present Government would be more fielding than the Government that went before it on the ques tion of amnesty, and we were mot, by au absolute non posswmts, and no hope was held out for them at the present time, though three years have elapsed since the question of amnesty was opened, and the claim for amnesty is therefore infinitely stronger than it was in the time of the last Government — first, on account of lapse of time, and, second, owing to the conciliatory measures, such as Home Rule, which the last Govern ment offered, and which was to be accompanied by the release of all political prisoners. Then came the question of the evicted tenants. I am particularly interested in this question, and for my part I was glad that the Redmondites by their good luck or skill succeeded in getting a second place this ses&ion; for the Evicted Tenants' Bill on an early day. I was very glad of it, and I will always welcome the co-operation of the two Irish Parties in the House of Commons in trying to do good for the people of Ireland, more especially the evicted tenants of Ireland. (Applause.) I rejoice that it fell to the lot of Mr, John Clancy to move a most moderate bill on the subject the other day. This is the third question on which the Govern ment has declared itself since the opening of the session, and what was the attitude of the Government on the matter? .Since the early days of Mr. A. J. Balfour we have not had such bitterness and insult in the House of Commons. These very men, the Unionist leaders, two years ago, when the Home Rule Govern ment was in power, declared that, they were anxious to settle the evicted tenants' question on the basis of a voluntary bill, and they declared they would give a large sum of money to settle the question. Mr. Clancy's bill was based on the declarations made by the Unionist leaders, and when it was proposed we were met by one of the most offensive and insulting speeches that it has ever been my fate to listen to in the British House of Commons. We, therefore (continued Mr. Dillon), The Existing stand in this position : On amnesty on Position. Home Mule, a«don the question of - vieled tenants we have been met bi/ the Govern ment with insult and absolute refusal. Then, oomiug to the other question, the question of the Land Bill. The condition of the farmers of the country, which affeots four-fifths of the people of Ireland, and when I sought to get information on the question of the Land Bill from the Chief Secretary, Mr. Balfour declared that there was no agricultural depression, that prices had not fallen, and from that answer he thought they might judge what the Land Bill would be. I must confess the impression conveyed to my mind wir,h overwhelm ing force was that the Government bill was going to be a fraudulent bill, and that it would give little or no assistance to the farmers of the country. (Hoar, hear.) What do the tenants and country want, and. as necessary to enable them to carry on at all ? Thoy require, in my opinion, an all-round substantial reduc tion of rent. (Applause.) A substantial reduction of rent has already boen given in England, and we have in the Queen's Speech a passage declaring that the condition of agriculture was so disastrous as to be beyond all human experience or human memory, and with that passage in the Queon's Speech, prepared by his colleagues, staring him in the face tho reply of the Chief Secretary the other day wan that there was no great fall in prices, and that thero was no real or urgent need for any immediate reduction of rents. Wo will see before many weeks are over what Iho Land Bill is to bo, but in face of that speech by tho Chief Secretary my hopes of a real radical and efficaeioun measure are extremely slender. (Hour, hear.) Thore are two other questions which seem to compose tho whole of tho programme (the question of Irish Educa tion and the question of Light Railways). Js'ow, as regards Irish education, it was thought that whatever else the Tory Party might refuse, this Government would givo us instantly a bill doing us justice on the question of University and primary education in Ire land. Mr. Balfour mm id in tho Houso of Commons in my hearing with sublime insolence that as regards University education Ireland had a grievance, and a great grievance, and he added, 'Sooner or later I think we will be in a condition to propoho something.' (Laughter.) What sublime impertinotico ouch an ob servation coming from such a man, considering that with such a majority in the Housn of Common* lie could ea.silv pass a bill without the slightest difficulty, doing justice to Ireland on this question. (Hoar, hear.) Ah to the Christian Brothers, ho has told us that he refuses to sanction the rules drawn up by the two Archbishops of Dublin, and that he will make a counter proposal ; but I don't think wo need expect very much from that Joounter proposal. (Hoar, hear.) This is the way Home Rule is to bo killed wilh kind ness. (Laughter,) The Government, however, propose to bring in a Light Railway Bill, aud a certain body of men assembled about a round table, in Dublin offer us, if we are good boys, to start co-operative bacon stores throughout the country — (laughter) — to the great dismay and,' I don't wonder at it, of the pig buyers and other traders throughout the country. (Laughter.) That practically was the whole pro gramme of the Government. As regards light railways they are excellent things, and I hope we will soon get the Light Railway Bill. The bill, however, is not to be taken up until after the English bill, ana I don't suppose we will hear any more about it until the month of July or August. You have nmv a pretty full measure of what you may expect from a Tory Government. Some men, again (said Mr. Dillon) The Pros- are very apt, when they get knocked pects of the down and defeated once, to give up National the ghost and get weak-hearted. We Cause. have had troublesome times in Ireland for the last three or four years, and we met with a great defeat in the English con stituencies last autumn, but, let me tell you, I believe that if the Irish people can bo induced to unite once more, aud put their shoulder to the wheel again, that tho National cause was never in a better position than it is to-day. (Cheers.) Why do I say so ? We were beaten, no doubt, in England — for various reasons the Liberal Party were beaten at the last general election by an overwhelming vote. But look at what has happened a few days ago in the Montrose Burghs, where the Liberals returned by a greatly- increased majority the man who, abovo all othoi's in England, has been identified with Homo Rule — (loud cheers for Mr. Morley) — and look at tho result in an English constituency — a typical English constituency — not far from Birmingham, where adverse influences are so great. In Lichfiejd — (cheers) — in 1892 the Liberal was boaten by four votes. In 1895, at the general election, he was elected by forty-four, and yesterday the Liberal candidate was returned by a majority of 528\. (Cheers.) If a similar change took place all over Great Britain the Homo Rule Government would bo in power by a majority of at least 150. (Roue wed cheers.) That shows how very easy it may be to reverse a verdict such as that of July last, always provided that the Irish people will unite, forgot their differences, give up squabbling, and bring tho Irish movement once more to the front. (Cheers.) I have heard over and over again charges against English Ministers that they have allowed the Home Rulo question to go into tho background. I say what I have repeatedly told the Irish poopla — that there is only one power that ever can bring Home Rule again to the front, and that is the Irish people themselves. If Homo Rule during tho last two years had not raised more popular regard in England, and was uot any longer so triumphant, the reason is to be sought here in Ireland. And when the Irish people dotormino to punli tho cause to the front by uniting, I say it is in their power to put Homo Rule in a few months in tho same position that it occupied fivo or six years ago. (Cheers. ) I trust they will do that. Thoro aro many things occur ring every day which show that the present Government is not as strong as its majority would lead us to believe. This is a Government who have boon so accustomed to bully tho people of Ireland that, having got into power by a majority of 152, thoy thought they might try the same bullying all over tho world. They undertook to bully tho Transvaal, to bully Atnorioa, to bully Germany, and to bully Russia. Tho result is that thoy have got kicked all round. (Cheers.) They have been beaten in their foreign policy in every quarter of the globe. (Choors.) Russia has trampled upon them, Germany has defeated and insulted them, they have been compelled to apologise, to knuckle down to America, aud President Krugor has beaten them. With those incidents their popularity and prestige will go down in England — (cheers)— and the end of this Government may bo much nearer than many people suppose. Therefore, I say the cause of Home Rule is in a very much better position than many poople believed, and I am thoroughly convinced that its future depends absolutely upon tho attitude of tho people themselves. (Cheers.) at *?' « -ui ?''n oon°ludiu£ h^8 upoeoh Mr. Dillon 'Justifiable said: — I came here to-day as Ohair Claim. man of the Irish Party — (ioudoheers) — to appeal to tho people of South Louth and Drogheda, in connection with which I have many happy memories — (cheers) — to appeal to them to support ma and the Irish Party in their action and l.o give U8afairohar.ce. (Cheers.) I am perfectly well aware that thoro was a diffurouoe of opinion in the Irish Parly iih to my election to tho chair. It was a position, notwithstanding much thai, has been said, that I affirm hero to-day, without foar of contradiction, that I nevor sought, and I cannot imagino any man who knows all tho circumstances being eager to iret it. (Hear, hoar.) It is a position of immense difficulty and terrible responsibility. I did everything in my power, and it in well known to Mr. Davitt aud to every colleague in tho Party, to socuro that the position should bo occupied by another, a man who was pre eminently qualified to Jill it. But when the meeting of the Party came - and I would direct your attention to this fact — when I was proposed for tho chair nobody else was proposed against me, and the proposal of those who voted against my being elected appears to be that the Party should have been left without any chairman and in a state of chaos. (Groans.) I do not think that that was a course that would have rpcommended itself to many people in Ireland. I allude to this for the purpose of saying that once the election took place, and the twenty-one mpmbprs voted against my elpotion, a very considerable number of the twenty-one who voted against we have called, upon me and assured me of the most loyal support. (Loud cheers. ) And T have the strong-eat grounds for hoping that the Partv will go on its course now and for the future without dissension and without division. (Oheprs.) T can say from the bottom of my heart that I have no shadow of a shade of feeling against any of those men. I respect them for voting according to their convictions, and T shall endeavour, so long ns I shall occupy ibis very difficult position. I shall endeavour to be honestly the chairman of the whole Party. (Loud cheer*.) But. while fullv admit ting and acknowledging that a difference of opinion exists as to whethpr I was the fittest man to be put into the chair, I think, now that the election is over, / am entitled to claim at the hands of every Irish Nationalist, us I do claim at their hands, a. fair trial. (Loud cheers.) Far be it from me to sav, and I should be the last man to say, that I was the fittest man for the chair. (Cries of 'You are,' and srreat cheering.) T know that there wore in the room at the time men morp skilled a great deal in Parliamentary warfare. (''No, no.') But with all those facts before them, and in the fullest knowledge of all the circutnstancps, ard without solicitation from me, the Irish Party bv a largo majority, and without any other candidate being pro posed, placed me in the chair. (Cheers.) I come here as the selected of the vast majority, and as tho accepted chairman of many of the men who. voted against me ; and I may claim, I think, without the fear of its being refused oven from those — and I respect their view.c — who would have preferred some other placed in the chair — I claim in the name of the Irish Party, in the name of unity and commonsense. that every man in Ireland who desires to see the Irish Party preserved in the House of Commons will give me a, loyal support, a. fair chance, and seo what I can do. (Loud oheprs and cries of 'You must have it.') Gentlemen, I have endeavoured to lay before you to-day, as far as it is possible without trespassing too much upon your time, a sketch of the ideas which are in my mind as to the position and the policy of the Irish Party. . So long as, I am rotained in the position of chairman my advico will always be for war upon the enemies of Ireland, for conciliation and peaco amongst those who ought to bo bound together in one party to fight tho battlo of Ireland. (Loud cheers.) I shall do everything I can to bring about — if I cannot bring about unity — to bring about co-operation with other bodies of Irish Nationalists. (Loud cheers.) I shall seek, as far as I can, points of agreement, and as far as possible shut my oyos to points of difference, and trust that the great desire that undoubtedly exists in the hearts of Irishmen for an end to all those wrangles and disputes may bring all Nationalists together in tho future. (Oheors.) I go away from this meeting, from this room, and from this town, which has boon asso ciated in my career with many pleasant and exciting incidents — because it; was in this room that tho freedom of the citv of Proghoda. was passed to me while I was Ivimj in Kilmainhani Gaol, and, os you know, I was many times drawn- through tho H.trooliH of Proghoda under very peculiar circumstances. (Cheers.) I leave this town to-night and this convention with tho firm conviction that whatovor difficulties I mnv have in the future to face— and I don't, think any Irish politician had over greater difficulties to face— that I can still count on tho generous support, and oven T will say on the indulgence)' of the electors and peoplo of South Louth. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) In an address recently delivered by Mr. T. M. him at a meeting in Dublin, Mr. Healy, M.P., Hoaly exprossod himsoli' as follows: on the .For the moment tho inmiodiato and Situation, woighty issues under this Government wore those afYooting land, finance, and education. So far as his judgment went, he saw no reason for dissidenco within the Party upon these groat capital matters. They no longer held the Government in tho hollow of tlloir hands. (Laughter,) Thoir efforts, therefore, must, bo directed to extracting from them, with a forceps if necessary, those claims and advantages to which tho country was entitled. The Land Bill had boeu delayed until after Eastor, principally, ho believed, that tho Irish people were to be told during the autumn that tho question of facing tho landlords should be set aside for the noble .sport of expelling himself from the Parliamentary movoiuont. (Applause.) Tho question of finance had assumed first-rate and urgent iniportauoo, and he thought it only right to pay a cordial and justly-deserved tribute to Mr. Sexton for his untiring' labours upon the Finanoial Relations Commission. (Hear, boar.) Ho was satisfied that there was at the bottom of this question a matter of enormous and vital importance to the Irish peoplo. Ho thought their demand should be not a reduction by one million a year put for ward by Mr. Billon in the opening1 speech in Parliament, put forward at a time when Mr. Ohilders's report declared that Ireland was being robbed of 2;f- millions a year. Ho thought the demand should be that in order to put thoir little island upon its legs their taxation should bo reduced by sixinillions a year and tho rent of the country by four millions a year. (Applause.) Lot auyoue who wanted a oon deused aud a most careful, thoughtful, and moderate exposition of this mattor, take up the remarkable book recently published by Mr. Louirh, the Oavnn Protestant who sat for a London constituency. (Applause.) In his judgment that volume, in its plain statement of the facts of the robbery and docimatiou, physical and fiiiauciul, of this country, was little short of epooh making. (Applause.) It was a mockery to suppose that the oase of Ireland could be adequately repre sented in Parliament by one single British official. Let the Government, as they praised Mr. Pitt, return to the days of Pitt, and have a balance of their accounts in Parliament, and an Irish Chancellor to prevent this robbery. (Hear, hear.) He protested against the recommendation put forward, he gathered, in Mr. Childers's report, namely, that the money taken from the pockets of the people should w'mply be spent upon some kind of railway reform. His 'remedy for the financial grievances of the people would be to leave the money in the pockets of the people. (Hear, hear.) Let them return to the state of taxation at the time of the Union. Why should they be burdened with Im perial liabilities any more than the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands? (Hear, hear.) In his judgment to rob the poorest of the poor by taxing them for the miserable luxuries which alone /idd any joy to their lives by doubling or trebliner or quadrupling the taxation on tobacco and malt liquor, taking it from the poorest of the poor and giving it back in the shape of allocation orsubpidy to the railway industries, was not simply robbing Peter to pay Paul, but robbing the whole of the twelve Apostles to pay him. (Laughter and applause.) He did not adopt many of the accep'ed views which had becom*? more or lesH commonplaces amongst Irish politicians. He would, for instance, rather see Ireland a Crown colony than governed as it was at present under a Tory regimd, with a nominal representation at Westminster cut short by tho closure and the new rules of Parliament. He believed their representation at Westminster was a mockery. Their poor efforts in that constitution, having regard to the House of Lords, was, he might say, almost incommensurate with the efforts used to return and maintain some seventy or eighty gentlemen at Westminster. If it should turn out that Liberal promises were unable to be realised at the next election, in his judgment the first duty of the Irish Party oxight to be to make themselves troublesome in the House of Commons while they remain at Westminster. (Applause.) Let them by their action force upon their British rulers tho necessity of expelling the Irish members from Parliament — (loud applause) — and if they govern this land as a Crown colony, from the barren and sterile germ of a council sitting in Dublin Castle, there would sprout forth, with a view to conciliate the Irish people and this nation, which was as stead fast and irreconcilable as the English people were fickle and wayward — there would issue forth before long something equivalent to a national council, and from that again would shortly arise the necessity to broaden it down into a National Parliament of the country. (Applauso). These, however, were distant considerations. He threw them out with a view of any necessary deflection that might be called for in tho minds of tho people from a purely Parliamentary struggle. That struggle had been maintained up to the present with great vigour and with great deter mination, and having regard to the prostrate .and fallen condition of the country up to fifteen or twenty years ago, ho thought, upon the whole, results had been achieved far higher and far more important than they could fairly have expected. That movement had not beon a movement merely of leaders. It had been a 'movement of the people. Chairmen may be elected ; leadors must be born. (Hear, hear.) It was not from leadership or chairmanship that the people were in spired or vivified. It was the leaders who in reality were electrified and enhearteued by the broad and generous spirit of the common mass. The country was for the moment divided. It was neither downcast nor hud it any right to bo so. They had passed through times far more troublous, far more disheartening, far more desperate than these. They had now at home not merely an intelligent people, but they had abroad a buttress which never before existed to strengthen and maintain them, namely, their exiled countrymen throughout the earth. Were they at home to fail, to be discouraged or downhearted ? He believed new blood would bo reinfused into their veins from amongst the Gael abroad. The Shrovetide celebration at the great St. Catholio College of Castleknock was Vincent's worthy of the very best traditions of CollegGj thia splendid institution. In educa Castleknock. tioual advantages and in material comforts tho great Vincentian College ranks high among1 educational establishments, with which Ireland is so abundantly provided. It has at present 190 boys in the vast buildings that constitute the College. Their physical training1 and comfort are as admirably provided for as tht-ir mental advancement. The College is fully lighted by electricity from its own machinery. By tho most modoru appliances its water supply is obtained, even to the fine swimming bath recently provided. Library, museum, laboratoiy, billiard rooms, playground are on an ample soale ; no department of a perfootlj' -equipped College is wanting. Nover did the College buildings look to better advan tage than to tho eyes of the long* procession of 200 guosts that poured out through the Park to enjoy the hospitality of its annual festivities. The long* lines of illuminated windows lit up the buildiug1 with light and welcome. The guosts were received by the president, the Very Rev. Joseph Geoghegau, and were entertained to diuuor in the spacious refectory of the College. His Grace the Most Rev. Dr. Walsh, Arch bishop of Dublin, sat at the rijjht hand of the presi dent, and the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor of Dublin at the left. Amongst the other guests were : Most Rev. Dr. Donnelly, D,D., Most Rev. Dr. Lyster, D D. ; His Honor Judge Adams; Right Rev. Monsignor GaiYnoy, P.P., V.G. At the conclusion of dinner the oampany procoeded to the theatre of the college, whore au admirable rendering of ' Coriolatuis ' was given by the boys. Tho production of one of Shakespeare's masterpieces ie an admirable combination, pf. instruction. and enjoyment. It may almost be said with truth that a perfect knowledge of one of Shakespeare's plays is in itself a liberal education, and in no other way can a perfect knowledge be more closely approached than by the numerous repetitions and rehearsals necessary for a production on the stage. The young amateurs of the College displayed a marvellous knowledge and appre ciation of their parts and of the general conduct of the play. The stately declamation of Mr. James Higgins as Coriolanus was full of the spirit and pride that fills the haughty leader of the Patricians. Mr. John P. Bligh, as Menenius Agrippa, gave an admirable rendering of the shrewd, biting humour that blended with the genial kindliness in the character of the aged Senator. Con sidered merely as a study of an tfld man, the conception was most admirable. But it would be tedious to run through the entire cast awarding to each the praise that was unquestionably deserved. Let it suffice to say that by each actor in the cast the part allotted was admirably presented. The hearty and continuous applause was the best criticism on the merits of the performance. Mr. Burke, professor of elocution in the College, has, indeed, good reason to be proud of his pupils. The piece was admirably staged, and nothing was neglected that might make the production more effective. The dresses were supplied by May and Co., Covent Garden, London; wigs, etc., by Mr. Lucas, Dublin ; and the j-ceuery by Mr. Jackson, Gaiety Theatre. The orchestra, under the direction of Messrs. Munroe and V. O'Brien, was admirable, alike in selec tion and rendering. 