<©jur Caie, CAfiBOLLO'DONOGHUE. CHAPTER XXIV.—{Continued). The miser, seated in the doorway of his shop, was awaiting his expected visitor. A greasy coat, buttoned so as' to Conceal his shirtless bosom, hung upon his spare form, and his great, bony hands, resting on his knees, gave little evidence of any recent ablution. Tighe's salute, accompanied by an energy and independence of manner, assumed for the purpose of impressing the old man, was slowly and gravely returned. Then, without another word he bade Tighe follow him to the stable. Report had not exaggerated when it said that old Ned Maloney had built a better stable for his horse than he had a house for himself ; the stable was a stanch, comfortable structure, wellfloored, and abundantly supplied with straw and foragie ; and the groom was a close, wiry fellow, who evidently knew his business well. The horse •was led out, and stood in all its noble proportions before Tighe, whose eyes sparkled as he noted the signs—a task ' in which no one in the county was better versed than himself—that marked the horse as being sound of wind and fleet of limb; from the proud arch of his neck to his slender legs the animal was the thoroughbred racer, with the blood of sire and dam telling in every spirited motion. Tighe's admiration was loud and ardent. "There's no fear, Mr. Maloney, but he'll win the race ; he's a real beauty !" and with his wonted artfulness Tighe began to display his horsemanlike powers- vaulting on the back of the steed, atod with his knowing hand causing him to prance, and corvette, and amble, in the inclosed space which surrounded the stable, till both the old miser and the groom were convinced of Tighe's superior skill as a rider. Then, when Tighe deemed that he had given sufficient exhibition of his powers, he dismounted, and immediately began to hurry the grooms preparations for departure. Out on the road, and Tighe made full use of that talent for droll story-telling •which he possessed in no limited aecree. Having ascertained by apparently aimless questions that the groom : shrewd and artful as he appeared, was unacquainted by any personal experience with the topograhpy of the country three miles beyond Dhiommacohol, Tighe determined to so divert the attention of the fellow that he would forget to observe the direction they were taking, or the places through which they were travelling, beyond such information as Tighe himself chose to volunteer. And he succeeded : the mind of the groom was so amused, nerolexed and at last so beclouded with theabsurd stories in which horses devils, and ghosts mingled m strange and terror- striking fa^ion ttaTtbe little, wiry fellow was as abstracted and absorbed as sharp companion wished him to be Tighe announced at last the ter minatlon of the journey and Arty Moore, the groom, shook him- ^lf like one awaking from deep sleep, and looked half stupidly about him. A wide stretch of open country e* vironed by hills, lay beforei him, ana the only house in sight was that which tblv were about tjo enter-a 'small thatched dwelling, with what appeared tn hP several out-houses adjoining. The groom's full consciousness refume! and with It the suspicions which were peculiar to him. Trnlee" " I thought we were going to liaiee, he said, halting within artep of the doorway ; " that's what I onderstooa from Mr. Maloney, and that the hoise was to be stabled there " And Who said we wasn t saia Tigheturnaroundwltl.an.assumption of fierceness before which Moore riironk. '" Didn't you tell me you were never In Tralee ?" . "T did." answered the man, witu a crestfallen look; "but my common S S m e t l i a t this isn't the town 0 f »mii e 'maybe your common sense we are," mocked Tighe ; and^mayoe thai! same common sense that you ora™ ofwould tell yon I Have* veiy&ood; reason for what I'm .one that's toMr.il^opey^^^J'jgg^ tell me one thing "—going very close to the groom,and continuing his intimidating manner—" didn't Mr. Maloney himself tell you to be attentive to my directions ?" , , • i * " He did." " Yery well, then; maybe you're sharp enough to know that there's a great deal depending on this race ; <or maybe you haven't the gumption to see that there's something to be put in your own pocket if you have discretion in the matter. Which is it now ?" That was a shrewd way of detecting whether Arty Moore, Ned Maloney's groom, was> too faithful to the miser's interests to be bribed into betraying them. But the groom's principles were not of the stanchest kind, and there iwas no very cogent reason whyi he should be faithful to old Maloney at the risk of a pecuniary loss to himself ; with a snap of his black eyes, he answered : i " Trust me for that; I'm not par-" ticular which master I serve, so long as the money's to the fore." Tighe turned upon him with wellassumed indignation: " Hold, you : traitor ! is that the way you're serving the poor, lonely old man that trusts you '! JtE.ll not overtake me to let him know^qwt-Kjharacter." V''Oh, Jffifi- .Carmody, for the love of God,don't r Wd the trembling wretch w*u£qlm<Stt on lfHUpiees at Tighe's feet; " Kjpp aitt*®othiiifeby it; the words . onVpeseap&J; me f/^ut Mr. Maloney wouKt-JaelieVg 'ilieiir,jfliid I'd lose my placed JF* antt&sjMfce;, and a pretty good OB^fcpfar, and I liave a wife and family aepe&Mn; g/oiLtne." Tighe preteaaS-ttf be unmoved for a few seconds ; then he seemed to yield only for the sake of the dependent family. "Will you swear to be true to Mr. Maloney's interests by minding strictly what I tell you ?" " I will, I swear solemnly I will! answered the groom. " Very well, then ; you're not to answer anyone a single question about this horse, save that you're his groom, and nothing more; you're neither to tell the name of the beast, who is his owner, nor the man that's to ride him ; if the old boy himself was to stand before you and demand such information, you're to refuse to give it. both now,- during these few days before the race, and till after the race is over. Do you consent to all that ?" "I do, willingly," was the earnest 1 answer. The stable to which the horse was led wns hardly as comfortable as the one from which he had been taken, but at least it was sufficient for the proper housing of the steed ; and the sight of old Maloney's bank-notes, that Tighe ostentatiously displayed, made the owner of the stable, which was annexed to a little shebeen, very willing provender. Tighe was satisfied, and having renewed his injunctions of secrecy to the groom, he departed. He turned his steps to Corny O'Toole He found that the little stranger had departed not an hour before, having sufficiently recovered under Corny's skilful treatment, and he found Corny himself in a very contented frame of mind over a piece of bacon and a dish of smoking potatoes. " Just in time, my boy !" and the little man, with refreshing promptness, arranged a place tor Tighe at the table. The meal was heartily welcome to the tired Tighe a Vohr, and the palatable fare (Corny was an excellent cook), together with the contents of a little black bottle, which came forth from a recess in the closet after the table was cleared, put Tighe into very sanguine spirits. He related his success with Maloney and the groom, at which Corny signified his delight and admiration by slapping his knees, rubbing his hands together, and giving forth frequent low, prolonged chuckles. Then Tighe paused, and took another draught from his glass. Knowing the little man's peculiarities, he was doubtful of gaining-his consent to take the 1 m " S I had an intervtew'wlth my mother, C « r Dkl'you now V Mr. O'Toole imbibed from his glass, the rosy colour of the liquor -^ivaps helping tomake the blush which came into his wrinkled facc. " I did that, Corny; and you were mentioned ; yes, Corny, you were mentioned by the mother and the son." Mr. O'Toole arose. " I trust, Mr. Carmody, that no allusions were made to disturb your mother's widowed feelings ; rather would I bear my own unhappy sentiments to the grave ; yes. sir !" and he stood erect, glowing with the consciousness of his noble rectitude. " Sit down, Corny, and let me tell you; the mention of you put my mother in a very feeling mood entirely; she was touched, Corny, by your sentiments for her. Yes," pursued Tighe, " and in time, Corny, when the real goodness of your noble heart becomes fully known to her, and she has her eyes opened to all that she missed when she took Timothy Carmody in preference to yourself " "Not in preference, Mr. Carmody," broke in the little man, with dignity, " but because I didn't ask her in time." I beg your pardon, Corny, that's what I meant. Well, as I was saying, when she has her eyes opened to all this, slie'll be proud and happy to become Mrs. O'Toole." He stood up and shook Corny's hand with prolonged vigour. Mr. O'Toole replenished the We'll drink, Tighe, to your mother's health." "To the future Mrs. O'Toole," responded Tighe a Vohr. Corny was in a state of the highest satisfactionpleased with himself, with his visitor, and with his surroundings ; and Tighe, in the same happy state, judged it would be a very good time to broach the true object of his visit. Mr. O'Toole looked a little doubtful: " I don't know, my boy, how I'll bring myself to do that I haven't been in society since your mother married, and I haven't much mind for talking to any of these sporting characters." " The devil a hap'orth you'll have to say to any of them but Mr. Canty hiinseif, and then, barring he draws you into any remarks of his own, you have nothing to tell him but that Mr. there to see the horse ; and you needn't mind putting the message in very ^Strong words either; for if he won't believe you, and if he will go down to see old Maloney, faith it's a queer welcome he'll get both from the people in Dhrommacohol and the miser himself !" and Tighe laughed heartily as his imagination vividly pictured the crowd that would surround unsuspecting Mr. Canty, entreating him to return. .„ _ •'Maybe he'd ask me if I came straight from Mr. Maloney," said Corny : " what will I answer then ?" " The truth, Corny," responded Tighe, with the energy of conscious virtue ; "alwavs speak the truth. Lies are bad every way, as degrading to the man that tells them as to the man that listens : and there's nothing like the voice of a good conscience for making a man feel himself before the world, and of importance in his own eyes. " Bight my boy ; every way right. responded Mr. O'Toole. " Tell him. Corny, that the messengei who came direct from Mr. Maloney is at vour house, but for some reason he -wouldn't take the message himself, but -rve it to you ; and that'll be the truth anyway: sure I have the best of reasons for not wishing to meet Mr. Canty this while yet." . . At length it was,settled; y* 31 }}? agreed to take the\ mqsj^to the " Blennerhasset Ai-ms^eM^pi-obable whereabouts^^ Cjn^and Tighe departed to pm-pose of bringi^^im^ to ^ w «nri<in Born." .A -i, tySS CHAPTERS A soft, bright morn* redolent of balmy air anl hav. and the perfume of a Tnwreana w id but sweet-scented flowers, that decked the fields on^every side together with the prospect of winning his money and redeeming his honour all conspired to, put -William G a ^ quartermaster in her Marty's — Eeriment, in excellent spirits, as in S ^ y With Tighe a Vohr, and both S t e d on horses capable of a fa r thev cantered through the fiteh of country which led to the S e o f " Brian Boru." The Englishman wTs in a humour to relish Tighe's laughable and original remarks, about the locality through which they were riding, the people, their habits, and everything that Tighe could facetiously, twist or make up into a story of laughable absurdity or startling interest. His conversation, however, was not without a frequent random remark regarding the Widow Moore, a careless observation containing some item of news about her that was of profound interest to the love-smitten soldier; and once the artful fellow insinuated how report had it that the widow was excited about the coming race, and anxious for Garfield's success. The soldier was in a glow of anticipation and pleasure. " Only win for me, my dear fellow," he said, clapping his hand familiarly, for an instant on Tighe's shoulder, "and you will make me your lasting friend, willing and eager to serve you in everything." "The devil a fear of me losing for you ; I never lost a race yet But wait till you see ' Brian Boru if his beauty doesn't quicken the sight in your eyes my name's not Tim Carmody! only I've a word of caution: don't drop any remark before the groom that you'll find with the horse—don't even call the horse by name; for the groom is a fellow not much to be trusted, I think, and if he suspected that you were the man I was to ride for maybe I couldn't keep the secrecy I want to keep till the day of the race. You can let on to be a careless friend of mine that's just come out for diversion's sake to have a look at the beast" The soldier was strictly obedient to Tighe's injunctions, and though the lighting up of his heavy face, and his start of delighted surprise when the magnificent animal was led out, betrayed his admiration, he was careful not to drop a syllable of remark. Tighe lightly mounted " Brian Boru," and proceeded to still further surprise and delight the soldier by an exhibition of his skilful horsemanship. Garfield was in an ecstacy of joyous anticipation ; he could hardly wait for the exhibition to be concluded, and until Tighe and himself were in the silent open country again, on their return, when he burst forth : " I feel as If I owe you an apology, my friend, for my past distrust of you ; yes. I own "—becoming more frank as 'he looked into Tighe's wondering and apparently artless eyes—" that until this morning I did not entirely trust you ; there was a lurking doubt which I could not explain to myself that perhaps you were deceiving me ; but this morning, Mr. Carmody, has obliterated all that. I believe you fully now, and I thank you from my heart !" " That's always the way," responded Tighe; " them that's innocent is suspected. and them that's guilty escapes." " I did not forget, Mr. Carmody," resumed the soldier, " my promise to you, and out of gratitude I shall fulfil it this very day. I hope I shall be as successful for you as you have been so far for nie. Ooine to the barracks to-night, and I shall have an answer for you." Almost at that same moment Corny O'Toole was having his Interview with Mr. Joe Canty in the coffee-room of tho " Blennerhasset Arms." He had sought that gentleman on the previous evening, but without succesB, either at the "Arms" or at Mr. Canty's residence, and at the latter place Corny was told that he would surely find him at the " Arms " by a certain hour the next morning. (To be continued.) The friends of genial John Daly, ex-M.P., and Mayor for Cork, will rejoice to learn that he is acquiring renewed strength after his long confinement consequent upon the serious rallwav accident which befell Mm during Michael Davitfs visit to Sydney. Mr. Daly hopes to be able' to get about in the course of a few weeks. Two reasons are assigned-for his wonderful recovery from so severe a shock to his system—first, the devoted care of his wife ; and, secondly, his own vigorous constitution. Mr. Daly lays much more stress upon the first tban the second. ~ whsO^it-There are occasions in a man's life wtenL i^loXly anrioua abont ids appearance, notably w/flSrT wben It bo .happen be mtteto Sail on 7 P.^OWr.m^ touor.nort to the famWor quSutyand flt.FUndenfrtreet taamapaea The largest Gentlejnui's Ontflttlnj ataWwiart In Melbourne ii that of Messrs. Llncaln, Stnart -ana Oo.'s. Limited, Ftlndeis-ttrert. They Bin JP » reauy good «flt fram es ft. Their .t<x* *f«oyr application. 