#AY8 OF' DARKNESS^ .; CHAPTER XVII. i CLEAE 8KIE9. ; The sdroioiatratorgj one of whom wsi, by I ae-the-by, tbVheir,- evidently- looked upon le ?§ »lmoil v«coeiitrio personge. Perhaps ?\ i was. for ibii reason, or — ai I do not with ,j .o out unmerited blame — perbapi it was be I »use the estate woond op to nothing— well, ! ' ny way, even to this deaj we have received ?.' -jo' communication, much led* remittance, :; pom tho administrators; nor, to tell the troth, .'jjawe.'I troubled them again. Pbillippa't ', aarrisge ad mm it ted, I washed my bands of :| 111 the Ferrard blood. . ; ;;'| .The confession did not arrive ; bnt Iper n»ded Philippe to leave Euglaod. Mr. Crisp could vend whatever be. bad to send to c'p Seville just as-well as to London:' So once iaore, and this time in all but perfect happi (j! ies,-we took that long journey which wss by ( low quite familiar tone. ?'? ? -'? '?--'-?- ,| The joy, the wild joy, with which Philippa ; ijbrew herself into my mother's arms cheobed /'ill the upbraidings and reproach which we /.Apparently merited. Onr return was like tbe /etorn . of., a prodigal soa^and daiighter. Laughter, tear's, and happiness ! Although yi told my brother nothing as to the objeot of ''-ur mysterious r journey; although no word ttvidenoing her knowledge of what had passed i»b ever crossed her lips, I know that all has oeen revealed to her; that Philippa has ? fobbed oat' the whole si range tale on her oreast I know it by this, thateince the day of Airfreturo my mother's deep lo»e for my wife lasdhown itself even tendererj. sweeter and iJeeper. Yes, I was spared tbe telling ol the ;ale. My mother's ryes the next day showed no that Philippa nasjgiven bfr,-- the), history, T have given it bore, from beginning to end , No, not quite the end. Sit by me once more, ss I asked yon at (he beginning ol my itory to sit by me ; but this timo, not by the tide of a smouldering. fire, but out in tbe fair, ..j;ay patio of our Andolusian home. Philippa jmd I are side by side. The post has just ' some in, and brought me a bulky packer, on which, in a clerkly Lncd, is written my name and acdrees. I tear the wrapper open with sagerne'es. I know -what ?. it contains ; Phil lip* knows. I wish to read il first alone, bnt the appealing look in her eyes turn me from my purpose. After all, there is nothing to ' lear,* there ban be nothing which ihe should . adi'know. - So, with our oheeks all but touohing, we read together. Sit by as, lean over my shoulder, and read with ui. ? 'The confession of William Evans, now lying in Town ham gaol under sentence of death:-- * '?? ' ?' '-' ???'? ???' ? ' i.' 'On the fifth of January, this year, I re turned from New Zealand. I worked my passsge home. When I reached London I had bnt a few shillings in my pocket.. I had no nrtiolea of value which I oould Bell. All I-owned, except my olotb.es and the little bit of money, was a pistol which, a man on board the ship had given me. It iwas a. pistol of his own invention. He had several with him, '.and said be wanted to get the 'sort known. ' Why he gave it to me God knows ; but he did, and a couple of cartridgei. 1 1 spent my money — all but a shilling or two. I tried to get work, but none was to be had. Then I remembered that I onoe had a friend who lived near Boding. I went there by train. I bad just enough money to pay my fare. I found that the man I knew had left the place two years sgo. I walked baok to the town penniless and desperate.' ''The first tbiug I did was to go to tbe pawn-broker's, and try and sell the pistol. Tho man'/ wouldn't buy it at any price He said his shop was full of pistols. I went away, and walked to the railway-station to try and earn a few pence somehow. I was in despair— all tot starving. ?;?, i ' About seven o'clock tho train from London came in. A tall gentleman oame out of the door ioi the station. I. asked him if he had any luggage I could carry for him. He told me to be off. Then I asked him, for pity's sake, to give'meia shilling to buy some food. He enraed me, and I began to hate him. ;%i, ' 'He stood ondor tho gas-lamp, and drew i out s great gold watch and looked at the ii time. Then he asked a than near, nhiob read ij he mnst tike to get to a village nnraodCher I: well. ? The man told him. I saw.him walk ! away, and I knew where Le was going. ? fjj. ' I shall be hanged next' week ; there is no ?yhopo for me. Bnt I tell tan truth when I Bay | j: that, b»d' fellow as I have been; I' bad never -; ootumitted inch. a crime as the one whioh at ]'. that moment entered my head, , That tall ;;' rann hi'dmoney, jewellrry, and good clothing j '.'? I IjiH nothing. I was starving. So I ran , on, pot before him, went miles up the road, ? atfl sat down in tbe bitter cold on .a -heap of : stoiirs, waiting for him to come, and making up my mind to kill 'and rob him. 'I knew I 'must kill him, because he was so muob ' stronger and bigger than I was. My pistol was loaded. \\. ) 'He came. I. saw him in the 'moonlight. I stood np as he oame near and, God forgive me, polled the trigger, and shot him-through . the heart. He fell like a etone, and I knew I was a murderer. . , ,-, ,., ?', ' ' ' Oh, if I could I would have undone the dead ! I stood for a long time before I dared to go to the body and steal tbe things for which I bad committed the crime. Then I nerved myself and went to take the price for wbiob, uolcss God il merciful, I had sold my ?'??? ' I never took1 a farthing. ; Just aa I was about to begin I heard the' sound of feet. I looked up, and saw a woman or a spirit oom ing to me. I dropped, the pistol in terror, I felt sure she saw me I looked at her under the moon. Her faoe was white, her lips were moving, her hair was all flying about. ; Sbe came straight to where the 'dead man* lay, then stopped and wrung her hands. ,1 flew . away in deadly fear. 1 ran ncroBS several fields. I dared not- stop. 1 thought that apirit or ghost was following mo. . ' i rou on until tho onow began. I must have died in that anow-ntorm if , I had not found a, hulf-ionicd uowshed.. I oropt into this, aud lr.y all the nigh*''., anil patt of tho next doy. I was tho most wretched being in the world. , .. .': ' Hunger at last drove me out. I' got throngb the snow somehow, and roncbed ? house, wbero the people saved me from dying , of starvation. Bnt nothing could make me go again to the spot- where I had done the murder. My life since then has been one of agony, Even now that I am going to be hacked, I am bsppior than I have felt for moutliB. May God forgive my crime! .1 is Is be^CoEl nued.) ' ' 