WIUNICIPALITIES City Council, Monday, July 20. Present.-The Mayor (Aldermaa P. M'Crackan), Aldermen A. Barrett, W. H. Ferrall, A. Jones, E. H. Panton, S. J. Sutton, M.H.A., R. J. Sadler, D. Storrer, and W. C. Wilson. Official Reports. Abattoirs.-Statement of Tasmanian stock :laugbtcred ad inspected for the fortnight ended July 17:-Slaughtered -Pigs, 43; sheep and lambs; 1268; cattle, 149; calves, 5. Inspected-Pigs, 280; sheep and lambs, 10; cattle, 2; calves, 3. Police.-Offenders arrested during fortnight ended July 20, 13; offences re ported, 15; offenders proceeded against by information, 11. Public Reserves.-Wages paid to six men employed during fortnight ended July 16, £23 17s 2d. The work of levelling Albert Square is in progress. The fence enclosing the Reservoir Re serve, Cataract Hill, being almost com pleted, and a start will be made at once to prepare holes for tree-planting. Waterworks.-Number of men em ployed for fortnight ended July 18, 17; wages paid, £52 is 5d. Various re pairs effected in 78 places in the city and 10 in the suburbs. The superin tendent reported having visited the works at St. Patrick's river, where a fair start had been made with the con creting, which was proceeding very satisfactorily. The late flood was very high in Distillery Creek, but no damage was done, beyond the washing away of a little stone work. City Surveyor.-Return of expendi ture and work done luring fortnight ended July 9-Streets generally, sca venging, £43 13s ld; ditto, general re pairs, £22 9s 9d; Frederick-street, re pairs kerbing,etc, £1 2s 8d;Erina-street, timber kerbing, £3 1ls 11d; sewerage, Connaught Crescent, brick sewer, £23 16s 11d; St. John-street,. branch sewer, £15 10s 3d; Basin road, culverts, £2 ls 7d; Patterson-street, replacing old barrel sewer with pipes, £2 19s 5d; El phin road, metalling, £16 18s ld; pri vate works, other departments, £16 0s 3d. Electric Light.-Number of hands employed for fortnight ended July 16, 13; wages paid, £43 6s 8d. Nine pre mises (equivalent to 75 8-c.p. lamps) were installed, malting the total equi valent in 8-c.p. lampa connected to date 4208, and seven ,.i; lights. The cost of wiring the various municipal build ings was as follows:-Police station, £55 4s 4d; Town Hall, £77 19s; water works yard and house, £22 19s 8d; Sandhill pplice station, £16 10s ld; Al bert Hall, superintendent's residence, bandstanl', and fernery, £414 17s lid; *Museum, £71 2s 8d; *Mallrket Build ings, £5 7s 10d; *Abattoirs, £39 6s lid. *Not yet connected. Correspondence. Mr. C. J. Orbell wrote, clling atten tion to the highly dangerous State of Little Erina-street, which was chiefly caused by the laying down of the water maimn This had cut up the ground, and the storm waters had made a chasm some 20ft. long and 5ft. . dee. Mr. Orbell' asked for immediate action to prevent accident. The City Surveyor reported on the letter as follcws:--In October, 1893, in consequence of Mr. Orbell's representations, I made survey and prepared plans for forming this street, which is a private one, laid out merely for convenience of subdividing the surrounding property. Upon dis covering that the cost of forming the street would have to be' borne by the owners ofiproperty frbniting it objec tions were raised, and the work was not done. The hole Mr. Orbell complained of, and which I have seen, is under neath' a gaspipe, not a waterpipe, as stated. As my instructions are that. the Council:does no work whatever on a private street unless it is properly formed under the act, I have done nothing:.to the street. I have informed the gas engineer, and he will send to fill the hole as soon as possible. Referred to the Public Works Com mittee. Miss Stewart (Granville) broug;ht under the notice of the Council the un protected condition of the Windmill Hill and neighbourhood through the want of police protection, and asked that a constable should be stationed there. This matter was rendered more urgent owing to the "ghost" rumours in circulation. Referred to the Police Committee. Mrs. A. V. Cowap submitted that the amount of £19 per annum payable by her on account of her aerated' water business for water was excessive, and did not leave a fair margin for a living profit. She considered £13 per annum, Payable quarterly, would be a fair and reasonable charge. Appended was the following memo. by the collector: "For the year 1896 Mrs. Cowap paid £18 1ls 9d for water per meter, using 485,000 gallona, and the rate assessed on the premises at £67 at 9d in the £1; equal to £2 10os 3d. or a total of £21, .s' for th year for wste only. Tihe nmajority of factory owners do not dwell on their premises, as petitioner does, and consequently are not charged the domestic rate if the consvmption ex ceeds the ansessment value." Committees' Reports. Finance committee on letter from the Commissioners of the sinking fund established under the Town of Laun ceston Loans Consolidation Act, 1886, intimating that they are prepared to lend the Council the sum of £7400 at 51 per cent, per annum, on the security of mortgages to be issued under the Launceston Sewerage Act. No. 6, 52 Wictoria, Nc. 22. The Town of Launces ton Loans Consolidation Act, 1886, pro vides that all sums to the credit of the sinking fund established under it shall be invested as the Council may, with the approval of the Governor-in- Coun cil, from time to time direct. The City Treasurer reports that early next year there will fall due sewerage mort gage representing over £9000 at 5 per cent, and that under the said Sewerage Act the Council is now empowered to bIorrow up to the sum cffered, £7400. Your committee are of opimon that to take up the mortgages falling due, it (vould be desirable to accept the money offered by the commissioners, and, Itherefore, recommend that, subject to the approval of the Governor-nla-Council, the Council direct the commissioners to invest the said sum of £7400 in Laun cestonm sewerage mortgages at 3½ per cent. per annum for the term of five years. Repoi ts Considered. Sewerage Committee, on sewer in Connaught Crescent, recommending that the construction be continued to the culvert at Laura-street, at an esti mated cost of £120.-Adopted. Finance Committee, recommending payment of accounts amounting to I10?46 10s 6d. The Mayor, in answer to Alderman ,Wilson, gave information on several items which as an auditor he had not yet initialled as correct. SAlderman Barrett expressed surprise at the action of Alderman Wilson in bIringing such a matter before the Coun Scli without consulting him as a co- audi tor. He did not know what Alderman MWilson's standard was in such things, Sand he thought that it would have been Sbetter had Alderman Wilson consulted him. He had gone through the accounts, and found nothing whatever to object to. He was sorry Alderman Wilson ,was so cantion~.. Alderman Wilson explained that Alderman Barrett had not kept an ap Spointment made for the auditing of the accounts together. SAlderman. Barrett, in explanation, Ssaid he had no notice of the appoint !ment referred to. Alderman Sutton expressed regret at the action of Alderman Wilson, which reminded him of that old bit of poetry "Paddy was a Welshman, Paddy was a thief," etc. ((Laughter.) He did not see what ne . cessity there was for auditors, espe , ially when the Council's accounts had to be submitted to the Auditor-General. Alderman Wilson thought it was part of the auditors' duty to save the money of the Council, and hlie claimed that he 0.ud Aldeirman Barrett had been instru mental in doing this. . Alderman Sutton-You have never saved a £5 note. Alderman Wilson--Oh,. yes, we have, , nd many of them. T'he accounts were then passed for :paymentL Removal of Offal. The only tender received for the re moval of offal from the abattoirs, that o?f Alfred Fry at 2s per load for three wears, was accepted. Electric Light. Alderman Wilson moved for the fol lowing information and returns to June :0, 1896, viz.:--The number of private Vlwellings,business premises, and muni cipal buildings.installed with the elec tric light by the Council, with number ?of lamps and candle-power to each; the cost of installing each of the municipal buildings, including cables from main and transformers, also the cost of elec 'troliers and lamps for each building, Iwith number of lamps and candle vower; the number of private dwell ings, business premises, and others in stalled by private firms, with number of lamps and candle-power; that these returns be made quarterly; the esti mated cost of the Art Gallery and Mu seum installation with electroliers and lamps, with reasons for such installa tion. In the estimates given by the Council and private firms for installa tions, has any charge been made for any portion of cables from main and transformers; if not, why not? The Mayor said Mr. Corin tabled fort :nightly reports, which covered most of the subjects in the motion. In refe rence to the last item, which he was . glad had been asked, he might say that the Council allowed private consumers not exceeding ten yards of cable, and charged for nothing outside their boun ,aries. Alderman Sutton hoped AldermanI Wilson would not press for answers to a.ll'his questions,and give such unneces sary trouble to the head of a del)art ment who had at present so much to attend to. Alderman Panton thought the return asked for was premature, but would come in very useful at the end of the year. Alderman Sadler opposed the motion as giving the department unnecessary trouble. After Alderman Barrett had spoken Alderman Wilson replied, but was in terrupted by Alderman Barrett. on a. Spoint- of order. • Alderman WilSon wa,, he said, introducing new mat~ter. Alderman Wilson-It is hard to say when one is in order,according to Alder man Barrett's ruling. Alderman Barrett asked that the words be taken down. This was done, and the Mayor asked Mr. Wilson to withdraw them, and apologise. Alderman Wilson-I will withdraw them, but no apology is needed. Alderman Barrett moved that Alder man Wilson be called upon to with draw the words and apologise, failing which a penalty be inflicted. Alderman Sutton-What! again? Alderman Barrett was proceeding to speak, when Alderman Sutton rose to a point of order. He wanted to know where Alder man Barrett was. Alderman Wilson said be would with draw the words. He did not mean them to be offensive. Alderman Barrett insisted on an apology, according to the standing or ders. The Mayor said Alderman Wilson had made an ample apology when he said he did not use the words offen sively. Alderman Wilson-I did not intend it as an apology. Alderman Barrett insisted on his mo tion being piut. This was done, and the motion carried. Alderman Wilson, in answer to the Mayor, said he withdrew the words, and did not intend that they should be of fensive. Alde~inan Barrett accepted this as satisfactory, and Alderman Wilson re sumed his remarks. The motion was lost. Launceston Corporation Act. Alderman Barrett mcved--"That the hon. the Attorney-General be requested to amend the 7th section of the Laun ceston Corporation Act, 1895, by adding the following words:-'The Council shall cause an abstract of the said ac counts to be published in some news paper generally circulating in the city, and a copy of such abstract shall be kept by the municipal clerk at the of flce of the Council, and shall be open to be inspected by any creditor or rate payer during office hours.' " This com mended itself to his judgment, and was done in the other colonies. It was little use publishing the figures in the "Ga zette," for so few saw it. Citizens wou.d like to see such a statement pub lished, and when he left the Council he would like to see it. Alderman Sutton-You are not going out. Alderman Barrett--Oh, I suppose I am. They say they are going to put me out-(laughter)-but I shall show fight. The cost of publishing would be a mere bagatelle. Alderman Sutton seconded the motion pro forma, but strongly opposed it. Any citizen who wished to see the statement of accounts could do so ht any time at the office of the City Treasurer. What more, in the name of common sense, did they want? Alderman Ferrall thought sufficient reason had not been given for the al teration, which would entail consider able expense. Alderman Storrer moved that the matter be referred to the Parliamen tary Committee. Alderman Jones seconded the amend ment. Alderman Sadler opposed the motion as entailing an expenditure of £20 or £30. He came into the Council on the motto of retrenchment,snd he could not support the motion. If the accounts were published not half-a-dozen people would read them. Alderman Wilson opposed the motion. Mr. Gladman would supply any citizen with a copy of the abstract if it was desired. He (Mr. Wilson) had obtained one before he entered the Council, and it made his head ache. Then, again, it would never do to publish the statement in one paper only; it would have to be done in, them all, down to the small church gazettes. Alderman B3rrett replied to the de bate,and withdrew the motion in favour of the amendment, which was carried. Notice of Motion. Alderman Barrett gave notice to move at next meeting of the Council:--"That any item in the municipal accounts ob jected to by the Aldermen appointed to audit the said accounts be brought under the notice of the Finance Com mittee, preparatory to the accounts be ing submitted, in the ordinary course, to the Council." 