SCKATCHISGS IN TfrE CITY. br a eekoii-. •£hat «rery litre which written here may be Go to its mark sttelgbttt&d;*im6ning)j That eyeiy langfc b» deaxrand .fairly bcmgfct; *th&t; coa^emimtum never go nnaonght: ' That' cat or thrdst or $£a*aappronxig cheer, • -Aimu&j-; behoneat.thoacrht:«utd purpose clear ' paejof tbS nrtst xnfereating' events ii tovh lat^y has been the fjreat Wosteri AnB^tianbM|^^'i»eld.on Friday night ib bnllding wbicl •tdriscousti^pii^rfies is like» libertine foi d&eaSsi; itli^nef$ot iay- Major Harrold enjoyedthe honor o£ beinj jftie' ffrstv feflwnentaiy candidate to be r^piBition^fcjr female' voters—Was in the cKaij-. and his speech was characteristicallj pweti<al" ami full of sound commonsense ^With the exception of the Hon. Dr. Camp bell, iio other good speaker attempted to address the' company. One o£ the moat X»pOlir attendants was Mr. "Browne, who is- sffippo^ed' to bare a bright prospect of objtainingin due time an illustrious family tioein England. ' Be is a,capital fellow,.as ktoWf as he is enterprising, and as gentle^ manly as he is practical; but he is no orator. ' ilegnests were mightily enthusiastic, and a couple of unrehearsed effects were received in s, merry uproar. "The house "*^us brought <towo/'for instance, when the chajinMin .remarked with some hesitation at &ib; 'be^piingof this repast— * "Gentiemen,as thereinnot a clergyman ^reseife J will not fcotheryau with a grape!*' Shortly affcerwapds the mayor had to read ^<MmjHii^iiaiM!Biijinl«jiiy fi™ Mr,Banisay, * well-known ^resident of Moont Barker, ★hpis greatly.interested in Western Aus tralian :tdines. Mr. Kamsay'e note was Verypretiily expressive down to the last line, but that was unconsciously all awry.. ".-AU&e;»gh,5' he wrote. " I shall not be •with yoa in person u> drink * Prosperity to Western Australia,' I shaiU drink it in spirit V Some of the pioneers fell to chatting about the eurions old identities of certain ■western towns, and two of the yarns which concern a weTi-to-do man of business wereT-ery passable. l»etns kiltiegentle man Mr. A, and premise that lie is one of the shrewdest and most successful traders south of the Indian Ocean. Yet he cannot write half a dozen -words. One day he met intfaeJBtreet a "customer-who told him to have a grindstone sent to his house-as soon ssijpossible.- -Sfrv A, took out his poekefc fcook find-appeared to make auentfyin it. "When -the customer reached home his wife asked him -why he 3iad ordered Mr. A to send a. cheese to the house; for a cheese had arrived. Hie surprised man went to get the information from Mr. A himself, and Me. Afeaid— "You ordered a cheese!" ' -^Idid sot." " Why, here is your order in my pocket fcook" He showed the "order1* which was simply a thick pencilled circle. (Mr. A's lack of tcaligraphie skill had led to his drawing a picture of the" -different articles ordered). " There" he continued, "that's a cheese right enough, but I see where I*ve 3nade the mistake. I should have pnt a eqnare hole in the middle to show that it was a grindstone." ■The other anecdote represents Mr. A as sitting on a wharf without hoots, in the oldest of suits jishihg with a rod and line as a steamer- from Adelaide arrived. Among the passengers was a- eprace" and who;iiaft'T}e6n'engaKedTto '■ take a-derkehip in Mr. A's office. He did not; know Mr. A,; and , seeing what he deemed to be a dilapidated fisherman he ■eaid— - - Hie, you there ! What will yon take to <arry my portmanteau to Mr. A's office ? "Oh, say a. dafllinu." His services were accepted, and the brilliant young fellow strutted down the street "in a lordly way, while the seedy old fellow followed duti fully behind with the luggage. When they arrived attheoffice thebaggage-eao-ier was gtacioudy given a shilling which he pocketed as a matter of course and then disappeared. Then the new clerk: asked somebody to be talcen to Mr. A's room, and when he was shown in there he was presented to " the ] old fisherman." He didnot faint, but he ! might have been excused if he had done BO, ' Many tales were told at the banquet respecting the wonderful luck which some folks enjoy. " For example," said a Fremantle and Perth.importer, "a few weeks ago a young man of 25 replied to one of my. advertise ments jfor an office boy. and begged me to take him on. I told him that I could not thinkof-employing a man at boy's wages, implored me to give him a chance to earn enough to prevent bim from starving. I persisted, however, in declining, and he went away looking disappointed and miserable. Shortly afterwards I met bim in tbe street, and his appearance was that of a flourishing man of the world. * Let me thank you," he said, * for refusing to give me the situation that I sought almost on my knees. When I failed to get it I tramped ont into the mining districts, discovered a rich mine in a day or two, and bow I'm worth at least JE10,000 in hard cash with prospects of getting a lot more money." Some of the military folk ivho slept dur ing the recent encampment in the late Captain Hellon's old-fashioned wooden cabin on Granite Island. Port Victor, declare that the place is haunted by the ancient inariner-^at aiy rate, that they were disturbed at. night by mysterious blockings and shakings of doors for which they could not account in any commonplace mundane way. As the ricketty tenement was used for canteen purposes a wag suggested that the departed captain might have been attracted back to earth by the aroma of square gin or some other devil's water. If, however the ancient mariner's ghost should reappear for other purposes it would be only what the Port Victor larrikins would deserve. Unless my memory is unusually untrust worthy, the poor old fellow told me that he might haunt the roughs who stole his poultry and worried his sensitive nature until evsn the prophet of death was a relief. . I had the opportunity a few days ago of hearing" our star soprano" sing in a draw ing room, and I was-delighted by what I beard. "Our -star soprano" is a young niece—still in her teens—=of Premier King ston. Her name is Gillespie, her parents live on Southern Torke's Peninsula, and she is being trained in Adelaide. Her voice is -wonderfully Sexibleaand she is abomactress, entering instantly and ' naturally into sympathy with tbe variou s themes treated by the composers whose works slie inter prets. Messrs. Williamson & "Musgrnve have made ber a capital offer, and when her tuition is complete she will appear as a prima donna. Xt is long since Adelaide test 2 Sreix3-2£5 ari tt: tie stage, and if this one should not do well, pat no more faith in "Pencil's' judgment. UK-Canon, Poole is reported to he sorry that be left St. John's Church for Ballarat, : especially aaDr Farr'e retirement would have given. bits an archdeaconry; but i what .is done cannot be undone. The Ber. Mr. Hoperaft is going ahead nicely in Mr. Pbole'a parish, and has not been afraid to introduce innovations. Among these is a Friday night fat home" for male parish ioners at the parsonage.- He has alsohad: dancing conrersaziones and has put cos- - tamed ladies into his choir alone; with the hoys.. And, finally, he has closed St. John's Grammar School. Ae he becomes better known to his people tie is better liked, and his sermons axe specially appreciated. 