ROUND THE WQSLB. \- - ?? — ? v ? IP a Japanese artist wishes to describe in color and design the anticipation of kappiness, he draws a picture which is a, combination o£ an April evening, a room, a nightingale, and a pints. ' tree or two. Victory is symbolised -by the Iris, grace and quietness have the willow tree and the swallow for symbols. Patriotism is sometimes indicated by a spray ot cherry oiossoms; tne almond flower is the flower of spring, and sym bolises beauty. The dragon twines and writhes antartistic course througk all Japanese art, root and branch,' — His name is Tatsu, and when you see him pictured as fighting: with a tiger it is th« symbol of religion fighting .against power. A dragon floating about in the clouds means suc cess in life; Tori, the cock, perched upon a drum, signifies good government. Both the Greeks and the Japs use the bntterfly to symbolise im mortality. THE caurcfe of St. Sauveur, one of the finest buildings of its kind is the town of Lille, and dating from the 14th century, and another his torical monument adjoining, known as the Tour des Nobles — the last-named being the single remaining vestige of the old ramparts erected in 1402 — have been destroyed by fire. The outbreak occurred in the church steeple, and is attributed to the carelessness of some workmen engaged in repairing the bells. Both, church and tower were destroyed, and the fire took firm hold of the St. Sauveur Hospital, in which there were 200 patients. Most of these were carried to safety by soldiers and fires&en;, and 'the more able-bodied inmates, many only half-dressed,, made their escape to adjoining houses ; eight, however, died from shock. During the removal an extraordinary accident occurred. Sojee soldiers engaged in conveying -chemicals from the laboratory of the hospital opened a bo* t'e of poison, whick they mistook for gin. Of : ? -i who drank the liquid foar died; and the otker six are not expected to recover. IT seems that Clandon, one of the seats of Lord Onslow, has for some time been haunted. At least, the inniates believed so, and investiga tions nave been carried on with the view of 'laying' the apparition. The ex-Governor o£ New Zealand has only recently entered into pos session of the house himself, and in answer to a letter from Lord Bute, on behalf of a society of which he is vice-president, asking whether the investigation might be continued, says: 'While acknowledging the courtesy of the offer, I would point out that with the departure of the tenants and their servants all opportunity of unmasking impostures by cross-examination of the occu pants of the house has ceased; and, moreover, I am determined not to allow any repetition of such nonsense. I may add that the adult members of my family sleep with loaded revolvers by their bedsides, with which they will not hesitate to shoot at any 'ghost' who seeks to play tricks on the members of my household.' We ('Westminster') venture to predict that the last of the Clandon ghost has been seen. These 'perturbed spirits' have a aoraor of revolvers. PRINOE COIJSTANTINE W1ASEMSKT nas just completed a journey lasting two years and a half which has . been not less interesting from a scientific point of view than fertile in incidents. Tor he has been 'round Asia on horseback, covering a distance of 26.S75 miles, visiting in turn Siberia, Mongolia, the whole of China from north to south -and from east to west, Tongiing, Anam, Cochin China., Cambodia, the Mols coun-try, Siam, the Laos, Burmah, Manipur, As sam, India, Kashmir, Thibet, Turkestan, Bokhara, anc Persia, returning to Russia by the Caucasus. In the course of his travels he was attacked four times by wild people and twice 'wounded in the shoulder and leg, while, but for a lucky escape from captivity, he would probably have been killed by a tribe of fanatics in Thibet. After having been delayed by floods in Siam, where 'he contracted malarial fever, he nearly died from Lt-irst 5n the desert of Gobi, where all his horses perished, and he did part of his journey on other animals, riding oxen in Cambodia, and doing over 600 miles on elephants in Siam, while in Thibet he bestrode the yaks, or mountain cattle, which, travel where horses cannot- go. When he could not get a horse he travelled on foot, taking copious notes upon the usages and dr&ss; of the natives, ' and visiting several Buddhist monasteries in India, where he claims to have discovered the secret oi the fakirs. Prince Wiasemsky had al ready ridden round the Mediterranean from France to Egypt and thence into- Africa, and he dined with Gordon Pasha a lew weeks before the capture of Khartoum. Prince Wiasemsky, who says that he lost all the twelve horses which he took out, is residing at Rome to recuperate his strength, as he is suffering very much froia the fatigue of his last journey. ONE of the most curious uses to which insects are put was related at a recent meeting of the Linnaean Society of London. It was stated that the Greek bar-ber-surgeons of the Levant employed a large species of ant for the purpose of holding together the edges of an incised wound. The ant, held -with a pair of forceps, opens its mandibles wide, and is brought near -to the cut being treated, so that it can seize the two edges, which are (held together for the purpose. As soon as the unfortunate ant has obtained a firm grip of the cut its head is severed from its body. Mr. Issi gonis, of Smyrna, who described the operation to the Linnaean Society, said that he had seen natives with six or seven ants' heads holding to gether wounds in the course of healing. A similar observation was made some years ago in Brazil, which fact is interesting from an ethnological .point of view, as showing the independent exist ence of the same custom in countries so far apart as Brazil and Asia Minor. A NEW way to mine sulphur is now being used', ?which lessens the cost of mining very materially and brings up the valuable mineral in a state which renders its reduction into a commercial pro duct much easier. Work is commenced by sink ing a well, about 12in wide, down to the layer of sulphur; a steel tube lOin wide is lowered as the work progresses, and when the yellow mineral is reached a second tube only 6%in in diameter is lowered within the larger one. Hot water is then forced down into the annular space between the twe tubes, and the temperature of the water is kept up to at least 235deg. Fahr. At this tem perature sulphur will be liquefied, and thus be pumped up at the rate of five tons of the mineral per hour, AN encouraging- account ot the position of the disestablished Protestant Church in Ireland is given in the twenty-sixth report of the Represen tative Body, which was submitted to the General Synod this -week. The voluntary Subscriptions for church purposes during the past year amounted to over £176,000, showing an increase of more than £30,000 upon those of 1894. The total of voluntary subscriptions since the disestablishment of the church has reached,' in round figures, nearly £4,700,000. THE English Post Office has achieved another success in the deciphering of strangely addressed letters. The Rev. W. E. Clarke, a missionary, who was one of Robert Louis Stevenson's friends fr?ends in Samoa, has been lecturing in Blackburn, and has received a letter from his native congrega tion addressed 'la Misl^Talatl, o loo i Peritania.' The postal authorities deciphered that this is.Sa icoan tor 'To Mr. Clarke, who is in England,' and the rest was easy. TUNEFUL1 seems the fit adjective to describe the perambulator Just made by Messrs.' Hitching and Wynn for the infant heir of one. of the native Indian Princes. The perambulator will play, as the wEeels go round, all kinds of airs — lullabies when the infant wishes to go to sleep, and mar^ tial strains when it is in a wakeful mood. The machine is, ; in shape, similar to the one supplied for Prince TEdward of York; but, in accordance with Oriental taste, the lining is more gorgeous,, and the wheels and springs are gold-plated. A LARGE electric furnace, devised, by Mr. TTr banitzky for the reduction of iron ores, is descri bed and illustrated In the Zeilschrift fur Electro ccemieJ' The author points out that van electric furnace -is particularly advantageous for the re-, auction of very pure iron, but that heretofore fur naces large enough for the action to be continu \- ous and on a large scale bad not been built. In this instance, the large carbons enter the furnace from, the top and are supported from a disk that can-be revolved around a vertical axis. Five hundred horse power produce about 2201b of pure Iron in twenty-four hours, requiring only one man. The cost Is about 10 cents' a pound of fine steel, the power being obtained from steam. This includes the necessary, rolling machinery for working the steel as well jfe-all other expenses. THE Secretary for War nas.directed that, should, the exlgencles^qf the service permit, facilities wiii be given for Jewish soldiers to observe the follow ing festivals: Passover, March 29 and 30, and April 4 ana 5; Pentecost, May 1? and 19; New Tear, Siep-. tember 8 and 9; .Day of Atonement, ^September 17;' and'TabernaeleS; September 22 and 23, and 29 and 30\. . : ? -???...??..??, ? . . ?? ' ssii'--::y. -. ?' ?' . ;.?.-- DlXEon'a Bonanza Clears, 4 tot M; quality SttUMS*' 