FIELDS OF FAIR RENOWN. \- -- BY JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of "All Men are Liars," "The Story of Andrew Fairfax," &c.; Published by special arrangementf with Messrs Ward Lock 4 Bowden,. Ltd IAI.L snHTs -sraK.VKt) CHAPTER VIII (Continued). Merlin, as I have said, had made up his mind to take up his abode somewhere near Fleet-street or the Strand, but be had no idea where it was, and he had as little idea how to get there. Still, it was only six o'clock in the evening when he arrived at Paddington Station, and he imagined that he should have plenty of time to obtain suitable apartments. He had afewpounds in his pockets, but he determined to be care ful of them; he had been impressed before he came with the terrible condition of a man in London without money. He had a vague idea that he might be able to walk to Fleet-street, and inquire his way thither of passers:by. So, holding his bag firmly, he walked about a hundred yards. Paddington, as every Londoner knows, is by no means the busiest part of the metropolis--indeed, it is somewhat out of the way; but to Merlin the roar and rush was simply intolerable. He had never been to a big town before-indeed, he had never been out of Cornwall; and so, not knowing what else to do, he hurried back to the station again. " What is my best and cheapest way of getting to Fleet-street ?" he asked of a porter. "You can taike a 'bus-the green one that'll be threep'nce-or you cango under ground. I should go underground to-night. It'll be bloomin' cold in a 'bus." "How do I go underground ?" asked Merlin, not knowing what he meant. " Go down that gangway, and you'll get to a ticket office. They'll tell you there. Get a ticket for-but which end of Fleet street do you want to go ?" "I don't know." " Well, you'd betterbook for the Temple ; then you'll be just between Fleet- street and the Strand." Merlin did as he was bid, and a few min utes later found himself on the Under ground Railway It seemed a terribly long journey to the Temple, and the idea of so many stations to be passed was bewilder ing. "Sloane square," " Victoria," " St. James'- park," " Westminster - bridge," "Charing-cross " - ah, "The Temple !" There he was at last. He got out of the train and climbed up the steps, and then paused. On the one side he saw the river, close to which ran an endless procession of cabs; on the other was a narrow street leading up to another great thoroughfare. "Carry yer bag, sir! carry yer bag!" shouted some boys. Filled with the idea of the thievish in stincts of London lads, he crossed the road and stood by the embankment wall. Be neath him were the dark, muddy waters of the river. He was " alone-all, all, alone," and for a moment a feeling of despair pos sessed him. What could he do in a place like London ? Had he not better He set his teeth firmly, and grasped his portmanteau more tightly. A policeman passed him. "Which is my nearest way to Fleet street?" he asked. " Get across and up to Arundel- street," he replied, pointing in that direction. A minute later he found his way past the Arundel Hotel, and up thestreetinto the Strand. An endless stream of cabs and I 'buses passed on, while he stood helpless. Everywhere was a crowd of people, but I none took notice of him, save to give him a I passing glance. A painted, bedizened crea- < ture came up and spoke to him, but with a F shudder he passed away. To whom should he look for assistance ? A man stopped to look in at the win dows of a shop. Merlin went up and ac costed him. "Can you tell me where I am likely to get respectable lodgings?" he asked. The man stared at him. Evidently he was a respectable young countryman, de cently attired and well behaved. " You'd stand a better chance in the sub urbs," he replied, " Lodgings are curious things to get here, unless you go to an 'otel. Still, apoliceman might tell ya." A minute or two later a policeman passed him. He repeated his question. "Lodgin's ?" repeated the policeman, eyeing him keenly; " respectable lodgins ? Where do you come from ?" "I've come from Cornwall to-day." " Ever been 'ere afore ?" " o." " Ah well, it's difficult. I s'oose you are not over-flush with the needful ?" " I want to go to a cheap place." "You'd 'a' done better to ha' stayedup at Paddington, or got out at Victoria and tried at Pimlico, or took a 'bus an' gone over to Battersea." "I want to get a place near Fleet-street or the Strand," said Merlin, remembering his purpose in coming to London. " Well, I knows of a shop just behind the Globe Theatre. There's a Salvation Army captain who's got some rooms over a newspaper shop. That might suit you." " All right," said Merlin; " will you tell me where it is ?" " Oh, I'll go with you," said the good natured fellow. " I don't know as it'll suit you, but if you don't like it you can leave. Besides, it'll give you a chance to look out for another place." "Thanks. Yes, that'll do.r He did not altogether like going among Salvation Army people; but still, as the policeman said, he could change if he did not like it. The policeman led the way up past the Globe Theatre,where the blaze of gaslights lighted up the dark street, passed along two or threedark byways, and then knocked at a doorway by the side of a small paper "Mr Blindy," said the policeman. "Law; Mr Larkins, is that you ? " "Yes. Here's a young man straight from Cornwall. He wants to get respect able lodgin's." "Youaresure he'srespectable?." WVhere upon Mrs Blindy showed herself. " It's an orful come-down for me to take lodgers, Mr Larlmns, and I ain't a-got no sympathy with 'Arry for leavin' a respect able sitooation to go a-slummin'; but 'ee would, and I'vrye been brought down in the world. If 'ee's respectable, Mr Iarkins, he can hey one of the top rooms, or both on "Oh, he's respectable enough. You can see for yourself." Mrs Blindy was a short, podgy woman, with a round, bullet head and muddy-look ing skin. Her clothes were not very clean, neither was her hair very tidy. Merlin could not help comparing the dingy place with the trim little cottage he had left that morning, and as he did so a dull pain seemed to fasten on his heart. "Can I see the rooms you have to let ? " asked Merlin. She led the way upstairs until they reached the garret, tallking all the time about what she had been accustomed to, "afore 'Arry got converted an' took to slummin' for the Awmy." Arrived there, she held a badly- smelling lamp so that he might see the apartments she wished to let. "They are werry nice rooms, Mr Iarkins," she said to the policeman; "not, of course, like I was accustomed to afore 'Arry got converted and brought me down in the world, but still, werry clean and respectable." " What would you expect me to pay for them?" asked Merlin. "This room would be five shillin' a week, or, ifyou tool· em both, :I'd let you he 'em for nine-paid in advance, of course." To Merlin this seemed a very large sum aa4 he was silent. "Say four-and-six for this room, then," she continued, "and eight for the both." " And furniture ? " suggested Merlin. " Oh, I can furnish one room right off. A chair-bed, carpet, washstand, table, and chairs. If you take two, I should require the rooms took a month in advance. " I'll take one room," said Merlin. "I'll r pay you in advance for a week-that is, if when I come back it is anything like decently furnished." He had become more confident by this time, and was able to make terms. " Of course, you'll get your meals out, except your breakfast, and you must pro vide firin'. Eightpence a scuttle is wot I charges for coal; kindlin' wood a penny a bundle." •" I'll get my dinners out," said Merlin; "but I shall want breakfast and tea at home." " Well, I'll agree to that; but it'll be just a-gittin' the tea. There must be no cookin'." " Very well; I should like tea in half-an hour." " Well, if you'll just advance two shillin' for bread and butter and tea, I'll 'ave things beautiful by the time you come back." Merlin went out into the street again, and after thanking the policeman, found his way along the Strand. He did not stay out beyond the half-an-hour. The roaring, rushing life oppressed him; it made him sick. Besides, he had eaten nothing since noon, and he was tired and faint. He passed on by the Gaiety Restau rant and Theatre, and saw the well-dressed, gay people who entered there; then he stood before the Lyceum, where crowds of people surged and struggled to gain a seat that they might hear and see England's most popular actor. Further on he saw an announcement of a play by a man whose name was familiar to him, and to see whose work a struggling crowd waited with their money in their hands. And he had come to conquer this world; he had come determined to win fame and fortune. Well, he had taken the first step. He had taken a room for which he had agreed to pay four-and-sixpence a week, and he possessed pens, ink, writing paper and-brains. He went back and partook of a scanty meal in his dingy garret, and after sitting for a long time in silence, he laid down on the "chair-bed" which Mrs Blindy had provided, and determined that on the morrow he would start to conquer London. CHAPTER IX. CONQUERING LONDON. The next morning Mrs Blindy told Merlin a good deal of her experience, in formed him as to the number of her children and of the state of her liver. In deed, Merlin found before a week was over that the two subjects which Mrs Blindy most delighted in were her prospects in life before " 'Aarry wur converted and went a-slummin' fur the Awmy," and the condition of her liver, the latter being in reserve when the other was exhausted. Having taken him into her confidence, however, and after telling him that two of her "gels was engiged to Awmy officers, and that the youngest and best-lookin' wasn't a-suited yit, she a-bein' so per tikler," she naturally expected that Merlin should return her courtesies, and was not a little disappointed that the young man lid not satisfy her curiosity. She com forted herself, however, with the thought that when she had won his confidence " he'd be glad of a mother," and so kept her temper. After a breakfast of bread and rancid butter, the young man took a parcel of MSS. under his arm, and went out to inter view publishers and editors. I will not try to detail his experiences. His story has harm +n13 t;.,, nit... t;,,,. 7r. . Ftn,, h ravourauly impressea some or ome people whom he went to see, and they looked at him with care. Some..of them thought favourably of his writings, too, but none of them saw fit to accept them. Merlin soon found out that every editor of position had a list of able writers on his staff, whose names were a guarantee that their work would be accepted by the public. More over, he discovered that an editor must find very exceptional merit in an unknown man before he would pay for his contribu tions. During the first three months of his stay in London his success was hardly worth mentioning. He made the most of the two articles which were accepted, how ever, in his letters to Cornwall, and made his father and mother think he had acted wisely in leaving home. At the end of six months he had scarcely advanced a step, while his money had vanished. I think he would have gone home at this time, if he possessed the wherewith to pay his railway fare, but he did not, and was too proud to write telling his friends that he had failed. For this reason, too, he had not told Helen Gran ville that he was destitute; rather he tried to impress upon her the fact that he had placed his foot on the ladder of fame, and would; if they were both patient, climb to the top. Helen wrote him long, cheerful letters, assuring him that she was con stantly thinking about him, while her heart was filled with a great hope that he would succeed beyond his fondest expecta tions. His money came Io an end in the middle of July, and there seemed no probability of his getting more. He scrimped in his living all he could; he had bread-and butter for breakfast, a fourpenny repast at a cheap vegetarian restaurant for dinner, and bread-and-butter for tea. He had, moreover, prevailed on Mrs Blindy to reduce the price of his room to four shill ings. When his last penny was gone he gave up hope. During the weary days of disappointment he had lost much of his glow of spirits, and began to bemoan his fate. He upbraided himself for having such ambitious notions and for seeking the hand of such as Helen, and still he was too proud to let her know of the stats of his finances. " Let's see," said Mrs Blindy one morn ing; " your rent was due yesterday week, Mr Rosevear. I shall be glad ov it at once, if you please. 'Arry ev givedaway his week's money, which is very 'awd for me, who was brought up a lidy, and who ain't a-got no sympathy with sich things as slummin'. Ov course, 'Arry ain't like the common Salvation people; but, as I ses, it's very 'awd on me, who was brought up a lidy." "Mrs Blindy," said Merlin; "my last penny is gone. I hope to get some more in a day or two: but at present-" " Then, Mr oBsevear, you had better go at once. Iknows you've paid me reg'lar, but I ain't a-goin' to spend my time a tendin' you for nothink. rye cut down your rent to four shillin', and 'Arry says there's a youngAwmy capting as'llbe glad to 'ave yer room. 1 ain't a-goin' to be 'awd on you, so you ca' jist go out to.night, and I'll not chawge for the two days' rent." When Mrs Blindy had gone he sat down in. despair. What could he do?. Litera ture had failed him. During the months he had been in London he had earned only a few shillings. Once or twice he had tried to obtain money by manual labour, but he had been unsuccessful He no longer looked stalwart and strong, as he did in the old days. He had a limp, washed-out appearance. His hands were white and thin, his face was haggard and careworn. - Had he possessed five shillings, aye, even a shilling, he would have invested it in papers, and tried to sell them at a profit. By this time he knew London well. He had penetrated its unknown places, and had ascertained how a vast number of people existed in the heart of the city. But hitherto he could not make up his mind to do as they had done. What a blow it would be to Helen Granville to know that her lover occupied such a de grading position as that of selling penny wonders in the streets! That morning, however, he felt that he would do any thing in order to earn enough to buy bread and lay for his lodgings. He put on his hat and went into the Strand. A man passed by him who was burdened with a portmanteau. Perhaps he might be able to earn sixpence by carry. inlug it. He opened his mouth to speak, but the words he wanted to utter would not come. He recognised the man as a farmer I who lived close to his old home. This was E the first person he had seen since he had s come to London who hailed from St. Endor, 3 Under other circumstances the sight of a i familiar face would have given him joy; now it sent a feeling of pain through his heart, and he hurried as fast as he was able in the opposite direction. Still, the incident had started a plan in his mind. Could he not go to one of the great stations, and get a few shillings as a porter? His pride held him back, but a great hunger that was gnawing at the pit of his stomach sent him forward. He walked towards Liverpool-street. Faint and hungry as he was, he hurried as fast as he was able, al though he had scarcely strength to enqble him to get out of the way of a passing cab when crossing Ludgate-circus. Presently he came up to the square in front of St. Paul's Cathedral, and was just turning up the street past the shops, when, seeing the doors of the cathedral open, he entered the building and sat down. A few people knelt by the chaise which were placed close to the altar, others sat and listened to the rich mellow tones of the organ, while many walked- up and down the great buildings and examined the monuments. Outside all was rush and roar and confusion.l ut here was rest. He sat down and listened while the music of the. organ filled the great cathedral In spite of himself he was rested, cheered. He sat about a quarter of an hour, then he remembered that he was close to Paternoster-rowr, and that a month before he had left an article with the editor of a magazine, whose office was situated in this centre of the publishing world. Not that he expected anything from it. He had left articles in many an editor's sanctum, with but very, little success. He wondered why he had not given up. Surely all the editors could not be mistaken; it must be that he had over estimated his powers, and he might as well give up all idea of winning the position for which he had so fondly hoped. But that meant so much. That meant giving up Helen Granville; it meant confessing himself to be a failure; it meant- He dared not think of all it meant. No, he would struggle on; but oh ! it was terrible to struggle on when starvation stared him in the face, and when that very day he had been ordered to leave the roof that covered him. What, oh I what could he do ? He put his hand in his pocket and drew out Helen's last letter. It was full of help ful words, full of assurances of her con tinued love. The tears started to his eyes. " God bless her," he sobbed. " [ should never have held up at all but fbr her." In spite of himself his visit to St. Paul's had done him good. He did not believe much in religious services, and had at tended no place of worship since he had come to London, butthe atmosphere of the historic building had somehow helped him. He determined, too, that he would call on the editor with whom he had left his MS. It would be only a little out of his way in going to Liverpool-street Station. The editor of The Tribune sent word to him that 'he was too busy to see him, and had not been able to examine his story. Would Mr Rtosevear let it stand over a day or two longer, when he would communicate with him at the address written on his MS ? Merlin had difficulty in keeping back his tears as he came down the stairs which led to the editor's room. He had not ex pected much, and yet every disappoint ment in his present state of mind made life darker. It was nows widday,, and he had eaten nothing since the day before.. His' head became dizzy; he staggered, and would have fallen had not a hand upheld him. "What's the matter?" said a cheery voice, with a Scottish accent. " Never say die, old chap !" " I'm not very well," said Merlin, with an effort. "You look dickey. Have you come from the editor of The Tribune ?" " Yes." "I thought so. I've seen you in the Row with a parcel under your arm lots of times. I'm afraid you've had no success." Merlin looked at the young fellow ques tioningly. " Oh, I know all about it," continued the other, " and I said to myself time after time as I saw you, "There's another poor beggar who wants to live by his pen and cannot." "Excuse me, old chap, but are you hard up ?" M?Merlin flushed painfully. " I see how it is," laughedtheother; "it isn't six months ago that I lived for two days on a red herring and a penny loaf. I'm not rich now; but come into this res taurant and we'll have some dinner." " But-but, you- ," stammered Mer lin. " Hang it, old man, I'm an embryo au thor, too, and I know your sort. You'd rather starve than tell anybody you were short of the needful.. You were brought up in the country, and don't know how to get on like Londoners." He was a tall, gaunt young fellow, with high cheek-bones, freckled skin, sandy colored hair, and light blue eyes. By no means handsome, but he possessed a good honest face for all that. A few minutes later they sat at a small, round, iron-topped table, with a plate of hot meat and vegetables before each of them. " Go. in for a jolly good meal," said.the Scotchman, "and whenyou've finished we'll have a talk, if you don't mind." IBoth of them did justice to their food, after which Merlin's companion began to talk about himself. He evidently took this course, not because he wanted to be the subject of the conversation, but be cause he wFnted to make Merlin feel at ease. " I'm a Scotchman," he said; "my home is a few miles from Andrassau. My father has a little farm there, a poor stony affair, from which he finds a difficulty to scrape a living. By the way, have you read Car lyle's career ?" " Yes," replied Merlin. "I My case is a sort of small edition of his. MIy father rianted me to, be a scholar, if not a minister, and I got an entrance into Glasgow University, and kept there in just the same wayas scores of other poor Scotch lads. When I'd taken my degree, .I got a tutorship, but that I couldn't stand; and, havinga taste for.journalism, I wrote,to a chhp whom I knew, and who edits a paper in London, and asked him to accept an article of mine. Strange to say, he did, whereon I, elated beyond measure, came up here, determined to get my living as a knight of the pen. I'vrye had a terrible pull, and I'm hardly through the wood, but I begin to. see the light." " PI'm in the wood:' said Merlin, "and I can't see my way out." "And yet you ought. You .seem . a clear-headed chap. What have you been doing,?" SMerlin told him. " And you've been spending your strength on short things altogether ?" " Yes." "Have you written a long novel yet '" " No." "I'm not sure that isn't a mistake. I'll tell you why. Publishers are glad to get good stuff from anybody, it matters not who. Editors like to get hold of big names." "I see; but that doesn't apply to the newspapers." "No; but nearly all the newspapers who pay their contributors have a regular staff. Besides, excuse me, but have you had a newspaper training in any way ?" S" No." "Do you write shorthand ?" " No." "Have you practised condensing reports of meetings ?" "Ah ! well, that explains a lot. Well, I 4 must be going now. I've an appointment at half-past one. You'll let me lend you five bob, won't you ?" " "Really," said Merlin, "you've already paid. for my dinner, and---" 3 "Oh, you'll pay me back again. The i Scotch side of my brain has been summing you up, with the result that I know I'm making a good investment. This is where I hang oat," and he gave Merlin his card. Don't be afraid to look me up if you have an hour to spare at any time." Merlin read the card: "Fergus Mac Farlane, 32, Onley-street, Bloomsbury." " Let's see ; what's your name, and where are your diggings?" Merlin told him. " Very well; if you don't look me up I shall be on your track. Good-day, and keep your pecker up." "Providence," exclaimed Merlin, when he had left. " If ever a man belied his looks and his nationality it is he." The dinner and the five shillings made him feel a new man, and, instead of going towards'Liverpool-street, he went back to his lodgings. MacFarlane had set him thinking. During the months he had been in London his one idea had been to earn ready money; that had evidently been the wrong course. He would work at the novel he had begun in Cornwall. Perhaps-per haps~ - He. hurried down Ludgate-hill and along Fleet-street. When he., entered his lodgings he found two` letters and'? a-'parcel awaiting lihim.' One of the letters was from Helen Gran ville. By the time he had finished it he was crying like a child. Never until now did he realise her love, her sacrifice, her nobility. The letter seemed to come like cool, pure, healing air, helping and strengthening him. "I am afraid you are not succeeding as you hoped., Merlin [she wrote]. Never mind; the brighter days. are surely com ing. Never did my heart tell me as now that you will overcome allyour difficulties. The great men of London will soon know that you are their equal, if not their supe rior, and then they will eagerly seek you and your work. I am always thinking about you, Merlin, always making plans for us both, always praying for you, always loving you. "Father is as little reconciled to my choice as ever; but I cannot help his anger. Rich or poor, famous or obscure, I am yours, Merlin. I believe in you, my own." "Yes, I can write now," he cried. "I can write that novel. I see-I see ! It's like light from heaven." Helen's letter had inspired him. The. drama which he had long wished to place on paper spread out before the eye of his imagination in rich, glowing colours ! He read her letter again; he drank in her words of cheer, and then without look ing at his other communications, he sat down and for some minutes wrote rapidly. When he rose from the table he had com pleted a rough outline of a novel. . The other letter bore the same postmark, but was in an unknown hand-writing, although he thought he detected something familiar about it. On breaking the seal, he discovered a postal order for twenty shillings, and a slip of paper on which were written the words, "As an encouragement to hone on." .lhis muss sureiy oo irom e?iter ulathe or mother," he thought, "and yet it is not like them to send money in this way; besides the parcel is from them." On opening the parcel he found expres sions of a thoughtful mother's tender care -two pairs of stockings, a tin of Cornish cream, and a huge pasty. He found a letter, too, containing many motherly in quiries - "Are you short of money, Merlin, my dear ? (the letter ran). If you are let me know, and I will- send you a few shillings. I have not sent you any because I was sure yon- wouldlt'mie likow-ifyonu wanted -it. Still, living and lodge is dear in London; and money may be scarce yet. Don't be afraid to ask, my dear boy." "This money can't be from home," mused the young man; " who can have sent it, the" ?" He examined the writing again, and the tears gathered in his eyes. "It's from her," he cried, " and she has sent it in this way because she was afraid of wounding my pride. God bless my Helen!" A few minutes later he had paid Mrs Blindy for another week's rent, and that lady expressed the hope that Mr Rosevear "wouldn't mind what she said, as it was very 'awd for her, who was brought up a lidy, to be short of ready money, because 'Arry 'ad a-joined the Awmy, and spent his money in slummin'." Th Lt night he wrote the introductory chapter of his novel, and felt that at last he had begun to do something that would give him a footing in the world of letters. " It is Helen who has done it." he mused; ",her letter has inspired me." The great question now was to obtain means of livelihood while he finished his novel. He calculated how long he could live on the money he now possessed, and the chances he had of receiving more. There were half-a-dozen stories and articles under consideration by the editors of various papers. ;One or more of these might be accepted and paid for, or perhaps they.might all'be refused. Still, he calculated he liad enough to exist for three weeks after pay ing MacFarlane his loan of five shillings. This was how he reckoned it up: Lsd Cash in hand, including MacFarlane's - Loan ... ... ... ... 1 5 0 Led To be paid to MacFarlane ... 5 0 Three weeke'rent to MrsBlindy 1 20 Three weeks' food ... . 7 0 For washing, paper, ink, &d....; 1 0 15.0 Bat could he manage to live for three weeks on seven shillings? Anyhow, he could try, and it was possible that some of his work might be accepted, or perhaps something would turn up. Anyhow, he determined to devote the next twenty-one days to writing his novel. At the end of three weeks his money was gone, he had lost several pounds of flesh, he was as pale as a ghost, and had written three hundred odd pages of his novel. Reckoning each page to contain two hundred words, he calculated that he had written over sixty thousand words. How he had managed to exist was a miracle; but although he was weak and ill he had so far survived the ordeal. He was alive, he was free from debt, but he was penni less. What to do he did not know. He had received letters from Helen which helped him more than he could say; but no further doss ar machina appeared in the shape of a further postal order. He was too proud to ask Mrs Blindy to trust him, too proud to write to Helen for help ; indeed he did not possess enough money to buy a postage stamp. He tried to forget his poverty and hunger in work ; but by-and- by he had to give up. He took his last crust of bread, and washed it down with a cup of water; then he walked out.into the Strand. .The same rushiig tide of life swept by. The roar of the great city sounded in his ears-the city he had come to conquer. So far he had failed; but, faint and penniless as he was, he determined to be victor even yet. He was sure that the novel he was writing would be accepted-when finished; but should he be able to finish it? He turned down Fleet-street, and walked on until he came to a restaurant where he was told literary men congregated. He looked in at the open door; then a great darkness seemed to arise up before him. But in the midst of the darkness was a face, a face that he recognised. Then the darkness passed away, and the objects around him became clear again. He felt some one grasping his hand, and heard a cheery voice saying, " Merlin Rosevear, can this be you?" It was Vivian Gregory who spoke to him. (To be Coninued,) Fý 74 