NOTES AND COMMENTS. ? ♦ ? An Apotheosis of Thersites. Mr. J. C. Neild is a great poet. He proved that by about three hours' talk at a late extraordi nary meeting convened in the City of Sydney for that purpose. He was, as usual, prepared for seven, four teen, or twenty-one hours of ' jawbone ' effort if necessary, but the audience received abundance of light and consolation in the three hours. It expressed itself as satisfied and contented, and, before separating, re corded its warm approval that J. C, whom ail the gods and graces have elevated to a high place among the ' Immortals,' should not be permitted to be treated as a creature of ordinary, vulgar flesh and blood by a' badly-clad crowd of unpoetic, soulless, unim passioned critics. It was a pity, though, that this marvellously-gifted genius should have permitted the extremely mundane passion of anger to hold dominion over him, even for a brief period of time. Such a moment of weakness gladdens the withered heart of the profane, and offers a glut of commodities in the market of the scoffer and the satirist. J. C. Neild, the poet, sitting beside Homer, Virgil, Dryden, Milton, Shakespeare, and Dante, might well have afforded to cast down a look of pity on the hapless critics, creatures of a day, whose names will be forgotten long before their funeral expenses will be paid. Materially minded people, too, remarked that Mr. Neild didn't 'look' like a poet at the lecture ; that, in fact, his appearance was far more suggestive of a gentleman that would have sole charge of the ' chuckhim out' department in a low ' pub.' They looked in vain, they say, for that Radiance streaming from within, which, according to all expectations, should have Around his face and forehead beamed ; but the only radiance or beams they could discover were caused not by ' poetic fire ' in the soul of Neild, but by the gas jets. We ourselves feel compelled to say that the meeting itself was not in accordance with the best traditions of despised, outraged, or neglected genius. According to all rules of high poetical behaviour, Mr. Neild should have avenged himself on the worthless critics and on a dull, brutal world by pining away, and entering a premature grave. Over the cold marble that held his ashes he could then have inscribed the caustic, biting lines — Farewell., mankind, ye stony- hearted host, Flint-bosomed earth, and sun with frozen ray, From out amidst you. Solitary ghost, I glide unsoon away. V At the H.A.C.B. Society's Tho Breakfast on last Sunday, His Cardinal Eminence the Cardinal put his and. tno r ,, , ? Labour finger on the sore spot in our Question, social system when he declared that Capital should be the handmaid of Labour, and that employers, instead of tyrannising over their workmen, should, in reality, labour to serve them, and to advance their interests as men endowed, not alone with hands to ton1 and backs to bear burdens, but also with mind and soul, with sympathies, hopes and feelings. As long as workmen are regarded as mechanical contrivances for the accumulation of capital, we are standing on the brink of a social volcano. To make wealth the arbiter of men's destinies, to direct society solely in the interests of gold, is to outrageously subvert the laws of God and nature, and is to invite swift and speedy destruction on the rotten systems of life that such foolish proceedings call into hateful existence. These truths should be shouted from the house-tops. A single workman is superior to all the capital on earth, and, consequently, to all the luxury and bloated ease and vulgar splendour that capital can command. Place the funda mental truth of Christianity beside the actual state of things, and what an appalling con trast ! We find those soulless, impersonal things called syndicates keeping in motion complicated systems of machinery, involving a large amount of human labour, and the men and women supplying that labour are of less interest to the members of the syndi cate than are the wheels, cogs and pulleys of the steel and iron machinery. They care not how they live, how the)'' are housed and clothed, or what is the moral atmosphere that they breathe. If they attend punctu ally daily at their routine work, they pay them as little wages as they can. If, some morning, any of them is sick or dead, no enquiries are made. Another 'hand' is taken on, the engines puff, the wheels turn and the work proceeds. Yet the labouring classes are accused of being discontented. We should think they might. Labouring men have the perfect right to be content with nothing less than the Christian ideal in society. The Cardinal, by his remarks on Sunday, showed how perfectly he is in accord with the Holy Father in the social question, and his plain speaking is worthy of imita tion by all our bishops and priests. Religion supplies a remedy for all social evils ; let us not hesitate to preach it. * In Henri Murger's celebrated ?onvi °_+a work, the ' Bohemians of the x- cinque us. r t' r\ i. »- i. 1 i Latin Quarter, we are told that the landlord of the four characteristic Bohemians was once within measurable distance of obtaining his rent, but that unfortunately he entered to seize it at a time when they not only had some money, but also abundance of wine and cheer, and the proffered temptation to join them in Bac chanalian revel was so strong that the unhappy man succumbed to it, and so lost his last chance of obtaining what he had so long sought in vain. In Scripture, too, often is the folly of too much wine and excess in feasting pointed out. For a mess of pottage Esau permitted his birthright to be seized on by another, and the Israelites were tempted by the remembrance of the leeks and onions of Egypt to return into vile slavery. It was in the midst of high revels, also, that Baltassar heard the sentence of his own and his people's doom, and at another banquet that Herod yielded so foolishly to the blandishments of an empty headed girl as to consent to the murder of St. John the Baptist. Profane history is likewise filled with instances of insanity, crime, and guilt, directly traceable to the sparkling of wines and the savoury odour of highly-spiced dishes. We are not surprised, therefore, to find that Mr. Reid, in his ill advised, meaningless country expedition, fell a victim to plates and dishes, and that amidst a daily repetition of champagne, roast turkey, and addresses, his political reputation entirely disappeared. In exact proportion to the square root of the amount and variety of the things consumed, his mind became clouded and his judgment perverted, and he professed on sundry occasions that he was ready to become a socialist, protectionist, or anything that they pleased, ' consistent,' as he always added, ' with my fiscal principles.' His unhappy fate ought to be a warning to politicians in this colony for all time. As they value their monthly cheques and the sweets of office, let them swear against the banquetting seduction. Abstemiousness should be their watchword, their motto. They should eat seldom and sparingly, and drink wine seldom and more sparingly still, and always alone. . _, __ The question, ' Are the Land tovSvOlI &nd; Income Taxes constitu Debts. tional ? though, perhaps, mooted in a spirit of pleasan try, is not without its serious side. What is ; to hinder the wealthy landowners and the big-salaried citizens from referring the matter to the Supreme Courts of the colony, and then to the Privy Council ? By advancing sufficient money to the lawyers the investi gation of the technical difficulty could be extended, if necessary, over twenty years. In one-fourth of that time, of course, Mr. Reid would be politically dead and buried, as, while the question would be sub judice, no one would be bound to pay their new taxation liabilities. Without money he could not govern, and consistently with his ' fiscal' principles he could not raise revenue from the one source open to him — through Customs duties. He would, consequently, be compelled to retire. In the political confusion arising from the want of revenue the people might easily again accept a Protectionist policy, and the big landowners would have achieved a triumphant success. Nor need they have any fear that such a model political warfare would eventually recoil on themselves, that the aroused and angered spirit of the democracy would pay them back when it got the opportunity with compound interest. None knows what the future may bring, and before twenty years had elapsed, the time that we allow them for debating the legality of the land and income taxes, a war may have broken out, one-man. one-vote may have disappeared, and society, such of it as remained, may have reverted to the old custom of permitting itself to be driven by any strong, wealth}' man that would undertake the risk and trouble. To stultify the recent, fiscal legislation, to crush Reid, to paralyse Parliament, and to divert socialism, ought now to be the aim of the propertied classes, and they can accomplish it easily by generously supporting the lawyers in determining the legality of late taxation schemes. _ . . n Mr. Lyne bitterly complained andP on last Saturday night of the Bottles, crowd of Protectionists that have been lately ' eating, drinking, and making merry ' with Mr. Reid away up North. The Opposition leader warns them either to give up this kind of hob-nobbing or turn over at once to the Freetrade ranks. Unfortunately, this is what they are not prepared to do. To get rid of hike-warm supporters has ever been the great difficulty of political leaders, and that these gentlemen are now drinking Freetrade champagne won't prevent them — Mr. Lyne's advice to the contrary, notwithstanding — from assisting at the uncorking of Protec tionist bottles later on, when a Protectionist Ministry will be hawking political blessings over the land. Mr. Lyne is too exacting if he demands that the 'fiscal principles ' of his followers are to keep them away from the society of anyone who directly or indirectly can bring them good cheer. Lately, to be with Mr. Reid, spelt three banquets daily, and the great privilege of making thirty speeches, if one felt so inclined ; and what principles would be strong enough to induce any politician to foreswear such a consum mation of earthly felicity ? *** T % For accurate knowledge of Catholics. tnenr rights as citizens, and for the ability and determination to defend them against all opposition, the Catholics of Canada rank second only to the splendid Catholic laity of Germany. Our Canadian co-religionists have not the re motest idea of tamely sitting down and permitting rampant Freemasonry or intoler ant sectarianism to play ducks and drakes with their Catholic principles. They are not going, therefore, to permit their being taxed to support irreligious schools that they can not use. And in the honourable resistance that they are offering to the mischievous attempt to impose this injustice on them they are giving an object lesson to the world. # _ .. We have an extremely sensi no? ble Member of Parliament in Omnipotent. ^e Pf8On of Mr; Asl}t(f- He- like the average legislator, and the ordinary free and independent voter, at one time believed in the omnipotence of Parliament. Many men go down to the ' grave under the same fatal delusion. Not so with Mr. Ashton. He has not proved absolutely impervious to the force of facts, and he has hastened to record his new and praiseworthy convictions that Parliament is an institution extremely limited in its powers and sphere of useful activity. The people, he declares — and it has something of the ring of a platitude about it — must help themselves, and, if they neglect this first law of charity, it is no use in their turning for succour and assistance to the gentlemen who talk so freely and glibly in Macquarie-street. M. . Mr. Carruthers left Sydney, on whoare* one of those now common Men. Ministerial flights through space, with a resolute deter mination, born of weariness and disgust with his own and his colleagues' past, to abhor the banquetting hall. Alas for human constancy ! He fell once more a ready victim to roast beef and turkey on the first temptation that he had to encounter at Hay. Having banquetted, he should, of course, pay the penalty of his folly and make a speech. In the course of the political dis course he made an extraordinary claim why he and his Party, should meet with the everlasting gratitude of posted ty. They have succeeded, he says, in rendering it impossible for the Opposition to maintain that they are not 'men.' 'Whether the Protectionists,' orated he, 'believed in them or not 'politically,' yet they must believe in them as- ' wen.'' We never heard that Protectionists or any one else imagined, except metaphorically, that they belonged to the opposite sex. As will be seen by our advertising- columns, a grand social, organised by the Catholics of Mount Carmel, in aid of the church debt, will be held at the Paddington Town Hall on Wednesday night, April 29\. A large committee has been formed to carry out all arrangements, and preliminary meetings, pre sided over by the Eev. Father Collins, parish priest, at which most gratifying progress Avas reported, were held at the presbytery. Desirous to lig-hten the burden on themselves and their pastor, the Mount Carmel people have taken the matter up with an earnestness and enthusiasm that bespeaks success. Mr. J. R. Dacey, M.P., has been appointed president, and on the committee are the following : — Mrs. J. Flynn and Mrs. G. Gordon (hon. treasurers), Mrs. W. Pugsley and Mrs. J. Doody (hon. secre taries), Mrs. Domiellan, Mrs. Navin, Mrs. Lafuird, Miss Byrne, Miss G-. Byrne, Miss Maloney, Miss Navin, Miss Madden, Miss Dwyer, Miss Holland, Mrs. Spellaine, Miss Hyman, etc. The committee have generously donated upwards of ,£30 towards the expenses. Special donations have also been received from members of the committee and others, which will be gratefully acknowledged in a future report. Everything points to a most enjoy able and successful gathering. Already over 700 tickets have been disposed of, and what with the widespread interest awakened by the untiring efforts of the promoters, the cordial co-operation of Avell known friends, the magnetic attractions of the proverbially beautiful hall, first-class music, and catering in trustworthy hands, the committee are sanguine that the fashionable groups Avill be Pad dington bound on the night in question, and such patronage will be looked forward to as will make the entertainment a record one amongst the social events of the season. 