? Itaptisin. TO TUB KDITOtt. . *;' ? . .„ i— '. ;? ' ft Slr.^Wm. Covnntry. tolls me I,ah,QUld! do woll to.tako a wrinkle from 'John Knox ' and brush away tho cobwebs. I put It to your readers aa to whether or not I bgrosbed away the cobweb « that unless wo ato Ira raorscil we cannot bo saved,.' Thetis; ' dip pers 'are not fond of the 'gooil.«lmplo old Bngllih word ' dip ' j thoj prefer iho word of Latin origin,' immerse,' nnd if they could havo their way they would substitute -such for ' baptism,' tho rarlptural word, In Its scriptural adaptation, not being . exclusive enough for their theories. W. O, taunts me with shirking Mutt. Ill,, 10, and Acts vlll , 87, bis proof texts fur Immersion— ' And Jesus, .when He was baptised wont up straightway out of Ihe watcr,ond lo, tho heavens woro opened and ho satv the Spirit of Ood descending like a dove 'and lighting upon him '; 'And thoy went both down Into Ilio water, both Philip nnd tho eunuch, anil ho baptised ' him, and when they wero come up out of the water the Spirit of the Lonl cangbt.^nway Philip;' otc.; Wj C; cannot prove from thoso texts citlio'r (bat Christ was dipped or that 'the Ethiopian eunuch was i.Upped, AnoUior text of which /ho 'dlpncra' aro fofnl- is Jdbn 111!/ 2 i, 'And J ,hn also Wn«. .l)jptUlnghln:^!o6n'fiiearatn/JJalliii; because there wns much' Wntorlfiero : and they came and were baptised,' If your, readers will read tfie Hired iolldwing'vcrtUVrid [hen turn to Numbers xlx ,17-ltl^ thoy will thcrosco the roison wby.the fountains ^of. water were chosen by John, and why') also, he used the ford of llctlmbarn. It was essential that the purifier, the cleanser,' the baptiser, should use running or living water and sprlukle the unclein/ Wo liaveno'rcaYor-'ior hollovlng that John's baptism. wag anything more than this, or why'thls baptist 'dispute mentioned In the voraes reforred to-,'; -V. C. U rather amused at my quoting' Heb. ix., to eliow that the apostles were'arqiialuted with divers bnptfsms, nnd consequently there win no noed for dipping, and eaptcially of the Inde cent dipping, ns tcstiflid byanclent authority. Will lie prpvo that tbne,dfvcrs.washings are not baptisms.' . . , W. 0. tries to spin another cobweb in connection with Appolos and the Christians at Euhcsua,and ii evidently please.1 to think he lias caught me trlpplug, and shows that when l'.iul went to Ephesus Appolos was at Corinth. Well, let him be thankful for small points ; bnt If your readers will be at the trouble to turn to A'cls xviii., and rend from verse 21, Including Acts xlx. to verse 7, I think they will perceive that it waa not themw/r of using tho water that was the essential of Christian baptism, but the niiuir which every Christian minister uses when lie initiates a subject, .sayiug, '1 baptise Him Into the nnmcol the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' And so another of W.C.'s cubtvubs .they will ? perceive to be brushed away. I tuld your rcadcis that the mie baptism, rhamcly,tliotof'llio' Holy Ghost, which all the Churches hcUuve in, . was ..nut the ii/tc baptism of these dipping brethren. ,\r-, .then, Qitakcrs. . knd ? rJalvatlnnists .wltbout 'jriny'sntlsfiitory hbf o In1 'the gos pel,' seeing that 'they believe in no other baptisin 1 ? ? VV. O. says that it was necessary, before ihe Holy Ghost could bn received that the b.-lievers. should bu baptised. No doubt it was for. the boliovers at Ephciiis (xix. Acts); but what abimt Cornelius.' Ho wants one clear case of the baptism of tho Holy 0 host. John Baptists^''. ' He (Clul.l) shall bap tise you with the Holy Ulust and with fire ' (Malt. Hi., 2). Christ says, ' For John truly baptised with water, but ye shall be bap tised with the i Huh- Ohoat not many days hence ' (Acts I., 5). fetor say*, ' And as I began to apeak thu duly Ob-jit full on them as on us at the beginning ; then, remembered I the worl of the Lord, how that ho Bald, John Indeed baptised with water, but ye shall bo baptised with the Holy Ghost' (Acts xl., 15, 10). No wonder that when ho -him- self beheld the marvel ho should.my (Acts x, tf), 'Cnn any man forbid water that these should not bo baptised which have re ceivnl the Holy Ghost as well as we,' and In witnessing fur Christ on the dny of Pente cost he quotes Joel's prophecy as being ful Illlul, ' And It shall como to pass,, saith Uod, that I wlllywni- out of my Spirit upon all llesli,' etc. (Acts II., 17). So that wo have liora n, sufficiency of evidence, nnd S3 far it is ngnlnst dipping. I think your: readers 'will accept theso as clear cases. ??-,,.?.-. v- .. .. ? 'As'reganl's 'Infant biptlsm,'||t .will ho time enough to cntor upon that subject when we have settled the qucs Inn as to whether it is c-«enllal to iny unlvatlon that ,1- should be dipped or not. Until tint If done I en dorse iho.bnptiam that I unfonsciqusly re ei'lvcil when an lufant fioru the hands of n minister of the ' '' - '' '''' '' ;-,«!' v. , ?! ,CllUJ10UOrtl?SOiASO... 