Sunshine at Last. CONAP1aR X.--oabinued. Tt woved her strangely, ,this agony, this humiliation. She had loved him once, .in days so far away now that .thley seemed at the end of a long vista of years to her-in days when he was so brillianb and winning, his life opening with a fair promise. Then he was nob the dishonored gentleman who cried to her to scorn him. SHush I' she said, under her breath. ' I cannot bear much more- not to-night. Though you have done me a deadly wrong, I may not curse you. I-I will try to for give.' She bent -down her head, and the clear sad voice trembled. The next moment she had mastered herself, and went on: ' I do not know if now my words may have any weight with you-if my entreaty may touch your heart and wake again a spark of some thing nobler that lived once in Rex Verner.' Again she paused, and then added,. almost abruptly: ' What are you going to do with the life and liberty that you may win 7? He drew back a step, growing ashy pale, looking at her with half-fearful, half per plexed gaze. She met it without a droop of her steadfast eyes SAre you going to live the rest of your life as a gambler and a thief -a man who dares not lift his eyes to meet the gaze of the poorest who walks God's earth in honor ? Is a prison-it may be, a shameful death- to be the end of a life begun with many a brave resolve ?' ' Ah I' he said, drawing his breath and turning aside, ' that was when you were my good angel. It's too late now to talk of turning back. I might, perhaps, if you were ' always at my side to remind me to turn over a new' leaf,' he went on, with the cynical "recklessness and half sneer that'inight have been in part to cover emotion to which be Swould not yield himself. 'I should promise to day and. sin to morrow. A man can't break all in a minute from old associates and habits, A kind word from you, Clare, six months ago might have led 'me more easily than an hours preaching now.' The tone, the words, the look, stung and wounded the girl's proud, tortured heart with a fiercer, sharper sting than any knowledge of-his crime or his life had given her. It .showed him so hardened, so reckless, so utterly fallen. She lifted a face from which all pity, all .-soft memory had died out -a steady scorn, a proud, cold contempt in their place. ' Weak, pitiful, sunk in dishonor, loving shame and disgrace,' she said, the words * dropping slowly from the stern lips, 'you stand in my power, and yet dare to taunt me that I would not forget my honor, my duty as a wife 1 You asked me to pour scorn on you-anything but cold pity; be satisfied. You are worthy of nothing but scorn. In this heart that is all that -lives 'for you. I have lived to thank Heaven that A ms t o bp * witfe of Rux Varer 1' She drew her mantle around hec to go once more, and once more Rex sprang for ward a step. SClare, nob-not your scorn ! Think-' 'Be silent I' she said, with a sharp, fiorce passion that startled and awed him. ' I have given you the boon you' craved.' He heard, as in a dream, the ghostly rustle of her robe, the light step crumbling the loose soil as she trod that darksome passage back. to the upper air-alone, unguarded. Could he. bear this scathing scorn He seemed irresolute-an impulse came to himu to follow her, to throw himself at her feet, to give up the precious wealth he carried even ijow-an impulse born I of ephemeral remorse. -le stopped and wavered. Suddenly there came over'him a sickening sense of the dullness of dreary days without excitemenb, of hard steady struggle back to a nobler life. A cynical sneer came to his lips 'I never was meant for the good boy of the play,' he said, turning back ; ' I leave that for the noble gentleman, Lionel Stanhope.' And Clare, with quick', reckless steps, went on climbing the rocky path, and then across the damp grass, under the moaning trees. .The wind was rising, and the waves more violently surging and dashing thbm. selves against the cliffs. She reached the postern door, and regained the shelter of the Castle. The autumn mistwasolinging toher mantle and her golden hair. Almost the.chill of death seemed to close icily round her heart, and yet the 'blcd. leaped like' fire, through her veins. . She went back to the room she had left.a short two hours before. How desolate it looked I , The fire was almost dying in the grate, a lamp burned faintly on the table, throwing.into dim relief statues and pedestals,' ghost-like and weird looking in the half light, And Olare crouched over the,fire and shivered, roocking herself, back ward and forwards, with wide open eyes full of a new, sad, painful experience. 