WHEN THE WORLD ' WAS YOUNGER. • A TALE OP MERRY ENGLAND. Br MISS BRADDON, Author of "Ishmael," "Dead Men's Shoes, "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyllard's Weird," "Phantom Portune," "Liie and Unlike." R'.p - [Published by special arrangement: with the author; AH rights reserved.] Chapter XXII.—At the Manor Moat. Solid, grave, and sober, grey with a quarter of a century's neglect, tho Manor House, in the valley below Brill, differed in every detail from the historical Chilton Abbey. It was a moated manor house, the typical house of fcha typical English squire, an E-sliaped house with a capacious roof that lodged all the household servants and clustered chimney stacks that accommodated_ a great company of swallows. It had been built in the reign of Henry VII. and was about coeval with its distinguished neighbor, the house of the Verneys, at Middle Claydon, and it had never served any other purpose than to shelter Englishmen of good repute in the land. Souvenirs of Bos worth field—a pair of huge jack-boot, a two- handed sword, and a battered helmet hung over the chimney-piece in the low- ceiled hall, but the end of the civil war was but a memory when tiie Manor House was built. After Bosworth a slumberous peace had fallen on the land, and m the stillness of this secluded valley, sheltered from every bleak wind by surrounding hills and woods, the gardens of the Manor Moat had grown into a settled beauty that made the chief attraction of acountry seat which boasted so little of architectural dignity or of expensive fantasy in moulded brick and carved stone. Plain, sombre, with brick walls and heavy stone mullions to lower-biowed windows, the Manor House stood in the midst of gardens such as the modern millionaire may long for but which only the grey old gardener Time can create. _ There was more than a mile of yew hedge, eight feet high and three feet broad, walling in flower garden and physic garden, the latter the special care of the house-mothers of previous generations, the former a paradise of those old flowers which bloom and breathe sweet odors in the pages of Shakespeare and jewel the verse of Milton. Thefritellary here opened its dusky spotted petals to drink tho dews of May ; and here, against a wall of darkest green, daffodils bloomed unruffled by •March winds. Verily a garden of gardens; but-when Angela came there in the chill February there were no flowers to welcome her, only the long, straight walks between those walls of yew and thedark shining waters of the moat and the fish pond, reflecting the winter sun; and over all the scene a quiet as of the grave. ' A little colony of old servants had been left in the house, which had escaped confiscation, albeit the property of a notorious Malignant, perhaps chiefly on account of its insignificance, the bulk of the estate having been sold by Sir John in '44, when the king's condition was waxing desperate and money was worth twice its value to those who clung to hope and were ready to sacrifice their last jacobus in the royal cause. The poor little property, shrunk to a home-farm of 90 acres, a humble home stead, and the Manor House may have been thought hardly worth selling; or Sir John's rights may have been respected out of regard for his son-in-law, who on the maternal side had kindred in high places under the Common wealth, a fact of which Hyacinth occasionally reminded her husband, telling him that he was by hereditary instinct a rebel and a king slayer. The farm had been taken to by Sir John's steward, a man who in politics was of the same easy temper as the Vicar of Bray in religion and who was a staunch Cromwellian so long as Oliver or Richard sat at Whitehall, or would have tossed up his cap and cheered, for Monk as Captain-General of Great Britain had he been called upon to till his fields and rear his stock under a military despotism. It mattered little to any man li ving at ease in a fta Buckinghamshire valley what king or common wealth ruled in Lohdon so long as there was a ready market at A^Jesbury or Thame for all the farm could produce and civil war planted neither drake nor culverin on Brill HilL The old servants had vegetated as best they might in the old house, their wage of tho scantiest; but to live and die within familiar walls was better than to fare through a world which had no need of them. The younger members of the household had scattered and found new homes, but the grey-haired cook was still in her kitchen ; the old butler still wept over his pantry, where a dozen or so of spoons and one battered tankard of Heriofs make were all that remained of that store of gold and silver which had been his pride forty years ago, when Charles was bringing home his fair French bride, and old Thames at London was alight with fireworks and torches, and alive with music and singing as the city welcomed its young queen, and when Reuben Holden was a lad in the pantry learning to polish a salver or a goblet, and sorely hectored by his unele and butler. Reuben and Marjory, the old cook, famous in her day as any cordon-blue, were the sole re presentative of the once-respectable household; but a couple of stout wenches had been hired from the cluster of laborers' hovels that called itself,a village, and these had been made to "flrudge as they had never drudged before in the few days of warning which prepared Reuben for his master's return. Fires had been lighted in rooms where mould and mildrew had long prevailed; wainscots had been scrubbed and polished till the whole house reeked of beeswax and turpentine to a degree that almost overpowered those per vading odors of damp and dry rot which can curiously exist together. The old furni ture had been made as bright as faded fabrics and worm-eaten wood could be made by labor; and the leaping light of blazing logs reflected on the black oak pannelling gave a transient air of cheerfulness to the spacious dining parlor where Sir John and his daughter took their first meal in the old home. And if to Angela's eye, accustomed to the Italian lofti ness of the noble mansions on the Thames, the broad oak crossbeams seemed coming down upon her head there was at least an air of homely snugnes3 in the low darkly-colored room. At that first evening there had been much to interest and engage her. .She had the old house to explore and dim childish memories to recall. Here was the room where her mother died, the room in which she herself had first seen the light—perhaps not until a mouth or so after ner 'birth, since the seventeenth century baby was not flung open-eyed into her birtbday _ sunshine, but was swaddled and muffled in a dismal apprenticeship to life. The chamber had been hung with "blacks" for a twelve-month, Reuben told her, as he escorted her over the house-and unlocked the doors of disused rooms. The tall bedstead, with its red and yellow stamped velvet_ curtains and carved ebony posts, looked like an Indian temple. One might expect to see Buddha squatting on the embroidered counterpane—the work of half a lifetime. When the curtains were drawn back a huge moth flew out of the darkness and spun and wheeled round the room with an awful humming noise and to the superstitious mind might have suggested a human soul em bodied in this phantasmal greyness, with power of sound in such excess of its bulk. 'j Sir John never used the room after her ladyship's death," Reuben explained, "though it's the best bed-chamber. He has always slept in the blue room, which is at the furthest end of the gallery from the room that has been ' prepared for madam. We call that the garden room and it is mighty pretty in summer." In summer ? How far it seemed to summer time in Angela's thoughts. What a long gulf of nothingness to be bridged over; what adull level plain to cross before June and the roses could come round again, bringing with them the memory of last summer and the days she had lived under the same roof with Fareham, and the evenings when they had sat in the same room or loitered ou the terrace, pausing now and then beside an Italian vase of gaudy flowers to look at this or that, or to watch the mob on the river; and those rare golden days like those at Sayes Court, which she had spent in some excursion with Fareham and Henriette. " I hope madam likes the chamber we have prepared for her ?' the old man said, as she stood dreaming. "Yes, my good friend, it is very comfortable. My woman complained of the smoky chimney in her chamber; but no doubt we shall mon'd that by-and-bye." "It would be strange if a gentlewoman's servant didn't find something to grumble about," said Reuben; " they have ever less work to do than anyone else in the house and ever make more fuss than their mis tresses. I'll settle the hussy, with madam's leave. "Nay, pray, Mr. Reuben, no harshness. She is a willing kind-hearted girl, and we shall find plenty of work for her in this big house where there are so few servants." " Oh, there's work enough for sure if she'll do it and is no fine city madam that will scream at sight of a mouse, belike." "She is a girl I had out of Oxfordshire." "Oh, if she comes out of Oxfordshire, from his lordship's estate, I dare swear she is a good girl. I hate your London trash; and I think the great fire would have been a blessing in disguise if it had swept away most of such trumpery." "Oh, sir, if a Romanist were to say as much as that," said Angela, laughing. "Oh, madam, I am not one of they fools that say because half London was burnt the papishcs must have set it ou fire. What good would the burning of it do 'em, poor souls ? And now they are to pay double taxes, as if it was a sure thing their faggots kindled the blaze. I know how kind and sweet a soul a papish may be, though she do worship idols ; for I had the honor to serve your ladyship]s mother from the hour she first entered this house till the day I smuggled the French priest by the back stairs to carry her the holy oils. Ah, she was a noble and a lovely lady. Madam's eyes are of her color; and, indeed, madam favors her mother more than my Lady Fareham does." "Have you seen Lady Fareham of late years V' "Ay, madam, she came here in her coach and six the summer before the pestilence, with her two beautiful children and a party of ladies and gentlemen. They rode here from his Grace of Buckingham's new mansion by the Thames—Cheefden, 1 think they call it; and they do say his grace do so lavish and squander money in the building of it that belike he will be ruined and dead before his palaco be finished. There were three coaches full with servants and what not. And they brought wine and capons ready dressed, and confectionery, and I helped to serve a collation for them in the garden. And after they had feasted merrily, with a vast quantity of spark ling French wine, they all rushed through the house like madcaps, laughing and chattering, regular French magpies, for there was more of 'em French than English, her ladyship leading them, till she comes to the door of this room and finds it locked, and she begins to thump upon the panels like a spoilt child, and calls ' Reuben, .Reuben, what is your mystery 1 Sure this must be tho ghost chamber, open, open, instantly'.' And I answered her quietly, "'Tis the chamber where that sweet angel,_ your ladyship's mother, lay in state, and it has never been open to strangers since she died.' And all in tne midst of her mirth the dear young lady burst out weeping, and cried, "My sweet, sweet mother ! _'I remember the last smile she gave me as if it was yester day.' And then she dropped on her knees and crossed herself, and whispered a prayer with her face close against the door; and I knew that she was praying for her lady mother, as the way of your religion is, madam, to pray for the dead; and sure, though it is a simple thing, it can do them no harm, and to my thinking^ when all the foolishness is taken out of rehgion the warmth and the comfort seem to go too; for I know I never used to feel a bit more comfortable after a two hours' sermon when I was an Anabaptist." " Are you not an Anabaptist now, Reuben ?' "Lord forbid, madam. I have been a member of the Church of England ever since his Majesty's restoration brought the "Vicar to his own again and gave us back Christmas Day, and the organ, and the singing-boys." (To be continued,.) 