HORSERACINGv BY WAXY. ' Weights for tho Queensland Cup and Sand, gate Handicap, to bo run at tho Q.T.O. Decombor mooting, wore declared on Tuesday. The handicaps are flattering again, and there ecoms no " weighty " reason whv nil tho horsoa nominated should not faco tho burrlor. Everything appears to havo a ohauee, but tho pnblio seem to havo spotted Blook Harry as tho winner of tho double. If his running at tho late Spring mooting was his truo form. I10 has not tho ghost of a show at the weights, but I10 was probably far from woll during tho throo days, and ran unbacked, though thoro wus u great run ou him for tho Queensland Cup und Snndgato Handicap double oven boforo the nominations olosod, und at tho prioo of a straight-out shot for 0110 ovont. He 18 snid to 1)0 "na good as Trance," but this of coureo is a question wo cannot ansivor in tho presont state of our knowledge ; but if ho is within 7 lbs. us good as that notorious mure, ho has a pretty soft thing on. With tho oxo-pticn of Battalion, Black Hurry, Avonuo. and Tridontate, none of tlio dozon in tho Cup havo negotiated two iniica successfully, though for somo reason or other Clytho nnd Premier aro counted stayers by tho publio. Czarina, Freedom. Cheok- mate, Narcissus, Zingaru, and Cap-a-pio are aupposed to havo a soft spot somowhero. , But tho notion of Freedom winning a niilo and » half race was scouted until his number went up us tlio winner of the Prineo of Wales's Cup; and it is likely onough wo inuy all ho mistaken in tho opinion that tho rest of tho lmlf-'dozon named cannot get half-a-milo furthor. ' Clytho will, it ia said, be an absentee, and Naroissus and Capu-a-Pio may npt start for tho 2 milo race, and ponding tho declaration of forfeit, 011 Tuesday noxt, the host in eoem to ho Premier, Zingnra, and Avonuo.' Tho latter bus rccoived a big concession, his weight boing 9 lbs. less than in the Princo of Wales Cup; and he is just the ..horse to benefit by lifting tiio burden, for lie is said to bo not a woight-ourrior— 7 lbs. or 8 lbs. boing more to him than twico tho weight off muuy other horses. But wo shall have more to say about probabilities next weok. With tho cxeoption of tlio two-your-old handicaps, tho minor races ut the coming Q.T.O. December meeting filled very , well 011 Tuosduy lust ; IS for tlio Triul Handicap, 5 for tho Doucustor Handicap, 16 for Qualify ing Handicap, 6 for tho Soiling Stakes, and 16\. for tho December Handicap. O11 tho second day tho ontries uro bettor still : City Haudicmi, 21 ; Heavyweight Handicap, 15 ; Final Hiindiciip, 23 ; uud two-year-old Harborough Plate, 3 ; a total of 148 for nine racos,' or an average of nearly 17 per moo. It ia significant that only fivo tivo-year-olds aro nominated for tho juvouilo. handicaps, and that of the fivo two aro not equal to racing 6 furlongs in tlieir trainers' opinion. It is noteworthy that not a single thi'co-ycnr-old is nominated for tho Queensland Oup or Simdguta Handicap. Weights are duo for Trial, Done-aster, Quali fying, and December Handicaps 011 Tuesday next, Decombor I. Sundgato and East Moreton Racing Club mooting oomes off to-morrow (Saturday), wlion thoro should be some interesting sport. For many and obvious rensuus, I have always beon opposed to tho grass-fed meetings in tho nontrul district, which bid fuir to supcrsodo tho legitimate open ones. I am glud to havo mi ally in "Vono," tho well known and ubln sporting, contributor to tlie Caprimrniiiii ami Morning Mnlletin, who writes in Itockhiunpton, tho capital of Control Queensland, mid with nuthority, not as ono of tlio scribes. Ha says grass-fed mcotiugs lire driving tho bettor "olifss of homos out of ' tlio district, for oiviiors do not cure to I rust 11 valuulilo tried liorso in u bush paddock, and to wuit for tho fow corn-fcd inootinga moatis a loss of timo , and monoy that no ono seems ublo to afford, Judg ing from tha results at Longrcuch bo thinks tho popularity of theso . gatherings is un tho wane, for though1 a good doul of monoy want. 'through the nilioliino, the lit- tondunca was poor, uud tlio fields were small. An English writer says : Tho Heath Stakes, a" milo hutidioap, witnessed tho dobut of Mrs. Liuigtry's Australian four- year-old. filly, Miiluma. Tho bumlicappor was determined not to lio caught 'napping, by lotting in ton lightly an unknown quuutity, tut tho Australian-bred 0110 wus given tho stendier of 8 at. 11 lbs., and was in foot thus giving, as it turned nut, ovarastoho to every thing tliut was, competing. Sho was not lutekod for 0110 shilling, and in Watta'a hands finished last. "Pavo" says sho is hardly- likely to sot tho Iloath on iiro according to hor first ossoy, . whilst, tiio. spooiul commis sioner, more tolcranc of tho outer barbarian, thinks she will do bettor whan the truoks ura sonndor going. . Just uoforo the start for tha Middle Park Pluto, odds of 5 to 1 were laid 011 Velasquez, wliilo 5. to. 1 was not too readily aoacptcd against tlio Kendal colt, Galteo Mora. The lasiniunod won, and no oxouso was offered for Velasquez's dotout, but Lord ltosobory's colt (half- brother to Sir Visto) is a bettor favour jlo for tho Derby than Galteo More; 190 to t was offered bar 2 for tho Mitldlo Park Piste, wliftih, however, only attrnotcd fivo starters. Velasquez curried tiio oxtremo penalty, wliieli raised his weight to 0 st. 3 lbs., hut Galteo Mora was penalised ulso, .up to 9 st. Lord Boscbory's Ohelandry, by Goldfinch — Ladns's dam, won tho Imperial Prodnoo Stakes, viiltto £2,509 not, for two-your-olds. Two minutes forty-thrco seconds was tho time takon by Omittum II. to win tho Prix du Oonsoil Municipal (of 40 sovs. each, 24 sovs. forfeit, with 4,91)0 added by tiio Paris Municipality), 1) mile, uudor 10 st. 1 lb. Tho Frenchmen say ho is tlio best horso in training. Tho English liorso Viotor Wild, 16 st. 1 lb., though only a milor, started favourite nt 7 to 2 ngninRt, but ho failed to finish in tho first six, though up to 1) milo ho looked 'oil ovor 11 wuinor." Omnium II.'s prioo was from 4 to 1 to 9 to 2. 1 11111 sorry to ohroniulo tho death of Mr. H. Barnes, of Dyrimba, at tho ago of 85. Ho ivus a good sportsman, and owned, in hia timo, many good raoohorsos, nnd bred mora for nthors to win with. His raoing was almost entirely local, but tho Shield brand and tho Dyraaba, or rathor tho Gordon Brook blood, wcro known all ovor Australia whore , tiio vaoehorso, tiio luiok, or tho hunter wore in rcqnest. The two-year-old Archio— Mnrgliorita oolt, full brother to Qiiiokinuroli, has beon " added to tho list" by hia owner, W. Blacklook. Tho racohorso Nomo has gone into Harry Wniah's atablo. Mormitu leiiyos for England by tho stoamor Abordoon next wook. Ho lwa beon aold by Mr. W. R.' Wilson, of St. Albans, for I,690 guineus, to Mr. Allison, tho special commissioner of the Londou Sportsman, and editor of Mr. Brneo Low's book, ," Horso- brocdlng hy tho Figure System." Mr. Ecolosplnudlord of tho Great Western Hotel, Coolgurdio, is tho purchaser of Lo Vnr. Mr. G. Gray, of Perth, has purohnsed a couple of St. Albans bred yourlings —namely, n colt by Bill of Portland — Lady Oarbhio, und a filly hy tho same sire out of Coin. Tlioro were 89 nominations 011 Monday Inst for tho Rosoliill Cup, 299 sovs., G) furlongs. Hnd tho raco boon a milo there might . havo boon 09 cntrio&; had it bean a milo aud a-half, 40 ; a milo and tlirce-quartora or two milos, about 30. Results of Tiimwortli racos nro not to hand at timo of writing, though tho mooting wus hold on Wodnosiluy and Thursday. Tho issuos aro only interesting 011 account of Naroissus, tho Quoonsiand Oup horso, being engaged there. I11 tho three handicaps for which ho ia nominnted ho han top weight — 0 st. 5 lbs., 9 st. 12 lbs., and 9 st. 5 lbs, respectively. Rutter'a Astringent Mixture, &o.;, certain remedy, oornor'Edwurd andEliziiboth streots. A rural Georgia preacher, finding the woatbor too warm, pulled off his cent and preached in his shirt alcoves. After the ser mon 11 good brother, thinking un editor who was present would muko 11 sensation of tho incident, aaid to tho parson: "I don't sup pose you know whon you puilod off your cout to-day that ono of tliom nowspuper fellors was in moetin' P" " Yos, I did, replied tho preaohor, "hut I had my aye on it all tiio timo," 