THE C.M.M. SISTERHOOD. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. The anniversary services in connection with the C.M.M. Sisterhood were continued yesterday. In the afternoon, the Sisters, headed by Sister Hazelwood, who is in charge, held a reception at the "Home" in Woolloomooloo. There was a fairly good attendance of ladies and gentlemen, who inspected the home and partook of the re freshments provided by the Sisters. A few brief speeches were delivered by Sisters Bibby and Middleton, also Mrs. Miller, Mrs. Nolan, and the Rev. W. W. Rutledge, superintendent of the C.M. Mission. A tea meeting was held in the Centenary- hall in the evening, at which about 500 people were present. The arrangements were carried out without a hitch, and the tea was provided by the ladies' committee. After the tea came the public meeting, in the same hall. There was again a very large gather ing. Mr. W. I. B. Mote conducted a strong choir of musical instruments and voices. Mr. E. Vickery, M.L.C., occupied the chair, and with him on the platform were the Revs. A. R. Edgar, W. W. Rutledge, George Lane, Samuel Wilkinson, J. K. Turner, Mr. W. H. McLeliand, and Mr. T. P. Reeve, and a number of Sisters. A telegram was received from Mr. J. N. Brunker (Colonial Secretary), who was expected to preside, stating that he was too unwell to be present. The Rev. W. W. Rutledge, superintendent of the mission, read the sixth annual report of the sisterhood. The personnel of the organisation had changed since the last anniversary. Sister Francis had left for New Zealand, and there had been two additions to the staff since then. These sisters had paid nearly 5000 visits to the homes of the poor, irrespective of nearly 2000 paid by the nursing staff to the sick and dying. Four Christian young women had applied for admission to the sisterhood, but the committee did not see its way to incur the necessary ex pense of adding this quartet to the staff. The only remuneration the Sisters received was resi dence in the home, and a small pecuniary al lowance. Sister Huggart, of the headquarters staff, then gave a short account of her work among the poor during the last twelve months. Nurse Reay also gave an account of her stewardship. The Rev. A. R. Edgar rejoiced at the success of the women's work in this department. Wo men were as surely called of the Holy Ghost to preach for Christ and attend to the sick and poor as men were. (Loud cheers.) Women's place in the church was a very important one, and the women were qualified for It. Since woman had had her liberty she had shown her self the equal and sometimes the superior of man in every walk of life. We would soon find women in the pulpits and every other depart ment of the Church. In Melbourne there had been formed a similar Sisterhood, copied prac tically from this one. Their candidates in Mel bourne were received for two years on proba tion, and they had also to pass a theological and biblical course, out of which they came with flying colors. Their Sisters were equal to the best men they had got. Sister Hannah, of Melbourne, delivered a humorous address, which was followed by a few words from Sister Evelyn Gates (Johannesburg). Most of the Sisters composing the "Home" were present. They were: Sister Hazelwood (in charge), Sisters Bibby, Tebbutt, Reay, Huggart, Thompson, and Middleton. A collection was made, which, with promises and amounts previously donated, reached some thing over £100. During the evening the choir sang several anthems. Miss Ernestine Louat sang "Come, Thou Fount of Every Blessing" (Millard), and Mrs. Foster sang "Ora Pro Nobis," with chorus by the choir. 