Who had the Laugh? (BY ' WlRRILDAH.') (Continued) now, that is unkind, because she is not a lirt, and she often sits out a dance, thoueb, lot of necessity.' ' Bedad. I do not know about that.' a»iiji, jupuy. you are Becoming worse witn your slang instead of better. You should try to improve, for it spoils you ; besides, look at the pennies you lose.' ' Umph ! and that is another stupid fad of hers, collecting coppers for every slang word. She says that she sends them to the Childrens* Hospital, but how do we know she does not stick to them herself. I was determined tha me would not eaten me rotten to-mg&tvcon-; sequently I kept myself as flat as a bottle of cold tea.' * I guess it was the blacks that kept you flat,' laughed Daisy. * Here I am at home. Be early in the rooming, like a good girl, I want to get those two dresses finished. Good night.' Wednesday evening came and the usual dance. ' Oh, I say girls, what do you think ? I have something to tell you.' ' It would be wonderful if Miss Newman had not,' put in a voice. ' You be quiet, Fred Guttersnipe, I am not talking to you. * Only fancy, Mr. Derwent has gone to the West, and Miss Grainger went down to see him off. Now isn't it sly of her never to say a word about it ?' ' If she never said a word about it, how did you hear it ?' queried Fred, but Sophy went on with her gossip without heeding him, winding up with : * I suppose because she is a music teacher she think herself so much our superior.' ' Indeed, Sophy Newman, you can speak for yourself. I am her superior, for I do not work *t all — my fither works for me,' interrupted a young oid Miss, with a sniff. Then it would be more to your credit, Miss Philpot, if you turned your hands to something and so lighten your poor old father's burden,' retorted Sophy, with a toss of her head. ' What a lovely coalition for the matrimonial column, eh ?' Guttersnipe Philpot, eh 1 eh 1 Supposing we console each other with a waltz, Miss Philpot,' suggested Fred, seeing there was likely to be a tiff between the ladies. The music began, and ended the discussion. Sophy had to work for her living, but did not like being looked upon on that account. It was the rule for the Tauwin young men to take the girls out in turn ; this prevented jealousy, and kept them from saying spiteful things of each other, but when a young -ady bad a real lover all to herself she was the envy of the village, as was Muriel when Mar cus Derwent was with them, and when he left Lhey all sniggered, and pestered her with ques tions just by way'of probing the wound. Fred was taking Sophy out on this special evening. * I think moonlight scenes are most pic turesque, do you not, Miss Newman ? When 3\. deliciously refreshing breeze is blowing, and the leaves of the trees glitter like crystal, as they reflect the light of the moon and whisper to eaeh other in the joy of life. Night, too, bides the yellow leaf and approaching decay of bloom that an autumn day associates with itrath. With what regal dignity does nature stand apart from human feeling, and the beauti ful calm of her purity awaken thoughts in the mind, which gives the nearest glimpse of heaven we poor mortals on earth can get ? ' ' Oh, bother ycur lackadaisical sentiment. People who study the starry heavens too much generally finish up in the lunatic asylum,' was Sophy's reply to the young man's poetical out burst. * There is one thing night covers, and that is dust, and you can imagine yourself walking in soft green grass, bul there is nuthing more :ompleteiy falsified,' continued she. 4 Well, you are practical, if not sublime, miled he, 'and so you think my study of* jature will settle me in the lunatic asylum, instead of heaven ?' ' Perhaps. My brother was always moraliz ing. When he was six years olr1 he asked me what made God punch so many holes in the -ky, a*hd I told him it was so the angels cou!d seep down at him when he was naughty — Goodness gracious, what's that ?' broke off 5ophy, in alarm. * Where !' \- Look over there 1 Oh, it is the ghost of a -iant 1' ' And eight feet high if a foot,1 muttered Fred, eyeing the apparition. ' How the crea ure.jesticulates.' ' Yes, yes. See, he is showing fight, douhl ng up and flinging aUout his arms. Oh, Mr. guttersnipe, ask him what he wants.' * Stand, sir, or I will fire,' roared Fred, and Sophy began tittering. * What are you laugh ng at ?' queried he, feeling nettled. * You have nothing to fire with.' * He does nofknow that.' * Of course he will know if he is a ghost. Dh, look, look 1' * Spe.-k yourself then,' avowed Fred, turn ing away in a pet. * Oh, yon cruel wretch. Are v°u ti°irie 11. runaway?' But Fred was only locking fur a ;t--ui stick. * If you are eight feet my lad I will make pou think twice before you come dogging my lootsteps again. Now conie along. Mi** New man.1 * What are you going to do ?' askt d -he in a [right. * Knock him down, to be sure.' * No, no, he is too big ; do not go near him Look ! oh, look how wild he moves about.' * You remain here then,' said he, and strode Forward as ferociously as be could. Presently ha, ha, ha, ha, he, he, bo, ho o-o o re-sounded through the air, while Fred seemingly was :utling as many antics as the ghost. Sophy was startled out of her wits for she could not tell whether he was laughing or crying, and Forgetting her fear ran forward. * What is the matter ?' she gasped. ' He, he. Look what a blooming sell 1 A shirt blowing; about on a clothesline.' One morning, a week later, Sophy burst in to the work-room. 'Oh, I say, Daisy, did you known that Mr. Derwent was in the town ship ?' * No ! He must be earnest over Miss Grain after all. * The sly thing. Never mind, I will have 1 slap at her. I will cut her out,' declared Sophy, throwing herself into a chair in disgust. * Hurry with your work, there's a good girl, Entreated her companion soothingly. Just then Marcus passed, and Miss Newman rushed it the door. * Mr. Derwent, I declare ! Just fancy you returning to our sleeply little town. Won't you come in ? * Marvelous, indeed, that I should come here to spend Christmas Day, eh ?' smiled he, turning to greet the young lady, and entering For a few minutes. * I suppose you young ladies are busy with Christmas finery. ' After some further conversation Sophy ex claimed, * We have found the haunts of a ghost since you left. Mr. Derwent.' * Indeed. How interesting.' ' Yes. Should you like to see him ?J * I am afraid Miss Newman my nerves will not bear the shock.' ' That will do you. But really I wish you would come down and see it, say to-night.' ' What, is it here ?' cried here in mock ilarm. - * Silly fellow, no, he haunts the bank of the creek, but only at night. Do come down and have a look.1 ' Is Miss Newman trying to take a rise oat me, Miss Hill ?' * Oh, no, the ghost story is true enough,' re sponded Daisy, as Sophy gave her a kick under the table, not to spoil her fun. ' Really I feel curious now. Where does his ghostship walk ?' laughed he. * I will show you. But he only comes out at night,1 said Sophy, pleased at having gained her point. * I never did know a ghost who could en dure daylight. However, I shall be ready at 8 o'clock.' Soon as he was gone. Miss Newwan danced round th«* compartment, clapping her hands. * What a lovely inspiration of mine, wasn't' it ? But, Daisy, you must go down first and hang op a shirt.' The day following, Sophy presented her self at Miss Grainger's for her music lessons, stf d whilst removing her gloves and fixing her books on the piaho, said lightly, * I bad sucn fun last night with Mr. Derwent. We were out for a walk and I led him to see the ghost on the clothesline.' Muriel stared at the speaker in surprise. ' You were out for a walk with Mr. Derwent last night I' she said, the carmine dyeing her cheeks, then leaving them deadly white. Sophy, having stamped a pnckle in the other's heart, proceeded with her music, apparently nut hearing her ejaculation. * Oh, Daisy, you ought to have seen Miss Grainger's face when I told her about my walk last night,' cried Miss Newman in delight upon her return. * Y. n should not have told her, Sophy. You don't known what mischief you may cause. Besides, you enticed him out, so it wasn't fair to tell.' . * Pooh 1 I don't care. I had such a laugh up my sleeve.' ' What did Miss Grainger say i' She straightened up her back and stared as if I bad fifty heads. * You wem for a walk with Mr. Derwent,' she said, 'and went so red, then white. I thought she was going to faint. My word she does feel jealous, I know.' * You haven't got a bit of tact about you, Sophy,' remarked Daisy with a sigh. Soon all the young folk knew of Sophy's walk and Muriel's jealously. Miss Grainger was getting up some new music, among which was a piece for Miss Newman, and passing the house one evening she wondered if it had come, so thought she would pop in to see. As she stepped on the verandah a burst of laughter issued from the drawing-room. It was a warm evening and the windows open, and never stopping to con&idet; the me&ness; of bur action, Sophy peeped in and for a moment stood trans fixed, then slipped hurriedly away. * Whatever is the matter Miss Newman, you seem quite out ot breath'. * Is that you, Millie Marden ? I'm so glad I've met you, oh I have had such a shock.' here Sophy raised her eyes and hands skyward. ' What that ghost again ? laughed Milly but Snphy continued. ' And she looks such a demure little mouse. There is never getting at the drift of these quiet saints. She collect pennies for slang' (cotnteniptously) ' and she can do worse than talk slang — ' *Oh, relieve my curiosity Miss Newman,' pleaded Millie, * Well I was going into Miss Grainger's to ascertain whether my piece of music had come and hearing voices and think ing that I would not disturb her if she bad company I looked through the window and what do you think ? There was she and Mr. Derwent crammed into one chair and laughing like mad. She says, 'Oh, Mar :ui you will over-i alance the rockers', and be rocked harder than ever/ Tbe two girls started tittering until someone else happened 1 long and the story was repeated. A few lays later Miss Grainger called upon the iressmakert,, and alter ^iteiiug them said * I intend giving my you. in friends a s icial Chrisi [uhs eve will you' two come ? We shall not have any dancing as the Weather is so warm.' 'Oh, giving a party,' sai-J Sophy, adding slily, a wedding par*)' perhaps.* * It does not matter l-y which name you call :t,' smiled Muriel. 4 Ate you going to l.« married Christmas :ve, Miss Grainger ? * Oh, no. * Well, I should not call it a weeding party, if I were you.' * That was your own suggestion, Miss New man. But why ? * Because he might s'ip you up after all and then y'U would look a tail foolish,' and Sophy kicked Daisy under the table. ' Oh, as to that I was married several months ago. but as Marcus had not elileri in business and I wished to remain with Uncle until he was, I did not want it known, but circum'slances forces me into confession. A smile played round Muriel's tips as she left the tirls to- recover their surprise. 'Gol'y ! exclaimed Sophy, wh:n she tould get her breath, and I admitted going fora waik with her husband'. ' Why should'nt I love my love ? Why should'nt he love me ? ' Why shouldn't I love my love Since love to all is free.1 ? *m. ? . 