Brisbane Ministers' Union. The monthly meeting of the Brisbane Ministers' Union wub hold in the City Taber- naole on Tuesday. Rev. I. Custlehow, vice- president, occupied the chair. Tho committee appointed to inquire into the matter of Sunday afternoon concerts reported progress. Rev. S. G. Fraser, of Sydney, was welcomed to the meeting as a visitor. In tho absence of tho presidont (Rov. J. Wulkor, of Ipswich), his address was rend by Rov. Peter Robertson. Following tho example of his predecessor, Mr. Wulkcr took for tbe subjoot of his address an article by Rev. H. R. Hawois, on "Tho New Clergy." After passing under review Mr. Haweis's disparaging criticism of the clergy und bishops of his own ohurch, ho stated thut the gist ot the article was a pica for freedom for the clergy, especially in tho restatement of Christum 1 rutlis. He, Mr. Walker, con sidered that tho restatement hud already gone too fur. Ho espeeially referred to the re statement of the htoncment, which dcolorcd the death of Christ to he as a representative und not us a substitute. Mr. Hawois appealed for a restatement of the incarnation, and gavo one which lie (Mi. Walker) could not distin guish from Unitiiriaiiism. During tho 35 yenrs of liis ministry ho hud witnessed many ohanges and restatements, hut his conviction was that they had not tended to tho iuoreaso of reverence, self-sacrifice, or personal devotion to tho divine Christ. The "now clergy" that, they wanted wore mentwho would hold fast to tho word of God. Not men who had mistaken their vocation, who wore missioners of doubt and proclaimers of novolli rather than proaohera of the faith onco delivered to tho saints. Tlioy ncodoil tho now clergy to be in the highest sense exsamplos of tho faith they tuuglit, inen full of the Holy Ghost and of power. Men ready for any personal auonfieo rather than put any stumbling block in tho way of others ; willing to suffer, and if needs he, to die for tho advancement of Christ's Kingdom in tlie world. Tho future spiritual uplifting of humanity was very largely witu tho ministers of Christ'R church. They were the orduinod servunts of Him who said, " All power is given unto mc in heaven and an earth." With that power behind them let them go forth to their work of evangelising the world, not too ready to critioiso tho message, but always ready to preach it, earnestly and faithfully preach it, depending upon His power and blessing who liaa said, "Lo, I am with yon always, ovon to tho end of the world." Disouasion fol lowed, in which port was taken by Rovs. W. Whalo, W. O. Lilloy, and J. W. Roberts. A vote of thanks was pateod to Mr. Walker for his papor. 