A CIVIC HAMLET. In the “Golden Butterfly,”Mr Gilead P. Beck, the American gentleman, who, before he “struck ile,” followed occupations many and various, thus relates his theatrical experiences:— “ I was an actor myself once, and I’ve loved the hoards ever since. I was not a great actor. I am bound to say that I did not act like Mr Henry Irving. Quite the contrary. Once I was the hind legs of an elephant. Perhaps Mr Irving himself, when he was a ’prentice, was the forelegs. I was on the boards for a month, when the company busted up. Most things did bust up that I had to do with in those days. I was the lawyer iu “ Flowers of the Forest.” I was the demon with the keg to Mr Jefferson's Kip Van Winkle. Once I played Horatio. That was when the Mayor of Constantinople City inauguated his year of office by playin’ Hamlet. He’d always been fond of the stage, that Mayor, but through bein’ in the soft goods lino never could find time to go on. So when he got the chance, bein’ then a matter of fonr and-fifty, of course he took it. And he elected to play Hamlet, just to show the citizens what a whole-souled Mayor they’d got, and the people in general what good play-actin’ meant. The Corporation at tended in a body, and sat in the front row of what you would call the dress circle. All in store clothes and go to meetin’ gloves, it was a majestic and imposing spectacle. Behind them was the fire brigade in uniform. The citizens of Constantinople and their wives and daughters crowded out the house. Wal, sir, we began. Whether it was they felt jealous, or whether they felt envious, that Corporation laughed. They laughed at the sentinels, and they laughed at the moon. They laughed at the Ghost, and they laughed at me—Horatio. And then they laughed at Hamlet. I watched the Mayor getting gradually riz. ' Any man’s dander would. Presently he rose to such a height that he went straight to the footlights, and stood there facing his own town council like a bull behind a gate. They left oil laughing for a minute and then began again. We are a grave people, sir, I am told, and the sight of those town councillors all laughin’ together like so many free niggers before the war was most too much for anyone. The Mayor made a speech that wasn’t in the play. “ Hyar,” ho said, lookin’ solemn. “ You jest gether up your traps and skin out of this. I’ve got the say of this house, and I arn’t a-goin’ to have the folks incited to make game of your Mayor. So—you—kin—just—light.” They hesitated. The Mayor pointed to the back of the theatre. “ Git,” he said again. One of the town councillors rose and spoke. “ Mr Mayor,” he began, “ or Ham let, Prince of Denmark-” “ Wal, sir,” said the Mayor, “ didn’t Nero play in his own theaytre? ” “ Mr Mayor, or Hamlet, or Nero,” he went on," we came here on the presumption that we were paying for our places, and bound to laugh if we were amused at the performance. Now, sir, this performance does amuse us considerable.” “ You may presume,” said the Mayor, “what you please. But git—git at once— or I’ll turn on the pumps.” It was the ghost who came to the front with the hose in his hands ready to begin. The Town Council disappeared before he had time to play on them, and we wont on with the tragedy. 