CHAPTER II. THE FIRST CLOUD. About a mile seaward from Porlook, separated from it by a narrow strip of the most luxuriant meadowland in Devonshire, lies the village of Bossington. Perhaps it were better called a hamlet, for at the time when I knew anything about it (which, let the tourist remember, is many years ago) it consisted but of six or seven cottages, a farmhouse, and a half-ruined old manor house, for the privilege of living in which my father paid ten pounds a year, or some such trifling sum, to the neighbouring clergyman whose property it was. But what the place looked in size was certainly atoned for-and more than atoned for-by the beauty of its situation. High above it, like a mighty promoting giant, rose Bossington Headland, covered always with a soft, springy turf, and glow ing in midsummer with the brilliant colour ing of rich puiple heather and yellow gorse. Often have I stood on its highest point, and with my head bared to the strong fresh breeze, watched the sun rise over the Dart moor Hills and Dunkerry Beacon, and waited until it shed its first warm gleams on the white cottages and queer old church tower of Porlock, which lay clustered to gether in picturesque irregularity at the head of the little bay. And almost as often have I gazed upon the same scene from the same spot by the less distinct but more harmonious light of the full harvest moon, and have wondered in which guise it seemed the fairest. Behind Bossington lay Allercombe Woods, great tree-covered hills sloplng on one side down to the road which connected, and still connects, Porlock with Minehead and the outside world, and on the other, des cending precipitously to the sea; so precipi tously indeed that it seemed always a wonder to me how the thickly growing but stunted fir trees could preserve their shape and regularity. The descent from Bossing ton Headland into Porleck was by a steep winding path through Abercombe Woods, and many a time I have looked through the thin coating of green leaves upon the fields which stretched like a piece of patchwork below down to the sea, and wondered whether any other country in the world (I had never been out of Devonshire then) could be more beautiful than this. Within a stone's throw of where the blue sea of our English Bay of Naples rippled in on to the firm white sands, was the tumble down old building in which we lived. What there had been of walls had long before our time been hidden by climbing plants and ivy, and in summer-time the place from a distance somewhat resembled a gigantic nosegay of cottage roses, jessamine, and other creeping flowers. There was but a an all garden and no ground, for Bossington Headland rose precipitously close to the back of the house, and in front there was no space for any. A shed served as a stable for one or two Exmoor ponies, and also as a sleeping place for the lanky, raw-boned Devonshire lad whom we kept to look after them. There were but few habitable rooms in our mansion, but they were sufficient, for our household was a small one. My father, mother, sister, myself, and a country servant oomprised it. We never had a visitor, save occasionally the clergyman from Porlock. We never went anywhere. We knew no one, and at seventeen years of age an idea which had been developing in me for a long time, took to itself the tangible shape of words. "Father," I said to him one evening when we were sitting out upon our little strip of lawn together, he smoking, I envy ing him for being able to smoke, "do yon know that I have never been out of Devon shire-never been farther than Exeter even, and I am eighteen years old?" It was long before he answered me, and when, at last, he turned round and did so, I was distressed to see the look of deep anxiety in his worn, handsome face, and the troubled light in his clear eyes. "I know it, my boy," he said, pityingly. "I have been expecting this. You are weary of the country." I stood up, with my hands in my pockets, and my back against the latticed wall of the house, gazing over the sparkling, dancing sea, to where, on the horizon, the stars seemed to stoop and meet it. Was I tired of this quiet home? I scarcely knew; country sports and country sights were dear to me, and I had no desire to leave them for ever. I thought of the fat trout in the Exford streams, and the huntsman's rallying call from "t'other side Dankerry," and the wild birds that needed so much getting and such quick firing, and of the deep sea fishing, and the shooting up the coombs from Farmer Puisford's boat, and of the delight of shipping on a hot summer's day and diving deep down into the cool bracing water. Why should I wish to leave all this? What should I be likely to find pleasanter in the world of which, as yet, I know nothing? For a moment or two I hesitated-but it was only for a moment or two. The restlessness which had been growing np within me for years was built upon a solid foundation, and would not be silenced. "No, I'm not tired of the oountry, father," I answered, slowly. "I love it too much ever to be tired of it. But men don't generally live all their lives in one place, do they, without having any work or anything to do except enjoy themselves?" "And what should you like to be?" my father aaked, quickly. I had long ago made np my mind upon that point, and was not alow to answer. "I should like to be a soldier," I de clared, emphatically. I was very little prepared for the result of my words. A spasm of what seemed to be the most acute pain passed across my father's face, and he covered it for a moment with his hands. When he withdrew them he looked like a ghost, deathly pale in the golden moonlight, and when he spoke his voice trembled with emotion. "God forbid that you should wish it seriously!" he said, "for it is the one thing which you can never be." "Oh, Hugh, you do not mean it really; you do not wish to go away from us!" I turned round, for the voice, a soft and gentle one, was my mother's. She was standing in the open window with a fleecy white shawl around her head, and her eyes, the sweetest I ever saw, fixed appealingly upon me. I glanced from one to the other blankly, for my disapointment was great. Then, like a flash, a sudden conviction laid hold of me. There was some great and mysterious reason why we had lived so long apart from the world. (To be Continued.) 