ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH. MEMORIAL 10 TUB LATE P&&KS.; ~ On Thursday evening a tablet to the memory of the Me Canon-Perks, , whioh has been ereoted by the parishioners In the chancel of St. Stephen's Church, waa nn veiled by Canon - Goodman (Christ - Church; Geelong) who is one of the oldert'.friends of the late Canon-.remaining in the : Ministry. The Incumbent, the Rev. T. B. Tress, and the curate, Rev. W. H. Brett, were also present, and assisted in the service. > At the close of A shortened evening service Canon Geodman proceeded -to the front of the tablet; and drawing 'aside the curtain, disclosed to view a handsome solid brass plateabont3 feet by 2 feet, deeply engraved, leaving the letteriag m reHe£, fce˚ tbe following inscription:—" To the glory ef Got!. In loving memory ef Charles T. Perks, A.K.C.L.R.D., Canon o! St. Paul's, Melbourne. . Incumbent of this- chuTdb,: 1851-1894. Died 13th February, 1894. " Well dene, «;ood and faitfaful eervant,"— Mast, xxv., 21. This plate is surrounded bya oastornament»lbronzeborder,re8ting on a black marble slab. Canon Goodman said, " To the glory of God, and in memory of Charles Thomas Perks, Canon of St Paul's, and incumbent of this church, I dedicate this tablet In the same of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." After singing a hymn specially suited to the occasion, C&Qon; Goodman delivered an excellent sermon from Matt, xxv., 21, the motto < on the piate, wh!ch. he caid was wfeU ohoBen. He paid a high tribute te the ability and f8{fcbfaineEs of Mr Perks, The service .of g Heavenly Itaiter was the keynote of his life> He waa an active and iadefatlgclergyman. He was the first to offer for service on the goldfield, in the early days. At some of those services net fewer than a thousand persons would be congregated. What he had to do he did with all his might, and be was ever ready to undertake work of special difficulty. He had qualities rarely [to be i found among clergymen, those of a thorough man ef business* His judgment was keen, his memory .tenacious. He ebowed a wonderful mastery of details, and always managed to secure the execution of his wellconsidered plans. The Clergy Widows' and Orphans' Fund was for long years indebted te htm, not only for its inceptioD, but its continuous working. He undertook the" office of Secretary te the C athedral Erection Bj&v5; the successful coasplecien of that work VTSS owing mainly to faisuntiring perseverance. As a pteac^r, as a pastor, as H friend; he won the affection of his oeop\e, g|s career showed how great a blessing is the po^er and the will to glorify God and to help forssfs^ ?b? eaivstien of mxa. Canoa Goodman, coadadod & yowerful sod eloquent serm^ by ssking thfc eoncrecsMoa fe respond to the stipsst cnbehalf of the Cathedral ^enxorlal Tablet It was right &hd; pscper to glscfi a memorial ia th® church ia wBc'a he fasi iaiaH£ered for fcrly^hsee years,, bat his ^ cams siioula be recorded is £hst noble edifice, in the erection of which fee bad laboured so A Universal Cry After Marr'age.—"1 wish we had the money new that we threw away at our wedding 1" 