FRECKLES. BY LII.I.A.N' CANDLER. *' Mad^e, Meg. wl.ere are you. I say, Madge! " "What do you want ? " You, of course; what else do I ever want! Where are you ? " *• Up in the apple tree, of course ' Where dee do I ever get when I don't want to be disturbed ?" " Then come down." • What for ? Can't I finish my chapter ? " " No, come at once ; I want to tell yon something." "Here, then, catch the book/' And she dropt a copy of much used " Aspiiodrl " out from the gnarled old branches of the lichen-grown appletree over in the further corner of the orchard. Uixiughiun Hurtley b-d by this time f-ingled out the favourite rcstiuj; place of the girl, and now stood beneath the tree in readiness to help her down or to catch hi-r should she jump. The open book descended flat on bis upturned fare in her stead ; and while he sto^iwd to pick H •ip and to gather together the looseue.l, fluttering pages, Madge swung herself dowu from ber perch. '* Well ? " stie askfd liim. " What's tl'e matter ? "' If made reply, staring at h<-r as he straightened himself. That's what I want to know. You 6aid yon had smnctbing to tell me." He stuffed the book into his pocket, ewl Htepj.ing towards her took her two hands in his. " What's up. Freckles ? You've been crjin£," lie said. " Well, I don't need to be told that when I did it myself," and she laughed a little watery laugh through her tears. " What's the matter, dear ? Tell me all about it."' And he took ber t-vo bands in his strong brown lett one and placed the other consolingly round her shoulder. " It's only the stupid old book. Rex, and I've read it twice before." " Goes out and drowns herself, doem't she ? I remember. Silly old Freckles ! But I say, by .Jove, it suits yon to cry, old l»dy ; makes you look awfully nice." ** Don't tease ; what have jou got to tell me ? '" and she rubbed ber wet cheek up and down his cost collar. "Nothing that'll make you cry, little one, but i-'jmetbmg that will m»ke you so happy on my accouut." " Oh, Hex, what is it ? Won another bicycle race and got a jolly prize ? Or a rise in the office ? " " Guess again." He seemed amused at her suggestions, and was interested, too, in watching the team vanish away as she turned her glowing face to his. " Dfiar, I emi t guess ; tell me." *• It's something jolly, snd will be a sort of exacted surprise to you, if I may use the expression." " Kex, you haven't been betting again, and won and bought tbe chestnut of Sir George's you wanted ^ " Her eyi>s looked very serious now, and thi re was a pitiful conscious quiver about the mobile lips. . " No, 'poo honour. I haven't betted since the time I promised you I wouldn't." t-airl nothing, but with a happy little sigh vf contentment she laid her head down on his siioultler again. " Writ. I see I'll have to tell yon," said Rex- • ingiiam after a pans.*. "You remember tbe artist who was struck with jour hair last year ? " " Uhin." " UVi. it's something to do with him ; can't you gurss r " She knit h<-r brows and puzzled in silence.. At last she said: " No." I've uo idea of anything shout him that could concern yoa except through nic,'' she a<;ded in au undeitone. " What <i<3 you say ? " ha nsked quickly. "I dou't know of anything tint could concern you with regaid to him. Have jou seen him lately ? " " No ; but I've seen his sister." *• Which sit-ter ? Miss Hive or the frisky, widow that was here ? " " Both ; but I mean Pauline—Miss Hive." • " Well ? " *' Can't you guess ? " "You don't mean 6he has asked you to sit for her and means to paint your portrait ? " " I didn't know she could paint people." Didn't you ?" The retort sounded as if itbalf revealed a secret. But Rexingham did not notice it, "Well, I'm engaged lo her, that's all,a&d; I'm just the luckiest fellow in the world ! Isn't iL jolly PSomething startled bim, it soundetF as though a voice iu the far distance and yet somewhere quite near ejaculated *' Oh God ! *' An<l,but that the expression was so anfsminine, and was moreover uttered rather in the tone of a supplication than an interjection, he might have fancied Madge hail uttered it. just as she buried her face deep in his coat. '' Well." he asked, after a pause, aren't you goiuc to congratulate me ? " Still she was silent. Madge, Freckles, my dear, old chum Freckle?, haven't you a word of good luck for me ? Why I used to think you were fond of me little girlie, and so you are the first person I have told my bit of good news to." He put his hand under her chin and turned ber face towards him. The tears were all gone now, and so seemed to be the colour from her cheeks and the network of little snnspots which, had wou her her pet name from him. stooil out in bold relief against the unwonted paleness of her skin " What's the matter, Madge ? Yon look as if you were choking. Have you got stifled there 011 my shoulder, dear ? " The ghost of a smile flitted across her face and was cone iu an instant. " I tbink I must have swallowed a piece of flutf off your coat," she said, " and it stuck in my throat." " This .engagement of yours is rather sudden, my boy, isn't it ?'" The tone seemed somewhat anxious, and the voice was that of Mrs. Hurtley, when, about an hour afterwards, ber eon bad sought ber out to tell her of bis piece of good luck. " No, mother, not particularly. We saw a good bit of tbe Rives last year, snd I have often met them in London since." " I had no idea you admired that kind of girl." said Mrs. Hurtley. «• Oil, mother, I think she's awfully pretty, and. besides, she has such a good figure, and really tbe dearest little foot and ankle of any woman I know.'* • • Well, I suppose it is essential nowadays for a wife to have a good figiue and a pretty ankle," 5»id his mother, with just a touch of something that was not like her usual kind self in her voice. " H«ve you told Marjory ?" she asked after a p.iusi\ •• Of course I told Frtekles just as soon as I got in from the station. They told me sbe was in the orchvd, and I naturally sought out my old plajmate at ^nre.'' " And what did she say, how did she take it Hs-ked Mis. Hurtley anxiously. "Oil, she didn't say much, bhewas a bit surf-need at first, aud, beside*, just as I was tollirg her a fly flew donn her throat or tometliinc, ami she had to swallow that Brat. After a hit *>je as*e<l i«,e i! I were happy in my engn-M-mciit., and wb-n I said, 'Rather '. 'shetold n-.e then so was she. I say,mother,I want you to ask Pauline down here, and all might get up a little picnic or something. And—I should like it to be nice you ktiow ; they are very rich ! " " How do you like my dress, Rex ? " " It's charming." •' Knt you are not lookingat it." "Wasn't I. Wear a thick veil then if yon waul people to notice your dress ! *' She laughed, she w»s pleased, and yet considering how used Paulin- Rive must have been to complitrifrntfi and flattery it Mjemed strange she reiiid still fee! so delighted about them. " What nre we going to do when we get out of the train ? " she asked presently. *' Go straight to ihe ri ver and met* Meg and the provisions there, and that lazy brother of yonrs if he rememlxrs to turn up." " Oh. Hex, it will be awful if Jack doesn't conic . '* " Wby ? I needn't do all the work. Madge can row." " No, I meant—«two's comfortable, three's a crowd, you know.** " Ob, Freckles Soesn't count for an extra one ; sbe » a jolly sort of girl that way." " I don't like Miss ArJeigb," Arlei^h." nm protested Pauline. " Bat you must since she and I are great churns, yoa know. r " ?. know - J *ish you were not." " Wby ? " " She' s a funny sort of & girl Do you know what Jack said of her ? "" " ® ut j! >ck's misted : he'd say anvthing. W bet was it ? ' b " He s»id, when he was 5o mad thst time for her to sit for hire, you rem- niberthai girl is tbe sort they m«k-. her.«inf-s ami nundei-esses ot. He say« red hair and that peculiar, dusky plow or colour wh.ch co-res *nd goes under her sU-in, means p«bgi,u aud strength of will. Does she ever gel in a pulsion. Hex ? " "Never; siie is the s wo. test - ten)!« re d womxn I know- ; brit I di>n't suppose Jack m<-ant that sort of pas>,ion. Here we are." As they jumped out of tbe train Madge met thi-Di ou the oUtfcrou " "I came to the station," she said to Rex after greeting Miss Rive, " in ca-e you needed any help with the basket. Mr. Kive has not come. Iiet me have tho other side of that, Rex,*' she said, suiting ti.e action t» the won I. " I'm so strung, aud it. Irsseus the weight so much for two to carry it." " I could have helped Rex." protested Pauline. Rex laughed. " You help, indeed ! Why you are only half size ; and, besides, tha strain would pull thst rig of yours out of gear!" Besides, I am mure used to it. ; am I not Rex ? *' anstvered Madg>-. turning to him. We'vo carricd many a picnic basket down to the river between us. haven't wer> " ' " Yes, Madi;e, you're an out-and-out brick ! Atid she never shirks her share," he added with kindly patronage, turning to Pauline. " I suppose you have known Mr. Hurtley a very long time ? '" observed I'auliue iu a distinctlv " conversational " tone. " Not so very long ; I «m only twenty-two," replicl Madge so brightly that to suspect sarcasm in Ihe answer sei med treachery. " I was three an'l Me^ ten months old when mother adopted her," explained Hex. r*uline vouchsafed 110 reply, but bit her lips and walked on. To her the remark seemed illbred on Madge's part-. They wi re soon comfortably settled in a tiny boat : it ser-med as if there would not have been 100m for Jack liive ln«d lie come. " Is this boat perfectly safe, Rexingham ? " asked Pauiine as they started. " Yes. if you sit still nnd don't wrigglo about ; it isn't else." "Then why did you bring me out in it,' she exclaimed, iu honor. " till, FrecUhs and I always use this boat, and iheie is no choice between tuis and a much too lumbering affair." " Do you <'ftt-ii go on the river, Miss Arlcieh ? asked Pauline. " A good bit ; in the holidays Rex and I are out nearly all day ; when I'm alone I generally go iu a canoe." " Ah, dear, isn't that dreadfully unsafe ? " " Oh, no ; not if you kno"v the river. But you really must nit still Miss Rive, it is difficult for me to steer, or for Rex to scull if the boat's not trim." " By George ! it's more than difficult; it's dangerous when a steairer comes along : " exclaimed Kcx. "Oh, I'm so frightcued ! Let's land soon, please," entreated Pauline. Sit quiet for goodness sake, Liua, and vou will be all right. We must get down to Willow Bend l>e.fore we open the luncheon baskets '. " Miss RivcV courage rose, and her equanimity returned as she found that the boat neither turned upside down nor ran into tbe bank as they proceeded, and she soon forgot her fears and the creases in her new dress, and actually began to enjoy herself. At Willow Bend tbey landed, and the baskets gave up their bidden store, much, too much of course as csuM, as is tho way of picnic baskets. " I begin to miss Jack when the plates are unwrapped ; don't you ? " remarked Hex, as having supplied the ladies, be began to fill bis own. " Yon seem quite as well able to dispose of the things," laugbed Madge. *' Hasn't that boy an enormous appetite when he's in a good temper, Miss Rive ? " " I can't say I've noticed it," replied Pauline in quite an aggrieved tone. " Ob, come now, haven't 1 been in a good temper ever since you first smiled on me ? " exclaimed Rex, with his mouth full of pie. They dawdled so long over their luncheon and then went " just a little lower down," before turning back and again putting in at Willow Bend for a cup of tea, snd it was such fun boiling the kettle and washing up the plates, and re-packing the basket, that it was growing dark by the time the little party commenced their return journey by the rivsr. Even Pauline Rive acknowledged that she bad enjoyed herself—Rex was so joyful and Marjory so quaint and marry that she forgot that her gown puckered wherever tbe water' splashed on it, and that the rising mist was bringing her hair out of curl. "I'll seal! home," said Her, " and yoa steer, Freckles." •• It's getting awfully dark," he said presently, after working steadily for a quarter of an hour. " Are we near the lock yet 5" " Another sixty" yards and we'll be inside.", answered Madge, peering into the darkness for. boats ahead. In the lock Madge wanted to change and; take the sculls to rest Bex a bit: she thoaghfc, too, that he would prefer the seat next Pauline, ! but Rex insisted on retaining the oars, be was not tired he said ; and it wanted a man'x stroke to get them home before it became quite dark.. When they emerged from the lock they found tbe river very misty, besides being over-, shadowed with trees now for the rest of the' reach home. " I don't like this; I don't feel safe," ex-' claimed Pauline. " It's all right if we are careful, and Freckles^ is a splendid steerer," Bex assared her. ! Presently Madge said .- •• Rex, there is something in front of us ; it looks as if a great eoala barge had broken away from the tug and was' floating broadside on to us." Pauline screamed. "Give her plenty of room, then,"ordered: Rex, and Madge turned the boat into the': middle of the stream, as the obstacle seemed' coming down almost along the bank. Suddenly, as they came from tbe shadow of. the great hulk the lights from a steam launch blazed in their eyes. Before they knew what to (lo the frail boat struck forcibly against something. " We're lost! We're lost!" cried Panline. j Sit still for God's sake, or we shall be,"' commanded Rex. " Can you both swim ?" • " Slip loose yoar skirts," whispered Madge, ut Pauline flung herself on the side of the boat in a paroxysm of terror, and before they had. time to recover her, sbe had upset them all, into the water. " Help !" shouted Rex ; " we're capsized ; stop the screw." Madge found herself clinging to the side of' the boat, which had not turned over, but had righted itself more than half full of water. She caught st the wrist of Pauline and placed her band on the boat too. " Hold on," she cried,. " we are all right;" but even as she spoke sbe felt the boat sinking steadily beneath her weight; it was evidently leaking. Soon she beard Rex close to ber. " Are you both together " We are both here," answered Madge. " Pauline is so quiet 1 fear she fainted or received a blow." " We must straggle on to the barge : the steamer does not seem to have heard us, and has gone on.** " Save Pauline." cried Freckles, as the boat sunk out of ber grasp with a swish and a whirl of black water. Rex seemed undecided. In that supreme moment the faithful affection of a lifetime seemed to outweigh the passion of yesterday. " Save her," repeated Madge : " I can swim !" Rex struggled to the «idr of the barge, but it was too high out of the water to allow of any landing, burdened as he was, too, with the inanimate weight of the fainting Pauline. He was a strong swimmer, and so by skirting tbe barge managed at last to gain the bank. Thrre he deposited his future wife. " Freckles," be. shouted, " make for the bank. It's not so very far. ; go down stream a little and then come part the barge. Madge ! Madge I will k?ep on shouting that yoa may know which way to turn. Or shout, dear, and I will oome out to you «" No answeringshoat relieved his hungrv ears. " Freckles V be cried wildly. " Madge ! Madge !" Still no answer, but in his ears ran to the tone of the gurgling waters. " Save her ; I eaa swim !" And with that generous lie on her dying lips Marjory'6 loving soul had fled out to eternity. 