fistaken i'dentity. The Paris correspondent of the "Daily Telegraph'' tells a strange story of mistaken identity. One day lecently, it seems, .the corps of an old beggar was picked up in a country town, near Paris, and was almost im mediately "identified" by a wood ,angelr who aflimned that it was the body of a man nam.ckl Godoroy, 80 years of age, who sometimes walked in from a neighbouring village to solicit alms of charitable people. The Godefroy family was, therefore, duly informed of thl;e misf'ortuniel lh'ich had befallen it, and two of the daughters 'ropaired to the 'town for the plrlpose of attending the funeral of their departed sire. By way of an extra precaution, the corpse, ere it was deposited in: the cofflin, was shown to the two women, who also "recognised" and shed tears over it. The 'obsequies' of the dcfunect beg gar having taken place, the two mour nelI rieturn'ed to their native vil lage, but on entering their abode, the fir,st perý/Jhin on wlhlom the;ir be wildeired gaze fell was their father, whom they had believed to b? at thlat momlent uundler"ground, but whmo was comfortably regaling himself by the fireside with a plate of soup. The old man was taking his food with so much relish that little doubt as to his healthy condition would have been entertained by any unbiassed observer. His daughlters, however, fresh from the lmoulrnful ceremony, took it into their ]heads that he must be a ghost, and nearly swooned. Re'covclring tshem selves in some measure, as they per ceived that the soup was so rapidly disa.ppearing that presently none would be left, they approachied their father, pinched himi and themslalves to assure themselvee s that he was a sutbsithmllfial r?hilitty and thealt tltey were not in a dreatm, and then, after sitting down ait the table and helping themselves to the contents of the tureen, they plied him with questions, and he related his adventu'res. The Mayor of the vill.ge was soon after wards ' informn dd of 'th), mniltake, which is to be attributed to a strik ing *resemblance between Godefuroy and the deceased mendicant, and the police of the town at which the corpsea was discovered are now busily engaged in the task of identifying it all over again, 