THE PRIMACY OF THE ROMAN PONTIFF. ARCHBISHOP CARR'S FOURTH LECTURE. In St Patrick's Cathedral last evening Archbishop Carr delivered the fourth of his series of lectures on the . Primacy of the Roman Pontiff to a large congregation Archbishop Carr said that last Sunday evening they considered the promises made to Peter. He was to be the rock, the key bearer, the defender, and the legislator of Christs Church Each of those four rela tions pointed unmistakably to the primacy of Peter, and to the unity and perpetuity which That primacy was to secure for the church Even those who viewed the church from the outside, such as Matthew Arnold, Matlock, and Lord Macaulay, were constrained to admit that unity and to predict as a consequence of it the perpetuity of the Catholic Church 'The primacy of Peter was the key to that wondrous unity for which Christ prayed Melder well described it as "the personified reflection of the unity of the whole church, and the unity of the church, according to St Cyprian, was the image of the unity of the U bree Pi means of the Moat blessed Trinity '1 he might stop there as far as sufficiency of the argument for the Primacy was concerned If the promise was given by Christ it was fulfilled, and if fulfilled, as it appertained to the constitution of the church, it was continued in Peter's Successors hint that primacy, if of all states, must be found in the Roman See if for no other reason that it was never fun claimed by any other Though the arguments already given would be sufficient, still it would be instructive, as well as interesting, to carry the inquiry some steps further and to observe the fulfilment of those promises in Scripture, in the exercise of the prince during the life time of the apostles. and in the subsequent history of the church. The first of the Scripture proofs for the fulfilment of the premises and found in the 22nd chapter of St Matthew -' And the Lord said, Simon, Simon be held Satan hath desired to have you that he may sift you as wheat But I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not, and thou being once converted, confirm the brethren The chapter opened with the account of the Last Supper, then was the prediction of the bear at the again there was mention of the strife amongst the Apostles and after these came the announcement that the Apostles would be run rs in the kingdom of Christ s Church But they should walk in humility and fear, as they were to be our rounded by watchful, powerful, and un placable em miles Still they should not tear. Christ was about to appoint a supreme ruler, whose truth would not fail, and whose duty it would be to confirm his brethren Singling out Peter, in preference even to John, the Beloved Disciple, the Lord said, "Simon, Simon, to " To avert the threatened rain of the Apostles and of the Church, Christ did two things He prayed with an efficacious pray) er for the faith of Peter, and Ile appointed him to the office of confirming his brethren against all dangers and assaults. To fulfil this office Peter should teach the true faith, guard against false doctrine, enact wise has a, select worth) masters, and punish wrong- doers. But all this was simply to exercise the functions of the primacy. The next proof was derived from the Gospel of St. John, 21st chapter, "Feed my lambs, feed my sheep " There was no more common metaphor in Scripture than that of feeding or tending or acting as a shepherd towards min. And when used without restriction, as there, it invariably) meant to rule with authority. Various examples in illustration of this statement were given from the Old and New Testaments as well as from classical authors The conclusion was expressed in the words of Arnold, that " final term of feeding as a shep herd feeds his flock is one of the oldest and most universal metaphors to express a supreme and at the name time a beneficent government." Some difficulties had been raised not regarding the proofs, but regarding the proposition itself. Two of these from St Matthew xvi, 22 23, and from Galatians, 2nd chapter, were dealt with at some length. Another from the Acts of the Apostles, chapter xv was also considered. Archbishop Carr (continuing) said tin) were reminded many a time that "All Scripture was inspired " But it was strange that, like the RutionahBts of old and modern times, Protestants were always overthrowing one passage of the sacred writings by another, whilst Catholics accepted every passage as equally inspired and worthy of their heart's submission. In some of the difficulties recently) raised they would recognise the time worn objections of the Gnostics und Mareionites, and even of such an enemy of the Christian name as Julian the Apostate. 'He) would remember, too, how bt. August tine had been quoted against the rock foundation of Peter's primacy. But quoting the illustrious father regarding the command given Peter to feed the lambs and sheep of Christ's church, be would ask them was it possible for the most outspoken Ultramontane to declare has been in Peter's primacy in clearer or more powerful turns? Now if Peter really received the charge of leading the Apostles, they should naturally expect that he would always had and never follow that he should exercise all the functions that belong to a Supreme Ruhr, and if they turned to the first 12 chapters of the Acts of the Apostles they would find him exercising those functions, St Luke in those chapters mentioned Peter Bing) more frequently than he did all the Apostles together. He mentioned him directly) and the others only in a mass. Peter presided at the election of an apostle to take the place of Judas. He had down the mode of election, and the necessary qualifications When the Holy Ghost had come down upon the Apostles It una St. Peter led the way in the work of the conversion of the Jews. It was he who was to first exercise the power of miracles in testimony of the truth of the gospel teaching. When punishment was to lie indicted Peter was to pronounce the sea to nee. When error and hen day first made their way into the hold it was St. Peter who was to meet and di fi at them, when calumnies were spoken against the whole body of the Apostles St. Peter vindicated the common cause, when the Gentiles were to be brought into the church to bt Peter was the revelation first make , when the great council was held at Jerusalem St. Peter pronounced the judgment on questions of faith In fact, the first twelve chapters of the Acts of the Apostles being a general history of the church, were, of necessity), a history of Peter's primacy). On next Sunday evening he would show from the history of the church, as gathered from the decrees of general councils and the te ninnes of the fathers, that Peter's primacy lived and ruled in the Roman Pontiffs. 