Round Town. By thk Va-;. ? Saturday evening's will be the last ap pearance in Brisbane of the present rtickiird's .combination. The company have added further to their strength by the inclusion of Mr. Harry Shine, a comedian who made his first appearance on Wednesday uierht. On Saturday uisrht Carl Hertz, and illusionist and presti digitator, will appear. The patronage bestowed on the Variety Co. has fluctuated between the enthusiastic and the in different. It is to be hoped that the remainder of their stay will be signalised by good audiences. ?'??-* # * ' The Potter-Bellew Dramatic Company open at the Opera House on 20th October, after a week's spell- in Brisbane, for a season of seven nights, during which they will stage 'La Tosca,'' 'As you like it,' 'School for Scandal,' «*Camille,' 'She stoops to conquer, ' *' Romeo and Juliet,' ** David Garrick,' and 'Cavalleria Rusti cana.' As Brisbane audiences have not had an opportunity for years past of wit nessing some of these pieces there is a pro bability of the combination doing well. N\ * * u The promenade concert afAlbion Park on Monday was the most successful yet held, and now that the management hive over taken their initial difficulties, which must be great in an entertainment of this kind, persons voyaging to the Creek for a pleasant evening's entertainment will be rewarded by being enabled to enjoy the cool and refreshing air and at the same time to listen to the selections of well-tried artistes. As we said before, properly managed, aud by engaging first-class talent, the -concerts will be successful. * * * The other evening a }joKcemau on duty in Stanley -street encountered the ghofctly vision of a man weeping. Having accosted it in the soft mellifluous accents of the ixjetie peeler he discovered that it was the ghost of Macadam weeping over the deplorable condition of~t Ire streets in North and South -Brisbaue. -.* - *; ??-.*..-. .' -.-'? Under the new Traffic Amendment Bill cyclists will have to submit to a tox. ?What's that for, eh V To pay the fees of the commissioners, or 'what? Why do not all the cyclists of Brisbane combine and make themselves felt. Here is a tax to be imposed on them and wliat benefit will they derive from it. tt will ^o.into the ijoffers of the Transit Commission to pay tees and salaries. Now every cyclist in Brisbane would willingly pay a small tax if he could get some guarantee that the Municipal Councils would place the grid iron thoroughfares called roads in a condi tion tit to ride over. But as it is at present the Brisbane cyclist is a victim of insurance agents. If h** goes a few yards he lias to insure hie life, for if he doesn't fet killed by the sbus drivers, who seem to o as .they ''like, and manages- to escape the dangers of ordinary travel, there is always the risk that he will mysteriously disappear, bike and all, in. some of the holes in Queen, Stanley, and the other furrowed lanes miscalled streets. 