Gbapter ssttt ALBERT CLAYTON HAS AN INimivunv WITH MR. HELL, THE SOLICITOR CIIIPPS AND BOB PRESTON WONDER WHAT HAS BECOME OP WALSH. Albert rushed into tho snop o*u uuutu « j' newspaper, and he and William went into an ■ entry to read an account of Sir Humphreys : death. It was a short paragraph, and stated ! that thn Baronet had died suddenly, two days previously,at the family residence in Leeds. It was added that, owing to the recent melancholy death of his son, the estate would go to the child of his third marriage, who, being a minor, would no doubt be placed under trustees. 41 This event calls for prompt action on my part,” exclaimed Albert, as hurriedly folding up the payer they issued again into the street. 44 I must instantly be off to Leeds, and rry out my resolution of consulting with Mr. Bell, and putting tbo case into bis bands.* Accordingly, that afternoon, Albert, in his make-up as a Frenchman,with wig, moustaches, and spectacles, departed in the train. It was dark when he reached J^ocds, and ho proceeded direct to Mr. Bell's chambers. He had not seen that gentloman for several yearK—seldom, indeed, since he bad ceased to act as his father’s lawyer. He wandered, there fore if he would recognise him, and thought if he did, what a shock be would receive on being visited by one whom ho considered dead. Musing thus,he rang the bell of the solicitor’s chambers, and the answer to his inquiry, if Mr. I Ball was within, was made hesitatingly in the j aflirmativo. The girl looked with a mixture of I curiosity and suspicion at the very French-look , ing personage who stood before^ her, and^ held ! the door in her hand without inviting him to come m. 44 Can I not see Mr. Bell ? ” inquired Albert. : 44 Is he engaged ? *’ I ‘4 I think he is,” she answered. 44 He has : just got dinner, and he always has % , sleep after it. Perhaps you would call again if : your business is not very important.” •* It does happen to be important, though,” observed Albert; 44 and as he is closeted only with Morpheus,I’ll take the risk of interrupting j the consultation. Will you please, therefore, i show me to his room ? ” | Seeing that the queer-looking visitor was not to be put off, the girl led the way along the i lobby, and showed him into a room shelved ; round and furnished with a very large business .1 table This was evidently the solicitor’s ofhoe. ’ 1 The table, immense as it was,groaned under the piles of tape-Becured papers. The shelves were ■ 1 fitted with numerous other packings and neatly; painled tin boxes. In front of tlic fable was a capacious chair, covered with black leather, and at ooo side was a cushioned sofa, apparently for the accommodation of visitors Albort ant down ou the latter, and had not waited long when tlin door opened and Uio lawvcr entered, rubbing his eyes, which were sleepy in the extreme. Clearly enough he had been roused from a sound imp. Mr. Boll had more the appearance of a jolly, jovial alderman than a lawyer. Ilia corpora tion was really something to boast of, being not only huge, but well-proportioned, and Mistained by a pair of stout sturdy understandings. His neck was somewhat short, but upon it there was a large round head, well covered with light, curly hair. Ho had a pleas mt, open expression of countenance, a small mouth, a short nose, and a very sparkling and intelligent eye, though at that moment it was, ns we have said, in a very drowsy state. One very prominent feature was a broad expansive brow, showing a full development of the reasoning powers, and giving assurance that he was intellectually qualified for his profession. Bestowing a look of’inquiry on his visitor, Mr. Bell went forward to the table, and de posited his corpulent body in the easy chair, during which process Albert was quietly divest ing himself of his wig, moustaches, and specta cle*, whereby he was changed from a shonlder shrugeing Frenchman into a well-favoured youth with a bright, laughing eye. Tho metamorphosis naturally made the law yer look at him more narrowly and fnodlv. “A medical student who has got himtelf into a scrapo.,'thought.Mr.Bell,who but dimly caught sight of his t ratlins. Albert rose and came silently to the other aide of the table, whore the gas shone full upon him. There he stood with his rouud blue eye fixed on the lawyer, and a smile playing round hia mouth. Mr. Bell started,rubbed bis cyos more vigour ously tliun before, and stared at the youth in astonishment. It requires something very ex traordinary to throw a lawyer—capecally a shrewd, self-possessed lawyer like Mr Bell into such visible amazement. For some memonts Albert spoke not, hub stood enjoying the astoniflhmeut and perplexity depicted on the other’s face. “ Ho you know me, Mr. Bell ? ” he at length asked,striving »1! he could to suppress a twinkle ‘* Know you ? ” repeated the astonished law yer. “ I think I do, and if I do, by Ilcavon l % must be speaking to a ghost.” Albert laughed outright. ^ ■ 44 Doe6 a ghost come disguised in wig and spectacles ? ” he said. 44 I don’t know,” answered the solicitor. 111 Dover had a visit from one before.” I 44 I should think not. Well I am not one 1 eithor. I am distinctly in the body, I can assuro i 44 Then am I right in supposing you to be Mr. Albert Clayton ?” 14 You never were more correct with a sup position. I am that individual.” “And you were not drowned in Waterloo 44 Certainly not. I was vory nearly murder ed there, but, as good luck would have it, I was i pulled out after my murderer had gone off, | deeming that bis kind intentions towards mehad been entirely fulftllod. My deliverers restored mo to animation, and 1 thought it as well to keep retired for a time. My’ father's death has, however, brought me out of concealment, and I have come to you to got advice, and in fact to put myself and a very singular case in your 44 Bless my soul and body! I was never more astonished in all my life,” ejaculated Mr. Bell, recovering rapidly, and getting into his usual Btate of coolness. 44 It wan an intended murder, was it ? Who wanted you out of the way ?” 44 My stepmother, Lady Clayton.” ‘‘Good Heaven ! was that tho way of it ? She. wished the estate for her own child, and hired the man who went «ith ycu to the lake to put' you out of tlic way ?” 44 That is exactly it,” replied Albert. 14 It is a shockug business : and thoy say they think you are dead ?” 44 They’ve not a doubt of it—neither her lady ship nor Mr. Chipps, her lawyer.” “Ila !” exclaimed the solicitor, catching his breath, 44 had Chipps a hand in it r” , “ He was art nud part. He it was who arranged with the murderer, and bargained for j “Well, I’m glad of that. I’ve long had a hatred of that low, cunning blackguard, but ifj we can make this out 1 have him neck and heel i in his own trap. I would give a good deal to ! see the long-mcked rascal swinging in a bai ler, and her ladyship with him, for 1 have al-. ways been of opinion that they arc equally iu<i.” “ Six and half a dozen,” rejoined Albert. ** However bad they arc wc can’t put them in a halter, for you see no murder was committed.” 44 We can transport them, though.” • “ Possibly, but 1 don’t want l.hat, cither. \ 'VUt I want is to battle them both by getting the c-rfate for the rightful heir.” * 44 Any easy matter thnt, at all events,’ said | Mr. B'll. 44 All you have to do is to turn up at Ute hou.'C and get yourself served.” 44 Myself ? No, no, I am not the heir.” 41 You arc not the heir of Clayton ?” said Mr. Beil, u great surprise. ‘4 No” “ Then who is ?” * My nepbow. Tho only son of my cider “ Whow !” said the solicitor, laying his two hands on his ample paunch. 14 Anothei mystery.” 44 Yes ; and more of the same vile plot. But I think it better to lay the story before ycu ir detail. It is rather a long one, hut as it will give you information which it is of the utmost importance that you should have, if you can spare he time, I shall-” 44 bay no more,” cried Mr; Bell, who was now fully interested. “ I am disengaged for the evening, and were I not, I would make mysr-lf free, for this is a mutter of paramount import* *nce. Just wait till we get u bottle of wine, aod then let me have the whole affair.” 44 A bottle of wiue and two glasses, Bessie.’’ Bessie vanished, and quickly returned with the articles named. It was something rich to see how she stared, first at Albert, and then at ! the wig and spectacles that l«y on the table. JShc was too discreet n servant, however, to taks •any Further notice, and made her exit, after j bestowing another wondering glance on the strange visitor. 44 Now for it,” said Mr. Bell, pouring out a J glass for himself, handing the bottle across,and i laying himself out at full length in his easy chair. Albert drew forward the seat to which Mr. Bel! pointed, sat himself down and began bia j narrative. Briefly,yet succinctly and minutely, he gave tho substance of all with which tho reader has been made acquainted m the fore ] going chapters. The lawyer listened not only j with patience, but with absorbed attention— the story, as it was told, bringing to his face varied expressions of indignation, satisfaction, j ind delight. At that point which related to Harry, and the cruelty to which he was subject i 2d at the hands of Chipps, his teeth were set ' firmly together. His eyes flashed and bis hands twitched nervously. The villanous plot agaiust Nelly likewise provoked him to honest anger, out other portions, especially towards the close, which made all things secure for justice, gave imh intense delight. 44 Gad, Mr. Clayton,” he exclaimed, when Albert was done, 44 wc have the ball entirely at >ur feet. You have managed the matter nobly, md circumstances have played into our hands ! iriili singular good luck. We are in a position to ! ihiver their hellish scheme to atoms, and I shall ! jam a triumph over Chipps which will fully repay the evil trick he and her ladyship did in jetting me ousted ns your father’s agent.” 44 That,” returned Albert, 44 was a step I itrongly disapproved of and deplored, but my tttber was getting weak iu the mind, and Jezc 15el had gained such a power over him ; she in j ler turn, L cuspect, being the puppet of I 44 Oh, I understand the thing perfectly,** said | Hr Bell. 44 It doesn’t matter now, for we can I >nfile them, and that’s everything. The death | >f Walsh, of course, prevents us from pressing j (gainst them the crime of intended murder,and, , ■ is you say, it might do us no good to bring up i Ubipps for his conduct to the poor boy. It will ; )e enough of revenge to us and mortification to ;hem to knock away every plank from beneath iheir feet, and leave them floundering in tho 41 Then you will take the case in hand P” said ihe youth. 44 Won’t I !” exclaimed the solicitor. 44 Never lid I enter on one with more gusto. Let me ; lee now. If thoy are audacious enough to show j ; 3ght, as I believe they will—for Chipps,like the ! *orm that he is,will crawl though he is chopped into bits—of course, their defence against the slaims of Harry will be that he is illegitimate. 1 41 Deborah Hickson can prove the opposite,’ laid Albert, hastily. 4‘ Of course she can; and probably we shall be able to hunt up the certificate. But the plea, sven if it stood good, would not Help them a bit, for suppose Harry’s claim set aside, you some iu next. They can’t make you a bastard on any pretence.” “Thank goodness, no,” said Albert emphatic ally. “But Harry is not illegitimate,and nothing shall keep him out of tho estate ; I^would not take it, even if the law gave it to me.” “Well, well,” smiled Mr. Bell, “ all very good. I don’t think you’ll have an opportunity for the display of such magnanimity, for, if I cau rely on all the points of your story, as no doubt I may, it will not be difficult to make tho ; boy’s claim good. It is the duty of a lawyer to ; anticipate and consider the defence which it is ; probable or possible for the opposite to make. I by no means tbiuk it likely that Chipps will ad-! vise her ladyship to contest Harry’s right, see- j log that neither his success nor his failure can j do her the least good. Besides, you are the ; only party to take steps against him. And were you a greedy, grasping adventurer, and I a law yer of the Chipps stamp, I have no doubt w« might manage to defraud the boy, and put you in the possession of Clayton ” TO BE CONTINUE^ Tea was first grown in China towards tut end of the ainth century, 