THE BISHOP OP GOTJLBURN ON THE LOCAL ANGLICAN PRELATE. The following letter is from the " Evening Penny Post," of Goulburn, to the editor of which journal it was addressed:— Sir,—When I wrote on this subject on 25th April, I was unwilling to write but I felt bound to correct statements mule by the Anglican Bishop, who often speaks of truth. I selected three points out of many in Dr. Chalmers' address to the late synod in his cathedral. First—"The Church of Rome no longer cares to face the argument from Sacred Scripture and primitive Cbristianity." Second—Dr. Chalmers attributed to Cardinal Vaughan these words—"The Mother and Child should be inseparably worshipped with that perfect adoration which is due to God." Third—His claiming the Eastern Churches. To prove the first he gave me in his letter of 27th April the most learned and eminent Englishmen of their day, Cardinal Newman and Cardinal Manning, referring me, too, to their boobs —" The Development of Christian Doctrines" and "The Temporal Power of the Holy Ghost" In my letter of 30th April I showed briefly that both books were made to rest on Sacred Scripture and Doctors of the early centuries. Perhaps Dr. Chalmers may have an edition of Newman's Development written whilst he was a Protestant minister, and may not have in it much Scripture. I have an edition corrected by himself when in the Catholic Church, and it is full of Scripture, as far as could be required for his subject. And how Dr. Chalmers could, if he read these books, give these eminent converts to the Catholic faith as not caring to face the argument from Sacred Scripture and primitive Christianity is very wonderful. To do so in the case of Cardinal Newman is to villify and defame him- TO do so in the case of Cardinal Manning is to villify and defame him. Wonderful, too, was his reply to the second. He gave me the " London Church Times " (an Anglican paper) as his authority for the words attributed to Cardinal Vaughan. These words, if true, would be very convenient for him, for they would show that Cardinal Vaughan was in opposition to Cardinal Moran on a most important point of Catholic teaching. Dr. Chalmers cannot have forgotten the learned and beautiful and full replies of Cardinal Moran to his contention that Catholics worship the Blessed Virgin as they worship her Divine Son, true God and true man, as also to other assertions of Dr. Chalmers. He then had Cardinal Moran and the authorised teaching of the Catholic Church on one side, and he had on the other side the authority of the Protestant" London Church Times " to prove the laiccuracy of a quotation which, if true, would prove that Cardinal Vaughan held heretical doctrine, as I properly called it He might, with the same love of truth, take the " Protestant Standard " in Sydney to prove a statement of Cardinal Moran on a religious subject With that class of evidence before him, in a solemn address to his synod he puts down Cardinal Vaughan as using the words given in the second point. In my two previous letters I had no doubt about its being false and a not unusual fabrication on the part of Protestant writers ; but two days ago I got the " Catholic Times" and " Catholic Opinion " of 13th September, 1895\. Dr. Chalmers gave me the address of Cardinal Vaughan as given at tbe Catholic Conference in the Colston' Hall, Bristol, England, on Monday, tbe 9th September. I have before me the magnificent address of Cardinal Vaughan on the reunion of Christendom referred to, but there is in it no reference to the Blessed Virgin. On tbe previous day —Sunday—the Cardinal preached on; the Blessed Virgin after the consecration of a new church in Bristol, and this must be the address referred to. This "Catholic Times" being-a paper •Of high character, may be'taken?-as giving Cardinal Vaughan correctly. The text of his sermon ls> "Behold Thy Son : Behold Thy Mother. (John, e., xix.) After pointing out the hope given to Adam and Eve after their fall in the picture of the Woman: and Child, the Woman to be the counterpart of Eve and the Child was to raise the human race to sanctity, we find the following :— " And that. Redeemer was to be the fruit of the womb of a virgin, and the Mother and the Child were to be tbe pledges of our happy immortality." • The Cardinal showed .thei Woman and CMd were kept before lie people of God In the Old Testament clown to the Aingel Gabriel getting her consent to become the Mother of .the Redeemer. ; We then.find the following ^: " She was .thus associated wHh Hlm in the great mystery'of the Redemption and Incarnation. She presented this Child who was to crush the serpent'* head, to destroy the power of the spirit, and to restore to the rbildreu of Adam a new and better life—she presented this Child as Boon as He was born to Joseph, who represented in bis own, person the Church of God in the Old and New. Tefrtament; she presented Him to the poor shepherds who came to her; it was through her hands that they received His benediction ; she presented Him to the wise men, the kings of the earth who had come from afar. She was associated with Him in the presentation in the temple^ and it was her arms that lifted Him up and put Him in the hands or the high priest, so that with her and through her His infancy should be consecrated to the love and service of God. Thus they saw she was closely associated with Him, and this intimacy continued not only for the thirty years which He spent under her guidance and in obedience to her word, but when He went forth to preach the Gospel and to endure His passion and death." The Cardinal shows how she was with Him through His life to His death. She was, therefore, united with the Incarnate Son of God, not only In the moment of the Incarnation, but through the whole course of her life. These words follow :— " The two were inseparable. Those who did not belong to the Catholle Church often uttered words of reproach against Catholics as being either superstitious or as paying to the creature the honour due to God, or as in a foolish manner uniting by an inseparable union Jesus and Mary together. Catholics were reproached because when they said the ' Our Father' they added to it the 'Hail Mary.' They were condemned because the praises of Mary were constantly on their lips and in their hearts. Yet who were they who were Scripturally united j who were they who were purely Biblical in their worship ? Surely they who honoured the Woman and the Child; surely they who looked upon Mary as .Jesus looked upon her." In that quotation Cardinal Vaughan says that those who did not belong to the Catholic Church uttered words of reproach against Catholics as either superstitious or paying to the creature the honour due to God, or as in a foolish manner uniting by an inseparable union Jesus and Mary together. Singular enough, and with cruel perversity, the Protestant "Church Times" of London puts Cardinal Vaughan down as saying as Catholic teaching what the Cardinal states as being uttered by Protestants against the Catholic Church. There is then no doubt but the " Church Times " of London fabricated a gross falsehood against Cardinal Vaughan and the Catholic Church, and Dr. Chalmers only retailed the gross falsehood against Cardinal Vaughan and the Catholic Church. Many Protestants are very sincere, and if they got the catechism which is used to teach the Catholic children through Australia they would then learn what is really the teaching of the Catholic Church, which must be in substance the same all over the world. Very likely, too, they should say we, at times, heard things very different. As to the Eastern Churches separated from the Roman See: Although separated for several hundred years before that thing called the Reformation was begun, these churches generally teach the old Catholic doctrines as taught in the Catholic Church. They reject Rome, and are off the Rock, and on that account are as strong in rejecting Rome as is English Protestantism. But these churches have less connection with English Protestantism than with Rome, and could not be taken as strengthening English Protestantism. Dr. Chalmers, in his letter of May the 2nd, says:—"I have no intention to reply to the Right Rev. Bishop Lanlgan's" theological utterances." I only stated that the quotation put into Cardinal Vaughan's mouth was hereti- cal. There was not much need to reply to that. He adds—" But there is a matter of fact in question." From the first he had no sufficient justification to put forward that matter of fact, so reproachful to the Catholic body. The correct statement of what Cardinal Vaughan did really say puts that matter of fact in ite proper place. Dr. Chalmers also say6:—" Bishop Lanigan and the editor of the ' Church Times' must settle the matter between them, To further this end I will communicate with the editor by the outgoing mail." Dr. Chalmers insults the Catholic body on the authority of London Protestant paper, and the satisfaction we get is he will write to that paper, as if it should be taken as authority to settle our complaint But we do not want it In Dr. Chalmers' notable address to his late synod he lectured controversialists on the Roman side. In his remarks he drew a very good picture of himself. I am, yours faithfully, WM. LANiGAN. Goulburn, 9th May, 1896. 