DAT OF REST. PRINCIPLES By J. B. Uastjnms, M.A. MrtUtcke& to Young Men, In. ^Palnvcrgton-place ■, ,1; Church. Edinburgh. ., t _ ■V-Pipve all things; hold fast that ich is good. iTitiSS. v, 2h . ' It , inay fairly, I think;- W questioned whether, iriour conduct of life, in the regula tion of pur Affairs, in our intellectual arid moral decisiqh^^wo are as much ahrmated as our fatheri were by regard to pririoiplW Wc seem to thWt with fewer men whose'lives are the matijljesfc working out of clear, ahd.definito and strong .convictions. The geuer&l; heightening has apparerttly lifted them out of the region wliero overy stop taken was the prompting of fiotheS inward and imperative decision. The eoiiBeifence of the community has largely taken tho 'iflaop of the conscience of the individual. Therbia a greater disposition to run with the multitude, to swing with majorities, to he car ried al^hg hy the prevailing Currents of the tiinie. 'lacae are more plentiful hut opinions rarer than they used to be. Men of "indo Bendent mind" aro not so common. In calmly linking over the leading 'tendencies of the ago, in observing the sudden changes that.take place in publio opinion on various Suestabns, in listening to the explanations of ieir intellectual decisions, we cannot but have it impressed upon us, or at least sug gested to ne, that the considerations that in mienpte men aro not sojprodominantly rational as-they once were. Tney have not so much regard as their fathers had to settled rules of action, governing laws of conduct, thoughts, arid _ beliefs which exercise a directing, con straining influence on behaviour and life. The ago of intolerance is past. A latitudinarian epoch has set in. The danger is, that under the new rfyime we Amy lose our grasp of principles; and, in our anxiety to be accounted broad and charitable, cease to hold strong and settled opinions regarding life and duty. • And first, let me lay down a general theorem—No man eon be truly liberal and tolerant who does not hold definite and de cided convictions. The popular idea seems to he that the man of principle, in this sense of the word, is1 a narrow mail, with something of bigotry in his composition. But this is a mistake—a profound mistake. It is confound ing two tilings that essentially differ, prejudice and principle. These are as far as the poles asunder. The man of prejudice^ it is true, agrees with the man of principle in having pro nounced and i»sitivo views. But in the one ease they have no real ground in reason; they cannot bo substantiated by serious argu ment; they have their root somewhere in the emotional region; and if they have touched the rational part of him at all it is only after they have passed through the perverting haze in which the lower nature lives and moves, and generally " trailing clouds of" passion "as they come." The man of principle, on the other hand, has thought out his position, has examined the premises Bulmiittcd to his in apection in the clear light of reason, and has drawn his conclusion, has narrowly examined every side of his subject, and knows what has been advanced against the decision to which he has oonu;. llo lias folt the force of most of the objections, and'-' can therefore fully sympathise with those with whom they- nave still weight. In short, the man of principle, whoso life and con duct are the expression of opinions tbat he has worked his way along rational channels, and that be now holds — not a« matters of convenience or expediency, but of para mount obligation, holds, because all the dictates of his nature toll him tbat lie must, if he would be true to himself and trod—lie is the only liberal and tolerant man. All other forms of tolerance and libe rality so-called aro only the betrayal of easy going, shallow natures which, not Wing them selves rooted and grounded in conviction, do not roc.ogniso the intense force of con viction in others, and cannot accordingly sympathize with its practical working. The pseudo-libe ralism of the day is only an illustration of the Intellectual limitations that are incapable of ajrpreoiating true breadth. No one can be really tolerant of another's position who has not himself felt the force of the. reasonings that have led to its beimr taken. Then; is thus a whole world of difference between tho man of prejudice and the man of principle; and only the latter, tho possessorof definite and decided convictions, which, through much tribulation, ho has worked out lor himself in the silence, and solitude of his »wn soul, is tho really liberal and tolerant man. Now the practical question is—How stand Me related to this matter? A re wo in possession of priVipto?, and thus able to look abroad with a truly Catholic eye?. Or are we animated by that modern latitiidinarlan spirit which, in pretence of liberality, is simply indifferent to the claims of conviction? "Prove all things; hold fast that ■which is good." bet me apply this apostolic tost to one or two of tho current problems of our time. Take, first, our relation to ' EOOLESMSTIC.'U. PIUNCIPtliS. In themselves considered, mere ques tions of Church government, the pre cise forms to bo observed by reli gious organisations as regards their constitu tion and modes of worship, are of very minor importance. It is no doubt historically into resting to find out how the primitive Church was constituted, and the doty of modern Christians to approximate aa closely as tho altered conditions of the world will allow to the apostolic model. Hut it may safely lie asserted that, as that attitude of prayer is best in which wo can best prav, bo, within the general limits of .Scripture, that form of Church government is most divine which is most effec tive in accomplishing the great ends of the Church. Cod forbid that we should make mere eoclcsiasticisni a cause of division, far less Of strife, among those who name the common Name.' In these days, however, ecclesiastical prin ciples cover a great deal more than simple questions of Church government and forms of service. They closely touch matters of great and pressing importance, affecting the funda mental interests of the, kingdom of Cod. One of thi^ie, on which all young men must sooner »v later make up their minds, if they wish to lie guided in matters ecclesiastical' by prin ciple, concerns the essential nature *0/ the Cnnroh of Christ. The issues -are as clear as. anything can lie. •They are brought out into bold relief in every Conference or Convention having for its aiin toe " Jtounion of Christendom.*' We are con fronted by two diametrically opposed con ceptions of the Christian Church—the one, that it is an inward and spiritual institution, though neotssariiy manifesting itself in out ward forms for the furtherance of its work; and the other, that it is primarily an outward and visible institution, through which alone the spiritual ends of the Church can lie achieved. Membership in the erne is obtained !>y faith in Jesus Christ, and the consequent, possession of tlie Holy Spirit. Membership m the other, by the performance of certain rites, administered by priestly hands, whirl) «laini the jiowcr of admitting thereby into the kingdom of heaven. " Christ, Christ," is the watchword of the one; "The Church, The Church," the watchword of the other. " Be-; lievo and be Baved" is the gospel of the one:, '4 Do this atxdiliye" the law of tno other. All | who love ilfoBord in sincerity and truth," d>v 1 whateverinamb known, arc in feUowshipwito the oner only those ndmittcid along these j chartered, channels into, the "trae ChureVof j G«d"-^by,j.which is meant the outward !tuid visible institution to which the name ls.re stricted—are in fellowship with the other. These are the recognised opiriiohs of those who entertain what is popularly, known as,. " High Clnirch" views. It •iH.' 'not a question, you perceive, of Bishop versus Presbyter; music and ritual as against a simpler oilier of service. The popular i<iea is that the difference lies in these. If.it:- did, there would be no necessity to say a word on the subject. It is far deeper, and a thousand times more important. It affects the fundamental conception of the Church of-. Jesus Christ, and of the way of sal vation.-, The real alternatives are bondage to an exclusive ecelosiasticism, or "the liberty wherewith Christ hath mndo us free." I am greatly mistaken if tho young people of this country will not one day have to make their choice between Christ and tho 44Church;" faith and the sacraments; the minister and tho priest; spiritual worship (which need not, however, be barren or bare) and luscious cere monial and gorgeous Hymljolism, overlaying tho simple verities of the Christian creed. When that day comes, may they be able, by earnest study of the question now, in its essential nature and far- reaching effects, to tako their stand on clear principle; and to give back to the would-be Judaizers of the nineteenth cen tury the noble reply of Peter, (hat this is "a burden which neither we nor our fa thers have been able to bear." "Prove all things; hold, fast that which jh good." Another matter of certainly Jess import ance, hut still groat enough to constrain those, who wish to be governed in their ecclesiastical decisions by principle to give it close atten tion, concerns the spiritual independence of,' the Church of Christ. Unhappily, this in our day has become associated in many minds with so much bitter and rancoifftns controversy that it is almost impossible to look calmly and clearly at the issues involved. Let inc try to lift it entirely out of that region. The quos tion is—What is tho true domain and conse quent mission of the Church? Is it restricted to_ matters spiritual; or may it also include things secular and material? lias it to do with tho conscience alone of tho individual and the community; or has it likewise a bearing, directly aud immediately, upon tho outward life? Js Christ its sole lfoa<l; or does it own subjection to a double authority—Christ and the King? Is there such a thing as "national religion," apart from the individuals of whom the nation is oomjxisod? or, if so, wherein does it consist? Must the Church he entirely inde pendent of tho (state in its corporate oapainty doing its work in its own clearly-defined sphere, brooking no interioronco or suggestion of interference from the civil power; or must tho Church seek some outward (not inward and Spiritual, according to the other concep tion) alliance with the Htat.e, and be supported in tho doing of its own sjjeoific work by State aid ? These' . arc questions, as you will at once see, that lie behind, aud are independent, of, tho current eontro versaries of tho hour. They deal with the essential principles of the Kingdom of God, and tho manner and method of its furtherance in tho world. Theyhavo jk> relation to mate rial bigness or social prestige or monetary jxiwor, or any of the thousand and ono thiiigs about which men strive. They can lie discussed, as our fathers discussed them, in the spirit of Christ and in tho light, of revelation, and with tho whole trend of human history as our guide. 9o discussed they become divested of all passion and prejudice and preconception, and are suffused witli a deep religious iiit/;rest and significance. I therefore counsel you to got back of .all those wretched wrangling* that embitter the hearts of so many Christians at the present day, and make a careful study of the nature and mission of the Church of Christ, and, taking your stand on a clear and definite principle—and what tlct, will be I have not a shadow of doubt—allow it to influence all your decisions and rule your entireecclesiastical life. 44 Prove all things; hoid fast that which is frond." Secondly, Jet us examine our relation to TtiEOT.OOlOAT, We liavo just passed through a period that cannot lie bettor descried than as one of doc trinal discontent. Speculation and scepticism played fast and loose with theology as with other things. Tho time-honoured beliefs that have Ix-en emlxxlied in our creeds and confes sions wore subjected to rigid criticism. The result was a time of considerable unsottlomont regarding doctrinal matters. Alongside of tins movement was a deepened interest, in social questions and in publin work. Men seemed to swing with a recoil from theological j speculation to acti ve service. The consequence j was to create a deep weariness of dry doctri- J nal discussion, and a persistent demand for I practical preaching. One has oft,en remarked these alterations in the long history of the world. Thought and action have followed each other like sunshine and shower on an April day. There are signs, not, a few, of a genuine revival of theological interest. Books tlcaling with this subject are receiving in our time a ! gratifying amount of attention. But the result of the transition has been that the. present generation are less deeply grounded to theological principles t.han their fathers wfcro. They are more liable to be "blown about, by every wind of doctrine." They have 110 fixed standard in their own minds by which to test the shifting theories that are all abroad. Tliey are guided in their judgments more by what they believe Chris tianity outfit to teach, than by actual know ledge of the truths of Scripture. These indica tions are shown in a vast variety of ways. Tliey are simply indisputable,. And the effect is seen in that restless Athenian spirit of the age, manifested particularly by the youth of the period, always on the outlook for some new thing. Our fathers1 creed, to our modern ideas, was somewhat contracted in spirit atwl in aim ; but it was at least definite. 1 hey knew what they 1/clieved. They were rooted and grounded in their faith. They were systematically familiar with the teachings ofv .Scripture. Every sermon was a miniature treatise in theology. And who shall say, that that.sound, systematic Scriptural education had not a lit tie to do with the forniation and development of all that is noblest in the Scottish character? It wiil he a happy day for Our country and tho world when the reviving theological spirit has touched with its happy contagion the mind of youth. There are great, essential doctrines regarding which you. yocng men, ought to give forth 110 uncertain sound. Such .ire tho fact of sin and tlie necessity for atonement,; the in carnation of the Eternal Son. His perfect life, and death of sacrifice for us men and our sal vation; 1 lis glorious resurrection, and the in spiring truth that He lives-4ives and reigns with God exalted, preparing a place for His people; the blissful penteeostoT; ■ Holy Ghost; and the certainty of the final conquest of the world for Christ. These and similar truths should fx* so wrought, into the fabric of your constitution as to be positively- inde Btruetiblo. _ What we all need to-day, ao a counteractive to the prevailing tendencies" of the age, is more decided and definite theolo gical principles. _ Think of the magnificent dogmatism of Scripture 1 Who was ever for a moment left in doubt regarding the doctrinal . position of Paul or Peter, . James, br John? May not the general weakness of the Christian Church, and the slowness ■with which it is achieving its groat world-purpose, be largely., due to the loose hold it has of fundamental principles? And may not , the apologetic tone soi frequently adopted—particularly in dealing with tho young, where, if anywhere, we should religiously eschew all " critical experiments," and deal with " ascertained and acknowledged truth"—have not a little to do with tho feeling that prevails in some quarters that Christianity iB "an open question," which is tho last thing in the world wo-should allow to-be said," or thought, or felt? Therefore, in matters of Christian doctrine " prove all things; hold fast that whioh is good." Similarly might 1. deal with Intollectual Principles, where Pilate's question, "What is Truth?" should bo tho great standard of appeal; and with Moral Principles, where every thing is_determined by rigid adherence to the i law of right. No young roan whose thinking and acting are governed by these can ever go wilfully and woefully astray. But I hasten, in conclusion, to turn your attention to RKMGIOPH l'lUKCU'I.KB. These are determined by tho attitude of the soul toward God, and the great facts of the spiritual and eternal world. JReligioij? is to theology what tho spirit is to the body. Each is indispensable to the development and cul ture of the full-grown man. Without religion there would lie no real connection between the soul and-God, no spiritual life. Without theo logy, that life would have no adequate sphe.ro for its exercise, Some knowledge of God necessary before we can believe in Him, and live in His presence. And the better in structed a Christian is, the clearer his views of Divine truth, of the relations in which Scrip ture doctrines stand to caeli other, and of the eternal reason on which they are based, the likelier subject be is for tho growth of a strong and healthy religion. Indeed, nothing is more striking than the inter-relation between all the themes that have been touched on in this dis course. Yet, in their essence, each is hut a handmaid to "pureand undcfilod religion." As the body without the spirit is dead, so the most enlightened views of the nature and mission of the Clnirch of Christ; tho fullest acquaint ance with systematic theology; the most absolute regard to truth and rectitude, may conceivably co-exist with no veal knowledge of the true God, and of Jesus Christ wboni He has sent. Hence the unspeakable importance of religious priueiple, which consists in vital union to God through Jesus Christ, and by the agency of the Holy Spirit; habitual fellowship and communion with Him, through tho means which He has appointed ; and the swaying of tho whole of life, within and without, by.con siderations directly attributable to our relations to Iliin. When a young man, exposed to temptation that boils his blood, feels constrained to cry out, "How can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?" Or when in the midst of dire perplexity as to what is duty, he ex claims, " Show me Thy ways, O Lord ;-teach me Thy paths." Or when, smitten witli deep contrition because of transgression, he pleads, V»Create in mo a clean heart, 0 God, anil renew a right spirit within me." When a young man gets into the habit thus of referring all the events of his life to God, his difficulties and decisions, his sins and sufferings, his trials and triumphs, lifting them up into tho' Eternal Presence, that they may lie bathdfl and illumined in tho light of God, he is ani mated by religions principles. .Strive to get these er roofed in the. very corn of your being. Attend diligently to the culti vation of your spiritual nature. " fcxerei yourselves "in godliness." In this highest region of all " prove all things: hold fast that which is good." 