SEO!{D AND TRUE LOVE. CULPT~E IT. CONRTelCATIONO OF MADELE"'S DIAUeY. I rens left Ruth's pretty, quiet white house. I could not bear to be there longer. She is engaged, and her lover and she met often while I was there. He is a doctor, and they are soon to be married, and their utter, unruffled happiness was like the stab of a new wound in my heart. It was not envy, that bitterest of all things that are unaharitable, which came to me; it was the aching of a rain regret for my own lost love. dream I To have done with love at five-and twenty I Oh I the misery of it I So I came here to this quiet little gray cottage, perched high up like a gull's nest on the bold cliff aide. There are very few people passing by this high, precipitous path. I can sit for hours in the porch, watching the galls wheel over the water and the brown cobbles come and go through the harbor-bar. I do not read, I do not even sew; but, with a languor that is born of weariness of life, I sit with folded hands and look dully over the bay, and think and think. And it is only when the tears are rolling over my cheoks that I rice, and go in through the little poroh, and, sitting in my tiny room, pray for help and consolotion. I have sold most of my jewels. By a miracle my dressing-case was tossed up by the tea the day after the wreck, and by Doctor Henderby's kind offices it was cent to me. I shall try later on to get pupils here, and so to live; but not yet-not until my jewels are all sold, and the money all but gone; for I am too weaki yet for any exertion at all. I have not alluded to my husband at all. I do not think they guess that I am married, for I have never worn a wedding.ring sinco the day when Gaspard said to me, " Remember, you are my sister i" It is wrong to think ill of the dead -and I feel sure that he is dead; but those words will rankle in my very soul for ever. I never speak of the wreck or the storm to Ruth, and she is kind enough never to torture me by a single line sion to all the auguieh of that remem brauce. She comes every day to my cottage, with her hands full of fresh flowers, and her gentle face bright and tender as a very angel's; and to her all the pent-up affection of my heart has flowed. She is coming up the path as I write. Dear Ruth ! I will lay aside the cold and unsympathetic pen for your own vivid sympathy. I will try to smile an answer to your greeting. My heart is thumping in my bosom with a mixture of feelings so indeecri bhably coufased and so indefinite that I hardly know whether grief or joy pro. dominates-whether hope will dawn again for me or whether Fate is atrm ing afresh an old and yet a now foe to assail me. I walked back with Ruth towards tbo village below. It was not until Doctor Henderby met us that I left her. As 1 wandered slowly back up the steep elope amongst a slight fringing copse of young trees, I saw someone hurrying down the poth. Some sudden emotion-call it in stinet if you will-impelled me to crouch closely, hidden amongst the thick autumn-tinted foliage. I hold my breath, and listened to the thud. ding of my heart in my bosom and the velvety fall of the approaching foot. stepe. And I watched him go past-my husband-strong and soathless, his head held high, his eyes moody. It is night now, and the moon is a white crescent in the sky; but my heart is beating still with a fever, half-terror of him who lives stilt to hate mo, and half-rapture at the strange, sweet discovery that has corn to ohango all the coming years of my life. It was at sunset that Gaspard passed through the copso; and tremb ling, I crept after him, hidden amongst the trees. A determination came to me to follow him home, that I might huow which spot most zealously to shun. Before he reached the town he turned abruptly to the left, and I saw the road winding away dusty and in. distinct in the growing gloom as we two went along it, I like a shadow that shranlek shivering behind him. Tho soea boomed to the ahore away to our right, but hidden now; the town below us was lighting its fliokor uing lampu. Gfaspard's hands were thrust deeoop into his poorkets. Now and again I hoard hIim muttering hoarsely to himself, By-and-by came an iron-wicket, and wo entered, and so on along a winding, laurel-fringed path to a gray-gabled house. He pushed open the door and went in. I orouched amongst the ivy on the old narrow terraeo and watohed. Presently he oame into a room that opened to the quadrangle oloso to me. I eropt noearor. The lamps burned brightly, and the blinds had not beeoon drawn, I ould soo right into the warm, oakl- wainsoottod room. A servant oname in. "A gentleman is waiting to so you, sir." "Bring him to me hero," said Gas. pard, And, as hr waited, he took a photo. graph from his breast, and came to the window with it, and kissed it twice. I could eor the very features of the pictured feoo, fair, and pure, and serone. It was tlhat of Oiodly Joosop. I hIeard lard Gprd whisper, ..my love I my love " It was torture to me to seeo hisi pa. eion ; and yet I could not move from tbhe window; and if he had soon my fece then, surely it must have boon white and raared, like that of a ghost, But a footstep sounded in the hall, and he turned to greet his visitor, thrusting the photograph aside. A tall, rather slonder man aonme into the room, and stretched out his slim handos with cordial eagerness, "Gas,.. pard, cousin, I could't hear of my from the crr:k titLcut l kUirig yon upl How ghId, ol bLy, how more then gled I am to ose you atgin r.Er all these yie rc I' " This is really good of you, Ray !" said Geapard, eihking hands cordially enough. "It is an age ;ince we met I And what cheng. s I Poor uncle gone, and Co.cin Sim, tool You muot be lonely at the Hall." "'Lonely indeed t You must come to me, and make it your home awhile, Gaspard." " Thank you I Later, perhaps. I shall lie perdu awhile; globe.trotting has proved very exhbtusting work. Take a chair, old boy I TheE are Villa-villts, these Larranagas; take your favourite, and light up. The whisky's at your elbow, unless you prefer wine." As the two men smoked, their feet spread out to the fire, Gaspard's cousin leaned forward. " Did you bring home a wife ?" he asked, laughing. " You always said you would. You used to rave about colonial girls-fro?hunee, physique, fabulous wealth, ct cetera." " I have not married," said my hus. band, slowly watching the omoke wreaths curl above him. I wonder did they chow him my face, that he started so suddenly. "Eh ? What aile you, boy ?" " Nothing-nothing 1" Then there was rather a long eilence. An owl flew oat from the ivy above my bead, hooting discordantly. " Owls, ivy, gables, bats l" said Ray, emnted. "You've got a fine old place here, Gaspard I" " Now, you're here, you must stay as long as possible," said Gaspard, " and I undertake to educate you into quite a fondness for 'tho fine old place.' How about your luggage 2" " ify man is with it. I've brought very little. By.the-way, Gaspard, I will just slip away a moment. If I stay the night, I must write to town." " Writing materials in the room on the left," said Gaspard, lazily, from the tabernacle of smoke in which he sat, "Shall I come with you, Ray, or can you find your way F" " Sit still-sit still I" said his ocusin, hurrying out of the room. Left alone, Gaspard came over to the window again. He stood there looking out, hie faoe close to mine, though he never saw me. I was petrified with terror. . He was eery pale; the wicked gleam of bis eyes was like that of a tiger's ; his fingers worked nervously. I heard him say, very low, " it is fortunate-fortunate I Raymond Dave cant is the only men between me and the Davenant estate-the only man left, and he must go I" Hoe turned away then, and it was fortunate, for at that moment a hor rible premonition came to me of all that was in store, and I dropped down amongst the ivy, and lay still, ago nised, my cheek anginst the wet, dank leaves that littered the ground. A great drowsy humming and whir ring filled my head, and the blood poured up from my heart in boiling waves. I sank down with a gasp amongst darkness, and coldness, and wailings unutterable. When I recovered from my fainting fit it was late. The blinds had all been drawn, my lips were chilled, my head oahing, and the moonlight lay in a white band down the narrow path. I got up slowly, and, as I wont stumbling homeward, a certainty that was sweet beyond all measuro grow in my breast. I was dozed with wonder and hope. I had longed so for this, and, at its darkest hour, its promise had come to mo. There was P ray of coming gladness in my dark life. Gaspard had cast me off; had, no doubt secretly rejoiced to think me dead; but now, at this sweet now link between us, my scorn and hatred of him died away; a shadow of the old love-dream thrillo? me. My child would" be his child too, and in a few months I should hb a mother. But now more than ever I must keep out of my husband's eight. He hated me as much as he loved Ciooly, and he was unscmrupulous enough I know to wish my death. I must run no risk of that kind- at least, until my child was born. Afteorwards, perhaps, if I went to him with baby in my arms; if I put his own child into his armo, and told him how willingly I would forget the past, perhaps then he might love me again. But not I even as I thought, I shuddered. His love for Oioely, as fire drives out fire, would overwhelm any faintest eare he might fool for me.; and, besides, there would bo a gulf bo tween us by thoe, unless something intervened to proventit. The desporalb purpoae I had road in his eyes, as he stood'beside the window, would have had: time to come to fruit. "'Raymond Davenant is the only man who stands between mo and the Davenant estate, and he must go 1" What did Iheo mean by those words ? Oh I I know too well I His eyes, his cold, oraolly oynical lips, his very gestures had all boon eloquent. I felt a great pity spring up in my heart for Raymond .Dvonant. Imade up my mind, by some means, myself unrooognised, to warn him. But how 1 And I thought of poor Jamieson and his fate, and my eyes were wot with tears, that I could soareooly un fasten my little white wioket. Poor Raymond I I think of him as I sit here and tremble, and I wonder how, and when, and where 2 . ocAPTER V. T'nit two omen sarit face to fadeo in the library at Elmley.; Geaspard was a little flushed, Ray palq, his fleeoo intol. lootual fico graysve, "It's of no use' bedging round the matter, Gaspard, old fellow," he said, laying his hand upon his cousin'o shoulder. Goaspard rudoly thllrow it aside, and interrupted his companion's gentle insiteoneo. "And I toll you, Ray, I won't con sider thIre matter for an instant I" "You think I am patronicing and officious," said Raymond, hout, but still deatermined. "That is rubbish I The b' he i-s t, !conely hole focr a Lch:Eor atcd rc ncEs like me, and if you ;ould only coroent to share both bcme rnd income, we might besoms, cn in spirit -e have always been, brothers No; don't shake your head !" "Do you think you can ever per aonde me," laughed Gaspard. " I moan to 'dreo my own weird'-paddle my own canoes, if you like the term better. I'll visit you awhile later on; but for a permanency-my dear fellow I'm a rolling-stone I" "I would become one, too; we could, at leant, roll in company 1" said Raymond, with an odd, eager humour. "Let us shake hands on it. Brothers !-isn't it to be so ?" "My good cousin." cried Gaspard, with a bored smile, " I won't hear of it I And now we'll talk of something else I You were be.moaning your bachelor solitude. Why not get married ?" Raymond's face grew dreamy. "I never yet saw the woman I would like for a wife," he said, slowly. "I may do some day; but I don't think so." "Despair of finding the rava avis ? Well, I could show you a picture that might turn your head." " Experiment on me," said Ray, quietly; "you will find me impression proof, I fancy." "Rather an ungracious frame of mind, Well, look here I" Gaspard put a photograph, deli cately coloured, into his cousin's hand. Ray looked at it critically, and finally returned it without a word. "Isn't she lovely ? " demanded Gaspard, piqued. "Very. She reminds me a good deal of a little thing I used to romp with years ago-the daughter of an old friend of my father's." " What was the name of the child you knew ? " "Cicely Jessop." " The same I " Gaspard drew a long breath, and threw a basilisk look at his com panion, as though he were jealous even of Cicely'e long-ago playmate. "The same ? I fancied eo I She has grown into a pretty girl," said Ray; " I always thought she would." He spoke so calmly and looked so emotionless that the man before him, gazing with a fierce anger at the pictured face, almost felt reproved. "It is yearc since I saw her father," said Raymond, slowly; "for old time's sake I should like to see him again." "You mean you would like to eon her." "I mean nothing of the kind. Cicely Jesoop has no other fascination for me than of a pretty child. I am older than you, you know, Gaspard; I am two-and-thirty, and my blood does not glow at every pair of women's eyes I meet." "Nor does mine," returned Gas. pard; "but Cicely would stir an anchorite." "May I congratulate the ancho rite ? " laughed Raymond, quizzi. cally. Gaspard put away the photograph, and rose, yawning. "No, you may not; but you may put on your hat, Ray, and come with me to Cedarhurst, and there you can talk over auld laug syne with the banker, while I decoy Miss Cicely, if fate favors me, into a dissertation upon art in the pioture-gallery. Will nuld laung syn quite satisfy you, or shall you foreake old Father Time for his beautiful daughter ? " " Whatever I do you will have no eyes for me, that is patent," laughed Ray, as he lazily adjusted his hat in the hall. "It is plain to me that you are captive h sea beaux youx. Does she seem equally affected, Gaspard ?" Gaspard shook his head lightly. " Who can answer for a woman's tasto ?" he exclaimed, gaily. And so the two strode on together. Arrived at Codarhnret, they were shown at ones into the drawing-room. The fire was leaping in the quaint, Duteh.tiled grate; there were bowls of chrysanthemnums upon the brazen table drawn up to the fireside; and at the chased brass samovar sat Cicely, in a maize-colored ton-gown, that fell away at throat and elbows, and threw oat a sweet and subtle fragrance, whioh always clung about her. She rose at once seeing Gaspard, but looked beyond him, and almost forgot to greet him as she strotohed out both hands to Raymond, "It is you I--it really is, after all these years I How glad I am to see you again, Raymond I You always spoiled me so, and it is so nies to be spoiled I And how tiresomo it was of you to stay away till I have grown a woman quite, and can't be spoiled any more I" " Oicely, my dear hobild, and grown ouat of pigtaitls and pinaforeasl I am so glad to be here to admire the but. torfly after those old ohrysalis days I" Ansi so the two mot as though they had parted but for a little while, and there was no faintest constraint upon them. Oicoly gave them tean and clhattorsd away happily until her father returned from town; then greetings were re newed, and a very saentisfactory evening ensued. The curtains wore drawn and the tall lamps lighted beneath their blue shades, and Raymond and Mr. Jeossop sat down to chesoos. Daveonant drew Ciooly to the piano. "Just one song I" he pleaded. But she would not sing; she sat quietly for a moment, touhobing the keys now and again with an unoon. saoious hand. Then sheo began to play softly. As theo osweet notes died into silenoo Raymond looked up with his bishop in his hand. "Bravo, Cioolly I Don't you re. ,member practising that for Herr Wiodordonnor, and you made me put pouenios on your hands, as he did, to tonoeah yon finger-balance, and when yoa made a mistakelo I hadl to rap your Lucklon ?"' "Ye," e abo laughcd. "You were i capital deputy Herr. You weor very sovero. But I always kept the pennies." "Check I" exclaimed Raymond, smiling into the banker's oyoes. "When that game is finished I want youn to come and play this dust I with me, Iay," tuid Cicely, loo:ing over her thoulder ithb pretty pcrcmp torinese; and when a few moments later Mr. JeCnop confeeoed himcelf vrnqunihEd Raymond at once obeyed her cummone. The duct went off brilliantly, and Cicoly would not let her old playfellow leave the piano. " You coed to Eing," bh Eraid coax ingly. "Herr Widerdonner ne.d to ray youe hd anu angel voice.' " "No; he cl!led it an 'angle voice,' " returned I:symond ruefully. " Well, what rhall I oing, child 2" She put " .My Lady's Bower" upon the music-stand before him, and hbe sang it eqniseitely in his tenderly modulated tenor. Cicely was de lighted, and song followed song and duet followed duet until it grew late, and Gaspard looking up impatiently from the corner-table where he was isolated with Mdr. Jessop at chess (a game he detested) said to his visa- vis, " I think, :Mr. Jessop, I must say good night. I've a batch of letters to writo before to-morrow." Raymond rose at once and the two men went away together. Cicely went out to the terrace-steps to watch them out of eight. Raymond looked back at her and waved his hand with a gesture almost boyish, but Gaspard did not turn his head. He strode along moodily. The evening had been a wretched one for him. He could not forgive his cousin for Cicely's frank, gracious friendli ness. He set his teeth fiercely into his lips as he walked, and there was a savage glitter in his eyes. " What is it old fellow ? Are yon seedy ?" asked Raymond, impatient of his cousin's gloomy silence. " I'm well enough I" said Gaspard, in surly fashion. Then he shook off his vexation and turned a smiling face to the man be side him. " You seemed on very good terms with Mies Jessop for a woman-hating bachelor, Ray," he remarked. " I never said I hated women," re turned Bay, slowly. "I don't. I admire them and reverence them. I only said I had never met the woman I should like to make my wife." " And can you say the same thing to.night ?" asked Gaspard, jealously. " Certainly I can. Cicoly Jessop could never make me alter my mind, and I am sure she would never wish to. We used to be like brother and sister, and we shall take the same footing now." There was silence, then Raymond spoke again. " Look here, cousin. Don't lot us misunderstaud each other. I don't love Cicely, and never could. She could never love me, so don't be jealous. When you marry her I shall be the first to congratulate you both." " You will never congratulate me I" said Gaspard, bitterly. " She is going to marry Christian Mainwarning." They turned in at Elmeley gates just then, and the lamplight fell upon his face, and Ray shuddered as he saw it. CHAPTER VI.-iADELLINE'SI DIARY CONTINUED. I went to St. Hilda's grand old ruins to-day. Ruth has been telling me some of the ourious legends of the convent and priory, and a great in terest had grown within me for the gray, dismantled towers. As I wandered to anod fro amongst the arches and decayed pillars, scan ning every nook curiously, I came upon Raymond Davenant, the man I had seen in my husband's house-the man I had made up my mind to save, if I could. He was sketching busily. From the place where I stood I could see the bold and yet delicate outlines of his sketch. He was washing in the sky, and I heard him mutter, " too blue. Not transparent enough. What a city for an October day." I moved a step nearer, impelled by a sudden decision to come within the scope of his notice. Fate was giving mo a chbance to warn him. My skirts rustled over the boulders, with their trailing masses of stone crop and ground ivy; the pebbles under my feet rattled and rolled. He looked up and saw me. A. strange expression came into his face. He paled and started I fancied, and he sprang up suddenly, and stood looking at me. I spoke to him calmly. " I am afraid I have disturbed you. Do not leave your work; I am going away," And I knew while I spoke that he would ask me to stay. "Don't go 1" he said, in a strange, hushed way. "I-can go on with my workl--another day. Are you looking at the Abbey 2" "Yes, How grand it all is. On a day like this one can almost fancy time has slipped centuries back. One can fancy these ruined wallo stand firm again, and one paces through the aisles, a nun in 8t. Hilda's train." He was. silent for a moment, but his eyes glowed. You are imaginative," he said then. "Do you know ?" He hesitated, " What were you going to say ? " I asked. "I was going to say-but you will be offended-that I could not fanoy you a nun in Saint Hilda's train. You are too young, and too beaonuti= ful." I stared at him blankly, then I smiled a little. "I am not offended," I said, rather wearily-for why should.I care that a man thought me beautiful. "I think those nuns must have been very happy. I wisha my dostiny had beun so peacefully east." I abheoloed myself; the air neomed to grow suddenly heaonvy and thick. I sat down- upon a great grey boulder ann lookled around me. I was dizzy and weako, and I remembered, with a start, that I had a mission to make known to the man before me. 1H0 camsen over to mo whore I eat, iniet and cold, withl my eyes on the dreamy depth of sky westward. "You are ill," he said, compas. ionatoly, And lthe pity in his voico mnde me long to ory, to ory-oh I oolish lheart of mine-upon those strong, oindly shoulders, that looked so able to hear the burdeons of others. "I am not strong," I said, wemkly, dith a sob in my throat, " Have yonu Lue long in Whitby p You are not r, Lentiv of the place ?" he evid. " I have not been here long. I am not r native," I told him. Then I took fresh courage, and met his glance firmly, as I went on, "have you been here long ?" ";ot very. I came to see a cousin of mine, who was saved from the recent wreck. He end I have always been like brothers, but of late years we had drifted apart." " His name is---" "Gaspard Davenant l" said Ray. mond, with a look of surprise. How ill-bred he most have thought me. As he spoke my husbund's name eo glibly I felt the warm blood eddyin my veins; I put my hand to my throat to still the violent palpitation of my heart; my voice souuded harsh and unnatural when I spoke again. " Mr. Davenant--" I began. "How did you know my name ?" he asked, quickly, "I guessed that it might be the same as your consi's," I answered, confusedly. " Is it 2" "It is. 5y name is Raymond Davenant." " Mr. Davenant, will you promise me that, if I tell you something known to no human creature but myself, you will never breathe a word of it, and never mention me to anyone living till I give you leave ?" He looked amazed. "I promise," he said, gently; " but ashy should you make a confidant of me 2" " Because it concerns you I" I broke out, passionately. "Oh I Mr. Dave. nant, I want to tell you that your cousin is a wicked, unscropulous manl He wants the Davenant estate ; he has made up his mind to--to put you out of the way I Beware of him, beware; let him have no opportunity to work you ill I" I could say no more, my voice died away in a choking sigh; I laid my hand ncnonEciounly upon Raymond's sleeve; but he drew his arm away, and looked at me with a growing shadow of distrust and, it seemed to me, scorn in his clear gray eyes. "You are wrong," he said coldly; "my cousin's character refutes such calumny. I do not know who yeou are who knows so much of our family affairs; but you do not know quite enough. It remains for me to tell you that, co far from envying me the estate, my cousin even refuses to share it. I offered him this morning half of all I possess, and the position of a brother in my home, and be rejected it 1" " You are so generous," I buret out, eagerly; "you judged him to be like yourself. And how could you know, as I do, that he refused half because he is determined to have the whole ?" Raymond Davenant puehed me aside, and turned upon his heel. His contempt, stranger as he was, stung me into fresh misery. "Do not treat me like this," I moaned, b, Ting my faoo in my hands. " Think, ,have done it, I have warned you, for your own oake. I can have no other motive I" He came back to me, and drew my hands away from my face; his deep, quiet eyes read mine for an instant. "You are right I" he said, almost tenderly. ' You can have no other motive. Ya are mistaken; but, at least, you are disinterested I" "I am not mistaken," I said mournfully. "But at least I have done my best to warn you. Promise me you will never tell anyone of this morning's conversation." " I promise." "And you will never mention me or describe me to anyone ?" "I promise-if you wish it." "I do wish it. And now, good.by I" I rose stiffly, and was turning away. He stopped me. "Don't go for a moment. Rest a little while. The excitement has been too much for you," he said. He was busily putting together his painting materials. I sat quiet and watched him. My heart was heavy within me. By-and-by he came back to me. "You look dreadfully ill," he said kindly. "I have given you a promise. Will you give me one ?" "Yes," I said dully. He wrote a few lines on a paper, enclosed it in an envelope, which'he addressed and put into my hand. " Take thin to Dootor Laiehley," he said. "He is a clever doctor and might work wonders for you. Now I will take you home." " No,"I said, quietly; "that is not necessary at all. Good-byl I " " Good- by l" he said, flushing, and he turned and strode away. I sat durab anu dircy on the boulder. Tears wore in my eyoes asn I watahed. him disappear. It was a long time before I ooald summon strength to toil home. (To be continued.) 