I The Story of the Late I fir. Elvesbam. I by H. G. Weua, in The Idler. ' I T set this Btory down, not expecting I It si" be believed, but, if po sible, lo I ' D#re a way to escape for the -next, I &> Ue> Pe,haPc' mar Pr,,fit fcy I my miafortone. my own case, x Know, I fc hopeless, and I am uow in some I measnrs prepared to meet my fate. I Hy name is Edwatd George Eden. I I born at Trentbam, in Staffordshire, I y father being employed in the gardens I Sere. I lost my mother when I W. a I three years old, and my father when I I ai five, my uncle, George Eden, then I dop''n8 me aa b,s own S0D- He was I a single man, self-educated, and well- j I in Birmingham as an enterpris- I )n. journalist; be educated me gener- I nslf firt£l my ambition to succeed in I world, and at his deatb, which I happened foot yeurs ago, left me his I jjtire fortune, a mat'er of about five I hundred pounds after all - .out-going I jjgrgee were paid. I was then eighteen. I He advieed me in bis will to extend tbe I money in completing my education. I I had already chosen tbe profession of I medicine, and throngb his posthumous I generosity, and my good fortune in a I Scholarship competition, I became a I medical student at University College, I l/mdon. At the time of the beginning I o( mf story I lodged at 11a, University I Street, in a little upper room, very shab- I bily fnroisbed, and draughty, overlooking I the back of Shoolbred's premises. I I used this little room both to live in and I deep in, because I was anxious to eke I out my means to tho very last shillings- I voitb. I I was taking a pair of shoes to be I mended at a shop in tbe Tottenham I Court Road wben I first encountered I the little old man with the yellow face, I with whom my life bos now become so I ioeitricably entangled. He was atand- I |ns on the kerb, aud staring at tbe I number on I be door in a doubtful way, I h I opened it His eyes — they were I doll grey eyes, and riddish under tbe I rjms — fell on my face, and bis counten- I nice immediately assumed an expression I of corrugated amiability. I 'l'on come,' he said, 'apt ti the I moment I bad forgotten tbe number I olyonr bouse. How do you do, Mr. I Hen!' I I was a little astonished at his fami- I liar address, for I bad never set eyes on I the man btfure. I was a little annoyed, I too, at his catching me with my boots I under my arm. He noticed my lack of I cordiality. . I 1 Wonder who the dence I am, eh 1 I A friend, let me assnre yon. I have I seen you before, though, yon haven't I teen me. Is there anywhere where I I cm talk to you f I I bwitated. Tbe shabbiness of my I room upstairs was not a matter for I every stranger. 1 Perhaps,' said I, ' we I might walk down the street. I'm an- I fortunately prevented ' My gesture I explained tbe sentence before I. had I spoken it. I 'The very thing,' he said, and faced I this way and then that. 'The street f I Which way shall we go 1' -I slipped my I hoots down in tbe passage. 'Look I here !' be said, abrnptly, ' this business I of mine is a rigmarole. Come and lancb I with me, Mr. Eden. I'm an old man, a I very old man, and not good at exptaoa- I tiooB, and what with my piping voice I and the clatter of the traffic ' I He laid a persuasive skinny band I that trembled a little npon my arm. I 1 was not so old that an old man I -might not treat me to a lunch. Yet at I the same time I was not altogether I pleased by this abrupt invitation. ' I I bad rather 'I began. 'Bat I had I nther,' be said, catching me np, and a I certain'civility is surely due to my grey I hairs.' And so I consented, aud went I vith him. I He took me to Blavitski's ; I had to I wilk slowly to accommodate myself to I hie paces - and over anch a lunch as I I had never tasted before, he feuded off I my leading questions, and I took a better I note of his appearance. His clean- I shaven face was lean and wrinkled, bis I shrivelled lips fell over a set of false I teeth, and bis white bair was thin and I nther long ; he seemed small to me, I though, indeed, most people seemed I small to me, and bis shoulders were I rounded and bent. And watching him I I could not belp but observe that be I too was taking note of me, rnnning his I eyes with s curious touch of greed in I teem over me, from my broad shonlders I to my snn-tanned bands, and np to my I freckled face again. ' And now,' said I be, as we lit oor cigarettes, ' I most tell' I yon of the business in band. I ' I must tell yon, then, that I am an I old man, a very old man.' Ho pansed I momentarily. ' And it happens tbat I I have money that I 'mast presently be I loving, and never a cbild have I to I leave it to.' I thought of the confidence I trick, and resolved I would on the I alert for tbe vestiges of my five hundred I ponnde. He proceeded to enlarge on I bis loneliness, and the trouble he bed I to find a proper disposition of faismoney. I 1 1 have weighed this plan and that plan, I charities, institution?, and ecbpUrsbips, I and libraries, and I have coins ,tojtiiis I conclusion at last '—he fixed hiseyee on I my face—' that 1 will find some young I fellow, ambitions, pure-minded, . and I poor, healthy in body and healthy in tend, and, in short, make him iny heir, give him all that I have. Herepeated, ' Give him all that I have.. So that he will suddenly be lifted out of all the I trouble and struggle in which vhie sym- pithieB have been educated, to lreedom and influence.' : - "" I tried to seem disinteresled; With a transparent hypocrisy,' I esid, ' And Jon want my help, my professional services, maybe/to find that peauD.'V:;_ . He smiled, and looked at me over his vigarette, and I laughed at his quiet ex- poeore of my modest preteimA.: : 'What a career such Armaa:Siiight h»vn !' he said. It fills fiejplth'jHBvyjf to think how I have accumulated ;that another man may spend , ' Bnt there are txinditionBj jbf sonrse,1 tefthena to be imposed;). instance, take ' my , paiouSmpib «pect everything, wi tbqu t sBomaireturn. Audi most go into aUBm- 2— «»« Wm. Hemtuf besoBaA|$|miutob«r "a heredity, ho whmjpumito foots died, havsesinP I: rnsde into bis privatemhiJB - | »odifi| tions a little. . ' Anddo I understand,' said I, ihat l — J> Yes,'he said, almost fiercely. Yoo. row.' '' \- 1 answered never a word. My imagi nation was .'dancing wildly, my innate scepticism was useless: to. modify its transport?. . There was "hot a particle of gratitude iu my mind, I did not know what to may , i ear hp w to say it. -Bnt why tne in particular I' I said at last. He had chanced to hear of me from Professor Hastar, he said, as a typically s'innd and sane young man, aud he wished, as far as pnssibir, to leave bis money where health aud integrity were insured. ' That was my first meeting with the little - old man. He- was mysterious about himself,- fas .wdnld tint- give his name yet, he said, and after I had answered some questions of his, he left me at the Blavilski portal. I noticed tliBt he drew a handful nf onld finins from his packet when it -came to paying lor the lunch. His insistence upon bodily health was curious. In sccord-'j ance with an arrangement we had made, I applied that day "for a life policy ia tne Loyal insurance Company for a large sum, and I was exhaustively overhauled by the medical advisers of tbat company in the subsequent week. Even that did not satisfy him, and he insisted tl-at I most be re examined by the great Duct -r Henderson. It was Friday in VVbit«no week, before he came to a decision. H« called me down quite late in the evening — nearly nine it was — from cramming chemical equa tions for my Preliminary Scientific examination.- He was standing in the passage under the feeble gas-lamp, and bis face was a grotesque interplay of shadows. He seemed mors bowed tban when I had first seen hlm,and his cheeks had sank in a little. His voice shook with emotion. 'Every thing is satisfactory, Mr. Eden,' be said ' Everything is quite, quite satisfactory. And this night of all nights, yon most dine with me and celebrate yonr — acces sion.' He was interrupted by a congb. ' Yon won't have long to wait, either,' be said, wiping his handkerchief acrosB his lips, and gripping my hand with bis long bony claw that waB disengaged. ' Certainly not very long to wait' We went into the street and called a cab. I remember every incident of that drive vividly, tbe swift easy motion, the vivid contrast of gas, and oil, and electric light, tbe crowds of people in tile streets, tbe place in Regent Street to which we went, and the snmptnons dinner we -were served there. I was disconcerted at first by tbs -well-dressed waiters' glances at my rongb clothes, bothered by tbe stones of the olives, but as the champagne .warmed my blood my con fidence .revived. At first the old man talked of himself. He. had already told me his name in / tbe cab ; he was Egbert Elvesbam, tbe great philosopher, whose name I had known since I was a lad at school. It seemed incredible to me tbat this man, who iutelligence had so early dominated mine, this great abstraction, should suddenly rea lise itself bb this decrepit familiar figure I dare say every young fellow who has suddenly fallen Bmong celebrities has felt something of 'my disappointment. He told me now of the. futnre tbat the feeble streams of "his life wonld pre sently leave dry for me, honses, copy rights, investments; I had never sus pected philosophers were so ricb. He watched me drink snd eat with a touch of envy. ' What a capacity for living yon bave !' he Bsid,and then with a sigh, a sigh of relief I conld have thonght i', ' it will not be long.' Aye,' said I, my head swimming now with champagne, ' Lhave a fotnre perhaps — of a passing agreeable sort, thanks to you. I shall now have the honour of yonr. name. Bnt yon have a past. Each a past is worth ait my future.' He shook hie head and smiled, as I thought, with half eid appreciation of my flattering admiration. That fature,' be said; ' wonld yon in truth change it f The waiter came wiih liqueurs. ' Yon wonld not perhaps mind taking my name, taking my position, but wonld yon indeed— willingly — take my years 1' ' With yonr achievement?,' said I, gallantly. He smiled again. ' Knmmtll — both,1 he - said : to 'waiter, : and tamed bis (attention to a. little paper-packet be had taken from his pocket. .'This boor,' said he, this after-dinner hoar 'is the hoar of small things. ' Here- is a scrap of my nnpuniisuM wisdom, tie opened the packet with his.:- shaking yellow Sogers, and showed a. tittle" pinkish powder on the (taper. Tbis,' eaid he — well fyou most .gates what "it ia Bnt Kummeli— put bnt a da>h of this powder in it— is Himmel.' His targe greyish eyes watched mine with an in- Bcrotableexpression. It was a bit' of a shock to me to Sod this great teacher give bis mind to the flavour of liqueurs. However, ! feigned a . great weakness,; for I was .rirnnk enough -for sncbemaU sycophancy.- He parted the powder between tbe little glasses, and, rising suddenly with a strange unexpected dignity, -held opt hisiiand towards me- I imitated his action, and -the glasses rang. To a quick anccterionr' ssid- hef ond raised - his-elavs towatda his.lipa g"' -;j>- :f ' ,:'Ndt£hati' I said. hastily. 'Not tbaL' He paused, witb tiie iiquie.nr . at' the level of his chin, and bis eye hlariog into xriine.; . V;:" .V.- 4- "To a long life,' eaid L / " 3He hesitated. ' ' To talons 1ife,,«aid, be, with a-Sfi (Men bark ct lauter, and tilted- -4?-4Hu)eyl» looked etriigbt Jpjtojteinfe, fapd : ;. iae , i?4ralm|li tetento eentetion. Tfae firet Jtoqch pf it set 4iby brain So a; forious tomnlt, I etemeato|>na<aalphj|apal8tirTing :|n iny aknjl.-and a eeething; hamming : filled my ears,, f r did hoi notice the flamrateinmithjthe'tehaihat' caption grew clear and minnto as though I saw things in a concave mirror. His manner seemed to have changed ii> to something nervous and hasty. He palled out his watch and grimaced at it. ' Eleven, seven ! - And to-night I mast — Seven — twenty-Eve. Waterloo! I must go at once.' He called for tbe bill and straggled with his coat. Offi cious waiters came to onr ss?i<taoce. In another moment I was wishing him good-bye, over the apron of a cab, and' still with an absnrdfeeling of minnto die- tinctness as though— how c->n I express it f — loot only saw but fell through ah inverted opera-glass 'That stuff,' be said. He pat his hand to his forehead. ' I ought not to have given it to yon. . It will make yonr head split to-morrow. Wait a minute. He-e.' He handed me a little flat thing like-a seidlitz-powder. 1 Take that in water as yon are going to bed. The other thing was a drug. Not tiil you're ready to go to bed, mind. It will clear yonr bead. That's all. . One more shake — Futures!' I gripped his shrivelled claw. Good bye,' be said, and by the droop of his' eyelids I judged he too was a llttll under the" - influence of tbat brain- twisting cordial. He recollected, something else with a start, felt in bis breast-pocket arid pro duced another packet, tbis times cylinder the size and shape .of a sbaving-stick. ' Here,' said be. ' I'd almost forgotten. Don't open thiB until I come to-morrow : — But take it now.' It was so heavy that I well nigh dropped it. ' All ri I' said I, and he grinned at me through tbe cab window as tbe cabman flicked bis horse into wakefulness. It was a white packet he had given me, with red seals at either end and along its edge. ' If this isn't money,' said I, 'its platinum or lead.' I stuck it with elaborate care into my pocket, and with a whirling brain" walked home through the Regent Street loiterers and tbe dark back streets be yond Portland Road. I remember tbe sensations of that walk very vividly, strange as they were. I was still so far myself tbat Icould notice my strange mental state, and wonder whether this staff I had had was opium — a drag.' be yond my experience. It is bard now to describe the peculiarity of my mental strangeness, mental doubling vaguely expresses it As I was walking up Re gent Street I found in my mind a queer persuasion that it was Waterloo StBtioo, and had an odd impulse to get into the Polytechnic as s man might get into a train. I pot a knuckle in my eye, and it was Regent Street. How can 1 express it t' Yon see a skilful actor' looking at yon, he pulls a grimace, and lo ! — another person. ' Is it too ex travagant if £ tell you that it seemed to me as if Regent S'reet hsd, for the moment, done that! Then, being per suaded it was Rogent Street again, I was oddly muddled about some fantastic reminiscences that cropped np. "Thirty years ago,' thought I, 1 it was here that I quarrelled with my brother.' Tben I burst out laughing, to the aetonishment and enconragement of a group of nigbt' prowlers. Thirty years ago I did not exist, and never in my life had I boasted of a brother. The stuff was sorely liquid folly, for tbe poignant regret for that lost brother still clueg to ma Along Portland Road tbe madness took another turn. I began to recall vanished sbope, snd to compare the street with what it used to be. - Confused, troubled, think ing is comprehensible enongh after tbe drink I bad taken, but what puzzled me were tbese curiously vivid phantaBm memories tbat bad crept into my mind, aod not only the memories tbat bad slipped out. I slopped opposite Stevens', the oatnral history dealers,and cudgelled my brains to think what he had to do with me. ' A 'bus went by, and sonnded exactly like the rambling of a train. I seemed to bo dipped into some dark, remote pit for the recollection. ' Of conrse,' esid I, at last, ' he has promised me three frogs to-morrow. Odd I should have forgotten.' Bo they stilisbow children dissolving views I In those I remember one view wonld begin like a faint gbost, arid grow and oust another. In just that way it seemed to me that a ghostly set of new sensations waa straggling with those of 1 my ordinary self i I went on through "Enston Road to Tottenham Court Road, puzzled, snd a tittle frightened, and scarcely noticed tbe nnu8nal way I was taking, for commonly I used to. cut through tbe intervening net-work of back streets. I j turned into University Street to discover tbst I had forgotten my nnmber. Only by a strong effort did 1 recall na, and even then it seemed to me that it was a thing some foigotten person had told me. I tried to steady my mind . by re calling the.incidents of tbe dinner, and for the life of.ineXcould-conjure np no picture of my host's -face. I saw . him only" as a shadowy outline, as one might see oneself reflected in ia yrindow throngh which one was looking. In his place, however, I had a carious exterior vision of myself sittirig At a table, flashed, bright-eyed, "fend talkative. " ' I innst take tbis'other poVder,' esid I. ' Tbis is getting impossible. - "r ' I triedhbe wrnrig sideof the hall for my candle aod the matcbes, and had a .donbt of which landing my room might .be on. I'm - drank,' I said, 'that's certain,' and blundered needlessly ipn tbe staircase to sustain die proposition. At tbe first glance "my roorii seemed am familiar. What rot . I . said, , and stared about, me, I seemed to bring myself backhy the effort, and tbe odd phantasmal qualify passed into tbe con- crete familiar. There wae the old glate still, with iby notes on the albaienB stack in the corner of the frame, jny old everyday riait of clothes -yrifahediabdrit the floor. " Arid yet -ft w»b toot Ari; littel after "afl. I feit ari idiotic fterBoamoiL trying to creep into my -mind, as it were, that I -was in railway carriage in a train jriat stopping, that I was peering7 ont of the windqw at . soma, unknown station! ; I jpped-ie befl-rail 'firmly tip reassure myself. - 'It's clairvoyanoe, perhaps,' I-eaid. 'I must write .to tbe PsychicalesrarchSodety.' . . k I -pni ' ouleati on rify dresairig- table, sathnb:Anaqnto!teke of my presjrot tneanB W MlPSIlSiii! j amber colonr. Before I waB in bed my mind was already tranqmliscd. I felt tbe pillow at my cbeek, aud thereupon I must have fallen asleep. I ewoke abruptly out of a dream of strange beasts, and found myself lying on my back. Probably everyooe knows .tbat diRmal, emotional dream from which one escapes awake indeed, bnt strangely cowed. There was a carious taste in my month, a tired feeling in my limbs, a sense of cotaneons discoinfoit. I lay with my bead motionless on my pillow, expecting tbat my feeliug of strangeness and terror wonld probably pass away, and tbat I should then doze off again to sleep. But instead -of that iny uncanny sensations increased. At firBt I conld perceive nothing wrong about me. There was a feint light .in the . room,, so feint that it was tbe very next thing to darkness, and the furoitnre stood oat in it as vague bluts of -absolute darkness. I stared with my eyeB just over tbe bed- - clothe?. It came into my mind that, someone had entered tbe room to rob me of my. ronluan of money,Jbnt after- lying -for- eome momenta, breathing regularly to siinnlate sleep, I realised this was mere fancy. . Nevertheless, the uneasy assur- ance of something wrong kept feet bold of me. With an effort 1 raised my faead from tho pillow, and peered about me j at tbe dark. What it was 1 conld not' conceive. I looked at. the dim shapes \ aronnd me, the greater and lesser dark- ! nesB tbat indicated curtains, table, fire"- place, book-shelves, and so forth. Then ; I began to perceive something an- ! familiar in the forms in tbe darkness, j Had the bed turned round! Yonder should be tbe bookshelves however I looked at it. . It was for too big' to be my shirt thrown on a chair. Ontrcoming a childish terror, I threw back tbe bed-clothes and threat my leg oot of bed. Instead of coming oat of my truckle-bed ripon the I found my foot scarcely reacted the edge, of the mat tree?. I made another step as it were, and eat up on the edge of the bed. By the side of my bed should be" I he candle, and the matches upon tbe broken chair. I put out my hand and touched — nothing. I waved my band in tbe darkness, and it came against some heavy banging, soft and thick in texture, which gave a rustling noise at my toncb. I grasped this and polled it ; it appeared to be s curtain suspended over the head of my bed. . ' . I was now thoroughly awake, and beginning to realise that I was in a strange room. I was puzzled. I tried to recall the overnight circomBtances,tnd I found tbem now,, curiously enongb, vivid in my memory ; the sapper, my reception of tbe. little packages, my wonder whether I was Intoxicated, my slow .nodressing, tbe coolness to my flushed face of my pillow. I frit a sodden distrust. Was tbat list night, or the nigbt - before 1 At any rate this room was strange to me, and I conld not imagine how I got into it. The dim, pallid ontline was growing paler, and I perceived it was a window, with tbe dark shape of an oval toilet- glass against the weak intimation of tbe dawn that filtered through the blind.- I stood np, and was surprised by a cartons feeling nf weakness and unsteadiness. With trembling bands nuturrtched I walked slowly towards tbe window, getting, nevertheless, a braise on the knee from a chair- by the way. I fumbled round tbe glass, which was large with handsome brass sconces, to find tbe blind-cord. I conld not .Gad any. By chance I took hold of tbe tassel, and with tbe click of a spring the blind ran np. I found myself looking out upon a scene tbat was altogether strange to me. Hie nigbt was overcast; and through the floccnlent grey of tbe heaped clonda there filtered a feint half light of dawn. Just at the edge of tbe sky, the cloud-canopy had a blood - red rim. Below everything was dark and indistinct, diin hills in the distance, a vagne mass of buildings rnnning np into pinnacles, trees tike spilt ink, and below the window a tracery of black bnsheB and pate grey paths. It was so unfamiliar tbat for the moment I tbongbt myself still dreaming. I felt tbe toilet-table, it appeared to be made of some polished wood, and was rather elaborately famished, there were little cat-glass bottles, and a brash npon it. There was .also a queer little 'object, horee-sboe-sbaped it felt,- with smooth, hard projections, lying in a saucer. I could find no matches nor candlestick. I turned my eyes to the room again. Now the blind was op, bint spectres of its famishing came ont of the darkness. There was a huge curtained bed, and the fireplace at its foot bad a large white mantel with something of .tbe ebimmer of marble. I leant -against the toilet-table, shut my eyes and - opened . them again, and tried to think. . Tbe whole tbing waa far too real for' dreaming. I was- in-' clined to.imagine tbere wae still some hiatus in .any memoiy, as a consequence iff my draught of tbat strange liqueur ; that I had : come into Any inheritance perhaps, and suddenly lost my recollec tion of pveiy tiling mnce my good fortune bad been 'nnborineed. - Perhaps if l waited a tittle things would :he clearer to me again. Yet my dinner withold Elvesbam was «ow mngnlirly vivid and recent . Tbe chatnpagne, tha pbser.vqnt waiters; the powder; arid the liqueurs-— Icould have efoked my soul it all hap1 pened a few hqnrs agb. ' " 7 ; And then occurred a tfaing so trivial and yet so terrible to me that I.stiver now to think of that' moment. f I. spoke .aloud. I said, How the devil:' clid I get here V .. . , , And tee twite was riot myoten. : , . It-was wot my own. it -was thin, the articulation was slrirted, flie resonance of iny farial bones was flrent ' Theq to reassrire myself I jari one - hanil over the other,and irit:!ooee folds of ekio, the bony laxity ofmge. Barely,"' Ivaid, in that honuble vqice that liad -some how; tetobltab' ite .io : my hroat, ? surely this thing is i ditem l'sAlmoFt aa quickly risif l jd' dt in vhlunterily -I thrort-my tfingers fote my mohSi, ? |Hy 1 frit toeri ja pateionste deriretq «=« . myselto»teiise «t once in ite.fnll horror wad I tdatdiriaff|ilflck. flannelwight; dress I foood about me. There were no matches tbere,and I suddenly realised tbat my extremities were cold. Sniffing arid coughing, whimpering, a little, per haps, 1 fombled back to bed. . ' It is snrely a dream,' I whimpered to myself as I clambered back, ' surely, a dream.' It waa n senile repetition. 1 polled the bed-clothes over my shoulders, over my ears, I thrust my withered band under the pillow, arid determined to compose myself to sleep. Of coarse it was a dream. In the morning the dream would be over, and I should wake up strong and vigorous again to my youth aDd studies. I shot my eyes, breathed regularly, and, finding myself wakeful began to connt slowly throngb tbe powers of three. But the thing I desired would net come. I conld not get to sleep. Arid the persuasion of the inexorable reality ' of the change tbat had happened to me grew steadily. "Presently I found my : self with my eyes wide open, ihe powers i of three forgotten, and my skinny fingers npon my shrivelled gamp. I was, indeed,-: snddenly and abruptly, an old man. I had in some unaccountable manner fallen tbrongh my life and come to old age, in some way I had been cheated of all the best of my life, of love, of straggle, of strength, and bops. I grovelled into the pillow and tried to persuade myself that sncb hallucioation was possible. Imperceptibly, steadily, the dawn grew clearer. At last, despairing of farther sleep, I sat np in bed and looked aboot me. A chill twilight rendered the whole cham ber visible. It was spacious -and well- furnished, better famished than any room I had ever slept in before. A. candle and matches became dimly visi ble npon a little pedestal in a recess. I threw back the bed-clothe?, and shiver ing with the rawness of the early morn ing, albeit it was eammer time, I got oat and lit the candle. Then, trembling horribly so that the extinguisher rattled on Its spike, I tottered to the glass and saw — £hesham'sfacc 1 It was none the leas horrible becanee I bad already dimly feared as mnch. He bad already seemed physically weak and pitiful ti me, bnt seen now, -dressed only in a coarse flannel nightdress that fell apart and showed the stringy neck, seen now as my own body, I canoot describe its desolate decrepitude. The hollow cheeks, the straggling tail of dirty grey bair, the rheomy bleared eyes, the quivering, shrivelled lips, the lower displacing a gleam of pink interior lining, and tbo.se horrible dark gams showing. You who are mind and body together, at your natural years, cannot imagine what this fiendish imprisonment meant to me. To be young end fall of the desire snd energy of youth, and to be canght, and presently io be crashed in this tottering ruin of a body. ... . But I wander from ibe coarse of my story. For some time I mast have been stunned at this change tbat bad come npon me. It was daylight wben I did bo far gather myself together as to think. In some inexplicable way I had been changed, tbongb how, sbort of magic, tbe thing bad been done, I conld not say. .-And as I thought, the diabolical ingenuity of Elvesbam came home to me. It eeemed plain to me that as 1 found myself in hi?, so be must be in possession of my body, of my etreogih, tbat is, of my fature. Bat bow to prove it 1 Then as I tbongbt, the thing became so incredible even to me, that my mind reeled, snd I bad to pinch my self, to feel my toothless gome, to see myself in the glass, and tooch the things about me, before 1 could steady myself to face the facts again. Was all life ballncination t. Was I indeed Elvesham, and he me % Had : I been dreamiDg of Eden overnight ! Was there any Eden 1 But if I was Elvesbam I should remem ber where I was on the previonB morn ing, the name of tbe town in wbich l livedj What happened before tbe dream began. 1 struggled with my thoughts. I recalled the queer doubleness of my memories overnight. But now my mind was clear. Not the ghost of any memories . bnt those proper to Eden could I raise. 'This way lies insanity!' 1 cried in my piping voice. I staggered to my feet, dragged my feeble heavy limbs to the wasb-hand-stand, and plunged my grey head into a basin of cold water. Then . towelling myself, I tried Bgain. It was no good. ' I felt beyond all ques tion that I was indeed Eden, not Elve sham. Bnt Eden in Elvesbam's body I Had I "been a man of any other age I might have given myself np to my fate as one enchanted. But in these scep tical days miracles do not-pasB current Here was some trick of psychology. What a drag and a steady stare conld do, a drag andastea'fy stare, or some similar treatment, could sorely undo. Men, have lost their memories before. But to exchange .memories as one does umbrellas 1 -I- laughed. Alas 1 - not a healthy laugh, bnt a wheezing senile titter. I coald bave fancied old Elve sbam .laughing at my plight, and a gust .of petulant anger, uu usual to me, swept across my feelings. I began dressing eagerly in tbe cfolhes I foopd lying about on tbs .floor, . and only realised -when I was dressed that it %as an evening suit I bad assumed, 1 opened tbe wardrobe ' and fonhd : some more ordinary -clothes, a p&Sg; of plaid trousers, and so old-fashioned drtesio! T- gown. : I pot a venerable smqjdpg-cap on my. venerable bead, and, coughing a little from my exertions, tottered out npon the landing, _ ' It was thfen, perhaps, a quarter to six, and the bliuda were closely drawn, and the hones quiteBilent. The landing was a spacions one; a broad t richly-carpeted stair- caBe went down into the darkness of the hall below, and before me a door ajar showed me a writing-desk, -,»;:rej volving book-case, the back of a. etndy. chair, and a fine array bt: bound books, sbelf upon -ebelf. . V' i -V\ : : ' My study,' I mnmbled, and walked across the landing. . Then at tbe aonnd ofmy- yoicea thought ei rack me, andX went back tip the bedroom mid pat in : the Bet of folse teetb.- They, slipped - in with tbe ease oif old babit. HiaVs better,' eaid I, :gnasUing them, !!!! ®! retaraed tq thejBtudy.7 idrawprs jbf the writing-desk': ji&ir; iocked. - I coald .nqinrtiteuops'bt the keyt;tand there were bone In the jKKhetacfmyJtrousere. Jebufflpdl»ck ebiahdaf|temMs \- of wll teeigarateteitaa. )! h.veimagined iilisilsipilli thstbnrglara bad fceen at work, to sea my room when I had" "done. Not only were there no keys to be fonnd, bat not a coin, nor a scrap of paper— save only the receipted bill of 'he over-night dinner. A carious weariness asserted itself. I sat down and stared Bt > the garments flong here ahd there, their pockets tarned inside out. My first frenzy hsd already flickered out. Every moment I was beginning to realise the immense intelligence of tbe plans of my epetny to see more -and more clearly the hopelessness of my position. With ah effort . I rose and hurried hobbling into tiie study again. On the staircase was a bonsemaid palling up the blinds. She stared, I thick, at the expression of my face. I shot the door of the study behind me, and, seizing a poker, began an attack upon tbe desk. That -ie how they found me. Tbe cover of tbe desk was split, the lock smashed, the letters l torn ont of tbe pigeon-holes and tossed about tbe room. In my senile rage I had flung about the pens and other each light stationery, and overturned the Ink. Moreover, a large vase upon the mantle find got broken — I do not know how. I conld find ho cbeqne- book, no money, no indications of the slightest use for the recovery qf my body. I was battering madly at the drawer?, when tbe bo tier; backed by two womcmservanls intruded Upon me. . That simply is tbe story of my change. No one will believe my frantic assertions. I am treated as one demented, and even at tbis moment I am under restraint. Bnt.I am sane,' absolutely sane, and to prove it I have sat down to write this story mintltoly as the things happened to me. I appeal to the reader, whether ' there is any trace of insanity in the style or method of the story he baa been readiug. I am a young man locked away ib an old man's body. But the clear fact is incredible to everyone. Naturally I appear demented to those who will not believe this; naturally I do not know tbe names of my secretaries, of tbe doctors who come to see me, of my s?rsants snd neighbours, of this town (wherever it is where I find my self. Naturally I lose myself in my own boose, and suffer inconveniences of every sort Naturally I ask tbe oddest questions. Naturally 1 weep and cry out, and have paroxysms of despair. I bave no money and no cheqne-book. The bank will not recognise my signa ture, for I suppose that, allowing for tbe feeble muscles I now bave, my handwriting is still Eden'a These people about me will not let me go to the bank personally. It aeems indeed that there is no bank in this town and that I have an account in some part of it. It seems tbat Elvesbam kept tbe name of bis solicitor secret from all his boose- hold— I can ascertain nothing. Elves bam was of coarse a profound student of mental ecier.ce.aud ail my declarations of tbe facts of the case merely -cinffrm tbe theory that my insanity is the outcome of overmuch brooding upon psychology. Dreams of tbe personal identity indeed ! Two days ago I was, a healthy -youngster with all life before me ; now I am a fmious uld man, un kempt, and desperate, and miserable, prowling about a great luxations strange house, watched, feared, and avoided as a Innatic by everyone about me. And io London is Elvesham beginning life" again in a vigorous body, and wisdom of three score snd ten. He has stolen my life. "What bas happened I do not clearly know. In the study are volumes of manuscript notes referring chiefly to tbe psychology of memory, and parts of what may be either calculations or cipher? in symbols absolutely strange to mr. In some passages there are indi cations that he was also occupied with tbe philosophy of mathematics. I -take it he has transferred the whole of his memories, tbe accumulation that makes, np bis personality (from thie old withered brain of bis to mine, and. similarly, that be bas transferred mine to his die- carded tenement-. Practically, tbat is he has changed bodies Bnt how sncb a change may be possible is without the range of my philosophy. I bave been a materialist for all my thinking life, bnt here suddenly is a clear case of man's detachabilily from matter. One desperate experiment I am about to try. I sit writing here before patting the matter to issne. This mqrning,witb the belp . of a table-knife that I bad secreted at breakfast, I succeeded in breaking open a fairly obvious secret drawer in tbis wretched writing-desk. I discovered nothing save a little green glass phial contaiuing a white powder. Round the neck of the phial was a label, and thereon was written this, one -word Release.' Tbis may be— is most prob ably, poison. I can understand Elver sbam placing poiBon io my way, and I should be sore that it was hie intention so to get rid of the only living witness against faim, were it not for tbis careful concealment, Tbe man has practically solved tbe problem. of immortality. Save for the spite of chance, he will live in my. body until it has aged; and then, again," throwing / that ' aside, he will as8ume-£0rae other victim s yonth snd strength. / - Wben one remembers bis beartleasnese, it is terrible to think -qf "the ever-growing experieDC8,that -. . . . How long has he bora leaping from body to bodyl . . .. But I tire uf writing. Hie powder appears to be soluble in water. The taste is hot unpleasant. " There the narrative fonnd upon Mr- Elvesbam's desk ends. His dead .body lay between tbe desk and the . chair. The latter had been pushed back, prob ably by his last convulsions. Theatory : was written in pencil, and. in a qriszy_ hand, quite unlike Mb usual minute characters. There remained only -hwp curious iacte 'to record.; Indisputably 'there was SJmeconnectronbetweenlSdea: and Xavesham, - jtihee tte uf "ElveshamV properly was bneatbtei to tbe yoangrnan. Bet beiievarinhetited. WhenElyeaham committed uouSdeEden uireaydeadr TSsMtyXourhoUTsbeforehe-had'hee0 knockeiflown by a teb and kyied Sn- 1 whbcbuld ihave'iiirt Jofqn'tetMw 1 Y Itevh titeterdiuafy teter; to the She'Britii arititertey-ndBiee ktJOOO 1 '? a--?: 