(TO THE EDITOR OF THE KERAX0 TIMES.) Sir, — In your issue of Friday, 24 th January, there is an article by Lady Cooke, entitled the " Religion of Marriage." She says — " The subject of marriage concerns everyone so nearly that scarcely too muoh can be written about it, and any fresh light that can be thrown upon it is of neces sity a public benefit." From her writ ings she infers that folk marry for three reasons — love, position, and last, and that we ought not to sanctify all these with the same ceremony. But how and in what way are we to know why and for what reason people marry ? She seems to forget that the law of marriage is of Diviue origin, and that what God hath joined to- the church knows there is only one law giver. It would be utterly im passible for her to recognise anything of a human make ; to do so she wonld cease to become the Church of God. As regards the Dean of Lich field's views of a man in his original state as ne came irom tne nanas ot ma Creator, the thought that he combined both the male and female is repulsive. There is no Scripture which could in any sense of the word convey to my mind such a monstrosity. St. Paul, writing to the Ephesians regarding marriage, and the union of Christ with Gis Church, speaks of God as a great mystery. These two become one flesh is beyond the power of man to grasp ; so likewise the spiritual anion of Christ and His redeemed people or church. From the Christian's standpoint there cannot be any further light thrown upon it. God's laws are like Himself, unchangeable. If nations or peoples choose to make laws they can do so, but that could not be the solution of the trouble ; they would only sink themselves deeper in the mire, as wit ness the divorce laws of the United States of America — marriage there is only a hollow mockery, one out of every three have been divorced. France, With her immoral laws, are decreasing in population. Sin is tbe trangression of the law, and it brings its own punishment, whether it be in individual lives or in nations. Would- be leaders in the ohurch are continu ally making some absurd sort of state ments ; they are either denying the personality of the Holy Ghost, setting the day and hour of oar Saviour's second event, or denying the punish ment hereafter due to sin : but the latest is the dean's theory of God's noblest work in creation. — Yours, etc.. JOHN REED. Gunbower, February 2nd, 1896. 