Stray Notes. I did intend to writo a funny story for you dear readers this Christmas, but after hours of patient scratching at -my pericranium I have been obliged to come to the conclusion that I am not built that way. I actually started one littlo story. I fixed op a beauti ful title 'Tho Government Wharf Ghost or tho Mayor's Mistake,^ \' and there I stuck. Tho rpiric would not work at all. It was not my fault I can nsmio you. I tried every kind of tpiiit, even old jorum, and yet could make no impression on my intel lectual bgurcliead. S j at last I gavo it up and resolved to havo a ' tow row,' aa tho boys call it, or a ' meander round ' in the phraseography of Uuolo Ham. Tho first pluco I- struck was Mr. Boynton's store. Now wo all know that Mr. Boynton is one of tho few livo men in the town. If there is anyihing going on you may bot your sweet l:fo that ho ia in it or not far away. I- found. him in his count ing house, not as the nursery rhyma says 'counting' out his money,' for I'm afraid that useful commodity has disappeared from these parts along with tlio rain. ' Fla 1 ho said, 'just tho mau I'm looking for, I want to show you a special lino just iu for Christ mas.' J5y this timo wo wero in the front store, and I found myself looking at some of tho newest and sweetest silk handkerchiefs that I havo ever 'seen. They havo initials nicely worked in tho corner and would make a nico sonsiblo Christmas box. I was also shown somo handsome silk luxtro dresses £1 each. Of courso Messrs. Boynton and Dawes Imvo toys. It would not bo Christmas with out them, and I ouu recommend our young people to inspect. Tho next place I visited was Mr. Menon'a ei'.tablithment. Ho has been making great internal alterations lately, and has been pay ing nioro attention to the drapery jortion of tlio business, which is under tho control of Mr. Seriou, aud I was informed that a large increase of business hud already resulted from the alteration. In Christmas presents, cards, and fancy goods of all kinds, Mr. Menon has a very creditablo show and equal to any in the town. Looking over such large establishments as tho two mentioned ran away ulth a good portion of my timo and I hurriedly looked at my watch. To my surprise it had stopped, fortunately, I wua almost next door to the watch doctor, Mr. Ltitz, and iu a very short space of timo mv chronometer was itself again, and lias faithfully recorded tho hour, minute, and second, ever i-ince. Whilo I was theio I took the opportunity of having my rut plus hair removed and in his tonsorial capacity Mr. Lutz is equally clever. In ten minutes I made my exit, light-headed, pow dered, and chock full of tbo latest news iu the municipal woild. # * * Being Christ mm time his worship and I adjourned to tho Balranald Hotel whuro wo wero well attended to and supplied with a nico cool 'ginger beer.' You always re ceivo civility at tho Balranald and a hearty welcomt). * * # On re-crossing tho street I had tho mis fortune to be capsized by ono of thoso ' scorchers ' who wa3 travelling like the wind on a bike and also travelling for so and bo's i whisky. I . was not hurt, but remem bering reading a caso the other day whero a pedostrian had to pay £200 to a cyclist for the privilege of bein^ knocked down, I thought I had better ho on the safe side, so I stepped into tho sanctum sar,torum of Mr.: A. J. Robertson und 'refreshed' him with a ' retainer.' Of courso after having one's nerves shat tered in Bitch a manner it was only natural that I should so ;k a reviver in tlio shape of ono of Mack's foaming tankards of English ale, which he dispenses at tho. low rate (if Od. The Royal i« undoubtedly the hotel of B-dranald, and iuvnriably secures tbo high class trade. * # ? Mr. Close's store was tho next to receivo my attention, and I was not surprise. I to tiuil that ho was again to the fore in all tlioso littlo things that gladden the hearts of the young and make the old rejoice. There was old Father Christmas himself for a bock ground, and innumerable toys surrounding liim mi every sido. Mechanical moukeys, clockwork pictures, dolls, whips, race games, everything wua there to supply thu small I stocking that will be hung up next Thursday evening. Baskets and Christmas cards wero also leading lines, and in fancy goods it would be difficult to excel the wares kopt by Mr. Close. Thoso who havo not yet paid a visit to his store will certainly iniss a treat if thoy do not do so at onco beforo tho window is sold out. * * * Passing tho Shamrock Hotel I was bailed by the genial proprietress, Mrs. Roat. You nover enter that lady's houso without sho welcomes you with a winning littlo smile. The Shamrock iB nm;od for its extremo clean liness aud tho excellence of its cuifine, The wliolo place has an air of comfort, and is largely patronised by tho country people. * # * Ono of tho finest stores in tho town is that owned and occupied by Mr. Thomas Linton. Although the business iB practically new iu comparison with the other stores, thoy have made great strides in its progress dur ing the past year or two. Tho drat ery de partment is now under the management of Mr. Neil, and since that goutlemar. has taken charge ho has dono a great deal to minimise the large number of parcels that arrive from the metropolis. People aro now beginning to 6nd out tho truth of the old adago of going further and faring worso. Tho centre of tho store has been utilised for tho Christ mas novolties, and there aro toys in galoro. Further on aro some very handsome leather and plated goods, such as ladies companions, needle cases, biscuit barrels, &o.;, &o.;, all of whioh aro of newest design and very cheap. Perfumes, photo frames, albums, oruetB, &c.;, aro shown in great variety, and asfordolls their namo'is legion. You can get a black one for a fow :pence, or a real walking and talking young lady, fashionably dressed, for a few pounds. For Christmas, New Year, or wedding presonts, Lintou's stands very high, and a visit to their .well arranged premises andaglanco at their stock, will prove that this is so. . ; *? . ? » A littlo farther up Market- streot is the establishment of Mr. A. Brown, who pro vides tho oil and salvo for tho community. He is also the rccognised agent for most of tbo best makes of bicycles. Mr. Brown's shop is one neatest and nattiest in the town and is replete with drugs and doses for tho curing of overy ailment under tho sun. ? ? ? ? Another old established, and comfortable hostelry Is the Commercial Hotel, situated at tho cornor of Market aud Mayall streetB, Iu the early 'times this hotel was by far tho best furnished and most popular in the dis. triot.: Many a bottloof ' fiz' has been popped in the Commercial in the good old dayt-, and if you want corroboration of this fact you havo only to look «p tho genial Alder ,inau Dowling, who will 'insult' you, as, he calls it, in first-class style, and tell you some tales of past happenings iu tho Commercial Hotel that will make your oyes water and jour nifluth distend from' ear to ear. with wonderment. The hotel is still one of tho best furnished and most commodious in tbo town. Everything is thero for the' con venience of visitors, and all are treated alike with the utmost civility and attention. The only two business peoplo who adver tiso in the ' Recorder,' and who I nave hot mentioned, are Messrs. Malcolm and Bcaty and Mr. H. L. Harben. Both Arms are stock, commission, and general agents, and those requiring a medium to transact thoir i.buMncss, no matter in what direction, - can safely tiust it to be faithfully carried out by either of the firms beforo mentioned. And now dear readers beforo I appear again before you in print, Christmas i,f 169U will be an hiatoiical event. I trust the fes tive season will bring nothing but joy into every, hoino and every dwelling, in tho town and district, and I sincerely hopo that if ever I again have the pleasure to ' wish tho readers of tho ' Recorder' a Merry Christ mas — as I do now— it will, be under much moro favorablo condition's aa regards 'the dry stato of (he country. We havo had two severe droughts— enough to dishearten the most energetic and severely try tho patience of Job himself— but wo tiuBt the silver lin ing is not far off, anil that this tiino next year tho district willjbo transformed from a dry desert to aland of fulliiess and plenty. ' 