THE TANTANOOLA TIGER. A Passing Glimpse. On the Dandenong Ranges. A Strange Animal Seen by a Fern Collector. The " Tantanoola tiger," or a full brother to that good old mystery, has been observed in the Dandenong Ran- ges, at a romantic spot about four miles from the settlement at Fern Tree Gully. "Tigers" apparently are not unknown in that wild district, for at varying times during the last nine or ten years, there have been THRILLING STORIES told by lonely travellers of the dreadful sights they have soon in their wander- ings. So great was the fear of wild animals at one time that no resident would venture forth into the bush with- out arms of some kind, but as they were never called upon to use their weapons the scare gradually subsided, and was forgottbn. Now comes Mr. F. W. Gcssner, of Wel- lington-road, Spring Vale, to revive the old sensation. Mr. Gessner is a well- known and highly-respected man, whose business is that of A COLLECTOR OF FERNS, &c.; He is a quiet, sensible man, ap- parently not afflicted with a "bee in his bonnet" or "tigers in his bazaar," and his tale is not of the kind calculated to harrow up the soul and freeze the blood of our readers. He states that one Mon- day recently he was engaged at his oc- cupation in the Ranges, about four miles from the Gully, in the cool of the evening, between 5 and 6 o'clock. The spot in which he was working was cov- ered with ferns, bracken and stunted undergrowth. Happening to glance up, he saw passing along the slope, about 30 yards away, A MOST EXTRAORDINARY BODY, which, just as he looked, glided over a log and disappeared. Unfortunately for the completeness of this story, and also for the animal itself, Mr. Gessner saw neither head nor tail. Like our description (says the Melbourne "Herald") the creature had no perceptible beginning or end, but too much cannot be expected of a real good thing like this. The surprised fern- gatherer says that the portion of the body that he saw, extending from the shoulder to the flanks, was about four feet long, by about two feet In depth, while the tawny-coloured skin was mainly and clearly marked by verti- cal stripes of black. That it formed part of the body of a tiger Mr. Gessner is convinced, for in a long experience of many kinds of animals he has never before encountered anything so closely resembling that creature. As he had no weapon Mr. Gessner did not bother to investigate the affair just then, but made for home, sweet home, as quickly as his limbs could carry him. The strange part of the affair is that if there is really a tiger in the district how has he managed to live without attacking the flocks. Mr. Gessner says that there are any number of wallaby on the ranges, upon which the animal may subsist. The office tiger expert, while admitting that this may be true, declares that a real tiger would not long remain in any neighbourhood without making his presence disagree- ably felt by his attacks upon the flocks and herds. However this may be, we hear that there is talk of a grand hunt being organised, for the purpose of put- ting an end to the mystery, or of "lay ing" what is suspected to be the ghost of the long defunct Tantanoola tiger. 