THE BOURKE STREET PUNTER. A Stay -at- Home Idyll. BY E. B. M. I picks 'em out of (the papers, you see, As soon os the, weights appears : I mosiiy picks one or two winners a day. ADu rye ueen at the game xor years. What ? 1 don't appear to have grow'd very rich. And I don't look much of a toff ? That's not my fault, it's them other blokes. The tipsters. ias puts me off. It comes to toe as a sort of a gift To know when the gees is on it. And1 when 1 wins 1 promise the wife As, p'r'aps, she shall have a new bon net. What V You say she wears a shabby old hat ? Well ! that's not iny fault, chaps : It's them 14 Reginalds," " Ribbledens," "Asmodeuses." Or the " Special Commissioner," p'r 'aps. If £ could but only stick to my tips, Xor listen to other folk. Jack Cohen would have to bet bobs In the lane. While the 4 Count " and " Oxy'd " be broke. As sure as evea I gets a Dead Bird. I'm certain to let it go, And I puts my bit ou some other mug's np As 'asn't the ghost of a show. I'd have busted the Books up long ago, If only I'd got the pluck ; But wirat's tflie use to have judgment like mine. When you've only a Jonah's luck ? For ius'tance, supposin' there's races to- day Takin' place ait M<irJ-byr-nong— A course where it's almost impossible, If you follers up form, to go wrong. I lpoks at «tlie weights, and I picks the gees. And puts- em all down in my book ; I picks " Bong Toug." Malula, Col- lin'wood. Flash, Willi a sneakin' for Sammy Cook. Then I goes inter town, and I meets .Tim Smith. Says he. 4 Lena's on St to-dny !" No ! Is she V says 1 ; then 1 rubs out " Bong Tong.' And I says to myself. Hooray I Then I hears as Maiula and Flash won't start, So I substitutes other gees. Till never a one of my own is left— I wipes 'em all out by degrees. . I invests my stuff, then awaits results From tbe sporting telegrams. And I nearly falls down when 44 Bong Tong" goes up. And I cuss with a punter's d s. Then Maiula wins, as I knew he must. Thou Flash, and my face turns white. As 1 tells the crowd how I picked 'em, and they Say. " Serves you then darned well right !" At last ! I've a winner ! Y'es ; Gin gery Jane ! Then I shouts for my push nest door. And when we comes back there's the sturtiug price. With Gingery ."T 10 4. They doik it a-purpose. the Books and the gees. The owners and starting macQiines Conspires together, some dirty trick, To snavel my few poor beans. If I follow the u Millers " they always lose. If I don't, they wins every race : They does it a-purpose, because they're afraid Til pet rich, and. p'r'aps, cop their place. The sani'4 with tbe Stooards. My horse walks in. As I've picked as ray sole selection, And just because I've my little bit on They disqualifies him. on objection. I calls it d— — d hard, but, mind, I don't growl, I'm one of your never-say-dle uns. But 1 alius bears up, and 1 smiles as I parts, Dike Bartlett. or Cohen and Lyons. It's only a matter of time ! I feel sure I shall wiuf a big double some day ; All the same I keep feeling a sort of a dread- Would (he Bookie be able to pay ? I fear I shall never eat quail upon toast. Xor drink Monopole. same as - Sam Allen, ' Because my cert always geTs beat on the post Or eLse I'd gulp fizz by the gallon. One last chance I'H try ; I'll a syndi cate float To finance my tips, a-t my discretion. And I promise, if you will but swim in my boat. That F11 make of each race a pro cession. Punters, give me a chance ; take a share in my scheme, Itfs only a quid each, please part it ! 'Twill realise even a Weish-Habbit- dreain. Mr. Buckley, I'm sure, sir, you'll start it. 