i p w H i i • Dramatis Persons. < Kate Van Siecle. Fred Van Siecle; her husband. Scene. A library richly and artistically .furnished; but untidy.: An open jfireplaee, ill which the fire needs mending. Books, magazines, and child's playthings lvsng around on the floor and chairs. Walking about and putting to right's some of the disorder and muttering untranslatable things is a Man. Man has all the appearance of being married to the New Woman. He is young, -fairly good- looking, and discontented. He glances impatiently at the clock, which is getting on to the stroke of nine. At last, flinging himself in a chair— Mr Van's, (with a sigh)—Day's work done, kid tucked in bed, cook fired—the second this week—household linen put away, and now I suppose (with another deep sigh) a fellow may read his paper. O, hang it! (with a scowl at a big basket on the table) there's the week's mending, the kid's stockings, my regimentals and Kate's. (Brightening). Guess I'll bribe the coachman to do- it. By Jove! The way servants take advantage of the new order of things to fleece a fellow! Unless one wants to adopt the famous lapsus linguaa of Lady Duberley, "Sans peur et sans culotte," as a family motto admirably adopted to reveal the rotten condition of one's clothes and one's menage, it's better to yield up the last cent to these domestic cormorants. (Relapsing into gloom.) What are we coming to, anyway, when woriien do the work which we can do so much better, and vice versa ? (Getting up and going over to the picture of a charming girl in a silver frame on the mantelpiece). O, Kate, when I married you six years ago I was a fool to think you could resist the influences about you and not become an intellectual marionette. (Resuming his chair and unfolding his evening paper). I'll be dashed if you're not going the pace of the rest of your sex just because it's the fashion. (Glancing over the paper he begins to read the following): A SHOCKING AFFAIR. Yesterday afternoon a well - dressed and pretty w-oman was arrested on a street car for winking at a young man on the opposite seat. The car was full of ladies returning from a Woman's Indignation Meeting, all of whom appeared much shocked at the outrage. In less than no time, however, Officers Nellie Hogan. and Bridget O'Rourke had hustled the unfortunate offender off to police, headquarters in the Woman's new and Improved Patrol Landau. This morning she appeared before Judge Fairly, who mildly and humorously explained to the prisoner, that according to the Revised Statutes the nature of her offence was battery and assault, and, he added, "I am disposed to be lenient with you, my dear, you had better try it on an old fellow like me." "I will, sir," the prisoner responded, sweetly, and promptly winked at the Judge. Mr Van S. (lays the paper down and laughs)—O, Kate, Kate, Kate! Here's a case of total depravity for some of our old tabbies' clubs. Hark! That's Kate. I'll bet. (As the sudden stopping of a carriage is heard, then the fumbling of a latchkey in the door, and a highpitched, jovial feminine voice singing popular air now in vogue, " She's the Devil of an Old GirL" A radiant small woman, charmingly gowned, and in a suspicious gale of good spirits, swishes the portiere back and peeps in; discovers her husband with a lady's long black silk stocking in one hand, and trying to put a knot in the darning thread). ilrs Van Siecle (pausing in doorway and smiling vaguely and apologetically)—Hullo, old boy! Think I was never coming? Mr Vafi S. (with tentative air wives used to liave when they could say things but wouldn't)—Well, it hardly matters, since you're here; but aren't you going to stay? Mrs Van S. (looking at clock and fidgeting about without moving her things)—O, I can't really. There is a committee meeting on at the club at 9.30, and Mrs Roastem is to call for me in her. carriage. But, Fred, dear (laughing), you've got your thimble on your thuinb! Mr Van S. (innocently)—Have I ? Then come here and show me where it ought to go. (Mrs Van Siecle goes over good-naturedly, sits on the arm of his chair; and proceeds to darn her own stocking; Mr Van Siecle, meanwhile, slips his arm around his wife's waist, and keeps it there). Mr Van S. (coaxingly)—Kitty, must you go out to-night?? Mrs Van S. (with a comical air of importance)—I must, dearie. Mr Van S.—Somebody put & bee in the old hens* bonnet? ? Mrs Van S. (bridling)—Old hens, indeed! We're not like you men, we don't do everything from spite. (With unconcern). We are going to blackball Mrs Haverfling. Mr Van S. (incredulously)—That pretty little .Mrs Haverfling ? What in thunder has she, done to you women now? Mrs Van S.—Really, Fred, you are getting too bad; thunder—where is the raison d'etre for thunder in your remarks? Mr Van S. (smiling indulgently)—Little prig! A new pose, eh? ^ Borrowed from Miss Primly no doubt. Give it back to her to-morrow. I'd almost rather have you fast; smoke,'swear, drink and say, "Hullo, old man!" as you did awhile ago. \- Mrs Van S. (indignantly)—I? I never did.,. You're dreaming, Fred, (smiling).. Mr Van S. (giving in, weakly)—Perhaps. If so, don't wake me. Stay where you are, Kitty, and let the old "tabbies have their * little "wrangle without you, for one aiight. JDo you know, my dear, I'm in a very bad way, morally and mentally, and I need one whole female missionary all to myself (looking hypocritically woe-begone)! •Mrs Van S. (in a superior tone)— Really, my dear boy, you are very un reasonable to-night. Your nerves are overwrought; you stay indoors too much you ought to get the doctor to give you a tonic to- morrow—something to brace you. I am not surprised that you should fail to see that Mrs Haverfling is a menace to society, sheltered as you are from the knowledge of evil. Why, marriage as an institution is threatened, so long as we tolerate her, and we have to protect the virtue of our husbands and sons. So they said this afternoon at the Club for the Protection and Elevation of Fallen Men. Mr Van S. (laughing immoderately, then: sobering up, as he looks at his wife)—What is the specific nature of her crime? Mrs Van S. (airily)—O, I don't know, but they say at the club that she has always got a string of young fellows in tow, and the unmarried girls never have a ghost of a chance. And every one knows that Granville Smith is head over ears in love with her, and she openly encourages him, and they say at the club that he broke his engagement since he met her. Mr Van S.—Whose affair is that, I'd like to know, but his and the girl's. Mrs Van S. (smiling)—It seems to be a case for the S.P.E.F.M., for at our meeting this afternoon it was decided not to ask him to our houses any more. Mr Van S.-<fc ^ejgods! &-anfille rfallen man! WeM, that's riegtf S || Van S^t'^EKjr^gy, M*?**?- eS, and besides, they m a w me a cdm- -mittee of one to point out to him the error of his ways. Mr Van S. (laughingly)—And you are going to do it? Mrs Van |S. <embari|K8siciyU-I vjiaye? done mean—yyeHi'I^t_ jtdlij you how it was. I wanted to get the nasty affair over, so I went round at once with Miss Primly, who remained in the carriage while I -went up, ,. 'Mr Van S.—And you, Kate, told him he was. a moral leper, a, "whitest sepulchre, and a few other choice thirigs'from* the S.P.E.F.M. vocabulary? Kale, Tin ashamed of you, Mrs Van S.—Can't you let me tell it my owji way (Impatiently) ? I don't"believe 1*11 tell you at aIHgetting -uj> and walking over to the fire). Mr Van S.—There, Kitty, I am all penitence. Come back and tell-" me wliat happened. Mrs Van S. (mollified)- -I was rather awkward, you know, and so I talked of the weather, the last german, the play —anything to break the ice. He had his most provoking smile on, anyway—but, I say, Fred (getting up suddenly and standing In front of him), do you llifee my new gown? Mr Van S.—It's ripping, Kate. Mrs Van f?. (alarmed)—Where, Fred 1 ?' O, I see. That's pretty nearly what Gran vilTe said. Mr Van S.—Confound the fellow * What business Is it of his to make remarks about my wife's clothes? Mrs Van S. (soothingly)—Don't be a jeaTous hubby, now. All he did was to look me over in his critical way and remark: "What a knowing frock you've got on, Mrs Van Siecle,' and you see, Fred, after that I couldn't say anything about his moral delinquencies, and it ended with my asking him to dine with us to-morrow. Mr Van S.^—I£ater what a mess- you've got into with the S.P.E.F.M. they'll throw you out. Mrs Van ST.—I wfeh to heavens they would, or get some of their old; hardened members to do their mission work, for, frankly, I don't feel as prickly as a hedgehog with virtues. Mr Van S.—Then why don't you cut the whole business, Kate? I should thmk one bad man at home was enough for the energies of any average deeent married woman. : Mr Van S. (slowly)—I sometimes feel like it; but, you see, dear, it's the new thing nowadays for women to belong to half a dozen clubs; and I can't be out of fashion: now can I? Mr Van S. (yawning)—I suppose not. Where did you dine? . Mrs Van S. (with a shifting glance)— Our Club for the Study of Brachiopodfr met at five, and it was too late to come home after that, and so, well—I—we went to the Girl Bachelors' for dinner. Mr Van S. (severely)—Kitty .look me in the eye. You've been drinking again, r know the report that club has for cocktails. Mrs Van S. (-defiantly)—What if T have? Can't a fell—girl have a cocktail or two before dinner without her husbaud making a horrid fuss about it? Mr Van S. (puzzled)—How many, did you say? Mrs Van S. (recklessly)—It may have been nine, or perhaps twenty, or I shouldn't wonder if it were a hundred. Really, I don't remember. (An ominous pause). Now, Fi-ed', don't look so glum.. You know they all do it, and I would be thought not a good fel—jolly old girl, if I didn't join them, just in the way of sociability, you. Snow. Mr Van S. (nodding wifely)—I understand'. I used to hear my father say the same thing to my mother. Mrs Van S. (brightening)—You are such a dear old boy, Fred, and never nag a girl. Do you know (with an air of candor) I pity wives who can't come home and tell their husbands everything they know. (She pats his head arid pinches his ear, and pulls his hair, and finally wins a little smile of truce.) But, Fred, dear, what have you done all day? Mr Van S. (indifferently)-—O.the usual dull rounds of household cares. (Begins to poke the fire.) Ethel looked feverish to-night. Mrs Van S. (jumping up excitedly)— Why didn't you tell me before? My child hase been ill, perhaps dying, while you allow me to sit and gossip for hours. That's like a man! i, at all events, have the heart of mother. (Sailing out of the room magnificently.) Mr Van S. (looking after her and chuckling)—There's nothing the matter with the youngster, but I want Kate to stay at home to- night. (Meditatively.) How pretty she is! (A pause.) Confound their clubs and their drivelling reforms. (Wrathfuily.) That a man can't see his wife once in a while! It's enough to drive a fellow to other men's more accessible ones. (Lights a cigarette and sits moodily before the fire. Mrs Van Siecle comes in quietly with her wraps off, and stands behind her husband's chair.) Hadn't we better send for the doctor, Kate? , Mrs Van S. (quietly)—She's not ill, Fred, and you know it, too; but I am hot going out to-night. (Penitently.) I've had a change of heart;; Mr Van S. (drawing his wife on to his knee.)You old dear, and, a change of base too. Then we'll celebw-te. But what's the matter, you look so sober? Mrs Van S.—Fred, tell me, have I neglected Ethel or'you? -''•' Mr Van S. (gently)—We« have both missed you, dear, if that's what you mean, but I haven't compla.ined,. have I? . Mrs Van S. (smiling)—No, dear, you have been an uncomplaining and domestic husband, and I never thought I was really needed, Ethel, has just given me a hint. Mr Van S.—Ethel! How? Mrs Van S.—The little darling opened her eyes, stretched, yawned, and stared at me, and at last threw her amis around my neck and said she was so glad it was Sunday, as she had her mammy then. Fred, "is it as bad as all that? (Beginning to cry.) • Mr Van S.—Never mind, Kitty, you can make it Sunday every, day if you want to, you know. - Mr Van S. (with determination)— Then I will. I decline to be your husband any longer! • Mr Van S. (boyishly)—Bully! But what about your clubs, Kitty? Mrs Van S. (heroically)—The S.P.E. F.M. can peg along" without me. I've got one F.M. of my own to elevate; and as for the Society for Making Pocket Handkerchiefs for the Zulus, I don't care in the least whether they've got noses to wipe or riot.' Mr Van S.—I'd hang on to something, Kate. • Mrs Van S.—Well, it- won't be the Zulus' noses, at all events, Fred. What do you say to the Club for Deciphering Palimpsests? It's ultra-swagger, and no one belongs to learn anything. They only meet once a month. Besides, a few do all the work, and the rest of us pretend to listen and look at the others* new gowns. Mr Van S.—That's t'^e club for you, Kitty. Mrs Van S.—I shall send in my resignation to all the -others to-morrow, then, if you teach me how to cook, and iriend, and spank the baby, and promise 1 to'be very patient Mr Van S.—I shall open a class in dc^es^s 1 economy! jHmi^Sfto one pupil. J firs Man !§|-An£|,.. <&<put your ear j down tSJ J whisper.IVFred; I alwaysJ hated OTektaya&nd-stiff; collars. Mr Van S.-5§«i"t be rash, Kate. (Get- j ting up and going to a mysterious cupboard under the book-shelves, from which he unearths a chafing dish, biscuits/ cheese; some .bottles, , etc.) I am go^lf yo„ ,cpok my last medl> and we'll drink a cocktail to the health of the "Emancipated "Woman." Mrs Van S.—And Man. (Tableau.) % (Curtain.) "Chicago Tribune." 