CAMP EIRE SOCIALITIES. A party of Sydney cyclists, who lately rode | ever the Blue Mountains, came early in the i morning upon the camp of some teamsters, j The men were hospitably offering the use of I their Gre for billy boiling, Stc., but in other : rospec's, writes one of the cyclists in the | "Sydney Morning Herald", they were not j exactly companionable. One crulhy ex 1 plained that he was tired of talking to j bicyclists. " Every blessed one we meet," he I said, " tells up we're cutting up the roads. I Can't he tell ns something we don't know ? i These here roads are made out of cheese, und a baby in a perambulator would cut them up. We don't want to ; it's harder on our horses than it is on your wheels." He was quite willing to use broader- tired wheels if the Go vernment would supply them, but he was of opinion that if the Government wished to save money on road-mending it should not save it out of his pocket. Then he became silent, and we made our camp a little way off. The wind, such as it was, set in our direc tion, and talk from the other camt) made itself very audible. Horse stories, of course, were predominant, notably some relating to an animal 28 years old. A swagroan who was sharing the teamsters' breakfast grew incredulous. " Dicken, old man, Dicken," he said. " By the Hogan's ghost, and it's a fact," said the gruff teamster. " Von could hobble him and tie his head down to the hobbles, and then you couldn't catch him. Jim Tynan was the only man J knew that conld. But he was a terror, was Jim; when he set out to do a thing he just did it, and that was all about it. 1 saw him once with that old bay I was telling you of—him with the roach back. He'd had a three weeks' Bpell, which was more than Jim's horses nsnally got; and when Tynan went to mount him he bucked away from him and went off up the paddock. Jim looked at him and shook his head, but didn't say anything; then he took off bis coat, just as if he was going to bed, and hung it over the top rail, and put his hat on a post, and took bis boots off and put them by the post, and tucked his trousers up to the knees — he hadn't got any socks on ; and then be started after the horse and caaght him ; and that time the beast backed towards him and the Btirrup-leather broke, and then the girth broke, and Jim went up with the saddle between his legs, and he came down without it and lit on the bay barebacked, and took him the worst ride he ever did since he was foaled. Oh, he was none too bad a rider was Jim Tynan!'* There was a prolonged silence after this. I wish cycles would buck or break away or do something/'said Ted in a half-whisper, "it raust^be delightful to tell stories like that." ' r. ■ ■ Presently the talk ncross the way flowed again; fHorses rbeipg barred, woman (as the next most importabt! subject) came up for discussion.- The teamster expressed admira tion for. the Ha wkesbury damsels, especially for theirbi??.. Bat theswagsinau's turn had come. He pooh^jo&hed-them.; " Why, Bill," he said—Bill was the second teamster, who came from Swaggie's district—"you remem ber Kate Johnson, don't yon?—her that held her head so high f "My oath !" said Bill, gravely ; "I've seen her that when she cried the tears'd rundown her back." "That girl"—Swaggie turned to the gruff man—" was six and a half feet high. I ain't telling no lies about it. I remeiulier her at a dance once. A young fellow asked Iter for a dance—(do you remember Tom Catta, Bill ? tiny little beggar he was)—and she looked at him and Bays, ' I'll give yon a dance on my knees, if you like, baby," she says. And he was a perky little idiot—eh, Bill V " Aug-gh," granted Bill; " you conld tell hiin for a fool—his legs bent at the knees." '• Well, lie was a fool; and he plagued her for a dance. So she stood up with him; and I when the music started she just swung him right ronnd the room twice and let go, and j he fell all of a heap np in a corner. And { then he wasn't contented." I "Some men." said Bill, "would grumble' if yon hanged them, because they wasn't! drowned." The gruff man broke in decisively: "I don't call that girl any good of a girl. That's not fair treatment of a man—first wipe the j tloor with him, and then chuck him away, i No girl's got a right to treat a man as if he was a dishcloth." 