Beminiäceace ol a Quondam Bohemian (WRITTEN FOR THE .' EXAMINER.") CHAPTER I. OLD Strongitharm bad been one of the strongest ot men. He stood about six feet in height, lt was not his stature that ?track a stranger the most; it was bis compact build, breadth of shoulders, and length of arms. It muBt now be about nine years ago since I saw him, down Illa- warra way, working at one of the coal-mines there ; and I maj remark by the way that I do not care ever to see him again. He was then on the decline of life, yet, when in- flamed by drink, which was not an uncommon thing, he might startle a stranger seeing bim performing. He is probably alive to- day-though he were much better dead, so far as himself and this world are concerned. That the man had an uncommon history Wis apparent to any ordinarily observant person. - Drunk or sober, he waB very crafty and close regarding the life he had led before arriving at Coaltown. I often thought that he muBt have had any amount of bully boldness, as well as sagacity, in his .palmy days. As it is unnecessary to give more than a brief introduction to this -abnormal character, I will at once set forth what I started to tell the readers of the Examiner. " Good morning to you, sir," said old Strongitharm to me one fine Sunday' morning. '.Good morning, Captain ; how are you this beautiful morning ? " I had been in his company the previous night, and had observed him under the influence. " I do not feel well this morning," said . he, "for I have had too much beer and brandy of late, - Do you know a 'cure, with- out takiDg a hair from the dog that bit me ?" * " I think not, nt least, not in your case." " And why particularly not in my cose. Gan you tell me that ? " " JD the first' place. Captain, simply ; be- cause I am of the opinion that your stomaoh is too sickly for what I. would prescribe in another case, perhaps ; and secondly, I guess that yourself would be greatly disgusted if I gave you my recipe for a complete reco-r very from the evil effects of drink." ' "Never mind, let me hear it, please." " Since you will have it, it is simply to take two tablespoons of castor oil, and stay at home nursing it off." " By jove, Mac, you. have hit it; that is, you have said just what I was thinking of doing, BO that"* Bettles'.'it.' I think I will go straight to my'hut'and do as you advise. For I saw some .funny things at break of day, and-I dread tho horrors worse than the devil is said foi dread holy water. When I was like it once'before, I remember tbat.a dose bf o'nator 'oif cured mo. Though some people Bay it is a horse medicine only (beoause, I- suppose, it is such sickly stuff), yet I believe it is' the Bafest and best medi- cine for a person to take, beoause a child can take it for good as well aa a man," ' .' " Have you got any at home, Captain?" J "Tes." * "When you had a touch of delirium tremens previously, what'were the funny things you saw?" ?* " Well, ; first and foremost, I saw. ; the devil, ns plainly at I now see you ; and he was followed by a legion of demons dancing . attendance on him and jigging around me. " What was the devil like, Captain ? " "Now; I could not describe him' defi- nitely, because though be could not change color like a chameleon, for he was always a devilish jet-black, yet he could readily change his form and size. One instant he would seem to be the size of a black opos- sum, aod presto I he was the next instant like an elephant, then his big body would appear to dissolve into the air, leaving only tho trunk or tail, which would assume the shape of a fiery black analco cycling^ around me, with his retinue of imps sparkling'like fire-flies. HolyiMoses ! See. him now." The old fellow broke into a state of per- spiration, and shook like a reed in the wind with the, fright. I told him to remember that . he should see nothing in his sober senses which I could not see, and that as I saw nothing, it must : be only bis imagina- tion playing a prank with his^ better reason. " By the living God there ia somthing in it. Don't you be cocksure of there being no devil. I, haye seen bim over and over again, as I saw him just now. Whether .reality or imagination, there is!. not the slightest doubt about the devil, - And what are realities and imaginations ? Thé. imagi- nation -may not' have the mathematical accuracy of so-called realities, still the very -weakest part of our being may demonstrate .that there is a devil ; and if .fancy faintly shows it, it shows it justas sure ns Ithe twilight is a part of tho Bun." " Tut, tut, Captain ; that is too abstruse for a common understanding. Sour devil is nn effect ; the cause of him existing is the immense amount of grog you baye imbibed. Therefore, one might just ns roaaonably assert that drink ia .the devil in solution, aa tho teetotallers put it." " That is all very well," said the old man, " but you ask the opinion of those who have been to hell's'gatos. I hnvo been there-i many a'ti'me.";. : , "And,'Captain, you will go there again' -at last and fall into the bottomless pit." " Then, my boy, I will never touch bot ^tom/'But come down to aeo ' mo in the evening,'will you ?.." ; "I will, seeing you desire me to do' so.' 'Do not 'give way, m the meantime, to the vagaries of the blues." . "I trust not. So long. ? Be sure to come, for I will be expecting.'you." "So long," I said, " I havo promiaed." - Thus we parted in.the morning. - It was: tho firat time old Strongitharm had made himself so familiar with me to any extent, »nd I felt interested in him, and |trusted to ?loam from" ; him something to satisfy my curiosity'- coneéraia^|Hhe°;man,"îôr 1 felt .certain that there was something,in a story -of this man's lifo.. Truly th'oro waa-ns I, learnt that truth is strander than fiction1 bv ?far. -..i...- .. .. ?CHAPTER II. .WHEN I went down to seo him in tho oven ing, Captain Strongitharm Boomed to mo to 'be as woo-bogono as a' sick bandicoot, 'or an old horse'.with tho mange standing in a rush of rain. ,1 groetod. hitn by asking' how he felt. . "Cyb--! this old hulk, sir, is going to break up and founder for ever. 1 nm sail- ing on tho Nevor Never this time." " Nonsense, man, yon are not in the six- ties yet.. A man like you, barring accidents, ought to bo good enough for another twenty years." . . " But, Mac, I nm a blasted son oE a gun ; and r have boon a sad Bea-dog before. I came to Coaltown. lt is often thought pf lat» that it would'have been.better ; for me had,they carried out their infernal sentence .upon'me years ago, and hanged me, ai then I might have got a bit of a chance to have changed, and so have gone to Heaven straight from the hangman's rope, as most men do who are hanged,' according to some people's ideas." ... ' "Hanged you years' ago-who hanged, or rather, who was going to hang you years ago ?" '.??.? ""Why/ the New South'"Wales Govern- ment, man ¡ or directly, ' Nosy Bob, acting from instructions from Sheriff Cowper. You have surely heard how. I was lying under sentence of death at Darlinghurst." " Of coursé," though T had heard some- thing of the sort, yet it was considered beBt not to tell him so. After sitting silently awhile he said, !' It's no use,' I must have some grog. Take thia crown and slip up town like a good fellow, to get me a bottle of rum." '. ' ? ': : " Now, Captain-" ' " Now, no now, bow wow wow ; go on, Sir, or I will have to go myself." This ho said in a fierce and commanding manner, which ho tried to say in a playful way. At all events',' I went out to the hotel and brought back a bottle of Usher's whisky, instead of a bottle of rum,' which I thought better for him-and perhaps for meas well. "...'' '.. .' Very , quietly we took' a couple bf nobblers. Then we spoke of being, at that particular time in church worshipping God, while we were drinking to the devil. Soon the bottle .waa half empty. What a change I Strongith- arm" by thia time'waa'saying how he felt better than ever he was in his life. I waa cautious not to ask him any questions which might put him on his guard in reference to my curiosity to hear from him his own account about his having been sentenced to death. Very cautiously thea did I partake of the liquor, having an object in view. At length, however, he grew loquacious, : and dropped his laconism, for romance as it seemed to. me at the time. »The truth of it though, on the whole, is on record at Darlinghurst, where Captain Strongitharm *óüc6^ »GtUllIj lay ; under sentence of death, which should in his case have been carried "out ' He never gave me date«, or if he did j they'aro now forgotten/ But it muat have been in the seventies that he received bis sentence, for ' the wholesale' alaughter of the South Sea Islanders. ; If ever a man deserved to be hanged it was old Strongitharm. It gives me unoanny sensation! even' now,' and makes me suffer inaomnia to dwell on my horrible experien ce with that terrible fellow, ''' '.' '. " By the way, Captain, there will not be danger of devils visiting you in the morning, will there?" You seem now 'to have happily forgotten all that, , ' . " ; , ' "För tha devil grew sick, then the devil a saint would be, The devil got well, and the devil a saint was ; he." ' : .-'; ' ,.: .-" ' : '. '; "The devil: be damned! I can hardly think what made, me such a blinded idiot as to be fooled by any'fantastic imaginations. But I fancied I saw every wretch whom I sent to hell long ago, , both ; blacka and whites. You must know, Sir, that I was formerly a blackbirder, and in charge bf aa trim a vessel as ever sailed down'to the islands for niggers. And at the preeent time I have about eleven thousand pounds in a British bank, which might aa well be in Heaven so far as I can touch it, for I cannot get away from this blasted colony. "AU that pile of money was made by me in the .blackbird trade. " How is it you cannot get away from this country, Captain ?" ? "Well, it came to pass this way.- Old J. H., who had more to do with the trade than ho himself would have cared to be known, could: save too from being hanged only on auch a condition. You know, I had knocked too many niggers on the head. "One voyage, for instance, I took forty more than my complement,* fully expecting that the' wretchea would droop and die off as they bad done from a neighbouring island on" the previouB voyage, by- which I lost a good many pounds. Only three of this cargo died, and. I knocked three' dozen of the scrubbers: on'the'head, and threw them overboard during, the night before entering port, in order not to be fined for carrying1 more than regulation- number ! ' " Still coming into port with : Buoh a full complement of finé boys caused comments ; and when a"body waa washed ashore shortly after, suspicion arose concerning it, and an inquiry was held. The: affair ended in me hoing arrested, sent, to Sydney, tried and sentenced to deathl" . ..'';', V " It waa an awful thing for you to do, Captain ; and it is not to be wondered at now that you Baw their ghosts this morning. But, if I mistake, not, you said you saw ghosts both black and white. Have some of the blacks changed their colour since you sent them to kingdom-come ?<" " No, Sir,' I will- tell you about it though I have never spoken of it to anyone else. : But I have talked about it to myself at times until I thought I had gone luney." > ". But, first of all, by all that is holy, you must swear to have your > throat cut across and your body buried a cable's length from tho shore where > the tido. ebbs and, flows over regularly, before divulging what I shall > now.tell you!" ' ??'' ! When I was blackbirding I soldom had more thain a couplo of whites with me to manage my craft ¡ and they wore carefully chosen; One waa something of a giant, even' bigger than' myself, but ho had ' a 'stolidity ; and fidelity for. ' comprehending nothing beyond my instructions.' Ho was a splendid specimen of a sailor, and invaluable to me. The other was a Dutchman, and I took him for a reason which ia matterless to make known to you. . . ' Besides we three whites, I had two or three black boys whom I had picked and trained to the work myself. ' Wbon any ono of the latter failed to satisfy me, T would hit him a hard blow on the head, and hèavo him over for the sharks. . Tho Dutchman was mr mato. , Ho was very fat, hence I "called him tho Porpoise. Ho had ah'awful weakneBB for grog. W hon- orer that fellow sn.w half a slant, he would swim in rum or whisky, or anything, indeed, that would make him intoxicated for aspell. On this account I feared, him for certain renBons.whon ashoro.' Thcrofore, I meditated murdering him, '.. '. '"-?'. But a chance came at last to -effectively got rid of him, without tho slighlo.it shadow bf him beingloft to'tell any fairy talea' ; It happenod this way : .I was. at ono of tho Cannibal Islands'endeavouring to take off aumo ' boya;- yet without1 succoas. /There were too many of thom : thore for mo to overcome,* either hy force or stratagem. They would, face, tho'.rifles, like fanatics. ThoBO who were killed made a foast for tboir mates. ''; J' ; ' >. Dtitchy gavo "thtm 'many a good fount ; for next to drinking grog, ho was like a fiend with the. rifle among aiggeii" who | showed fight; and he would blaze away at the poor beggars for fun very often, after we had taken aboard as many as we wanted. " "Well, despairing of getting a cargo of boys from this island,_I was on the point of leaving; for the Porpoise had got to the locker and grog, and he was dead to the world. While debating to myself about setting sail that day, or waiting until the morning, a canoe put off from shore ' with half-a-dozen niggers in it. They made friendly signals, and I made signs for them to como alongside the vessel. .? " When they got tip, I invited the Chief on board. Then I gave him a couple of glasses of grog, and made him understand that I would give him any amount of grog if be would only let me quietly take some of his men for a few moons ; and I promised to bring them all safely back to him- again, with any amount of drink. "Ho saw Dutchy lying drunk on deck, and then his eyes glared savagely. He said be would let me have as many men as I wanted in ' exchango for the Porpoise 1 Here was my chance. I guessed why he desired the Porpoise, and as it suited me exactly, I told the Chief to hurry up with his boys, and be should have the mate for a sacrifice, also plenty - of grog 'into the bar- gain. - -? -.' -'?'' ? ? - ?.' \" " Before, dark, I was sailing away from the island with fifty fine boyB secured in the hold. . These .were disposed of,,satis- factorily on arriving in port. . Then I looked around for another mate. - . ' \- ? Going ' along ' Queen-streot,. Brisbane, I was accosted by a rough- looking Russian, whom I didn't know, at first sight.' How- ever, he soon made himself . known. The fellow had-been in the island trade, where we had met and exchanged greetings on a' few occasions, He waa just, the man for me; and being out of a billet at the time, he asked me if I could give bim a berth. Of course I did, and offered him a third of the profits. - - . ' '."Vi "? Before setting sail again, I hinted to my, new mate how easy it would. be to do a trade, if we carried another Porpoise .with us. Then he said he would kidnap ono ; and instead of ono fat one as I had de- scribed my former mate, he brought two aboard in very good order of flesh- drunk to be'sure."' . ', ' ' . ' ' "Many a trip we* two made together, often with two or three Porpoises aboard, for they turned out a very successful specula-' tion among tho .cannibals. I waa just thinking it about time'tb give up, and sell out, to my mate,'when we were ruined. It was like a judgment upon me, I think,: SB I allowed the "Russian to. dispose of my model sailor-that last trip, for he was short of a Porpoiae, he said." ,:',, v .Here I made some exclamation of horror, at which he only laughed like a demoniac. He took some more; whisky, hut did not make any further comments, on his black- birding business. . It had, indeed, been dreadfully fascinat- ing for me to sit and listen to this monstrous tale of modem days and . places. But the spell was broken, and I hastily left him to finish the whisky by himself. I now pos- sessed his terrible secret, which was a worse burdon to mo,than the burden of sin which Christian bore on his. back in the Pilgrim's ProgreBa, . . ,: OHAPTKR III. . TnE narrator of these notes. haa escaped both dangers'' and death very often by the " akin' of his teeth." ?. What he is about to relate in this, chap ter' will give at least one instance of a-narrow escape. 'Possessed of odd idiosyncrasies, the writer has sometimes nonplussed not only his "friends, but also of bis ownaelf-to-say nothing1 of men who professed to be able to read character. But thé .'habits of mau must not bo studied similarly to'the standard by which we judge the 'lower animals, because . there is . an immortal spark for good or evil in us all, which cannot, be accounted for, notwith- standing'Christian revelations'; and which will never be relied on by a WÍBO man. " Find iE you can, in what you : cannot change." " ' *'? But by the way again, selfishness seems to stick, steadfastly in the souls of men as a whole,- which is modified - only ¡ by the maternal instinofc.- Though I am wandering, still I should like to show, that it is owing to ono oE the peculiar characteristics of my nature'(call it weakness if it so please you) that I have been perverse in' evil experien- ces. This' particular.'trial or complaint 'in my character is an easy indifference of, con- sequences- following anything that may have been > wilfully done. .'?'While it is badly enough 'shown when 'strictly sober, in a greater, or ' lesBer degree inflamed by whisky, it amounts to an abandoned reck- lessness, which', ia positively alarming at times, ''The reader ' may *' now be able to understand how it came about that I allowed old Strongith'ar'm to put a halter around'my neck. - ,1 had dropped incidentally into the com- pany of'some, coalminers of Coaltown, who were endeavouring to drown their cares in drink. Soon I. became as boisterous^ as anyone in' the company.v perhapB 'a little more so than the'1 owners ; for "? when wine (or whisky) is;irii the wit is out." Somehow Captain Strongitharm was found among,us bofore closing time.. ; Soon as I spotted him, utterly regardless' of -consequences, I shouted to thé company,that there, waa a monster in human .shape I " Bemember your , oath, you son of a gun," he hissed in my ear. \- " O, ho, gentlemen I " I shouted, ."Jie thinks to frighten mo into silence, Bimply because he induced me to take an oath when , under tho' influence ^pf ? Usher's' whisky, not to tell anybody what ho then told me. Big and frightful as he is, he cannot frighten me into silence when I choose to Bpeak. And I- cannot conscienti- ously believe such an oath aa: binding under tho circumstances. As it will do but little good to enter into particulars hore, I will only remark in a general way that that monster ia a murderer, a wholesale murderer of the worst description, according to his own confession. Hence lot us hound out him bf our company." ^ "PoohI" ono of tho minors exclaimed, "everybody is awaro of that, but nobody takes any notico of it now. Bygones should bo bygones, Ho only knocked a lot of kanakas "on_ tho bead; ' and:, more po wer to his arm if "ho had only killed all tho kanakas about Australia. - . " Believe me,"T said, " he not only killed kanakas, but he also kidnapped white mon, porpoises ha called thom bocause tie caught fat ones, and he. gavo thoBO white mon to cannibals in barter for .blacks. He told me that horrible thing himsolf. I fdr ono am' not going to remain in his company." , Old Strongitharm rushod at mb like a mnd bull ; and there wad the devil to pay for a timo until the publican got tis outside,' when Constable Phillip made us restrain j ourselves. It . was now closing time, and .. the monster had made oS. But I Btayed behind for some while to try to make matten clear to the minera. At last, however, I trudged towards borne, and I had almost arrived there when whir-I waa lassooed! Sure enough there was a halter around my neok, and I was dragged to the ground. It struck me at once that it was the work of the old villain, Strongitharm, and though it alarmed me some, yet I was possessed very keenly bf the sense of self-preserva- tion, and determined not to be done.away with very easily. The lassoo choked me a little, bnt made me sober and alert. So I pretended to be dead-dead drunk ! .The villain gave me little time to think what was to 'be done, for he sprang upon me with a grunt of great satisfaction. Then he tied my hands behind my back with his strap, and dragged mo towards the top of the sea cliffs not far away Thought-he had been muttering ' and grunting to himself, be - did r not. speak plainly enough for me to make out what he was saying until ' he had me on" the top of the cliff. Then I beard him say when he stopped *'I; wonder if the little b-? ia dead already. \Servea him right. Still I liked him. ; Ho should have held his tongue. But he must go over now: It is- not' safe for me to'let him'escape, I have a good mind to jump over.the cliffs, as the beBt way to end it. But I am a coward I Believe in hell. This funny; little- b-- doesn't believe in "hell.;;'.Hepwill,- soon know the secret now, if he hasn't already learnt it. They will think that he ! has committed suicide.- But atop, his hands are tied behind' his back; He ia such ' a -fiery little devil, I was a ' bit afraid of him. If ; he should' be.found at the bottom of the 'cliffs with his hands tied, behind bis back, there will be an-inquiry, and wilful murder against somebody given, and that will mean me. I can put'the strap round bia. feet. \ But it is my strap.' .That will give me away." I couldn't put.half down what he said at the time. I felt, with joy and hope spring- ing in my breast, that be would untie, my hands before making an attempt to heave me over the cliff. At last he approached me, and when he was undoing-the strap, he said "I think I will tie his bootlaces together in case of him coming round suddenly before I get him over. " -. -"'???'?'??',. When he took the strap from my hands, and was busy tying-my,bootlaces together,' then I' thought to myself " It - is now or never." .: Though my hands felt cramped' from being strapped tightly, yet I felt the strength ot desperation . in them, and I suddenly .sprang upon the old wretch,' with my breast on the back of his head, and my arms around his neck, clamping the fingers together with -the knuckles of one hand pressed hard against his' throat! Thus T securely and easily held him. ' It was a grip which I had learnt from a Yorkshireman, and it has served me on more than that particular occasion. Yet here it served^ me well ! Though I am but a little man, it is believed ' that the biggest man living cannot shake me off when I get " Dick "on him, as it is called. '- Yet !there is a way, only one way that I am aware of, by which certain men who know how, may free themselves from "Dick".-at the risk of breaking their necka. i . : : : \- The bid rascal was a rough and tough customer to 'hold ; and had I "not! learnt " Dick " -thoroughly by.much.; practice, he might have - given me the Blip," and I would not have been alive to-day to have told the tale to the readers of the Examiner., ? : V; ; He struggled very violently to get, free, and with one. superhuman effort which he made, he forcefully flung me down. But he had to come with me, for aa -I have said, there is no getting out of .' Dick !" " Then I became actually afraid ? of him, although I hold him so securely in the grip of '' Dick," because there waa every proba- bility, that be would cause us both to topple over the cliff by his twisting and . wriggling. Indeed, it appeared as if that were the very thing he was trying'for. ^ - - Then I determined to make shorter and severer work of him than I otherwise would have done. Hence I strongly pressed my knuckles into his wind-pipe, pressing heavily on the back of his head with my breast, and soon it'waB all over/'.'I felt him grow quito limp like a lump of Boft clay, then I let go. ,1 struck a match'to take a look at him, for it was. as pitch dark as any night I ever knew. " U, ' horror upon ' horrors I his eyes protruded < horribly from their sockets, and the sight of him.was frightfully sickening " dead, dead, dead I" I exclaimed. .:' I ran home, put a few things in a blanket, and before daylight was well on my way tb Sydney. I took boat for Melbourne. After rambling^ about Victoria-for a few months,r and seeing or hearing nothing about the ease in the papers. which I eagerly perused, then I concluded that it might be safe for me to venture back again. I cautiously worked my way back. On arriving at Coaltown, almost thefirst person I Baw therei was old Strongitharm, who only glared at hie savagely and surprisodly. I shook my Cat at him, and he slunk off the station platform. ' Yet it made, me glad to think that I had not, after all, committed murder or rather manslaughter. However, I lost no time in- shaking the duat of Coal town off. ' Yet J intend to make a-Vint there before long.; Though tb oro is neither, woman or love in this terrible tale, vet there aro both. 11 beliero, nt Coaltown for mo. . v* . D.M. 