CHAPTER IT. THE WELL HOUSE, GOTNERSBUR7. The Well House, Gnnnersbury, was the oldest building for many miles round. The welt from whieh it took its name in ages gone by had furnished a water supposed to be en dowed with great healing properties. In the early part of the last r-entury it was a resort of the semi-fashionable kind, and delicate dames used to drive outfrom their mansions in May fair, with the rise of the morning sun, to drink the Gunnesbury waters. But the water, it would appear, ldst its healing properties and ite reputation, and the glories of the Well House departed, never to return. After that the Well House passed through over a century of various vicissitudes and fortunes. It was at one time the residence of a fair lady of the period, who there held her mimic Court every Sunday, and in the reign of the last of the Georges it was the .property of the" fair lady's son, who gambled it away, together with the rest of his belongings. Litigation ensued, and tlje Well House, with all that to it per tained, was thrown into that abyss of destruc tion—Chancery. There it remained until a few years previous to the commencement of our history, acquiring dapy a more finhly established reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of its previous owners. The walls were mere tottering stands j of masonry, overrun by ivy and other creepers, : the woodwork rotten. The ironwork crumbled beneath the touch, and the garden was, in summer time, one lovely wilderness of un- i trammelled glory. A day arrived when the Court of Chancery, j tired of its work of destruction, determined to j sell the place, and Mrs. Hill, Endalie's aunt, bought it for the proverbial song. Brick layers, masons, carpenters, and so forth, were set to work, and the result was a pretty, com fortable, modern villa, provided with every thing that could make life enjoyable. Mr3. Hill had long been on the look-out for ; such a place—quiet, secluded, situated on a i road used by few people, and absolutely unover looked. The address was a good one, and the house had been so constructed that surprise was impossible. In case of danger, there was a little window on the highest point of the roof, from which the approaches on all sides could be seen for a mile round, and, although attack was difficult, the means of escape were well provided for. At the same time, the Well House presented every appearance of the highest respectability. The staff consisted of Mike Roan, the serving man whom the reader has seen, of an elderly woman who had been many years in Mrs. Hill's service, and of her daughter, who was equally devoted to the family. ~ The next morning was as fine and balmy as the previous night had been wretched and rain-soaked. In the Well House some of the inmates had been astir from about 5 o'clock, and by 7 it would have puzzled the shrewdest detective to find in the place a proof of the burglary which had been committed by Endalie Verpoint. The jewel boxes had been burned, the gold melted into one lump, and the jewels tied into little packets, which were secreted upon the person of Mrs. Hill. Mrs. Hill herself was driven shortly after 9 to Gunnersbury Railway Station, where she took a train citywards. Mike then returned to the Well House, and, depositing in his dogcart a lady's portmanteau and valise, sent word to inform Miss Endalie that the trap was ready. The young lady herself stepped into the garden shortly afterwards, as radiant with smiles as if her past night had been undis turbed by aught but th; brightest and most innocent of dreams. Dress, face, and figure were equally charming, and her beauty seemed to be rather of the frail and fragile than of the kind which is improved by muscular exercise, the si " Had anybody placed by the side of those tiny patent-leather shoes the heavy Blutchers which she had kicked off in the hall, and even sug gested that she might have worn them, he would have been thought mad. Endalie jumped lightly into the vehicle, and taking the reins from Mike's hands, drove away m the direction of Richmond. She had passed every step of that road on tho previous night, and it moved her pulse not tho space of a breath to return by the way along which she had toiled in the rain with her booty in her pockets and her liberty at the mercy of any policeman who mfght stop her. The morning paper had contained no an nouncement of the burglary; but that was hardly possible, as the news could not have reached Fleet-street in time. As she passed the gateway of Benchief Lodge, however, she noticed a policeman standing there, engaged in conversation with what to Endalie's practised eye appeared to be a detective. " They've found out bythis time that they've lost something," she said to herself, "and are trying to look for it." At that moment, a carriage and pair came dashing down the walk towards the road. Two ladies were seated in it, both young and fashionably dressed. Endalie shot asncerful glance towards them and drove on. " It's no use, my darling Angelina," Endalie said to herself, " grieving over those earrings. You'll never see them again. They'll decorate some Eastern beauty, who'll never know that you're breaking that dear little heart of your's over them." It is probable that had Lady Angeline Ayot been aware of Miss Endalie's Verpoint's self communion she would have been inclined to feel even more spiteful than Endalie gave her credit for. Richmond Station was soon reached, and there Endalie took the- train to Windsor, the faithful Mike returning with the empty dog cart to Gunnersbury. A handsome, hale, and hearty old gentle man, whose white moustache and short trimmed white whiskers labelled him as an old soldier, was waiting on Windsor platform, in the company of a pretty young lady, whom tlie flush of expectation had made doubly charming, when tlie train from town steamed in. The old gentleman's eyes ran up and down the line of carriages, and when at last he espied the object of his search in the person of Endalie Verpoint, lie pushed his way through the crowd towards her with a vigour and energy which prophesied another thirty years at least of healthy life. The young lady followed quite as deter minedly but with less force of onslaught upon the throng. Then there came a scene of handshaking and kissing such as is supposed only to happen when young ladies meet who are really fond of one another, and who have not seen each other for some days at least. Endalie's belongings, together with Endalie and Miss Winnie Theveney, were speedily de posited in the lihdau which was waiting oqt side the station, whilst Sir Peter swung him self on to a big chestnut and was ready to play the part of attendant equerry; then the caval cade set out for the Rook's Nest, about a mile away. That Endalie Verpoint and Winncy The veney were two as pretty young ladies as might have been found in the Royal Borough that day could hot have been denied by any man who had eyes, nor by any woman, criti cally disposed though she might have been. Endalie, dark, with a beauty but for her fair i skin of the Southern type, with flashing dark eyes and curly dark-Brown hair, setting off the most translucent of complexions; and Winnie, fair, dreamy, blue-eyed, of the tenderest and sweetest Anglo-Saxon type. There was always that in Endalie's eyes which might have made a man afraid of the character that lay behind that handsome face, but that Winnie was as good as she was pretty might have been read in every feature, in every line... And it was but natural, when one of these twodunning young ladies was engaged to be married to a desirable young gentleman, in the person of Mr. Christopher Churn, before the end of the month, that'the talk; of the moment should wander towards millinery and ladies' finery, towards dresses and bonnets, and the hundred what-nots dear to the female heart. Endalie was in her brightest and sprightliest of moods. Things had gone very well on the previous night,*" and she was then journeying towards a fresh hunting-ground. All plans had been most studiously prepared. All the trai» were well baited. A tried and trusted confederate, in the person of Reuben Mayes, the gardener of the Rook's Nest, had mea sured every inch of the ground, examined every lock, and settled every door and path of escape. Every emergency had been provided for, and absolutely nothing seemed to be left to chance. Failure itself could not bring de tection in its track. And that was to be her last coup—that one danger over, she had promised herself repose and the life of an honest woman. Whether the latter would prove as interesting as her present one of excitement and crime sne knew not, but for the moment she longed for it. The thoughts came aud went, black, grey, and white, but the smile never left that liandsome ■, face.. How it affected her friend, who sat by her side, in all her love and confidence, inte rested her not. | The Rook's Nest was a pretty place, stand ing in about ten acres of park-like grounds. It had originally been built by Sir Peter's grand father, a Director of the East India Company in its most glorious days. It was a roomy, comfortable house, built modestly, and with little view to outward show, though it boasted of some artistic pretensions in the Gothic windows of the billiard-room and the library, the iron scroll-work which protected the doors and windows and the stone carvings, and especially in the marble glories of its colonnaded hall. Age had toned down the flaring red of the bricks of which it was mainly built, and a veil of creeping plants helped in the task. It stood in close proximity to the open road, from which it was sheltered by a couple of score or so of huge and venerable elms and poplars. The gardens and grounds stretched away at the back of the building as far as the eye could reach. The brightest of laughter echoed across the sward as tne landau drove up the gravel path towards the verandah of the dining-room. Happiness and good cheer and the comforts of an English home. And the dove at that moment was bringing the hawk into her nest as an honoured guest, 