How Chinese Bobavo in Battle. A SKEIOH Oil THE OHINA-JAPAN VtAR. The battle of the Yolu River is described In the following by Captain M'Griffin, who was one of the officers accompanying the Chinese fleet. Ho sayn Our squadron— under Admiral Ting Ju Chung—lmd arrivod at the mouth of the Yalu River, in convoy of transports, tho day before. The disem barkation of the troops, which took plnce fifteen miles up tho river, occupied tho whole of tho night. Noxb morning oaoh flhip wont to gonoral quarters, and wo woro busy exorcising tho crows at the guns, when the Japaneao fleet, camo in sight. It was a beautiful day, with a gontlo breeze, and wp could seo and oount the number of their Bhips distinctly. An soon as wo saw the enemy, and beforo they sighted us, we up anohor and started after them. As they woro steaming ahead, and we were lying still, they made more smoke than we did, and bo we gob sight of them before they perceived us. But when wo. Btarted in pursuit, they wore immediately made awaro of ourjprcsonco byjour increasing plumes of smoke. For a while tliny seemed to hold off, reconnoitring. They must have known that wo had six torpedo-boats and foargunboats, besides our regular squadron, and thoy consequently thought wo woro oven more formidablo than wo really woro, becauso tho torpedo boats and tho gunboats were up tho river ; and of tho lot only, two of the formor joined U3 during tho battlo— and that when it was half over. " Whilo thuB reconnoitring ua," continued M'Giffin, " they woro going parallel to our squadron, and, to tho eyo of Commodore Lin, seomed to bo steaming away from us. I shall never forget the offeot tho sight had upon the poor follow. Wo woro on the bridge together, and upon seeing them, aa ho thought, move away,' his fnco became beaming, and lio cried out, in English—lie had previously been speaking in Chinese— clapping his hands • together and striding along tho bridge as ho did so, ' Goddam, they rotiro I Goddam, they retire 1' I said, ' They do not moan to go away, cap tain. Wo ahull have our fight.' "I was on tho bridgo taking tho range when tho nction began, and all through tho action I had little ohanoo oF scoing what was going on beyond tho fighting of our own ship. X had time to admire tho onemy's lino of battlo. But thoro was hardly time to admirotho beauty of thoscono beforo I was mado awaro that tho action had be gan in oarnest by tho Ting Yuen opening fire. Wo followed suit a minuto or two afterwards, and tho Japs soon replied to our music. I was curious to soo tho effect upon our officers. A shot passed ovor us ; it was only a ricoohot ; but it was enough to pub all the fight out of tho major part of thom. Indeed, I say that hardly 0110 was soen aftor that. I saw our navigating lieutenant, a Foo-Chow man—all a cowsrdly lot—dis appoar, palo as a ghost, from tho starboard turret at the second shot. I, had occasion to give him r bib of my mind, or, rather, of my foot, a littlo lator. Something had gone wrong with tho training engine of one of tho turrets, and I was obliged to go down into tho armoured placo below to pub it right. As I was getting down, somebody caught hold of my logs and tried to stop me, shouting out, " There's no room for any more liore—you must go somowliero else to hide." I looked down and saw tho naviga ting officer and somo half a score more crouching thoro in mortal fear of tlioir lives. I was so mad with tho navigating lieutenant that I lot him havo ono in the chest with my foot, knooking all tho wind out of him. They lob me go down aftor that, and so I was enabled to pub tho ongine to rights." No wonder tho Japanoso wero victorious with suoh a foe. Bub ovon this was not tho worst, for f Captain M'Giffin found Com modoro Lin—commander of tho right wing, and his, senior oflicor on tho Ohon Yuen—in an ovon still moro degrading position than, liis officers. "Every now ond then I heard a Btrango noiso in tho conning tower below me," Baid tho captain ; "it was moro liko tho howling of a dog than anything else I can liken it to, and I mis very onrious to know what it could bo. However, I had not tiino to inquire thou. But after a whilo I had occasion to go down into tho conning tower, in order to richt^tlio ship, when, to my astonishment, who should I soo but my worthy captain ! Ho was lying grovelling on his stomach, jabbering as fast as lie could in Chinese—prnying, in faot praying and cursing in tho same breaMi—and ovory tinio a shot struck tho ship ho howled liko a dog. I shall never forget the sight, nor tho sound, as long as I live. I felt inclined to kick him, although I didn't. But all through tho engagement, I know when a shot had struck ua by his howls, though otherwise I was too much takon up with tho fight to havo noticed ■ tho impact of tho shots. 