Tho Late Rev. J. Garhblt. 1 A... i -—: I On Sunday evening last the Rev. G. W. Kelly devoted his pulpit deliverance to a memorial sermon on the late Rev J. Garlick. There was a large congregation, including a number of the deceased gentleman's old Echuca friends. Mr Kelly selected his text from Hebrews XI chap, 4th verse:-"By faith Able offered unto God a more excellent sacrifie than Cain, through which he had witness borne to him, that he was righteous; God bearing witness in respect of his gifts, and through it he being dead yet speaketh" After explaining the nature of faith, and the place of faith in tho Gospel, the preacher showed that each of these two earliest brothers in bringing his offering to God, brought such things as he possessed. Howover tenaciously we might cling to the vital truth that " The Lamb of God taketh away the sins of tho world," there was nothing to justify tho popular censure upon Cain for his not bringing an animal offering, when he made his sacrifice. Thore was no necessary infidelity in that omission, any more than there was any necessary foresight of the great atonement in his brother's offering of "The firstlings of his, flock " for otherwise the mode of the great Reconciliation was a thing that could be planned or guessed by man. If the very angels have no intuitive knowledge of the mysteries of salvation, how can we conclude that Abel forosaw or that Cain was ignorant of, the Groat Atonement. The acceptance of the one and the rejection of the other of those brothers, was not at all owing to the nature of the offering made by each.'. It would probably have been all the same if Abel's occupation had suggested his making the vegetable offering, and Cain's had prompted him to present the animal sacrifice. For the faith, or the absence of faith, was exhibited, not in the nature of the offering, but in the attitude of mind and in the spiritual characteristics of the offerer. When the first fracticide had done his deed of sin and shame "Tho voioe of his brother's blood cried unto God from tho ground." And now, after the lapse of 6000 years dead Abel still speaks. Not now to denounce a murderer, but to testify to the value of faiths and to the worth of character. After a further exposition of the text, and the inference of practical lessons, the rev gentleman concluded by saying that their thoughts would turn naturally to their former Incumbent, the Rev. John Garlick. He (the speaker) little thought when he came here last year, that he would so soon so called upon to bury two of his predecessors. The great consolation was that they were both true, Godfearing men and " Being dead they yet speak," it be with a presuasive voice. He knew Mr Garlick in the Kyneton district when they were both young men. And from first to last, he never knew anything of him but what was to hin credit. He was not a great or a brilliant man ; but he was a good man—" full of faith and of the Holy Ghost," as one who know him well, testified. He was a high principled devoted servant of God, assiduous and methodical, full of patient industry and untiring.zeal, He (the preacher) had not been much more than a year in Echuca; but it did not take half that time to find out that the Rev. John Garlick's was the most influential ministry that this parish had known. He was indeed, by all accounts, an unsparing devoted worker, filling his life with living activities. Mr Garlick was looked upon as the model ecclesiastical statistician of the diocose; and one of the most painstaking collectors of the facts of diocesan history and literature. His genial manner, and sanctified common sense, enabled him to fill worthily tho office of Rural Dean, and that of a member of the Council of the Diocese. His sympathies were not bounded by the limits of his own parish ; for he found time to interest himself in Home and Foreign Missions ; and in the Charity Organization Society as well as in several departments of secular work, •' He' being dead, yet speaketh." For those of them who enjoyed the privilege of his ministry, a day was coming when, before the bar of God, they would have to give an account of how they heard, received, and profited by his message. His words, so far aa they were Christ's message, would be "a savour of life unto life" to them, or "a savour of death unto death." Depend upon it, they will hear of them again, for they were written in God's book [of remembrance, and they would have to give account of what use they make of them. Was it not a fitting reflection, to ask themselves how many of those who now regret his death, took the trouble to profit by, and to help and cheer_ him in his lifo and ministry? How few, as Archdeacon M'Uullagh justly remarked at his funeral—how few recognised the faot that the presence in church of a member of tho congregation choers the minister and messenger of Gcd. Ah 1 how many a minister of Christ had been depressed and harassed by the want of sympathy and help from many of his people. They'll praise him in death, and blamo, or neglect him in lifo. But, perhaps the ministry. not fully valued in life, might bo powerfully influential when death has silmced the voice. It might now bo realised that thoro waa a doop, if hiddon source and spring of lifo and work—oven a life "hidden with Christ in God," and, if so, death might emphasise his lifo and his leaching. The deep and general griof in Echuca for their former olergyman, showed how strongly his old parishioners were attached to him. May they bo imitators of him, as he was of Christ", and then tl.oy would meet him again in tho paradise of God, for "ho is not dead." "Ho Jivoth unto God." "From this our world of flesh sot free, OGo-t, ho liveth unto Thoo." Not spilt like water on tho ground. t Not wrapped in dreamless sleop profound, Not wandering in unknown dosp-ir, Beyond Thy Voice, l'hiiio Arm, Thy care; Not left to lie like fallen trees-— Not dead, bnt living unto Thee, Thy word is true, Thy will is just ; To Tlieo wo leave tliam, Lord, in trust; And bleua Thoo for tho love which gave Thy Son to fill a human grave: That noiio might fear that world to ceo, Wboro all ore living unto Thoo. Tho hymns and music worj chosen with specinl roforeooe to tho mournful oocaBion. In tho evening the choir Hung tho anthem "Blessed^ are tho dead which die in tho Lord." _ Tho whole congregation, which was for th» most part in mourning costume, stood during tho purformanoo of the " Dead March." 