FOOTBALL. RUTHEBGLEN v. BORDER. : THTmeeting of these clubs Attracted «' very fair number of spectators to . Barkly Park on Saturday, and con- \- stderable intereat was displayed al through the game. The match can .only be termed a test mutch — uot a f gauging the strength of the teams, but more as regards tbe merits of indi viduals, and 1 will deal more particu larly with tbe game from that ataud- point. -Both teams had a quantity of new blood — -newcomers to tbe district, most of tbem, and in nearly every instance these players showed to ad vantage. -. ' Tbe game, of course, anuld not be expected to bo otie in which football, au it should be played, could be hoped for by spectators, but putting to one aide that chief consideration, namely, . that it was the first match of the 8eaeou,.it was iudicalive of at least this fact, that the 1896 teams of both Buthergien and Border will bo two. tough1 combinations. This opinion was formed from tho general play ui the two teams. At the outset the visitors' deemed to have all their own way, and only inferior kicking for ?oal prevented them from scoring, ut tbe final result — namely, Buther gien 5 goals 2 behiuds, to Border 2 goals 18 bebinds— does not indicate, that Border had the best of tho game by any means, for they had eight.be- hindB at the cIobb of the first quarter, during which, as I stated before, they did uot give their opponents a ghost of a chance,'' Tt was only then that llutherglen seems to rise to the oc casion and realise that the were play ing football, for in a very few minutes a determined rally proved highly suc cessful, and as far as - major points were concerned, they had taken the -lead- by I goal. Hulberglen's play during this quarter was far superior, and their" little marks -were wholly -responsible for their success. 1 In fact both teams played. . well . in . . this respect, and a very notice able feature of the whole match resulted from this little marking. Sometimes a very clever series of exchanges would be made by one team and a few minutes afterwards the other side would' be loudly ap plauded for a similar display j aod so on during the whole of the game. When the third goa| for liutherglen was scored the excitement wrb tremen dous, and there is no doubt tbe ap plause was well merited, for their play was beginning to tell with most marked effect. Their rushes and, scientific play was responsible for it,' and thep maintained their superiority for some time. After kicking 4 be- \- binds Border scored with second goal -before half time was called, when the scores stood— Buthergien, 3 goals 1 behind. Border, 2 goals 12 belli nds. ' What the last half was like can easily be understood when Border only ' scored another behind, while Ruther- ' glen had added two more goals and two bahinds to their score, the final resjilt being— . Buthergien, 5 goals 3 bebinds. -Border, 2 goals 13 behinds. , Mr. 0. Hackford acted as central umpire and gave evory satisfaction. There is very little room for dissent to, his. umpiring, for he is thoroughly conscientious ami gives his decisions withoufc'any hesitation. He is liable to make slight mistakes and did make a couple on Saturday, but still Ibey wore not serious errors, and he was " very fair indeed. One confusing and unsatisfactory circumstance was found amongst three \- or four of the costumes of the Border team, Two of theirl players were rigged oat in Buthergien colors.' It does seem strange that they should have selected the precise colors of. their opponents. This led to no end of confusion. Buthergien had one player, out of his proper clement so to speak, but he did uot trespass upon the dietihguiKhing characteristics of Border. It is to be hoped that before tbe competition matches begin, all oluba will be properly dressed in their respective and representative colors, With, these few remarks I will deaj with the individual players. KUrHEUGLEN. Tom Prentice is as good as ever. The back ranks ofliis team would be useless without liim. Ho is a good captain toe, and has a team who will bo guided by his commands. Thin is saying a lot for the team, but they deserve it. I hope! may not have occasion to alter my opinion. Wilson is going to boa good man this season, his high marking being particularly clever ou Saturday; Wbiteoak donned the " Red white ' and blue" for the 'first time on Satur- \- day. George .is a really splendid plavor, a gooti marker and a straight ticker. Ho kicked two goals out of v two tries and' they were both very diflioult chances. 3 Roberts, a new'-comcr to Buther gien, made a name for himself. > lie is i» aard winker and plays woll. Mitchell distinguished himself sev eral times 1 y some smart workman d Collins was not wanting when called: upon'. "" Oilis and Wilkinson should show soma good form this, season, and Buckley, Dick (2), .Dunn, and Cor nish should alto improve. . -OM r.caj) . - ; BORDER.' : " Jim- Taylor, as c.iptnin, will havo lo improve somewhat. .The. fluid will il-, as they are, told, but. Jim is scarcely cool o.uough, As a player, he is every thing that could pe desired, and lie can make thiugs hum when ho gels a start for a long run with the ball. Gain is a very good addition to the ranks of Border. Ho tnarke vi-rv neatlv and plays a very good all round game. Jackson is a regular warrior and played an exceptionally good game. Plaisted, I think played the gaino of the forty, but I also fancy be ie rather -rough.' It may be that on Saturday everyone who came in con tact with him Lad a rough time, but it gives a spectator that impression. He knows the game, however, and doesn't mind getting knocked about himself. Kuschert is in fair form and will be of great service to Border this sea- soli. Nixon, Coleman, Hammond and Nugent are up to tbe mark, though the' latter has not bad sufficient prac tice with his screw kicks yet. He missed a couple of, to him, not im possible chances on Saturday. 