"'LORD ALLINGTON'S WHITE WITCHAMErTON is a village on Lord Allington's Crichel estate, not far from Bournemouth. It its sheltered nook roses grow literally by thousands, and the air is scented with the sweetest perfume as one approaches the institu tion which is known as Lord Allington's "White Farm," and is the principal sight of the neighbourhood. It was originally started, by the late Lady Allington, who was a great lover of animals, and who wished to see whether it was possible to make a collection of domestic birds and beasts which should be all white, without a coloured hair or feather among them. The plan was continued by Lord Allington after her death, and the original scope of the collection was extended by the admis sion of many white animals and birds which cannot be properly styled domes ticated. A rustic entrance leads to a regular farm-yard, round which are placed a variety of sheds. In one corner there is a large pond, on which a regiment of white Aylesbury ducks and geese are disporting themselves. A closer ex amination will show that some of the geese possess humped bills, which are not usually found on the common bird -of this species. They are in fact a colonial variety. In another corner is a pen from which proceeds a sound which suggests pigs. The porkers are all of the pinkey-white kind. There -is not an ordinary black grunter among them. As you proceed a grand white collie comes out of his kennel to inquire who you are, while a huge white St. Bernard -a most formidable looking fellow; a white Russian wolfhound; and a white \- poodle, break out into frantic barking and dancing at the ends of different chains. Some white cows which have been brought in to be milked and are grouped in the centre of the yard, turn round lazy, inquiring eyes to see whether the intrusion demands personal flight or can be left to the dogs. A white Cochin China, and some other white cocks, are strutting among their white harems. White turkeys assume a dignity which the common bird can never rise to. Clouds of white doves flutter and wheel about overhead with Sgentle cooing. White tumblers, white fantails, and lovely white Javas, are among them. In a big wicker cage, pendent under shelter from the sun, is an enormous white owl, who blinks at you sleepily and looks rather like an elderly ghost. Jn another cage there is a white raven; and near him is a .white'jackdaw; both possessed of the powerful beak and claws of their re Sspective kind, and each as white as the busby-tailed Persian cat which watches them. White mice havea secure little house all to themselves. Puss is also much interested in some large white cockatoos, which are chained to perches. :White Asiatic goats and zebus, white deer, white mules and asses from Syria, white ponies, horses, and mokes, are all liere. One of the mules comes from * the Sultan's stud, and one of the don ..:k yis a as clever as a trick-pony. -All housekeepers should know that sugar boiled with an ncid.a i; t-.l,-, three minutes, will be converted into glucose, which is the form of sugar found in sweet apples. One pound of sugar has as much sweetening power as two and a quarter pounds of glucose. In other words, one pound of sugar stirred into the fruit after it is cooked, and while yet warm, will make the fruit as sweet as two and a quarter pounds added while the fruit is boiling. When boiling common starch sprinkle in a little fine salt which will prevent its sticking. Some people use sugar in the same way, but it is not so effective as salt. 