The Phantom Bells. The ladies of tho Chatoau Frontonac had invitod their brothor's fianco to mako thom a visit in order to oxplain to her tho strange shadow which hung ovor their liouso for nearly a hundred years, and to whoso baneful influence sho must become habituated, whon a membor of tho family. Whon thoy first saw Clotildo, sho was bo young and timid thoy made up tlioir minds to 'wait until Gaspard himsolf caino, but ono night as thoy sat around tho groat hall-fire thoro was a groat jiviglo of sloiglibells aud tho sound of swift runnors on tho crisp mnow outsido, and tlion that musical olash at tho door which announced tho stopping of tho turnout, and tho arrival of guests. Suroly thoro was nothing uncommon in this, tho coming of a party of morry pooplo to a couatry liouso, and on a magnificent moonlight night whon tho wliolo landscapo was as light as day I Yet instead of looking pleasod or surprised, tho ladios of tlio house sank back in thoir chairs, and covering tlioir facos with thoir hands, murmurod a prayer. Olotiide, tlio little ono, clapped her hands, and askod earnestly : ' Might it bo, my friends, that it is Gaspard who lias como with a surprise?' ' No, no, Clotildo, it will not bo our Gas pard. MonDiou, how then shall wo tolllior ? Child, go you not to tlio door I Thoso sloigli bolls you hear aro not of tho fiosh and blood —I moan tlio drivor is not — ' But tho littlo Clotildo had run joyously to tho groat hall door, and though no sorvant stood thoro to opon it, sho swung it wido on its passive hinges. A bittor blast of cold air rusliqjjiti with a dreary, wailing sound, and no sloigh stood outsido, but ovon as tlio start lod girl watched, a clash of musical bolls and the swift sound of tho stool-shod runnors fillod tho area ? of snow. Sho turned whiter than .a lily in tho sombro moonlight, and flung tho door to, affrightod. ' Como to the fire, littlo, ono ; you liavo soon, thon; our skoloton in tho closot ?' ' I saw not any skoloton — nothing — no- thing, but I hoard tlio bolls — oh, what does it moan ?' ' You toll hoi', Agatha,' said tho youngor sistor. ' I would groatly profor that slio should hoar it from your lips, Oooilo,' answorod tho othor. ' I am not afraid,' said tho girl, proudly. Tho colour was coming baolc to hor lips and cliooks, aud hor oyos sparkled. It could not bo worso than tlio logonds of tho Loup-Garou whloh hor undo had told lior sinco bIio was a ohild — not so vory long ago that — but now slvb was a woman and would show no fear. ' You, will know why our Gaspard has dark spoils whon not ovon his swootlioart can com fort him, why tho shadow . novor Hftod from our livos, and wo cannot bo quito liko othor pooplo. Porlmps you will not then like to marry our brothor, who is tho bost and doar ost iu tlio world, but liko us, undor tho ban.' ' It is tho moro I would lovo him if I might, wlion ho lias tho tronblo I but toll mo, ploaso, is it that somo wiokod souls oomo back booauso thoy eamiot rost P' Wo know ijot, potito, but tho story is liko this So long ago, maybo, that not our oldost rolation can romombor,. thoro was another Gaspard do Erontonao, a bravo, good man liko this ono, but hot-hoadod aud flory, And, you know, tho stoop lulls that shut us in— so high with a big ravluo — tho prooipioo on, olthor sido P 'And 'in tlio winter thoro was al ways snow, and tho pooplo wont coasting and sloigh riding with swift horses down thoso long lulls, but novor oould two moot, for tlio road was just the width for ono sloigh, and tho pooplo all know- this, and thoy waitod at tho plutou.ii oil tho top aijd oaoli took ills turn, ( ' It was iny groal, uiioIo'h ploasuro to tako Ills young wlfo and go out on thoso stoop IiIIJh, and drive hor liko tho wind with li Hwift Hying horso, and sho - lovod tho sport and wrapped In furs, |with hor ourls floating in tho wind, a (1 no picture tho country folk thought hor) and that Gaspard wan muoli admired, too, I'ov so tho story has oomo to us, und tholr pictures aro in tho salon, though somo think us not of . tho right mind to koop thom thoro, ' It oomos soon now, potito, tho tragody of thoHo two, Ono night, just suoh a nlgii't as this, thoy wont riding iu tlu» so gay Hplrlts, and going up hill for tlio soond or third timo what thoy should thoy soo but anothor sloigh coming clown I It was coming fast, and my groat unolo know it was dua'th for ono Hide or tho' other, slupo pass thoy oould not, And ho Hiioutod to tlio othor driver to halt I ' Ah, it was too sad. On, on, came tho ?tlier sleigh, fast like the wind, nnd my grea'; uncle Gaspard saw that it would into him crash, and ho quickly drew a pistol, and fired to kill the horse, before it was too late. And his own horse, ho got such a fright, ho plunged over the side, throwing him out, but taking his bride down to death. ' He lived, but liko a man in a dream, till some ono told him the truth that on that night thero was no othor sloigh but his own, and that ho saw the shadow wns of his own, in somo way I know not tlio exact, tho moon light mado that effect by what you call pro jecting the shadow, and when he knq^v that, he tako ngain tho pistol and with it end his misery and his life.' A long silence suceecded this weird talo and then Clotildo asked in a broken voico : ' It is then that the sleigh is a ghost?' ' Yes, petite, a — what you call phantom.' ' I am not afraid. I accept, and will pray to givo tho poor ghosts peace.' It was not liko tho Loup-garou, not to tho mind of Clotildo half as dreadful, but sho ? was not really afraid of thoso becauso her undo had much sonso, and ho did not boliovo ono of thoso stories, although tell them lie did, and most graphically. , . Again on tho following evening camo tho sound of bells, and this timo Clotildo wont not near the door but sat moving hor sweet lips in prayer. Thon tho door was llung vio lently open and a brusquo, cheery voico called : ' Halloo,, thoro, Victor, Alphonso, you var lots, whore aro you hiding?' Certainly this wns no ghost, aud tho throo women who clung about his neck gavo fran tic ovidenco of joy at his coming. Clotildo was not ono of tho throe. A big old man in a fox-skin coat had taken lior in his arms, and was talking to her in gontle burr, tho old undo who told hor the dreadful stories, and then ho slipped ono small hand into hor lover's and looked at him with shy, happy, eyes. ' It was so good of you to como instead of tlio ghosts,' sho said, whon later thoy sat cooing in a corner, whilo the uncle, who was a great favourito with the young Gaspard, was making himsolf agrooablo to tlio ladies. ' Then you know, dear littloono ?' said tlio youug man. ' And you aro not afraid to mako your home in tho Chateau Erontonac?' ' Not with my Gaspard,' camo tho soft answer, ' but I like it bettor if tho ghosts camo not, and your sisters, they aro sorry, too. But afraid — no ?' ' What of this so much being afraid P' askod a gruff voico, and tho old undo of Clotildo hobbled over to tho cornor wlioro snatches of tlioir conversation located tho two lovers,. Then ho was told tho story of tlio ghostly sloigh, and loolcod wise and thoughtful for tho rost of tlio ovoning. Tho shrewd Eronch Canadian was filled with marvellous Stories of ghosts ' which ho lovod to relato, but not ono of which ho believod, not even his stock fright-story, tho logondary Lonp-Yurou. The noxt morning Unolo Piorro was missing from tho chatoau, but no ono was disturbed, ho had taken his gun, aud would return when ho pleasod, which was at night fall, and simultaneously with his coming rang out tho jangling, invisible bolls. Ho found tho family shivering around tho groat fire as if thoy woro strickon with deadly cold. Evon Gaspard looked troubled and the littlo Clotildo was trying to nijHiiro liim that sho was not — ' Oh, no, not tho least afraid I' ' Fino is tho night,' ho said in salutation, ' and tho air is tho clear, so you hoar-r-r, oh so far I Hoard you not, my Clotildo, tho sloiglibells that como mo with P' ' Oh, oh,' criod tho ladios of tho oliatoau in a faint oliorus ; ' tho bolls do mako our hoarts to shako,' and thoy suid an audiblo prayor. ' What mako you afraid ? Not tho bolls of ooho, that tho wind do bring to your door for tho too swoot music ? Pali I Ghost if is, not at all, but tho x'-r-raviuo, and th6 hills, thoy do mako of tho bolls of tho sloigliing companio, tho echo which for tlio minu-t-o stop at your door ; 'tis cclio always this bo many yoars that you think it tho ghost I', Unolo Piorro was compelled 'to osonpo from tho room whon tho family had acooptod IiIb soiontiflo explanation, whioh ho further elaborated iu thoir nativo touguo, ho w'as so ovorwhohnod with thanks and praises. So tho shadow was Hftod forovor from'tho liouso of Frontonao, and tlio story which had so sad an onding and was uooountublo for tho ghost, ih no longer irelated as tho cause of suoh a dreary effect, and it is now tho ploasuro of tho ladies of tho chatoau, as itouco was tho abhorrence, to ask visitors to liston to tho ' so strango ooho,' and out of tho'matorials of a tragedy thoy havo roally ovolvod a oomody. 