CURRENI TOPICS Ministerial.-The Premier (Sir E. Braddon), who, with the Attorney General (hon. A. I. Clark), addressed a public meeting 'at Longford on federa tion on' Friday evening, returned to. Leith by the first train on Saturday, morning. Mr Clark came into the city, by the early train from Deloraine, and left for Hobart by the express. Asked as to the assembling of Parliament, Mr Clark said the exact date had not been fixed, but members would' probably be called together veiry early in July, which, would enable the public accounts to be balanced up to the end of the half-year. In' regard to the election of representa tives to the Federal Convention nothing. had yet been settled pending'the action of Queefisland: in dealing' with the En abling Bill. When the 'Queensland Parliament has disposed of this mea sure, steps will be taken in this and the various other colonies which have adop ted it to elect representatives to the convention, which is to undertake the duty of draftilig the Constitution Bill. Federation.-Ministers still continue serving up federation dishes for the de lectation of country audiences, and that to which a Longford gathering, and a largeand representative one, wastreat ed 'on Friday evening was varied from its predecessors in the. north only ihr so far as the chefs were different. The Treasurer hitherto has borne the'neat and burden of the fray in the north,. but at Longford the Premier was ac companied by the Attorney-General,ivho gladly accepted an invitation to 'ad dress the electors of a constituenicy which he in years past represented inr the House of Assembly. In addition to. the members for the district, hon., W. Dodery, M.L.C., who was ,voted to the chair, .and Mr H. R. Dumeresq, M.H,A., there, were present many of the leading residents and squatters of the surround ing country, who feel a keen interest in this important question, an interest: which has been made even keener; by the fact that it has been so confidently, asserted in. some quarters that federa tion will prove ruinous to the colony's agricultural and pastoral industries. From the brief speeches made in moving; a vote of thanks to Ministers for what all agreed were instructive and interest ing addresses, it was evident that many doubters were doubters still, though all admitted that federation must come and Tasmania must be in it. With a view oil silencing for once and for ever those whq argue that federation means a whole sale and heavy loss of Customs revenue Mr Clark is having a very complete. statistical return compiled by the Go vernment Statistician, which he hopes to be able to quote in an address he has promised at an early, date to deliver at a meeting of the Hobart Chamber of Commerce. Mr Clark holds strongly, that all the talk about loss of Customs. duty is a bogey-a ghost which can be laid by irrefutable figures, which he is now having prepared. English Mails.-The R.M.S Parra matta, with English mails on board dated April 18, reached Albany (W.A.), at 11 a.m. on Saturday. The Tasma nian portion is due to arrive here by the s. Pateena on Friday. i U.S.S. Company.-A first and final dividend in the United Steamship Com pany (in liquidation) will be payable ai Mr J. Williams's office, Cimitiere street, on and after Thursday next. Miss Maggie Moore.-Mr Harold Ash- ton, advance representative for Miss Maggie Moore, is already in Hobart, making preparations for the appear- ance of her company there on Monday, 25th inst. The Launceston season com- mences on June 6, "Sweet Innisfail" being the initial production. Miss Juno's Benefit.-An attractive programme is in course of preparation for the farewell complimentary benefit to be extended to Miss Eloise Juno at the Academy of Music on Friday even- in. Eille Norwood's sparkling comedy "Chalk and Cheese" will be presented for the first time in Launceston. This is a piece frequently presented by the Brough and Boucicault Company. A musical and dramatic interlude will follow, in which several leading Laun- ceston amateurs will take part. Miss Juno will contribute two specially in teresting items to this part of the pro- gramme in a Scottish and Irish recita- tion. The concluding item will be a laughable farce. A number of leading residents have already notified their intention of being present, and have secured tickets. The price of admis- sion to circle and stalls will be two shillings. A Handsome Font.—A very hand some and elegantly chiselled font was put in position at the Anglican Church at Beaconsfield on Friday last. It was of Oamaru stone, and octagonal in shape, a beautifully carved bowl rest- ing on nicely sculptured, columns, taste- ful eniblems adorning each side of the bowl. Mr' Silvanus Wilmot is respon- sible for the work, and certainly is de- serving of credit for the care with which he executed it. Mrs Douglas and MissMathieson have been working hard for some time to get the font made and erected, and their efforts have been re- warded with success. Mr G. E. Har- rap very kindly conveyed the font to its destination by steamer free of charge. Musical.— A meeting will be held in Trinity school-room this evening at eight o'clock, when all desirous of join- ing the newly formed Launceston Choral Society are requested to attend. Political Address.-Mr F. Archer, M.H.A., will address the electors at Lilydale this evening at 7 p.m. Band Concert.—The City Band gave an enjoyable concert in the City Park last evening under the baton of Mr J. Edwards. There was a good atten- dance. The Starving Armenians.—We are in receipt of a circular relative to the fund for the relief of the starv- ing Armenians started some time since in London. The circular, which is signed by the Duke of Argyll, as president, the Marquis of Westminster, chairman of the executive committee, and Mr Edward Atkin, trea- surer, is as follows:-"To the Editor of the "Examiner." Sir, - Feeling sure s that: Eltglish-speaking people through out the world deeply sympathise with the starving Armenians, we venture to ask your indulgence by the insertion of this' appeal for funds to enable 200,000 destitute men, women, and.children to be:'provlded With the bare necessaries of life. During the past six months the terrible slaughter of Armenians has caused alarm and destitution amongst the - survivors, who have fled for safety and succour to towns where British consular officers reside. It Is to enable us to send fur- ther sums to Sir P. Currie, ambassador at: Constantinople, for the service of these unhappy people that we beg those who are ever ready to relieve distress to;aid with their bounty the sufferers. The steps already. taken by her Majes ty's, amibassador and 'by the United States Ministers at Constanrtinople have enabled 19 depots to be opened in Ana tolia, from which'relief is.being wisely distributed. It is estimated that £100,000 is required to provide food and clothing for these persecuted people, as many of them have been unable to obtain seed corn,:and, having no harvest to reap, must perish unless aided by charity. In churches and chapels offerings could not be:devoted to a nobler end than the re lief of our homeless and famished Chris- tian brethren, the survivors of massa cre, pillage, and revolting cruelties. The response of the public has enabled the relief committee to remit £35,000 for distribution, through the hands of the missionaries, who have bravely under- taken the work in the face of many difficulties and much discouragement. Remittances, payable to the "Armenian relief fund," will be thankfully received by.the honorary treasurer, at Grosvenor House, London, W." Big Yield of Potatoes.--Montagu (says the local correspondent of the "Wellington Times") will have a "big sa-" for the premiership this year for the average yield of potatoes on the N. W. Coast. Seven-eighths of'the crops are exceptionally good, and the sample, if I am any judge, is a suitable size and splendid colour. In your issue of the 2nd inst. there appeared a letter from your'Stanley correspondent, in which he. states that Mr B. Spinks, of Mon tagu, was digging 17 tons to the acre, but this week he has beaten it in the same: paddock. Off 1 acre 24 rods he had the magnificent yield of 22 tons 1 bag, and he is quite sure that other parts of the paddock will turn out even better. The Abattoirs Muddle.—The petition which has been circulated throughout the city and extensively signed, protest- ing against the proposed alterations in the management of the Slaughter House will be presented to the Mayor by a de- putation at the Town Hall this morning at 11 o' clock. Farmers' Co-operative Association. Meetings of those interested in support ing the Northern Tasmanian Farmers' Co-operative Association Limited. will be held as under:--Hagley, Montacute Hall, to-morrow; Westbury, Wednes day; Deloraine, Thursday; Longford Friday; Cressy, Tuesday, 26th inst.; Evandale, Wednesday, 27th inst. Each meeting will commence at 7.30 p.m. Ex-SuDerintendent of Police.--A meeting of citizens will be held at the Mechanics' Institute, to- morrow even- ing at 8 p.m., to consider what steps shall be taken to mark the approval of the burgesses of the very valuable ser- vices rendered by Mr James Coulter, late Superintendent of the Launceston Municipal Police. E.C.A. Concert.—A very strong pro- gramme. is promised by the Early Clos- ing Association for Wednesday evening in the Albert Hall. This of itself will, with the previously gained popularity of the association's concert, attract a large attendance, but additional inter- est centres in the fact that the proceeds are to be handed to augment the funds of the Society for the Blind. Besides a number of items, both vocal and in- strumental, by members of the associa- tion, the, programme will be made doubly attractive with the assistance kindly given by Miss Eloise Juno and her dramatic company, the members of which will stage Sydney Grundy's charming little play "In Honour Bound," Misses Desmond and Lock wood, with Messrs Parker, Hall , and Archer essaying the characters. Miss Juno will recite "Marie Stewart," and for her second item "Bairnies Cuddle Doon." Misses Desmond will also con tribute vocal items, and altogether the programme should prove a fitting con clusion to the half-day's relaxation. Further particulars will be given to- morrow. Fete and Competition Gala.—On Mon- day next in the Albert Hall this fete and gala will be opened. The present accommodation at the Presentation Convent, Margaret- street, at one time sufficient for a few of the sisters, is now found to be inadequate for the large number that has been rendered necessary by the increased work. Full particulars will be published shortly. Dempsters.-This firm announce that they have opened up new materials for evening wear, full particulars of which will be found in an advertisement in this issue. At the Corner shop there is a very complete stock of overcoatings and other goods suitable for gentlemen's winter wear. Getting Rats.-A most extraordinary rat adventure took place at Sullivan's All Nations Hotel on Wednesday night, says the "Zeehan-Dundas Herald." Two well-known residents were enjoying a social glass, when, to their astonish ment, an addition was added to their Boag's by a shower of half-grown rats falling into the long glasses they were lovingly gazing at. On investigation it was found that the uninvited guests had arrived from the top of the wall where the slide admitting to the bar is situated, the scrim and paper having given way and caused the catastrophe. The genial host courteously offered to replenish the glasses that were sub jected to the raid, but his clients, sor rowfully shaking their heads, declined, remarking, "When you see four rats once in one long beer it is a fair thing to give up indulging in anything stronger than tea." Globe Hotel.-Mrs L. Phillips, late of Hobart, intimates to the public that she has taken the, Globe Hotel, at the angle of George and Cimitiere streets, where she is prepared to accommodate visitors with home comforts at a moderate tariff. Photography. - Messrs F. Styant Browne and Co., 112 Brisbane-street, notify they have just received direct from the manufacturers a supply of "studio" and "ordinary" Barnet plates and platino-bromide paper, pocket kodak cameras, and a large assortment of lantern slides. "Florette."-Attention is directed to the announcement in to-day's issue of the revival of this charming operetta, which was. so successfully performed here some six months back. Many hav ing been unable to witness the perform ance at that time Mr. Smith has been re quested to repeat the operetta, which necessarily entails a good amount of trouble, the caste having to be altered somewhat. Miss Jeannie Bateman will appear in the title role as before, Miss Scott taking thepart of the witch, and Miss Stewart having kindly consented to play the part of Queen. With such a caste as this, and the fact that the proceeds are to be devoted to a' charit able purpose, the management may look for a full house. Police Court.-Messrs E. Whitfeld, P.M., and J. W. Campbell, J.P., were in attendance at this court on Saturday. John Fitzgerald was charged with hav ing, on May 1, travelled in a first-class compartment on the Government rail ways with a second class ticket. As there were extenuating circumstances a fine of 5s only, with 2s 6d costs, was imposed. Mr A. J. Hall, dentist, may be con sulted at No. 111 St. John-street daily from 9 till 6, and in the evenings from seven till eight. The Launceston Chess Club meet this evening at 7.30 at the Mechanics' In- stitute. Dr. Hallowes notifies that he has re- sumed practice. 