PASTORAL LETTER' tif THE ARCHBISHOPS AND BISHOPS OF AUSTRALIA. S T n f w*Th<MfflSSw i l w i a u i i a r a S to c S ^ letter S & S ^ T laTof S S ^ " tto^^gy ana S « ^ f v t l i OirthedftU, V tM L?t dav^f DlecemW, 1«95and frw« t ,! following^ giatare/?- — the t PATOIOT- ^ S v • f ® ^ ® •' r. A f chl> , lsho P l .of Sydhey, ^ ^Sfokc Delegate. ATrfhir CARE, Archbishop of •;• aoR™ ne^rTXTXTr, . H.TH, DUNNE, Archbishop of ••• rU lfr^1^,^ ,Jr win ^T MUapHY > Archbishop of •'• TnHv Amr,- ,i O RE}ILY, Archbishop of * -nrm^iT&^tv?,' Tit I > SA.LVADO, O.S.B if w w 1 *' 0 ' Adrana, and Abbot ••• iivnTii ' him? Bishop of Mait- \-- Tprr r r • ' ' AL u T-ANIGAN, Bishop of ••• PTTOI^1 ^•^ARI>OB 'TORREGGIANI O.S Bishop of Armidale. • •' •' t JOHN CANfy Bishop ton. f JAMBS MOORE, X STEPHEN REVXL . i.utftr Bishop of t JOSEPH' P. B Bathurst. f MATTHEW•'"<}£&] Perth. t JOHN DUXNE, Bish^> T JEREMIAH J. DOTTLE Bishoo of 1 A Grafton. ' T HUTCHINSON, OiS.A. Tit Bishop of JjBaximi, and Vic Amos' . or Cooktowne V JOSEPH HIGGINS. Auxiliary Bi- *W.t<> the Cardinal Arcbbishon of 1 . .Sydney. . T PATRICK JDELANEY, Tit Bfishon of Larandensis, and Coadiutior of J A _Hobart. i JOHN GALLAGHER, Tit. Bishop of Adrassa and Coadjutor of Gonlbum. JAMES MAHER, Diocesan Adminis- . „ tratov of Port Augusta. ANTHONY STRELE. S.J.. Ad minis-' trator of Port Victoria and Palmerston. We propose to make weekly seleet ons from the Pastoral, and select in the first instance sections of grave 3mportance. ^ . CATHOLIC HOME. Beloved Brethren of the Laity,-Thfe foregoing exhortations which we have addmssed to your pastors are prompted chiefly by the desire to promote vour spiritual audi temporal welfaa-e; to se e , i J ou grow in aU knowledge and understanding, so that when we shall ? 1> «f a L b - <>re OUE Irvine Master, who; and SmiMster ^ S unto x ^you that you should sfettt u^-toi have! it move abundantly, we may be abie to present you "a chosea genemtioik, a royal piuesthood, - a holy nation, a, purchased people" (L Peter ii. 9) • ;,' si glorfous Church, not having spot or^ wrinkle, nor any such thing; Mut ... holy and without blemish " (Eph. y^, 27). Remember your calling : lou are fellow-citizens of the saints ; you' are tbe domestics of God. No one , ca !L m i! ke , uuto a permanent •habitation here below. Every man is a sojourner, and at most 'only for a few years. But on enteWug the Church of the Living God, here on eartlr, yon' ore already enrolled amongst His children; if, you are not within the .saucfcuary where He l-everalfe Himself, you. are in the. vestibule of His everlasting temple. His eye^is Mpon yoii j token you, updar. thft sliadow ofjgtis;^— — - • • greater ha«He wlronghtdM ycxar bfehalf; The words of waning and ^horta: tiou addressed to them ctotoe tojme fat finorefoixaWy toyou .- ^iHeai-, Q darnel; ithe ouriGodfisf^ne^sLcffd.,, i^heS fshnlt; love the Lord thy God. wMii t&f; * -=th thy whole soj" le steepgth ; . I 'command the, fee: kni thoti- tehklt ttlt' thfeni ieiMdi-eal &iid; thou •' Shalt medatate anon itheai fJittlng itt< thj* bwiffe,/ • iuad -wMbiing .'o^i ; ithy i v^ourneji;' j Ble^fingi >aail>; yisSMr ? {Dgptefc 4-7), ^^feftta^Jiiot; t^to^ to ^Ddiby halves., He loveg .ub> as Hfc fept^ i^eat^d jajid .redfeexaed ns,, cjjasis* tetyfa im,m m J^vsons; and w; _ and .riarig. The.<5ow „ . adorable presence, the lifeat of His - Divine Word, and the light-giving , action of His grace, impart w> the Church ;i Heavenly comeliness; yet ali fier beauty is from within, she is truly beautiful iu the eyes pf God and augel 8 ' because she is uiade uy of i e s individuals that are idled with the glory of the Living God. Tne Catholic soui and the Catholic home ^ the .first temples to be built up. schools are il ^L^fT ; the j 1 ' ««* and aim Is the ^ome > tbe Catholic character, Within these precincts the Divine Presence is less lfiiraculous, comes less " with observation" than in the economy of the Church ; but if our Divine Lord chose to manifest Himself mankind at the Temple of Jerusalem ather ttiAn V the cottage at Nazareth, at was at Nazareth that He surrendered Himself to human, guidance, to human wrtrtrol, and lingered for years under that sweet yoke, as if unwilling to fore- So the joy of sanctifying one chosen home. Joseph, the patient, unrnurmuring, toiling housefather, was schooled and fortified in those silent years to bear the grandeur of his unique elevation as Patron of the Church ; and Mary added grace to grace, living 111 1 bitensest life of holiness in those years of merit when God was incarnate amongst men as if almost for her sate, Here Hera we wa have set up nn for remembrance the pattern of the Catholic home. The child, We he talented, learned, and superior In whatsoever degree, is still under the law •Of parental subjection. He is hot rt-iser, holier, more powerful than JeSusi ha. impress him with this fundamental ;tli, God has not only declared lis mmandment, that we must obey Sther and mother ; He 'has ' gone fuither still. In the mystery of the Incarnation He has coutrived to intenveave the relation of home -with the plan of the world's redemption, touching them "*vith its divine virtue, and exalting them to a heavenly dignity. The relations o£ pare&t; to child and child to parent, of husband to wife and wife to husband, had been sdcred from the beginning; henceforth they partake °f the divine. And hence it is itupossible that what God hath ^o blessed and P ut together, man may rashly part asunder. The vows of Christian r marriage • are sacramental. The Holy T -'" Ghost sets a divine seal upon the pledge of mutual lifelong fidelity which unites husband and wife in holy matrimony. Hitherto He gave them graces in accordance with their individual needs and dispositions; henceforth He provides them over and above the former measure with special adds and sanctities. And, if they are obedient *o Him and faithful to each other as ^ . accumui a te, bringing with them young souls to be educated for the society of saints and angels and the, divine adoption of sonship, He will multiply His blessings beyond their cares, filling- their souls! with such abundance of spiritual life, that being at length ripe for heaven, they will find it easy to detach tihemselves fmm earth. to His word. They wlio enter holy matrimony in a state 6f sanctity and persevere in His love will infallibly be supported by His right baud iu all their trials ; trials and labours they will accept. They will rejoice to be like tlie .patriarchs of old ; but their end will be, like theirs, in peace, and their name will be held in honour. Why is it that so many homes are not happy 1 That wives are brokenhearted, husbands desperate,, children disobedient, contemptuous V Chiefly because .the Catholic ideal is lost sight of ia the home life ; because the graces by which God would purify every family relation are wantonly rejected. How can the drunkard, how can the libertine have a happy home-or respectful children ? How can the Grace of God be upon a. family who neglect the first condition to obtain it-^ioly prayer? Our Divine Saviour has promised us that if we ask in His name iwe shall receive; but He has not promised t© lavish -grace upon us unless Ave ask. Prayer is the condition upon which Our Heavenly Esther has vouchsaXed to offer us eternal life, He desires to keep us always in miud of Him during our sojourn in this life. It is for our good that we must pray. And what is. of precept for: the individual is no less so .for tile family. Every Catholic hotne ought to be a place of prayer. The father, being, in ^ sense, "appointed," for tbe household, " in the hings that appertain to God," ougnt fter tbe pattern of 'boly Job, lift,his hands to heaven, and with the morning ight offer the holocaust of a pure heart o God to behalf of tbe entire family. he' mother is bound to teach heir hildren as soon, as they are capable of t how to make the morning offering nd to go through their morning, rayers-with devKMlt attention,. reaUsinjg o themselves that they are an 0odjte doraWfe ^rteetice. As they grow u] t trill 'toe'the parents' 'duty to instruct hem "bow to make a short ,reflection, r meditation on some one of the great mtbsOT-jayjtei'ics Aofejaith ; Wd iWft flhc^ Itf^N^aSfc wwnitfg y every member of a" true Cwjholjc onfly. It isi not Jtar want, or nine hat so many person's omit it; very ; few minute out of their waking hours need be spent upon it; antl surely t&od; has a l'igut to some small part of the day, speiug that every breath we draw and everything we have we owe Him throughout tue wliole twenty-four liours. But the evening prayer iu' common ought to he strictly adhered to all the year. Certainly in Lent and Advene no true Catholic family win omit the evening prayers in common, if the father i® not away it will be his duty to preside tub this family devotion In his absence the mother or the eldest son should do so. And for the evening prayer we would recommend especially the Holy Rosary. Five decaues will not take long ; and what a beautiful ottering of lieart and soul to Almighty God is implied in this wonderful blenuiug of petition and meditation. The Rosary has come down through long centuries of Catholic experience ; it is recommended by the practice of devout millions, and by the prodigies wrought through its use. It is enriched with countless indulgences, and proposed to the faithful as the ordinary means of multiplying the hands and swelling the voices lifted up to God all over the world in supplication and thanksgiving. When the Catholic household unite in this devotion before retiring to rest, they are uniting with thousands of other Catholic families who at that same hour are offering the self-same petitions. We .have dwelt on the necessity of family prayer, because if this duty towards God is faithfully discharged, no other will be slighted. If on the other hand the head of the household is remiss> in prayer, if the children and domestics are suffered to pay little attention to it, then the family has dropped from its true Catholic level, and other duties religious and moral run a corresponding risk of being taken lightly. MIXED MARRIAGES. The Apostle gives us the following picture of a true Catholic Lome : " Let women be subject to their husbands, as to the Lord ; for the husband is the head of the wife, as Christ is .the head of the Church. . . • Husbands, love your wives, as Christ also loved the Church, and delivered himself up for it. . . . Children, obey your parents in the Lord. . . . And you. fathers, provoke not your children to anger; but bring them up in the discipline and correction of the Lord. Servants, obey your masters in the fiesh, with fear and trembling, in the simplicity of your heart, as Christ, with a goodwill doing service, as to the 'Lord and not to men." (Ephes. v. vi.) Here every office is perfect, because it is inspired from on high; the husband loves the wife after the pattern of pure, disinterested, self- sacrificing love which Christ has manifested for the Church. The father sees in liis children a charge given him to be brought up in the discipline and correction of Christ; he feels that he must exhibit the firmness of the Christian confessor, yet .the gentleness which becomes a disciple of his meek and humble Master ; that lie may not yield to the weak promptings of flesh and blood, indulging the foolish caprices of his children, nor yet may lie spoil, their unfolding characters by provoking them to anger through want of restraint over his temper. The wife's love for her husband is sauctitied -when she is bidden look up to him as one who is given her as the representative of Christ himself. The feelings of the heart are intensified and endowed with a perennial freshness because they are nourished from a Divine well-spring. The children look up to the father, for he is the Lord's vicegerent, claiming at once their affection and reverence. The servants and domestics will be honest and sincere, because they superna tural lise the service they pay to their eartliljj master by looking upon him as on; who stands in tiie place of their Divii Lord. Nor let uts be surprised at tbi ur tieavenly Master has told us tli£ ll our charities to -the poor and tl*. fflicted, if done in His name, may b£ aken, and are taken, by Hims, s done to Himself. He is the ery life of the Catholic Church, of the atholic home, of the Catholic heart; heart that gives but a divided servic^ o Him is not His; a home that worhips Him by halves or in conjtmdicory ways is hot modelled on his «6wn eaceful, prayerful home at Nazareth:; dearly beloved children in Christ, hold our peace and suffer you, to run the risk of losing your souls and causiur the eternal ruin of your children, b; setting up a home where Christ is no the same to every member. We do naSt expect that those who are bereft of our faith should understand the force vyf our remonstrance. ; We do not address tiiem. But you, dewSy beloved;, whb are gifted with this vision and instinct from above, who; would rather suffer the loss of all worldly goods thaii.expose your faith to d^uger, you, surely, will appreciate the,:gravity of this iipieal we iaalife Wybu, to stand fix's? W lie Church's dl^ciplwc. aiud mainttih n your homes ,aii!apngst your children and in your .i^pVereatioii, with jtlte 5 flo' Oie spirit«jr«fe Qh^l^'s^dlsplpltne in egard toHiireil^KMji'iagfeff.'' We do from time to time grant dis- pensations for such marriages. But do >iot be deceived; it is always with misgivings and sore reluctance. For aithough happily instances are not few ol children who have grown up good devoted Catholics iu such hollies, yet it is but too sure that iu many cases Uhu results spiritual and, even temporal are simply disastrous. We speak now of mixed marriages contracted even under the permission of the Church eases, moreover, in which the Protestant husband puts no positive hindrance the way of his wife's and his children s religious observance. The worldly minded will decide in favour of such a "liberal- minded" husband, and cast the blame upon the Catholic wile ; perhaps upon the Church itself. Jiut, brethren, does not tlie Apostle call upon the father to "bring up the children m the discipline and correction of the Lord ?" This age of wealth and pleasure worship would gladly leave religion to women, as beneath the attention ot men. To teach the children their prayers and catechism and to take them to Mass, and prepare them for their first Communion, all this for a while may be permitted to women. By and bye, if the men are emancipated, the women will follow their example and then the reign of Christ will be at an end. This frantic hatred of Christianity is not a new spirit come into the world iu these latter times. The enemy of man's salvation has had allies of this description, active and unscrupulous, ever' since the beginning. We are not alarmed or disheartened by wliat they say or do against our holy faith. We are m-oiig iu the consciousness of its hold upon your hearts; and therefore it is that we recall your minds to the position which the Apostle assigns the father in the office of training'the child to Christian vhtue and Christian knowledge. " Fathers, brins our children up in .ue discipline and co;v(-.ctiou of the lx>vd." And ii.;*- an the father, who is not himself a Catholic, how can he, even if he wished to do so, bring up his child iu the discipline and correction of the Lord, as it is understood and taught bv the Catholic Church V How could truths, so imperious, command the obedience of the child, who perceived that the. teacher he revered above all others did not himself respect them. But Ave need not dwell upon- this extreme consideration. The Protestant father at the best simply lets tilings alone. And then what a contrast in the home to what the Apostle would have, to what the Church would have, to what common sense would have, in a Catholic household ? In all that makes for the edification and discipline of the home, he who is divinely appointed to be the head, the inspirer, the master is absent from his post This is, indeed, bad enough ; but it is unfortunately far from the common type of mixed homes. The Trotestant parent for the most part does not conceal his contempt l'or his '"wife's religion; frequently he does his worst to make the children despise it as well. He collects all the stale calumnies of Protestant- tradition ; lie dare not attack tlie Church as it comes under his wife's and his children's observation. But the Catholic Church is so ancient, she covers so many lands, and calumny is so hard to refute when, it takes refuge in remote quarters ; hence the poor wife can do little else at best than possess her soul in patience while she lw?ars her religion traves- and ridiculed. This is the assistance she receives to educate her children iii the love and fear of God ; this is the• fashion after which their father helps " to bring them up in the discipline and correction of the Lord I" The happy wives of Protestant husbands ! • How many would be even if they had no further be^r. with. They would scorn and ridicule, and r and instruction to form minds and hearts to the. •love of our Divine Lord Mother, and of His piljar and ground of .Will not be suffered Igence. The father, f d hatred of tlie Church, !tfl,lbilg the children with Mm to K!g ayrh. Church, or if he be frustrated in this will have them attend rift Churdj at all. and forbid them go to the = Catholic school. The wife will perhaps for a time struggle for independence, appealing to his sense of honour, and to tlie pledge'he had given at the time of their marriage. That day is past. The Illusions and complaisances of that time are dead and buried. He perhaps regrets his former weakness in having yielded to the dictates of an alien Church. He knows he may now flout that Church with impunity, and he is determined its ordinances shall not cross his authority in.liis own house. And very often tlie ; popy wife yields, sooner or later, to his superior will, content she may worship God By stealth ; coming alone before 'the, 'altftr; more lonely and more disconsolate than If she wejxjtfto&L;^MI^- Mauy a time suSr^^^raJwye'S'id that their jnly consolation'waWbound up not with 'cBfrdreSy Mtat WUi t:^e 'whO',3iai3 gorite before them in the 1 reshti^s iif baptismal innocence. ' It may be objected tlfat we overharge tlr ,ure we have drawn of' the evils attending mixed marriages; that we ignore the large number of cases iu which the children grow up practical Catholics. Would ~ to God the evils -\ve warn you against were not actual, and did not come undoY our observation ! It is from painful experience we speak on this subject. We feei that iut what we hare said, we have been studiously reserved, lest we should give offence to those parents who have been faithful 1x> their marriage promise, and have been blessed with good and pious children. But so common amongst families of mixed religion are tiie dissensions, the religious indifference. and even the apostacies. against which we warn you, that we should be guilty of treason to our Divine Lord who died for our salvation; of treason to yourselves whom we are charged at tiie peril of our souls to feed with sound doctrine and protect from danger ; of treason to your little ones who are so dear to the heart of our Divine Master, if out of regard to the wisdom of this world we. forebore to denounce a custom which we know to be fraught with sucli grave perils. We put before you the teachings of the Catholic Church at all times and in all lands upon this subject We warn, we entreat, we exhort you for the sake of your happiness of mind and your everlasting salvation, and for the lore you bear your offspring, to hearken to our voice. 