?; MISTLETOE W BOUGH BRlie Author of 'Married in ft tiw««1i' I T,he Mystery of Urey friar's * Grange,' f etc, etc. CHAPTER V .— Oontiuuea. beautiful as voice and music wore, Valentino was thankful whon the «oug -was over. Ho could not Lbut bo conscious that the thrilling Ivoice tried to convoy a hidden weaning to his heart alone. ^B ' Now we will havo snapdragon ^^Ad ghost stories together,' Lenord ^H^- laughing as she swept from ^^K p^ano. ' Turn out the lights, ^^?d prepare to be thrilled, ovory ^^?dv, Marion, you Itnow wost of ^^R Earlesmeve legends, tell them to ^^P- and boo what cowards you can ^Hialce us all. You are brave, too, ^?t ou don't boliovo in ghosts, do you?' ^f ;| lam afraid I am not so brave ? as you think,' Marion answered. f ' besides, I urn noi'th country born I and bred, remember, and the loayon Df supertition is strong in us all.' ' You uro braver than I am, at , any rate,' her ladyship returned graciously, ' Why, I auiso nervous I don't think I daro even go into the church when it is empty, and you spend hours there practising upon the organ.' ' I havo Tim, the soxton1 son, who blows the organ, to keep me company,' Marion answered laugh ing. ' But as it happens,, you have mentioned tho one thing of which I am most afraid, for the ghost of tho White Lady of Marlesmere is said to walk iu tho church, and I do not think I could bravo those empty asiles after dark, If I were shut in there alone through tho night, I. am sure tho morning would find mo either dead of fear, or raving, holplsssly mad.' A general shuddering exclamation broke from her listeners; only Denore heard -with lips that smiled ? Btill. In obodionco to her order ihe lamps had beon extinguished, ind though tho great fires roared high and cast a ilickeviug glare throughout tho room thevo vfero shadowy cornors everywhere, and Hie chill of superstitious fear was -n all around. ' How delightful tho legend ? founds,' Lonoro laughed. 'Now /ou havo raised our curiosity, Marion, tell us tho story of the White Lady of Earlesmere.' 'I can hardly do that, the story is so old that it is almost forgotten. She was the wife of ono of the old barons, I think, very good and beautiful, but hor husband tired of ;her, and for some reason determined Jo get rid of her by burning her iilivo. Ho gave her some drug that wade her seem dead, and had hor placed in tho vault under the Dhurch. Then that samo night—it was that. o[ Ohvistmaa Eve— ho held high revel in tho hall here, to introduce to his friends the woman he hoped to make his second wife. ' Isuppose funerals were carried, out diifierently in those days, or, at least, coffins could not have been made so strongly, In tho middle of the night tho poor lady woko from her trance and by some means contrived to break from coffin and vault alike, to coine through the snow, olad in her grave-clothes, to confront her cruiltv husband. ' Here on tho threshold she fell, and really died of tho shook and exposure 5 but not before sho had laid a curso on tho lioiiso— a curso that is said still to come true. Fo(r folks about hero boliovo that if in tho pnBt year any ono of us Merivales lias committed a . sin, oil Christmas Eve tho ghost of the White Lady vises from tho vaults beneath tho church and comes over the snow to Earlesmore, leading by the hand tho wraith of tho person the Merivale lias wronged, It is a ghastly legend, one I should like to have f orgotton ; but my dear f ither, I fancy, believed it in his heart of hearts, and would never let its memory wholly die,' \- There was a silence as her voice died away ; for her listeners crowded together, thrilled with tho grim horror of the legend, feeling as if tho White Lady, though an unseen presence, stood already in their midst. Then Lenoro's shrill, sweet laughter rang out again. ' It is an absurd old story,' she exclaimed. 'Bah! what fools We all are, oven in this niriteonth con tury, to bo frightened by tho thought of a dead woman, l' havo no fear—let her como to-night if ehe will, and bring that othoivspir.it with hor— I shall havo no fear. ( Standing in the midst of tho fire lighted room, with tho rod glow all about her, she filing baok hor head, with fierce, wild eyea fixed upon vacancy, as if defying spirit forms that slid alonp could see. Arid us her words . died away, a shriek of hysterical terror ros'e; on all sides, ending in still more hys terical mirth for from the shaddo'ws a weird blue framehad sprang east ing a ghastly gldro over her despd rato faeo. A moment more (Uid thoysaw its cause was anything but Superna tural; it was only the Servant who entorod, solemnly, carrying a; huge boWl of snapdragon ; b*ut the story they had just heard had un strung tho nerves of all there, and few entered with any zest info the romping old-world game, Excepting only LenoTG herself, who stood erect, ah unfathomable smilo upon hor white lips as sho thrust hor white, je^elle'd arms fearlessly into tho weirct, leaping flame. Valentino Verdon, as lie saw her then,- Rhudderecl,- and 1 thought of on evil spirit by the magic cauldron iriwhidh tho charms were browed that weroto wreck |inen's Iive3. 