CLIPPINGS FROM TIlE WEEKLIES. " W\\\'oonera" in the Auirafillt(in.) Scene-A mlddy landing on the bank of the Yarra, rain pouring in torrents, backeground, middle distance. and fore groulnd occupiedi by the cirliriall Of t]l .Metropolitan Board of Works. Dramatia Persont-A I)islinguished Person, A Fellow Sulferer. A D)istinguislhed Per. son to A Fellow SulTerer, 1 cannot express the great interest I feel in this noble example of engineering skill, or the Ipleasure I have. in visiting it and enjoying the eloquence of the chairman, but my feet are dreadfully wet." Fellow Sufferer-" So are mine, your Ex ahem-31r DIistinguished Pleson." A gentleman travelling by stenmer was cheered even in the midst of sea sickness by listening to the convernation etwee n a young lady and a new arrival, who was describing to her the manage ment of a cattle station in Qoueensland. " First," he said, "having stocked youahl countwy with cattle you go out with youah boundnwy widol. You see a eawlf. You secual the cairlf, make a fish, and bwand it. '['Then perhaps you don't go out again for a considewable period-say a yeah, when you again go out with yonah boundawy widahl aid bwand sevewal thousands. It's so jolly don't you know." Antd much motr to the same effect. Sheridan's Mrs Malaprop has recently bocn seen on the Melbourne stage. But the dear lady herself did not live only in Sheridan. She is with us everywhere. A correspondent asks," Have you ever heard of an old lady in New South Wales who took a trip to Sydney on a return ticket Il t hert ticket 'per spired,' she said, and she hid to come back by the ' exertion' train, which was so crowded that she was very uncomfort able. I know that old woman. She is genuine." I do not know that onel though I should be delighted to make her acquaintance. I do know one dear old lady though who, after travelling, said that the sight which pleased her most in allher iourneyiugs wes when siht first "extinguished" her native hills an her returu. Mr Kitten, M.L.A., whlo with Mr Cook aind Mr Carty Salmon, M.L.A.'s, recently went to Qiueensland as mis sionarios in the federation cause, is unfortunately somewhat dyspeptic, and out of this misfortuno arosa ani amusing incident. Eerywhlero Mr Kirton in. sis'ed that the rtread served should Ie stale. So continuous was the demantd that his fellow delegates took it up, and when they asked for butter or eggs or peas would add, "Stale, if you please, for Mr Kirton" This had to be endured for it could not be cured, Lint when one day a waiter said to Mr Kirton, "Fish to-day, sir; will you have it stale' tLe pride of Bal!arat was justly indignant, and he asked what the waiter meant by such impertinence. The waiter was equal to the occasion. "Yonu mistake me, sir," he said. '" I asked you if yoa would have its tail." Mr Kirton could say no more, but he looked unutterable things, for to be both chaffed and outwitted is hard to bear. Mr Henniker Heaton is, I presume, a member of the Royal Geographical Society - probably of several such societies, nay, more, he once published "An Australian Dictionary of Dates," a- work dealing with events, men, and places. In the "English Illustrated Magazine" there is an article from his pen on an Australian statesman-Sir Charles Gavan Duffy-and of six or seven Gippsland tqwns mentioned only one is given correctly. Indeed, speak ing from memory, I am not very sure that he had two rs in Cowwarr- but we'll give him the benefit of the doubt in that case. Bragalongis an excusable mistake, too, where tilhe article deals with the achievements of an 3I.L.A. (" Atticus" in- the Leader.) The softer sex (meaning the female) is beginning to murmur against the bicycle, that is the number of women who do not propel wheel of their own. The grievance has not yet found its way into print in the shape of sou!ful com municatio::s to the editors from '" Spinster," " Maude," "Brunette" and others, but it exists; it begins to reach out and expand and the storm must break eventually. The trouble is in the fact that the cycle is leading the yonng man from his allegiance. The fond youth, .ho was wont to walk his Mary Ann along the sands at South Mel bourne, St. Kilda or Brighton has now taken to himself a bicycle, and, accoutred in knickers and a rag- hat, and pro visioned with a wad of chewing gum, he performs his "demnition grind" up and down under the eye of the lone damsel, who feels that she has been cut out by a pneumatic tire, and expresses her senti ments with look that would sour a whole creamery. The observant pedestrian (not yet as scarce as the dodo) sees all this, and knows that when the revolt ing women begins business the new machinery riots will quite wipe out the memory of the old. (Syley Bulletin.) W. T. Stead, in " Review of Peviews :-Mr Fitchett, -the editor of Australian "Review of Reviews," has begun the publication of a series of stirring stories of British battles by land and sea in the Melbourne " Argus," entitled " Deeds that won the Empire." They have caught on amazingly, and it iseridentthat young Australiais wakingg up to tirhe fact that it has been defrauded of its inheritance by the refusal of the nnthorities to teach history in the public schcoro. Stead adds that it is a "sin against the Holy Ghost." If history means the rrcital of revolting stories of of -human abbatoir exploits, splashing about in pooIs of blood, and rolling on carpets of hacked flesh and pounded bone, it would be well if it were never tanght anyswhere. The recently-deceased British Aca demy President Millais is chiefly known to Australians through two facts--he painted Pears' so:tp-bubbles picture, and he charge.l Simon Fraser, 3I.L.c. of 1 Victoria, 2000 guineas for painting his portrait. And Fraser richly deserved it. Although the latest London "Econo mist" has two or three iages of advts. from reconstrructing breweries, it cautions investors that legislation is at hand, affecting the tied pulp., on which the profits rest. A whilolm 3Ielb. brewer was reputed to have 100 under his thumb. "' And why have you had so many managers ?' said the newly- appointed on l,is arrival at the Coolgardie mine. " Well," replied the IcIl director, " we have to change s Ymething. Yot see, we can't change the. mine."' The new manager was thankful, it prepared him for the shock of eeing the mine. A great, enare, rw 'Geordie, who was having a lot of stone crush d in a Gippoland l attery, looked in to colleet, and was told that his gold had Leon seized under a garnishee order." "Garnishee! garnishee !" said Geordie. "Aw dnnno the blinky blank; wha's I he ' A dapper clerk was pointed out, and Georrie fell upon him, tooth-and nail. After beating his marn, Geordie seized the amalgar and made oft, mutteriog: "'Garnishee, ch l I'll teech thee thoo [expression of endearment] to try an' steal my gold" The gentleman with thie garnishee had paid for tihe crushing before eizing. The law is how hunting Geordie orer a great maze of hills and creeks. i A Slelbourne merchant advertising for a traveller last week got an applica. tin fr-om one genius who stated that be I had gained "12 months experience on thle o?al in W tern Australia,and Iud anothler Iwho described himself as "a I good oalesman; besides having won Iprizes foreloeuion." For ordinary bag- I man purposes an amateur elocotronist won!d te reckoned about as desianble as an epic poet, or an Isaac 2tewton. I 