THE MALL STEAMERS. The P. & O. line R.M.S. Parramatta arrived at Albany from Colombo at 11 o'clock on Saturday morning and sailed again for Ade-<*> laide at 5 o'clock the same afternoon. The R.M.S. Victoria, of tbe same line, left Mel bourne on Saturday and will reach L&rgs; Bay to-day. She will sail for London at noon on Wednesday. The R.M.S. Orient win leave Sydney to-<3ay on her homeward passage. Messrs. Harrold Brothers, the agents of the Messageries Maritimes Company, inform us that the steamer Folynesien left Colombo on Monday, May 11, at midnight and will probably arrive at Albany on the 2l£t inst. at Gp.m. " On Thursday evening several gentlemen, strangers to each other, entered one of die compartments of the Adelaide express at North Geelong, and after the train had started," states the BaUarat Courier, "one of them drew attention to the fact that it was a 'non smoker,* and observed that a clergyman, who tat quietly in one of the corners, might object to the use of tobacco. 'Bat, 9 added the speaker, 'he probably would not object to them having a drink. 9 He thereupon produced a flask and asked his companions to sample the quality of the whisky. Two or three of them did so, one or two declined, and tile clergyman held out his hand as if desirous of a friendly sip. Bnt to the astonishment of die rest he Song theflaskthrough the open window, and resumed his seat vith a smite and a most pravokingly contented look. When the train reached the Moorabool viaduct the late owner of the flask suddenly seized the gold □mmed spectacles which rested across the nose of the reverend gentleman and threw them to die bottom of the gully, observing, ' The whisky cost me nothing, but it will cost you something to replace your spectacles.' A silence fell upon the whole compartment and everyone retired witbin bis own thoughts. Somewhere in the neighborhood of Lethbridge, so die story goes, die train slowed down some what and the occupants of the carriage engaged in conversation, the excitement of die incident at a. few minutes before having sub sided. But one of them happening to turn round, to his unutterable surprise, not to say horror, found that the clergyman had disap peared. Who he was, or how he left die train, they don't pretend to know, though one of them sagely believes that ho went to look after his spectacles." Mr. H. J. Pndney, of Port Adelaide, met with an accident at Houghton on Saturday, May 10, bnt he has so far recovered from die effects that he is now able to resume business, although he is still under die caro of Dr. Blackney- Mrs. George Brookman has subscribed the sum of 100 guineas to die funds for die erec tion of isolation wards at the Adelaide Children's Hospital. This donation carries with it the privileges of a life governorship. The large circle of parishioners and friends of the Rev. W. & Hopcroft, rector of St John's, will be pleased to learn that the reverend gentleman is rapidly recovering from the indisposition which has confined him tohis house for some days. He was unable to preach his V.M.C.A. sermon yesterday, bnt under Or. A. A. Hamilton's care he looks forward to resuming his duties in the course of the next few days. "One night last week," writes the Mount Birkcr Courier of Friday, "while wending his way from Woodside to his country seat, a local poet, who has had the honor of having a jubilee ode acknowledged by die Queen, was astounded to behold a vision in white aproach ing him from the Weslejan Cemetery. As it drew uncomfortably near he made frantic dashes at the figure with his stick, all of which seemed to pass, as it were, into nothingness. Next came the ' sepulchral tone' business, but just then die ghost collapsed, having inadver tently hovered too near a deep gutter, and a sheet rolled off, disclosing something decidedly human. The poet sprang forward like a tiger and got two or three good blows in, while the ghost, snatching up his raiment, incontinently fled. The most distressing part of the occur rence is that it will form a new theme on which to 'build' another poem." 