RETRENCHED! Murderous Assault in Gaol. »E«»£KATE STRUGGLE OX TOE ti ALLOWS. Tfio Executioner Disiibiecl. A..M0SG5T the Civil Servants sent adrift by HeiJ's Trinity, the New .South Wales l'ublic £errice Hoard, is one man who ha? a history of an uncommon character. The Uazrltf announces that amongst the retrenched is Mr Vr'illiam Burney McLaren, Superinten tendent of Prison Industries iu Darlins'nurst Gaol, in IS71 Mr ilcLaren wns superinten dent of stone-masonry Km! stone- breakers in the caol at Parramatta. Confined there was | a Victorian natire. Thomas Kelly, aged SO j yean, OH Sin higb, wlio had been convicted of robbery, at Deniliquin, in 18U9, and sen tenced to seven years ' oa tbe roads or other public works of tie polony, 'as the form of sen tence then ran. At Os'clock on Aug. lrt, isn, a number cf men were employed in the stone yard, when iicLaren, in the esETciseof his duty, took exception to the size of some metal broken by iitlly, and desired that ?. should be made smaller. According to McLaren, that was all the conversation that passed. When the overseer turned from the Btone heap, Kelly, witb both bands, raised the heavy stone hammer, and swinging it over his shoulder, brought, it dowa crashing on the sknll of tho luckless McLaren. Of course the man fell to the ground, when Kelly, again swinging the hammer round his head, made another blow, this time striking the overseer on the cheek. He attempted a third blow, but was secured by two prisoners until the warders, after a hard struggle, locked him up. Ur Pringle examined the wounded orerjeer and found the skull badly fractured. 1'or weeks JlcLaren lay between life and death, and oaly in November — three months afterwards — was he able to appear in Court. A silver plate was inserted in his stall, aad it is there still. Kelly was tried before Sir Alfred Stephen for attempted mnrder, found guilty, ani sen tenced to death. During his residence in the condemned cell he nas attended spiritually by Father J. 1. Carroll, Y.ff., now at the Sacred Heart Church, Darlingiiurst. lie wao alto visited by the kindly old Arch bieliop Br. folding. Eotli believed Kelly to be in a fit frame of mind to meet his doom. He waa allowed to see the bright Now Year, and on January 2nd, 1872, ir«s led out to execution. There bad been no execution in Darlinghuret Gaol since April 21, I80S, when the lunatic O'Fariell suffered the death penalty, in ths midst o£ wild excite ment tor attempting tne life of the Duke of Edinburgh, at Cloatarf, Middle Harbor. The victim of Parkes' Kiaraa Ghost scare was executed on a moveable g.illovrs, a structure erected in one of the yards when occasion required, and th» condemned man hail to climb a ladder ol many stsps to reach the piace of doom. Kelly was mare fortunate. Between tha time of O'Farrell's execution and the conviction of McLarea's assailant, K wing of the Gaol had been completed, and a permanent fixture erected in an angle of the Duiluing, fronting Dir linghurst-road, and facing due east, so that the condemned man in tit king his last look of earth and eky hai the rising sun to cheer his linal moments. The condemned cells, there are six, are on the same level as the scaffold, the middle tier of the wing.. It is but hali'-a-iiozen paces from No. 1 cell where the condemnad mna is usually con fined to the piatfoim. On the fatal moraine Kelly appeared pale butdogged. accompanied by father C.titoll. They fcaelt upon the scaffold and prayed, Kelly making tbe rL'spontes audibly. Coucuding his devotions be arose, and contrary tu the custom in cases where til? cr.minal is a Catholic, addressed the littie auaience bjlow. la tbe group oti the grass plot in itont of tha gallows were Captain Chatfield (the visiting justice, iaat week retrenched by the Public Service Board). Sir .Jolia C. Reid (the liorernor of the Uuol), Mr W. C. Cur (toe Uader-Slieriff), Ur Aar.m (the gaol Burgeon), and old Or McNisli, who kept a little dispensary oppo site the ruiiitary barracks gate at 1'addington. What brought the old Scotch rioctor on the scene is not known, Kelly, adiressing this little crowd, said ?. ' I wisn to let these gentlemen knotv that I die as innocent of tbe crime of attempted murder as the child unborn. McLaren aggravated me. I am going to be hung for taking my own part.' Bull, the then executioner — old, fat, and frowsy— approached Kelly for the purpose of completing the toilet. The condemned man turned sharply round and raising bis right foot planted a terrific kick in that part of Bull's anatomy which must not be mentioned to ears polite. Suftice it that the kick delivered straight in fniut. completely doubled up the hangman, who straightway retired and could not be in duced to re-appear. The assistant, Franks, now sprang upon Kelly, who clung to Father Carroll, exclaiming, 'I'll not be hawj, McLaren's not dead.' Franks, single handed, endeavored to secure him, while Father Car roll tried to pacify him, all three being in great danger during the scuffle of going over the platform into the little crowd below. Some warders having come to the assistance of Franks, Kelly was got down on the floor of the scaffold and tbe pinioning completed, the unfortunate wretch maintaining the cry, ? I'll not be hun^, 1 don't deserve it.' After the rope was placed round his neck it was iound to be too long; by many feet. This had to be altered, Kelly meanwhile being held down by warders, Father Carroll had retired, completely overcome by the terrible Bcene he had taken part ifl. Held by warders on tbe trap, still struggling and exclaiming ' I'll not be hung,' Kelly stood for a brief moment full of life, tbe next his body shot through tbe trap and swung in tbe air. In tbe struggle on the platform the rope became loosened and the knot slipped round under the wretched man's chin. It had not tightened, and the poor wretch writhed and struggled horribly in his death agony. Captain Chatfield from below gave instruc tions to tbe executioner, and that official made several attempts to shHft the Tope into its proper position, eventually succeed ing, after twelve minutes liai etapted. The \- model scaffold ' »t Darlinghurst had thus » rather sensational baptism. The Hebrew doctor (Atron) and the Scotch medico (UcNish), having examined the body, certified .that Kelly was at last dead, ani the terrible assault -m Overseer McLaren duly avenged. It isbntfairto IlcLaren to mention that he made a strong appeal to the Kxecvjtive Council to spare the lite of the condemned man. Executioner Bull never attempted to bang anybody else. He was compelled to seek the shelter of the Liverpool Asylum, and died there. He iru about- the last of the bangmen who were paid ' by the job.' Tbe successors of Hall and the predecessors of Howard were young, active men, who dressed for their dmies iu clerical garb, and, as in the executions of Nichols and Lester, June 1«, 1872, and Source and JtcCrow, April 8, 1873, did their work in a quiet, persuasive manner. Mr Robert Howard and his assis tant, Mr S Godkin, are now regularly graded Civil Servants, the Public Service Board having fixed and gazetted ths salary of the former at £150 per annum, and the latter £125. Howard is perhaps the only Australian executioner who has held the office for over 20 years, draws an annual salary, lives in his own freehold, and has his name inscribed on the electoral roll of the colony. We have received from ileesra. Hordern Brothers, Pitt-street, a copy of their New Spring and Summer Fashion Plates of Cos tumes, ?Thirty-five new and original de signs, including Walking, Garden Party, Fete, Ball and Bicycle Costumes are shown. A large sketch of a pretty bridal toilette takes central position, uad completes a group of fashions worthy of thi- firm's name. This interesting book any iciymay have gratiB upon Rppl/c.itioa. 0 