Major Vandeleur's Trust BY JoNs STRAN'E WINERn. CHAPTER I. Two men wero smoking under thie brilliant stars of an Afghan sky-the one, George Vandeleur, major of the White Lancers ; the other a mero boy, by name Geoffrey iMainwaring, a lately joined subaltern of the COirsaseurs. sMajor Vandeleur was a man of little more than forty-a bandromo man, but with a clooud of care over the eyes. which ought to have been full of life and energy. Young MIinwaring was scarcely more than a boy; long and lithe and strong, with a mere shading of dark brown on his upper lip, and still the gay laughter that he brought with him a few months before. He looked aside at his companion, as a sigh-an unmistakeable sigh-fell upon his car. " Major," he said, "you're down in the month to-night, sir. I hope you had no bad news by the mail to-day "' The older man shook himself to gether. "No, not that, Mainwaring-quite the contrary, in fact-for my home news was most cheering. But I feel somehow -well, I've got a sort of presentiment hanging about me, and I can't shake it off, try as I will." "I don't think, major," said the lad, respectfully, "sitting out here is likely to help you to get rid of it-I don't, really." "$No, perhaps not. Let us go in," said the major. Before either of them rose from their chairs, however, the major asked the subaltern a question "Hare you any sisters, Mainwar ing ?" "-o, sir ; nor brothels," he replied. " Ah I And your father, of course, is living ?" "No, major. My father died lifteon years ago, when I was quite a little chap. My mother died, when I was born." "Then you are quito alone in the world P" "That is pretty much about it, sir," in a tone of one who did not find the position a particularly trying or hard one. "Ah, indeed I Yes, yes ; but it's not so bad for a boy to be left as a girl." S1 EsuOUl say not, Icealngiy re marked Mr Mainwaring ; "bat, for my part, sir, it's so long since I had any relations that I've got pretty well used to it." " And yonr guardian ?" " Oh, my guardian's an old dnffer !" the young man answered promptly. " It's no fault of his that I didn't go to the Jews and make ducks and drakes of my property years ago. As it was, how ever, I got along on a very beggarly allowance, and put the time in till I be came of age, uad also my own master." "Oh, then, yoa are of age ?" said the senior. " Yes. I am nearly two-and-twenty, sir. Late in joining ? Well, that's so ; but you see, majpr, I had to do the military grind, for my old fool of a guardian had what he called scruples about my going to Sandhurst. Yes, it was a nuisance, bat it's pretty much the same now." "I don't know why I should tell, Mainwaring," he said, filling his pipe with slow but steady fingers, " but I have an idea that I shall never get ont of this alive" "Indigestion, sir," said the young man promptly. He did not suffer in that way himself. "Neverr had it in my life." answered the major, with cqual promptitude. "No, it's eomething quite dilferent and the thought of my little girl at home clings to me like a ghost." " Your little girl, major I" exclaimed the young man. " Why, I didn't even know you were married I" "No more I am-at least, my wife died five years ago," Major Vandelour answered, "and I'm like you, Main waring, I haven't got a relation in the world; not one, except my little girl. Ab, poor little woman ; it goes to my heart to think what'll become of her if anything happens to me I" "Oh I but nothing will happen to yon, sir; at least, it's very unlikely," cried the yooug man, with a great deal more choeerflness than he felt. " And, you know, thinking about it is the very worst thing possible, and the most likely to bring it about. You oughtn't to do it, major, really." "No, I know," smiling faintly; "so I'll go indoors and see what the rest of them are after.'" He got up then, and went along the half ruined verandah towards the large room which was the temporary mess room of his regiment, and young Main waring followed him in, going straight way in search of an " iced peg," feeling more than sorry for the handsome follow who seemed to have taken such a fancy to him since they had been thrown to gother in this dreary land, wherein all lnroprans became as brothers in their feeling towards each other, and yet, though sorry, he was glad to get away from his immediate vicinity. " By Jove I" his thoughts ran, as he put the glass down after draining its contents, " but I sholld feel dencedly uncomfortable if I had that sort cf fore boding. And he has a child at home, poor old chap !" Well, th(e followinr day there twas a eortio from Coabil, anld :II of our l men were I;illed and oeroral otficerv dange rousily wvnotldred, nullollg thoin f?l~vjr Vandolour. And al hlIur or two later, when the lighting wan over, yontg Mlainwaring got bank into camp, sotlc body came to himu and enid " By-the-bye, are you Mar Mlainwaring, of the Cuirnseicra 1" " Yes," he roplioJ. "Major Vandeleur, of my regiment, has been brought in badly wounded-I toliero mortally so-and he is asking for you. Will you go and'see him ?" "To be sure. By Jove I Poor chap, he was expecting this !" heo exclaimed. "'Pon my word, I am sorry I Go to him ? By Jove I that I will I Where is he ?" " In his own quarters. I'll show you," said the other, and in less than three minutes Geoffrey Mainwaring, all dirty, dusty, and battle- stained as he was, was shown into the room where George Vandelour lay dying. Heo wnt up to the bed as softly as he could, buhot the Major heard his foot tstep, and opened his eyes, unmistakably he eyes of a dying man. " Major, I'm so awfully sorry-" the younger mad began. Yes,' said the othor, faintly. "All up with me now. I knew they'd got me. Wanted to see you." And there he stopped and closed his eyes, and Mainwaring looked round anxionely for the doctor, thinking that the poor follow was on the very point, as he pot it afterwards, of slipping hie cable. Thr? monr, hsvenr, opened his eves again. " No, don't call anyone. I shall hold out a bit longer. I want to ask you something." " Yes, sir, I am listen'ng," young Mainwaring answered. " What is it, Sir ?' " My little girl," said the major, with a look of appealing anguish; " sho's all alone in the world, and I've-1've never made my will or anything." "Then make it at once, sir," said young Mainwaring, promptly. "Yes, I know. I've told Vickers." Vickers was the chaplain, " But a :uardian-eke must have a guardian and, Mainwaring, I want you to be her guardian. Will you ?' " Of course I will, sir," said the young man, instantly. At that terrible moment he would bave promisci anything which would have given or seemed to give the dyisg man a moment's peace of mind. " Theic will be a few hundroes a year -cnongh to bring her up properly," the mlajor said more feebly. "Then will-? yon-tell -Vickers 1" So Mainwaring went and fetched the chaplain, and the major told him that he was to put down the name of Geoffrey Mainwaring, of the Cuirassiers, as guardian and sole trustee of his child, Mary, then in the charge of Mrs Tem pleton, of No. 17 South Kensington eSnare. " She's at school. there," he said faintly to Lainwaring. It was very soon done, for Mr Vickers had got the will ready, leaving only the name of the child's guardian to be inoerted. Then the msajor, who was rapidly sinking, scrawled his name in the place where the doctor indicated; the chaplain and thbo doctor both added their names as witnesses, and the dying man closed his eyes, feeling that after all it had not been too late. They had not a very long vigil, for bhfore the dark fell George Vandelonr had entered into rest and the light which knows no night, and Geoffrey fMainwaring went out of the quiet room with a new burden of responsibility upon his shoulders. UHAPTER II. A year had gone by, and Geoffrey [ainwarieg found himself in London gain for the first time since he had ecome the guardian of Major Vande our's daughter. [Ie had, of course, written to the ady in whose care the child was, had xplained that by the late Major Van elear's will he had become her guar iian ; that he hoped she was well and was not fretting much after her father ; that at present he had no prospect of coming home from India, and therefore f the child was well and happy there was no need to disturb existing arrange monte, and that he would instruct his awyers to continue the same payments made by the late Major Vandeleur. To this he received several letters rom Mrs Templeton. In the first one she expressed her sorrow at the major's death; told him that Mary, not harlog een her father for more than three years, was not, naturally, in as deep :rief as the death of a parent would under more ordinary circumstances have eccasioned ; that she was well and, she rusted, happy-and so the letter went en until Geoffrey Mainwaring got to the end of it and laid it down with a pity ng, " Poor little soul, it must be poor sort of comfort liring with an old cat ike that I" The other letters were of a business nature pure and simple, and they inv. riably ended " Mary is well and happy, gets on very well with her lessons, and wishes to be remembered to her guardian." And somehow, when Mainwaring got to the end of one of Mrs Templeton's stiff and precise letters, he always said to himself "''00r little ou01 l'-Which was Mary Vandolenr, of course. Well, at the end of a year he had a very bad return of an attack of fever which he had had in Afghanistan, and so nearly slipped his cable, to use his own words, that he was bundled off home in a desperate burry. So it hap pened that at the end of May hbe found himself in London once more, and really feeling quite his own man; so much to as to have a certain shamed feeling about him of being a complete fraud to be home on sick leave. And, naturally enough, his first thought, having no home ties of his own, was of the little orphan in South Kensington-square, whose life, though he had never seen her, had been so strangely bound up with his own. Therefore, as soon as he had turned himself round, so to speak, he got into a cab and went off to see her. " I suppose I'd better ask for the old eat first," he sanid to himself, as be rang the bell. Yes, Mirs Templeton was at home; so he sent in his card, and was shown into a at If and ghastly drawing-room, hnne round like a bazaar with traphien of needloeork-n dull and cheerless room, which looked as if it bhad not had a fire lighted in the terribly well-polished grate for at least a month. "Good heavens, what a ovalt to live in l" said he, as his eyes wandered around. 'Thn tihe door openeid, and a taloll and stately laldy acine in, looked at Lin in eo TiTrpiise, thoua back at the card still in her hand. " Mr Geoffrey Mainnaring ?" she said. 1 YeY , that in my name," he an owored. " Mary Vandeletr's guardian I" said drs Templeton, in a voice of the utmost stonishment. "Yes," smiling. "I seem to surprise ;on, somehow or other." " Well, I confess that I am sunrprised," naid the schoolmistress, candidly. " I f-well, I thought Major Vandoleur would have chosen someone older and-" "Chosen !" Mainwaring broke in. 'Ah, poor fellow, it wasn't exactly a ease of choosing with him, you see, but o taking the best man he could get at he moment." They talkol together for a few minntes, and then Mrs Templeton rose i from her seat. "Come into my room, Mr Mainwar ing," she said, "and then I will send Mary to you. It is more cosy than this oom, which I never sit in. I must go now, for I have a class waiting." " Oortainly," he replied courteously. She led him into a small and very comfortable room, su:h as gave him a hetter opinion of her. "I will send her to you," she said,. and then she left him. He waited for some five or ten minutes before the door opened, stand lg comfortably warming himself before he fire, for as yet he felt chilly in the English climate. lHe turned as be he hard the door open, and to his intense astonishment saw a all, slender girl, dressed in deep mourn ng, which throw into greater promi nonce the mass of soft, golden hair which was coiled at the top of her little, hapely head. " Good morning," he stammered, so horoughly taken aback that he hardly new what t0 say, "bst you-you are not--not my ward I?" " I am Mary Vandeleur," she said, ooking at him with a pair of frank, beantiful blue eyes, so like her father's care-clouded ones, as he well remem hored them the night before that fatal sortie from Cabol. "But-but you are grown up," he cried. "I-I thought you were a little :irl. I have brought you a doll." At this point I am bound to say that Mary Vandolenr burst out laughing. " It is very funny," she cried; "but did poor father never tell you anything about me ?" " Not a wore until the evening before hlat las sortio when he was wounded. And then he only spoke of you as his ittle girl, and-and I thought yon were nix or ten, or about that." "Nay, I am sixteen; I shall be sevonteen next month, Mr Mainwaring," she said, " and Mrs Templeton says I am very old for my ago." " I was never so astonished in my life," he exclaimed, "never! 1 can't be lieve it I Why, it's absurd on the face of it that I should be your guardian I" A nsunny smile stole across DMary Vandaleur's face. " Well." she said, "it is absurd I I suppose I shall have to look up to you and respect you, but really-don't think me rude-bnt you look almost as much in need of a guardian as I do." "And so I am, almost," he answered with a laugh. " Why, the old ledy lirs Templeton, that is-she looked at me in such astonishment that I almost laughed in her face." " Mrs Templeton is utterly shocked and ecandalised," Mary Vandelenr re turned. "She came to sme just now. ' My dear,' she said, ' your gnardian has just come, and is waiting to see your; and, my dear Mary, he is a boy,' eho added." " Well, that is a matter 1 cannot help, I didn't ask your poor father to make me your guarddan; but, all the same, what the poor dear follow could have boon thinking of I can't imagine." "Poor father," murmured the girl, with a sigh, "he never troubled himself about the conventional idea of things. If a man or woman had a face he liked and felt inclined to trust, he never trou bled himself as to what the world would think of his trusting them. And I don't know that it is a bad plan-he very seldom was deceived in people." The compliment to him was not a small one, the more because it was an absolutely unconscious one; nor was Geoffrey Mainwaring slow to notice it. They were still standing before the fire, and at the mention of her father he had taken her hands in his and had kept them there ever since. And when she reached the last sentence he had hard work not to press the little soft fingers resting within his own with a wholly unguardian-like warmth. He did resist the temptation, however, and to the fingers remained where they were. "I don't quite see what is to be done," he said at last. " You know you onught to have a snuffy old grump for a guardian-either a crabbed old bachelor or a man with a horrid, crabbed old wife who would snob you persistently. It's tbe proper thing to do. But, as I am not old nor crabbed nor married, I can only do the best I can. Supposing I take you out for a drive 7'' " Mrs Templeton won't lot me go," she said promptly. " You forget that I am your guar dian," he replied. " She can't help her self. I have a right to take you out for a drive; all guardians have. What's the use of being anyone's guardian else ?" " She won't lot me go," said Miss Vandeleur, with conviction. " Shall we send and ask her 7" " Yes," she said frankly. "I should like to go immensely." So Mr Mainwaring sent a polite little note to Mrs Templeton, asking if he might take his ward for a drive i and the request so molhlied the lady that she came to speak to hint again to ask him to return and dine with Mary and herself, to see the doll whlich he had brought for the child he had believed his ward to be, sand generally to be very gracious and forgiving to his very em barrassing youthfolnoes. As Geoffrey MIainwaring very truly said, he could not help himself, either in the matlter of his own juvenility-and he was; nvenilo when you consider him in the light of a guardian-nor the grown-up condition of his ward. " I want to take you to the Dor: Gallery," he said to her one day when he carried her off from her lessons. "The I)ord!" she ropeated doubt fully. " Oh, I have been there!'' " Yes, I know. At least, I don't know, but that doesn't matter. It's a quiet place where one can talk," he an sowered. So they went to the I)orn: Gallery, and were soon blinking dismally in an effort to accnstom their eyes to the dim, religious light which prevails at that particular exhibition. "Mary," he said, presently, when they had found a comfortable seat, "I'vo been thinking about-about things. And you know it's perifetl, absurd our going on and doing this ward and guardian business. We really ought to stop it." " Well, but how ?" cried she, in dis may. She was well satisfied enough with her guardian, and had not the very smallest desire for a change. "Am I such a dreadful bother to you 7 Be cause if I am, you know, I don't think you need take me about so much. Goar dians don't generally, you know. One of our girls has a guardian who never comes near her." " My dear little love," he said, taking her hand under cover cf the gloom. "don't you understand 7 I only want to give you up in a certain way. I want you to give yonrself to me for always don't you see ?" "To be martioe 7" she whispered. " Yes," he answerol j syously, "to bn married." " Bat-" and the little soft hand clung to his-' will they allow it ?" " They-who 7" he asked. " You forgot; I am the only person who has power to prevent it." For a long time they nst there, and their silence was their troth-plight; both were too happy to speak. " Mary, dearest 7' he said, inquir ingly. "I was just thinking," she answered, turning to him with an ineffable smile, " that dear father's last instinct proved the best that could ever have been ; but I shall keep that doll as long as I live." 