TUB LBGISLA TIVE COUNCIL ELECTIONS . THE SOUTH YARKA PROVINCE. ORGANISING OF LIBERAL VOTERS. A pubiio"' mooting of tho ratepayingoleetors of Melbourne South; Emerald Hill find Albert Park was hold at tho Tempcranco Hall, South Melbourne, lost night with tho object of organising in order to ohoose a Liberal candi date to contost tho South Yarra Provinco at tbo onsuinz elections for tho Legislative OaunelL Mr. J. IC O'Keefe was voted to tho chair, aad there was a gratifying attendance. Mr. H. H. Meadows, who had been charged with the duty of convening the meeting, said tho preoise objoot in view was to rolicvo Sir Ficdcrick Sargood of bis task of representing tho cleotors as soon as his present term of office expirod. A preliminary meeting held at the Temperance Hall in Melbourno had decided that a central council composed nf 50 elector?, to be drawn in equal propor tion from tho 10 Assembly electorates in the province, should bo appointed, under tho titlo of tho South Ynrra Province Liberal League, and that lcngue would under- tako tho selection of a candidate for the pur pose named. That meeting being representative of three electorates would send 15 delegates; It was unusual for Legislative Councillors to havo opposition, anditwas thereforcnccessary that all branches of tho Liberal party should weld their forces for tho time iuto one harmonious whole Mr. A. Brown, aotiug secretary of the league, said it was considered by Liberals generally that every one of tho retiring Logiaiativo Coun cillors should bo opposed at tho elections in November. Past cxpcrionco hnd taught them that unless decisive action wero taken to peremptorily put a stop to tlppar House tnctics affairs would yet rvaoh a dangerously bad stage. (Hear, hear.) They had seen how the Counoil had treated popular measures which wero calculated to benefit tho working olnsscs, and they could expect a repetition of the con- duot unless thoy united to defend thomsclvcs. Prahrtm had already taken action, and tho pre liminary committee was in communication with Port Melbourne and St. Kilda. In all those districts tho feeling against Sir Frederick Sar good was very strongly evidenced. No doubt he was an able man, but he wns a master ful man with illiberal principles, and Us he led bis House by the nose, it was nccosH&ry; for the welfare of the province that he should give way to a man moro in touch with tho demauds of the constituonoy (Cheers.) Mr. J. B. Tucker asked if the league was to bo merely a temporary organisation for tbo ono speoifio purpose, or if it wns intended to creato another liberal organisation whoso object it would bo mado to absorb tho existiug labor and liberal leagues. If the latter ho would oppose the movement tooth and nail. Mr. Meadows said tho leaguo was merely temporary und for the ono specified purpose. Mr. Brown, as noting general secretary, gave a similar assurance. He believed the question arose through exception being taken to tho I'rabran meeting having been convcnod by Mr. Champion. That gentleman had mtnoly beep requested, as a local ratepayer, to oonveno tuo mcoting, and having done so, he had rcfusod to accept oliico as a delegate. There was no back stair work or intriguing of any kind in tho movement. Mr. Tucker thought that in view of tho assurances given the movement must command tho support of every liberal. Mr. Johu Fisher said they bad been misrepre sented in the past, and woro now determined to be represented. Hence they had very legiti mately and properly deoided to join nil thoir forces for tho nonce and return n suitable man. Thoy would have a diflioulty in doing ao in tho faco of tho disproportionate inequitable aud un reasonable property qualification impoBod upon candidates-— a restriction they should ondoavor to havo rcmovod. They did not want " money bags" to represent thcra, but brains. Why should not Victoria havo the privilego of orcating an Upper Houso such as South Australia had? Untrammollod by absurd property qualification conditions, that colony hnd a Chamber so good that nouo of its members would have the "ghost of a show" to gain a seat in our Upper IIou3o by reason of theimhccrsuitnbility for such a position. (Laugh ter and applause.) However, not to bo per sonal, ho would not analyse Sir Fiederick SargootVs abilitios, but would content himself with echoing tho Liberal demand for a bettor man. It was then formally deoided that those pre sent approved, of tho formation of the league, and agreed to send delegates. Tho following delegates wero appointed. Emerald Uiii : Messrs. J. B. Tucker, J. Fisher, J. K. O'Keefe, G. Winwood and IL Young. Melbourno South : Mossrs. J. Minty, P. Skehan, A. Cft-itlchow, W. E. Wells and 1\ Henderson. Albert Park : Messrs. II. II. Meadows, C. B. Percy, A. Gil bert, T. Mather nud J. Falkinbridgo.. The meeting terminated with a vote of thnnks to the chairman. 