THE CRIME ; OF THE "'LIZA JANE," Br FERGUS HUI S, I Author of "The Mystery of a Hansom i Cab," "The Dwarf's Chamber," &c.; Publised by special arrangement with Messrs. W'ard, Lock 4 Bowden, Ltd. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XXVII. TLHE COURSE OF TRUE LOVE. Notwithatanding my anxiety to return to Manxby, I was detained in town for three days. A mniden aunt, lately dceased, had left me a few thousands, and I oalled on my solicitor relative to the disposal of the money. He strongly advised me to buy a practice, and settle down; but infected as I was with the love of roaming, I was dit inolined to remain in Enogland. Ultimately I resolved to revert to my old mode of life, and to this end I invested the legacy so carefully, that with my original Income I had now close on five hundred a year. Just suffident to see me comfortably round the world as often as I chose to go. This matter being settled, I left my lawyer to carry out my instruntions, and returned to Manxby forthwith. Before leaving town I saw Trumpet, who informed me that Mrs Tyke had been committed for trial on the charge of obatructing the police in the execution of their duty; and that Captain Jim's ship was dropping down the river for Vera Cr:z. I was rather astonished at this last piece of information, as I had not for gotten my friend's intimation that he would eeo me at Manxby. I thought he had feiled to keep his word, and felt a pang that he should so treat one for whom he had always professed a strong friendship. I had not so many friends that I could afford to lore one One of the first persons I saw when I again took up my abode in the Prince's Hotel was Grace, who met me with an in jcred air. "I do call you a nice fellow, Fairfax," he sead crssly : " here I've been calling on you every day thinking you would be baok, and never a in3 of youen. I would have tele graphed you in .town only I did not know your addrees." " What is the matter, Grace I" "Oh, the tame old thing. Cardell is again crgaged to Adelaide." " Clover woman that," said I admiringly. "I knew she would manage it, but I hardly expctcd the quarrel would be made up so soon. Did Sir Digby give you the joyful news!' "Yea; he a-ys Adelaide has sxplained her visit to Bruce. It appear sho wao n on an errand cf mercy-to warn Bruce against the anarchicte, ro now Cardell thinks she is an angel." "Ito'll find out she's the other thing before he's done. And TMim Cardell !" "Wel!, naturally ehe is angry, but all the same I think we will be engaged after alL You see," continued Grace, reddening, "she has found out that she loves me." "I congratulate yun, Grace," said I heartily; " a marriage of love is more likely to be happy than one of convenience. Though all the same, I have no doubt your fiancee is pleased at the idea of escaping the constant cnpany of Adelaide as a step mother." "She just in. Bat what about year visit to town? Any news!" "None. It seems to me that I may as well throw up the sponge. To all appear ance the anarchists are responsible for the whole bEusiess." 0 "AndAdelaide? ' "She has been making use of them for the gaining of her own ends. Honestly speaking, 1 do not think she killed Bruce; but I have no doubt she brought about the committal of the crime." " But she went to warn him." " Rubbish ! my dear fellow," I interrup ted; "that is a pretty story to calm the jealousy of CardeL." We talked for some time on these matters, and I was glad to hear that the course of true love woas for once running smoothly. ' I had not seen much of May Cardell, and what convereation I had with her did not impress me with the faot that she was extraordin arily clever. Nor was she strikingly beautiful; refined and arletooratio, I grant, but eho lacked the Eplondours of Adelaide. The one was a truly beautiful woman; the other merely a pretty girl of the ordinary type. Still I thought she would match well with Grace, as he was a simple yeung fellow not overburdened with brains. More' over, he was so deeply in love, that I was glad to think there was a chance of his attainiing, as he thought, complete happi. uses " Ons thing I should like to know," said I, after listening to an enthusiastl account of May's perfections, "how Miss Oardell became aware that Adelaide visited Brace!'" " You asked that before, and I could not answer yon," replied Grace, laughing; " but I can now. When Adelaide and May were on the Esp!anado one day, Bruce passed them, and as he did Co murmured in Ade laIde's ear, I must see you at once,' She replied, 'Thursday. at nine.obleak. jol .?tb r.-cstsaysv--hrhea-rd the speeches; and so she guessed that Adelaide know hlmn." "' Did she tell her father !" "No. Cardell was so deeply in love wIth Miss Erskine, that she was afraid to say a word against her." "Did MiLs Cordell know Brac;! She said she did." " By Eight only, as she conife;sd to me. He was a striking-looking man, you know. Boasides, May heard of him indirectly through her maid, who Is a friend of IMrs Glb's servant." "It is strange that while Miss Cardell knew him ncaly as Grainger, she should speak of him aus Brace." "Ynou forget," raid Grace, significantly, "sho overheard the conversation at the dinnur'table when Mrs Bannister told the story. The identity of Gralnger with Bruce was then fully established." " I forgot that. Yest; it seems all intel. Iigible enough." The next morning, having ascertained that Adelaidewas still at Manxby, I srolled along the c'ff to enjoy the view, intending later to pay a vidrit to Canute Villa. I had ?o longer any curlosity about thebs house, as I knervw.that it was Megoey whom Adelaide had kept so occluded, Now Magasy, better dressed than usual, went dally down to the bhach, and had struck up an acqualntance with Ben Lun. There was no longer any need for coneocalment. Nevertheless, oat of curiosity, I setill de sired to eeo the interior of Canute Villa, and so I bent mystepes in that dirco:i mn, coming roand in the curve of the oliffs. Here the ground was covered with osend, whitish grass, dry ling, and teather, pleasant to look at, to lie on. Bdelow, the ocean stretched up to the o!ucr line of the horizon glittering in the bright sun, and several ships were straining at their anchors. I did not take much noteof the sea or chips, as mythoughts were busy with Adelaide, and I was on the point of resnming my walkwhen I saw her come out of her house and advanoa towards r me. She wore a kind of yaohting coatume of white serge, and as she walked forward I ewiging her lithe figure, I thought I had I never seen so beautiful n creature. In my heart I half forgave Cardell for his infatua tion. She would have conquered a monarch. "Ah I you are back again, Doctor," she said, coming up to me with the colour in her cheeks. ' 1 expected you sooner, but I suppoee your important businees of finding a mare's neat kept you longer than you ex pected." "Won't you elt down, Miss Erakine I" said I. taking ro notice of the joke; "the heather is quite dry. Then we can talk l more at our ease." She nodded with a smile, and took her seat on a rounded hump, purple with I heather. I sat on a similar one opposite to her, acd still smiling, she leaned her chin on 4 a tall cane she carried, and stared at me e with marked scorn. "So your mother is coemmitted for trial," i aidd I, resolved to take her at a difadvan tage. "So she tells me," replied Miss Erskine, in no wise disturbed. "Poor mothar I t Never mind, I'll put that right soon. But a that is a family matter, Doctor, about whioh we need not talk. Are you still of the c opinion that I shall not become Lady Oar dell '" ' "No ; Grace told mo that you had your s puppet dancing again. Poor devil l" " I don't see why you should pity him, c Dcc?er. lie is going to marry me; I am beautiful, I am clever, and above all, I am I good-natured. Oh, you'll sese 'll make the creature very comfortable I He'll have aI much battar time with me than he had with his fiBrt wife." ] " I'm glad you think so, Miss Erakine," I was my reply. "I confess that I should not like to make the exrimepa -."- oipii.s 5 mentod one another, let us get to business." " Bueineso I" "Yes; you have thrown up the sponge." "I have. Captain James Barry and In specter Trumpet both think that the deaths are duo to anarchists, so I have abandoned the case." "Yet still remain of the same opinion." "I believe it was you rather than the anarchists, if that is what you mean." "That is what I do mean," she said quickly ; "thank you for a painfully plain answer. Well, Doctor, when a chili is good we give it sweets. You have been good, and I am going to give you sweets. In other words, to-morrow night you shall learn this mystery which has perplexed you so long." I What do you mean?" I cried, starting to my feet. ' What I say," she answered, following my example. " Don't you understand Eng lish ! I shall tell you who killed Bruce, and how it was done." " Now!" I said hoarsely, scarcely bellev Ing my oars. "'!No I To- morrow night." "Where?" "In the cabin of yonder ship." She painted to a barque to the right, and my eyes followed her hand. With a start of surprise I thought I recognised the rig of the ship. but I was not sure. Seeing my doubt, Adelaide beckoned to a coast guardeman who stood some little distance away with his glass under his arm. The man, who had been taking furtive glances at her beauty, came with alacrity. "Land this gentleman your telescope," sald Miss Erskine, and In another moment I bed the end of it to my right eye. The ship swam into the range of the glass, and I re. eognised her at once. It was The Seeker. I knew her too well to be mistaken. The Seeker, and at Manxby 1 Now I knew the meaning of Captain Jim's last words. Meanwhile, Adelaide had dismissed the ooast-guardsman with a gratuity and a smile, and now stood waiting for me to speak. What 1 did say was brief, but to the point. "I know the boat. I'll go on board when you will." "Good I Maeet me at the end of the Esp]anade-the old town end-at eight o'clock tomorrow evening. Ben Lun will take us on board." "In the 'Li?a Jane ?" I said, with a shudder. "Why, yea; you are not afraid of ghosts, arc yeou" she sneered. " Onoo on board, and yenou will learn the truth-also what a fool von have been. I don't think theore is anythihg more to say at present. Good day, Dootor." And.she walked off smartly, leaving me in a state of stupefaction. CHAPTER XXVIII. ON BOARD THE SEEKER. I was yet to hear more of Miss Erskine before seeing her again, for on the same evening I received a note, asking me to return the disguise which I had found on the beach. "As yen are a tall man, it can be of no possible une to you," wrote Ade laide, with characteristic mockery, " so you had better let me have it again. I will net nouse it as a disguise whereby to perpetrate a murder, no you can set your Imaginative brain at rest. As for the rest, you must re. member that your curiosity is to be satis fied at eight o'clock or thereabouts to. morrow eveniug. I have no fear of your forgetting the appointment, for you are as curious as a woman, and as weak." So the letter ran on, with its blending of mockery and spite, and honest recognition of a worthy foeman. With regard to the appointment, I had already determined on keeping it, and after some cnalideration I sent back the clothes to Canuto Villa. They were of no use as evidence, as, having gradually come round to Trumpet's way of thinking. I had'prsao tically abandoned the ecase. Yet now that I had sanrrendered all hope of learning the truth, it seemed, from Adelaide's words, that I was to be unexpectedly gratified with a solution of the whole mystery. It was therefore little to be wondered that I did not sleep much that night, my brain being full of srmises regarding possible revela tions. Sleep and Iwere strangers till dawn. At daybreak I woke weary and unre froshedreo to brace myself up I went down to the beach for a swim. The chill of the water did me good, and when I was dressed again I felt much better. On my way up to brcahfaat I met Ben Lun lounging on the bench. He also looked as though he had been up all night, and contrary to his nanal manner, he seemed rather to avoid than to seek me. But I was not to be put off In that way, and thinking that he might know something of the matter to which Adelaide referred. I ascosted him forthwith. "Well, Ben, yen look tired," said I, placing myself before him. "I don't feel over-bright, sir, and that's a fact," admitted Ben cautiously. "That is rather a pity, as you have hard Yea ;Mhlss Erekino engaged the '"I.sn Jene for the evening. You be coming too, Doc tor 1" " Yes ; Mise Erskine told yen so." "Surely: I take you both off at eight o'clock this eveninhg. It's a long pull to that there chip, anyhow," concluded Ben, rueofully. "Ah," said I, with sudden intuition, "you have been out to her last night?' Bon flashed, and stammered, and turned away his heed, hut being no adept at con oealment, at length he admitted that he had rowed Miss Erakine out on the previous evening. "Now what is that for ?" I thought,mnuch perplaxed. "What dovllment Is abhe up to now? Surely Captain Jim can't have resconed her mother from Trnmpet and car. ried her down Channel 2' The idea of my friend as a new Paris carrying off this elderly Helen amused me greatly, and I lzaughed, then turned to question Ben further, a mode of procedure which he seemed to resent. "Did you go on board The Becker, Ban 2" "Yea, sir ; for an hour or so." " Miss Erskine stayed all that time ?" "Yer, sir. She was down in the cablin aspeaking to the captain.? ' '"Hum! Did you see any lady on b?oard !?' "No, sir," said Ben, with an uneasy wriggle- "I saw nought but the sailors." "When did The Beeker fetch up out yonder, Ien 2" "Yeaterday morning at dawn, Doctor. But I can't wait any longer, sir," he addoed bhaing bant on getting away; " eonder sle my father a-hallin'." And indeed the ancient wae roaring tfrough the hollow of hii hands, at the door oI the Blue Anchor. Ben elinpad off promptly, and disappeared into the publico house with his father; rather to my as tonichment, I may say, for Ben was not usually so obadient to the old man. I could not understand his obvious uneasiness, but then Adelaide had something to do with the matter, and where she meddled, mys tory thrived. I grow weary of trying to guess what the night might bring forth, and ultimately banished the matter from my , head, quite elok of such futile imaginations. Standing on the beach, I watched The r Seeker rolling In the far distance, and I had half a mind to board her for the mere plea sure of learning why Captain Jim was not on his way to Vera Cruz, Perhaps I should have done so, for the desire grew strong, but that Adelaide came unexpooetedly up to me and laid a detaining hand on my arm. She had been out for a swim, and looked as fresh as a rose. "No, my friend," she said, guessing my thoughts, "younmust not go on board yet awhile. Possess your soul in patience till eight o'olock to-night. You'll learn all soon enough, I promise you." " Why did yea go on board Isst night, Miss Erskine ?" " Ah, why? That is part and parcel of the enlightenmnent of this evening." "I'll be glad to hoar all and be done with the ease," I cried with sudden wrath. "I'm sick and tired of the whole foolishness." "Then why did you undertake it ?" she questioned with disdain. "Because-because--' "Because you are an curious as a woman, as I said in my letter." q " At, your letter I Did you get the clothes 1" B "I did, and I am much obliged to you for t having cent them. But confess now," she added lightly, "you had half a mind t, i keep them " " No; honestly speaking, I had not. I have thrown up the asse. You may have killed Bruce, or the auarohists may have done eo ; I don't know, and I don't care." "I think I can guess all at the present moment," Isaid hesitatingly. ~ Your mother is on board The Beeker." "H'm I Whatan excellent detective you are, Doctor !" She refused to directly answer my ques tion, and moved oawaylaughing. I madeno effort to detain her, for eho was so enig. I matical that I did not know what to make eof her. But in a moment or so she returned, and placed a portrait in my hand. "Do you know who that is ?" she asked in a low tone. I looked at the noble head, at the fine face of the photograph. Clean-shaven, with firm lips, keen eyes, and large forehead, I the picture was that of a handsome and intellectual man. There seemed to be a B familiar look about it as Igazed, but never theless I was unable to recognise it as any one I had seen in the flesh, and said as muob. Adelaide laughed, and enlightened my ignorance. "It is Cyrus Barry," she said quietly. "Cyrus Barry I A handsome face, not unlike his brother's. Now I see where the resemblance which puzzled me came in. So that Is Oyrus Barry, orator, penman, socialist, and day-dreamer Y" \- Yes," she replied, with satirical emphasis, "that is Cyrus Barry, liar, scoundrel, anarchist, and fool." " This face gives the ie to all those terms, Miss Erekiue." "A mask, my dear Doctor," said she, taking back the picture; "a fine. mask which hides a bad nature. Good heavens I to think how that man's brother believed in him. The windy scoundrel I" "Well, well," I cried impatiently, "the man is dead, let his evil be buried with him." Again she laughed, and took her depar ture, I saw her dwindle to a mare speck as she went along the Esplanado, then rousing myself from the brown study engendered by the portrait of Captain Jim's brother, I returned to my hotel and there had break fast. Never had the day seemed so long, though I managed to shorten it by sleeping in the afternoon. My slumber of the previous night had been a mere farce, so I lay down till five o'clock, and rose much refreshed and ready for the events ef the evening. Dressing myself in a warm suit, with a thick pea-jacket, for the evening was cold, after dinner I went down to the Esplanade. Nor did I omit to take a revolver with me, for it was not without the bounds of possibility that theofair. Ad. lalde migh'plaoo mt- in a difficult position. I was friendly with Captain Jim, and with Ben Lun, but as I knew well Miss Erekino had a talent for creating trouble. I judged it wise to be ready. Moreover, constant travelling beyond the confines of civillsation had accustomed me to feel the derringer in my hip-pocket, and I was uncomfortable without it. Thus prepared for good or evil fortune, I waited the coming of Miss Erekino, who was not yet at the rendez vous. I could see Ben Lun on the beach below, standing by his boat in the waning light. A thread of white foam fringed the sands, and beyond the inky flood of waters drew back to the horizon. Overhead the sky was filled with dying light and coming shadows, and shadows also were the people flitting on sand and Esplanade under the yellow lamps. The grating roar of the tea, the fitful musico of a distant band of itinerant musiioans, made up the sounds of the scene. It was strange and beautiful, and taken in connection with the unknown errand on which I was bound, it made a profound impresslon on me. Up came a smart boy, in blue surge, with a yachting cap. He paused beside me and laughed; I recognised the laugh. It was Adelaide. She was dressed in that famous suit, and well it became her. There was no suaspioion of femininity about her. She stood there smiling, a bandsome boy, while I, taken by surprise, gaped at her like a zany. " Why did you dress like that i' I asked, when I recovered my breath. "For comfort. You surely wenldn't have me swing up the ship's side in pettlooats,"' she replied impatiently. "Come I we are late as it is." In silence we went down to the boat and jumped in, sitting down in the stern where it dipped Into the water. Ben Lun, up to his knees in the waves, pushed nu out, and then clambered aboard to handle the oars. The wind was up, and a salt spray freshened our feces as the oars dipped under and the hbat shot out into the gloom. Not a word did Adelaide speak during that long journey, but sat silently looking at the glittering lights of Manxby, a galaxy of yellow stars in the distancs. The boat gTiaed against the blaok sides of the ship, and here a rope-ladder dipped into the water. Up it alimbed Adelaide as active as any sailoer, and I followed. In silence shabe took my hand when on deck, and led me down-stalira to the well-remem bered cabin; From the door of Captain -Uyrus Borryi1 (To bs Continued.) We have no hesitation In advising our readers that the beoat house in the colony for Pumplng Pi.nts, Windmills, Paleos meters, Hydraulio Rams, Boiler Feed Pumps, Ejectors, Injectors, Boller Test Pemps, Engines, portable or stationary, Winding MIachinery, Rotary and Seine Rotary Pamps, for all liquids, water, milk wine, sand, &o.;, Artesian Well Pamps, and all material required in Irrigation schemes; also for Mlantelpieces, Gratoe, Fenders, Chandeliers, Baths, Bath Heaters, Basise, Lavatories, Closets, Urinals, and all manner of SanitaryWare, Engineera' and Plumbers' requisites Is JoHno DAos S &SON;, LIeuITED, 391 Bourke.streont, Meboure, "Don't sit so near the window, darling," said a spoony young German bridegroom to his bride on their wedding tour, "' let us try to keep the carriage all to ourselves. Some jackanapes is sure to get in ii he sees your pretty face 1" 'The same speaker, 30 years late---" Move up to tho window, old woman, so;that we may have the oompart' ment to oureloec ; you will frighten alljthe other poescngers.awoy, you know." 