jteins of interest. An eloctric swing at the World's Fair carries twenty-four persons, and swings a distance of 900 feet. A now paving material ' almost as poft as carpet to the tread ' will bo welcomed in the noisy London streets. Such a one exists consisting of blocks of granulated cork and bitumen compressed. The games of dominoes, chess, trictrao, baccarat, and lansquenet, have come from China and are very old, running back two or three thousand years B.C. The value of gold received at the United States Mint last yeajr was £20,000,000, or £4,-00,000 less than in 1891. The purchases of silver by the same institution was 54,129,727oz. Since 1873 no less than 458, 109,5_9oz. have been purchased by the United States Government at a cost of £95,000,000. A man weighs less at noon and Midnight than at sunrise or sunset, at tho time of new moon]and full moon, owing to tho moon's and sun's attraction then acbing togebher. In fnct he is subject to the same force which causes the tides. In 1875 the City of Richmond's time from Liverpool to New York was 7 days 19 hours 45 minutes. This record was beaten recenbly by nearly two days by the Campania. Pointers were introduced into this country from Spain in the middle of the last century. The act of ' pointing ' on the game being scented had at first to be carefully taught, but has now become instinctive. A block of zinc seven font long, six feot wide, and four feet thick, and weighing 14,000 pounds, is being sent from Arkansas to the World's Fair. The block is merely a lump broken off a solid mass of thirteecn and a quarter million pounds. The pulse of a newborn infant beats 130 or 140 a minute ; of a man from 21 to- 60, 70 or 75 a minute ; in old age, between 75 and 85. Scorpions are so numerous in the city of Duranco, Mexico, that the municipal autho rities have offered a prize to the person who kills the largest number. In general the city pays 60 cents a hundred for those killed and 80,000 were destroyed last year. The licensed hunters have the right bo enter Drivate houses and search for them. The variety which --abounds is the Centrums vittatits, the commonest scorpion in tho States, where it flourishes from Mexico to North Carolina.' Many of the Pittsburg glass companies aro placing plants in position to make gas, the natural gas supply having given out. The object is to avoid going back to solid fuel. The Post Office last year delivered 1,767,500,000 letters, 241,600,000 post- cartls 495,300,000 book packets, 162,500,000 news papers, and 49,378,365 parcels. An ingenious American claims to have in vented an engine that will propel a vessel of 5,000 tons at 35 miles an hour. Tho motive power is obtained from — sugar and chlorate of potash. Foxes are numerous in districts around the Cumberland Mountains and so rapacious that the shepherds of Buttermere have been burning lamps in the fields at night to scaro them, and even then many lambs have be--u snatched up. All the foxhounds of tlio mountain districts havebecnoutdoin^tiieir best to destroy the vermin, and the Bunca thra pack killed the forty-third fox a few days ago. A wonderful freak of nature in the vege table kingdom may be observed a short dis tance east of Ashbiirnham, Massachusetts. A tree, about the size of a large applc-treo has a limb about 18m. or 20in. in diameter. Persons have dug down and found but one root underneath, bub it has two kinds of foliage, that of a pine and that of an oak. fn the fall of the years burrs fall on one ;' le and acorns on the other. In Vienna, Austria, has been opened a postage-stamp museum, were more than 100,000 stamps may be seen arranged in - three large rooms. Among the rare speci mens are the stamps used in the balloon and ?pigeon despatches of the Franco-German. War in 187071 A bar of iron worth a sovereign, worked into horse-shoes, is worth £2 ; made into needles it is worth £70 ; made into penknife blades it is worth £657 ; made into balance springs of watches it is worth £50,000. American invention annihilates time. Raw whisky, it is affirmed, can be coverted into whisky twenty years old by a briel process, which cools the liquid to aboub 70deg. balow zero, and passes a current of electricity through the alcoholic solution. A horse can Iive25 days without so'id food, merely drinking water ; sevenbeen clay without either eating or drinking ; and only five days when eating solid food and not, drinking, says an experienced horseman. Seafish and shellfish are hatched artifici ally on an enormous scale in Norway and. North America. The Newfoundland hatchery turning out in one year fifteen millions of cod fry and four hundred millions of young lobsters. The largest lathe in the world has been constructed by Messrs. W. Sellers and Co., for theNavalGunshopat Washington, U.S A. It weighs 500,0001bs., and is 133ft. in length Its greatest height is 12ft., its greatest width 10ft. 6in.,andits boring capacity 16in. The new lathe is capable of turning oub guns with a 16in.-bore, more than one-third as big again as the guns now in use. One of the most ancient landmarks of England is Farnham Castle, the home of the Bishop of Winchester. It first became a fortress in the troublous times of Henry de b'lois, who was brother to King .Stephen and Bishop of^Winchester. It was taken in 1216 by Louis the Dauphin, but recaptured, and restored tothesee in 1218. In Hemy Ill's reign ib was partly destroyed, though soon afberwards rebuilt. Coleridge was nob only a fair naturalist, but even an astronomer. The star in tlio dark inside of the rim of the crescent moon, which has so often puzzled readers of the 'Ancient Mariner,' is an aclual pheno menon. On clear evenings, when the moon is in her first quarter, a bright star-like spot may sometimes be seen in the shadowed disc, at some distance from the bright Crescent. It probably is. however, not a star, but the light of the sun reflected from some lofty lunar peak. rhore aro still'natives in the Melanesian Islands who remember when a white mail was first soon and what he was taken to be. When Bishop Patterson landed at Mt.ta, for instance, ho entered nn empty hotwe, tho owner of whiuh had lately died. Thi3 settled the quo?bion : he was the ghosb of bhe late householder. The visitor, especially if he k a whaler, is soon discovered by his behaviour nob lo be a ghost, but bo cannot bea living num. for in that ease he. would bo black ; he is, therefore, probably a misehie \ousspnit, bmiginrr diccibennd dis-asier. ' I wonder if that is sheet music' she ia playing '' ' ''' Why 5' ' Well, it seems to fall more like a. \ye^ blanket on the company.' 