THE HOSPITAL ROW. MARY ANN ENLIGHTENS THE STRANGER. "I'm a housemaid here in Bundle-street, my name is Mary Ann, And I've got a masher sweetheart, a lawny-tennis man, And you?" "Well, I'm a stranger, who would hear about the row That's lmstin' up the Hospital, which is serious you'll allow." "O, very well, but come inside, there's no one in the kit-chin." " The very place," the stranger said, "to do a little pitchin. " Here, take a seat, don't be afraid, the boss is out to-night, And the missis she's bin in the snn, and isn't feel ing right. Well, the row, you know, it first broke out among them blessed nurses; Then Charley he went sailing in with many cheerful curses. The 'lections they was drawing nigh, and the Premier says, says be ''Twill set the masses, 'gainst the classes, and suit me to a T.' The doct-oTS then laid back their ears, and went for that'ere Premier, But which of 'em came out on top is more than I can teii yer; But in a body they resigned, and Charley then -• imported Two sawbones from another clime like pickles that's assorted. Sut. things somehow don't seem to gee, for since the new men came. The fire t-h it's bin a smouldering have bast into a fiame, For reports of operations which to close enquiry led, Have moved the people's pity, and filled their minds wif-h dread. So to soothe uneasy feeling a Board had "men ap | pointed. With Tucker as the Chairman, the Premier's own anointed, | And Comnbs, the early-closing man, great Charley's fellow barracker, I With Mrs. Blank and Mrs. Dash, both ladies of I good character. Twas nice to gaze upon that Board, the Jlayor in the chair, ~ With Mrs. Dash on liis right hand, so -gay and Wlebonair, And Mrs. Blank, who's trimly built, in gorge-ona array, AndCoombB the football barracker, all eager for the fray. Mow, with one o' them 'ere ladles, you see. 1m well acquaint, And strange to say, she powder scorns, nor does Tjfihe ever paint, „ Which proves that she's a angel—and may St. Bridget bless her— Tliat's bow she found it easy to flummox the Pro-, feasor." "Butpardon me," the Stranger said, " was that 'ere Board appointed To enquire about the patients who had died and bin disjointed, ■ And to cross-examine Doctors and Professors of pathology, - And put 'em straight on questions that affects symptomatology?" "Of course," the housemaid quick replied, "for who'd be bettor fitted Than Mayors, and tootball barr&ckers;, and ladies ready witted. With high attainments such as these,- not one would hesitate To steer a modern man-o'-war, or guide the Ship-o' State. But somehow there is still a bitch, in spite of foreign labour, Yet the Premier swears he'll import more, for that's his only saviour. 'These Englishers,' says be, 'will put the local men to rout For daring for a moment an Autocrat to flout.'" The Stranger man he mused awhile, with eyes fixed on the-floor, Then he gazed upon the maiden and then toward the door. , liis eyes grew wild; his cheeks grew pale; and, murmuring low and sad, lie whispered, " Are the people here stark, staring, raving mad? And when," cried he, " do steamer sail for foreign distant clime?" " For Cannibal Islands?" said the maid; "there's one as sails at nine." He grabbed his hat, rushed through the door, nor stay'd to say good-bye, But bee-line made towards the Port with horror in his eye. He streaked it through the Bowden bricks, through Hindmarsh and Kilkenny, Nor yet for Alberton's sandhills he didn't care a penny. And people cried, as terror-sweat from pallid brows they va'ped, "'Tis surely some poor sinful ghost a flying round to-night." He reached the wharf; the steamer's off; but with a mighty bound That Stranger man stood on her deck, and lie was safe and sound. And then, as soon as he found breath, lie lifted up his voice, And bless'd ill's stars that he'd escaped, and loudly did rejoice. " For cannibals I much prefer," said lie, " to cruel folk, Who treat the sufferings of the sick as 'twere a glorious joke, Who set their football barrackers to badger their Professors, And crown with laurel and with bays, an Autocrat's caressers." John Richards. 