TOPICS OFTHE WEEK SuHenirFaite's death haa cone lOttthe iopplii^ 4m of » pad M tit« fboR btn{bibin bm toac bueof foihee. He wmrifirfd bit jqistitint Iff liogaiiig ia jmbitc life, too long, aa a man gifted with SBBtol virility ud jiuwmiBK QBlimited /^IMwi<M>iiihi^f»^W«l^fca in dow Had i&ciieaB;^ia» ten |p^|ptd>m like the great' rt>(M»n whom it was hia pride to imitate, and ty Mtrtigg ioBt times to caiinalw, he btR vithr 2n«i> la faif|)T tlacbni Aetmiim which he bad wooap najr triumph*.-Bat darinc bffe loof life be had not the pcaoiacal Qtpaeifjr either toukcmouTor he tried manrTmtai«a,lt>cindiaK lbepahtiU^ lug of a daily paper. Soti«waaaa4epm<!eat at SO as he had been at TB, orGO, or SD for . position la pabiio Hfe for Iba means of tann* In. ordinary comfort." TWa reflecton impartaa taosh olnarinow to Ak submitted the proposal. : Ail tk' Omnow, and «tbti»4ntli4( the xeaerkabl« aun all feeling except sympathy and aocxouir it at end. Mr. Rdd, whose attaiifatni^f flfe PKmiexahip vend Sir Heniy Parke*, and brought aome of Sir Henqfo least srfaiiiahle qualities into pyoariatno^ «n «mmbs Ok laattotakethedtfi^ptatcaaaBivtfcehaad. For thoae whom Sir Hemqr fUkn-bai left behind it will, no doabt, be the pleasing duty of Parliament in thenaftte of the . people he did so modi foe, to make doe pro fvision. Ihat istbeleMt tlMt fa tlae to hia memory. The career 01 Sir since the I day be landed ia SydntMHsriyWyesisago, jail almoat pmnilia fonfe'fian 'ginning, bam, equipped with nothing bottjonaqf. 'man's skill in tamingivory. waa thro*tfi |ont a combat withaocial difficulties. Some think that H is not -bad. training [ for . man 'to'have to fighihitnhvnrii, I The straggle develops any gnat qualities he may have in him. Batif itisbardaiid ceaseless, and the oombatantiswitboot prudepoe, opportunities are misaa^(bccaase there is time only fbafightfngjof cahivating Hie gracee whid} in this fingularwotld aft a greater help to getting on than nwjiMaialiiiK talents; while smMesa acbiered by eooqoe«t tion,whichr<iarnfa6ppoati6nanddfteabtion. Sir Henry fiufcea made Ins way upwards combatively, ftd when be reachedtheheight hia ambititioo sought, unww made him arrogant Wben forming a Cabinet he by preferdEce selected nobodies, ao that bis voioe ehoald be the only one heard. This answered veiy wdlin tbeslacfctime, between the dying off of bis old opponents and rivals and the coming forward of new men, bat it made trouble as soon as the new men felt their footing. The new men would not be sat upon, and Sir Hrnry Parkea was aaade a ware as be grew old, in * way Ant tombed his pride, that he waa bat first among equals, not absolute ruler. Men understanding Sir Hewy Parkea well, like Mr. M'Millan and Mr. Barton, say that hia greatest quSiy waa bis courage. It looked great in him bo donbt because it is rare among otr so-called leaders. He did not care in the least for dnsow, and when he considered be was right be held straight on, even though be saw defeat coming. He always acted as If he believed. things would come right before long, and he played the game of politics in the bags way. He never delayed resigning whs be fend fata forces inaufikaeiit, no doabt beeanse he believed that the' sooner "be gate way the sooner he would ba called bade And though, being mortal, he often made mis takes, he never at any lime iac&»4 the dis faroorand reproach which have not in frequently coma upon other Anatolian Premiers after they have had their lease power. Neither did hia readiness, in saying bitingthings about everybody-l&inga; that told effectively in fcpeciAiea pttndcE ani mosity tiut endured beyoad a few days. Ofafi the men who hare been Premiers in Kfw South Wales under coastitutiooal go vernment be was the ablest. He could not eurpasa Sir Jolin Robertson In devotion to New South Wales, bat he stupeasedhim in executive capacity and breadth oi interest He was not slippery like Gowper, nor big and bounoeable like Dibfca. He atrore after fame, and enjoyed basking ia it,* bathe came tgr it as the reward of public act viae, openly performed. And if he always wanted to be first, and did not cite to move unless be coald be first-aa in bis federation policy-it was keeaase be knew himself to be the strangest and most capable of the aMftteadefmg for responsibility. There azengtmaay namn to be inscribed on Iflttm of the Aus tralian scroll ot tone, thoagherery year wn its batch of candidates bidding for dis tinctkm, the jack- a-napea of pofiBcs making the most clatter and dii|3anng the most "cheek." Among theTlew SrHenry Pukes has a high ptaor. XCsia Ike wist potent naae ia hew Spath Wiplea blstaiy since Wentwqrth'a. . , ,, jrip;jSf WUbi* scheaie iarenated j»t6lfiB|liitf report. ^ficaltf, or the anuation. waa atarted with altogether tooKmnapHld. Jtosacmg wss ieaortedto, at l|h'^K%niK funds wbkfaaboaldl^^ftte the ahan^ huMen; the **3 limited, it ooald ** jM®'Its oW%at»»a, and liquidation waathsjaevitaMe fmdag Itaaay be fairly dofAtedwfcether the Messrs. Chafer eves expeotedtofcueio meet tte obligation* the nissjwm mjr&jm-; ?"**? \- .. . with a few oeasful on As . at As ftesfic In' fbenflB* imi-^':i|aidMtr''IniptKxi ookafc* « kMtiM* ewT^^^^M^OMdeiasBd an» Sortji ApM j "riiTiTi ihmiiai ya settlement' Parliamentwas indudedto pass niodily'Of? schemes, but^ that kind . of help only temporarily staved affthe evil day. The company went into licpiiaation ; its Affaire )mve been laid open beforea curious public, and the settlers nre now dependent on what Government will do tor them. It will be fin awful mistake if the Milaura eettlement ia allowed to collapse, as it must do if the irri gation works are not put on a thorough working footing. Without water the settlers cannot curry'on in a locality which has a magnificient soil and fine river front age, but little or no rainfall. The affairs of the Chaffey Company ore now only of minor interest. They concern merely the creditors, and such people as make a study of the rise, decline, and fell of sanguine financial under takings. . - At the annual gathering in Wellington of the New Zealand Society which gives its attention to what ia called social parity, the committee presented a report drawing thia deduction from its experience during the past year: .. That, the note of warning which we sounded last vear ns to the decay or the ' hotne life ' was needed, and requires to be sounded again and again, until the pulpit and the l>ress shall make it ring throtitfh the land front end to end.- We ate convinced ^that no ?i hinjt but are vival of the BriMehhwne life tjarveucoeas fully cope with many of .those.evils your jwoiety has specially to grapple with.* And then the meeting, over which the Earl of Glasgow, the Governor, presided, pro ceeded, with the inconsistency usual on such occasions, to pass resolutions demanding "stringent legislation." If the true source of the evil is the decay of home life, how is stringent"legislation going to cure it? The end of Btringent legislation is and only can be gaol life. We are making the people moral by oaBting them into prison, some what like the Inquisition, which 'burned heretics at the stake to save their BOUIs. Societies composed principally of ladies place great reliance on stringent measures. Their stand-by is the policeman and the prison warder. The National Counoil of Women, who met in Christoharch at about the Bame time that the Parity Society sat in Wellington, resolved first that the police force should be greatly improved in efficiency; and secondly, that the age of consent should be raised to 21. Women claim to be the mental equals and moral superiors of men at all ages. Girls carry off University honours and obtain places on the staff of the Melbourne Hos pital ; but when what are called social sins are under consideration we send a Bacohus Marsh Boy of 10 to gaol under the Crimes Act, and pronounce a, girl of 20 years 11 months and 29 days incapable of under standing the nature and consequences of im morality. The logic of women in council is divinely beautiful. How the act for the pre vention of social impurity is working in all its aspects we are not in a oosition to say, but one thing must have been gene Tally noticed and generally lamented-viz., the frequency with wliioh girln of -tender years now bring forward monstrous charges which they afterwards confess to be without foundation. Knowledge of the Grimes Act and the opportunities jt affords has not been long in in itB spreading down into the nursery. Much talking by the platform woman about then stringent laws-her favourite delicacy-and the prominence given to the occasional enforcement of such laws are together tending to establish in "innocent" minds the doctrine that respon sibility is for theOne party and no liability for the other, llence stringent laws appear to be increasing the crime they should check, and all the time purity committees admit that the decay of home life is the sou roc of evil. Parents exercise great caution when the Tantanoola tiger is reported to be in the district, or a savage dog loose in the stteets, or the Caulfield ghost on his rounds Ly nieht, but none whatever when , their children are liable to fall into the hands of a " criminal" whom stringent laws pronounce to be as bad as the burglar or footpad. (j The South Australian election has left things very much as they were, 8orte old members have heen left out and some new men have come in, bat parties bear about the same proportion to each other as before. This ppeaksarell for the popularity of the Kingston Miuistry and the organisation of the labour party, with which it is in friendly relations,' and ill for the Opposition. For hitherto each general eleotion has undone the voting ofthepreyious one, and given that turn' to the. whirligig which .puts tbeinB out and the ontain. TheMinUftry is lucky in having opposed to it a dis integrated Opposition. Sir John Downer ia only nominal leader ; and there is no one upon whom the responsibility and confidence withheld from him can be oonferred. We trein a similar state of ohaos and drift in Victoria. Most of the speaking was done by Mr. Symon, Q.C., who was not himself a candidate. He chaffed Mr. Kingston, who gibed back, and a considerable number of-the electors were favoured with amusing comedy. So conspicuous was the place filled by Mr. Syuon aa the Aristophanes of the elections that our lit. Tfenwith,on As one night he «>nid spare for that purpose during hitaty in Adclai4c, made oo* of Mr. Symon'a »»rt»hes the test f* ?*#&&&£ tyl own-si* add** tWcltshowed Ho#' ? very quickly out RiohugoM orator ottuld iwcuw ' the manners he jit cwded The women* Yt|^A#y^MliU to i JeftoQt, It would . ??? curiosity to have the. question is Boj^x>8ed to );e of special interest to women-favourable to tbe.intro duction. of religions instruction presumably wrote yea oil theballot paper, yet there wen on Qverwhelminfi majority- for maintaining the existing secular system intact. The re sult is instructive. It shows how greatly the agitation promoted l>y some of the denomi nations has been overrated. As South Aus tralia claims to be a " religious " community the vote may be accepted as the best likely to be recorded for religious instruction in any pott of the continent. j When womanhood suffrage was agitated for in South Australia some of the lady orators said that they wanted A vote in order to in troduce purity into public life. The experi ence of the general election which is just over justifies the smile which the statement provoked. Gentle (lattery is the light and airy incense which the sex likes to inhale, and sometimes the state of the market obliges it to help itself. Severe ladycritics, when they | choose to be outspoken, say unflattering j things about its sense of honour and its re-1 spect for its word; but they properly dei^ to i men the candour of speech which they allow themselves. We hare not a wonl to say; against the women of South Australia for being of like flesh with the masculine voters. Is not their origin and their bringing up the j same ; are they not in daily, perpetual co operation ? And we never expected anything but what bss happened. When it came to the point,the W.C.T. LT. committee would not, dare not, publicly name the candidates they vished the ladies to vote for, because they j knew, that some of such candidates were as "wicked" as Thomas Wharton and as audacious as John Wilkes. They gratefully voted for the politicians who had obtained the suffrage for the»u,who had praised them, and | who had on eve^y occasion " kootooed " to them. In vnin did Mrs. Lucy Coleman, who was numberedamongthe austere W.C/f.U.'s,; grieve over the reticence of the sister- j hood "I, personally, would prefer that women should have do vote, rather than that they should use it for men of had character, under the false and mis chievous idea that they are bound to support those who have passed measures in their favour. I also exceedingly regret that the Allianeeand Temperance Setct, in a list of candidates given with the avowed object of aiding its readers * in waking their choioe,' should have included the names of men to whom those who are working for 'God, home, and humanity' cannot conscientiously pivc their sup port." « ?'Many weeks ago," wrote another lady, " Mrs. Nicholla was plainly asked whether her organisation was determined to oppose (he election of men of immoral character, 'With many othere I have; "waited for her -answer, but she has kept an astonishing ana significant silence." liut business is busi ness/and women are the same as men. High morality has not that .place in politics which the-austere among the ladies suppose. The light'in the sky is not the dawning of a new and superior Christianity. If in her own jovejy sphere-the home-she has not en-' tirely succeeded in transforming the race-it, alais, Lady Gay makes h*r appearance in the Divorce Court exactly as often a? Captain Lothario-men would be mean and hypo critical, as well as exacting, if, taking her at her word, they carped nt her vote because it was given to the same " bad" candidate as tltey were voting tor themselves. "Let us," ?aid a great writer, "clear our minds of cant." Whether a principle is to be considered good or bad appears to depend on circum stances. Wh'n a strike occurs in any trade, and the employers attempt to carry on by in troducing workmen who are glad to accept the wages which men on the spot decline, there is class indignation. So far has the indigna tion gone that violence has been resorted to to prevent the new oomera from landing, and, if they get ashore, to prevent them from en tering upon their duty. An item which has frequently appeared in programmes of political organisations taking up ad vanced views has been a bill to prohibit the bringing in of " foreign " workmen to occupy ftife places of local workmen on strike. Amerioan, Uew Zealand, and Australian labour organisations have at various times desired legislation to that end. In the absence of such legislation, the course pur sued has been to issue proclamations warn ing or appealing to foreign workmen not to come, All workmen ate considered foreign who live outside the colony in which the strike oocurfe. A New Zealander is con sidered a foreigner by the Queensland unions, and an Australian shearer is a foreigner and' an intruder wheal he crosses the Tasman Sea to sheaf in New Zealand. Let ns «e how the principle is regarded when it telis against ah advanced politichwi. The South Australian Premier by hi* hfcb-barided pro ti<>n. They were geatleinenwho received ho pay. They Rave tlieir services for the sake of the praotioe andexperience whioh a hospital affords. Mr. Kinnton hah, finding that be oan get no local men of standing to take the vacant plaoes, advertised for " foreign work men," He invitee medical men to come from Guy'a Hospital, London, and from the point of view of an advanoedpolitioiap, Londonis ritoated in a f9reign oountry. Some <)f the Adelaide nWtoal met! fiave wired home jriviag tM fact* 0? the case; and Mr, King La bu denounced them for their on conduct What would he: eajr if. smjnmlnir an? men fromGuy's came, the Adelaide' ddotois were to meet the *hip at wliarfj andj on findit« thrt wis ofno avail, were to threaten to fling tMm intb the water if they dared to set' foot o» ' to the /brtiin for March, J*. * well-known French writer. ? £SiSSSSSSr country. He ^nds thatthe Am«J»n«amw i» le* honwweous than the trotted in the same interest*. ( tlmeis has been less mortified in the Latin countries of Europe and America than else where, It is recognised in France that the father's tluty is to govern and provide forliis Household, to increase the inheritance left him by his ancestors and the dowry brought him by his" wife, having in return an im portant voice in deciding what the career 6f his sops shall, be. On the mother rests the, responsibilities of household management, and, above all, the enre of her daughters, <who are guarded like Jittle children until they are tRarried. In America both father and mother have far less influence over their children. The son at an early age chooses his own avocation, friends, wife, with very little thought for the views of his family: While the daughters are almost equally free trora the maternal control, .have their own associates and amusements, and generally marry to please themselves. The contrast between the" two systems has often been' noticed before, but their relative merits have seidoni been weighed with so much im partiality as by M. Hentzon. He lias a keen eje to recognise Die advantages and defects of each, while as a Frenchman naturally leaning, if anything, to that of his own country. lie admilB that' there is greater in dryiduutity and independence of character in Anierifea; bat, on the other hand, there is far' lefefrcvcrenee for age and authority. The inference be draws is that America is young and immature compared with France, and it js natural in immature civilisations "that any thing should be sacrificed to those who re present progress, hope, intense life." M. Bentzon takes exception to the habit of Americans of running to all points of the compass in search of knowledge and health. He thinks it would be to the advantage of rich and blasi Americans if, instead of harrying over to Europe and seeking change in the old-world cities, they would refresh themselves from time to time by making the acquaintance of the good provincial customB of their own country aud the many European things they would find in the New England villages, in certain corners of the West, and in the Southern StateB. America now has unisatsUies, pnlriic libraries, picture galleries, and museums in abundance, aad why, then, should it be necessary to go to Europe for intellectual culture, as it was when these in stitutions were wanting? This constant travelling to the old world produces a certain superficiality as well as lack of originality and mental independence. The French writer, however, recognises that the severe education of the American girl agrees very well with those who never marry, and that the angle womaninthe United States is in finitely superior' to her European sister, who looks forwards' to marriage as the sole path toiiberty, ? 