THE N R OVE L IS T, , The ILystery of the In ; ORt THE DISCOVERY IN THE HIDDEN .CHiAMBER. A STORY OF TRIEACHERY, CRIME, . AND IlR3EORSE. S CHAPTER XXVI. FOR TIIHE LAST TIME. SMy eyes turnecd immedialely in the di rection of the arert chamber. Its cu trance was closed, but I knew she was hidden there as well ao if the door had ben open and I Ihadl seen her. What should I dl, For a moment I hesitated, then I ruched from tile rom and hastened back to Mt. Felt. I found him standing with his face to the door, enagerlj awaiting my return. - r "What has happened 10" heo asked, im portunately. "Your face is as pale as death." d- Becau; e dathis in tho houto. lia dame-' "'.All !" " Lic. not in ler bed. nor is she to Ie .'foundin- her rtom.. There is another place, hlowever, in whilch instincte telle nle e sltdl ti;: heir. a:d if we do, weo s-all find he:r--d':"--!'s-- .... "In her daot.htitr's room? At hlier dauhtelcr's bedsoide ?" ".o ; in tihe secret clhamber." Ic gazd a: me withi wild aotd haggard aspect. " You are right," hlie ihoarelyvssert ted. "L-t ito go; let us seek her; it may not be ton late." The entrance to this hIl:d!en room was cloc'.d, as I av. aidi, a:d :n I had neveri assilsted at its opeting, I did ntot know where to fnd thie hidliten sl;ring bhr means of ichich t]I panel watn moved. We had, ithlerer're, to etndure minutate if luspencll: while Me,. Felt fnmblred at the wainscot ins. The candle I held shook with my naitlatiht, and tlioti I. lhad heard no titiig of the, storm before, it seemed now as if crery guot which ecamo swoopin, down iupon the hoouse tore its way throughl i:ly olhrihkinL COItaciousle-Ss witti a force and mnoare titt stttered t'e last rem nant of s,'l-iolsession. Not an instant in ihe whole terrible day had been more fr;ilhtfitl to men, Io. niot the moment lwhen I first heartd thIe sliding of this very panel aoiil the- sn8t:nd of her cr.wling form ap tpaehtlng tie thronghl the dal;.ness. The ivid fIl.slres oif lightnini that sholt every nor:w and then through thie cracks of theim cl-.ely slhuttered: winldow, making a *-1;-il-?- f its itofeom,-trr. n.Lh.i n.t a little to my terror, there being no other light ill thle roon irave that and the flickerinlg, almlost dying flamenc, with which I strove to aid Mr. Felt's endea vors and only succeeded is lighting up hIis anxious and heav.ily bedewed fore heid. "tOh, ohl!" was n:y moan; " this is terrible ! Let us rsuit it or go around to Iy Owll rou?t, wlore there is an open door." ut heo did s:o. hear me. His efiorts hadl becimle framtic and he tore at the wainsa:otintr as if he rcould force it open by :main stren'th. - SYoul cannot reachi her that wayr," I .nledgr..&. "1, .?nt,r .,ty. hndcl titty t tut hle omly increased tis efforts. * " I mt c,.neig. Mrah; I alt comina !" he called, and at once, as if uided by some angel's touchl, his fitneres slippled upon thle sprilng. In:oediltelyit yielded and the opening so eage ly ounghlt for swa niade. "Goin," hle gasped, "go in." And so it was that the fate whilich Ihad forcetl meagainst my trill, antdi in despite of such intense shriiking to pass so fro quintly into that ildeots spot, where death hchl its revel and Nemesis awaited its victim. drove me thither once again, n::d, as I now hope. f r the last time. Fur. there upon the llir, and alntnst in the 00am spot wOher e we had found lylIn: the rcenains of innoeent Itinnore rqll hart, we \r? , as mthy premonition hal told me she -slshould, the outstretclhed form of the unhlappy bing who had tusrped her plhace it lif., m tdni~Ria n re triht-itin for that act, lhadl laid her head down upn the samle cotchi in death. She was pulneles? atd qitoe cold. Up m her lamoth lher lefte halnd lay piressed, as if. with her last breath, ashe sauolit to absorb the p:ie kish -which had been left there by the dauglhter sne no imuch loved. A LAST WORD. Did Maralh Leighton will the conming of her.old Ilver to my inn on that fatal night That is tihe question I asked, wh]en, with the first breaking of the mornirg light, Idiscovered 13ing on the table under an empty p!hial, a litter ad. dressed, not to her husband, not to her child, but to him Mark Felt. It is a qoruestion that will never be an Swered, blt I know that he comforts hinmself with the supposition, and allows the treinmblin- hope to pass, at times, across his troubled spirit, that in the bitternrso of those last bourr some touch of the Divine mercy may have moved her soul and made her fitter for his memory to dwell upon. The letter I afterwards read. - It was as follows: -. To Tr?e )MA Wso GArve At, or.e ALt, REAreD NOTIING BUT Surrri"so: I am not worthy to write yeou, even with the prospect of 'death before me. But an influence I do not care to combat, drivesme to inake jou, of all men, the confidant ol my remorse. Idid-notd perlsh sixteen years ago in the Ihidson River. Ilived tonshare in and profit by a crime that has left an inrelill staisn upon my life, and an inflfaceable darknens within my soul. Yon know, or soaon will know, what that crime was. and how we orospered in it Darins as it was dreadful. I beard its fearful detoils planned by his lips, without a shudder, because I was mad in those days, mad for wealth, mad for power, mad for adventure. The only mad ncss I di, not feel was love. This I say to comfort a pride that must bnivc: been sorely wounded in those days, as sorely wounded as your heart. EIwin lrquhlart could make my eyes shine and my blood run swift:)y, but not so _swiftly as to make inme break my tioth with you, hadl be not sworn to me ihat through him I shonld gain what m red me more lthan any man's love. How I,: was to nac. :amplish this I could not ens. in the becin. ning, and was so little ered,.: .1s of his being able to keep his oaths thalt [ let myself he :rawn by yoe almost to thi chlreh door. But I got no further. Toere in the crowd he stood with a command in his eyes which forbade any further advance. Though I comprehended nothing thenr, I obeyed his look and went back, for my heart was not in say marriage, and it was in the hopes to -wh~ie bh _?_ks nned-tn poDt Later-he -told me what those hopes were. Hl had been down to Long Island, and. while there. jild ebanced to hear in some tarern of the HIppy.lo.Lubcky inn and its secret clam. her, and he saw, or thought he saw, bow he could make me his without losing the bene fit of an alliance with Miss Dudleigh. And I thought I saw also, and entered into his plans, though they comprised crime and en tailed horror upon me from which women naturally shrink. I was hard as the nether millstone of which'the Bible speejs, and went determinedly on in the path of dissi. mulation and crime which had been marked out for me, till we came to this inn. Then, owing, perhaps, to my long imprisonment in the dreadful box, I began to feel qnulms of physical fear and such harrowing mental forebodings, that more than once during that'terrible evening I came near shouting for release. Cut I was held back by apprehensions as great asany from which a premature release from my place of hiding could have freed me. I ldared not face Honorn, annd I dared not subject Edwin Urquhart to the conse. quences of a public recognition of our perfidy, and so I letmy opportunity go by, and became the shiarer, as I was already the instigator, of the unbeard-of crime by which I became, in the eyes of the world, his wife. What I sfnered during its perpetration no word of mine can convey. I cringed to hdr manns; I shook under thle blow that stifled them. And when all was over, and the bolts which confined me were shot back, and I found myself once more on my feet and in the free air of this most horrible of rooms. I looked abbot, not for him, but her, and when I did not see her or any tokei of her death, I was seiz?d by such an agony of revulsion that I uttered a great and irre. nreosible cry whichilledthe house,_anL brought more than one startled inquirer to our doo100r. For retribution and remorse were already busy withlin me, and in the lurking shadows about the fire place I thought I saw the lcnr and narrow slit made by the half. closed panel standing open between me and the secret place of her entombment. And thouhr it was but an optical delusion, the panel being really closed,it might as well hare been the truth, for I have never been -able-to-rid myself of-the-sight of that chi- mcrienlcl strip of darkness, with its tugges. tions of guilt and death. It haunted my vsion; it ruined my life; it destroyed my peace. If I shut my eyes at night it opened before me. If I arrayed myself in jewels and rich raimant, eni paused to take but a p -.ing l k at mys. lf- in-the-gl .?- - this horror immediately came-between-me- and my own image, blottino the vision of wealth from my eyes: so that I went into the homesof the noble or the courts of the king a clouded, miserable thing, seeing nothing but that Ilack and narrow slit closing upon yoallt anl beauty and innocence forever and forever and forever. My clhiln came. Ah I that Ishonld have to mention her here ! I do it in penance,; I do it in despair; since with her my heart woke, and for her that heart is now broken, nevere to be healed again. 0, if the know ledge of my misery wakens in you one thought that is not of revenge, cast a pity ein eye uipon this darling one, left insa hbate. fol country without friends. without lover. wathont means. For friends and lover and means will all leave her with the revelations wichl the morning will bring, unless Heaven is merciful to iher innocence as it Ihas been just to my guilt, she will have no other oaln before her than that which has opened its refuge for me. As for her father, let Heaven deal with him. ie gave me this darling chid;ll so I may not curse him, even if I cannot bless, MARAu?. OcTOBER 23, 1701. I have seen one bright thing o-dnay, and that was the faint and almrost un earthlygleanm snirie shot for a momenit Stold her htl loe wahs and how the mns quis only awaited her permrission to speak, to assure her of his borundleas nf feeior, and his unrdying purpoae to be true to her even to tire point of assuming hlier griefs and taking upon himrself the pirotection of hlier innocence. If it had not been for this, I should Ihave felt that the world was too dirk to remain in, and life was too huorrble to be endured. iNor.tne.nR 30, 1791. I thought that when Hoolra Urquhart left my hinae to be mnarried to .I. De Fontaine in the church below the hill, pece could return to us once mnore. But there is r.o peace. Thismorning another hlerible tragedy defiled my door step. 1 was sitting in the open porch waiting for the mail coach, for it seemed to me ThIlit -?si?s-iiiut finie-T received somo wnid from Mr. Tamworth. It was yet some minutes before the time wlen the rumlle of the coach is usually lheard, and I was brooding, as was natural, over the more thin terrible occurrences offlhe last few weeks, when I heard the clatter of horses' hmfs, and looking up and down the road, saw a small patty of men ap. proaching from the south.As they came eacarer, 1 noticed that one of thoe riders was whlite-haired and prestumably aged, and was, interesting mwelf- in- him;-when he came near enough for mo to recoaene ISs feartures, and I perceived it was no other than Mfr. Tamworth. Rising in perturbation, I glanced at the men behind and abrest of him, and saw that one of these rode with lowered her.d and an oppressed mien, and was just about to give that person a iname is, my mind, when the hlorse he bestrode sud denly reared, bolted, and danshed forward to where I sat, flinging hia rider at the very threshold of my house, wher e helay senseless as the stone uponwhich. his head had fallen. Fior an instant both his compalnions and myself paused aghast at a sight so ter rible and bewildering; then, amtid cries fromn the road and one wild shlriek from withlin, I rushed forward, and turning over thie head,looked upon the face of the fallen man. It was not a now one to moe. Thoaugh changed ands-eamed-atnd-whi?e - now in death, I recogniscd it at once. It was that of Edwin Urqulart. This noon I took down the sign whichl Inas swung for twenty years over my front door. "Happy-Go Lucky'" is scarcely the name for an inn aecurced by so many horrors. Fennu?Y 3, 1792. This week I have fulfilled thle tlhremt of years ago. I have had the oak parlor and its hideous adjunct torn from my house. Now, perhaps I can sleep. MIArcn 10. News from Honora. The distant rela tive lwho succeeded to the estaths and lhe title of thle Marquis do la lIRtehe-lGuiet has fallen a victio to-the guiliatine. WTould this have been tlhe fate of II,. nora's husband had hlie fornaken her and returned htome? There is reason to be lieve it. At all events, she liunds here!f greatly comforted by this netws for the sacrifice which hier husband made to his love, and no linger regrets the exile to whichl hlie ha been forced to submit for her sake. Wonderful, wonderful iPrvi denco! I view its workings with renewed awe every day. SErvBnER 5, 1795. I have been from bome. I have been on a visit to New York. I have tasted of clihango, of briglhtiesoof ifree said cheerful living, and I can settle' down now in this old end fast decaying inn with something else to thiink aboint than ruin and fearful retribution. I have been visiting Madanme Do Fan taine. She wished ime to come, I think, that I migllt see how amply her marri d life Ihad fullilled the lromise of her coorlship days. Though sht and he'r noble hlusLband live in 'peacefnl' retire ment, and witloutt Innny of thile appurto-eL nacrs of wealthl, they find such re sources of delighlt in each other's cott* panionship that it would be hard for the most exacting witness of their mutual felicity to wish them anydifferent fate,; or to desire for them any wider Gfield 'of secial inflluenec. The mnrquis-I shall always call hIlim thuls-hons'folllnd a friend in General Wanlsinaton, land though he is never ecen at the President's receptions, or mingles his voice in the councilO of his adopted country, there are evidences contantly sppcarine of the confidence reposed in him by this great man, which cannot but add to the exile's contentment and satis faction .. . Honora has developed into a grand beauly. The melancholy which :her u. happy memories havys. necessarily infused. into her countenance have given depth to her expression, which ,wana -atwys sweet and frequently touching., She - looks like a queen, but like a quleen who ha.hsknown_ not'.only grief,hbutloe._ There is nothing of despair in her glance, rather a lofty hope, and when her nffec-. tions are touched, or her entllhusiasmn roused, she smiles with such a heavenly brightness in- her coutaenance, that I think there is no fairer woman in tho world,-as' I am assured there is ihone worthier. Her husband agrees with me in this opinion, land is o happy that'ahe said to -ne-oneday-:- - "I somotimea wonder- how my heart succeeds in holding the joy which Hfleaven has seen fit to grant'me. In it I read the fogiveness of God for the' unutterable ins'of -my parenlts; and althollgh':the shadows will come, and do come, when ever I think uon the past, or see a face whlich, like yours, recalls memories as bitter as ever overwhelmed an innocent - girl in her first youth, I 6find that, withy every year of love and peaceful living, the darkness grows. Iess, as if, somewhere in the boundless heavens, the mercy of God. wias making itself felt in the heart of her who once called herself my mother." And hearing her speak thus, 1 felt my own breast lose something of the opprea sion wwhich hlid hitherto weighed it down. And. as the days passed, and I ex perienced more and more of the true peace that comes with perfect love and perfect trust, I found my tears turned to rejoicing, and the story of my. regrets into songs of hope. And so I have come back coinforted and at rest. If there are yet ghosts haunting the old in, I do not see them, and though its walls are dismantled,:its custont gone, and its renown a thing' of' the past, I can still sit on its grass-growrn doorstep atd roam through its fast de caving corridors without discoverimg 'sny blacker shladow folloeine me than that of my own figure, bent now with age, and only hold upright by the firnmness of the' little cane with which I strive to give aid to my tottering and uncertain steps. - . 'Ohto-ae-,,l.Ct od.C.ln.hnsfllsn at-.'l Is (TnE EcD.) -fansr Burro has geireats l the folil ing recipa for making every day happy : When you rise in the morning, form a resolution to make the day a happy one to'a fellow creature. Ilt is easily done; a left-off .gar. ment to the man who needs it, a l:iid word to the sorrowfcl; an encouraging :S'roEion0 to the striving, tr:fl?es in themselie: ' .light as asir, will do it, at last for the 24 nours;- and if yoen are yoUSe, depend upon it, itwill tell when you are old, and if you're old, it will send you gently and happily down lhb stream of human time to eternity. By the most simple and srithmetical som, look at the result : You send one person, only one, bsppily through the day-tlhat is 805 in the course of the year; andesupposing you live only 40 years after commencing that eourse of medicine, yeou have made 11 600 human baings happy, at allevesnts for a time.-- Now, is not this simple? It is too short for a sermon, te homely for- ethimtoo-easily an comolished for you to say: I would if I oeld." - Guests -It ish always rather startlieg whoa a be?et turns fractious nn the hands ot her entertainers?oho in all likelihcod dotheir best to please. Sfch a slapse of goodmanncirs ' may be patiently endured; but the only pleas. ant feature of sunh a visit is the day of de parture. People of tile - are not sgrerable anywhere; they are cut on the bias and sill always be a little askew. But the per-on of average good nature and intelligence can, by -observinge-everal-rulee-at -set-aveid brig -i positively tedious, if not at all times et.ter taining. When expecting to be met at the elstation, be sure and state the day of the week as well as month, and the train on which you will arrive. le Eure to send the letter several days in advance, cpecially if to the country; it mry erave you a day of weary waiting at some outlof-the-way place. One should adjuet'ateae, Eight, smell, etc., to the different conditions of the homes she visits. It is far from pleasant to feel that our guest has, with the plummet-line of her au perior wisdom, fathomed our shallows in do. meestic economy or family government, found a disaqreeable odor or dircovered the "skele ton" in our clEoset. Agasin, make it a point to eat breakfast withll the family, no matter how early the hour, thou-,h_yoe!sovvters in. siats that you '"ccdl not do it." You hkne nmple time for an afternoon nap. DJ not follow your friend abos t while eak is busy with demestic duties. Choose that time for a quiet rambhle, or letter writing in your owrrncom. _Doj.not hlave your pereenal be longinge strewn all over it or ove the house. Some visitors who are very notional about their apartments when at home, still act as though they had special license to keep their frienda' eparo room in a pandemonie state. Whes leaving, be sure the room is in perfect order. Do not put your clothes into the family ashb unless certain it will not incom mode; even then always pay the servant, if one is kept. It is only the ignorant who attempt to entertain their friends the entire day; it is very annoying. Leave them awhile each day for their private reflections and dutics. A truly polite guest will try to be equally agreeable to each member of the family, and by noticing some awkward or Ehy bild may do much towards developing her. She should never expatiate on her aches and pains, her domestic intelicities and the like gloomy topcs; or speak much of her rich relatives, how they do in the city, her trip to a foreign land, etc. 3todesty euggests subjects with a small i. People visitiog in the city bshould endeavor to-dress tsateully though their means may dictate extreme simplicity. It will add materially to their enjoyment as well as that of their friends. A neet, stylish travelling suit, a wrapper for morning, and an afternoon dress, with a choice variety ot neck g-rniture, will make one preventable in almost any sooiety for a short visit. Those visiting in the country should be careful not to make a foolish dis play of their finoery. Tokens of love and re membrence, however simple, are always pleasant; and it is always well to remrmb:r the ervantiP. Lost, if you desire your stay to be an agreeabhle visit sather than a visitation do not etay too long. Take your dePartnr, while your friends are still anuxions for you to retaio, 