THE OPPOSITION AND THE ELECTIONS. Last night Mr. Drake, the chairman of the Council of the Parliamentary Opposition, addressed a public meeting for the purpose of defining the attitude of the Opposition in the forthcoming elections. Mr. Drake in tones and terms of undoubted sincerity deplored the retirement of Mr. Powers. But after listening to Mr. Drake's exposi- tion ' of Opposition history and policy warfare inclined to think that Mr. Powers's disappearance was a very great though unintentional service to the colony. He smote the Labour party with a force which he himself was unable to realise at the time. It has staggered ever since under the blow. His sword laid bare the Labour leaders' foolish pride and still more foolish selfishness. But that was not the only effect of his Maryborough action. His sudden abandonment of the leader- ship of the Opposition-an honourable and almost necessary abandonment, beat conceded-left that party in a pitiable condition of weakness and defenceless news. Never before to-day did the gnaslUness of its poverty appeal so powerfully to public compassion. It is only in a modified form that the leader ship of the party has temporarily passed to Mr. Drake. He-is simply the chairman of a Council. Therefore we are justified in assuming that his deliver- ance last night was in some sense a joint product. The Council spoke to the electors through Mr. Drake. He is the sort of man who is always willing to take his fully share of any responsibility, but? we are compiled by this farms of the announcement of ltfieonieeting-to accept the address as flW'tnanifesto of the party. Not to so accept it would be an injustice to the party, We now have threeç with which the Opposition goes to the country, and we are bound to say that morning in our experience of colonial political crises approaches the awful destitution of the Queensland Opposi- tion in this crisis. It seems to be utterly incapable of lifting itself up to the occasion. It absolutely misses its opportunity. It is blind. Of all the exhibitions of party feebleness on record here-and, we are almost tempted to add, elsewhere-this is the worst. Let the Opposition, following the now just died precedent of its late leader, make haste to efface itself. We must look to other circumstances, and perhaps to other men, for an effective constitutional Opposition. This one, if we must judge it by the case it presented last night, has only one last duty to itself and to the country. What Queensland wants just now is a political mind which boldly, thoughtfully, and eagerly looks forward. That is really theY supreme merit of the Government manifesto. It does not dwell lingering and fondly on what has been done or attempted during the life of the late Assembly. It tries to see and say what may be done or attempted during the life of the next Assembly. It is full of purpose. Al- most the only reason which the Government puts forward as a basis for a renewal of the country's confidence is a policy of practical progress. If progress is impossible or the Government's policy of progress is undesirable, then let the people vote against the Government. But the people should clearly understand that the Government's idea is that progress is the thing to aim at. Time Is delivering the colony from the thraldom of past disasters, liberating it from oppressive conditions, and opening up inviting possibilities of advancement and improvement. Let us go forward, is the rallying cry of the Government. Let the dead bury their dead. Settle- ment, production, commerce all will respond to a larger and more hopeful intelligence and energy. The call to go forward is as distinct to-day as three years ago was the call to set the affairs of the colony in order. But what do we get from the Opposition ? "What was the burden of the authoritative statement made last night ? Apparently the Opposition's idea of what is good for us is a sad journey into the past, and a tearful contempla- tion of the graves of dead programmes, pledges, and hopes. Mr. Drake himself has a pathetic weakness for loitering with leaden feet among the memories of 1888. At times made his audience forget that they were living in 1896, and that the present duty is to elect a Parliament which may control public affairs till 1899. He wants to get back to 1883. But he will never be able to revive 1888. The Opposition com- ( plains that men are not now what they were in 1888. The Opposition indeed consists of the faithful few who have not deserted 1888. They quote 1888, and say they still stand there. I Just think of this fidelity to 1888. What changes have taken place in Australia since that year ! It is hardly too much to say that the Eastern colonies have been reconstructed since that year. Through what industrial, financial, and political crises did they pass on their way to reconstruction ! Great monetary institutions have been humbled or swept away ; the leading industries have been forced to readjust themselves to unprecedently low prices ; public revenues have shrunk terribly ; political reputa- tions have been wrecked or damaged and political thought and affairs are remarkably changed from what they were six years ago. But the Opposi- tion talks as if it had learned nothing during this eventful period. It seems to attribute finality to some vision of Liberalism which was vouchsafed to it in 1888. Mr. Drake's academic excursions into ancient history imparted a considerable feeling of unreality to the occasion. The audience gathered to hear a rous- ing exposition of party policy, a trumpet note of battle, on the eve of the elections. What it got was the drip drip of long-drawn-out funereal eloquence. When Mr. Drake escaped from that venerable Liberalism, it was to criticise the Government work during the late session. It was familiar and unnecessary criticism. But it was always partisan and often unjust. Some of it AA'as crooked criticism. Every Government blunders more or less, and every Opposition can point out the blunders. What is chiefly wanted now, however, from the Government is not a re- j certain of its achievements but a revelation of its purposes and the same remark may be applied to the Opposition. It is in this contrast that the Opposition breaks down hopelessly. It has hardly anything in its mind which is worthy of the name of a policy of purpose. It looks? back Avard rather than forward. It is a mere cold rather than a cheerful and courageous pioneer. And the curious thing is that it has a "swelled head." I " Any power intrusted to us," says Mr Drake, " will be used for the benefit and advancement of the people." But he expresses a perfectly ludicrous distrust of the Government. No Government pledge may be safely accepted. In this I Mr. Drake fell rather below the level of His- intelligence. Unfortunately in I SAvinging the club of his partisan dis- trust about he Jilt poor Mr. Powers. He laid it down as a principle that a man who gave an election pledge was bound by it till he resigned his trust. And alongside him sat the late Leader of the Opposition who in 1895 gave an election pledge in favour of coloured labour in sugar plantations, and in 1893 went. back on it ferociously, but did not, ceased in, be a member of Parliament till Parliament was dissolved. These little accidents will happen when politicians are seeking the death or discredit of their opponents. It was only in the last few minutes of the discourse that Mr. Drake made some attempt to expound the future policy of the Opposition, and to define the Opposition attitude in the elections. But all that was given was not worth waiting for. The only notable feature of it was that the Opposition proposes to itself the task of, checkmating some mysterious exploitation party. If we understand him this party has its headquarters in Great Britain, and its baleful policy is to first exploit, then ruin, and finally desert young countries. And it has its evil eye on Queensland. The Opposition has its eye on the ex- ploitation party, so Queensland is safe. The electoral attitude of the Opposition is to go straight forward. It is to have nothing to do with other parties. It will not even recognise " Independents." But there was a suggestive silence and softness in regard to the Labour party. The note of indignation in Mr. Powers's Maryborough speech was absent from last night's deliverance. Evidently Opposition candidates are relying a good deal on the Labour vote. The country at large will do well, we think, to look upon the Opposition as a dead party. Let it join its beloved ghosts of 1888. The two real parties with real policies are the Ministerialists and the Labour Socialists. The choice that is to determine the political history of the next three years is between them. 