THE IRISH RACE CONVEN TION. MESSAGE FROM THE POPE - HIS HOLINESS PRAYS TO END DISSEN SION, MAGNIFICENT GATHERING OF PRIESTS AND PEOPLE. SPEECHES OF COLONIAL DELEGATES. On Tuesday (says the Dublin Freeman's Journal, September 5) the great Irish Conven tion assembled in the Leinster Hall to take counsel for the rescue of the Irish cause, and the restoration of unity end discipline in the ranks of the Irish people and the Irish National Party. Long before the hall opened the dele gates began to osaomblo io Hawkino's-Qtroefc, and immediately on the unlocking of tho doors they rapidly took their places. The admirable _or lODgomentQ prevontod the slightest oonf union, thoneh the thron/? tasod the capacity o£ the LeinQter Hall, nnd many wore unable to find seats. When the chair was fcakon there wao eoaroely an inch of spaco to spas.'G in the holl. The full body of the delegates was then assem bled within tho walls. Tho gallery ond balcony, sailed off fop visitoeo, wore thronged. Tho scene was q bright one. Tho hall, bright with its decorations, was animated by a crowded aGpembly that Koso ties: above tier horn floos to coiling. THE CLERGY. These wao a lovgo o^d distioguiohod represon« tation of tho Irish priootbood. Clergymen, an is asaal, since the days of flip. Parnell, wore cs offioio members of the Convention, and there wqs d strong representation o£ them, numbering four hundred, fsom all pasta oi the country. The delegates of tlia Irish Eace beyond the ohotes of Iceland were selected on thoroughly democratic principles by tho Irish assemblies in those countries, ond though tho representation from distant lends could not be expected to be very '' lorgs, still it web wonderful to oao how enthusiaum in the country's interests impelled so xaany of thoso selected jspresentativeo to come from the very ends of tho earth in order to do their part ia helping the National movement. By Q kindly arrangement tho Homo delegates left the front of the platform to bo occupied by the Irish exiles from distant lands, ond these oonld be no greater demonstration of the inten» sity of Irish feeling then tho presence of these determined Irishmen. The National Leojjuo of Great Britain was fully repreoented, there being no fewer thnn three hundrsfi delegates feom England and Scotland. ieeland's own eepresentatives. Bat the overwhelming majority of the delegates came from the several districto of Ireland. There were fourteen bandeed representatives from the Irish National Federation Brancheo in tho coun try alone. Thero was a full representation of the provincial Corporations and the various municipal bodies and Poor-low boards of the country. Five Mayoro, thirty Chairmen of Town Commissioners, and fifty Chairmen of Poor-low Boards, were included in the representation. Suoh National organizetionc as tho National Foresters, YoaQg Ireland Sooieties, and Gaelic ClnbB, were oloo srepreaonted. ALL RELIGIONS. Th© gathering wqo wholly one oir Irishmen. It included Irishraon oE all religions, A Catholic Biohop.Most Eov. Dr. O'DonnolI, presided. Tho proposer of tho first and most important series of resolutions wqq Mr. Alfred Webb. Two great Canadian statesmen, tho Hon. John Costigon and the Hon. Edward Blake, now of the Irish Party, the one a Catholic, tho other a P/otestant, ond the leaders of opposing sidoo in Canadian politics, were on tho platform united on tho Irish qnes tion. This was typical of whot woo to bo found amongst the dolegotes from thio country in the body of the hall. There wns a considerable re presentation o? elements which in recent years were ounderod in Irish Notional politics. There were many Pornellites among tho delegates pre sent, ond thoBQ identified with divergencies in the Irish Party itself were reproBented on the different oidoe. Tho Convention may cer tainly claim to represent tho overwhelming ma jority of the Nationalists of Ireland. MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT. 'William Abraham, Dr. R. AmbroGo, Micbael Austin, Hon. E. Blake, T. J. Collory, Daniel Crilly, Eugono Crean, Michael Davitf, John Dillon, Captein Donolan, P. 0. Doogan, Sir Thomas Esmonde, 0. J. Engledovr, Thomas J. Farrell, J. C. FJynn, J. Finuoano, M. J. Flovin, James Gilhooly, J. F. Hognn, Joremmh Jordan, Denis Kilbrido, P- MocDormott, Dr. M. A. M'Donnell, J. G-. Swift© M'Noil), F. Mando ville, M. J. Minoh, George Murnogbnn, Michael M'Ctsrlao, Justin M'Cn»thy, Eichard M'G-hcj©; P. A. M'Hugh, J. P. X. O'BrieD, T. P. O'Con nor, F. A. O'Keoffe, Williom O'Malley, J. Pinkerton, P. J. Power, John Roche, J. J. Sheeby, Dr. Tanner, and Samuel Young. COt'NTY AND CIVIC DELEGATES. Thomas Berry, Cork ; Jeromo Boycc, Done gal; Thomas Byruo, Galwuy ; Dcniol Corry, Meath; JohnDolan, Loitrim; Simon F. Han ratty, Newry Borongh ; Laurence T, Kelly, Queen's ; William Lucdon, Limetick ; Rov. J. Meegon, Monnghan ; J^sisea Neary, Ro'ioom mon ; John O'Dovrd, SHgo; Eov. D. O'Hqfd, P.P., Mayo ; Bernard O'Noill, Asmap,h ; Thomns Bobeitson, Kildoro ; Eov. John Roelr, Tyrone ; N- E- Shoo, TippoERry ; John F, Wrcy, Fer managh ; Joseph Devlin. Belfast ; Rov. P. Flynn, P.P., Watford ; John Wwd, Sligo Bosongfe. UNITBD STATES. _ Miobael J. Eooney, E-epsooonting Irioh No tionol Federation o£ Amonoa, Notir York ; Michael Murphy, ditto, New York ; Pafcrich Mastin, Baltimore, MMylosid ; Hob. Edmund O'Connor, ^Bingharapton, Now York; Hon. T. C. O'Sullivna, Now York ; Jnmoo Dnggant Nos.'t7icb, Ooan. ; John B. Davlin, Wilkosbarso, Pa. ; Denia O'Reilly, Bcstoa ; Edward Trnooy^ Boston ; Rov. George F. MaBoholl, Milfoed, N. Hampahiro ; T. C. Bolcnd, Ss'-aoton, Pa ; P. W.. , Wren, Bsidgoport, Coaa ?, 3Sdwe,?d Mackis,. I Wilkosbarre, P.A. ; Johia CcshEHnn, ManeheoSoF,, \ N. Hampshire; James Sallivmn, M.D., Man- ; cheater, N.H. ; Martin Fitagoeold, Mooehestei', N.H. ; M. J. Ryan, Philodolpfoio, Po ; Patrick - Danloavy, PhiladolphiB Council, M F. ; Anthony Kelly, Minneapolis, Minn ; John Guinoy, Wil kosbarre, Pg ; Pnteicir Cox, Eoo.'hiostor, N.Y. ; P. Sailoghoi1, Now York ; Joseph P. Ryan. Now York ; 'Hon. William L. Brown, ~E-aw Yask ; Hon. Martin M'MGhon, Bow York; Rev. D. W. Fitzgerald, MGaebostoi', N.H. ; M, J. Coonoy, Montana, CANADA. Very Rev. M. A. Clancy, Plaoontia, New foundland ; Jomeo D. Ryan, President o£ tho Bonovolont Irinh Sooiaty, Sfc. Joha'a, Newfot nd land ; Rov. P. F. O'Donnell, Montreal ; Edv3 o?d Hallay, first Vice-Pfesident Young iFiohrrs sn's Literary and Benefit Aoaooiiition, Montraol;! Very Rev. Dr. Foloy, Hahfas, Novia Scotia;! Lionfc.-Colonel Mochano, Nova Sootia; R.av. Frank Ryan, Toronto; Rov. F. O'RoiHy, Hamilton ; Hoo. John Oostignn, M.P., P.C ; Chovalior John Heooy, Ottawa ; Very Rev,. D. j Harris, St. Catherine's; John M'Keown, Q.C.r St. Ccthorina's; P. F. Cieonin, Toronto; i&av..; Dr. Flnnnery, S^. Thomao ; Hugh Ryan, Tq-- ronto ; Jameo J. Foy, Q.G., Tovonto ; Gerald B.. Tiornan, Halifox ; Jaasoa J. O'Brioo, Haliffas, Nova Scotia. AUSTEALASIA. Charles Hamilton Bromby, Northern To s mania ; Thos. Huat, Victoria ; Mr. Micha el Dflvitt, M.P,, Donedin ; Mr. Kennedy, W( rf. lington. Rov. Fathor O'Callaghoa, CO., M» jI low, represented Tasmania, as requoated by Tasmi3nian Iriohraon. SOUTH AFRICA. H. J. Haskins, Johannesburg ; Moses Oorn= wall, J.P., Kiaiberley, lepresonting leiehme n of Gnqualand Woot. BISHOP O'DONNBIL IN THE CHAIE. Sharp to tho appointed hour, Mr. Michael Davitt appeared upon the platform, followed by his Lordship tho Biohop of Raphoe, Most Bev. Dr. O'Donnell ; Mr. John Dillon, M.P. ; Hon. E. Blake, M.P. ; Mr. Williom O'Bcien, Me- T. P. O'Connor, M.P.; and, a£tor a brief interval, Mr. Juotin M'Oorthy, M.P. They Eeeoii-ved a moat enthusiastic reception, the cheers beiiDg agaialGQcl agoia renewed when ifc was peirceivad thot the patriotic prelate oi old Tcyconnoll h ad ocmo f os« ward to take the ohair of the great Convention. Mr. Jaatin M'Oarthy proposed that 3s. O'Don nell take the choir, and C&aon; Shinfcmn, of Bon don, seconded tho motion, which wnro corned by another outbreak of enthusiasm. The Chairman— Gentlomons my fiest daty aa chDirraan is to ask you to appoint hon osary seoee tariQO to this Gonvontion. Very Sev. Cauon LyaekBy, P.P., Cli?fcoa— I havo very much ploosuEe in doing a vory per functory duty hero to- day. It is that olt pro posing that Rev. Father M5Gairef C.C.b EnaiQ killen ; Captain Donalan, M.P. ; Rev. Father O'CallaKhon, C.C, Mallow; David Sheehy, Eaq.9 M.P., and Michael Davitt, Esq., M.P., bo appointed honorory secEOtniies to toe Conven tion. (Applauoo.) Dr. Ambrose, M.P., socondeo! the Eeflolution- which was carried unanimously. OPENING PBA.YER IN IEISH Tho ChoiEmDn— I will ask Fathor M'Fadden, c£ Gweedoro, to begin tho proceedings with on Irish prayer. (Hear, hear.) His Lordship then conveyed tho ieqaoofc in Irish to Fathor M'Fadden. Father M'Fadden advanced to the foot of the platform and road aa Irish prayer, tho entire Convention remaining standing during the shead ing. The prayer offered in Irish is ae fellows ; an English translation io appended :— ? In Ainm an Atfaar, agus a Mhic, oguo on Spioroid Naoimh. Amon. Tairhng, aSpioriadNcoimb, d'ar n-ounsaidhe, aithlion croidhtho do ohreidmboach, ogaa ndhain ionntsj taino do ghradha fein. Rainsin. Coir chngainn do Spiorad, agus cruthoohar iad. Fraigrodh. Agno atbnuadhfaidh to sghoidh no calmhsD. Guidhmis. A Dhic, do theagoisg croidhthe na gCreid mheach le lonnradb nn Spioraid Naoimh ; tab hair dainn ins and Spiorad ceudno, go mblas famaois on coart, ogus in a eholas-aan go, m» beidhoadh siorghQirdeachoB orroinn ; Tre Iosn Criost or o-TigheBtno, Amen. In tho name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of tho Hcly GhoBt. Amon. Como, O Holy Gboaf, replenish tho hearts of Thy faithful, and kiadle in them tho lire of Thy love. Versicle. Send i'ovth Thy Spirit and they shall b:i eronstod, | RoQponoe. And Thou ohalt renew the faoo of tho easth. LET tT3 PRAY. O God, Who, by tho light of tho Holy Ghost, didet instruct the hoarta of tho foithful, grant thct by the seme opirifc we may koow what is right, tiad over enjoy his consoiattOE : tSigoagh Jos^k Ghtwb, Oes Lord, Ameo, MKeSAGE FEOM THK POPE, AND EBPLY, Tho Most Rov. Chairman then roso amid loud Dad prolonged cheering to address tho Convention. Ho oaicl — Grontlomen* a glodsomQ meosago hns reached mo for this Convention which I feol I ahoald not keep bnok frcm yoa GBothoe moment, OontuKies ago, whea the two Hughn struggled fos Irish freedom and tho freedom of conoeioaco against unequal odds, and in tho days oi! tho flonfodorotion of Kil kenny end o£ Owoq Roo, Iroland hod no bsfctor Eciendo than Paul V,, and Urban VII., end Innooont X. Woll, gontlemen, onco again thsro is ?' Wiao from tho Royal Pope upon tho oee&a; deep.' (CIjoopd.) I have hero a shore message sent sne through tho illnBtrioua Roctor of: fcho Irish College, Rome, convoying d proyor oE tho Holy Fnthes for tho attainment of tho end foe which this Convention hes boon brought togethor. (Choore.) I will rocid foe you the meoaogo o£ his Holinons, first in Latin, and then in Ecgliah, and I willlanve it to tho spontaneous acfc of tho Convention to give what rssponoe you think fit to that saeseago— 'Too Holy Father, yaceainR for tho spiritual Dnd tem poral welfare o£ tho Irish people, pfoyo foi5 tho end oE diGsonoioas.' (Loud cheers, and orioo of 'Long live tho Pope.') GentlomoDj the favout' oi such d Prince ohould not long re snoisx without acknowledgment» and I wish, to ho exapowered, if it bs iho will of the Conven tion, to send back the following mocsoge — 'The Irinh, Race Convontion bogs to express its profound gratitude to the Holy Father for bis most kind and flattering message, which aU the del agates receive qd n signal favour and as tho fas* ppioot ougury o£ poDco.' (Prolonged cheers.) LETTER FEOM ARCHBISHOP WALSH) OP T0E0NT0 Tho following letter was then gead h^ the Rev. Ffithor Ryan, of Toronto. It oarao from ' the father of tho Convention' :— - Toronto, AaRUst 13, 1896. Rev. Father Syr-n, Rector of St. Michaol's Oothedral. My Door Fathom Byan,— As ifc is quite out of my power to assist ot the groat Iiish Conven tion to bo hold in Dabl'ii: in the beginning of September, I hereby depute you to attend thereat an my representative. Yog know my views on this Convention — ito aecessity and its purpooe- Those views were substantially esproeaed in my lotto? on tho subject addressed to the Hon. Edward Blake in October last. It was felt then, as it is bow, in order to obtam Homo Rule or any other msasuroof justice from the Imperial Parliament, tho Irish National representatives should clooo their broken uanko, and re- establish amongst them unity and oim of action. The Convention was suggested as o moano oi offectiDg this desirable and-oeoessDBy union. The earnestness and alacrity with which thio idea was token up by the Irish people at home and abroad proved that some ouch Convention was fait to be a necessary meano at restoring uoit? to the Irish Parliamentary representatives, aad that it was expected to bo also db effieoeioas method of perpetuating tlmfc unity. Tho Con vention is aow d groat and asemorobls fact. May the kind providence of God direct an& control its deliberations, and may ifaio assemblage of Iriohmon bo the starting point of a greet patrio tic movement that will find its isaue in complete success foe the cause of Home Rale Qnd in a glorious victory foe ths just liberties and sights of d sorely-tried and long-suffering people. — Boliovo me to be, my dear Father Eyoa, yoiea veiy tsaly, f John Walsh, Archbishop of Toronto. MESSAGE FKOM QUEEXSLAND. Mockoy, Qaeenoland. To the President and Representntives o£ the Iriah National Convention, Dublin. Gentlemen— We the undersigned, on behalf of tho mombois of ths H.A.C.B. Society, No. 233, St. Patrick's Branch, Mackay, Queensland, congratulate the promoters of this Convention, and wo hope that by its moans the antagonism to Ireland's boot interests will be entirely obliterated, leaving a united party, for without unity ropresontcstion becomes a iarco, and yoa cannot espect the support horn Aastroliano which othorwioo we would gladly contribute to the cause of Home Rule for Ireland. Beliovo us that ia Australia those nro thou sands of Iriohmon and otfroifs who have watched with poinful'aoxiety the constant [bickoriags of Ireland's supposed reproaentiitives. What concessions can you expect it by your own conduct you merit the opprobrium and, leaghtef of your onomieB? Wo know ihufc tho reprnsontntives of Ireland are as copablo and intellectual aa any other roprooontation of like importance, bat while this division in the ranks existp, so long shall Ireland suffer. It is with pleasure we notice the efforts of Mr. DavJtt and others advocating the liberation of the Irish political prisoners, and hope their efforts will be rewarded. With our boat wishes for the success oE your Convention, wo remain, yours, &c;, Chas. Feazee, President. John P. Dowd, Vice-President. Michael Bareon, Trensarer. Chaeles Mezgee, Secretary. D. Mabkey FllOil SOUTH AUSTHALIA, Tho Hon, J V. O'LoRhlin wioto as follows : 113 King William-street, Adelaide. My Daar Sir,— Our branch of tho I, N. Federation in Adoltndo ssnt on a lot tor of con» grat.ultiliou end oncoavugomant loot mtiil, and I havo also written to Mr. Davitt. I sincerely truufc that tiie Convention may be tho inoana of CHiting ovx people in aa inyalnarablo phukns to meet fc&e; commoBi enemy, and I eoBgsfBtai&t;*1 you 0S3 the feigfe m& roswoGsibi© position to ! which you hnvo booa olovatod. Wo regret veyy much thot South Aasfcralia will aot be directly ropreoontod at tho Convention; Wero my Miniotorial PoElinmoatary datioa oof; so itnpera fcive Eotbiog would pleaeo mo bottor Shon te nttond.— Very truly yours, J. V. O'Loghlin, V.P., I. N. F. John Dillon, Esq., M.P., Dublin. FROM SYDNEY An enthusiastic meeting re Pan-Celtic Con- vention was held on Monday night at the Guild Hall, Sydney. Mr. F. B. Freehill occu- pied the chair. The speakers were the Hon. R. E. O'Connor, Hon. John Toohey, Messrs. J. P. Garvan, William Ellard, Jos. Carlos. The following Resolution was carried : ' That this meeting records its unabated interest in the Home Rule movement, and urges upon the delegates to the forthcoming Pan- Celtic Con vention that in order to secure the restoration to Ireland of her Parliament, it is essential that every legitimate means should be adopted to re- unite the National representatives under one leader." FROM NEW ZEALAND. Irish National Federation, Auckland, N.Z. Jobe Dillon, Eoq., M.P. Dear Sir8— I acivo the honour, by direction o£ tfaiQ bKaaoh o£ tho Irioh National Federation, to forward yoo the follouJBg !?0EolutioD, nnBni mouoly ond with Doolomation paaoed at last night's JBooting :— ' That we, tho Auckland JBgancfo. o£ thc- Irish Notional Federation in meotiaf; OGQombled, in common with all loyal supportoro of, and sympathizors with, tbo cause of Ireland at home and abroad, recorda ifco con viction of tho paramount necoosity for unity amongofc tho supporters of Homo Hale, and da sires in fche most earnest manner to convoy to the National Convention to be hold in Dabhn tha unonimously- expresaod wish nnd hope o? this branch that, ignoring all differences and pre jodicoB, ond dioreRarding all considerations, ths reeult of tho deliberations of the Convention mov be a Jfosolvo to cordially join together in and maintain a laoting course of united action, upon which depends the Gacceos o£ tho leioh Home Enlo movement.' I bavo only to add my own prayer that on? earnest wishes and desires may, co tho outoome of the Convantion, under Divine Providence, be ooBQEmrnDted.-— I nm, dear sir, youes Mthfolly, Jos. A. Tole, President. M. A. Sheahan, Hon. See. THE CHAIEMAN'q ADDEESS, Ths CIioiEraQQ, t?ho was received with pro longed chsoring on rising, said : Men oi the Irish i'ooe, tho?Q io only one way in which I may hope to mtmn tfeonko fop the unique honon* Tvhieh thio ahais? oonfeeo apoa me. It io to lQUQch at oneo oa thio magnificent Convention fcho baDsoeoo that Ebqd brought; you hopo from tho foae nhogBD of Irolood ond from many lands bo° yood tho Qoao. To yoa, geatleonoD, oar kith and kin. come home from abroad, wo who live in tho Gfqoq Isle oay horn oae hearts, in the sweet lon gaDEO of youe fothers, ' Cead millo failthe.' (Land and prolonged cheering.) Ie your love for Irelaad you are hose from tho sroofc Eepab lie of tho West, where so many millioDS o£ our poopls hovo built op for themselves a position and .o name, and whence ia timoo of trial bap como to tio tho moot genorouo ouppoEfc fcg every Notional demand. (Lood ohoer?.) You am hom from ool^govoraiag Conado, on© of wbooo groat Pfelatao first oag gosted thio Convontioa to end our diosenoionot (Chooro.) Yob are eomo from Sriondiy Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. You are como even from AraatEalio, whioh ban alwayo vied with Amosico in nupport of the National cause. (Loud cheers.) You are here from Africa, whore, in oar days, to the South it promises to rival tho Northern splendour of fifteen centuries ago. Then tho never-failing Irishmen of England and Scotland (cheore) are bore ; and lastly the tried man, priooto, and people, who live in tho old land, in long array, from every country ond evory shoro. You have como from aeae and far, at great inconvenience and expense, to work for tho old cause, and to banish from our midst tho bitterness of strife, filled with the idea that lovs of oue motherland implies co-operation, and Jovo, and friendship, and forbearance among ourselves in her cause. (Cheers.) In my time I hove seen tho young family outcast on tha roadside from the home the strong man had built; I have seen tbe prieet dragged to prison for trying to shield the victims of each wroDgs (hear, hear) ; I have soon thousands of little boys and Rirlo of from nine to twelve years hired into agricultural gervioe far away f:om the homes where tboy onght to be at ochool ; I hava seen throngQ of young people leaving the old and woakly behind and hurrying to the orai grant ship ; and I have often nsberi myself, Will tho emigrants ever cocao bnek? (Cries of ' Yes,' and loud ohooro.) Will they evor send us back tho power to ohonge these things and. to I undo these wrongs? Woll, picked snea of our race are bore to-day uom every lnnd of the Irish, dispersion, and, with God'a blesoing, before they go beck tho foundutions will be laid brood nnd deep of thofc victory com pelling unity (cheers) whioh this great Con vention was called ,o promote. (Renewed cheers,) Tha misod raoe -hot hno opung from this soil, with the blood of Celt, Soson, Dane, and Nor man intermingled, hao a misoion of itn own, a genius and ideal of its own, virtues and endow ments of its own, faults and follies of Ua own which give it o distinctive character in ovary land undor tho sun (choors), and wo waot Iro land, tho cradle land nnd nursery of on? race, to bo gniu'dod with every care and tended with filial devotion, and developed by ootivo geniuB. (Lond cheers.) It ia nest to naalafis to orgue ?our causts uaiosg we staud unitsd bohind ouc . argaraesita' . Dsspai? o! wianiog aoyttiog by argument has driven poor Irishmen to doploj able deads for which on inhuman paniahmon &as; been exacted. (Hear, honr.) Perhnpo thi report of tho Financial Eolations Oommiaeio! will malso tho cone of tho poor political pvi flonera bettor undorotood. (ChEoro.)' I& an] -avent, if thio Conventions proclaimo the ETBtionol policy on a basic broad nnd strong, one daman do fidelity Dnd discipline in carrying i oat, the Irish people will bo once move united and, God giving it, no powor, shall bo ablo tt seeist the justice o£ tho irioh eanso. (Locd enc prolonged cheering, tho delegates rioing to thois feet and difsplaviBg intense enthusiasm.) THE RESOLUTIONS. Mr. Alfred Webb, a Pcotoatant Homo Rule?. moved n set of tea resolutions seconded by loathes Kyan, o£ Toronto : — ? Reunion — ' Seeing that divioions amongst Irish National ropzeaontativaa paraljzo to e great extant thoii' powe-' of serving Ire/laud, oast discredit on tho country, and tend to aiionato tho support of tho Irish ruee, and to destroy their confidence in tho effiuncy of Parliamentary aeticn , we record oar firm conviction thnfc it is of tho first importance to Ireland that tho nationalist ifoproeentaiivoa in Parliament should bo zeunitod into one party ; aod, in the spirit of tho recent reaolution c£ the I^rish party, wo declare that, ' In one enpnest desire to accomplish that result, wo dpo prepared to meet on fair ond equal teimo all Notionaliota who will join in tho attempt to rcconotitato a united Homo Rula party, in which every eopportej? of the movement uhall be cordially sreoeived, and justly considered, jegacdlsso o2 all post differences, and baviDg regard only to his capacity to render servioa to tho common cause.' Wa aro glad to observe in tbo compo3i tion or' this Convention, and in tho apirit ohorrn throughout the country, marked evidence of a prowing tendency to reunion ; and we invito tho Irish Nationalist party to t?ike further steps aa may to them ospm calculated to promote tho onuse of ireunion.' Unity. — 'That wo recogr.izo ao (ho ecisential element of the existence of an offisctivij Irinh Party the hearty co-operation nnd cbeetfnl nub ordination of e&cb; individual in carrying on- tho Party policy, an Bottled (after fros diccnsMon) by thfl judgment of the greater numbar. That while we ere glad to observo that on grnvo qae§tions Shero have boon but fow intelligible differences of opinion in tho Irish Porty, and none difficult of reconciliation by reasonable men willing to agree, wo moat strongly condemn those public dispntoo regarding minor questions of persons and tactico which have bo gcnvely im paired tho pouor of the party. Wo solemnly call apon every man belonging to tho Irish party, in anawoi? to the prayers of our peoplo »U the world ovar, to forget old differences, to sink personal feelingo, and to oct for tbo futaro as good comrades and fellow-uoldieES in tho spirit of thio rooolation and in the onpport of that party unity on which tho fate of Ireland so largely dependo. Wo ask tho Irish Potty to take SQoh stspD oo mny ia their judgment be found! neoeaaopy to 4ho establishment of unity ond discipline in their own rnnko, in ac cordance with tho gQQolutiono o£ thia Oonven* tion ; and wo oqbuco thorn of one unfailing support io tho execution o£ tbio oogostial task.' Home Eule.— ' That thia Irish Race Coir Tention reooaeitg tho immemorial claiea of Ire land o Notion. Wo declare thot England io governing Ireland wfODgfally, by coercion, and against the people's will ; that each year provoo . af?ooh tho futility of the attempt ; that Irioh t ovila mainly flow from alien, isrooponoiblo, tm° a informed, and unaymoDthotio jrnlo ; and that no 2 policy, whether of nevoro poproooion oi?o£ partial \- eoncsaoion, cun allay her !?i/»htf al diooontont, or j will olackon hot effoit? to obtoia o Logiolatavo ?j cind on Exocutivo m^liiog cmd adminiotoring I 1gv?u f ov Iyoland by Iciohtuoa on Isioh ooil. t Wo docla?0 it tho primo duty of tho JUish Por= , liameuioi'y Party to continue to maintain its ) absolute independence oC English political [ parfcien, c-;?d thus to p?sco?7ait3 froedom to sivo ; p,n independent opposition or an indopondont support to any partjr, no mny eaem beat in tho interests ot tbo National caono.' Other rooolufciona caliod for araneflty to politi , onl prisonero, and denounced the Irish landlord 1 oy stem, tho over-tuxacion of Ireland by England, and local government in Ireland. In regard to adnootion the Convention Qtatea : 'For Catho lioa wo domand p«rJoct eqnnlity in tbo Im7 and adminiotrafcion in tho matter of education — pri- mary, intermediate, and university — and tho re cognition therein not only of tho National spirit but also of tho hifihoat odaoational right, namely,, tho religious training of youth in accordance with the priceloso principles of reli gious liberty an i freedom of conscience ; wo dorannd the establishment of q Univeroity which oholl nfford to the Catholic poopla of Ireland educational opportunities equal to those ea joyod by fcbe favoorod minority of hor popula tion in tho University of Dublin ; we aob for a proctionl extension cf technical oducotion in agriculture and other induatrial arts on a sys tem adopted to tho speoiol needs of lEolond, so that her children may bo batter fitted to deve lop tho resources of their country.' THE TIRST DA\r's PROCEEDINGS. A Lanca8hiro dels/?ato thus describes tho fi?8t day's proceedings : — Tho Dublin nswBpnparfi informed ua that tbo doors of the Convention Hall would bo opened at 11 a.m., and that uho proceedings would commence) at 12 noon and co-dudo at 4 p.m. At every door there were ooveral stalwart door'koopors wearing badges ohapod like nhnmrooks. Each delegate produced hia cre dentials of delegation from tins publio body that aont him, and was them admitted, and conducted to hiR place. Tho Leinstor Hell bjgan to fill rapidly. There was no cheering or vioible external excitement. The platform was adorned with a profusion of bountiful plonto, and greon festoona hung from the ceiling Dnd gave tho hall a r&j; appearance. Thoro were no flagu or insofipfeiona, such as wo often soe at tho geent publio gatbotings in England. Tho people sat very qaiet. Noco of tho nongo ^hioh so often name up the enthusiasm of on Englieh meeting, even before the proooediBgo oommonee, were sung. Bat in theo8 long rowQ of middlo-agod men, with faoeo browned from espoQure to the air, fchoro couli bo no mistaking the meaning and forco of tho otoEQ explosion oh thoie facoo. I?iah moofimgD have DDBumeol porteo tioao diEHoasiono in the past. Thia mssfciqg woo qd largo as fcho oapabilitiGQ of tho building allowed. Aa the hone o_f 12 drew hoof, there wus cm elec trical feeling in tho air. Farmers from Keery and Meatb, and Donegal looked on the £qood oit tho mon on tho platform. Thooo lotto?, being entirely unknown, tools thoie plocoo in silonoo. At length tbopo oppeaeod ona whom all know — the Bishop of Eophoe, whoso hiotorio nemo o£ O'Donnell makea the blood in leiofo voino flow quicker and Iriehmon'o hearts boot footer. The previous oilence wao only thocalM before the otorm. Tben the vast assembly of tuo thoHGoad pooplo Qpfong to thoii? Soot, and tboro sang cat that wild, impaaoionod ohooB whiob, onoo hoard, can novoi.1 bo forgotten. Tfoero wao a depth of pneoioaoto fooling in tho doop j^oop which wo novoi' find in on Eoglioh ajootiaR. Men otood up in thoic placoo wav ing hata aod handkorcbiofot and it took Dove ral minatoo boiforo thoy calmed down. Mr. Juotin M'C^rthy propoocd, 'That fcbo Bishop of Eaphoo do toko tho chair.' Tho motion wan ooeondod, and, emidot cheesing, tho modern vaproaentotivG of tho pEiocoly houoo oit O'Donnoll presided over tho repreoontDtivG gothoring of tho Irioh raco. Socretarioa wero elected, and tha ehai?mnn then delivered the inRuparal oddresa. Bishop O'Donnoll, though yonng in yeorp, looka aged by roasoa o£ tho harflDDing and bnay life which he loads. Apart from hia historical name, fcho noblo stand which ho hao taken sinoo hia elevation to the episcopate in defence of bio persecuted people hao tndeared him to tho Iiioh ho?.zt. Ho ia an olcqaent and a poworfal spocker. Hia voice io good, and ao it roDg through fcho hall in impassioned tonep, calling for union and tho onding oi dis8ension, men began to feel fchnfc Ireland' 0 cause is not yofc lost. Ho was followed by speeches from all over the globe. Dr. Ryan, of Toronto, was tho urot to apeak. He como oq tho speciil delegate of tho Arch bishop cf Toronto in the first place, and read a loiter from the Archbishop. He o1qo came as Dne oic tho neppoaentatives of the leish of Toronto. His voioo trembled with emotion, and ot times he ssperienoed difSonliy in epeaking, Ho was Followed by speakers as for apart aa Tcomtmiaj Eimborloy, Nova Scotia, Manchester, Canada, Victoria, nnd from every country ovar which tbo Englioh flag floats. As spooks? followed speaker, od© stood omazod at tho power and jloqusnco of tho difieront men who opeke. Thore was one Irish priest from Canada who lung tho ossotnbly into a state of tho wildest jnthusiaom. Thia was Dr. Hartk, of New foundland. Thia waa bow ho finished. ' A ;ontleman said to mo in our own city, 'il they ion'S new settle, wo moy despair of Ireland.' Despair,' oaid I, 'nevar.' Despok of tho jooplo that hove fought foe centuries. So help no God, oo long oe there are three Irishmoa iving, I will nevoff deopair of them.' Joha ?orguoon, of Glaogov?, wao the last to apeak, 3nB might cuppose that of tor foue houro' sit iinf? in a clooely-packod hall there would be lome oigno of weorineso. But no, tho vast indience Iratenod with tho oame rapt nttontion, ird cheered do vigorously aa they did for ioufq befose. There was ono man in tho jalleuy dt'eooed in grey whom I noticed for o opg time. He was about fifty years ot age, 7ith o browss foco Dnd blue oyea. Now and igoiEj when d speaker mods o good point, he truck the gollery-sail in front of him and soid, 'That ia it.' When o OanadiDB psiest opoke of he onfforiogs &£ men, i7omen, and children who 7QEQ baQishsd horn Ireland, nnd their lonely jraves in Sor-nway Canada9 tears rolled dowa iio oheoko. Whea tho same opeckoK at another imo oaid that the maiority xaust ehIg, ho omoto ho galloryrailinK ond ohontod oat, 'Tbnt'o the toiafe. That clinohoo the mattou.' Whafc will io dono to»morrow I do Hot yet know, but hero io o otgong fooling gaining ground that ho OoQveEBfcioo will do the work before it, and hat io tho veey neor fataro lEelond will bo olidly united once more. I must not forgot to aonfcioB tho uniquo monneB in wfeieto the Jonveatioo oponod. Father M'Faddon, of iotorio Gwoedoro, called on by the Bishors topped to the front of tho platform, made the Sign oi tho Orooa and recited a ohorfc proyoi? io Isishc It wao tho firat timo that snony ooorso of pooplo from abroad hoard tho Irioh language, mid as tho oound o£ that grand old tongao in which St. JPntfick proaehod and in which St. Bridget proyod wao hoard many a man ooiald oooi'ooly restrain bio emotion. A moo bora in South Africa, of Irish poronto, wao ataading np not fur from mo ond I coald soo hia o^oa fillad with tears. THE ATTSTKALIAN DELEGATE SPEAKS. Mr. Thomas Hunt, of Melbourne, Australia, on. being introduced by the chairman at the conclusion of leather Ityan's speech, was received with, loud cheering. He said — My lord, ladies and gentlemen, I come before you to-daj' with a message of peace and with a request for national unity. (Loud cheers.) I have heard of people going through fire and water to serve their country. I may claim to have gone through, a portion of the latter element, for I may tell you that to pass through the Red Sea will give you some notion of what a reward there may be in future for those who are alive in Ireland. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) I came here from a free country, blessed with, one of the freest consti tutions in the world — I have come here representing the people of Victoria (loud cheers), and the only reward I shall look forward to— I sunpose I shall not myself see the day when Home liule is granted (cries of ' You will') — is that some descendant or friend of mine may be able to point to this, one of the noblest historic gatherings that ever assembled, and point to me as one who took a small part, indeed, in the deliberations of one of the finest assemblies that ever I had the honour to address. (Cheers.) One or two things suggest them selves to me principally as auguries, and good auguries, indeed, for the future. One is the circumstance that this gathering is prenided over by the eminent gentleman who left nothing for men like myself to say, because he has sounded faithfully and fearlessly and with, great ability, which all of us admire, the true key of national unity, and coming from a democratic community myself, and caring very little for individuals, and who were in the front or in the rear in the great battle for Ireland (cheers), coming to you with this message, I say that it augurs well for this great gathering that you should be addressed in the tone and spirit that you were in the beginning, and it is a further augury for your success that we have had bestowed on us the blessing of the Head of the Church to which, I pre sume, most of us belong. (Cheers.) Another thing I may be allowed to allude to, and that is the plea sure it affords me to see so many of my fair country women adorning this hall. I am proud of that circumstance, and I hope to be able to carry back to my friends in Victoria the proud message that they, by their presence, have contributed largely to unity in the Irish ranks. (Cheers.) I disclaim possession of the gift of eloquence of some of your great countrymen who have kissed the Blarney Stone. (Laughter.) But 1 hope to be able to see that before I leave Ireland, and after I get back to my people in Victoria, I shall then for the first time in my life be able to claim some of that eloquence that people who have kissed the Blarney Stone are supposed to acquire. (Laughter.) But I have been connected with politics in Australia. As a little boy in '58, with my father and mother, I had become practically an alien to my countrymen, for the rea son that there were no opportunities for a growing up family. I was born in the historic county of Tipperary (loud cheers), and left there thirty-eight years ago with very poor prospects, indeed. We, Irishmen and descendants of Irishmen in Australia, may be said to number one-fourth of the popu lation. In that respect we were necessarily handicapped in the race for prosperity, and also by the fact that the other three-fourths had had better opportunities of technical and other instruction than we had. But, notwithstanding all the difficul ties, I am a very poor specimen indeed of the many Irishmen who have forced their way to the front in. Australia. But I am proud to say that in my small ?way I performed my duty as a man, and never for got where I wa3 born and the land that I love. (Cheers.) Whilst I say that, it is only natural, coming from a free sountry, that I should love the soil of that country as I do. In that country, indeed, it is very rarely that disloyalty to the silken connec tion with the British Crown is heard of. But if this disloyalty to the Crown is spoken of in any way it is not by Irishmen but by somebody else, thereby showing that, given the same conditions of life and the same opportunities in Ireland to govern our selves by and for the people, I say there would be no more loyal or true race, a race that would tend to build up, consolidate, and solidify the empire you now despise. (Cheers.) I don't want to trench too much on your time, as I am, as you may imagine, naturally of a modest disposition, coming from the country I do (laughter), and scarcely knowing your habits in this, as appears to me, almost a foreign country, but I wish to say that since I came here I am exceedingly pleased with this beautiful historic city of Dublin, and, as com pared with many of the cities on the Continent and elsewhere that I have had an opportunity of visiting, there is not1 a sounder political atmosphere — cer- tainly a purer moral atmosphere— in the world, but it is for us here assembled to try and make the political atmosphere purer. (Hear, hear.) I believe it is quite within your power ;' but coming from a country where- we are small in pro portion to the population, I think it right to tell you there is not a man in this assembly has a stronger feeling as to the rights of minorities. I would coerce no man to fall into our ranks even for the cause of Home Rule. I would not coerce him in that direction, and if our National party is to be a factor in bring ing about Home Rule, and if there is to be a National Government in Ireland at any time, we can get it not by internecine struggles. (Applause.) We can't get it, as has been said to- day, by bring ing up the dead ashes of the past. We must consider those who are opposed to us, and while not desiring to force our own opinions, we should be generous to those who are in a minority, because by that means — those are the only means — we can conciliate them and bring them into line in the direction we desire. (Applause.) I have belonged to a political party, and confidentially I may refer to one issue on which I took the right on a public platform to say in opposition to the party — that I would do my own small best in the direction of securing the right for the people to whom I belonged to educate their children in a Christian fashion. I held that right individually, but if the conditions in 'Victoria were the same as they are here I would advocate in my own party the neces sity of enforcing education in the direction I required, but if my own party determined that the lines I was advocating were lines that they should not accept, I honestly say I would keep my mind on that point or retire from the party altogether. Except with that spirit there can be no party government — and let me say that party government here is somewhat different to that of our country, because we fight party to party for local political issues, while in this country you have only to fight the foreign enemy to restore your . freedom. (Cheers.) I fear again I am presuming too much upon your indulgence, but I prepared no speech, and I prefer the impromptu to the carefullypre pared speech. (Hear, hear.) I think I may be excused if I refer to one or two other topics which touch this resolution — in fact, series of resolutions. (Cheers.) At least 200 delegates met in the Hibernian Hall in Melbourne, representatives from every town and hamlet in the country, and I was chosen to attend on their behalf as their delegate at this great Convention. I came here as free as the atmosphere, so far as I am concerned, not bound in any waj to any individual, no matter what might be said outside — and perhaps there are some outside who are willing to traduce instead of praise men who came here for the unselfish, devoted, and I might say noble purpose of even trying to assist the people of Ireland to secure the restoration of that independence of which she was robbed. (Cheers.) I was also asked, coming through South Australia, to represent the people of that colony, nearly as large as the whole of Europe. We have in the six colonies six legislatures inde pendent of one another, while in all there is not a population equal to the decimated Irish population. There are something like three or four millions of people in the group of colonies having separate and independent legislatures. Each works out its political destinies. They are progressive, and in the matter of reform they conduct themselves as respectable citizens. Surely this spirit of demo cracy would be brought about if we had a United Ireland. On behalf of the people I represent I ask for unity, and then Home Rule must necessarily follow. (Cheers.) Let me, then, have a small recompense for coming through fire and water to reach here, and I say that no other mission in the ?world would have brought me to undertake such a journey. My wife, who is an Australian native — I do not mean to tell you she is a black (laughter), because that would be creating a false impression— she said to me when she 'learned of the object of my intended mission, 'You must assuredly go.' (Cheers.) I felt proud of that encouragement, and nothing more fully fortified me than, as a small recompense for the journey I have undertaken, coming from the remotest part of ths earth, to see that unity will take place amongst the people. Home Rule for Ireland, which was unfashionable some time ago in Victoria, is quite fashionable now. Not only had Irishmen espoused the cause of their brethren at home, but by.their action they had won many friends from the English amongst whom they lived. They all agreed and admired the liberal spirit in which some Englishmen had turned to the just cause of Ireland when once the. prejudice Avas removed from their eyes, and when they became just in their better feelings. (Cheers.) MR. BR OMB Y, NORTH TASMANIA. Mr. Bromby, . who was received with great cheering, said — My Lord and brother delegates, I have been sent from an island so far away that it is not even marked upon that large map of the world which decorates the card of,.admission here to-day ; but though far away I can tell you that the hearts of Irishmen there beat strongly with love of their native land ; and their children, who have never seen Ireland, and will, perhaps, never see it, are brought up with the same love of country as they themselves who have been exiled from this soil. (Cheers.) In some ways it seems to me that the island in the seas so far away further re sembles our own island at home in many respects. They resemble each other certainly both in physical appearance and also in the beauty of their ?women. (Applause.) The people there also re semble the Irish people in this, that they are as fond of a little friction Avhen they come to deal with political questions. We fight and go for one an other on such small questions as a.railway for north or south, or east or west, but if we have this fric tion there, we did not commence differences until we got our own Parliament, and we had our friction afterwards. (Applause.) In that country, where Smith O'Brien (cheers) and John Mitchel (cheers) spent many days and years, owing to their -love for Ireland, the people joined together to obtain a free constitution. Now I must tell you flat and plain that we in that country are astonished arid feel hopeless of your cause when we see the way in which Irishmen at home are going on. The children of the race abroad see that the principal men are Irishmen, that the Governors of tlie Colonies aTe Irishmen, that the judges are mostly Irishmen, that the two first Speakers in the House of Com mons in Victoria were Irishmen;, and they are astonished that the people at home do not join together to gain the freedom of their country. Having said this I may be allowed to. make: one or two practical suggestions as to how we out there think it ought to be done. (Hear, hear.) In the first place, of course, it is the majority which ought to rule. (Cheers.) I need not insist further upon that. But as there are those who have followers in the Irish Parliamentary party, and as; it 'is of the greatest importance to gain them over, to act like one man, I would suggest that in treating with them, in speaking of them* or in writing of them, you should do so with a kindly spirit — (hear, hear) — treat them as though they were one day to be your leaders and friends. (Hear, hear.) We in Tasmania — and I think in this: I can speak of Aus tralia — do not care whether it is Billon, or Red mond, or anybody else, so long as he is appointed by the majority. (Loud cheers.) If, however, you cannot persuade these men to come back, then there must be an appeal to the constituencies. The people of this country are the best judges of the last. resort. So go amongst the voters who vote for those men who will not have majority rule, aiwl endeavour to persuade them not to vote for those men in future. 1 say that the man who will not abide by the de cision of majority rule is as great an enemy of Ireland as if he were an .-English Unionist. (Cheers.) All the shouting in the Leinster Hall will not do if you are not prepared to agitate, agitate, agitate. (Cheers.) .': Go, then, amongst those constituencies who have returned members who will not have majority rule, and tell them of the words of wisdom you heaixl here to-day from my Lord, the chairman (cheers), and other speakers, and if you do but work hard I feel confident that at the next general election a different result will be attained. (Cheers.) Looking through your resolutions, every one of which, of course, must have your full support, I have only seen one single word there with which 1 couldn't agree, and it is where one of the resolutions makes reference to ' the Conquest of Ireland.' My Lord, Ireland has never been conquered. (jCheers and cries of ' Never will.') if the resolution said 'The origin of English rule,'' I could understand it. And how did that rule begin ? It was through dissension. (Cheers.) It Avas not a conquest Avhich brought in the Normans. It was one of your oavu princes Avho sold his country because he did not agree with the majority. (Cheers.) I need not tell you the his tory of your country. You knoAV that Avhen any misfortune was brought upon her it Avas brought upon her by dissension. (Cheers.) I shall only say in conclusion that if Ireland is only united once more she can make England tremble, as she made her tremble before, and it will not be long be fore she Avill have Avon back her long-lost rights. (Loud cheers.) OTHER SPEECHES. During the first day's proceedings Mr. Justin M'Carthy, Mr. Moses Cornwall, Kimberley, South Africa; Very Rev. Dean Harris, Canada ; Mr. Dun leavy, Philadelphia ; Very Rev. Dr. Fqley, Halifax, Novia Scotia, also spoke! - ?'?..,-..,'- Mr. Davitt read the following telegram— -u The members of the National League of Great Britain send greetings to Ireland's sons assembled in council, and pray that '.God may ^bless/their delibe rations, and bring peace and unity, to Ireland, pray the first thought of all will be : Ireland over all. (Loud cheers.) ' God Save Ireland.' * (Cheers!) ' Mr. John Ferguson, GlasgoAV, ' having spoken, and dealt with the advantages of unity, the ConA'en tion adjourned to eleven o'clock on Wednesday morning.; . : ' ; SECOND DAY.; ' ? On Wednesday the Convention of the Irish Race! resumed its sittings at 11 a.m. At that hour 'there was a full assembly of delegates, and the body of the hall Avas filled. A considerable crowd was massed in HaAvkins-street from ten o'clock. eagerly discussing the proceedings of the day before, ' and a good deal of enthusiasm was manifested as the more prominent members of the Convention entered! The hall was rapidly filled. - .Sharp at. 11 o'clock a burst' : of cheering an nounced the entry on the platform of the Most Rev. Dr. O'Donnell, and as he took the chair another round of cheering Avelcomed Mr. Dillon and Mr. Justin M'Carthy, who Avere closely followed by Mr. Blake, Mr. T. P. O'Connor, and Mr.'. William O'Brien, the applause continuing until these gentlemen Ayere seated. The Most ReA-. Dr. O'Donnell. presided. Mr. Davittsaid — I have to announce that two de legates from America haA'e arrived (applause)— General Martin T. MacMahon, of NeAv York' (ap plause), and Mr. Michael, Murphy, of New, York. (Applause.) I haAre also to announce that I haAre received from Hobart, 'Tasmania, the credentials of another delegate from that island. The Rev. Father O'Callaghan, of Mallow, one of the.hon. secretaries of this Convention, is appointed to represent South Tasmania. (Applause.) 'AN AMENDMENT. , , . Rev. P. F. Flynn, P.P., -Ballybricken, Water ford, Avho was cheered loudly, said— The amend ment that 1 have to propose to the. resolutions is worded as folloAvs ;— ' That this Convention select from the delegates here assembled a committee of arbitration consist ing of home and foreign delegates, which committee shall be empowered to provide for the consideration and acceptance, if approved of by the Convention, a set of rules forming a common platform, upon Avhich all Irish Nationalists may stand again united, and work loyally together as a whole for the good of our common country.' (Applause.) My Lord, ladies, and gentlemen, — I rise before this magnificent assembly to propose this, Avhat I consider to be the practical Avork for which this Convention has been summoned. The business of this Convention is to form a platform upon which all Irish Nationalists may stand together as of old, shoulder to shoulder, acting in concert, honestly, manfully, and practically, for the good of the country. (Cheers.) It is not necessary, my Lord and delegates, to enter at length into the necessity of a resolution or amendment of this kind. I think it will have the approbation of everyone Avho is honestly inclined, to see a united Ireland again. The Factionists ?will not respond to your call. It Avas not supposed that they would respond to it, and we have eA'idence to-day that they ignore it with contumely. But the Irish people, You have the power and authority to say 'go' and they must go, 'come ' and they must come. (Pro longed cheers.) You are the masters of the situa tion. In 3'ou rests the power — on you lies the heaA'y obligation, of making the members and the people a united and compact body again. (Cheers.) Are you prepared to do your duty ? (Cheers.) If you are, I say unhesitatingly that you -will adopt the resolution that I have proposed to you (hear, hear, and cries of ' no, no'), and if you adopt that I think you will cut th e ground from under dissen sion — you will have saddled the right horse, and all Ireland will know who are right and Avho are Avrong. (Cheers.) Alderman W. J. Smith, Mayor of Waterford, seconded the amendment. T. P. 0* CONNOR, M.P. Mr. O'Connor, 6peaking in opposition to the amendment, said : — . Any proposition for conciliation, concession, and union that has the appearance of safety and a stable future demands our cordial assent. Does that mean, hoAvever, that we are to lead you into a fool's paradise and ask you in the name of conciliation and concession to accept a proposition which would lead to the destruction, not merely now but for all time, of the principle upon which unity must ever be founded? (Cheers.) Well, if a committee Avere appointed—a committee of arbitration — for the purpose of settling our differences on one plab forni, Avhat would become of the Convention ? (Cheers.) Assume the committee AVas in the next room, I Avant to know how long the committee is to last— I Avant to know hoAv long it is to sit and when it is to report? (Cheers and laughter.) When is the committee to be expected to report? It Avould be a pretty quick committee if it reported to-day within a few hours. We are not going to sit beyond four, and I don't think it could report before that. Therefore, it could not report to-day, and Avould it report to-morrow ? I do not think it could. Aye, but if it Avere a committee consisting oC the right kind of men Avho were determined not to make this Convention effective, but to make it impotent, it Avould be quite ready to report on Friday, when the Convention Avould have disappeared as completely as the snow in summer. (Cheers.) And so you see this great body, Avhich Avas brought here for a great Avork and is determined to do that work, Avould be in such a case dispersed Avithout doing anything (cheers), and I say therefore that the carrying or acceptance o£ such a proposal Avould mean the death of the ConArention. And, speaking in no language of exaggeration — speaking in no heat — but speaking from the depths of my convic tion and consideration of this question, I declare it my opinion that the death of the Convention Avould be the death of the Irish constitutional movement. My proposal is to. stand by the resolution on the agenda paper (hear, hear), which has not only ex pressed a Avish for union, but it points out the body and means of restoring union. Now, my friends, one word finally. We are to-day at the parting of the Avays in Irish politics. As , this Convention de cides the movement will live and grow, or fail and die, I make the distinction between our present movement and the Irish cause. MoArements have failed before, but the cause of Ireland is green and immortal, and if our means and our methods fail we know very well Avhat the spirit of our countrymen, is. And Avhat I put most solemnly and earnestly to Father Flynn and to every good and sincere man— can there be a more serious and a more ter rible responsibility on any man or any set of men than to make our people think thac the Constitu tional moA'ement has failed and driven them back into dangerous and terrible measures, and have former times repeated, and men again like those who Avalked out of English gaols n. few Aveeks ago— men decrepit and permanently old. Is that to go on ? Is it to be repeated ? Are you going to send other Aliens, Larkins, and O'Briens to the scaffold? Are you going to send other Davitts to Dartmoor (prolonged cheers), or have you made up 'your minds that this constitutional movement shall get. a united support, and in that Avay, in spite of treason and malice, shall make the Avorld once more resound to the tread of the united Irish mil lions marching on to peace and A'ictory ? (Tre mendous cheering, the Avhole audience rising to their feet.) ; THE AMENDMENT AVITHDRAAVN. After speeches by Father O'Leary, P.P., Clona kilty: Father Meagher, P.P., Clonmel ? Mr. Wil liam Sullivan, of Bradford ; Dr. W. P. O'Mara, Southampton; Rev. D. F. Murnane, and others, the chairman rose and said : — Gentlemen, — Is there one about hero Avho has not heard of Father Flynn' a services to Ireland? (Loud cheers.) Out of love for unity and Ireland, and to promote harmonyT he withd'raAva his amendment. (Loud and long-continued cheering, the whole assembly rising to their feet and enthusiastically waving hats and handkerchiefs.) The Rev. Father Flynn, on again coming for Avard, Avas receiA'ed Avith a renewed great outburst of cheering. He said — Gentlemen, I am most grateful fox your applause, and I say, noAV that my action has met your approbation, I feel hope, and only wish it was in my power to do anything further for the restoration of unity ; and I only hope that if there be airy gentlemen who have the same feelings and ideas on this subject that I have, that if I could be their leader in the present circum stances I would ask them to follow my humble example. (Great cheering.) The Chairman — All within the barrier in favour of the resolution will say 'Aye.' Loud cries of 'Aye.' ?'?'??' : All against the motion will say ' No.' . - There being no response, the chairman, amidst a scene of the greatest enthusiasm, declared the re solution carried unanimously. The Chairman— I declare the first resolution on the agenda paper- — in discussing Avhich so much has been done to debate the other questions — unani- mously carried, by this great Cunvention of the race of Erin. (Prolonged applause.) THE HON. E. BLAKE AND THE HUSH PARTY. The Hon. E. Blake, M.P., in a poAverful and elo quent speech, proposed the next resolution dealing Avith the unity of the Irish Parliamentary party. Our hearts are for peace ; your hearts are for peace; the keynote of this Convention is peace — a real peace, a genuine peace, founded not on the vain protrac tion of disputes and differences about the past, but forgetfulness of all that. (Cheers.) Let us turn the bitter and shameful page ; let us tear it and de stroy it, and let us write a new page of unity and forgetfulness of the evil past, and go forward again as comrades to a glorious future. The lessons are obvious ; the utility is plain. I implore and entreat. In the course of this struggle some Avounds, unde served, may have been inflicted upon me. ('Yes.') I freely forgive them all. (Great cheering.) I am fully sure that with every desire to say no unneces sary Avord, or do any unnecessary act, in the heat and strain of this struggle, I may have been tempted into words Avhich others may consider undeserved. I do not wait to be asked, I humbty ask pardon for anjr offence of that kind. (Cheers.) This should be - the occasion for the exhibition of peace, charity and goodwill. Christians, although worshipping at other altars, we are united in worshipping the God of love, and acknowledge our trespasses and ask to be forgiven, as Ave forgive, and I am quite sure that the spirit in which this paragraph is framed must meet with the strongest support and sympathy from those ministers of the Gospel Avho adorn this hall by their presence. One Avord from a sweet singer of the district from which I come, though not the same town — Mr. Whittier — ' Let us, then, unitod lmry All our idle feuds in dusb, Aiid bo future coniliota carry Mutual faith aud cornmoa trust. Always lie who most forgiveth In his brother is most just.' God grant our prayers may prevail in this great Convention — this supreme organized effort of Irish nationality. If our professions — genuine and secure — are not accepted, if the platform which Ave have laid before you is not agreed to, shall this movement collapse? Shall Ave Jay down our arms — shall avc, of the majority, con fess ourselves beaten ? No, a thousand times no. (Cheers.) Shall you abandon the ship, or shall you endeavour to organize a crew ? Any tolerable situation must end by mutual agreement and good Avill, as, under the Providence of God, it ought to end. If not so ; then Iioav ? By the same steps which have vindicated that principle of unity and discipline to-day, to Avhichthe first paragraph of the resolution gives adhesion. Such were the genuine conditions Avhich settled the terms of the Irish National Parliamentary service, and Avhich shall giA-e Ireland an army Avhich, though somewhat re duced in numbers, shall at all events be thoroughly efficient, acting upon those lines by Avhich an army, few or large, can hope to achieve success at all. With this proposal the closing paragraph of this resolution deals. You are asked to instruct and to strengthen the hands of the Irish party in a con tingency Avhich we cannot leave out of count. We trust and hope it may never arise, but if it does it must be dealt Avith. (Loud cheers.) We ask tie 'Irish party to take such steps as may in their judg ment be found necessary to the establishment of unity and discipline in their OAvn ranks in accordance with, the resolution of this Coiwention, and are assured of the unfailing support in the execution of this direction. If this meeting interpret the duty of the Irish party to ourselves and to the people lor Avhoni they speak so instruct them. (Cheers.) Give us the duty. Yours is the decision of duty to-day. On your decision depends the future of this phase,; at any rate, of the moArement, and if this phase.fails, well Ave know that another phase less hopeful and less pleasing to the Irish people at large will have, in all probability, to be suffered before a constitu tional moA'ement 'will again emerge from the diffi culties. I have not used Avords of any angry passion, I have not sought to excite your emotions other than those of which my own heart might fee1. When a grave and festering Avound has to be dealt with it is' necessary to probe it and see Avhere the mischief is, and I hope I have not said any words stronger 'than were absolutely necessary in that connection. I have tried to set before you in restrained tones a plain issue, and God grant that you may- be Avisely guided. (Loud and continued applause.) Mr. John B.^O'Higgins, of Boston, secondediand the resolution Avas carried Avith. only one delegate shouting 'No!' ! ? HR. JOHN DILLON AND THE LEADERSHIP. Mr. John Dillon, M.P. , on rising to support the' third resolution, was received with a most remark able demonstration, the entire Convention rising to its feet, Avhile the cheering, renewed again and again, lasted several minutes. Mr. Dillon said:— I confess Avhen in the early days of the preparations for this ConArention ob jection was taken to opening the doors of the halls and platforms of this gathering of the Irish race to the spokesmen and representatiA'es of Ireland's scattered sons in America, in Australia, and in New Zealand, wherever that race has been scattered by persecution and ill-goArernraent, I was astounded, I may say I was horrified, that there could be found a man on the sqil of' Ireland, ayuo, Ayitb, the unparal I'ele'A ami immortal record of the fidelity of Ireland' A Scattered children;, could Object to invite them into the councils of the nation (loud and prolonged cheering), and to give them that voice which surely they are entitled to by the glorious part which they have borne in the past struggles of our party. And in that invitation, in spite of objection, was included not only the men represented by the delegates from America and Australia, by the portion of our race who throughout the years of our struggles and agony-have borne a place in the vanguard of the battle, and who endured scorn, outrage, and boy cotting, and driven from the workshops and mines in England because they would not deny the land of their birth, the land for which, i£ need were, they would spill their blood. (Cheers.) My Lord, it has been said that personality and per sonal ambition stand in the way of the advancement of Ireland's cause. (Cheers.) I stated before this Convention assembled that if it should be found either now or at any other future period that the principles of the Nationalist party in Parliament, and I include now for the purpose of this statement all members returned to support the Home liule cause, would assemble together and say AVe will not follow Mr. Dillon — he has taken too active apart ill previous bitter dispute. 'We Will not follow this man- or that rnan, but will select another man who has not taken part in this dispute. I say joyfully, &tvd; with a sense of imrasnse relief, I'll place my resignation ah t.he rlisiinsal nf thfiSfi men /nhfiersli and invite them, without regard to personal feelings, ?without regard to personality, and, in the name df God and their country, to imite again, no matter who was made their leader. (Cheers.) Let the other men whose names have been shibboloths of faction meet me on this issue. (Loud cheers.) Let the Parnellites and let the itealyites, if suck there be. (CHts of *'Ko, no.') I am not aware that any nietuber of the Irish party is pre pared to go before his constituents and declare him self a Healyite. Let the Parnellites and let the Healyites, if there be any such, as Father Plynn suggested there are three parties in Ireland (no, no) — let them assemble at any time during the autumn in Dublin, and say, 'Stand aside, Dillon; stand aside, Hedmond; stand aside, Healy, and we will unite under another man,' I say I am their man, and I shall be the first to sign a pledge binding me to loyally follow that united party, (dies of ' No, no,' and cheers.) My principles are known through out the country. I am for a disciplined party (cheers), I am for a united party (cheers), and I am for maintaining that unity at anv cost. (Pro longed cheers.) I am in the hands oi this Conven tion ; I am in the hands of the country, and ulti mately in the hands of the Irish Parliamentary parties, Parnellite and Nationalist, if they will assemble and agree to follow any other man. (Great cheering.) My personality will never stand for a single hour, nor for a single moment ( in the path of Irish freedom, nor will it be allowed to stand for a single moment to obstruct the reunion of Ireland. (Loud cheers.) We do not seek fco rake over again the ashes of old controversies, we have faced the country and this Convention with this fresh pledge that we recognize it to be the duty of every Irish Nationalist to maintain an absolute independence of English political parties. (Applause.) And if that be asked in the name of union, then in God's name we give it to the world as the first article of our creed and the first rule of our life in Parliament. But let me say this word in defence of the party with which I am connected. We have been charged, and from more than one quarter, with truckling to English parties. I don't believe that we have ever laid ourselves open to that charge, but it ha? been made, and I saw and read with astonishment a statement made in this city not a fortnight ago that the object of my life was to make the National party the tail of the English Liberal party. (Ironical laughter.) We voted with the lories when the cause of Catholic Education was recently at stake, but I challenge any man to come before an Irish audience and say that I was trying to make the Irish party a tail of the Liberal party. (Cheers.) I faced the Liberal party when the men who make these charges skulked in Ireland. I stand here surrounded by the men who by their record and services are en' titled to speak, and in the name of the honour of their country and of her most sacred interests, in the name of the Christian faith they psrr^ess, 'nd of the charity which they are bound to observe, Task those who make these charges to come forward now when they have a full and attentive audience to make their complaints and state their charges, and if they have not done so I ask them to be silent for ever (prolonged cheers), and to allow Ireland to go on undistr acted by these petty, contemptiblfi, horrible, and deadly disputes which have dragged our sacred country in the mire before the people of the world, and which, I trust and hope, it will be the proud privilege of this so- called 'hole-and- corner,' and ' bogus' Convention to bury in an oblivion which no man will ever break. (Loud and prolonged cheers, which were again and again re peated.) ? Mr. Davitt — The Convention is now adjourned until to- morrow at 11 o'clock. We have received a number of messages from Queensland, Newfound land, and other places which 1 shall hand to the Press. As Mr. Dillon left the hall he received an enthu siastic greeting, being cheered again and again. 