NELLY PRESTON: OR, THE LAWYER'S CONSPIRACY. Chapter ft.—Continued;.'; By the author of 1 E F F I E S E A T O N ; " "JESSIE M S 1 LLucy, T I LTHE L EF ; A" C T O B Y G " E C S T A C E , THE O U T C A S T . " " I heard more of my master's secrets still." answered Nelly—"something that merely 'concerned myself." i "What!" exclaimed Albert. "He has been plotting against you, too ?" i "You shall judge," replied the girl. ," From what I overheard, I learned that my father made a will, by which I. shall get all the property my uncle has taken possession of. The will was in master's hands, and he made a bargain with my uncle to keep it back—master to get fifteen hundred pounds for doing BO." ] "The rascals!" 6aid Albert through his set teeth. I "But," continued Nelly, "Mr. Chipps means to overreach my uncle in the matter ; for he gave • my uncle a copy of the will, which tHe latter thought was the real one, and which he burned. The real one, however, is in a .secret drawer in master's cabinet. He doesn't dream that I know that." ; "If it could only be got hold of," said Albert. I Nelly continued—" The copy which he gave my uncle was in the closet, and when he came in for it he discovered me." j -""Confound it, that was unfortunate; and ,what was the result?" " " I was kept a close prisoner in an attic room for a week; then they put me into a large box and brought me here, where for some weeks I have been confined in an empty zoom—-"Walsh being my .gaoler." | " Confined in the same house!" exclaimed 'Margaret i " .^Jid my husband, where is he?" asked Mrs. Walsh, trembling with agitation. ) "He took ill of a fever yesterday," answered Nelly, " and to-night became delirious. In his madness he wanted to kill me, •when I made my escape from the room, and fled from chamber to chamber, he pursuing me with a knife. At last I saw a ray of light from your room, and pushing against a brick it fell, and I cried for help, and you mercifully saved me." , "And Walsh, where is he now?" inquired .everyone, in great excitement. 1 "I know not,", answered Nelly. "He .•was knocking wildly on the door of the room -when I sprang through the.aperture." ! "Wicked as he is, he must not be left alone in the madness of fever," observed Albert. " Oh! let us go and find him," pleaded bis wife. " He is my husband, and I loved him. once." They all hastily rose, and the young men getting lights, they proceeded to the painting-room, with the intention of passing through the hole in the partition in search cf Walsh. They found him lying, however, on the floor, where, he had fallen before the picture, and the knife beside him. He was still insensible; but they raised bim, and conveying him to another room, stripped him and laid him upon a bed, his much-injured wife and Margaret Clayton remaining to watch by the couch. Chapter yyL jJvEMORSE, REPENTANCE, AND FOR- • . OIVENESS. /• It is necessary that We should briefly explain how it happened that Nelly, on making good her escape from Walsh, fell into the protection of Deborah Diekson and the rest. And this leads us back to the night, or rather early morning, when Margaret and Mrs. 'Walsh were rescued from the - house in Xieeds. I That New Year's Day was spent in considering what their future course should be. iFor most of their sakes it was found 'highly jnecessary Pltx> leave Leeds. Neither Deborah jnor Harry was safe there; and Mrs. Walsh fand Margaret were both anxious to get out Jof the reach of Walsh and Boh Preston. •Albert Clayton cared little where he lived, jos far as personal safety was concerned, for, as bis enemies thought him dead, there was no fear of him being hunted after. But, as be still wished, to leave Lady Clayton and Chipps, • the lawyer, under the impression ' that he was removed out of their way, it was important that he should neither be seen nor recognised in the city. He, therefore, was inclined also to leave Leeds. The only other {members of the party were William Sime and bis mother, neither of whom apprehended any danger either from Walsh or Bob Preston; but William was a fond -and devoted lover, and if Margaret was to depart, he <;ould not think of remaining behind. In the consideration of this question one important element required to be taken. into account, and that was the financial. William Sime was a journeyman watchmaker and could find employment in any large town; but Albert Clayton had never yet learned a subsistence, and the difficulty with him was how to do it. It was highly necesiBary that it should be done. He happened jto have a few pounds in his purse, and a splendid gold watch in his fob, when immersed in Waterloo Lake, and on further examination be found a- valuable diamond pin in his cravat. These, if sold, would supply the demands on him for a short while, but as heknew notbowlong he might require to {trust to his own resources, he thought it [would be wise to use the produce only for ]iSs necessities. Ete felt that it would he {more desirable to earn something, not only ifor his own wants, but for those of the ladies /who were so far thrown on his care. He J was a long time puzzled to think how this jmight be done. Various plans occurred to •him, most of which were abandoned as im I practicable almost as soon as formed. At length one bright idea struck him, and it ap- .peared so feasible that he stuck to it. For j years past he had been a most enthusiastic i amateur photographer and he thought that !by buying the apparatus and all things necesisary he might realise something by the art. (With this view he sold his gold watch and diamond pin, and bought the requisite instruments and chemicals. The only question iiiow was where to go to put the experiment ,to the test. A very short consultation between William and himself made them fix on Manchester, and they at once removed thither and were fortunate in finding an empty :house. William Sime at once got employment in a watchmaking establishment; and Albert, under the designation of Monsieur La Fevre, commenced business as a photographer. He succeeded admirably, and was • largely patronised—Harry being a most effii«ient assistant to him. In his leisure hours 'be wrought at an oil painting, which he ithought of sending to the next Exhibition— taking for his subject the incident on the Lake when he nearly became the victim of {"Walsh. At this painting he was labouring, with Harry as his delighted helper, when "Nelly demanded his aid. f j" cr the few weeks in which they had lived ^n this secluded manner in Manchester they had been verv comfortable and happy, often rwonderEng among themselves how iSrlly rwould be getting on with her master, and rwhat would be her conjectures as to the nonappearance of Deborah in Woodhouse-lane •Jith news of Harry. Frequently they 'thought of communicating with her, but the irisk ti e- thereby ran of betraying to their •enen>:na'the place of their retreat kept them ^jleci. Little did they dreamjthat the eub- ject of their solicitude was confined at a few rooms' distance from them under the gaolership of Walsh. Her singular and unexpected appearance anions: them was hailed with extreme satis- , faction. She had not only escaped from the | camp of the enemy, but she came laden with . all their secrets. Nelly's escape would bring i matters to an issue; and Albert Clayton, | who felt that with him lay the duty cf taking j. action, was puzzled how tc proceed. The : situation was a very critical one. Lady ; Clayton and Chipps would fight the battle ! unscrupulously, and with the fiercest deter- \ mination. He was likewise aware that they J had a certain advantage on their side, inas- ; much as they would compel him to prove, j first of ail, Harrv's identity, and then his j legitimacy-two things difficult at all times, j and doubly so here on account of the private i manner in which his parents had been mar- j 1 ried. The chief witness to both matters was Deborah Dickson. Pondering over these things, Albert Clayton at length came to a resolution which gave him great relief. He resolved to consult his father's former solicitor—Mr. Ball—whom Lady Clayton had dismissed when she came into power, and put the management into the bands of Chipps. He would call upon him and lay before him all the information of which he was himself possessed. For the present, however, he decided to do and say nothing till an issue was reached in the illness of Walsh. The latter still lay delirious under his violent fever, his wife and Margaret watching closely beside him. Notwithstanding his cruelty, his neglect, and injustice, that patient, loving wife tended his sick bed with untiring devotion, gently bathing his burning brow as he lay unconscious of everything but his suffering, and striving to do her utmost to alleviate his pain. In this merciful and loving ministration she was zealously assisted by Margaret, who likewise forgot her loathing and hatred of the man who would have blasted her life and consigned her to misery. In his helplessness and affliction she was ready to return good for evil, and day and night remained by his couch, rendering him attentions which could not have been excelled by a daughter's affection. Occasionally Deborah, and Mrs. Sime and William, and even Albert Clayton, visited the room, though the latter cared not to appear in the sufferer's sight lest he might recognise him, and be filled with increased horror at beholding what he could only consider as the spirit of the murdered victim. For twenty days Walsh lay unconscious under the power of the fever, his natural rugged strength and the vigour of his constitution sustaining him under its severity, though the watchers could see that every day he grew weaker. The doctor who was called ii»did his utmost to check the disease, but his efforts seemed unavailing. At length on a mild March afternoon, as his wife and Margaret sat silent in the room listening to his breathing, which had for some time been soft, low and.regular, he stirred slightly, and when they looked they saw him open his eyies and gaze at them with intelligence. The wild blazing light of insanity was gone, the burning flush had left his face, and a calmness rested on his features. He looked steadily at both of them for a few seconds, then his eyes wandered round the apartment, and his countenance manifested surprise. Wife," he said, in a low voice, " wnat place is this we are in? This is not our house." " No, James," she gently answered. " Do you feel yourself better now?" Better?" he repeated, "what's the matter with me ?" ''You have been very ill." " Have I ? Nonsense. I have had but a long sleep, that is all. I must rise now." He tried to sit up, but to his surprise found he could not even lift his hand to his head. His utter weakness told him what she said was true. I have been ill, have I ?" he muttered. "I thought it was just a long bad dream. What has been the matter with me, and where are we ? At Eeighley's ?" " No, James," she replied. " We are in Manchester." Manchester?" he repeated, gazing at ber in astonishment. " What are we doing in Manchester? Ah, wait a bit," he suddenly added, my head is strangely confused, but it is getting clearer." He lay for some time in deep reflection, which they did not care. to interrupt. Evidently the recent past was coming to his remembrance. I recollect all now," he said; "but where is the girl—she was with me when I was taken ill." Mrs. Walsh replied by narrating the particulars of Nelly's flight, and how both she and himself had changed quarters. " And that was last night," he said. " Oh, dear, no, James. It was three weeks ago. You have been delirious all the time, and Margaret and I have watched over you." Hfe fixed upon her a look of intense astonishment. " But how do you happen to be here ?" he asked after considerable pause. " We did not think it right to remain in Leeds after—after yon night," she replied, striving to infuse no reproach into her tone, " and we came here, and have been here ever since; but, James, I think you should not speak any more now—you are very "weak, and require repose." He gave her another peculiar glance, and a blush of shame glowed for a moment on his face. " I believe you are right, wife," he said; " but I suppose it is all up now with Chipps and Lady Clayton. The girl would go right off and tell the whole batch of secrets. The lawyer, I expect is in prison, and I will be taken there as soon as I can be moved. It is very kind of you, Mary," he added, bitterly, " very kind of you to preserve me from the gallows." " Hush, James, do not speak so," she answered. "Nelly is in this house—she has never left it, and has told nothing except to us." " Ha, you are—you must be deceiving me. The girl would take the first opportunity to bo off to Leeds." "Indeed, James, I am not deceiving you," said his wife, earnestly. " What I say is true—every word; and you know I never told a lie." "No," returned Walsh, slowly; "but it the girl be here, I must see her. I shall then be satisfied. " I will bring her," said Margaret, rising and leaving the room. In a few minutes she returned, accompanied by Nelly, who went forward to his bedside, and said she was glad to know he was somewhat better. " You have not been to Leeds?" he said. " I have not," she replied. " No one there, no one out of this house, knows what I have learned, and I promise not to do 01 say anything in the matter at present." This assurance seemed to satisfy Walsh, for he turned his head to the other side of the bed. and immediately sank into a deep sleep. For many days after this he lay in a state of great prostration, quite conscious, but very weak—helpless almost as a child. Patiently and unveariedly his wife tended NEWS AND LEF c3 the while, doing her utmost to pro- j mote his comfort and restore his strength. He received her attentions in silenec. but often evinced a restless uneasiness, as if enduring mental suffering; and this he was silently experiencing to a great extent. Laid . upon that bed of sickness, and unable to ; cliase away reflection from his mind his wasted life presented itself before him in all | its hideous deformity. First of all, he thought how little he deserved such kindness at the hands of his wife. Justly might she have J Eleft I him . , to " ' himself in his agony and helplessness, for he was aware how utterly he had crushed out of her bosom the love she had once borne him, and how completely he had placed himself beyond the pale of her sympathy. Yet here she was a close atten- 3ant by his sick bed, watching him with the most tender solicitude, smoothing bis pillow . . . . . . ^ plying them ere they were uttered. All this cut him to the heart. It was leaping coals of fire on his head, and no more effectual means could have been taken to bring him to a sense of his guilt and culpability. What is there on earth more terrible , _ to .. . enatonement; but joined to this there is an *ure than the pangs of remorse! Oh, it is a dreadful realisation when the soul, deepstained with sin and crime, becomes conscious cf its guilt and sees that guilt is the light of "oral *™th. Then there is nothing but a f «arfui looking for of judgment and fiery indignation. But this is not all—this is not the wors t ; the judgment of indignation could be borne, because in enduring it there is something like the satisfying sense of making aching void of regret and self-reproach, which fills the soul with sorrow too heavy to sustain. Walsh felt this in all its horror, for he thought of the time when first he folded his youthful, blooming Mary to his heart, and whispered to her words of love. What suffering had he brought upon her, and how different it might have been! But now—now he was the worst of criminals ruined for time and ruined for eternity. For days these awful thoughts tortured him and he endured them in silence. But at last they grew too agonising to be restrained, and in very desperation he gave expression to them. It was a calm bright evening in April, and Mary sat by bis bedside alone.' She thought he was sleeping, and had drawn forth a Bible to refresh her pious spirit at the foundation of Divine blessing. Chancing to look up she saw a strange and unexpected sight. Her husband was not sleeping, as "she had supposed—he lay gazing intently upon her, and an unshed teardrop stood in either eye. So struck was she that she could only sit and look at him. " Mary," said he, " how is it that you and Meg have been so kind to me in my illness, though I have used you both so ill, and you know that I committed the worst of crimes?" " Because we bear no malice, James," answered his wife. " This book I hold in my hand teaches us to do as we have done, and i our blessed Saviour set us tfie glorious example. Your conduct has grieved us—deeply grieved us—but our feelings are more those of sorrow than of anger. We bitterly lamented your wickedness, but most of all for your own sake." "And yet, Mary," groaned Walsh, in a tone of gentleness he had not used to her for many years, " you have cause to hate me as badly as woman ever hated man. Don't you remember when I wooed and won you in the woods of Clayton, how I vowed to love and cherish you through life ? It was then that, believing my fair promises, you confidently laid your head upon my shoulder and gave your maiden heart into my keeping. Do you remember that, Mary?" " Yes, James, I remember well," sobbed the wife, through fast rising tears. " Many years have passed since then ; but what have thev brought to you? Misery, wretchedness, and woe. Here I lie this evening, all that is vile, and with the damning weight of human blood upon my soul; and there you fit, a wronged and betrayed wife, robbed of joy and peace, and all that makes life comfortable. I have thought of this as I never thought of it before. Not till Hay in my helplessness, and saw you watching devotedly over me, did I see my conduct in its horrid baseness. Would to heaven it were a dream—would that I could live my life over again. But the wish is in vain. I am lost, accursed, and self-damned." " Hush, James; do not talk thus," said Mrs. Walsh, with a shudder. " This blessed book tells us there is hope for us all. Sinners far more wicked than you have been pardoned, and " " Thatis not, cannot be true," interrupted Walsh, hastily. " A more wicked man than me never lived. No repentance can save me. One deed I have done which shuts the door of hope against me. I am a murderer." Mrs. Walsh was silent. She was sure he was alluding to the supposed death of Albert Clayton, and did not dare to undeceive him —at least before she had taken counsel of others. " I can make no atonement for my deeds," continued the remorseful man; but at least for the murder I can die. If I recover from the illness, it will only be to give myself up to justice, confess the crime, and suffer for it." His wife rose in great agitation, and with a bursting heart proceeded towards the door. "Don't leave me, Mary," pleaded Walsh. " I will return immediately," she answered, and vanished as she spoke. She was gone for some little time, when she again entered the room, and taking a seat by the bed, laid her hand on the sick man's arm. " James." she said in a solemn, impressive tone, " you were indeed guilty of an awful crime on that fearful night on Waterloo Lake. So far as your intention and belief went, you there foully murdered Albert Clayton." "I did—I did," groaned Walsh, hiding his face with one hand. " But," continued his wife, " I have strange news to tell you. A merciful Providence interposed to prevent the deed being actually committed." He suddenly took away his hand and re- S garded her with a look of amazing inquiry. ; " Yes, it is as I say. A youthful pair, walking that night near the spot heard the youth's cries. They had taken shelter behind a tree, and you passed close by them, though you did not see them. They, however, saw and recognised you. When you had disappeared on the road, they ran with all speed to the edge of the lake and saw the young man rise to the surface. At great risk the youth made his way to where he was floating and rescued him." " Mary, you are mocking me," cried Walsh, starting up and grasping her wildly by the arm. "No, James; what I state is a solemr truth. Albert Clayton is not dead. He if at this moment alive and well, and hif rescuers were Margaret and William Sime, her lover." " Alive—Albert Clayton alive!" he repeated, with quivering lips, whilst his bosom heaved to bursting. " It is false—it is a delusion ! I will not believe it." " Will you believe the evidence of youi own eyes, then?" cried a cheerful voice, and at the same moment Albert Clayton entered the room, dressed exactly as he had been when, accompanied by Walsh, he went to the Park. Walsh stared at him in bewildered and horrified astonishment. i "Come, feel me," said Albert, as, with a smile on his frank, handsome face, he approached the bed; "feel me, and convince yourself that I am not a ghost, but real flesh and blood. I didn't moan to let any of you know—at least at present—that I am still in the land of the living; but as Mrs. Walsh tells me you are full of repentance and remorse on account of my supposed death, I thought I would ease your mind a bit bv let - EVKE PENINSUL ting you know the truth. I don't think you will make a bad use of the knowledge." Thank God your blood does not lie on my soul," gasped Walsh, with a long sigh of relief. " I feel some hope now. I may abandon my wicked life and reform." " That's right," returned Albert. " It's not the thing for a fellow like you, who was once an honest, righthearted man, to give yourself up to villainous courses. You have better stuff in you, and I am sure of it. You have the making of a noble fellow, if you will only shake off the connection with Chipps, Bob Preston, and Lady Clayton, who are to the core, everyone of them. Now. what say you? Will you henceforth stick to truth, and do the right thing, and we'll stand by you, and ere long you will recover 1 your self-respect, and be happy yet with your angel of a wife?" "God bless you, sir!" exclaimed Walsh, after a violent struggle with his emotion. "Heaven help me, I will do as you say. Mary, will you—can you forgive me ?" "Gladly, James—joyfully." Chapter yyii. THE DEATH OF WALSH. Wonderful and blessed is the power of kindness, in its very gentleness and unobtrusivenesslies its strength—a strength far mightier than any violence or apparent force can exercise. Before it the stubborn will, the hardest heart, the most abandoned nature has been subdued, melted, and overcome. By it, when all else has failed, the conscience has "been reached and smitten into contrition, the sincrusted soul has been pierced into bitter repentance, the withered and scorched affections have been made to gush 'out in their old channel, and an entire change has passed upon the whole thing. Let this mighty potent power of kindnesB live and flourish in the, world. While it is the mightiest of forces it can be wielded by the weakest hand. The meek and delicate woman can cause it to put forth its strongest influence; it arms her with an irresistible might, and invests her with a holy sovereignty. Not in the earthquake of passionate reproach, not in the fire of fierce invective, but in the still small voice of love, and in love's quiet acts of devotion are to be found the strongest forceB of human agency capable of turning the most wicked hearts and renewing the basest nature. And never was its amazing power more signally manifested than in the case of Jim Walsh. For many long years be had lived in hardened depravity. Having severed all ties between himself and virtue, his nature was brutalised, bis consciencc utterly dead, his moral sense defaced, and his religious impressions obliterated. He was restrained by nothing but the consequences of human detection, no consideration of affection or gratitude could move him ; he lived and acted in utter disregard of those around him, or connected with him, wronging and injuring them without compunction, for the sake of what he conceived to be his own selfish interests. This was a state of hardened wickedness and moral abandonment which no remonstrance or expostulation or threatening could prevail against; yet kindness suddenly broke the flinty rock, and softened and subdued its stubbornness. His thoughts, feelings and desires were now totally changed towards his late victims. Not for worlds would^he now act against them in the interest o£> Chipps and Lady Clayton. On the contrary, he felt an ardent desire to baffle these plotters, and render justice to those whom they had sought so foully to defraud. A B yet be it remarked, no higher motive animated him. "•* The change of feeling was so marked and thorough that none around him doubted it. So well convinced were they of it that they freely trusted him, and conversed freely with him on all the matters. On two points they gave him information which was new, aud which greatly interested him. He had been kept entirely in the dark as regarded Harry. He knew quite well that Chipps had a peculiar interest in getting back the boy who had run away from him, and whom he had been commissioned to trace and recover, but bo did not suspect he was the only child oi Sir Humphrey's eldest son, and therefore tho true heir of the estate. The other point in which he was enlightened regarded Nelly, and the trick which Chipps had played Bob in giving him a copy of the will only, and retaining the original in the cabinet. Once, when Nelly was alone with him, he questioned her particularly as to the place in the room where this cabiuet stood, and the manner in which the lawyer touched the secret spring which gave access to the private drawer in which she had seen him deposit the document. Nelly answered as well as she was able, and he lay and pondered deeply on her replies- Walsh was not able in return to give them any new intelligence, so well did they already know the secrets of her ladyship and her lawyer; but ho was able to confirm the idea that Margaret was Sir Humphrey's daughter, and this he did frankly and positively- He had removed her when an infant from Clayton, at the instigation of Chipps, and was able to do it without suspicion, inasmuch at the very time he had an infant daughter who died, and by dressing the little body in the clothes worn by Sir Humphrey's infant child, it was supposed to be the latter. Amelia Saughton, the present Lady Clayton, who was then the artful companion of Sir Humphrey's second wife, and already aspired to be her successor, managed to drug the drink of the nurse who had charge of the baby, and while she lay insensible the change was effected and the dead child placed under her to cause the supposition that she had overlaid it. It was found, and the death so accounted for, and the poor deluded mother, then herself hastening to the tomb, kissed the cold pale lips of the infant, believing that it was the corpse of her own little Margaret. In a few days she died, and the infant of Walsh and the second Lady Clayton were laid in one grave, the grieved but deluded baronet believing that the dark receptacle received both his wife and child. Matters being thus adjusted and explained between Walsh and his late victims, the former began gradually to recover his strength. The process of convalescence was a slow one, for the fevor h:id been n^rot' and wasting, but under the tender nursing of his now happy wife, and the less cutting feelings of his conscience, he perceptibly improved, and the time came when he could rise for a few hours every day. One morning when Mrs. Walsh went into his room, she was amazed to find it empty. Jim was not in bed as usual, and his clothes were gone. In dismay and consternation, she ran and acquainted the others with the discovery. They could not believe it, thought she must have overlooked him, and ran in a body to the chamber. True enough, it was empty, and the bed had not much appearance of having been used on the previous night. They ran to the door which opened into tho close, and found it on the latch. William Sime declared that he had locked it the night before, and left the key on the inside; clearly therefore Walsh had departed, and by the door he had made bis exit. They looked at eacli other in blank and silent astonishment. Deborah was the first to speak, and in indignant agitation she exclaimed that Walsh had gone away to betray them—that his sorrow and Contrition was all a pretence, and that now their enemies would resume their machinations against them. William Sime echoed the same opinion. So did Nelly, and even Mrs. Walsh, with tears and sobs, shook her bead and feared it must be so. (TO BE CONTINUED.) ADVICE TO A YOUNG HAS. If you are in search of a situation cheer up in spite of all rebuffs, and consider the oyster, to whom an opening comes when be doesn't cxpec* THE POET ADELAIDE ' fAix B I G H T S R E S E R V E D . ] 