An Uncanny Spot. Tho most uncanny spot on tho faco of tho earth is, very likely, within tho boundaries of tho Superstition Mountains in Arizona. Tho namo was given this range of volcanic rock by tho Indians, and never was narno more appropriate. Of course, tho educated man of +n.rlotr 1,-nmmi -flint, all of tho Rtmnoro and weird phenomena to bo seen there aro the result of natural causes, and can bo easily oxpjained, but tho poor Indian who kuowB not thoso things can hardly be blamed f or having a wholesome fear of. any part of the range. Tho stories the Indians toll of tho Super stition Mountains would tako months to re peat, but tho idea of all of thom scorns to bo to impress tho fact that tho Arch Fiend who presides ovor the domain' has a hatred of tho red man and is constantly laying traps to destroy him. All who enter tho realniB of horror do so at tho risk of never coming back, and all who do como back have somo now tale to add to tho alroadylong list. Tho most terrible things told of aro tho swinging stones that turn out from tho walls of a canyon and crush tho passerby. Then thoro aro placos whore the ghosts dance ; troos that reach out their branches and entangle all'who come near them. Thoro aro caverns filled with witches and devils, and awful birds that make tho strangest , sounds. Wild animals by tho thousands como right out of tho solid rocks. Fishes, with legs como from the lakes and drown all within their reach. Fire and smoko and horrible groans and IiowIb fill tho air on all sides. To seo tho woird aspect of this uncanny rogion it is best to seleot that timo of tho month, when tho moon is ; full. Tho most interesting portion is on tHo canyon that opens on tho, north side of the range, and if an explorer will manage to got about ton miles into this during tho day timo and, after solocting a quiet spot, wait for tho moon to rise, ho can have an oxporionco ho will novor forget. In most parts of. tho world silence comos with tho night. Just tho rovorso scorns to bo tho case in tho Supei'stition Mountains. Or is this imagination P But suddonly tho air is rent with tho most unearthly shrioks that over fell on mortal oars. Again and again it comes, and rolls and echoes through the. canyons, getting woirdor 'with each reverber ation. The cry is taken up on all sides until tho mountains seem like pandemonium. But norvo yoursolf and paBS on, Keep to tho bottom of tho canyon and you will be in no dangor of a fall. Silenco will como again, and i£ you keop on you will soon sea a cone shaped mountain rising boforo you. Approach closer and a castle as porfect as any on tho banks of tho Rhino will appear porchod on its summit. Whon near enough a soft, mufflod sound of footsteps will bo hoard. What is ,itP By looking carefully a procession of panthers can bo soon walking around tho cone-shaped mountain as iE guarding tho castle on its summit. Bound and round thoy go, looking neithor to right nor : left, and though considerable noise is mado, they will not notice it. Many old hunters say that it is possiblo for a mnn to walk right across tho lino and tho panthors will not attack him. further iip tho canyon y are numerous gulohcs, into which tho moonlight falls. Ono of thom has a sort of ovorhanging lodge and beneath it appoars.a crowd of mon. Surely thoy aro talking. For thoir arms- appear to move, thoir heads turn from side to side. ; Somo have on whito olothos and others appoar to bo of diftorout colours. A poouliar sound like tho murmur of voices fills tho air. ? ? By olimbing a small canyon to tho loft tho most Btartling sight. in tho mountain can, bo seen. Suroly it is not of. this world, Tho canyon suddenly torminatos in a guloh that orossos it from sido to side At first sight it is only, an abyss of inky blackness. Liston ! . A peouliar rumbling sound can bo heard, and from tho profound depth a whito-robod figure will appear. Thon anothor and auolhor, until thoro iB a wholo procession of ghosts passing over tho brink. Many. of thom will wavo thoir arms, as if bookoning tho obsorvor. . While this is goinfj; on clouds will nppoar to float.in from tho sidos, and perhaps thundpr will bo hoard in tho distance But tho prooossion moves on and passes up a canyon, and finally disappears ovor a cliff. Silonco will follow, and tho aot will bo repeated. This canyon caunot bo travorsod furthor,,but by turning back and ontoring a small valley on tho othor side throo giants can bo scon in conforonoo. They are Bitting oloso 'to a troo, and thoir attitudes show' thom to bo intorostod in what ono of thorn is Baying, Further up tho canyon thoro is a largo olifE nnd bphind it at intorvals can, bo soon flashos of light. Thunder follows and tho ruM'Mi linnnntili vnnv fnnt will &1in1™ 'PnaciiKli. one of tho flashos may ? throw you to tho ground, and you can hoar tho hissing of hoi1 ponts.noar by. If you happon to bo im tho right placo you can hoar a grinding, sound and a rook on top of ] a clil! will swing out ward. - But it won't fall, as tho noxt shako will swing it baok. Dozons of oxporioncoB lileo thoso junt ro latod aro likoly to bofall tho night oxploror in tho Superstition Mountains, bo that wlion daylight oomos ho will fool ns if ho lias boon to j;ho infernal rogions or with Alico in Wonderland. 