Bound the Zoo. IV. ' . THE BEAR-PITS. (Written for the "Town and Country Journal."). . Custom and tradition, whereof we are -more reten- tive than we know, - have ordained as the appropriate habitation of - a bear a deep well of substantial -(masonry, at the bottom of which may be descried, . ¡not Truth, but the burly form of Bruin. In the mid mosf of the pit a pole, with cleats on either side ïor foothold, allow him to climb, "when so dispoged,' . as-Mrs.. Gamp says, to a harrow platform on a level ' (with the spectators, who are expected to requlte^the (labors of the ascent by presentation of buns. There . are no less than three of these ; structures in our Zoo, and the entertainment they afford to admirers .bf ursine gymnastics is only limited.by the caprice it>î the performers, who often seem Indifferent to the allurements of buns, though at other times they climb even without such bait to their perches, as though to enjoy a wider view of their surroundings than ' can be obtained through the barred and grated portal on the lower level. It ls noted that they do this most frequently In showery weather, doubtless be . cause the gardens are then brighter, and the green lawns more delightful to behold. At present, however, there lurks in the depths of the furthest pit one whom no splendor of horticul- tural display, no, nor proffer of countless buns, fresh Ibaked and many-curranted, shall tempt from the firm surface of what a recent Malapropism has de- signated as terra-cotta. The greatest and grimmest of his kind, the famed grizzly bear of California, though nothing in his form or .structure forbids him to climb, nay, though in j Qils giddy youth he ls not' wholly averse to such j ventures, absolutely declines, when of full age and imature understanding, to go aloft for any purpose ¡whatever. Even though his worst enemy shall have .taken refuge in the branches, all his implacable pur- pose of revenge will not lure him to ascend the tree, at whose foot he watohes with terrible patience, out- lasting the endurance of the sturdiest hunter. In another pit are two of his compatriots, an 'American' black bear- there ls a second specimen in ieoe of the cages-and a cinnamon bear. The latter differs from his companion in color only, and is rather to . be considered a variety than a distinct species. In- deed, the young of the black bear are often of the warm, brown color, distinctive of the cinnamon. ' Whichever be its tint, the. coat of these bears affords the finest and most lustrous fur of any of their kind. The remaining pit contains a common European brown bear, a beast familiar to countless generations of our ancestors. Though long extinct in Britain, it ¡holds its own in many of the wilder parts of Europe, from Finland to the Pyrenees. The brown bear is by no means aggressive, though when wounded or closely pursued tie becomes a formidable antagonist The "swashing" .blow" of his taloned paw has been known to bend a gunbarrel as though lt were a leaden pipe, or to crush like an eggshell the skull of a too venturous hunter. Squatting upright, he wields his arms with the skill of a boxer, while for any who is bold to press within his guard he has an Inner line of defence in his proverbial hug. While unmolested, ¡however, he usually avoids the encounter of man, and not being possessed with the fearful blood-thirst of the exclusively carnivorous animais, has been known to spare the most defenceless wayfarers. There are many stories showing hjs good temper and forbearance ; as of the old woman, who dimly seeing In the twilight a large animal trespassing in her gar- - den plot, drove out with blows of a broom-stick, what ehe supposed to be an intrusive cow, but was, in fact, a bear. The beast, doubtless amazed at his recep- tion, shuffled off without disputing the point. A prettier tale, and almost too strange not to be true, ls of the children who, having wandered some way into the pine woods that surrounded their Nor- wegian cottage home, were found by their mother In friendly companionship with a bear, having taken it, perhaps, for one of the little shaggy ponies of the country. They had wreathed flowers around its neck; the boy had perched himself on its back; while his sister, having gathered a handful of the wood straw- berries, was offering one by" one in her tiny palm to the lips of her monstrous playfellow! , So far as relates to the strawberries, the thing j is probable enough, since these wild fruit-not much larger than peas-are greatly to Bruin's taste, who' picks and eats them with deliberation and enjoy- j meñt; for the bear is no- true carnivore, but eats j everything that is eatable, like the pig, which he in- some other matters resembles. 'He has a strongly \ developed "sweet tooth," which he gratifies by break- ing open the wild bees' nests and devouring their honey, totally regardless of the stings. Pliny, in j whose "Natural History" one may And all manner of odd superstitions recorded, says that the bear suf- fers from dulness of sight, and voluntarily seeks a remedy in having his face well stung by the bees! The same treatment has been lately recommended, I hear, in cases of rheumatism-<a "heroic remedy," If ever there was one. Of me bears not represented in the Zoo there are the various Indian and Malayan -species, smaller and more playful in their demeanor, and more active climb- ers, than their larger relatives; and the Syrian bear, now scarce, so frequently mentioned in "Holy Writ," notably as the avenger of Elisha's insulted baldness. This is not the only connection betwéen the subject of bears and that of baldness, for the fat of the fowner has' for 2000 years at least been famous as a remedy for the latter. There remains a bear, for which the climate of this sunny land would render it difficult to provide appro- priate quarters-the white bear of the Polar seas. Not that perpetual cold is essential to the comfort of this animal, for the specimens in the London Zoo seem by no means to shun the warmth, and may be seen to bask in the sun's rays with all appearance of satisfaction. The white bear is almost perfectly amphibious. Except the otter, hardly any other ani- mal ls so well adapted alike for swimming and diving In the water and for active movement on land. It is formidable, not so much from its actual courage and strength, since those who have hunted both declare it . inferior in these respects to the brown bear, but because it is almost always hungry. It is wholly carnivorous, like the human dwellers of the regions lt inhabits, which offer no other than animal food, and makes its chief prey of the seals, lying in wait for them aa they come up to breathe, or creeping stealthily upon them at rest on shore or ice-floe. It has none of tne comfortable and* contented air of most bears, but with its long neck and snaky head looks much like a magnified ferret, and is no less cruel In, aspect than that sanguinary little animal. The hibernation or winter sleep of bears has always attracted curiosity. No animal of equal size has . this habit, which somehow seems" less surprising In smaller creatures, . like ' the dormouse. It does not take place if'the bear be removed to a warm climate, or in those sbecles which Inhabit countries where the winter is not severe. It is voluntarily undertaken and deliberately prepared for by the bear, which makes a nest with moss, grass, and that like sometimes in a cave or hollow tree, or if such be wanting builds for Itself a kind of hut of branches In the most shel- tered nook it can discover. In the case of the Polar bear a burrow In the snow serves as its retreat. On going Into winter quarters the bear is fat, having done his best'to get into that condition while the' wear ther remained open. Perhaps his appetite for sweets may proceed £*bm a need for fat and warmth produc- ing food. During Iiis rest the stomach and intes- tines become shrunken to a remarkable degree; but the 1 fat1 is not greatly .diminished, except in -a. case to be mentioned presently. The hard skin of the feet comes off, and is replaced by new, a process which the bear assists by sucking and biting its paws, thus giving rise to the odd Idea that he derived nourishment from them. The same loss and replacement of the outer sole may bo observed In a person accustomed to go barefoot, If through Illness or accident prevented from walking. I have noticed lt also in % dog whose broken leg was long unused during recovery. The bear, it may be noted while we are on the subject of his feet, is plantigrade that ls, he walks with his heels on the ground like our- selves.- Most quadrupeds walk on their-toes only, the heel being raised above the surface, and forming" what ls called the hock. The trade of. a- bear on snow or sand is singularly human in appearance. It is in ber winter retirement that the she-bear gives birth to her cubs, and from this cause, as-well as from the demand- made upon her by suckling them, emerges in a very thin condition, and with an exceedingly healthy appetite. The cubs are at first small, helpless, and clumsy; and lt was^.long believed that the mother wrought them Into shape by the process of licking, In which, like most of the carnívora, she is assiduous. Hence, of course, the proverbial expression as to "an .unlicked cub." Her courage In their defence, and her rage when bereft of them, are well known. It ls even said that her affection towards them is so lasting that she allows the cubs born In the previous winter, which have hibernated In separate quarters of their own, to join the young family in the spring, and share with them her maternal care and protection. There la something about the bear, his might, and his cunning-"he has ten men's strength and twelve men's wit'.' ran the proverb-In his queer half-human attitudes and gestures, and perhaps in the very wonder of his winter sleep, that has made him an object of su- perstition among barbarous peoples. On both sides of the Atlantic his slayers have been moved to use strange rites for propitiating the ghost of their victim; while in Scandinavia, at all events, a curious belief obtained that the hunter must by no means refer to this quarry by its name. "The old man in the fur coat," and other such periphrases, were esteemed more fitting, while the ' Laplander, with quaint solemnity^ spoke of the bear as "God's dog." The Norwegian hunters of old days used in attacking the bear a spear having a stout crosspiece on the shaft, lest the wounded animal should, like the "grim lord of Colonsay," thrust himself up the transfixing lance to deal one last avenging stroke. Xenophon, by the way, describes a like crossguai-d on the boar speajv^where with the hunter must await the onset of the furious brute in the position which modern drill appropriates to "receiving cavalry!" But of all precautions against bears the queerest are the charms, still preserved as curiosities, or perhaps with some lingering faith in their efficacy, by the sim- ple folks of Finland. They consist mostly of carica- tures more or less human in likeness, daubed rudely on birch-bark in black and red. These you were ex- pected to show to the animal, oi'if-they failed of effect, you, might put on a strangely-fashioned bristly cap like a hedgehog, the appearance of which was warranted to strike terror into the stoutest bear. .Perhaps he ex- pected it to choke him, as in the case related by the famous Munchausen, where, however, if I recollect aright, the hedgehog formed not a cap, but a kind of mitten., I have said nothing of performing bears, whose air of penitent misery seems to me piteous exceedingly, nor of the cruel old sport of bear-baiting, to which we owe more than one Shaksperlan quotation; but as my limits, and those also perhaps of the reader's endurance, are nearly reached, I will add, in conclusion, this only, that of bears, as of many otber things, the pattern is eternal in the heavens. The Great Bear, with his les- ser companion, circles unsettlng round the Northern Pole, being, for' all his unursine length of tail, not much more unlike a bear than the waggon or the dip- per, to which various races, ancient and modern, have seen fit to liken him. He does not climb that pole. Possibly there are no buns atop of it, or it may be he has other matters to at- tend to. Indeed there is ancient authority for believ- ing that he keeps a .watchful and suspicious eye upon the mighty hunter Orion. He is not to be seen in the Zoo at Sydney; but there are those amongst us who would gladly look upon him in his native North. m, C. P. 