THE "UNBIASSED LORMER. THE altercation which took place in the City Court lan Thursday between Mr. Lormer, J.P., and Mr Gaunson serves to point a moral, although it does not adorn any tale. The moral th»r the leopard cannot change his spots nor the 12 hinpian his skin, Mr. Loruier being the leopard and Mr. Ganns-m the Ethiopian. The latter gentleman has a twnper that causes him to lose his temper occasionally, but it must be admitted that on last Thursday he took his objections to Mr. Lormer very temperately, and, had Mr. Lormer displayed any symptoms of iudicial decency Mr. Ga'unson would have had no reason to lose his temper and rail in good set terms against the erring justice. Mr. Gaunson protested am last ilr. Lormer adjudicating upon a particular case befoio the court, or, indeed, upon any case in which Mr. Gaunson appeared, RR , for the reason that Mr. Lormer had personal aniuius against him, and COLS quently would be biassed ngdinst any client for whom Mr. G^unson appeal( d. There was a further reason (or objection in the fact that the case was one dealing with the operation of the Licensing Act, and Mr. Loiiuer was a shining light in temperance circles, and a light that was not disposed to hide itself under a bushel when social or political capital wa= to be made out of a public confession of his heroic; virtue and lofty principle. Mr. Lormer, Si- /Ii.iiiv, being a thoroughly impartial judge, declined to withdraw, and Mr. Gaunson's temper let itself go. Mr. Gaunson had this in his defence. He was a paid advocate, who demanded an impartial and unbiassed hearing for his client, and that hearing Mr. Lormer, to all intents and purposes, declined to ensure. It is difficult to see what reason—save the morbid desire for notoriety or the mines of the fanatic — could have prompted Mr. Lormer's ac' 03. 'lhe Board appointed at his instigation acquitted him of anything approaching corruption, but referred to him very pointedly as a justice with a decided li is where the Licensing Law was in question. The Crown Law officers issued a circular to all justices of the peace warning them against silting upon oases in which they had a hi'is. The indecency of Mr. Lormer's making his first appearance in the couit since the Bjard inquiry upon a special "publicans"' day must be obvious to ali wheu the finding of the Lormer Hoard and the Crown L iw circular are remeiiiberi-d. It' the cheel: and bravado of the proceeding do NDT EIKIW his unfitness tto occupy a seat on the Bench, they come very near it, for they show the complete impartiality of his judicial mind. Tue Lormer Board and the Crown Law officers ara wrong. Lormer is right. There is but one Lormer,and cheap notoriety is his profit. # # * It would be mere waste of time to try and show Mr. Lormer that his action Isst Thursday afforded prima /'iin'oevidence of his unfitness to hold Her Majesty's Commission of the Peace. An impartial Board, selected in consequence of his complaint against corrupt and biassed "justices, came to the conclusion that such as he should not sit on cases in which publicans were concerned His superiors, the Crown Law authorities, confirm this opinion by the issue of the circular to justices. Very evident animus has been shown between him as a temperance man and Mr. Gaunson, whobas a large client'-lc of publicans. This animus is intensified by the proceedings before the Board, when, as is generally supposed, Mr. Gaunson's efforts helped to the "potting" of Mr. Lormef. In spite of all these circumstances Mr. Lormer has the indecency or the audacity probably both, to renew his old custom of coming on publicans'day, and refusing to withdraw from a case in which his "enemy'' was appearing for o:ie side. Could there be any better proof ot Mr. Lormei's determination to run his bias" in Fpite of all the Boards or circulars in the world ? Could anything more clearly piove the possession of a mind utterly unfitted for the discharge of impartial judicial functions. THE tour of the present Austral.an Eleven, so far as it has gone, affords another illustration of the truth of the adage that it is never safe to prophtsy until you know, In this respect it bears a strong resemblance 11 the Melbourne Cup, w ..nse prophets, WHEN the numbers g.> up, find that they are not'• in tiie know.'' If we n member rightly the Cup wa-i won on it certain occasion by a h >rse calltd Zulu, with lhe Czir second. Before the race tile prophets confidently dismissed these two horses as beneath cunttmpt, had then larished the contempt upon the owner.'. Zulu had not a ghost of a show, a:id one tportiug scribe promised that if the horse won he would eat him, hoofs and all. The Czar was lauie, and it was cruelty to animals to racebim.nsi he must necessarily fall down before hdlf the distance bad b;en got over, and so forth. When the race was over Zulu was the winner and remained unbeaten, and the C:ir autocratically kept his head up and used bis ttiree good legs to help the lame one into a respectable second place. Trumble at.d Giffen may lo garded as the Zulu ar.d Czar of the .\inth A ustraiian E.even. Ail tbeciiriesappeared to be unanimous as to Trumble not being "class" enough for an Australian team, whilst many a VOICES raised in protest against Giffen, vthowas sufferingfromrbeuuiatismandwhowouldn tdo; Hns and couldn't do Hut. who would ruin the team if he were captain, and who wouldn't work at a I if aaybody else should bo appointed skipper. All these forecasts have turned out to be wrong. Gilien l'.as lost his rheumatism and is evidently workms most loyally and on the best of terms with the captain. Trott. But II,s /alu of the team is undoubtedly Trumble. He is the one individual against whose selection the public protested and the press clamoured. He is the man who has proved himself the lion of the team, scoring with both bat and ball. In the approximate averages wmip'led by the Argus, he shines out as easily first in bowling, and third in batting. Yet when he was selected in the team both press and public were unanimous in condemning _ his inclusion. The proverbial uncertainty of cricket is shown in this particular instance, and pavilion cricketers, and selectors of teams, like sporting prophets, should 7*.— never prophesy until after the numbers are up. WHAT nngnt have happened if Judge Hodges had not put his foot down in time:—Detective X. (wiping the perspiration from his forehead).— " What does the prisoner say now?" Detective /,.—" ^ _ .Vorbing. Better give him another twist of J.'/ . X gives him another twist and then nquires, " Has he convicted himself yet ?" Z. disgustedly).—" No—we'll have to roast bis feet, I suppose." X.—" Serve him right for being so obstinate. Why couldn't be convict himself without all this fuss?" They proceed to roast be feet of the prisoner-who, by-the-way, s accused of having killed a man and eaten him, but who cannot be banged without s»mc evidence of his crime being obtained, Prisoner howls "Murder!" "That's enough He'saduiitted the murder !"ex:laini3 DafcectiveX. " More than enough to hang him twice over,'' assents Detective Z. They take the hot coals away, and the prisoner is removed, groaning horribly, while Detectives X and 7, shake hands and remark simultaneously—' By jove, what Au>2on this clever bit of work will bring us when the reporters get to know about it.' ; A REI'IIESENTATIVE of a Melbourne daily went into the Metropolitan Board of Works Office and, seeing a clerk, asked-" Is the Chairman kicking round?" Just then that potentate himself appeared in a doorway, and with knightly dignity Fit?., solemnly said —" Sir, the Chairman is around,' as you term it, but he distinctly is not 'kicking, 'lhe apology that followed was mellowed by a whiskey, which is Fitz.'s nice way all over, PUKMIEK TCRN-EH'S daiiy round of work would be enough to knock the stuffing out of half-adozm navvies. Up at six, winter and summer, the first order of the day is a swim in Hegarty's baths. Tnen home in time to read the papers, fjet breakfast sDd be in town by nine. Three hours' law work starts business, and then the Treasury, where be arrives punctually at five minutes past twelve. Departmental work keeps him busy till three, law work again till five, Departmental work again till seven, after which be walks home, has dinner, and works again ttli about twelve midnight. On top of this regular round are. Cabinet and all sorts of other meetings. Then Parliament sits tbe strain becomes intense, and the Pren nearly knocks under. So that, \viien lit seeki i extend Public Servants' hours clo.-k h. cannut be said to be wanting any body to do what he doea not daiiy do himself. 