RECOLLECTIONS OF THE REV. JOHN MACNEIL. B.A. By THE REV. JOSEPH NICHOLSON. —“Spectator." It was in the spring of 1880 that I first met John MacNeil. He was then a young man of twenty-five, settled in his first pastoral charge at Jamestown, South Australia: Our friend- Ship was intimate and cordial. .Hia affectionate nature won instant and loving response. Ho was a true minister of Josua Christ from tbo start. His whole heart was aflame with love for souls. His zeal know no bounds. Not content with ordinary pastoral work, bo was over devising now plans for reaching tbo Christloas, and took special interest in tbo shearers and railway navios in tho district. It was my privilege to join him in bis first united evangelistic mission. God sot his ip-, proving seal upon tho work, and Mr MaoNoii often referred to those early successes on* oouragingly in later life. Ho was & magnifi cent .outdoor preacher. Bis powerful and melodious, voice, either in song or speech, could bo hoard from afar. Some of his ad drosses were marvels of appropriateness and power.— One of the greatest honors of my life oamo to mo while laboring side by side with him in Jamestown. God graciously gave mo oppor tunity of witnessing at tbo critical time on behalf of the doctrine of the “Fulness of tho Spirit.” It happened thus. Mr MaoNoii oamo to me under the burden of a “call" to sovor his loving pastoral tie, and ontor upon tbo work of an evangelist. I was led of God to refer to the “ endowment of power” as an essential to an evangelist,who should “triumph in every place,” and “reap every lime” he thrust in the sickle. This truth, so dear to Methodist preachers, opened up a now world of thought and hope to Uro. MaoNoii, Ho was fascinated by its attractive possibilities, and its Divine sanations. It was tbo vory truth his soul yearned for. With characteristic decision and ardour ho said ; *1 will nob rest till I got this blessing.” That night ho 'look homo an armful of books from my library on “Tbo Higher Christian Life,” Within a fort night the blessing oamo. I bad the joy of hearing him preach at a united survioo, from the words, “Have ye received the Holy Ghost since yo believed ?* Ho then confessed to “tho anointing of tho Holy Ghost.” Con versing on this epoch in his religious life on last oooaaion he was a guest in my homo, he .mado special allusion to tho bolp gained from a Mitlo hook I had lent him, Carlo’s “Bring ing in tho shoavos.” When I placed tbo same volume in bis bands, after a lapso of fifteen years,ho reverently kissed it, and (bon wrote undor my namo tbo words : “A lamp to'my foot in the darkness of I860. John MaoNoii.” Referring to this event, tho Rev. A Hard says: “Hero (in Jamestown) the Lord opened to him tbo soorot of power for sorviao by a baptism of tho Holy Ghost, to which, ho attributes all tho auocoss of bis future labors.” As tho years passed, tbo doctrine of“halinnsB” became more and more the delight of bis life, and tbo harden of bis message to Christian believer*. Ho bad wondortul resources of appeal and illustration on this theme. His book, “Tbo Spirit Oiled Life,” is one of tho clearest expositions of that Christian privilege to bo mot with, Practical difficulties are solved in tho light of cxporionca, and allure ments to holiness are pourtrayod with at tractive and Scriptural power. No wonder the book is running through edition after edition in many lands and in various languages. It moot* tbo toll need of every Christian heart. Mr. D. L. Moody was so impressed with its teaching force, that bo promptly sought per mission to publish an American edition, and generously Invited its author to visit that land as his guest, for ovongollstio services. As an evangelist, bow greatly honoured of -Opd Mr. MaoNoii hao boon I Thousands of souls throughout Australia have boon led into tbo light under his luminous Gospel message*. His letters to me from Queensland, whore ho died, are characteristic, and -chronicle contin uous Gospel victories. His flrot letter from Brisbane records: “Enquiry room returns so far show over 100 per week. -1 havo ton weeks arranged for, aod I am bogging 1000 souls for this campaign. Think of mo when it shall bo well with thee.” From Qympio later ho re ports : “Tho old chariot rolls along grandly in this colony still: lots of sinners getting in ; had 173 professed decision Isfct week. ” In his last letter from Cooklowo, ,h.c.,Boys : “I expect to bo away, from my dear ones for thirteen weeks this spell. Don’t forgot them at limes when you bare tho oar of the King; or me. Iho power of QoA fell last night - boro, and the plaoe was' a Booblra. Glory] Never booh tho like hero since old Captain Cook oaroonod tho Endeavour on tho beach close by. Alleluia I” I have written hurriedly those fow recollec tions of my dear friend at the request of tho Editor, but I trait an adequate memorial of this godly and giflod man .will bo given to tho Christian world. Tbo Rev H. B. , Macartney has already written a beautiful sketch Which I hope ho will expand into a volume, recording the triumphs of tho Gospol as proclaimed by that honoured servant of God, John MaoNoii. Mr. Nicholson deslros to acknowledge tho following donations lo tho MaoNoii Memorial Fund :—Mr. A. Hsrknoss, £I; Mr. R. Lisle, £1. - . ■ Ella—No man can kiss me- Stolla—I think you wrong yourself; I think oner could kiss yon if he first took something to braoo up on. Flooc-wolkar (to salesman at hosiery counter) —You didn’t sell to that lady? Salesman—No. I showed her some stockings that I : .told' her would fib her like a glove;. She asked ..if. they word all wool) and I said .v Yes; all' wool and a yard wide. And she fioanood off as though something- bad displeased her, For the life p( me, l oau’t guess what it was*. V . > . . 