POINTS. Woolloonoadda Election. Tozor gavs Sinolair a coat of Government whitewash lust night at tho School of Arts, Kunguroo Point. IT would have bcou far hotter for Sinolair if Tozer had stopped away and givon vont to . his twaddle elsewhere. Electors, do not have eandidutos rammed down your throats evon by tho groiit Tozer. Surely the electors havo had enough '.of Nelson's interference in Brisbano North, And gavo him his answer. It is to ho hoped WooUoongabba will do ditto with Tozor. And then look at the other folks who .wore " . on tho platform — M'Mastor 1 I'cU-ic ! ! - and Porter!!! Truly representatives of Faith,. Hope, and Charity. v StmELT the dying embers of the Political Association aro not enough to kindle nflama (if disgust in tho breasts of tlio electors' of Woolloongabba. Electors, do not bs dictated to by any Ministor.or any secret society, . Enooqeba Election. . Electors, if you wnnt- a representative : who is thoroughly iude- " ' pendent, then voto for R. W. TIiuvlow. He has by his own industry imd intelligence , worked himself into tho ohiof magistracy of this city! ' 1 SuniiLT suolia man elected to thispositioncan bo trusted to. represent you. in -Parliament with honesty nnil integrity of purpose. Eleotobs oi' ENoaai!«A. Ask Drake how much money ho received over . tho -Robb arbitration. ' ' , Bbisbane North Eleotion. It is to be hoped tho various parsons received auuh a knock over tho result of this election, That for tho futuro thoy will leavo politics alone - . . And attend to tho spiritual wants of their parishioners. Otherwise, perhaps, somo of their flocks will ho found wutiling, especially when tho dollars aro required. " - If tlicy want to enter the arona of polities, let them came out manfully, And not tiro their shots undor tlio protec tion of tho pulpit. Splendid Suite of Offices, suitable for bank or insurance company, on ground floor, Telegraph Chambers, off marble corri dor. Tlio offices aro beautifully lighted anil" splendidly fitted up. Apply curly to Business Manager. Circulation Going Ur. Advertisers will, please note that tho circulation of the Teh- graph for four weoks ended Saturday, February 22, was 349,955, which is boyond doubt the record for any paper issued iii Queensland. The Telegraph loads, other papers follow Wo challenge comparison with any daily paper in Queelisland. Pleuso note that tlio weekly circulation of the Telegraph is over 80,000. . Evorybody knows that advertisers got best value by insorting tlioir advertisements in the paper with the largest circulation. "Betond oohtaeison." The Telegraph has more than double the circulation of any other daily paper in Brisbane, therefore advertisers got more than doublo the value by advertising in it in preference to other daily papers. Try the - cheap prepaid advertising columns. Seo special advertisement. 1G words, ono insertion, for SIXPENCE. , 1G words, three insertions, ONE SHILLING," : Mr. Justice Real gives it as his own per- nnul opinion that no person should lm kopt in the lookup, except to prevent his leaving tho place, until ho is found guilty. Ant doviation from that principle ho looks upon ob taking advantage of tho law to do soinothing that' tho law docs not authorise. - The town of Cairns lias recently heon afforded the treat of a visit from 1'. Chiuoss opera company. TnE Cairns Poet, commenting on the foot, remarks that tlio Ohinoso musical standard is based on capacity for crusting noise, and tho want of a baits gong and second galvanised iron washing tub was a serious defeat in ths company's efficiency. The ohopstick man was, howovor, up to his work. The season was not a snesossful one, and foivurds its termination the various artists kept an almond cyo upon tlio manager, in anticipation of tho hour when tho" ghost" would forgot to walk.. One of tho Muokuy papers, in speaking of tho retirement uf two gentlemen from tho divisional and harbour boards, says :— r "Both gontlomoii can ho ill -spared from theso councils, to which thoy have at all times lout an integrity und. inlelugouuo whioh will ho greatly missed," The intelligence may he all right, but tlia iufovqiiGo with respcut to tho "integrity" is that by these gentlemen's retirement" thoro will not bo much loft. Does this state of things oxtst. at Miiokay t A CiiAUTKns Towkus papur speaking of tho production of "Dorothy" by a Townsvillo sooioty coiifossos a grout weakuoss. 'It says, " Our visitors . . . wear short skirls uud higli- kiok with an abandon quits surprising in umuteiirs." Mr, Francis Thomas Felix Keobh, ovor whose ouormous handle so many Vail oy cleotora oamo a " nuiekor," Threatens to got that iiaino printed on tho Valley hallot-papors next clootion all tho samo. But then, you seo, long names will be quite tho fashion. For the roprcsontativo of royulty will bo amongst ns, and is not his mime , Charles Wallace Alexander Napier Ross Cochrane Baillie ? Some papor bus hail tho temerity to institute ouiuus comparisons . hotwoon Mr. , Thnrlow and his Enoggoin opponent. Now,- though mnn liko Mr. Tliurlowuro not to tho manner horn altogether, still thoy generally sueooed in dealing somo frightfully heavy and sudden blows from ttie platform. It wuu urged against the Mayor that ha laoked Mr. Drako's experience. Heue was aii opportunity if ovor ono oll'ored. , 'Did a man who .worked himsolf up from a boy receiving 2s. ad. 'a wcok to u business man controlling n trudo turning ovor £190,000 a year, and employing 00' moil, seem to lauk experience P , ' . " . That wua.a very porlinont question, tha answer to whioh stands over until Saturday week. . ; 