AB. MAUGHABN'S DEFENCE. To T? ETDrro OF TO! QEONSOL D TIcBS. sm,-IMy. letter, .which appeared in your issue of the 16th instant, stated, amongst other things, "that Mr. Maughan's.dofence was like a: man -of straw---no'defence at all;", and, again,, "that the pposition he had possessed himself of pn the stage was untenable.", Let us see i ..that be true. For this purpose,, submit the following three questions, which contain all that is left of the eight columns or so of matter .which appeared lately in the Queelnsland Tmes above.the signature of " W, Ryott Maughan," after having undergone the process of cremation. Lepers being on the increase, it was therefore necessary to purify the leprous natter, by fire for tear of onhtagioq. That having been .done, i will now proceed. ' Q ueption I: In yqur opinion, which of tbe two ,persons hereunder described acts the.part of a trickster-the one who writes honourably under a osw-de-plume, or the one who writes, and then seeks to shelter himself under a enbterfuge- . .. Question 2: Is the construction put on the quotatiao or extract sald by.Mr. Maughan to be taken from the encyclical letter of Pope Leo IXIm. the construction meant by the Pope ?. So as to enable the many thousands interested in this ~itter (Mr. Maughsn is my authority) to give an opinpnand judgeto whomthe epithet ofl ' hashmongso" neatly belongs (the ppear emce 'of om Pepper's.ghost:in our;midst will also :b:'ooounte tor), he. writerrefere those many :houusndi to the letter of Pope Leo 'XIU inKthe .eiews of iReviws. . , .'Question 8:. When alluding to.Charles Lilley, how came it. to pass that Mr.'Maeghan over looked the name of Bishope Tufnell, of 'he Churoh,*of. England,,: and that of Bishop O'Quinn, of the RomnaOatholic Chroh. l.rMtrI togban'd conoeit of iqlf is.on oa par with hisiraelonts .appetite, for spolling pen, ink, and paper., Otherwiae;he would not have erpeoted the eodalled " barbarians" to pat him 'on the; cheek. aote him £160 a year, and hand over to hise keeping all ,that they. (the " barbarians") .hold most dear and. sacred.Ln thtafie. .. rlee to .ir the results, and oblige .. : ,.ei , y. ours, &o;, . SAND AGAIN. Ipswloa, April 18. 