P HBO SO. -;. , By ANTHONY HOPE, ? Author of 'TheJBrisoner of Zenda.' \- (Published by special arrangement wilhthe author. ?f ? . ? All rights reserved.*] S? Chapter VI.— The Poem ob1 One^-Eyed !&. -'??????' Alexander. Iv ' There is a matter in my conscience which I v can't excuse, but may as well confess. To S' deceive a maiden is-a very sore thing — so core that; it bad made us ail hot against Constan ; - tine ; but it may be doubted by a cool mind 2= whether it is worse, nay, ?whether it tb as tad, ;: as to contrive the murder of a lawful wife. ? Gods have paid more attention to the first — : maybe they knew more about it — the law finds r Greater employment on the whole in respect to ??'? the latter. For me, I admit that it was not till :,?' I found myself stretched on a mattress in the &? kitchen with the idea of getting a few. hours' h sleep that it struck me that Constantine's wife t- deserved a share of my concern and care. Her -f.-': grievance againBt him was at least as gloat, ae ??'??? Euphrosyne s ; her peril was faY greater. For ?? Euphrosyne was his objeot— Francesoa (for :i- . that appeared from Vlacho's mode of address ?' - to be her name) was an obstacle that prevented ;' bis attaining that object. For myself, I should ?,' have welcomed a cut throat if it came as an : alternative to Constantine's society; but i' probably his wife would not agree with me ; ;- and' the conversation I had heard left me in U little doubt that her life was not safe. They ; could not have an epidemic^ Vlacho had pru * dently reminded his master ; the island fever ? '? Could not kill Constantine's wife and our party all in a day or two. Men suspect such obliging maladies— and the old lord had died of it, pat ? to the happy moment, already ! But if the thing could be done, if it could be so managed that London, Paris, and the Riviera ,- would find nothing strange in the dis appearance of one Madame StefFanopouJos and the appearance of another, why, ? . to a certainty, done the thing would be —unless I could warn or save the woman in the cottage. And I did not see how to do that. So (as I set out to confess) I dropped the sub ject!. And when I went to sleep 1 was think ing, not how to save Francesca, but how to console Euphrosyne — a matter really of less urgency, as I should have seen had not tbe echo of that sad little cry still filled my ears. The news that Hogvardt brought me when I woke in the morning and was enjoying a slice Of cow steak by no means cleared my way. An actual attack did not seem imminent — I fancy these fierce islanders were not too fond of our revolvers— but the house was, if I may use- the term, carefully picketed, and that both before i ' and 'behind. Along the road that approached it in front thero stood sentries at intervals. They were stationed just out of range of ©ur only effective long distance weapon, : . but it was evident that egress on that side was barred, and the same was the case on the other. Hogvardt had seen men moving in the Wood and had heard their challenges to one another repeated at regular intervals. We ' were shut off from the sea ; we were shut off from the cottage. A blockade would reduce us as well as an attack. And I had nothing to offer except the release of Euphrosyne. _ And to release Euphrosyne would in all likelihood net -save us, while it would leave Constantine free to play out his ghastly game to its ap pointed end. I finished my breakfast in some perplexity of spirit. Then I went aud sat in the- hall, expecting that Euphrosyne would appear from 'her room before long. I was atone,, for the vest were engaged in various occupations, Hogvardt being particularly busy \- over a large handful of hunting kniveB that he had gleaned from^the walls. I did not understand what he wanted with them, unless he .wanted to arm himself in porcupine fashion. Presently Euphrosyne came, hut it was a transformed Euphrosyne. The kilt, knee . breeches, and gaiters were gone. In their place ?was the white linen garment with flowing Bleeves and the loose jacket over it, the national dress of the Greek woman, but Euphrosyne's was ornamented with a rare ' profusion of delicate embroidery and of so fine aTtexture that it seemed rather like some delicate soft yielding silk. The change of attire seemed re flected in her altered manner. Defiance was gone, and appeal glistened from her eyes as Bhe stood before me. I sprang up, but she would not sit. She stood thero, and raising her glance to my face, asked simply, ' Is it true ?' In a business like way I told her the whole etory, starting from the every day scene at home in the restaurant, ending with the vil lainous conversation and the wild chase of the . night before; When I related that Constan tine had called Franoesca his wife, Euphrosyne shivered. While I sketched lightly my en counter with him and Vlacho she eyed me with a sort of grave curiosity, and at the end ehe said, ' I'm eo glad you weren't killed.' It was not an emotional speech, nor delivered with any etnpressenient, but I took it for thanks and made the best of it. Then at last she sat down and rested her head on her hand ; her absent air allowed me to etudy her closely, and I was : struck by a new beauty which the bizarre boy's dress bad concealed. Moreover with the \- doffing of that she seemed to have put off her extreme hostility ; but perhaps the revelation I had made to her, which si) owed her the victim of an unscrupulous schemer, had more to do with her softened air. Yet she bore the story firmly, and a quivering lip was her ex \- t^nw sign of grief or anger. And her first ' question was not of herself. 'Do you '--mean that they will kill this 1 from an ?' she asked. ' I'm afraid it's not unlikely that something ;. will happen to. her,. unless, of course ? ' I paused, but her quick . wit supplied the omis sion. ' Unless,' she said, ' he lets her live now be cause I am .out of his hands.' ' Will you stay out of his hands?' I asked. 41 1 mean as long as I can keep you out of them,' She looked round with .a troubled expres sion. ' How can I stay here ?' she said in a low tone. — ?? ' You will be .as safe here as you were in your mother's arms,' I answered. She acknowledged my promise with a move ment of her head; but a moment later she : cried— 'But I am not with you— I am with the people! This island is theirs and mine. It is not yours. I will have no part in giving it to you.' \- ' .lOojUrright 1896 in the United States of America by i,ftanitej 'I wasn't proposing to take pay for my hos pitality,' said I. 'It'll be hardly handsome enough for that, Fm afraid. But mightn't we leave the, question for a moment? And I described briefly to her our present position. 'So that,' I concluded, *' while I maintain my claim to the island, I am at present more interested in keeping a whole skin on myself and my friends.' 'If you will not give itup I can do nothing,' said she. 'Though they knew Gonstantine to be all you say, yet they would follow him, and not me, if I yielded the island. Indeed, they would most likely follow him in any case. For the Neopatians like a man to follow, and they like that man to be a Steffanopoulos ; so they would shut their eyes to much in order that Constantine might marry me and become lord.' She stated all this in a matter of fact way, disolosing no great horror of her countryman's moral standard. The straightforward bar barouanesa of it perhaps appealed to her a little ; she loathed the man who would rule on those terms, but had some toleration for the people who set the true dynasty above all else. And she spoke of her proposed marriage as though it were a natural arrangement. ' I shall have to marry him, I expect, in spite of everything,' she said. I pushed my chair back violently. My English respectability was appalled. ' Marry him V I cried. ' Why, he murdered the old lord.' 'That has happened before among tbe Stef fanopouloi,' said Euphrosyne with a calmness dangerously near to pride. ' And he proposes to murder his wife,' I added. 'Perhaps he will get rid of her without that.' She paused, then came the anger I had looked for before. 'Ah, .but how dared, he swear that he had thought of no one but me and loved me passionately? He shall pay for that.' Again it was injured pride that rang in her voice as in her first cry. It did not souna like love, and for that I was glad. The courtship had probably been an affair of State rather than of affection. I did not ask how Constantine was to be made to pay, whether before or after marriage. I was struggling between horror and amusement at my guest's point of view. But I take leave to have a will of my own, even sometimes in matters that are not exactly my concern, and I said now with a composure that rivals Euphrosyne's — 'It's out of the question that you should marry him. I'm going to get him hanged ; and, anyhow, it would be atrocious.' bhe smiled at that; but then ehe leaned forward and asked — ' And how long have you provisions for?' 'That's a good retort,' I admitted. 'A few days, that's all. And we can't get out to procure any more, and we can't go on shooting, because the wood's infested with these ruff — I beg pardon — with your countrymen.' 'Then it seems tome,' said Euphrosyne, ' that you and your friends are more likely to be hanged.' Well, on a dispassionate consideration, it did seem more likely, but she need not have said so. And she went on with an equally dis couraging good sense. 'There will be a boat from Rhodes in about a month or six weeks. The officer will come then to take the tribute, perhaps the Governor will come. But till then nobody will visit the island, unless it be a few fishermen from Cyprus.' ' ' Fishermen ? where do they land ? At the harbor ?' 'No. My people do not like them, though the Governor threatens to send troops if we do not let them land. So they corne to a little creek at .the opposite end of the island on the other side of the mountain. Ah, what are you thinking of ?' Aa Euphrosyne ' perceived, her words had put a new ideain my mind. If I could reach that creek aud find fishermen and persuade them to help me, or to carry me aud my party off, that hanging might happen to the right man after all. ' You're thinking you can reach them ?' she cried. 'You don't seem sure that you want me to,' I observed. 'Oh, how can I tell what I want? If I help you I am betraying the island. If I do ' You'll have a death or two at your door, and you'll marry the biggeBt scoundrel in Europe,' said I. She hung her head and plucked fretfully at the embroidery in the neck of her dress. 'But, anyhow-jrou couldn't reach them,' she said. ? ' YoflTOTe close prisoners here. ' That, again, seemed true, so true that it put me in a very bad temper. Therefore I rose and leaving her without much ceremony etrolled into the kitchen. Here I found Watkins dressing the cow's head, Hogvardt surrounded by knives, and Denny lying on a rug on the floor with a small book, which he seemed to be reading. He looked up with a smile which he considered knowing. ' Well, what does the captive queen say?' he asked with levity. 'She proposes to marry Constantine,' I answered, and added quickly to Hogvardt, 'What's the game with these knives, Hog?' ' Well, my lord,' said Hogvardt, surveying his dozen murderous inetruments, 'I thought there was no harm in putting an edge on them in case we should find a use for them,' and he fell to grinding one with great energy. 'I say, Charley, I wonder what this yarn's about 1 I can't construe half of it. It's in Greek, and it's something about Neopatia; and there's a lot about a Steffanopoulos. 'Is thero? Let's see,' and taking the book I sat down to look at it. It was a slim old book, bound in calfskin. The Greek was written in antique style ; it was verse. I turned to the title page. 'Hullo, thin is rather in teresting,' I exclaimed. ' It's about the death of old Steffanopoulos— tbe thing they sing that song about, you know.' In fact I had got hold of the poem which One-Eyed Alexander composed. Its length was about 300 lines, exclusive of the refrain which the islanders had chanted, and which was inserted six times, occurring at the end of each fifty lines. The rest was written in rather barbarous iambics — and the sentiments were quite as barbarous as the verso. It told the whole story, and I ran rapidly over it, translating here and there for the benefit of my companions. The arrival of the Baron de Eyonuille recalled our own with curious exact ness, except that he come witu one servant only. He had been taken to the inn as I had, mt he had never escaped from there, and had -een turned adrift tbe morning after hisarrival. I took more interest in Stefan and followed eagerly the storyof how the islanders had come, to his house and demanded -that he should re voke the sala - Stefan, however, was ob etinate ; it lost the lives of four of -his assailants before his housewas forced. Thus far I read and expected to find next an account of a melee in the halL But here the story took a turn unexpected by me ; one that might make the reading of the old poem more than a mere pastime. ' But when they had broken in,' said One Eyed Alexander, 'behold the hall was empty, and the house empty. And they stood amazed. But the twe eousins:of the lord, who had been the hottest in seeking his death, put all the rest to the door and were themselves alone in the house, for the secret was known to them who were of the blood of the Steffanopouloi. Unto me, the bard, it is not known, yet men say they went beneath the earth, and therein the earth found the lord. And certain it is they slew him, for in a space they came forth to the door bearing his head ; and they showed it to the people, who answered with a great shout. But the cousins went back, barring the door again ; and again, when but a few minutes had passed, they came forth and opened the door, and the elder of them, being now by the traitor's death become lord, bade the people in and made a great feast for them. But the head of Stefan none saw again, nor did any see his body ; but body and head were gone, whither none know, saving the noble blood of the Steffanopouloi, for utterly they disappeared, and the secret was securely kept.' I read this passage aloud, translating as I went. At the end Danny drew a breath. ' Well, if there aren't ghosts m this house there ought to be,' he remarked, ' What the duece did those rascals do with the old gentle man, Charley ?' ' It says they went beneath the earth.' ' The cellar,' suggested Hogvardt, who had a prosiac mind. 'But they wouldn't leave the body in the cellar,' I objected, 'and if, as this fellow says, they were only away a few minutes, they couldn't have dug a grave for it. And then it says that they ' There in the earth found the lord.' 'It would have been more interesting,' said Denny, 'if they'd told Alexander a bit more .about it. However,' I suppose he consoles himself with his chant again ?' ' ' He does. If follows immediately on what I've read and so the thing ends.' And I sat looking at the little yellow volume. ' Where did you find it, Denny ?' I said. 'Oil, on a shelf in the corner of the hall, between the Bible and a Life of Byron.' I got up and walked back to the hall. I looked round. Euphrosyne was not there'. I inspected the hall door, it was still locked on the inside. I mounted the stairs and called at the door of her room ; when no answer came I pushed it open and took the liberty of glancing round ; she was not there. I called again, for I thought she might have passed along the way over the hall and reached the roof as she had done before. This time I called loudly. Silence followed for a moment. Then came an answer in a hurried, rather apologetic tone, 'Here I am.' But then the answer came, not from the direction that I had expected, but from the hall, and looking over the balustrade I saw Euubrosyne sitting in the armchair. ^This,' said I, going downstairs, 'taken in conjunction with this,' and I patted One Eyed Alexander's book, which I held in my hand, 'is certainly curious and suggestive.' 'Here lam.' said Euphrosyne with an air that added, ' I've not moved. What arff-you fiTinnMnir fnr?' ' Yes, but you wern't there a minute ago,' I observed, reaching the hall and walking across to her. She looked disturbed and embarrassed. ' Where have you been ?' I asked. 'Must I give an account of every move ment ?' said she, trying to cover her confusion 'with a show of haughty offence. The coincidence was a really remarkable one. It was as hard to account for Euphrosyne's disappearance and reappearance as for the vanished head and body of old Stefan. I had a conviction — based on the sudden intuition that one explanation must lie at the root of both these curious things— that the secret of which Alexander spoke was a secret still hidden — bidden from my eyes, but known to the girl before me, the daughter of the Steffano pouloi. '1 won't ask you where you've been if you don't wish to tell me,' said I carelessly. She bowed her head in recognition of my in dulgence. 'But there is one question I should like to ask you,' I pursued, ' if you'll be so kind as to answer it. 'Well, what is it?' 'Where was Stefan Steffanopoulos killed, and what became of his body?' As I put my question I flung One-Eyed Alexander's book open on the table beside her. She started visibly, crying, 'Where did you get that?' I told her how Danny had found it and I added, 'Now, what does beneath the earth mean? You are one of^the house and you must know.' ?'* ' Yes. I know ; but I must not tell you. We are all bound by the most sacred oath to tell no one.' 'Who told you?' 'My uncle. The boys of our house are told when they are 15, the girls when they are 16. No one efse knows.' 'And why is that?' She hesitated, fearing perhaps that her answer would itself tend to betray the secret. ' I dare tell nothing,' she said. ' The oath binds me ; and it binds everyone of my kindred to kill me if I break it.' 'But you've no kindred lefft except Con stantine, I objected. 'He is enough. He would kill me.' 'Sooner than marry you?' I suggested rather maliciously. 'Yes, if I broke the oath.' 'Hang the oath 1' said I impatiently. 'This thing might help us. Did they bury Stefan somewhere under the house ?' ' No, he was not buried,' she answered. ' Then they brought him up and got rid of his body when the islanders had gone ?' ' You must think what you will.' 'I'll find itout,' said I, 'if I pull the house down in the process. Is it a secret door She had colored at the question. I put the latter part in a low eager voice, for hope had come to me. 'Is it a way out .?' I asked, leaning over to her. She eat mute, but irresolute, embarrassed and fretful 'Heavens,' I cried impatiently, 'it may mean life or death to all of us, and you boggle over your oath !' My rude impatience met with a rebuke that it perhaps deserved. . With a glance of the utmost-scorn Euphrosyne asked coldly — 'And what are tbe lives of ail of you to 'True, I forgot,' said tf with a bitter polite-' ness. 'I beg your pardon. I did. you all the service I- could last night, and now I and my friends may as well die as live ! But, by God, I'll pull this place to ruin, but I'll find your secret!' I was walking up and down now in a state of some excitement. My brain was fired with the thought of stealing a march on Constan tine through the discovery of his own family -secret. Suddenly Euphrosyne gave a little soft clap with* her hands. It was over in a minute, and she sat blushing, confused, trying to look as if she had not done it at alL 'What did you do that for,' I asked, stop ping in iront of her. ' Nothing,' said Euphrosyne. 'Oh, I don't believe that ' said L She looked at me. 'I didn't mean to do it,' she said again. 'But can't you guess why?' 'There's too much guessing to be done here,' said I impatiently ; and I started walking again. But presently I heard a voice say softly and in a tone that seemed to address no bodyin particular — me least of all. 'We Neopatians like a man who can be angry— and I began to think you never would.' ? 'I am not the least angry,' said I with great indignation. ' I hate being told that I am angry when I am merely showing firm ness.3' Now at this protest of mine Euphrosyne saw fit to laugh — the most hearty laugh she had given since I had known her. The mirthful ness of it undermined my wrath. I stood still opposite her, biting tbe end of my moustache. 'You may laugh,' said I, 'but I'm not angry ? and I shall pull this house down— or dig it up— in cold blood, in perfectly cold blood.' 'You are angry,' said Euphrosyne, 'and you say you're not. You are like my father. He would stamp his foot furiously like that and say, ' I am not angry, I am not angry, Phroso/' 'Phroso !' I had forgotten that diminutive of my guest's classical name. It rather pleased me, and I repeated gently after her, ' Phroso, Phroso !' and I'm afraid I eyed the little foot -that had stamped so bravely. ' He always called me Phroso. Oh, I wish he were alive ! Then Constantine ? ' ' Since he isn't,' said I, sitting by Phroso (I must write it, it's a deal shorter), by Phroso 8 elbow. *' 'Since he isn't? I'll look after Con stantine. It would be a pity to spoil the house, wouldn't it?' 'I've sworn,' said Phroso. 'Circumstances alter oathd,'' said I, bending till I was very near Phroso's ear. 'Ah !' said Phroso reproachfully, 'that's what lovers say when they find another more beautiful than their old love.' I shot away from Phroso's ear with a sudden* backward start. Her remark somehow came home to me with a very remarkable force. I got off the table and stood opposite to her in an awkward and stiff attitude. 'I am compelled to ask you for the last time if you will tell the seoret ?' said I in the coldest of tones. She looked up with surprise; my altered manner may well have amazed her. She did not know the reason of it. 'You asked me kindly and— and pleasantly, and I would not. Now you ask me as if you threatened,' Bhe eaid. 'Is it likely I should tell you now ?' Well, I was angry with myself and with her because she had made me angry with myself, and the next minute I became furiously angry with Denny, whom I .found standing in the doorway that led to the kitchen with a grin of intense amusement on his face. 'What are you grinning at?' I demanded fiercely. 'On, nothing,' said Denny, and his face strove to assume a prudent gravity. 'Bring a pickaxe,' said I. Denny s face wandered towards Pliroso. ' Is she as annoying as that ?' he seemed to ask. ' A pickaxe 1' he repeated in surprised tones. 'Yes, two picKaxes !' I'm going to have this floor up and see if I can find out the great Steffanopoulos Becret.' I S2'oke with an accent of intense scorn. Again Phroso laughed ; her hands beat very softly against one another. Heavens, what did she do that for when Denny was there watch ing everything with those shrewd eyes of his. 'The pickaxes !' I roared. Denny turned and fled ; a moment elapsed. I did not know what to do— how to look at Phroso or how not to look at her. I took refuge in flight. I rushed into the kitchen in pretence of aiding or hastening Denny's search. 1 found him taking up an old pick that stood near the door leading to the compound. I seized it from his hand. ' Confound you 1' I cried, for Denny laughed openly at me ; and I rushed back to the hall. But on the threshold I paused and said what I will not write. For, though there came from somewhere just the last ripple of a mirthful laugh, the hall was empty 1 Phroso was gone ! I flung the pick axe down with a clatter on the boards and ex claimed in my haste— 'I wish to heaven I'd never bought the island !' But I did not really mean that. (To be continued.) 