Country Correspondence. TANUNDA. January 16. The annual meeting of subscribers of the Tanunda Institute was held to-night in the Readiag-room. The President (Mr. J. H. Walden, J.P.), presided over a small atten dance. The total income for tbe year was £46 15s., the expenditure £52 Is. Id., and credit balance £50 7s; lid. -Daring- the year 143 volumes in English and German have been purchased. The' library how contains 2,400 volumes. Much regret was felt at the reduction of tha grant in a»d, and hopes -were expressed that, the Govern-, ment would see their way not to give a decreased grant. The following' officers were elected for the ensuing 'year : — Pre- sident, Mr. J. H. WaWeu; Vice-President; Wr. J. E. Juttner ; Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. H. C. Rundle ; Committee, Messrs. d. Auricht, C. vou Bertouch, Jan., J. Jacob, Jan., and L. Aim ; Auditors, 'Mr. S. von Bertoach, J.P., and Mr. E, Anrioht. . ? ja— ? : ? /: HAMLEY BRIDGE, January 20. The rain. O 600 in., which fell last week, was appreciated by many who were in want of water. The rain wbs bo steady that none ran into waterholes. The weather is again very sultry and threatening. ' Farmers having sold juet sufls.eient whea| to meet immediate demands, very /little -is now being carted, the balance having been. sfcaplrni? in the fipl^a j»nT? Anvered. or in abeds' It will be carted only as necessity requires. On Thursday, January 9, Mr. J. W; Castine, M.P., lectured before; the Literary Society, the subject;, 'My wife and I,' proving most interesting to a fairly large audience, ? ~ Tbe Alma Sonth Encea took place on the 22nd iofit. The course, , which ; is ritofited about two miles north of Hatnley Bridge, is fairly well adapted to racing, bnt very bare of trees to afford shelter to i' Waiters; About 150 to 200 people assembled, and had a pretty good afternoon's sport, the results being as follows :— Maidene^pbnVTafGfiost.r ^; Alma South Handicap — Dollar, St. Helena Bomba rah second in this race, but was disqualified for weighing in wrongly* Handicap Trot^-Bismarek; Professor. Limited Handicap— Tariee.Clnbs. : Consolation— The Ghost, St. Helena. HurrjfSfcorry-- Woodbird. : 