They n -sJ: Who are the girls ui*lrunswick-road that go over the t rLito play see-saw. Surely not Alice aiLby. Who is thegirkin. Coburg that lit a cattle- wheel tinrew it at Mary, who nearly faj and said she saw the ghost .a girl doing the skirt dance. Stre. not K. W. Who are the two girls of Coburg that are always talking Irish. Surely not Kangaroo Kit and Wattle Blos som. In works of tarring house or sill acke up' G :.. Old Satan finds some mischief still For larrikins to do. Who is the chief of- the larrikin Army in the far west? Why their martial of course. A butcher may- do harm to himself and others, if he sells a bad tongue, but he is sure to do so if he wags one. A bad game Mr. larrikin king. -Who was the woman sprinkling disinfectant about Prentice-street. I say Jim your father has not got the pony yet, that he said he would buy for you if you went .to Sun day school. I would start at once. A butcher up west With a loud tongue is blest He thinks nature made him a poet *But nature only made him an ass With just enough sense to know it. There is a boy that works at Pipers, they call him terrible Jim, he kids himselfa jockey, but never has been on a horse's back. He nevar buys any smokes, for he shakes everyone he has. Who is the bloke.that gave L. D. a pair of cotton gloves. J. L, said his dad would keep him .n tobacco if he would smoke a pipe, 'so he is giving up Duke's Cameo. Who if the young jockey down East that is trapping all the .nice girls. Surely not Vondar with the fringe. Snap Shots-has no more power than any Doctor. Tom Mac is Brunswick's champion sneerer. They say ha has bought a 6d. bottle of hair restorer for his mo. Who is the chap that would sooner lose a trip of bricks than miss seeing his Lizzie. He must be frightened she would run away with someone else. What is that paint brush of Tierney's made of. Why? 'Vander" fnringe. Do you think boys that bull's-wool is growing down East. There is a boy in Coburg lads He wears his hair in curling pads, He is a very lankey bloke With a neck 'just like his old grey moke. g And every Sunday he goes to the park With his big necked 'donah to have a lark, Then his donah goes home from the park in disgust While all the lads shy them with monr key nuts Then Softy says it is really too bad, That it makes his donah feel so sad Ano he thinks that his donah is such a dear; She would be if she left off ginger beer. The Jelly jar is on the shelf And Allen stands and helps himself, There is no time to take a spoon,' For someone may- be coming soon ' So in his busy fingers go, How jolly good it is, ho! holl But soon he starts in quick surprise Mamma looks in with sober eyes Why Allen! How can you do so That is not nice at all, you know, Not nice mammal he laughs in glee Just take a taste and then you'll see.. Who is the girl that says all the boys smile at her. Surely not J. S. Look out Lird Brassey for hat pins. Are you still looking for a girl Snowie, there are plenty. Mrs. L. would look charming on a bike if dressed in Rationals. She ought to join the New Woman's League, her tongue would make her invaluable at their meetings. Who is the young old woman who thought no one could sing like her self at the Emigrants home. Surely not Jessie of Brunswick, Who is the most conceited. Fop that answ-rsito the name of Jack'?. Who is the bloke in Coburg that was seen cleaning his teeth with salt. Passion does it all: is the way He gives us rules for to play cricket, Sweet apples to eat, and passion fruit That we may all be fed Then never let us make a mistake, While playing under Passion's rules But weshall think how good. Passion IS And ever thankful be. North require m58 runs to defeat the East. Jack Sinclair made twolducks again st the Lyndhurst. Belmonts were defeated last Satur day for the first time this season. Newsome scored i5 runs off one of Puddy's overs. 