THE STORY-TELLBBJ V - j ÎH THE DEAD VALLEY. TÄ» NIGHT OF TEBAQ» **1pfc Adams Cm» Conclusion. - * My weakened brain waa ia a tit moil. Was it all but the floating pbao tasms of delirium P Or bed the horror o the real thing blotted Nils' mind int« blankness so far es the events of th " alf ht in the Dead Valley were concerned The latter explanation seemed the onlj on», else how expain the sodden illnesi irhiflh in a night had struck us botl ¿ownP I said nothing more either t< Nils or to my own people, bnt waited with a Brewing determination that, one« wall again, I would find that valley if ii really existed. 'It Was some weeks before I was reallj well enough to go, but finally, late ii September, I ohos» a bright, warm, still day, the last «mile of the dying summer »nd started early iu the morning along th< path that led to Hallsberg. I was sure J knew where the trail strack off to tb« right, down which we had eeme from thc valley of -dead water, for a great tree grew bj the Ballsberg path at the point where, with a sense of salvation, we had fennd tte home road. Presently 1 saw it to the right, a little distance «head. ' I think the bright sunlight and the olear air had worked as a tonic to me, foi by the time I came to the foot of the great pine I had quite lost faith in the verity of the. vision that haunted tue, believing at last that it was indeed but the nightmare of madness. Neverthe- less, I turned sharply to the right at the base of the tree, into a narrow path that led through à dense thicket. As I did BO 1 tripped ever something. A swarm of .flies sung ont into the air around me, and, looking down, I saw the matted fie ce, with tbs poor little bones thrusting through, of the dog we had bought in Hallnberg. 'Then my courage went ont with a puff, and I knew that it was all true, and that now I WBB frightened. Pride and «be desire for adventure urged me on, however,, and I pressed into the close thicket that barred my way. The path was hardly visible; merely the worn road of some Small beasts, for though it showed in the crisp grass, tho hushes above grew thick and hardly penetrable. The land rote slowly, and rising grew clearer, until at last. I cams ont on a great slope of hill, \- unbroken by trees or shrubs, very like iny memory of that rise of land we had topped in order that we might find the Dead 'Talley and the loy fog. I looked at the ann; it >M bright and clear, and all _, around., insects were humming in the ántnhVn airland birds were darting to ^ and fro. Sorely there was no danger, not until nightfall at least; so I began to whistle, and with a rush mounted the last crest of brown kill. * There lay the Dead Talley ! A great oval basin, almost ss smooth and regular as though made by man. On all sides the grass crept over the brink of the en- circling hills, dusty green on the crests, then fading into ashy brown, and so to a deadly white/ this last colour forming a thin ring, running in a long line around the slope,., -And then P Nothing. Bare, brown, hard earth, glittering with grains of alkali, but otherwise dead and barren. Not a tuft of grass, not a stick of brush- wood, not a stone ; only the vast expanse .f beaten clay. 'In ibo midst of the basin, perhaps a mile and a half away, the level expanse was broken by a great dead tree, rising leafless and gaunt into the air. Without a moment's hesitation I started down into the valley and made for this goal. Every particle of fear seemed to have left me, and even the valley itself did not look so very terrifying. At all events, I was driven by an Overwhelming cariosity, and there seemed to me but one thing in the world to do-to got to that tree! As I trudged along over the hard earth, I noticed (hat the multitudinous voices of birds and insects had died away. No bee or butterfly hovered through the air ; no insects leaped or crept over the dull earth. 'As 1 drew near the skeleton tree I noticed the glint of sunlight on a kind of white mound around its roots, and I won- dered curiously. It was not until I had como cloBe that 1 saw its nature. 'Ali around the roots and barkloes trunk was heaped a wilderness of little bones. Tiny skulls of rodents and of ? birds, thousands of them, rising about the dead tree and streaming off for several yards in all directions, until the dreadful j pile ended in isolated skulls and scattered skeletons. Here ond there a larger bone appeared-the thigh of a sheep, the hoofs of a horse,-and to ono side, grinning slowly, a haman skull. 'I stood quite still, staring with all my eyes, when enddenly the dead silenoe was broken by.a;faint, forlorn cry high ovor my head,., I looked up and ssw a great falcon turjiing^snd sailing downward just over the tree. In a moment more she fell motionless-en the bleaching bones. 'Horror struck we, and I rushed for borne, my brain whirling, a strange numb . ness grówing in me. I ran steadily, on find on. At last I glnncoil up, Thero wa» ~f tho rise pf hill. 1 looked around wildly. ^CUPBO"before tne was Hie dead tree with ¡g. ¿Até,pile ofJbones. Iliad circled it round ^Â^dïonud^nd'lhe vftllov WÄB stilt anillo |^^t^'(a^;wi^r..: . ' '1 stood dazjd and frozeu. The sui. was sinking, ced and dall, towards the line of hills, la the east the dark wa"? growing fast. Wat» thur» atilt time? Time ! It was not that I wanted, lt. was will ! MT feet seemed clogged ss in a nightmare. I could hardly drag them over the barren earth. And then I felt the eloir chill creeping; through rae.. 1 looked down. Oat of the earth a thin mist was rising, collecting in little pools whioh grew ever larger nntil they joined here and there, their currents swirling slowly like thin, bine smoke. The western hills halved the copper apo. When it was dark I ehonld bear that shriek again, and then'l should dis. I knew that, and with every remaining atom of will I staggered towards the red wist throngh the writhing mist that crept clammily around my ankles, retarding my steps. ' And as I fought my way off from the tree, the borrar grew, until at last 2, thought 1 was going to die. The silence pursued me like dnmb ghosts, the still I air held my breath, tbs hellish fog caught at my feet like oold hands. * But I won ! though not a moment too. soon. Aa I or&wled; on my hands and knees np the brown slops, I heard, far away and high in the air, the cry that [already bad almost berofé me of reason. It was faint and vague, bat unmistakable in its horrible inteasity. 1 glanced be- hind. The fog was dense and pallid, heaving undulously up the brown slope. The sky was gold nuder the setting SUB, bot below was the ashy groy of death. . I stood tor a mbmont on the brink of this sea of hell, and then I leaped ww the slope. The sunset opened bifrrc tn«, the Sight closed behind, arö ». I crawled ome darkness sbnt d»*» «a the í>«ád Volley.' - 