A SOUTfi-bM HUfftKm, fyially Heeijs when the Wind Fiends ?«& at War. A Water-spool itnd a Tornado— Fightiug the flawing Elements | — Hove-to aid Helpletis The Valnc of a Native \- irew-B'oik v. Prayer- j One of My Experiences : as a Super-Curgo— The late of the | Schooner Edith. j fBYNflvILLE Fobdeb.1 It waa 10 yeng ago last month that the experience 'I cm about to relate occurred te me, An J.. it was brought vividly before 1 my mind by the acceunts of tho terrible ; hurricane which recently played each - havoc in the North Queensland coast. I - am induced to attempt to give a descrip tion o 1 what a Seuth-Bea hurricane is, by the fast that it rarely falls to the lot of a peh-p-isher to be in one, and te help te light -t. Hundreds of clever sailers nave to report similar encounters, but the average eailorls not in the w-y of being a deec.iptive writer. He's usually better adapted to ' lfa&d;, reef, and steer' than te c#r,*ey to a -world ef landsmen any thing like an idea of the hellish ferocity of* real South-Sea hurricane. An idea is All J can hope to convey. No pen can faiat tbe reality. ' It was in 1880 tbat I was auper-carge of the {Sydney built schooner, Edith, trading between Auckland and the Friendly and Navigator groups, in the interests ef the big Auckland iirtn of L. D. Nathan and Co. The Edith waa a regular 1 pick-pocket,' sharp and deep heeled, not carrying enough carge to make her a paying vessel. She was built, so we understood, for the Sydney pilot service, and the N.Z, Government bought her subsequently for a survey vesset When she was superseded by a steamer she was eold, and Nathans bought her and altered her iuto a trader. To look at her long Yankee counter and her short Scotch swan-neck bow, her 11 at sides and sharp rise of tloer, one would have thought she would be the last to live through such an experience as 1 shall attempt to describe. We had done the rouud trip and traded off a lot of general merchandise for trade dollars and produce. At Vavau, theglerieus garden of the Friendly Group, we about half- liiled her with cepra, aod topped ofi: with oranges and bananas. It was not a heavy cargo, and she was in fair sailing trim, a triHe light, perhaps. We up- anchor at about 1 p.m. on a line Satorday after neon in April, and started to run down that wonderful channel that leads to the inland-lake-like Vavau harbor, the most beautiful spot, very probably, in the world. Edith soon felt the strong trade wind, and we ran out into the rolling waves ef the ' deeply, darkly, boautifully blue ' Pacific, and laid a good ceur«e for old Auckland, with a twelve-knot breeze, making the 'bosuu' grimly observe that the Auckland girls had got hold of the tow-rope. This continued until about iioou on Sunday, when the steady wind began to get fluky, and by 2 o'clock it fell a dead calm. A big sea, unfelt while we glided over it, now made her roll terribly, and the native ToreW we had shipped at \ avau began te bo awfully stcv. Tongans are very poor sailers, in which they differ very widely fiem Earotengans and Piotumeh men. Tho^ Raratongs- man picks up sea lore better and quicker than any race, bar English fishermen and Scandinavians, and they've get twice the letter's pluck and docility in a tight place, and none of the former's impudence and bounce. The Bky now become black te both windward — or, rather, where the wind had come frem — and leeward, and Captain Hughes went below to prick her off, ask ing me to keep my eye on the weather, ' especially to leeward.' He had net been in his cabin five minutes before I hailed him hastily, telling him 'the devil was coming up from leeward.' Hughes was on deck in an instant, and at once told me iny ' devil : was a monster water spout, and coming right at us very fast. I'd never seen one before, and 1 den't ever want to make eucli close acquaintance with one again. It waa black as night, with whirling clouds of vapor, whioli looked like black coal-Smoke. One huge cone rested its base in the louring olouds, the other on the frightfully angry Bea which raged and leapt in foam and drift, as tbe wind whirled the waters into a solid .-t'rial column, slender in the centre, flattened st the top and bottom. Man never saw a more hideous danger, a more uncomfoi'tai'1' ' '.ing foe. There we were a spock on 'trie vast expanse, utterly alone, for no other firms allowed their vessels to risk the 'hurricane months,' February, March, and April. Little wonder the helmsman, a big Ileligolander, turned white as a ghost, and glanoed, showing the whites of his eyes like a frightened horse, constantly ever his right shoulder at my 'devil.' In a' moment the captain reoovered his senses, and roared for all hands to take everything oil' her, in the hepe it wauld draw ahead of us, We went at it like wild cats, the captain call ing en roe to help him with tbe big niain sa!- Of course the beastly rings got jammed, through tbe jaws being let run down faster than tho peak, and I had to grab the peak dewn-hanl, and heave the bight over to tbe skipper. Then we made her come, and when all was aB snug as time would permit, Hughes shouted, ' New, all bands held on for your lives ! ' Luckily we'd got the hatches en when the weather first tuned queer (fruit vessels travel with tbem off in fine weather), I went a few rattlines up the port main rig ging, and then looked round me. It was a strange sight. Charlie, at the wheel, was trembling like a leaf. He was naturally a coward, and his position de barred him the relief of violent action. All over the decks and rigging, the double crew were perohed, eaoh holding en grimly or spasmodically, according to tempera ment, and all watching that horror, now bo very near. Just as it seemed that the spout must pass right ever our decks from starboard-quarter to pert-beam, and utterly destroy us : just as its breath choked us, and its outer covering of whirling rain soaked us, the main pillar got a slightly new direction applied to it by the wind, and it screwed past, just clearing our jib boom end. One big sigh ef relief, and all hands watohed it whirl away, and gra dually disappear. ' Xow, keep your eye to windward, and sing out the moment you see a change,' said Captain Hughes, and he went below to finish marking her olf, rightly conjec turing that days would pass before another ' sight ' could be obtained. it was new getting on in the afternoon, about 3.30 er more, but the dense black ness ef the clouds all round brought en evening shadows. The roll was terrific. One moment the weather rigging, on which I was perched, would slacken in as she rolled to port, and the next moment it would tighten with a snap, that nearly Sung me oft, and threatened to part it and let the over-strained masts rell clean out of her as she rolled heavily to starboard. Suddenly out of the gathering gloom ,te the N.E. came a queer, uncanny eoun)t — a sound like nothing else I had ever t^iard. It was as though a great crowd murmured under a huge forest during a heavy storm of wind and rain. A confused, hollow, boeming, threatening sound, which grew into a hideous rumbling roar, as a line of 1 snow-white broke the dull1 grey of the horizon, and I yelled fei the captain to jump on deck.. We had nothing onus but the flying-jib, and that came off, and was stowed just as the wind struck her. Never will I forget tbat moment 1 I don't think a soul oh board ever thought she was coming up frem the awful wallew she gave as tbat tornado struck her. And, bear in mind, there was not a rag on her — only her low hull, .notably low deok houses, and the spars and rigging. Vet, such was tho force ef tbe wind, that she lay ever till her cross-trees touched tlie waves and the water was up to the lee combings. Hanging on, like a menkey. te the weather-shrouds, I watched, fasci nated, the disappearance of rail and deck — ? . ^ till I thought she was going right ever. [ reuiotnbor thinking, dsop djwn insiie of me, what a good thing it waj for my wife and child that T bad uken out thai, ostra Lu 00 in the N.Z. Accident 1 usurance Co. ju6t before 1 left, and how the widow weuld be quite nicely provided for. i felt no fear for myself, but breathed a prayer for my dear oneB, aud hoped tbey would net miss me very much. (It was a long time ago, you 6eo.) Then Hope gave a gasp and recovered her tlirona, as the Edith slowly came up a bit, shewing that she bad not gene past her bearings or lino of recovery. Again and again the 'cavalry charges ' of the storm swept over the lonely little craft and lai 1 li«r on her beam ends, but at last 6he assumed a more up right position as she paid off a bit, and then the task of heaving her to began. First of all we turned to and got a balance-reefed mainsail on her, but she groaned and rolled all but over the moment the attempt to bring her to the wind was made. We had to pay away and get it efl! her, and a terrible task it was. Had not the force of tbe wind llattened out the seaa tho eld Edith would never have lived till we got her snug. So fierce it came that it cut the tops elt the'1 jump ' to wind 'ward of us and Bent the salt rain like monster hail, cutting the exposed skin till the blood ran, while to look to windward with open mouth waa to conrt being actually choked by the wind. I got it once, and literally could not have lived to tell this story had I not divtad under the rail and clung to a belaying \pin, just as strangulation and being buried eiE the precipitous deck into the spa seemed inevitable. \ After we got the mainsail handed at last, we tried a treble-reefed fore sail on her. It was only an atom, but it was more than poor Edith could carry, and so it came down in turn and blew to ribbons before we oould stow it. At length, after a terrible battle, we got a tarpaulin lashed in the weather main rigging, this would be abeut 10ft square, and yet was qsite enough to lay her over till you could have easier ..walked on her copper to windward than on her decks inboard. While the captain, all hands, and cook and supercargo were working, drenched, blinded and deafened, to get her steadied and hove to befere she wallowed clean under, those missionary-blasted Tongans were tfreucliing in abject terror — worse than helpless, for they impeded us. One drivelling wreck, stuffed full ef missien superstition and half-blind with over use of kava. crawled along frsm for'ard and clasped my knees just as I was putting every eunce onto the fore-peak halyards. ' Oh, Missa Superkarka, you make a play e° dnwn suah'' I,e wailed. 1 V/.' ''emu : ' sea getting ready a more aft^fep v £U n vvuuted tw° a'lee, and V*V'm la-ht tbe ^elm i i t , ? '' my two sailors had a lovely 30l*^^Uat fore-sail at the lime, it can be imaf||4 .what time there . was to pray to trod Wgtjgouls of a lotof useless Malingerers, anagjBhpl mission pats at that ; so 1 gave hwj3j5fa»|,.,]e e£ rousing kicks und told him and help the mate : that tho begt:i«^kj0 pray to (Jed iu a tlx like we warffi3f|§fc. to bear a hand like a true seamaifQ|upS|s helps those who help themselves,' T him. But neither be nor his gang (biM^ll Kotumah boy and a Brazilian nigger)'fl turned a band all threugh tho 48 hours wo \ lay hove-to with that awful wind tearing our very eyes out and the rattlines out of the shrouds. The very paint was lashed off the weather-Bide by the hail- like drift. Not one bite of cooked food could we get. as no fire could be lit in the caboose, and the cook had a holiday, while wo chewed salt-soaked biscuit and drank salty, rusty water. With the aea-ancLor tlio little vosboI rode it out in safety, and juBt 48 hours after we had been struck, we hauled it aboard, caBt loose the helm, shipped the wheel, and once more bore away before 4 steady trade wind for Auckland. Tho ship was too small for the orders I had to. ' fill, so she was 6old and bought by . German fruiterer named Ottoi who ,-*a°h her under Hughes' command \p Fij-?!*°! fruit. On her second trip, ^th £££- lubberly native ciew, she lo£t\l' port to fill up with fruit at anotiwr. ...m came on a hurricane soon after she sailed, and neither Edith, hor gallant young master (who was to have been married next return trip to a young lady of Auck« land society) or any one person or thing; belonging te her have ever since been soon) or heard of. She very probably tuned . clean ever through the incompetency ^ her crew to handle her, and sank in deofty water, where her bones, those of hery. unfortunate ship's company, and of 'here owner's sen, a youth of 20, will lie till that day ' when the sea gives' np itfy., dead.' a 