[?] ?tj: Tfe house-front was/ white : K \?«L / /^fiTStuceoea, and had- heen-wej* j O/)X \Wm J dm uPon by innumerable, .raihe, : ^Ji S3#-£-^8fc« S166*1 tr0aB running up and ?^HHtr^Cif — «f, down' the discolored -walls. It had long winddwfl./pf twelve deep . panes,*1' eober With last ? century ^obriely,' and a pillared portico. V&t;' had been a country* 'house before the etoaWjy :';lifite, suburban square had 'taken it in, :end it lookea inex prassibly melancholy atnid ? its shoddy red-terick ' neigh bore. It haa-pome.to be near the. road, separated., only by a.*wliite wall with, green palings- on top, and a email fbrubbery of laurel end laurestinus, ell glittering and' dark in the wet June evening. It: had been raining all day, and the sky.' wafi iqoe monotonous tint *of brown-grey. Every leaf Mi' tree and overhanging eave dripped miserably, and there waa ,jsrsea of grey slush underfoot -We'-pefi-ed!in through the palings at the. bills 'Tq be let' in the shuttered windows. . -The aspect lot the place made us ehiver, but for hours we' had been discovering the iniquities of the jerry-buflder, end there were possibilities in an old -house. - 'We braced up onr nerves and spirits to look for the key. It was to be had from the eexton of a neigh boring leliureh. : ?'.?'?..: We wemt up a wet path between graves, seeking ', the sexton. He waa an old ?ma^J and queruloueV and ' he did not saem to realise that we eoutol be sincere . is our. desire to eea the house. At last, however; . with a final ' grumble he came with. us. We had ' offered to go over the house omselves and, 'return him the key; but he had looked at us with distrust; as though we might possibly posses oureelves of the empty, house. ' . ''_...' ' ' :?' We weffegiad even of the sexton's companionship. When lie 'had at last got through the rotting, gate, and he had turned the door-key to admit us into the house, an air chill and forbidding seemed to meet us as we entered.. The staircase and passages were in twilight, and the unshuttering of one*; win dow in each, room aa we1- inspected it seemed to make the black shadows flock away into- distant coniens. . ' .The rooms were handsomely proportioned, and there was & good deal of decoration— flowery ;«na besques on the ceilings, nymphs and Cupids carved on the marble mantelpieces, faded lines of gildiiig round the. woodwork of doora and window-atmttens. ' . One room, that was probably fitted for a bou doir, hod squares of Iooking-glas3.e&t; in the- shot- tens, so ?that leaning' back in .the armchair the oc cupant could see who cam© and went, if it was only a wet robin in the boughs. The house certainly had possibilities, but, we fell from our firet entrance that it was impossible.- \ Tibe thing that most alarmed us was what our guide was proudest of — the wine cellar. We went down a black staircase, treading all the timfe' .on something - damp and rotten, and looking over our shoulders as we went as if something must follgw us. There was a vat in the cellar, ot Immense size, and when our guide had struck a maf£h we saw the huge, etone pillars and arches on whicn the hous& was raised, and the blackness etretching through them: in Ions aisles of gloom. ?' : . We drew a -' long breath of relief when we had got outside the house again, and hurried -piltea long way from it before we had courage to 'speak about it . ' . Not long, afterwards we heard It had been taken. We took occasion to pass that way, and found it in the hands of paintera and paperhangers, and concluded die ghosts would be turned out of win dows. ' ', ... The new people were a handsome, weli-4Ordo young couple, with three or four children, and- an army of servants. We got to know them in '.'a little while— they were full of friendlines^-and found the house transformed. I remember telling Mis. Eames, that was her name, about my first experience of title house, and how she laughed at1 me about it. It mas now all gay and firelit, and full, of comfortable things. Soon afterwards a curious thing happened. .Mis. Vanhomrigh, Mrs. Eames*B mother, came to visit them. She is a very level-headed old lady, and not at all imaginative. She was put to sleep in the boudoir roam, which was fitted up prettily aa. a sort of bed and sitting-room, with a piano and a bookcase, end e. desk in addition to the' usual tedroom furniture. The very next morning the old lady came downstairs full of excitement. In the night, she said, ' she had wakened, to find the room lit up, and a lady playing the piano. 'The' curious thing was,' she saAd, 'that I didn't feel the least bit afraid. I only thought it was stupid of her to start playing .the piano ©o close to the nursery, in the middle -of the night. I called out to her, ?'please 6top playing; you will waken the children,' and in a moment the whole thing faded off, and the. room was dark, and I must have slept immediately, tor I remember no more' till I wofte this morning.' They only chaffed her about it, believing it to have been a particularly vivid dream. But a few months later, hi the full sunlight of an early' sum- mer morning, Nxa. ESamee was awakened by near ing the boudoir door slam, and footsteps -coming downstairs. She jumped out of bed, thinking one of the children might be ill,' and opened tbe'^door. Some one had passed it, and was gone on downstairs. She followed, seeing the figure go on before her from flight to flight. She noticed, in the same curious placid way her mother had described, that it, or she, for it waa the figure of a women, wore a fine cambric nightgown, all pleated end frilled, and with delicate little insertions of old yellow' lade. She was very tall, and had her hair piled high -in curled, masses aa her head. She never turned her face at all. Suddenly Mis. Blames came to a stand still before a blank wall. The figure had vanished. Then the terror of the supernatural suddenly seized upon her, end she fainted, and remained uncon scious till her husband came in search of her. - She never slept another night is the house. '1 can stand a midnight ghost, Tom,' she said to Mr. Eames, 'but a ghost that walks about one's house in broad daylight is too much.' Soon after I had my nephew Jack on a 'Visit. He is a healthy schoolboy of 15, who knows very little of our neighborhood, but on a previous vi&t; he had met Mrs. Eames, and had pronounced her no end of a jolly good sort. He was quite dis tressed to hear that they had left, but not even. I, at this time, knew the cause of their sudden de parture. One evening he came in rather excited.' 'Do yon know that the Barnes's house 3s taken, Aunt?' he said, 'and by some rummy people,; too. They dress as if they were on for private theatricals; powdered, heads, and all the rest of it, end she sitting up in the window, end he beside her,'as if they were miles eway from anybody.' 'Dear boy,' I said, 'you are dreaming, or it is very sudden. Only this afternoon I saw She bills in the windows.' ? ? 'Come down and see for yourself,' said ??Jack, and I went. He was full of expectation, and raced along before me; but when he reached the palings and looked through. I heard him give a long, low whistle. Sure. -enough, there were all the shuttered windows gleaming in the moonlight, with the 'bills still up. Jack was crestfallen, but obstinate. He still held, to it that. he had seen the curious people in the lighted windows of the old nouse; and from '.that time he was always anxious to induce me to 'walk that way of an evening; I knew in the hope.- that we would see them together. 'They're lyjng lpwi' add Jack, 'for some reason of their owa, but I aaw them' ,all the same.' ' '?'?', ? ; Then one , wet and windy evening, with fitful glimpses of a moon- scudding through blue end silver, we took our walk, when no. one but the post man was - abroad. We heard the echoes of . hia knock dying away -down the-.eg.uaxe as we came in, sigfrt of the house. We stood a minute looking at it Suddenly Jack grabbed my hand, and .-.we &-6kh5 stood gaping. The lighted house-front had cam£ iiut ol the night Every window shone with-ft 4»ff home-like light. And there in the boudoir window, was a lady seated in a great* easy chair ??with ,hfer fan held to her cheek. The light was about her and behind .her, but her face was hidden. /She wore the drees of die last century, end her attitude was one of melancholy. A tall man etood up-by her chair, and looked down at her bent iead.-, There was something gloomy end threatening in his eir. As suddenly as the thing had come it vanished,. fading out Into the night; end once a&dn; there '.wjts the long tow of shuttered windows, with tpelr bills showing -in the stormy moonlight. — 'Ba^ji M^l Gazette.' . .. - ? ' , ? j. : 