titosbt By j!©. HEliNESS^Y,/.' jjjuthor of 'The Dis-'HopOrafcJe,' 'WynUUm,' ' An Australian Bush Track,' etc.) [All Righto lteieircd.\ CHAPTER IX. . »pr. OIIIER .sfifil?. Sly story, -ms soon told, ; and as briefly as- pos sible ; this they attributed to my condition through having received' such a 'shofck io my nerves by the death of my acquaintance. It Was tt lamentable accident, people said-, but there was no help for it., The, quicksands on that beach were well known to local residents, and the newspapers said rioticeS should be erected warning strangers of the danger. My missoh north was ? accompfisfcefl, T had I hunted De Vere to his death ; so I -retu«ued to Sydney at once to continue my quest for Violet androy child. In cairymg out my pupbse, I determined to live and work alone. I had read s^etthere of a recluse who resided for many years* in solitary | chambers in Lincoln's Inn, London. I determined 'to ao the same, and at last found a , place to my I teste, here in the heart1 of' SydriGy ; it wfts tout a stone's throw from this, and within- hearin&-of the dock tower bells. I spoke to as few people as ppssible, wh'iie en gaged ia procuring simple furniture, and gave the iteeper of the chambers a 'statrfl ' pit&ri6e;' tofeeep them clean and tidy. Installfed and settled I recommenced my search, frequenting the public thoroughfares,— always aud everywhere .looking lor my wife and child. My evenings wei'e spent mostly id the glopmy old chambers. The basement must have been built in convict days, forjthere weis'irdn bars upon the windows of the lower apactments ; placed there no doubt to prevent the escape of assigned Bfervants when they -were once lbekea iip for the night. I took a pleasure in roaming about ihe passages after everyone else, had .gone. It' amused rar. My premature age had .embittered my whole being. De Ver»- was dead, but his evil wofk ? ? J ..-J T r .v., no nAmnotloil KUltllllW) auu * uttveu uij wu moi. i. who.wuijjvl.v lis carry my youthful manhood under a maak, and l hated the world of, men and wemen around me because 1 appeared to them different to what I was. The reaction too had left me weak. I regretted De Vere's death, he might have known «ome means by which my lost manhood could be restored again. I took my meals at a restaurant, and for days together addressed no word to .a living soul. And yet I longed for Imttan companionship. I would sit sometimes' for hours on a seat in the public gardens. 1 saw men and :Wome'n talking with their friends. . I sat by the pjde of them, ithus (Conversing, —I who had not heard the sound i of my own voice for' days. ' 1 ' , WSS.thfinJthfll . I jfirst beeame-con£cious--of ? my crime. I was the murderer of De Vere. I, who could have saved him, saw Jiim,diie, .':ahd ^ -him perish. ;®ut I:-vpuld;DOt^give way to the thing. I argued' witbi myself, sec uj)' a,;tribv)jaly,-an(1 arraigned the dead to attend and answer for liimself,— and at last. one night he, came. It was; all in'.iniriktiire, ianu . f Was 'convinced that the whoWth^n'g^wai fi,.li_aJ)u'Mnatiop; ,b-jt be «ftfe'e, ahd! heiargb'ed his case' in xhiS fisfiibrt. 1 ' Events proved too strong for me. I am deadj but rather a thousand limes' wouW 1 be deadAlian such as you are. Unbeautiful and tinloved. What makes love, Mark Gunnery?, Can. you weigh it, measure it, command- it .to; come to you, or when it- has ;Comer to ;you, bid ,it, depart. Love is apart rf.Gpd.and as , mysterious, - Whither it ^onjejth or, whence it goefh, or what it' 'is? no one'e&n;' tell. But to have spent one liour with youth aud love Was worth the living.: You married her, but she was always mine;: mine t-y right/, of ove; 'U -right which neither, p:iest nor .marriage vows can make, jam break, Mark Gunneiy,' '... a r ? A L.*„ J1 ? Jt:. ? t ? J i gpt lamutii wibu.uiiu ui. uw, .uimujuuve luiuj, : And let him rant about his love,; and sometimes ' questioned him ; but the hallucination (for of j ' Course it was nothing more) would then vanish. ' ? Brton one occasion when questioned he said, ' :'-iith a malicious grin, ' you -will corn^ baok again t seme day for punishment, ' and then tne hallucina tion left. me. One night a short time afterwards I found to : my astonishment, sitting beside me, , my former aelf; the chair was not ihree yards«distant ; I , covered one eye and looked, atit, tout 'the figure remained. The shock this: gave me was extreme, for I knew by that that this was not an optical delusion. It was my other self. ' ' Old . ma,n,' said he to me, we shall live together, I will assist yoa to find her, aud be company for you.inyour quest; It is my wife and child you are looking for.' My very blood curdled in . my veins/ It was my own voice, my own face and form and gesture.. This man which sat thus beside me, and talked go familiarly to me was the 'Mark 'Gunnery that married Violet Fresman, the father of Beatrice. I must be going mad. ; : 1 -1 ' - : Bising suddenly; I threw myself upon ihe apparition, and encountered warm flesh and blood. ' Sit down, old man,' said the things '.did you not hpar me say that I had conie' to stay ; we will' ( look for them together. i I drew back in consternation ; so this was what De Vere meant, when he 'said,' ' you shall come back again ' It was 'a' coming baok with' .a vengeance! . . ?'' ' ^ ' iou can leave me nere mr to-mgm, saia tne. ® tiling, and then it stepped acr6ss to' 'my writing ; 'iJesk and : commenced to ivnte' , ;a. lel'tei jo my steward in England. It was my own hand-' writing! ? ' I will close'the doors/' . I said, shaking with Jear. But instead of doing so I hurried out into the' street. ' £ did 'not know it then ?; - 1 would not havo believed it, hut 1 had comniehced^to'liye a.d,iial ex is'tence.' ' ' ' / ' ' ? ' ? ,. , . CHAPTER X. . '? TO SlSEOPHSBIiVES AS'«THKBjs b'EB ITS.' ' ' An e^ito'riul note seems nect'sstity at this sta^f.' of , Mark .'Gupnery's sfojry, .for. ihe very iinaiiu^ipt , hore e.vidfiu'cp of Jthe borror ijf in'nd with which the. ?writer .had recalled . : tb iitciflont^in Jiis .liitttiry, * -The writiiiff.wiis.deoiphered-onlyj with- difilcuity. , ' -It had ovidently befen peunud undw gi'eut nislltul agitatum}' 'J' '-' ' ? ????' ' '' :t'-' ? It should Jbe^aid ihatJu»»\evrr. BtmnffiMiud Jm - - probable this jjbrlioii of Miirk Gunnery's story uriy }r-ipppiir,'flt aa plain t tKatie, If, fceheved. atitfrie. 'With jit' '~WltitATtugg®!rthe'wriBtcnce'of-intern«t«vidence-«aJ to its accuracy., The niaiffifitaipti ; cblitiniied . Ss'jfollowii : The whole of that first. ni^rht of. horror and amazement : I spent in the open air.; I dared not go b%ok. I would1 have done sq_if it 'had bebii Do Venu ormiy other ' liaman entany but 1 dared;, not go baok - toi i^nraHiiikpr this inv«tRrioiifirfHfi siiiiiIrt of liivsolf.*^-. myself as I ought to have been; I wandered about -the streets aud the domain,' aiid thought of mjhself in those chambers. ''For k- long tiikie I feared even to sit down on one '6f the.1, park seats . lest - the awful thiug should appear by my side '. ? I saw men sleeping upon (.he grass and on the' beuches. With all their poverty, they were | happier than I. it was not nterely that I- had a double ; but it was 'nwself. mv own nersonality,. that had. been usurped. I thought to myself that some demon had become incarnated in my natural bedy, and that that in which I1 dwelt was an aged frame, resurrected from the- grave of one of my ancesters; I myself, »-*y soul, tho personality, the ego which loved and hated, and thought, and remembered, had been Aims . out of its natural home by the hnna of De Vere, und had taken refuge during that period of my unconsciousness iu the aged body of another— I was a living lie. At last weaned out 1 sat down on a bencn oy tne sido of a. sleeper ; upon the little bit of luioccupied room at the end. The man moved restlessly, lifted his head a moment, and eyed me suspiciously. I apologised for disturbing him ; upon which' he blurted out something aud betook himself again to slumber. The ni;-'ht seemed interminable, but at last the grey dawn came, and 1 walked about, for I was J cold, and presently returned to the street in which niv ''.hambers were located. A light still burnt there, so 1 opened the street door with my latch key, and with trembling steps inounted'the stains. I pushed the door gently open — aiid — j taw. ihe thing at the table still tvi'iti g. I thought ' if I had a weapon I would^ shoot you,' but the question arose in mind was it .flesh . and blood at all, or' was it anything natural ! Tt would be little use making a bullet hole in a ghost, -4he sight of the thing perfectly sickened me. ' Come in, Vernon,' he said, turniug around. My God ! it was indeed myself, Mark Gunnery — voice,' feature, gesture .' ' Close the door, please,' he continued ' and sit down ; 1 want to talk to you. You know you are singularly like an ancester of mine, Mr. Vernon. It makes it the more strange that you should be so interested in this search after my uufortunate' wife and child. ' ' My tougue was dry, and stuck to the roof of my mouth, and it was a minute or so before 1 could reirain utterance. . . ' Do vori know who you are, and where you are, and how you came here ? ? Whether you arc human or inhuman, flesh; ordevil? In. the name of God answer me l' I exclaimed. . His lips curled with scorn, just as my owh 'would have done had anyone so addressed mii: ?' ' Old man, you have been drinking,,! fear;' '.-was all.that.he said.'; , and that ; was, .utterpd- -carelessly and disdainfully. , : . ' Who are, you f'M repeated, . . ' If yon do not ikho'w. mi*. I ahi'Matk 'Gunnery of Church iConiiett a'feUvteigV&nd.;' - :if you wish « kriow ; fiii'ther,.;I am jn Teiiiplp Cpurt .Chambers, talking to-oiip John. Vernon.', .' .ff, -. , . He said this with a fiaeione of ! superiority and irouv in his 'voice, as tholigh'be'still'blurig to the belief that l was-iutosdcHteii; I' was simply con founded! 1 .; .. . , . I I I I And now commenced one . of the strangest experiences which ever fell to. the. lot of', mau. Daily and almost 'hourly. I gr&tf; to; have familiar intercourse with 'the thing. The something which :was,iDside the body. I hated but the, exterior , w;as my own flesh, my own home, and I jsoon ;begau to think and plan as to how I might' regain its possession. I encburaged'it to be with lite, feared lest any accident, might overtakc.it. It was some thing . belonging -to; myself in the -tempoi-ary, possession of another, and ; I at ' this stage acted 'accordingly. t called it: Gunnery and 'tlie thing cillled me ' Vernon. I was amazed, however to find that this | thing, the vileness and devilry o£ whose character £ soon learnt to know, so .well, w.as able to impress I Afliov nionnlA fflVOrftblv. It had installed' itself completely in my position, for not only had it usurped my name and body, i but it appropriated the property aud funds, bpth in England and Australia, which were vested in the, name of Kfark Gunnery. Tho belief that it was a deinon grew upon nie, and in malice, hatred and all uncharitablenefts and falsity, it equallci' if not sur passed other human demons, which,. alas ! walk our s,U-eets„ and taint the very air with theii- blas pli'emies ahd.obsoenity. I 'got 'to know my demon well, and I loathed him beyond : measure ; but yet kept company with him, because of my interest iu the body he possessed. ? . Soon after his first appearance I found, that he had ' taken rooms at one of the best hotels in the City, mm was ouuimmg luirouuutioiiH uy uhu 01 name and money,1 and was actually getting into society. 1 was sometimes led to almost -question . my own identity, for . when we are long familial with a state of 'things, it, becomes difficult to cou tinuB to realise their falsity. Just as a man may so often repeat a fict' oh ; as to 'believe it true I was ? so familiar with the Mark Gunnery who I daily met aud conversed with, as. almost to believe it to be -what it seemed. The illusion was never continued lon^, however, fpr I kne\v the real Mark Guiiricry too' well-not to discern: the counterfeit. -5 Thamoment he ctimmenced tp talk, of unything beyond the,, merest, opromon pla.ee, I savy the im posture. It. was my own hpdyi face, voice, pnd getfr.ure'i Every little* trick natural to me iis la man he had: to' jjome extent, 't(io, : he possessed a: knowledge of . my - . past; bpt :it: wasipiu'tial and fragmentary, t It was tjie outer pii-cle ,of fapw. that, he was faiiiiliar with, he knew about liiy property at Church Consett; niy iW vestments, th e c.isli in thi handr- bf 'iny biinker.i,: my wife' nTiil ' pliild, and Dther thinjrs which belong to Hiaftei's physical and ojrtemal,; but when, the iujii-reirple of knowledge and experience which every mail possesses.' was touched' upon lie wfent ofT st. a tangent * Ho knew that thwe I 'knew ton nmbh fol1 him, so he evaded .such things, iiiid inidoiiig so al once revealed ;liiin- ?self., , :? . , i . , ; ? ? , ? * ' Nor djd wc i' our private intercourse altogether hide thWfro'ni eaiih othe't\ ?' He knew! tli«t. I ' knew and hat-ld 3iirti',!»nd only kept fcompaVi.V 'Vith' : him, aH we do with a thief or enemy, who possesses , i^inethi^gdc^r-toi.n*-', T,l'i!-t .h^Jiad.^iii object i».' coming to ine was Ki'lt -rvi'lifiif,ji'ither lie wtis acting v jtir him&elf;^ or; ahotliiii'': '?Jjftt 'ebrtfl'in'y it' wtts'for j ''the pttipf6^of ^rmftnttn«'ine'.bbf6iM3'»^y time. ! I ihad, femgular bodily '^eusittions in iwun^tiou : 'wiffiTils coriiing anilgoi ng. 'I: It novrat onco wh en ' he ?vfas iu.ipy neighborhood, and! feltrepelled and 1 on my guard' wben I found myself in his preseuoe. : ; It was the positive and negative poles of a magnet. ! !Th--re was much in common but no spiritual | : affinity or attraction , I. belieye. that, jipme people felt much the same ; way as l did in bis company. That mysterious j : prinoiple which is kiiow to chemists as ' the action of the presence' was remarkably evident in him. ; I noticed that children and; , animals : shrank fronti : him. And yet he could be suave, and courteous, and sweet spoken when he liked ; but it was only surface sweetness, from the teeth outward. And: the purer portions of society secniod uuconsciously to shrink from1 hiiu. But he had money, and, spoke correctly, and carried himself . aniong his fellows ' as one who by birth ' aud education and rank had a claim upon their Considertttion, aud ^ to a large extent society took hini at his. own price, ? . A handsomely 'appointed cab, with liveried coachman, waited for him in the morning, to drive him here artd there, and not [infrequently to tht barracks, where he became specially familiar with an officer who was a man . of wealth, ; but was lightlv regarded in the service, and had been blackballed in the clubs. I used to wonder soihetimes why he clang to me so closely, and passed so much time iu my com pany, for I knew that the hatred between us was mutual. I believe that there was some physico elogical cause, which even now I only very partially understand. It may have been that he wanted that he wanted to find out something: about j niy, past history and intentions, or of tht body he inhabited, which remained undiscovered to him,. I make no pretence niyseit to special vice or virtue, the current of circumstances, and my own evil passions, had carried me a long way down the stream; but there was still a great gulf fixed between myself aud this unolean, demon. The very thought that he had possession of my body, thiit he made it nwear its obscetie' Oaths and fulfil his unhallowed desires was maddening' to mc, I have already intimated that my father had left me a large fortune at his death, and I ex postulated . with Gunnery at the way iii which he winS spending it; ' You seem to know a lot about- my affairs,' he said, with an oath, 'if s like your dsshed im pertinence, to talk about a matter whioh is no concern of youvs at all a volley of scurrility ?followod at which I tiiriied upon my heel contemp tuously, and left the foul thing to itself; When next we met it . was as though this never had occurred, audit was suave aud polite and generally fair spoken as before. ' I 'never' referred ' to the matter however again. Lot him spend it,, i thought ; it would be curious to Vw,„. ho 1.1 not it I,... .-at, Tt. u»uiu..vi-uuw,«iw,^ii. - J.UC ftiwaa excesses of. the ) thing, however, well nigh drove me to distraction— in my person too. 'The vile body ? of my humiliation,' ! thought to myself, uncon sciously . recalling ? scripture which I had read in better , anil happicr.davs, Esoori fo'nnd thaf hi; was associating himself with the fastest 'aAtl, loosest Societj' of Sydney, so ./ followed him about wil h' his boon: companions, and witnessed 'with sibkening heart how he 'Was heaping dishonor upon, ipy, ;perspn,. and trailing the fair name oF niy ancestors in the -lust. Had I felt that he was human I would have ri.sked eyerything to have wisciied hiui '; but he was inhuman, aud I could ' nuly stanii aud watclj thb tragedy afar oftV i. Aud vet it puzzled mo. that the men with whom : lie consorted did not read his character aright and shrink frftiri hiiri. Thev Certainly quarrelled ivith him occasionally at (heir wine parties ; but foul aB he then sometimes became, they were too nearly his equals in sin toiake much Notice of it, and in ,thp morning, except for, the deeper linos left by the previous nijrht's orffib'.'lle and his companions were smooth spoken and fair faced as before. : , I asked . mysolf whether it was possible that I, Mark .Gunnery, could ever liavefallen so low as this; and yet I saw men from whose early life and religious training and education, very different tnmgs mignt nave Deen expected, ionow tne ieaa oi this incarnated demon, as though there were no fine instinct of the heart to toll them what he was, or from whence he panic. Sometimes the tnouglit of these things was more than I could' bear, aud I wouid then go alone .and.sometimes lie down upon the cliffs at South ; Head of the harbor. I did' this one afternoon, ? when I was more than usually depressed. The weather had been tempestuous, and I expected, to find the great Pacific billotvs. dashing themselves in foam ^.capped thundrouS' masses against tlie rocks. It would have been in keeping with the tumult of. my mind. Instead, however, I found the great, waters stretctipd away eastward in sub lime tranquility'; and I lay down on a little patch of grass upon ;the summit' of . one of the cliffs. It was a scene; of. perfect rest that Jay. before me, and its quietness stole itito my heart and rebuked its disquietude, and I gave mysolf up to nature, fpr to all appearinces we were there alona. To my left was a long stretch of rugged beetling clifis of rough brown rock,. A gainst, their' shaggy sides, many find many , a storm had beaten wrath - fully, and many a well found vessel had been wrecked— wrecked at the verv entrance headlands of the harbor. - Some fisher boats were seemingly at anchor, half a mile or more from the shore, moving up npd dpwn,. and. to and fro; with the swelling and falling of the water, whichj however, never 'broke into; a wave.: ' At a lurrner aistance a large cupper snip was being cast- off by a tug. hbat. , ShC;had come down the harbor in the: wake of, the puffing, little Btenmer with only her. forfe and aft,' sails set ;; but now she was shaking pnt'her top' sails,'' arid although no sound was audible, they were evidently' busy get ting; under; ;Svay. ;!Thp (guardian lug,-, however, kept beside; jier. ,'^nd ^the^.two. drifted .^le^ly.jbjr,. until she should be.quite ready ;to take her ,otvn pathway bh the sfea.1' '; 1 ' ' '' The' sun^ 1iung above the scene, as though en amored of i the jglorious . prospect of -sea and iand locked,, liarhor, and ,)p^th. ,tpt leayp , it, , jgptjp his jnnrncy. he ,iniR^^i|ot^ook' «i^t-n siio^' sight a^ain. Nor'bsulrll yrorider.'fut-tP, lie there and look put upon -the {great beyond, and drink in'th' frtsh sea air, and s?an occasionally the ever - beautiful panprama o'.s^a^ pnd ; shore, had, become; to ine a. foj&oe;^ Something 'whicnj jibok' tne out p^ piyself and my iaclt ' Surrouhaings. 'ahd' rekindled .l\bpe*,: and restdre'dWe'ieven 'btilah'pe' ? of ' my'ihih3 ? and: \- placed -a jiisl andi KOod iGois once again- upon it, he throner ..Thits Ir-liay3,t^inkipgt-yirhen ^,Jie^rd :«., voice which seemed to /some fronjilielow lit was a, voic? wjiich m4'de',,ni$\J)tocia tiiigle , veinB'^tomy,veil^fitii;er:tlp8;;fP'rit6fbke ihfamiliar' accents, afamiliar o$;mflV ^r -1 J f 1 k i''Bea,trico 1' .. ; -.-- 1 - ??' : - 