THE ABSENT BRIDEGROOM. [By the Author of ''Paulina Lisle,'' ''Katherine's Vengeance,'' Etc.] PART SECOND. CHAPTER XVIII— (Continued). ''I cannot cry,'' she says, wretchedly, with her hand on her heart. ''I seem to ache here, but I don't feel like crying at all. It was the same when Bertie was killed, and papa lay dying and dead. They thought I was hard and cold, because when all wept I sat like a stone. I feel the same now. And, mostly, I cry for such little things.'' She signs heavily, and lies, in a tired way, back among the pillows. She recalls how she sat and wept when poor mamma died, lonely and sorrowing, but without this miserable, unendurable aching of the heart. ''Have you had breakfast !'' Mrs. Nolan asks, more troubled by the apathetic despair than by any hysterical outburst of grief. ''No, I was not hungry. Is it past breakfast time ?'' ''It is two o'clock, and you have fasted a great deal too long. We will be having you sick on on our hands, and that won't help matters.'' Mrs. Nolan rings the bell, and wipes away traces of tears, and orders strong coffee and toast. ''I cannot nurse two invalids at once,'' she says, forcing a smile, ''so I must keep you up. Poor Lucy was in wretched pain all night.'' ''Ah ! poor Luoy ! dear Lucy ! patient, gentle Lucy ! Does she know ?'' ''Yes, dear. I told her just before I came away. She was asleep when Lewis left, and he kissed her good-bye without awakening her.'' A quiver passed over Sydney's face. She was thinking of their own last parting. ''How does she bear it ?'' ''Ah she bears all things— with angelic patience. In long suffering my child, Lucy, has learned resignation, that virtue which some one beautifully calls ' putting God between ourselves and our troubles.' You must learn it, Sydney. That, and that alone, will enable you to bear this, and all the other sorrows of life.'' ''Life, can have no other sorrow like this, mother.'' ''The lesson we must all learn, dear child, sooner or later, is endurance. You must lay your sorrows at the feet of Him who bore our sorrows, and look for help and comfort there. Here is a letter Lewis left for you this morn- ing; you will read it when I am gone.'' She draws back for a second, with a startled look, and gazes at it. ''May I?'' she says. ''Will it be right ? ''Right! Right to take, your husband's letter ! My child, is your mind wandering ? Does your duty as a wife cease because you have discovered a sin in your husband's life ?' ''But it was like no other,'' Sydney says, wildly, ''and it must part us forever.'' ''I am very sorry to hear it. But that is a question of the future, for thought and humble prayer. Just now you can decide nothing. Here comes your coffee and toast. Now, Sydney, I shall expect you, for my sake, to eat and drink.'' ''I will try to,'' Sydney says, submissively. She rises in bed ; Mrs. Nolan bathes her face and hands, and places the tray before her. She is thirsty, and drinks the coffee eagerly, but she cannot eat. With difficulty, she swallows a mouthful or two, and looks be- seechingly up in the other's face. ''I cannot,'' she says ; '' at least, not now ; later I will try.'' '' Very well, my dear. I wish I could stay with you, but I cannot. Would you not like to come with me and see Lucy ? She asked me to bring yon back if you were able to come. Will you not, my child ? Order the carriage and come and stay with us for a few days.'' But Sydney shakes her head and turns away. '' No, mother. Do not feel hurt— but I cannot go, cannot leave home. I am better here, better alone. I must be alone for a while. No one, not even Lucy, can help me bear my trouble yet.'' ''Poor child.'' Lewis Nolan's mother stands and looks at her with infinite mother-pity in her kind old face. What can she say— what can she do for this stricken heart? And only yesterday life seemed to hold all happiness life can ever hold. ''I am half afraid to leave you,'' she says, in a troubled voice. ''You ought not to be left alone. And it is so difficult for me to come often.'' Sydney flings her arms about her with a tearless sob. ''Dear mother—dear, thoughtful mother, do not fear for me. I am not so weak as you think. Only leave me to myself for a little. Indeed, I am better alone.'' Mrs. Nolan goes, and Sydney has her desire; she is alone. The hours pass, the evening falls. Teddy, who has been clamouring for her all day, makes his way at lamp-light time into her room, but she neither hears nor heeds him. The servants look at each other, and whisper and wonder, Something has happened between master and missis, and master has gone, and missis isn't fit to rise off her bed. The night passes, another day breaks. Sydney rises and dresses, dry-eyed and ghastly pale. When breakfast-time comes she sits down with Teddy, to that meal. ''Was the matter wiz you, Auntie Sydney ?'' is the burden of Teddy's wondering cry ; ''and where's Uncle Lewis ? I wants Uncle Lewis. Say, Auntie Syd., where's Uncle Lewis ?'' The child's reiterated question grows so torturing that she is forced to send him away at last. An hour or two later brings once more her mother-in-law, looking wretchedly worried and anxious. Sydney is sitting listlessly in the chair in which she sat when her life was crushed out, as it seems to her, by that dreadful story; her hands folded loosely in her lap, her eyes, fixed on the portrait of her husband on the wall. She has not read his letter— she feels no desire to read it ; she is still striving, and still unable, to realise all the horror of the past forty- eight hours. She lifts two listless, apathetic eyes to the mother's face. ''Is Lucy better ?'' she asks. ''Lucy, is better in body,'' but suffering naturally, in mind— suffering more for you than for anyone also. Will you not come with me, today, Sydney ?'' But still Sydney wearily shakes her head. ''Give me a little longer, mother, to think it out by myself. It is so hard to realise it all. The blow was so sudden that I feel crushed— stunned. '' She is firm in her resolve, and once more Mrs. Nolan leaves her, sadly troubled. What a miserable business it all is. How terrible to think that the ungoverned passion of a moment should wreck two lives forever. The news spreads that Mr. Nolan has rejoined the army, and that Mrs. Nolan is inconsolable over his departure. Mrs. and Miss Macgregor call, and Mrs. Nolan is at home. Her sorrow she cannot forget is also her secret ; Lewis' honour and safety are in her hands. What- ever she may suffer, though she never meet more, no one must suspect that other than natural grief at parting is in her heart. She comes down as carefully dressed as usual, to meet them, but at sight of her both ladies utter a simultaneous exclamation. ''My dear Sydney, surely you have been' ill!'' She is so worn, so wasted, so white, so changed in three days, that both sit and look at her, honestly shocked. ''No,'' Sydney answers. ''I have not been ill.'' She leans her head against the blue satin back of her chair, as if even to sit upright were a painful effort. ''We were very much surprised to hear of Mr. Nolan's departure, my dear Sydney,'' says Mrs. Macgregor smoothly, and watching her with a cat-like gleam. ''A very sudden decision, was it not ?'' ''Not at all. He has been talking of it from the first.'' ''Ah! we all know what it is to have our dear ones in danger. Poor Dick!'' sighs Dick's mother, with real feeling. ''I wish my dear one— meaning, of course, Mr. Vanderdonck--would take it into his head to go three hours after the ceremony. With what Spartan generosity would I not offer up my bridegroom upon the altar of my country,'' says the vivacious Katherine. The call is short, for Sydney's responses are monosyllabic ; she looks cold, and wretched, and ill, through it all, the very ghost of her own bright self . ''And this is to be in love !'' says Katherine, with her most contemptuous shrug. ''Thanks and praise be that I never felt the tender passion. She looks as if she might safely go into her coffin and the lid be screwed down. After six months of matrimony, too !'' ''I believe there is something more under this than meets the eye,'' says mamma, oracularly. ''I never liked the looks of that young man. In the ordinary course of things she might grieve for his departure ; but there is something more than wifely grief in that face, or I am mistaken.'' 1 Mrs. Graham came too, full of sympathy for Mrs. Nolan, and of pride and praise for Lewis. Sydney listened drearily to it all, tried to answer, and was glad when it was over, and she was left alone once more. On the fifth day she went out for the first time, and made her way to the cottage to see Lucy. Without a word Lucy opened her arms, and Sydney went into them and lay still. The mother left them alone —if any one could help this dumb torpor of pain, it was Lucy— she would not interfere. She was right. Seated on a hassock beside Lucy's chair, Lucy softly touching the fair head that drooped on her knee, Lucy lovingly and sweetly speaking, the first ray of light seemed to pierce the darkness of Sydney's despair. For it was despair, tearless, speech- less despair, an agony of loss, or bewildered misery; too great for tears or words. ''I want you to stay with me all night,'' Lucy said, entreatingly, ''Remember, you have never passed a night here yet. It is so lonely for you in that great empty house.'' Lonely! A spasm crossed the widowed wife's face. Ay, lonely indeed ; lonely for ever more. She consented, and with Luoy's gentle words still soothing her troubled soul, the first unbroken sleep that had come to her since that night refreshed her. She had knelt by the bedside with clasped hands and bent head, with no words on her lips, but bowing down body and soul at the foot of the Cross, her heart crying out in its anguish for help to that great love ''that never fails, when earthly loves decay,'' And with next day's awakening some of Lucy's own patience and resignation seemed to awake in her soul. ''Have you read the letter Lewis left for you, Sydney ?'' Lucy asked, before they parted. Sydney's lips quivered. ''Not yet,'' she said. ''I could not. I was not able.'' ''Read it today, dear. See what he says, and if there is anything he asks you to do for him, you will be the happier for doing it. And keep Teddy with you--poor little follow ; it is cruel to neglect him and make him suffer. A child is the best companion in the world, too.'' Sydney goes, feeling strengthened and lightened somehow, and obeys all orders, She goes to see Teddy, who, is in trouble on his own account, his frisky ''wocking-hoss'' having just pitched him heels over head. He is kissed and comforted, and set right side up again, and then Sydney wanders away to her husband's study, and in the room sacred to his use, reads the letter. It is very long, and inexpressibly , tender. It shows her his heart as she has never known it before. And all at once, at some loving, pathetic words, at the old pet name, ''my princess,'' she breaks down ; and a very tempest of tears and sobs washes away the darkness of despair. The worst is over, the blow has fallen; and she knows he is dearer to her a hundred- fold than ever before. She sits there for hours, and an uplifted, subli- mated feeling comes in place of the tearless, hopeless apathy that has held her so long. She will begin her life anew, apart from him in this world if it must be, and yet united more closely than before in heart. In helping others she will forget her own sorrow— in doing good, peace may return even to her. She will learn to say, ''Thy will be done,'' and kiss the rod that smites her. She will possess her soul in patience, and wait ; and if never here, at least in the true Fatherland, where all are forgiven, where parting and pain come, her husband will be hers once more. ( To be Continued.)______________ If a person cannot sleep it is because blood is in the brain; the remedy, therefore is obviously to call the blood down from the head. This can be done by eating a biscuit, a boiled egg, or a piece of bread and butter. Following this up with a glass of of milk, or even water, and you will fall asleep. Unlike his predecessor, the young Czar of Russia walks almost daily in the streets of St. Petersburg. Sometimes he is attended by no one but his wife. On other occasions he goes alone. 