HtPfift; By HENRY .kBKitAN, Author *& ''i2agle Joe,' iVStsarJpt Fortune/' ^'Be tween the.vWhinV 'A Iieadiilg lady,' 'For Old Virginia,':- &a;, &«., Joinf feuthor of ''Tie Bishops Bible,'. 'Wild Darrie,' 'One Travel ler RetaniB,' 'He Fell Amcmg Thieves,' &c.; CHA±»TE!B. IX While the b&ck; thunder dotyls of the ex posure of her father's shame were rolling nearer and threatening Mies Angel's' peace, the young laudy was in the happiest and busiest of moods. An outfit had to be order ed, and for the first tinie in her young life Miss Kershaw took an interest, a great inter est, in female finery and milliner'6 artifices. She considered that, in going abroad, she was leaving 'her country, which was -her own home, and where she could clress as she pleased,' for one where the foibles of ceremon ious society had to be taken -into account, and where a sop had to be thrown to the Cerberus of fashion, if she desired to associ ate with people who were her equals in sta tion. She had shrewd common sense enough to understand that whilst in New York and the States she was Miss Kershaw of Angelica City— a personality Whom most people knew, and who could afford to dress as simply or as oddly as she pleased— 3n Europe the customs and habits of society would have to be con sidered, and she would not be able, for in stance, to go to a dinner party in her ordinary 'walking dress, without attracting uncharit able notice. Much as she disliked It, therefore, at first, she had to hand herself over to the tender mercies of the fashionable dressmaker. But appetite comes with eating; and whether it was that the enthusiasm of the modiste about gorgeous jgowns, and mantles, andt what not, was contagious, or that the young* lady had never 'really understood what delight the fe male mind can find over the selection of ma terials, the all- important decisions anent cut and shape, and especially over that superT latively exeitmg occupation of trying on, Miss Angel's opinions, about frocks and frock builders gradually, but surely, underwent a complete change, and she was as happy over her newly discovered excitement as a child over a new toy. Miss Kershaw was closeted with her philo sopher and guide, the fashionable milliner and dressmaker, deep in the study of the intri casies of the last Parisian edicts relating lo frocks, when Hubert Underwood was admit ted below, and immediately .proceeded to the library, where he ihoped to find Daniel Ker shaw. The young man was pale. His eyes wan dered about the room restlessly, and his hands trembled. .Mr. Kershaw happened to be momentarily absent, and to the young jour nalist the few minutes that elapsed before the millionaire entered the library appeared in terminable. The old pioneer at once noticed the pecu liarly nervous condition of the usually 60 calm and unexcitable young man, and im mediately faced him with, the remark— 'Thar's somethin' gone crooked, boy, I know. What i6 it?' . ..'Mr. Kershaw,' answered Underwood, '1 bad intended, if possible, to spare you the worry and annoyance which are bound to arise from the disclosure I have to make to you; but matters have taken such a' turn that I deem it my duty to tell you what has happened.' 'Hold hard,' exclaimed the old man. 'I guess what yew're goin' to ten me ain't as Bweet as maple sugar, an' if yew don't mind, I'll sit down to it. ftow, my boy,' he con tinued, 6eating himself in his big armchair, 'yew can etart, an' run, an' race, an' have the whole length o' the road.' 'My father, the father of whom I. have such reason to. be ashamed,' -continued Hubert, with an anxious tremor thrilling in his voice, 'is in New York. He ha's been hi New iTork for some days.' It was Daniel Kerehaw's .turn now to feel his nerves tingling with an unaccustomed trepidation. He had faced dangers of all kinds over and over again; he had laughed gaunt death. ia the face on scores of occas ions; but shame, *and especially shame and distress to his Angel, affrighted him. A ghost had haunted him for two or three days past— a ghost called up by Michael Turner's face, which he. had seen from his wiridow-r the ghost of Hellfire Joe, that scowled at him of a night, and glared at him from odd corn ers of his dreams, and pointed with claw like fingers to its torn and swollen neck, and cried, 'What right have f-ou with my daugh ter? Give up my daughter! Tell her that you killed me!' 'Waal,' he said slowly, 'that ain't news as one would pi;int, an' buy a frame for, an' hang in tue parlor; but I guess it wos to be 6ome day or other. I reckon he wants money, an' hell have to have it' 'I have given him money,' retorted Under wood bitterly, 'but it is like droplets thrown into the ocean.- The more you give, the more he wastes in debauchery, and the more he wants. That would be little, but he has just escaped from jail, and there is no crime that he would not commit, when in drink, or to get drink. He made a great show of be ing anxious to reform, and very nearly suc ceeded hi throwing dust' in my eyes. Xruck ily he betrayed himself, and he betrayed him self over a real, or pretended grudge against you.' 'Agin me?' cried the old man in astonish ment.. 'What's Tie got agin me?' The ivhole ^tory had to be told— the sore had to be laid fully bare. 'He; says,' continued Hubert with slowly nervous, deliberation, 'that you hanged his partner, Hellfire Joe, that you- ?nearly hanged him, that Miss Kershaw is Hellfire Joe's daughter, and. that he will not allow her to remain in ignorance of her father's name.' The old frontiersman had risen slowly, with blanching face and stonily hardening features, silent and grim. Gradually the heaving bo som swelled, the lips opened, showing the teeth hard set, and a fierce solemnity, the solemnity of outraged justice, shone in his eyes. '.'. ' '...'?''. 'Mike Turner yewr father!' hissed Ker shaw, 'an' he 'II tell my Angel that her father wos a murderer, an' that I hanged him! Not much he won't, I reckon. Whar is he?' he demanded nearly savagely. 'I have him safe for the moment,' answer ed Underwood, aghast at the impression his announcement had made upon the millionaire. 'He Is under lock and key in a small hotel hi -3anal-streetj-and the proprietor1 is keeping watch and guard' Tirar him.!' \ ~ 'But yew'/cayn't 'keep him that for ever,' cried the pioneer. 'Let's keep our heads cool, an' see 'that the primin'e dry. It won't do now to go 'to Tewrup, an' leave Mm heear. That would Jook cowardly, an' no man or devil shall 'ever say that Dan'l Bjenshaw TPos afraid of him. It ain't yewr., fault, 'my boy, that Cheeseface Mike is yewr father, any more than it's -my Angel's fault that Hellfire Joe was hits' He had ^fonfessed the hard naked troth without ^knowing thai: he had confessed it; but now that It was told, lie felt the load of & millstone taken from Tiis mind. For years he had jealously guarded the secret Now another man shared Jt^Bie jnan of an others most likely to shield, with the .bulwark of his own life, her whom It threatened. And Huber-t,-_knowing' -that his betrothed was of as lowly, as -mean, and as despicable birth as himself, was so eteeped in his love that be felt nSt even a tinge of added joy over the discovery:. which- 'brought Angelica Ker ehaw to a clearer level with himself. She was not lowered a hair's-breadth in ills es teem, in his reverence, in his adoration. Only a tremorous -£lty, a tender sorrdw^that an ointed njs love and made it a^trifle softer and balmier. Not a -remark, not an .exclamation oi surprise escaped from, his 'lips. His Angel was his Angel, and be would as lief have chided a butterfly for ibaving -sprang Stem & chrysalis, as have dreamed of deeming It a reproach that she 'was as low-born as him self. / ;= ? ' 'I guess yew'Ve got to let me handle that father «' yewrn,' continued Daniel Kershaw. 'It ain't to be reckoned as yew'd keep tiie grip : on him another man could. He ain't quite a dog-gone fool, -3heesefaee Mike ain't. If he's jest escaped from prie'n, he knows that he can be sent back agin. He may, think that his own son wouldn't 4o that, but ne'e tasted samples of my pepper afore, an' 1 guess his mouth is smarttn* yet. Tbar's two things to be did. Mike Turner's got to be made to keep a close tongue, .and'— here the old man's voice dropped, and a. tremor vibrated through it— 'my Angel's got to know that I ain't her father.' 'But surely ? ?' exclaimed Hubert 'Oh, fion't yew go an' frighten yewrself,' interrupted 'Kersliaw. *'I aln'tf goin' to tell her nothen about Hellfire Joe an' his s^allows. Thar ain't nothen to be gained by that. But I count as I- got to be honest at last, an' tell her as I've stole her love, an' beg her to for give me-^to forgive me.' ' - The voice became softer and nearly tearful as he went on. It was the voice of a poor repentant sinner .proclaiming his hope of a 'pardon to come. . .?-;-- 'Yes, my boy,' he rep.ea.ted, 'I've stole her love; an' what's more,' he added with a stern resolution, 'I mean to keep it, God bein' willin', all the days of my life. Now yew go down town, an' if it can be did, yew bring that father o' yewm to me heear. If it cayh't be did, yew come back an* let me know, an' I'U go down to him.' * 'It's ony right,' he muttered when the young. man -^ was gone. 'It wasn't fair to start with, .an' God knows I've tried to fight agin it an' tell her of It this many a year past.' : . I The young lady was hi a pretty, pout at being disturbed: 'What a bother, daddie dear!' she exclaim ed as she came into the room, radiant with the glow of agreeable excitement. 'Mrs. Mortimer is upstairs, and her .assistant and she has to go Tjack nearly immediately, and she can't wait.' : 'Sit down heear, my Angel,' he said softly. 'Never mind the dressmaker for a few minits.' . ' ''A few minutes.?' she cried, pursing her pretty lips. 'A few minutes?'- : 'Yes, a few minutes,' he replied. ? ''Per haps ten— perhaps fifteen. Yew'U give them to yewr daddie, won't yew, if he asks yew?' 'Why, you're as serious as a judge, daddie dear.' rejoined Miss Angel, seating herself oil a footstool at his feet and looking 4ip into his eyes. 'What is the matter? What has happened?' He took her head between hjs two hands and kissed her upon the forehead, long and fervently. J 'I love yew so, my Angel.' he breathed. 'I believe I'd die If I were forbid to love yew. I ain't much of a hand at jsayin? whys, nor wherefores, nor hows, but I know that yew're settled jest heear— jest on iny heart, an' grow ed thar.' 'I know this, daddie darling,' she whisper ed surprisedly. 'I have known it ever since I've been able to understand what it is. to be loved.' ' 'An' yew love me, my dear,' he continued in the same tenderly vibrating, half-broken voice. 'Yew love me as, a good gell ought to love her father.. Tell me, dearie, do yew love me becos yew think I'm yewr father, or do yew love me becos it's yewr nature, an' yew cayn't help lovin' me?' -She looked up at him with her big, dark eyes brimming with, her heart's full devoted ness. ? . . 'What a question to ask, daddie!' she said smilingly. 'I love you because I love you. Because you're the dearest daddie in the world; because not to love you would be im possible.'' 'Ah, would it?' he retorted. 'Suppose— -jest suppose — I wosn't yewr father. Suppose yewr father wos dead an' gone long ago, an* I've taken his place, an' given out as I wos yewr father.' His eyes were glued upon her as he spoke. He watched every movement of her features, as if ail his heaven were staked upon her reply. 'I don!t want to suppose any such thing,' she answered. 'What is the good of it?' 'Answer me,' he pleaded. 'Suppose it wos. Suppose I wosn't yewr father— how would it be then?' 'Why, if it were so,' she replied with drooped eyes, and 'the fingers of one hand nervously moving across the open palm of the other, 'you have been my father— I know no other. I can remember no other— I «an think of no other.' 'But if I had told yew lies,' he went on in a hoarse stoniness-7'if I had told you stories that wosn't true, becos I had to say some thin', yew know, when yew asked questions —an' yew did ask a lot, yew know— all sorts of 'etn— about yewr mother, an' about things —an' I, I told them -one -after another, an' one wickeder than another. Becos yew see, my dearie,' he cried in an agony of confession, 'I am not yewr father, an' I've j lied to yew all this while. An' now It's had j to come out an' yew'U. despise me.' , ? ? He turned his face aside and buried it in his hands. She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of piteous sympathy welling in her eyes and rolling over her cheeks, ' drew his fingers aside from where they Bested, and ericircling his neck with her soft arms, pressed her face against his, sobbing as if her heart-strings were overstrained -In their effort to make sweet music - ' 'No, daddie, darling,' she cried. . 'Never, daddie darling-— never, now in this life which is yours— never, now, or hereafter. You not my father? There is only one for me beside you— the Master in heaven. A thousand Jtimes more my father now, than you ever could have been.' And kissing him again and again in such holy embrace as a daughter may give to tier parent, she laid her head on his bosom, and the sturdy pioneer Wept with her as though they both were children. . She pulled out her handkerchief and dried his eyes and hers-at the same tim&\- ? - 'Listen to me, my AngeV he whispered. : *T11 have It off my chest— as much of it, at any rate, as yew need be told.' A shiver of self- reproach went through him at that moment as he reflected that a portion, at least of the dread facts would bare to be concealed from her. ..- ' ... 'Yew wos a. tiny wee babby,*', he went on, slowly and stolidly, '^wben yewr father died —jest about three years old— an' yew had no , one in the wide, wide world to give yew as . much as a drop o' water— no father, no mo te, no sister, no brother, no nobody. .1 knowed yewr father. '[ He wos not a very good man, but it ain't my .place heear to say a. word agin him afore yew, his 'daughter. Yew wos the prettiest babby that J ever seed, an* the moment I'eet my eyes on yew I took to yew, an' yew took to me. .Yew could barely toddle then, an* 1 w&$ as pleased as a squaw over -a. new red blanket to have a lit tle tiling like yew erowin' at me when I cum -home from the mounting or fimn prairie loaf- ' ?In*. An' then yew growed, an' the more yew growed, -the more yew-got to be a need to. me, an* I would rB£er~have'done without my pipe, an'^iy wiiisky, fifty tunes -aye, than without yew..-.. An* then- yewr .got-to be old enough to ialk^ an1 to ask about things, an' then the lies had to begin, fur yew tailed me daddie, an1 1 didn't like to say nay to. that— it would iiave hurt me to say jlay to that Then all the folks about called yew. Kersaw's little wench, atf I didn't say»Tna&-to that either; an' the bigger yew growed, the pret tier yew growed, an* yew got to'be Seat a bit of my heart like, an* a man might , as easy have cut a slice o' that gut -as .yew. Then' I got rich, an' the gold cum tumblin* in, wag gins full, an' I wos glad it cum. ' X said to .myself, ihat's all for my Angel; , an* that 'pleased me, yew know, an* made me work narder, 'cos I bad yew, my dearie, to work {or, An', yew growed gulte-a. lady, an* #o npnaum/ an' so lovin', an' so kind to me; an' all the people loved yew, an' I wos so proud that they did love yew, an' though I often did think of tellin' yew, I never had the heart to do it till now. An' now I have told yew, an' yew haven't called me names, an* yew've kissed me, an' I'm happier than ever I wos, 'cos I've told yew what yew ought to have knowed years agone.' He raised her and drew her to his breast, and enfolded her slight frame with his great strong arms, and pressed her to his heart, and neither of them uttered a whisper for the space of a minute or two. 'Do not speak of this again, daddie dar ling,' she breathed. .'I want to know no rnore about it. I am doubly your child, for now my sense of gratitude is awakened, and I am begining to feel how much I owe to your love. But ,f or you I might be a poof, wretch ed forlorn waif of tne prairies-^a straw cast before the winds— and here I am, rich, re spected, beloved, and cared for. I have not yet been able to arrive at a full apreciation of my debt to you; but I will soon, daddie dear; I will. But I'll love you all the more, if that be possible. . I'm a fright'' she ex claimed with changed countenance, jumping up and regarding herself in the mirror, 'and Mrs.- Mortimer will think that you've been scolding me, and have made me cry. I don't ?care,' she added brightly, smoothing her tresses and cooling her glowing face with her handkerchief; 'let her think what she likes.' ~ She blew a kiss to him, as she paused for a moment at the door. 'God bless you, da*ddie darling!' she whis pered, and was gone. Gone like a soft breeze that has cooled the burning face. Gone like a bounteous shower, that has refreshed the 6un-scorched plain. Gone like blessed charity that leaves Its hap piness in its wake. Gone as love does go, when it has brought life and hope, .and has promised to return. , The pioneer 'was sitting in his arm-chair dreamily, as he. had never remembered him self before. A doubt still battled in his mind. Ought I to have told her all? he de liberated with himself. ^Ought I to tell her still? No, no, no, no! came the answer of . his conscience clear as. a clarion; you must not break her young heart, and blast all her life with the cankering thought ...that her father was an assassin. - At that moment young Underwood appear ed at the door, paler even than he ,had been earlier in the morning. 'What's the sign now?' asked Kershaw. 'Is thar a painther loose?' 'No,' gasped the young man, 'but a crea ture that's far worse. My father has got away again.' . ? 'Got away!' exclaimed the pioneer. 'Waal!1'^ ? 'He has nearly murdered the landlord of the hotel,' continued Underwood. 'He made a ghastly, borrible sling-shot by filling a heavy tumbler with the iron tops ecrewed off from the fire-irons, and lying the lot in a handkerchief. He lay in wait behind the door for. the poor man, and when the latter entered to give him. his luncheon, he struck him a fearful blow over the back of the head, breaking the tumbler into half a dozen pieetS and fracturing the skull. It is doubtful whe ther or not the wounded man will live, and In the hurry and skurry my father got clean away.' 'Waal, boy, what do you propose to do?' asked Kershaw. 'Heaven only knows,' replied the journa list. 'There'll be a trial now, and an expo sure,- and Miss Angelica may hear all about it, for the old villain will certainly not hold i his tongue. 'O God,' he cried, 'is it a -sin to wish one's own father dead?' -To be continued.) 