ESTABLISHED 1854. SATURDAY, MARCH 14th. AN event, unique in the history local politics; has to be recorded this week ; we allude pointedly to the "stonewall" carried on by Crs. Schutt, Cullen and Styles, at Tuesday's Council meeting over the Short Road Improvement project. The motive for these gentle men's tactics was not disclosed during debate; so we are utterly at a loss to understand what actuated them in deliberately and undisguisedly settling down to attempt a wreck of the splendid work performed in the town's interest by the Short Road Committee. Unfortunately, as it transpired,. His Worship the Mayor was unavoidably absent, otherwise a strong-minded chairman would have put down with a firm hand at once such gross tomfoolery as wasting valuable time.' Proceedings commenced with a reading of the committee's report upon the arrange ment 'arrived at with Port Melbourne Council, , and in which was submitted the document as a basis upon which the Government might be approached. To be explicit . upon what attended presentation of the plan, the rate payers must be made aware of the fact that Chief Stonewaller Schutt' has become conspicuous at the table by his absence except when he has a motion generally a two-penny ha-penny gutter job-in his name, so it was not a matter of surprise that he confessed to an entire ignorance upon the subject before the chair other than he had read in the papers." Lieutenant Cullen is nearly as bad in his attendances, but Bombardier ,Styles really beats him hollow at being everywhere but at the council table when his presence would be valuable; even when he does turn up,it is only to rush away in an hour to catch a train- back to his beloved Parliamentary duties. Now the rate payers will understand what follows. At 3.15 p.m. the chairman of Short Road committee read the report, and from that moment till 5 o'clock'Crs: Schutt, Cullen, and Styles- though knowing and confessing theiselves 'to be in, a hopeless minority-moved amendment after` amendment as meaningless as they were worthless. Why, " they even ' spent twenty minutes by the clock in fighting over whether the word "may" or "shall". was grainmatical when applied in the future tense to a certain clause; the first .state school boy passing the. door could 'have' enlightened them. Even when the reporters of the two leading local journals, absolutely' tired` oiut with waiting over an hour for something worth recording to fall from the lips of the .stonewallers, left the chamber for i refreshing smoke ini the porch, the trio refused to ackaowledge the plain hint and accept defeat. No; and we .trust their constituents' will remember this 'fact 'at August, they-for Cr Styles used the word "'we"-continued to cry -divide'- until tlhey thoroughly broke down for want of further ground' upon ,which to' play at "'block." From the, first 'the -Short Road com imittee saw what,was before them,,and by :voting solidly have saved for the town one of the most valuable and sensible pieces, of legislation which Council annals have recorded for years. It is a marvel 'to 'us that the rate payers of Victoria Ward have not called upon Cr Schutt to resign ere this, for: 'they have only to turn up the files of local journals to see the number of his: attendances at the table in the last six,'months especially-they could be ci'duited onnth'efingersofthehand; butwe cidonljy attribute his being tolerated by the invaluable presence of Crs Booker and Peel at the table, and the manner in which their energy is thrown into everything affecting Victoria Ward requirements. Or Cullen, we believe, pleads "business" as the cause of his frequent absences, but that is no excuse for the utter lack of all grasp upon the Short Road question which he displayed on Tuesday. As for Cr. Styles, well, it's another case of too many irons in the fire, and'thie rate payers will not submit to such august bodies as Parliament iand the Metropolitan Board being placed before Williamstown's financial and health requirements. We have kept silent too long, it appears, over this laxness of attendances upon Council duties, and if either of the three can excuse themselves honestly upon any of the points we have mentioned, these columns will be open to them, as they . will clearly and emphatically understand that we speak of matters as they are, and not as they sesm,and are always. prepared to acknowledge the ratepayers jurors upon the issue. Ms JAMES STYLES, M.P. for Williams town, has either something extremely good " up his sleeve," or else he has properly put his foot in the fat. While discussing and stonewalling the Short Road question as already mentioned, Mr Styles disclosed that, in company with Mr Sangster M.P. for Port Melbourne, be had waited on the Minister of Public Works soithoout be insg asked-laying especial emphasis on the italicised words-but what took place, or whether the Minister replied favorably,he did not attempt to explain; but point was observabler when the rs looked back at their notes ;i-L- and marked- that -Mr Styles hadt pieviouily said "I move the subject be deferred for six months." Still, there- i was a surprise in store for everyone, la as when Cr. Hosking later on moved T ' tha£1 MF Stylis 'bed asked'to joi' with r Mr Sangster and use his, best influence d with, members i f, botli House's of L Parliament who are favorable to the Short Road- scheme, toget them tojo attend,the.deputation. 4o the Govern- is ment....:.," Mr Styles replied " I shall C do. nothing of the sort." This was e indeed a thunderbolt, and caused Cr. Hoskidig to' exclaim "Won't you !" iand Cr. Styles rejoined' "No- sir, I will not; not for all the Councils in the f colony." The question then arose as to whether Mr Styles, M.P., or plain t Cr. Styles was- speaking, but no 1' elucidation -was apparent until Cr. Styles expressed himself as" ready -to assist a deputation." ' Thus we are compelled to put a simple question to the member for Williamstown,namely, 1 does he value his own- opinion above I that of the council, ratepayers, and press of Williamstown and Newport who all agree that the Short Road is essential to the district's welfare I We would like an answer, for we have a distinct recollection of Mr Styles utter ing words to this effect while seeking election,-" If I had the Short Road in hand, it- would be` donie in three imonths."- Can Mr Styles not hold toi thiat view now or wherifoie thesidden change of froritseeing that- lis ward ina s the Council will materially benefit by the'stone trade with :other ,suburbs.. The more we look at -Mr Styles' singular stand, the more confusing be comes the task of logically reasoning it out, so we are constrained to await his his explanation. AT the death of Prince Henry, of Battenburg, a joint letter of condolence was forwarded from the Australasian colonies, Canada, Natal, and Cape of Good Hope to Her Majesty the Queen and Princess Beatrice.' Upon tlie message being delivered Her Majesty was much effected by what she was pleased to term "such expressions of local sympathy," and.requested Mr Chamberlain, Secretary of State for the Colonies, to write to the different Premiers -as follows :-"Her Majesty desires me to add that she.feels your letter, to be but one more indication of those genuine sentiments entertained for her by the people of her colonies,, the manifestation of whose sympathy' is a source of great consolation to herself and' the Princess in theirideep affliction." TuE Executive Council have passed certain material amendments in regulations -under- the Education Act. In future, teachers will be required to examine all the classes in their schools at least three times in the year, and records. must be kept of all such examinatidns for -the informatioi of inspectors. Regarding examiination. and classification of teachers, a certificate - of - competency srill only. be issued to teachers who have discharged satisfactorily the duties pertaining to their position for 12 .months. Teachers desiring to be classified in the second class, must have carried out the duties of head teacherin a fifth class school, or higher; for two full years. In future, teachers will not receive any, travelling allowance ui to fdour; miles. The minor alterations iinlude expeirdi ture under Boards of Advice. " Owrs- to pressure-on our space this week a qiantitiy of interesting matter is unaviod ably held over. S SneLOmstss Fifty-eight Years Ago," an original serial from the pen of our popular contributor, "J.T." will appear in next issue. - BuwEEsv a 9dd 10 o'clockjon Thursday night some persoi niade a delibeiats attempt to burn down an unoccupied four-roomed iwelling in Douglas Parade, opposite the Prince Albert Hotel, and owned by Mr:J: Quigley, senior. The flalmies were discovered just in time by a person living in the neigh borhood, and ready assistance soon extin guished-them with a few buckets of water.' 'The brigade, under Superintendent Lindsey, received a street call and were on the spot in an incredibly short space of time, in fact it almost looked-as if they had been hiding around the corner. The owner was away in one of the suburbs on business at the time, uand cannot conceive who his enemy is. The building is insured but the damage was only;sllght. Constable Grant, of Newport, is investigating the affair. MESSRir Pearson and Dowman, J's.P., mounted the bench at the tick of the clock yesterday morning, when the following re cord was put ip-Sergeant Mitchell: "Any 'applications? Court adjourned."' 'The usual court frequenters looked as if they had been done out of agood meal. \- THEi Victorian Railways Military Band visited the. Back Beach again on Mondisy evening,' and discoursed a 'programmeiof selected music. The fine eroning attracted -a large gathering of "isitois and tiswnsfolk on the sands. How conflrmed fabricators do give the.m selves away. The 'Tiser has been raving about the hoardings on Mr White's slip fence disfiguring the front. If tome of the posters were scraped off one of the large squares, there would be found printed beneath " Permission to post bills here must be obtained from Clark and Co,'Tieer office." The Nelson Place. Bubbler must be indeed hard up for local news, when it commences throwing stones on its own roof to get up a sensation. TiE coroner held an inquest at. South Williamstown on Monday, into the cause of death of an infant which had been bowrded out tea local resident. The inquiry was in accord with the regulations, and a verdict was returned of decease from natural causes. MIS James Gibson, of 170 Osborne street, sends acomplaint through the editor that he is much annoyed at professional and tredes iscn leaving legal and other documents at his house, which are intended for others of the same name. -Those concerned might please note. Tire Chinese Opera still hangs out in the Divison Hall. The pertormance generally starts about I1 a.m., and continues to mid night without a break, except between S and 7 p.m. The soft pedal has been taken off the kerosene-tins, and the mute has been removed froi thi rom-toms. A muscular pirate has been engaged for the former instru inents, and visitors to the port naturally ask whose wedding is on. This Opens Coy. is not up to tire former one from a Chinese muoical point of view. The Chinese musical standard is one based on capacity for creat ing noise, and the want of a bass gong and second galvanised-iron woashing tub is secverely conmrented upon. The chop stick man seems up to his work, but as his in strument cannot be heard beyond a half-of-a mile radius of the hall, he hardly counts. The season iras therefore not been a particularly successful one, and the various artistes have been keeping an almond-eye upon the manager in anticipation of the hour when the " ghost" will forget to walk. Cairns Post. AT the ordinary Council meeting on Tuesday Cr. Schutt, who has been absent from the table for a considerable time, attended and succeeded in getting a motion carried " that the levels of the streets between rMason street, the Geelong railway line, and the Western boundary of the town he fixed." \- Me COMMISSIONErI STEWAsoT has been appointed by the Ifarbor Trust to conduct the electios this month, when Commissioner Treganowan's seat becomes vacant. So far, although rumors are plentifulone candidate is positively given to oppose the retiring representative. TirE Chief Commissioner of Police has informed the Council of his intention to remove one of the Water Police constables from Williamstown. On Tuesday last much indignation was expressed at such treatment, and the late deputation were authorised to again seek an interview and press the district's claims for additional, nstead of reduced police protection. AT 2 o'clock :on Sunday imorning the brigade was called out to an outbreak of fire in a seven-roomed house, situated at the lower end of Cecil street, and untenanted. Though the firemen were on the scene in remarkably. quick time,. the ..inflammable B nature of the building rendered saving it J difficult. ...-The house was insured in the London and Laicashire office for £175, and two out buildings £15 each. AT the annual meeting of the Victorian rt Institute of Engineers on Wednesday even- sa ing, in Collins street, Melbourne, Mr H. V. Champion was elected president for the e ensuing term, and delivered a stirring ad dress to the large assemhlage of members; tI Williamstown must congratulate itself upon possessing a town surveyer and engineer who stands at the head of the colonial pro- c fession. Tire larcIh quarterly committee 'of the f North Yarra District, M.U.LO.O.F., was held at the M.U. Hall, Pascoe street, Wil- t lianmstown, on Friday, Oth inst., there were present, the District officers, Prov. G.M. i Barnes, Prov. D.G.M. Forbes, and Prov. C.S. Fowler,' and delegates as follows:- d Williamstown Lodge - P.G.R. Beanland, P.G. Baker, P.G. Edmunds and P.G. Randall; Loyal Footscray Lodge-P.G. I Ladner, P.G. Vinnard, and P.G. West; Loyal Solway Lodge-P.G. Gray;. Loyal NNevport Lodge-G. I. Mills. iThe relief i conmmittee reported that a donation had been made to a brother of the Order in New Zealand, who had found himself in straitened i circumstances, and their action was eniorsed The registration of P.G. Loman as Treasurer of the District was received, and permission was granted to the Solway Lodge to change their night of mectiig from Tuesday to Thursday. Funeral donations to the amount of £50 were passed for refund, and sundry incidental expenses for payment. The aiditors' report and balance .sheet were adopted, and two cases of appeal determincd. It was decided to hold the June Quarterly Conimittee at the lodge room of the Loyal Newport Lodge. A large number of visit ing olficers friom tihe Loyal Gellibrand Lodge and tihe various lodges .in the district were present during' the transaction of the busi ness. . WE are pleased to learn that our respected townsman, Mr Harrow, has been appointed engineer of Lord Brassey's yacht the Sunbeam. Mr Harrow has received a 12 months' engagement. GREAT progress was made at thIe weekly meeting of the Easter Monday sports com- mittee. The, secretary reported. splendid stipjort'froim professional and tradesmen of the town, by way of donations and trophies. Handicappers vere appointed for the F.S. Race and tihe Bicycle Race. The Mayor and Mr M'Dermott were appointed judges. Prizes were apportioned for the largest muster of lodgemen and best sustained characters. Procession judges, Messrs Keig. Ponton and Slee. The procession will start at Central Hall, Douglas Parade, by way of Ferguson street, Nelson Place and Thompson street. Trophies are now on view at Mr Punshon's, and next. week will appear in Mr F. Wood's window, Nelson Place. ,MESSRs Evans and Co, proprietors of the steam riding gallery in Nelson Place, have generously consented to donate an afternoon and evening's entertainment next .Wednes. 'day towards the fnds of the WVilliamstown Hospital. The charge is distinctly three pence per ride for the day, so that a hand somes sum should result. We wish the pro prietors fine weather and a liberal attend ance. Tickets can only' be obtained from Messrs Evanss nid Co: at the gallery. THE Darktown Fire Brigade was formally inaugurated last Wednesday evening, and will prove, a striking novelty at the Easter sports. The members of the brigade are sworn tis secrecy as to their intentions, but we are at liberty to say that for comicality. nothing :in -the show will touch the whole turnout. The public must wait and see for themselves. 