PHROSO. Bv ANTHONF HOPE, Author of ' The Prisoner of Zenda.' {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.'] Chafter XXL — A Word of Various Meanings. She came up to me swiftly and without hesi tation. I had looked for Eonie embarrassment, but there v/as none in her face. She met my eyes full aud square and began to speak to me at once. ?' My lord,' she 6aid, ' I must ask one thing of you ; I must lay more burdens on you. After to-day I dare not be here, when my countrymen learn how they are deluded, for I should be ashamed to face them ; and I dare ?riot trust myself to the Turks, for I do not know what they would do. with me. Will you ? take me with you — to Athens or to some other port from which I can reach Athens? I can elude the guards here ; I shall be no trouble. You need only tell me when your boat will start and give me a corner to live in on board. Indeed I grieve to ask more of you, for you liave done so much for me, but my trouble is gt«at arid — what is it, my lord V I had moved my hand to stop her. She had acted in the one way in which, had it been to save my life, I could not have. She put what. had passed utterly out of the way, treating it as the meiest trick. My part in it was to her fho merest trick ; of hers she said nothing. Had hers, then, been a trick also ? My blood grew hot at the thought; I could not endure rt. ' When your countrymen learn how they are deluded T said I, repeating her words. ' De luded in what?' 'In the trick we played on them, my lord, .: to— to persuade them to dispense.' ': I took a ntup towards her and my -voice shook as I said — k ' And was it all a trick. Phroso?1 For at ? .. this moment I set above everything else in the ??-/ world afresh assurance of her love. I would ' force it from her sooner than not have it. ;B!ie answered me with questioning eyes and n sad little smile. ; 'Are we then betrothed ?' she said in mournful mockery. I was close by her now. I did not touch her, , but I bent a little and my face was near her. '. Was it a trick to-day and a triek onTJS.' T^libn'aaayalBof^lMikedL ?' ?'?* ',?.'? She gave one startled glance at my face and ,no«r her ey«a dropped to the ground. She made no answer to my question, - ' 'Was it also* trick, SPhroso?' I asked in entreaty, in insistence, in the wild longing to near her love declared once, here, to me alone,] where nobody could -hear, nobody impair its' Bweet secrecy. . Phroso's answer came now, set to. the ac companiment of the saddest), softest murmur ing laugh. ' Ah, my dear lord^ must yon hear it again ? Am I not twice ashamed already ?' 'Be ashamed yet once again,'.I whispered ; and then I saw' the light of gladness master the misty sorrow in her eyes as I had Been once before ; and I greeted it whispering— 'Yea, a thousand times, a thousand times.' 'My dear lord,' she said; but then she* sprang back and the lightness was clouded again as she stood aloof, regarding me in speechless distressed puzzle-. 'But, my lord,' she murmured so low that I scarcely heard. Then she took refuge in a return to her request. 'You won't leave me here, will you? You will take me some where where I can be safe. I— I'm afraid of these men, even though the PaBha is dead.' I took no notice of the request she repeated. I seemed unable to speak or to do anything else but look into her eyes ; and I said, a tone of awe in my voice — 'You have* the moat wonderful eyes In all the world, Phro3O.' 'My lord,' murmured Phroso, dropping their lids. But I knew Bhe would open them soon again— and so she did. 'Yes, in all the wide world,' said L ' And I want to hear it again.' As we talked we hiui moved little by little and now we were at the side of the house iu the deep dull shadow of it. Yet the eyes I praised pierced the gloom and shone in the darkness. And suddenly I felt aims about my neck, clasping me tightly and ber breath was on my cheek, coming quick and unevenly, and she whispered — 'Yea, you shall hear it again and again and again, for I am not asbained now. For I know, yea, I know, I love you. I love you ; ah, how I love you.' And her whispers found answers iu mine, and I held her as though against all tho world, and all the world was in that moment and there was nothing else than that moment in all the world. And had a man told me then that I had felt love before I would have laughed in his face — the fool 1 But then Phroso drew back again, the brief rapture free from all past or future, all thought or doubt, left her, and in leaving her forsook me also, and she stood again over against me, murmuring — ' But, ray lord ? ' I knew well what she would say, and for an instant I stood silent ; the world hung for us on the balance of my next words. 'But, my lord, the lady who waits for you over the sea?' And there sounded a note of fear in tiie softly-breathed whisper that the night carried to my ear. In an instant before I could answer Phroso came near to me and kid one hand on my arm and spoke gently and quickly. ' Yes, I know, I see, I understand,' she said, ' and I thank you, my lord ; and I thank God, my dear lord, that you told me and did not leave without showing me your love. Forthoucrh I must be verv unhannv. vet T shall be proud ; and in the long nights I shall think of this dear island and of you, though you will both be far away. Yes, I thank heaven you told me, my dear lord.' And she bsnt her head, that should have bent to no man, and kissed my hand. But I snatched my hand hastily away and I sprang to her and caught her again in my arms and again kissed her lips, for my resolve was made. I would not ^efc her go. Those who would might ask the rights of it. I would not let her go. Yet I spoke no word and she did not understand, but thought that I kissed her in farewell, for the tears were on her face and wetted my lips ; and she clung to me as though something was tearing her from me and must soon sunder her apart, bo greedy was her grasp on. me. And then I opened my mouth to whisper in her ear the words that would bid defiance to the thing that was tear ing her away aud must rivet her life to uiihe^' But hark ! There was a cry— a startled ex clamation and the sound of footsteps. My name was shouted loud and eagerJy. 1 knew Denny's voice. Pbroso slid from my relaxed arms and drew back into the deepest shadow. ' I'll be back soon,' I whispered, and with a last pressure cf ber band that was warm now aud answered to my grasp, I stepped oat of the shelter of the wall and stood in f rant of tbe house. Denny -was on the doorstep ; the door was open, and the light from the lamps in the hall flooded the night and fell full on my face as I walked up to him. And on sight of uxc uu oc*;im;u tu luigiiL ma unu enauiL uuu ilia own eagerness, for he caught me by the shoulder and stared at me, crying — 'Heavens, man, you're as white as a sheet ! Have you seen a ghost? Does Coa&tamine; walk — or Mouraki ?' ' Fifty ghosts would be a joke to what I've been through. My God, I never had such a time ! What did you want ? What did you call me for? I can't stay. She's waiting.' For now I did not care ; Denny and all Neo patia might know now. 'Yes, but she must wait a little,' he said. 'You must come into -the house aud come up stairs.' 'I can't,' I said obstinately. 'I — I — I can't, Denny.' 'You must. Don't be a fool, Charley. It's important ; the captain is waiting for you.' His face seemed big with news — what it might be I could not tell — but the hint of it was enough to make me catch hold of him, cry ing, ' What is it ? I'll come.' 'That's right. Come along.' And he turned and led the way rapidly through the old hall and up the stairs. 1 followed him, my mind whirling through a cloud of possi bilities. The quiet business-like aspect of tho room into which Denny led the way did something to sober me. I pulled myself together, seeking to hide my feelings under a mask of careless ness. Tbe captain sat at the table with a mass of papers surrounding him ; he appeared tobe examining them and as ho read hits lips curved in surprise or contempt. 'This Mouraki was a cunning fellow,' said he, *' but if anyone had chanced to get hold of this box of his while he was alive he would not have enjoyed even so_poora poBt as he thought his governorship. Indeed, Lord Wheatley, hod you been actually a party to 'his death I think you need have feared nothing when some of the papers had found their way to the eyes of the Government. We are well rid of him, indeed I But then, fla I always say, these Armenians, though they are clever dogs—-' . ? : ?*. ?.?: . , Bud had not come to- bear a Turk discourse on Armenia-and I broke in, -with an impatience that I could not altogether conceal. ' I beg your pardon, but is that all you wanted to say to me ?' 'I should have thought that it was of Borne importance toyou,' he. observed. 'Certainly, Baid I, regainingmycomposure a little. ' But your courtesy and kindneiss had already reassured me,' He bowed his acknowledgments and pro ceeded in a most leisurely tone, sorting the ?papers and documents before him into orderly heaps. 'On the death of the Pasha, the government of tho island having temporarily devolved on me, I thought it my duty to examine bis Ex caHency'a {curse the dog!) — his Excellency's ''aespatch-box, with the result that I have dis covered very remarkable evidences of the schemes which he dared to entertain. With this, however, I need not perhaps trouble yon.' 'I would not intrude into it for the world,' I said. 'I also discovered,' he pursued in undis turbed leisure and placidity, 'among the Pasha's papers a letter addressed to ? ' ' Me ! ' and I sprang forward. 'No; to your cousin — to this frentleman. Pursuing what I conceived to be my duty — and I must trust to Mr. Swinton to forgive me ? ' Here the exasperating fellow paused, looked at Denny, waited for a bow from Denny, duly received it, duly and with ceremony returned it, sighed as though he were much relieved at Denny's complaisance, cleared his throat, ar ranged a little heap on his left hand, and at last, oh, at last I— went on. ' This letter, I say, in pursuance of what I conceived to bo my duty ? 'Yes, yes; your duty, of course. Clearly your duty ! ? Yos V 'I read. It appeared, however, to contain nothing of importance.' 'Then, why the deuce — I— I mean— I beg your pardon.' 'But really matters of private concern. But I am not warranted in letting it out of my hands. It will have to be delivered to the Government with the rest of the Pasha's papers. I have, however, allowed Mr. Swin tou to read it He says that it concerns you, Lord Wheatley, more than himself. I there fore propose to ask him to read it to you (I can decipher English, but not speak it with facility) in my presence ;' and witb this he handed an envelope to Denny. We had got to it at last. ' For heaven's sake be quick about it, my dear boy,' I cried, and I seated myself on the table, swinging my leg to and fro in a fury of restless impatience. The captain eyed my agitated body with profound disapproval. Denny took the letter from its envelope and read :—' London, 21st May.' Then he paused and remarked, 'Weg«thereon the 7th, you know.' I nodded hastily, and he went on. 'My dear Denny — Oh, how awful this is ! I can hardly bear to think of it ! Poor, poor fellow ! Mamma is terribly grieved, and I, of course, even more. Both mamma and I feel that it makes it so much worse somehow that this news should come only three days after he must have got mamma's letter. Mamma says that it doesn't really make any difference, and that if her letter was wise then, this terrible news can't alter that. I suppose it doesn't really, but ifcseems to, doesn't it? Oli !do write directly and tell me that he wasn't very un happy about it when he had that terrible fever. There's a big blot — because I'm crying. I know you thought I didn't care about him, but I did — though not (as mamma says) in on-c way, really. Do you think he for gave 'me? It would kill me if I thought he didn't. Do write sbou, I sup pose you will bring poor dear Charley home ? Please tell me he didn't think very badly of me. Mamma joins witJi me in sincereat sympathy. — Yours most sincerely, Ttoatrieo PTennett TFincmvp- P.S. — Ivfv Bennett Hamlyn has just called; he is awfully grieved about poor dear Charley. I always think of him as Charley stil!, you know. Do write.' There v/as a long pause. Then Denny ob served in a satirical tone, ' To be thought of still as ' Charley' is, aft?r all, something.' 'But what the devil does it mean?'' I cried, leaping from the table. ' I suppose you will bring poor dear Charley home,' repeated Denny in a medi tative tone. ' Well, it looks rather more like it than it did a few days a*?o, I must admit.' 'Denny, Denny, if you love me, what's it aH about ? I haven't bad any letter from ? ' 'Mamma? No, we've had no letter from mamma. But then we haven't had any letters from anybody.' 'Then I'm hanged if I ? ' I began in be wildered despondency. 'But, Charley,' interrupted Donny, 'per- haps mamma sent a letter to Mouraki Pasha ! ' ' To Mouruki ?' 'This letter of mine found its way to Mouraki. ' ' All letters,' observed the captain, who was leaning back quietly and staring at the ceiling, 'would pass through his hands if he chose to make them.' 'Good heavens!' I cried and sprang for ward. The hint was enough. In an instant my busy, nervous, shaking hands were ruining tho neat piles of documents which the captain had so carefully reared iu front and on either 6ide of him. I dived, tossed, fumbled, runi maged, scattered, strewed, tore ; the captain, incapable . of resisting my excited energy, groaned in helpless despair at the ruin of his evening's work. And Denny, ha vine watched me for a few minutes, suddenly broke out into a peal of laughter. I stopped for an instant to glare reproof of hia ill-timed mirth and turned to niy wild search again. The search 6eemed useless. Either Mouraki had not received a letter from Mrs. Bennett Hipgrave or he had done what I myself always did with the good lady's communications — destroyed it immediately after reading it. I examined every scrap of paper, official docu ments, private notes (the captain was very nervous when I insisted on looking through these for a trace of Mrs. Hipgravft's name), lists of stores ; vi a word, the whole contents of Mouraki's dispatch-boxes. 'It's a blank !' I -cried, stopping back at last in disappointment. 'Yes, it's gone, but, depend upon it, he had it,' said Denny. A sudden recollection flashed across me— the remembrance of the subtle, amused smile with which Mouraki had spoken of the lady who was .most anxious about me, my future wife. He must have known then; he must even then have had Mra. Hipgrave-a letter in his posses jsion. - He had played a deliberate trick on me by suppressing the letter ; hence bis fury when I announced my intention of disregarding the ties that bound me— a fury that had for the moment conquered his cool cunning and led him into violent threats. At that moment — when I realised the man's audacious villainy, when I thought of the struggle he had caused to me and the pain to Phroso — well, just then, I came near to- caressing Demetri, and nearer still to grudging him hia exploit. ' What was in the letter, then?' I cried to Denny. — ' ' 'Read my letter again,' said he, and he threw it across to me, I read it again ; I was cooler now and the meaning of it stood out plain and not tobe doubted. Mrs. Bennett Hipgrave's letter — her wise letter— had broken off my engagement with her daughter. The fact was plain ; all that was missing, destroyed by the caution or the carelessness of Mouraki Pasha, were the reasons, and the reasons I could supply for myself. I reached my conclusion and looked again at Denny. 'Allow me to congratulate you,' said Denny ironically. Man is a curious creature. I may have made that reflection before. I offer no apology for that ; the more I boo of myself and of my friends the more convinced I grow of it. Here was the thing for which I had been hoping and praying — the one great thing that 1 asked of fate— the single boon which fortune enviously withheld. Here was freedom — divine freedom !? Yet what I actually said to Denny, in reply to hia felicitations, wa3 — ' Hang the girl ! She jilted me !' And I said it with considerable annoyance. The captain, who studied English in his spare moments, here interposed, asking suavely — 'Pray, my dear Lord Wheatley, what is the meaning of that word— jilted f ' ' ' The meaning o£ jilted .'' said Denny. ' ' He wants to know the raeaningof jilted, Charley.' I looked from one to tho other of them, then I said — ' ' I think I'll go and ask,' and I started for the door. The captain's expression accused me of rudeness, Denny caught me by the arm. 'It's not decent yet,' said he, with a twinklo in his eyes. 'I happened' nearly a mouth ago,' I pleaded. 'I've had time to get over it, Denny — a man can't wear the willow all hia life.' ^~ 'You old humbug,' said Denny, but he lot me go. , I was not long iu going. I darted down the stairs. I -suppose a man deceives himself and will fipd excuses for himself where others may only find matter for laughter ; but 1 remember congratulating myself on not having spoken the final words to Phroso before Denny inter rupted us. Well, I would speak them now— I was free to speck them now ; and suddenly in this thought the vexation of being jilted vanished. 'It amounts,' said I to myself as I reached the hall, ' to no more than a fortunate coinci dence of opinion.' And I passed through to the door and turned sharp round to the left. She was there waiting for me — and waiting eagerly, it seemed, for before I could speak she ran to me holding out her hands, and Jshe cried in a low urgent, whisper full of entreaty — 'My lord, I have thought — I have thought while you were in the house. You niutit not do this, my lord. Yes, I know— now I know — that you love me,, but you must not do this. My lord's honor must not be stained for ruy sake.' I could not resist it, aud I cannot justify it. I assumed a terribly sad expression. ' You have really come to that conclusion, Phroso?' I asked. 'Yes, ah, how difficult it is! But my lord's honor — ah, don't tempt me. You will t?,ke me to Athens, will you not ? And then ? ' 'And then,' said I, 'you'll leave me?:- ' Yes,' said Phroso, with a little catch in her voice. ' And what shall I do, left alone ?' 'Go buelc,' muriuurttJ Phroso almost in audibly. ' Gcj back — thinking of those wonderful eyes ?;l ' No — no— thinking of ? ' ' The lady who waits for me over the sea ?' 'Yes. And oh, my lord, I pray that you will find happiness.' There was a moment's silence ; Pliroso did not look at me ; but then I did not look at Phroso. ' Then you refuse, Phroso, to have anything to say to me f No answer at all reached me ; I came nearer, being afraid that I might not have heard her answer. 'And what am I to do for a w^fe, Phroso ?' I asked forlornly. 'For, Phroso. ? ' ' 'Ah, my lord, why do you take my hand again ??' 'Did I, Phroso? Because, Phroso, the lady wlio waits over the sea — it is a charmingly poetic phrase, upon my word !' T'You laugh!' murmured Phroso, in aggrieved protest and wonder. -i'Did I really laugh, PhroBO? Well, I am happy, so I may laugh.' v 'Happy?' she whispered ; and then at last her eyes were drawn to mine in mingled hope and anguish of questioning. ' The lady who waited over the sea,' said I, ' waits no longer, Pliroso.' The wonderful eyes grew more wonderful in their amazed widening ; and Phroso, laying a hand gently on my arm, said— 'She wait1} no longer! My lord, she is dead?' This confident inference was extremely flattering. There was evidently but one thing, tbat could end the patient waiting of the Iady who waited ! ' On the contrary, she thinks that I am. Constantine spread news of mv death.' 'Ah, yes!' 'He said that I died of fever.' ' And she believed it ?' 'She does, Phroso, and she appears to be really very sorry.' ' Ah, but what joy will bo hers wheu ehe learns ? ' ' But, Phroso, before she thought I was dead she had made up her mind to wait no longer.' ' To wait no longer ? What do you mean, my lord ? Ah, my lord, tell me what you mean?' ' ' Whathas happened tome here, in Neopatia, Phroso?' ' Many strange things, my lord— some most terrible.' 'And some most — most what, Phroao? One thing that has happened to mo has, I think, happened also to the lady who waited,' Phroso's hand— the one that I Jiad not taken —was suddenly stretched out and she spoke in a voice^hat sounded half stifled. ' Tell me, my lord. Tell me-, I cannot endure it.lonfer.' ? And then I grew grave and said — 'lam free. She ha3 given- me my fredom. ' ' She has set you free;41 'She loves me no longer, I suppose, if ever she did.' . ' Oh, but, my lord, it is imposeible?' ' Should you think it so ? Phroso, it is true — true that I can come to you no*.' She understood at last, aud for a moment) she was silent ; and I silent also, pierced' through the darkness to her wondering face. Once she stretched out her arms, then there came a little long low laugh, and she put her hands together and thrust them, thus clasped, between mine that closed on them. 'My lord, my lord, my lord,' said Phroso. Suddenly I heard a low mournful chant coming up from tho harbor, the moan of mournraf-- voices. The sound struck across (the stillness that had followed her last words. ' What is that V I asked. ' What are they doing down there V 'Did you not know? The bodies of my cousin and of Kortes came forth at sunset from the secret pool into which they fell, and they bring them now to bury them by the church. And they mourn Kortes because they loved him, and Constantine also they feign to mourn because he was of the house of the Stefanopouli.' We stood for some minutes listening to the chant that rose and fell and echoed among the hills. Its sad cadences mingled here and there with the note of sustained hope seemed a fitting end to the story— to the stormy days that were rounded off at last by peace and joy to us who lived and by the embraces of the all hiding, all pardoning earth for those who had fallen. I put my arm round Puroso, and thus at last together we listened till the sounds died away in low echoes and silence full again on. the island. 'Ah, the dear island,' said Phroso softly, ' You will not take mo. away from it forever? It is mv lord's island now, and it will be faith ful to him, even as I iKysolf ; for God has been very good, and my lord is very good.' I looked at her and her cheeks were again wet with tears ; and as I watched a drop fall from her eyes I'said to her softly — 'That shall be the last, Phroso, tDl we part again.' A loud cough from the front of the house in terrupted us ; I advanced, beckoning to Phroso to follow and wearing I am afraid the apolo getic look usual in such circumstances. And I found Denny and the captain. 'Are you coming down to the yacht, Chnrley ?' asked Denny. 'Er — in a few minutes, Deany.' ' Shall I wr.it for you ?' 'Oh, I think 1 can find my way.' Denny laughed and caught me by the hand ; ? then he passed on to Phroso. I do not, how ever, know what he said to her, for at thi3 rnmnL'nt the captain touched my shoulder and demanded my attention. 'I be* your pardon,' said he, 'but you never told me the meaning of that word.' ''What word, my de;ir captain ?' 'Why, the word you used of the lady's ]etter — of what she had done.' 'Oh, you mean 'jilted.'' 'Yos, that's it.' 'Ifcis,'E.aid I, after a rr.ornent's reflection, 'a word of very various meanings.' 'Ah !' said the captain, with a comprehend ing nod.'' ' Yes, very various. In one sense it means to make a man miserable.' ' Yes, I see— to make him unhappy.' 'And ia another to make him — to make him, captain, the luckiest beggar alive.' 'It is a strange word,' observed the cap tain meditatively. ''I don't know about that,' said I. ' Good night.' Chapter XXIX— Oxk More Run ! The next moraine: v.'as bright and beautiful, with a pleasant fresh liree/.e. It was just the day for a run in the yacht, so I thought when I came on deck at 8 o'clock in the morning. Watkins was there staring meditatively at the harbor and the sheet beyond. Perceiving me, he touched his hilt and observed — ' It's a qup.er little phicfi, ray lord.' My eyes followed the direction of Watkins' and I gave a slight sigh. -;Do you think the island is going to bo quiet now, Watkins ';' I asked. I do not think that he quite understood my question, for he said that the weather looked likfly to bo fine. I had not meant the wtather ; my sigh was rir.id to the ending of Neopatia's excitinsr caprices, for though tho end was prosperous I was a little sorry that we had come to the end. 'The Lady Phroso will come on lioard about 10 and we are going for a little run,' I said. 'Just look after some lunch.' ' Erery thing will be rendy for your lordship and her ladyship,' s:iiri Watkins. Hitherto he had been rather doubtful about Phroso's claim to nol)i!ity, but the. news of last night planted her firmly in the status of 'ladyship.' 'Has your lordship heard,' he continued, ' that the launch has returned from Rhodes? Thero she is by the gunboat.' ' Oh, yes, I see. They seem to be giving tha sruuijoat a rub down, Watkins.' 'Not before it was necessary, my lord. A dirtier deck I never saw.' The gunboat was evidently enjoying a thorough cleaning ; the sailors, half naked, were scouring her decks, and some of the soldiers were assisting lazily. 'The officers have lauded to explore the island, my lord. When Mouraki was alive they were not allowed to land at all.' 'Mouraki's death makes a good many dif ferences, eh, Watkins ':' ' That it does, my lord.' rejoined Watkins, with a decorous einile. ' I left him and, having landed, strolled up to the house. The yaoht was to have her steam up ready to start by the time that I returned. I strolled leisurely through the street, such of the islanders as I met saluting me n a most friendly fashion. Times were certainly changed for mo in Neopatia, and I chid myself for the ingratitude expressed in ' my sigh. Neopatia iu its new placidity was very pleasant. Very pleasant ako was Phroso as she came to meet me from the house, radiant and shy. We wasted no time there, but at once returned to the harbor, for the dancing water tempted us ; thus we found ourselves on board an hour before the appointed time, and I took Phroso down below to show her the cabin in. which, under the escort of Kortes's sister, she was to make the voyage to Rhodes. Denny looked in on ub for a moment, announced that the fires wete getting up and that we could start iq half an hour; Hogvardt appeared With his «^count of expenditure -and disappeared far .iriore quickly. Meanwhile we talked as lovers will and ought about things that do not need record : for not being worth remembering they are ever remembered, as is the way of this ? perverse world. . t Presently, however, Danny hailed me, tell ing me that the captain desired to see me. I : told Phroso to stay where she was— I should be back in a moment and went on deck. I he captain was there and he began 10 draw me aside. Perceiving that lie had ? something to Bay I proposed to him that we should go to the little smoking-room forward. He acquiesced and as soon as wo were seated and Watkins had brought coffee and cigarettes^ he turned to me with an aspect of sincere gratification as he said— ' My dear LOrd Wheatley, I am rejoiced to tell you that I was quite right as to tlje view likely to be taken of your position. I have received by the launch instructions telegraphed to Rhodes, and they enable me to set you free at once. In point cf fact there is no dispo sition in official quarters to make any trouble concerning your share in recent events. You are therefore at liberty to suit your own con venience entirely and I need not detain you an hour.' 'My dear captain, I am infinitely obliged to you. I am much indebted for your good offices.' 'Indeed .no. I merely reported what had Occurred. Shall you leave to-day ':' 'Oh, no, not for' a day or. two. To-day, you soej I'm going for a Jittle pleasure expedi tion, I wish you'd join-us.' For I felt in a most friendly mood towards him. ' Indeed 1 wish I could,' said lie with equal friendliness. ' But I am obliged to go up to the house at once.' ' To the house ? What for?' 'To communicate to the Lady Kuphrosyne iny intentions concerning bur.' I was about to put a cigarette to my lips, but I stopped, suspending it in mid-air. 'I beg your pardon,' .said I, 'but have you instructions concerning her i' He smiled and laid a hand on my arm with an apologetic air. 'I do not think that there is any cause for eerious vmeaKiness,'' said he, 'though the delay will, 1 fear, be somewhat irksome to you. I must say, also, that it is impossible— yes, I , admit that it is impossible— altogether to ignore the 6erious disturbances which have Occurred. And these Noop.itians are old offenders. Still, 1 am confident that the lady will be most leniently treated, especially in view of the relation in which she now stands to you.' 'What are your instructions?'' I asked shortly. 'lam instructed to bring: her with me as Boon as I have made provisional iirranjromenta for the order ol the island and to carry her to Smyrna, where I am ordered to sail. Kruin there she will be sent home to await the result of an euquiry. But pray do not be uneasy. I have no doubt at all that she will be acquitted of blame, or at. 'east escape with a reprimand or a nominal penalty. The delay is really the only annoying matter— annoying to you, 1 mean, Lord Wheatley.' 'The delay ? If. it. likely to be serious Y' 'Wi'H,' admitted the captain with a candid air, ' we do not move hastily in thi-se matters — no, cur procedure is not rapid. Still I should say that a year— or, well, perhaps 18 months — would see an end of it. Oh, yes, I really think so.' 'Eighteen months!' I cried aghast. 'But she'll bs my wife long before that— in eighteen days, I hope.' ' 'Oh, no, Tio, my dear lord,' said he, shaking his head soothingly 'She certainly wili not be allowed to marry you until these matters are settled. But do not be vexed. You are young ; you can afford to wait. What, after all, is a year or IS months at your time of life?' 'It's a great deal worse,' said I, 'than at any other time of life ;' but he merely laughed gently and pulped down the remainder of his coffee. Then he went on in his quiet, placid way. ----- 'So I'm afraid I can't join your little ex cursion. I must go up to the' house at once and acquaint the lady with my instructions. She may have some preparations to make and I must take her to Rhodes the day after to morrow. As you see, my ship is uudergoing eome trifling repairs and cleaning, and 1 can't be ready to start before then.' _ I sat sileut for a moment or two smoking my cigarette and I looked at the placid captain out of the corner of my ey«. 'I really hope you are not much annoved my dear Lord Wheatley?' said he after a moment or two. ' Oli, its vexatious, of course,' I returned carelessly, 'but I suppose there's no help for it. But, captain, I don't see wh v you shouldn't join us to-day. We shall bo back in the after noon and it will be plenty of time then to in form the Lady Phroso. She's not a fashion able woman who wauts forty-eight hours to pack her gowns.' 'It is certainly a lovely morning for a little cruise,' eaid the captain longingly. 'And I want to point out to you the exact Bpot where Denictri killed the Pasha.' ' That would certainly be very interesting.' ' Then you'll come '!' - 'You are certain to be back in time for? — ' 'Oh, you'll have plenty of time to talk to Phroso. I'll see to that. You can send a message to her now, if you like.' ' I don't think that's necessary. If I eee her this afternoon ? ' ? 'I promise you that you shall.' ' But aren't you going to see her to-day ? I thought you would spend the day with her.' ' Oh, I shall hope to see her also ; you won't tnonopolise her, you know. Just now I'm for a cruise.'' ' You're a philosophical lover,' he laughed, | and I laughed also, shrugging my shoulders. 'Then if you'll excuse me— no, don't move, don't move— I'll give orders for our start, and comeback for another cigarette with you.' 'You are most obliging,' said he, and sank back on the seat that ran round the little saloon. [To be continued.) 