THE MERCURY. HOBART. FRIDAY, JULY 10, 1896. EPITOME OF NEWS. Heavy snow storm at Zeehan. George Horsley arrested on a charge of murder of his wife in Derby district. Final acceptances for V.R 0. Grand National appear in sporting column. Tenders called by Public Works Department for road contracts, closing on 22nd and 29th inst. Tasmanian Agent-General ill and incapacitated for business. Victorian budget speech about 28th or 29th inst. No new taxation intended. Second reading of Federal Enabling Bill carried in Queensland Assembly. R.M S Australia arrived at Albany at 1 p.m. yesterday. Three thousand houses destroyed by floods in Japan. Thirty-one miles per hour covered by Linton the cyclist. African chiefs oppose the entrance of the Russian Red Cross expedition into Shoa. Pacific Gable Conference adjourned until October. Silverites" at Chicago overwhelming gold currency delegates. Oolonel¡Pluroer and his men had a desperate engagement with the Matabele. The rebels, armed with rifles, fought like devils. Motion before South Australian Assembly to reduce number of members by one- third, and thus save £10,000 per annum. British Government said to have obtained important foothold at Delagoa Bay, East Coast of Africa Louis Charles Lefevre, of Melbourne, found not guilty of forging a deed, but jury could not agree as to charge of uttering the same. Newcastle colliery owners have issued an ultimatum from which they declare there will be no swerving. In Kilpatrick v. Huddart, Parker & Co. leave has been given defendants to appeal to Privy Council against award of £791 to Mrs. Kilpatrick for the drowning of her husband. In the House of Assembly yesterday. The PREMIER told Dr. CROWTHER that the " ghost " was a matter for the Hobart Territorial police force, and Mr. J. G. DAVIES, as an alderman of the city, said the Corporation were already dealing with it The PREMIER also made a statement in reference to the resignation of the Agent General, Sir Robert Herbert, and the assistance which Sir Andrew Clarke was willing to give in carrying on the duties of the office. A petition was presented from Campbell Town praying for more equitable franchise for the municipalities. The SPEAKER announced the presentation of the Address-in-Reply to the Governor, and His Excellency's reply.,; Supply was formally constituted, and a number of documents, including estimates and supplementary estimates for 1894, 5, li, and 7, received by message from the Governor, were referred to the committee. The TREASURER than delivered his financial statement for the year, occupying nearly an hour and a half in his task, and being listened to with great attention throughout it, the interruptions being few and far between. An item was then formally agreed to in Committee of Supply, Fourteen days'' leave of absence was granted to the hon. member for Westbury (Mr. RKlBEVJon the ground of illness. A number of bills were introduced, and advanced a stage formally, to enable them to be distributed to members. The House adjourned at 9.25 p.m. till 7.30 o'clock on Tuesday next. For some years we have had annually to put the best face we could on an unpleasant financial position, but this year we are happy in the fact that no apologies are required, for we have at last to deal with a surplus instead of a deficiency. It may, perhaps, be as well to remind our readers, however, that the surplus has not been obtained without tribulation and sacrifice, and that it is due to saving as well as to a return of prosperity. Our financial position can hardly be said to be a good one so long as we have to pay what may be fairly called an abnormal Income Tax, in which, moreover, we are not promised any reduction for some years to come. Still, in spite of the drawbacks to our felicity, we may be happy in the knowledge of the fact that no new, or rather no additional taxes are to be proposed, and that there is held to be a prospect of the steady extinction of our deficiency. That deficiency at the beginning of 1895 was £455,127, but it was reduced at the end of the year to £442,103. At the end of the present year the TREASURER holds that he has good reason to believe that it will be £416,968, whilst at the end of 1897 it is to sink to £382,220. Obviously, if the reduction is to go on at this rate, many years will elapse before the severe burden of the Income Tax will be lightened to any useful extent, but we may hope, judg- ing by the signs, that the process of reduction will be accelerated, and that the deficit will soon be " concerning to a close." But, as the TREASURER made tolerably plain last night, we shall have to persevere in the policy of retrenchment, in spite of many temptations, potent as those which once troubled ST. ANTHONY and caused him to " boggle" his eyes, for the deficit must be wiped out. We may have assurance of this from the estimate of expenditure for the coming year, which is £751,862, as compared with that of 1895, which was £748,946, and the estimate for the present year, namely, £743,655, the whole of which, however, may not be incurred. Our hopes are founded in the fact that the re-estimate of the revenue for the present year, now published, is higher, somewhat, than the original estimate made in the Financial Statement last year, nor should we be surprised to find that even this latter estimate is somewhat exceeded. The following Explanatory Table will afford at a glance the information required as to the actual financial position, and the prospects of the year to come : Commenced with a deficiency of Revenue, actual ., Expenditure, do. .. Surplus for year 1893 . £ s. d. Rovenao-Orlgl nally estimated at ..710,210 0 0 Now re- estimated at Kxpondlture Originally estimated at .712,017 0 8 Voted by Parliament at .. Estimated surplus for year 1896 Estimated total deal ciency to one of ISM.. 1897. Revenue estimated.. Expenditure estimated Estimated total deficiency to end of 1837 ss. d. 455,127 17 1 £110,908 2 S A comparison of the revenue, actual and estimated, of the past, present, and Coming years may enable us to form a fair opinion as to our prospects. The signs warrant all that the TREASURER said last night, and naturally make him conclude that he was not too poetical last year, but we think that the opinion that we then expressed was warranted by the circumstances at the time. We now perceive more decided signs of the turn of the tide. Customs last year yielded £304,304, but this year the ; revenue from that source is estimated at £323,000, and for 1897 at £335,000. Of this we may be sure, that if the mines develop as we expect they will, the Customs revenue for 1897 will be larger than the TREASURER'S estimate, for we hold that the mineral wonders of this colony have been but scratched as yet. Let the Government make the country pervious with some of the money it admits that it has in store, and the deficiency will become a vanishing quantity. A detailed examination of the Customs returns shows that the increases have been in articles which indicate an increase of comfort, albeit we find them in spirits, tobacco and cigars, as well as in clothes and many other less objectionable articles to the teetotal mind. The TREASURER, evidently does not hope much from the Income Tax, though he is still haunted with the phantom of bad debts, but he looks for an increase in the beer duty, which means an increase in general prosperity. Not a great deal appears to be expected of the railways, though we have a hint of record breaking, for the estimate of revenue shows an actual decrease on this year, and by no means a large increase on next. The territorial revenue, besides the Customs, may be said to be the main way, for the rents from mining leases are estimated to bring in a substantial sum during this and next year. The Post Office and Telegraphs figure well in the details of Inland Revenue, which means, of course, that business is to keep on its prosperous way through years to come, which it will, with accelerated pace, if only mining shall continue to develop in accordance with the expectations now so confidently expressed, and which we think do not betray too sanguine an estimate of the signs. The following shows the comparative revenue from various sources for three years, thus including the past, present and future : his a Customs Bond Rents and charges Excise Boer Duty Land Tax Income Tax .. Companies Tax under Real and Personal Estates Duties Act.. Inland Revenue Territorial Revenue Tasmanian Railways Contributions from Home Government Ditto from other Governments account of Postal Service Interest on Public Accounts, etc.. Miscellaneous to compete Stock Act Receipts.. E s.d. 304,30112 1,98114 1 18,38918 10 49,883 2 2 40,528 8 8 2,286 9 7 112,293 " 58,097 152,71719 2 169 0 6 12,61111 111 2,300 125,290 G1.G50 152.000 £ 335,000 1,000 18,500 39,400 35,000 2,300 130,610 59,650 157,000 5,000 1,400 701,970 18 9' 708,790 I 78(1.010 THE TREASURER is to be congratulated on having made last night a very lucid, well-written Financial State- ment, which put his case in plain and effective language. The contrast in style with the Statement last year was so marked that it attracted general notice, and it is pleasant to find that a document will go forth to the world about which no compunctions for our taste and literary intelligence need be felt. And the matter, on the whole, was as good as the manner. The TREASURER had, of course, a pleasant tale to tell, for he is able to say that his forecasts have proved correct, and to congratulate the colony on the evidences of a return to a much better state of affairs than has prevailed for some years. We readily grant to the TREASURER all the praise which he seems to think is his due, but we may, perhaps, not unfairly, remind him that he, like most Ministers, takes praise for what hardly belongs to him. The prosperity due to the rise in the price of wool was foreseen, it was not difficult last year to predict the development of mining, but we must decline to believe that the TREASURER foresaw the drought in New South Wales, which has given so good a market to the farmers of the North- west Coast, and done so much to swell the volume of the trade of its ports. And it may be well, also, to remind farmers themselves that they cannot fairly count on a succession of years like the last, though we have no doubt that a considerable trade with New South Wales will be developed. Farmers and others will do well to adapt their products to the needs of those whom they wish to be their customers, a piece of advice which seems to be very much required. These considera- tions are all we have to say as a drawback to the very rosy picture which the TREASURER painted, and which, on the whole, was not, perhaps, too highly coloured. For, after all, we have to remember that the best that can be said is, that we escape new taxation. No relief is proposed. No hope is held out that the Income Tax will be reduced for years, or that it will be repealed at all. The 2,445 persons who find £29,000 a year will have to find it still, and for how long no one is able to say. The TREASURER passed over these things in a light and airy fashion, but they remain, and are likely to remain very unpleasant facts, indeed. That the Income Tax is to be permanent is shown by the fact that the announcement has been made that Ministers noun to force on as best they can their unimproved value scheme of taxation. They profess to see a great deal in it, which we cannot discover in any colony where it has been adopted, but one fact is certain-a fact which we pointed out when it was first mooted, now many years ago that it must be accompanied by an Income TAX. Now, as the TREASURER is compelled to admit that a large number of persons evade the Income Tax, the question has to be asked whether we shall really ever get a fair system of taxation under the proposals of the Ministry ? As an emergency tax, necessary to save the credit of the colony, people have submitted, but will they be so easy under a perpetual tax which is largely evaded The TREASURER, seeing this, seems to hanker after the trade and profession licenses which were fairly argued out of court some years ago, and which would prove most unfair, unequal, and ridiculous. The country is, however, to be asked to go over this subject of unimproved value once again, and in doing so it will do well to hear in a mind that the Income Tax is to keep it company. This will not, of course, affect the large majority of persons who do not pay Income Tax, but those who do may well claim that there shall be a fair adjustment of burdens all round. The TREASURER tells us that the non- players of Income Tax consume dutiable goods, but the people who pay, and pay heavily, do the same, and are, in fact, the largest consumers, because many of them are employers who have to find food for their workmen, i As we hinted a few days ago, the cat which came out of the TREASURER'S bug has a very long tail, in fact, it has a most remarkable tail. The TREASURER is ambitious of inducing all the colonies to unite to form a sort of financial Fedeiatiou, byagreeiug'to put all their debts under one management in London. No doubt, by this method much expense would be saved, but we are afraid that the colonies will not, for many reasons, be able to agree, though it is well that they should be got to consult about it. The next step will be, if the thing can be done, to consolidate the whole Debts of the colonies, and convert the stock now issued into 3 per cent. or 2½ percent, debentures. It is believed that this can be done and a great saving effected, to prove which the Statistician has prepared a large number of tables, which set forth various schemes of conversion. The TREASURER goes so far as to think that if the colonies cannot be induced to act together Tasmania can act by herself, and so greatly reduce the interest which she now has to pay. The figures adduced, we confess, do not seem to us to bear out the conclusion, unless the holders of our stock are much more innocent than we take them to be. Nothing can be clearer than if we are to pay less interest somebody must receive less, and the question arises will they take less ? There seems to be a belief that they will be glad to make the exchange proposed, even without the bonus of 4, percent, proposed to be given, but we think that the whole trouble lies here, and that this first step will be found to be the difficulty. They may be offered debentures at a longer term, or even interminable ones. but will this induce them to forego a part of their present income? We incline to the opinion, judging by what has been attempted elsewhere, that the operation will be found to be an impossible one. If the colonies would unite financially and for defence, complete Federation would be near at mud but we fear that they will not come together. However, the TREASURER has appealed to them, and the experiment which he is about to try will be valuable, as showing to what extent the true federal spirit exists amongst the politicians. The matter of public works is left somewhat obscure, but there will be a general agreement of the policy of not incurring further debt. The latest idea is, that balances, receipts from Crown lands, and the £200,000 for the Ulverstone railway shall be used as required, but be used with great caution, to which we do not see that there can be very much objection. English investors do not care much how we spend the money that we borrow as they do not look to the works but to the colony as their security. Now, it is more than probable that judicious expenditure at the present time in order to open up the country will bring in a very large return. On all ! sides in the mineral districts we hear of investment stopped and " good shows " idle, solely because the means of cheap transit do not exist. If this 1 is supplied with due care and caution, whole districts may be set going, and the reward will come in many ways, both in the increased output of ore, and an early return to that better Customs revenue to which the TREASURER referred as one thing to enable us to wipe out the deficiency. On the whole, the statement made last night will be found to be satisfactory, because it indicates a policy which will keep down our expenditure, whilst all will be done that our circumstances can be fairly said to warrant. THE Treasurer's homily upon the interesting subject of the Income Tax, for which in one part of his statement he asks " a little patience, is worth noting. The yield is still regarded as unsatisfactory, and not up to expectations, book debts of former years having in 1895, as in 1894, done duty in narrow- ing, at least partially, incomes admitted. Ministers, _ however, still think the amount to be relied upon is £35,000, towards which sum the Amending Act of last year and the surer ground upon which the Commissioner is getting will in a great measure contribute. So far, out of a population of over 100,000 only 2,399 persons were assessed for Income Tax in 1894, and 2,446 in 1895, while the amount assessed fell from £728,627 in 1894 to £713,723 in 1895, and the yield of the tax in 1894 and 1895 was respectively £31,058 and £29,934, just the opposite to what one would expect. Of 200 professional men in the colony only 120 are assessed, of whom 50 are clergy- men, a very curious result indeed, showing insufficient treatment in a, large number of the rest, and render- ing a searching inquiry desirable if everyone is to be treated on the same fair basis. Sir Philip Fysh suggests that a license to brokers would not only bring in revenue, but " purify the ranks of a responsible class," and extended to clergy, doctors, lawyers, commission agents, sharebrokers, civil engineers, and architects, would be more far-reaching among the 718 persons which the census returns record as following these professions Sits Philip would find some difficulty in getting Parliament to assent to such a proposal as this, but not, perhaps, to such a further amendment of the income Tax Act as would result in its more far-reaching" operation where it ought to be felt. Sir Philip pro- fesses to look upon the Income Tax "us the only alternative for overtaking an increasing deficiency in the revenue, which Parliament was forced to adopt or repudiate its liabilities ; but if it is to continue, justice requires that the. Land Tax which accompanies it should be levied upon the unimproved value of the land." If Parliament again.. takes umbrage at the Government hobby, will the Treasurer, for conscience sake, take off the Income Tax of PoiiLtc WeeKs works of construction for keeping up with the natural expansion of the colony, and works of recuperation to prevent money already expended becoming so much waited capital are, after all, to receive consideration at the hands of Ministers during the present your. In addition to the unexpended balances, which have been so wisely husbanded with care of late, and money available from the Crown Lands Fund, the proportion of purchase money set aside by law for such purposes, Ministers intend to operate immediately, but cautiously, upon the £200,000 set aside for the extension of the Ulverstone Railway, a resolve which should meet with very general and hearty approval throughout the colony, even in the district which may consider itself most disadvantageous affected by such an appropriation. For Ministers _ pledge themselves once more and in this, too, they will no doubt receive the hearty assent of Parliament, as well as of public opinion-to strictly regard the sum of £200,000 as still available for the line to Emu Bay when occasion is ripe for the work to be proceeded with, which should be ample guarantee to the people of the North-West Coast, who otherwise might object to the diversion of the vote, that faith is to be kept with them to the very letter, as well as in the spirit. With every district in the colony crying out for aid to enable residents to traverse the country and carry its produce through it, nothing but folly can dictate any further preservation of this nest-egg in its present inactive and useless retirement, and the sum so gained will enable the Government to meet present urgent requirements in a way which the necessities of the people distinctly call for. The announcement, which, like the postscript to the proverbial lady's letter, is to be found in the last few paragraphs of the Treasurer's statement, will make it all the more imperative that the Minister in charge of the Works Department should take Parliament into his confi- dence! as to his programme for the year, and that, too, without delay. If it was thought necessary for him to do so when it was believed he had only his unexpended balances and the Waste Lands Fund to operate on how much more desirable is it now that he is so placed if not exactly in the lap of luxury, at any rate in a position to do much to satisfy the cravings of the people, and it is to be hoped Ministers will see the advisableness of his taking some such step within the next few days. Parliament will hardly give them a free hand with that £200,000. Members will want to have some very plain idea of what they are going to do with it, or they will be very wanting in their duty to their constituents. THE first of the many bombshells which have yet to be fired into the Attorney- General's Electoral Scheme was shot forth by Mr. Urquhart in his speech on the Address-in-Reply in the criticism by which he showed that the Minister has taken a wrong population basis in dealing with the district of Montagu, and, in fact, with the mining population of the West Coast as a whole. Mr. Clark has set down Montagu as having a population altogether of 4,000, and upon that estimate he proposes to meet its claims to representation, whereas, as Mr. Urquhart argues, Zeehan itself now supports at least 5,000 souls, and is still growing daily in numbers, while there are, in addition, Strahan, Queenstown, Gormanston, Dundas, and other centres to be taken into account, as well as the large floating population spread throughout the district northward. This large constituency is, as Mr. Urquhart further points out, being daily swelled by the addition of the wives and families of the men who have gone there in the first instance by themselves, but who are now gather- ing their belongings around them, the swelling of the West Coast population in this fashion having the effect also of reducing the total in other parts of the country. The scheme which Mr. Clark has promulgated is, therefore, so far as Montagu is concerned, entirely wrong. It starts from a fallacy, and so, of course, its superstructure is just as delusive, and in fact Montagu, instead of being on its knees as a sup- plant for the continuance of its solitary representative, should be in possession of two, members in the Assembly and one in the Council specially entrusted with the care of its interests. Mr. Clark's impromptu reply, in the midst of Mr. Urquhart's speech, seemed to be that his plans could be altered, but if so what is the good of them, and where is the justification for the expense incurred in putting them forward in such costly map form 1 Mr: Clark's fancy legislation of the past, and his attempts at more of it, which have miscarried, had more than one caustic dip; in the debates of both Chambers on the Address-in-Reply, and the way he has dealt with Montagu certainly seems a decidedly weak point in his new electoral armour. The certain growth of the West Coast population should lead Ministers rather to legislate in advance of events, than to so ignore patent facts as to lag behind them. THIS WEEK'S '. MAIL" ILLUSTRATIONS - The illustrations in this week's hume of Vie Tasmanian Mail include a series of views taken during his recent visit to BSS Straits by the Bishop of Tasmania, illustrate in the mutton bird industry, and the improving condition of the half-caste children on the islands. His Lordship, Dr. Moot, joinery, UBud a camera and plates prepared for him by Mr. J. W. Beattie, of Elizabeth street, Hobart, who IIIBO did the process of development after the Bishop's retUrn. A view by Mr. Anderson, a local photographer, of the township of Penghana, on the West Coast, gives an idea of the advance which the great Tasmanian mining district is makins, while a trio of portraits of leading public men in Queensland are illustrative of political events in Sugaropolis. A good portrait is given of the Merino ram President, which was sold by the Hon. James Gibson, VILE for the mere price of l 60gns. in Sydney this week, with views of a new parsonage at Macquarie Plains, of which Mr. Alan Walker is the architect, the drawing being also his, and of St. Stephen's Church, Sandy (Bay, a small but ornate cccl<-siasiio«l building which has risen phoenix-like through Anglican liberality on he ashes "of the old Red Chapel. The latter is from a photograph by Mr. W. K. Morris, of Arthur-street, Hobart. RESIGNATION OF THE AGENT-GENERAL - We learn with regret that the Ministry a j short time ago received a cablegram from Sir Robert Herbert, Agent-General for the colony, stating that, owing to ill-health, he was compelled to resign his position. He suggested that Sir Andrew Clarke should fulfil the duties of the office until a successor was appointed, which suggestion has been adopted For some reason, Ministers did not disclose this change until last night, but we are able to say that the question of a successor to Sir Robert Herbert has not yet been before the Cab net, and there is a hope that Sir Robert Herbert may be ohio to I'tooi upy his position. THE HIMALAYA RiurooMif.i CASES-The Premier has arrived a communication furn, Oio Agent-General (Sir Robert Herbert in Admitting that the Peninsular and Oriental Co were taking severe action with regard to the handrailing by quartermasters and oTher son the R.M,>. himalaya when she was in Hobart recently. The i tenders were only permit ted by the Customs authorities to leave Hobart with the vessel on the arrange of the commander' that they would be amused by the company and the Agent General now nine". hat the company recognises in the offences flagrant breaches of their roles, and the men will probably be dismissed Oust FINANCES. The statement of the Treasurer to Parliament in regard to the finances of the colony, its revenue and its expenditure, covers a period of three years, and in each case is of a character to justify his Georgian. rations for the past and expectations for the future. The revenue for 1895 reached the sum of £701,070, while the expenditure was £748,946, an actual surplus of £13,024. In 1890 the revenue is estimated, on the basis of five months'uciiinl experience, and reasonable spee mi ss for him just of the year, to reach t70S,70O, while the expend!, are vulgar, and which will not be exceeded, is only £743,055, an estimated surplus. on the year, therefore, it £125,135, which will, it is lightly, be swelled by muller savings, Believing that there «uthilaoloiy results will be repeated in 1897, the revenue for last year is osttrmite-d a yield £780,010, within is intended to keep the expenditure within £751,81)2. u ooutenipUtid surplus of nearly £35 10s, being a trio of by a neck on a right side of the lodger for three consecutive years. If Customs and of hot hearts of normal revenue go ahead us they are in a d to do, the general result will be even here r' than thus set down, bringing the in play surplus up to something like £80,000, "r even ever, which will be ground in the colony believing it ban at last reached final and salvation. Castelnau OF BUTTER TO LONDON-The Premier (birEdwaid rail n) h received a letter from Messrs. Dalgety unit do. Limited, of Bourke street", Melbourne, under date 9th inst., in sueing him that they, tug. Hero with Messrs. Julia f anderson and Co., the agents for the Land Has of steamers, have secured the Victorian love union contractor the carriage of butter and perth Mile goods to the London market, mm alter- ing their services in the transhipment from Melbourne, and is unspent in London under their direct cup revision of all consignments of Tasmanian butter shipped mother dear care. The freight from Melbourne to London would bag 3. per lb., and that selling arranger, including brokerage e, delivery, 4 per cent., while the charges would actually be cash out of. pocket. the insurance from Melbourne would be he. d'. per £100, and they understood that item i'aBina'uia to Melbourne it was 2s. 6d. per cent. They were prepared to make liberal Cash Advances on uri is as if goods in Melbourne and for the satisfaction of efforts, to furnish London nououulaalts and brokers' seen notes. The matter is under consideration. TASMANIAN ïinuorsniKK Barnabas' FLOCK Board-The Tasmanian Shropshire Breeders' Association have just issued the first volume of their " Flock Book.'' nunilsiiiiirly hound, and splendidly painted or enamelled paper. The work of compilation has been carefully done by Mr. J. C. Penny, of the S'o, k Department, who is the association's MC's Jury and treasurer, uBoibtcu by Mr. F. W. J. Moore, who supplies a lengthy chapter in the history and development of Shropshire sheep, and their iutrodeutitn into Tasmania. Particulars are given of the enterprise, skill, judgment, and success of the lean inn breeders in this colony, and which duty, as years roll by, will become iiiurr-asiupjy you able as a reference and a record, A tabulated stattmcutshotvH the potatoes excellence for pure bred Shropshire of sheep. Theatres and pedigrees are that out in a vary t open to form in the registry, whilst an index of breeders, British, Tasmanian, and Au birthday (with their aduri'Ssen), whose ruined ma mentioned throughout the "Tasrnaniirj Flook Hook," will prove very useful. There is a chapter on suckers up to date with the Shops. at the Southern Tasmanian. A & 1'. Society's he ws, and a chapter on the advantages attending crosses from (the breed, The full text of the memorandum and articles of association and qualifying rules is given. Very Interesting particulars are supplied concerning Mr. T. J Buibuty'« career as a ¡shropshire-breedcrac Park Faint since 1878; Mr. R. a. Sicolo'u successes at Studley Park, and those of the conjoint firm of Burbury, Steele & Lester. Mr. K. O. Korinódo commenced hit in one Vale flock in 1892 by import stallions from England of two pure -Shropshire rams and five pure Shropshire ewes. Those gave so much satisfaction that another lot was imported last year. He Iii do that these sheep are, in addition to their other good qualities, extremely profitable for cross-breeding, the lambs smug symmetrical and mature only for sale, 'The members of the assessments at present are Messrs. Harold Bisdee, 0. Burbury, F. Burbury, T. J. Burbury, J. G. Campbell, 0. Ki ton, Henry Foster, A. Headlam, R. C. Kermode, W. M. Lester, Tom Mason, Walter Match, T, li. Mahon, James Murdoch, Geo. E, Piesse, H. L Roberts, R. S. Steele, Geo, Siniiiinni, Samuel Pollard, and K It Williams. The work was printed in The Mercury office. STATE SCHOOL, TBAUHHHS.-The quarterly general meeting of the Tasmanian State School' Teachers' Association was held at Deloraine on Saturday, 4th inst. There was not a large attendance, which was much regretted, considering the important bran , session the programme, viz , the ooiifiittra- tion of the new code of rules for the conduct of the association. Much sympathy was expressed for the worthy president of the atheists- n in his painful accident. In his absence Mr. Low was voted to the chair, The teachers present went carefully through the new rules seriatim, making mine material additions and a few alterations. i Little other business was transacted, and the meeting ended with wishes for a large r iiileuJai.ee next time, I WOMEN S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE UNION. a public meeting in connection with the crusade week now being held by this society was held in the Temperance-hall yesterday afternoon, Mrs. Lodge, the local president, occupied the thousand in her opening remarks stated that the crusade meetings were being held simultaneously all over the clouds. She hoped that the united work of s> If denial and prayer would he the meats of strengthening the temper enclosure. Mrs. W. K, Morris stated that he felt more at home in canvassing for signatures to petitions, etc, than in adieu to an audience from a public platform, Site learned some lines composed by the Ouch st nr Kent, in which she says that if every our; laid him or herself out to do some work, however small, England would again become, as in days of old, " Merrie England," and urged (everyone to act on the same lines in regard to the temperance movement. She was pleased to see mr gracious Queen i., d suWcribed £200 towards a temperance artillery in England. M's. Morton expressed her sympathy with the work of the Union, but believed thus if the W.C.T.U. concert Irnted IIB energies to the advancement of some feature of their work more dium of results would be attained than would be by undertaking so manybrunuheuof work. Mrs. OvcrellMild she thought the week was well named a crusade week, as they are engaged in a Christian warfare, and believed that only Christian conversion would enable one dominated by intemperance to lead a new life. Miss Lodgo(aecrttary)atatud that the petitions in favour of woman suffrage had been sent to Parliament hearing over 2,000 signatures. Mrs. Wilkins presided at the piano. A prayer meeting in the Temperance hall on Sunday afternoon will close true crusade week. ST. GEORGE'S BAND OF HOPE-On enter Uinment was given in H. George's school- room last evening by members of the Band of Hope, assisted by lads from the Boys' Home. There was a crowded attendance, and Canon Banks Smith, president, press' ed. There were present Rev. R. Dixon, Messrs. A. Eckford. 1 tips. Westbrook, and others. The entertainment was a performance of the "Children in the Woods. The Paris us characters were well sustained by the juveniles, and evoked loud and hearty up plumes. During intervals the boys from the Homosangchorusei.andjwere also warmly applauded, and in one item they rendered were encored. Canon Banks Smith', in a short address, said how pleased he was to see huon a large get her inn and the successful way the performance had been given. He also referred to the admirable way in which the boys from the Home had rendered their items. At the close Mr. Thoa.'Wiatbinok proposed a cordial vote of thanks to Mrs. VVunlloy, secretary, Miss Williams, musical conductor, and all who had taken part in the entertainment, and said he was more than pleased at the very able way the p n. gramme had been carried out. He also in fun ed to the boys from the Home, and 'thanked Mrs. and Miss Shipley for their attendance. The vote of thanks was an d amidst loud Opp same. Thirteen boys from the Hume signed the pledge before leaving, and the singing of the National Anthem 1 brought a very pleasant evening to a close. HOBART TABERNACLE. Last evening, at the Hobart Tabernacle, a social and sale of work was held in celebration of the first aniversary of the Women's Guild. The Rev. R. A. Thompson presided, and the Proceedings passed off successfully. The secretary (Mrs. Overell) read her report. and the treasurer (Miss Brown) submitted the balance sheet, which showed the cash in hand to be £2 12s. A musical programme was rendered at intervals, Miss Hawkins presiding at the organ. 