THE FIFTH ANNUAL CONVEN TION OF THE BROTHERHOOD OF ST. ANDREW. CONTRIBUTED! THE Convention-has passed and gone, said by many to havo been the moat spiritual ever enjoyed by the Brotherhood in Australasia. Saorifico for Christ naturally was required both in the matter o£ time and money, consequently only thoso who were deeply in earnest were presont, thoso anxious to learn how to bo more usod in the scrvico of Him whoso name tlioy bear; under suoh ciroumstancos, it is but natural' to iiud tho promise of Christ ful filled beyond all expectations. " Blessed nro they which do hunger and thirst aftor righteoiiBness for they shall bo fillod." It was very noticeable that the people that recoivcd tho greatest blessing wero those that attended all tho meotings. In fact tho Holy Spirit was mighthily present beforo tho Convention proper began. Some of the main points brought beforo the Convention were that the man qualified for service was the man baptisod by the filling of the Holy Spirit. That thoro is nearly as much difference visible between tho Christian and tho Spirit-filled man,, as there is between the converted and the unconverted man. That the model Brotherhood rann will bo fully consecrated. That tho model Brothei hood man must bo theSpirit filled man. The meetings wero all so' beautiful. It seems difficult to Bpcak about them without leaving out so much. Some 0110 asks, was thero muoh enthusiasm ? My answer is, yes there was a great deal. People are enthusiastic about " tho bull," about "lawn tennis." Surely thero must bo something very wrong with the Christian if ho is not'enthusiastic over such an one as the spotless, perfect Christ. An informal meeting was held in Victoria-street on Saturday, when about twenty to twenty-five wore present. An hour seemed to fly awny like ten minutes, whilst pleading for cleansing and tho presence of tho Holy Ghca'. Tho meeting waH full of a quiet stillness, and peace, and all seemed from that time that the Convention was to bo a deeply spivitual one. ' On Sunday, a number of Brothers held ft little service at Glenquarry, followed up by an after meeting, in which some rose in confessing Christ as n personal Saviour. In tho afternoon many walked up to tho top of Oxley's Hill, and there enjoying tho beautiful view and pleasant breeze. A quarter of an hour was spent in hymns and'prayer, whilst ono brother from Balmain raid a few refreshing wor Is. This time will bo ono remembered by many ti3 one of the sweets of iho Convention. Great things are said about another informal meeting iu Bong Bong-street aftor Church on Sunday night, when the Holy Spirit just descended in showers, and soma of our Sydney Brother* did not Eeo thtir beds until past the midnight hour. I was not there myself, but ono staying with mo said it was something grand, and from tin) way he sai l if, I am afraid I committed the sin of coveting His blessing. On the Monday, the Convention proper began in the Schoolroom at 9.15 a.m. The meeting from beginning to end lasting two hours, hwiourod God the Holy Ghost-, and the necessity oE being baptised with the Holy Ghost, and if baptised, then being filled with Him. The meeting was full of prayer and praise, to gether with heart-searching. The presence of tho Spirit was felt mora and more, while the Chairman emphasized the necessity for believing in the Holy Ghost for tilling, just as wo havo in Christ for sal vation. Many did believe, and just beforo the close when those wero asked to rise who lmd received the Holy Ghost in fulness, tho whole meeting rosa in a body. This was simply a glorious time, and was followed by singing the doxology twice amidst much joy in tho Holy Ghost. The Communion Service was a most beautiful solemn time, and one could not help feeling very near to God, whilst a faithful charge was delivered, followed by the Lord's supper. After Communion, four probationers wore made Brothers-one from St. Barnabas,' Sydney ; three from St. Jude's, Bowral. Adjournment was made for lunch. A noticeable point hero was tho brotherly love and freedom of all present. Tho number at lunch was nearly forty. The session at 2 o'clock was held in the Bowral School of Arts. Tho presonce of tho Holy Spirit was manifestly present here, and was a time of a great deal of good, sonnd teaching, resulting in much blessing. I cannot, deal as fully as I would liko with tho addresses of the afternoon owing to want of space, but one thing was plain, our chairman was tbo right man in the right place, and had tho full confidenco of the mee!ing; Ilis address upon Prayer was beautiful, and most helpful. In fact, quite a run upon red ink and exercise books in Bowral the day after. The next speaker 6eemed to have something-weighty upon his mind, referring to tho great blessing received by many already ; lie longed so to speak as to help those present to keop tho blessing. After prayer being offered to sustain him, ho stated that the model Brotherhood man would be the Spirit filled man, and from pcvnmml prayer he had learnod for himself that the Spirit-filled man would not be a theatre-going man, nor a b9tting man (not oven taking a ticket in os. sweep or Church raffle), nor a man that drinks at any rite, never seen going into a public-houso for a drink. The Spirit-filled man, or modol Brotherhood man, would not be a smoker. Tho Bible tells us the Holy Spirit is our comforter. Thero is nothing about the pip". Tho teaching laid down in this address is not for the unconverted man, nor the babo in Christ who must be fed with milk; but for the man or woman who requires to be Spirit-filled, moment b,y moment. Tho address of our dear vice-president was full of deep thought and gentleness, causing many to regret their prayers had not been offered with more faith and with more reality. The appointments of president and vioe-prosident was an event-in the afternoon session, and both appointments were as unanimous as they could be. The members seemed quite peaceful and rest ful in the faot that the men God wanted were appointed. The Chapter reports wero one and all good, and it was very enjoyablo to just sit and listen about one report from Bowral, another from Newcastle, another from Cootamundra, another from Balmain, one from Melbourne, and whon ono rose from Bowral, it seemed we were brought home again after a long journey. I must pass over the tea-thanks to the ladies, it was perfect-to whom was given a very hearty vote of thanks for all the good things provided. Our Itev. Brother from Picton then led a meeting for prayer. One felt at ease at once with the meeting in bis hands, under the guidance of God, and we all received the blessing for servico in the open air, ?whioh meeting was very searching and plain. I must close, I could write pages more, but cannot. The Convention was a success; the evening meeting crowned it. Our Brother from Picton ' spoke full of tho Holy Gho9t, a pleading address to be filled with the Holy Spirit for service. Our Brother from H.lf.S. ICatoomba looked very much in earnest, and his searching words were listened to with a wonderful stillness. Our Brother from Parramatta did not look very miserable as he narrated sumo of his visiting tours, endeavouring to lead others to Christ; he seemed wound up, for the night. Ho caused many a smilo to pass over the face of the audience, whilst at the same time we could not help feeling how deeply earnest the man was for winning souls for Christ. Another dear Brother read a most carefully prepared paper upon Bible Class. At ten the meeting adjourned to the schoolroom for supper, and we ended up at three in the morning with questions and addresses upon tho second coming of Christ. The key-note of the Convention-"God the Holy Spirit with us." 