THE NOVELIST. A DAY IN THE COWKTKY. -••• By David Christie Murray. His name was Brown-Smith-— he wrote it with a hyphen, and avas .hu i t when people in familiar oonver.se neglected to mark that fact —J. Brown Smith. He was a poet; not a very fine one perhaps-, hut certainly : not a verybad one. Years of practice had given him the literary . trick,- wluch goes for more than an umnstructed person would be apt to fancy, and he had a good heart and an unaffected love for all things beautiful and gracious. He wove a slouched hat and a long paletot, and sported a big russet beard and a moustache, so that lie looked rather, like,a brigand out of business, until his mild and beneficent eye betrayed liim. He was generally to be seen with the amber stem of a big meersham pipe between his lips, and he talked a good: deal in a harmless way about Bohe- mia. When he had been younger Bohemia had had an actual existence, ; but Brown-Smith lived in the lights and shadows of a. day which had for some time departed, and was faitliltil to traditions winch were scorned by the majority of'his compeers. He had been in love, probably more than once in his time, but once a.' least. He had been already middleaged when " he had made his final choice; and now., his tern pies were grizzled, and-lie was bald on top, and there were lines of silver 111 the russet beard. The lady on whom he had bestowed his affections had been but half his age, and had elected to marry a much younger man. Brown-Smith proposed to her when she had been a month engaged, and, learning the truth, jveut away sorrowful, and made his verses his wife, and the ci'onies of his club his family circle. It befell upon an autumn morning that the breath of a dying year put him m miud of the country as lie sat in his London lodgings, and awoke a craving- in liis mind for the sight of yellowing trees and misty pastures. Everybody he kn<sw lived in town, and of late years,, though he wrote a great deal about rural tilings, he had hardly seen the country at all. lie hated constitutional walks and journeys without a purpose, and for a while he could think of nowhere to go to. Bat on a sudden he bethought him of his old sweetheart, who was settled fifteen or sixteen miles away from London, and he fancied that it would not be an unpleasant thing to go down and look at her- abiding place. He had no idea of calling upon her, or intruding himself in any way. His clumsy and futile courtship was now a matter of ancient history, aud the probabilities were that lie was long ago forgotten. He had a notion that in one way the theme might be fruitful. His muse of late liad been a little sterile, and perhaps the journey might prove to have a set of verses in it. That is the way of poets, and, indeed, of men of letters in general. Any little flower of emotion wc may grow goes.; to. market,., and. is. more or less consciously nurtured to that end. When we have been long at the business we are market gardeners pure and simple, ;'and grow rose, lily and forget-me- not side by side with maudragora and the deadly hellebore, culling them and arranging them into bouquets to suit the fashion or fancy of the moment. Brown- Smith arose, donned the sombrero and the long paletot, saw to it that his. tobacco pouch and Britannia-metal fusee box. were well, stocked, aud. walking into the street, .hailed a hansom. That was his 'constant' habit. If ever from home tliau to his club, which was just round'the'corner,' lie went in a hansom. He hated railway-carnages and omnibuses,'and'if he by rare chance tried to go anywhere on fopr he succeeded only iu losing himself, and had finally to call on a cabman tc extricate him from the London maze. He had a handsome income-of his own ; indeed, if he had bad a head for business, instead of rhyming, lie; might have been a wealthy mail, aiid ; this was liis sole extravagance. He was scarcely seated when ths poeticspring began to -show that it was wound up, and,; whilst, the .cab clat-,= tered down Wellington-street v and over Waterloo Bridge, the poet began to manufacture verses:— Cabman, who pUest in the roaring Strand,' Sleepily pliest iu .the authniiu w'oatheiy Pause, at;the signal of my waving iiau'd,; ;.-. And let's away, together. '•'-;• - There at least was a beginning, and it hit the feeling -of the moment. Tin', measure, as the practised in such matters will observe;.: leiads^itsclf to •gravity or gaiety, and the bitrd might. . glide .from either to either, and might: rumble along in sleepy musings between ^whiles. .He. got,-, a- verse in embryo "out of 'a eiowa-^of little children who danced about, an organ: on top of winch a- misanthropic ape scratched the hind-quarter - of .disdain with the haud of dejection. Then 111 • due time the lines of houses. broke, and scattered, and. the . cab ran bet-; ween green. fields. The poet- filled and lit Ins pipe, and- straightway the poetic spring gave another-whirl ::— - ... lord 11 liow.tlie-flayqu^ .-'.Blends.'^ smell 61 troilS : •'':[' . .den grasses, : -.-.' .-; And liow I joy lii every leafy tree ' The .hansom passes '.. Then he' .was/.conscious of his old; sweetheart's; face/ s .She . looked m on •: him like : an actual ; bodily. presence,: and surprised him. An otlier ; ver,se- came quite natuially, aud others flowedeasily-aiterat "though he gave tthemi.y'ather ^i.s- fdij ingenuous turn . perhapsi- i .considering the bu mess : which.tookhini-afield that moimug Why Clare J Sweet Clare. No thought of -•• rr; • yourbright ej e -•--'- Has: touelied imy--irLemoi.y for half a, lustre; _ 'And now. how fast, with what a sweet suiprise, • i;: : -.v®hejfaiieies.-iiiu6tei« \- L think it pie ant play, . '• And maidehs find. it.-too...a jiretfcy iiastirae,^ — f •Until.tlie.godfjmuself descends coined y ":-i:® , ei-neyei:; l eame'icto';.»iyoUia,iid -mc^ weet :• I'lSou'.iiquite- sforget'aie nd Ik^cwptli .^-•iS-swnufagjoUE, ^ jggjj ;s r.^jAsidtonlyjattaiitime^lil e 1 hi I e re .^m^m^m^^ -a St W11 It His not ,i'l inelln.1 nut bnrilie bard was, not •;. esm; Ilia! H e w.is g o iin^ p e n l o u ^ Bneatvihe-^iftics loi£oneHift$g,-J£ind lie -was going out, of motive aforethought, to look a( his old sweetheart's house: Perhaps, if he had formed nonsuch purpose,: he might have chosen another measure, and another, method Of expression. But,: 111 the circumstances, if he must touch.his ghost at all, perhaps it was well not to lay a linger of too much stress upon it. It slept, and had slept for many years. . II would liardly pay to- do tmore; than half awaken: it. He went on with his verse spinning,-and.iiu -a dreary, half-regretful way was happy. He did not often say .a humorous thing, but-his .whole turn of mind was humoious,, and he had never dared to take himself too seriously. Oncc a-way he had given his whole soul to a woman, butsbebad never cared for him, and he-had been .sent-out of lief presence with a sore heartache, which had faded: away little^' iby : little into a tranquil regret with a sense of T.omance around it., r These melancholies of the middle aged are not un- pleasant.- : The journey came to an end, and the cabman pulled :up quite naturally at a. publichouse of the;, better, sort,- and Brown-Smith was welcomed at the door. Could he have luncheon there by and by? Anything -would serve. A little cold meat and a salad 1 That would do. : Their home-brewed: was greatly esteemed, in the neighs bourhood, the enrtesynig landlady assui-ed him. He would essay .a glass at once, and so would the cabman. The cabman being appealed to; touched the brim of his hat, and expressed a husky preference for something short. " Two ol.gin, if you please, "ma-am." The bard drank Ins beer meditatively and slowly, and filled his pipe anew. He had meant to - inquire . of his old sweetheart's whereabouts. That was a simple thing enough, but tub presence of the cabman somehow made it difficult, and when the driver had withdrawn with instructions to stable and feed bis horse, and get a snack for himself in the tap-room, -it seemed too late t6 proffer the inquiry. Brown- Smith was shy, in fine, and had a fear which he himself confessed ridiculous, lest the sentimental character of his errand should be known. He wandered out a little disconsolately into the lane. It .was high noon, but there was an autumn mist; abroad, and autumn gossamer, clogged thick with congested frost drops, showed everywhere in the hedges. The lanes were carpeted thick with fallen leaves, and an earthy odour rose from • them, remindful of a hundred memories,, all more or less of a mildly sentimental kind. Except when the poetical watch spring sethis internal worts agoing, aud thepoetio musical-box sounded its pretty -little inward tunes, Brown-Smith was, in the main, a mildly cheerful; person. But to-day, ;what with the' :tnim-jn which his thoughts had started in the morning, and his propinquity to his old sweetheart, and the signs of lovely decay every whore about, he-grew to feel actually downcast and . dejected. All the mistakes of his life .rose up before him, all its failures and follies. He felt forlorn and old, and life in general seemed to be a very bitter business." "'•""" ' Iu this melancholy mood he wandered on, until it occurr.edtphim.that he had made half-a-dozen aimless turnings, and had no: idea of his present whereabouts.. He got lost iu his favourite London once a week but there he had al ways the ubiquitous cabman to appeal to. Here there was nobody-. The lane in. which liefound himself was just wide enough for the passage of ail ordinary vehicle, aud was so walled m by thick leaved; hedges, and so: arched over by enirj bracing bonghTS, that the foggy gloom' of the day wa's' doubled^ and only a damp^nd vihgui^fulvtwilight": illuminated his surroundings. : -T-he silence and the';s0]it'iide- :snit.ei:^ which lie had : iillowcd himself to fall, and, since : he had made: it a lifelong; practice to surrender himself to his own fancies, 1 lie foiind itieasy -to give way to this.-' He arranged his long; paletot vso that he might talce no damage '. from the moist grass, and,sitting..', down - upon af/gi;assy bank by the roadside,- ...took. ;;the russist beard in both bands,'-.arid sat :siaring.'at thc-.bauk';^^ model for a statue of a poet in reverie. ;S6nieb'o3y.':might;?cpm^ lum in a Sv-hilie ;pif.mo,t,Vno.matter^'-.k . Just as he had arrived comfortably at -the conclusion "that there: was nothing in the .world m which: it vwas worth, while: to be for a moment interested, ; he-; was recalled ' to- bis honest,: -natural self by -the meresttrifle of an incident•, m : the : :progrcssof which lie immediately, -became' absoibed. This way, g'entlemen,. : if you please,?'' said a voice at once suave and business - like. The poet turned; jandvloolsed: across, his-shoulder,; mi-^ the direction vof the.' voice.;; - J^ustiwhere-he .jsat ^there?was ; - .1 slight-gap an tliejiedge,.— .aj^raeijij eyelet holej .large enough to" afford' him an unrestricted view, but so-small^ that the hedge effectually concealed; h is -presence; . He saw before lum a- pretty little garden, a ! smootli- shaven lawntand a small . and unpretentious residence of the cottagervjlla ordei'i From its -door emerged a ; bustling: jeDtligmiiiitaii'S.'.wJiaitediat^ caaajying ;:anotebook m one hand and a pencil in the ot]ier.- ;-He was followed by some half-doxen men in various stages of dirty.flashuess; w.ho :had .each? and t; alii beady ej es and red lips and thick, hooTjedmosesj' . and: rwhof each: cai^raeda m one hand a pamphlet, and m tlie other a pencils?; The.bardimmediate- 1 : recognised these gentlemen as bioheis and he knew Without > explanation, that a sale of household; efiects was going on in the piettyy etn.ed littk villa The man jji thei white hat bustled foi^ard into the middle of the lawn, and <the thick : nosed contingent grouped about lum at "\ar j mg distances -v. _ ; Tou^seethe next lot before youh gentlemen^ s sid 8 the -auctioneers Sevea.gaidenj5eats vanous One; patent duplex action lawn mower aw noiliolletj three t\ateimgpots rake" jspade and lioe^, -•» How much for this lot, gentlemen T 6 Y lhe handful of 1 " bioiLecg wandered unconcti nedly ibout the la\ n m ljcoting the -\\-nous aiuclet. olien d 5 forsil v, vl dcpic litng isptel and + gestae^ " •Come^jgentl^men, ^al'd,^ Jitioneei c 'fwe^catfj;Jie^Jie^ ." Oh, gentlemen, gentlemen 1" cried the auctioneer,. and bocame fluent, almost passionate, in laudatory criticism: of the. articles^offered'.'for' : sale, r; His: 'voice took a tone of pathetically: remonstrant indignatSon; " Ten-shillings ! Gh, really, really; gcntieinen ! Let us be -reasonable." \- Another thick - nosed gentleman soared so high into the air of pure reason as to increase the bid by:-sixpence.i The auctioneer expostulated The;goods - were , being thrown awayJ He v.-as there to sell .without' reserve,' but at wasigrievous and-hardly - .to • be borne that the things he had to offer should be- knocked down -at prices so far. below their real value. The Hebraic;crowd4istened to liis diatribes 1 with a dreary patience ; ;but nobody ofFenng a further bid- for the ; 'garden seats} various; and the - rest, the lot. •was knocked down, and ilie whole party, headed by the auctioneer, meandered back to the-house agam: This little episode had inspired the unsuspected onlooker with variety - of .emotions,", and after the manner of. his tribe, : he had profound- ly . pitied .half - a - dozen imaginary persons ; before . the scene- was ^ over.* His bardic bosom-had been firedr with scorn for- the- ;handful -jofr .money-; grubbers banded togetiier to take.' ad-; vantage» of•-- the sstraits of ;the:;w/idowJ and the fatherless ; ;bnt when • the 'curtain-had fallen on the itrivial act,; he fell nito a de]ection more mournful; than before, : and gazed at the • ivycovered porch of the small villa as if he read in it a decree .of mysteriousand all-embracing doom. . ;.-; - :. ; As he looked, a small boy—a boy of five, or thereabouts — came out, nursing a puppy, a smooth- haired,: pot-bellied, helpless canine-'infant of. a : month or two. The boy, a sturdy little felloWj was evidently labouring under a sense of injtu'y, which he did; his best to conquer. He walked: resolutely towards the poet, as if he had him m view, and plumping down on the wot grass within two --.yards: of liini, hugged his burden, to his breast with a gesture so emphatic that the. puppv uttered a yowkof remonstrance.;. At this the. c.lnld released him,; and the pup, in infantine glee, began, with a tottering jocundity, to charge about the lawn, and to bark with a pretence of valour at imagined nitriiders. He was .sf the age. at which dogs learn to bark, aud was obviously; proud of his newly found accomplish - ment. When he had . sufficiently asserted his own importance, and had expressed with especial vehemencelus opinion of the people then within doors, lie returned to. his -childish com pan ion, aud -1 u tn blcd. o ver hun m an ecstacy of- fawning affection. - The boj- eathered him up again m a loose -armful, and.began to.cry silently, but at tliis- insiant a . ]eeri ug.. call.:broke in upon ;his solitude, and the poetj ..peering'through--the. leafy screen, saw a mean boy, a repulsive boy, with a £ice freckled iall over like a toad's back, who had - thrown one ,leg over' (he garden wall something less than a score of,yards aw:).y. : , -. ...,-' '••:*' ¥ah !" said the freckled boy, ^ who's bemer sold up ?" : At tins the eyes: of the infant • w^th (he pu]ipy glittered, suddenly, and .Ins ^tears~ceased'.-:-vHe-7 clinched., bis.jnilk, white teeth, and put both arms about the puppy. - ,;. -..;...:... , .. :. " Who's being sold up ?" the repulsive boy repeated. " Yah !" ... . He detached small pieces of mortar from the top of the. wall and threw them at • the object of : his derision.• Then, emboldened by the absence of, retort;: for he was .obviously, at the first glance,, a boy who loved to deride in safety, he threw .the other leg over the wall, and dropped stealthily into' the garden. Then, having assured himself by observation that, his way of retreat was clear,: and , that, if need were, he could scale the wall before the enemy reached him, he threw a stone, and finding that . that elicitedino i'etort, he .grew still bolder, aud ventured forward. He was anolder boy than the rightful occupant of the lawn, and topped him by three ungainly inches.- . '•• • "Tab!" he said again, for he was a boy unfertile m resource, "who's being sold up ?" The little chap with the puppy was breathing hard, and to Brown-; Smith's eye looked likely , to be dangerous. . The poet had half a mindto steal silently:'along the lane until; he found the gate,-then to enter, and. effect at least a. momentary modification in the sentiment of the. boy; with the; freckles. .-But he was a shy many and contented . himself : with; watching. The mean boy, quite secure by this time, stood over the object of his scorn, and goaded him. still further. "-TheyVe ... got, the ;> pup • in; the catalogue." ' At this the smaller boy started to his feet, bugging. his burden. .-. " ISJo they haven't," lie said defiantljiibutiyet-wath'airemoKot .doubt; 1 in his tone „ o," "Y^sithey have, though,"'' said tlie i him. Not as ihe'llifetehmueh.; I"ah' I 1 Eou ! 7ia«e*got .ito.;-be - hard^upi before j ou'd sell a pup like that" Theathepapaiid'tbebard-andthe boy with the freckles weic all simultaneouslystartled ThepupwaS; whirled: ^wildly/ an jair^th e:fveckled? boy.:; was smitten with extreme violence on the very -tip of lus ;jeering nosej- and^ the poet exulted, as only a poet has a:i'ight.to:exult,.wheueverhes*eestlle' trampled, soul.jaidse^andjthel'tyrantj tiemble The 'freckled boy^wasnnct "valiant in fight, but he was 'Tobust of lung. He yelled manfully^ and. rhis j screamsibroughtout^an-excltedciinrse-;; gill, in a 'wlnrl of flpune tes * - "Look what your Bob ! s , 'done," lc said^ the chastisetF-ftoi mentor i > His nose -wasbleeding;, anclirom -She spectacle he precented'^there^'was no "knojvang twhat njuiy he had-iece^ved "tOli you bad, --wicked, naughty abominable child'^Ved^the WsV every adieetive^6ok4'mphasis^rom| souudifag Jsliip /iTlfOittle ^llow ^ W " " W h e i \nd btood on the<d P efe%ye ^ S qi! n J "They shan't sell you,"—said the boy. I won't let them sell you. You haven't done anything to he; sold}; have you, Tiny ?" J Look here, I'll go away and be a cabin boy I'll take you with-mej and theu tliey can't sell! yon " ;; He: fassed- the p :•--. .on - tli e; nose, andvset outf .hot deteraiination: Brow'u-;Sn)ith; .arose .withjgntenfc,, to: meet the child ht the gate and soothe, injured honour with the plaster of a; new half-crown;- bright fiiom the mint,; (which he happened to carry m his. purse. But, before he had gained the gate, the boy was m the lane, running, as fast as his small legs would carry him : " He won't go far," said. the poet to himself;-and- refrained from.,quickening his own pace, lest he ; should frighten hmi..;' ., After- a burst; of thirfy or forty yards, the adventurer-fell into :a :jog trot, and from that;into a walk. ,.Bufc the walk; was- dogged -and; full of purpose. The poet-would- not have been 1 , a poet if he had- not % remembered, his ,ow.i>! childhood: "He,; too, had- : risen, : though -many . years ago, against abuse and.-, tyranny., :witli: a: soulithat flamed; with all the.-passion-' ,ate-valour<;W.hichvjnspii!ed Garibaldi; oi' Kosciu.sko.. If, all good onen, , go Biosvn - Smith mused, wistfiilly watching; thfeilittle.figure before, him,'' kept= .the , childish .courage ,aud-4he: childish bate of tyranny the world would have had smooth going for :the; weakest long and long ago. " We. degenerate,'- ;said; Browrii Smith. V The,Hampden of five is a, trimmer at five and twenty. The infant Cromwell grows up to vote at the order of a Caucus." Tlie -boy walked on, and ..Brown- Smith followed him, recalling a certain experience of his own, when he : too bad, at the premature age; of fi e, rushed to face the world.- 'He: had: endured for: some ten minutes;,, ndl lie looked for the- same-rapid coo ang; of heroic intent ; in this case.. The boy in front however, held steadily on for a mile. By tins time he hadset down the puppy, who;frisked.lr-j •esponsibly at his heels. The poet began to feel his long, paletot op-' pressive, and dis-cmbarrassmg him-: self of it,, threw-,it over - his .ai-m;: What thoughts filled the child's mind beyond- the rooted sense of in-; -justice and resolve it would be diffi-' cult to tell, but lie pegged ; away:at his best pace; looking, neither to leftj nor right, for a : full hour. Brown-; Smith , admired his energy and de-; termination, but began to hope, that tliev would be of,-brief iduratvon. On sudden, the puppy, after a • frantic burst of high spirits, lay down panting 111 the road, andrefused'to be al-; Uu-ed or commanded fuftlier:' In" the end, the. child . took him. up* again j but, in sjnte of anger and resolve, he was already - growing weary, and when he had covered another liundred: yards, he sat down.upon a bank by the roadside ' to rest. The poet smilingly approached him ana sat down. -.:••:••':. .••••;•-.:.•..". " That's a nice : pretty little dog you have there," lie said, vby, way of open-: tlie conversation. Tlie child looked shy;; and returned no answer) " Bo you think he would make fnends wifli ine? Let us"-^eo ? He's I fancy." Brown-Smith's voice was naturally gentle, and his face was/friendly and inviting. - -The child and the puppy, with the intuition natural to their several, states'and ages; -trusted and believed jn lum: at once; " And where are wc going :to,- : my little man?" The boy liung his.head at this query, and answered' nothing. Aren't wo rather a;, long - way ivom, home ;' , Do-you know, it strikes.me that if we ;go much further.we-shall lose ourselves-- Don't j'ou think we'd better be going back again j"' No- answer still.. Tlie, boy fondled the ; head of : thei pup as-he , lay- in Bro.wn->3mith's: lap; and looked -, up once at hxs Btrange compamon. " Don't. yott! ^thmfc/'- Jaslied : Brown- Smith, hazarding; a-- gness," i-" that mamma'Will-be'liTceiyto.niiss-you'i": 'VShe's gone away;''-said the-ehild -; " Betsy says she isn't coming back again " '.'^Now, do. you:know, 1 ' saidithe poet, with an air of -weight and gravity, "I; don t.believe an. Betsy ht It;'think; it.-very likely,that-mamma'sv;atT home this - minute;" I don't A'^o^ mmd you 1 only say I think it veiy likely. Suppose we go and see " " She ; went, away this ; ,morning,", the child answered.: .There,i was., a eateh .an his-voice, tand 1 ,-the resolute: corners'^of his mouth rbegan ; to droopl a little. " She -went^-away before ,tlie. salej and Betsy^says:.,she's neveiviconi.; mg back again," ^ ( " We . won't -trouble: our, heads about:Betsy..!^;said- : the bard-,::wi;th, :;apv air of;; weightier:decision tthan; before;i " Betsj^s talking.!noi}sense, -;eyideiitly. Why, bless your soul," he continued, m-;a:voiee ialtogether::conyiiiced-a-nd intimate, "I daresay I'm tjvice as old as you are —three, tnp.es perhaps p^and^ne^feheaiyivi^ofs.sjichia^itlungj nevei coniing back again 1 Why that is obviously pieposteious Pei- Jiaps yon don't know jvhat it ( is to, be a thmg j i^ob-viously piepohtei ous, .people J always iaugh rl know "that, because^"I have been obviously preposterous-rmysellii.and^eopleihav.e; laughed at me" ^ u r This mild joke titfkled him little, and His/ own kindly, humour^ bad\ ;opened'4iis:3ieaTtyv-|i.nd!!inade^Migli i tereasy h He^UugUed gaily,,-and his m-j : fa*nt chaige laughed^ also., JTlTe rpup!; Kit up in the bird's lap, ? atid'])Silced^ c for companv." I 1 ' ' Why/'tb^litfcle dog laugl/s^/ee such "fall) Bioivaj Sihifii "continued*' "Ile- Tmo-vvs^hen.a'^ungj/obviously! preposterous, don't you, 'doggi^? fWhafs your uatne, old fellow"? L \ f ^ His name s Tmy, said the Im ! L fant wand&en;^VTioXvas qjiit« cei tain f<Df Tub man "'by tim6 / "'Jlrne * ®Bob ^Hei two^months^ldfand'T relation ;of his.-ownishort and-simple, annals. P-apa,it seeinsvhad died eyer so long' ago,' when'' Bob' was little; (" Less tbau l am how," ho 6aid, explanatorily; .Mamma,: of cotirsey .was Imamma. They lived at "the Pir |Trees. ; He could" give her a -local jhabitation; but no name: .;. -.:•.•:•;.;.:: j:•••• " Are you ever -hungry ?" • Brown- Smith-demanded; " I am."•"•• ;.1 . : ^ : j He thought of the cold meat and salad, .ordered 'now - :two ; hours ' ago; and his inner man yearned - at tlie I "We passed a nice place five •minutes back. A place that looked to my mind'as if it had milk'and^biscuits m it. Not at all an unlikely place for cake, I should' fancy: There migbt 'even -be plum' cske there I knew a place of that sort once, where:,they had. pluni- cake-with frosted , sugar-ion =the top—frosted sugaivasthick :as-that,upon-my • word -of honour." He held up his thumb yinillustvation-.,,:-ffThat's ;not a thing to.be.looked for every day.-'j he hastened : to,. add, " but : stil 1- it might be there, , Suppose we. go and see, eh ?" ,: -The immediate resolution torescape from, the tyrannies: of ::Betsyj : :and to ;become:.a.cabm'iboy,-made.-itself .air when^bepoet.coniuredup.tbissplen- • did vision:. .Bob,. rc.-iuming ) charge of the puppy, : W,as -hoisted on to - Bro wn- ; Swtt^ ^shoulder,, .and .presently .the: two invaded a.::tidy: . roadside iun; where^ as, good, fortune would: have it, plum cake and milk -were actually obtainable. . The. poet: himself sat down to beef and ale, and rejoiced wholesomely above them. . ' " You know this little gentleman'?" Brown-Snlitli asked of-1;lie landlord. " I've seen him afore, 1 '' the landlord answered. " His mother's a widow. She lives about, three male from here. -I did hear as she was to be sold up to-day." - ••;••'• : ; { . " Have^you -such a-thing as a-trap handy ?" asked the poet. , I should like to drive him home ag.nu." The-landlord had a trap, and in teu. minutes it was ready. 1 "Drive to- Mrs. Barton's, Jim," cried : tlie : landlord,-and 1 .-Bro.wii-Smi tli started at- the name,; and even paled a little. :'Tlie , old : .sweetheart,' :about whom lie-had been-,spuming verses all the "niorning, bore that name. lt;wfi$ hardly' -likely that tliei-e were two Mrs. Bartons--in the same outlying village.': - It: was by . no- means an • impossible: thing that-there should be two,'but to his mind it;seemed upprobable:: : Was,.his. old love really a widow; and in distress 1 And ' could it be really her-child ,in- whom he had -taken a passing .and rkmdlynnteresti He scanned tlie boy's :face with a new eye, and even, thought, be lead some. :llkeness to her features mat.: -That might be no more than fancy,' but it' was : enough to ^set Ins heart flatter^-' nig. That organ had so long been quiet that its . mild • distdrbiuce; seemed aimost. volcanic; to' him. He had never dreamed-, that anything would touch it again in tins world. •If the- old. Clara of lus "dreams were really free . - . He sat on thorns through the brief journey,' and answered the. boy's prattle at absent, random. • Suddenly •the trap,turned-.a corner of the lane;; and the. gate was in sight. Nursefigure in grey besidekheri ," They ; botff turned at. the.-sound of' wheels; -and> the boy sang out "Mamma! " in a re-' voicing treble. The poet raised his hat, und blushed like any schoolboy. | ; .Mrs. Barton," :he said; as " the trap came to a standstill, " I found j^our; little .boy: some distance -away; from here, and I was afraid he might; be lost, I have ::brought him back to you." : :He alighted, and lifted the child to the ground. The: young widow was pale, and looked as if she had known trouble. Sli e was; embarrassed, too, and accepted the poet's proffered hand with a shyness :whichy^as 'he thought; -.became:; her orrery: prettily.: The ten years which had elapsed smce- he 'had-;seen; her,;last, :had. -left hergirlishistill,;iandv lie thought how wonderiully.-litfclei.shehadaltered-' The: old:r.oses'. iwoiild:oome .back; with 1 prosperity -and ' happiness.-' i JHe -was" amazed to -fiud himself as > much m love -iMth her as ever , -" We have not met. for a longtime,": he said. "No," she answered. "It is a -long time : since: ;we met; You. are a little changed, I think." " Am I ?" he lesponded. " I don't feel changed at all" -sHerei.be- rememberedthe-hostler. and dismissed him with a fai'e.wh'. sent. off .that simple fellow m -ast > : ishment.. KursemaidBetsy,.: milder under the maternal: eye- than ^=wb en free; of its. controlling;; influence, had. led. the ..child away.,. The. happy! puppy,alone remained as: a.-.witness to'; the .interviewi ,and he looked: ,fi-oin ;onerto;the;otberwithaii;anquiring sagacity, much as if he had expected things to take this; :tQrn: so.--far, -and were interested-in_the (£e'7ioMe»ifini. ." "I came down," said Brown- Smith, " on. purpose 1 to Kave a look at jthe ^^^^^l^ved^m.J I^hope y.ou don't;, ' bbS gave one brief glance at him, and lowered her*eyes " , fij "'I leam that you are'lonely,'Clara, and 1 I am afraid 'from what T have seen''and heard'to-day that you are -not t ! oo well to do Excuse me, I'am an 'old friend, you' know, and I was always clumsy. If you could let me L Iielp you, Claraf " ' * | *' H'e stopped^there,- not daring to 'speak allliis Tnind'at'bnce". 1 ' " " I have'^a place'to go 7 toshe^answfiredkfe "^omeifeendsfbfefnines'ha^e; found me'¥ sitniation:''-- -> - 11 ', % i "'Hon'.rMtake Olara'" said -BroVn£Smith,"imJifilsiveIy. < ' r " What"cf"e 1 i "Cefoie"" n: she asked ^ - \+ - n j ]yv aear 1 saidithe poet with S; directness such 'ks poets rarfely usfe;- b f efore-you ^ake%ie, -and; situation P® am ino •£'had cured, myself of*, my old'fancy i-"A itrue-bill;"^aidtI-iepoet. He. iwas;; so Tjright' -rhaid® 1 -smiling»*and,:in spite of his gnzzledrtemples looked so; young-;:againr«that;'for-.the:timeat ileas^, -:thed^sfc.ten. years- ofiliearta.che ( iclean-.-wiped- away from him. The' little widow was smihng too, .gravely and tenderly; and .the roses of- her youth were back again. ' " I say," said Master Bob, boldly, dividing the poet's 'beard and.looking up at him> ' "J told you what my name was.. W£at s jours P" • "Mine?" asked the poet "I am papa " \- . " Is that true^ mamma-f".-;...-• ; " Yes," said: =the- little widow, tak-: :ing:,the-i ;boy.'from his .protector's kneesf,.and;-:,hiding-;iier rflusbed face against his cheek." "It's, quite true.":. \- " Well,-' said Bobj - with an accent of decision, " I call that jolly " , 