WHEN THE WORLD WAS YOUNGER A TALE OF MERRIE ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON, Author of ' Ishmael,' 'Dead Men's Shoes,' 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'Wyllard's Wierd,' 'Phantom Fortune,' 'Like and Unlike,' &a;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. Chapter XXIII. — (Continued.) Denzil's visit lasted over a month, during ?which time he rode into Oxfordshire twice to see Lady Warner, stopping a night each time, lest that worthy person should ~ fancy herself neglected. Sir John derived the utmost pleasure from the young man's company, who bore himself towards his host with a respectful courtesy that had gone out of fashion after the murder of the king and was rarely met with in an age where elderly men were generally spoken of as 'old puts' and considered proper subjects for ' bubbling.' To Denzil the old campaigner opened his heart more freely than he had ever done to anyone except a brother-in-arms ; and although lie was resolute in upholding the cause of monarchy againt republicanism, he owned to the natural disappointment which he had felt at the king's neglect of old friends and reluc tantly admitted that Charles, sauntering along Pall Mall with ruin at his heels and the wickedest men and women in England for his chosen companions, was not a monarch to maintain and strengthen the public idea of the divinity that doth hedge a king. ' Of all the lessons danger and adversity can teach he has learnt but one,'' said Sir John, ?with a regretful sigh. 'He has learnt the Horatian philosophy to snatch the pleasures of the day and care nothing what may happen on the morrow. I do not wonder that pre dictions of a sudden end to this globe of ours should have been bruited about of late, for if lust and prof aneness could draw down fire from Heaven London would be in as perilous a case as Gomorrah. But I doubt such particular judgments belonged but to the infancy of this world, when men believed in a personal God, interested in all their concerns, watchful to bless pr^tp punish. ,-rWe have now but the God of Spinoza— a God who is all things and every where about us, of whom this creation in which we move is but the garment— a universal essence which should govern and inform .all. we ar£{and all we do; out not the Judge and Father of his people, to be reached by prayer and touched by pity.' 'Ah, sir, our life here and hereafter is en compassed with mystery. To think is to be loBt on the trackless ocean of doubt. The Papists have the easiest creed, for they be lieve that which they are taught and take the mysteries of the unseen world at second hand from their priests. A year ago, had I been happy enough to win your daughter, I should have tried my hardest to wean her from Borne, but I have lived and thought since then, and I have come to see that Calvinism isa religion of despair, and that the doctrine of predestination involves contradictions as difficult to swallow as any fable of the Roman Church.' ' It is well that you should be prepared to let. her keep her religion, for I doubt she has a stubborn affection for the creed Bhe learnt in her childhood. Indeed, it was but the other day .she talked of the cloister, and I fear she has all the disposition to that religious prison in which her great aunt lived contentedly for ? the space of a long lifetime. But it is for you, 35enzil, to euro her of that fancy, and to spare me the pain of seeing my best-beloved child finder the black veil.' \- 'Indeed, sir, if a love as earnest as man ever experienced ? ' 'Yes, Denzil, I know you love her; and I love you almost as if you were my very son. In the years that went 'by after Hyacinth was born, before the beginning of trouble, I used to long for a.son, and I'm afraid I did sometimes distress my dear. wife, by dwelling too per sistently upon disappointed hopes. And then canie chaos— England in arras, a rebellious I-eople, a King1- put upon- his defence— and I had leisure to think of none but my royal master. And in the thick of the strife my poor lamb was born to me — the bringer of my life's great sorrow — and there was no more thought of sons. Bo, you see, friend, the place in my heart and home has waited empty for you. Win but yonder shy dove to consent and we shall be of one family and of one mind,, and I as happy as any broken- down cam paigner in England can be — content to creep to the grave in obscurity, forgotten by the .Prince whose father it is my dear memory to have served.' ' You loved your King, sir, I take it, with a personal affection ?' 'Ah, Denzil, we all loved him. Even the common people — lod as they were by hectoring Ereachere of sedition, of no more truth or onesty. than the mountebanks that ply their knavish trade rouud Henry's statue on the Pont Neuf — even they, the very rabble, had their hours of loyalty. I rode with his Majesty from Royston to Hatfield in '47, when the people filled the midsummer air with his name from hearts melting with love and pity. They strewed the way with boughs and strewed the boughB with roses. So great honor has been B&ldoai; showed to a royal captive.' 'I take it that the lower class are no poli ticians and loved their King for his private virtues.' ''Never was monarch worthier to be so esteemed. He was a man of deep affections, and it was perhaps his most fatal quality where he loved to lovo too much. I have no grudge against that beautiful and most acoom plished woman ho so worshipped and who was ever gracious to me ; but I cannot doubt that Henrietta Maria was his evil star. She had the fire and daring of her father, but none of his care and affection for the people. The daughter of the most beloved of kings had the instincts of a tyrant, and was ever urging her doating husband to unpopular measures. She wanted to set that little jewelled shoe of hers on the neck of rebellion, when she should have held out a soft white hand to make friends of her foes. Her beauty and her grace might have done much had she inherited with the pride of the Medici some thing1 of their finesse and suavity. But he loved her, Denzil, forgave all her follies, her lavish spending and wasteful splendor. ' My wife is a bad housekeeper,' I heard him say once, when she was hanging upon his chair as he sat at the end of the council table. The palace accounts were on the table — three thou sand pounds for a masque — extravagance only surpassed by Nicholas Fouquet twenty years afterwards, when he was squandering the public money. ' My wife is a bad housekeeper,' his majesty said gently and then he drew down the little French museau with a caressing hand and kissed her in the presence of those grey beards.' ' His son is strangely unlike him in domestic matters.' ' His son has the manners of a Frenchman and the morals of a Turk. He is a desDot to his wife and a slave to his mistress. ^There never was greater cruelty to a woman thau his majesty's treatment of Catherine while she was still but a stranger in the land and when he forced his notorious paramour upon her as her lady of honor. Of honor, quotha ! There was sorry store of honor in his conduct. He had need feel the sticg of remorse t'other day when the poor lady was thought to be on her death-bed — so gentle, so affectionate, so broken to the long- suffering of consort-queens, apolo gising for having lived to trouble him. Ned Hyde has given me the whole story of that poor lady's subjugation, for he was behind the scenes and in their secrets. Poor soul ! hlood rushed from her ears and nostrils when that shameless woman was brought to her and she was carried swooning to her chamber. And then she was suilen, and the king threa tened her and sent away all the Portuguese save one ancient waiting-woman. I grant you' they were ugly devils fie to set in a field to frighten crows; but Catherine loved them. Royal treatment for a Christian queen from a Christian king ! Could the Sophy do worse ? And presently the poor lady yielded — as most women will, for at heart they are slavish and love to be beaten — and after holding herself aloof for a long time— a sad, silent, neglected figure, where all the rest were loud and merry, she made friends with the lady and even seemed to fawn upon her.' 'And now I dare swear the two women mingle their tears when Charles is unfaithful 0 both, or Catherine weeps while Barbara curses. That would be more in character. Fire and not water is her ladyship's element.' 'Ah, Denzil, 'tis a curious change, and to have lived to _ see Buckingham murdered and Strafford sacrificed and the rebellion and the Commonwealth and the restoration and the plague and the fire, and to have skirmished in the battles of Parliaments and princes t'other side the channel, and seen the tail of the thirty years' war, towns ruined, villages laid waste, where Tilly passed in blood and fire, is to have lived through as wild a variety of fortunes as ever madman invented in a dream.' Denzil lingered fit the manor, urged again and again by his host to stay over the day fixed for departure, and bo lengthening hiB visit with a most willing submission till late in June, when the silence of the nightingales made sleep more possible, and the sunset was so late and the sunrise so early that there seemed to benosuchthingasnight. He had made up his mind to plead for a hearing in the hour of farewell ; and it may have been as much from apprehension of that fateful hour as even from the delight of being in his mistress's com pany that he acceded with alacrity when Sir John desired him to stay. But an end must come at last to all hesitations, and a familiar verse repeated itself in his brain with the per sistent iteration of cathedral chimes — He either fears bis fate too much Or his desert is small, Who fears to put it to the touch And win or lose it all. Sir John pushed him towards his fate with affectionate urgency. ' Never be dastardised by a girl's refusal, man,' said the knight, warm with his morning draught, on it hat last day, when the guest's horses had been fed for a journey and the saddlebags packed. 'Don't let a simpleton's coldness cow your spirits. The wencli likes you, else she would scarce have enduied your lonj^ sermons upon weeds and insects, or been smiling and contented in your company all these weeks. Take heart of grace, man.; and remember that though I am no tyrannical father to drag an unwilling brido to the altar, 1 have all a father's authority and will not have my dearest wishes baulked by the capricious humors of a coquette.' 'Not for worlds, sir, would I owe to nuthority what love cannot freely grant ? ' ' Don't chop logic, Den7.il. You want my laughter; and, by God, you shall have her] Win her with pretty speeches if you can; If Bhe turn stubborn she Bhall have plain English from me. I have promised hot to force her inclination, but if I am driven to harsh measures 'twill be for her own good I am severe. Ventregris! What can fortune give her better than a handsome and virtuous hus band?' Angela was in the garden when Denzil went to take leave of her.. She was walking up and down beside a long border of June flowers, screened from rough winds by those thick walls of yew which gave such a comfortable sheltered feeling to the Manor gardens, while in front of flowers and turf there sparkled the waters of a long pond or stew, stocked with tench and carp, some among them as ancient and as greedy as the scaly monsters of Fontainebleau. The sun was shining on the dark green water *nd the gaudy flower-bed and Angela's favorite spaniel was running about the grass, barking his loudest, chasing bird or butterfly with im potent fury, since he never caught anything. At sight of Denzil he tore across the green sward, his silky ears flying and barked at him as if the young man's appearance in that garden were an insufferable impertinence ; but on being taken up in one strong hand changed his opinion and slobbered the face of the foe in an ecstacy of affection. ' Soho, Ganymede, thou knowest I bear thee a good heart, plaything and mere pretence of a dog as thou art,' said Denzil, depositing the little bundle of black-and-tan nossiness at Angela's feet. He might have carried and nursed his mis tress's favoiife with pleasure during any casual sauntering and random talk, but a man could hardly ask to have his fate decided for good or ill with a toy spaniel in his arms. ' My horse is at the door, Angela, and I am come to bid you good-bye,' he said in a grave voice. The words were of the simplest, but there was something in his tone that told her all was not said. She paled at the thought of an approaching conflict, for she knew her father was against her and that there must be hard fighting. 'They walked the length of flower border and lawn in silence, and then, when they wera furthest from the house and from the hazard of eyes looking out of windows, he stopped suddenly and took her unresisting hand, which lay cold in his. ' ' Dearest, I have kept silence through all those blessed days in which you and I have been together, but I have not left off loving you or hoping for you. Things have changed since I spoke to you in Londou last winter. I have a powerful advocate now, whose pleading ought to prevail with you — a father whose anxious affection urges what my passionate love so ardently desires. Indeed, dear heart, if you wilt be kind you can make a father and lover happy with one breatlh You have but to say 'Yes' to the prayer you know of ? ' 'Indeed, indeed, Denzil, I cannot. lam your true and faithful friend. If you were sick and alone— as his lordship was — I would go to you and nurse you as your friend and sister. If you were poor and I were rich I would divide my fortune with you. I shall always think of you with affection — always take pleasure in your society if you will let me, but it must be as your sister. You have no sister, Denzil — I no brother. Why cannot we be to each other as brother and Bister ?' 'Only because from the hour when your beauty and sweetness began to grow into my mind I have been your lover and nothing else — your adoring lover. I cannot _ change my fervent hope for the poor name of friend. I can never again dare be to you what I have been in this happy season last past unless you will let me be more than I have been.' 'Alas!' Only that one word, with a sorrowful shake of the graceful head covered with feathery ringlets in the dainty fashion of that day so becoming in youth, so inappropriate to advancing years, when the rich profusion of curls came straight from Cbedreux or some of his imitators and baldness was hidden by the spoils ef the dead. 'Alas!' No need for more than that sad dissyllable. 'Then I am no nearer winning this dear hand than I was at Fareham House?' he said beartbrokenly, for he had built high hopes upon her kindness and willing companionship in that Arcadian valley. ' I told you then that I should never marry. I have not changed my mind. I never can change. I am to be Henriette's spinster aunt.' 'And Fareham's spinster sister?' said Densil. ' I understand. We are neither of us cured of our malady. It is my disease to love you in spite of your disdain. It is your disease to love where you should not. Fare well !' He was gone before she could reply. The livid anger of his face, the deep resentment in his voice haunted her memory and made life almost intolerable. 'My sin has found me out,' she said to her self, as she paced the garden with the rapid steps that indicate a distempered spirit. ' What right has he to pry into the depths of my mind and ferret out all that there is of evil in my nature. Well, he goes the surest way to make me hate him. If ever he comes here again I will run away and hide from ail who know me.. I would rather be a farm servant and rise at daybreak to work in the fields than endure his insolence.' She had to bear worse pain before Denzil had ridden far upon his journey ; for her father came to the garden to seek her, eager to know the result of his protege's wooing. ' Well, sweetheart, he began, taking her to his bosom and kissing her. ' Do I salute the future Lady Warner?' ' No, sir ; I am too well content with the name I inherit to desire any other.' ' That is gracefully said, cherie ; but I want to see my ewe lamb happily wedded. Has thy sweetheart stolen away without finding courage to ask the question that has been on the tip of his tongue for the last six weeks ?' ' He has been both importunate and im pertinent, sir, and he has had his answer. I hope I may never see him again.' 'What ! you have refused him ? You must be mad !' 'No, sir; sober and sane enough to know when 1 am happy. I told you bc-fore this gentleman came here that I did not mean to many. Surely I am not so unloving adaughtar that I must be driven to take a husband because my father will not have me.' ' Angela, it is for your own safety and wel faro I would have you married. What have you to succeed to when I am gone ? A poor estate, in a country that has seen such rough changes within a score of years that one dare scarcely calculate upon a prolonged time of safety fcven in this sequestered valley. God only knows when cannou-bulls may tear up - our fields and' bullets whistle through the copses. .This monarchy, testoited with Btich a clamorous approval, may endure no longer than the Commonwealth, which was thought to be lasting. His1 Majesty's trivial life and'gfoss extravagance have dtegtiflted and alarmed some who loved him dearly, and have set the common people questioning whether the rough rule of the Protector' were not 'better than the ascendency of shameless women 'and dissolute men. The pageantry of Whitehall may vanish like a parchment' scroll in a furnace, and Charles, who has tasted the sours of exile, may be again a wanderer, dependent on the casual munificence of foreign States ; and in such an evil hour,' continued the knight, his mind straying from the contempla tion of his daughter's future to the memory of his own wrongs, 'Charles Stuart may re member the old puts who fouerht and' suffered for his father, and how scurvy a recompense they had for their services.' _ He reverted to Dentil's offer after a brief sileuce, Angela walking dutifully by his side, prepared to suffer any harshness upon his part without complaining. 'I love the young man and he would bo to me as a son,' he said; 'the comrade and support of my old age. I am poor, as the' world goes now ; have but just enough to live modestly in this retreat, where life costs but little. He is riqh and can give you a handsome seat near your sister's mansion and a house in London if you desire one ; less splendid, doubt less, than Fareham's palace on the Thames, but more befitting the habits and manners of an English gentleman^ wife. _ He can give you hounds and hawks, your riding-horses and your coach and six. What more, in God's name, can any reasonable woman desire ?' 'Only one thing, sir. To live my own life in peace as my conscience and my reason bid me. I canuot love Deuzil Warner, though of late 1 have grown to like and respect him as a friend and most intelligent companion. Your persis tence is fast changing friendship into dislike, and the very name of the man would speedily become hateful to me.' 'Oh, I have done,' retorted Sir John. 'I am no tyrant. You must take your own way, mistress. I can but lament that Providence gave me only two daughters, and one of them an arrant fool.' He left her in a huff, and had it not been for a stupendous event which convulsed town and country and suspended private interests and private quarrels in the excitement of public affairs she would have heard much more of his discontent. The Dutch ships were at Chatham. English men-of-war were blazing at the very mouth of the Thames and there was panic lest the triumphing foe shouldsail their warships up the river to London, besiege the Tower, relight the fire whose ashes were scarce grown cold, pillage, slaughter, destroy— as Tilly had de stroyed the wretched provinces in the religious war. Here in this sheltered haven, amidst 'green fields, under the lee of Brill, the panic and consternation were as intense as if the village of St. Nicholas were the one spot the Dutch would make for after landing; and, indeed, there were rustics who went to the placid scene where the infant stream rises in its cradle of reed and lily, half expectant of seeing uncouth Netherlandish vessels stranded among the rushes. The- Dutch fleet was at Chatham. Ships wore being sunk across the Medway to stop the invader. Sheerneas was to be fortified. London was in arms ; and Brill remembered its repulse of Hampden's regiment with a proud conscious ness of being invincible. The Dutch fleet saved Angela many a paternal, lecture, for Sir John rode pobt-haste towards London and did not return until the end of the month. In London he found Hyacinth, much dis turbed about her husband, who had gone as a volunteer with General Middleton and was in command of a cavalry regiment at Chat ham. ' I never saw him in such spirits as when he left me,' Lady Fareham told her father. 'I believe he is ever happiest when he breathes gunpowder.' Sir John's leave-taking had been. curt and moody, for his daughter's offence rankled deep in his mind ; and it was as much as he could do to command his anger oven in bidding her good-bye. 'Did I not tell you that we live in troubled times and that no man can foresee the coming of evil or how great our woes and distractions may be?:- he asked with a gloomy triumph. 'Who ever though t to hear De Ruyter'a guns at Sheerness or to see the Royal Charles led captive? Absit omen ! Who knows what destruction may come upon that other royal Charles, for whose safety we pray morning and night and who lolls across a basset-table, perhaps, with his wantons round him, while we are on our knees supplicating the Creator for him — who knows? We may have London in flames again, and a conflagration more fatal than the last, thou obstinate wench, boforo thou art a week older, and every able-bodied man called away from plough and pasture to serve the king and desolation and famine where now plenty smiles at us. And is this a time in which to refuse a valiant and wealthy protector, a lover as honest as ever God made, a pious conforming Christian of unsullied name, a young man after my own pattern, a fine horseman and a good farmer, one who loves a pack of hounds and a well-bred horse, - a flight of hawks and a match at bowls, better thau to give chase to a she-rake in the Mall pr to drink himself stark wad at a tavern in Covent Garden with debauchees from Whitehall?' Sir John prosed and grumbled to the last moment, but could not refuse to bend down from his saddle and kiss the fair pale face that looked at him in piteous deprecation at the moment of parting. 'Well, keep a brave heart, Mistress Wilful. Thou are safe here yet a while from Dutch marauders. _ I go but to find out how much truth there is in these panic rumors*' ' She begged him not to fatigue himself with boo long stapes and went back to the silent house thankful to be alone in herdespondoncy. 3he felt as if the last page, in her worldly life dad been written. She had to turn her thoughts- backward to that quiet retreat where there would at least be peace. She had pro mised her father that she would not return to the convent while he wanted her at homo. But ivas that promise to hold good if he were to jmbitter her life by urging her to a marriage ihat would only bring her unhap»ine33 ? She had ample leisure for thought in one summer day of a solitude so absolute that she X'gan to shiver in the sultry Stillness of after aoon, and scarce ventured to raise her eyes 'rom book or embroidery frame lest some shadowy presence, eome ghost out of -the dead -EFECT!VE QRIGif \- '? ' -? ? — ? .i . past should hover sear, watching her as she sat alone in scenes where that pale spirit had been living flesh. The thought of all who had lived and died in that house— men and women of her own race, whose qualities of mind and person she had inherited — oppressed herinthe long hours of silent reverie. Before -her fireb day of loneliness had ended her spirits bad sunk to deepest melancholy; and in that weaker condition of mmd she had beguhto ask herself whether she had any right to oppose her father's wishes by denying herself to a suitor whom she esteemed and respected* and whose filial affection would bring new sun* shine into that dear father's declining years. She had noted their manner to each otter during Denzil's protracted visit, and had seen, all the evidences of a warm regard on boilt sides. She had too complete a faith in Denzil's sterling worth, to question the reality of any feeling which his words and manner indicated. He was above all things a man of truth and honesty. . ? ' She was roaming about the gardens with her dog towards noon in the second day of her solitude when across the yew hedges she saw white clouds of dust rising from the high road and heard the clatter of hoofs and roll of wheela —a noise as of a troop of cavalry— whereat Ganymede barked himself almost into an apoplexy and rushed across the grass almost like a mad thing. A great cracking, of whips and sounds -of voices, horses galloping, horses trotting, dusfr enough to whiten all the hedges and green sward. Angela stood at gaze, wondering if: the Dutch were coming to storin the old house or the country militia coming to garrison 16. The Manor Moat was the destination of that clamous troop, whoever they were. Wheels and horses stopped sharply at the iron gate ia. front of the house and the bell began to ring furiously, while other dogs, with voices that resembled Ganymede's, answered his shrill bark with even shriller yelpings. Angela ran towards the gate and was near enough to see it opened to admit three black and-tan spaniels and one slimperRonage in along' flame-colored brocatelle gown and a large beaver hat, who approached with, stately movements, a small pert nose held high, and rosy upper lip curled in patrician disdain of common things, while a fan of peacock's plumage that flashed sapphire and emerald in the fierce noonday sun was waved slowly, before the dainty face, scattering the tremulous life of summer that buzzed and fluttered in the sultry air. In the rear of this brilliant figure appeared a middle-aged person in a grey Bilk gown and ? hood, a negro page in the Fareham's livery, a waiting- woman, and a tall lackey, so many being the necessary adjuncts of the Honorable Henriette Maria Revel's state when she went abroad. Angela ran to receive her niece with a cry of rapture and the tall slip of a girl in the flame colored frock was clasped to her aunt's heart : with a ruthless disregard of the beaver hat and cataract of ostrich plumage. 'Prends garde d'abimer mon chapeau, p'tite tante,' cried Henriette, ''tis one of Lewin's' Nell Gwyn hats and cost twenty guineas without the buckle, which I stole out of father's shoes t'other day. His lordship is so careless about his clothes that he wore the' shoos two days and never knew there was a ; buckle missing and those lazy devils his ser-1 vants never told him. I believe they meant to rook him of t'other buckle.' 'Chatterer, chatterer, how happy I am to see thee ! But is not your mother with you ?' ' Her ladyship is in London. Everybody of importance is scampering off to London ; and no doubt will be rushinp back to the country again if the Dutch take the Tower, but I don't think they will while my father is able to raise a regiment.' ' And mademoiselle,' with a curtsey to the. lady in grey, ' has brought you all this long way through the heat to see me ?' .' I have brought mademoiselle,' Henrietta answered contemptuously, before the French woman had finished the moue and the shrug which with her ever preceded speech, 'and- a fine plague I had to make her come.' 'Madame will conceive that in miladi's absence it was a prodigious inconvenience to order two coaches and travel so far. His lordship's groom of the chamber is my witness that I protested against such an outrageous proceeding.' ' Two coaches !' exclaimed Angela. ' A coach and six for me and my dogs and my gouvernate and a coach and four for my people,' exclaimed Henriette, who had modelled her equipage and suite upon a reminiscence of the train which attended Lady Castlemaine's visit to Chilton as beheld from a nursery window. 'Come, child, and you, mademoiselle, must be needing refreshment after so long a drive.' 'Our progress through a perpetual cloud of dust and a succession of narrow lanes did indeed suggest the torments of purgatory ; but the happiness of madame s ? gracious, welcome is an ill-sufficient compensation for our fatigue,' mademoiselle replied with a deep curtsey. ' I was not tired in the least. We stopped', at the Crown at Thame and- had strawberries and milk.' 'You had strawberries and milk, nion enfant. I have a digestion which will not allow such liberties.' 'And our horses were baited and our. people had their morning drink,' said Henriette, with her grown-up air. 'One ought always to remember cattle and servants. May we put up our horses with you, auntie? We must leave you soon after dinner, so as to be at Chilton by sunset, or mademoiselle will b% afraid of highwaymen ; though I told Samuel and Peter to bring their blunderbusses in case- of an attnek. Ma'am selle has no valuables and at the worst I should but have to give them my diamond buckle and my locket with his lord ship's portrait.' Angela's cheeks flushed at that chance allusion to Farebam's picture. It brought back a vision of the convent parlor aud she standing there with Fareham s miniature in her hand, wonderingly contemplative of the- dark strong face. At that stage of her life she had seen so few men's faces ; and this one had a power in it that startled her. Did5 3he divine, by some supernatural foreknow; Ledge, -that this face held the. secret of her destiny? She went to the house with Henrietta's lissom form hanging upon her a.nd the grey [joverness tripping mincingly beside them, tottering a little upon her high heels. Old Reuben had crept out into the sunshine, with a rustic footman following him, and the 200k was looking out at a window in the wing where kitchen and servants' hall occupied as important a position as the dining parlor and saloon on the opposite side. A hall with open roof $ wide double staircase and music gallery, tlA?-. . . . .- filled the central space between the two pro . iecting wings and at the back there was a banqueting chamber or ballroom', where in its prosperous days the family had been accus tomed to dine on all stately occasions— a room now shabby and grey with disuse. While the footman showed the way to the stables' Angela drew Reuben aside for a brief consultation as to ways and means for a dinner that must be the best the house could provide and served at 2 o'clock, the later hour giving time for extra preparation. A capon larded after the French fashion, a pair of trouts the finest the stream could furnish, or a carp stewed in clary wine, and as many 6weet kickshaws as cook's ingenuity could furnish at so brief notice. Nor were waiting-woman, lackey, and postilions to be neglected. Chine and 5?'loin, pudding and beer must be pro vided for all. ' There are six men beside the black boy,' sighed Reuben ; ' they will devour ua a week's provision of butcher's meat.' 'If you have done your housekeeping, tante, let mo go to your favorite summer-house with you and tell you my secrets. I am perishing' lor a tete-a-tete ! Ma'mselle,' with a wave of the peacock fan, 'can take a siesta and forget the dust of the road while we converse.' Angela ushered mademoiselle to the pretty eummcr parlor looking out upon a geometrical arrangement of flower-beds in the Dutch manner. Chocolate and other light refresh ments were being prepared for the travellers ; but Henrietta's impatience would wait for nothing. ' I have not driven along these detestable roads to taste your chocolate,' she protested, 'I have a world to say to you ; en, attendant, mademoiselle, you will consider everything at your disposition in the house of my grand father, jiisqu' a deux heures.' She sank almost to the ground in a White hall curtsey, rose swift as an arrow, tucked her arm through Angela's and pulled her out of the room, paying no attention to the gover ness's voluble injunctions not to expose her complexion to the sun, or to sit in a cold wind, or to spoil her gown. 'What a shabby old place it is !' she said, looking critically round her as they went through the gardens. 'I'm afraid you must perish with ennui here with so few servants and no company to speak of. 'Yes,' con templating her shrewdly, as they seated them selves in a stone temple at the end of the bowline-green, 'you are looking moped and ill. This valley air does not agree with you. Well, you can have a much finer place when ever you choose. A better house and garden, ever so much nearer Chilton. And you will choose, won't you, dearest ?' nestling close to her, after throwing off the big hat which made Buch loving contact impossible. 'I don't understand you, Henriette.' ' If you call mo Henriette I shall be sure you are angry with me.' ? ' No, love, not angry, only surprised.' ' You think I havo no right to talk of your sweetheart because I am only thirteen and have scarce left off playing with babies— I have haited them for ages, only people persist in giving me the foolish puppets. I know more of the world than you do, auntie, after being shut in a convent the best part of your life. Why are you so obstinate, ma cherie, in re fusing a gentleman we all like?' ' Do you mean Sir Denzil ?' 'Sansdoute. Have you a crowd of ser vants?' 'No, child, only this one. But don't you see that other people's liking has less to do with the question than mine ? And if I do not like him well enough to be his wife ? ' 'But you ought to like him. You know how long her ladyship's heart has been set on the match; you must have seen what pains she took in London to have Sir Denzil always about you. And now after a most exemplary patience, after being your ?faithful servant for over a, year, he ask6 you to be his wife and you refuse, obstinately refuse. And you would rather tnope here with my poor old grand father — in abject poverty — mother says 'abject poverty'— than be the honored mis tress of one of the finest seats in Oxford Bhire.' 'I would rather do what is right and honest, my dearest. It is dishonest to marry without love.' 'Then half mother's fine friends must be dishonest, for I dare swear that very few of them love their husbands.' 'Henriette, you talk of things you don't know.' 'Don't know! Why there is no one in London knows more. I am always listening and I always remember. De Malfort used to say I had a plaguey long memory when I told him of things he had said a year ago.' 'My dear, I love yon fondly, but I cannot have you talk to me of what you don't under stand ; and I am sorry Sir Denzil Warner had no more courtesy than to go and complain of me to my sister.' ' He did not come to Chilton to complain. Her ladyship met him on the way from Oxford in her coach. He was riding and she called to him to come to the coach door. It was the day after he left you and he. was looking miserable ; and she questioned him and he owned that his suit had been rejected an'd he had no further hope. My mother came home in a. rage. But why was she angry with his lordship ? Indeed, she rated him as if it were his fault you refused Sir Denzil.' Angela sat silent and the hand Henriette 'Was clasping grew cold as ice. 'Did my father bid you to refuse him, aunt?' asked the girl with those dark grey eyes, so like Fareham in their falcon bright ness. - 'No, child. Why should he interfere? It is no business of his.' ' Then why was my mother so angry ? She walked up aud_ down the room in a towerinjr passion. ' This is your doing,' she cried. ' If she were not your adoring slave she would have jumped at so handsome a sweetheart. This is your witchcraft. It iB you she loves — you — you — you !' His lordship stood dumb and pointed to me. ' Do you forgot your child is present? lie said. 'I forget everything except that everybody uses me shamefully,' she cried. ' I was only made to be slighted and trampled upon.' His lordship made no answer, but walked to the door in that way he ever has when ho is angered — pale— frowning — silent. I was standing in his way and he gripped me l-y the arm and dragged me out of the room. I dare venture there is a bruise on my arm whore he held me. I know his fingers hurt me with their grip ; and I could hear my lady screaming and sobbing as he took me away. But ho would not let me go back to her. He would only send her women. * Your mother has an interval of madness,' he said ; * you are best out of her presence.1 The news ' of the Dutch ships .came the same evening and my father rode off towards London and my mother ordered her coach and followed an hour after. -Tbe^' seemed both distracted' and £-nly because you/refused SipTtehzil.' 'I canntit help her ladyship's foolishness, Papillon. She has no occasion for any of this trouble. I am her dutiful, affectionate sister, but my heart is not hers to give or to refuse.' ' But was it indeed my father's fault? . Is it because you adore him that you refused Sir Denzil f 'No— no— no. My'affeotion for my brother —he has been to me as a brother — can make no difference in my Tegard for anyone else. One cannot fall in love at another's ordering or be happy with a husband of another's choice. You will discover that for yourself, Papillon, perhaps, when you-are-a woman.' 'Oh, I mean tp many for wealth and station, as all the clever women do,' said Papillon with an upward jerk of her delicate chin. 'Mrs. Lewin always says I ought to be a duchess. I should like to have married the Duke of Monmouth and then, who knows, I might have been a queen. The king's other sons are too young for me and they will never have Monmout.h's chance. But, indeed, sweet heart, you ought to marry Sir Denzil and come and live near us at Chilton. You would make us all happy.' 'Ma tres chere,- it is so easy to talk, but when thou thyself art a woman ? ' 'I shall never care for such trumpery as love. I mean to have a grand house — ever so much grander than Fareham House. Perhaps I may marry a Frenchman and have a salon, and all the wits about me on my day. I w.ould make it gayer than Mademoiselle de Scudery's Saturdays, which my governess so loves to talk of. There should l-e less talk and more dancing. . But listen, p'tite tante,' clasping her arms suddenly round Angela's neck, 'I won't leave this spot till you have promised to change you mind about Denzil. I iike him vastly ! and I'm sure there's no reason why you should not love him— unless you are really his lordship's adoring slave,' emphasising those last words, 'and he has forbidden you.' Angela sat dumb, her eyes fixed on vacancy. ' Why, you are like the lady in those lines, you made me learn, who 'sat like patience on a monument, smiling at grief.' Dearest, why so sad ? Remember that fine house — and the dairy that was once a chapel. You could turn it into a chapel again if you liked and have your own chaplain. His Majesty takes no heed of what we papists do — being a papist himself at heart they say— though poor wretches are dragged off to. gaol for worshipping in a con venticle. What is a conventicle? Will you not change your mind, dearest? Answer, answer, answer.' The slender arms tightened thejr caress, the pretty little brown face pressed itself against Angela's pale cold cheek. 'For my sake, sweetheart, say thou wilt have him. I will go to see thee every day.' 'I havo been here for months anchyou have not come, though I begged you in' a dozen letters.' 'I have- been kept at my book and my dancing lessons. Mademoiselle told her lady ship that I was a monster of ignorance. I have been treated shamefully. I could not have come to-day had my lady been at home ; but I would not _ stoop to a hireling's dictation. Voyous, p'tite tante, tu ser,as miladi Warner. Dis, dis, que je te fasse mourier de baisers.' She was almost stifliner her aunt with kisses in the intervals of her eager speech. ' The last word has been spoken, Papillon. I have sent him away — and it was not the first time. I has refused him before. I cannot call him back.' ' But he shall come without calling. He is your adoring slave, ' cried Henriette, leaping up from the stone bench and clapping her hands iu an ecstacy. ' He will need no calling. Dearest, dearest, most excellent adorable auntie. I am so happy. And my mother will be content. And no one shall ever say you are my father's slave.' ''Henriette, if you repeat that odious word I shall hate you. ' 'Now you are angry. Gud, what a frown. I will repeat no word that angers you. My Lady Warner — sweet Lady Warner. I vow 'tis a prettier name than- Revel or Farebam.' 'YJou are mad, Henriette. I have promised nothing.' ? - ' Yes, you havo, little aunt. You have pro mised to drop a curtsey and say ' Yes,' when Sir Denzil rides this way. You sent him away in a huff. He will come back smiling like yonder sunshine on the water. Oh, 1 am so happy ! My doing, all my doing.' ' It is useless to argue with you.' ' Quite useless. 11 n'y a pas de quoi. Nous sommes d'accord. I shall be your chief brides maid. You must be married in her Majesty's chapel at St. James's. The Pope will give his dispensation— if you cannot persuade Denzil to change his religion. Were lie my suitor I would twist him round my fingers,' with an airy gesture of the small brown hand. There is nothing more difficult than to con vince a child that she pleads iu vain for any ardently desired object. Nothing that Angela could say would reconcile her niece to the idea of failure ; so there was no help but to let her fancy her arguments conclusive and to change the bent of her thoughts if possible. It wanted nearly an hour off dinner- time, so Angela suggested an inspection of the home farm, which was close by, trusting that Hen riette's love of animals would afford an all sufficient diversion ; nor was she disappointed, for the little fine lady was quite as much at home in stable and cowshed as in a London drawing-room and spent a happy hour in making friends with the live stock, from the favorite Hereford cow, queen of the herd, to the smallest bantam in the poultry-yard. To this rustic entertainment followed dinner, in the preparation of which banquet Marjory Cook had surpassed herself; and Papillon, being by this time seriously hungry, sat and feasted to her heart's content, discussing the marrow pudding and the stewed carp with the acumen and authority of a professed gourmet. ' I like this old-fashioned rustic diet,' she said condescendingly. She reproached her governess with not doing justice to a syllabub, but showed herself a fine lady by her complaint at the lack of ice for her wine. 'My grandfather should make haste and build an ice-house before next winter,' she drawled. ' One can scarce live through this weather without ice,' fanning herself with ex cessive languor. ' I hope, dear, thou wilt not expire before arriving at Chilton.' The coaches were at the gate before Papillon had finished dinner and mademoiselle was in great haste to be gone, reminding her pupil that she had travelled so far against her will and at the hazard of angering Madame la Baronne. ' Madame la Baronne will be enraptured LCTiVE OBiGSNAI when she knows what I have done to please her,' answered Papillon, and then, with a last parting embrace, hugging her aunt's fair neck more energetically than ever, she whispered, 'I shall tell Denzil. You will make us all happy.' (To be continued. ) 