ABOUT RINGS, A Tins' has 3?v*ays been asa'ocl-ited with marriages frnm time' imnveraor* able. The bard stags of his loVa for his "fair ladye" being as "endless? as the ring." The engagement ring Is, perhaps, the most genuinely interest ing bit of Jewellery a Woman can wear, and then there is always the strong possibility of her having a variety, though as an emblem of marriage It was not introduced by She Christian church, as many suppose. Before the introduction of coinage. The only circulation of lsgyptian gold was in cae1 form of rings',- and the Egyptian, at liis marriage, placed one of these* rings of gold on his bride’s finger, as a token of entrusting her with all'his prop-my. In our marriage* cere mony we but follow this custom*. Seme of th» birthday rings are* won derfully unique, the various lucky stench being sr»t lightly on tiny wive* of gold. Friendship rings are less popu lar than of yr/re, though occasionally" one sees them worn' by a loyal devotes of the pretty ofd' custom. The lover's* knot Is the most common, being eitlivr* in silver'?;** gold and' very slender. The Fe-Je ring present;, several fea tures of Interest, being composed off two fiat Hoops, accurately fitting eacn: within the other, and'kept in place byr a corres])oijding projection on either ex— Ureme edge, so that the two Torm. to alS • appearance, one body. j A name is engraved' on each, or Tine of. a...dicT£ich in ..olUV Firmcrkrr idea being, should tlie two-frl>n<3s~sepa— Hite. each could wear a stogie hoop fas they arc easily separated), and thus be a means of"recognition* when again compared. The quaint, nhl-time hail" rings arc no longer seen; their oddity was more• noteworthy than* tlieir beauty: they" are "heirlooms" in every sense. It would seem odd'in so smalt a’ tFiing as the wearing- of gold rings; yet in the olden days there wen* various'laws held by the Homans as to the-wearing of these jewelled baubles. Tiberto made a large property qualification nocessary to tlitor wearing: the right was' giver to old Homan soldiers hy Sevems. The only ornaments worn by th’e- knights under Augustus were'ancient rings of iron, which were later held as a' badge of servitude, an express decree of the State being necessary to rightfully wear a solid gold ring. Ambassadors to foreign missions'were invested with golden circles as a mark of great respectability: these were is sued by the treasury with much cere mony, not even the senators being* al lowed to wear tbem'in private*life. The earliest use of rings and the form i which they most generally took' was | of the nature of a signet, and'was used ; to give authenticity to documents- be I fore the art of writing was known to ar.y but professional scribes. But they soon became symbols of power and au thority. and we remember the Duke in Twelfth Night sent his ring by Viola- to his mistress Olivia, as a token that all power was designated to the holder of the ring. This signet was used'by mer chants as their own private mark, equi valent to our trade mark. and. more over, was the only form rings took for a very long period.’ A form of signets introduce*.! into Egypt to the - Etrus cans was a gold swivel ring, mount ed with a scarab: A curious form of ring found In Greek tombs are for the. dead, a pro vision never made in these days; they are hollow and light, and set with round convex pastes; many of these were so thin that it was necessary to fill them with mastic varnish to pre serve their shape. Poison was inserted ’ in the hollow rings of the Romans. A story, is relat ed by Pliny that after the golden sure ?iru3 bet-n stolen 'by' Cnwcua' rrom' under the stone of tlieCapifoline, Jupi ter. the custodian, to escape torture, broke the gem of his Tins' in his mouth; expiring: immediately from the effects of the poison secreted in it. A curious ring: of Venetian -work manship (and one which could only have been worn on ceremonial occas ions) is the Jewish wedding ring- of the sixteenth and seventeenth centu ries. being: an elaborate structure. The bezel bearing a conventional" represen tation of tlie ark. a temple with in scriptions in Hebrew characters on either side. A. hig-hly elaborate form of Jewish' wedding- ring has projecting- sockets, from which hang small rings, a very cumbersome finger ornament. The cost of these rings must have been great, not only from the amount of metal used, but the exquisite work manship. on which account one would' have been loth to see them consigned to the melting pot, as did the women o£ Prussia during the war of liberation in ISIS. who. in lack of other coin, contri buted their wedding rings, receiving in: return those made of iron, bearing the legend, “fell gebe geld fur eisern.” The puzzle rings are ingeniously con trived. the four hoops comprising the ring being separate, and fall to pieces when removed from the finger. These were the work of the old Indian gold smiths. Much of beauty and symbol ism is shown in tli.; peasant ring's. Innocent III., in 1191. settled the fash ion of the episcopal ring, who ordain ed that it should be one of gold and set with one precious stone, on which no thing was to be cut. The annular fin ger of the right hand is the one to bear this singularly symbolic orna ment. and bishops never wear more than one. though the portrait of Pope Julius rf. is represented as wearing According to DurandUs. the Episco pal ring was symbolical of perfect fide lity, of the duty of sealing and reveal ing. and, lastly, of the gift of the Holi Ghost. A massive ring of bronze gilt, the square bezel ibeng set with a green chalcedony and emblazoned with St. Marks in relief, on each side of the shoulders shields of arms, repesents a. papal ring of the fifteenth century, and. was given by popes to new-made cardi Another most interesting ring was the property of Alliastan. bishop of She borne, and was found at Llvsfaen. in the north-east part of Carnarvonshire, in 1773. It is gold, and very massive, the hoop being formed of eight divi sions. alternately circular and lozenge shaped. nielloed and inscribed “Alheta.” A ring, said to have been given by Charles I. to Bishop Juxon on the dav of his execution, has the sentiment, ‘‘Rather death than fals faytli,” en graved on its bezel. Palstaff boasts that In his youth he was "slender enough to creep into any alderman’s ring." which shows that this style is dated from the fourteenth to the seventeenth: centuries. Everyone knows of the poison ring of Demosthe- * nes, and the one by which Hannibal killed himself, with its hollow bezel fill ed with deadly poison. A ring used as a charm to ward off disease, and worn by the South Ger mans of the sixteenth century, is quaintly set with three wolves’ teeth, the shoulders chased with two roses in • xsew xurK. iuiui unu express. Whatever trouble*? Arinin had. Xo man could malce him sore tty saying. when he told a jest. The right sort of cow in full pro , duction will consume six times her own I weight of green fodder every week, and give six times her own weight of milk I every season. . _ 