THE COLONEL’S DAUGHTER. PART I.—THE FORESHADOWING. BY JOHN STRANGE WINTER. Homburg in the very height of the Besson, and I sitting alone in a room on the first floor of Ritter's Hotel. For years past I had not known what it was to feel as I felt that day —restless, nervons, ill at ease, thankful to be alone. I could settle to nothing. I went from the windows overlooking the green, smiling park, to the tabled from the table to the sofa, from the sofa to the gandy pier glass which deoked the apology for a fire plaoe. It was a handsome room bb hotel rooms go, and my people had spread various be longings of my own here and there, so as to make it look more like the rooms of my own home, that home in the stately oastle in Styria whioh oalled me mistress. These, together with tail palms and many fragrant flowers, seemed to almost hide the native garishness of the original room. I stopped at. last in front of the glass—what a hideons glass it was, and the face that looked book at me from it was the faoe of a ghost. Was it really me? I drew a long breath and pressed the. palms of my hands hard againßt my throbbing temples. Yes—but who wae I ? who was I ? That was the question. Ah 1 There was somebody at last. The door opened and Frans, my own aer -tant. entered softly. ‘A gentleman is_en quiring for Madame la Prinoesse,’ he said quietly, ‘Lord Clovelly. Does Madame la Prinoesse receive this morning?’ It was only by an immense effort that I was able to shake my nerves into something like their usual order again and to answer Franz as if it were no more than an ordinary visitor. ‘ Oh, yes, Franz, I will see Lord Clovelly. You oan bring him here.’ As the door olosed noiselessly behind the servant I turned back to the window again. Oh, what a struggle it was to force the work ing mnscteß of my face into their usual calm lines, to stop that horrible trembling of my nnder-jaw, to fight against the feeling of deadly faintness that was creeping over me. Then I heard. the door open again, and Franz’s well-trained voioa said, ' Lord Olo velly.’ It was a minute or two before I oould turn rounds Before me Btood a man, tall, erect, soldierly, soarce come to middle-age. He was deeply brODzed, and his eyes were very blue. It was the face ofone whom for years I had thought of as dead—it was a faoe come back to me from another world. I went a step or so to meet him, but it was a speechless woman who stood facing him. As for Lord Clovelly, he held out two trem bling hands—‘ Oh, Doremy, Doremy,’ he cried, in a voice of the keenest augui«h, ‘have you oothiog, nothing to say to me ?’ 