A LAST CHANCE. TN*R respectable and hoary relic of antiquity, the Fremantle Chamber of Commerce, has awakened from its usual state of somnolence for the purpose of grinding the Fremantle axe in -the matter of the Menzies Railway. At a meeting of that body held on Tuesday, over which the inevitable Bateman presided, " attention was drawn " (say 3 our telegram) "to the necessity of speedy action in connection with the movement for requesting the Government to keep to the promise made by the Premier that the question of the rival railway routes to Menzies should be submitted to a select I'ommittec of both Houses of Parliament. The secretary reported that he had that morning telegraphed to the various bodies interested in the starting of the line from Southern Cross," asking them to request their representatives in the Legislative Assembly to support au amendment to refer the matter to a select committee. Messrs. Kidsou, Higham, Solomon, and others expressed themselves strongly in favor of the line being started from Southern Cross, and of the question being thrashed out by the committee. A telegram from Menzies was also read by the chairman, showing that the merchants and others in that town supported a route from Southern Cross. Mr. Kidton moved that the secretary should write to the various bodies to which he Lad telegraphed, asking them to request their Parliamentary representatives to support the amendment which would be introduced into the House fv the question of the Menzies railway. This was seconded by Mr. Alexander, and carried,"' This action, as above delineated, is part and parcel of the movement for making ali roads lead to Fremantle—or its twin sister and accomplice Perth —wluch appears to be the central plank ,of the cl-'que whose narrow-minded and selfish counsels are allowed to influence the Government, and of which the blasting effects have already been felt in more than one portion of the colony ; and although-in this instance unlikely to be successful, seeing that the Government has publicly set its course in favor of Ralgoorlie, there is a hint to be drawn from the Fremantle agitation, which should be accepted with promptitude by the Coolgardians. That hint may bo embodied in the words, " When thieves fall out honest men come to their rights." If the rival Kalgoorl'e and Fremantle parties in the House fa'l foul of one another there is just a possibility that the few friends of Coolgardie who write the magic letters M.P. after their names may be enabled to make their voices heard in the House to some effect. At any rate the unexpected evidences of vitality in the Southern Cross movement should serve to convince us that there is no need to give up the ghost, even at this—the eleventh hour of the day, and that the battle, though it has gone hard against us, is not yet over. We have published extracts from leading articles in the Menzies papers, which expressed plainly the bitter disappointment experienced there when the decision of the Government in favour of Kal- goorlie became known, and indicated that a railway to suit the interests of Menzies should start from Coolgardie. This attitude of the local papers, together with information received of a private nature, scat "era to the four winds of Heaven the assertion made at the Chamber of Commerce meeting in Fremantle, that a large proportion cf the Menzies -people were in favour of the Southern Cross route. In favouring Coolgardie the Menzies people are by no means pursuing an isolated line of policy, for every ceutre from Broad Arrow to Menzies has expressed its 6troDg disapproval of the decision of the Cabinet. A meeting of the Coolgardie Railway League will be held this evening for the 1 purpose of discussing the situation, and it is to be hoped that the new phase of the question, brought about by the incursion of the Fremantle party into the domain of practical politics, will be kept prominently in view. 