CURRENT NEWS. A number of tenders far publio works were accepted yesterday by ihe Government. None were of local interest. The Civil Service Board is now devoting. attentiote to the D partmsnts of Mines, Agriculture, and Justice, and the Postal and Telegraph offices. Mr. Griffith, M P., is preparing a bill to extend the franchise to women, and he pro. poses to submit the measure during the com ing session of Parliament Certain colliery proprietors refused to sell coal at 9s 6d per ton yesterday, preferring to hold back for better prices. It is now almost impossible to obtain cargoes. The intimation published yesterday that the miners in the southern district were about to demand an increased hewing rate is verified by a telegram from Wollongong. An old man named Timothy York was admitted to the Parramatta District Hos pital from Seven Hills on Saturday afternoon, and died about two hours after admission. The East Greta miners resumed work ye terday, having been given an extra is, maliog their wages Os poer day. The wheelers have been given aun advance of Gd and the boys an advance of 3d. After signing an agreement to accept an increased yardage rate the Gartlee miners refused to work yesterday; Mr. Sneddon threatens to elose the pit if he cannot have the advantage of the strike trade. A report that Mr. Charles Cowper was about to retire from the position of sherief, and would probably be placed in the Legisla tive Council, is denied by the gentleman him self, who oharactarisos the rumour as " utter nonsense." "I was invited to enter," said a witness at the Polio- Court yesterday, "and when I did I got hit on the jaw, and had to eat soft food for three days. They also beat me with an iron last " As usual, this trouble oc curred in a neighbours' quarrel. The miners at the Pacific Colliery, which is worked on Co-operative principles, have demanded a hewing rate of 3s 6d per ton in aeon dance with the 1888 agreement. The hewing rate was increased from 2s to 2s Gd a week ago. The pit may be idle to-day. The American schoener Golden 8hore ar rived outside the Heads yesterday and was ordered away to Puget Sound in ballast. She had intended loading with 1100 tons of Dukroufield coal. 'Ihe departure of the vessel has been delayed owing to the illness of the captain. In the Police Court case Gilbert v. Mil lard, for alleged embezzlement, decided on Saturday. the Bench, on the application of Mr. Harris, presecutor's attorney, erdered the 6s 6d which acensed had produced from his boots, and the 25s found in his purse, to b3 refunded to Mr. Gilbert, his employer. About 60 miners turned up at Now Lamb ton yesterday in response to the whistle blown on Saturday, but none w'ro prepared to accept work against the wish of the executive officers of the Miners' Association. The result is that the pit is to be cloced down and the horses sent back to the paddock. A man named '[homas Gresham, residing at Queen-street, Paddington, was kicked by a horse on Sun?ay, receiving injuries which resulted in his death shortly afterwards. Deceased was endeavouring to .catch a horse in a paddock off Oxf rd-street. He wasim mediately behind the animal, when it kicked him in the abdomen. He was removed to his residence and medical aid summoned, but it wa.ns unavailing. Speaking at Juneo Mr. Lypo, the leader of the Opposition, declared that at the last election there were 71,000 Protectionist votes, 69,000Freetrade votes, and 20,000 Labour of the 20,000 Labaur votes 15,000 were Protectionist, so that there were recorded 86.000 Protectionist votes as against 74,000 Freetrade votes. If there was any doubt about the mandate of the country, he chal lenged Mr. Reid and his Ministry to come before the country, when he .(Mr. Lyno) would fight Mr. Reid in any eon'tituenoy down south. In accordanee with the resolution arrived at in the last WVesleyan Conference that all grants in aid of circuits should be prospec tive, with the object of making cirouit more eelf-reliant, and to discourage as far as pos sible the system of cirouit overdrafts, the committee of the Chureh Sustentation Society has made the folliwing amongst other grants for the year. The emount distributed totals close on £2000, and 68 circuits share in the distribution :--Eest Maitland, £10; Walls. end, £24; Muawellbrook, £50; Murrurundi, £40; Dnngog, £25. A fire occurred on Saturday on board the ship Roes-shire, lying alongside Grafton Wharf, Sydney. The outbreak occurred shortly before 2 o'clock in the morning on the port side, 'tween decks, and near the main hateh. It started amongst some empty bags and sacks, end how it originated is at precent a mystery. The sides of the ship became so heated that the water hissed along side the vo.essel. lhs outbreak was extin guishid within 20 minutes 'of the discovery, but it is expected that a good doal of damage was done to the cargo of wheat in the ship. A wellknown tailoring firm in the city, with rather a long list of unsatisfactory clients residing in different towns in the north, declared war against them and cams into the Petty Debts Court yesterday to en deavdur to recover amounts due to them. To their surprise, however, the firm found that they would have to either proceed against the people in the place where the orders were received or have the traveller who received the orders in attendance as a witness to prove that the orders were not ratified until fney were sent to Newvcastle. At the meeting of the Newcastle Council last night a letter was read from a Mr. J. H. Davis complaining of a preacher who had made himself obnoxious to the writer by the manner he coremented on certein public men. The inspector, Mr. Lloyd. said that the mau addressed. meetings in Hunter-street, and had made use of very seditious language on Friday night, and was 'really a nuisance. Alderman Timbury was very severe on the man, and after a number of very uncompli mentary things had been said, a resolution was passed authorising the inspector to put the .bylaw in operation, which dealt with persons who':oaused obstructions in the streets. Though itiwas not proved at Saturday's inquest that Captain Thaie met his death by being oaught by a .passing train, the fact remeins'that the level crossing at Market street,is a source of very great danger to pedestrians. Drivers of vehicles are pro teoted by the closing of the gates, but persons running to catch a ferry boat see nothing to warn them of an approashing engine. Only yesterday a y~ug man jumped hurriedly off a tram, and was jest able to pull himself clear of the passing meil train by reason of his not havi~g release'1 his grip on the post. Surely if the authorities cannot put up an overhead bridge, they can at least afford wicket gates, which by'the' attendant simply pulling a lever will remain fast when the trains are passing. The Minister for Edusation has returned to Sydney from his tour through the Glouces ter distriot. At Strond, on the way back, Mr. Garrard hold a conference with the Church end School Land tenants, in re ference to the draft Amending Chnrsh and Sohool Lands Bill. Mr. R. A. Price, M.P, who introduced the deputation. pointed out that a sonsiderable amount of improvements' had been effected on the estate, and that it •was only fair that tenant-rights' should be given to the persons at prasent on the lend, and that the appraisement should he based on the value of the land irrespective of the tenants' improvements. The fencing clauses' were eln" dealt'with, and the clauses dealing with the impounding and trespassing of stokl :also the, queotion of .timber licenses. Mr. Oarrard, in reply,. stated that he was desirous of. passing a measure which would meet with the .approvel of.all, classes, and be fair bath to the State and the tenants. He would look into the matter submitted'to him, and do what heeonseidered right. At Katoomba yesterday two bakers named Stedman and Smith wore summoned for soll ing short-weight bread. ltodmanwas fined £8, and Smith £16. Since operations were commenced at Bay. ley's Reward claim at Coolgardie, gold to the value of £214.6a9 7s 64 has been won. Of this amount £li6,000 hr.s been paid in divi dends. There were great rejoicings at Laneaster on the occasion of a visit by the Dnke and Doehees of York for the purpose of opening a new infirmary, which had been erected at a cost of £27,000. At the Sydney Water Police Court yester day Charles Yates, age 16, apprentice, for deserting from the eh~p Greesendole at New castle on the 28th ultimo, was sentenced to be imprisoned for eight days with hard labour. The general move eaid to be in contempla tion to stop work at all the pits was pr otti cilly commenced yesterday, when ape ation were either suspended or threatened with suspension at the Gartlee, Pacific, Cardiff, and New Lambton mines. "Disk," Junction, aeke if it is necessary for the Premier of England to represent a constituency. No. The Marquis of 8alis bury. the present Premier, is a member of the House of Lords, as was also Lord Rosc bery Premier in the laet Imperial Ministry. Following the usual custom, a repreoents. tive of the N'ewcastl .BHeref yesterday went off to H.M.S. Karrakatta. Owing, however, to the scant courtesy shown in refusing to allow the press representative on board the vensel, it was impossible to learn asy par. tioulars of the programme of the warship during her stay in port. The Chief Justice in the Full Court yes. terday intimated that in consequeneo of Mr. Justice Innes' illness r eoeePitating his leaving the colony before giving judgment in the oase of Reynolds and others versus the North Qu&eensland; Insurance Company, it would now be necessary to re-argue the matter. The Sydney Coroner has received intima tion of the deathof Mrs. Ilizabeth Lawrence, age 69, a widow, who resided at Canterbury Mrs. Lawrence had been ill, and wes taking some powders. The police state they have ascertained that a wreng powder was given to her by mistake. Death took place on Saturday evening. There were 11 police cases at the Court yesterday, none of which, however, were very important. A seaman named Ander son was severely punished by a fine of £6, in defautt two months' impri'oement, for as saulting'Constable Dean, comfeoling that offcer to liberate a prisoner whom he had arrested on Saturday evening. A frightful railway accident occu red on the Silverton tramway line • Broken Hill, on Saturday. An employee of the company named William Inaen was engaged on the trucks of a train, when he slipped, and the trucks passed over his. boly His leRr and arm were severed, the leg b?,ing cut off near the hips. His etomanh was also torn open His recovery is impossible. The Full Court yesterday granted rules nisi for new trials in the suit of Henry v. Barringer, which was an action in regard to cheques, and in which a verdict was given for the defendant; alao, in the matter of the Attorney.General v. Orient Steam Naviga. tion Company. which was an action in respeat to wharfage dues, and in which a verdict went for the plaintiff. The latest ghost story comes from the North of England. It appears that the in habitants of Bolden Colliery, near Sunder land, are much excited owing to a belief that Hedworth Church is haunted. It is stated that a ghost-like figure appears regularly on one of the church windows Th., fiunre has now been seen for over a month, and is said to reremble a former vicar Replying to a letter from tI-o Duke of Argyll on the need of further financial succour for the distressed Armenians, Mr Gladstone, after recognising the energy and assiduity shown on behalf of the fund, says he hopes that the deplorable and ignominious failure of Europe in its duties to the East will not diminish the force of the present appeal to the sentiment of Christian pity. A giant oak was cut down in the forest of Chatellerault, Frnace lastmonth. 'Fhetreewas calculated to be more than 600 years old. the village records speaking to the authenticPy of the claim. It covered an asa of 700 tquare yards, and when cut down furnished 152 huge faggots of wood, 26 square yards of wood for building and otheF-purpoeo~, and 81 square yards of firewood. The circ m ference of the trunk was 20 feet An elderly man named Thb-mae Lee pleade not guilty at the Central Criminal Court yes terday to an indictment charging him with having at Sydney, on March 12. maliciously wou,.;ded Augustus Caesar. On the date mentioned it was stated, on behalf of th,, Crown, the accused and prosecutor had a dis pute in Princes.etreet over some old rags which had been taken out of a dirt box on the pavement. Cicear appears to have seowe Leo, and the latter retaliated by striking tJo former several times on the arm with a t/ble knife, which he was carrying, and inflijted serious injories. The case had not concluded when the Court rose. MIrs. Chose, who has been arrested at Born. hay on a charge of poisoning her/husband, the Rev. B. C. Chose, is alloccd to have had an intrigue with a niatiee Chrihtian named Solomon, who procured the nrgo~eic, which the woman administered in four doses to her husband. Mrs. Ohose .?t informed her neighbours that her husband had died of cholera, and then tliat he had committed suicide, and j hbec the police came to make inquiry into the matter she att-mpted to bribe them to suppross their report. The affair has created a sensation in religious circles in Celcutte. •Madsme Cavaignac, wifo of the present Minister ef War at Paris,. has long com plained of a bit of a broken needle being in her hand. She went to the greatest sur geons, who probed in vain, and feared she must have been the victim of her imaginea tion. A few days ago, says the .Dil/ News Paris correspondent she was taken to the Ecolo Csntrsls, where Professor Chapuy applies the Riiatgen system of photcrraphy. A negative of surprising clearness was ob tained after an exposure of two minutes. . point of a needle came out well in the photo graph, which she took to a surgeon. Re had no difficulty in oper;ating successfully, although the point of the needle was in a knuckle joint. One of the attractions for the curious as well as for the pious during Holy week in Paris was (says the London..DailJ Teleqs'aph correspondent) the exhibition of the Crown of Thorns, said to be the one hosught frem the Emperor Baldwin by Saint Louis, King of France. This highly.treasured memorial is at Notro Dame, where it has lately been placed inside a new reliquary of rook crystal. ornamented with gold trellis-work in the shape of the plant known as the Spina Christi and brilliants. The gold work and jewels are kept in piece by bands reprerenting Gothic seals, on which the arms of the metropolitan chapter of St. Louis of the City, and effigies of Christ, St. Dennis, St. Oseeoieve, and St. Louis are engraved. .Cardinal Richard's name and the date of the completion of the reliquary are on the principal seal, that of the chapter. A Mutual Help Cinderella, the first dance of the season, will be held on Tuesday, 21st inst. . Mr. 'King wishes it stated that he regrets very much that the recital advertised for Wednesday next in the Cathedral must bemn definitely postponed. With regard to the report of the mesoing of the Hunter River A. and H Association in another column a correction of a motion arrived too late to be made therein. Mr. Sloan's motion was carried as follows:? "That the association forego the amount of £10 premised by the Town Reception Com mittee. and pay the two accounts represent ing £7 lOs." Mr. J. .O: Bonarius will sell by auction to-day homes, carts, and harness, iron safes, and' one set Avery scales. 