JSTEEMLiES: "Short. Sharp, Shiny." Zoo. Fine. Boom. Sunny. Bright. Cloudless. Cyclorama. Wheat rust. Share boom. The far north. Theatre Royal. Stock Exchange. A real gold mine. A charge of libel. A fearful scourge. Tinned horseflesh. A terrible cyclone. Fire at Port Pirie. Contempt of court. The Tozer incident. Itinerant Ministers. The Medical School. Collapse of a bridge. The Woodside ghost. Robbed by a footpad. Burglary at Prospect. The Rust Conference. The Olympian games. The Customs receipts. A new political party. Victorian export trade. Parliament on June 11. The Cornish fishermen. Australia v. Lancashire. The wheat rust problem. Tattersall's consultation. Clem Hill again scoring. Gaieties at Port Lincoln. ^ rott again won the toss. 1 he MiTdura Commission. Excursion to the far north. South Australian produce. 1 ho champion trick cyclist, rvmderpest in South Africa Marry Kickards's Company. 1 etroieum iu the south-east. Mr. Lowles and his mission A jockey injured at Cauliield. lhe position iu the Transvaal. Lancashire is well represented. The cholera is raging in Egypt. A new Hucldart Parker steamer. Social to members of Parliament. The boy Temple is rather better. Total exports for April, £107,COO. Silver is quoted at 2s. /Id. per oz. Hollanders, Uitlan tiers, and Jioers. How the trouble in Cornwall arose. Customs receipts for April, £57,000. Mrs. Harrison Lee leaving for England. T are well to Mrs. Harrison Lee to- night. Mr. James McEwin's house broken mto. Good work done bv the llust Conference. Mr; Tepper on " Ticks, slugs, and scales." A donation of £800to Our Boys' Institute. Noarlunga members entertained at Claren don. wo*]16 Cornish fishermen object to Sunday Resumption of the Oiympiclgames after 1,500 Englishmen investing heavily in Westralian stock. .Concert and dance in the Central Hall to night. . Bugle Call' at Port Adelaide to night. Golatta won the Summer Breeders' Foal Plate. The Australians are playing their sixth match. . I be Hon. J. Warren on "Tropical Aus tralia. Enormous mortality in Egypt through the cholera. The Australian Eleven is being praised for its form. A Jumble Talk" at the Co-operative Hall to-night. Martini-Metford riSes to be introduced into V ictoria. T ho Prinz Regent Luitpold arrived Thursday morning. - J Septen'b1 "U11S ^0r ^c':c,l'I*a '° be shipped in Judge de Kcrte, of Pretoria, suspected of corruption. The Miners' Congress wishes the output of coal restricted. At 3.20 on Thursday the Australians had lost four for 131. Lecture by Mr. M. E. Cook at the Chamber of Manufactures. The Reading baby farmer has again attempted suicide. The Czar is profoundly moved by the atti tude of the French. The city of Moscow will be given up to fes tivities for ten days. A Marine Board enquiry is being held into the loss of the Byron. Many villages in the United States destroyed by a cyclone, i new starting machine at the Ade laide Racecourse to-day. A batch of 43 immigrant servant girls recently arrived in Perth. The Australian Eleven commenced a match at Manchester yesterday. The Commissioner of Crown Lands returns next VVednesday morning. It is feared that most of the cattle farmers in Gape Colony will be ruined. Mrs. W. G-, Hammond will redeliver her J umble Talk this evening. The Cretans have appealed to the Govern ment ot Creece for protection. Mrs. Oldham will sing "Caller herrin'" at the Co-operative^Hall to-night. The Russian Minister of Finance has been appointed a Secretary of State. The collapse of a bridge in Victoria, British Columbia, has caused 02 deaths. Aiieged embezzlement by the secretary of the Sydney I ire Brigade Board. A deep water harbor required for the south coast district of New South Wales. Some valuable recommendations brought up by the conference on rust in wheat. lhe Premier received an excellent reception at Clarendon on 1 hursday evening, i. iuts always a plea ready on behalf of the native birds and plants. . bow/iug is recognised as one of the lead ing matures ot the Australian Eleven. " I claim you," said the ghost. " Then take me,^ said the man, and hit it with a stick. The late Rev. George Daniel was 50 years ago connected with the South Seas Mission. The Broken Hill Proprietary Company has declared a dividend ot Is. payable on J une 17. Victoria's considering the advisabieness of selling one of her gunboats to West Australia. The police were inspected by his Excellencv tho Governor at their monthly parade on Thursday. A would-be suicide in Victoria was rescued by ins landlady as he was in the last stages of strangulation. Barrett has been committed for embezzle 'oedt as secretary of the Mount Gambier Building Society. The Great Boulder Company has decided to issue two subsidiary companies to work two of tne northern blocks. Six thousand horses imported from England last year were converted by Belgian manu facturers into tinned meat. The Rev. George Daniel, the well-known \»esleyan minister, has been found dead in a ranway carriage in Victoria. A prominent obstacle the Rust Conference has met with has arisen from the objections of millers to rust-resistant wheats. We can grow the best wheat in the world and rust is a trouble that may bo largely escaped by adopting rational precautions. The Queen proposes to celebrate the com pletion of the sixtieth year of her reign in a similar manner to the Jubilee celebration. Transvaal.' A sporting and athletic carnival which has | been suspended for the trifling space of 1,500 years was revived last month in the presence | of the King of Greece. The fellows of the Royal College of Sur ! geons, by 47 votes to 10, carried a resolution in favor of admitting women to the medica I diplomas of the college. The Indian Exhibition was visited by over 2,000,000 persons, and was a great success. It will be reopened this year, and will be made | also to represent Ceylon and Burmah. Those immigrant servant girls who arrived recently at Perth compluin that their chattels were destroyed by a fire which occurred on the ship which brought them to Australia. Violent opposition in the Now South Wales j Legislative Assembly to the proposnl^to grant j the widow and children of tho late Sir Henry i I Parkes substantial aid from the public . Treasury. A man in New South Wales has pleaded | I guilty to selling obscene pictures, " intending j [ to debaueli and corrupt the morals of the liege subjects of her Majesty the Queen and to raise | ! and create iu their minds inordinate and lust- i ful desires." j It is highly gratifying to record the fact that \ the reliance placed by the musical public upon j the judgment and acumen of Messrs. Stevens I and Howolls, the enterprising and experienced | entrepreneurs, has been in no way misplaced 1 so far as the English Concert Company is con cerned. Woman's progress in 1895 was a veritable triumphal inarch, according to Mrs. Warner Snoud, president of the International Women's Union. At the University of London four ladies took tho degree ot MAX, one gained the > degree of Doctor of Literature and about a I hundred passed tho B.Sc. and B.A. examina tions. At St. Petersburg a medical college for women has been opened. No fewer than 25,000 dogs—in round numbers—were received at the Home for Lost1 and Starving Dogs at Battersea, England, ! during the year 1895. 'This is an increase of nearly 3,000 on the number for 1891. Tho majority of these have been painlessly narco tised iu the lethal chamber, but a certain number have also been claimed by their owners or sold to new proprietors* i 