IRS. TRE6ASKISS. A JToyel of Ansjbrallan Jjife. . by :: EV!RS. 0AS3PBELL PRAEB, Author of "Outlow and Lawmaker, " "An \- Australian Heroine," "The Bond of . Wedlock," "Nadme,V VMolooli," :<<Polioy nnd Passion,',' ffTha -> : Head Station," &o.;, &o.l; ;. aol aueexstand hi9hts bebbsvbb. 7 chapter ih. — (Con tinner!.) He gave die littlo laxuous laugh of solf- satiefaotioii wliioh was a trick of liis, and which always jnrrcd upon Care. It wan one of Tro- gaskiss's weaknesses to bo somewhat vain, of lusstrengthaiidrohustgoodlooks. He might in truth have boon considered a bnndsomo man of tho coarser mould. Ton. years ago, bofore liis features had thiokened and his skin hod become red and rough grained, and whon he had been less inclined to stout ness, thero could liave boon no doubt as to tho attractiveness of his person. Ono might have imagined a woman very inuoli in love with llini, but not a woman quite of tbo typo of Mrs. Trogaskiss. Somo littlo frail, amiable doll perhaps, without muoli iritelleot, and the kind of temperament whioh is naturally subBerviont to brute force. Trogaskiss was fashioned rather upon tho Viking model. Ho was huge — as tall us Dr. Gcneste, und muoli brooder and thicker of girth. In spite of tho active life he lod, his weight could not have bcon less than fourteen or fifteen stone. Ho had a groat hull nock aud a largo liend with oloso oroppod yellow hair, which fell into littlo rings over a round, low fore head. The eyes woro bright blue, slightly bloodshot, the lioso well shaped but broad at the bridge, and with two small furrows on eaoh sido marking a pufUncca between tho oye sockets and tho mouth which gave an appearance of ooavsouoss. Ho had oven teeth discoloured by smoking, a yellow moustache witli long points, and aonrlyfair beard — tho kind of beard whioli divides in tho middle, agd shows tho cloft of ohin. Although he £ras proud of bpuig a " flno man," bo wascarnoss about bis dress. To-night, he looked dis ordered after bis journey, whioh was not to bo wondered at— hot, dusty, and redder than usunl ; his light alpaca coat bad stains upon it, and liis coloured shirt was unbuttoned at tho ucok, showing tho insido grimiuesB of the dollar, and beads of perspiration stood upon bis forehead und liis grcnt rod hands. Clare stiffened just a little as he put his arm round her aud drew lior clor-r-r to him in their joint gazo at their ohild. The hursh, virile odour which oamo from hhn and Boomed to toll of tlio night's camping out and. the day's travel in close proximity with hot beasts, mingled with nu aroma of . tobacco aud of the whisky liohadroeentlyim- hibod, Btruok unpleasantly upon her nerves. She was a woman extremely fastidious in mich trifles, and bad all almost sensuous delight in dclioate fresh scents. Ono of tlio things which went far towards reconciling lior to lifo on Mount Wombowus the perfume of the sandal wood logs, which she kept for burning in the sitting-room in tho winter. But something of tho sumo consoiontlous self- discipline wliioh markod her manner to: her ohildren showed iteotf in her bearing toher husband. Sho eoomoA to become instantly, alive to the irnphlso of repugnance in herself, andulouedforithy laying herhandcaressiugly upon his shonldor.; . and thus together thoy contemplated tho aleoping infant for a moment or two in silence. Then she -withdrew her hand and disongaged herself gently from his embrace. . " Yes, I wisb, too; tbnt she lmd boon a boy. Not exaolly for yonr reason though." " For what reason, then ?" " Oh, booanso I think women have tlio wovst of it in the world — at any rate in the bush." . ' j "I don't see that. Thinganrenlwnysmado as easy for you as thoy oan be up here. Of oourso the life's rough, but if it is so for women, it's rougher still for meii. You oan keep in doors if you choose.. But how would you liko droving cuttle across country with rations running short, aud tho water-bags getting ompty ? And I wonder if you'd oii- joy a day after scrubbers through gidya and burniin husli, nrolso drafting off u parap in tlio blazing sun, und branding till sundown, and then coming homo dog-tired to solt junk and dauiper—and nil tho worry of tbo mon, and had sales, and drought, and a big debt, with theohauoo of tbp.bank coming down on you into tlio bargain." - : "It seems to mo that wo womon havo our. shore of those worries, too," said Olaro. "As. for the station work, I used rutnor to envy you men tlio wild, free rides, and tlio. living with nature, nnd the gruudness and reality of it nil. Do yon remombor, I had a perfect crave for out of door lifo long ago, aftor the hollowhesB imd insincerity und stuffiness of London. I tisod to fancy thou that it must: itinko people truer and better und purer. You know I loved an easy day on the . ran, before the babies came, and whoa' I was strong; and not the poor creature I seem to liavo grown into." - ' "An easy day!" onlioed Trogaskiss; 'fA kid glovo kind of mustering in cool weather, just outeido tbo paddock i'oiicos, and tho meii blosftiiig.you all tlio time, because thoy daren't lot out au oath. I think you found it a bit too real ' sometimes, Olaro, and you got deuced sulky whon I sworo ntyon for gotting in tho way. . You expeoted mo to keep up honoymoon manners, hut I've broken you in, haven't I, und wo'ro nonetheless good friends for it f" "No, none -tho Iosb good friends, . Koitli," she repeated, with thut ourious smllo. "But that wasn't what. I meant wheu-I wished that baby had boon u boy.'.' 1 1 What did you moan ?" lie asked. , " oil , men got J'id of their illusions quicker, she answered. "Or olso thoy never grow them, whioh is bettor still — at least I supposo it is hotter, if tho illusions are bound to wither before tha morning baa become to-day. Women ure bo liolplesB," sho wont on, bor voieo taking a deopor inflection, "so blind, so ignorant, so hedged hi. They can't go' into tho open and judge of things as men do.- Thoy ean't oven jndgo of t-hemaelveB. Thoy don t knuw. what thoy are capable of or de ficient in. They don't know what they want.',' " Well, most of them soom to know timt thoy. want , a husband," aaid Trcgaekiss, with a laugh. " And aftor all, Glare, a woman han't do mueh bettor than that — if she gets a good oho, ahd a man oan't bo bettor off than with a good wifo." Thoro was genuine feeling in his tone; it touohed Glare. "No, Keith; thore oan't ho anything hettor in tho world thou a happy mairingo. But people's ideas of happincsB and of love are different, aren't thoyr And womon have dreams and wayward funoies. In the ond wo settle down to doing our duty, und we find satsfaotion In it ; but in the boginning, when wo are young and romantic, wo long for drama and thrill and communion of mind and the poetry of lovo— and all tlio rest. That's how it's hard for women — for some womon. Thoylvo got to grind down tho edgo of their imagination ana to pall their ideals to piucos, nnd to scatter in fragments all thoir fond and foolish beliefs, and it — it's a painful process, Keith, and I'd rather not havb to watch a daughter of mine going through it." Trogaskiss looked at her, at onoo annoyed, linohsy and amused. " Ob, confound ideals ! That used to bo a great word of yours, Oluro. I thought I had laughed you out of it, though upon my soul I novor did quite know what you meant by it. I hate hearing you talk liko that. It makes me think of those long liolred South Kensington palntors and the ladies, in queor drosses, with notions that you used to tell mo you wore so eiok of. Besides it puts it into my head that you aren't happy, and thut isn't true — anyhow, you always say that you are liappy enough. "Oh, .yes, Keith, don't mind. Of oourso I am-iiappy enough,". - . . " Idoala I " ho wont on, wrathfully. " Poetry,; sentiment— the sort of stuff you read in hovels. Fine words and infernal Tominy-rdt,us I -always said to you, dear. We don't breed 'cm out wont." "No; you laughed me out of my fanoy that idealB might exist in tho bush. That's one. of, the vanished illusions, Tiiev don't seem to fraternise with sheep and oattlo in thia-pgrt of Ldohhordt's Land." \- " D6 jrou think thoy thrived any better on tlbi Downs, where you come from ? " i :"I don't know. I supposo not. I was only 10 years old, you know, when I left it. And yet," , she went on dreamily, "Ikopt a /vision of TJbi Downs all those years, as of a \- sort of promised land — the mountains and tho Btrango sunsets and tho river and the great hunya scrubs — The Erl King and Sintram and Undine lived in that bunya scrub and the oreek that oame down from the gorge. I oan remember it quite well." "And you married mobcoause you thought I was going to bring you to your promised land. Was that it P " '( Perhaps it was a little, Keith." " Good Lord, Clare, you are ohildish, with four Erl Kings and your fairy tale peoplo. suppose thoy are in a fairy talo. I never heard of them anywhere olso. What has cotab over you to-night f . " I-don't know, Keith. Ono gots thinking lyingnwako in the moonlight." "Thinking! What about P" Oh ! — about ideals ; and drama ; and thrill ; and different kinds of love — ovary- thing that makes tho pootry of lifo. But I quite agreo with you ; it's stupid to talk of them. Gladys Wnrrakerand I agreed long ago not to expect suoh things in tho ordinary run of lifo." "Woll, anyhow, I thought you had dropped all suoh rubbish sinco you camo lioro. Ideals ! drama ! thrill, and different kinds of lovo," ho repeatod with bluff scorn. "By JOvo, do you remombor our sitting by tho water hole at Wombo, Boon aftor wo camo up, and your rending to mo something by somo Gorman chnp, and asking me if that was how I loved you, and your diBgust whon I told you it was all rot. As if men and womon ovor loved each other, ospeoinlly whon thoy are married, in any way but ono. You may wrap it up in sugar as much as you like, but love always comes to the same thing — generally ends in little red creatures like this." Clure gavo a slight shudder and then laughed, an odd nervous laugh.. "Yos, it always oooies to the samo thing. You liavo taught mo that." "I havo made you. prootiohl, my dear. Upon my soul if it hadn't . been for having married mo you'd be lost in the olouda by now. I've brought you down to earth, I and tho ohildreu." "Yes." she again assented. "You and the children. One can't. be anything- but practical whon there nre babies oryiug round, and only a half -aasto or a blaok gin to look aftor thom." . "Well, that's your own fault. Glare. I said you eoilkl got a nurao out of one of tho emigrant ships at Port Viotoria. " " Oh, sho wouldn't havo stayed. She would have complained that it was too rough, or too dull, or olso tho mosquitoes and sandfles would havo eaten her up. And I'm so unxiou9 to get that wretched debt cleared off. I don't want to add to expenses, es pecially as I brought you nothing. That's being practical, isn't it? " " You're a splendid old doar. I'm bound to say there's not another woman I know, brought up liko you, that would work in the samo way to keep things together. As for the debt, if I could get a couple of good seasons and a market for fat cattle I'd soon clear it off, and we'd take a trip home and then settle down on your beloved Ubi in the heart of oivilisation. Confound thut woman 1 When is she going to fotoh mo tip something tocatP" Ho wont noisily to the staircase and called down. Aftera few minutes a young womuu, who had been serving at tho bar, brought in a tray with cold beef and bread and a bottle of wliisky. Tregnskiss threw off his coat, poured himself out some wliiaky and water, and called to liis wife to come in and "yarn." She obeyed tbo peremptory call without a mur mur, though eho had lain down again upon the bed beeide tho baby, anil was in truth almost worn out. Sho waited upon lier Imshsnd wbilo he made a hearty meal, and chatted cheerfully npon Loura concerns tlio while, having, it appeared, quite recovered from lier sentimental mood. They talked about tho delinquencies of tho "Grippor," nthorwiso Mr. OuBaok ; tho now boundary between Wombo and Brindn. Plains ; t.he sur veyors to be employed ; the stookkoeping capacity of a "now ohura " lately installod at Mount Wombo; the " tally " of tlio last branding. It was not till Tregaskiss had lighted his pipo und tilted bnuk his ohair that ho was struolc for the second time by his wife's won looks, and again declared sho looked like a ghost. He insisted upon giving lior somo weak whisky and water, and ex pressed oompunction for having kept hoi- up, fussing over her in, a manlike, unhelpful inaunor, which at intervals took tho form of scoldiug, Why didn't she look aftor herself bettor? What was the nse of leaving Port Viotoria bofore she was quite strong ? Why would she nurse the baby, when she know she wasn't fit for it? On.tha-lost point ho waxed persistently wrathful. , "I wanted to," ploadod.Olaro. . "I think I havo read, that inothors always care more for the children they nui-se fcheinyolvcs. It's an outlet for—" alio stopped. " An oiitlot for what ? " " For the foolish fanoies, perhaps, that you have beon scolding me for." "What hiuj put tbo notion into your head ? " asked Trogaskiss. ' ' You kiunv that tbo oliild drags you to piocos." "I didn't nurse tho other two," she said iu a low voieo, "and thoy died, and I don't think I wiisbnlf sorry enough, poor littlo things." Trejjaskiss wnssllont. "That's nonssnse," he said,, presently. "Thoy wouldn't have lived anyhow, and this one is much move likely to thrive ou good cow's milk. I'll have a milker kopt apart." And thou ho went oh, "You talk ofoxponses; and you know it means gallonB of bottled stout, or you uan't got on at all. "Not that I grudge it,", he added, hastily, smitten by an expres sion that orooiicd Glare's face, " but goodness known how long the drays will bo getting it up. That's what I mount." But alio had beou moved many tiraos to a half moused scorn or pitiful tolerance by tlio exhibition of a curious strain of meanness in Troguskiss's character. This was all tlio more strange boeauHO it was allied in a esr- toiii sonso to boisterous good nature. In somo matters Trogaskiss was oponluuidcd and ovou extravagant. It was quito certain also that ho would not huve grudgod his wifo anything that he soriously believed would contribute to bor hoalth or comfort, and yot iu somo email odd ways ho was penurious. CHAPTER IV. Tnn Stony op Ocauk Gaiidyne. Olaro Tregaskiss did not' lovo her husband. Thore uro millions of womon in liko state to whom auoh a condition of things presents no insuperable barrier to oontent or oven to hap piness. But Glare was not ono of those. She hud not the disposition to bo satisfied with compromises. To her life without sympathy soomcd poisoned at its source. All she did, thought, nnd snld was robbed of savour aud spontaneity. She suffered tbo pain of a keenly sonsitivo emotional and intellectual woman, imprisoned as within brick walls, by limitation of oircum- stanoo. Worst of all she Buffered from a dense and stifling materialism, the temperament with which she was matod. Exialonoo was for her an unfulfilled yearn ing. Boncatli lior stall ohisollcd foatnree, her fnint abstracted smilo, herpainstaking interest in the prosaio details of a squatter's vooation, her scrupulous attention to tbo duties of lior position, lior quiet manner and fominino sub- missivonoss to the inevitable, thoro vulscd a hidden ourront of pasBionato fooling, of indignant protest, of unoxplninablo avorsions, impulses, desires wliioh at times frightonod lior by tlioir intensity. Sho (lid lior very beBt to quell thom, and to compress her aspirations witllin tho soopo of her every day life, but it was of littlo use. She ached with an immenso craving — an aoho insistent and unbearable almost uo than of bodily starvation. And in truth, on tho psychological sido of things, tlicro is a hUugor of mind, of heart, aud of spirit, quite as wasting and quito as imperious in its doinands as the physical need of meat and bread. Why had she married Mr. Tregaskiss P Oh, fool, fool, fool 1 This she said to herself ovor and ovor again In her fiorcoBt and most eeorot "Needs of revolt. But the recognition of her iblly did not alter tho irrevocable nnd disas- t-rous faot that she was Keith Trogitskilis's wife, and the mother of his children. How she had brought herself to perpetrate tho folly was us great u mystery to herself us it become a little while later to Dr. Geueste, ' In the Chain of circumstances she lind been l?d to the mavrluse by perhaps the only con- , oatonatlpn of influences of which, it could rationally ndvo he On tboouteome. Olaro Gttrdyhb was the only obild of artltin whb. fnt- a Very flhorttimo, had blazed as a minor comet :in the system of Australian finance. . Ho had been in the first instance sheep owner on the Ubi Downs, where Glare hod beeii born, and where her mdther had died. Tho child had beon about six years old when she wan left motherless, and at this time Mr. Gardyne Bold his station, realised a moderate fortune, and took liiH . little girl to Englnnd. Thoro ho madearrangmentsfor her education. HeBpont the twelve yenrs whioh this occupied mainly in Australia, where he entered political life, started a great meat preserving establishment, and made for himself a not altogether un tarnished reputation as a supposed millionaire end juggler in company promoting, and in the transaction of an important loan to tho Loiohhardt's Land Government. Finally ho accepted tho appointment of Agent-Genoral for tho colony, and settled in London in a big house in Queen's Gate, with his handsome daughter to act as its mistress nnd ns liostoss ut tho numerous, ontertainmeuts by means of which he floated himBelf inaocrtain sphere of society. Meanwhilo Clare Gardynobad been brought up porhaps not altogethor in the most judioioue manner for a nature bo wilful, impulsive, reservod, and impatient of shums and of control. Her only relatives in England were a sister and brother-in-law of her father's, and from tho beginning Olaro had entertained for hor unolo and aunt tlio strongest antipathy. They belonged to a class which she imagined beneath hor own, and whioh was at any rate utterly opposed to all the traditions (if hor early Australian associa tions, for which she had retained an almost passionate tenderness. Mr. Man-able owned a ehoo factory in a Midland town. Ho was a Dissenter, andMrs. Marrable wlisnotvisitedby any lady of higher social grade than the wife of tho lawyer, the dootor, ond occasion ally the vieaross of the parish. Yet she had kept an almost syoopbautio awe of the great, and her moiu ambition was to bo genteel. The Mnrrables' way of living and thinking wore of the narrowest, dullest, and moBt provinoinl. Thoy oocupiod a two-storied bow- windowed houso of tho sub urban pattern, in the new road whore the prinoipol townfelk and bettor olass tradesmen had detaohed residences. Tho houso had a few shrubs, a miniature rookery and an oval llowor ' liBd in front ; and at the back, a tennis ground, ondosod by a brick wall, and some neatly trimmed shrubs. Glare remembered the wild beauty and ex panse of the Ubi Downs, the breezy freedom, the absence of sooial barriers, the obivolrous deference of tho station hands, among whom even at six yoars old sho had been a littlo quecri, From tbeso idealised rccolleotions sho con structed a visionary republio of light and sin cere living, aud rebelled against the Murrable restraints. She spent three summor holidays with her relatione, then wrote to hor father, requesting permission to remain at school or to accept invitatious elsewhere — a permission he readily granted, for ho had ambitionH whioli did not embraeo the Marrable connee- tione, and in troth oared very little what his daughter did ns long as she got into no Horapes and was decently eduoated. He therefore never opposed uny scheme of liers whioh did, not appear to him unreasonable. Besides ho had his own affairs to think about. Whoii Clare was sixteen she conceived a vague en thusiasm for the artiBtio life, and wont to live in Kensington, in tho remoter quarter, whore she boarded with the family of one of Iter schoolfellows. The father of hor schoolfellow was a dramatic critio on the staff of one or two small papers, and the mother called her self an artist, and lmd a class of young Indr students in hor studio, to whom sho impurted instruction on impressionist methods. The eldest daughter did a small trade in casting liorosoopes and delineating character from handwriting ; and of the younger daughters ono was an actress low in the scale, ono studied music, and one was playful, ambitions, originnl, and vague both m her views and occupations. The first three had great theories, talked much and woio generally unkompt, slipshod, enthusiastic, and inacouratoin accounts. Glare, at tho first blush, bad beou fascinated at the idea of women breaking loose from conven tions, had taken in greedily all the fine talk, had heliovad in tho unappreciated geniuses aud the jargon of idealism, liad considered tho whole t-liing very intellectual, mystic, original, and elevating. She had a notion that oho was going to load tho higher life, and for a timo muddled away at her paints— sho lmd a fooling for colour — with tho utmost satisfaction. She would not allow liorself to roalioo that she had no talent, not oven tlio most rudimentary knowledge of anatomy or perspective, and was readily porsuadod that, she might become tho leader of a movement, and tho pioneer of advanced womanhood. She hodalwaysinnintained that women wore down trodden and the victims of an hereditary ten- donoy to insineority, for the reason that tboy had nover boon able to got tlioir own way, ex cept by whoadling tbo men. At this period — sho was going on for eighteen— elio Had an intonso auorn for matrimony, and had novor ebon tho man who could raise hor opinion, of tho box. This was to the orcdit of her dis crimination, for certainly sho saw but poor spooimens at tho Wnrakora. All hor omotional foroo was oxpendod on abstraot enthusiasms, and upon her fronisiiip for Gladys Wnrakqr, tho only ono of tlio sisters who hud no profession, und yet who managed to do overytliing batter than any of the others. Gladys, though intomiely artistic in appoar- aneo and nature, kopt an attitude of oynioul superiority to nil nrtistio fads, and openly scorned the deception whioh tho others glossod ovor by tall talk. Sho nlso frankly dcolarod her Intention of making u worldly marriage if tho saeramantnl mon- iago did not como in hor way.. This was tho point upon whioh Gladys and Glare were totally dis agreed, and many was the tussle thoy had on tho subject. On one point, however, tlieywere inncoord. They woro each solemnly con vinced tlint thosacramontalranrriuge didoxlst, only Gladys held that it was irreoonoilnble with the exigences of the modoi-n sooial system. To both girls lovo was ' a mystery; lis holy and os impossiblo of frivolous dismis sion as tho mystory of tho Euclmrist. Gladys was a Oiithollo, Olnro having begun doubt with tho " Old Rod Sandstone" and having wondered on byway of Sponcor, Frederic Harrison, Retmn's " Vio . do Jesus," nod Matthew Arnold's " Literature and Dogma," through a phrase of tempered agnosticism, was also a somewhat lukawarm votary of tho older faith. . Gladys accoplcd the sacramental love theory in hope, but was quite ready to resign it as a practical reality ut tho ngo of 21, and to do hor duty on tlie material matri monial plane if tho spiritual jovs of conjugal lifo were denied her. Gladys bad plenty of common House. In this lay lier iufluoneo over Glare, who was the oddost mixture of romanoo, uontimout, reserve us regarded her inner lifo, and flinty determination to look faots in tho face and koop straight at all hazards. It was Gladys who kopt Glare at tho Warakcrs, for slie was not many months in discovering that tho shifty standards of the rest of tho family did not coinoide with her own lofty idoals. Sho was too innately truthful not to see for horsolf that their art was only a flimsy pretence and thoir impros- eionism an oxouso for slurring honest labour. Had sho possessed unv real gift she would have gone off on another track, hut sho was candid enough uftor a timo to recognise the fnot that, eho had no gift. Sho lmd a brlof reaction in tlie shapo of slumming, whioh, however, did not outlast tho disoovory of on obnoxious inseot upon hor clothing after an afternoon among tho bandbox makers. She bogan then to long for some solid Booial splioro lwtwoen Boliomianism and squalor and vice. She took a disgust to the queer clairvoyants and mediums and professional fortune tallora whom tho astrological daughter collootod, tho out of elbows literary persons and tlio dreamy artists, given to ideas aud methods that never oame to anything, who frequented the "Waraker studio. She absolutely longod for a respectability which might bo of any typo, provided it wore not that of tho Marrables, whom Bho nsvor saw nowadays, She used to watoh the oarriagee in the purk wliou elie end Gladys made excursions into that fashionable region, and would dream of anphero in whioli influence, enthusiasm, and sincsrity might bo combined with refinement and a pos session of an income. She then bogan to think that Gladys might have rea son in hor views, nnd tlint it might be hotter toranrry some well intontioned and fairly -Well off young imin of birth t-lian to wait for the one and only affinity whom a perverse fate might liaye fooated at the other end of the globo. Of oourse she und Gladys were of opinion that lore In its striot essence was only possible in tho ovent of a falling in with that pro-ordained mate, and this malignant contrariety of the Higher Rowers in ao invariably soparntirig the twin souls soemed to them a problem of the uhirorso on a par with that of tho existence of evil. Gladys had a theory thiit tho allegory of Eve \- and tbo apple was a veiled version of tho original mistake in this matter of pairing Nrhiohhad act the wholo machinery out of gear, Glare knew very littlo about hor father's affairs, nnd as 'her nllownnoo had novor beon munifloent, and ns in his unfrcquent letters he lmd generally epokon of boing harassed over money matters, sho bad como to tho con clusion that he wits a comparatively poor man. She knew that Australia was supposed to bo passing through a oyolo of bad years, nnd imagined that hor father was probably suffering therefrom. Sho very seldom Baw him ; he was littlo more than a name to hor. When, during his short visits to England, he did run down to Brighton, where sho lind been at school, it was only on a hurried visit, and ho had alwayB scorned oppressed, with business and but norfunotorily interested in hor welfare. Ho had not been to Europo since her instalment at the Warakor's till upon liis appointment as Agout-Gcnci-al lio lind eomo to take hor " hemic'." Thnt meant to tho houso in Queen's Gate, which lie lmd ranted furnished from a stockbroker under a cloud, and who was forced to retire for a timo to tho continent, and of wliioh bo informed her sho wus to ho tho nominal mistress. Ho - bad already eng- agod'ahourekeepor companion, inoffonsive and without pretension, who was equally ready to efface herself or to not as Glare's obaperono, iu tho abscnoe of Mr. Gardyno. Clare was bowildored. Tho Quoon's Gato- housoappoaredtohor a palnco. The servants in lively, tho carriages, tlio wliolo style of living, in curious contrast witli tlint of tboWarakers' happy-go-lucky establishment, gave hor a thrill of power sud coneequenoo. Sho was astonished to find that ber father lmd tlio reputation of boing immonsoly woulthy, and in a certain occlion of London society he was considered a person of importance. Sho fancied that at Inst her ambition was to be realised, and that sho had gained the vantage poiut for whioh sho bad so fovorisbly longed, from whioh she might lmve an outlook upon the world and choose tho position best suited to hor temperament mid capabilities. She was only 18, and she bad ail tlio ignorant self-oonfidenco of tlio young clevor girl, with ' a vast amount of emotional steam to let forth and a veiy definite reserve force of character underneath. One thing alia was almost certain of, Gladys was right; and it was of no usp waiting for tho Holy Grail — tha divine mystery of love — to! bo revealed to her iu this rush and hurry of everyday life. Hotter marry for position and iuilucnce anil opportunity of tasting the sweets of human drama, nnd enshriuo her ideal in an inner holy of holies, a standard probably as un- renlienblo in the practical soiiso as tho typical Christian standard is uiu-ealinahle under present dny conventions, but witli wliioh her lifemnst be better nnd purer, just ns tbo world must be better for an example of strict morality, however impossiblo of actual attain ment. And then her father was always impressing upon her that she might not cou'tinue always to enjoy these advantages — that hiB lifo was uncertain, his income, notwithstanding tbo extravagant reports which ho encouraged con cerning it, precarious— thnt, in short, it would bo well for her to seoure herself by a good marriage against the caprices of fate. For two sousons sho sailed upon a sunlit stream of pleasure. She was prcssntcd at ono of tlio drawing-rooms by the wifo of tho Soorotary of State for the Colonics, und was asked out a good deal, going with her frithcr to the formal receptions of those smart Indian whoso husbands or connections wore interested in the fimuioinl or political affairs of Aus tralia, and to tho houses of less fashionable poople of different grados of importuuoe, from colonial magnates in London to olty poople, with whom ber father appeared to bs on terms of business intimuny. Tlio smart entertainments, as far as her personal part iu them went, she found dull, but interesting to watoh because of tlio glitter of diamonds mid orders, aud tho glimpses they gave . hor of a sphere to whioh, sho was shrewd enough to bgo, slie was only admitted on tim baldest snffriiuce. The other parties were mora amusing, becauso at them sho found herself less of a nobody, but at the : same timo her very success jarred against the soarobing und inflexible uandour of hor nature, whioh mudo hor intolerant, almost to louthing, of what was false and moretrioions. Slio began to see that alio was sought aftor bocauBo sho was behoved to bs au boiress, and sho saw also that those higher in tho sooial scale dcapisod her father and herself, and were ngrcoablo only in proportion with what thoy expootod to got out of them, wlulo i-hoio lower down fawned upon hor for tho sake of obtaining a lover to a higher stratum. Sho dinoiissedYlio situation with Gladys Wnrakor, who ill her way wus as olear "headed but nnioli less romantio, and tlioy agreed that society was Pharisaical and solf-seoking, and that to find sinoority ono must either oommund or disown it. Then in snoli moods Glare would turn iu imagination, as tlio hart to tho water brooks, towards tho pioturo memory gavo of the untainted freshness of tho Now World, anil would tell herself that there all men were chivalrous, all motives pnra ; that in tho free forest, uuud the healthful infiiiencos of nature eonimiinitlen must bo. oxempt from mean striving, paltry attestation, and the mental obliquity wbioh can see , no distinction hetwoau fvutli und' npomlugv After all, the more solid, brilliant— in ;tho mattor. of diamonds lind silver .iiiid gold plate— and PifiliRi.iuB Queen's Gate circle, was . only im buistrat61iiU( of tho . small '- Bliifty lestnotiu ' West KensuigtoiV sphere ; and beyond, lliere- waa always, the larger truth, the unattain able. i to br bcbtihuni. 