A MOTHER'S SIN; OB The Northcombe Mystery, CHAPTER V. HIS MOTHER'S KISS. Br CHABLES GIBDWOOD. It was the time of roses. Rosea of every description, and of every hue. filled the sir with their Eweet fragrance. A bunch ot -white cluster-roses luxuriantly overgrew the trellis-arch abuve the wicket gate which led from the flower-garden* Into the paddock. An avenue ef standard roses— creamy, white and golden—opened before the drawing-room windows Agraud Marshal Niel spread over half a TOII ; a dimp of tiny yellow Scotch roues bloomed at one Bide, a bunch ef moss-roses at the other, and in the garden the trim parlour-mald at Flag-poet Cottage moved here and there amongst the trees, and filledher basket with the brighest said tent for the vases in the Cottage rooms. The old sailor had been ot the opinion that planting fruit-trees was lanting for heirs or successors, and had Swished upon hie garden the money and care which most men would have wasted upon Inhoipltable walls and extravagant greenhouses. So he had planted roses everywhere, and lived and died surrounded by their beauty, buying his aprlacts, peaches, and nectarines for a tithe of the nm he might have expended in attempting to grow them. In the time of roses there were few fairer scenes than the garden upon which Captain Cardington looked out as he opened his bedroom window on the first morning following hie return to hia home after his cruise in the " Midge " To his eyes, wearied with the continual outlook upon the sea, or the circamscribed area of his own ship, euch a picture was pleasant, and ha stood a moment at the window to enjoy the soene. The dainty figure of Phyllis, as, unconscious of his eyes, she snipped the roses, contributed perhaps to Its completeness for Captain Dick. Though often erroceausly credited with misogynist convictions, he was not utterly removed above the admiration which, if Homer is to be believed, worked havoc in the breast of Achilles, Ajax, Agamemnon, and probably many other heroes, although his admiration went only to the point of consenting to the thought that from an artistic view the picture was the brighter for the presence in it of a comely young English maid. Suddenly a shadow seemed to tall npon the soene. Was it fancy, or was it fact, that the sun passed behind a cloud and the sea darkened In *he distanoe, as, dresaed in a plain black dress, unrelieved by any vestige of colour, walking slowly with eyes bent npon the ground, her hands lrcked behind her. Margaret, with a weary, white face, came down the garden path wishing Pnyllls "Good morning," and passad on to the flag- "^Ab 1" he Bald to himself, poor Meg I I haA almost forgotten her for the moment. I supple it is her doing, that the flag is half-ma^t! I would give a good deal to get out of the duty of telling her abaat J*ck. In h&'f an hour's time, Dick met his cousin in the breakfast-room. " Well, Meg," he siid. uneasily, " here 1 am again, you «ee, returned like the proverbial bad penny. I hope yea are quite well; but I am afraid that you have not yet altogether got over the illness of which my mother was telling ma last night." -1 am very glad to see you home again, Dick," she answered, in a low, nervous voioe, disregarding hia question Then her eves met his, gszed steadily into his for s moment as if she were searching his soul for (he answer to some question which she dared not expren m wards. He merely preesed her hand, and the action, slight as it was, seemed to carry aome expected meaning »r her. for she turned away with her eyes filled *ItiBBOt to be wondered at that breakfaBt that morning was, with such a beginning, rather a disagreeable meal for both of them, and it »ith relief that Captain Cardington rose at its conclusion. *nd lighting his cigar strolled out into the garden. Quite naturally he found his way to the old tailor's seat, and sat looking lazily upon tba sea, watching with considerable interest a •mail pleasure-yacht tacking to make Nortbcombe Bay. So intent was he npon this occupation, cad the enjoyment of the dolce far nienie, that he did not notioe that Margaret bad followed him {ram the house. She stood for a moment with her eyes turned towards the sea, and then came towards Mm, and, as he rose, Bit down on the seat he offered her, and motioned to him to resume bis place. f j am so pleased to see yen back, safe and sound," she said, " and aunt 1B SO delighted, and so proud of you. But, Dick, do forgive all my selfishness. I cannot help ft, but you well know what I feel." "Poor M>g," he edd, gently, "Ids fed for you, with aU my heart, I wish "—and aa he spoke, he rose impulsively, and jerkod th- remainder of his cigar several yards sway from him—" I wish that I had gone instead ef Jack, and he were here in my ^"Don'fcsay that, Dick. We are all so thanktal that you have oome home." « After all," he said, " we must remember «hat there is still an uncertainty in your favour. We have BO definite proof " ••Proof! Oh, Dick! what could be mare certain than the terrible proof of his silence ? It iB now so many months Bines it happened, and If hs had been saved, he would surely have written." <• Ah, that is just what £ cannot understand." "Let us not build npon anything BO fan ^gbefrouined silent for a few minute*. " Dick," -be said at length, " will you Ml me in your owe words how it happened ?' I am afraid," hs began pulling himself together for a most nn welcome task, "that 1 r >nnat tell yon mnah more than yon have already h«ard. We were sailing In very tretohrous water, and bad to go dbng sounding at every few yards. The officer of the watch drew my attrition to an object comedistanee away, which he believed to be a ship of some «ort, f»Bt upon a rook. As •we watched it, several others came to us, and all agreed that the shin waa pretty wett meekeST I took the officer* wide, and •when we talked it over, we all realised that . toget to it would be a difficult job We ireat into my cabin and carefully overhauled the charts, and nearly all—except, I think, myself and Jack—thought the thing wou'd be impossible. I felt, however, that we ought to try it and Jack stood up, and catd that if I spoke the word, and the men vera willing, he would go. Well, my duty was to remain on my ship, and seeing that Jack VH the man for the job, and really believing that It was possible, I told him to ttke » e>c and man It with volunteers, and to trr to make for the wreck. Enough men were ready to «o with Jack, for he was immensely popular with them *U,and I believe that they would have rowed Urn Into -the Maelstrom itself if he had told them to doit. I saw that they had enongbjprovinons, and we gave them a hearty cbeerae they fell away. Yon know what happened. Wy got to the wreck, found wan «n board, and shipped tfcejp as fastaathey ccmtt; and, while Jack ws. ship went down. Our men lay by tor an hM or two, and picked up one or TOW more men; but no Jaok. They eay that " ™ of the men foand the ablp'e boat bottom upwards, and got afterwards pickednp.JBut amongst them, iope/ Andif he hadWi wlth them .. iihouldcertainlyhaveheardsomethiBgl „ m»o. If he is dead, poor fellow, badied atrue, have English sailor and^ntWa, •t his pest, and the navy new lost a better smarter officer. I loved him as my '• AV1I tlHtfeAf 1 - '--' ' - - m •' • - Captain Cardingtan's voice faltorsd,and he clearly spoke with very great emotim^ ^^SSSSStSS^iSS^ f^&.v not to pan without a seoond interview, which occasioned him the greatest consternation. He was a little surprised presently to find bis mother beside 1dm in the garden, and perhaps not a little pleased, attributing the oircumstance te her aSeotion for himself and her delight at his return.- Drawing her arm within his own, and stooping down to kiss her, be led her to a Beat in a shady plscp. Much to hia bewilderment, hb mother had no sooner reached the place than she gave way to aa attack of " nerves/' whloh seemed to be attended by considerable trepidation and hysteric \1 sobs. Margaret was better accustomed than he ti his mother's infirmities, and he was on the point of running to the house to coll her, when Mrs Cardington recovered h»r control of her nerves as suddenly as she had lost it^ and requested him not to leave her. Shessid— "Tonsee, my dear boy, that your old mother is not so strong as ahe used to be. The least exertion seems to leave me prostrate," A less genuine and sophisticated man than Captain Dick might have found in these words no more than a feeler for that constant stimulant of sympathy which had beoomeaneoesaltir to her. He did, perhapr, the worst thing passible, took her word as matter of coarse, and suggested medical advice. Mra Cardington rejected the suggestion with an injured air, and in cold, measured words began to speak c£ the matter In her mind. Ton have been talking to Margaret." , ahe said. r I saw yon fr-im my window. Oh, Disk, I do pity that poor girl.' "Yes, mother, you may well do that. Her case is awfully hard." "Wehave no tidings,"ehe continued; bat the words were BO accentuated as to amount to a qaeetion, and were followed np byaqniak searching glasos at her son's face. "None whatever," he replied. "Pcor Jⅇ, I am afraid, is lost." " Lost 1"* She repeated the word slowly and thoughtfully. " Do yen mean dead, DickF " I am afraid eo. We should have heard loug ago if it were no* eo." And we have not heard P" Na.'= Then yen think we must no longer entfrtain any—any hope of his return ? ' " There's not a doubt about it now." "Thank Heaves!"she said, almosb in audibly. Mother!" ciitd Dick, startled and indignant. I mean," she returned, in her former nnimpsKBiened tones, "that it is mnch better eo. This suspense was too terrible. It was telling on my spirits. It has almost killed Margaret. Sometimes I have feared that it was destroying her reason. We ought sow to be grateful that we know the worst. Ah 1 poor child, what a dear girl she is, Dick!" "Tee, hers is a very eweet and affectionate dieposHien." I am so glai that yon think so. I like to beer her praisee. She is so reserved and so saddened that people often da net do her jttEtiea, bat thick her cold and awkward. I am glad that you see the beauty of her character." Mrs Carding:os fanned herself. " I love her is my own child. I am sure that she could not have a happier home than with me. It wonld be a great blow to me if ehs left us," "Well, I don't suppose there is mnch chance of that now. If she had married Jack, she would, of course, have set up an establishment of her own, bat now that is all out of the way." " But,'" said Mrs Carding ton, gravely, she does talk of leaving ns. She says that life is too empty for her here, and she must choose out a carear for herself. She wants to do good, and even talks of going into a sisterhood." .. fisterhood! Why, she's not a Boatu Catholic, but ah Gagliih GhnrchwomatL" " Yea, but they have these sort ef things in the English Church nowadays: Mrs Wallace has been putting it int? hsr head." Captain Dick broke out in an impolite though perhaps naval explosion, in which Mrs Wallace and her saggestion fared badly. His mother smiled, but said— 4 1 Hash l" "That most never be," he said, aiore quietly, recollecting himeelf. I quite agree with yon. The dear girl must not be allowed to moon. " I tell yon what," said Cardugfcon, "If I were yon I would have Molly Ingram down for a bit." "That awful woman I Is she exactly— ahem—comme ilfaut, Dick P" I don't know. She's a good sort of woman, with a hard head, and can see through a brick wall as emily as most people," "I don't think I should care absnt it, Dick. I don't like unconventional young women." "Well, I wonld try, if I were yon IH undertake that you'll hear no more of the sisterhood business, if yon do." "it might be worth trying™ said Mrs Cardington, meditatively. " But this la not what I want to say to yon this morning. Dick," and Mrs Cardiogton'e voice trembled. "If Mugarei goes, it means rain for nte(" "I don't see that. Meg won't torn yon ont, and if she does, I think I crald give yon enough to live npon now." "Its not that, Dick. It's worse—-far worea!" "Mother I" " Jee," said Mrs Cardington, "the day Meg leaves me will mean my ruin. Do not ask me to explain. Some day yon will know, and then yon will lute your miserable mother. I have been foolish, wickei, and my Bin will find me ont. Oh, Dick, pity me, forgive me, eave me i Don't sparn your mother away from youl" and throwing herself npon him and clasping his arm, she cried passionately, n Save me!" " Mother, this ie extraordinary. What am I to understand P" "I cMinot tell yon; bat joa can save BIS J" "From what t' " Shame-r-djsgraee—rain 1" "How?" She looked sp into his face and laughed She kissed him. There was a fever on her lipa which flaehed his face, for somehow that kiss brought with it a flense of shame. That a man should ever feel ehame at a mother's kwsl And Chen she laughed 8gain, and patted his cheeks with her ring bedecked hands, as if she were playing with a jcfcild, bended man though he was, "The day." she whispered, "on which yon marry Margaret I shall he safe. I shall breathe freely again then." Captain Cirdington broke awsy from his mother's embrace, and rashed from Iter presenoe. CHAPTER VI. THE EMUODIX OF STTBTKEY. Away from his mother's embraces, with a n$vel sense of ska me burning his cheeks, and w£fcb deep bewilderment in ids mind, walked Captain Dick, without pansing to turn to look roand. as his mother, leaning leavilj tcpan hep daintjj^oldrheaded parasol stick, elowly retzaoed her steps to the house, with her eyee bent uponthegron looking for once her full age. .. Pair was he to understand this obtcure revel%tio£i which had been maieto himf She vu eviden% involved in some secret trouble which he was not able to aget And how was it possible for him release hecin the manner die hj»d mggeetedf Gco!d he > Jack , e loial friend, ever due to offer himself forfee racant place xn j^at^arefs hatrt, evnn supposing that It had became passible for her to so far forget the lopt lever as*;o listen to the The inland; at On in him, and bad any voice whispered to Mm the pae^bility of his reecmng her from the cans»qopn6es of B«ne indiacrelaooor error by an act of eelf-eacrifioe. lis moid gratefnOybaro obeyed tiu voice, boweverMeat t^vostiq^OBedv^aiiin^. Asitwas,tte voices were silsnt, as meal, and he was left witfi a new sense of responsibility npon him, and with a vague dread ot some indefinite element of mystery which eeemsd to have been introduced into the ordinarily placid and uneventful life at the Cottage, and which coald only be expelled by a plunge into some uncertain course of conduct saoh as a sailor, accustomed to steer by his chart, must naturally regard with mis givings and dislike. A long walk along the cliff failol to bring him any clearer views cf what it bshoved him to do, but only confirmed hiB conviction that if his marriage with Margaret was the on'yeolu tion of this problem, it was out of the question. He was always strictly honest with himself, and never nursed the delusion that he was invincible. Margaret he knew, looked npon him with sisterly rather thin cousinly kindness; bnt he knew that she coald never love hits as she had loved Jack, even if he himself, as the summer days went on, were to fall in love with her. "No," he Baid emphatically to himself, " that is absolutely beyond the range." Mrs Cardingtoa did not revert to the subject of her conversation with her son, and for some days they had hardl/ met, save at dinner and in the drawing-room afterwards, when Margaret was generally present. Their manner was certainly noticed by her to be rather constrained and foimal; but they were never demonstrative, and their effort! to maintain a decent show of mutual interest and sympathy did not occur to her to be unosnsL Mrs Cardington seemed to have reltpsad into the cimplacant and self - c 3nco ntrate i enjoyment of her novels and her little selfishness; and probably her son would have come to regard the scene in the garden as a mere hysterical display of faeling on the part of one whose thoughts were deeply steeped in the unreality of the world of fiction in which she habitually lived, had net a slight occuTencs cnce more revived his bewilderment. He had risen a> a very early hour one splendid morning, and hastily dressed in his flannels, with the intention of going ont for a dip in the sia. The servants «ere not np, and the front door was strongly bsrred and bolted. Not wishing to disturb the house, he quietly opined one of the Freneh windows of the drawing-room and stepped ont into the garden. His bathe might have been obtained from shore in front of the house, for the old sailor had not only cut a lig-zig path down the face of the cliff, but had also, at a considerable c~st, cleared away the rosks to make a narrow causeway of sand and shingle for h<s own convenience wh«n desiioHB cf bathing, and also for the piss≥ of a small boat, which he kept in a great fissure or cave in the cliff just underneath th> fUg-pos'. Bnt two miles away beyond the village was an attractive bay with a beach of soft sand and Captain Dick took ids way thither, enjoyed his bathe, and eat for half an hoar on the shore in the eanabine raading a baok which he had taken with him in his pocket- His way home led through the village, and as he passed along the straggling street he saw a figure oome quickly out of the post-tffi5© and tarn ap the street in the direction of Flag-post Cottage. Now, unless his eyes decsived him, that was the figure of his mother, and this was a surprising fact. His mother never got up until eleven or twelve o'clock, except under very exceptional circumstances, as when she had sought the interview with him in the garden. He went into the post-ciSee. It was the general shop of the village, and he often purchased tobacco here. The tradesman was just engage* in delivering the tnoraing letters to the postman; but was not so bns? that be ciuld not spare a moment for word or. two with the " Captain," as Dick was generally called in Northoombe. '' Morning, sir," he eai4, as Captain Dick entered. Grooi morning, C*rev. Hare yoa any •Gold FlakeT' ] Yes, sir. I had some in yesterday, so it i* quits fresh. How much, sir t" " Oh, half a dozan ounce paaketa will do. It's a fina mirning. I've been down for a bathe. Ton've had an early customer." 1 Yes, sir. Mrs Cardington sometimes steps down on fine miming3 for the letters. Mostly, tha old eervaat omes; bat she's been away just a fortnight, they te'l me, and the mistress hai been down every morning. A wonderful old lady, your mother, sir. Ah, early rising is a great thing for the health I" Here was a second surprise. Hannah, to his c«rtaiu knowledge, was at the Cottage. Doesn't your man deliver letters at the Cottage !" he asked. " Not sine 3 Mrs Girding ton stopped him Ton see, sir, he goes round by the top road to the Castle first; and Mrs Cardington said she would like to have the letters earlier, and by sending down yon have them an hoar and a half earlier." Oh, I see. Well, good morning, Carey. I'll josi overtake my mother." " Croot; morning, sir, and thaak yon." He hurried after his mother; but either Mrs Cardington had walked with preternatural rapidity, or she had stopped at some house on the wayj for when he reached the bead of the road, where be could command its whole length up to the gates which opened into the drive, there was not a homan being to be seen. It was impossible for ha to have already reached tfce gat as, unless she had gone at a running pace—and that was ont of the question. He decided that she had stopped somewhere on the way, and sat down on a gate to wait far her, But when upwards of half an hour bad passed, and no Mrs Cardington appeared, he went on to the hsnse, and found the front door open and Hannah in the hall. " Has my mother come in P" he asked. Hannah stared at him in amazement. "My mistress is ia bed, sir. She has had a very bai night, and will not get up until luncheon." He gazed at her in blank, speechless astonishment. An exclamation of 'impatience at the bare-faced falsehood by which she was trying to impose npon him almost escaped from his lipai bnt he checked himself and turned angrily away. " What, in the name of all that is reason able, am I to understand by all this?" he aaked himself. It is only fair to explain that the main road to the gates and the carriage-drive did not constitute the sole approach to the G>ttage. There was another way; bat Captain Dick was net likely to remember it, or, if he remembered it, to entertain the possibility of its being csed by Us mother. If, instead of pursuing the main road, she turned share to the left "fifty yards from the post-effise, she could take a lone, a narrow Devonshire lane, which led Straight down a gorge, or gully, to the shore, and V*s seldom need except by farmers who were carting seaweed or shingle. Then by climbing a stew bank she could enter the woods which lulled up the space along the coast between the village east and the Cottage west, and between the highroad north and Que sea south. These woois swept along ta the very edge of the cliff, and reached to a point within a hundred yards of the Cattage garden*, from whieh (hey were divided by a paddock and a high wall. But in the wall was a door, which opened into a shrubbery. Mrs Cardington took a path through the woodi wkioh was prob &bly; hardly ever trodden upon .save by the caastguardamen, crossed the paddock, and passed fchrough tfciB door, the low of which die carried. Then instead of taking a path through the shrubbery which would have brought her to ttie carriage-drive dose to the front-door, she uudtod aeide eome bushes and came to the f ot the turret, In which was a email jfeov completely hidden bar the luxuriant growth of evergreens, poi door ahe also unlocked, and ottmteng a stone epfral eaBe to time top of the tbwer, opened aaot door, ta&d; found herself in what was'known as the " Admiral* Boom .*' • Brebably. Captain Dick had forgotten this entrance long ago. It was supposed to have few inventedaa aneansof enap« in case <2 fire. Once, many years ago, he] had found his way from the " Admiral's Boom," and had noticed the door, and then had gone down the staircase still lower and discovered a second door, which led no cue knew whither. Bat his mother had never slnoe the time when she first took np her realdenoe at the Cottage, when hs was eighteen and Margaret three, allowed the keys of the tower te pass cut of her own posiesslon doubtless thinking that an opportunity for secret expeditious or assignations might be opsned either for her eon or the servant* if she did so. That hia mother should make use of a seoret entrancs never entered his unsuspicious mind. By an effort of will, before he had finished dressing, he dismissed the whole matter from his thoughts, and determined that he would emancipate himself from the oppressive influencs of the presenoe of some element of mystery at the cottage which had began to spoil his enjoyment of his stay on shore. At breakfast Margaret's face was a little brighter than he had seen It of late. She had had a letter from Molly, who said she would oome to spend August with them at the Cottage. Margaret was fall of delight fall anticipation of this visit, and remarked— " Isn't it good ot aunt to let me hava her here ? I know she doe* not think she will like her; bat I am sure that Mnlly will soon get into her good books. We most get up some expeditions for her." 'By aU means," said Dick. "Bat what do yon aay to our having one of oar old walks to 1 Ragged Castle' to-day ? It's toe fine a day to hang about here all the tim<9." : I osald go after luncheon," said Margaret. This was surely a step in the right direction. If he coald only get Margaret to cheer np a little, life would be less heavy for h s m as well as for her, and Dlok was beginning to find things rather alow. Mrs Cardington beamed approvingly on the proposition, and Margaret took out her sketch-book for the first time that summer. ' Ragged Castle " was an old ivy- clad tower, which stood on the edge of Hillborough Park, about two miles north of Flag-post Cottagj. The park belonged te a young nobleman, who had three other homes and a yacht, and seldom disturbed the quietude of his Devonshire castle. His house In L inden, his shouting-box in Sootland, and his hunting- box ia Leicestershire, carried him pretty well through the year, and a month or two at Htllborocgh was aa much as he could ordinarily manage. When they reached the ra(n they sat down, and while Margaret sketched Diok tried to amuse her by describing some of the more amusing Incidents of his voyage. He was jut congratulating himself upon at last succeeding in making her laugh by his most humoroas story, when an interruption oocarred by the arrival upon the scene cf a lady aud geatleman, the f rmer of whom held np an eyeglass and studied the pictnresqae, nnoonacloai of the presence of strangers. '' Charming J" they heard her saying. " A mest respectable old rain. It only wants the ghosts of your ancestors to make it complete. 1 1 am afraid I can't make them walk oat for your benefit by daylight, Mrs Feyle. But here, if I am not mistaken, Is a rather pretty girl, who will possibly be as aoceptable." Phis sentence wai spoken In an undertone, and the gentleman advanced and took off his hat. " I thought I could not be mistaken," be said. " How do you do. Miss Grantham ! How are you, Cardington ?" Captain Dick sprang up. "It's Lord Charlbury ? And can I believe my eyes," be continued, "Mrs Foyle !" "It ia Mrs Foyle," said the l&dy; laughing. " Oh, you know one another ?" said young Lord Charlbary. " Hew the — bat, of coarse, yoa ve met abroad somewhere ?" Jast eo; at Gibraltar, Halifax, the Cape, and Colombo. Mrs Foyle is oosmopaiitKn, and I have cszne aorcss he* ex heard of her pretty well all round the globe." Do intraduoe me to your sister," said Mrs Foyle. " My ootisin, Miss Grantham, Mrs Foyle," and Dick added something which Margaret did not hear. " This is delightful," said Mrs Feyle, drawing her aside. " I know Jack Ingram well, and h« told me all absnt yoa. We met at the Cape on the laBt voyage. Where Is he now!" " He is dead," said Margaret, quietly. " Dead 1" " Yes; he was lost at sea." " My dear Miss Grantham, you are wrong. Mf husband saw him three wteks age on bjard a steamer, and Baw him land at Southampton. Charlbary ! Dick, oome here—quick 1 Miss Grantham's going te faint. £ am afraid I have taken her by surprise. There 1B something QUITE wrong about this." Disk was jast in time to give Mangaret the support of his strong arm. Bat although she seemed on the point of losing consciousness she did not actually faint, but in a minute or two was full ot animation, and even gaiety. Jack was alive! Bat where was he? Why had he not come down or written? (To be Continued). 