SHREDS & PATCHES (By "Argus.") Alderman Wilson was on Monday last mulcted in the sum of "Language" £1 by "the majority" and a Fine. in the Munitcipal Coun cil for having used "in sulting language" towards the august Peter and his following. The language complained of was contained in a motion "Tas." had put into writing, in which the action of the aforesaid "ma jority" re the abattoirs affair was de nounced in terms of the "straight-out from the shoulderish order"-hence these tears. The motion was brief and considerably to the point, containing as it did such playful little references to the conduct of the Council as "serious injustice," "allowing spleen to over ride a public duty," "without a pre cedent in her Majesty's dominions," and "brands the Council with indelible disgrace." "Tas." has succeeded in getting his plain, unvarnished opinion of the "unsanitary" majority before the public, and even if he has to pay one pound sterling as a salve to the wounded dignity of the Aldermen referred to, I daresay he is quite satisfied. As "Conn the Shaughraun" replied to his mater nal relative when she told him he'd get six weeks in gaol for stealing a horse so that he might indulge in a glorious run with the hounds, "Begorra, mother, it was worth it." Relative to the foregoing incident, one of the horny-handed, The who takes an interest Aldermanic in affairs municipal, Fine. has sent me the fol lowing screed: I wants ter tell yer now Hof that haldernmnic row, Though at litel'atoor I haint quite a toff; But our Counsel, yer must know, Was onst a model show, Though, as yer say, it's now a trifle hoff. There was "Tas." who choose ter handle That theer habittory skandle Wen they sacked the cove who 'ad 'is dooty did, That theer job made "Tassy" square hup, An' with Peter 'ave a flare up, So the Counsel wants ter make 'im part a quid. "Tas." sutinly was 'ot On Mare Peter an' 'is lot, An' 'e told 'em pretty plainly wot 'e thort; 'B was sure it was not fare, An' hennythink but square, For ter luk uporn the publik wish as nort. Then Peter 'e got wild, and Father Ab was riled, An' Davy Storrer hup agen'im slid, An', sez 'e in style so 'aughty, 'Gents, has Tassy's bin so norghty, 'E must leave this chamber poorer by a quid. But the 'ole thing was a bubble, An' wot brort about the trubble Was that "stand" ter do a thing as waren't right, For the wishes hof the people Were nocked 'igh as henny steeple, 'An wen this ere's done, there's bound ter be a fight. "Tas." did 'is share and more o' fitein', But cud not suckseed in ritein' The wrong that Peter Mac. and Co. 'ad did; From the Counsel they carn't sack 'im, For the publick's sure ter back 'im, But to speak 'is mind will corst'im just a quid. The head of an important Government department in Launceston Severe. one day, some time ago, noticed a double-barrelled gun resting behind a door in the room wherein the clerks were working. "Here, you fellows, whose gun is this?" he queried, "and what is it doing here?" "The gun is mine, sir," replied one of the clerks, a young gentleman whose annual holidays were to commence that day. "Hum !" said the chief. "Is the thing loaded? Might go off, you know. Anyhow, it wouldn't matter if it did, it couldn't blow many brains out in this confounded department" This is another little storyette of the same old "chief." The Where time of the year was he should winter, and a remarkably Winter. cold winter it was, too. One of the clerks had been late at the office on several morn ings, and the chief, ascertaining the fact from the duty book, called the dilatory one before him. "I see you've been late in turning up at the office the last three mornings, Mr. Blank; how is that?" "Well, you know, sir," re plied the culprit-a stalwart young fellow-"it's winter, and the mornings are so jolly cold." "And you didh't feel up to turning out of bed," broke in the chief. "The fact of the matter is, Mr. Blank, you're making a great mis take in coming here during the winter at all. You should only work in the bright, sunny summer time. You ought to winter in the South of France." The Treasurer apparently believes in the old maxim, "Look after The the pence, and the pounds Cumulative will look after them "Brown." selves." In the second supplementary estimates for 1894 appears the following under the sub-head of "Pensions, retired al lowances, etc.":-"Jones, Alfred, late gaoler, amount short-voted in first supplementary estimates, 1894-2d." I trust Mr. Jones has retained those two humble though weighty coppers to serve as souvenirs of an ultra conscien tious Treasurer. Meanwhile L note the Government are expending a good sum of money on a new carriage drive round the Hobart Domain, so I presume the "pounds" are, as usual, left to take care of themselves. The hon. H. I. Rooke holds that Mr. A. I. Clark is much too Too Many fond of new and experi Bills. mental legislation. In the Legislative Council on Wednesday evening he was pleased to express his gratification at the fact that bills were not to be so numerous this session as heretofore. "As a rule," ex plained North Esk, "the Attorney General is very prolific with bills-I once said he ought to have been born a rabbit." What will'they do to Mayor M'Crackan next, I wonder? I notice Another that on Tuesday evening Blushing last he was initiated as a Honour. "Loyal Maid of Cornwall." All I can say is that the Cornish maids must be a unique old lot if "Sister" Peter is to be taken as a sample. Now, if his Worship had been initiated a "Loyal Bachelor of Timbuc too," I might have been able to grasp the why and' wherefore. I sea that Dr. Crowther, one of the M.'sH.A. for Kingborough, The has asked the Attorney Straight General if it is his inten Tip. tion to take any special steps to secure the party or parties who, under the guise of "ghosts," are causing much fear and anxiety amongst the youthful portion of the people of Hobart and suburbs. Hobart for years past has had its perio dical attack of ghost, so it's just about time something was done to lay this uneasy spirit. I would suggest the Pre mier don that celebrated Karkee uni form of his, once so vividly described to the House by its wearer. The coat, if I remember rightly, would fit a medium sized boy, while the "continuations" would provide house-room for a whole family. Arrayed in this formidable looking attire, let the Premier some dark night station himself in the lo cality where the spirit takes its custom ary rounds. When the ghost appears let him confront it, and at the same time start intoning choice selections from a certain work on "Shikar" in India. If the apparition gets over the uniform it will never survive the "Shikar" that is unless its capacity for swallow ing is much more extensive than I take it to be. A correspondent from the "Golden City" furnishes me with the The Chums true story of the two of Chums of Lefroy. Pub Lefroy. lishers of Sunday school works are warned that the matter is copyright, although the moral is free to all. The real, genuine, up-to-date history of these noble young men is as follows: "Yes, they were 'CHUMS' though not of a "PERPETUAL" nature, and although they had not discarded the infantile 'PINAFORE,' they believed in the good old proverb that 'UNITY' is strength, and while very young they often went to the sea to 'RECRUIT' their health. But "childhood's days soon passed and a 'GOLDEN ERA' lay before them. 'CLARENCE,' the school master, gave them his blessing, and warned them of the evils of this world. He told them not to worship the 'GOLDEN HEART,' which many had done before them, but to keep pure and unsullied like the 'MORNING STAR.' But, like the 'NATIVE YOUTH,' they longed to climb the 'GOLDEN POINT, AND CROWN' themselves with fame. At last, with the fixed idea of 'HIT OR MISS,' they decided to serve her Ma jesty as 'VOLUNTEERS;' but, alas! this was the cause of their friendship being severed, one going to the 'EAST,' and the other to the 'WEST.' He who went 'EAST' displayed such bravery that he soon became an 'ADJUTANT,' then a 'COLONEL,' afterwards a 'MAR SHALL,' and, finally, a 'BRIGADIER.' He then became acquainted with one 'LORD BRASSEY,' and became so in fatuated with him that he decided to remain in his service. The other, still trying to reach the ladder of fame, 'EXTENDED' his journey, and soon be came 'CAPTAIN,' But, his health fall ing, he relinquished the 'CENTRAL' position he had attained, and journeyed to 'CALIFORNIA,' and from there to the 'LAND O' CAKES,' but, being of a 'WAVERLEY' disposition, he decided to return to his 'CLANSMAN.' His health improving, he received his 'RE WARD,' and cried 'EXCELSIOR.' He finally settled in the lovely 'CITY OF LAUNCESTON,' midst peace and plenty." 