CHAPTER XXIY. A MIDNIGHT VI8IT0B * JUke a man in a aream, l walke* with unsteady footstep* down the avenue, through the shrubbery, and aorou the park to the oottage. I had forgotten my laton key, and the servant who had answered my ring welcomed me with a little cry of relief. " John was jsst a ooming up to the house for you, sir/’ she exclaimed, shutting the door again. " There’s a strange woman wants to see you moat particular. She’s been here more than an hour, a fretting ever so beoauee you wasn’t here.” " Where is she t” I asked, “ In your study, air. I see’d aa there was nothink about as she cauld lay ’er.’ands on before I let her in." I had no doubt but that It was the wife of one of the tenants on the estate, though why she should ohooae suoh a strange time for.her visit I could not Imagine. But when I walked into the study I saw at enoe that she was a stranger to me. And yet, no. I had seen her faoe before somewhere. She rose nervously when I entered, and pulled her abawl closer around her. " You’ll exouse the liberty I’ve taken in coming, sir," she began, hurriedly. " I ’a oome to do jer a service. Yen doant seem to reoolleot me, I’m John Hilton’s wife; him a* you corned to see t’other week." I reoegnised her atonoe, and beoamo more Interested. " You see, sir, it's like this,” she went on. •i My Jack, he’s had one o’ his drinking fits On, and he’s always mortal mischievous after one o’ them. He seems to a got a powerful sort o' a grudge agin’ you, and there’s that piece o’ paper as you wrote out, and he put ’is name to. He says as 'ow he might get lagged for that if you (bowed it.' ’ “ Well, has he sent you to try and get it away again f" 1 asked. “ Not he I If he know’d as I’d come 'ere at all he’d half kill me.” " Well, what is it, then I asked, *• Well, it’s just like this/’ she answered, slowly ; " he’s a coming himself to try and get it back agin ” “ Indeed I And when may I expeot him t” 1 enquired, beooming suddenly inter flfltode “ To-night." X leaned baok In my ohair, and laughed dryly. The woman must be mad. w’Tain’t no laughing matter, master,” the said, sullenly. "You’d a laughed t’other side o’ your month, I can tell ’e, If I fasdn’ a ohosen ter oome and tell ’e. He ain’t a* coming to ask you for it. He’s a coming to take it, and to pay jer baok something as yer gave ’im at our cottage— him and a mate.” I began to see what it all meant now, and to understand why the woman had oome, " And you’ve oome here to put me on my guard, la that it ?” I remarked. " Yes. Yer gave me money when I was starving, and I felt sort ’er grateful. And when I’eard them two blackguards a plan ning hew they’d settle yon I thought as . they just shouldn’t. If you puts a bulletin that ‘ long Jem,’ whioh la my man s p*l« I ahall thank yer for it. Jack’a bad enough, epeolally when he’s just getting ronnd from a fpell o’ drinking, whioh he is now ; bn® he's a aight worse. Casa him. He’a always a leading my Jaok into something. “ What time are they ooming 1” I asked, thoughtfully. “ I’ eerd ’em say as they’d meet at Cop t Oak, which is a mile from here, as Boon as it were dark, and hide until you was all a-gone to bed. I’m mortal afeard of their seeing me, although I shall go ’ome t’other way. ' I pressed her to stay at tho cottage for the night, but she stubbornly refused. Her Jaok would kill her if he found out that she had been here, she deolared. But be fore she went I made her drink a glaS3 of wiue, and fill her pookets with the bread and food which I had ordered in. This promised to be an exciting night for me altogether, I thought, as I drew out my revolver from the cupboard and oarefully loaded it. I was not inclined altogether to believe or altogether to disbelieve this woman’s story, but at any rate there was no harm lu being prepared. If I had gone to bed, there wonld have been little Bleep for me with my head atill throbbing with the vivid recollection of that terrible scene | in the ploture gallery. I dared not think of it, I dared not let my thoughts dwell for an instant on the inevitable consequences of whst had happened. The excitement of wbat might shortly take plsos kept me from the full Wakening realisation of the change whioh that evening’s events most make in my life, but underneath it all there was a dull aching pain in my heart, for had I not lest Mand ? Presently Marian and Mr Holdern ar rived. I had forgotten their very existence, and direotly the latter had taken his leave, Marian was full of eager, agitated ques tions. Why had I left so suddenly T Had I quarrelled with Sir Franoh Devereux ? What did it all mean ? Maud had gone to her room with white face and locking like a ghost, and Ltdy Olive had not again en tered the dancing-room. Sir Franols had apologised to his guests with the agitation of one who had received a great shook, and Bnpert Devereux none of them had seen again; and I was mixed np in it. What did it all mean ? " Hot now, Marian ; I will tell yon to morrow; wait until then,” I begged. But she wonld net wait. Then, with a great effort, I braoed my self up, and told her everything. She lis tened with ever-growing astonishment, and when I had finished she slipped down from my knee and sank npon the hearthrug. 11 Poor papa I” she sobbed. “No wonder you hate that Bupert 1 Beast 1 Oh, Hugh, Hugh, why could you not tell ms before ? I ought to have known,” she added, re preaohfully, “It could have done no geod,” I an swered. A wave of sadden anxiety passed across her face. “ Oh, Hugh 1" she sobbed. “ Char-, Mr Hold-" “ Mr Holdern knows all abont it,’’ I in terrupted. “I thought it right to tell him when he asked me for yon.” A great relief brightened her f*oe, and she smiled through her team. Even a woman la selfish when she is in love. “ I am glad he knows,” she whispered looking into the fire. “ How strange It all seems 1 Why, our name is Devereux ; yon will be Sir Hugh Devereux. Why, Hugh, Devereux Court will be yours soma day 1” “ Never 1” I answered, firmly ; '• nntil Sir Franois aBks my father’s pardon, and re ceives him as a son, I shall never take the name of Deverenx or enter the Court. I have sworn it, Marisn.” x “ And it was noble of yon to swear it, Hugh,” she whispered, ooming over and kissing me. “ They asy truth always oomes oat some time or other. Perhaps this will come right some day.” “ For our father’s sake, pray that it may do, Marian dear,’’ I answered, gravely. “ And now run along to bed, I have some writing ts do.” She lingered by my aide. “ Hugh, what are you going to do now J Yon will leave here, I suppose 1” “I must, Marian. Unless Sir Franois desires otherwise, I shall remain here until he has found some one else to take my place, but it will be as Hugh Arbuth not, his agent, only, and into Devereux Court I will not go again. It will be well for Rupert Devereux, too, that he keeps out of my way,” I added to myself. “ When does Mr Holdern want to marry you, Marian 1” I asked her suddenly, changing the snbjeot. She blushed np to her eyes, and looked at me half pleased, half reproachfully, “Hugh I How could yon ask me like that ? I—I don't qnite know,” “ Because you'll have to go away with me, you know,” I oontinnsd, “ I can’t leave yon behind.” She looked serious enough now. “Of course you can’t, Hugh. I don’t think I ought to leave yon at aU. Ton’ll be alone if -I do, with no one to leok after yon,” I pretended to look serious, as though considering the matter, but her piteous ex pression and quivering lips were irresistible, and I broke into a reassuring laugh. “ Not I, Marian 1 It is the best thing that oonld possibly have happened, When I have no longer you to look after I shall go abroad, wherever onr father is, and share his let. Country life Is beginning to get wearisome to me. I was meant to be a sol dier, I think. Now, Msrlan, yon most really go to bed. I want to be alone.” It was past twelve, and I was beginning to get anxious. But she still lingered for a moment. “ Hugh, I had almost forgotten, I have something for you, and a message.” I bent over my desk, lest she should see the light whioh sprang into my faoe. I did not wish even Marian to know my aeoiet. “ What is it 1 ’ I asked. •' Be qnlok.” “ Why, she oame to me like I’ve never seen her before, as lifeless and sorrowful as anything, and said—‘Tall your brother that I think he la behaving nobly, and that I hope we shall always be friends.’ ” “She said thatl'*' I exolaimed, starting ronnd, “ Mand said that 1” My sister looked at me am sued. “ Mand I I didn’t asy anything ’abont Mand 1 She didn’t even speak to me. It was Lady Olive, and she sent yon this.” I Btretohed out my hand for the gold topped ont-glass little smelling salts, which Marian was holding ont for me and laid it down before me. Disappointed though I was, it was a kindly aot of Lady Olive’s, and I was just in that mood when a man ap preciates auoh a one. For a moment or two I felt very tenderly towards Lady Olive ; for, reokless little flirt though she was, she was generous and warmhearted, or she would never have done this. “It is very kind of her,” 1 said, huskily. “ Qood-night, Marian “ Good-night, Hughie. Don’t sit np late, dear, and don’t fret. It makes me feel bo selfish, Hugh, to think that I can’t help being happy beoauae—beoause of Charlie, but I can’t help it, I do love him bo, and he is so good to me.” Then at last she went, and I was .left alone. First of all I pat a heavy shade upon the lamp and placed it so that no one oould possibly see it from outside. Then I finished loading my revolver, and pot a life preserver in my breast pooket, Gelog ont on tip-toe into the hall, I opened the passage door, and also left my own wide span, so that if anyone should attempt to enter the home from any room I must hear them. This seemed to me to be all that I oonld do, and drawing my easy ohair into the oorner of the room whioh faced both door and windows, I sat down and watted patiently with my revolver on my knee. At first the time did not seem long. 1 had oome to a crisis in my life, and there was muoh to think abont. In the twenties, however dark and donbtfnl the fature may be, there is always a certain fascination con nected with it—possiblitics, however remote, whioh the sanguine spirit of yontk loves to peer into and investigate. And so I sat and thought, and considered, and longed, without ever getting sleepy, or feel ing the spell of weariness. Two o’olook struok, and of a Hidden a onrlons change oame over me. I became so restless that I oonld tit no longer in my ohalr. Sober-minded people map sooff at each a statement, but I deolare that aome irresiatible impnlae compelled me to go to the nearest window and look cautiously The window was not one of the front ones, but was one whioh IookedBidewaya over a strip of garden, a thick privet hedge, into a dark black fir plantation, through whioh ran a private pathway into the gardens of the court. At first I oonld see nothing; then suddenly the blood died out of my cheeks, even from my lips, and I stood transfixed, rooted to the spot~my llpB numbed and helpless as though under the spell of some hideous nightmare. Wbat my eyes looked upon my reason re fused to credit, Turning from the hand gate of the plantation, without a hat, and with a wealth of golden hair streaming down upon a swansdown oloak was—Maud 1 It was impossible—it was rldionlous—it was beyond all oredenoe. And yet my straining, riveted eyes watched her walk slowly, with her usual stately, even tread, down the grass- grown path between the plantation and the hedge of the oottage garden, and disappear from sight. Though an earthquake had yawned at my feet I oonld not have moved. Nothing but sound oan break up suoh a spell as this sudden shook had laid upon me. And the sound came, for suddenly there broke upon the stillness of the night such a ory as I had never heard before—the thrilling, agonised shriek of a woman in mortal fear. 