THE ABSENT BRIDEGROOM. [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE," " KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE,'' ETC.] PART SECOND. CHAPTER III. TALK AND TEA—AND A LETTER. " Harry has refused to go, at the last moment, with the Arctic expedition, although to go with the expedition has been the dream of his life for the past two years. Need I tell you the reason why, little friend ?" The word " Come" may be in one of her letters, sooner or later, Alicia, he said to me the other day. What are all my adventures and ambitious dreams compared to that one word from her? Poor fellow ! You should see with what wistful eyes he watches your letters, and my face as I read them, for one sign of hope. And, my darling, he hardly longs for your return more than I do. All the sunshine seems to have gone with your sweet face from our old home.'' That was one of the concluding paragraphs in Miss Alicia Leonard's letter, and very thoughtfully, a little sadly, Sydney folded it up, and sat musing long and deeply. Why should she not say that word ''Come'' after all, and bring Sir Harry Leonard across the ocean, to claim her as his wife ? No one would ever love her better, no one would ever be more worthy of her love. And home, and two loyal hearts, would be hers. Here she had no home ; these relatives of hers could never be tried and trusty friends. Mrs. Macgregor, cold, hard, calculating, repelled her ; Catherine, cynical, mer- cenary, old at five-and- twenty, at times she revolted from. Her heart was as untouched today as it had been five years ago when she was Bertie Vaughan's plighted bride — no man of all the men she had ever seen, had ever awakened any stronger, deeper feeling than cordial, sincere friendship. Frank and heart- whole, she had gone through life— it seemed to her must ever go. She had her ideal of the man she would like to marry, if she ever married, which she was not at all certain of, but certainly none of the men she had yet met approached that idea. No doubt she ex- pected too much — more than she would ever find. Why, then, not write ''Come,'' and go back with Harry Leonard to that bright English home where Alicia awaited her, and where she had spent nine such happy months ? She did not love him — no ; but she liked him well, and love might follow. Why not write ''Come' ' to Sir Harry Leonard ? ''Now, Sydney, my dear child,'' says Catherine, putting in her head, and looking imploringly, ''don't sit mooning there by yourself, and forget all about the conversazione, I beg. What ! the Cornish postmark again ? From the baronet, I bet.'' For Miss Macgregor said ''I bet,'' and ''I guess,'' was well up in the expressive slang of the day, and could use it with killing effect at proper seasons, on her victims. ''My letter is from Miss Leonard,'' said Sydney, folding it up. ''Ah ! Miss Leonard— with an enclosure from mon frere. Sydney— own up— don't be so dread- fully secretive. I am sure I tell you everything. You are engaged to Sir Harry Leonard ?'' ''Am I?'' ''I am sure you are. Young, good-looking, rich, a baronet— how could you refuse him ?'' ''How, indeed ! I never said I refused him. I never said he asked me. Miss Leonard and her brother are two of my very dearest friends. Has the dinner-bell rung ? I never heard it. Tell Aunt Helen I will be down in three minutes.'' Thus civilly dismissed, Miss Macgregor goes more and more at a loss to understand Miss Owenson. ''Her very dearest friend !Ah ! but I don't believe in the very dearest masculine friends of handsome young heiresses. But whether engaged to the baronet or not Dick hasn't a chance, not a ghost of a chance— of that I am certain. Not that his poverty would stand in his way — she is just one of those foolish virgins who will fall in love with a beggar, and raise him to the dignity of a prince consort, and consider herself and her money honored by his lordly acceptance. Such a man as Lewis Nolan, for instance. Catherine Macgregor's face darkened suddenly — perhaps as heiress of a million it was a folly that even she might have been capable of. Dinner over, the young ladies dressed for Mrs. Graham's reception. Miss Owenson, as has been said, did not yet wear colours, but black velvet and point lace can be made a very effective toilet, when crowned by a pearl-pale face, and feathery- blonde hair. ''Too matronly,'' Catherine Macgregor pro- nounces the velvet ; but the rich, sable folds falling about the tall, slight figure, the square, classic corsage; the white tulle roses and stephanotis, would have delighted the eye of an artist. Miss Macgregor herself shines in the azure resplendence of her silver-blue silk and pearls ; brunette as she is, some shades of blue, by gas-light, she finds exceedingly becoming. "A daughter of the gods, divinely tall, And most divinely fair,'' quotes Dick Macgregor, as Miss Owenson comes forward, her black velvet sweeping behind her. ''By George, Sydney, you look like a princess royal, or something of that sort. Only black and white, too ! How do you do it ? The other girls pile on the colours of the rainbow--Katie among 'em ; but you have a look somehow, a general get-up''-- Dick waves his hands, vaguely hopeless of expressing his meaning in words. Sydney laughs, and takes his arm--his sister cries out in indignant protest. ''Only black and white indeed. Only black velvet and point lace— a costume fit for a young duchess. That is how men are deceived. Every one of them at the conversazione will echo Dick's cry--'only black and white'— modest simplicity itself-- how economically and tastefully the heiress dresses-- what an example for those gaudy, extravagant butterflies around her, and all the time Miss Owenson's costume will be far and away the richest and most costly in the room. 'There will be nothing like that point,'' says Katherine, with a sigh of bitterest envy, '' at Mrs. Graham's conversazione tonight.'' Hang Mrs. Graham's conversazione,'' growls brother Dick ; hang all such shams with their fine French names. Its a cheap and nasty substitute for a decent party ; instead of a German band, and a sit down supper, scandal, and weak tea.'' ''The tea need not be weak unless you wish it— the scandal I acknowledge,'' interposes his sister. ''Sitting ranged round the walls, a crowd of guys, proceeds Dick, in a disgusted tone, ''tea handed round in Lilliputian cups, and all the guys jawing in pairs, as a matter of duty. 'Talk and tea \--that's what Mrs. Graham's conversazione comes to in plain English ; and hang all such shams, I say again.'' ''Then why come, my dear boy ?'' inquired Miss Owenson ; ''why make a martyr of yourself, why immolate yourself in the flower of your youth and loveliness, a victim to brotherly duty ? Why not express those natural sentiments of your manly heart at dinner, and Aunt Helen would have mat- ronised us, or even poor dear Uncle Grif might have been reluctantly forced into the breach. Anything to have spared you.'' ''The Cousin with whom I go will make even Mrs. Graham's talk and tea go down with a relish,'' says Dick, gallantly ; ''and if Nolan's there— as he it pretty sure to be— we will have some decent music, at least. I'd rather hear that fellow sing than any of the so-called stars of the day.'' ''Mr. Nolan is musical, then ?'' says Sydney. ''He has the face of a man who can sing.'' ''And men who sing at evening tea parties, like Tom Moore, are flukes as a general thing,'' answers Dick. ''Nolan's an exception, however. He never does sing, except at Mrs. Graham's; and whether he sings or is silent, he is as good a fellow as ever breathed. He was out with us the first year, and fought like a brick. He has just Irish blood enough in him to make fighting come naturally, I suppose. For be it known that Dick Macgregor- Captain Macgregor to the world at large is only in the bosom, of his family for a two month's furlough, and his regiment awaits him down in Virginia. It is the second year of the ''Unpleasantness, and Dick Macgregor went out with the first. Mr Nolan's one talent, leaving his forensic abilities out of the question,'' says Katherine, ''is a passion for music. As a boy, I remember, he would come in and sit down at the piano, play harmonious chords intuitively, and rattle off street tunes by ear. As he grew older, Uncle Grif, exceedingly vain of his boy's abilities had him taught. Did I tell you that Uncle Grif adopted him, in a measure, when ten years old, and that to him Lewis owes it that he is a promising young lawyer to-day ? He is also organist of St. Ignatius', where you and I must go some Sunday, Syd, and hear one of the finest choirs in the city.'' They have reached Mrs, Graham's, and enter with a flock of other guests. Most of them Miss Macgregor knew. Friendly greetings are exchanged and introductions performed on the way upstairs. ''I hope the evening won't drag.'' Katherine re- marks, as she adjusts her ribbons and laces. ''Dick is right ; as a rule this sort of thing is slow. Talk and tea are not the most stimulating amusements on earth. If you feel bored, Sydney, be sure you let me know, and we will leave early.'' The guests had nearly all arrived when they, de- scend and make their way to their hostess' side. Mrs. Graham is a large and cheerful-looking lady, in mauve silk — that ''refuge of the destitute'' — addicted to embonpoint, good nature, and colours that ''swear,'' as the French phrase it. Katherine Macgregor's face is known to every man and woman in the room ; but who is the tall, regal-looking blonde, so lovely of face, so distinguished of manner ? And when the whisper goes round that she is the Miss Owenson — the rich Miss Owenson just returned from Europe, Miss Owenson becomes the star of the assembly, and Miss Macgregor and Mrs. Graham are besieged with pressing aspirants for introductions. It grows a bore in time, but Sydney shows no signs of boredom in her gracious face. Still it is something of a relief when she finds herself in a quiet corner, with Dick devotedly beside her, and free for a moment from her court. ''Oh, Solitude, where are thy charms ?'' says Dick. '' ' Oh, for a lodge in some vast wilderness,' where talk and tea are unknown. Let's sit down here, Sydney, and be a comfortable couple. Here is a book of engravings ; they always turn over books of engravings in novels, if you notice. Let us live a chapter out of a novel, and turn over the engravings.'' He thinks, as he says it, that there is not a picture of them all as fair and sweet as Sydney herself — a slight flush on her clear, pale cheek, the golden hair flashing against the rich blackness of her robe. ''Your friend, Mr. Nolan, is not here,'' she says, as Dick spreads out his big portfolio, preparatory to examining the engravings. ''Isn't he ? Very likely not. You see he is a young man of uncommonly high-toned notions — poor and proud, as they phrase it. As Katie says, he owes all he has to Uncle Grif. His mother and sister are dressmakers, I believe, and as yet Nolan hasn't achieved any distinction worth speaking of. He never goes anywhere ; his voice would open no end of doors, but he won't be asked for his voice. He makes an exception, somehow, in Mrs. Graham's favour. Ah ! there he is now.'' The piano in the back drawing-room had been going industriously since their entrance ; but now a new hand — the hand of a master — touched the keys, and the grand, graceful notes were wondrously different from the young lady- like jingle that had gone before. This was the touch of a musician, and the instrument seemed to know and respond. ''La ci Darem'' was what Mr. Nolan sang and played ; and the pictures were untouched, and Dick and Sydney sat absorbedly listening. It was a powerful tenor, with that veiled sympathetic vibration — that undertone of pathos in its sweet- ness that reached the heart. ''I don't care for Italian opera,'' says Captain Macgregor. It's a deuce of a bore, as a rule ; but I like that. ' La ci Darem la Mano' he is singing now. Niceish voice, isn't it.'' ''Niceish is a new adjective to me,'' responds Sydney, laughing, '' and one that hardly applies. Mr. Nolan is the fortunate possessor of one of the finest tenors I ever heard, and I have heard some good tenors — Sims Reeves was one. There, he has finished ; how sweet, how tender those lower notes were ! Surely, they will not let him stop.'' ''Oh, he is not stingy. When he does sing he does sing — nothing niggardly about him. I have heard him rattle through a whole opera bouffe — shriek like the soprano, growl like the bass father, shout like the chorus — take 'em all off capitally, I assure you. There, he is singing again. Let's follow the crowd and see him.'' They leave the table aud make their way to the other room, where Mr. Nolan, in regulation evening dress, sits at the piano, and where Katherine Mac- gregor leans gracefully against the instrument, fluttering her fan and listening with downcast eyes. (To be continued.) 