THE STOCK BOARDS. If any body is interested in watching how the Stock Boards work, they can keep their eyes on Albury ! If any man sits at home and growls, it's easy to find fault, but if a man gets up and looks for himself, he'll find this local government business of ours a curious one. It's easy to find fault indeed, but there are men who would find fault if they were in heaven. The fact is that men find fault for exactly the same reasons as men drink whisky, and what those reasons are every man must settle for himself. From one district comes a complaint that if the small men get on to the Bench they will levy heavy rates, pay big bonuses, and make a profit to themselves out of the scalps. From another c? i-^ti ict cornea the complaint from the srr»xaW men that the members of the board — who are also small men — pay themselves out of the funds of the board, and so rob the rest of the small men. From Albury comes the complaint that the big men on the board have levied no tax at all this year, and — it's not fair. The reply to the last complaint is a simple one. The board had funds in hand, and no tax was required. But what is all the row about? There is no earthly system of Govern ment that would please everybody. When these blundering Britishers of ours get to heaven — if ever they do — and find that the language is not English, they'll write to the papers and raise a row if they have the ghost of a chance. That's our way ! But all this trouble over stock boards is due to the inherent ' cuseedness ' of our race. Some of the men who are out of office want to be in, that's a bit of a trouble, and some men object to paying any assessment for tho general good, but when a man objects to the failure to levy a rate at all then things are mixed. But the bold fact remains. The same laws aiTect all the men on the land, be they big or be they little. All the men on the land are the same kind of men, they are mostly human, spine of them very human, and they're alNbrethren, whether they like it or not. \Ifc'ri no use us cutting each other's\throats and fighting against ' each other. The common foe of evil legislation is at all our gates, and we've got to stand together or else we'll fall together. Tho agitator gets hold of these miserable little divisions and widens them for his own contemptible purposes, and we foolishly look on and smile — i£ it is our agitator. A nice lot we are, truly ; but the Albury trouble ought to open our eyes. 