LADY VEENSE'S PLIGHT. BY MES. HTTNGERFOED. Author of ' Molly Bawn,' &c.; [published by special arrangement, copyright.] CHAPTER XXriI. ' The prize that the pleasure enhances ? The prize is — at last to forget The changes, the chops, and the chances, The wheel of Dame Fortune's roulette.' (Contimied.) They have a merry hour or two walking about ttao place, after which they ifetnyn to the hon»s keeper's roora, v?bo?e & dointy tea is prepared, Peter himself has arranged it all ; many sbakes have been givon to his old head aince, through the armoury windoc?, ho sow M.ts. Clarka'e frietada qo iaaghiaK and ehattoricg through ihe gBrdena jafit e-8 tnong'i '' they wvxe lords ana ladies,' t*ays old Pa-or to himself, 'And, by jingo ! 'twoaidci'i; .-arpriss me if they proved jast go I' Tea is over. A voi-y oa?ly taa— indaed, it is basroly fivs minutes after foor ; hut when poo plo have to cotch ti?Dii)S, other peopla havo to burry up, nuleos thay want thorn to g° away huogjy. At ail evante, ifc wns a very jolly meal, sodEhoda, who boo baan perfo?co dumb fos so loDg a time, has beeo for the gayoal of the gay quartette. ' Do you fenovy, after ell,' oaye Brando, cost ing a o?itiosl, if loving, eyo over Ehoda, ' thofe I think Gernld wqb Fight ? Thnt gown dees be. come yon. Bat do you eve? think of tbe old Rown.°, Bhoda? That npeciol one— you ramem ber it P All lc-.ee, aad lace, aad laoo. It V7aa 0 sort of porpstaol billow.' 'I Eemembop,' noyo Ehoda. 'Do you know,' leaning ncross the table,'! lovad that gown so well that I brought it with me. Could,' raising her hnnds ond giving a half-mopry, half pathetic glance all Foond, ' Solly fapthe? go P I confess, however, I have never had the pluck to unpack it— it or my diamonda.' ?? I was ao glad you took them,' sayD BrsBda. ' Wollj I don'fc kno^. There they are, yon flee. They might go well be pomewhore alee for all the good they oeq likely to do me.' 'I don't soe thot. Diaraonda ore diamonds, and to leave them to him !' ' Oh, I shouldn't have done that,' soys Ehoda coldly. Thwy had told hep o good deal about him dacing the afternooc 'I ahould have sold them rather than do thot. But don't let as talk about diamonds, or anything, except oar own solves.' 41 Tho moat inexhaustible topie o£ nil,' soya Tom. ' Let us 'begin at; Dantie,' saya Ehoda. ' I am afraid Gaaton'a loot vioit woo a worry to her. She saw him, you toll tao, and he woa very rnde. Well, he wqb sure to bo that. But I hope auntie ? ' She pouQ8B suddenly, then risoo to he? feet. All the colour dies from hoi? foop, r»nd she stands silent, storing with ail fuer might at the door. Everyone is inatantly et?uek with ajnaaemont. Brenda in ta/n stapes eit thn doo?, as thorjgh os peotin^ Dome oppnyi'ion to walk thyouRh n. 'Ghosts !' soys Tom, aucking his giess to his eye, a?)d proparing to enjoy himself. Never did ghout, hovyevec, giva tongue ay this ghost piven it. 'Mrs. Clarke! Mvg. Clcsr ko !' Clear nnd eager comeo the voioo from tho passage out side 11 Good hoavano !' oays Rhode, relaxing tho hold of her oyo on (be door, find proceeding to iold her bondo in the ortbodos faBhion. 'Mro. Clorko!' Agoin cornea the voice— clearer, more anxious, 1 and nearer, much nearer. The anxiety wbs no thing, but the DRBTneBB ! *? Ifc is ho?' says Eboda, in a panic-stricken tone. 'He?' apkB Beendo. ?' Mr. Dfoytcn.' 'Ho! Why, that voice is young! Yon am qnS.t© mistake-,' cries Brands in a frightened whiBpes*. 'I am no1-. I know his voice, and ho is com ing— coming hero. Oh, Btennc,' frGMtioallv, 'why did yon wear that gown P Why couldn't you have borrowed an old dtevfi from Higgino P Any olfi thins? would havo done.' ' It is on ombaGcodo !' Hoys Tom frantically. ®- cstches hold of Brer.da. ''Ob, hasten! Oh, Befc ns not linger! Ob, &? l—loi u« fly ! -for r/o must I' Brenda ! A*© jou goiag to stay hero to he BGOBBsitiHted P' 'Oh. Tom ! Djn'c be a fool jaot nor7 !' on frcats B.'endn in on agony of dismay — whilst Gersld, wafcohing her with Totn'a arm roand her, howevae lightly, leto faio suopioions come to e heod. As for Ehodos ahe has grov^n palo as doafch. ?To have a thing opmng upon you suddenly without being given time for preparation of any -sort is to know dofeofc. lihodu foolo defeated. He is coming. He will see theoe cousins. He Will thiaii— wiiot will h@ ihlnh? At all events, no time is given her in which to think ! Once ogain comes the voice : ' Mrs. Clarke, are yoa there P' A resounding knock on the door follows hie last e^ll. ?? Ys9, yQ9,' returns she tremulously. She had hoped, perhape, lo keep him cutsidn by thia weak response, but if so she otie in judgment. The door is opened instantly — if) flung wide, in deed — and 00 the threshold stands Dfoyton, 0 sheaf of telegrams aa usual in Ma hond. ' Ho seems to live on telegramo,' ds Ehoda tolls her self indignantly a little later on. 'I want to toll you ? ' begins be oegerly. But ho novoFB finishes his sentence. He otops. indeed, dead short, hia oyesrivotted npon the group within. CHAPTEE XXIV. ' I will serve her and will not spare Till her pity awake, Who is good, who is pure, who is fair, Even her for whose sake Love hath ta'en me and slain unaware.' Thp group hao its eyts vivestod on him iu turn. Not a word ifl sooknu. E?en Tom K-.:nrick, wbo is convulsed with innppropriacu lnn.-hier, fiudw nothinp; to soy — perhaps that is why. Drayfon stands an if BBtoniMhraBafc haa croatod him d fix u?o on tho throaliolil, nart all iho othwru otfJiid on thoir oartiGular ucrop oi oa?p»t as damb foundtH-) as himself. Pof .Drayfcon, tfsn ffiotnant ici an foil of eaibar raaqmont as it is of woude?. He rolonrs hotly. Whst will sho tbiuk p Tiiat he pu.po'cly runt Ind b«-y, nnd ctiitie homo to — to 'and hot oat, as it were P Thore is tlio train that takes peoplo nwny frnm f-bis p-'irt of the worl'J, rtt -t o'clock, and hfl bud firmly bfliavod that her — visitor- would have^'ono by it. Ho had thought; of one visitor only. He bad mis-sod his own train, and all the afternoon had chosen to wander aungry, with out lur.cfoeon of any kind, ovo? tbe country side, until tho bell 'from the station assured him tbat the foor train had goue by. Ho thought if unlikely tout bar visitor would atay bo.yond that tr-:in, ;^nd ocd hurried bocor, snxioo'i to l«y before bor tdo telogv- ftrns that had mat hita tit tho railway station. He h-id kept them in hie pooVet all this tioao, ralhor than oaoais hor any dihtufbsnep, or let her ttiiuk tbat bo w&s; prying upon her. But now — now P PorhiipB the fiffst Bonaution ho has on seeing hi« tiousekBppflf'e visitors is one of mad delight. Tfirwe ! ' Tiroe is trurapoify,' aa r. 11 iba world known. But who am taosa people ! FriondH of the boQBok^cpor P Did eve? yab bouas keope? enteitaia suob faobiyuciblo h'iends ao thi-85 P Broida ie looking at him from bohind Shodo, with n dii inctiy frightened glaneo, but with as juot a die met cmio-itv. Dffiyton'o eyos fall on bor, ond ro^llj it woul : bo impossiblo for oven an explores1 to misandast'ind tho baouiy and ujuoninc; of hor ^xtraaioly Fi'znefa — her ' too, tco, Frsach, F e;.ch gown.' As for 1 ho you -i^ nun, Gerald Kf.nvick i-: an filled with co/jfa»ion &?- any young naon need bo, whilst Tjuj is fiilod with somstamg eke. Tom, as hm been said, is cocsucued wita mirth. Drayton's eyea having trovolled to Tom, rest there. Where hag ho seen tbis man before P Satrely ho hao aeon him. Tom's lean, dark-clevor face io one not easily to bo forgotten — and those satirical eyes, too ! Druyton'o memory pullo itself together. Yes, it was at the Junior Oarlton, ouroly, that he had soon him. And Kenriok v/as hio nomo. Ho had o royal mommy for namoa ond faces. Eon= sick! la her name EonrickP An foe -.Q? — hh gnze now vyandera from Tom to her. Sbo is Btanding a little fonvoFd, aa iif prepared to tnke tbe bUaie of everything, ond tie can Sds that she is very coloudass ond vei'y unoasy. This knowledge cnReru him in sumo odd way. Way should sho stand there almost trambhng, and as though sha ware afraid of him P A frown settles on hio brov7. 'I beg pour pardon,' ho says in on uncom promising totio. '' If I had known you had f*ienda with you, I Qhoold not hovo dreamt of disturbing you.' ?' You do not disturb mo,' says Ehodo. ' I regrot, indood, that my friends aro Lore now, but you told mo you were going away for tho wholo day, ond I thought — I thought' — with dowueaat eyas—' that I ftkoald not bt- wanted.' Every wo^d sho says maddono him the more. To speiik like this, as if flha waro a servant and he 5s er niesty?, bofos'O th^ss people — hop? does [-.he day© to do it ! Sbe has, mdoed, shirked th0c'8if,' but ho is quite owara thn,t s'Qe has droppoiJ it oaly bfieanoa Bhs fiuds it impossible to a.^y ifc with these thrsv listerjiEg. ' Wanted !' aay» ho almost choking, ''you ► p'jnk oh if you. thought I should nob mako wolroaio thoee — thosr— — -' ' Followera,' says Tom Kenriek oolomly. He ba*j cunquorod his first obullicion of mirth, and H now prtijjQfsd for nnyttiing. Ho ig, indeed, fully impresHod with the baauty of tha situation, nnd is ra,idy to go all longtha towarda the per fecting of it. 'Ah!' oays Drayton. He now looks even mora keenly nt Toqj. ' Coosina !' e-oereots B?onda, in her quick sweet voice, catsting o furious little glanoo at Tohi. 'The two things ore not incompatible, my dear girl/' nays Tom mildly but firmly. ' Oou sine, jf-'gardod in tho li^ht of followajr, oro in our cloirt qaito de n^aonr. I'm nur«, bit,' oi drossing Di-avton with an oxagger&tod; air of de foronct*, ' you will acknowlodgo the uuth of my k-emGrk.' ? I fear I hsvo notstndied the oubjaot qs doeply as you have,' Goys Drnyton drily. ' Ab, trm- ; you Luikad the opportunity so open to us,' sayti Tom, witva a low bow. 'Look hofd, Tom, drop all that,' soys Gerald, in an inJigaant tone moant to bo a whisper, but audibly to ovory booI in the rcoia. 'And vrhy P' demands To En, regarding him with a mouvafui ey«. ' A?o you aobamoc1, Jorry, of yoar rank iis lite P la if. b^cim-jo you hove put your Sunday cloth's cm ro-dny that you would deny your hamblo origia P I'm sure Mr. — Draytou is tho aama, isn't it, mirp — would think but sacanly of onyone who ? ' Hero Rhodo, hevin^ tried twice to wither him with o {jlanco, Dnd failod each time, now makes an ongry geoture. and takes a step that places h@£ bofose bim. Tom, thus estinguisbed, is | p^fss^d bsck by Gopal:1. aad Brond , u,.o a corner, end thoeo kopt prijonoi1. tliouga ell tho time protesting with aan.iu and feafcures, though, moroif ally, without wot'du, ' Tharo bob aomo'fcin^ ycu wiobod to Boy to me ?' aays E,hoda, lookiaa; diiroct Dr. Dtflvton. 'A more trifls, ' says he s'owJy. ''It will keep. P.'oy do :;ot lee Ei'j latorrapS yoar meet ing with youi' — iiiande !' Sae had amid ' irioDdo' The protty little girl in gjoy had ustcl ' oounms.' He doeo not for give hit* mystoriona housekeeper bei* detormina tion to beep him for evor outside her life — to rafuifl him ihs baroBt priviJege.^ of friendship. As he opooks, ho turno owsy from hoi1 towarda tbo door. ' I fancy it io not no trifliog dq yon Bay,' says Eaoda, f'-llowing him. 'Do not' — in a low tone — ' mako me cooro undat-py than I ana, by o.mpslling mo 10 know I isuve failed ia my awy' 'To m..ke yoo anooppy !' He tairna oborply. '- What is it, you want?' ' GriVfj me yoar corao2onda now,' colouring wcumiy, as a non of sbynoss ovorcoiaan her, ofc tbe thought of receiving ' Oirde.s' whilst Brendo and Gerald and Tom aro looking oo— Tom, whosa gaioty to 001 to be sappresarfcS ond who paisiets in looking q^ the wfcob touig m a sort oi ' morning pacfovmanee.' If you will come into another room wild ma, I con hoar nnd remembef better what ig required of mo.' ' Ooms thou,' saya bo qaiatly. He stands aside to lee hor pasa him, as though she were? Q duchesss anii, with a compiehenbive fiance t) the thuue behind hev, sho laavss tho oom. They enter tho library. She onteirQ it first, and he?, following, cIoscjs the door behind him. 8h« has moved up to the big black ook table, and, having gat so for, stands calmly there, like one awaiting orders. Hsreyos are downooet. Somo baavy velvet curfcaias, banging against the second aoor at the upper end of tho i'oom, arm right behind her, and ohe looks quite beauti £al (too boaufiiul for Dsfuyton'o peace of mind) as sho otands thup, calm, dojeoted, and with one small delio&te; hand resting on ths table, and nothing to reliovo the blacknesQ of t'aot long stfoight dross save tbe dainty whiteneaa of ths fifillings at hor neck and wrists. A sort of coftainty that oho was laoghing bsforo be came makes her sudden sadaeoo now a misery to him. A very roge of anguish makes bis voice harsh. He spoake. ' What doss this meon P' ogisa ho passion' cjtoly. She lifts her eyes for a second only. Then they fall ogam. But, pale as oho woq before, oho id paler now. ' I regret,' begins she faintly. ' You rogretP— yoa !' iaterrupfo bo vohe meatly. 'Why will you treat me like this ? Yoo must be the dullest womon alive, if you think yon h(»vo anything to regret. And I ahould bs tho dullest man if I believed you ; you know right woli that ? ?' Ho pnusos ; whatever tho snndnesc of the moment had tempted him to sny ia not quite soid. He conquers himself ia past; 'Toot I would gladly serve you — in any V7oy.' ' I know that.' ' You know it, and yot you receive your eon sina in that little hole of 0 room ! Is not all my house firee to you? Dj you kuow, too, that I should bo honoured by your making uoe of itP Am I—' he coniea nearer to her, and lays ?;i8 hand upon tho toblo close to hors— ' am I your enemy that yon tre»t mo liko fcbis P' Thers is passion that nmoanta almogt to v'-q. lei)Ofj in his tv/n?, yot his eyes are full oE no thing bat the tandoroint rapronfih. Ehodr, Eiakea him no answer. Perhaps she couid not t?unt hsrsolf to Rpesk. Indeed, aft8»* a cvuoi etruf»gla with herself, aha Rivon in, aad whes at laat — after tho oilouca has proved too terrible — ho loolro af, ho?, it is to soe tho tears running nilsntly down hop cheeks. ' Don't !' Bays he hoss'aely. ' Don't do that. Whnt hove I said or done that you should Buf fer like this? What n b?ote I must; be! and yet I only meant — ell I wanted wos to maka yoa hoppy.' ' Hoppy ! —I !' Sha lifts tho snddeafc eyes in oil tt-o world ti his. ' Yos, yon,' says he sturdily. ' Why should yon not be happy p The world is bpffoie you yet, and because — brcoase yoa HGve lost one thing dear to 50a, is tbera no hope that you may find something 0I8' ds dear ?' (To be continued.) 