DR. CHALMERS AND CARDI NAL VAUGHAN. (To the Editor of the Evening Penny TosLJ Sin, — 'Whon I wrotoon l;liiH Hiilrjeol; on April 25 I was Unwilling1 to writo, bull I foil; bound to corrout; Htato monta muclo by tho Anglican Bishop, who ol'ton HpoaicH of truili. I no]oo(;cd tlirco jkhiiIih out of many in Dr. OhalmorH* addrens to tho lato nynod in hiw oathodral. Firnt — 'Tho Church of Homo no longor euros to face tlio argvnnonli from Snored Horipturo and primitive Ohi'intianity.' Socond— J)r. Chahnor.s attributed to Cardinal Vaughan these words : ' Tho Mother and Child should bo inseparably worshipped with that perfect adoration wmoii is due vo uou. Third — His claiming1 tlio Eastorn Churohos. To provo tho first ho gave mo in his letter of April 27 tho most loarnod and most ominont Englishmen of their day, Cardinal Newman and Cardinal Manning1, referring mo, too, to thoir books — ' The Development of Chris tian Dootrinon' and 'The Toinporal Power of tho Holy Ghost.' In my letter of April 30 I showod briefly that, both books wore made to rest on Saored Scripture and Doctors of tho early centuries. Perhaps Dr. Ohalmors may have an edition of Newman's Dovelopmont written whilst ho was a Protestant minister, and may not liavo in it much Scripture I have an odition corrected by himself whon in tho Oath olio Church, and it is full of Scripture, as far as could bo required for his subject. And how Dr. Chalmers could, if ho road these books, givo theso eminent convorts to the Catholic faith as not caring to face tho argument from Saored Scriplmro and primitive Christianity is vory wondorful. To do so in tho oaso of Cardinal Nowman is to vilify and defame him. To do so in tho oaso of Cardinal Manning is to -vilify and defamo him. Wonderful, too, was his roply to tho second. .He gavo mo tho London Church Times (an Anglican paper) as his authority for tho words attributed to Cardinal Vaughau. Those words, if truo, would bo vory con voniont for him, for they would show that Cardinal Vaughan was in opposition to Cardinal Moran on a most important point of Catholic teaching. Dr. Chalmors cannot havo forgotten tho learned and beautiful and full replies of Cardinal Morau to his contention that Catholics worship the Blessed Virgin as they worship her Divino Son, true God and true man, as also to othor assertions of Dr. Chalmers. Ho then had Cardinal Moran and tho authorised teaching of tho Catholic Church on one side, and ho had on the other sido tho authority of tho Protostant London Church Times to provo tlio accuracy of a quotation which, if true, would provo that Cardinal Vaughan held horotieal doitrino, as I properly called it. He might, with tlio same love of truth, take tho Protestant Standard iu Sydnoy to provo a statoniont of Cardinal Morau on a religious subject.. With that olaBB of evidence before him, in a solemn address to his synod ho puts down Cardinal Vaughan as using tho words given in the second point. In my two previous letters I had no doubt about its being falso, and a not unusual fabrication on the part of Protostant writers ; but two days ago I got the Catholic Times and Catholic Opinion of September 13, I89f). Dr. Chalmors gave mo the address of Cardinal Vaughan as given at the Catholic Conference in the Colston Hall, Bristol, England, on Monday, September9. 1 havo boforo mo tho magnificent address of Car dinal Vaughan on tho Reunion of Christendom roi'orred to, but thoro is in it no roferonce to tho Blessed Virgin. On tho provious day — Sunday — the Cardinal preaohod on tho Blessed Virgin after the consecration of a now church in Bristol, and this must be tho address roferrod to. This Catholic Times, being a paper of high character, may be taken as giving Cardinal Vaughan correctly. Tho text of his sermon is ' Behold Thy Son : Behold Thymothor.' (John. c. xix.) After poiutiug out the hope given to Adam andEvo after their fall in the picture of the Woman and Child, tho Woman to be the counter part of Eve and tho Child was to raise the human race to sanctity, wo find tho following : — ' And that Redeomor was to be the fruit of the womb of a virgin; and the Mothor and tho Child were to be tho pledge of our happy immortality.' The Cardinal showed the Woman and Child were kept boforo the people of God iu the Old Testament down to tho Angel Gabriel getting her consent to become tho Mothor of tho Redoemor. We then find tho following : — 'Sho was thus associated with Him in the great my story of tho Rodomption and luoarnation. She pre sented this Child who was to crush the serpent's head, to destroy the powor of tho spirit, and to restore to the childron of Adam a now and bettor life— she presented this child as soon as Ho was born to Joseph, who repre sented in his own person tho Church of God in the Old and tho Now Testament ; she presented Him to tlio poor shepherds who oamo to her; it was through her hands that they received His benediction ; she prosonted Him to the wise meu, the kings of tho earth who had come from afar. i-he was associated with Him in tho presen tation in the temple, and it was her arms that lifted Him up and put him in the hands of the high priest, so that with her and through her His infancy should bo conse crated to the lovo and service of God. Thus they saw sho was olosoly associated with Him, and this intimacy continued not only for tho thirty years which He spent under hor guidtmco and iu obedienco to her word, but when ho went forth to preach tho Gospel and to endure His passion and death.' The Cardinal shows how sho was with Him through His life to His doi.th. Sho Avas, thoreforo, united with the Incarnate Son of God, not only iu the momout of the Ino imation, but through the whole course of her life. These words follow : — 'Tho two were inseparable. Those who did not belong to the Catholic Ohuroh oftou uttered words of reproach against Catholics as being either superstitious or as paying to the creature the honour duo to God, or as in a foolish manner uniting by an inseparable union Jesus and Mary togothor. Catholics were reproached be oause when they said tho ' Our Father,* they added to it the * Hail Mary/ They were condemned because tho praises of Mary were constantly on their lips and in their hearts. Yet who were they who were Scripturally united ; who were they who were purely Biblical in their worship ? Surely they who honoured the Woman and the Child ; surely they who looked upon Mary as Jeaus looked upon her.' In that quotation Cardinal Vaughan says that those who did not belong to the Catholic Church uttered words of reproach against Catholics as either super stitious or paying to the creature the honour due to God, or as in a foolish manner uniting by an inseparable union Jesus and Mary together. Singular enough, and with cruel perversity, the Protestant Church Times of London puts Cardinal Vaughan down as saying as Catholic teaching what the Cardinal states as being uttered by Protestants against the Catholic Church There is then no doubt but the Church Times of London fabri cated a gross falsehood against Cardinal Vaughan and the Catholic Church, and Dr. Chalmers only retailed the gross falsehood against Cardinal Vaughan and the Catholic Church. Many Protestants are very sincere, and if they got the catechism which is used to teach the Catholic children through Australia, they would then learn what is really the teaching of the Catholic ?Church, which must be in substance the samo all over the world. Very likely, too, they should say we at times heard things very different. As to the Eastern Churches separated from the Homan See : Although separated for several hundred years before that thing called the Reformation was begun, these churches generally teach the old Catholic doctrine as taught in the Catholic Church. They xejeot Rome, and are off the Rock, and on that account are as strong in rejecting Rome as is .'English Protestantism. But these churches have less ?connection with English Protestantism than with Rome, and could not bo taken as strengthening English Pro testantism. Dr. Chalmers, in his letter of May 'J, says—' I havo :uo intention to rojDly to the Right Rev. Bishop Lanigan's theological utterances.' I only stated that the quotation put into Cardinal Vaughan' s mouth was heretical. There was not much need to reply to that. Ho adds — *( But there is a matter of fact in question,' From tho first he had no sufficient justification to put forward that matter of fact, so reproachful to the Catholic body. The correct statement of what Cardinal Vaughan did really say puts that matter of fact in its proper place. Dr. Chalmers also says — -( Bishop Lanigan and tho ?editor of the Church Times must settle tho matter between them. To further this end I will oommuni 'cate with the editor by the outgoing mail.' Dr. Chalmers insults the Catholic body on the authority of ?a London Protestant paper, and the satisfaction we get is he will write to that paper, as if it should be taken as authority to settle our complaint. But we do not ?want it. In Dr. Chalmers' notable address to his late synod he lectured controversialists on the Roman side. In his remarks he drew a very good picture of himself. — I am, yours faithfully, © Wm. Lanigan. Goulburn, May 9, 1896. 