^HE'G«EEK GOD AND THE ? V MODERN ? : GIRL He-mil r,1' where iunl when .tho'' follonipB ;ocnufrwl mnlters not. ''Sufficp'to say it~ foioli jpliice in Cartl S. r .'?':? '.?'?-? ;'' : ?.' i: ' ' Outwnnliy lie was one of that djjjjo ot ntimnii i'ty which .tlin old Bi'.iijptorfl were fond of |»-r- truyiuR. . In hmsh1 lie was nbout live f«- t nine or ton inclios, pn/1 lii-otd of chest and fhonldorn but lithe 6f Ct;urit arid movement'.': His thront was full anil roiindiT:ind carrieil a! head wrll piiisod mid covered with, rlustfrinj,' black curls. His fiaturi-R wprii '.alrnwfc'; regular enough to ?imi'H bi va ;. chiselled ; his oye was large, full. ? uml dnrlc. nrid .-. his face innocent of ivhair in spi'e of his 2^ suinmcrsnn'l wiuter-. Inwardly he wiis less perfect; nntllii-re'n nature had kept ? to hw law, \i!x:iC.-\:;-^-:.:: ?;,'?''' '')'?:??? ..'But, LayiiuUj'.'hesaiil.in a coiistrainecl voice an: I eager manlier, an lie j;azed down into the brifilVt -blue; py-s oftho woinVn *t h:s Ride who lcolcfe 1 'up Vat .'him witu h mixture of faiut eur iprise, rcii-m'jliht-ss'.:and:balf'roaske(i niHSterful .i!eEs,i 'VBut,v Lavinjaj.you are not in larnsnt, /ai^;you;?V,0..'^:-:7.;Vv'i.;::.^:;. ?.?.??': ? -'Jn faihrst ?' with & playful smile. 'Of cnufse-Iam', yr»f great' noddle.. We have been ifrien'ds— you';k'i)bw.: Platonic frienrfs— nothing ,more.' 'And you'liave undi Tstood that all along — ^at least-you citglit to Iwve done ; 1 mean you to do— so why. sricuM you be so surprised and pretend to be hurt becmise I accept the atten tions of another ninn H ? Kenlly, I haven't any patience with you men ; you are fo selfish.' And she 'turned' ow.^y to the little bric-a-brac coven d table oil hur \e't with a petulant look. '. For a couple of minutes lie stood looking at the buck of the nent, trim figure robed in a well jfltting dress of soft, dark material, and the coils of light-brown bair mingled with threads of seeming ; gold ; stood gazing at her na if he |utterly failed to understand the import of what jghe had paid, as if he could not grasp the new ness of the situation Then stepping forward [he laid his hands on her shoulders, turned her .gently round, looked down into her beautiful but weak face, and said in a voice husky with ^concentrated feelings — ' ' Lavinia, surely to God, you are jesting — are testing me. You have seen for months past what you were becoming to me — your woman's insight has told you that it is no passiug fancy, ?no mere time-killing vffair to me. You have .^iven me every encouragement, and at he end j of every voyage you have been glad to see me : *' Of course, I have ; I'm always glad- to nee -friends. But that doesn't say that I loved you,' ^interrupting him and looking & trifle more i serious. ; ' But why did you accept my presents r ! Why did you go with me almost everywhere ? i Why did you let me go on loving you more 1 and more with each succeeding voyagn when 'you knew you had uothing but friendship to jgive in return ? ' he asked passionately. : ' Because I liked you and your attentions, I .suppose,' she replied, faintly, turning away her 1 head as she spoke. , ' And you would let me go on headlong to ! misery for your own gratification ; you would see me sailing around the edge of a maelstrom 1 to please your whim of the moment,' and he looked at her fiercely. ' Lavinia ' — after a pause — 'you do not mean what you said when I asked you to marry I me,' do you ? You don't love Norman Fielding, ! do you ? You have only been flirting with him. '.Come, LRvinia' — his warmth increasing — ' say you havo been but proving me, and I'll love you and work for you as man never loved or worked ! for wnman before. Say you have not been ! flirtii'g with me, and I'll not rest until I'm in in command of one of the finest ships afloat, I and all for your sake.' 1 ' But what's the good of me saying that, ?Hector, when I don't mean it ? Come,' with the playful smile again hovering around her I eyes »nd mouth, 'come, we've played at pathos land tragedy long enough now ; do let us be sensible.'' And the smile passed away. for a moment I.e gazed steadily at her — she .returning bis look unflinchingly — in deep 'thought'; then quietly, with a hard, steady ?voice, he asked — ' And this is to be the end of it, then ? ' ; 'End of wbat ? How you do moke mountains -out of molehills !' : ' The end of. my hopes,*' still in the same calm, hard voice. ' Yes,, about marrying me. But we can be friends all the saine ** ; adding jocularly, and smiling again, 'I'll be a sister to you, you know. And you can come to me for ?» sister's advice anJ sympathy.' , ' Thank you,' he replied in the same tone ss b- fore, an:l taking his hands from her shoulders ho turned away. ' : A few minutes later he left the house and joined his ship and started on a voyage to Bombay anil back. Duiiug I he passage out and home again his brother officers nuticed that his accustomed li^l-t joyonsr.ess ot manuer had passed away, repartee. wns a thingof the past. Hector Stan forth had become a moody, thoughtful man, who had but litlle to say to anyone, and kept the seclusion of his berth as much as possible. i; Onliis sliip returning to Cardiff he- kept away from the house whore Lavinia Branscombe lived until tbe evening before be sailed on the next voyage. In the afternoon, after ascertaining thlit they would leave by the midnight tide, he si nt her a note requesting that she would grant him (he favour of Hn hour's friendly chat, and informing- her that he would call about nine 'o'clock.' ??' He could not, be wrote, get away sooner. And he received an answer granting his desire. ? ' . ?; At jh'o time appointed he called, rang tbe bell, 'was 'admitted, 'aiid shown into tbe little draw ing- room,' 'where sbe met him with her old lightsome manner and delusive ensnaring facial snnshiiiel' ; She was glad to see him, she said ; glad to welcome him buck ; glad ta see him look ing so'well (a near-sigbted pirson could have seen nt a distance that the past ten weeks had brought lines to his face, and had taken the fulneis imrt Jjlo'om from it). She asked him, with a roguish luok why he had not come up to see her ! oouer, adding,' that she had heard of his ship being in purr. And he replied that he hail beyii , unablo to get away because of havin« .cqmrneuced ,:to load the moment they entered the. dock. ' Have you,' he . aski d slowly and culmly after they hail chatted a w.Lile. ' have you tliini|4tU nny more, of what we talked about the nitiht before I went away on the last voyage ? ' 'No. Why sboulil 1 ? ' she replied airily. ?'There's nothing to think about— or at least uo need to think ol it.' And sbe shot an in quiring glanco at him. But be saw it not. H^s gaze was rivetuel on the tiger skin nt his feet — oni: of the ni'i seuts he had brought her from Oiilcutt''. 'Then you have eli cided to marry Field ing ? ' quietly and still looking ut the fangs in the upper jaw of tlie dead animal, ? : 'Yes, if he asks me,'' giving him another furtive glance. ' Then he hasn't asked j pu yet ?' after a, pause, and calmly as before. ' ''?'?-: - »No.' ' '?'? ???; '? '????'? .'??' ;'; . ' But you expect him to do ?' ? '---. ' Yes— but why talk about this ? ' ; His manner, for the first time, was taking effect on her. ' Can't we talk of something else,' she added. ? ' You are right, LnvinU.' ha said, liftiDg hi* head and looking al her, and assuming a more cheerful tone as lie added, ' Why do we want to talk about it P Come, give mo a gloi-» of wine, and I will drink you success in tho I matter and a long and happy life with him, then j X must be getting on board again.' '?.'?- ;.' Will you P '''she exclaimed, and her eyes lit up .with a sudden glow. ?? Now, that's what I call sensible. Shall I get yon « glass of wiij' ? ' eagerly. 'Yes, get me one, and 1 will drinrc to you as I bave said,' be answrnd, rising to his feetwiHi a new light in his eytp nnd tbe grim, deter mined purpose »t his heart, hidden by the ghost of a smile that crept over his face and lingered there for a moment. And leaving the room with a light, quick foot ttep and a suddenly gay mauner she returned in a few minut.es with a little inDanued trav con taining two glasses and a decanter of rich Malaga. 'I bave brought you your favourite,' she said, as i-he placed the tray on the edge of a table and pushed the bric-a-brac aside to make room for it ; ' one of tbe dozen bottles you brought for mother, and I'm going to have a glass with you.' And with a daring, saucy smile, sbe filled both tbe glasses. Tben lifted one in her slender, white hand, while he raised the other in Front of him. At this moment there carre a knock at tbe door, followed by tbe intrusion of a maid, wbo said — ' Fleaee, Miss Lavinia, the missus wants you at onco ' ' Very well ; tell her Fm coining,' adding, as she turned to her visitor, ' Wait a minute until I see what mother wants. I won't be long.'' And returning the glass to the tray, sbe hurried from the room sod closed the door behind her. As she went he also put down bis glR83, and scarcely had the door closed when he muttered — ' Now for it. I was afraid the opportunity would srip me,' and, inserting his finger and thumb into his vest pooket, he drew forth a very tiny vial. For a moment he hold it up to the light, and a fierce insane glitter tilled his eyes as he did so. Tben casting his gaze at tbe glass of wine on the tray, he murmured — ' If that Hindoo bus only told me the truth yon will have something to remind you in years to come, Lavinia, of the roan you so heart lessly fooled.' And without a moment's hesitation he poured tbe contents into bis glass, restoppered the vial, and returned it to bis pocket. Having done this he assumed an erect posture, outwardly calm and immovable, but with a wild insane throbbing at his heart, and a mad impulse surging through his unbalanced mind. At this moment of waiting at the eleventh hour, when he bad formed bis plan aud carried out all but the last culminating point, tbe tempter entered his brain aud made him swerve from the path he bad so determinedly set out upon to follow to the end. Why not, said tbe tempter to his crazy mind, give her the chance of the poisoned glass ? You bave as much right to live ss sbe has. Sbe brought your misery on you, and knew that she was doing it. She did it purposely just to amuse herself, Ifs only a chance. She may not get it. Bisk it, you will not be doing it purposely. It's only a gambling, a tossing which shall live, and you have the most right to do so. The temptation was short — it was quick, it was sudden. It came to him and entered his unhinged mind with the power and suddenness of an Alpine avalanche, as he stood there look ing at the tray and its contents ; and with tbe rapidity of thought be glanced at tbe music stool at his left, placed tho glasses at Exactly opposite sides of tbe tray, and the decanter in the middle of them. Tben lifting the tray gently but quickly from the table be put it on the stool, and stooping down he closed his eyes firmly, tightly ; and taking the top of the stool between bis bands he turned round and round, steadily and without haste, the game of life and death going with it, until it stopped. Then he unclosed his eyes. One glass was directly in front of him — he knew not which— and silently and swiftly he bore the tray back to the table, taking care to keep that glass door closa to him which had presented itself when he had opened his eyes. And there he stood, his fingers ready to clutch life or death he knew not and cared not which — the inBtant the entered. Slowly, as if each one weighted with a thousand worlds, tbe moments dragged themselves away. Never did time pass so slowly. . . And yet she did not come. . . . Even the clock on the mantelpiece behind him seemed to tick — tick — tick so desperately, so slow, as if it were a human ghoul or fiend enjoying with a demoni acal joy the fearful horror which now began to prey npon him. ... Was he going mad, he wondered. Was he mad ; his brain seemed to burn so. ... A rippling laugh struck on his heariug.strained almost to bursting pitch, and the door opened. Lavina entered, swung the door to behind her, and walking up to the table, with a happy, careless look in her eye and a smile enwreathing her whole face, she lifted the glass nearest to her, as he grasped the one by his hand, and said with a jaunty air — ' Now, Hector, give me your toast ' And raising the Malaga in front of him he said, as he forced a smile into his face) — ' Here's that you may live a long and happy life, no matter whom you marry.' And placing tbe glass to his lips he drained it at a draught, just as she replied— ' And here's that we miy both share the same fate.' And the next moment two empty glasses stood on the tray, while he examined his palate with his tongue to see ir he could detect any trace of the poison, and looked at her while doing so half expecting to see her start forward at every moment. Then he suddenly remem bered—the Hindoo had told him it was taste less. In five minutes more he had left the house, and was on the way for the Roath Dock Basin, where his ship lay, which he reached in safety, and in which he went to sea by the midnight tide. An hour later Lavinia had retired to her sideboard and given the glasses to the servant, who at once washed and put them away. On the following morning she was found dead in bed. And at the inquest tbe medical evidence went to show that deceased died from stoppage of the heart's action, supposed to bave been caused by ' some unknown poison ; but whether so, or how or when administered, there was nothing to prove. Aud when the s.s. St. Alfred returned from her voyage to the Indies it was reported that Hector Stanworth, the chief mate, had rushed from bis berth, where he had been confined for two days because of the loss of his reason, and jumped overboard during a squall oue night into the Red Sea. B. Pattbksoh. ? 