Anthrax or Cumberland THE NATURE THEREOF. Written for the ' Sydney Stock and Station Journal.' (By The Globb Trotter.) IV. A Scotchman once said to his neighbor, ' Hey, sauney, is a bumble bee a beast or a bird 1 ' ' Hoots,' said the other, ' nane o' your theolo gical questions ; you're spoilin' my drain ; here's tae ye.' If you come to ask the nature of anthrax you will strike a snag of that kind, because it's not what you would expect it to ANTHRAX HEART BLOOD OF GUINEA PIG. be. Jf you say that the germ of anthrax is a vegetable you get mixed, because we think of vegetables as cabbages, potatoes and things like that. There was once a north country pilot sent ashore from a scurvy smitten ship to buy some vegetables and he brought back a barrel of split peas. When the captain swore at him, and asked him if ho called them vegetables, he said, ' I never heerd them ca'd nowt el&e.;' When you come to discuss anthrax you get into a fog, because the tiling is so small that you can't tell what it is, but if you watch itn life history you'll ?see that it grows just as a vegetable (iocs, and it will lead a vegetable life in the, ground for years. That is proof enough of its nature. When a frog lays its spawn it requires water, for the gills of the new-born tadpole arc ouly fitted for a watery life. It is later on iu its txibten.ee that lungs are developed. A human baby has gill slits, like a u'ah, at one period of its life develop ment, and it passes through a com plicated process in its pre-natal course. But the anthrax germ has a real simple life history when you can road it, and it is only during recenb years that men have been able bo make out its record/ We have to thank the microscope for that. Poor old Anton Van Leeuen hoeck, that I was telling you about the other day, was one of the first to discover tho small things that live about us ; all unseen by mortal eyes. But Anton didn't get much credit in his day for that. They have a medallion in Delft Cathedral to his memory, and it did me good to bow there, for most students recognise now that he was a mighty man. He lived about a couple of hundred years ago, and he was the man who set us on the track of anthrax. Not that he had ever heard of such things, for germs, bacteria bacilli and ' sich ' are modern inven tions. It has taken us a couple of centuries to get where we are now, from his invention of the microscope, and we are not very far yet, are we ? There are men in the country who send bits of weed to me now to ask if I'll get them identified, because they think they are poisoning the sheep. When I go to see the sheep it's anthrax they died from, and the disease is spread by ignorance of its nature. In the year 1850 two Frenchmen were working with the microscope at the blood of some sheep that had died of what they called splenic fever. They noticed some little rods amongst the blood corpuscles. Here is a magnified drop of blood showing the thing itself. When you see it so highly magnified as this is you would naturally inquire what the black rods meant ; but in 1850 they hadn't got such good microscopes as they have now, and the rods were not so clear. In my office, if you look in some day, I'll show you this thing. I'll put a drop of anthrax blood under a microscope, and you won't see a sign of anthrax, even though the instrument will show you the structure of a root of human hair. When we put a higher power on, with an objective that magnifies aome hun dreds of times, tlu;n you kcg tho tiny rods ; they are fearfully small. Sup pose you put ib into figiuus, you'd nay they were the l-1000th of an inch long and the l-2000fch ohm inch thick. If you wore not very clever you'd think you'd knew how big thoy were then, but you don't. When you divide an inch up into a hundred parts you've got mighty small fragments, but if you tried to divide one of those specks into ten you'd do the same as I do, you'd give it best. If you read scientific booka and you read what Pasteur has done, you'll find more excitement in it aud more real pleasure than in any novel you ever read. But he wasn't the first to find phe gorm of anthrax ; it was a French man named Devaine, and it was left for Dr. Koch to work out the life history of the speck. He was the man who was going to cure consumption you remember. Pasteur was working at it, too, and about 1876 they both agreed as to the nature of the germ and its business in life, [f you want to know all about these microbes (from the Greek micro small and bios life) you can read the report of Mr. W. M. Hamlet, the Government Analyst, who supplied an excellenb paper on the subject to the Govern ment of New South Wales in 1889. It is published in a blue book on the subject of 'Pasteur's Vaccine of Anthrax.' You'll get all the hard words you want out of that ; but it's a real good report all the same. The first thing to do was to make sure that the tiny rods in the blood were anthrax ; the next was to learn the life history of the wretches ; and the next thing was to find a cure for them. That's the way the world will grow better in the end. We first make sure that sin is a disease, then we work out its cause and, finally, we'll make a vaccine that will cure it — but that won't be for a few cen turies yet. It will be ' When the strength of man is shattered And the powers of earth are scattered, From beneath the ghastly ruin Peace ehall rise.' Well, the germ of anthrax lives in the grass with the other vegetables. A sheep takes it in amongst the seeds. The sheep has a gore mouth or a rough throat and the speck of anthrax gets into the blood and begins work. That germ finds itself in the warm blood of the sheep and it grows. It doesn't want to get married, because it's a vegetable, so ib jusb breaks up as it grows into more rods and they grow into more and more until every currenb of blood in the sheep's body is carrying millions of them. The sheep keeps on feeding all the time. Ib may be a plump, nice sheep and, to look at ib, nobody would ever think there was anything the matter with ib. You can'b see the germs in the grass, you can't tell what is going on in the blood of the animal, but 20 to 50 hours after the beast gets the first speck into its blood ib stands still, drops its head, sways about, falls down, and is dead. That microscopic speck has divided and divided until the blood of the animal is full of poisonous specks and the sheep gives up the ghost. Now, what killed the sheep 1 The rods, of course : but you ask some great genius in the business and he'll tell you he doesn't know. If he hasn't studied the sub ject very deeply, he'll tell you all about it, for I've found out that the only men who know ' all about ' anthrax are the chaps who know least about ib. But you ask a wise chap and he'll con fess his ignorance. My own opinion is, but, mind you, it s only an opinion, that the miserable little vegetables set up some sort of poison themselves in the mystic process of growth and so poison the sheep. What makes me think that is tho horribly livid color that the tissues assume when the sheep dies. It, may bo, of course, that death ensues by the number of germs choking up tho blood passages, or it may be that they eat up the oxygen in the blood, or— oh ! you can't tell what ib may not bo. But this sure: The sheep dies and the blood is full of tiny rods that are all ready to start work iu a new sheep at a moment's notice ; or they'll start in a bullock or a man, or for the matter of that, in a guinea pig or a rabbit. They are wretched things that have no sense of selection at all but will begin the process of reproduc tion wherever they can obtain a decent toobhold. They are very wonderful chaps and we must discuss their methods in another chapter, 