Tiiinbai'iiiiilni. (FROM OUR COIUtESI'ONDENT.) THE long oherishcd hopo entertained I>y miners and others that the Tumbarumba mining district, may bo recognised by tho Department of Mines as a deserving locali'y to erect a quartz crushing plant has vanished like tlumlot's ghost., for on Wed nesday last a communication from tho De partment of "Mines was received by the secretary of the Milling League and Progress Committee through Sir. Lyne, which reads as follows :-" Dear Sir,-With reference to your correspondence urging the erection of a public battery at Tumbarumba, I am directed to inform you that in view of the report submitted by the members of iho prospecting Board, who, after carefully considering the matter, are of opinion that there is nothing to warrant tho Government in incurring the outlay which would bo necessary for tho erection of u plant at that place- tlio Secretary for Mines and Agri oulluro would not feel justified in acceding to your request. D. C. M'Lmjiilan." Well, a fow remarks on the foregoing may not be out of placo. For instance, had this battery opisoile originated from tho miners themselves a refusal from tho Mines Depart ment would have been accepted with good grucos, but as the Government proposed to supply batteries in mining centres where no plant exists, and then forwarded a refusal to a mining contre iiko Tumbarumbr, the re fusal has bcon received with tho utmost scorn. The necessity of this long-felt want in our locality has been pointed out oc casionally. Reefs in abundanco exist, but to cart tho quartz to Adelong, a distance of 40 miles or thereabouts, would leave but vory littlo remuneration for tho miner. To sum up, whilo the flurish of tho trumpet sounds t hrough the length and breadth of Now South Wales with regard to tho batteries the Tumbarumba mining diatriot is bound to say " good bye " Tho social at tho Centennial Hall in aid of tho Germanton Building Fund, which took placo on Wednesday last, was highly successful. To-night (Thursday) under the same patronage a juvenile danco is to bo given, and judging by expectations and pre parations of tho youngsters a roally enjoy able ovoning must ensue. Planting and replanting of trees and other necessary works aro boing carried out by the Ground Commi'too on tho show ground. The woathor is frosty at nighti and rain ia much neaded,-August 20. 