AHRIMAN. (WRITTEN FOR THE SUNDAY TIMES Br EDWIN J. BRADY.) "And Satan came also among them." — Job. When the mantle of midnight is darkly extended, When a silence of sleep hath enshrouded the earth, When the last fireside glimmer is fitfully ended, And the corpse of its' embers lies cold on the hearth, Then a nightmare descends on the faoe of existence ; Then a terror takes hold of the bird and the brute ; Then, away in the dark of the forested distance, The morepoke sits silent, the night owl is mute. Then the features of Satan grow pregnant of evil ; Then the hosts of high Heaven cling fast to the Lord ; Then the legions of darkness troop out with their Devil, And Crime and his allies stalk boldly abroad. When o'er the blue wall of the mists and the hazes The green of the gully is lost in the gloom ; When o'er the scarred ridge of the dark mountain places Thore falls a faint eoho from regions of Doom ; When o'er the bold crags where the tropical thunder Lies chained in the caverns of summits sublime: Where the lords of the forest are riven asandor By the scourge of the storm in the tempests of Time, On peaks tliat grow bright in the gold of the morning, That mellow and melt with the coming of night ; By billows of basalt, that stand like a warning To threaten the steps of the way-wearied wight; By wonders that woo like a girl in her passion, And then like a woman grow scornful and proud. That change with the dusk in chameleon fashion, And melt in a vision of vapor and cloud. When unspeakable darkness hath shrouded the mountain. When impalpable darkness hath smothered all light. Then aflame shooteth out from its fungus-fed fountain, And Nature recoils in the throes of affright. Then the heart of all being is charmed into terror, Then the pulse of all Beauty grows icily cold. Then the warrigal's wail, with its burden of horror, Dies out in the depths of the hell-haunted wold. Then dim in the light of the cloud-covered planet A shade from the silence, a ghost from Gehenna Is seen to emerge from a temple of granite, Of granite more lofty than Etna or Enna ; And Ahriman, up in the heart of the ranges. Sits weaving his spells in a parricide's shroud, Sits minting the coin that humanity changes. And laughing the fiend-laugh, grating and loud. But as the white moonbeams robe earth in new glory, The glory that dreams on the face of a child, When Death, like a mother, tho' hardened and hoary, Hath closed iu sweet slumber its bright eyes and wild. 'Tis then when the land lies all silent and smiling, When the world is the joy of the starred universe. That Ahriman s features grow dark and reviling As be breathless on the face of its Beauty— his curse. 