JlpfitiveDM. [COB THE " DEJICCBAT."] (Bimj - ' Wbem I had seated myeelt on the side of my bunk, Tim burst forth— 'In God's Dime, Dick,,what's the game. PJl stand by you while my name's Tim Msloney; but begora, I'm off this blind man's bnS business. .^ouVe been mopin 1 about this day or two'as If you'd seen Billy Cottier's ghost, or had got yer .maulers on \- hie murderer.' * No, Tim, IVc neither seen Billy's ghost nor can I pat my maulers on his murderer, but I know one that can.' « The d yon do,' eiclaimsd Tim, «and who may that he ?' ' Miss Fanny? -sprang t3 hie -feet, and gave a long, ljw wliulle. ' JBe the powers, Dick, but yer a wondher. Wtll might the boys call yon the liwyer of the gully.' Neit'morning. by daylight I was on my w*y to Mount Alexander, and Tim had by \- jnidd&y; industriously circulated the fact that I'was gone'for a week. >= ''7; * - .That ;night there; jnrksa fcigigatherlng at theRcpose'/ Miss Panny was herself again, and, but for & alight nervousness,'one Would never hare snspected that anything had hapened tOTUffie the even tenor of her way. SId 'Swinton was shout again. His still groggy pins and blood-shot eyes indicating the rara<;« of la£t booze. ' * Has* Dick gone to the Mount to bring \- home Billy Cottier's murderer ?' queried Miss Fanny,as the poured' out Tim's grog. ' 8orra bit of me knows, mc jewel,' teplitdTimj 'He's gota tlirack, lie - cays, anol a.moEtfd Jong thrack it most be if he's got to ipllow .it -Jjo Mount Alexander. Ifs meself . "ill he moighty glad -when be thracks it back . this way, and lays himself down.to -work again. Bad luck to the munlhering rascal Who - 'did tor poor Billy,' and Tim threw off fclgftrog.' ". .' *But doee bethink Black Peter "Is innocent, 1 queried MissFatany. Well, he''do and he don't if yon understand that,' repliedTimi '-One moment he wpp't-believe Peters heart is asblackas biff facie. bat thin thercV.that noighfc on the \- ranee, siirs we all saw— Tim's: further remark was drowned in a ehoutbf ' Goo P night, mother,' a® an old " woman bobbin into the shanty, and took hold of the bar to steady herself. . '•iGi'usadrink, miss/ spluttered the old woman, as she adjusted her sun-bonnet. 'Boift "«3>e {lightened lass ; IVe got money • to pay for it,' as she Applied her teeth to a knotin her diriy -handkerchief, and produced a shilling. She took the raw rum and drained it at A draught. * Ton couldn't do that, could ye lass. Perhaps yon think I'm drunk,' snivelled the old womsn,* but Fm not. I haven't tasted a drop tinoc I left the Diggers' Best, s'help nK. 1 Metayoung fellow there from Nug- ^etty, a regular toff, so he was;' shouted four time*.' ' 'ThatVmy mate,' interposed Tim. < 0, is be, lad,' chuckled the old woman, "Well, lot'saeeif ye'r as good a man's y'er mate. 'Mine'saram.' Boars of laughter greeted the old woman's sally, but Tin) was equal to the occasion. '^Boight ye' are,* he laughed, 'half a dozen if ye want them, but whafe yer game at Noggetcy, mother ?' 'Pre come to find Sam; he's my hueband, Sam Jenkins;know him?'she questioned, as she peered round at the group. 'i3To,motiier heain't hen*,' said a digger, yon'x on the wrong track.' -' .Am I tliouflh/ snapped the old woman, ' letiaeihlbneSlor «int; J -: • At this moment Swinton emerged from the inner Toomi -.. * Come drink up your grog old 'nn, you'll liarfc to inakefcreqlce cut of this,' he shouted. 'TWll I pow/sbouted back the woman, • Hot a step I'll budge out of here to-night, 1 and the drunken woman dumped herself down-.on the seat, dropped "her head on her breast, -Mid 'began to sn&re.; • i Old- Swinton ctosBoditbe .slianty, and attempted to mise ' No,^no,'Hiitlfrposed Isitf dozen, '•Give heiv«shake- do?rcii Swioion. -, 'flore one of yeV, give me a lift,' said Tim, and the - next moment she was half dragged half lifted into the little tean-to that served «s kitphen at-the rear of the tiring zoom. ' ' m m The Bepose was closed, or rather harrieaAed, for the night. The diggers had dispersed in ' two and threes, And wended their •way to the ranges, laughing and joking over file-events of . the evening. An hour later Urn might have been seen picking his way across the gully in the direction of Swinton's. At times he would burst into a laugh, and chuckle 'Well Dick, me bohy, you bate ould Kick himself.' •. « • « After the old mian at the Bepose bad lain ooilnd up>on the ehate-jlown for about a quarter of an hour she Taised herself cautiousl^ on Her elbow, and listened. Then springing to her feet in a manner hardly to be"?" expected "of the 'dead drunk' of an hour,,ago, she crept -on tip-toe across the zoom and placed her ear close to the chinks in th£ partition nail that separated lier from the common room. As she listened the voice of ICss Fanny rose— 'Look here, I tell yon again, Tve had enough of it. I want a cat, and I'm oS to Melbourne. - Dick's on the trail; lie knows something, ' Bah, -what can Tie know ? Besides when do you.<Mme in for a cut ?' ' WWt 1 . ft\a>DStscreamed Hiss. Fanny, ' are' you going tj throw me oyer ?!- 'Wel^. who nipped the swag ?'answered * Who -nipped • tjie swag!' sneered the woman, ' you did, arid murdered thc raan in your bungling? Who planned the-.jpb for you. and >saved youirom your o«ot Jfabblng tongue, yop eliicken-licaptod eta-, when you topk io. thjs boo^e 'to forget yonr CTSI deed ? X<ra have; tli£ ewag, but I hare Peter's hat, a^d by -—r, IH «win» you for it. Laugh, you. civ, laugh, but I'll be even with you.' ' ' We'll hpng together,my pet,* sneered the m^n, as. the- wonun banged the door after her. 4h hpitr passed brokenonly by Hie incoherent U,tterajic6a. Sof Swiiiton, as h« sat -over his gsog. Tfa^n even tlhSt oeassd, arid only tiie cteop Sflor^i of ,:the dranksn man broke the.stiUn^sa,. The old woman crawled baek to ^j^cora^r atd threw hereself- on the sacks Ifejalty had she atretdied hetself when the doar|fes. JpuihcS < upen and '- Miss Fanny entered.- J fiWl>e^t down and touched the oH woman, who turned her bee to tbe wall mfth a grunkrjMLd-.m(£ed: away, in ;her drobken sleep. rt Battsfied -at the' state of tke- oM •women the younger fme^ flid &<ff»y. . The next moment, revolve'r ^in hand, the old woman was .peering out into the little hall. A few strides and she had gained the doorway of Bwinton'sToom, and stood bareheaded covering Mise Fanny, who was bending over the old man with an uplifted knife. 'Drop thpt- knife,; woman, the game's qp.' in,a strong masculine voice. "With a pry of ' Disk!' Miss Fanny sank to thp floor.' " '... Old Swiatonlay tdth his bead on the table snoring in his drunken stupor. I opened the front door , to find myself (ace to face with Tim and half a dozen of the boys. Old Swinton paid the penalty of his crime, Miss Fanny having turned Queen's evidence. Poor Billys treasure - elt *waa uaearthed, and we bipuj^it Black Peter, '. -tck to U^ggetty. in triumph, On the mine of Swinton'^ old' chanfarXboi''- the H<-efvrti Army, and. from, that day your humble servant. Xifhanl Sim, eonj licensed victualler, is kpovn far and. wideae 'Petective Dick.' , 