THE MAN THAT'S DEAD. (Respectfully dedicated by the Bullctia to the directors of a certain Vict.rian bank.) The bank was broke and they all agreed That somehow the money had fled away Had fled like a spirit that deash had freed From its tabernacle of earthly clay. So they figured the lost coin up and said That the assets were "shook" by the man that's dead, They all agreed the accounts were mixed, Though no one knew how it came to be; And no one could tell how the books were fixed Or who was the cause of the mystery. For these bulky tomes bound in red Had been muddled and mixed by the man that's dead. They mostly had overdrafts large or small, Or middle-sized, as the case might be, And these overdrafts, taking them all in all, Were built on most shaky security, And ti? board resolved that the coin it lent To itself, and which it had "blewed" anid spent, Had quite unaccountably melted and flid Thfough the shameful neglect of the man that's dead. The big reserve-fund was wholly gone, Like last year's dew on the wattle tree; The capital went like a ghost at dawn, The bills were as bad as such things could be; And naught remained but a bad, bad smell, For the big stone bank was an empty shell; So a sad wet tear the directors shed O'er the wickedness of the man that's dead. Hon Tom Loader was most touching in the witness-box when he referred to his wondrous faith in the dead manager of the City of Melbourne Bank. " I must confess, though," said the ex-chairmau, with a sigh of new-born sorrow. "that that confidence has been considerably shaken as the result of this examination." It must hbe terrible to feel obliged to kick a corpse. From London Daily Telegraph leader: "England is so united that she need not be in the least disconcerted even though two hemispheres at once menace the Queen of Civilisation, the BRansomer of the Slave, the Mother of Free Governments, and the Mistress of the Seas," One lie, one hypoc risy, one self-delusion, and one empty boast. The inquest was resumed at "lallarat on Wednesday on the body of Mrs M'Carthy, found murdered on St. Patrick's Day at Canadian. The following verdict was returned by the jury r-'' We are of opinion that Mrs M'Carthy niet her death or the 17th March, by being foully murdered, but there is not sufficient evidence to prove by whom the murder was committed." The Argus is printing day by day doleful wails about the sorrows of poor parsons in the country who have to bring up in. ordinately large families on inordinately small salaried. Yet it is hard to see why the poor parsons are entitled to more sym pathy than the vihtims of the Arguasy friends and client, the sweaters. When Minister Peacock was trying to force his Factories Bill through, the Arg es egged on the overfed council to eject or mangle the measure. Yet the Argu now urges its Tory readers to subscribe for the poor parsons. The prophet E iah was fed by ravens. The parsons, aided by subscrip tions from Argus readers, will (Butbltin).be fed by carrion Crows. 