LITERARY NOTES. FHOM the Review of Itecieics Melbourne agency we have received a batch of penny and twopenny volumes intheMasterpieceLibrary. They consist of The Queen's Diamonds, by Damns ; Uncle Tom's Cabin, by Mrs. Stowe; Xur.senj Rhymes, with original illuetrations; and a selection of the poems of Roljert Borne, which make their appearance appro priately when the centenary of the Scots poet is beins celebrated. Mr. Stead does not profess to give more than moderate measure oi Harris's verse, and we are bound to say that the eelection has been made in a liberal and unprejudiced spirit. A TOUCHING story about a barrister who got- bnt one brief during his life is told by Mr. Lucy in the Utrand Magazine on the authority of a Q.C. "A letter reached the Q.C. in the handwriting of an old college friend, telling a pitiful story. The writer had been called to the Bar, hoping some day to land on the judicial bench, even if he did not reach the woolsack. He had no in llaence and very liltle money. No business came his way. But he held on through long years, patiently hoping that some day his chance would come. Now he was sick, j Srobably unto death, and had no money to j ay food or medicine. A remittance was promptly sent and gratefully acknowledged. At the end of a fortnight it occurred to the Q.C. to call. The ladylike woman who opened the door, bursting into a passion of tears, told him he was too late. Her hnsband had died that morning. The two walked upstairs to a small front room. On the bed lay the body of a man of about forty years of age. fully dressed in wig and gown. In his right band he held a bundle of foolscap. 'What is that?' the old friend whispered. ' That,' said the widow, ' is the only brief he received in the course of nineteen years' waiting. He asked me to dress him thus, and put it in his hand when he was dead.'" EDHCND CCETIS, the " boy poet" dis covered by the editor of London in an india rubber factory at Silvertown, whose abilities would appear to have created something like a sensation, has, thanks to a liberal-minded gentleman, been taken from the factory for three years' education. Here is a specimen of his verse describing the contrast between the morning and evening chime of the factory bell " And &1! in a moment the streets are alive. As tlie tollers pour oar, like bees from a hire. The streets are awake with the tramp aud the noise Of the workers-the men, the women, the boys. Onward they pour to the factory Rates, Behind which the mewrre-paSd labour awaits The labour that stifles the mind and the soul: And, lost as they reach them, there sounds the last toll Ot th£ factory bell, the morning bell. Harsh are the notes of Its tuneless knell, Calling them hack.from the dreamland fair Celling them bank to the world of care Tbe loud-dangiag.iaouuy bclL Bnt when the great engine is labouring alow. And the last few sunbeams with gold are aglow ; When the heart is content and the brows become d«y, And evening is drawing her vdl o'er the sky. And work is'all over, the tools laid away All bright for the use of the eoon-ooming day. l^prkl All of a sadden, a rush and a bound, For sweet to the ear comes the now-weloonw sound- .. . Of the tactory bell -tot the evening W1: ' Welcome its tones in the eveninc swett: Galling tbeni back to the'fireside bright, tod arieaant me*l inthesr»twfngfct "" iw«cot»ef«ctOTf taLv tjiVelist nsually inclines to Hie Hodgson Burnett, author ol ( Jf, has written an eighteenth cenifu^^to^' uipder the title of A Lady oj and screamed, flogging him. " I'll tear thy eyes out! I'll cut thyjiver from theel Damn thy sonl to hell 1" The father at onoe loveH and admires Ms little daughter.. Ho dresses herin^boy?BJolotbes,aad«ne spends nine happy years tiding Astride the wildest bones, or bandying lewd je#t« with grooms, kennel- boyB.aod berfatherte " boou rom panions." 4H»e reads no i$j»4 meet* no civilised companions; 'but-oh h6r Hfteeath Mrthday »he saddeplrdeoidt* |6 JtK; My. Har fatter fdvei # 4tnner-p«tyon f£ieopo» *iop, «nd when ike dothi» removed «be standsonber chair, breeched «n«|*miUng. "&ookyoar4a;«t4 - - claimed in her hf_ _ Jirtbtrtjittkoftbel hidden wf your last before 1 go to don my fine ladys lorbelows." .She returns on the stroke or midnight, clad in snmptuous feminine ap parel ; " the majesty of her eye ana lip on" brow made np a mien so dazzling that every man sprang to his feet beholding her." From this she develops into the conventional heroine of the ladies' novel, a womftn whose physical charms provoke rivalry among the j men and sobdue the haughtiest. She marries twice. WHEN stage-coaching was at its zenith, (writes Mr. Blew in Baily's Mayaunc) pace, if not everything, at any rate counted for a great deal, and coaches osed to race. Nor was the racing confined to coach against coach. Ou the North-road, as Captain Howorlh relates, " Old Lai," a man with no legs, used to race, and beat the fastest coaches on the road,in a kind of two-wheeled trap drawn by three, and sometimes Soar dogs-old foxhounds! The poor old man's end was tragic. He was returning to Luton one night, hut he never reached hia destination, and on a search being made-he was found dead in a_ planta tion with pieces of his shattered vehicle near him. It was surmised that bis hounds must have seen a fox cross the road, or, at any rate, have ecented one, anddashel after it, bringing their master to grici. ! MB. BLEW, in the "Coaching Experiences" he sapplies to Baily's Ma-ja Jm, eays that the coaches sometimes carried strange pas sengers. A Herefordshire solicitor, who tells the story, formed one of a party of six who occupied the inside of a night coach to London, one of the corners being occBpied by a man apparently asleep, with biB hands folded before him, and liis hat drawn well down over his face. Although the other Ove passengers maintained an animated conversa tion, the occopant of the corner moved not, i and so they travelled ail night. When the j coach stopped for breakfast in the morning one of the party invited the silent man to join them ; but, no reply being e»'en, he was left to his own devices, and after breakfast, white the coachman was swallowing his second go of brandy, the solicitor remarked J to him-" You have put us along with a | precious sulky fellow, wbo will not answer ; when spoken to." " 16hould wonder if he i [did," waB the Jehu's reply, "as he was | banged two dayB ago for horse stealing, i and is now going np to a surgeon in j London." j IK an&cticleon; "Divers and Their Work,,' i Fr/Htfl^y%Sb^$^Bft^eclares that it is not a j reiy naOTTEiMn^^iiiy^.for an expert diver, froW.th&t; diving apparatus has been perfected to the poijft ofcentiro ratability, to take a quiet «n?derlazy 4 'ver. engaged to work upon a wrftjt, went down with the deliberate intention ol sleeping for an honr or - A« soofi as h*.-touched bottom he lashed his a&ptpe-andrliie; line to a spar, and settled himself comfortably on a reek and went to sleep. _ After a lime bis attendant at the surface noticed that the lite-line showed no movement, and gave the two quick, in quiring toes which form the signnl, " Areyou all rigiit?" No answer was received, and it was found impossible to obtain one, or to draw the diver to the surface. Alter an inter val of intense anxiety, a second diver was sent down-and his wrath when be found the supposed victim sweetly sleeping, and the scene that ensoed when he awoke him, was fanny and bordered on the tragical. M. RrcHARD WADDING TON, broiher of the deceased Ambassador in London, has written J a history of the times of Louis XV., antece dent to 1756. Prior to the outbreak of the seven years' war there was some difficulty in carrying on negotiations between France and England. The Marquis dc Mirepoix, the Ambassador in London, complains that most of the English Ministers Bpoke French badly, as Ministeis appear to do stili. King George II. and the Dake of Newcastle did their be«t to make matters Bmooth, using as their agent Madame de Pompadour. Albermarle WAS directed to present the favourite of Lonis XV. with a box of pine-apples, but he found the gift too insignificant, BO he advised New castle to look out for some deer, antelopes, pheasants, and Indian birds for the "great lady." Madame de Pompadour, on her side, sent to England presents of wine and liqueurs, but everything was useless for the purposes of peace. MORITZ BOSCH, in his Life of Ptinct Bis march, relates how Humboldt, the great naturalist and traveller, was once made angry when at the Prussian Court, because he was not permitted to lead the conver sation at dinner. Somebody said so many interesting things that everybody began to listen. Ilumboldt was beside himself. Growling, he filled his plate with a pile of goose-liver pie, fut eels, lobster-tails, and other indigestible sub stances-a real mountain. When he could positively eat no more, he could no longer keep quier, and so he made an attempt to get the conversation into his own hands. " Upon the peak of Popocatepetl-'" he be gan. Bat it was of no use. The narrator would not bp cut short in his story. " Upon the peak of Popocatapel. seven thousand yards above-" he resumed, after couching violently to attract attention. Again be failed to obtain a hearing, and the narrator calmly went on. | " Upon the peak of Popocatepetl, seven j thousand yards above the level of the Pacific ! Ocean-" he exclaimed in a load, agitated voice, shaken by erief and indignation. But to no purpose. The other man talked on steadily, and the company listened to him, and him only. Humboldt plunged into a meditation on the ingratitude of courtiers. IN "Some Episodes of a Long Life," in the June number of Blachtoood, Miss F. M. F. Skene relates the circumstances in which she was told that Sir Walter Scott, whose death was one of the greatest griefs of her fathers life, was, thirty years after his decease, at ' Frewen-hall, Oxford, where Mr. Skene, then | in his ninetieth year, was resident " I had i left my father alone," writes Miss Skene, j " for a few minutes, sitting beside the fire ; in his own room. When I went back to ! him, not having been more than a quarter of j an hour absent, I found him with a look of ! radiant happiness upon his fine old face, j' Oh, come quick,' he exclaimed ; ' I want to j tell you of such a delightful surprise I have ! just bad. Scott has been here ! Dear Scott! I He told me he had come from a great ais ? tance to pay me a visit, and he has been ; sitting here with me, talking of all our old | happy days together. He eaid it was long since we had met; but he is not in the least j changed. His face was just as cheerful and j pleasant as it usi'd to be. I have so enjoyed being with him." Every spookist will believe that Mr. Skene saw the real ghost of ! Sir Walter Scott, and not the picture created j by his own fancy. 