Tame rait. THE expenditure on works in aid of the Sydney unemployed for the twelve months ending February, 1896, totals <8201,591. Other incidental expenditure in oonneotion with the unemployed would, if added, probably bring the total to a quarter of a million for one year. * * * THE Governor of West Australia had his first victory on the turf of the colony which he adminis ters last wpek with Hampton, who carried off the Corinthian Cup at the Canning Parle Races. Captain De Satge had the mount, and Hampton paid the handsome dividend of >813 12s. on the totalizator, # # # ACCORDING to a iiugle piclced up in the Assembly, near the Opposition ben oh os, the Premier, duing his not infrequent "naps, dreams of the time " "Wlion in tho lintipy hunting ground ! Of noHtJolans honry. Ho lolls Iwolc In Sir Arthur's oliitf r ; An elevatod Tory," ' # * # STRONG efforts were made to induce^ Mr. W, R Wilson to become a'candidate for a seat in Legislative Council and contest the South Western Province election, but he declined. Mr. Wilson contemplates a visit to Europe after next Melbourne Cup and while away will probably select some high class mares for the St. Albans' stud. Thji easiest way to get a Government appointment is to oppose a Minister of the Crown at the general elections. Mr. Peter Curran, who at the last New South Wales election tried, but failed, to talce Mr. Brunker's sent from him, has sinoe received a per manency in Mr. Brunker's 'department, which has not been interfered with by the Public Service Board. # # Turn licensed victuallers of Melbourne, writes the Ararat Advertiser, are at last becoming alarmed at tlio warlike attitude assumed by the teetotal folks, and are considering the advisability of "doing some thing." Undeterred by its unfavourable reception by Mr. Tavornor on the question of the bonuses to the wine industry, the "Victorian Alliance now pro poses to approach members of Parliament in dividually. The publicans sconfc real danger in these tactics, and are arranging some oounter move. « * # Thti preparations for the celebration of the Epis copal Goldon Jubilee of his Graoe the Most Rev. Daniel Murphy, Arohbishop of TTobart, are now at an advanced stage, the Catholics of ITobart and Ijaunceston having taken up the movement warmly. The Hobart people hive set themselves the task of "ompleting tho already handsome and commodious »t, Mary's Cnthodral. They oonsider this " tho njoat fitting, as a permanent ioouiorial of the Aroh bishop's jubilee." First, however, .£2500 will be required. Over .£300 has been raised, the contribu tions including His Excellency the Governor, Lord Gnrmanston, -£50. A * »Mr This 1 otter of a correspondent in Townsville brings under the notice of the -people of Charters Towers and those inland a most important departure, which is proposed to be made by the Adelaide Steamship Company. Briefly, this is to secure a piece of land on Boss Island, build warehouses upon it, and there handle earsro for the west and the town, said carqro having"been delivered onto railway trucks from the wharves on the eastern jetty. At present inland rargo is generally lightered at the .Fairway buoy, two miles out, or the northern anchorasre, seven miles out, towed up the creek. loaded into lorries, carted tip Flinders-street, and loaded at the railway station. * * # ' In the aptitude for puttine political points in homelv and effective metaphors President TCrusrer is almost api good as Prince Bismf^clc. Who will ever forp- et his comparison of the Uitlander move ment before Dr. Jameson's raid, to a tortoise P Tf vou want to kill it. said the President, you muatwait till it has put its head quite out. And now, when he has released his prisoners, he is reported +o have uped another metaphor, not a whit loss effective. " If rny little doers are nnusfhty," he said, in reply ing to the thanlcs of the released prisoners, " I must. whip them, hut I am always sorry to do so. Next time I must (yet hold "of the big doer. My little doo-s baric but the bief one bites." "What could be better in its way than that P Seine other of the President's reported " aayihsra are also very ' good. " Ea'oh hand;" he said to an interviewer who was doius" an unbffloinl " deal" with him some years n<r;o " must wash tho other. If o*e hand washes and the other does nothing, one hand remains dirty. Thai, will not do."' ' «y>> ' ./. . p m t j MB. Harry Xuov snvs that ithose who have/ seen tho Queen at public funotions within the last two vears have been struck by 'her altered appearance. She walks with, difficulty with the aid of a ^ticlc; and when the Prince of Wales is at hand ^gratef^llv^ accepts the offer of his arm, Wherever her rtisiv" ^enoo may be fixed, a lift becomes a necessity, itj homer praotinally irapopsible for her to mount staircase. It is this infirmity whioh Anally made it impossible for Her Majesty to opfrn Parliament in perpon when the whirlgisr of time brought round the ordinnrilv accepted opportunity of the pvedominanoe of a Conservative Ministry T-Tappily, this weakness and the creneral appearanoo of decrepitude it lends to the Queen's coming and coiner is due to local weakness. She suffers from rheumatism, which attaolrs her in tho knees and makes wnllcing a burden. Otherwise the Queen is in a condition of crood health almost miraculous for her a<re. A noble lord whose personal relations with Mr. Disraeli have brought him into constant and intimate relations with Her Majesty says that, having occasion for a long interview on her return from the Uiviera, he was '.amassed at her vigour Tbotlij iphyaiaaljfoiuj, mental. " Aa^Jftu' as one oan judge," he said, " tnere 1a no reason why the Queen should not fulfil all the functions of her high position for another donen years." As this would bring her age up to 89 the forecast seems sanguine. But it ia made deliberately, by one having the fullest oppor tunities of observation and the closest avenues of information. Whilst such a career would beat the record of crowned heads it creates a quite unique position for the Prince of Wales. There ia no parallel in history to the case where the Heir Apparent has been so long Prince of Wales. Thtc reported discovery of goldflelds in the Orange Free State as rich as those in the Rand, if borne oi*thy aotual reatilts, writes the Sydney Morning Herald, will tend to make still lesa'doubtful the nclnqnnay of the gold supply for the nations requiring it as their standard in addition to those that already posses it. Undoubtedly a gold loan for such a purpose for Russia, as recently rumoured, if made with any im mediate promptitude would greatly reduce the reserves of the western European nations and doubt less Australia, and an addition to the world's supplies of metal would be ..required to keep the money markets from a state of stringency, especially if the United Stat«« does not lapse as now seems improbable, into a silver currency oountry. The nations are generally reoognising, what hardly appears to acquire demon stration, that a single metal if in adequate supply ia a better standard than two metals. And the ques tion of supply is becoming more of a certainty through the great increase of production in Amerioa, in Africa, in India, in Australia, in fact, almost everywhere. In the financial and industrial world during the past few years there has beon no more marked feature than the special efforts made to increase the output of gold. These %a«L, ns their chief motive force the scarcity consequent derrnioss of tha metal. And just *SB"-wl>ere\ anything is scarce and inadequnte to iwqiiHwnerfts-whether wheat, or wool, or houses, '<6f> anything NG1so-special attention is devoted t» prcfoyro tt\em,(so gold for the monetary and other ro(^r?rGmeTiist fl^f tlio world has been sought for. Its xdeari}£3a apd insuffloionoy is evident by the fact of its exclmn&e; power being still near the hi ghost point roaohed/as well as by the, eager search for it. Of ordinary goods, will now purchase what would have talcon J2100 to prooure 25 years ago. And while this continues to be the case there is a greater incentive to mine for gold than there was ; for, after all, it is not the metal on which men subsist or in which they find their comfort, but the things which it measures; and while they can get so much larger a return for it, it will be pro cured in increasing quantities until p erhaps its oxchango valuo will fall, as its lending value has fallen, in a measure never before known. In that case it is oonoeivable that the national Governments might have to.put an embargo on its use, though so remote a contingency as the limitation of the use of gold for currency by the nations as they are now reatriotine or discontinuing the use of silver,; need, not conoorn us at proBont, IBosiTBmJj. 