WHEN THE WORLD A TALE 0? MERRY ENGLAND. By MISS BRADDON. Author of "Isnmaal," "Dead Men's Shoes, "Lady Audley's Secret," "Wyllard's Weird," "Phantom Dor tune," "Like and Unlike," £c., &c.; 'Published by special arrangement with tho author. All l'ij-hts reserved.] Chapter XV.—Falcon and Dove. "Has your ladyship any commands for Paris V" Lord Fareham asked one August afternoon, when the ghost party at Millbank was almost forgotten amid a succession of entertainments on land and river; a fortnight at Epsom to drink the waters; and a fort night at Tunbridge—where the Queen and court where spending the close of summer—to warn away the bad effects of Epsom chalv beates with a regimen of Kentish sulphur. If nobody at either resort drank deeper of the medicinal springs than Hyacinth—who had ordered her physician to order her that treat ment—the risk of harm or the possibility of benefit was of the smallest. But at Epsom there had been a good deal of gay company and a greater liberty of manners than in London; for, indeed, as Rochester assured Lady Eareham, "the freedom of Epsom allowed almost nothing to be scandalous." And at Tunbridge there were dances by torch light on the common. "And at the worst," Lady Eareham told her friends, "a fortnight or so at the wells helps to shorten the summer." It was the middle of August when they went back to Eareham House, hot dry weather, and London seemed to he living on the Thames, so thick was the throng of boats going up and down the river, so that with an afternoon tide running up it seemed as if barges, luggers, and wherries, were moving in one solid block into the sunset sky. De Malfort had been attached to her lady ship's party at Epsomand at-Tunbridge "Wells. He had his own lodgings, but seldom occupied them, except in that period between 4 or 5 in the morning and 2 in the afternoon, which Rochester and he called night. His day3 were passed chiefly in attendance upon Lady Fareham—singing and playing, fetching and carrying, combing her favorite spaniel with the same ivory pocket-comb that arranged hi3 own waterfall curls; or reading a French romance to her, or teaching her the newest game at cards, or the last daneing-step im ported from Eontainebleau or St. Gloud, or some new grace or fashion in dancing, the holding of the hand lower or higher; the latest manner of passaging in a bransle or a coranto, as performed by the French king and Madame Henrietta, the two finest dancers in Francp; Cond6,_ once so famous for his dancing, now appearing in those gay, scenes but seldom. _ "Have you any commands for Paris, Hya cinth ?" repeated Lord Eareham, his wife being for the moment too surprised to answer him. "Or have you, sister? I am starting fop France to-morrow. I shall ride to Dover— lying a night at Sittingbourne, perhaps—and cross by the packet that goes twice a week to Calais." " Paris ! And pray, my lord, what business takes you to Paris ?" " There is a great collection of books to be sold there next week. The library of your old admirer, Nicolas Eouquet, whom you knew in his splendor but who has been a prisoner at Pignerol for a year and a half." " Poor wretch," cried De Malfort, "I was at the Chamber with Madame de Sevigne very often during his long tedious trial. Mon Dieu, what courage, what talant he showed in defending himself. Every safeguard of the law was violated in order to silence him and prove him guilty; his papers seized in his absence, no friend or servant allowed to protect his interest, no inventory taken—documents suppressed that might have served for his de fence, forgeries inserted by his foes. He had an implacable enemy and he the highest in the land. He was a scapegoat in the past and had to answer for a system of plunder that made Mazarin the richest man in France." " I don't wonder that Louis was angry with a servant who had the insolence to entertain his majesty with a splendor that surpassed his own," said Lady Fareham, " I should like to have been at those fetes at "Vaux. But although Fareham talks so lightly of travelling to Paris to choose a few dusty books, he has alwayS discouraged mefrom going there toseeold friends and my own house—which I grieve to think of—abandoned , to the carelessness of servants." "Dearest, the cleverest woman in the world cannot be in two places at once, and it seems to me you have ever had your days here so full, of agreeable engagements that you have hardly seriously desired to leave London," answered Fareham, with his grave smile. . "To leave London—no I But there have been long moping months in Oxfordshire when it would have been a relief to change the scene." "Then, indeed, had you been very earnest in wanting such a change I am sure you would have taken it. I have never forbidden your going to Paris nor refused to accompany you there. You may go with me to-morrow if you can be ready." "Which you know I cannot or you would scarce make so liberal an offer." " Tres chere, you are pleased to be petulant. But I repeat my question, Is there anything you want at Paris V' "Anything? A million tilings! Every thing ! But they are things which you would not be able to choose—except, perhaps, some of the new lace. I might trust you to buy that, though I'll wager you will bring me a hideous pattern—and some white Cyprus powder—and a piece of the ash-colored velvet madame wore last winter. I have friends who can choose for you, if I write to them; and you' will have to bring the goods and see they suffer no harm on the voyage. And you can go to the Rue de Touraine and see whether my servants are keeping the house in tolerable order." "With your ladyship's permission I will lodge there while I am m Paris, which will be but long enough to attend the sale of books and see some old friends. If I am detained it will be by finding my friends out of town and having to make a journey to see them. I shall not go beyond Fontainebleau at furthest." "Dear Eontainebleau! It is of all French palaces my favorite. I always envy Diane of Porfiiers having her cypher emblazoned all over that lovely gallery—Henri and Diane! Diane and Henri! Ah, me !" "You envy her a kind of notoriety which I do not covet for my wife!" "You always take one 'aupied de la lettre;' but seriously, Madame de Breze was an honest woman compared with the lady who lodges by the Holbein Gate." " I admit that sin wears a bolder front than it did in the last century. Angela, can I find nothing for you in Paris ?" "No; I thank your lordship. You and sister are both so generous to me that I have lost the capacity to wish for anything." " And as Lewin crosses the Channel three or four times a year, I doubt we positively have the Paris fashions as soon as the Parisians themselves," added Hyacinth. "That is an agreeable hallucination with which Englishwomen have ever comforted themselves for not being French," said De Malfort, who sat lolling against the marble balustrade, nursing the guitar on which he had • been playing when Fareham interrupted their noontide idleness; "but your ladyship may be sure that London milliners are ever a twelve month in the rear of Paris fashions. It is not that they do not see the new mode. They see it and think it hideous; and it takes a year to teach them that it is the one perfect style possible." "I was not thinking of kerchiefs or petti coats," said Fareham. "You are a book-lover, sister, like myself. Can I bring you no books you wish for ?' " If there were a new comedy by Moliere; but I fear it is wrong to read him since in bis late play performed before the ldng at Ver sailles he is so cruel an enemy to our church." "A foe only to hypocrites and pretenders, Angela. I will bring you his 'Tartuffe,' if it is printed; or still better, " Le Misanthrope,5 which I am told is the finest comedy that was ' ever written; and the latest romance, in twenty volumes or so, by one of those lady authors Hyacinth so admires; but which I own to finding as tedious as the divine Orinda's verses." \ "You can jeer at that poor lady's poetry, yet take pleasure in such balderdash as" Hudi bras." " I love wit, dearest; though I am not witty. But as for your Princess de Cloves, I find her ineffably dull." " That is because you do not take the trouble < to discover for whom the characters are meant. You lack the key to the imbroglio," said his wife, with a superior air. "I do not care for a book that is a series of enigmas. Don Quixote needs no such guess work. Shakespere's characters are painted not from the petty models of yesterday and to-day, but from mankind in every age and every climate. Moliere's and Calderon's personages stand on as solid a basis. In less than half a century your ' Grand Cyrus' will be insufferable jargon." "Not'moreso than your'Hamlet5 or 'Othello.5 Shakespere was but kept in fashion during the late king's reign because his majesty loved him—and will soon be forgotten now that we have so many gayer and brisker dramatists." "Whoever quotes Shakespere nowadays?5 asked Lady Sarah Tewkesbury, who had heen showing a rustic niece the beauties of the river, as seen from Fareham House. "Even Mr. Taylor, whose sermons bristle with elegant allusions, never points one. of his passionate climaxes with a Shakesperi.m line. And yet there are some very fine lines in ' Hamlet5 and 'Macbeth,5 which wouldscarce sound amiss from the pulpit," added her ladyship condescend ingly. "I have read all the plays, some ot them twice over. And I doubt that though Shakespere cannot hold the stage in our more enlightened age and will be less and less acted as the towns grow more refined, his works will always be tasted by scholars; among whom, in my modest way, I dare reckon my self." Lord Far eh am left London on horseback with but one servant in the early August dawn before the rest of the household were stirring. Hyacinth lay nearly as late of a morning as Henrietta Maria, whom Charles used sometimes to reproach for not being up in time for the noonday office at her own chapel. Lady Fareham had not Queen Catherine's fervor, who was often at mass at 7 o'clock, but she did usually contrive to be present at high mass at the queen's chapel, and this was the beginning of her day. While for Angela and her niece and nephew the day was old at noon. • They had spent hours on the river, or in the meadows at Chiswick, or on Putney Heath, ever glad to escape from the great overgrown city, which was now licking up every stretch of green sward and every flowery hedgerow west of St. James's street. Soon there would bo no country between the Haymarket and " the Pillars of Hercules." Denzil sometimes enjoyed the privilege of accompanying Angela, "children, and the gouvernaute on these rural expeditions by the great waterway, and on these occasions he and Angela would each take an oar and row the boat ,for some part of the vovage, while the watermen rested, and in this manner Angela, instructed by Sir Denzil, considerably ad vanced her powvr as an oarswoman. it was an exercise she loved, as indeed she loved all out-of-door exercises, from riding with hawks and hounds to battledore and shuttlecock. But most of all, perhaps, she loved the river and the rhythmical dip of oars in the fresh morning air, when every curve of the fertile shores seemed to reveal new beauty. It had been a hot, dry summer and the grass jn the parks was burnt to a dull brown, had, indeed, almost ceased to be grass, while the atmosphere in town had a fiery taste and was heavy with the dust which whitened all the roadways and which the faintest breath of wind dispersed Here on the flowing tide there was coolness, and the long rank grass upon those low sedgy shores was still green. ( To be continvcd.) 