Our Mebourne Letter, BY TOBIAS. How the mighty must be fallen ! The outer circle line on which thousands were recklessly squandered in the hour of our fináíidiàl insanity, has to go back again tô the days of semi-barbaristh, before the iron 'horse was evolved from the realihs of interesting speculation. Mr MátHeisón, with all the ! hàrd business itistincti of his nationality, is girditlg his loins'to enter upon the commercial principle I of making the lUtâs pay. One of his first steps, ih puíáiianceof this policy, will be, 'ftot eó close the lines that jrte <™ shin g the people of this country under an unbearable burden of taxa- ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ Qf ^ er, ^ j 1 that infant specimen of aristocratic growth, will be dragged vulgarly into the city, in the coming'days, behind an old spavined horse of the bob-tail nag species. As we rejoiced with it I in. the days of its prosperity and grandeur, we weep with it in the day of humiliation and deep disgrace. • . • • * Good news for members of Parliament and others was Mr Isaacs' announcement in the hòuse last week. He told his sympathetic brother statesmen that he purposed, at the first oppòrtunity, to introduce a bill to amend the.laws that regulate the interest charged by money-lenders, And such a bill coming from Isaacs too! his brother members could have wept for very joy ! But they didn't, for all that. They smiled and laughed; and poked each other playfully in the ribs; and indulging in high antics, that betokened much joy, they made merry generally, The silver j ining shone through the cloud at last for these poorly paid representatives, starving on three hundred paltry pounds a year, while the miners and farmers they represent lead the life of bloated capitalists. • * • Premier Reid of New South/Wales thinks i4 in isn't time yet" to fix a day for the elections to the Federal Convention. Was there ever a premier of the old, grand-mother colony yet that did not throw obstruction after obstruction in th^ way, since the day arkes wanted to jump the name of " J T " w ^ f ^ h^no I ' more serious Vocatlo n J USt now be " yond that of getting fat, fat to an inordinate extent, even for " proessional politican," we have *tO wait t:n u: B u n « t P 1 " " august highness time has at last arrove Hevings, what • a farce • ! Another great mining " enterprise" gone bung ! The last hope of the victimised shareholders in the Buchan - Proprietary Silver Mining Company has gone the way of all flesh; and not the ghost of an expec tation remains to haunt the overconfiding and duped victims', Reginald Murray, the Government Geologist, has laid the ghost in his r e p ~ wherein hc states that the f Dracticillv worthless The "" nc »s pracucauy worwucss. ine rch-swindler has bade adieu to our shoies, while the victims remain to bewail their criminal confidence The lesson should prove a wholesome , ... , . , , n e bu » t ' . 1,ke thc ^nd-boom experience, it is purchased at a regret table price. The Constitution Bill, to which you took objection, I see, in your leading matter last week, is receiving the attention of the Opposition, in. view of the coming struggle over its provisions. At a caucus meeting a few days ago the bill was generally con demned in all its principle features. It was asserted that not only was its introduction at the present moment inopportune, but that the country de manded no such measure. They die, not fail bo apprise the country that the Goyernment would be better employee. on more useful and much-needet legislation, for which the miners ant, farmers and thtí country gennrally had long hungered in vain. So the sop that the Ministry has thrown out to members, in leaving their salaries aud numerical strength considerately alone, has failed to produce the tran quilizing effect that was intended, 'the Opposition member is just as hare to conciliate with a bone as the minis | ^M! disciple with a lump of flesh They are all alike, members of Parlia ment, and this is the only solution of this seeming paradox that I havb to offer. So mote it be! If all the world was open to my I enterprise asa fieldfor literary spectilation, there is one corner of it at which I would draw the line, and that *>rnir is Kilmore! Not, mind you, that the [ people of Kilmore are not as live1in\i h festive a community as any I ctól desire, and as well abreast of the ti&es; too; but the police of Kilmore—out upon them! théy have no appreciation of the etefhal ^théss óf 1 things! 'There is no more popiifarffélight to be extracted" thete, 1 wKeh thè process ofl hymenating is^tfce "initial stages of | incubation. A Vbung couple a few I daya ago tb<$k 'it into their heads to run in dòÚble harness, until death, or | Shields divorce bill, separated them | for ; ttye. The innocent and mirth Tòring people of Kilmore resolved to honor the occasion, as well as the newly married pair by indulging in the time-honored popular pastime of tin-kettling." The young couple, from reasons ^ it is unnecessary to specialize too minutely, had no objection to the loud noises invoked from the soul-stirring musical accessories to the festive occasion. As long as the serenaded parties enjoyed the ovation, I any reasonable person would conclude that this consummation was unobjectionable in its playful features. The jolice thought otherwise, however, as tbe custodians of Kilmore's peace and respectability. They summoned the young and sportive bloods, who were called upon to make reparation to the local bobby by the minimum fine of a vulgar bob. I call upon the Chief Commissioner to remove that hypersensitive official. He should be transferred forthwith to Wangaratta. I kilmore doesn't present sufficient scope for a man of his officiousness. * * * The medical fraternity ot Yackandandah are at it hammer-and-tonars! ;)r James Coane sued Dr Augustus Mueller to recover L1000 damages for alleged libel, and Dr Augustus sued 3r James in return for another alleged libel. A case of cross- summonses, as they say^m the suburban courts, where women are wont to appear for an indiligence in domestic brawls of the Oollingwood flat order, lhe case I came before Judge Chomley. in the County Court last week. Dr Augustus Mueller's council then bègged" to assure the bench that his client never intended Ac., and so forth j and, not to be outdone in genarosity, Dr James Coane*8 council also begged to assure the court and creation at large that nothing was farther from Ait client's thoughts, and so on. The rival I medicos embraced, and so the matter I ended to the satisfaction of themselves, and the admiration of a wondering audience, at this exhibition of professional forbearance, and marvellous brotherly love. They were disap-1 pointed, for all that, at the unexpected I development. The source of their | disappointment, however, is a matter of congratulation to all who hold in high esteem the noblest and proudest of all professions, which falls little short of divine in its pure and perfect calling. I * * * I The Anglican Bishop of Perth is not much of a patriot anyway. He allows I his episcopal indignation to outrun his discretion. He told a sympathetic audience a few days ago, that as Melbourne sent so many scoundrels to Western Australia they should now send missionaries to convert them. What his Melbourne brothers of the synod must have felt in their righteous indignation at this eccesiastical prod ! At any rate they did not avail themselves of the opportunity of having a lunge at him through hishoUyarmour. I They might have retaliated by telling him that if all the scoundrels of the Western colony were to be convicted, the mining industry would die in 24 hours, and the mercantile and political furnaces of the country would languish for want of fuel. We don't deny we we have sent them á few, but their I own machinery ii fully capable of turning out a moré refined article than any we can export. • '* • . 1 have heard of many cool things in my day, but never; from the time that I sucked the intlia rubber tube of incipient manhodd to the time my flowing locks were tinged with the hue of the depreciated rupee, bate I heard of a coòler evidence of .Contemptuous scofn than that with which Mr Youille treated the oratory df the Sydney legislators last week. He filled the gàlíery with his presence, and his pockfets with road met&l; and awaited the stream of oratory tb flow from the legislative bung-holé—there was none oil tap evidently that £li£ht; He was do disgusted with thé illiterate though imaginary flight of Fitapatrick , that he opened a cannonade incontinently upon the fellow with the obnoxious Irish name. Let us hope it will be & lesson to Fitepatrick not to go about again with such a name as that; It may do ? er J wefi at Brunswick on the 1/th I to ^ul J» ^ carry 'such à name to Parliamc&t;! What Was l&'e fellow thinking of? The indignàfltànd justly | incensed Youille then bègaú ? tò fusillade right afid left, and sôóft èiá^tied the I benches. Thè latter paH òf the peir- J formance is inexplicable, eveú assumi a & ^at Youille is a Tipperary man ! The SftXôn aroma about bis name, m however, precludes the possibility of entertaining that hyphothesis for a moment. We should ittVifce him to I ou r Awembly for a nightòr two 