THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 2 p.m. MR. HARTLEY'S CONDITION. The CHIEF SECRETARY said he felt sure the Council would be glad to hear that Mr. Hartley's condition was very much im- proved. (Cheers.) He had regained con- sciousness and had had a natural sleep. (Cheers.) CATHOLIC CHURCH ENDOWMENT SOCIETY BILL. The Hon. J. WARREN presented a petition for a private Bill to enable the Catholic Church Endowment Society to sell certain of its lands and apply the proceeds to the liquidation of the debts and liabilities of the society or church. The Bill was introduced and read a first time, the second reading being fixed for Sep- tember 16. HOSPITAL RESIGNATIONS. MR. BASEDOW asked whether the Chief Secretary would object to lay on the table a copy of the letter of resignation received from the junior medical officers of the Adelaide Hospital. The CHIEF SECRETARY said he had not yet received the letter, so he could not say. The PRESIDENT pointed out that papers could only be laid on the table by command, by order of the Council, or pursuant to statue. If Mr. Basdow wanted the paper he should move for it. Mr. BASEDOW gave notice that he would do so. THE MARINE BOARD ACT. The Hon. R. S. GUTHRIE asked—1. Have any foreign ships cleared outwards from South Australian ports since the coming into operation of the Marine Board and Navigation Act — Amendment Act, 1891 ; if so, of what nationality? 2. Have any owners of ships other than owners of British ships complied with section 4, Marine Board and Navigation Act, 1894 ? 3. Has the Governor declared that any enact- ment passed by any other British possession is equally effective with the provisions of the South Australian statute for ascertaining and determining the maximum load-lines to which ships can be safely loaded ; if so, what are the British possessions? 4. Have the Marine Board certified that the laws and regulations or any foreign State with respect to over-load- ing and improper loading are equally effective with the provisions of the Marine Board and Navigation Act Amendment Act, 1894; if so, what are the foreign States? The CHIEF SECRETARY replied ;—1. Yes ; American, Norwegian, and German. No. 3. No. Necessary information not yet obtained. 4. No ; laws and regulations of foreign States not yet having been ascertained. The information, however, has been sought. THE HAYCRAFT PROCESS. The CHIEF SECRETARY informed Mr. WARREN that enquiry had already been made into the Haycraft gold extraction process by the Government. POLLING PLACES. The Hon. J. G. BICE moved for a pro- clamation declaring Hookins a polling-place for the electoral district of Newcastle, and the Hon. A. R. ADDISON for the declaration of Wyacca in the same district. The debate in each instance was adjourned till September 16 in order that the reports of the returning officers might be procured. WORDS OF ENACTMENT. The Hon. J. L. Stirling moved—"That it be an instruction to the Chairman of Com- mittees that in the case of Bills received from the House of Assembly where in the words of enactment the word "Parliament" is used in place of the words Legislative Council and House of Assembly of the said province in this present Parliament assembled that he do correct the words of enactment so as to agree with the established form of enactment." This was merely giving the Chairman instruction to carry out the effect of the resolution which the Council had agreed to by 11 votes to 6. The CHIEF SECRETARY hoped the Council would reconsider its decision on the matter and reject the motion. The Hon. J. H. GORDON supported the view taken by the Chief Secretary. The term "Parliament of South Australia" was more correct and more concise. From the point of view of scientific draftsmanship he much preferref it to "the Legislative Council and House of Assembly of the said province in this present Parliament assembled." It was a great mistake for the Council to raise these bogies and imagine that some attack was being made on its rights. The Hon. F. BASEDOW considered that it was a slight on the Coucil after the action it had taken for Bills to be introduced in this altered form. The Council should uphold its previous decision. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON thought that unless the Government intimated their intention of introducing all Bills in the new form they should support the motion. The Hon. J. G. BICE considered it inad- visable to take this action until the House of Assembly had considered the Council's protest. The Hon. A. A. KIRKPATRICK thought the motion would create unnecessary troubles. The Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL said the Government should have respected the deci- sion of the Council, at any rate until the House of Assembly had expressed and opinion on the matter. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON did not think the Government had acted properly in connec- tion with this alteration. The Hon. E. WARD moved—"That the debate now be adjourned." The motion was negatived on this division:— MAYES, 8—The Chief Secretary, and Messrs. Darling, Gordon, Haslam, Kirkpatrick, McGregor, Russell, and Ward (teller). NOES, 14—Sir E. T. Smith, Dr. Campbell, and Messrs. Adams, Addison, Basedow, Bice, Charleston, Duncan, Fuller, Guthrie, Martin, Stirling, Warren, and Robinson (teller). Majority of 6 for the NOES. The Hon. E. WARD considered it was pre- mature and improper for the Council to pass Mr. Stirling's motion, as no differences of opinion had yet arisen between the two Houses. The Assembly had not considered the Council's amendment. The Hon. W. A. ROBINSON said that Mr. Gordon had successfully laid the ghost which Mr. Ward had raised. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN thought the proper course to adopt was to carry this motion and settle the question in regard to all Bills, thus saving time. On the motion of the Hon. W. RUSSELL the debate was adjourned till September 16. ELECTORAL EXPENSES. Adjourned debate on Mr. RUSSELL'S motion "That a return be laid upon the table of this Council showing the election expenses of the various candidates at the late elections for the House of Assembly." The Hon. J. MARTIN would like to know what good would result for the carrying of the motion. The matter affected the Assembly more than the Council, and the public did not really want the information. The Hon. A. R. ADDISON thought the Act was of little value if returns were not pub- lished. The Council had a perfect right to carry the motion, which he would support. The Hon. D. M. CHARLESTON suppoted, Under the present practice Government could shield its friends and penalise its opponents. The Hon. H. ADAMS said it was the duty of the Government to see that an act was carried into effect, and it would appear that this had not been done in this case. He would support the motion. The Hon. H. FULLER said if the desire if the mover was to ascertain the names of the two candidates who had not filed their returns he would probably find that they were Messrs. Hancock and Tucker. He did not oppose the motion. The Hon. J. J. DUNCAN reminded members that the House of Assembly had deliberately rejected a similar proposal. What would be the effect then if the Council carried this motion ? Would the Government agree with the decision of the Assembly or the Council ? He thought the former. Therefore the Council should not place itself in the humiliating posi- tion of receiving a slap in the eye. As far as the supplying of the information was concerned he did not think it mattered twopence either way. He would oppose the motion. The PRESIDENT pointed out that if a motion was carried to lay a paper on the table of the Council the Government would have to obey. The Hon. F. BASEDOW moved to strike out all the words after "showing," and to substitute "What infringements, if any, of the Electoral Amendment Act of 1893, with regard to the rendering of certain statements in reference to the electoral expenses of Parlia- mentary candidates, have occurred since the said Act. has come into force." Mr. Stirling's amendment was withdrawn. The Hon. Dr. MAGAREY supported Mr. Basedow's amendment, which would attain the object Mr. Russell wished to arrive at. The Hon. J. WARREN thought Mr. Rus- sell should accept the amendment moved by Mr. Basedow. The CHIEF SECRETARY said there was no provision in the Act about the Government taking action, and consequently no Ministerial neglect. He quite agreed that the Act was defective, and that it should be amended. If there had been any infringement the time had passed for bringing offenders to book. It was for interested persons who were given the op- portunity of inspecting the returns to take any action in the case of infringements. The Hon. W. RUSSELL thought if Mr. O'Loghlin was not a member of the Ministry he would have strongly supported the motion. He had only been actuated by the best of motives when he tabled this motion. Surely it was not because the Mayor of Adelaide was in- terested that the Government had not taken action. He hoped his motion would be carried. this division :— AYES, 9—The Chief Secretary, Sir E. T. Smith, Dr. Magarey, and Messrs. Duncan, Fuller, Martin, Stirling, Warren, and Base- dow (teller). NOES, 11—Messrs. Adams, Addison, Bice, Charleston, Darling, Guthrie, Kirkpatrick, McGregor, Robinson, Ward, and Russell (teller). Majority of 2 for the Noes. The motion was then carried. PARKSIDE TRAMWAY BILL. The Hon. J. G. BICE brought up the report of the Select Committee, which stated that no petitioners or witness against the Bill had appeared. The committee had ameded to Bill by striking out clause 12, which sought to repeal the rating clause of the principal Act—section 52 of the Act of 1881. The promoters of the Bill did not object thereto. The Bill as reported to be considered on September 16. NORTHERN TERRITORY PASTORAL LEGISLATION. Adjourned debate on Mr. WARREN"S motion —"That in the opinion of this Council it is desirable to amend the pastoral laws of the Northern Territory so as to bring them more in accordance, as regards improvements, with the pastoral law of this province, and so as to secure settlement on and the development of the pastoral lands in the Northern Terri- tory." The CHIEF SECRETARY said the Go- vernment would support the motion, and although the Bill would be introduced this session they would take an early oppor- tunity of dealing with the matter. The motion was carried. CORPORATIONS UNION BILL. Second reading. The Hon. R. S. GUTHRIE moved the second reading of this measure, which was re- ceived from the House of Assembly. On the motion of Sir E. T. SMITH the de- bate was adjourned for a week. DEEDS OF ASSIGNMENT BILL. Second reading. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING supported the second reading of the Bill, which he understood considerably improved the law. Carried. The Hon. J. L. STIRLING moved— "That it be an instruction to the committee on the Bill that they have leave to amend the words of enactment by inserting after 'Governor' the words 'of South Australia,' and by leaving out the word 'Parliament' and inserting in lieu thereof 'Legislative Council and House of Assembly of the said province in this present Parliament as- sembled." On the motion of the CHIEF SECRE- tary the debate was adjourned till Tuesday next. NOXIOUS WEEDS. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved for an address for a proclamation declaring the un- dermentioned weeds to be noxious weeds under Acts Nos. 517 of 1891, 409 of 1887, and 26 of 1863 :—Homeris, all species (Cape bulb or tulip). Aspodelus fistulosus (asphodel), Bul- bine bulbosum (native onion or leek), Bul- bine semibarbatum (lesser native onion or leek), Datura stramonium (thorn apple or mad apple), Solanum sodomaeum (apple of Sodom). On the motion of the Hon. W. RUSSELL the debate was adjourned till September 15. ADJOURNMENT. The Council at 4.57 adjourned till Septem- ber 15 at 2 p.m. 