.THE VENGEANCE OF PADDY O'COMELL. (TOE ' THE SUNDAY TIMES.') HAT a relief! ii liMbrrl .«;rA tad just finished fjp f&l; an eight-mile tramp I 1 W^J' A j) li'v?! frota. the neighbor- i IgS^? «\ ^ hood of Pebbly ^ Creek, and taken \CTC^ /m y seat on fche j^lcSTi H- *-r A ' / J coaoh, which was I-WV^V^1^ '\C/ t° convey me from V/ /- the small townshii' A' --T. ,of Bed Hill ''' ^L\ i/^p Coolao, -whence my ;4 'isyl-.^.Joarney to Sydney I \- ' i would be completed py rau, for I was coming1 to town for a holiday. At the commencement of the year, being out of work, and almost entirely out of funds, I went ' fossicking' for gold. I could find nothing else to do, though I tried hard enough, heaven knows. And now, after nearly twelve months' barely payable graft, I had taken advantage of a choaf) railway trip to return and look np the few friends I had left behind in Sydney. ' Fossicking' for bare tucker is no joke. In tbe first place the life is a very hard one. This I soon realised, for-I had been employed at light office work for some years. Aud the spot where I had pitched my camp was lonely and dismal, and distant nearly four miles from tho 8 tore. With rigid economy and hard work I had contrived to save a pound or two ; and now, _ having turned my back for a while on the life I had lately led, I already felt my spirits rising. The prospect of an immediate return to the busy haunt of men charmed me, and I felt, when I had climbed into a seat beside the driver of the coach, on the best possible terms with all the world. Almost as Boon as we had started the driver and I had struck into conversation, opened up by 'a request from liim for a loan of my tobacco plug. He bit a big piece off one corner, and ' banded the ping to me with the query — ' 'Spose you're going into Coolao for Christ mas ?' ' No,'* said I. ' I take the train there and go right on to Sydnoy.' 'Ah!' he ejaculated, with an unmistak able sigh, and giving the reins a jerk. ' I ?wish I was goin' with you. Christmas don't seem Christmas here. Not to me it don't. There's nothiu' takes place, Down in Sydney, now, there's some real enjoyment. Or even in Coolac it's not so bad. But to live back in Bed Hill, why. you may as wall be out of the world. Better. Because you wouldn't be grievin' for what was to be had in other places. Get up there, you, Ginger! you lazy mule ; I'll lay tho whip across you directly, I ?will ! And this year, seems to me, we're going to be quiater'n ever.' ' I don't particularly hanker after paiety. myself,' said I. ''But, as you Bay, there's not much life to bo livod here. In Sydney, ot course, there's plenty ito see. There s the theatres ? ' '? Theatres !' he struck in. ' Who's talkin' about them? Gaiety! Who wants gaiety? I don't. No, sir ; I'm thinking of somethin' else. I find pleasure in other things. I'm one of tho churchwardens, and a trustee of of St. Albans Church ; and what I'm sore about is thaAwe shan't have auv Christmas services, no special singiug, or festival, nor anything like that. In other plaoes, in the town I came from to this part of the country —but there, ! 'spose it's no use complaining'; what we can't have we can't have, and that's all there is to it.' Ho was so vehement, and his tone was so very bitter that I was convinced he really-felt aggrieved. I thought I would ohange the subject. ' Been driving here long ? ' I asked. ' I'm not the regular driver,' ho replied in g. somewhat sulky manner. ' Tho regular driver is my brother. He's sick, aud I have taken his place for a week. I wouldn't like to be the regular dfriver, that's more.' Now, when I took my seat on the couch I was in a very joyous framo of mind. All the world, or as much as I could see of it, appeared to' have brightened up expressly for jriy delectation. And here was tho morose, discontented driver of a shaky, noisy old coach, trying his be9t to dampen my newly found cheerfulness of spirit. I determined ho should not do so, and refrained from talking with him. So I filled my pipe, and, getting a good cloud going, tried to enjoy the lookout. The country we were slowly and dustily roll ing through by no means abounded in natural beauties, or spots on which the eye would wish to linger. For all around tho pr'ospect pre eented a monotonous, unvarying sameness ; the same dry, sparse, unnourishing grass, the came intermittent, stunted scrub, and the long, winding, dusty earth road over which we seemed to be making but slow progress. We had covered about seven mile3 of this unvarying country when 1 noticed a horseman approaching. As the distance between us lessened I discerned him to be a clergyman. His garments were covered with the red dust kicked up from tho road by the rather socry looking while nag he rode. As1 he passed the driver of tho coach took off his hat, and tho xeverond horseman returned the salute. ' That's the Reverend Salter,'' said the driver to ine., 'He's a nice man, he is; clever, and all that, and a genuino gontleman, too. Nothing ' stuck up ' about him. But he's worked to death. And so's his horse. He's got to preach ' — tho Bev. Saltor was meant, of course, not the horse — in three places every Sunday. And he does it, too, one sermon at eachplace. But it's just wearing him out. Everybody likes him, though, and he's welcomo everywhere. But he's a very diffe rent Btyie of man to the one that was here afore him. My word ho -is ! He won't ran away from any little imaginary ghost.'' ' Bun away from a ghost ! *' said I, some what astonished, and certainly greatly inte rested. ' Why^ you don't mean to say yoa tiave any ghosts up here?' ' I don't say anything of the kind. I don't believe in suoh things. Nothing like that. But the clergyman that was here afore him ' — jetting bis thumb back over his shonlder to indicate tho horseman we had just passed — 'got hold of something of the sort, aud made it an excuse for iquitting. Leastways, that's bow it struck me. He said he was so com pletely upset he'd have to go. And go be did. Othorways ho was a nice man. The church went ahead while ho was here. He livod with me, and so I had him under my eye, like. And we used to observe all the fes tivals, and havo good singing, and special meetings, aud euch-like. But all that's changed, now,' ho added, with another sigh, and an indication in his face of a sudden relapse into his former doleful condition. 'This 'ere new minister don't seem to have the samo amount of ' go ' in him^s — — ' I. hastened to divert the current of hiB thoughts. ' And have you seen tho ehost whioh tho reverend gontleman was alarmed at?' I asked bim. 'I seen what there was to be seen, ?' here plied; 'but I don't believe in ghosts, I tell you. And, what's more,' he added, suddenly, ' I wouldn't believe in 'em if I saw forty tied up like horses in a stall. Not me.' ' But what was it you saw, if it was not a ghost?' ' I dunno. I dunno rightly, now, whether I really saw anything or not. My feelings may have been worked up by what I just heard, and I 'spose I imagined I saw something. But it takes a good bit to frighten me, I can tell you. Leastways, I wouldn't run away from a place 'cause I thought I saw something that my own sense would tell me never could have been there.' ' But there must have been something,'' I urged. ' Tell me about it. Like yourself, I don't believe in what'people call ghosts.' ' Nor I shouldn't think you would,'' he said, in -a somewhat brighter tone. ' But I dunno as there's much to tell. Besides, I don't like much about talking of it; its not a pleasant thing to talk about.' ' How about the clergyman we passed just now,'* said I. ' Is he n spiritualist? Does he believe in the return of astral bodies ?' 'What?' ' Does he believe in ghosts ?' ' Not he. And that's what I likes about him. Didn't I tell you just now that he ?wpuldn't have run away if he'd baeu in the other's place?'* I quietly passed him my tobaoco plug again ; and after he had carefully bitten off a good mouthful, I remarked : 'But you haven't yet told me what the other one did see?' ' Ob, well,' ho said, flioking with his whip at the flies whioh had settled on the horses, ' you seem bound to learn all there is to it, so 1 'spese I may as well tell you. You'd go to someone else, maybe, and they'd fill you up with a lot of lies, like as not.' He paused for a moment till he had shifted the tobacco he., was chawing into a convenient position near bis back teeth. Then he said : ' The last clergyman we had— Weldon, his name was, Wilberforce' Watkin Weldon— be lived with me, as I told you. And he was a very nice man, and a really beautiful singer. We used to have some splendid services there, I can tell you ; special sinking services and musical festivals which would have done credit to any place. But last Christinas Eve settled all tbat, as far as ho was concerned. We had had tea and been to church — ho hold a service on Christmas Eve, you know — and when we got back from, worship wo sat on the front verandah for a spell, my missu3, and mo, and him. talkin' about tho services that was to be held next day. I was goin' with him, goin' to driye him in my little turnout. We had to be up pretty early, 'cause there was a drive of nearly six miles to where the first serviaa was to be held at 8 o'olook. Then wa had to hurry off for another service at 11. We arranged to get back early, 'cause we were goin' to have somethin' in tho afternoon in our own church in addition to the evenin' service. 'Well, we talked all these things over for a good bit, and then we started dis eussin' the arrangements for holdiu' a watch night service on New Year's Eve. While we were talkin' about this up rides somebody in a great hurry to the front gate. I knew he'd had a good run by the way his hoss was blowin'. Whoever be was he must have seen us sittiu' on the verandah, although it was dark, for he called out to know if the Bev. Mr. Weldon was there. Mr. Weldon got up at once, and went down to the gate. I couldn't hear what ' passed, but when he came baolc he said he would have to go at once to a man named Micky Byan, who was dyin'. lie said he would have to go right away, and tho messenger was gono off for the doctor. It was a long way, and a lonely way, and I didn't like soein' Mr. Weldon go by himself. Besides, it had come up very black all of a sudden, and a good'deal of Bharp lightning. So I said I'd go along, and he said he took it as very kind of me. I I slipped over tho road aud borrowed the blacksmith's little mare — I didn't want to use my own horse 'cause there'd be quite enough work for him next day — aud in about a couple of jiffeys we'd made a start. ' I didn't rolish the job much, I can tell you, for I could never take on to this ero Micky Byan over since the first day he came to live around Bed Hifl. Ho never went to any church, and usad to drink fearful.. He'd had two or three goes at delirum treemus, or whatever its called; off his head, you know. However, I was hopin' he wouldn't go off before wo got to him, 'cause no matter who a man is it's terribly hard for him to die without a spiritual comforter by to point the way through the darkness. Ho used to work anywhere he couid get a job did this 'ere Micky Byan, and livod in an old hut of a place down by the side of a dirty creek, ' Well, when we got to his hut there he was lying on au old strstaher with a blanket that hadn't been washed for years drawn up over him. He was pretty nearly gone I thought. And he seemed a bit out of his mind, too. There was four bits of old candle, all of different lengths, Rtuok on by moans of some of the fat to a ricketty old table he'd rnado himself. He'd got tho table drawn up alongside tho bed he was a-lyin' on. Mr. Weldon went in first, and I followed close behind. The sick man didn't see mo, but a3 soon a3 his eyes fell on Mr. Weldon ho put out both hands, and cried out with a wail : ' ' Glory be to God ! I repent. Christ, hear me, I repent. Mother of mercy, pray for me.' Mr. Weldon went quiokly up to him and took his hand. ''Dear brother,' he said, 'be comforted. Friends are here with you, and the dootor will come in a few moments.' 'But Micky didn't seem to hear : or if he did hear, p'raps he thought himself beyond anything the doctor could do for him. ' ' Givo me the crucifix,' he gasped ; ' I can't reach it. It's under tho pillow.' ' When Micky said this I looked at Mr. Weldon's face, and it was a bit of a study, I can tell you. He looks down very tenderly at the sitik man, and says : ' ' I am not a priest of your Church, my poor fellow, but I will strivo to give you all tho comfort I can. Believe only on the Lord Jesus Christ, and doing this, no matter what Church you claim membership with, it shall surely prove the gate through which you shall enter Heaven.' ' ' Give me the crucifix,' says Micky again. And it was then that I admired Mr. Weldon. It was then he showed what ho was made of. Some narrow-minded people, mind you, might have turned away from that poor fellow, or tried to turn his thoughts from what he'd been brought np to all his life. And a man's not to bo blamed for what ho's been brought up to, mind you. Ho'don't havo anything to say at tho baptismal font, look you ; and if you'd happened to havo been born a Bed Indian you couldn't have kicked against it. It would have been your misfortune, not your fault, that you was aboathen instead of a bap tised Christian. Give us another bite off that tobacco of yourn. Where was I? Oh, I know. Well, Mr. Weldon was a Christian man, ho was, and never more so than at that moment ; mind that. He felt under tbe pil low, and drew out a little crucifix, suoh a little thing it was, and placed it in the sick man's hands. ' ' Look upon this,' says he in solemn tones, ' and call to mind the sufferings of our blessed Lord when ho died on Calvary to blot out the sins of all men.' 'Micky was holding tho little orucifix in front of him, and starin' at it hard. And the tears werorunuin' fast from his eyes down his yellow-lookin' cheeks into his dirty, tangled beard. ''Absolve me,' he cried, and there was agony in his voice. ' Absolve me. I am a great sinner, but I repent ; I repent.' ' ' Christ pardoneth and absolvoth all them that truly repent,' said Mr. Weldon, taking a prayer-book from his pocket. And then he j commenced to read — if you're a member of the Church of England. young man, you know tho prayer — till he came to tho words: ' Hath given power and commandment to his ministers to declare and pronounce to his people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins. He pardoneth and absolveth all them that truly repent and unfeignedly believe in his holy gospel.' Mr. Weldon was saying this frotn memory, and was turning over the book to read something from the communion for the sick when Micky interrupted him, cryin' out very loud : ''I repent! I confess now! Jesus, I do repent! I murdered him, for I was starving. But I didn't know what I was doing. Oh-, have mercy, meroy !' And then he rattled on aud told about something that had happened years before. It was a horrible oonfession, and almost curdled my blood. And the thunder, winch had got very heavy now, and the rain pourin' down, aud the flashes of lig.htning, whioh seemed to make the miserable candles dance, all went to make tho story he told seem more gruesome and creepy. ' I can't remember his words exactly, but he went on to toil how he'd been lost in the bush with a man named O'Oonneli. Ho didn't say whereabouts, or where they were wanting to get to, or anything. And he kept on inter terupting himsulf in his story and addressing tho little crucifix, and assorting that what he was. saying was true, every word of it. It seemed they had bneu bushed so long that they had given up all hope of ever getting' out. Their tuoker was all used up. and they were starved down to a fearful condition. Tho only water they had to driuk since they left the last 'soak' was in a horrible littlo pool, and that was rapidly drying up. They stayed beside this for several dayB, for they hadn't enough life left in 'em to shift. Be sides, the tucker being all used up, thoy thought tbey might as well die there as any where else. ' So they stuok there, and lived on the water as long as it lasted, and dreadful water it was. A couple of hig animals — bullocks, he said they were, but I don't think it — had died in the water- hole, and, of courso, tbe flies had been at work. It was lucky they had some matches, and with some small scrub wood, easy to get, they boiled the wator after they had strained the maggots out of the dirty stuff. The wator only lasted two days after their food gave out, and then it seemed all up with them. Micky said he stood this as long as he could, and then the devil came along and suggested something that made him shrivel up with fright at the very thought of it ; but the temptation got greater, though ho swore he fought hard against it, and as the awful tortured hours slipped past it seemed easier and easier to do ; and by-and-byo the devil got tho best of tho argument, and just when the red-hot sun was going down behind a big bank of clouds that looked bursting with rain, but held never a drop, ho stuck his knife into O'Conuell's heart. He had scarcely sheathed his knife in the body of his hapless mate when he seemed to wake up, as it were, and realised that he was a murderer and almost'a cannibal. He threw tho knife into the mud, where the stinking bodies of the decaying beasts lay, and orawled as fast a3 he was able from the accursed spot. He must bave been walking all night, he said, but he I had no idea whore. 'About noon next day he was found by a boundary rider, who took him to his hut. Somehow Mioky pulled through, but never a word did he say about his murdered mate until he was pretty well right again i Thai! he pitched a talo about his mate having pegged out through starvation, and so on ? and they went out and- after much search found the boues and buried them. But Micky said he had never had any peace, for the wraith, or ghost, of tho murdered man haunted him, ofteu coming to him at night and threatening him with a knife. That's wlmt Tie said, mind you. I told you before my opinion about ghosts. And he used to drink so heavily so's he wouldn't see this 'ere spirit, but I fancy drinkin' only made matters worse. Micky was just telling us about this ghost of his and what it was like when all of a sudden he started up in his bed and, pointing towards the olosed door, called out in terror : ' ' There he is now ! There's Paddy. He's come again, and ho means it this time. Mother of God, preserve me ! Stand off, you ; you can't pass this,' and he Bhook the little crucifix in front of him. 'His sudden crying out like that gave me a start. I can tell you. Naturally enough, both of ns looked quickly towards the door, and there we saw standing — well, if we hadn't beon worked up the way wo were I 'spose wo shouldn't have imagined anything of the sort. But as it was I could almost swear I saw standing inside the donr a, man dressed only in a torn shirt and old trousers, and with a battered old soft felt hat on his head. In his right hand he held a knife like those carriod by seagoing men. ' ' Stand back,' yelled Micky. ' You oan't harm me now. I am receiving absolution, and have confessed. Keep off and leave me in peace.' 'But the deceased Paddy seemed bent oil vengeance, for tho last word had barely left Micky's lips when he raised the knife and made a sudden spring towards tho bed. He didn't seem to have noticed that we were in tho room. I folt paralysed, and unable to do anything except just stare at what was hap pening. But Mr. Weldon, he was more awake, and had his wits abfiut him. He saw tho man coming, with the knife held aloft, and he spraug up to moot him. But he slipped somehow, and fell right across the bed, on the chest of the dying man. Tbe ghost, or whatever it was, was on top of the two of them in a moment, and I saw tho long knife plunged right through Mr. Weldon's back into tho heart of tho shrieking Micky. At exactly tho samo instant there came a startlingly vivid flash of lightning, followed, after scarcely any fcause whatever, by a orash of thunder which shook tbe old place like as if an earth quake had passed along. That seemed to break the spell tlmt was over me, and I dashed forward tiwirda the bed, whore I thought I could hear a struggle goin' on. ' When ho jumped up to save Micky, Mr. Weldon kicked the table over, and of course the candles went out. It was by the glare of the lightning flush that I saw the knife driven downwards by the hand of the ghost of Paddy O'Connell. I jumped for ward, but in the dark I came up against the corner of tho stretcher b»\d, hard, and hurt my leg. I struck a match pretty smart, and then I found there wore only the three of us there. Paddy O'Connell, or his wraith, or whatover it was I fancied I had seen, was gone. I dunno whether I expected to find Mr. Weldou was hurt or not. Any way, he wasn't. And when he had got up from where he had fallen across the bed, and I had lit one of the bits of candlo again, and told him that I had thought for the moment that I saw him stabbed, he just smiled in a funny way, it seemed to me, and said he'd been stabbed right enough, though he didn't feel anything, 'causo the blow was intended for Micky, and Micky had got it. And then he picked up the bit of candle, and while he held it aloft we both had a look at Micky. He was dead, sure. Aud when I pulled his dirty shirt a-one-sido there, on his breast, just over the heart, was a peculiar looking soar, more like a sear from some hot pointed iron instrument than a knife stab, though it wasn't discolored nine!), mind you ; at loast, that's how the wound looked to me by the uncertain light of the candle. ? ' I looked up at Mr. Weldon, who was very palo aud much agitated, and said that p'raps Micky's wound was an old one, and that he had died from fright. But Mr. Weldon, he shook his head, and said again that the man had been stabbed. But I don't believe it. Maybe it was tho lightning, after all. 'Anyhow, Micky's death, and the manner of it, was ono thing, and Mr. Weldon's going away was another. I was grioved at his going, I can tell you ; grieved to lose him. But what disgusts me is to think that he could bo so silly as to believe that what we thought we saw was really a ghost. He's gone, anyway, and we shall never have another like him, never, for he was a real clever gentleman and a Christian man ; he was so. I'll trouble you for that tobacco-plug of yourn again.' I produced tho tobacoo again, and as he re turned it I Baid : 'So you don't believe it was a ghost you saw ?' ' ' Ghost!' he replied with splendid contempt. No, I don't. There's no such things as ghosts or wraiths, or spirits, nor nothin' else. My nerves was worked up at the time to a thrilling pitch of excitement. Everything in me was strained to breaking pitoh, and I just fancied thiugs, that's all ; and so did Mr. Weldon.' . ' But what about the knife? You say you saw the blow struck, and that you ? ' , 'Hallo!' ho interrupted, as a prolonged whistle from a railway engine distured the quiet, lazy atmosphere of the littlo town we had just entered. 'There's tho train comin' round tho bend, and I shan't have time to got all this 'ere luggage off if I don't hurry. Get up, there; get tip,' aud with his whip he vigorously lashed .the jaded horses into a canter. I questioned him again before he pulled up at tho station eutranoe, but he said ho. had been yarning too much and too long as it was. Perhaps, he added, I should be able to drop across the Bev. Mr. Weldon. He was in Sydney somewhere, ho believed. For my own part I hope I shall, for I should very much like to hear from his own lips how the apparition of Paddy O'Connell at the death- bed of Micky Byan impressed the reverend gentloman, — Hunt Coleman. 