A Floral Wonder of Panama. The Holy Ghost flower, or Flor del Espiritu- Santo, is found in the region of the Isthmus of Panama. It seems to thrive in low, marshy- spots, and springs op from decayed logs or from crevices in the rocks. The larger and older bulbs frequently send up tho leaf stalks six cr seven feet in height and from these, which aro joined, broad lnnceolated leaves are thrown out in pairs. Tlie plant is on annual, and In June, July, and August the flower stalks start up. from the base of tho .bulb, devoting all their- energies to the formation of the buds. The bode are arranged on the stalks much like thoee- of the hyacinth, the usual number for a well-- grown stalk to bear being from twelve to fifteen.. The leaves are very pale green in color, as- though in harmony with the delicate purity o£: the blossom. The blossom is of alabaster white- ness, much like the old-style English pulpit.. Ibis, of itself, is strikingly curious, but it fades into insignificance when one looks into the centre of that strange blossom, for there, nestling in its very heart, is the perfect image of a dove. It requires no imagination to eeet- No one could mistake it for anything else, for no human skill could fasLion its 6hape more- perfectly, no artist could adorn It with more- elegant tints, and no perfumer could sndow with a more delicate fragrance. Bight in the cup of the blossom, with the snow white canopy about ;it, rests this wondrous Image, its deli. e&toly; moulded wings drooping, half extended at its side, its gold-tinted head bent slighfjy forward, and its liny, crimson-tipped hill almost touching Us snowy breast, An observer who- saw it in its native home, trays ; « Just ae lbs- figure of the dove Itself ie there, beyond dlB— pute, bo does an expression pervade the image an expression thai even the most careless cannot .fail to notice, the incarnation of humility and spiritual purity.' Pastoraltsts in the Riverina are still prepar ing for an extension of the share system of farm ing. One pastoralist is reported to have cleared £4000 this year off 6000 acres let to farmers. It is stated that each pound borrowed at five- per cent interest would cost the country in 200- years £16,400. The parson who puts forward this calculation thinks that the interest charge must, by its own weight, break down oar financial affairs periodically. He is not far wrong, for many financial ventures have OrokOD down under the pressure of interest charges,. and many more are borne down to unprofitable UBee from a similar cause. Glen Innes. — Printed aud published by Henry Cleave St, Vincent., for Vincent' Brothers, at his Office. Grey-street. Glen fnnon 