THE Rangers of Razorback: A if rraivo of Biotany Bay. \- ----**-,-,o, - (IN TWENTY PARTS.) PART XIX. Indeed he soon began to see that so far as he was personally concerned the discovery he had made assisted to his safety. lie was aware that the dead man could not have been many months in Sydney, and of course was not likely to have a large circle of acquaintances. Ile would also, if necessary, be able to deceive the friends of Joseph )avis or Emmanuel Gosford, by his know ledge of events connected with the deceased. As he reasoned on the subject, the enormity of the tragedy began to dwindle, until it shrunk to very small proportions in his power ful mind. It was broad daylight when he de. cided to go through with the plans he had formed, and the sounds out side showed that people were begin ning to stir. There was no time to be lost, so going to the kitchen, he concealed the dead body of the dog, deciding to bury it during the com ing night in the back yard, if all went well. This done he returned to the room where the foul crime was committed, and divesting him self of the blood-stained clothes which he wore he proceeded to don the garments of the dead man. They. fitted him fairly well, and when he looked in a small glass kept in the apartment, he was pleased to see the transformation effected. There was still, however, the seri ous difference in hirsute appearance to be overcome. The black beard worn by the outlaw was not more than three inches long, while that on the late owner of the shop was quite a foot in length. Though the idea was most repugnant to him, he recognised it was absolutely essen tial to safety that he should put on the beard taken from his brother's face. With that purpose in view, he cut off short his own, and after a little trouble, fixed the false beard on his face. The change made was mar vellous, and even the most intimate acquaintance of the late Joseph Davis would have failed to penetrate the disguise. The chief danger of failure in his plans rose from the lack of knowledge the pretender had of the commercial transactions in which his brother had been involved. On that point he would have to exercise the utmost care, In searching the room he found a botCh of whisky and nearly £'too in money. The spirits were acceptable, for the shock of the discovery when Davis found he had killed his brother, had greatly unnerved him, and he was glad to revive his drbop. ing courage. Before opening the shop the counterfeit proprietor made a large fire and burned some of the stained clothing, which he had dis carded. After consuming half the bottle of spirits, he decided to throw the shop open, it being about nine o'clock, but he took good care to so. cure the doors leading into the other apartments first. \'hen he opened the front, he found there was not more than half a dozen shops in the vicinity, but further to the north, beginning about a quarter df a mile from the shop, Sydney proper began, There were a few persons moving along the road, and two of those when passing nodded to him in a friendly way. Evidently they thought it was Emmanuel Gosford they were sa luting. Less than a hundred yards distant, he noticed-a store, and as there was no food in the house, he determined to trust himself as far as the place, and purchase what he re quired. It would alse be a test as to the value of the disguise. Closing and locking the door after him, he proceeded along the it rut-i with his riglht hand in the pocket of the coat he ,wore. There was a loaded pistol there, and r.cognition would mean de?tth ot ma o1on?. Assuming the in t non-chal -nt dt .* nicanor he could, the outlaw clnt rtd the store, where he was git -ted as *. Mr. Godord." The saduttiott was returned in t genetal dott of way, and he then ,ld,,rtl what he wanted. 'he sta i.ttketbttper apga eutly did not hl;tc the rctio: :t suspicion he wa se tvin;j anyonii saving his n-ighout , fhli jiwllr, and as l)avia letutrined to the lop be felt that his plhns weO e I , i in; 'out splendidly. If those who we t, most intimatuly :cil:t uint1 d fwith the dead man, inisitol tih i t'oi 't " for him, then sutely out'iidtt -Olh ! ot discover the ,ht adial frauito During the dy only a ioupl, of people came into thi ehip, atl thiy were easily dealt with. I"ott hi, experience of the previos ni,,ht th, outlaw knew ttie usual tuile fot ilb- ing, and when it artiv-cd, hle ptom1. ptly put up the shutteis w\it h a fcl. ing of relief, that the fist day wa., over. The tvensit had leeiy co:t siderable, though not so tnt, t a:. * - might have bcen expcteld undter t.i. circumstances. tc h'd h.en able to get abundance of food atd t tink, which were so much llquhird. and that had a strengthening effect on; him. When the shop was closed, he at once went to the back and made a hole to bury the dog. W\Vhcn this was done, the remainder of the tell tale clothing was destroyed by fire ard while it was burning, Davis helped himself to more than one draught of hot spirits. During the dlay he had thought of removing the stretcher on which his brother had slept to the kitchen, for he did not hall fancy, making a bedroom of the apartment underneath which the murdered man was interred. As it might look suspicious to re move the furniturc, the idea was abandoned, but all the same he re solved not to sleep in the chamber of death. Shortly before midnight he entered the room, and -taking a rug from it, he passed the night in the kitchen. It was in vain he tried to sleep on the rough couch which was in the apartment. Though he had no rest the preceding night, soothing slumber would not visit him woo it how he might. Two or three times he dropped Into a fitful doze only to arouse with a start in a few minutes in a spasm of horrible fear. The place seemed to be haunted for his guilty consci. ence remained wide awake though the bodily faculties tried to sleep. T'he ghosts of Day, Brake, Brook, Shea, Hanlon and his brother, rose before him as he had last seen them and for the first time, Davis realised what a murderer's thoughts were. At last he started up with a fierce oath and piling more fuel on the fire resolved to keep awake and defy fear. MAlixing a cupful of whisky and hot water, he drank it off and began pacing the room to keep awake, So the night passed, and when daylight came hlie laughed at the fears he endured, The second day passed uneventfully, and worn out with want of rest, he managed to snatch a couple of hours of troubled sleep during the night. It was only tivw hours of refined mental agony however, and on the following day he resolved,if possible, to obtain a companion. There was a con siderable risk in bringing anyone into the shop, but anything was preferable to the haunting fears lie suffered alone. The excuse he made for obtaining an assistant was increase of business, and when the young man took up his abode with the late outlaw, the neighbours were glad to know that one at least amongst them was doing well. The very day that the assistant was secured, the little settlement was thrown into un vwonted agitation by the news that two of the famous outlaws known in the Colony as "The Rangers of Razorback," had been captured, In fact they had been secured a few days previously, but the information had not been conveyed to the out. post on the Botany Bay road. Joseph Gosford's shop, was the centre of the village gossips on the subject,and thelateleaderof the gangp had to listen to many comments on himself which were not of a very complimentary character, It was now known that threeout of the four convict escapees from the Nepean settlement had been accounted for, but the arch offender was still at large. A reward of £mooo was offered for the apprehension of Alfred Davis, and the outlaw at times could scarcely refrain from laughing at the way his neighbours discussed plans for his capture, while he formed the centre of the group which arranged them. It was pleasing to think that he had most effectually hoodwinked and deceived them. In the midst of his security there was one point which troubled him, That was the false beard lie wore. It was necessary to keep his own clipped close to the skin in order to wear the talse one, and once or twice he actually thought of shaving. The danger of that course however quickly dawned upon him. In his convict days of course he was shaved weekly, and if he were to revert to that practice, recognition might follow. The long beard was the palladium of his safety, and he must keep.it inviolate. It soon came to his ears that Lewis and Zieman had confessed to the authorities all they could regard. ing the outlaw gang, and of course Davis himself came in for his full share of blame. The captured con. victs only told the truth, and in fact the case against l)avis was not painted so black as it might have been. The only thing that caused the late leader of the bushrangtng hand any c.oncern,was the emphatic opia in expressed by the prisoners that I)avis had muh°e for Sydney, and in all plrobladility was being contAS lhd by timoJnc)(e in the chiet Nettl'Itent. At first th0 authoritie; would not give A IAnt.A 0 IA the s',ate- nt, but ot h-u'th |htiy wi-n , to i pt -: 'l with it thAt A doaI . , iliary) s.tatch a ovl. tdvicd. Ati AK -A Iidti , thAN tAIAI? l Ad-'.o'lit Ais 4 : -ult the pt ti'ns0sCcutpiA A by A i.is mdl his AN-itj nt wett et r JcAihi d by :, pa y of conlt.AIlhs, bAA lkcd utp iVy A miit )y?.i".'t. The re,,. lt \vii. h1, e,tl' ;u / il iln LI t thll ,.li0<!,<h ].li took more ofl a~? ptl(?,?. aii ,wiAItiln' btt\A 't Ie thet ontlAw AiAAI tiht pao ce ,,inhui.rities? tha~n a doinicilialry )A ltAAh inl t tiu s iti tif A (AIl t ei s ali .r fA to; lAviA NAxp'AA(Al the lAlIty ti< Al ri', attI laid ttt a pltc iiftlI t, <f f,.C v ;Atto l A ..trAnltg ilAlIll, with 'Alhich t(, AlAi-I tiAtn Thlt, Iltive in chatilze of the I,.,11) p!llian Unced( the' jewAlhtr Io A b one AI A hA bCt ,A t i,. ' in tit cOUnitiry and his hcAAhth w ,I rApS ,jAA ldly drunk in hlAwintg "hi ts aN avi); '.s N irptt nfieial nil ctingl; with ihe poili,'t of ,'y)dnc)y, Altn] tlth Ae ,umtalelA, who w ( a' ItA ll t l e At AitiA'A, lhi l o t V,' the A,'tAl)'tA t 'I i 'AAlIAAYA'AAi ,l~ IiAiA) t IIt ¢ Ll~t! (t'II at It A'AdoiA A'W tA d1u A ricion i.h l;tltu ) soughtl'[ outla~w ;;n. (ib(tl hat-. AH th< y hat d g At ' wA r' (I! itAy AIcu 'l) , .,'t-'ichititll ; nI eighiAICoAn'5 p i) A+',s, the Jt'w f, it a sense ol A Atcutity to v 1ich 'ih hadl long ben a itrattier. Tbc chief constable Itad itf~orntmd him of ,the iatc txjc4 for the execution of Lewis and Zieman, and as all Sydney would be present to see the bushrangers, it was- only natural that Davis should not form an exception. In fact he had a morbid longing to witness the end of the two wretched men he had lured to death without any apparent reason. In going to Parramatta, ithe out law did not dream that either of the condemned nmen .would recogtnise him in the crowd, and to make as surance doubly sure, ha remained a considcrable distance away from the scaffold. He had a double reason for this. In the first place, he wan ted to be far enough distant to es cape recognition, and he also wished to escape the crush of the mob thr6ugh fear that his false heard might he disturbed. - Lewis recognises Davis and makes some exclamation, drawing the attention of the Sheriff by pointing D)avis out, but orders were given by the head official for the hanging to proceed. His recognition by Lewis filled him with a feeling akin to terror, for it was uncanny, How the doomed man could pierce the disguise, was more than hlie could understand, and he attributed it to miraculous agency. 'rThe way the young convict acted on the scaffold very nearly led to the downfall of the Jew, and he did not feel safe until Ie returned to the shop. For several d(lays after the execu tion, he remained in his room on the plea that hlie was unwell, butgradu ally the fright disappeared, and he took an active part in his business affairs. With the death of O'Shea, Lewis, and Zieman, it seemed as if the fu ture safety of Davis was assured. l-His plans had resulted as satisfac torily as if a higher power than mortal man had conceived them. Indeed, the way the. outlaw chief had outwitted the authorities was little short of marvellous. The means were simple in the extreme, but they had dove-tailed one to the other in a way which made the scheme perfect. It is said that the devil takes care of his own, and the truth of the saying was exempified in the career of Davis. Had he not been strangely directed to the house occupied by his brother, it is almost certain hlie must have been captured by the authorities within a day or twvo. The arrest of Zieman and Lewis would have precipitated that result. t'or a tew months after the execu. tion, Davis occupied himself exclu. sively with the business, and for a time he was actually pleased with the idea of pursuing a commercial life. He had speedly put himself on an excellent footing with the public, for he was a fellow with a good hddress and an engaging man. ncr. - The trade which his brother had entered upon was also a lucra. tive one, and altogether the loft' of the late outlaw was cast in pleasant places. Amongst the best customers were the civil and militaryoflficers, aid he kept himself on a good footing with them, Though not fond of display. ing jewellery himself, he was forced to follow the example set him by Joseph Davis in that respect. Con sequently Emmanuel Gosford, as he was called, was about the best dressed man in Sydney, and his ap. pearance altogether was distin. guished. He was invited to all the social gatherings of any note, and was in short recognised as a part of Sydney society. The fellow had a remarkable aptitude for reading character, both male and female, and that faculty stood him in good need. It enabled him to steer a safe course through a chaniel beset with dangeirs, and within twelve months of the burning of Brook farm, the perpetrator was one of the most popular men at Government house. The wheel of fortune turns very strangely at times, but surely necvr were the ups and downs of life morp strangely axempliftied than in the career of Alfred Davis, The Jump from a hunted outlaw to a respect. able guest at the vice.regal mansion was a big one, buat it had been suc= cessfully accomplished by the des. perado, on whose head a price was set. - The liberality of the Jew bad 4 good deal to do with his popularity. It is not often those of tiLe Hebrew race are prodigal of their gifts, but Davis, or Gosford, certainly was. He dkM not spend money very frcely, but made iinimroii s io, e i enis of j-welle y to tho'e who ,iight ho able to do him a ?tovic- if needed, The: e Was a ;iiilthod in lii liibrality which was woi?hid o a well or01gisud plain. 'hle g[o'rnior himself was 10ot 1ilov c'eptingl a ,oll chiroromotir fi om l'iimiaiim.l ( '.foido, anl th: proznti \v,', n t il aririei of r i?.nks. Shrii d ill al "aid h ijet of the Jew was to in,'tta?.e hi:; bul.'iness? by tmi,'n? pr :eent:, which wer,: a b~ig adve -v:' tinanent to him. It wasu hi:? mtth,,d of c.otiniil Ientad ,i ihie watlm,' which wviilhl I 0t1111n t'nfohl. It niigzht be thoigiht that the for ti:. whiiih imiilhd on thi' ex-convict wouhl hloai':: asp a solace for the tr~uhl?e h i had pasol t.l}irouglh, but in f.it iliat wai not an. Th lines: po ol,"ily ,hone nonl hin ii e ml'one ,la ty ih .e mlau be.slwoa . Ihit many ien h?'did not fal toinote ibis, ani t, je'' a''.'iihd his incieasig ,111l. aitholy to a di'ondir:i liver. Close .t ilenion tO luini :ss Va. tulloig on hi hi a hIrted, and in truith the co1,i'51 a ppairince i0 soiiie exte?t? Ilt' out tii t i titte.ill niIl. I)r. John ltolne, who was the re ,'niiid medical aui thority in the infit?,d b~ut ?'xclu?,ively f;?,hion~abhe c'iuIe ait the, hea;d se'ttltement, w',,s: con-uhtid by I lvis, or ratlher G os ,, oil ii tht getiilnai ;igittd that a i ii,-ge would liisoe hiclhly line. tacil to tho I ,:li w j:weller. This p ioiail w,, slyly .iiggestvd by the pit?ont him' ell, lut so cleverly, thit it ,as scarcely apparent. The jey said it meant runi t bl? busiflg, " RAhNCERS OP, R13ACK. SPATX. " It is all vcryl you to say *go to Englandic r, but that mntr. an ahsencci ccan Inontlihs at the least. I. i im Itimo.what wouald become . n shop," lie answered the mto en the trip was suggested.? If you think itof ir business than of your lif), Y Iydney by all means. li'ag to leave with the first' tir sailing for England, and ~l l io readily take your groilP ) jection if I studied moneyi?lr alth. You are much worse th i Gosford, replied Dr. Johnist The fact was, 'f( hs Davis had been manceuvS get away from Sydney in l.in cr which would not attract s us atten. tion. He was hatin the ever present dread of?fe ry, and he well knew thatgiri moment Nemesis might oCe him. The false bca wore, was at the bottom of a secret alarm. Nearly every d ihad to shave off his own hir row.th. or it would force off tý rded mask he had torn. from 0ead brother's face. To appe ublic, shaven he dare not, or Intity with the close.cropped a t thfa'ced con. vict, Alfred Da ;ht be sugges. ted. Though lk most extra. ordinary prccaut keep the false beard secure, y moment a thoughtless pu a boisterous companion or a lent might be the means of s him on the road to the gall There was no method which I w, that would enable him to , is own beard to grow in lengt hat ultimately it might take t ce of the hide. ous reminder o murdered bro ther. To most s it may seem strange that so ently.trivial a cause should st fixed dread of discovery into art of the har. dened ruffian. When his fri and strange to say he had in uggested a trip to the old coi the supposed Gosford pretent laugh at the idea, and led to believe he would be reluc, compelled to leave Sydney f me. A voyage to England an k meant about twelve months e water, and a sojourn of a ye; he bid country, would be reqt to re-establish health. Thus two years' abh sence from the ny Bay settle. ment would b olved, and the thought of losil accomplished and rich Mr. rd for so long, was not at all ng to a section of Sydney soci mmnanuel Gos ford was a ba r, or so much concern might ave been exper ienced in his i ents. Of course th is owner of the jeweller's shop d the inforlna. tion that he w ot remain away from Sydney a tut longer than he could help. T liof leaving at all was most di lul to him, so he asserted, and o se the know. ihg ones conclud c rich and popular Jew wa tttn by the charms of somic lady. Who the favored persolino one could really ascertain, thinmany namnc were mentioned. e conjoctures on this topic wefe, Davis or Gosford was l-)- a quiet 'way realising the stock The reader witlily compre hend that the coi had not the remotest idc; ofr putting his foot on Sydney so:e I)e got clear of the penal settle:' In fact his intention was to iien remain in England, but to goy to America as soon as lie (.'(o so after reaching the Unitingdom. A week after lihcrview with Dr. Johnstone, it wnnounccd by the authorities, ttle transport ship St. Ilci'na I leave Port Jackson for the qes within a month, and it soeiaine known that amongst thc( ngers would be] Emmanuel ? l and Dr. Johnstone. No d( tthcr officers and colonists wo so sieze the opportunity to ich le old land. As was the cuistoi lie time, ad. vantago was tak lhe interven. ing days before tl -cl's depar, ture to fete the di ig colonists, and thus it cIame ;lthat Gosford was the rceiliiuntInany invita. tions to social fcsi~ , W\ith a keen Ito business, characteristi,: of ,ce, thle Jew didl not mi.ii an < unity to dis° poste of the gr.itt >rtion of thei procedure, (:,'ie;e> a';s (Sosford .ga'ic out that hi :.ntion was; to return with ai n in d ,i it tpply of povcltites in li3 li? 'o asi'.t the clr': in( :,:tit., lht: :(i;Llulbill: di( i i il>uted, : ctting fiin (lihe t a'tl ii ninIeIlcr, tile ILtib ).B'liicli \\\e('r to Ite had at thl i,hi thle l Intiny ]J,ay toli.u Thit lth' ttfl ct t fir lra\vin; ty ictal lian to thl t.il antil w toutl-ieh- i or t thoe' im plhl ,l bI y cello:i rs ,cI.: thn: muchl !.uglht aft<tr (o:,f'is;itcd thle ;hop uin nutbesy f. ii ot wai It s t hey irtlyt - I 1 o'clok otl thl: moning of tjith 1 )Decemlci (r, wajI, thAIi t(wo !it w nde d tlniri way alonj the lIIy roa:l towards the jew cllhTr' . ipli ,'l'l>hey hadl be cn Iattira tc ild t th i cl iy :iCtl ,)l|tnei of thi e hlindbil iit a,- s? It waout ti<y atticwht ich tIccing odI ere d. A;s tiy wc i tfi-Jlt clock, thi iri own hlavine letL ttoye' irn a tih which lm ncd |omcst'ad, the oppjortunlty of iny oiiu wa, availed of. As they sp ntke a slhiop (ioy foo was taslking to: o :r, and l b )th latlie'i stol-pp d nly an, l (t)rnetl visibly palh w\vh a sou ld of his; voice fill upon t ai;;. It was only foi a nmomcnt, f, idlcr lady with a •,lJighi t lIu h : . .. " \\\' art . ,till tn'rvousI ' ;va, ai tlr w onIdlt'r after what w\ hav< !crt'd. Hire at least our ft.',ii' rounldihs;." Sh te,; i pprd ,,tlu ti threshold as she spoke, a as met by Gos. ford'a assistant , had been ma. tioned )by his employer to wait on the new comers. The convict Jew instantly rccognised in the visitors, Mrs. and Miss Brook, of B1rook farm on the Nepcan, and it required all the resolution he could summon to prevent the lady he was speaking to noticing his pcrturbatio.-. Human nature is frail, and it was no matter for surprise that Alfred Davis should feel a sudden sense of fear at the impending danger, when the wife and daughter of one of his victims thus startlingly confronted him. For a full minute, he did not speak, and was so evidently preoc cupied, that his customer.rallied him on the fact and he roused himself to a sense of the position. Presence of miind did not forsake him entirely, and he well knew it would be dangerous to speak in the hearing of Mrs. Brook and hei daughter. He remembered that matw criminals had been rccdgnised and brought to the gallows by their voice, and he was determined to guard against a similar mistake. For more than a quarter of an hour, ho managed to keep his visitor in. terested in the various articles placed before her, and when he spoke, it was in a low voice- and altered as much as he could manage to do. In the meantime, he was listening keenly to what the two new comers were saying to his assistant. Mrs. Brook was pricing an eight day clock, and during the bartering, she informed the young assistant about the tragedy which had happened over a year previously at Brook farm. Neither herself or her daugh ter had been in Sydney since the memorable meeting with the out. laws, when Hanlon was slain. They had plenty to do in rebuilding oper ations, and it almost seemed as if the hand of fate had directed the mistress of Brook farm to Gosford's shop to replace the wall clock des troyed by the act of the outlaw chief. 'ne young man listened with interest to the recital of the outrage pepertrated by, the Rangers of Razorback. He had heard some thing of the history about the time Lewis and Zicman were executed, but it was not an every day event to have two persons who were so deep. ly affected by the operations of the gang befere him. His comments were not very soothing to the troub. led spirit of Gosford. The young man more than once expressed to the fair.visitors his desire to see the infamous Davis brought to jus tice and told them how willingly he would attend his execution, He was not slow, however to state his opinion that the outlaw must be dead as he could not otherwise understand how he could sp long escape arrest. Occasionally both Mrs. and Miss Brook would glance at the proprie. tor of the shop, but apparently they did not recognise him as in any way identical with Davis the outlaw. When the purchase was complete they gave the address to which it had to be sent, and left the place without knowing they had been in the presence of the murderer of the husband and father. When they had gone, Gosford managed to get away to his room, the room underneath which lay the remains of the brother he had sla;n, and th-tre began a battle between his passions and his judgment. He had seen the wonan he loved and the woman he hated with a deep and hitter hatred. For the greater part of the day, he remained in his room resolving schemes in which love and hatred, the two great passions of humanity, were strangely mingled. The assis tant was instructed to deny him to callers, and for over six hours he re mained locked in the chamber of death. The StI.lelena transport ship was to sail, in three days, so that time was precious, and the plottfr would have to act rapidly, Davis was a man of decision and rose to the occasion, The address left by the- ladies, where the block was to be sent, was No. 39 Phillip street, Sydney, and the assistant was a little surprised when Gosford emerged from his room and stated his intention of delivering the article himself. It was the irst time for six months he had undertaken such work. Gosford was due at a fashionable gathering at the Comptroller Gen eral's house that evening, but in stead ofgoing he sent an apology by his assistant. The absence of Elm manuel Gosford was regretted by the host, hostess and guests, but two hours; after the apology reachedl the former, stratngo and wonderful tidings- weNre atllied to the Colup. tiolller, who:pe l0rIe ' lcet was iclilirctl at gove\'t1rnent hlouset and I next lay, Sydney society \vwas anlost partalys:d y the news whichl lalt.'cd through thlt; h0C ad i e .'ttl?llient, and twas s oon cartned through and be yond thev colony. It was shotily a:ftVr niine o'clock when Gosford r.achc:d N)o. 39 P'hillip st :et with thie clock. The two Ilies were staying it tIhe( house vwkh fliendtls nllamed liayVoiond, alnd when the hbog,; jewcylli arrivled, MI". ll )ook aind Mis. ym l';yIIo tl wI " not at h111i f. , M i. i;:Iytin I .lnd, :iil clderly gentliniiman, opcnctl thei (Ioor, and ( i sfold quickly di.cov\ Ir. that the wo liian I1(: o l' alttily hated was not withiin, i;I hounld this out by .alying he wisl to show the. pl chaser of the clock how to iCregulatt it, and old M l, layinlt)' d ( iconcludIdl that Miss Brook couhl ac.t in her inothlri:' place, and at onice asked him into the house. So f.-r otiituno \ws on the side of the outlaw, fir his ideairst wish w;as to Inleet Mliss Ibook atone. In that eve?nt he ad finally decided to tcst the ilifltuef he stiill had ovcr the gill, and if all went well, he would reveal his identity, and stake ill on the issue. I is intention was to pet - suade: Aliss liook to leave the colony with him as his wife, and to do so of course it would be ncccssary to in. vunt and narrate many lies as to past events. Ic. wIas not0mnany moments in the room ..when Miss ]3rook entered, accoipanied by Raymond, and with out delay the jeweller began to show the girl the various points about the clock which required attention. 1Eva Brook, it. must be said, felt not a little gratified at the consider ation shown to herself and mother by the popular Emmanuel Gosford, and she did her best to show that she was not insensible to the attention. In a few minutes the master of the house left the room, and as he closed the door, the girl felt a sudden sense of inexplicable alarm which was nbt lessoned wheni she noticed the gaze of the supposed Gosford bent upon her in a strange manner. As she looked the veil of memory seemed to lift, and staggering to her feet in deathly pallor, she gasped: "You !" Utterince failed her, for though she tried to speak, the words froze on her lips. With lightning-likc intui tion Davis read in her horror-striken face how the girl abhorred him, and he knew his doom was scaled nnless the fatal impression was removed. "I have risked my life to come ..here and tell you I love you Eva. SDon't believe the lies you have heard about me. I swear I had no hand in your father's death, I. -." " Nor in murdering my uncle I suppose," interrupted the girl scorn. fully, for she was beginning to regain her courage after the first shock of the hideous discovery. " He brought death.on himself. I did not want to slay him. Let.us forget the past Eva and only think of the future. I am going to Eng. land in two days. Come with me and I vill begin a new life," The outlaw had insensibly dropped the assumed voice and spoke in his natural 'tones. IHe was pleading with the girl in deep earnest, for his life was in jeopardy. If he could not win her love, he might at least induce her to be silent as to his identity. Miss Brook inherited the presence of mind and courrge which charater ised her mother, and she recognised it would be wise to temporise with the outlaw. " Go, and don't desecrate the name of love. I will be silent until you sail." As she spoke; the girl pointed to the door, but Davis did not intend to leave in such a fashion. Hle had discernment enough to see that the girl might not be faithful to her pro. mise, and he continued in tones of concentrated earnestnessto urge her to leave with him, While he was speaking, a strange scene was being enacted outside. A few minutes after the false jeweller entered the house, Mrs; Brook and her friend returned. As they stepped into the hall, the sound of Davis's voice, speaking of Hanlon's death, fell upon theirears. For a moment, the mistress of Brook Farm hesitated, but only for a moment. Whisparing to Mrs. Raymond to wait for her in the kit. chen,'the wife of the murdered sett ler opened the door and stepped into the street. The moment was oppor. tune, for Corporal Maynard and four soldiers were just passing on patrol duty. Overtaking the Corporal, who was pleased to see .her, she whisper'ed something to him which evoked a low whistle, indicative of surprise. "Halt there lads, just follow me, and look out for the word of com mnand," he pompously called to the men, who at once obeyed. Beckonning to the Corporal, Mrs. Crook threw the door open and sud. denly entered, followed by the mili. tary party. As they did so, May. nard recognised the man within as Gosford, and he was about to with. draw with an apology, when the supposed jeweller threw off the mask Concluding that all was lost, he de termined to satiate his vengeance on the woman he hated. Putting his right hand.into a se. cret pocket in the coat, he drew a pistol, but Mrs. Brook anticipated resistance and was too quick for him. Being armed with a concealed pistol she got first shot, and the bullet struck Davis on the. elbow of the right arm, shattering the bone, and causing the weapon to fall harmlessly on the floor. Before he could do anything with the remaining arm, the soldimrs recovered from their surprise and seized him. hMri. Brook toro off the false beard, and Gosford stood revealed as the much wanted outlaw, Alfred Davis. It was while lying in Parranmatta gaol, awaiting death by the hang man's haI.inl, thiat IJavis detailed his career to the authorities. It cm braced his crimnl, in the old country as well as tiho.e which had been sketched in this Inarrative. It was a terrible cai rer which was unfolded an ,l it was littrle wo\nd\ r his gaolers tlulbbcd thl leader of the Razorback Rangers, a vely ptince of crimninal:s. (Un the :cti-hld( he said tlhat no man could combat dlu.tiny, and his cap ture was a proof of it. 