A PRACTICAL JOKE. A joke is a good thing, and a man, woman, or child without a sense of humour, or without the capability for enjoying a little fun, Is to be pitied. But very few people like practical jokes, and, as they are often mischievous and harmful, it is not to be wondered at. This little story is about a practical joke, aod the readers must judge whether it was good or bad. No ouc would have thought that the qujet and peaceful httle viJJage of CJuney was notorious for its drunkenness. The men were chiefly farm labourers, and worked in the fields from morning until night. Now there lived ten miles away a queer little hunchback. He was a cobbler by trade, a religious man by profession and practice, and a staunch teetotaller. He came over to Cluney several times with tracts and with appeals to try 'and turn the people from their evil deeds. But they would have none of him. ' 1 will go back to my cobbling,' said he, 41 and will think what can be done.' Then the little hunchback cobbler puzzled his brain until he camc to the conclusion to play on these country people a practical joke ! Tbe Cluney public-house had a very queer name. It was painted on what they callcd the Ale Stake — that is the pole set up before tbe house on which to hang the sign. The name on the Bignboard was : u The Man Laden with Mischief.' A very good name indeed for such a place I Now on a certain night when it was just dark the Cluney labourers made their ways in twos and threes as usual to ' The Man Laden with Mischief.' but as they got up to the bouse they were startled to see a white shin ing signboard instead of the old coloured painting; and on this white shining sign board they saw these words : ** The Best Side of a Public-house is the Outside.' Now the Cluney men were very super stitious. The first labourer to sec this caught hold of his companion's arm, and pointed to the words. 14 It's a ghost as has done that,' he said ; and both men turned to go home. The other labourers came up one by one. All saw ine origin- ligm ana inc strange woiau, and some were afraid. It looked like a message from heaven right up against the dark clouds. And that night there were only three men at the bar of 'The Man Laden with Mischicf.' The next morning tho coloured painting was there as before. The little hunchback cobbler had rubbed off the phosphorus and the strange words, but his practical joke had in its good effect far exceeded his expecta tions, for it had so alarmed many of the superstitious Cluney labourers that they learned from that night the truth of those startling words: 'The Best Side of a Public-house is the Outside.' — Adviser. What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other ? Sound discretion is not so much shown by never making a mistake as by never repeating it. It is one of the worst of errors to suppose there is any other path of safety than that of duty. Though a girl inay become learned by another* learning, she can never be wise but by her own wisdom. I will not kill nor hurt any living creature needlessly, nor destroy any beautiful thing ; but will strive to save and comfort all gentle life, and guard and perfect all natural beauty upon the earth. — Rdskin. A woman can win a man's love without i trying, but she cannot keep it that way. I 