THY LOVE. Thy love to me is & heir thing. A aacred aalszm trust; Befnatnog as a desert spring. Fi*l**i'T***'g. candarQnfC— - Ajortowhich my besrt most ding T21 mingled with thednst; Thy lovp to me is a holy thing. A sacred, solemn trust. Toy lore to me is » beacon bright A never setting alar, A heaven-tenecdng stream ot light That inudes me onward .hrooKht Utrrucht, Where peace and gia-£=-T jb are. Thy love's to me a beaLjn bright. A never setting star. Thr love to me is a silken cop That binds me toall mod, A haven in the ceaseless brou, A strength that steels toy szms to toil And in thy sweet approving smile Mv spirit nnds its load : Thy lore tome's a aukenooQ That binds me to an ^oad. Thv love to me is far moredear. Than aoeht beneath the son. And having thee I do not lear The whole wide world » reproach or sneer. They on but bind me stm more near, To thee, my dearest one: Thy love to me ia far more dear* L.H.H,OeorjMtnet. No matter how costly a man's «Tprriwn« has been, he is generally trilling that otter people should have the benefit of it gratia. In the Honse of Commons the other evening a new member alluded Is the council of Us own toirn afi ' my own corporatian.u Doctor: '' If you bind salt pork on yoorface it will core toothache.'' Patient: 'But, doctor, won't it give me pork chops V The country newspaper remarks that the man who takes a dog out ahoodog with him cannot help feeling glad sometimes, when he conies home, that the beut is dumb. A waiter says that people are unreasonable. They -xpect too much from him. If they had proper consideration they would not all man in to dinner at the busiest hour of Che day. Charleton Gates : ?? Are your really ao hard up!' Tramp: 'Hard npl wny, mr, u suits of clothes -*as sellin' at a penny a-psece. I wouldn't hareenongh to buy the arm-hole of a vest.' ' So,' said Cholly, ' I will never consent to having twadespeople in the dob.' ' Why not !' inquired a fellow-member. ' Became I have twouble enough to avoid meeting my cweditors as it ia.' ' Talk abont a man breaking his heart,' said an old lady. ' Well, perhaps he does ; bnt its like a lobster breaking orje of its claws —another eprocto out at once and grows in its Pit's leap-year Question.— At a festive gathering on February 29th a true son of Erin asked : 'Has it occured to .any of ye that it will be eight solid years before we again sea this day twelve months f Scene a board schooL— Teacher: 'The American Icdians called the women aqoawa Now can anyone tell me what they call their children V Small boy: 'Yes, mom. I suppose they call thenaqaaUera.' Mistress: 'Anna; whatever has become of all your pretty curls ?' Maid : ' You eee, and Bo'l have had to give a lock of my hair to several of my acQuaintances.' A : ' Sponter is a pretty able debater, isn't he:' B: 'I should say so. Why, he can call an opponent a bur and a scoundrel in fifteen different ways without violating the rules of order.' Neighbour's Boy (looking turougn tne fence) : ' My father's a heap bigger man than yourn !' New Boy (in cold disdain) : ?' 1 hat aio't notliin. When, my father snores you can bear hiui half a mile !' Young Master (arriving home late, en* counters the housemaid returning from her 'day out'): 'Why, Jane, this is a nice time of night to come home !' Jane : ' Yea, air. What would missus say to us if she knew ?' At the Ma&qoerade.; — ' From this time on I shall believe in ghosts,' 'aid Lottie. » Why eo?' You know that * widower' who has been devoting himself to me all theeveoing ? Well, bis dead wife appeared jast now and took him 