riirist In the Old Testament. The Rev. F. 13. Meyer, M.A., speaking at the recent Mlldmay Convention on "Christ, the fulfilment of the Prophetic Word." concluded Ilia address as fol lows: — Now, Christ is In the New as He was in the Old. Up till now, perhaps, with sonic of us, Jesus Christ has u.ot profit ed us; we have not seen Him in the Old or the New, and therefore to-day there comes the solemn challenge. Is there not a veil upon your face ? There y&s; a time when, between the holy place and the holy of holies the veil was "rent In twain," from the top to the bottom and the holy of holies that symbolised the spirit and the holy place that symbolised the soul were drawn Into one compartment. Has there ever bee In your life and mine a rending of that veil ? Has there ever been a time when your spirit and your soul have been, so to speak, drawn into one, and you were individu ally overshadowed and penetrated by the ShekinaJi glow of the Holy Ghost ? Has there ever been a moment in your life when there has been a rending in twain from top to bottom of some pre judice, of some uncharlty, of some in consistency In heart or life ? Oh, If there be Lhat veil, If up till now the Word of God has been to you a veiled book, and you have not seen Christ In It, 1 pray you get alone by yourself before God Almighty, and ask that whatever has come between you and a perfect vision of Christ and His Word tnay be rent In twain that you may see Him eye to eye. But next, there muat be the reception ot the Holy GliOBt It was by the Holy Ghost that the prophets wrote, and by the Holy Ghnst that the apostles were directed to understand what the Holy Ghost meant, and there must be on the part of all of us a constant reception of the Holy Ghost who wrote the Word and Who will reveal Jesus In that Word. And mark, all along the line of yvmr life you will find that if you live near God there will be a constant fresh reception and a constantly enlarged reception of the Holy Ghost, and In proportion as you get this enlarged reception of the Jjlessed Spirit He will open to you in the ©Id and New Testaments alike Jesus Christ In His glory. Have you received the Holy Ghost definitely In your life as the Spirit of revelation, and do you, whenever you open the Word of God, meekly bow your bead and say, vj spirit of God, show me the face of Christ here? And then, lastly. In order to appre ciate Christ In the Old and New Testa ments, there muBt be reflection. People go away from our conventions and con ferences with their note-books, and they say to themselves. " I have got It all here," and they think, because they have got the words of the speakers, that they have got the truth ; -whereas, in point of fact, they have only got so much of the truth as they are obeying had living In their life. Those are not blessed who hear, but those who obey. 'That man ahall he blessed in lii6 deed." J&nd;, if you really want to see Jesus In the Bible, you must go and live Jesus In your dally life. When you have seen iome sweet trait in the character of Christ, In the Word, you must nek Him, iy the grace of the Holy Ghost, that you piay reflect it amongst" men. I waut Just to say a thing here which |ias been a real help to me. So often in ! tine's life one waits to feel Impelled with St certain Christ-like direction, and If the impulse does not come one Is dispos ed to wait until it does come. I see now lhat we have no right to wait to feel in a. mood to act In such and such a way, put that by force of our will, reinforced py the power of the Holy Ghost, who jIlls in us, It Is our duty to do, or to Attempt to do, what we know we should do, and as ftve do It we find ourselves able to do it, tnd that which we did by force of our '111, ultimately we come to do by tlie fcholce of our heart. So that, if you will fccgl to live Christ up to the small limit pf your knowledge, and because you J flight, you will be transfigured; refiect- ng Christ you will be changed into the likeness of Christ. In other words, trans figuration docs not only come to the man Who with rapt vision beholds the glorv. Of God and Jesus, but to the man who" day by day is trying to translate Jesus Into his daily life, to tvpcal Je.sus in thought, word and deed j 