WISE AND OTHERWISE. Hho Victorian postal authorities rccogniso that laughter is, as tho poot says, "tho wino and bread of life." Once yon rocogniHO this ns a guiding principlo in Stnto craft, then it be comes of greater importance to koon tho town ninuscd than to deliver lottors chcajily anil promptly or to givo a rciisonabio tclejihonic sorvico. Iloro you havo Mr. Duffy's postal policy laid liaro. And if tho Postal Hoard is only spared and kept going long enough, tho happiest results are likoly to follow. Tho department appears to bo an inexhaustible treasure liouso of "good things," and, in tho language of tho mining export, only wants pros- posting and developing. To prove this, whoro would you find a more improssivo story than in tho history of tho departmental liarrow, which in its happy infancy was bought for £2, and then by an elaborate and spirited policy of repairs now represents £10 of invested capital ? Again, whoro will you find a moro significant story than that of tho depart mental rako — firo rake — which might havo been bought for £1, hut for wliioii tho do)>artinciit pnid £4 10s. ! Tho point'of this story is that tho rako will not ho required for tho next -10 years, as a witness testified upon oath ! Many BiiggcBtioiiH havo boon offered from time to time upon tho " depression and tho way out of it but wlint need to do moro than just keep tho PoBtul Board going digging out tho records of tho department 1 What visions of delight and unspcakablo joy aro disclosed iu a singlo scutouco of tho many thousands comprising tho Water Commission's bulky report. " Tho commission has travelled 724-1 miles by rail, 1145 by road and 700 inilcH by Btcamcr." That is something liko a picnic — extending over 24 years. If tho rest of tho report is cast in tho Hnino Btrnin, what vistas of human happiness it will open up i However, fow people aro likoly to got beyond the firHt paragraph, for to read tho wliolo report would omploy a man moro than a fortnight. As wo havo no lcisuro class in Victoria, otlior than our civil sorvants, it is clear that if the Government desires to havo tho work of the Water Commis sion understood, it lmd hotter appoint another commission to loport upon tho provious commis sion's report. " Good wino needs no hush," wo havo been told. NovcrthoIcHH Mr. M'Lcllan, in Parlia ment, has been discoursing largely upon tho excellent quality of Victoriiut wines, saying (1) that it was " impossible to get drunk on colo nial wine," nnd (2) that ho "always felt hotter whon lie lind drunk frcoly of wino." Ararat is a wino producing electorate, and a love of a "full glass" and a Gargantuan thirst is quite n proper thing in tho mcmbor for tho distriot. Now the secret is out why through good and evil report Mr. M'Lcllan is alwayB rotumed unopposed for Ararat. Yot what a Baholnisinn timo lio must havo when canvaBBinS tho boya. Something like tliiB : — "So, my frieudB, so I whip mo off that glass neatly. A cessation and truco with thirat. Ha I thou false fovor, wilt thou not ho goiio ? I myself drink otornnlly. Drink and you slmll never' dio. If I drink not I am aground, dry, gravelled and spent, and my soul is ready to fly into some marsh amongst frogs. Tho soul never dwells in a dry place ; drought kills it. To it, thou. I am a freo man at this trade. Come, then, blades, to tho divine liquor and celestial juice. Swill it ovor heartily and spare not ! It is a decoction of tho nectar and nmbrosia." An edict or a hull, or something to that effect, lms been issued by the Chief Commissioner of Polico pormitting constables in uniform to ride bicycles. This wns only to he expected ; for long tlio euro footed wandoror of tho night has been casting wistful glnncos at tho liuiigorlcss horso and experiencing tho faint hopo that per haps somo day ho might oxclmngo tho sober labors of kicking doora and dragging drunks up tho Russell-street hill for tho dolirious ccstacy of turning off a milo iu nought nought or somo equally meritorious time. It will ho interoBting to noto the effect .of oyoling experiences on those officers who lmye boon moBt assiduous in tho regulation of tho traffio.- A moro liboral interpretation of; tho laws 'invariably--, follows' education ; and so will it bo in this caso. Soon wo will bco tho officers engaged in a 30-mile sprint around tho " Blook," wliilo Tim Kcano stands at Nicholson's corner calling in his well- known tones, "Ownly furrty noine moro laps." Yot another achievement of the glorious freo- trado policy of Now South Wales burst upon tho unoxpcctant Australian publio when tlio truo proportions of tho lepor industry as conducted in tlio sistor colony be came properly apparent. A severo blow was Btruck at tho protectionist fallacy of coddling infant industries by means of tlio tariff, for with out a penny toll on the imported leper, Sydnoy has been able, not only to produco 14 bona, fide lepers of locnl origin, but to export to tlio Flowery Laiid another 18. Mr. Roid grins across tho Murray with a degreo of exultation almost fiendish, wliilo poor Mr. Tumor squirms visibly uiuior his baleful glare and casts a shamefaced glance towards I'ortsoa, where a paltry quartet of decaying OhinoBo eko out the balance of their lives. It requires only such o -rather shock nB this to plungo Victoria into tiio throes of a general oleotion and to hear tho turtlo voico of triumphant frce-trado ro- eehoing from Wecah to Cronjingolong, from Young and Jackson's to the setting sun. It is eminently satisfactory to learn that a now form of oxprossion lins boon found for tlio adora tion with which tho fnir Bex regard their favorito pastor. Sydney Smith's ourato who proudly displayed CO paiiB of embroidered slip- pors presented to him by liis spitiBtor admirers, if ho had lived in tlicBo lattor days would havo oscapcd tlio dean's blighting comment, "My dear fellow, tlioy must tnko you for a centi pede," for his female devotees would havo fol lowed the oxample of the ladies of St. Paul's, W est Maitlnnd, who recently "pooled" their finances and their clerical fervor, and presented their pastor with— n bicycle. Of course an inorcaso in pastoral visitations will follow, and no doubt tho good example will be imitated clsowhorc. There arc various ndvantagos in tlio now parochial development. For example, no moro effectivo and at tlio samo timo delicate hint could he given to a popular bachelor parson by the Indies of his congregation than tho presenta tion of "a bioyclo built for two." Tliero appears to bo a good deal of misappre hension as to why Dr. Nauson did not climb the North Polo. His own impression is that it was through a dearth of dogs, and other scientists affirm that ha would havo pulled off tho event if ho had " packed " tho Fram in tho ico floes east of New Siberia instead of west of that in hospitable group. lVo might leavo tho effete northern hemiBphoro to worry through its polar problem, and continue on Buoli fallacious lines as sledging aud ballooning, woro it not that it is now proposed to operato in our own licmisphoro and attack tho South Polo in Bimilar abortivo fashion. Ho was only 400 miles from tlio Pole, when lie left tlio From, encumbered with tliroo sledges, two canoes nnd two months' rations for 2S ravenous dogs, whoso working allowance is 7 lb. of animal food per diem. It took him a month to travel less than 150 miles north over sheer ico— a distance whioh any meinhor of tho L.V.AY. would ncgotiato in 21 hours — with a head wind. Tho Leaguo of Viotoriou Wheelmen should really take tho matter up. Tho leaguo could rake in thousands in gato money by exhibition performances of tlio Antarctic Team, both beforo starting and, perliaxis, after return. Tlio people of Paris seem lo have suddenly developed an exalted and rigorous standard of marital obligation and responsibility. The great heart of Franco is deeply perturbed and troubled lest tho Franco-Russian alliance should collapse through undermining petticoat influ ence, And tho alarm lias been raised by a roport that tho Czar meant to leave his Alix to ruraliss with Queen Victoria at Balmoral Castlo wliilo ho paid a visit en yarcon to Paris. Tlio issuos at stake aro twofold— moral and political, and consequently it is not to be wondered at that tlio Parisian press declared tho matter to ho "of tho gravest moment" to Europo. Nicholas, turned loose in Puris without his consort to look after him, would cortalnly got into trouble. Tlio Czar lias realised the situa tion, liowovor, and has taken measures to pre- vent a rupturo. Tho. thing has been managed through tho Russian ambassador at Brussels, who has, "by order of tho Czar," of course, dropped a littlo private noto into tho editorial box of Lc Nord authorising that journal to l«cifv Franco with the asHuranco that tho Czarina will visit Paris as well ns Balmoral. Tho people of Now .South Wales ought by all tho laws of free-trade logic to ho a highly satis fied community now that tlioy liavo got lid — temporarily at least— of tlio " incubus of pro tection." They arc getting chair from Ceylon, boots from Japan, wheat and flour from Cali fornia, and sugar from coolie labor countries — and yot tiioy aro not happy. This is Hiugiilnr, considering that ono industry after nnother gives up tlio ghost, killed by cheap foreign imports, that destitution in Sydney has increased alarm- ingly, and tho army of tlio unemployed is attaining colossal proportions. 