A Surrc'r Holiday Ghost. "They sat that each of those bl}ds has been a pretty girl at some time, dcn't li'ey?"' observed Charlie 'Williasson, the mercurial .member of out 'pirty. "By jowe, I believe it," said the stranger in grey, dashing his cigarette at a hand some aeagull which had venotR'ed to within arm's length of him. "That thing's been glttli?g at me for the last hour," he continued, nervously. "If 1 WTad' a gun I'd shootiit." "Glad you haven't?" said Charlie, solemuly "Instead of the erecs the albatross Around my neck 'was hung, you know." "Wel1, dash it, it.s haunting me," said "the stranger, raising himself on the seat and waving his cap towards the bird with an angry "Sh-sh--shoo!" "I hope you don't mean us to infer that ,ou have prematurely dismissed some pretty girl, and that her gentle spirit is calling out fcr vengeance," said Charlie with a roughish twinkle in his eye. "No," said the stranger, "that's not it. But it recalls the rumnmiest holiday exnerl Sence I ever had, a regular smiulghtforward piece of ghost business. I never think of it without a shudder." "Oh-now-come-that's good," sall Charlie. "Tell us all about it-do!" We were lounging at the stern of the Highland Belle, sheltered by a snowy awn ing from the powerful beams of the August sun. For an hour tfhe steamer had been crawling along the east coast of the Hebrides, we enjoying the beauties of bluff and sea. The bubbles rose and burst by myriads 'in our broad and white wake, giving out a gentle, sibilant harmony to which we listened with langourous plea sure. Just above the steamer's stern there hovered a flock of seagulls which had * afforded us ceaseless amusement. Members of the company had drawn them on by throwing them pieces of biscuits until all fear seemed to have departed from the birds. Their wild and weird "shree-week" was incessant, andi though circling around Sand rising and falling in a thousand aerial flights, they never seemed to weary or to increase the distance between themselves and the steamer. Wed had talked about them until the sub ject flagged. "The membelrs of our party were lounging on the seats, keeoping alelrt for fres!l .1 jects of Interest, and enjoying the slight breeze which played under the canvas. There had been. silence for somine minutes When seeing that the grey'-su:ited stranger was inltenLtly eyeing the birds, Charllk Williamson had amuse:l us by his remark. "I'll tell you about it with all my heart if. you care to listen," said the stranger, raising himself upon the seat into a matter of-fact sitting posture. ''We'll listen, you bet. Go ahead," sa!:1 Charlie, his eyes sparklling lin anticipation c" the coming fun. "Well, I never did believe in spooks or any of that ilk, and I don't now," began Sthe stranger, with forced emphasis. "But -lhad one holiday spoiled in this way." "It's nine years this very summer. A r flienol of mine had come in for a lot of money and had talcen a house on the Thames, about half-way between Reading Sand Oxford. "It was a beautiful place. From the :front you could look away over the river and half:over Oxfordshire. The back looked out on to a pretty: meadow, by the far aside of which ran a lovely wood. • "My friend Glazebrook was a really go3d fellow, and made me very comfortable. .The first.al-ght we- sat talking Ito past mid night, whoaen we went .to bed. They put me ina beautiful .room overlooking the meadow. S'As luck would have it the moon was : nearly at the full. It was -so brilliant that after I had put-out my light I could' not resist the: temptation to sit down by the 'window.aud looked out upon the moonlit steadov. :'Everything was. sa still, and: the 'sky so .bluerand transparent that I felt I bewitched. I had no inclination to go to b;od,' but soeemed riveted to the chair by the window, just 'looking out, first at the twinklfig stars, then: at the still; moonlit -expansehbefore me. 'I must-have ;sat for half an hour when, Scastlpg my eyeas.do-wn to the meadow again, rthey fell.upon. a moving object. It was something.white, In shape like.a human :fertn,.but at first it was too far away from :ae to tell whether man or woman. I had ma clear tiow of the meadbw, and had ·aot-iced at first that there was no live stock ,or any living creature in it. So 'this ap igtarition made me feel queer. '!I kept my·eyes- fixed upon it. Slowly it aissumsed more definite shape, and I con -eluded that it .was coming towards me. It '-w?as-a woenan's form, clad ill a long-flvw •i.g-rrobe of white. : Something by hei. side ;flashed in the moonlight as if the light ,were playing upon:a sword or long dagger. 'As ,she caloe nearer a cold sweat broke .,rvear me, and I. sat anxiously watching. '!A??lt Lsixty: yards from the house -.ho stqpped. Raising both arms, from whllich ttho:long white sleeves hung loosely dewe, sho :e?omed to begin appealing to me. ,I -eachedl my field glass and brought it .to bhcr upon ner. I made out a face, whlito as marble -in the moonlight, but beautiful Iemonl .dea-cription. - I could discern its -'w'oll"lnugs ,a - she began to gesticulate and ma..~- latsses with the weapon she held. Her 'ihrus?r'i and - Gtnaces were -di'ected toeeatds me, i'kc blade:-she wieldedOashing brightly in ther. moonlight. "'Her tace -wis unknown :to me, and I could nrid ,imagle why she addressed me in that ?s~lent :bit silent fashion, for not a sound imtached loe. After the show had gone on fetr about a quarter of an hour, I began to ctnsidqr whether it stas not my duty to slip .quletly downstairs tnd make an excursion upon my ghtstly -'isitslant. Whilst thinlking the matter over ,~ cloud passed before the moon, and the figure -'as lost in thedlarknesS. When the.uoon :light shone agano she was gone. Not an -object was visible .u the mneadow from eid ,W end. • T sat until the first bl!ah of daw illuivined the sky, then cold, creepy, andt. tlrqd, I undressed and got into bed. But beyond a few broklcn snatches .there wa.s :no -sle8o for me that morning. The form end far,' of the white maiden were too lyidly ,blioprinted upon my mind lor me lr, ,njoy :;se repose 1 wanted. "Thinking that I mtght have been' the victlim of sonse illoslon, I said niothing .to Glazebrook about my midnight experienc. "We had a gl-nld day together in the woods and by the river, and at night I setired early. I quicdsly fell asleep, and had slept for about an hoetr when I awaklened with a strange sensation, Glancing towards the window, I saw that .the moon was shining brightly, and I felt; .n unconquer able longing to look out of -the window as I had dpnoe the previous night, I got up and ralse4 the blind and Iokid out. To my dismay, there stood the same white l'unn thrusting and parryinog with the glistening sword as I had seen it tdo the night before. "I vinched myself to feel if I were really alive and awake. I concluded I was. The figure cont'nued to gestienlate wildly, so I thought I was warranted in arousirg my friend Glazebrook and tolliHng him of the apparition. I went softly to his room and awakened him. "'Glazebrook,' said I, 'Either I'm haunted or this meadow at. the back of the house is; do come and' tell me which, that's a good fellowv.' "He came back with me immediately, and we went to the window. "'Do you see anything?' I aslked, point ing to the white figure, which now stood motionless about fifty yards from th2 house. " 'What-in-the-namc--of - goodness -is it?' he asked, clutching my arm ner vously. "'That's what I want to know,' 1 said. 'It haunted me last night, and, as you see, it's here again.' "He watched for a while, .and then we agreed to go do\wn and approach the spectre. Hurriedly dressing, we armnned ourselves with a stout 'ick each, anl then stole quietly out of the front door to avoid noise. Creeping round the house. we crossed the garden and' reached the meadow fence. The figure had disappeareo. We crossed the fence and explored the meadow and the field adjoining, but not a trace of it could we find. "Glazebrook was dreadfully upset when I told him of all I had seen the previous night. He scouted the idea of it being anythin.g supernatural, and expressed thc belief tlhat thei apparition had' some bur glarious import. Thie next house to his was two hundred yards away, and was inhabited bIy an old anld highly-respected family. There was no other house witbin a considerable distance, and I could see that the lonesomeness of the position c;f his own house had been unpleasantly forced home to him. "lerom tihat day to this the myster.y of the whllite spectre I saw on those 'two midsummer nights has gone unsolved. Neither Glazebrook ,?nor I loblainiol the slightest clue to its identity. But for an hourI before our young friend here made thlat remarkl about the gulls I had been struck by the queer resemblance in m1inia ture the face of that gull bears te the face I saw through 'Sny fidldl glass 'on the first night I spent in Glazebrook's house on the Thames." "Do you remember the d(late of that vis!t to your fr'iend's?" astked a thLIL, academic looklting passenger, who had listene:l intently to the story. "It was in 1886," replied the stranger bl' grey, after a moment's thouglht. "Ah, then it is not a coincidence," re malrked the enquirer. "I think I can oxplain your midnight phcnomena. Tile family who lived in the house next to your friend Glazebrook's wvere namled Mal lery. In, the sulnmmer of 1886 they had staying with them a beautiful girl of 1I,a cousin. She had acute monomania. It toobk the form of dramatic hallucination, She had a weakness for tragedy,and fanciel herself a great tragedienne, and was con tinually reciting tragic parts. On moon Hlght nights she sometimes .slipped away into a field by the end of the house, and there declaimed before imaginary audi ences. You happened to be there at the time and saw her. I knew the case well, as my friend Dr. Lingenhurst had it in hband. I believe that she died about three years ago." "Then assuming the old legend to, be "true, it is quite possible that she is in that gull which has been hypnotising our friend here," ventured Charlie Wlliamson facetiously, pointing to the persistent bh:rd a yard beyond the stern rail of the steamer. "Dash it-I believe it is! but why should it haunt me in that way?" asked the stranger with a convulsive grasp at the rail. At four o'clock in the afternoon of the day but one after the Highland Belle touched at Aberdeen. Hovering abo?n.t her stern was a flock of seagulls, and boldest amongst them was the bird whicidh had disconcerted our feilow-voysager. "Good-by," said a hollow voice behbnd me, as the steamer ran alonmslide ~the tier. I turned. It was our frienmd In grey. I knew he had a ticket for London, :as we had. "What are you going to do.' I asked. "Go home by ral," he repliled, exoitedly. "Nonsense," I said. "'WhyT" "Look! It's there yet," he replied, ipoint ing to the gull. "I wouldn't go a mile further with that for a thousand pomnds." He jumped ashore. A moment later we saw him running from the stoeaner as if for dear life. A piering "shree-week!" drew our attention to the birds hovering over the stern. Our friend's bird had broken away from the others, a.nd was heading a course due south. An hour later we left for London, but that birl wraith of the stage-struck maiden appeared to us no more. 