MINING MEETINGS. Anaconda, Mount soil!. Gippsland -The first half yearly general meeting t shareholders v JJ held at the OUNCE of the company, U Queensland on I Friday after an A large number of bran was represented person ally met by prow and Mr F M Grimes, chairman of directors presided Jim cha i runs In moving the adoption of the report and I'm Uncle sheets said he had even confident.- in the nature, of the mine His reports and bonuses sheets having been adopted and the, directors to proceed to deal with the reserved and., as they deemed best the meeting terminal d Colonel North Zeehan -The half-yearly general meeting of shareholders was held at Broken Hill Chambers, It Queen street, on 10th October 29 t, C Robinson in the chair the reports n 1 dance sheets were unanimously adopted chairman remarked that it must be very grateful to the shareholders to hear that the cases machinery h ill In on erected during the hill and that a contract for making the required depth would be. let in the course of a six days, he hoped that before the next six months hit as pired they would 11 working on the tan,-, 'oh of ore below the tunnel V shareholder I at mr who had visited the property express d great satisfaction at the put it. in and ex. nominal way Hit works had been car ned on and full, concerned with the chairman s remarks as to the future success of the mine A vote of thanks to the chair terminated the business Golden King Gippsland trchminar meet Jug or -hiiLi ladies was- held at the offices of Messrs Meudell and Cameron, 31 Queen street, on Thursday Mr A V M area was voted to the chair, and it was decided to register is a no lia bility company 1 The rules and regulations were adopted and Messrs. VAM Crea W Boothby, C T King W Bruce and Dr W Mason were elected directors Mr J E Cameron was up pointed legal manager, and Mr E) O Moule auditor to the compa- in The con i r nun stated that the prospects of the company were very satisfactory Ghost Gully, biarra Glen The first general meeting of shareholders was held at the offices of Messrs Fosbery and Bloomfield 418 Collins street on I miss The chairman explained that the cross cut was now in over Yass and that a dyke 5ft wide had been met with samples from which on, assay, yielded as high as Jo. 12gr gold and 6dwt silver per ton borne frch stone had just been sent down that morning and was studded with coarse gold It was proposed to drive a few feet further, and then sink t winze in order to cut the reef at a lower depth Pile meeting then closed Great South Long Tunnel general meeting of shareholders of the Great South Long behind Gold mining Company was held at the offices of Messrs Meudell and Cameron, Broken Hill Chambers, 21 Queen street, Melbourne, on Friday afternoon Mr John Neill chairman of director, presided and there was a large attendance of shareholders HIL balance sheet directors and mine manager's reports were adopted, and the retiring directors Messrs T Neill W Walstab, 1) H M Gregor Sidney Smith A C All iii and ate, were unanimously re-elected for the ensuing 12 months, as also the retiring auditors Messrs Urn Ilott mut 1 is Wilson The chairman stated that consolidation of the whole of the company a. lease. has been obtained, and that it was the intention of the board to drive a crosscut to prospect the eastern leases at a depth Ivanhoe-The second halfyearly meeting of shareholders was held on idly at 10 Queen street, Melbourne Mr. Neale Wigg presided, and in factory prospects of the mine and their strong financial position HIL battery would soon be at work and a four weeks cleaning up was just about to take place in the course of a lengthy trade is the chairman said that the mine had proved itself to be one of the best in Western AustralIn The Com man) And ample funds for providing stronger winding machines, and for extending the butter. Mr T Johnson seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously A vote of thanks to the chairman term in it ed the meeting lune Hand Extended Wandiligong-The ordinary half-yearly general meeting of blue holders was held at Broken Hill Chambers on 6th October Mr G C Robinson occupied the chair There vine n shareholders j use at the balance sheets and re (torts were received and adopted Mr G H 1 Inchuni pal of on matters connected with the future operations of the mine and Mr T V W11 you stated that, from an interview he had with the mining manager, he felt quite satisfied that by sinking a further depth of 100ft at a cost of about ratio it would be found that the two lodes hail junctioned thus giving a huge amount of luck After the junction of these lodes unable stone would in all probability be met with The directors were authorised to dispose of all for feited -hairs In the hands of the company to the best advantage the present shareholders to have the option of taking them up the mining mona ger was present at the meeting and was strongly in favour of sinking deeper Long Gully Ballast the half yearly meeting of shareholders was held on Friday, at the coin may s once, During chambers M market street, Melbourne Mr R B Lew presiding. The retiring director- Messrs Jas Richardson and John Moore were re elected and Mr J Bennett was elected to fill a vacancy caused by the retirement of Mr Jas White Messrs M .» Kenneth and C Williamson wire also re elected auditors Mount Lyell intended 1 isman! i -the fifth half-yearly general meeting of .Inuhrhlem was held on Friday There was a large attendance port and balance sheet were unanimously adopted. The chairman, in moving the adoption, stated that timing the past half-year ty tunnel which was being driven had been exten Uti a *" tance of 1 "fire and that the n suits « tallied. very fwitisftctorj., the indications showing that the tunnel was now in the immediate yet out of tin ore body, which it was hoped, would be met with " within a very short time, the prospects being L . cellent the company was in a good monetary state \s MOU lies the lode was struck it was the intention to reconstruct the company, and put it in a strong financial position He apprehended that there would not be the least difficult In so doing He explained that the chairman of the company (Mr Croft) was at present in Tasmania and intended to visit the mine, and when there would move matters ahead, as it was the intention of the dirt soon to push work on vigorously Their firing director. Messrs Hector M Dnmh* and 0 T Packer, and the retiring auditors, Messrs 1 hollins Windward and Churns C. Mead, were unanimously re-elected Mr Whelan stated that he noticed that no provision was made for the payment of the directors for their past but legs He saw no mention of it in the balance sheet Ht conside cd that they had rendered the company Hnkndid sen let and he had pleasure In moving that they he paid at the ni te of 100 per annum for the service-. The resolution was FOCO aided by Dr Moore who endorsed Mr Whelan's remarks The motion was strongly supported by Mr. Wales and carried iiuuiimoii-lv lim mer Ung terminated with a vote of thanks to this elmina tri North Private bill The half-yearly meeting of shareholders was held at the company's OJIICL, til) Collins street on I rides Mr Hal Sheppard, chairman of directors, presiding Hu chairman In moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet stated that the work done during the past half-year was mainly of a prospecting character Ilowtur, go>J p. often had him struck in the No 4 trench from which an assay has yielded 18 per cent copper and a trace of gold It was then decided to put in a tunnel and this had been extended to a distance of 6ft Some nice veins of copper had been passed through and the last 20ft had been in a large both of low grade iron pyrites the formation was very hard which made the progress somewhat slow It was proposed to of test this tunnel a further 400ft in contact He motion of the chairman was seconded by Mr. Hume, and carried unanimously the retiring directors Messrs H Sheppard A M'Crie T Harvey, V G Hamilton and T Bell, were re-elected as also were the retiring auditors, Messrs Hastings and Wilkinson Pride and! Stringer, Yackandandah A meeting of the freeholds rs was held on Friday at Phair's Hotel, Melbourne. Mr. K Blythe, the chairman of directors-, presided, and there was a good attend- once 'The report and balance of sheet were submitted In the meeting, and, after a short discussion, in which Hu- management was complimented upon the economy displayed, they were made finish adopted The mine manager, Mr, P A Sutherland, stated, In answer in our actions, that the limits are being thoroughly opened up, and expressed himself as being will salNtlul with the prospects of the camp at A ballot was taken for the children of dim tors for the ensuing twelve months and resulted in Messrs Hill tin, I' D, Miss, I M'Phee, 1! IN Martin, and II Dlnislan being returned Mr 1 Linton was elected auditor and the ruling titled hill ii vote of thanks to the chairman Prime 1, 11, Tasmanian l - The second halfcaste inserting i, he intends p. m hell in Friday Mr Ni, In his life- In He thin 1 lion in it I fine attendance of shareholders The chairman, in mining in an option on the- trial and families shut share in the negotiation, with the rom ] mi finish in pianists, the papers were at an end and the (Km deposit and Lui forfeit!, may be sent to the fight of the snipping, in sd forth in Hit I turn but limbri offer which had him in side his I rim h and (remain omnium nis dist us.-, d Seven sham holds as winds In quires as in the making of His mile and the missing be He chairman alm silted Hut He mining business Expected In strike are rich in "Inn L'II wind was impressed with it Mr Nhh alson s. under Umm mill- rep,,, and balance shire were unaminously adopted the n I i ' did, Fry VII, s worth h min I Monks lure re-elected Mr I'lnhltng was elected i I . till n V In li l i 11 till' Inn I VI, rs I) , him up and still win i lulu! auditors and tin must be terminated Pi hue lull I'nnhic and Miner I resent . but- I shall Mars v J li, M > as I am Club Hotel, on Drill iv, Mt 11 II I milling M I ( pick Pug the truth I put in I little slut nue identified ml Hi cutting of seed milk in any- of Dunks i i Hi mill Iii hume s, rinuMilti Bill Russell -the Ils , "r, a," t i ,,|"|,| is , is 1,1,1 it to office s of Mr V 1'iriiharh, I desire, on 28th till He r me in an live, nil and not in it . uni sinus in nil' half-arm! Mr V I'rlir Allen Innisfail supplies,, "ml llol.ilhiri.il Mr H H- mu valid In He li li r. mill inuernluliilcil Hu ship builder in his valuable property mining Unit and rigiiltillniis tun adopted, land Ila i .Isiiiitliui of the ((Lilliput resulted in Messrs H Parker Um Howitt I (' II, nihill I s 11 rails, and Um well, in hand intend still I in, May I li Harris and I) fail Um, million., men Mr (' carnival, lend murmured I dealings' meeting of the In 1.1 liiiiitislluli li offer to grant rate meeting, and a tin lulu accepted for sinking a main shaft on Hu- when the e out victors to start the milk on Hit No entry 