THE BOOZER'S BOOM 0F| BENT; I | OR, | At the South Melbourne 1 Election. Official Return. Tixker ? Maugeu ... ... 3'Jl Owen ? ... 30.'- H. H. Champion ... 14ti T. Best ... ... 4!) Daghsu ? o4 AbvebtkCt to tJie above, the prose poet of tbe Melbourne ' Argus ' I observes - — ?' Although a large num- 1 ber of erica constables . had beeu de tailed for dinty at the. polling-booth in anticipation) of the enormous crowds i who were expected to rush the desks in order to record their votes for Mr. Beut and Mr. Daglisb, the eventful day passed off with absolute decorum, barring a slight skirmish between tbe Mayor and Returning Officer, assisted by an Inspector of Police. Without some little incident of tbat kind, how ever, no election. returns could properly be considered valid. The polling booth was fontunately open for 1 1 hours, so that Mr Bent's supporters ?were not linduJy crowded. They rushed the place* at the rale of four and a half per hour all through the day, while the friioads of Mr. Daglish hurried in at the rate of three and two-elevenths per fiour. Under these exciting circumstances the South Melbourne police behaved admirably, and the skill with which they con trolled the crowd was remarkable. The principle upon whtfch many of the South Melbourne electors cast their yotcs may not be geneosaJly known, and a hilt on the ' subject may be j^Keptablo. Verb. sap. Hpre it is : — A%OICE FROM SOUTH MELBOURNE 'Be just and fear not. Vote for Thomas Bent.' So ran the simple legend on tbe wall; And, as I read, methought I hoard a voice That whispered in rnino ear these beery words Tfiey talked about brains, an' wisdom, mate, an' honor, an' noble aims. An' a 'undred other unnatural fads as is bo many hempty names. But I knew it was merely gyver, so my answer was straight an' blunt, ' What a membqr wants ain't honor an' brains — but its plenty of blooinin' FRONT.' There was forty-nine of us thought the same, go we met in a quiet pub. To choose the man who should poll our votes, but there was the blessed rub. Wo were conscientious voters, and we weren't agoin' to guess, But hevery one of the jolly six was qualified more or less. Wy Tucker is none too modest, but 'e couldn't compare, we knew, With a few of the others. W-e scratched 'im hout, an, we scratched 'AJ1 Owen too. Some wanted to make it Daglish, but we were not long detained, For 'e 'adn't a bloomin' ghost of a show with the three that still remained. 'Arf of the list was done, 'tis true, but now we'd a long delay, We'd Bent, and Mauger an' Champion left, an' which was the two to stay ? 'Twas a 'ard, 'ard task, but we took them three an' we turned 'em round about, Ah* we . bordered forty-nine more beers — an' then we put Mauger bout. !St last we'd come to the parting ways, an' a ?' ' cove roise up to speak. '-We've got to vote for the main,' says he, ' as .. ' shows the most cast-iron cheek. Which shall we. choBe to claim our votes ?' . We pondered the subject well, But which of the two was the real top dog at first it was 'ard to tell. Then somewhere a whisper rose at last, and somewhere a murmur grew, While each man glanced at 'is neighbor's face, and his own 'orf gave the clue, As the whisper grew to a mighty roar, an' the air of that puh. was rent, When the 'ole of fcbe bloomin' forty-nine with | one accord yelled — ' BENT.' ' That's wy the people voted for Bent, an' though Je 'as lost 'is stuff, ? I reokon'tbe'reas'oii'ff plain to see— I knows it easy enough. 'Vox populi vox Dei,' they say. Ain't them your views an' mine f But sometimes out of 'it's wisdom, mate — well., Providence draws the line. ? A wag Kmarked about a young Australian who .flayed for. the . Oxonians against the Klnth, that ' there is jib'?iaUlng waddy will do in cricket lf hc only .VpSrse veres.' The Wag is dead: 1 ; jV.;;V ¥hislihow:tite monthly- Jlterary nurse of the National As*, advises Tory freetraders to .'turn, dog4 on -their -radical -chief, Beid:. -' Tli* whole, of ^ the .freetraders --rintl . the tiocialiits pombi^ed, comprise about 80 ntem 'bers, which ^Ives a p^eiient majority of f lwpt .86 or.'37.: Butif a ppr^onof. that maioi^, decides to secedefrom the Government #x*; iiCapt npon its main polioyf of -free trade, and flg^t lt npon other ^points; in which the (raiwinment oppoees. the geaeral interests,! inch* inajonQr t would -at once disappear^ A party of 20 freetraders . crossing 'over in such a jnanner would at once , convert the Qovernmeht majority .- into, -a . miaority. Barely there are, amongst the freetraders proper, 20 men who have' tbe backbone to m&ke; a it&nd; ajaintt , the dictation of the Boaialietio section which has captnred their chief, and to asy to the Ifinistiy : ' We will support your freetrade. but oppose yonr Socialism *— in other words, keep the lliais trj in and their measures out*. Bat Reld's ?Tory tail have not plrak^nouih to play the ti^t«roi(»4oclgeof tliejwJni«eN»aoiial Ass, 