Queensland Letter. Brisbane, June 19. The opening of Parliament, with its pageantry has overshadowed all other events of the week, but now is a memory of the past, and the Legislature has plunged head foremost into work. The function wa« i "of more than usual Interest, inasmuch as that lt woe the first «in whidh the Governor .had played a prin cipal part. It was his debut, in the part, and there were very many who went with a curious eye to see how he would ' demean- himself- in it. Thia being a new Parliament,, the ceremonial part of the proceed ings was prefaced by an Informal opening by comm/s elon on Tuesday. Hon. members, new and old, were ; then permitted to subscribe to the usual oath of alle glance-and to take their seats. They also proceeded to choose their Speaker,, and after some little debate, in which members of the Labor party gave expression to their discllnatkm to have the Hon. A. S. Cowley re-Installed, that gentleman - was re-elected to the office by an overwhelming majority. The Govern ment SOlDDOrted Mr. 'flnvu'ipnr'a t>ar\ñiña,U\ya artft' ha. was carried through very strongly, NO attempt waa made to set up anyone against him, and the solid array of Government supporters showed in no unmis takable, manner how futile would have been the at tempt. The discontented element saw this, and conf ient ed themselves with a protest. The public did not pay much attention to this portion of the "show,',' but they betrayed a lively interest in the ceremonial opening. The absolute want of novelty in it made ho difference. . Parliament was to be opened by the Governor, ¿nd the people wanted to see.it done. The ladies fairly stormed the Legislative Council Cham ber, filled up all the spacè they could find on the floor, crowded the ladies' gallery, and took solid pos session of the reporters' gallery. It was with great difficulty that the unfortunate scribes could force ? their way to their seats, and then they were hem med in on either side by ladies of all ages and sizes. I dóh't think I ever saw the Chamber so densely pack ed as it was on this occasion. All the fashion and oiflcfal dignity of Brisbane were there. Noticeable oraovij; those who occupied the seats of honor were the juristes of the SuDreme Court, the Chief .Tu«fJr»f> , Mr. Justice'Cooper, and Mr. Justice Real,, who wore their Sîate robes and wigs. The Chief Justice in .addition, displayed his decoratons a G.C.M.G. and K'.O.M.G. His Excellency wore his Governor's uni form and the decoration of K.C.M.G. He was ai hended by military officers, his private secretary, and his A.D. C., all attired in the purple and fine linen of their respective offices. Altogether, the display was a very effective one. Lord Lamington .has a good-speaking voiceb and a self-collected man ner, not always associated together in the person of her Majesty's representatives. The speech was a very moderate one, but it promises some useful legis . lation. If, as the Premier stated last session, the Governor's ' speech is a mere form, and neither In dicates the scope of the Government policy nor re stricts its extent,, there may be plenty of surprises yet. ' : The new Legislative Assembly contains many fresh ? faces. Some familiar figurés are absent. Others have re-appeared after, a ? period of rest, and others, again, are quite new. The. Government benches pre sent a very solid appearance, and, granted that there is perfect harmony on this side of the House, thore ought to be no difficulty In carrying anything put forward by the Ministry. The Opposition benches are a dreary waste. The few bona-fide Oppositionists .who have been returned have taken refuge in the most remote recesses of the back cross- benches. The Labor party has showed no disposition to seize the Vacated seats. Mr. Glaesey, the elected leader of the party, and two br three of his followers have effected a lodgment on one of the cornera of the Opposition ?benches, but, the party as a whole, clusters together on : the cross-benches. It thus happens that when Ministers get up to speak they address two long vacant benches, over, which, had they a clairvoyant eye, they might see the shivering ghosts of de parted Oppositionists beckoning with weird fingers to the discontented to come over and taite posses sion. The Premier does not 'take- kindly to these cold-looking benches, and he has no love for the I Labor members who have taken in a half-hearted way a small section of the Opposition territory. This feeling of irritation was voiced when Mr. Glas sey on Wednesday informed the House that hie had been elected leader of the Labor party. The announcement was worded in conciliatory tones, and concluded with the statement that the Labor party would do"all it could to assist the Govern ment to pass beneficial legislation. No sound of applause disturbed the silence which reigned, i Sir Hugh Nelson rose, and without any color of courtesy informed the hon. member who had just 3)oken that it was à leader of the Opposition the overnment wanted, and they would recognise no . other leader on that side of the House. The 20 odd Labor members gave an angry murmur, and the sitting did not proceed far before it became evident that the Labor party did not relish this Podsnapian method of treatment. In a word, they decline to be waived out of existence, and there can be little doubt that they will have to . be reckoned with, whether they are recognised or not. ; The genial ex-Commissioner for Railways, Mr. John Mathieson; and his family left Brisbane by Monday night's mail train en route for Mel bourne. The influential and numerous assem blage which gathered on the station platform to Bay farewell to him testified to the many friends Mr. Mathieson leaves behind. If he makes him self equally popular in Melbourne he will not nave much reason to regret his translation. The Government, both collectively and individually, have placed on record their appreciation of his services and their regret at his departure. His .chair has now been taken by Mr.-.R. J. Gray,-the "new commissioner., As the train moved out ,of the station three ringing cheers were given for Mr. Mathieson and his family to the loud accom Saniment of a perfect fusilade of fog signals which ad been placed on the lines. ' A new mail contract between the Government and the British-India Associated Steamers, Limi ted, bas been signed, and. the conditions haye been . made public. Negotiations have been going on for a considerable, time, and there has been a good deal of speculation as to what the outcome \- "would be. A perusal of the conditions of the contract shows that a service has been secured .which is likely tb be of great benefit to the co lony in the expansion of its export trade. The company undertakes to maintain a four-weekly service by British ships manned by white crews, and fitted with not less than 100,000ft of refrige rating space. The Treasurer, with a keen eye to business, has reserved to himself the right of requiring the company to increase that space to 160,000 cubic feet, equal to about 1600 tons, if the expansion of the trade shall demand it. The vessels are to be -fitted with first-class refrigerat ing machinery properly duplicated. Provision is also made to ensure the available space being ( fairly distributed among shippers; but the con tractors are not compelled to call at any portv where there ls less than 200 tons of produce for shipment. The maximum rates of freight are »et forth as follow:-Frozen beef, %d per. lb; frozen mutton, 13-16d per lb; butter, in cases, %d' per lb' net weight; butter, in casks, ld per ll gross weight; cheese, same rate as butter U cases; poultry, eggs, and bacon, 90s per ton of 4( cubic feet. These rates are reducéable to' th« current rates charged for the carriage, of similai classes of cargo from Sydney, Melbourne, and Queensland ports, via the Suez Canal, by any ol the regular steamer lines. The contractors fur j ther undertake, if required, to carry steerage I passengers at £12 per head; so that if immigration i is resumed on-any large scale, as it may be, the j. ships will be available to bring additional popu 1 lation to the colony very speedily. The amount of the subsidy to be paid is f19,800 per annum. As a Minister put it when speaking at Ipswich the other day, the Government have now provided the ships for the export of produce. All that the producers have to do is to send it along, and it will be placed on the London market in as salable condition as possible. The annual report of Pacific Island Immigration Department lately published contains some in teresting information; but it scarcely bears out the semi- official statement made some time ago that the kanaka population is on the wane. There appears, on the contrary, to have been a noticeable increase. On January 1, 1895, it is estimated the whole of the kanakas employed in the colony numbered 7853, whereas on January 1 last it is stated they aggregated 8163, or an increase of 310. This army of colored labor is distributed as fol lows:-Brisbane (say), 168; Beenleigh, 77; Mary borough, 796; Bundaberg, 2713; Rockhampton, 207; Mackay, 2167; Bowen, 33; Townsville, 520; Ingham, 658; Geraldton, 425; Cairns, 230; Port Douglas, 69; Thursday Island (engaged in beche- de-mer and pearlshell fisheries), 100. The virtue of thrift so much exalted when an extension of the franchise is talked about seems to be held in commendable respect by a good proportion of these islanders. They evidently work hard and save well, though what ultimate benefit they get out of their accumulated money is not always percepti ble, it is much to be feared that the wily trader gets a large share of the islander's savings when he returns home, and gives him in return a variety of goods more likely to cause trouble than promote peace and goodwill among his dusky comrades. Of course, if the trader did not get the money the sly grog-seller would; and the kanaka, on the whole, comes out less injured than he otherwise would. According to the figures in the report under reference, on December 31 2840 islanders had £19,245 15s 1d to their credit in the Government Savings Bank. The natives of Badu, Torres Straits appear to have a very summary method of asserting their pro prietorial rights in wives. At the Thursday Island Police Court lately an aged Moa native, who was certainly old enough to have known better, was charged with murdering one of his wives. The story disclosed by the evidence was a grim one, but it served to show that injured Moa husbands do not sleep very long upon their wrongs. The murderer, who answered to the name of. Scullmate. recently took to wife a young gin named Peeeon. Her airec tlons, however, were set upon a younger native named Mango, and after a brief experience of her elderly husband, she and Mango arranged a little Arcadian expedition in search of yams. Scullmate got wind of the adventure, and he, armed with a sharp tomahawk, followed quickly upon the couple. Mango waa evidently only a fair- weather lover, for when trouble appeared imminent, he fled to a safe instance. Peeson, being of a bolder composition, stood and faced her irate husband, and when com manded to return to him she not only refused, but declared that she would go to Mango. Mango, mean while, stood at a safe distance from the tomahawk. Scullmate did not stop to argue the point. He simply lifted the tomahawk, and buried the blade in Peeson's head. She fell dead at his feet. Then, when lt was too late, Mango and another .native came along and seized and bound the murderer, and handed him over to the Badu native police. The old native apparently made no resistance, and seemed to regret his deed as soon as it was done. He was, of course, committed for trial. The Brisbane River-has been spanned by the first or down-stream haif of the new Victoria Bridge, which for so many months has been rearing its head alongside the old structure. The work of riveting all the ironwork together has not been finished, nor have the last spans been lowered into position upon the piers, but the connection between the two sides of the river has been completed. Enough has been done to show that the new bridge will be a piece of engineering which it will be poesible to point, with some show of satisfaction, out to visitors. It would be a matter of some satisfaction if t.hâ Free Publlo Library were as near realisation. People have ceased to talk of it this long while, and I be lieve many have forgotten that such a thing waa ever proposed. The position seems to be something like this: The Government have acquired the library of the late Mr. Justice Harding, and they have ap pointed trustees, but there the matter seems to have stopped. Most people would be better pleased with a good library than the most gorgeous army of trus tees that could be created. Those who have daily access to the splendid reference libraries in Melbourne and Sydney probably do not sufficiently realise their privileges. A brief sojourn in Brisbane would make them appreciate thoroughly the literary advantages. Search for artesian water is being prosecuted with some vigor in Western Queensland, and the number of pastoral properties in possession of this invalu able asset is being steadily increased. Two plante are at work on Authoringa and Arabella Stations, and in both instances satifactory progress has been made: At Authoringa a bore has been taken,down to a depth of 1800ft, and most encouraging indications of artesian water have been met with, the hole being full of soakage to within 100ft of the top. At Ara bella the drill has pierced to a depth of 1200ft, and good results are confidently expected. The work of extending the Racecourse railway to deep water at Pinkenba will be shortly undertaken. The tender of Messrs. Bond and Holloway has re cently been accepted, the amount being £10,699. The marriage of Mr. C. A. Ogg, eldest son of the late Rev.-O. Ogg, and Miss Amelia Holland, daughter pf ithe late Mr. Alfred Holland, was celebrated et the bride's mother's residence, Mountpellief, Kangaroo Point, on Wednesday afternoon. The ceremonv was conducted by the Very Rev. J. S. Pollock, Moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly. On Uth instant, at St. James's Church, Mackay, the nuptials of Mr. G. J. Mackay and Miss Nellie Harris, youngest daughter of the late Mr. Wm. Harris, of Newtown Estate, were celebrated by the Rev. Conon Warner. The wedding of Mr. Joseph Delaney, of Childers, eldest son of Mr. R. Delaney, of Maryborough, and Miss Mary A. Macnamara, eldest daughter of Mr. Patrick Macnamara, formerly of Emmaville, N.S.W., took place at St.JMary's Chapel on the 18th instant. The Rev. Father Mimnagh officiated. The marriage of Mr. W. J. Hetherington, eldest son of Mr. J. Hetherington, of Adelaide-street, Mary borough, with Miss Jane Petersen, second daughter of Mr. Petersen, an old resident of the town was celebrated on 17th instant at the latter's residence. The Rev, J. C. Harris, Congregational minister, officiated. Suo Marte, j 