WIT AND HUMOR. Not Exactly.—Did Jack propose to you this evening? Well, not exactly; he asked if I could afford a husband. Nerve.—Norver? said the man from Newport. Nerve? Why that fellow would go iulo a livery stable uud ask them to let him leave his bicycle with them. The rale for Ghosts. —Hotel Clerk : Sir, the visitor ia No 35 complains that the room is haunted. Landlord: Indeed ? Then put down in his bill, One ghost, ton marks. HoM Never Got the Gout.—Old Plump: Do you cut between meals ? Young Slim: Not at present. Old Plump : What’s the reason ? Young Slim : Because I’m boarding. Spoken by Iho Card.—Harold dear; do you think that a small hand indicates refinement ? Well/in the game of poker it indicates the refinement of cruelty, if your antagonist has a bigger one. Something to Look Forward To.— Fond mamma (correcting her baby at table): Baby, I must really break you off that. Little Five-year-old: Mamma, when baby ia broke may I have his ■ eyes? An Accommodating Boarder.—Land lady (to new boarder): Will you kindly carve the chicken, Mr. Samson? Mr. Samson (rising) : Certainly. Have you got a sharp axe, or a dynamite cart" ridge ? An Evasive Answer.—Papa, what is the playground of the soul ? asked a small boy, looking up from the book ho I was reading. Oh, I don’t know. You'd ] better inquire of soma wholesale shoe A Bright Little Child.—Elate, your aistor (ells mo you took a second helping of pudding at Mrs. Brown’s to-day. Little Elsie ;So I did, mamma. Do you think that was right, Elsie ? Yes You know you have often told mo not to contradict any one, and Mrs, Brown said : 1 know Elsie will have a second helping of pudding, and I couldn’t con tradict her, could 1 ? Mamma smiled and said nothing. QTiok Work.—A Oinoinnatti man describes a novel sight ho recently saw at a mill devoted to making paper of pine tree pulp. 1 was invited to select a tree, which I did, and it was cut down for mo in the morning, I watched it dur ing the day undergoing' the various pro> oessos of paper making,, and at 6 o’clock that evening the tree was paper. At midnight a portion of it was 'sufficiently dry to bo taken to a printing office, and a fow dt the obpies of the next morning’s paper wore printed on this product. From a tree lo a printed ; newspaper in hours is probably the best time on record, . . f 