AT THE SHOW. Things ffot Catalogued. VERYONE says, 'Are yam going to tbe Show?' Most people who have beeD, say, 'I would not go again.' Naturally— who wants to see anything twice. Early in the .morning trams began to dis gorge their freight of happy, jolly, tidy, nottobedisap pointed holidav-makers, who looked as though the word 'depression' had no meaning to them. One requires tie temper of a saint to out up amiably with all the 'crush- ing, and pushing, and squeezing, and pinching, wtoica a vreJl-paeked tram means, but — well, it is a «raod thing sometimes to get a free massage like this, it rtakee you feel alive, very much so. Inside the grounds is a bewildering array of flying flags, whirl ing wheels, flashing steel, napping flails, scarlet ant biue angular limbs, and noises eueh as one hoper never to hear again. Above the roar of steam, you bear a 'swssh, swssh' soft and soothing, an'l before you can turn, there is a sudden 'cling— datg — bang' that makes you feel for the top of your head, Aftei all, it is nothing but tie cutting of a little cbaif, and all over the ground the most noisy and intricate machines are doing the simplest - work. I heard a. brawny man remark 'Ail them wheels, and chains, and tiddlewinks ain't up to my bands at fie work, we ain't got none o' them flnniky things up our way, thank goodness.' That man's sublime self confidence was enviable, be went on tbe same over many things, and — well, when I last saw him he was telling his* grandmother how able and altogether perfeci the cock in the pavilion was in his new capa city oi mothering chicks. He said 'I could do that easy, if I had ter; wimmin makes such an fuas over bringin' up childer but. mark me, grannie, I'd make a succes- of it for — I'm a self-made man. The mul titude of little side-shows was the source of much, fun, and the proprietore all tell you, witb sad eyes, and dropping lips, that 'times are eo bad, that it ie hardly worth while to come to the show, and that the;re is a losing game — the public get the best of them — always,' while they rake in the money which the guileless public throw away on any game ol chance. Ringolet! ringolet! Come -and see what you can get cries a hoarse voice, whence all the harmony ^«. leng since departed, drawing attention to a table wita walking sticks, knives, trinkets, galore, any of which *may be 'ringed' for a trifling sum. It is aeionishing how comparatively few people can throw a nng straight, except by the merest luck. Thjs sort of thing takes the conceit out of anyone. When will there be a show without men smoking and spitting! There ought tc be special fashion articles on 'How- to dress at an out-door show.' Then veils of lace, chiffon, frills, silk, feathers, net, tulle, ribbonA&e.;, would not bedeck the place as though a variegated snowstorm had fallen. 'Whisper and I Shall Hear,' murmured the T»na, rather incongruously, as the crowd surged and roared at the 'water jump,' and shrieked with delight when, the horse fell over. Catastrophes are always so funny — to those who look on. Perhaps some of the most . interesting exbibite are the 'Kinetoscope and Kinetophone,' where for a few moments men revel in the delight of watching a boxuu. ' match, and tbe joy of seeing a danseuse turn herself into a veritable angel of grace. If these are toye, let us be children still a little longer. At one tent, dingy and old, a really funny down made us all laugh with his tongue and antics, and many were enticed into the wonderful interior, where birds learn human ways, totmuee beings with souls. Here also men tumble about in curious ways to amuse the aforesaid beings, while the showman, in spangles and tights, shouts in ringing accents^ — l'aiay say, clarion-]ike, 'The most marvellous show on the ground; the only (yes, this way, sir, thanks) novelty in Australia. All tbe wonders in this show are ten uine (yes, just begun, sir, 6d change, thanks) marvel lo'is show can be seen now — at once. You must (let that monkey alone, he's hurtin' nobody, let him alone) amuse your children, and this will teach them (no eneakin' in there under the edge, come out ol that, you little deceiven wretch) there is simply notbin' like it in Australia.' So I thought. as I looked at the ghost rising out of a cask, the dogs playing see-saw, and the parrots dancing jigs. 'He-ah, a she-eer-e-e-e hulk li-ee-s pa-o-oo-re To-om Bo-o, ow-ling, hee-s eo-oo-ul,' &c;, rings out a fine mellow voice, with a trifle too mucb mock theatrical effect but the voice is good enough to pass over this defect and itstire people, so that they find a penny, and bestow it, without thought of what they can get in return. - The best draws of all are various shows where dolls ere perched on raila, and a penny pur chases the privilege of knocking them over with a ban. 'A box of halls, a strip of ground, and ten carven wooaen, gaily dressed dolls, one above another, form an apparently fascinating amusement, for men and boys. 'Come here, one and all, and have a shy at my own favoret Haunt Marier Anne; knock 'er over, flat aback, ana yer get tbreepence^-poor old Aunt Jemima; hit 'er over, too. Come one and alL &nS; see bow easy 'tis to put our babies to sleep— *est one touch, and they He still — one shy for one peimy, two for tuppence, three for threepence, and — here's a boy, a little 'un, ' an* he hits two each time ; come and make your fortune.' calls the tired-faced man. Here and there triskete and cigars are given when a shot oversets the doll's gravity, and— well, the small boys always cacose -big cigars, disappear jubilant, and re-appear hours after, a little white and unsteady, choosing a gilt pencil case their next -lucky hit The 'Kicking Donkey is the only original sbor here,, a marvellous mechanical combination; nothing ? like 'it in Australia,' cried a man with lusty lungs. ; I certainly never saw anything like it — never. It was a -nieer wooden donkey, with a hair. tail, and a rider, 'and a ball in its side. Anyone hitting the ball made tire donkey buck in a Iaughter-compelifcig way. A crowd spent pounds here, ana tbe laughter wbp deafening. At one table a monkey was dipping bis paw into the ticket barrel, and no one objected to ft, 'as be showed absolute impartiality. This 'animal : looked calmly superior to the excited, pushing mem dustered rouncL^v^^ ^ ^^ _ii— An 'Argonaut' contributor Writes' us front' Lower California that. he has just been down ott the Gulf Coast, where he went in a.Cbinese junk : commanded by a Butch captain to examine a Mexican mine for an English company, and that ' on tbe trip his Irish cook drank up ail tbe Scotch whisky.— 'S.F, Argonaut.' , . Princess Helena, daughter of Queen Victoria and; wife-pf; Prince Christian of SchleswigHol stein, has been. so- Bhocked at the bad manners displayed, by tbe wives of foreign ministers, of rne-5fly created peers ana baronets, and of pelvic ? dignitaries ^^ attending sa .-, -&awingrrooni; qr^.^cMn-N manded' ito -Windsor :im, the first -time^i^SiiiatBhe i haB Undertaken .to -w^Ue a book on.etiqtiette 'for ' ' ladies who attend royal and iiriperial eourts.'-- Amieiican paper. ?;.:,'-? ?:?..?.. - - ??.'-: . ? ? 