The Storyteller. "PAINT HEAET.'1 " A hat of last year's fashion ! " " But her eyes were like gray stars." " And her manner dreadfully quick and decided." "My dear Richard, you are really absurd; The girl is a hospital nurse, and what woman with any refinement or delicacy would take up any such profession as that? It shows she can't be nice." " Ladies do such things nowadays "—less defiantly. " Now you know you are only saying so because she is pretty. Of course ladies do queer things nowadays, but that doesn't excuse an unwomanly feeling. Besides she is only a solicitor's daughter. I shan't ask mamma to call." "But don't you think common civility "No, I don't. She is only staying at the Fox's, and we are not forced to call on every one's friends. Besides, Captain Hardwicke is expected home, and it would make it awkward. What would one of Lord Belmont's people say if we asked them to meet a girl like 'Miss Travers ? " " All the same, she's as pretty and lady like as any one I ever met in these parts." "Very likely, but she is not in our set Now, Richard, if you say any more, I nhalT begin to think that you are falling in love with her, if the idea is not too ab surd." But Richard had closed the drawing room door upon his six sisters' languid voices and was half way across the wide lawn with its brilliant parterres of summer flowers. Poor Richard Allerdyce! only son of the richest banker in Chellowdean,. people of good family, but with just that uncertainty of special position which made them afraid of overstepping any boundaries, rather gratified at being on intimate terms with Lord Belmont and the Hardwickes,. he was of divided mind this summer after noon. He had been greatly taken by that sweet face and slight figure in the Fox pew last Sunday; was sensible of a thrill of more than civil interest when he met their owner walking home with the good old Mr. Fox after service, and was intro duced to " Miss Travers," while the eyes " like gray stars " were suddenly raised to his ; and he had ever since spent a larger portion of his time than was strictly need ful in walking past the Fox's rose covered garden gate. But on the other side, his sister's word had certainly struck home. Brought up, as all the Allerdyces were,, like hot-house plants, sheltered from every breath of frosty air, it was not strange that Richard at five-and- twenty, though a big,, burly enough young Englishman to look at,, was but little of a man in heart or mind. Knowledge of the world had been carefully kept from him, as from his sisters, least they should learn evil; but their very ignorance had cost them the loss of power to choose between evil and good and had given them weak prejudices and conceited opinionativeness, instead of a mind able to discern and prefer the right. Richard's handsome face was overcast as he swung out of the lodge gate and down the road. Miss Travers a hospital nurse ; certainly it was a shock. Not only did it seem unwomanly for a woman to work at all, but infinitely more so to do menial work. And then the awful thought of what his mother and sisters would say, were they asked to receive a hospital nurse as his future wife ! For it had gone as far as that in Richard's susceptible mind, even in these three days. All at once his thoughts broke off as Miss Travers herself, sweet and bright as ever, in her black dress, came out from the rectory gate, the great rectory mastiff pacing behind her. Now Richard's own collie was at his heels and there was a bitter feud of long standing between those two faithful followers. There was one angry growl, a heavy rush, a thud, and then a big brown body and a black rolled to gether in the dust in a manner suggestive of a dog's funeral on one side or the other. Richard, who was actually staggered by the suddenness of it all, could not for a moment regain his senses; and when he did it was to find Miss Travers, both hands locked m the hair of Rollo's shaggy neck, pulling him from his foe with all her strength, and calling to " Mr. Allerdyce" to " take hold of his dog and pull him off." She was being whirled around in a cloud of dust by the frantic waltzers before Richard could hardly settle on where to " take hold," but the task was performed for liim by a gentleman in tweed knicker bockers, who stared out of the " White Heart," a few yards away, and ran to the rescue. Between Miss Travers and himself the combatants were separated, each carry ing away a few fragments of the other's person ; and Miss Travers, flushed, panting, covered with dust, but looking lovelier than Richard had ever seen woman look before, sank back against the rectory wall and tried to laugh. The stranger lifted his hat, looking straight at her with a pair of piercing brown eyes. " Excuse me, Miss Travers," he said, in rather an off-hand manner, " but that was about as rash a thing as any one could possibly do. The dogs might have turned on you and bitten you badly." " Thank you, Captain Hardwicke, I had not the least fear," was her only response, given with a little haughtiness; and the gentleman, with a nod to Richard, turned and strode away as rapidly as he had come. " Miss Travers ! are you hurt ?" Richard was able to articulate at last. " Tou never should have done a thing like that; Hard wicke was right; it was awfully rash! By the way, you know Hardwicke ? " " No, T am not hurt a bit." The wonder ful gray eyes were dancing with fun now. " Don't scold me, please; I know it was a silly thing to do, but I didn't stop to think. Pray don't look so horrified." " But if you had been bitten!" " Well, I wasn't." And her face dimpled with a friendly smile at his shocked look. "But you know Hardwicke;" he per sisted, unable to get over his surprise in that quarter. " Oh, yes." Her face grew cold instantly. " Captain Hardwicke was in the hospital with an accident some months ago—my hospital. I had charge of him there, thaf s all." And Bhe pulled a rose so sharply from the hodge, that it fell to pieces in her hand. " Look here!" she laughed, showering the petals on the ground before her, "let us cover the battlefield with flowers," and she laughed again. Richard went home more thoughtful than ever. Surely this woman was a novel thing in his experience of men and manners. She acted with the skill and daring of a man; and yet he would rather not think what his sisters' faces would be like had they seen it! To be sure, she looked as beautiful as an avenging Amazon; but was it quite correct conduct for a girl ? And Captain Hardwicke's manner, so abrupt and dictatorial; he seemed to show her the difference in social position between a nobleman's nephew and a hospital nurse. It must have been an awkward meeting, as his sisters had said. And then a cold shiver came over him as he thought of Miss Travers introduced as Mrs. Richard AUerdyce at Belmont Castle, and Captain Hardwicke's stony stare of surprise. And yet—and yet—she was so beautiful. Nearly three weeks had passed since the dog episode, and Richard's courage still wavered in the balance. He had grown to know Miss Travers well in those three weeks, and to know her well was but to love her better. There never was a woman so sweet, so clever, so sympathetic, so beautiful—he was certain of that no woman he more ardently longed to have for his own; and yet—and yet! That terrible strength of character, that profession, that lack of pedigree! Only last night, in the moonlit rectory garden he had almost flung all prudence to the winds, she had been so dangerously, fatally sweet — she was always especially kind to him — but he reeled back from the gulf just in time when she mentioned casually, without a change of voice or countenance, that she had an uncle who was a chemist in Rochester. " A chemist! Shades of my ancestors pro tect me!" Richard recoiled again as he thought of it, and fancied Hardwicke's look if he could have heard her. For Captain Hardwicke was still at the " White Heart," and perhaps his presence, and the atmosphere of exalted society about him, had been one of Richard's restraining though unconscious influences. Now as he worked his way up the steepest hill in the neighborhood, on his new bicycle, he was pondering the old question in his mind. Could he take the fatal plunge, or was it too costly ? A trim, graceful figure on the road before him, as at last he gained the summit, drove all else to the four winds, and in a moment he had overtaken the object of his cogita tions and sprung to the ground before her. " Mr. AUerdyce! " she said, turning with her own bright look to shake hands; " how like a ghost you stole upon me! Oh, I see, it was a tricycle, and what a beauty! Do let me look at it." And Richard, nothing loth, began to display his new toy—a perfect thing in build and finish—the Allerdyces' possessions always were the most perfect of their kind. He began to explain it to her, forgetting all about the chemist uncle, but she inter rupted him. " Yes, I know all about them, thanks. I see it is a regular bit of perfection. I should so like to try it. May I ? " Once more Richard was dumb with sur prise. A lady on a tricycle was as yet an unheard of thing of rustic Chellowdean, and it seemed an outrageous idea to him. " I really don't think you could," he faltered. "My sisters never have done such a thing." "Your sisters ? Oh, perhaps not," with a little smile at the idea. "But I am quite used to tricycles," and he could not but admit that she adorned her position. "What a delicious hill to run down," she said with a happy little laugh, as she placed her dainty feet on the treadles. " I really must try it." " Pray don't attempt it! " was Richard's horrible remonstrance, for the hill stretched . down even more abruptly than on the side he had ascended, and near the bottom there was a sudden sharp turn, with, the railway line running just below .— the nastiest bit of road for miles around. Per haps even Agatha Travers would have hesitated to hazard it, had it not been for the consternation in Richard's face. " Mr. AUerdyce, you are faint-hearted," she said gaily as she started on her down ward course—a little more rapidly than she had at first intended, but Richard's new tricycle worked smoothly. His heart stood in his mouth, as the country folks say, as she began to glide rapidly off. She turned her head and flashed back a merry defiance. "My uncle, the chemist at Rochester, used to say " The wicked sparkle faded suddenly, and she called quick and clear, "Can you stop me, please ? The break is stiff ; I can't make it work; it's running: away." Poor Richard of the faint heart! It seemed to die within him. The next ■second he had darted forward, but it was just one second too late. The check she had been able to put on the heavy machine with the treadles ceased to keep it back, and faster and faster it tore down the perilous road. In all his life to come, Richard will never know any minute so long as that next, while the straight slight figure flying through Bpace seemed to swim before his eyes, and his knees knocked together as he stood. On, on—faster and faster! She managed somehow to cling to the steering handle, and keep the machine in the middle of the road; but the mad pace grew more desperate. She could never turn that fatal corner by the railway embankment; over it she must go. And it was just then that Richard and she both together saw the puff of snow white smoke from the hillside, that told them the evening express was out of the tunnel and thundering down that very bit of line. It all flashed over Agatha in one rush; would the fall kill her, or would it be the train ? It must be one or the other; the next second or two would settle that; and a swift prayer was on her lips, but what, she never quite knew; for even as she breathed it someone or something in brown tweed knickerbockers hurled itself over the roadside stile beside her, a stout stick darted into the flying wheel, and with one quick swerve the tricycle crashed into the ditch and lay there, a confused mass of spinning* spokes and mutilated tires, while Agatha flew out from its midst like a ball, and alighted on a grassy bank a yard or two away, and the express rushed past with a wild yell on the line just below, and vanished round a sharp curve that matched the curve above it. Then, and then alone, did Richard's legs regain their power of motion, and he set off as fast as they could carry him to where the little black figure lay. Somehow it took longer to run down that hill than the last descent would have led one to think ; for when Richard, panting and breathless, reached the scene of the accident the little black figure, very much out of its usual trim neatness, was seated on tjie grassy tangle that broke her fall busily binding up with her own small handkerchief a deep gash in the hand of the knickerbockered person who knelt at her side. It was a very pale face that looked up at Richard, with the sort of awe that any human creature's must wear who has just been face to face with death ; but her great gray eyes had a wonderful shining light in them. " The poor tricycle! " she said. " I am so sorry! It is very badly hurt ? " And in the fervor of his relief and glad ness Richard could find words for nothing but— " Bother the tricycle!" He was ready enough to say something, however, presently, when he found himself obliged to stop and see its remains decently cared for, while Captain Hardwicke took charge of Miss Travers' return home. She said she was none the worse for her fall, but perhaps she was a little shaken, for Captain Hardwicke kindly offered her his arm and she took it. Richard hurried after them before long, his whole heart aglow. That awful minute this afternoon had taught him this life without Agatha Travers would seem a poor and worthless thing, where 6he a factory girl. He therefore hurried after them, and came in sight of the Fox's gate as two hands, one very neatly bandaged, un clasped over it, and a small dark head raised itself swiftly from a brown tweed shoulder, where it seemed to have been resting. " Good gracious! " was all Richard could utter, as Agatha vanished, and Captain Hardwicke, looking odiously radiant, saun tered coolly towards him. "Ah, Allerdyce, old fellow, caught us, have you ? Then I may as well tell you all my tremendous good luck at ouce, and take your congratulations. Perhaps you've heard how Miss Travers' nursing saved my life last year, and when of course I fell in love wih her, as who wouldn't P She would have it, it was only gratitude, and refused to let me make what she called a mesal liance, just because there's that brute of a title coming to me some day. I told her I thought all that rubbish was obsolete, and offered to drop the title altogether if she liked; but nothing would do, and we parted rather out of temper. I heard she was down here, and ran down to see my uncle, hoping he would talk her over, but I began to think it was no use. And, do you know, I was frantically jealous of you, old fellow! I saw she liked you, and I almost believe you could have cut me out, early in the day, if you'd had the pluck to try, she was so set against me. But to-day has made it alright, and she thinks I've saved her like this time, so we're quits. Well, old man, am I not the luckiest man alive?" " But—but—" stammered the wretched Richard, " surely her family!" " She's an orphan. Oh, I see what you mean! She told me she had been shocking you with an uncle who's a chemist, or a butcher, or goodness knows what! Bah! I should think the mere fact of being a hospital nurse was a patent of nobility to any woman. But if my little girl were a beggar-maiden, she would still be a real princess, God bless her!" And Richard's groan may have been an assent. 