THE MASTER OF OLD COURT PLACE; OR, FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST By HEDLEY RICHARDS, Author of Sentence Proaoopoed," "A Welsh Prlnoew," "The Osaorod iijalery, Eto., etc. CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued.) 7>iartha Gee continues her evidence: — "I think every one present will re member the murder of Captain Clifford Goddard, and the disappearance of Phyllis Blount. Gentlemen, I can ex- plain that. Mr Martin Barron met the girl, accidentally, I believe, In the dell, and he was making love to her when Captain Goddard appeared. The latter gave it to him hot, telling him that he would see that his father, and sister, to whom Mr Martin was engaged, knew of his goings on, and that he should never marry his sister. "This talk enraged Mr Barron, and he j fired a little pistol, which he was carry- I ing, at the captain. He'd put It in his I pocket Intending to do some target shooting in the grounds, but had saun tered on to the dell instead, knowing that Pbylii6 Blount was in the habit of freqeuenting it. "When Mr Barron fired the shot, Cap tain Goddard fell on his face, and the girl screamed awfully, and threw her self on the body of the captain, who was her lover, embracing him and vowing vengeance on his murderer. Between fear and rage, Mr Martin hardly knew what he was doing, and he struck the girl a blow which rendered her insen sible. Then he dragged the captain's body into the wood, and having gagged Phyllis's mouth with her own handker chief, he took his and bound her feet tight, after which he carried her Into the wood, where he laid her not far from her dead lover, "His first impulse was flight, but he had little to expect from that, as Phyllis Blount was sure to recover and tell what bad passed. Still, he shrank from murdering her. He had shot the caj>- taln in hot anger, but he could not de liberately take her life. Then it occur red to him that a day or two might elapse before Captain Goddard's body was found, so that he would have time to move Phyllis Blount to a place of sa fety. But where could he hide her? Suddenly he remembered the room in the tower, which was said to have been blocked up by his great grandfather be- j cause the servants refused to go into that part of the house at night, as report said that the tower was haunted. "Now the truth was it had been par tially blocked, but a sliding panel had been left by which they could get access ; to the staircase. This fact, however, | had been kept a secret from all but j members of the family, and the servants ; had not any idea of its existence. This j room appeared, therefore, to be a secure : hiding place, but he must have help to ' move her there. He at once thought of j iny mother and me, when lifting his j eyes he saw my mother coming along | the path. j "Gentlemen, he went back with her to our cottage, and my mother, who loved ' him as though he was her own son, set | herself to work to help him, and be- j tween them a plan was formed which ! ended in Mr Martin going home to tell j his father what he had done in liis mad j passion. Then my mother gave me a bottle j containing some chloroform, which had i been left by a stranger who had lodged j with us one summer. He was one of those gentlemen who are always trying I experiments, and I'd seen him use it on j a dog and a cat. Well, my mother gave me this bottle, and she told me to go to the wood and place a handkerchief 1 with some of it on against the girl's j nose, and force her to inhale it. She j would then bo no trouble, and I was to I remain with her until help to move her came, which would not be until mid night I did as I was told, for I had too much affection for Mr Martin to run the risk of him being hanged. It wouldn't bring the captain back to life, and as for the girl, she'd been a flighty sort of lass, and I hadn't much pity for her. So I was resolved to do my best for the young master. "I got to the wood unobserved, but a shuddering took hold of me as I passed the dead body of Captain Goddard. When I found Phyllis, who was a little distance further on, I saw that she had revived, and had nearly succeeded in getting the bandages off her ankles. Then I forced her to Inhale the chloro- i form, and she lay as quiet and uncon scious as death. "For hours I sat beside her listening to every sound, but the dai-kness came on, and no one came near. I've a good nerve, but it took it all to sit there with the murdered man's body such a little way off. "Just before one o'clock I heard foot steps, then a voice called 'Martha,' and I answered. Then In a minute or two my mother appeared, carrying a dark lantern, with my cousin Tom following. "He was carrying a coffin, which he (.Commenced Publication February 16.) laid on the grass, and I asked where he had got it, and what It was for. " 'I got It out of the workshop, and it was made for Steve Horsfall; but I reckon he won't get It now,' he Eaid, as he and my mother lifted the girl gently into It. " 'You're not going to hurt her?' I said. " 'Tut! D'ye think you're the only one that's a heart in your body? We're only going to carry her In 1-t to Old Court Place. Mr Martin has told his father, and the old gentleman has con sented to her being hidden in the tower; but he's sent Mr Martin off, and he says as he shall never set his foot In the j house again while he lives. But we've j no time to lose, as Mr Barron is waiting up for us,' said my mother. "Well, the coffin was shouldered by Tom and my mother, for she's as tall : as a man. Then I followed, taking care not to leave any trace behind. It was a very dark night, and we crossed the fields without meeting any one, and entered the park by the side gate. "On reaching the house the door was quietly opened. Mr Barron had evi dently been watching for us, and he led the way to the tower chamber, where the coffin, with the poor girl, still uncon scious, lying in It, was laid on the floor. Then shutting the door which led to the staircase, we all went down stairs- "In the chamber below we had a long talk, in which It was arranged that I should the next morning apply per sonally to Mr Barron for a post as seamstress, saying that my mother had lost some of her savings. It would not appear strange to the housekeeper, as my mother had always stood high in Mr Barron's favor, and It was arranged that I should have the rooms at the foot of the tower. Mr Barron then said we had better go, as the girl would require nothing that night, as we had placed both food and drink In her room. At the front door he paused, and look ed full at my mcther, saying: " 'Mrs Gee, we are taking a fearful risk to screen that unworthy son of mine. I don't know that we are doing right to screen him at all, and I'm sure we're doing wrong to keep that poor girl a prisoner for the rest of her life; still I cannot hand my son over to the hangman. AH the same, I feel sure | neither he nor us will go unpunished. May God deal lightly with you who are I doing so much for one who is no kin I to you.' j "Then he opened the door, and we ' passed out; and no one in the house : save Mr Barron knew anything of the ! poor girl In the tower, j "The next day I applied for the post 1 of seamstress, and Mr Barron told his I housekeeper that he had decided to employ me, and I was to be allowed to choose a couple of rooms. "I went back home and fetched my box. Then I chose the two rooms at the foot of the tower chamber. Mr Barron had showed me how to work the spring, so that as soon as I was alone I opened the panel and ascended the staircase, being careful to close the panel after me." CHAPTER XX.— FURTHER DIS CLOSURES. "I shall never forget the sight that met my eyes when I entered the room in the tower," continued Martha Gee, in her evidence before the coroner. "There was Phyllis dancing gaily round the room, humming a love-song. She seemed as gay as a bird, and look ed at me without any sign of recog nition- Too soon I discovered that she had lost her reason. . "I suppose it was the shock of com ing round and finding herself in the cof fin that did It. In the hurry none of us had thought of the harm it might do her. Poor thing, it was pitiful to see her, and I vowed however long she was in my charge I would be kind to her. The next morning Mr Barron sent for me, and when I entered the library I saw that he had some fresh trouble In hand. " 'Martha what do you think that re probate son of mine has done to add to his Iniquity?' he asked. " 'I "don't know, sir. I hope it's no thing very bad.' " 'He went red-handed, and persuaded Miss Agatha Goddard to elope with him. While we were doing our best to hide his sin, he was on liis way to London with her, and she is now his wife. I've half a mind to make a clean breast of it,' he said, angr ily. "I implored him not to do so, saying it wouldn't bring the captain back to life, and would put a slur on his own name. " 'No, I won't say anything; but, mark you, if Agatha Goddard ever finds it out, she'll never forgive him; and If Maud does, it wiil be worse. They come of an unforgiving race.' "Time passed on, the captain was buried, and Sir Charles died broken hearted, which added to Mr Barron's grief. Then my cousin Tom began to ask for money, and he became so ex tortionate that Mr Barron gave him a thousand pounds, and paid his passage to Australia; and since then he's had money sent to him, or he'd have come home, and told all about the murder. "The years went by, and Phyllis Blount never recovered her reason ; and then, when the old master died and Mr Martin took his place, and married Miss Alice Sturt, thought that the future : would, at any rate, be better than the past. "A nicer, gentler young lady than Mrs Martin Barron never lived; but he took against her when he found that she didn't inherit old Mr Sturt's money, and he tried to poison her. "Oh, gentlemen, when I found out what he was doing, It nearly broke my heart. I knew then as we'd better have let him be punished for the crime he'd done. Getting off had just hardened him to sin; .but I made up my mind that he shouldn't poison his young wife, so I told my mother, and we read a book as she had on poisons, and the anti dotes- Then we ent some stuff that was an antidote to what we thought he was giving her, and it did Mrs Bar ron a lot of good. "Now, gentlemen, comes the part of | my story which will prove that Mrs j Barron is as innocent as a babe of her husband's murder. For the last six months I've subject to epileptic fits. They come on quite sudden, without | warning, and several times I've been taken just as I've come down from the tower, before I'd time to close the panel, and Phyllis has taken the chance to wander away. But the most singular part of it is that she has never been seen by anyone but Mrs Barron, who treated her with great kindness, and gave her Httie bits of finery- I had to make up a story to account for her pre sence in the house, and Mrs Barron pro mised not to mention her to anyone. Of course I didn't tell the mistress about the tower chamber. "On the night of the murder I had a fit. I must have fallen down just as I stepped through the aperture, and Phyl lis must have discovered as much. Any way, when I came round and went to the tower she was missing, so I w'ent to Mrs Barron's room. I knew Mr Barron al ways sat up late; besides he had had a room in the other wing for some time. My reason for going to Mrs Barron's room was because I knew Phyllis had a trick of going there and helping herself to the pretty things that were lying about. But Phyllis wasn't in the dres- singroom, so I went into the bedroom, and she wasn't there: b.t my young mistress was sleeping as sweetly as a baby. I saw her as plainly as I see you. Then I went out of the room and down stairs, feeling terribly frightened less | Phyllis had got to the smokeroom, where I knew the master would be sit ting, and as the door was a bit open I knocked, then went in, and there, sure enough was the poor girl standing dazed like and as white as a ghost in front of Mr Martin, who I saw, had been foully murdered. "Gentlemen, Phyllis didn't do it There wasn't a spot of blood on her — indeed, the sight of anything red always turned her awful. So I hurried her to the tower chamber, and having changed her clothes, I took her home, where I left her in the garden. "Since then I've found in the pocket of the dress Phyllis wore that night a scent bottle which belongs to Mrs Bar ron, and I have no doubt she took it and the handkerchief from my mistress's room before going downstairs, where she must have dropped the handker chief. "Gentlemen, this is the whole truth, so far as I know it; and I have told you so that I may save my mistress from an unjust suspicion — perhaps even worse," said Martha, as she sat down. "This is a strange story, gentlemen, and I propose that we visit the tower chamber," said the coroner. The jury agreed to this suggestion, so Martha was requested to lead the way, which she did, followed by the coroner, jury, police officers, and all who had heard the story. It was a comfortable room, but dull; still there were signs that the girl's pleasure had, as far as possible, been considered. Books of gay colored pictures, and other trifles showed that Martha Gee had done her best to amuse her. "See, this is the coffin," and Martha raised a thick cushion, with a deep print valance, and showed them the coffin turned the wrong side up. "It doesn't make a bad settee, and it's no worse than a box when one gets used to the shape, and I tried to hide that as much as possible," she said. While the others were examining this Superintendent Kitson was looking for the pistol, which Mrs Carruthers had said would probably be hidden in that room. After poking and prying about he discovered a little box, and lifting the lid, he found it contained a small revol ver with the initials "M.B." Slipping It into his pocket, he followed the others, who were beginning to des cend the staircase, and they all return ed to the dining-room, when the coron er reviewed the evidence. It was de cided to adjourn the inquest until Tues day—it was then Friday, and the funer al was to take place on Monday. Of course, Martha Gee's statement was the talk of the district— indeed, of the whole country— but Mrs Gee refused to discuss it with anyone, shutting the lodge door against everyone, and say ing what she'd done she'd done for the best, and wasn't going to talk about it As for Martha, she packed her box. In tending to go home, but Alice asked her to stay, so she remained and waited on her young mistress, who was quite pros trate with the shock. Meanwhile, Mrs Carruthers and Grace discussed the crime, wondering who had killed Martin Barron. The faint suspicion which Grace had entertained of her companion had now vanished, and she was glad to see that when she alluded to the unhappy man there was less bitterness in her tone. "It's a marvellous thing how Martin Barron's murder has led to the truth being known about my poor cousin and Phyllis Blount," said Sir Justin God dard, who had called at the Gables on the afternoon of Martin Barron's fune ral. " " How Is that poor girl ?" Inquired Grace. "Very ill. It is brain fever. Dr. Gra- hame hopes, however, that If she has strength to pull through that she will regain her reason." "Do you know that we are summon ed to attend the adjourned inquest ?" said Grace. Sir Justin looked amazed. "Whatever cau you know about the matter 7" he said, glancing from one to the other, and noticing how pale Grace had become. Mrs Carruthers turned to him, say ing : "Sir Justin, will you come to the in quest? We do know something about the murder— not a guilty knowledge, but something— and we may be placed In an unpleasant position. A friend's pre sence would help us." "Then be sure I will come." "Thank you. But you will do well to prepare for a startling revelation." He looked surprised, as he said : "Revelations just now seem to be the order of the day." Shortly after this he took his depart ure, and Grace turned to her companion, saying : " I am afraid all will have to come out." "All about me — not necessarily about you. Take my advice, Grace, and do not say anything about your past life, for it will not be needful." " I hope not; but I am not so sure," was the reply, spoltea in a sorrowful tone. Eleven o'clock the next morning was the time fixed for the Inquest to be re sumed, and at that hour the two ladles, accompanied by Sir Justin Goddard, took their places In the dining-room at Old Court Place. The first witness called was John Pur vis, the groom at the Golden Lion. " Were you out on the night of the 7th 7" "Yes, sir ; my missis was ill, and I went to fetch the doctor." "Did you meet anyone on your way ?" " Yes, sir; I met Miss Sturt and her companion, Mrs Carruthers." "Where did you meet them ?" "Nigh the church. They'd just turn ed the corner from the lane that runs alongside the park." "There is a gate into the park; a little beyond there, I think ?" said the coron er. "Yes, sir; about a quarter of a mile beyond." "What time was it when you met them ?" "About half-past twelve, as near as I can. tell." "Did they seem to wish to escape no tice ?" "Yes, sir; they hurried past me." "That will do," and as he sat down, Mrs Carruthers was called. "Your full name, please ?" said the coroner. "Maude Goddard," was the calm re ply. Every eye was turned on her, and Sir Justin sprang to his feet, then recollec ted himself, and sat down, looking in quiringly at Grace, who, with the ex ception of Superintendent Kitson, was the only one unmoved. "The woman's mad!" exclaimed Mrs Sturt. "Please be quiet, madam," said the coroner. " Will you explain yourself, please 7" he added, turning to the wit ness. "What I said is quite true. I am known as Mrs Carruthers, but my real name is Maude Goddard. Superinten dent Kitson knows that It is a fact, and if you will excuse me for five minutes I will soon remove my disguise." The coroner intimated that he was willing, and she proceeded to one of the chambers, returning in a few minutes with a fair, though very pale skin, a crop of short, curly, golden hair, and without the disguising blue spectacles. As she entered the room, without either jacket or bonnet, all those who had known her in her girlhood recognised the fair, proud face, which was so like her sister Agatha, the ill-fated wife of Martin Barron. Meanwhile Superintendent Kitson had corroborated her statement, and ex plained that she had given such evid ence regarding Captain Goddard's mur der, that he had come to arrest Martin Barron, when he found that he bad in his turn met with a violent death. The recital had aroused great interest i in the mluds of those present, which was not diminished when Maude Goddard again took her place facing the coron er. CHAPTER XXI.— THE VERDICT. "Is it true that you were out at mid night on the 7th inst. 5" asked the cor oner. "Quite true." "Will you tell us where you had been?" "I had been here." "Were you alone ?" "I was alone In going. Miss Sturt returned with me." "Why did you come to Old Court Place at that hour ?" , , , "I wanted to stop Miss Sturt giving Martin Barron the alarm, and so allow ing him to escape." "What made you think she would do that 1" "Because I could see she did not ap prove of me handing him over to jus tice." "Did Miss Sturt know that you were Miss Goddard ?" "Yes; she had seen me once, as you see me now, and I was obliged to explain." "Did you meet Miss Sturt ?" "I saw her passing the front entrance. I had heard her leave the Gables, and followed, but as she did not know her way across the park, I reached the house first," "What time was it ?" "The clock on the stables was striking half-past eleven when I reached the front entrance." "What did you do then ?" "I turned the corner to see if any of the rooms were lighted. As I did so, I saw a man going quickly across the lawn. Thinking it might be Martin Barron, I followed, intending to give the alarm, and prevent his escape; but when I got a little nearer to him, I saw that he was both taller and stouter. So I turned back, and just as I reached the house I came upon Miss Sturt." "Which way did she come ?" "Past the front entrance. She was j going towards a room from which the light poured on to the lawn." "What happened then ?" "I tried to prevent her. I told her that she should not give him the alarm; that I would have him brought to justice. But she managed to break away from me and reach the window." "What then ?" said the coroner. "She screamed aloud, and I ran to the window, and saw that Martin Barron lay dead in his chair, his clothes all co vered with blood." "Why did you not rouse the house, and give the alarm ?" "Miss Sturt wished me to do so, but I persuaded her not. I knew that it .would be unpleasant for us to be found there at that hour." "About this man you saw. What was he like ?" "I did not see him distinctly. The moon was not visible until we had left the park, but, so far as I can tell, he was a very tall man, and decidedly broad- set. He gave me the impression of be ing stout, and his walk was unsteady." "You say he was taller than Mr Bar ron ?" "Yes." "Mr Barron was nearly six feet, so this stranger must have been very tall ?" re marked the coroner. "He was." "Thank you, Miss Goddard; you can sit down." Miss Sturt was then called, and she at once took her place at the end of the table in front of the coroner. Her evi dence was in substance the same as that given by Maude Goddard, but there were two or three points upon which she was cross-questioned. " Now, Miss Sturt, I should like to know whether you are quite certain that Miss Goddard did not leave the Gables before you ?" "I am morally certain of that, but of course, I didn't go to her room to see if she was there." "When she met you by the house, did she seem excited ?" "We were both excited ; in fact, we had a tussle. I wanted to get to the room with the light in it, and Miss God dard was determined I should not." "Why were you so anxious that Mr Barron should elude justice ?" "Because I pitied him. I believed from what I had heard that he was guilty, tout I thought, and do think, it a terrible thing to hand a fellow-creature over to an ignominious death. Besides, I hoped he would repent." "I suppose you didn't see any weapon near the window ?" "Oh. no. Indeed I never thoughtof look ing. I forgot everything but the awful deed that had been done." "Did Miss Goddard tell you she had seen a man?" "Yes." i "I suppose you didn't see him?" ; "No." "Thank you, Miss Sturt— that will do;" and Grace sat down. The coroner then began summing up, and he pointed out that, so far as was known, no one bad been near the bouse at the time of the murder, save Miss Sturt and Miss Goddard. The former had no ill-feeling against the deceased — indeed, so far as they could gather, her sentiments were kindly, whereas Miss Goddard. had a very hitter feeling against him, and it must not be for gotten that she reached the house be fore Miss Sturt. And, strange to say, the ttme of her arrival coincided with the hour at which death had taken place. (To be continued.) 