®SE GREEK GOD -AND THE I N MODERN GIRL. f Reader, where ' and" wfaed the following? Docnrred mattere-hot. Bnffioe tosay it took place in Cardiff. I Outwardly hewas-oneof that-vype orittm»n- |ity which the old isulptore were fond of por- itrajing. In height In was aboat five feet nine er ten laches, md broad of cbestend shoulders but lithe- of figure and movement. Hia throat was full and round, and oarried a bead well poiied and covered with clustering blaelc curls. His features were almost regular enough to have bccu cMselled ; ,bis eye was large, full, and dark, and Ms faee innocent of- a hair in spito of his 24 summers and winters. Inwardly he was less perfect; end herein nature had kept to her law. " But, Lavinia,"he saiifina constrained, voioe- and eager manner, as he gazed downdnto tho bright bine eyss-of tho-woman atbis-sTde who looked up at him- wita a-mixtaro-of 'f ainfaur- ' prise, roguUhaesvand/tudfmasked m&stwfol-r; ness, " But, Lavinia, you-areinafiucaromt;. are you-?"" " In earnest" -with a plsyfuhemile. ' " Of course I am, you great noodle. Wo have been friends— you kuow, Platonic friends — nothing more. And you bavo understood that all olong —at least yo'a ought to havo done ; -I mean -you - to do— bo why should you be'so snrprised and', pretend to be hurt because I accept the-atten- tions of another man -P Really, I haven't any Ipatienoa with you men:; you oro so-selflah," And she turned away to -the little brio-a-brao- eovered foble on her left with a pstulaut look. fat a couple of minutes ho stood looking it- the back of the neat, trim figure robed in a well- fitting dress of soft, dark material,and<the coils of light-brown bair mingled with threads of- seeming gold ; stood gazing at her as if ha- nttsrly failed to understand the import of what she had said, as if he-could- not grasp tho new ness of the situation. Then stepping forward he laid bis hands on her shoulders, turned her- gently round, looked down into her beautiful but weak face, and said in a- voice husky with concentrated feelings— " Lavinia, surely to God, you -are "jesting- are testing me. You have seen for montbs-past what you were becoming to me— your woman's insight his told you that it is no pawiug fancy, no mere tiinu- killiog affair to me. You have- given me every encouragement, aod-at he end of every voyage you have been-glod-to -see ma, " Of course,. I have ; I'm-alwayaglad-toaoe' friends, But tbat-doesu't say tbatl-loved you," interrupting him and loolring .a trifle -more serious. " Bub why -didyou -accoptomy-'.pfceents ?' Why did you go with me -almost everywhere ? Why did you let me go on loving you more and more with each succeeding voyagn-when you knew you had nothing but friendship .to- givo in return P "'bomsked passionately. " Because I liked you and your attentions, I supposo," she replied, faintly, tuming uway.her head as she spoke. "And you would let me-go on headlong to misery for your own gratification ; you would see me sailing around the edge of a maelstrom to please your whim of tbo moment," and he looked at bsr fiercely. " Lavinia "—after a pause— "-you -do not mean wbat you said when I asked you to marry me, do you ? You don't love Normau Fielding, do you P Yon have only beon flirting with Mm. Come, Lavinia"— bis warmth increasing— " say you have been but proving me, and I'll love you \- and work for you as mau never loved or-worked for woman before. Boy you bave not been flirtiug with mo, and I'll not rest until I'm in in command of ono of'-the. finest-ships afloat, and all for your sake." " Bat what's the goad of me saying that, Hector, when I don't mean it ? Come," with tbe playful smile again hovering around her eyes and moutb, "come, we've played -at pathos and tragedy long enough now ; do let us be sensible." And the smile passed away. For a moment he gazed steadily at ber— she returning bis look unflinchingly — in deep thought; then quietly, with a bard, stoady voice, he asked— " And tMs is to be the end of it, then ? " "End of wbat P How -you do make-mountaim out of molehills 1 " " Tho' end el my hopes," still in the-same jcalm, hard voico, f " Yes, about marrying me. But we can ba Ifricnds all the same " ; adding jocularly, and Smiling again, "1'ii be a sister to you, you know. |And you can come to me for a sister's advice end sympathy." " Thank you," he replied in the same tone as before, and taking his hands from her shoulders ihe turned away. .... j A few minutes later he left tho bouse and joined his ship and started on 0 voyage to jBombuy and bsck. \- During the passage out and home again bis brother officers nuticed that bis accustomed light joyousnesa of manner bad passed away, bis snatohes of song wore beard no mora, bis repartee was a thing of the past. Hector Stan ford had become a moody, thoughtful man, who bad but little to say to anyone, and kept tbe seolusion of his berth as muoh aa possible. On his ship returning to Cardiff be kupt away from -the house where Lavinia Brsnscombu lived until the evening before be sailed on tbo next voyage. In the afternoon, after ascertaining ..that they would leave by the midnight tide, ha 1 sunt her a note requesting that she would Kraut | him the favour of an hour's friendly chat, and j informing ber that be would call about nine io'oloiik. He could not, be wrote, got away sooner. And be received an answer granting his (desire. ; At the time appointed he called, rang tbe boll, was admitted, and shown into the little draw- jing-room, where she mot bim with her old llfghtsome mauuer and delusive ensnaring facial isunshine. She waa glad to see him, she said ; (glad to welcome him back ; glad to see bim louk- ling sa well (a near-sighted person could have iseeu ' at a distance that the past ton weeks bad 'brought lines to his face, and had taken tbe -fulness and bloom from it). Bhe asked bim, with a' roguish |pok why he had not como up ite see her sooner, adding, that she bad heard of his ship being in port. And be replied that ho bad been unable to got away because of having commenced to load the moment they entered the dock. " Have you," ie askud slowly and oulmly After they bad ohstted a while, " bavo you thougth any more of wbat we talked about the -night before I went away on the last voyage p " "No. Why should I?" she replied airily. "'There's nothing to think about— or at least mo need to think of it." And ibo shot an in- quiriiig glaneo at Mm. But he saw it not. -His gaze was riveted op tho tigorskin-at his feet— one of the presents he had brought ber from Calcutta. " Then you bave dcoided to marry Flold- 'ing P " quietly and still looking ut tbe fangs in .the upper jaw of the dead animal, " Yes, if he asks me," giving him another furtive glance, "Then he hasn't asked you yet ?" after a pause, and calmly as boforo. - " No." - v\i '"i'-'.v ' " But you expeat Mm to do-?-? "Yea— but why talk about thla?1'- Hia mnnner, for tho first timo, was taking eifeot on her. Can't wo talk of eometbiug else," she added. . " You ore right, Lavinia," hs said, lifting his'- head and looking at iher, and assuming a moro 'eheerfal tone aa be added, " Why do we want to talk about it P Come, give me a glass at wine, and I will drink yon success iq tho 'matter and a long and happy life with bim, then1 I must be getting on board again," . r.l-,-.„v,il P-V.T' A|. V ' . ..?VR!ltI ,.yop:F? ibo-oXdafmed, auff bersyea lit qp,with. a suddeo glow.. " Now, that's what . I call sen'slbto. Shall 1 get.jmu '. glass of wine ?'? eagerly. "Yea, get «ne<>M,dTwiItoIriiiirtoooaa I havasaid."be answered,rising'to his feetwttta a new light in -Ms eyes and tbe grim, deter mined purpose at his heart, hidden by the ghost of a smile that crept' ovcr-'his f aceand lingered there for a moment. And leaving-theroom with-a light, quiclrfeoh- step and a suddenly gay manner shercturned in a few minutes with a-Bttle.jspanned troy con taining two glasses and a deoaator of rich Malaga. " I . have /brought you -your -f avourite," she said, as- sho plaoed the tray on tho edge of-a table'-, and pushed tbe-bric<a-brao-asideto make room for it ; " one of the dozen battlee yon htougbt for'Tnothor, and I'm going to have a gfoss- -'with you." And with latdaring, aanoy 1 .Bmnoi-ihe fiilea'tjotli the .glasses, Then 'lifted onouniber slender, varhite handi/wEHofbejaiaedi thovstbor'in.frontvof Mm. At '- tbisvmomeaVi rtherooaire'd'lmocksrt'the-dooc.Nfdllcnridihythe? intrusi<Hnof>a>mnia,-whO'said— "710040, -Miss 'Lavinie, the-missns wantoyon-' atonco:" " Very woIl>;- tell her I'm coming," adding,- ' as 1 shosturooAi to her visitor, " Wait a minuto -until T. seo-wlist'-mother wants. I non'f'be'' long." '- Andireturning the-glassto'the-traybe'- hurried from- -the roam and closed tbe door-, behind ber. As she went he also pat down-hie? gl»«a,-and- acorcolyrtad the-door closed when he muttered— ' " Now forit.vrwas -afraid tho -opportunity' wonld-sfip'ffie"van'd, inserting Ms finger- and. thumb-into 'his-vest-poeket, he drew forth ?<a' very tiny vial.V For-a moment he held vttipito'' the light, and'a'fierce insane glitter filled -his> eyes-as be dld so. Then easting his gaze-at-tho glass of wine on thedray, hs murmured— " If that Hindco has only told me tbe' truth', you will bavo-somcthinR to remind yen in years to oome, Lavinia, of tho man you so heart- - lessiy foolad," And without -a moment's! hesitation-he punred-tho contents into hie glass, ( restoppercd -the-vial, .end returned - it - to -. bis-; pocket. Having done thiamins assumed ' an erect . 'posture, outwardly, calm and immovable, but with a wild insane throbbing at bis heart, and -a mad impulac-aurging'through his- unbalanced' .mind. At-this moment-of -waiting. at the eleventh' hour, when he-hud'formod bis plan-and -oarriod-. out all but tho last oulminating point, the- tcmptor outcrcd'his brain aud made him swerve - from the path.be lnd -so determinedly set-out upon-to-follow to-tho-ond. Why not, said the tsmpter to his crazymind. give her the chance of the poisoned -glass 9 You have os-mnch. right to live as she bos, Bbe brought- your- misery -on you.-and lruaw that aha was-'doiug.it. Bhe did it purposely just to.sanraso .horsalf. It's -only a-ehance. She-may not get it. Risk it, you will not be doing it purposely, , It's only a gambling, u tossing whioh shalLiive, and you have the-mostiright to do-so. Tho temptation was short— it waa-qalok, it was sudden. It-oame to Mm and entered Ms "unhinged mind with the power and suddenness of au Alpine avalanche, as he stood -there look- iug-abtho'truy and its-contents ; ond-withtha rapidity of thought be glauced-at themusie- stool at hia left, plaeod tho glasses at exaotly opposite sides of tbe-tray, and the decanter in tho middle of them. Thon lifting thetrey gently but quiokly from the table he put it on the stool, and stooping down he oIoSBd Ms eyes firmly, tightly ; and taking the top of the-stool between his hands he turned round and ronnd, steadily and without haste, the gsme of life and death going with- it, until it stopped. Then- he unclosed Ms eyes. One-glass was directly in front of him — he knew not which— and silently and swiftly he bore the tray book to the table, t tilting dors to keep that glass door close-to bim which had presented itself when he had opened Ms .eyes. And there he-stood, his fingers-ready to ciutoh life or'deaUl ho knew not and-cared not which— tho instant she entered. Slowly, as if eaeb one weighted with a thousand worlds, tbe moments dragged tfaemselves-away. Novor did time pus so -slowly. , . And yeb she did not come. , . Evon the clock on tbe mantelpiece behind him seemed to tick — tick — tick so desperately, so slow, as if it were a human ghonl-or fiend- enjoying with-a- demoni acal joy the fearful horror whioh now began to prey npon him. . . Was ho going mad, ho' wondered. Was he mad ; his brain seemed to burn so. ... A rippling laugh struok on his hoaring, strained almost to bursting pitoh, and the door opened. Lavina entered, swong the door to behind ber, and walking np to tbe table, with a happy, careless look iu her eye and a smile enwreatbing her whole faee, she lifted the glass nearest to her, as ha grasped the-one by Ms bsnd, and said with a jaunty air — " Now, Hector, give me your toast." And raising the Malaga iu front of Mm he said, as he forced a smile into his face — " Here's that you may livo a long end happy life, no matter whom you marry." And placing thoglnBs to his lips he-drained it.at a- draught, just as sbB replied— " And hero's that wo mayboth'share the some' fate." And tbe nezt moment two empty glasses stood on the tray, while ho examined bis palate-. with his tongue to eee ti lie could deteot any trace of the poison, and looked at her while doing so half expecting to see hor start- forward at every moraout. Then he suddenly remem bered— the Hindoo had told- him it was taste- lass. In five minutes raoro ba hsd left the house, and was on the way for the .Realm Dock -Basin, where his ship lay, which bo reached in-satety, and in whioh he went to sea by the midnight tide. An hour later Lavinia had retired to her olmmbor, having first returned tho wine to the Sideboard and given tbe glasses to the servant, who at ouou washed and put them away. Ou thefollawiug morning sho was found ricad iu bod. And At the inquest the modioli, evidence went to show that deooasod died from stoppage of the heart's action, supposed to have been oaused by souie unknown poison ; but Whuthor so, or how or when administered ,-thcro was nothing to prove. Aud when the s,s. St. Alfred returned from ber voyage to the Indies it was reported that Heelor Btanworth, tbe chief mate, bad rushed from bis berth, where he hadibeen confined for two days because of tho loss -of Ms resson, and jumped overboard during 'A squall 0110 night inta tke Rod Be. E. P-msucow, 