ft WOMAN’S VICTORY. By :,LitICA,' Author of “ More Than Coronets.’ [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTKR. I XIX.—BROTHER AND | SISTER. I Dear -me, Mrs Golded! You don’t tell me -so! What a heartless creature she must be!” ’It is quite true, my dear. I heard It from Miss Caterwall, and Mrs Kal ins Sharp as well. gave him a sleeping' draught teat might have caused his death on purpose to spend the night looking tlK-ough' his private papers; but the Captain woke up, or didn’t take it, or something, and discovered her plot. He ?eft the next day—in fear of his life, I suppose.” “It was a good thing that Captain Furnell found her out when he did. ^he has made terrible mischief between him and his grandson, that handsome young Royal Boomcraft, and has been the means of keeping them apart for years. Is it not terrible to think of the amount of mischief a designing wo man can accomplish?” “Why do you not speak to Mrs Rose about her? Surely she does not know what kind of guest she has invited to meet our young people? She ought to be regarded as a dangerous character, this Gay Furneli.” un, my dear, I dare not! Mrs Rose has taken her up, and makes quite a pet of her. We must not say anything: She would quarrel with us on the spot.” This •was quite true. If Mrs Rose had been aware of the slander that was circulating among her guests, she would have marked her displeasure by leaving them, and shutting herself in her private rooms, if she had done no Gay and Frank had heard. ■ They haw seated themselves in front of an ivy covered screen, and the voices proceed ed from the other side of itl “ And there is worse than that, if worse can be,” Mrs Golded proceeded. “They say that she—” Frank took the girl’s hand, and led her away. "I must go at once,” she said, look ing as colorless as a .white lily. She glanced at Frank with an expression of unseeing, heartbroken bewilderment that caused him to rage secretly against "those two old hypocrites,” meaning Mrs Golded and her auditor. "Dear Miss Furnell, you are looking quite ill,” he said, "Come round to the breakfastroom. No one will be there, and I can get you a glass of wine or something." Oh, no, no,” she sobbed, "I must go home. I will not stay. Oh, let me go! Bet me go!” Seeing that she was too greatly agi tated to meet anyone just then with becoming composure, he brought her .wraps and his own. After insisting upon her drinking a glass of wine, the two made their way out of the side gate, like a couple of criminals. “Did you hear what they said—that scii in fear of she whispered, still with that horror stricken look in her eyes. . • ■ . "Yes, I heard the miserable slander; I have heard it before.” "You have heard it before, and did not tell me?” He laughed a little, then looked down at her in a tender, protecting way that made her almost begin to cry again. “Do you suppose that I should honor Such mean lies by repeating them?” he asked. "Believe me, I would shield you from all and every trouble, now and always, if I could.” "You are so brave and reticent that I honor you more than I can say; but will you not now tell me what caused the alienation between Captain Furnell and yourself. I might be of some ser vice. Could you trust me with the mat ter, do you think? I would be your friend against all the world.” "I can; I do,” she answered, holding out her hand to him. ”1 will trust you because you believe in me.” ' He kissed the small fingers then drew her arm through his, and Gay told him all the story, as they walked slowly on they scarcely knew whither, i Frank’s indignation and grief were unbounded. He saw at once how she had been victimised. His murderous instincts found their way into his fin gers, so that they tingled at the thought of how he could enjoy lashing that fellow Boomcraft until he howled for mercy. Frank fully recognised that Boomcraft was the prime mover and leading spirit of the fiendish conspir acy. "Don’t tell me any more! I cannot hear to hear it,” he pleaded, as Gay began to describe some of her gaol ex periences. “My dear little friend! What you must have endured!” His voice broke down. The thought of the cruel ordeal through which the delicately nurtured, sensitive girl must have passed; her mental and physical Buffering; and not least, her brave en durance—unmanned him. "I con understand the whole matter,” he remarked at length, after they had walked on in silence for some time, "Miss Sansom must have thrown you into a mesmeric trance and made your ..subsequent actions qppear seriously re — ffcr‘<avnur guardian’s eyes.” 'The thing iB as plain as day. Did She ever do so before?” "Twice before I remember losing my Consciousness as we sat hand in hand, I listening to and looking intently at her. On each occasion I remembered nothing more until the next morning, When I found myself in my bed. Three times I remember this happened; the fourth’ time she tried the trick, I be came aware of her intention, and resis ted successfully.” She told him of the last interview With IJna and its results. "Did Captain Furnell know anything of all this?” ; "Nothing -whatever.” "VSTiere la he now? I think you should write and tell him, Miss Fumell.” ^‘Oh, no! no! I could not,” she answer led. “X think that whatever he saw, he ,-was unkind to leave me without a word Of explanation; without giving me an opportunity of setting myself right in his eyes. After all his goodness to me, and an the happy years I spent under his care, he oould believe me ungrateful, mercenary, wicked, and not allow me to defend myself! No, I cannot write to him. No doubt he grew tired of me, and was ready to believe me in the wrong.” "He did not grow tired of you; X am perfectly certain of that,” Frank an swered. “If he believed you in the wrong, it was because appearances were very much against you, Miss Furnell. 2 think you owe it to .yourself to set JOurself right with him.” (444 i “Well, perhaps I will write and tell Aim some day,” she answered, "but not She turned the conversation. Very soon Prank told her all about the ter rible deed which had robbed him of friends and home, and left him the haunting- suspicion that his mother's hand and heart had turned criminal for the sake of being revenged for the wrong done to her by his father. “I will never forgive you, never! You have been the enemy of my whole mar ried life!” "These were almost the last words I heard her speak.” "The next time I saw her, she and my father were lying in death together, and her hand held the weapon which I be lieve sent him into eternity. “Child as I was, I knew better than to repeat her words, even to the clergy man, who bestowed a father’s care and affection upon me during his life, and bequeathed nis all to me at his "I repeat them now to you for the first time* Public feeling and suspi cion had both condemned her already. I thank God I said no word to inten sify the suspicion, which was so pro I nounced and keen that my father's friends would not allow him to be laid in the same grave with her. "Thus they were divided, both in their lives and their deaths,” he added, with deep feeling, which he could ill dis semble under Gay's sympathetic eyes. “Perhaps the truth will be made clear some day,” said Gay, softly. "Until it is brought to light, if it ever Is, I must walk through life's ways a lonely man,” he answered. "Because I am a firm believer in heredity, it is forbidden to me ever to seek a woman in love and marriage. . The sacred ties of home affections must never be mine. My feeling upon the subject is so strong as to be unalterable.” “I do not believe in your murderous instincts,” Gay remarked. "At least, if you have them, I share them. There are times when I feel capable of un heard of depths of wickedness—I do, indeed.” “You look like that,” Frank answer ed, looking down into the fair, sweet face upturned to his. With its habitual expression of truth and ingenuousness, and its look of ear nest sympathy for him just touched with a trace of archness and sense of humor, it might almost have been the face of an angel, who had received special permission to learn laughter and mirth, and all the innocent joys of earth life. “We ought to be brother and sister, then,” said he. Every kind of affec tion is not denied me. Let me be your brother, Miss Furnell. I will try to be a good one; I will, indeed.” "What a charming idea!” she cried. “A brother is—let me see—a brother is a relation who may scold and be scold liRht. hia.cicar.at “Such as when he takes his steter fcr a much-needed constitutional after work hours are over," Frank suggested, cunningly, in view of future possibili “Ella Findlay has a good brother.” Gay continued; "the handsomest and best a girl ever had. She used to tell us about him at school.” "Then I will he the next best.” "She went out rowing with him one day, and dropped his signet ring—the parting gift of a dear dead friend—into the river. He had taken it off and giv en it into her care while he rowed. She put it on her thumb and dabbled her hand through the water, the silly girl. They could not find it, but do you know that the kind man never said a single angry word. When he saw how sorry she was, he went out and brought her the lovliest bouquet of flowers that could be got for money. “When she told us, every girl of us the school would have had him for a brother if we could. He never knew how many sisters he could have been possessed of if he had chosen.” "I think I could be as good as that, if you were the sister.” “But I would never lose anything of “Brother and sister call each other by their Christian names, do they not?” he asked. “Of course they do, Frank. Ella's brother calls her by all sorts of odd names.” “Sister Gay will be the name for me,” he decided. He ratified the relationship by kissing the little hand once more; then he watched her disappear through the door of her temporary home with the satis fied air of a man who has found some thing belonging to himself of which he (has long been in quest. When he got into his train there was only one person in it—an elderly lady of sixty-three, a lone and unprotected widow, with an extremely long, straight upper lip, a thin, pursed-up mouth, a religious nose, a knob of hair, small, but pugnacious, and the bump of acquisitiveness. . Opposite to this lady Frank took his seat, and her he regardede with a bland and beaming smile, being utterly un conscious of her existence and obli vious of her presence. “I was waiting for him to speak just one word,” she remarked, describing, the insult afterwards. “JuBt one word! And I’d have had damages out of him!” But for a gentleman to smile at a woman is not damageable, however enraging; so the culprit was enabled to keep his purse in his pocket. He did not mean to be rude. He was only thinking of his sister. The new relationship was duly pro claimed by the pair the next time they made their appearance at Mr and Mrs Rose’s hospitable door. The announce ment was received with becoming gra vity by Mr Rose. Possibly that gen tleman’s experience of life was of such a serious nature that the assumption of gravity was easy of compass to him. Mrs Rose, however, departed from the room in search of a jug of lemonade, and returned with the ghost of a laugh just vanishing from her comely face. They wondered what she meant. Gay introduced her brother at ■ Mrs Durables’ mansion, also. That lady re ceived him quite as graciously as could be expected, and remarked to Gay after wards that he seemed one of the “harm less sort,” her experience of mankind having naturally inclined her to sum marise the species into the numerous class of the violent, and the small class of the harmless. I "But you’d better keep Mm In his place, Gay. Ton never know what they turn out in the end," she added, shak ing: her head sepulcliraily, as she re called the vision of the misdirected flat So Gay kept him in his place, which appeared to include the office of family physician. In this capacity he pre scribed frequent afternoon walks for his sister and himself, to be taken in com pany with each other—a prescription which induced much merry talk, and tended to forgetfulness of such haunt ing shadows as hereditary instincts and treacherous friendships. Then there were Sunday evening visits to Mr Hose's house for the pur pose of keeping Mr Rose in spirits while Mrs Rose was at church—a duty they performed by strolling in and out among the flowers, oblivious of their host, who slumbered peacefully in his verandah chair. So that they found the fraternal and sisterly bond an immense gain and ad vantage. f They -would, no doubt, have remained brother aiid sister to this day but for an event -which upset all Mr Went worth’s preconceh’ed impressions, and caused him to repent of the bond into which he had entered with such readi ness and pleasure. This event was led up to by a return to the bosom of his family of Mr Dummies. It was a splendid summer afternoon, clear, cool and breezy—just the sort of afternoon to walk with one’s favorite sister through the gardens and along r the quieter streets for a constitutional. Frank knocked at the door of Mrs Has her boardinghouse, and afterwards at the door of Number 1 in the side street, according to directions received, where he discovered Gay busy shelling peas, in an apron of tremendous size. He wondered why she looked more dignified with her somewhat trying surroundings and occupation than many a court lady in full dress. “You truant!!” he said, reproachfully. xuu smu you were coming out. lou promised distinctly.” “So I am coming out,” slie answered; “coming out in the character of a pro mising (and performing) kitchen maid. I have found my vocation at last.” "But why this interest in, and atten tion to plants of the leguminosae spe cies, if one may as?” "Your education has evidently been neglected, or you would know that vege tables are an essential to every well regulated dinner. "With vegetables, the cold meat is a meal; without them, it is only a ‘snack,’ or ‘a bit of something.’ It is necessary to the enjoyment of our friend, Mrs Dumbles, that her evening repast should be a dinner rather than a snack, as often as possible,” she re plied, with an air of grave, preceptorial “Oh, this is Mrs Dumbles's place, is it ?” asked a voice. They looked towards the door. A man, powerfully built, of rough and dilapidated appearance, stood eying them curiously; then he walked in and seated himself without waiting for the ceremony of invitation. "Mrs Dumbles is my old -woman,” he explained. "I suppose you are my daughter, my dear.” he added, leering at Gay with an expression that made her shudder. “Why, lord ! I could have sworn to you anywhere. You feature me to a T.” Gay hoped within herself that the re semblance had not reached as far as A, much less T. If she “featured” this gentleman, one of her eyelids drooped permanently, the other was darkened temporarily, also her brow receded very AWSfcpifirS-ifeW.JlW ^hQPe.ftt.-thft.£tDeek in itself and as to its indications of character. She questioned Frank about the mat ter later on, and received the assurance that the likeness was a speaking one; but just now he was looking at the man as if he (Frank) would have liked to hit out straight from the shoulder. “Old woman seems comfortable off,” Mr. Dumbles remarked, “That clock cost fifteen and six, if a penny. Them chairs and side table cost money, and you could not get the looking-glass under a pound.” He seemed to lapse into a pecuniary reverie with a view to the realisation of future profit. "Come, Gay,” said Frank. “And what might your name be, my young gentleman?" Mr. Dumbles asked, suddenly rising to his position as host and master of the house. "Wentworth is my name,” Frank an swered. “Not son of Vincent Wentworth, of the Manning. River?” “Mr. Vincent Wentworth was my fa “Eh? Was that so? I knew all about your father, then,” said the man, with an expression half scheming, half de fiant, and all villainous. "He was mur dered by the hand of-” "Stop!” said Frank, stepping close to him, and looking into Mr Dumbles’ eyes with a look that that worthy did not venture to defy. “Don’t be peppery, my chappie. Look how you’re frightening the young lady! Looks quite pale, she does, the pretty creetur! You’d better let me go and get her a drop of whiskey.” Frank took Gay’s arm and led her out. Mr. Dumbles called after them hos pitably, “Look round some night, when you’ve a mind for a pleasant chat, sonny. I might be able to give you some news about your people.” “Here Is a deplorable turn of affairs,” said Gay, with a dismayed face, when the two were walking, away together. “Oh, that poor Mrs. Dumbles! What will she do?” Frank did not answer, and the two walked on in silence for some time. “Of what are you thinking, Frank,” Gay asked at last. “You have been twirling your moustache for the last five minutes. You have always some thing brilliant to say at the end of the operation, as I know by experience.” He smiled, and drew her hand within his arm, for it was growing dusk. “There are several ways of trwirllng a moustache,” Gay continued. “There is the supercilious twirl, as when a girl’s face and frock does not please the male fellow-creature; there is the conceited twirl he affects when he looks down up on other people from his own high opinion of himself; then there is the thoughtful twirl which comes on of it self, in which you have been indulging for some time. On the whble, I con sider that it takes a really clever, sen sible man to twirl a moustache nicely.” “I was only thinking whether this fel low could really tell me anything about my people.” “Has no one else ever told you any thing about them, Frank? None of your relatives, for instance?” “My relatives are all in New South "Wales. I have seen none of them since I was taken away from them nineteen years ago. My godfather, who brought me up, you know. Gay-” ■ “I remember." “He was always very reserved in the expression of his opinions concerning the terrible event which cost the lives of my father and mother. Ellen has been equally reticent, and life’sf tfairs, 1 including my examinations and jt» pre paration for them, have kept do* time and thoughts fully occupied. |iately, however, I have resolved to cofe to a full understanding and knowledgfOf all the circumstances of that sad mystery.’* “I think you are quite right t&>lo so, , Frank.” } j “I have two months’ leave of absence from ofllce, and have determinedFt) visit my mother’s sister who lives ir Port Macquarie; also to revisit myliative place.” f “Shall you be away for the wide of the tinie?” f “Very likely. Shall you missfcne at all, do you think?” he asked father tremulously. . I “Miss the best brother in the world? Why, of course, I shall miss you very very much.” He wished that she had been less ready to make the admission, ar.d a I little more shy about it. 