ALADY IN BLACK BY FLOaENcL WARDEN. CHAPTER VII. A STRtOGE FANCY. " What was that!" asked Mabin, with a shiver. She and Rudolph had both turned instinct. ively towards the spot whence the rustling noise had come. "A oat, most likely," answered Budolph. But Kabin shook her head. -*I saw something," whispered she. "It was not a oat, it was not an animal at all. It was a man." Perhaps Rudolph had had his suspicions, for he expressed no surprise. Before he could answer her, they heard the oraokling and the rustling again, but at a little dis tance. The intruder was making his way through the shrubbery. SWont you find out who it is?" whis. pared the girl again. Rudolph hesitated. " Perhaps I know," said he, shortly. "But if you wish, of course I can make sure." Then with evident relunotance, and taking no pains to go.noiselessly, he fo lowed the intruder threugh the bushes, and was in time to catoh a glimpse of him as he dis appeared over a part of the fence that was in a broken-down condition. Rudolph did not attempt to continue his mpursuit but contented himself with waiting ontihEai-ard the side gate in the garden wall of Stone House swing back into its place with a load creaking noise. Then he went back to Mabin. S-e was standing where he had left her, on the bread gravel path under the faded laburnum. The sha dows were very deep under the trees by this time. and In the half light her young face, with its small, delicate features, its dreamy, thoughtful eyes, full of the wonder of the world of the very young, looked so pretty that for the moment Rudolph forgot the errand on which he had been sent, and ap proeached her with no thought of anything but the beauty and the sweetness of her face. She, all unconsclous of this, woke him into recollection with one abrupt word. SWell p" "Oh," almost stammered he, "it was as I thought, the same person that I saw watching before." "And he went into our garden. I heard the gate," sali Mabin, with excitement. "It muatbe this MrBanks. Oh, who do you think he ist What do you think he has come for ?" Rudolph was silent. Even to the leaest curious or observant mind the oiroum stances surrounding both him and Mrs Dale could not seem other than mysterious. If he were a detective, and he aertainly did not look like one, surely he would not go to work In this ertravagant manner by rent;ng a large and expensive house merely for the purpose of watching his next-door neighbor. ,Neither, It might be supposed, would he set to work in suho a clumsy fashion as to be caught making his investigations at the very outset. Rudolph felt that the whole affair was a mystery to which he could not pre tend to have the shadow of a clue. He con feved this to Mabin. "I wish," he went on, in a gentle tone, "that I had known something of this be fore your father went away." "Why," asked Mabin in surprise, and with something like revolt in her tone. " Because I should have told him some thing, just enough, at any rate, to have made him take you away with him." Mabin was for a moment dumb with sur prise. " What," she stammered at last, " after all your talk about my being right to stand by my friend? " " Even after all that," assented Rudolph, with decisolan. "The matter is getting too serious," he went on gravely. "I am afraid myself of what may be going to happen." "Then." reT d the girl, "for all your k about es being exonusable in a iciennushan you., Rodolph "Ah," sid he, "you forget that with you it is only a question of your friendship for Mrs Dale. Now I have to think of both of you." " You need not trouble yourself about me, I assure you." " But this is jast what I must do, madam, even at the risk of your eternal displeasure," said Rudolph, with a mock heroic air which concealed real anxiety. "You are not only daring enough, you are too daring where your heart is concerned, and it is the business of your friends to see that you do not suffer for your generosity." He spoke with so much quiet decision, that Mabin was impressed and rather frightened, and it was with a sudden drop from haughtiness to meekness that she then asked: "What are you going to do then ?" Rodolph hesitated. " What I should like to do." said he, "Is to take you to my mother's-" Mabin almost screamed. " You wont do that," she said quietly, with her lips very tightly closed. "She would to very kind to you," suggested Rudolph, gently, pleadingly. He knew the prospect was not an enticing one, but he was not so quick as the girl to see all its disadvanages. "And don't you see that it would set them all saying the most dreadful things about poor Mrs Dale if I were to leave her suddenly like that! I shouldn't think oi such a thing. It would bh cruel as well as cowardly. Ehe would never be able to stay in Stone after that." "I don't think she will be able to stay in any case," said Rudolph, gloomily. " If she is persecuted by this spy on one hand, and by the old woman on the other, it isn't likely that she will be able to stay here long." A new idea flashed suddenly into Matin's mind and then quickly found expression : "Do you seuppose," she asked, "that this man, this Mr Panks, In paid by the old lady to spy upon Mrs Dle ? The old lady most Le very rich, I think, and she is eccentric, evidently. But R1dolph was inclined to think this idea far-fetched From what he had seen of the mysterious spy he had come to quite another conclnpion, one that at present he did not care to commonilcste to Mabin, for fear of alarming her nnnecessarily. "Of course, it is possible that the man may be a paid detective," admitted he, doubtfully; "but there was nothing of the ex policeman about your Mr Banks. And now," went on Rudolph, who for.nd Mabin -h k ~-i;i teresting mystery than the unknown man, "let us forget all about him for a little while, and go up to the old seat wuere the trees leaves off, before it gets too dark to see theses. You remember the old sea, and how we used to trespass to get at it. don't you ? ' M?abin blnshed a little. She remembered the old sat very well; an old broken-down bench, supported on the stumps of a couple of felled trtes, just on the edge of the pInta tton telonging to "The Towers." Beloc oaonventet'y near both to "Stone House and the Vlcarage. the children of both houses had established, in those far off years which Rudolph was recalling, a right to tread down the old fence at that partionular point, and to hold wonderful picnlos of butterscotch and sour apples. " We won't go up there now," she said, with a sudden demureness, which contrasted strongly with the eagerness she had shown whi'e discnsaing the persection of Mrs Dale. "It's getting dark, and rather oihd, I think and besides, I hope by this time that Mrs Dale may be ready to csee us ain" Rudolph felt snubbed. The girl's manner was so precise, so stiff, that it was Impos sible for him to understand that her sudden primness was only a relapse into her Innate, girlish modesty. He followed her without a ward towards the house, and there, just inside the portico, they saw lhe slight figure In black, looking like a pathetio vision in the gleaming, with its white, tear-stained face and slender, little, jewelled hands. "Well!' said Mre Dale. and her voIoe was hoarse and.brol en ; " I have been wait Ing her for yoa ?u onisring where yu had runes I bad almos$ begga go think5" ahe went on. with assumed playfulncs', which did not hide the faot that her fear had been real, "that you had ran away from me al together." M .bln lost her awkwardness, her stiffness, her shy, girlish reserve, in an instant. Moved by strong pity and affection, she took the two steps which brought her under the portlco. and stooping, flang her arms round the little figure, "You didn't - really I" the whispered, hoarerly. "Oh. I hope not, I hope not I" Mrs Dale oouli not answer. But Rabin felt her frame quiver from head to foot, and heard the sound of a stifled sob. Rudolph stepped noiselessly out into the garden again. l"My dear. my dear child," murmured Mrs Dale, when she had recovered some of her re!f.p'eseaon by a strong effort, " you would have been quite justified if you had gone. But I am glad, oh! so glad, that you have waited for me to drive you away." " You won't do that I" cried Mebln, start ing back, and seeing with surprise in the fair blue-eyed face an expression of strong reolutlon, " Aft',r pretending you were so gad to have me !" "It was no pretence bolieve me !" said Mrs Dale, with a sad little smile. " Bat I am obliged to send you away all the same. It would not be right to keep you here, now that I see the persecution I am to be subjected to still!" And her blue eyes flashed angrily as she spoke. But the next moment her face changed again, and she added, quickly: "I have deserved it all, I have no right to complain. Only-she might have spared you. 1 shouldhave done you no harm; you would have learned no evil from me, wicked as I am." The girl Interrupted her with a frightened face, and speaking in an eager whisper " Oh, hush, hush I You are not wicked. It is dreadful to hear you say such things I [ will not let you say them. You have the kindest hea:t in the world; if you have ever done wrong, you are sorry, bitterly sorry. Wicket people are never sorry. Let me ttay with you and comfort you if I can, by showing you how happy it makes me to be with you I' Mrs Dole shook her head. She did not, however, repeat in words her resolve that Mabin must go, though she guessed by the expression of her face that her mind was made up on the subject. Toey stood si!ently looking out at the soft beauties cf the twilight, the greens as they melted into greys blending in such a tender harmony of colour that the sight seemed to supply a balm, through tear dimmed eyes, to their heavy hearts. The scent of the roses came to them 'across the space of gravel, too, mingled with the pleasantly acrid perfume of the limes. Radolph's step, as he took advantage of the silence to thlrut himself again upon the notice of the ladles, startled them both. "Now you've spoilt it all;" cried Mrs Dale, In a tone which wee meant to be one cf light-hearted pleasantry, but which be. trayed too plainly the difficulty she had in assuming t. "The garden looked like a fairy picture till you rushed in and ruined the perspective. Aren't you going to apologise I" "No. The picture wanted human in terest, so I painted myself on the canvas, just to satisfy your artistic snaceptibilities. I am sorry to find you so ungrateful. I hope you, Mabin, have more appreciation I' But the girl's eyes were full of tears, and not being used to this light strain of talk, I she oould not answer, except by a few mumbled words, which had neither sense nor coherence. Mrs Dale put up her hand -she had to stretch it up a long way-and y smoothed the girl's pretty brown hair. " Dan't tease her," she said, softly. ' Mr t Booninoton, I mustn't ask you to dine with I us, but I would if I might."f " And why mustn't you ?" asked Rudolpb. " Well, because, in the miserably equivocal position I am in, it would be a pleasure-if r I may take It for granted that it would be a r pleasure to you, as it would certainly be to 3 me-dearly bought. The Vicar would c strongly disapprove; your mother wou'd be d shcckel beyond measure." 1 " BTt I shouldn'tmiondtbat.J. ura .on I've sho?ked my mother and exc ted the dis- I approval of my father so often that they t don't expect anything else from me. Be sides, I'm afraid you flatter yourself too 1 much in believing that you have such an enviable peculiarity; if you were to Issue C invitations to the whole perish to a garden. party, or a dinner, or anything you liked, I'm afraid you would be disappointed to find that everybody would come." "Perhaps they would think there was safety in numbers, and that fortified by the presence of everybody else, they could gaze at the monster in security i" suggested ders Dale with a smile. "In the meantime how much nearer must I get to invitoing myself to dinner this even. nug ?" said Rudolph, with a subdued voice and a meek manner. "Ah, well, for Rabin's sake then, I spare you the humiliation and invite you myself. You shall stay to amuse her, since I am afraid she would find me a very dreary com panion." "Indeed I shouldn't," cried Mabin, blush ing deeply and speaking with as much energy as if the presence of Rudolph were an injury. "I should like nothing better than an evening alone with you." Rudolph drew a deep sigh, and even Mrs Dale could not suppress a smile at the gihl's unoonscion gaucherie. WhenMablnresaised what a stupid thing she had said, she was of course too much ashamed of herself to laugh at her clumsy words, and fell, Instead, into a stiff silence which the others found it im possible to make her break except by demure monosyllabic answers. When they went into the dining-room, therefore, the evening did not promise to be a lively one. Mrs Dale seemed to find it impossible to shake off the effects of the visit of her persecutor. Rudolph was op pressed by fears for both the ladies, and by doubts whether his presence there was net an indiscretion which would make matters worse for both of them. While Mabin, per plexed and troubled by a score of unan. customed sensations, was the most silent, the most depressed of all. Daylight was still streaming in from the west as they took their seats at the table in the dingily-furnished room. Mrs Dale gave a litt!e shudder as she glanced from the "furnished housa " knives to the common place dinner service. " Ah I" she said. "It was not like this that I used to entertain my friends. My little dinners had quite a rspututlon-once 1" Then, as if she felt that these regrets were worse than vain, she turned the sabject abruptly, while a spasm of pain for the moment convulsed her face. Rudolph, on his aide, was sorry she had mentioned the " little dinners." They sug gested a past life in which there had been something more than frivolity; something with which he would have disassociated Mrs Dale if he could. But innocent Mabin, wishing to say something, brought the oon versation back to the point it had left. "But why can't you have pretty dinners now. if yon like to "r' Mrs Daeis's fair face grew whiter as she answered, gently "I will tell yon-presently- some day why I don't have anything pretty or nice about me now." Andt Mabin, feeling that she had touched a painful chord, became more silent than Perhaps It was her sudden subsidence into absolute gloom which caused the other two to make a great effort to restore something of animation to the talk, and, being both young and of naturally high spirits, they asucceeded so well that before the meal, which had begun so solemnly, was over, Mrs Dale and Rudolph were talking and laugh oing as if there had never been a shadow upon either of their lives. At first they made brave attempts to drag Mabiln Into the conversation; bht, as these efforts were in vain, it naturally ended in her being left out of the galety, and sitting entrenched in the gloomy silence of her own, And when dinner was over, and they all Swent into the little adjoining room which I Mrs Dale called her "den," it was quite oatsral that Mrs Dale should sit down sat ithe piano, in the good.natured wish to leave the young people to entertain each I other, and eqally natural that Rudolph, ou fladlq ti a blhad nothing to sipy to him and that aheo painlarl frigid in her manner, should go. over to the piano, and, by coaxing Mrs Dale to sing him his favourite songs and then hers, should oon Stinge the brick flirtation begun at the dinner table. I Habin had brought it all upon herself, and she tried to persuade herself that it was i quite right and natural, and that she did not mind; and when Rudolph was gone and she I was alone with her hostese, she snoceeded in convincing her that she had not felt c neglected, but had enj 'yed the merriment I she had refused to share. I But when she got upstairs into her pretty bedroom, after bidding Mrs Dale good-night, I she had the greatest difficulty in keeping back the tears which were dangerously near her proud eyes. She did not care for Rudolph, of course i not; she wanted him to fall in love with I Mrs Dale-if, indeed, he had not already i done so-and marry her and console her for I all her troubles, and stop the persecution of "the oat." Bat somehow this hope, this wish. did not give her all the unse'fish c sati,f action it ought to have done. And Mabin, wondering what had happened to take the prettiness out of the room and the pleasure out of her friendship with Mrs , Dale, fell asleep with her heart full of name. I less grief. - She awoke with a start to find a white [ figure standing motionless in the middle of the room. Mabin sprang up in bed and l rubbed her eyes. Was she awake Or was I she only dreaming that the body of a dead I woman, stiff, rigid, but in an upright I position, was standing like a marble statue between the bed and the nearest window ! i She leapt out of bad, and, not without un- I canny fears, touched the statuesque figure. I "Mirs Dale I " she almost shrieked, as the great eyes suddenly turned and fixed a 1l blank, wild gare upon her face. " Oh I what has happened? What is the matter "I The figure, which, in white night garments I had looked so unlike the black-robed widow I that she had not recognised it, trembled t from head to foot. The lips parted, but at I first no words escaped them. At last, with f a strong effort, Mrs Dale uttered these [ words: I " Let me stay here. Let me sit in this ( arm-chair till morning. Oh, I will not hurtl you, or frighten you. But if I go back I sha 1 go mad I This house Is haunted i haunted l I have seen- " t A hoarse rattle in her throat seized her, t threatened to choke her. With one wild glance round, peering into the oorners of the it room, she fang herself on the flor andIt buried her face in the chair. OHAPFER VIII. A HAUNTED HOUSS. Mabm was taken so thoroughly by sur prise, on seeing the wild self-abandonment 1 of her unhappy companion, that for a few v minutes she stood staring at the crouching a figure on the floor, like one only half g awake. Was this really Mrs Dale, this haggard, panting creature with the hoarse voice, the r twitching hands, the wide eyes fall of ua- y speakable terror P Mabin's sympathy was a ready, but at first she did not dare to offer I it. Such terrible anguish, such paralysing fear as that from which the miserable , woman was suffering, was something surely r beyond her poor pawers of comfort I And r even as the girl advanced timidly a step b nearer to her grief-stroken friend, there ni flashed into her mind the horrible question ti -What must this secret be, looked in the a widow's breast, which could throw her into r such paroxysms of abject terror F For, not v unnaturally. Mabin came to the conclusion B' that the vision which had alarmed Mrs ti Dale was one of the results of the remores from which she owned that she was suffer- e ing. 0 "Don'tl Don't sob like that I You will R make yourself ill ; yon will indeed. There is a: nothing, there is nobody here to frighten you," sail the girl at last, drawing a little b closer to the crouching figure, but not yet w daring to touch her, or to speak is. a tone I I louder than a whisper. fc had started, and raised her head quickly, hI turning to the girl's view a face so much r. altered, so drawn, so old- looking, that she a w hardly recognised the features of the h lovely widow. Then, when the voice t ceased, she glanced round the rao n again, Ih with the same hunted, anxious look as S before. II: " Nothing-nobody to frighten me I" she repeated in a shaking voice. "No, of course I se not, of cjurse not. hIw silly I have been. Ial I am afraid I frightened you, dear, with my yI dreams, my silly fancies I" She struggled, as if worn out and ex. hausted by her emotion, to gain her feet. I, T.midly, gently, Mabin helped her to rise. sIo "I'm very glad I was here," answered y Mabin, in kindly tones that sent a shiver of grateful recognition through her agi-. A tated companion. "Do you feel better now P" I fI "Yes, oh, yes, I am all right. I am not g ill. I am so much ashamed of myself fir disturbicg you. Idm'tknow how to apolo-. w giee," answered Mrs Dale, trying bravely to speak in her usual tone, but glancing at i the door, and then back to the window, as she uttered the words. "It must have y been a dream, of course, that frightened t; me." And then, quite suddenly, she broke " down again, and slipping from the support- o ing arm of her young companion, she threw i herself into the wicker arm-chair, and y burst into a passion of tears. Uncertain what to do, Mabin, in her sympathy and " kindness, did exactly the right thing. She drew another chair beside the wicker one, eat ,down in it, and putting her right arm round Mrs Dale's shoulder, and hold- h ing the poor lady's trembling fingerain her t own, remained in perfect silence until the first ebullition of violent grief had passed I away. If "I shall never forget your kindness, child, never," said Mrs DPle, when, as suddenly as I it had begun, her passion of tears ended. "You have saved me from going mad, yes, mad. I-I must leave you now, or you p won't got any rest." She rose as she spoke, but Mabin saw that i the panic of terror which had been upon her at her entrance was regaining its hold upon her as she approached the door. With her fingers on the handle she stopped, and seemed once more to grow rigid with fear. Malsbin was by her side in an instant. "Stay here," she said. "You will have I the dream again, perhaps, if you go away by yourself." At these words a shiver ran through Mrs Dale, and she faltered. "It must have been that gloomy room I ' she said at last, in a whisper. "And the effot of her visit ! But it will kill me If it comes again!" Suddenly she turned to Mabin. "May I lie on the sofa until the morning ? " she asked, piteously. "I won't disturb you. I feel as if I should be safe from-it- in here with you ! " The wistful pleading in her eyes brought the tears to Mablo's. "Of. course yon muast stay," she cried, heartily. "And I do hope you will get to sleep, and not have any more dreams. Very quietly Mrs Dale lay down on the coucnoh between the windows. and, drawing the scfa blanket over her, and refusino any ether covering, she closed her eyes. Mobin knew that this apparent tranquility was assumed only, and she placed herself on the bed in such a position that she could watobh her friend, while appearing to be herself asleep. Thus she waited and watched in silence. Before many minutes had passed she saw, from between half-closed eyelashes, that Mrs Dale was sitting up, and bending her head in a listening attitude. And presently the slender figure, with its white dressling.gown, Sslipped softly off the sofa and hurried on tip toe across the floor to the door. There it knelt down and listened again. And after a few minutes Mrs Dale turned the key In the look, and crept back, not to the cobh, I but to the armchair. SMabin ashuat her eyes, and tried to disen Stangle the knot of strange ideas that filled Sher brain,. . What was the nature of the secret whichb Sweighed on the conscience of Mrs Dale? \- Whywa she kept in luxury by the very woman who tried to make her life qsb -r. -; able, to out her off from every human friend ? What was the strange tie between the hard, 1 elderly woman and the impulsive, volatile i young one? What was the vision which had caused her so much distress! And, E above all, why, if it was only a vieaon, did I she try to keep it away by looking the I door! And why-and why-- More questionse surged up in her tired brain; but Mabin E forgot them as they rose. She fe!l asleep. When she awoke in the morning it was to a find that someone was knocking at the door, I and then she heard the housemaid's voiooe announcing that it was eight o'clock. She sprang up, and looked towards the sofa ; but there was no one but herself in the room. Surely, she thought, the strange visit of the night must have been a dream. The t rug on the sofa was neatly folded, just as it had been when she came up to bed last night. Not a sign was to be seen of any in trnsion during toe night. Even when she went downstairs and met Mrs Dale in the hall, there was little to tell of the experience of the hours of dark ness. Perhaps the pretty widow looked a little paler than usual, but in every other ) respc; ashe was the same airy, impulsive h oreature, now smiling, now looking sad, as she had been before the dreadful visit of the lady whom Irreverent Mabin called "the oat." It was not, indeed, until breakfast was r over, and they had gone out into the garden to cuat some flowers while the dew was on them, that either of the ladies made. any reference to the events of the night. Mrs Dale, with one daintly-shod foot in a flower-bed, was stretching out her hands to wards a baush of sweet peas, when, without turning her head, she said- "I am in great trouble about you, b Mabin." "Are you Why, Mrs Dale! " I don't quite know what to do with youn If I send you to Mrs Bonnington, I shall have to tell some shocking tarradiddle about the drains having to come up, or the roof having given way, and she will be sure to find me out and to pry, and to give both of us what the old women call ' much un pleasantness.' And if I send you on to Geneva, I don't know whether they will be glad to see you when you arrive." g . And I'm sure they won't," said Mabin, heartily. "And there is one other objeo. t tlon to sending me anywhere, and that is b that I won't go." b " a Mrs Dale dropped her sweet peas, and turned round. Her eyes were fall of sudden tears. " Nonsense, child," she said, sharply, but in a querulous tone which betrayet her emotion, "nonsense. It was decided yester day afternoon that you were to go. You h know it was." " You decided that I was to go, I didn't. And--" Instinctively she dropped her 1 voice. "And something that happened last night-in the night, made nec decide not to a go. There!' " But, my dear--" 'No. Mrs Dale, I'm not going to be 'got round.' You've chosen to take me upon t your shoulders, so now you must just keep oi me. Ha ! ha I You didn't know I had so much determination, di3 you !" But Mrs Dale could soarely rpeak. Now for the first time that morning Mabin realised that the scene of 'the night had b, really taken place, for the emotions aroused w by this little bit of talk had brought back a into Mrs Dale's blue eyes a faint reproduc. tion of the wild terror ashe had vI shown when she cime to the girl's r rcom. When she had recovered her voice, the lady in black, pale. hoarse, a shaken with her agitation, stammered out oI these words "My dear girl, it is beautiful of you to I offer to stay. But I cannot let you. You ought never to have come. I was mad, hi wicked to let you come; but my madness and my wickedness I must bear alone." g, H'w strange these words seemed in the broad daylight, Mabin thought. By the \ weak glimmer of the night-light Mrs Dale's wild looks and wos had seemed fa fantastic, weird. Buat the- ' euulght hung about the poor littlo y in black a reality as vivid as it was painful. But 8t with this feeling there cams also into the w heart of the young girl a great tenderness towards the suffering woman who was sc haunted by the shadow of her own past. to So she smiled, and, with a p:etty, half shy look in her eyes, said- - "You told me I saved you from going at mid, so I mean to stay; and I mean to to sleep in the same room with you, so that you shall not be frightened any more." d Mrs Dale shook her head. ' I can't let you do that," said she. "I ki don't sleep very well, and sometimes I start up and cry out I should frighten el you.",U 'Then we will exchange rooms," said fc Mabin. T By the look of joy and relief which te flashed over Mrs Dale's facr at this sug gestion Mabin eawthat ash had conquered. °n "Bat-won't you be afraid?" asked the gi widow, in a troubled voice. "What ! of a ghost, a vision, or of havy al ing bad dreams P No, not a bit." a: Mrs Dale glanced gratefully at the pi young face, with its look of robust. Philis- P tine scorn of phantoms. "It' is a temptation," she murmured; m "f )r, after all, I know, I knote that it was m only a dream, a horrible dream, and there si is no fear that the dream will come to g you." "And if it did," retorted Mabin, stoutly, be "it wouldn't frighten me. I'm too Of 'stodgy a' I have no imagination." w Mrs Dali smiled sadly. - " You are right," she said. "If you did w have the same dream it wonud have no re terrors for you. Your conscience is clear." sl " And my digestion good," added Mabin, lightly, as she picked up the fallen h flowere and put them in her basket. ai There was no doubt that her refasil to n go had taken a load of melancholy from n the shoulders of her hostess, who sent the a young girl out for a walk as soon as the sl gathering of. the flowers was over, and charged her not to go far enough to tire q her still weak aukle. el Mabin, with a book and a sunshade, P sauntered slowly down the hill to the h nearest gap in the cbff, and went down the a deep descent to the sands. This was no g paradise of nursemeids and babies, but a t solitary nook, beloved by quiet maiden II ladies and sentimental couples. With rash disregard of the danger of sitting under a I chalk cliff, Mabin found a seat on a rook q worn smooth by the sea, opened her book, t aisd bega--non to read. The circumstances in which she found d herself were far too interesting for her to t be able to give herself up to the milder ex citements of fiction. She sat with her open g book o her lap and her eyes staring out at a the sea, wbich was vividly blue in the sun- 5 shine, when she became suddenly conscious ia of a footstep she knew in her immediate I noigborhood. h Although she affected to be surprised when Rudolph appeared before her, she had known that he wos approaching, and her heart began to best very fast. He I looked down ar her between the spikes of t her sunnshade, pretending to be afraid to a speak to her. ' 'ood morning," said she at hast. "I was wondering whether I dared say the same thing i" "Dared ?" "Yes. After your treatment of me last night, I felt nervous." ' "My treatment of you I What treat-t ment" " "Why were you so ankind P Or mustn't I ask why 1" "You may ask, of course. But I can't give you any answer, because I didn't know that I was unkind." . ' I wish I could believe that." "Well, if jou won't believe it, I have a nothing to say." I RAdolph was silent a few minutes. Then, with a burst of explosive energy, he I made up his mind. " No i" he cried, so loudly that Mabin I started, as he threw himself down on the 1 sands beside her, "I will net be daunted I i will enoase myreif in double arnub-proof usumor plates, anu4 X wi tr7 to teach her ? hat, be dignified it is not necessary to be unkindnd-and-yes, I will say it- abso lutely rude." Mabin became crimson, and the tears started to her eyes. She had not meant to be rude, but undoubtedly her behavior had laid her open to this accusation. "I am stup:d, clumsy; I am rude with. out meaning it," she said in a tone of such excessive humility and penitenoe that it was impossible to doubt her sincerity, "I am very sorry. But you shouldn't take any notice of what I do or say. Nobody does at home. When I am more awkward and tiresome than usual, they always say 'Oh, it's only Mabin I' and then nobody minds." "Ah, well, I can't quite feel like that that it's only Mabin. When one likes a person, and wants to be good friends, very good friends with that person, just as one used to be when that person and oneself were little things in short frocks and knickerbockers, it is very disheartening to feind that person determined to be-er-to be-er-so reserved that when one site beside that perncn, as I did last night, you know, she will only let one see so much of her right ear as to practically turn her back to one 1" "I didn't ! ' "You did though. And it is what you were doing again just now until the hor ror of hearing the truth made you.turn round to fly at me I You did turn your back upon me last night, Miss Rose, and you hurt my feelings." " Indeed, you did not seem to be hurt. You seemed to be enjoying yourself very much I" "Well, so I was, in a way. But I should have enjoyed myself much more if you had been as nice as you were in the garden." Mabin heaved a deep sigh. "It's no use expecting me to be nice,"she I said in a voice of despair, "I can only manage it so very seldom." c " Well, could you hold-out some signal, such as by wearing a ,artioular flower, or I colour, or some especial knot of ribbon, to let a follow know when he may speak to youen without being snabbed! "No, I couldn't," retorted Rabin with great fierceness, but with a twinkle of fan in her grey eyes, which gave greater hopes l than her words did. "It is of no use for me to promise more than I can perform. You had better look upon me as a decidedly dis- v agreeable person, with rare moments of proper behaviour." " Proper behaviour, then, means niceness? i I'mgladyonthinkitproper to be nice tome I' said Rudolph. "Iperceive that I've lighted I upon one of the rare ' moments,' and I'm t going to take advantage of it," he added, as he came a little nearer to her, and looked ! up in her face with a glance of amusement a and admiration which made her blush a t little. " I am going to make you talk tome, and amuse me, as you were to'd to do last s night.", "No I It was you who were told to c amuse me 1" "Was it? Well, we'll take it in turns a then. DT you remember who taught you t cricket,"e " Yes; oh, yes." " And in what a rage you used to be when I you were caught out!" "Yes." answered lMjabin. "Iremember; but I don't want to talk about cricket. I b want to tall you something. Mrs Dale has g a fanoy that ' The Towers' is haunted." And she related the adventure of the pre vious night, and her intention of changing rooms with her hostess. Rodolph listened gravely, and there was a pause when she had finished before he made any comment. Then he said, abruptly : " You are not nervous, are you, Rabin? I know you used to have no end of pluck." " Well, I haven't any less than I ever had." " Well, if you do change rooms, you have o got to be prepared to see the ghost yourself." o " You make me feel rather-rather creepy o What do you really think I saall see ? b "A face at the window, probably. The face of the spy from your house. What I Oei;? san shejeave seenf' 'auasn seondiersea .'monsnt. "I'll risk it!" she orled.at lest. "I ° shan't go to bed at all. I shall sit up and P watch." "I wish you would. We should find out r something if you had the strength of mind to do that. Not without a wild beating of the hear, Rabin undertook the task of holding the P strange night-watch, without saying a word to Mra Dale of her intention. "She thinks she only had a dreadful dream, you know," said Rabin. "Well," replied Rudolph, "I want to know what sort of a dream you will have." He had to admire the courage she showed in undertaking a risk which was, as she expressed it, "rather shuddery," for when he left her at the gate of "The Towers," she was still steadfast in her in tention. It was not until after dinner that even ing that Mrs Dale introduced the young girl to the apartment she was to oocupy that night. Rabin was astonished at its dinginess, its gloominess, contrasting sa strongly as they did with the fresh prettiness of the room which had been pre pared for herself. It was a large rquare room, with a mouldy, old-fashioned wall-paper, on whiobh unnatural pink roses climbed up a succes sion of thin hop-poles. The pictures were groups of trees, done with the pencil in the woolly early Victorian manner, and stiff bouquets, in water-color, of conventional early Victorian iwers. The bed, which was hung with green curtains, occupied an undue space i and Rabin felt that, in the weird circumstances of her tenancy of the room, she would have died rather than sleep in that funereal erection. When Mrs Dale had kissed her and bade her good-night, after receiving Mabin's assurances that she did not feelin the least nervous, the young girl felt astrong incli nation to follow her friend out of the room, and to implore her to find her some other sleeping-placee. ot By a valiant effort, however, she oon quored this weakness, and made a osrefrl I survey of her surroundings. In the first place, the windows and their fastenings had to be examined. They were carefully secured, and were both so high above the ground that it would have been impossible for an intrader to reach them without a ladder. There were three doors; and at first -abin was inclined to regard this as a dis -uieting circumstance. But on finding that two of them were unused, locked, and with out a key, and that there Was a bolt on the door by which she had entered, she began to feel more at ease. Exrhanging her frock for a dressing gown, and providing herself with a book, sheplaced herself in an arin?chair which stood near the fireplace, which, although shabby, was suflieciently comfortable, and, putting her candles ona small table beside her; settled herself to read. Her book was a novel of excellent type, not too olever to be charming, not so commonp'ace as to be dull. Much to her own surprise, she got interested, and forgot, or almost forgot, the vague fears which keptherin the arm chair, instead of in bed. She was in the very heart of the book, when a sound, a very slight sound, behin her back, caused the blood almost to rea in her veins. It was a soft, stealthy tread. Looking round, half paralysed with terror, she saw that the door was ajar, ani that creeping softly round towards the iso side handle was the long, thin hand of a man. (To be Continued.) 