CURRENT TOPICS The I-lospital Board and the Pre inter.- WhVen one of the members of the Launceston H1-ospital Board at its meeting last evening was drafting a resolution dealing with the Premier's proposal to admit hospital stores into the colony duty free in return for a re duction of £200 in the Government grant to the institution, he, had occa sion to ask if the Premier was the official head. "He usurped it," ejacu lated another member, while an ex planation of a more diplomatic nature was vouchsafed by another to the effect that the Chief Secretaily, was the head, but the Premier conducted the correspondence. In other words, it would seem that the Premier, so far from being a sort of Tasmanian Poo bah, is only the Chief Secretary's sec retary. Be this as it may, the board of management of the Launceston Hos pital complain strongly of his action in. varlying the terms of their agree ment before two years have elapsed since its ratification, and last evening wired to their chairman (hon. G. T. Collins, M.L.C.), who is at Hobart at tending to his Parliamentary duties, an emphatic protest against Sir Ed ward Braddon's procedure. A 'Tasmanian Invention.-Some time ago Mr. T. Clemnnts, superintendent of the Launceston Benevolent Asylum, invented a pneumatic false collar for horses, the object of which, is to avoid sore shoulders. Later on Mr. A. E. Evershed, local agent 'of the India rubber and Gutta Percha and Tele graph AWorks Company, of Silver Town, became interested in the invention, and took steps towards getting it patented and introduced to the world. The collar is made of indiarubber, and con sists of two air chambers, which are lightly inflated from valves at the upper ends. It has deep flanges on the for ward sides to permit of its being fitted in under the' ordinary collar without addling to the bulkinress of the latter to any appreciable extent. The air cham bers adapt themselves to any shape of shoulder. The bottom ends are made open, and can be tightened with a lace or strap, so that the collar may be placed upon a horse of any size. The solid portions of the flanges are per forated in order to allow ample vetn tilation. The advantages claimed over the ,ordinary collar are that the pneu matic invention does not absorb the perspiration, and the tough rubbor does ,not chafe like the canva:s collar. The pneumatic article will also admit of any ordinary collar being used in coin nection with ,it. The invention of Mr. Clements has already been tried on horses in and about Launceston, and has given general satisfaction. Yes terday afternoon a party of gentlemen tested the appliance on a. couple of cab horses with satisfactory results. The animals were driven to St. Leonards and back-a distance of eight miles and travelled with great ease all the journey. No chafing or extra heating was observable, and from all appear ances Messrs. Clements and Evershed have good reason to be satisfied with the invention, which, it may be added, has been patented in Australasia, Eng land, an'd America. The false collar should save the hard-worked horse a very great amount of misery, and should therefore specially recommend itself to the authorities of the S.P.C.A. Dr. Drake.-The surgeon-superinten dent of the Launceston Hoepital (Dr. Drake) is expected to arrive in Tas mania in two or three weeks. During his visit to the old country he han, it is gathered from his letters, gained a good deal of valuable information, among other things, on the most ap proved systems of lighting hospitals, and this being so, it has been deemed advisa.ble by the committee of the board of management to defer further consideration of the question of im proving the lighting of the Launceston Hospital until his return. Why is Magic Soap the best ever offered to the Tasmanian public? Be cause-it is! Fancy Fair.-The fair which was opened on Wednesday afternoon at the Tamar-street Church. in aid of the organ fund was continued yesterday afternoon and last evening. The at tendance on both occasions was fairly -good, and the takings for the two days amounted to about £25. In the even ing a short programme of instrumental music was rendered. City Mission Hall.-Last evening there was a crowded attendance at the City Mission Hall on the occasion of a gospel temperance meeting, which was presided over by Mr. Fred. Clerke. A good address on temperance was given by Mr. J. Crookes, and the fol lowing also took part.- Recitations, Mrs. Craib, Miss Rollards, Messrs. G. Britton, and W. Rose; solos, Mrs. Smith, Miss Craib; duet, Misses Raw son. The Bible class boys also gave a reading, and at the close eight signed the pledge. Band of Hope.-The monthly meet ing of the Memorial Church Band of Hope was held last evening, when the school-room, was crowded. Mr. R. :Foot presided. A good .prqgramme of vocal and instrumental music was ren dered by Misses Stephenson, Smith, Williams, and Mr. Steele; recitations were given by Misses Fisher, Tyson, Kerrison, Walmsley, Masters Collins, Dawkins, Wilson, William, and Mr. Britton. Eight signed the pledge at the close of the meeting. Police Court.-At this court yester day Charles Ronald Young, 22, was fined 5s or 24 hours for being drunk and incapable the previous night.-A charge against an orchardist for having failed to remove bandages from fruit trees was withdrawn on payment of 2s Gd costs.--Two men,for furious riding on the Wellington road, were each fined 5s with 2s Gd costs. Mr. E. Whitfeld, P.M., occupied the bench. Salvation Army.-At the Salvation Army Barracks last evening Captain T. Tillbrook delivered a lecture on the his tory of his life and East London. There was a good attendance, and the captain, who has a happy and entertaining style, very quickly gave a graphic sketch of life in the east end of London, and how the poor live. After dealing with his experience in the old country he delivered an interesting and somewhat humorous address on his career in New Zealand, in which colony he joined the Army, being initi a.ted in Gisborne. Some of his re marks caused much laughter,and he was frequently applauded, the lecture being much appreciated by those present. Tenders.--Tenders are invited for certain assets in the assigned estate of Mr. Edward Williams, bootseller, of Brisbane-street. The stock is said to be in splendid condition, and satisfac tory arrangements can be made with regard to the premises. All particulars are obtainable from Mr. C. J. Inglis, accountant, St. Johrn- street. Geelong Convention.--The passenger list of the s. Coogee, which left for Melbourne yesterday, included Mr. R. Marshall, City Missionary, Dr. M. W. Gutteridge, and several other delegates, who are proceeding to Geelong to be present at the convention which is held annually. The Rev. E. Harris, of the Tabernacle, and several other ministers from various parts of the island have proceeded to Victoria by previous steamers to attend the convention. Police Protection on the Windmill 1Hill.-Several of the Aldermen yester day paid a visit to the Windmill Hill with a view of inspecting the sites sug gested as being suitable for erecting quarters for a police constable on the Hill. This matter was b'ought before the City Council at a recent meeting, the "ghost" scare having been the means of giving it prominence. After touring the locality the Aldermen seemed almost unanimous in selecting a rather rough corner of St. George's Square for the purpose, and will pno bably recommend the Council to autho rise the erection there of aneat residence for the constable charged with the maintenance of law and order in this portion of the city. It was felt that this position would be a very suitable one, inasmuch as the site commands an excellent view, which would give the officer the power of exercising a con siderable amount of stay-at-home super vision in addition to that he would effect in the course of his daily rounds. Deloraine Municipal Council. - A vacancy having occurred in the Delo raine Municipal Council through the death of Mr. Hart a requisition, signed by 29 electors, has been presented to Mr. Caleb J. L. Smith, asking him to allow himself to be nominated for the office. Mr. Smith has consented, and his reply, together with the requisition, will be found in another column. An old party recently decided to give Magic Soap a trial on washing day, and has been exclaiming ever since, "Well, I never would have believed it." Pepper and Perrin.-This firm in an advertisement in this issue bring under the notice of the public that they have a large stock of men's and boys' cloth ing, prices for which are quoted. Tas manian clothilng, made from pure wool, is also a specialty at this establish ment. Debating Society.-The usual lweekly meeting of the Launceston Parliament ary Debating Society will be held to night, 'the Speaker taking the chair at eight o'clock, when the debate on the Education Amendment 13ill will be resumed. Ladies and the general public are invited. The H-louse Commnittee meet at half-past seven. "Church Messenger."-Tlhe Septem ber issue of this polulanr magazine is now ready, and in' addition to an illus tration of the Huon river contains articles on "Union andl Unity," "Her Majesty's Gambling Den," and other matters of general interest. Union Jack Gymnasium Club.-There was a large attendance at St. Johln's school-room last evening, when the Union Jack Club gave its final open night performance for the season. Canon R. C. Nugent Kelly occupied the chair. The following programme was gone thlroigh by 30 of the members: Running and phOlysical drill, sqluad of parallel bars, dumb-bell exercises, i:n fantry and cavalry sword drill, squad and Roman rings, wand drill, club swinging, Balaclava melee, squads, and loose play, etc. In addition Miss B3. Lawson, Messrs. A. Kitt and A. Castley contributed harmony. Miss Whitelaw acted as accompanist. The chairman, prior to the close, addressed the mem bers, who were on the floor, and com plimented then on the excellence of their drill, and also the instructor, Sergeant-Major Welsh. He' said that the club now numbered 150 working members in .all branches, and its suic cess was largely due to the energetic manner in which thle officers load worked togethe:r. Mr. Kelly expressed regret at the departure from Launces tan of Mr. S. Spurling, who since the formatio; n of the club had occupied thfe position of leader. On Friday evening, September 25, the junior male divisioi' will give its first and only ,open-night this season, and on October 1 a social will be held in the Mechanics' Institute as a finale to the season of the Union Jack Club. Home Missions.-A meeting in con nection with the Wesleyan Home Mis sion Society was held in the Wesleyan Church, Cressy, on Tuesday evening. "'he attendance (writes our own cor .espondent) was somewhat smaller than is usually, the case in connection with those meetings here. The Rev. J. Stafford' read the annual. report, and delivered a stirring address on home mission work. Collections were taken up on behalf of the funds, and the meeting closed with the benediction. Auxiliary Forces. - Major Wallack, oflicer commanding the Auxiliary Force, paid his first official visit to Cressy on Tuesday night, and inspec ted the local detachment of the Esk Company, and put them through manual, firing, and company drill. He afterwards addressed the men, and complimented them upon their steadi ness of drill and tout ensemble. It was gratifying tha.t the oflicer in charge and the men took so deep an interest in the movement. Captain Archer and Lieutenant Archer accompanied Major AWa.llack from Longford. Citizen Soldiers.-The Grammar School boys have recently formsed a cadet corps, on the: roll of whichi are now some 30 names. The officer coim manding is Mr. H. Gillett, one of lhe principals, who has had a. lot of ex perience in the old country, where lie took an active part in volunteering. The drill instructor :is Sergeant-Major Welsh, and under his guidance tli corps, which is attached to the Laun ceston Artillery, is making very satis factory progress. These young citizen soldiers wear a neat uniform of black scerge with scarlet facings, and are not a little proud, and justifiably so, of their smart appearance in it when on parade. They have been supplied) by the Governmen.t with Martini-Henri c.arlyines, to store which they have had a neat rack made, with sliding doors, and in this they are placed after drill and keplt under lock and key. On Monday and Thursday mor'n ings in every week the drill instructor attends the school and puts the cadets through their facings. Theyv tnke great interest in the work, which, with the exercise of discipline, cannot fail to have a beneflicial elfect upon them, in addition to fitting them when they attain the dignity of manhood to enter a volunteer regiment and take their places in it creditably without having to go through the various etages which come between the position of a raw recruit and that of an efficient citizen soldier. This is the third corps of this nature in Launcosten that Sergeant-Major Welsh has traincd-tlhe other two being the Rifle Cadets, formed in 1SS3, and! the Cadet Coips at the High School. Heon. John Henry.-The "N.W Post" understands that it is the intention of a number of the leading residents of tihe electorate of East Devon, and principally those residing ait Latrobe, to tender a banquet to Mr. John Henry, M.HI.A., on his return from a trip to the, old country. The banquet is to take place at Latrobe, but the date, owing to the exact day of Mr. HIenr'y's return to Hobart not being known, has not yet been definitely fixed. You will make no mistake if you ask for Magic Soap. Organ Recital at Longford.- Our correspondent remports:-An organ re cital was given in Christ Church on Wednesday evening by the organist and choir, assisted by several friends, when, considering the threatening state of the weathir, there! was a fairly good attendance. After the singing of a hymn and pirayer, a proglamme was contributed to by Mirs. Cartwright, Misses B. Edwards, F. Crack. L. M. Jones, Wright, Messrs. A, I-I. H. Haring ton, F. Wachtershauser, A. W. Biggs, and Dr. J. F. Anderson. During an interval a collection was taken up in aid. of the church management fund, amounting to, between £2 and £3. The pronouncing of the benediction by the Rev. H. J. Edwards terminated the re cital. "British Born."--Latrobe was visited by the Westward Ho Dramatic Com pany from Delora~ine on Wedlnesday night, when they appeared in the Odd fellows' I-Hall to a good audience. About £10 was taken at the doors, and as the proceeds, less expenses, are in aid of the cycling track being made here, a substantial sum. will be handed over to the promoters, from whom the com pany deserve many, thanks for their kindness. The. piece selected was that grand patriotic drama "British Born," which was given to the satisfaction of the audience, and should the company appear here again they may be assured of well-merited support. Their ren dering of "British Born" stamps them above the general ru1 of amateums. Correspondent. Band of I-lope at Barrington.--The annual tea and meeting in connectioni with the Band of Hope was held in the Wesleyan Church. on \Vednesdavy even ing, the building being packed. Our own correspondent rieports that a very good programme was giveni, consisting of recitations by Misses Pullen, Ocklin, LI. Smith, F. Packett, and Mr. C. Cocker; solos amnd d?cts by the Misses Acklin, Mr. G. Pullen, and Rev. Ed wards; a quartet by Misses Bnrratlt and Pullen; a reading by Miss Packett; and an instrumental duet h'y Messrs. A. Russell and A. Feby. The chair man, Mr. Pullen, kept the meeting in splendid order. A coffee supper closed the proceedings. Entertainments at Waratnlah.--A con cert in connection with the WVcsleyan Churclm circuit fund was held in tile Oddfellows' Hall, Wa-ratah, on Satur day evening; Mr. J. E. Stevens cccu pying the chair. A very pleasint andl carefully arranged programme was rendered, the following ladies and gentlemen contributing itet's:-Mes dames Craig, Vial, Davies, and 'Tilley; Misses Here, M'Crae, Vial, and Satrine; Miessrs. Nichols, Hodgman, Whyman, Godwin, Franklin, Mee, Camps, Hooker, Richards, Eastman, Poole, Littler, and Wathen; Rev. Dr. Craig, and Rev. W. R. Featonby. The choir, underi tlhe conductorship of Mri. D. Nichols, rendered sevceral choice selections. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded Misses Mea and Nichols for armanging the .entertainment and conducting the singing.-The Walataht Literary Asso ciation held its usual fortnightly meeting on TuesdaLy evening; Mir. J. Hart occupying the chair. Misses Colegreur and Vial opened with a pianoforte duet. Rev. Dr. Craig opened a discussion on the question, "Does the true patriot consider his own country superior to all others." Dr. Brewvis, Messrs. Riseley, Vial, and Wathen took part in the debate. The question was decided' in the negative. Dr. Brawis gaveaninterestingreading from "The Bonny Brier Bush." Several new members were elected, and a special committee appointed to arrange next meeting. A vote, of thanks to the chair man, closed the meeting. Suppression of Gaming Bill.-Re garding the Bill for the Suppression of Gambling, now before Parliament, I have heard (writes our Scottsdale correspondent) several residents ex press great surprise at the manner in which our member is reported in the press to have voted, his namne being found recorded as having voted for the third reading. Hlis action in so voting, in the face of his reply to a. question puet to him in our Mechanics'. while lie was visiting this district in company with the Premier, require.s, in the opinion, of a good many, an explana tion, which he may be. able to give, as lie did ,regir:litng his vote on the Agri cultural Bill. VWhen lie comles again amnonlgst us he is, I am told, to hbe asked the' why and the wherefore of his latest vote re Tattersall's. Obituary.-A vetelran missionary of the Roman Catholic Church. ill Aus tralia. died at St. Ignantius's Presbytery, Richmond, on Friday last, in the. per son. of the Rev. Duncan M'Na.b. Father M'Nab was a Scotclunan by birth, and in the early years of his ministry he wrote a life of St. Patrick, his ob ject being to claim as a, countryman the paItron saint of Ireland. Coming to Australia, hlie, was located for a time at Dendigo, but early in the seventies he set out to Queensland on missionary work among the blacks. Afterwards lie la.buored in the Noithern 'Telrritory and in West Australia, until some few years ago the rigours of the climate and the hardships incidental to the calling undelinmiied his lealthi, and compelled him to retire. Fatlher Ml'Nab"s work amongst the blacks was (states the "Argus") very succcssful, and 1he lived on the moot fr;iendly terms with them. In 1890 two Trap pist l3rothers, sent out to report on the prospects of establishing a. mission on. the a'rea. reserved in West Australia for the aborigines, fell in with the tribe amongst. whom Father M'Nah hadil l:iboured years before. The blacks fled in dismay, but learning afterwards that the newcomers were brothers of their oll pastor, they camle back to the cnmip, bearing piesents of crabs antd fish. There are soaps and Soaps, but when you get through experimenting come back, as everybody does, to Magic Soap, which does all and more than is claimed for it. Proe- tlrade Victory.-'The. return of Mr. Phaircz Phillips for the Northi Western Province of Victoria (writes the "Argus'" Horsham correspondent) may fairly be regarded as a signifi cant free-trade demonstration on the part of tlre. province. Mr. iDuncan, whose fiscal declaration had up to that time been. all that could be desired, in answer to a question at Horsham, said that lhe favoured "free-trade. be tween the colonies and protection against the world." Great capital was male of this amongst the fa.rmers by his opponients, and scores of votes, both in the towns and the country, were lost to him, many who had been strongly supporting him refusing to vote for a confessed protectionist. Mr. Phillips was most uncompromising on the fiscal issue. He was, and had been ever since he could think, lie said at Flor shaim, on Tuesday, a free-trader. Nine years ago he had contested Borung in the, free- trade interest, heing one of only eight candidates who on that occasion had the courage to avow themselves for free-trade. He pledged himself to do all in his power to secure remission of duties, and to bring about free-trade, not with the other colonies only, but with the world. These statements were loudly cheered, and were telegraphed throughout the province with excellen.t result. The heavy vote cast for Mr. Phillips in the mining centres is regarded here as most encouraging to the cause of tariff reform. Telegraphic Conference.-A letter has been received hiv the Victorian Premier from the Agent-General with regard to the proceedilng, of the Tele graphic Conference at Buda-Pesth. Mr. Gillies states that those outside the Eurolpean system, which includes the Australian colonies, are now placed in two impcri ant respects in the same position as those in, the European sys tem, the maximum length of a word being increased from 10 to 1.5 letters for pIllain lanlguage, and tihe maximum numlber of figures counting as one word from three to. five. The other question, which affected bath Eurolean and extra-Touropean systems, was the use of the official vocabulary, and it was determined that that should be opltional. l'lThe conference, he adds, dealt with numerous questions in iaddition to the two referred to, but they were mostly of a technical cha I:cter, and wele scarcely of ally in terest to the Austialian colonies. Woinderful Discovery.-"In addition to the utilisation of the X r'ays in the form of pills for the internal illumina tion of the human framne, this wonder ful discovery promises to be of direct service in curing some of the ills to which, unfoariunately, hflesh is heir. T'hey a.ie," saeys the London "Daily Telegraph," "an antidote to tuber culosis-or at least two pathologists, Messieurs Tortel and Genoud, are in clined to believe so. Guimea pigs were the subjects of the experiments. Eight of these animals were inoculated with the disease, and two datys later three of them wen'e subjected to, the action of the X rays, the operation being sub sequently repeated every day for about an hour during six weeks. The five guinea pigs in which the disease was pErmiitted to run its naetural course u.nchecked were then examined, and found to have abscesses in the neigh bourhood of the point where inocu lation was effected. Nine days later their condlition was still worse. No trace of suclh symptoms, bowever, I could be dctected in the three animals subjectesd to the ner treatment, and tihe experimenters feel confident that the development of tihe disease had been Sin some way modified by the action of the X rays." Hiudl'red Miles an Hiour.-In a study of locomotives the "Daily News" sur veys the railway world around in the matter of inew engines, which have been or are about to be built for some of the chief companies. It seems that the Gateshead worlks of the North-Eastern Railway Company have been very busy, and have just turned out two new en gilnes of tremendously increased, power; but concerning their details the veil of mystery has been so closely drawn that even the technical journals are unable to furnish little more than spa:rso particulars. So far only one thing. has been divulged, a.nd that is the result of their trial trip, when a speed of 70 miles an hour was achieved like mere child's play, and rumour has it that if the new vestibule trains can be relied upon to keel) the: metals a speed of 100 miles an hour will be attempted; at any rate, the engines themselves are quite capablle of pcr forming the feat when drawing a heavy train. The engines a.re similar to those built by M1. . T. W. Worsdell, the com pany's engineer, in 1891. They are on the two cylinlcer comlound principle, and the coupled driving wheels are 7ft. 71¼in. diameter, while tihe length of the coupling rods is 9ft. Gin., or Gin longer than the coupling rods of any exiating express engine. The long talked of water troughs are to be. laid down by the end of July between Lucker and Beale, and thus the stop at Grant's House for water will bo done away with. Discount Rates. - I-I:ow far the A.us tralian monetar'y position may be affected by the raising ,of the Bank of England discount rate from 2 to 2/. per cent. is (states the "Argus") deo pendent chiefly upon two considein tions-First, a. possible furtlher rise in Londonll.; a.ndl second, the local distu.r bance in the holdiing of the coin scr vices whice may be expected to occur during the wool season. As regards the first, some. of the banks ma.y find it plrolitable to transfer fummnds to Lon don to be utilisced there. For a long time past there has beeni no inuducemont to sendl more gold to London than was absolutely necessar''y, and this has en couraged the piling uil of non-produc Live stocks in hlie colonies. The ma.t ter is almost entirely one at the discrc tio!n of the banks tIhemselven But bo1th in Mellourne a.nd Sydney the Lone in banking circles has becomo rates. The want of opl)portunities to is less talk of further reduct.ioans ila ratse. The wanit of opportunities to utilise resources is, however, a potent obstacle in the way of anly immediate hardening. 