KITTY'S GHOST jf' aOMPLXTE STOXT.2 ; A TRUE STORY BY MADAME FILLOXTEATT, Author of "A Warm Wolcomo," " Circum stantial Evidonoo," &o.;, &o;, axil queensland riauts reserved. . Various girls, four ill all, were collected found a oosy . bedroom fire ono night lata in tho autumn, bent, to, ull npponranco, on hnir brushing. I say to . all appoaraiioo,' beoauso not ' ono ' of thorn was using hor brush, their minds boing ontiroly given, up to tho task of out-talking each otlior, Tlioy wore eagorly discussing " mosinorism," "hyp notism, "und "willing" in their sovornl forms, each ono having Bomo oxamplo of successful or unsuccessful seanoes, whioh seldom failed to provoko a merry langli or au' astonished ox- cluination. From "hypnotism" to ghosts is not a very far cry, and tlio conversation soon turnod.upon apparitions. Gradually the liiuglis coasod, and the tones grew lower, nnd the girls noomed one and ull soizod with a desire to sit vory closo to ono another, and ono actually aoknowlodgod that, had she boon staying in an old house, she would lmvo folt vory orbopy ! "But quito now houses have ghosts some times," said n tall fair girl, the hostess. Sho was absently poking ull tlio soft parts of tho fire, and had not spokon muoh. Hor assertion wus mot by a chorus of disapprobation. "Then it must havo boon built with old materials." "No rcspootablo ghost would putroniso a now house." " Hnvo you over hoard of ono, Clara ?" Clara dug her poker vioiuusly into an un resisting piece of coal, and tiion put it down. to turn nnd look at tho Inst spoakcr. " Yob," slio'said, " I havo hoard of ono, and it is quito truo too — for i know tho pcoplo to whom tho thinglinpponed; so doyou, Maggie," —to hor neighbour — "you know Mr. und Mrs. Wurdlaiv and thoir littlo girl, don't you!" "Yos! of oourso I do!" replied Maggio. " But do you moan to say thoy lmvo a' ghost story 'belonging to them ! I should hnvo thought thom the last poopio to iudulgo in such things." . "Exactly !" said Clara. " And that mnbos it nil tho moro ourions. I will toll it you if you like ; it is not so vory long." , Tlio others nssonted ougorly to tho proposal, nnd sottled themselves to listen attentively. Chita leaned bank in hor chair, and thought for u moment or two, and then began : " Tlio Wardlnws oatno back from Indiu a couplo of yours ngo to sottlo in England. Mr. Wardhtwwnsiii tbo oivil sorvico, but bad retired. Ho is an exceedingly cool, prosaio sort of person. Mrs. Wardlaw is a praotioal, busy littlo woman, whoso mind is not given to running on any subject which docs not concern her family or Iter houso. They have ono littlo girl, who was thou about fivo yours old, and who is just tbo sort of ohild you would expect of buoIi parents, that is, not at all fanciful. I toll you this, you who do not know them, ns yon ought to understand how impossible it would bo for suoh pcoplo to imngino what I am going to toil you. Thoy came to London, and uftor u good deal of searching, whioh took thom about a month, thoy fixed upon a brand now houso in itouth Konsington and furnished it. This took thom another month. Finally, tlioy moved into it. Tlio first two or tlireo nights wont by quito as usual, and tho houso seemed to be most satisfactory. Ono liigiit, liowovor, ns hor uurso lind just fiuiHlicd putting the littlo girl to bod, tho latter oxolaimoa, ' Why, tliero is Aynli, standing by your bed, nursio. Why does sho not speak to mo V , Tlio nurso turned round startled, think ing tbo oliild might bo bulf asleep nlreudy, and said decidedly, ' Whut nonBouso, Miss Kitty i thoro is no nno hero.' " ' Ah, but sbo is thoro,' answored Kitty, 'Sho is looking at mo, but she loolcs quite ill, and as if sho hits been crying i Poor Ayah I Tlioro ! Sho is gono now.' "Tho liurse, amazed, wont ovor nnd soothod tho oliild to sloop, who, though surprised, did not scum frightened, and nurso thought sho must hnvo been talking in hor sloop. So strong did tliia impression become tlint sho said nothing about tho matter to hor mistress tlio noxt morning. Tho evening of tho noxt day, wfiilo sho was undressing Kitty, tho latter suddenly said, " ' Thoro is Ayah again, nursio, don't yon boo hor P Look, sho is just by your bod again,' and tho ohild tried to got out of tlio servant's hands to go towards the spot. , But nurso held hor fust, for sho thought tlio littlo ouo must bo ill or hor oyos affected in somo way. " Tlio noxt day sho told Mrs. Wardlaw, who was inuoh alarmed on tho child's aooount, put ting it down to somo affection oi the oycB or tho nerves. Tlioy took hor to tho doctor, hut ho declared that lio could find nothing wrong ubout hor. Sho appeared to bo poi- footly woll in ull rnspeots ; still ovory niglit sbo saw tho Ayah. , Thoy put lior in anothor room, but it was no ubc, tlio figure constantly appeared to hor. Ono night olio suid : " ' Poor Ayuli lookH so ill to-niglit, liursie, sho is loaning ngninst tho bedpost.' " Tlio nnrso privately objeotcd to tho ghost choosiug hor hodpost to ionu against, but nothing would hnvo mado hor say so for fear of oxoiting its wmtli. "Tho noxt night tho ohild said, 1 Ayah is not thoro to-night, nurso. I mn afraid sho must bo too ill to oomo.' Nor' did sho ovor appour again, und tlio child soon forgot all about her. But Mr. Wurdluw, who wns much exorcised in his mind by tlio ourioun ocourronoo, mado u good many inquiries in Iudin, and tin's is what ho hoard, Tho Aynli who lind attended Kitty in India was dovotod to hor, and folt tlio part ing most drcndfully, Somo timo nftor tlio Wardlnws loft sho wns taken ill, and finally died. During all tho timo of hor ilinoss, and particularly towards tho end, sho spoko con tinuously, whothor - oonsoions or whon in dohrium, of tiio ohild sho loved so muoh, nnd hers was the last nnmo on her lips wlion sho diod, . "Now, an far ns oould bo mnao out, tlio timo of tlio ourions appearances to tbo oliild in England coinoidcd witli tho ond of tlio Ayah's illness, and tlio only explanation possiblo of tlio whole affair is that tho intenso wish of tho woman to' soo hor littlo oliargo ouusodliorto nppour to tho hitter's bodily oyos. Tho ap parition wns novor soon by anyone but tlio oliild, who lind no hesitation in calling hor nnrso's attention to it, and who always pon- sidorod that- tho woman sho saw was real. Onco tho poor Ayuli was dond sho nppoured no moro. It is tho child's porfootly uubinssod testimony that mukos thu story so vory curious . and so wondorfully worthy of holief.f' Horo Clara stoimod, and for - a moment thoro was silenoo. Tiion somoono nskod : . " I supposo thoy loft tlint houso P" ' " No, answored Olarit. "Thoy nro in it still. Before tho apparition boused fits visits .thoy bogan to think of quitting it, whioh was not easy, ns, thoy lind just furnisbod it und signed u long leiiso ; but whon tho ghost gavo up coining and no ono soomod a penny tho worse for having hoard of it, oxoopt the ser vants, who left almost in a body, tlioy just stayed on. Kitty has almost forgotten tho ocourronoo, an thoy aro vory oaroful, novor to moiition it boforo hor.. Thoy always oall it 'Kitty's Ghost.'" ; . . "It was altogothor hor spoolal ghost.'. It had nothing to do with tlio honso," cried Maggio. "I don't think you have proved your u'ssortloii that ghosts nro to bo found in ' now houses, Clara. This ono followod tho .inhabitants into it, whioli I don't boliovo any properly brouglit-up English ghost would hnvo dono," : A general laugh followod this testimony to tho antiquarian habits of ghostly visitors, and : tlio girls roso to separate. > ; .Don't dream ubout tlio Ayah ! " said Olarn, : ns sho bado thom good-night. " I think it (j'Vwas so friondly of hor to oomo and visit Kitty, ; I should liko to lmvo a private, 'partioidar i ...visitor of that kind : ono would fool so superior 1 ' to tho rest of tho world." A superiority tlint I, for ono, don't oovot in tho loast, " answored Maggio. "Nor does , unyono really, I boliovo. Honvonsl Olarn, ' what is that ?" and sho pointed to tiio ond of . the long passngo whore a whito figure, holding . ;; a onndlo, was. to bo soon advancing slowly ' \ towards thom. Tlio girls huddled oioso to- ' gather, and lookod breathlessly nt tho thing, '(n when a woll known voioo said, in ropronohful toncB, V , Really, children, you sit up to disgrooe- i iul hours. . Do you know that >t is really one o'olook P" A burst of laughter answored tho spenkor, . arid Clara 'said. "You havo. nearly frightened, us out of our wits, mother. .."Wo have boon tolling ghost stories, nnd you, in your whito dressing-gown, looked vory oorio in tho distnnco. Do put ou n, dnrk ono next time you oomo to look us up." ' ; ' 