[?] MISS cbLOSIA IN LONDON. CONFIDENCES TO HER COUSINS ACROSS THE SEAS. .- TFrom our Snecial Correspondent] ?- - . f London, September 25, 1896, C. Dear Consin— The fine weather has returned ? : timultaneously with the end of the holidays, K and we are now enjoying a perfect Indian }?'?'-' summer. The Czar and Czarina are in f .-. England this week visiting the tjueen at Bal 1' moral, but the entire district is honeycombed ; : with detectives, and very lew outside the Royal land official circles have even caught a glimpse of their Imperial Majesties. Mrs. X's cousin, who I have before told you is one of our Queen's maids of honor, writes that it is pain ful to witness the unfortunate young autocrats Beared and fearful manner directly he has to .{ace the public. His eyes are always on tho Watch' and the least unforeseen incident causes him to start uncontrollably. For example, whilst driving over with the Queen and. Empress to Abergeldie on Thursday, the Jtoyal carriage, which bowls swiftly along, had to pull up ehort and sharp to avoid running over a cyclist who had managed to dodge both the out-riders and the cordon of detectives. He was an absolutely harmless individual, and the police riding behind whisked him away in a moment, but both the Czar and Czarina turned pale as ghosts, our gracious Queen, on the other hand, becoming scarlet with anger. ' There were ' wigs on the green' at Balmoral over that contretemps from all accoun.s. ARMENIAN REFUGEES. Though it is not in me to gush over many of the philanthropies of Lady HenrySonierset and Miss Wiilard, I have nothing but admiration for the practical manner in which they went to the rescue of the Armenian refugees at Marseilles. The two were just starting on a much-needed holiday when they heard of the homeless misery and desperate position of these unhappy folk. ' Lady 'Henry,' writes Miss Willani. *' was verv wearv and I am unwell. but directly we read the accounts of the scenes here our hearts were deeply stirred. I wish I could put before you the sight ?we saw last night — a great, grey, barnlike room in a work house, the light bo dim that nobody's face could-be seen save in outline ; in the corner a group of 30 Armenians of all grades, from a bank clerk with his gold- corded cap to a wharf porter with heavy shoulders. AH these men were huddled together on the bare benches, 'penniless and forlorn, with bread and water ;only for food and board to sleep on in this deadly poisonous air. 'Wliy were they here? 'Because their devoted nation has cherished the ?name of Christ and held to the purity of the Lome through all the centuries since the Gospel 'came to man. We could not speak a word to ' them, but we smiled and waved our hands, whereat good men rose, smiled, bowed, and ' pave us a military salute with much dignity. The whole scene was one of such unspeakable pathos that we saw almost too dimly to make our way back to the streets. This morning we ? have bestirred ourselves. Lady Henry has gone out with the correspondent of the London Daily News, whose letters brought us here. ^They are to rent a warehouse, fit it up with Bailors' beds and conveniences for washing, and to have Bupper ready to-night for the poor men. There are hundreds at Marseilles and more constantly coming. I am goincr now to the Armenian Consul to see if special arrange ments cannot be made to send many to America. Their cry is, 'Oh, send me to America.' For 40 years they have learned to love our land through the missionaries who taught them, lifted them up with so much knowledge and refinement that they are hated for their acquirements by the Turk, who is de termined on their extermination, and I believe that we as Americans have no right to hold ourselves aloof from helping England to protect them, since the horrors we have witnessed are largely tho result of the work wrcught in Armenian character and aspiration by some of our own best people.' , A LCCKY. POLICEMAN. An idyll of original character has just run its course at Richmond. _ The heroine is an Irish lady of large possessions and loug descent and the hero a suburban constable. Miss O'Neill, as the former is called, lives in a fine house at Chiswick and has passed the first meridian of youth. According to her own accountshe was one day airing her romantic disposition and vacant heart on Richmond Hill, when the latter (I refer to the lady's heart) was filled by G ft. 2 in. of policeman. It appears that Constable Thomas James Macfarlano had just stopped a runaway liofBe, and the ease and grace with which he per formed the operation completely conquered susceptible Mzss O'Neill. She dropped into 'casual conversation with the stalwart fellow and the more she saw of him the more she liked him. The acquaintance ripened into friendship, and most afternoons or evenings Mise O'Neill drove in a hansom to Macfarlane' s beat loaded with succulent pies, strong waters and Havana cigars. Needless to say, Mac farlano was not long in discovering the direc tion in which these agreeable advances tended. He responded ardently, and in due course the happy pair became engaged. Strange to say. Miss O NeiLTs nephews were riot at all pleased at their aunt's somewhat belated love affa'r. They did everything they could to break off the \- match, and even invoked the help of the Chief Commissioner of Police. Bub 'twas no good. Macfarlane simply left the force and devoted his time entirely to loveniaking. In this pur suit he proved so successful that his adoring fiaiusd settled upon him the bulk of her Irish estates. The relatives gasped but could do nothing. 'What,' said one of them, 'is the sense of quarrelling with a man with a fist like a leg of mutton.' So Miss O'Neill became . last week Mrs. Macfarlane, and the bride aud bridegroom are now honeymooning it on the ex-constable's recently acquired property. A COUNTESS'S JEWELS. On Saturday last the long and sensational trial of the brothers Luigi and Tito Malpieri for the robbery of the Countess Cellero's jewels irTApril last year was concluded at Rome after lasting; six days. The trial had created intense ? sensation all over Italy, chiefly on account of itbe discreditable connection with the affair of Luigi Crispi, eon of the famous Italian ex Pfemier. The countess is a lady well-known in the Roman world of fashion. The pro ' ceedings opened with tho usual interrogatory of the accused, who naturally enough denied all knowledge of both countess and jewels. Then the court adjourned to the house of the prosecutrix, 6he being to ill to make an ap pearance at court. The sick lady was subjected to a rigorous examination, and her story can be tailed $owp thus ;— She had $_nuzuber of jewels which ahe wished to eall, and amongst thoBe to whom she spoke about them was Luigi Crispi, who one fine day told her of a possible purchaser in one Reyelli, who desired to buy a wedding present for*J^eDuches8 d'Aosta. The countess obtained the jewels from her bankers for Reyelli's inspection, but the price asked by the fair Cellere was too big, and no deal re sulted. Her ladyship did not unfortunately return the gewgaws to the safe tgistodyof Frontinis, but kept them in herowncare. Luigi Crispi, who was a constant and apparently very much favored visitor to the countess's estab lishment, Beem3 to have hinted that the jewels were a source of danger, and once warned her that they might lead to her assassi nation. She, however, mocked at his fears. One day the countess discovered her drawing-room door open, and Crispi declared it had been forced. This the countess did not believe, but to make sure she examined her jewels in Crispi's presence. They were intact. Next day, at CriBpi's supgestion, my lady accom panied him to Frascati, and in the evening when they returned to Rome a Signor Murulo dined with the countess. Luigi Crispi visited her after Murulo had made his adieux, and re mained with the lady till midnight. Before ho left he insisted on examining all the rooms to see if there were any burglars about. He didn't find any, but when he had been gone but a few minutes the countess heard a noise. Thinking that her maid was responsible she called out, but receiving no answer sallied forth from her bedroom, revolver in band, to ascertain the cause of the sounds. As she came' out upon the landing the countess heard the bathroom door closed, and rushing into that chamber saw a hand pull down the window from the outside. On the instant she rushed down and roused the concierge, who brought the police to the spot, too late, how ever, to capture the, marauder red-handed. Deputy Barrilas, counsel for the prisoners, elicited in cross-examination of the countess that Luigi Crispi had accused her of arranging a bogus robbery in order to obtain money from his father, the Premier. The countess said she could not understand how he could have dared to make such an infamous insinuation. The countess also denied with scorn that she wanted to be made a great lady of the court as a price of her silence. It was true that she tried to sell to the Government some antique mosaics and pottery, and wrote to the Prime Minister on the subject, but it was at Luigi Crispi's suggestion, aud he actually dictated the ter/ns of the letter to his father. Further pressed the countess said — ' Luigi Crispi was very agitated when I told him of the robbery and of my sus picions. He said I was compromising him by my chatter, and that no -one dare ac cuse the son of the Prime Minister of Italy of robbery. Another thing I must tell you, and that is that some days after the robbery the Deputy Caetani di Lauren zana came to me and proposed to pay me the full value of the jewels, but I refused.' The deputy referred to is one of the most intimate of the ex-Preniier's friends, and the statement as to his mission naturally caused a sensation. There was a good deal of hard swearing in the course of the trial, but ultimately Luigi Mal pieri was found guilty and sentenced to 14 months' imprisonment. Next week the court will proceed to try Signor Luigi Crispi mi con turiiaciam. JILTED PBINCESSES. Maidens of low degree are by no means the only ones to suffer the indignity of being jilted. Not infrequently their sisters of royal blood are thrown over in the coolest possible fashion, and as their position renders it im possible for them to 'take it out of ' their tickle lovera pecuniarily, and the insult is rendered doubly painful on account of the publicity given, the maidens of high degreeare really more to be pitied when jilted than their humbler kindred. A princess who was jilted in a peculiarly brutal fashion by the pre sent Emperor of Russia is Princes3 Helene of Montenesro. She was educated from child hood at St. Petersburg under the supervision of the now widowed Czarina, -who also bore the expense of her education with the avowed object of fitting her for the position of consort to the future Czar. As scon as she was old enough Princess Helene was affianced to tbe Czarewitch, but though she was 'divinely tall' and statuesquely beautiful Nicholas at ' the last moment refused point blank to mate with her. Accordingly Helene had to ,. return to her father's court at Cettigne, and her false fiancee shortly afterwards }ed to the altar Princess Aiix of Hessa The jilted maiden was recently be trothed to the only son and heir of King Hum bert of Italy, Prince Emmanuel Victor, who enjoys the not particularly enviable distinc tion of being the shortest scion of royalty in all Europe, his stature being inferior even to that of tbe dwarf husband of Queen Isabella of Spain. He is, however, much more intel lectual than the Princess's former fiancee, and Heleue may console herself with the know ledge that as wife of the King of Italy she will at all events be free from the terrible fears which make the life of the Czar aud Czarina a misery. The Princess Helene, -however, is not the only lady of high degree who being disap pointed in her expectations in one quarter found consolation in another. The Empress Eugenie, before becoming Empress of France, was jilted in turn by the Duke of Sesto and by Prince Napoleon. Tho latter was officially affianced toher, butbrokeoff the engagement in deference to the protest of his father, the ex King of Westphalia, who in a letter since made public told his son that Eugenie of Mxratijo was, neither as regarded birth or antecedents, a fit mate for the son of a king. Empress Elizabeth of Austria owes her position on the dual throne of Austria Hungary to the fact that Francis Joseph jilted her elder sister Helene for her saka Princess Helenoof Bavaria was betrothed almost in her childhood to the present Emperor of Austria, and was carefully educated with a view to fitting her for the proper discharge of her eventual duties as Empress. When, however, the time for .the marriage drew near Francis Joseph fell violently in love with her younger sister, and insisted on renouncing his betrothal to Helene in order to marry the schoolgirl, scarce 16 years old. It must have been a terrible blow to proud and ambitious Helene to see the Cinderella of the family carry off the man she loved and the crown she was to have worn. However, she acted to perfection the part of a devoted and sympathetic sister, and appeared to rejoice at her sister's good fortune. The Duchess of Tcck (luckily as time proved) was forsaken by the late Prince of Orange, who used-to bo known in Paris by the nickname of 'Citron.' The official engagement had been announced, all the arrangements made for the wedding, and the prince had left tbe Hague for London, where he was to remain until after the 'marriage had taken place.. He travelled via'Paris/and as Napoleon III. was averse to the match, believing that an alliance of this kind would be detrimental to the interests of France, he caused tho. prince to be environed by such a network of temptations that ne could not tear himself away from the capital of France. Meanwhile his English bride, the British court, and the British people were waiting for him with an indignation which in creased with every day's delay in his arrival, and when at length news reached London of a Bcandal in which he had become involved, the nature of which, was purposely intensified by the French authorities and press, her Majesty insisted on an explanation. To this the prince replied that he no longer cared to wed Prin cess Mary, and in Paris he remained until the end of his days, his death being hastened by dissipation. The jilting of Princess Marguerite of Chartres by the Duke of Orleans was another bad case. Tendered with the most loving solicitude by his fair fianceé during his incar- ceration at Clairyaux he threw himself into such a vortex of dissipation on his release that his prospective father-in-law was compelled to remonstrate with him. The duke took this amiss, declared that he had no intention of modifying his mode of existence, and wound up by announcing that he would under no cir- cumstances marry Princess Marguerite. She has since become the wife of the Duke of Magenta. Princess Sophia of Bavaria was deserted by the late King of Bavaria on the very eve of the day appointed for the wedding for reasons that have always been shrouded in mystery, the princess subsequently marrying . the Due d'Alencon. Princess Victoria of Prussia, sister of Em peror William, was jilted by the late Prince Alexander of Battenberg a few days prior to the date fixed for the marriage, the first inti mation that the princess received of the slight inflicted upon her being the information that the prince had married someone else. Princess Elsa of Wurtemberg, a beautiful young lady possessed of a vast fortune, was not long ago jilted by Prince Alfred of Saxe Coburg, FisniON Notes. JACKETS AND MANTLES. - The popular 'circular' cape has such merits that if it is destined to die it will, as tho saying goe3, 'diehard.' For some years it has held undoubted sway, but -this season it is seriously challenged by tho fitting cape, that is to say the back fits into the waist, a contrast as often as not being afforded by extra fulness in the material at tho sides. Any forecast as to the tenure of popularity of this style would be rash, but there seems no doubt that it will be a prominent vogue for the present autumn. As for the trimming of mantles it still remains as elaborate as ever. Passementerie was never introduced more profusely or in more tasteful designs ; ostrich feather trimming holds its own, especially in the decoration of the collar — when,* that is, fur does not take its place — while a more recent introduction are some new designs in silk chenille trimming which is used more or less freely in both plain and crimped effects. Generally speaking the materials em p'oyed are much the same as in previous seasons ; velvet, plush, silk, and fancy cloths of various kinds have each their particular devotees. Matalasse materials!, too, are sure to enjoy renewed popularity since they are produced in a multitude of beautiful effects. There is a distinct revival in the demand for jackets. The jacket last spring occupied the second place in a very marked degree ; now it will run the cape very closely. There are several deserving novelties, of course, but me thinks the plainer tight-fitting styles in fine faced cloths will be in general demand. In the all-important question of the sleeve I may point out . that in size it has certainly diminished. Several styles have been pro duced, but the prevailing one is a sleeve puffed at the shoulder, only the arm being cut more or less tight after tbe manner-of a man's coat. Though fur aB a trimming for the collar has not been discarded it is introduced less often than hitherto, and where it does not appear one finds high collars, some- of the very newest being cut in ' battlements' and similar ways. A COJIt'OBTABLE WATERPROOF. A desideratum indeed is a waterproof which neither smells nor renders its wearer uncom fortably hot. I have just seen a novel system of ventilating waterproofs adaptable to any make and shape of 'niacker.' The venti lation is effected by having a flannel lining inserted in the back, which extends from the collar to the waiat in an elongated shape. Between this and the waterproof exterior there is a cotton strip, having a series of cords run ning down from top to bottom, which allow a free 'passage of the air to pass through. On the outside oi tbe coat two bands of proofed material of the same cloth as the coat, and similar to the strip on a Norfolk jacket, com pletely cover the flannels, but are made suffi ciently full to keep the orifices at top and bottom open ; thus the movement of the wearer allows tho heated air from* tbe body to pass into thesu channels and escape at the top, while fresh air is admitted at the bottom. There is also provision made for ventilation in the armpits by the insertion of eyelits, which are protected on the exterior with a flap, which allows free vent to tbe vitiated and heated atmosphere. This system of ventilation has been practically tested. In one case a wearer who perspired freoly walked several miles at a rapid rate, and it was then found that the inside of the coat was perfectly dry, whereas in a non-ventilated waterproof he always found on accumulation of moisture. _ UMBRELLAS. _..The selection of .an umbrella is quite an im portant function in the life of those of us who aspire to be considered well-toiletted women. It shows just as clearly as the dress itself does the individual taste of the lady who carries it, and as a consequence umbrellas are produced every day with the daintiest handles imagin able — from« nl ain stick to a rich and bejewelled handle, of which Dresden china forms a con spicuous^ part A. neat style amongst the hun dreds I inspected at a big city warehouse the other day was a handle of buckhorn with nose and collar in either gold or silver. Green par tridge wood and green-colored woods generally will «n joy much popularity this season ; myall wood, scented aud mounted with a plain gold buckle, inake3 a pretty handle. Motherof pearl, which had such a prominent place in ^ays long gone by, is. once more 'coming in' in the making of umbrellas, but the fantastic designs into which it is shaped are far ahead of anything that has hitherto been seen. Another novelty, plain, but pretty, was a range of sticks in light 'polished ash ; when these are mounted in gold the result is highly effective, Novelties in'Dresden handles there are again, of course, and very beautiful some of them are. Most women wilL I think, find these irresistible. Another novelty in handles is to be found in a small gold or silver eagle on partridge cane. Ivory forms the principal: part of some handles, *uod in combination *?ith gold mounts looks exceedingly well. In several instances, of course, plated gold mounting is carried oat to an elaborate extent ; one stick I saw had a tapering gold handle eight inches long, beautifully chased with a design of fern leaves, while a shield occupied a place in the centre for a name or monogram. A quadruple ivory Al pull-down' handle graces another stick, and tortoiseshell is frequently used. 