WERRfBEE NOTES. ■ (By Bosco.) St. Patrick's Day Cerebration’.— lhe annual concert anil ball, in celebration of St. Patrick’s Day and in aid of St. Andrew’s Roman Catholic Church funds,took place in the Mechanics’ Hal! on St.iPat rick’s evening. The concert attract'd a fairly la-go atten dance, all the front seats being occupied, while the other parts were well tilled. Capt. Percy Chirnsido, M.L.A. occupied the chair. The programme was opened by Hulley’s band with the Irish national aiis. Miss Nellie Biddle sang “ Come Back to Krin’ in a very pleasing manner. Misses Ro3ie O’Brien and Mary Wall acquitted them selves creditably in their duet ‘ Trclawtiey,’ ■Merrily Over the Waves’ being sung by the Glee Club as a chorus to the number. ‘ In the Signal Box" was very ably recited by Mrliice who with his distinct prououneiation and forcible effect of speech commanded the attention of every person in the ball to the linisli. Miss Tyrrell sang ‘Killarney’ with much taste and good effect. ‘Barney O’Mea also met with deserving success. The lion of the evening turned up in Mr C. Thomson, an amateur comic of rare ability, who is overflowing w ith abundance of natural wit and humor and possessed of a voico which he can modulate from a light sopiauo to a con tralto or silvery tenor down to a double bass. Mr Thomson is an amateur comedian of an order far above many of our leading music hall professionals, aud if he could be induced to follow’the busiue s up, in a few weeks neither l’opc.Sayles or Shino could get on the same footing with him. Hie appearance on the platform was greeted with vociferous applause. After rcudeiiiig bis soug “It must have been a Lobster,” many in the hall were in a state of collapse, and they concluded ‘it must have been the laughter” that caused it. As an encore lie gave 1 He’s Single,’ which also inct with similar success. In the second part ho gave his master piece •She’s iu My Class,' which again brought down the house, and in rcspousc to| the furore of applause that followed he had to come forward for the fourth time during the evening and give them ‘ I Can’t Change it, which caused a furlhcr explosion of applause which the chairman was only able to stop by announcing that Mr Thomson would come forward again later on. Mr Ohas. Schulze sang ‘ Hear the Winds Blow’ aud received a very go ,d reception, as also did M ister Burke for bis rendering of “Mona.’ Mrs Rice, who was warmly welcomed, sang ‘The Wearing of the Green’ and ‘ Home Sweet Home,’ both items gaining a diserving reward. A piauofor.e duet was played by the Misses Muir, the number being veiy well received. St. Andrew s Glee Club, under the baton wielded by their popular instructor, Mr Hamilton Sinclair, gave a veiy creditable account of themselves in glees, ‘Wayside Well’ and “The Huntsman’s Chorus,’ each item being much appreciated by the audience, Alisa Biddle acquitted her self in her usual successful manner as accom panist during the evening. Immediately after the concert the hall was got ready and the ball commenced. Hulley’a string band was engaged for the occasion, and gave general satisfaction to the dancers. There were about eighty couple present, aud iknciug was continued with much enjoyment till the ‘p ep.o’-day.’ Good Friday Picmu. — In connection with the picnic, which is to take place iu the r"LT’..lion reserve on Good Friday, the Advocate says:—“As Catholics observe Good Friday with a solemnity which forbids attendance at public amusements of any kind, it has always been repugnant to their religious senlimeuts to witness numerous p:cn’c parties starting out at Church time that day, or ret,inning in high spirits which tied expression in jocund soug or playful badinage. Whether this custom is right or wrong very much depeuds, we are aware, on the views those who follow it take of the sacred event commemorated. There arc Protcslants—the Presbyterians, for instance _who consider that tho Crucifixion was an event at which Chiistians should rejoice, as it was the most signal manifestation of God’s love for His creatures, and accom plished the redemption of mankind. To that view of the case we may take the strongest objections ; but the disagreement would not justify us in attributing irreverence to those who held it, and holding it, seek amusement as eagerly on Good Friday as on Boxiug Day. Wo are nevertheless, ghd to find that in the C-hurch of .England a wish is making itself felt that the anniversary of the final and most momentous event in the diviuc scheme of redemption should be kept with a quietude and gravity becoming a Christiau who docs not altogether neglect to reflect on the Passion of the Saviour. The Presbyterian body at the Werribcc have announced a picnic for that day, aud the Rev. J. Tyrsen, tho local Church of England clergymen, wrote to tho promoters of the day’s outing mildly and courteously, asking them to desist from the intention as a con cession to other Christians, to whoso feel ings the picnic would be an offence. The request was not succ -sful, and the reason most likely is that it could not bo taken that Mr Tysen voiced the views of bis denomina tion, and not merely his own personal objection to public amusements on the solemn annivcraa.y. From our own observa tion, it never seemed to 11s that among Protestauts the willingness to utiliso Good Friday to the fullest extent as a public holiday was confined to Pie-byterlauB. Among all denominations, Catholics alone excepted, tho practice has been to seek all the amusement ob ailiable, and we are inclined to think that this custom will prevail without declining very much, even though a few Anglican clergymen may discountenance it. We even doubt jvery much that an exhortation to the contraiy from the Anglican bishops would have the effect of discouraging it, for in the ranks of the majority of separatists tho reverence for sacred things is, unfortunately, declining." Isvidious.—A contemporary who flatters itself with always being first in tho field> shows in last week’s issue,how soro they are over being “ left standing on the mark ’’ in connection with the sewerage case. They endeavored to make it clear that there was no elopemeDt whatevor about tho affair. The A dec, 0 cr did not express an opinion as to whether it was a case of elopement or not, they simply gave the time, facts and an accurate account of what really did take place, and which our envious contemporary cannot disprove. There was nothing of the “ghost” story about it. In justice to the Werribee correspondent, it might bo men tioned that ho came forward voluntarily and vouched the 'jfo.mation that he did not write the la it sentence in the paragraph re action for libel. Thcreforo, it must have been “faked ” up on the promises, as such a foolish course was never contemplated by the parties interested. Dead Horsk.—Inspector Liddlo, of the Wyndham Council, summoned a named Taylor to the WilliamBtown court for an amount of 20s alleged to he owing by him for the burial of a borse. The horse died in Taylor’s paddock some days ago, and Inspector Liddlo gave him notice to get the animal buried; this Liddlo Btales Taylor promised to do. llo, however, neglected to carry out the work aud Liddle then eugaged a man to bury the horse, which coBt 20s Taylor refused to pay the amount and Liddle then summoned. In evidence, Taylor stated that the horse did not belong to him aud that he never promised Liddle that he would bury it. The Bench then dismissed the case. “Struck Oil”—On Easter Monday evening “ Struck Oil ” will bo put on at the Mechanics’ Hall by Mr Bice and his amateur company. The piece, which will be thoroughly reheaiacd bifuro the night, is likely to catch on, aud is certain to attract a good house. Sunday’s Storm.— llie thunderstorm which broke over tho district on Sunday afternoon, did no damage whatever in Wcrribee, iu fact.it caused <juite the reverse, as the rain that fell has already done an amount of good to the d’strict. The storm iu tho township was not attended with the tornado that swept over Melbourne aud the subutbs. Unfortunately for tho local grazier, the hail storm also missed Werribco. Death of Walter Miller.—It is said by many that when death stretches forth its hand to claim its prey, it never with draws that hand till it has grasped a second victim within its fatal clutch. This mysterious coineidcueo is more noticeable in email townships where the death rate is low. In fact, time after time it has been brought under our own eyes in the Wcrribee district, aud a further instance has only takcu plaoo this week. Last Saturday we chronicled the death of Mr O’Leary; to-day wo have to announce the death of Walter Miller, second son of MrS. Miller, an old resident of the district, which took place at the Melbourne Hospital on Friday morning, after many weeks’ sufferiug. He was removed to the Hospital some time ago on the recommend ation uf Dr. Giles, who discovered that the lad was Buttering from disease of the brain. He gradually became worse, till at last all hopes of Baviug his life were abandoned, and ; for some days previous to his death he was j in a stale of unconsciousness. He was buried 1 iu the local cemetery on Sunday. The funeral started from his father’s residence, and was followed by a very large number of people, who showed their final rc°pects to the remains of the once bright and happy 