AFTER MANY DAYS. ; " Wake up! wake up! Oh, for Heaven's take, Mies Barbara, wake up r I felt some one standing by me, and roughly shaking me by the arm. I was- wide awake in an instant. The room was in a blaze o! light, and the air filled with a suffocating smell of burning. " Oh, what is the matter ?'' I cried, rushing to the window. "Fire! nro! fire!" ' . Above the confused hubbub came to mV the hoarse cry, striking e deadly terror to my heart. With one glance I saw a big crowd gathered on the lawn, and Bnt just then o bnrst of wind sent a blinding cloud of smoke and sparks in at the-window, hiding everything from my view. With smarting eyes and burning throat I drew back and hastily began to dreaa. While Martha helped me on with my clothes she told me that some of the outhouses had caught fire, aind that there was danger of its spread ins to the house. "Ob, tbe terror of those moments. None, save those who have experienced ft similar alarm, can realise the sense of helplessness and peril. The honee was deserted. All the servants bat Martha had seized their belongings and fled. We tore through the deserted passages, and) finding the hall door open, rushed onfc into tbe night, joining the crowd of eager watchers. Frightened and con Instd by the noise and smoke and the horrible smell, it seemed ages before we dieoovered my father. The engines had jnsii arrived, and as we watched the men at work, my father told me in a dozen words how it had all happened. It appeared that one of the haystacks had caught fire, and the sparks being carried by the wind had ignited the barn and some of the adjoin ing outhouses. As tho fire glowed hotter end hotter, Martha and I drew farther back, and somehow became separated from him. The lawn, the trees, and the people's faces were lighted op with a strange, weird effect; and the sky, reflestini* back the lurid glare of the bursting flames, seemed itself to be on fire. ; We seemed to have been watching for honrs tfhen, at lagfc, the fire had almost burnt itself out, and the fierce glare had given place to an almost inky blackness of evil-smelling smoke and Steam. The danger was said to be practically over, when the roof of the bam fell in with a deafening crash. The flameB shot np again, and a shower of sparks and cinders was scattered in all direc tions. One bnrning ember came quite cloie to me, and another. "Oh! look!" I cried, excitedly, pointing in front of me. A tall, square-shouldered man was standing with his back towards me, and, with folded arms, was gazing in tently at the Bcene. He did not know that a spark had fallen on his shoulder, and, though it at once glanced off again, it had left a tiny red spot on the cloth, which began to smonlder and smoulder into a doll red ring, growing steadily wider and wider. Without pausing to think what I was doing, I seized my handkerchief, and, stepping quickly forward, dabbed it energetically once or twice on the burn ing spot. The man, not knowing what I was about, and naturally surprised at my sudden and unexpected onslaught, turned sharply round. « What the deucs-and then he fltopped. As his eyes fell upon me, « curious v change came over his face. <r Great Heaven !" he cried, turning ashy pale, and starting back, as if to avoid a blow. " I best your pardon," I said humbly, feeling I had taken an unwarrantable liberty. " It was rude of me not to hare told you first, but your coat was burning, and I wanted to put it out. And-and-I am sorry, but I did not know you were so nervous." In an instant he had regained his self-control, and at, onoa strove to pat me at my ease. Then, for the first ? time, I noted how handsome he was, . though by no means young, bat tall and broad, and of splendid proportions ; and with those keen, kind, grey eyes, which always inspire one with confidence. He thanked me for what he called sny timely aid, and said it was he who owed me an apology for his strange be haviour. "No wonder you thought me nervous," he laughed. " But you are exactly like some one I knew in the past, years and years ago ; and your sudden and unexpected appearance, like & little white ghost," he said with a smile, " awakened and called to life a host of long crushed and painful re collections, which, until this moment, I had thought dead and buried in my memory." He gave a sigh, and passed his hand wearily across his forehead. I felt sorry for him. How he must j tare loved that girl like me, when he was young, for the remembrance of her, after so many years, to so strangely affect him-this strong, masterful man. "Mies Barbara, master sent me to ask you if yon would please sea that gome refreshments are provided in the kitchen for all the men who have helped to- night." " Yes, Martha ; I will come at once," 1 answered. " Good-bye," I said, turn ing to my strange friend, and holding out my band, and then added shyly, " I am very sorry yen are so unhappy ; lint perhaps it will all come right some day." "Good-bye," he answered simply; frat his warm, strong hand-clasp was pore eloquent than words, and, gazing for a moment or two very earnestly into my eyes, he abruptly turned away. I felt angry with myself, but before he released my hand I could not prevent a deep blush covering my cheeks, and 8fl-I ran across the lawn to the house, a choking sensation rose in my throat, and my eyes were full of tears. As I reached the hall door, I looked back, and saw him still standing as I left him. It was almost an hour after this, when, the fire being at last quite out, and all the people gone, father and I found ourselves in the study. With a deep Bi'gh of relief, he leaned back in his arm-chair, looking very pale and exhausted. I mixed him a glass of whisky and water, and as he sipped it, I curled myself up on the great whit8 bear-skin rug, and rested my head against his knee. As we sat thus, I was going over in my mind all th8 de tails of that eventful night. The fire had made such an impression on my ; brain, such a vivid picture, so awful, and yet so magnificent, that I think to my last day I shall never forgot it. Then I closed my eyes* and must have fallen into a little doze, for father's voice ron3ed me at last with a great start. " Come, Barbara, child, we moat go to bed!" I sat op, and then we began to talk about the fire. I wanted to know whether it would be a great loss to us, and my father told me we were folly in sored but he thought it wonld cause him a deal of worry and inconvenience. Poor old father! What a busy life he led, sad how I wished 1 could help him more in the parish. It was only four years since we came to Middingstone Rectory, and dnring that time father had worked wonders among his little flock. il Barbara," said he, as we were going upstairs, "did yon see a remarkably tall, handsome man who was helping ns to-night? He was not one of our people. Dili you notice him ?" And then I told him about the man with the burnt coat, and how I had re minded him o! some one he knew years BffO. " Perhaps he was the new man who has jnsfc taken Barton's farm. Ho seemed wonderfully strong and master ful, and without bis aid I don't know what we should have done befere the engines arrived. I was surprised to see how the men obeyed his orders and looked to him for direction." " He cannot ba the new farmer," I said decidedly, " for I am sure he was a gentleman." " Little enthusiast," said father, laughing, and pinching my - ear. " What arts did he employ to make you so interested in him ? But, seriously," he aided, " I hope I shall see him again, to have an opportunity of thank ing him." a * # # # A month passed by, and the excite ment caused by the fire had quite cooled down. I had not seen anytbiog more of my mysterious friend, and though I sometimes thought of him at quiet moments, as when I was arranging flowers for our table, and felt I should like to see him again, I had given up all hopes of doing so, and concluded that he had left the village altogether. One morning I was tip in the lumber room, looking for some chintz. I could not find it anywhere, so called Martha to bring the step3, as it might have been pnt on the high shelf. After some time I fonnd the parcel, and was just taking it down when another Bmalier one fell forward and dropped on the floor. There was a little crash, as of broken glass. I quickly descended the steps, and at once undid the parcel, to see what was in it. I gave a little cry of surprise and pleasure, and Martha came forward to see what I had found. " Oh, how lovely !" I exclaimed. "It is a pity the glass is broken, but the fiame is all light 1" I looked at Martha, expecting some response, but, strange to say, she appeared very serious, and looked uncomfortable-even guilty. " Oh, Miss .Barbara, the m&ster; will be 30 angry with me 1 I put it up there, and thought no one would ever see it. And now, you, miss, of all people, have gone and found it." Poor old Martha looked so doleful that I could not help laughing. " leaver mind, yoa dear old thing," I said. " Now just sit down, and tell me all about it." Bat Martha did not speak, bo I began to help her. " Now, first of all, who is this beauti ful girl?" I asked, looking at the portrait. " Well, Miss Barbara, I suppose you will not be happy till you know all about it, now," she said remorsefully," so per haps I bad batter tell you, or yon might go asking tho master." " Yes," I nodded; "go on." " Well, miss, it's o Iongish story, and I shall have to go back a long way to make you understand all about it." The substance of what she told me was this About seventeen years before, my mother died, and Martha came to live in our family as nursemaid to me, then a tiny baby a few months old. Besides myself, there was only one other daugh ter, a beautiful girl of eighteen. At that time, my father bad o pupil, a young man of nineteen, handsome and clever, and a great favourite with every one, but being a younger son of a very large, aristocratic, though impoverished family, he was not very well off. This young | gentleman fell iu love with my sister, and they became engaged. It was about the time the gold fever was raging, and everybody was going to Australia to make their fortunes, and my sister's fiance, whom Martha called Mr Bex, WQS determined to go too. He went, and from time to time my sister got letters from bim which were not always very hopeful. He seemed to be disappointed, but said that in time he hoped for better luck. At last, about three years alter he had left her, he wrote saying he had made his fortune, and was coming home by the next mail. Bat daring his absence another saitor had offered himself for my sister's hand, and, as he was very rich, she accepted him, unknown to my father, and two days before the arrival of Mr Rex she eloped ! Father's rage was unbounded when her flight was dis covered, and when Mr Rex returned, hippy and eager to claim his bride, he was obliged to tell him the truth. Poor Mr Rex was heart-broken, and after a few days in England returned to Australia, and father had never heard of him since. He had loved him almost as his own son, and directly he had gone back father ordered my sister's portrait to be taken down from the wall and I bnrned, and he further forbade her name I to be mentioned again. But Martha, who had received the order, not liking to bora the portrait, had kept it hidden in her possession for jears, and when at last we moved to Middingstone, she hid it away in the 1 amber-room where I found it. " Poor Mr Rex 1" I said, when she had finished. " How conld she be so cruel ?" I looked again at the pictured face, and conld scarcely believe that such loveliness could hide so hard a heart. "Bo you think l am at all like her?" I asked timidly. Martha did not answer for a minute or two, and looked at me very critically. At length she said: " No, miss. Though I lore you very dearly, and would not for one moment have you altered, you certainly are not so beautiful. She was at glorious young lady, and there was about as much difference between you two as between-between a pretty little kitten and a handsome tigress! Begging your pardon," she hastened to add. "Ahem," I remarked, feeling con siderably smaller than usnal. "Oh and, Martha," I said, packing np the picture and preparing to go, "what be came of her?" " Ah, mis3, she was soon punished for her wickedness I She had not been married more than a year when she j caught small-pox anddiedin Florence." * ft ft '? ft ft ft It must have beien nearly six months later that father and I were staying at Folkestone. He bad been ill for two months, and now we were trying what sea air would do for him. He was looking better - in fact, almost his own bright self again-when one morning as we were walking along the parade, who should come up to us but old Lady Glinn, one of our Midding stone neighbours. " Oh, Mr Tempest," she cried, " how pleased I am to see you looking so much better. The people at home are jaefc piniQg for yon to come back, so yon most make haste and get quite strong. And have yoa heard the news P " she rattled on. " Ab, Miss Barbara, some thing that will interest you, I'm, snre. All onr young people are jast wild with excitement. Middingstone Towers is let, and to a Mr Lntterell, one of the Lntterells of Lntterell Coart, and one of the handsomest and the nicest and the richest anmarried men I have ever had the fortnne to know. I intend giving a ball to introduce him to all the charming young ladies of my acquain tance, and if you are a good girl you shall come. But mind, it ia a profound secret, bo not a word about it to any one." And then the voluble little lady hurried away, and was soon lost to sight in the crowd. 0 * ;» . # . It was three o'clock in the afternoon, some days later when, armed with a book and some knitting, I made my way to the pier. I found my usual cosy corner, where I curled myself up out of the glare of the euo, and prepared to enjoy a long, lazy afternoon. The pier was almost deserted. My book and knitting lay unregarded in my lap, as, drawing my sunshade closely down over me, I olosed my eyes and gave myself up to a delicious feeling of restfuloess. Suddenly I was disturbed by the sound of approaching voices. As they came nearer I recognised Lady Glinn's, and not feeling in a mood to appreciate her ceaseless chatter, I sat very still, hoping she would pass without seeing me. As Bhe passed I just peeped out from my ambush, and saw that she was accompanied by her daughter Mabel and a tall, soldierly-looking man, whom I had not seen before. They went on and took their places just round the corner of the pavilion, where I could not iee them, though their voices came to me quite dietinotly. " JNow, Mr Lutterell," Lady Glinn was saying, " I am going to give a ball for your special benefit, and shall invite all the nicest girls I know, so that yoa will have every opportunity of choosing a wife. For, really, it is an absurd idea to. have a grand old place like Midding stone Towers without a mistress to do ifcfl VinnoTira "Oh, mother, dear!" said Mabel, horrified. " Nonsense, child," replied her mother, "it is only right for me to say what 1 do, for sooner or later Mr Lntterell will find that withont a wife to look after his interests, in a big house hold like that he will be cheated right and left." Mr Lntterell gave a low, pleasant langh, and, thanking Lady Glinn for her kind interest in him, assured her that his long residence in Anatralia had fally taught him how to look after himself. " So this is the new master of Middingstona Towers," I thought, waning my neck in the endeavour to get a glimpse of the interesting personage. Bat I was not successful, and then, taking np my work, I began knitting industriously for some time. Presently I looked at my watch, and finding it was nearly four o'clock, I rose to go. I gave a little cry of annoyance, for I found I had dropped my ball of wool, and as luck would have it, it had rolled right in front of where Lady Glinn and her friends were sitting. Just at that moment; Lady Glinn discovered it, and, as she pounced upon it she tamed to me, saying: "What, Barbara! you here ? Well, I am pleased to see yon. May I introduce Mr Lutterell to yon ? Mr Lutterell---Miss Barbara Tem pest." He came forward with a bright smile of welcome, and aB he held oat his hand to me, I was wondering who it was he reminded me of, when he said, u Haye yon forgotten me, Miss Tempest, and my burnt coat ? " " Oh, no," I said, suddenly remem bering as I took his outstretched hand. " I haye not forgotten you; but you look so different now, that for the moment I did not recognise yon. But I am very pleased indeed to see you again," I said warmly. "Then, you two hare net before?" said Lady Glina, somewhat disappointed. " Why did yon not tell me, Barbara ? " "Because, dear Lady GHinn, I did not know that Mr Lutterell and onr friend at tta fire were one and the same person : and besides," I said, glancing up at the tall man at my aide, a little puzzled, "I hope you will not be offended, bnt I thought you were quite an elderly gentleman that night." At this they all laughed, and he said : "I am not surprised at yon thinking that, for when I got home my face was so blackened that the servant who opened the door to me said that if he had not recognised my voice he would not have let me in." Thus chatting, we left the pier, and (aade oar way back to the Lees. Mr Lutterell was a brilliant talker, and without appearing to monopolise the conversation he kept na well enter I tained until we reached tke gate of Lady Glinn'a house. Declining her invitation to come into tea, I said good-bye to them all. Mr Lutterell also excused himself, saying that if I would allow him, be would like to accompany me home and see my father, for I had told him how sorry he had been not to hare thanked him for his help. Oar house was not much higher np, but by the time we reached it I found myself talking to him as freely as if I had known him *11 my life. "Father, dear," I began, aa we entered the room together, "I hare bronght Mr Lutterell to see you " but the words died upon my lips as I noted the expression of joy and surprise upon his face " " Rex! Rex! my boy 1" he cried, rising and holding oat both hands to him, " Welcome ! thrice welcome home again-after many days." I slipped quietly away .and ran upstairs to remove my hat, for it had suddenly dawned npon me that Mr Lntterell waa father's former pupil, whom my sister had so craelly wronged. As I re-entered the sitting-room a few minutes later, father was saying, " Yon cannot think what a weight of anxiety is lifted off my mind at seeing yon here to-day, well and strotfg, and happy; for I hare never forgiven myself for what yon suffered at onr hands." "Mr Tempist," cried Mr Lntterell, generously, "please do not think any more about it. I was a boy then, with a boy's wild infatuation, and, after all, perhaps it was for the best; for, though the disappointment was very bitter then, I can se8 now, with my mature judgment, that it was the means of making a man of me. And I tell you frankly," he finished, as his eye caught mine, " that now, if the time were to come over again, I would not have it otherwise." Jnsfc then the servant broaght in tea, and with ready tact Mr Latterell tamed the conversation to livelier topics, and before we had finished tea we were all chatting cheerily together. For years I had never seen father look so happy, or beard him talk so well, and we both ex perienced a feeling of regret when Mr Latterell took ont his watch md said it was time to go. And then, with a pro mise to meet as on the nrorrow, he took bis leave. A week had passed since the arrival of Mr Latterell, and that week had been to me the happiest time of my life. Every day he had spent with as, bring ing books or frait or flowers, and always planning some pleasant oafcing for as, and every day I grew to like him more and more, and father never seemed happy when he was oat of his sight, One evening we were all three sitting at the window, watching the people passing to and fro, when Mr Latterell proposed a stroll on the front. " Well, I have some letters to write," said fattier, " bat take Barbara oat for a little tarn, Rex. J.t will do yon both good, and if I have finished before yon come back I will come ont and join yon." I rushed upatairs for my hat, and in a few minutes we were on the parade, and I could feel the soft air on my hot face. My heart was beating wildly with pleasure and excitement, for thi9 was the first time, since Mr Lutterell's arrival, that I had found myself alone with him. " How tall and big he looks!' I thought proudly, as I walked along by his side, " and what an insig nificant little girl he must think me !" He took my hand and placed it through his arm, as we found a difficulty in keeping together on the crowded paraoe. We kept silence for some mo ments, neither of us feeling in a mood for conversation, though I was perfectly happy and content. We bad left the band-stand far behind, and had got away from tbe throng of people, when suddenly he stopped, and led me towards a seat at tho edge of the cliff. It was a beaatifal night, with a fall, bright moon shining npon jthe sea, and making a bright path of silver, leading away across the wa»era straight np to heaven. To oar left I eoald see the pier, with its many colored lights, looking like some fairy island. Presently Mr Lntterell said, ronsing i from his reverie, " This has been a very I happy week for me, bnt, like all plea sant things, it has come to an end !" " Why !" I said quickly. " You are | not going home to-morrow ?" " Horns ? No, little one, I hare no home. Bat I am going back to Mid dingstoQQ Towers to-morrow-a great empty hoase." I glanced up at him, and, seeing the pained look in his eyes, gaessed he was thinking of my sister. Presently he went on, "The nearest glimpse I hare had of home, for twenty years, has been in this happy week at Folkestone." " Then why do yon not stay ?" I said faintly, trying to choke down the lamp that was rising in my throat at "the thought of his going away. For not till that moment did I realise how dear to me he had become. He seized my hands, and for one moment compelled me to look at him, A hot blush dyed my cheek as I tried to draw my hands away, bat he had seen the tears glistening in my eyes, and, drawing me still closer to him, cried-" You are crying I My little girl! My little darling ! Is it possible yon care tbat I am going away ?" I tried to speak, bat the words would not come, and big, hot tears chased each other down my cheeks. He took my head npon his shoulders, and soothed me as he would a child ; and then he told me how he lored me, and asked me to be his wife. | And, as we sat in dreamy enjoyment of onr happiness, the minutes flew un heeded by, ontil, with a start, I looked round and became suddenly aware that | the parade was almost deserted. " Oh, come," I 3aid, jumping up at once, " father will think we are lost." Then, hand in hand, we hurried home, and, as we paused breathless at the gate, father came out to meet us. It was needless to tell him what had happened, for, seizing Rex by the kand and drawing me close to him, he cried " I shall not fear to IOEB my daughter now, for I know in yon, Bex, I shall find a son." 