THE WIZARD. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. AUTHOR of "SHE," "ALLAN QUATERMAIN," "KING SOLOMON'S MINES," &c.; CHAPTER XIII. THE BASKET OF FRUIT. Three days later it was announced that according to the custom of the women of the People of Fire, Noma having given birth to a stillborn child, was about to start upon a journey to the Mount of Purifica tion, where she would abide awhile, and make sacrifice to the spirits of her ances tors, that they might cease to be angry with her, and in future protect her from such misfortunes. This not unusual domestic incident excited little comment, although it was remarked that the four matrons by whom she was to be accom pinted, in accordance with the tribal eti quette, were all of them the wives of sol diers who had deserted to Hafela. Indeed, the King himself noticed as much when Holosa made the customary formal appli cition to him to sanction the expedition. "So be it," he said, "though myself I have lost faith in such rites. Also, Hokosa, I think it likely that although your wife goes out with company, she will return alone." "Why, King?" asked Hokosa. "For this reason-that those who travel with her have husbands yonder at the town of the Prince Hafela, and the Mount of Purification is on the road thither. Having gone so far, they may go further. Well, let them go, for I desire to have none among my people whose hearts turn other where, and it would not be wonderful if they should choose to seek their lords, though, perchance, Hokosa there are some in this town who may use them as messen gers to the prince" -and he looked at him keenly. "I think not, King," said Hokosa. "None but a fool would make use of women to carry secret words or tidings. Their tongues are too long and their memories too bad, or too uncertain." "Yet I have heard, Hokosa, that you have made use of women in many a strange work. Say, now, what were you doing upon a night a while ago with that fair witch wife of yours yonder in the burying place of kings, where it is not lawful that you should set your foot? Nay, deny it not. You were seen to enter the valley after midnight, and to return thence at the dawn, and it was seen also that as she came homewards your wife walked as one who is drunken, and she, whom it is not easy to frighten, wore a face of fear. Man, I do not trust you, and were I wise I should hunt you hence or keep you so close that you could scarcely move without my know ledge. Why should I trust you?" Nod wengo went on vehemently. "Can a wizard cease from his wizardry, or a plotter from his plots? No, not until the waters run upwards and the sun shines at night; not until repentance touches you and your heart is changed, which I should hold as much a marvel. You were my father's friend, and he made you great; yet you could plan with my brother to poison him, your king. Nay, be silent; I know it, though I have said nothing of it because one that is dear to me has interceded for you. You were the priest of the false god, and with that god are fallen from your place, yet you have not renounced him. You sit still in your kraal and pretend to be asleep, but your slumber is that of the ser pent, which watches his time to strike. How do I know that you will not poison me as you would have poisoned my father, or stir up rebellion against me or bring my brother's imipis on my head?" "If the King thinks any of these things of his servant," answered Hokosa in a humble voice, but with dignity, "his path is plain; let him put me to death and sleep in peace, for whom am I that I should fill the ears of a king with my defence against these charges, or dare to wrangle with him?" "Long ago I should have put you to death, Hokosa," answered Nodwengo, sternly, "had it not been that one has pleaded for you, declaring that in you there is good which shall overcome the evil, and that you who now are an axe to cut down my throne, in time to come shall be a roof-tree to support it. Also, the law that I obey will not allow me to take the blood of men save upon full proof, and against you as yet I have no proof. Still, Hokosa, be warned in time and let your heart be turned before the grave claims your body and the Wicked One your soul." "I thank you, King, for your gentle words and your tender care for my well being, both on the earth and after I shall leave it. But I tell you, King, that I had rather die as your father would have killed me in the old days, or your brother would kill me now, did either of them hate or fear me, than live on in safety, owing my life to a new law and a new mercy that do not befit the great ones of the earth. King, I am your servant;" and giving him the royal salute, he rose and left his presence. "At the least there goes a man," said Nodwengo, as he watched him depart. "Of whom do you speak, King'' asked Owen, who at that moment entered the Royal House. "Of him whom you must have touched in the doorway, Messenger, Hokosa, the Wizard," answered the King, and he told him of what had passed between them. "I said," he added, "that he was a man, and so he is; yet I hold that I have done wrong to listen to your pleading and to spare him, for I am certain that he will bring bloodshed upon me and trouble on the Faith. think now, Messenger, how full must be that man's heart of secret rage and hatred, he wo was so great and is now so little! Will he not certainly strive to grow great again? Will he not strive to be avenged upon those who humbled him and the religion they have adopted?" "It may be," answered Owen, "but if so, he will not conquer. I tell you, King, that like water hidden in a rock there is good in this man's heart, and that I shall yet find a rod wherewith to cause it to gush out and refresh the desert." "It is more likely that he will find a spear wherewith to cause your blood to gush out and refresh the jackals," answered the King, grimly; "but be it as you will. And now, what of your business?" "This, King: John, my servant has returned from the coast countries, and he brings me a letter saying that before long three white teachers will follow hiim to take up the work that I have begun. I pray that when they come, for my sake and for the sake of the truth that I have taught you, you will treat them kindly and pro tect them, remembering that at first they will know little of your language or your customs." "I will indeed," said the King, with much concern. "But tell me, Messenger, why do you speak of yourself as of one who soon will be but a memory? Do you purpose to leave us?" "No King but I believe that ere long I shall be recalled. I have given mess age, my task is well nigh ended, and I must be turning home. Save for your sakes I do not sorrow thereat, for to speak trugh I grow very weary," and he smiled sadly. Hokosa went home alarmed and full of bitterness, for he had never guessed that the "servant of the Messenger," as he called Nodwengo the King, knew so much about him and his plans. His fall was hard to him, but to be thus measured up, weighed, and contemptuously forgiven was almost more than he could bear. It was the white prophet who had done this thing; he had told Nodwengo of his, Hokosa's, share in the plot to murder the late King Umuska, though how he came to know of that matter was beyond guessing. He had watched him, or caused him to be watched, when he [* Copyright, 1896, by H. Rider Haggard, in the United States of America. The right of publica tion of this work throughout the Australasian colonies has been purchased by the proprietors of "The Argus."] went forth to consult spirits in the place of the dead, he had warned Nodwengo against him. Worst of all, he had dared to treat him with contempt; had pleaded for his life and safety, so that he was spared as men spare a snake from which the charmer has drawn the fangs. When they met in the gate of the King's house yon der this white thief, who had stolen his place and power had even smiled upon him and greeted him kindly, and doubtless while he smiled, by aid of the magic he possesed had read him through and gone on to tell the story to the King. Well, of this there should be an end; he would kill the Mes senger, or himself be killed. When Hokosa reached his kraal he found Noma sitting beneath a fruit tree that grew in it, idly employed in stringing beads, for the work of the household she left to his other wife, Zinti, an old and homely woman, who thought more of the brewing of the beer and the boiling of the porridge than of religions or politics or of the will of kings. Of late Noma had haunted the shadow of this tree, for beneath it lay that child which had been born to her. "Does it please the King to grant leave for my journey?" she asked, looking up. "Yes, it pleases him." "I am thankful," she answered, "for I think that if I bide here much longer, with ghosts and memories for company, I shall go mad," and she glanced at a spot near by, where the earth showed signs of recent dis turbances. "He gives leave," Hokosa went on, taking no notice of her speech, "but he suspects us. Listen-," and he told her of the talk that had passed between himself and the King. "The white man has read you as he reads in his written books," she answered, with a little laugh. "Well, I said that he would be too clever for you, did I not? It does not matter to me, for to-morrow I go upon my journey, and you can settle it as you will." "Ay," answered Hokosa, grinding his teeth, "it is true that he has read me; but this I promise you, that all books shall soon be closed to him. Yet how is it to be done without suspicion or discovery? I know many poisons, but all of them must be ad ministered, and let him work never so cun ningly, he who gives a poison can be traced." "Then cause some other to give it and let him bear the blame," suggested Noma, languidly. Hokosa made no answer, but walking to the gate of the kraal which was open, he leaned aganist it, lost in thought. As he stood thus he saw a woman advancing to wards him, who carried on her head a small basket of fruit, and knew her for one of those whose business it was to wait upon the Messenger in his huts or rather in his house, for by now he had built himself a house, and near it a little chapel. This woman saw Hokosa also and looked at him sideways, as though she would like to stop and speak to him, but feared to do so. "Good morrow to you friend," he said. "How goes it with your husband and your house?" Now Hokosa knew well that this woman's husband had taken a dislike to her and driven her from his home filling her place with one younger and more attractive. At the question the woman's lips began to tremble and her eyes swam with tears. "Ah! great doctor," she said, "why do you ask of my husband? Have you not heard that he has driven me away and that another takes my place?" "Do I hear all the gossip of this town?" asked Hokosa with a smile. "But come in and tell me the story perchance I may be able to help you for I have charms to com pel the fancy of such faithless ones." The woman looked round and seeing that there was no one in sight she slipped swiftly through the gate of the kraal, which he closed behind her. "Noma," said Hokosa, "here is one who tells me that her husband has deserted her, and who comes to seek my counsel. Bring her milk to drink." "There are some wives who would not find that so great an evil," replied Noma, mockingly, as she rose to do his bidding. Hokosa winced at the sarcasm, and turn ing to his visitor, said: "Now tell me your tale; but say first, why are you so frightened?" "I am frightened, master," she answered, "lest any should have seen me enter here, for I have become a Christian, and the Christians are forbidden to consult the witch doctors, as we were wont to do. For my case, it is-" "No need to set it out," broke in Hokosa, waving his hand. "I see it written on your face; your husband has put you away and loves another woman, your own half-sister, whom you brought up from a child." "Ah! master, you nave heard aright." "I have not heard, I look upon you and I see. Fool, am I not a wizard? Tell me-" and taking dust into his hand, he blew the grains this way and that, regard ing them curiously. "Yes, it is so. Last night you crept to your husband's hut-do you remember, a dog growled at you as you passed the gate?-and there in front of the hut he sat with his new wife. She saw you coming, but pretending not to see, she threw her arms about his neck, kissing and fondling him before your eyes, till you could bear it no longer, and revealed yourself up braiding them. Then your rival taunted you and stirred him up with bitter words, till at length he took a stick and beat you from the door, and there is the mark of it upon your shoulder." "It is true, it is true!" she groaned. "Yes, it is true. And now, what do you wish from me?" "Master, I wish a medicine to make my husband hate my rival and to draw his heart back to me." "That must be a strong medicine," said Hokosa, "which will turn a man from one who is young and beautiful to one who is past her youth and ugly." "I am as I am," answered the poor woman, with a touch of natural dignity, "but at least I have loved him and worked for him for twelve long years." "And that is why he would now be rid of you for who cumbers his kraal with old cattle?" "And yet at times thet are the best Master. Wrinkles and smooth skin seem strange upon one pillow, she added, glanc ing at Noma, who came from the hut carry ing a bowl of milk in her hand. "If you seek counsel," said Hokosa, quickly, "why do you not go to the white man, that Messenger in whom you believe, and ask him for a potion to turn your hus band's heart?" "Master, I have been to him, and he is very good to me, for when I was driven out he gave me work to do and food. But he told me that he had no medicine for such cases, and that the Great Man in the sky alone could soften the breast of my husband and cause my sister to cease from her wickedness. Last night I went to see whether He would do it, and you know what befell me there." "That befell you which befalls all fools who put their trust in words alone. What will you pay me, woman, if I give you the medicine which you seek?" "Alas, master, I am poor. I have nothing to offer you, for when I would not stay in my husband's kraal to be a servant to his new wife, he took the cow and the five goats that belonged to me, as, I being childless, according to our ancient law he had the right to do." "You are bold who come to ask a doctor to minister to you, bearing no fee in your hand," said Hokosa. "Yet, because I have pity on you, I will be content with very little. Give me that basket of fruit, for my wife has been sick and loves the taste of it." "I cannot do that, Master," answered the woman, "for it is sent by my hand as a present to the Messenger, and he knows this this and will eat of it after he has made prayer to-day. Did I not give it to him, it would be discovered that I had left it here with you." "Then begone without your medicine, said Hokosa, "for I need such fruit." The woman rose and said, looking at him wistrully: "Master, if you will be satisfied with other fruits of the same sort, I know where I can get them for you." "When will you get them?" "Now, within an hour., And till I return I will leave these in pledge with you: but these and no other I must give to the Mes senger, for he has already seen them and might discover the difference; also I have promised so to do." "As you will," said Hokosa. "If you are here with the fruit within an hour, the medicine will be ready for you, a medicine that shall not fail." CHAPTER XIV. THE EATING OF THE FRUIT. The woman slipped away secretly. When she had gone Hokosa bade his wife bring the basket of fruit into the hut. "It is best that the butcher should kill the ox himself," she answered meaningly. He carried in the basket and set it on the floor. "Why do you speak thus, Noma? he asked. "Because I will have no hand in the mat ter, Hokosa. I have been the tool of a wizard, and won little joy therefrom. The tool of a murderer I will not be!" "If I kill it is for the sake of both of us," he said, passionately. "It may be so, Hokosa, of for the sake of the people, or for the sake of Heaven above-I do not know and do not care; but I say, do you own killing, for I am sure that even less luck will hang to it than hangs to your witchcraft." "Of all women you are the most per verse!" he said, stamping his foot upon the ground. "And so you may say again before every thing is done, husband but if it be so, why do you love me and tie me to you with your wizardy? Cut the knot, and let me go my way while you go yours." "Woman, I cannot; but still I bid you beware for, strive as you will, my path must be your path. Moreover, till I free you, you cannot lift voice or hand against me." Then, while she watched him curiously, he fetched his medicines and took from them some powder fine as dust and two tiny crow-quills. Placing a fruit before him, he inserted one of these quills into the sub stance, and, filling the second with the pow der, he shook its contents into it and with drew the tube. This process he repeated four times on each of the fruits, replacing them one by one in the basket. So deftly did he work upon them that, however closely they were scanned, none could guess that they had been tampered with. "Will it kill at once?" asked Noma. "No, indeed; but he who eats those fruits will be seized on the third day with dysen tery and fever, and these will cling to him till within seven weeks-or if he be very strong, three months-he dies. This is the best of poisons, for it works through Nature and none can trace it." "Except, perchance that Spirit Whom the white man worships and Who also works through Nature as you learned, Ho kosa when he rolled the lightning back upon your head, shattering your god and beating down your company." Then of a sudden a terror seized the wizard and, springing to his feet, he cursed his wife till she trembled before him." "Vile woman and double faced!" he said, "why do you push me forward with one hand and with the other drag me back? Why do you whisper evil counsel into one ear and into the other prophesy of misfor tunes to come? Had it not been for you I should have let this business lie; I should have taken my fate and have been content. But day by day you have taunted me with my fall, and grieved over the greatness that you have lost, till at length you have driven me to this. Why cannot you be all good or all wicked, or at the least, through right eousness and sin, faithful to my interest and your own?" "Because I hate you, Hokosa, and yet can strike you only through my tongue and your mad love for me. I am fast in your power, but thus at least I can make you feel something of my own pain. Hark! I hear that woman at the gate. Will you give her back the basket, or will you not? What ever you may choose to do, do not say in after days that I urged you to the deed." "Truly you are great-hearted!" he answered, with cold contempt; "one for whom I did well to enter into treachery and sin! So be it: having gone so far upon it, I will not turn back from this journey, come what may of it. Let in that fool!" Presently the woman stood before them, bearing with her another basket of fruit. "These are what you seek, Master," she said, "though I was forced to win them by theft. Now give me my own and the medi cine and let me go." He gave her the first basket, and with it, wrapped in a piece of kidskin, some of the same powder with which he had doctored the fruits. "What shall I do with this?" she asked. "You shall find means to sprinkle it upon your sister's food, and thereafter your hus band shall come to hate even the sight of her." "But will he come to love me again?" Hokosa shrugged his shoulders. "I know not," he answered, " that is for you to see to. Yet this is sure, that if a tree grows up before the house of a man shutting it off from the sunlight, when that tree is cut down the sun shines upon his house again." "It is nothing to the sun on what he shines," said the woman. "If the saying does not please you, then forget it. I promise you this and no more, that very soon the man shall cease to turn to your rival." "The medicine will not harm her?" asked the woman doubtfully. "She has worked me bitter wrong indeed, yet she is my sister, whom I nursed when she was little and I do not wish to do her hurt. If only he will welcome me back and treat me kindly, I am willing even that she should dwell on beneath my husband's roof, bear ing his children, for will they not be of my own blood?" "Woman," answered Hokosa impatiently, "you weary me with your talk. Did I say that the charm would hurt her? I said that it would cause your husband to hate the sight of her. Now be gone, taking or leaving it, and let me rest. If your mind is troubled, throw aside that medicine, and go soothe it with such sights as that you saw last night." On hearing this the woman sprang up, hid away the poison in her hair, and taking her basket of fruit passed fiom the kraal as secretely as she had entered it. "Why did you give her death medicine?" asked Noma of Hokosa, as he stood staring after her. "Have you a hate to satisfy against the husband or the girl who is her rival?'' "None," he answered, "for they have never crossed my path. Oh, foolish woman! cannot you read my plan?" "Not altogether, husband." "Listen then: this woman will give to her sister a medicine of which in the end she will die. She may be discovered or she may not, but it is certain that she will be suspected, seeing that the bitterness of the quarrel between them is known. Also she will give to the Messenger certain fruits after eating of which he will be taken sick and in due time die, of just such a disease as that which carries off the woman's rival. Now, if any think that he is poisoned, which I trust none will, whom will they suppose to have poisoned him, though in deed they can never prove it?" 'The plan is clever, said Norna with ad miration, "but I see a flaw in it. The woman will say that she had the drug from you, or at the least, will babble of her visit to you." "Not so," answered Hokosa, "for on this matter the greatest talker in the world would keep silence. Firstly, she, being a Christian, dare not own that she has visited the witchdoctor; secondly, the fruit she brought in payment was stolen, therefore she will say nothing of it; thirdly, to admit that she had medicine from me would be to admit her guilt, and that she will scarcely do even under torture, which by the new law it is not lawful to apply. Moreover, none saw her comc here, and I should deny her visit." "The plan is very clever," said Noma again. "It is very clever," he repeated, compla cently; "never have I made a better one. Now throw those fruits to the she goats that are in the kraal, and burn the basket, while I go and talk to some in the Great Place, telling them that I have returned from counting my cattle on the mountain, whither I went after I had bowed the knee in the house of the King." Two hours later, Hokosa, having made a wide detour and talked to sundry of his ac quaintances about the condition of his cattle, might have been seen walking slowly along the north side of the Great Place towards his own kraal. His path lay past the chapel and the little house that Owen had built to dwell in. This house had a broad veranda, and upon it sat the Mes senger himself, eating his evening meal. Hokosa saw him, and a great desire entered his heart to learn whether or no he had part5aken of the poisoned fruit. Also it occurred to him that it would be wise if, before the end came, he could contrive to divert all possible suspicion from himself, by giving the impression that he was now upon friendly terms with the great white teacher and not disinclined even to become a convert to his doctrine. For a moment he hesitated, seeking an excuse. One soon suggested itself to his ready mind. That very morning the King had told him not obscurely that Owen had pleaded for his safety and saved him from being put upon his trial on charges of witchcraft and mur der. He would go to him, now at once, playing the part of a grateful penitent, and the White Man's magic must be keen indeed if it availed to pierce the armour of his practised craft. So Hokosa went up and squatted himself down native fashion among a little group of converts who were waiting to see their teacher upon one business or another. He was not more than ten paces from the verandah, and sitting thus he saw a sight that interested him strangely. Having eaten a little dish of roasted meat, Owen put out his hand and took a fruit from a basket that the wizard knew well. At this moment he looked up and recognised Hokosa. Do you desire speech with me Hokosa?" he asked in his gentle voice. "If so, be pleased to come hither." "Nay, Messenger," answered Hokosa, "I desire speech with you indeed, but it is ill to stand between a hungry man and his food." "I care little for my food," answered Owen; "at the least it can wait," and he put down the fruit. Then suddenly a feeling to which the wizard had been for many years a stranger took possession of him - a feeling of com punction. That man was about to partake of what would cause his death - of what he, Hokosa, had prepared in order that it should cause his death. He was good, he was kindly, none could allege a wrong deed against him; and, foolishness though it might be, so was the codtrine that he taught. Why should he kill him? It was true that never till that moment had he hesitated, by fair means or foul, to remove an ememy or rival from his path. He had been brought up in this teaching; it was part of the education of wizards to be merciless, for they reigned by terror and evil craft. Their magic lay in clairvoyance and powers of observation developed to a pitch that was almost superhuman, and the chief of their weapons was poison in infinite variety, whereof the guild alone understood the properties and preparation. Therefore there was nothing strange, nothing unusual in this deed of devilish and cunning murder that the sight of its doing should stir him thus, and yet it did stir him. He was minded to stop the plot, to let things take their course. Some sense of the futility of all such strivings came home to him, and as in a glass, for Hokosa was a man of imagina tion, he foresaw their end. A little success, a little failure, it scarcely mattered which, and then - that end. Within twenty years, or ten, or mayhap even one, what would this present victory or defeat mean to him? Nothing so far as he was concerned; that is, nothing so far as his life to to-day was concerned. Yet, if he had another life, it might mean everything. There was another life; he knew it, who had dragged back from its borders the spirits of the dead, though what might be the state and occu pations of those dead he did not know. Yet he believed - why he could not tell - that they were affected vitally by their acts and behaviour here; and his intelligence warned him that good must always flow from good, and evil from evil. To kill this man was evil, and only evil could come of it. What did he care whether Hafela ruled the nation or Nodwengo, and whether it worshipped the God of the Christians or the God of Fire - who, by the way, had proved himself so singularly inefficient in the hour of trial. Now that he thought of it, he much preferred Nodwengo to Hafela, for the one was a just man and the other a tyrant; and he himself was more comfort able as a wealthy private person than he had been as a head medicine-man and a chief of wizards. He would let things stand; he would prevent the Messenger from eating of that fruit. A word could do it; he had but to suggest that it was unripe or not wholesome at this season of the year, and it would be cast aside. All these reflections passed through Hokosa's mind in a few instants of time, and already he was rising to go to the verandah and translate then moral into acts, when another thought occurred to him-How should he face Noma with this tale? He could give up his own ambitions, but could he bear her mockery, as day by day she taunted him with his faint heartedness and reproached him with his failure to regain greatness and to make her great? He forgot that he might conceal the truth from her, or, rather, he did not contemplate such concealment, for their relations were too peculiar and too inti mate to permit of it. She hated him, and he worshipped her with a half-inhuman passion - a passion so unnatural, indeed, that it suggested the horrid and insatiable longings of the damned - and yet their souls were naked to each other. It was their fate that they could hide nothing each from each- they were cursed with the awful ne cessity of perfect candour. It would be impossible that he should keep from Noma anything that he did or did not do; it would be still more impossible that she could conceal from him even such imaginings and things as it is common for women to hold secret. Her very bitternesses which it had been policy for her to cloak or soften, would gush from her lips at the sight of him, nor, in the depth of his rage and torment, could he, on the other hand, control the ill-timed utterance of his con tinual and overmastering passion. It came to this, then: he must go forward, and against his better judgment, because he was afraid to go back, for the whip of a woman's tongue drove him on remorse lessly. It was better that the Messenger should die and the land run red with blood than that he should be forced to endure this scourge. So with a sigh, Hokosa sank back to the ground and watched while Owen ate three of the poisoned fruits. After a pause, he took a fourth and bit into it, but not seeming to find it to his taste, he threw it to a child that was waiting by the verandah for any scraps which might be left over from his meal, who caught it and devoured it eagerly. Then, smiling at the little boy's delight, the Messenger called to Hokosa to come up and speak with him. (To be continued next Saturday. Commenced on July 11.) 