BAY RON ALB, Or, When George tlie Third was King. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. -. 1 BY MAY CEOMHELIIUV (AUTHOR OF "DEAD MEN'S DOLLARS," GOBLIN GOLD," "A JEWEL' OF A ' GIRL;" AND JOINT AUTHOR OF "VIOLET YYVIAN, M.F.H„'f &o.; CHAPTER XNXI. Gn Candlemas JDay tho old custom df lighting up;' the church with candles had never' been allowed to- fall into disuse 'at'. Kookhurst ; and it was upon this that Anno now "counted for ar- ranging a meeting between Dick and Lucy. The two ladies from The Laurels. came early, lor Anne naa .peggea ner friend Lucy to spend a iong, evening. : About half-past four or a little later, therefore, they arrived, parrying large work- bags on their arms -so as' to be prepared for embroidery and gossip. The gqodjector, was awaiting 'them, liaving ;:been -. .seoretiy,;_ instigated by Anne to .make ' himself agrcenblo : to Madame Duprc. \ 4! Gould, you not carry her off to your study, fathor ? - Show _-.hor your collection, of old -coins,-' dear ; and there' are the flint implements that you have, picked up in the neigh bourhood from time to time ; and —Oh, pray, sir, keep her diverted, I . beg, for an- hour or so. Lucy and I aro gfeafc :'frierids, .as you know, , sir ; " and; she-' has much to tell me, . All girls, like ourselves, love to' chat together .without being listened to by their elders. Now Madame Dupre never leaves Lucy's side unless she is flattered by your 'attentions, which, I believe, she . appreciates, highly." - ' Smiling at Anne's argument, tho Rector consented t.o persuade Madame jDupre. to spend an ' hour in his study. So 'with groat 'pleasure to himself ho showed off his little collec tion of curiosities,-: while Madame . admired, pretended to be much interested, and upon the whole en joyed herself. . , Contented with the success of ."her artifice Anne now hastily whispered to Lucy the outlines of her' pla'n. Putting on their bonnets and fur tip: pets the two girls went out, ; linked arm in arm, ' with the apparent object of seeing the illuminated,, -'church which stood open all that Candlemas after- 'noon until six o'clock. Opening ' the wicket gate at :the further side of the Rectory lawn -they crossed the churchyard, where the tombstone? stood up like pale' ghosts, but no living being save, themselves Was to be " descried- in the gathering darkness. They had hardly entered the building, however, when; a. firm step came ringing down, the side ' aisle from the Saxby ohapel. It was Dick himself in strange attire, considering the sacred edifice where they stood; for he wore.; his pink hunting coat and buckskin bre'ech'es, that were" splashed with inu'd.' As he had prophesied, the hounds had met and found at Eadger's Hill; that day and the sportsmon had twice en joyed an excellent run. "Excuse my costume," said Dick, coming forward and shaking hands with Anno first, although she would have drawn back, glanoing at Lucy. "The fact is I stopped half way,, or three-quarters, that is to say, this afternoon when we had found our second fox, and were having a very good time of it. Forgive me, Lucy, for not coming n way earlier.. Nothing lesB than the chance of meeting you would' have made me turn Bey Ronald's bead homewards this day. He could not understand what I was driving .at when I rattled .him / across country, taking the fences when .there was not a hound within sight or hearing. But there — " Dick by this time was hold ing Lucy's little hand, that was soft as satin and white as milk, in his own strong clasp ; and the pretty creature was looking up at him with suoh a world of gladness shining in her dark oyes and sweet pale face, which had hardly recovered yot its usual exqui site bloom, that her lover broke off unconsciously. i Ho drew a long breath, and such a. lovo light illuminated his own face fts1 hn stood brave and strong abovo her — king at his darling, his little sweetheart, who for two years had been so true to himself, regardless of atten-' tions from tho richest gentlem'en, and. even noblemen, far and near- — that ho. could hot utter another, word. .Both standing there in an ccstacy of rapture; at meeting- again had; forgotten Anne's: presence. Eacli only knew the other... was there; they only.'; cared to make- And Ricliio, passing Dick, crossed Mm, smashing into the rails. Tho In-own horse, that bad ' already shown signs of distress, did not rise, and, bitting; tlio rails hard, turned a complete somor- saiilt. Next moment a confused mass of seavlot'and brown was rolling over and over m tlio wintry, wot grass that bordered tlio lane. Bay Ronald rose into tlio air the instant after.— CHAP. XXXI11. certain that their mutual, attachment had not decreased: on either side. Anne meanwhile drew back hastily, yet watched them both ssill for, a iqinutc. She felt fascinated ; the lovo look on their faces scorched her,' so to; ! spoak, like white . heat; . Then she 'shivered from head to foot. . ' " I will go away," she said in a dry thick voice that hardly seemed hor .own, as she moved to the threshold of the porch. " I will watch, out here to see that no ono surprises you. . You will be quite safe." Neither of them heeded her,. Indeed her last words were spoken too huskily . to be heard. ; ; . Anne stood in the porch, still: shak ing slightly with inward emotion. She strained her hearing listening both ways to the rapturous murmurs steal ing low from inside, where those two stood just out of sight behind the font, while her ears caught also, but less keenly, the sounds that came through the darkness without. There, was a horse stamping impatiently, and snorting at moments ; /then consoling himself, it seemed, / by cropping the grass. It was Bay Ronald that Dick' irad tied up by the further wicket through which a path led to the Saxby chapel and private door. Other sounds mingled with the horse's steady crop ping; distant noisesfrom the village;the tramp and hum of voices of some be lated labourers coming homo after 'work upon outlying farms. But through air this Anno nevor lieard a cautious footstep brushing the grass. Sho did not see a man's figure hiding among the tombstones, creeping cautiously forward wherever there lay thickest shadow. The wicket gate near Bay Ronald had clicked two minutes ago; the horse whinnied, but Anne had not come out into the porch just then. Now sho stood, her figure thrown into relief by the lights behind, and stared with blank gaze at tho Rectory. The mon crept nearer ; nearer. Soon ho was behind the next tomb stone, scarcely live yards away. Anne v/rung her hands together, ground her foot hard, clenched her. teeth. Then this paroxysm subsid- ing, she moved and crouched down on a seat inside the porch, bending her head almost to hor knees. The watcher .outside hesitated a second or two, then- leaving his hiding place, advanced . on . tip-toe, with - cat-like footfall, in spite of his Hessian, boots. ; But Ratcliiie, for it- was he, had learned long ago what it was to trust his, lifo-at times to the stoalthiness of his movements and' the keenness of his-cars imd-nightj, ; . : It astonish ed h im to seo Anno wait ing , in /.the/ porch, for by now" hehodi 'recognised. 'her. Till a few . seconds ago -he had' mistaken/the' 'watching /figure for that of his niece, Lucy, therefore he delayed his approach till the lover,' who was doubtless hear, should have joined her at the tryst. Rntciiffe's i own ; presence was easily explained., /Unknown to Dick, who; wus sailing away in the first flight after the hounds, at tho beginning of the second run that day, tho captain had received a severe fall. It was at such a small fence, too, ; that his wise old hunter'.disdained to jump it, so scrambled over like a donkey. How ever, the bank being rotten gavo way, " and' horse and rider : came down, to tlieir mutual surprise. It was nothing of a fall'; but in struggling to. rise the usually /cautious animal ' put . ; his fore-foot for a' moment ' on his master's neck, near the shoulder. A little trioi'd and ''it; might have killed,- him ; ' as it was, Ratclifle felt dizzy, in his' head and strangoly sick for a few minutes, ; ' v-''-:; As none of the field imagined, he could have been hurt by such a trifling fall, hardly anyone looked round. But it was sometime before Ratoliffe recov ered himself sufficiently to be helped cm his horse by a labourer.who had baught it for. him. V ory slowly he rode homeward, feeling: that ho had been nearer death than ever -before in his life, ' " Why, what is the matter 1" called out Bill Butler, as passing on tho road near The Laurels he saw by, the rider's bent attitude and desponding face , that something was-amiss. : " I have had a spill, toy boy ; ' that's all. But it has made mo feel;,; shaken and out of spirits," Ratcliffe strove cheerily to reply. : : / " Wliat 1. and you are alone, too, this oyen ng ! Your ladies have just gone up to us. Come up and have a bit of dinner with us, too/ Captain Hat.; my father and ;Anne: will' be. glad to see you, I know. : I wish I hod had the chance of a spill myself to- dny ; but' the dear old dad cannot afford to let us. have more than one I hunter between us." And with a re gretful grin Bill betook himself off, nothing doubting but that sister; Anne would cordially endorse his Invitation. So Ratoliffe, after changing his coat, came slowly on foot by the field path, liis legs shaking slightly under him, 'and his Heart unusually softened, even weak. ./: : ' , " A near thing ; a vory near thing," he murmured to himself, standing still andi leaning on his stick: Then he glanced back at the light burning over his doorway at The Laurels, whilo next ; his eyes -followed the dark swoop of the Rookhurst Woods. " We'll, it would not matter much for 'myself, /if ' only my Lucy were properly - provided ' for first. A fine :scriiiimago there ' would be if I .wefe carried home dead and the wolves came down on the fold. She might be left next door to. penniless, what- with all these cursed debts, and business going so badly, too, since the Peace. Ever since ' the Battle of Leipzig my fortune, like Boaey'p, his been going downhill at a ' terrific pace. And if that were to be lost, Richie Saxby, over yonder, would cry.- off in a jiffy. :Curse /'him i , There is Suzanne,; too ; but she ,is well able to take care of herself." . So, coming slowly up to the wicket gate, Ratcliile's attention was suddenly aroused by the sight of Bay Ronald, 'who had been tied close' by to the paling two minutes before. " Y/hew I what does this mean)" and he softly approached the animal, to make sure that his eyes did not deceive him in the twilight. . . Bay Ronald put back his ears and promptly lashed out, having a hearty, dislike to strangers. . , ' "Is it you, my friend? I thought so." And Ratcliffe retreated out of danger. " Now what does this mean f He ..did not' take , long to make up' his mind. / . And sp . now, pressing close to 'the pillar at ono - side of the poroh,. his keen face slowly advanoing, he looked round. . . \- (TO DB COXTIMDED.) 