AN EPITAPH. 1 He had no brake upon his wheel; That"s why the poor old wreck Gave np the ghost, for he soon got A break upon his neck! "I came across one of your old letters to-day, George, in which you said you would rather be in enćtless torment with me than in bliss by yourself," said Mrs Naggin to her husbąnd. "Well, my dear, and haven't I had my wish?" said the brute. Mother: "Oh, yon naughty boy! Tou've been to dada's des}t and upset all his papers. What will he say when he comes home?" Son <hopefnl); '1 know what he'll say, but you'd spank me if I told you." Bacon—" So your friend is engaged t* that Boston girl, after all" Egbert— Tes." "How did he melt her?" "Hie didn't; -he simply froze to her." A Clear Conscience.—"Don't some of these old songs haunt you?" "No : I've never murdered any of them." Visitor: "Well, Tommy, what are yon .going to be when you grow up?"' Tommy: "31a ays i am going to be just such another lazy loafer as pa is!" The following typographical error shows the grtat importance of a comma. At a banquet this toast was given: "Woman—without her man, is a brute." Although a girl may be bright enough to know that "less" is a noun, she's frequently unable to decline it. Effie—"Jack,papa said we must not see each other any more." Jack—"Indeed! Shall I tum the gas out?" Hampton Belle—'l wouldn't allow a horrid man to kiss me, would you?" Xewport News Girl—"Of course, not; I don't know any such." New Housemaid : Who Is that elegant looking young lady, cook, that I met coming In? Cook : That was me sister; been to call on me. New Housemaid : And that stylish lady in blue silk? Cook : That's our laundress. New Housemaid : Then who was the plain old woman in black ? Cook : Tbafs the missus. Mrs A.: "Tm surprised that your husband -earns so little if he works as hard as yon say. "What does he do?" Mrs B.: "The last thing he did was to calcu late how many times a clock ticked in the course of a thousand years." Wealthy Parent: "What! Engaged yourself to young Tapester? Outrageous! The idea of a Van Juneberry marrying a mere cleric!" Daughter; "But he isn't a clerk now, papa. He is a gentleman of leisure." "Eh?" "Tes. he's been discharged." 