[?] I By HENki1 HE&MAN;, I AtitoK of 'fiSJSB ?eer' »«taRrl^-Jlprtune,' '$$. ? tween the Whiffs,' 'A Leading Lady,' 'F^r ? Old Vtrgiak,', &e;,i feo.. joint author of '1$? ? Bishap's Bible,' 'Wlia Darrie,' 'One Tiwr^ ? lot Rrturafi,' '-m 'W&l; Afijaog tWOTM,' «*., ? &a; CHAPTER iV.^-fGontinued.) ? She waited patiently uptii her father moved ? in his chair, aiid then stole behind him, and ? bent o^er .hhn, and drew q soft arm around ? his neck. He looked up at her, smiling hap ? .pily as he always did when she wafe near ? bim. I Render fingers through his long wbite.hair, ? and lookisg away from iiim half absent I mindedly, while her- nttle foot tapped the:car ? pet, 'you are good, and you are wise, and ? you always do what is right, and— and— — ' I The preamble was couched in so nearly I rhetorical a form, and yet eo fragmentary, I that a request either for charity or for ele ? mency appeared to loom behind the prelimi I nary veil. He was ready to grant either or ? both. . - I 'Waal,' he said* 'I guess it's an old nigger ? woman that's got ony one leg an' wants fifty I dollars to set her up to do waehln'? Or is it I a. Dutch greenhorn with a cock-eye jest come I out of hospital as wants money to peddle I pranges? Or Is it Bridget that's dropped my I big china pipe and smafilied it, or--—' I She placed her tiny hands over his msu£h I and arregtecl his flow of hiimor. I 'It's nothing of tiie kind, you dear, silly old I daddie,' she eaid. 'It is nothing to make I fun of at all. It Is something very, very se I nous.' I Her face bore eo demure an expression at I that time as to appear to him nearly comical I 'Oh!' he. exclaimed, 'who's bin an' let the I kickhi' mule loose now* and upset tine mo I lasses barrel? Is the beaver's tail hi the I fire, an1 whose tail is it?' I 'You must really not make fun of it, dad I die,' she breathed mournfully. 'I am so I ., anxious, and T don't know what to think of I it ? ?».. I Her fingers were still running slowly and I coaxiQgly through his hair. He released I himself gently, and tried to look into her I everted face, I 'Think of what?' he asked tenderly, eon I ceraedly. ' I 'He went away quite oh a ' sudden,' ehe I continued, as if she had not heard her father's I question, 'and he upoke so strangely.' I 'Who spoke strangely?' the old man de I manded, - well accustomed to Miss Angel's I roundabout mode of procedure. I 'Why, Mr. Underwood, to be sure.' Her I heart was so full at that moment that she I could not conceive how there could be ano I ther man hi the world for her to speak I about I 'Mr. Underwood,' Daniel Kershaw echoied. I 'What's he bin doin'? Yew ain't cryln', are I yew? Wihat's be bin eayin*, my Angel? I Pern his skin, I'll break his head if he's bin I makin' you cry.' I 'No, daddie, dear,' she replied, drawing her I arm more tightly around him and nestling I closer-ito him until her downy cheek rested1 I against his. 'Mr. Underwood is the best, I tie truest man alive, After you, dear, of I course. And he's going away.' I 'He's goin1 to Yewrup to earn money, an' I to make a name,' rejoined Kershaw. 'It's I right an' proper. I like the boy's spirit' I 'He is not going to Europe to make money, I -Mddie dearj he could make money in New I York.' I 'I guess that's woman's fall-lolls, that i«u' he I answered.. 'If he ain't goin' away to make I mbney, why is he goin' away?' I 'He says he is going away because he's I afraid to stay. He. is going- away because I he thinks I'd like him to stay. He is going I away because he loves me, and be aays, dad I die dear— he says— that it is a crime in him to I love me.' I The tears were flowing fast now* the soft I fingers had ceased to stroke the old man's I head, and were clasped as if in anguish, I He took her head between his hands and I forced her to look into his eyas. 'My poor child!' Sie whispered, 'my poor Angel! Thar ain't nothm' to cry about. Thar ain't nothih' brokeh^nbthin' that cayn't be mended. I guess I know what he means. Yew've got heaps o' money an' he ain't got none, an' he 'knows that yew iifcp him, an' he's too straight an' too true to let yew like him.' . 'But I've money enough -for both of 'us,' ehe exclaimed despairingly. 'Oh, daddie dear, I'll die if he goes away.' ' j 'Thai's all «oft nonsense, my ch^Sy' he re-' i joined. .'Yew ain't a-goin' to die, an' he j ain't goin* away if I can help it I ain't go- 1 m' to see my Angel spoilin' her pretty eyes an' makin' her face red by cryin'. Thar now, run away, an' I'll speak to Mr. Underwood the fust thing to-morrow morninV He had come at last, the man whom he dreaded, so much, the man who claimed to share his Angel's heart with him. Yet he was not jealous of him. He would have poured out his heart's blood for her like wa ter, he would have uncomplainingly submit ted to a thousand tortures for her isake^-why should W not bear this small pain, happy in her happmesB? To brush a single salted tear from her lids, to call forth a flitting smile of content to drown an escaping sigh in the fond murmur of his iove, to smooth 4ier path and bestrew it with the flowers of hie solici tude, to make her every day a bright and rosy dream— w-hat would he not have borne, what would he not have dohefor any of these? Devoutly he thanked his Maker 4hat the man who was to rob him ot part of his Angel's love was so worthy of her and It If there was another man to occupy her ^dream ing thoughts, if other lips hut his Were to meet hers in holy kiss, It was well tor his peace of mind that so while a man as Hubert Underwood was the favored of fortune. When Underwood opened the library door next morning, he found the old pioneer al ready a'eated'at the big wiritmgvtable. After the usual morning greeting- toe .young man Im- - mediately set to Work to: arrange ?die notes that had been left from the previous sitting. To Ibis asonishment he saw Daniel Kershaw rise, walk to the bureau, and produce a box 6T clgare. ? 'Hare a emoke, Mr. Underwooa,*' said the old man, pushing -the box towards Iiim and lighting one himself. .''Thank you^ 1 will,' replied JJhderwood. 'I generally smoke over my. work at home, but herfe-%re you quite eure?-— Miss Ker 'Oh, Aagel don't come heear once In a blue moon,' Tetorted -foe oia man laughingly, 'an* if she.did, I gueoe igbe'd «tomaeaj it She\s; growed powder dry and smoke dry afore this, Onyjlfjyew prefer chewja% ^©a't «iad ?myig . it, young man. ^I've got^some slabs o' black Tennessee as, would take the curl out of. a. nigger's hair,* : k-Tiiank ^oa, iir. Senshaw,*' attewerea tJn derwood, 'tout I don't chew. This Is good enough 15r ine.** ' ' WMi that he spread his papeSrg on the table, before nim, janfl jopened iihe big £lass, bcaa&* covere^ inkstand. ; ^Are yew really juinpui' to w)ork this jnorh ln^?' demaadea JKeflabawv blowing ^great puflfe of grey smoke and lolling lazuy hi his big artb-cbair. ...-'???? ''?.'? - ' 'I afctt Teafly ToT wcSK 9s usual, 'Mr. Her-' sbaw,* replied the -young journalist 'neither s more fior. less.' *'If yew ahi't almighty pertiekler to do a lot o' wrltm' this mornin% Td like to have a talk with yew about somethin' else, ' drawled KershaWi 'About somethin' «s consame me : very much,' he added wife a deliberate em phasis'. Underwood put down -his pen. fie was evidently prepared for -soniethteg ^ tite Idnd.: 'Well!' he exQaimea. 'How much are yew goin' to get for cam' to 'SewttipT' asked the millionaire abruptly. 'Sixty dollars e week ana my expenses,' was the matter-of-fact reply* MI've bin a thinkln',' «aia Mr. j^eBehaw, 'that I eayn't get on without toj&ebddy; to 40 my writin% an' clerks ajn'4; no use to me. I want p. nian as has got brains about me, sm' I've bjq tuj-fliii' it over w toy m«i4 Iqftgfrays, an' sideways, an' all ways, an' I've knocked the bottom out of the keg at last I've bin sayin' to myself these many days 'past, 'Daniel Keuehaw, Mr. Hubert tThder'Wood is the man for yew, an' the only man,' an* I'd be. downright obliged, an' thankful to yew, if yewwos to consent to be my secretary, an' I'd be glad to pay yew a hundred dollars a week, if so maybe as yew'd be content to take it' - He had spoken humbly, pleadingly, and per suasively. Had their positions been reveus ed, had Kershaw been the poor young writer and Underwood the lord of many acres, his speech could not have trepidated with more anxiety about the result. . 'I am sorry, very sorry,' replied the young Jnan. 'You are kind-^too kind— but I can not accept your offer,' 'Oh, I guess it ain't temptin' enough,' re torted the old man bitterly. 'Waal, IT1 sugar it We'll say a hunderd ab' fifty dol lars a week.' 'I do »ot know how to thank you for. your kind appreciation,'^ answered Underwood with a red blush on his cheeks. 'Your offer is a brilliant one, and to many a poor strug gling young fellow like myself it would ap pear the realisation of a beautiful dream; but I have isaid It 4lr. Kershaw, and I repeat it — I cannot accept your offer.' The old frontiersman pushed his chair closer, and looked him straight in the face. 'I guess it ain't no use of yew or me a-dancin' around the mulberry tree,' he said; 'nor to burn a lot o' powder for nothin'. We'll fix a new flint an' prime her, and let her rip, .? My Angel's told me all about what yew said to her yesterday, an' I know what the sign is, an* whar it's a.-c6min' from. Now my Angel is . the best, an* ®xe sweetest an' the, hensomest gell in the world, an' she's got money enough to buy this blamed street an* the next street and the street after that, if she'd want to. An' she says tijat £he's food o' yew, an' that yew'vG f ond o' toer, an' that she don't want yew to go to Yewrup. An' I'm glad she is fond o' yew, an' I don't want yew to go to Yewrup.' Underwood hid his face In a silent blush Ing confusion. 'Would it were possible!' he breathed. 'Would to God It were!' 'What's that?' questioned Kershaw nearly excitedly. 'Wbat'e that yew're sayin'?' 'I would be happy,' the young man whis pered. 'I would be so very happy, but I dare not. I am not worthy of her.' 'What do yew mean?' repeated Kershaw. 'I mean what I eay* I am unworthy of her.' 'Come now, let's see why the baar'e a groWUn',' exclaimed the oil man sternly. 'It ain't no use tryin' to catch beaver Without a trap. Which way does your stick float? I hope yew won't mind my puttin' questions. Any other woman about?' 'No, there is no other woman.' . 'Ever bin in jail?' 'No, I have never been in jail.' 'I?ever did no hoss thlevtn'?' ? 'Never.' 'Never .got flogged for eayin' what wosn't true about a man?' 'Never.' 'Never got kicked for foolin' found a man's wife?' 'Never.' 'Never spent money what didn't belong to yew?' 'Never.' '? 'Never cheated nobody, be he white man, nigger or Injun?' 'Never.' 'Never jumped no claims?' 'Never.' 'Never killed nor hurt nobody 'cept in fair fight?' 'Not even in fair fight' Kershaw scratched bis head In a confused wonderment, The catechism had been ex tensive, but evidently ft had not included the particular crime the yonng man was guilty of. 'Waal,' he said, 't reckon I don't know w&at; yew've bin up to.' A bright Idea struck him. 'I know what yew*ve bin idomV he exclaimed. 'Yew've bin -enjugglin'.' -' ♦?I never smuggled anything,' was the dog ged answer. 'And.rve never done anyttnhg that either I or anybody else need be as -hamfed of,' ?' 'That beats, skunk hunthV, t&at; does,' cried Kershaw. **Y«w aidti*i§:ihievej an' yew didn't fool around a man'fi wife, -an' yew never got flogged, an' yew neyer got kicked, an' yew've never bin in Jail, an' yew've never done nothin' as yew're ashamed of; then what in the seven blazes, have yew bin an* done as makes yew unwoitfhy of my gell?' The young man's eyes were fixed upon the ground and his face was. burning. 'You have a right to know, I suppose,' he whispered. 'Your goodness and Miss Ker shaw's goodness give you the sight I have a. father.' - ' ; Kershaw laughed aloud in spite of him self. 'Waal,' he -aied, 'that ain't no sin, I reck on. It may be a sin In a man to have a son, but it cayn't be a sift in a lad to have a father. I guess all of us have had one, though some of us idon't know theirs.' , 'I wish to heaven I did not know mine! % wish to heaven I had never known him!' exclaimed Underwood fervently. 'That's a-gettin' to look hard,' said Ker shaw, quietly. 'Thar's a barb to that arrow, an' it's a-stickin' deep in the flesh. Is your father alive?' , 'He is.' This with A eigh «f pain. 'Wihar is yawr father now?' Kershaw asked. . ' The journalist looked at the rich man plte ously. A short pause, whilst a -desperate struggle was tumultuous in his breast then the quiet words— ? 'He la In 'gaol/* ,. The old man's face Tiad gone white, and he looked zfaoot him in a ?stating ^dismay, 'Yewr father hi gaol,' he whispered. 'In ?gi*rA9 Some vrit*afo, I Teckon. J5M sense-; thin' Ihe'was very soiay for. Men do things, yew know, they often wish -they hadn't doae. Dick Itafferty, a$ ^ood a mafi as *ver breath-, ed, when he'« «ober, got drunk and killed his Gardner, an' he',s In the.chamigang aow.'? ; 'My faflier is no such, man,1' wae the «lpw and terribly ideliberate reply. 'He has been to ^rieea half ?bis life. He &us; been-a^GBea^ times convicted of theft of^burglairy, of murr: der. How, Mr. Kershaw, ought I to go to '-?''.:. ' ? GHAPTlbi V- ? ? ; THiey 'had 'been ; 'siiiang 'there Vfor fuDy a] quarter of an hour, putting fiilently at theh* ?cigani» ihe -iH -man «tat£ng ia &ont; «f , iam blankly, coldly, vacantly, the younger man moving uneasily on his chair, casting wistful glances at his companion, and drumming a silent march -with Jiis finger-tips on the table. 'Tell me «fl «3»OUt yewraelf,' said tiie pio neer on a 'sudden. 'I^et'e have a fair, «pjare look at yewr flevil, an' asee if ia*s as: black as yew've painted him. Tell us all about how yew've growed Up. an' whar: #ew'v« growed Ujp, aa' howr yeVve t-ia set*,' 1 \ tija' yewi' ijvin'. aa' bow yew've come to be what yew are.. I guess then I'll know -what I've got to do.*' The young fljan hesitated for p few mo ments undecidedly. 'If is perhaps better that you should know alj,' he isa|4 8t Iftst with £ aearyT-irawn gigh. 'I have told you the worst. The rest of my history has no surprisee— of the disagreeable kmd, at any rate. . 'I can remember myself first Of all,' he continued, 'a gruny, smudge-faced, half ragged urchin, rjjnnhig about Front-street, St. Louie; diving and dodging about the steam boats on the levee, and picking up pieces of wood, bits of Ittm, and all such rubbish as are generally found itf similar neighborhoods, and carrying them to my mother, who lived in a tumble-down shanty not far from the railway station. The stewards and the cooks of the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many a piece of pumpkin-pie, of meat ahd of corncake I gptaf rpm them. I remem ber Well how, even at that time, the boys of my own age used to shun me, and taunt me With my father being a iaiief pr with my father being hi prison. At that time I saw very little of him. Even- when he was not In gaol he was seldom at home, and when lie was at home our little shanty was a hell up on earth. He used to beat my mother un mercifully, and went eo far as to bring other women into the house. As I grew to yeiars of better comprehension, young as I woe, I came to be heartily ashamed of him. A Baptist missionary had been talking to me on the levee and I had been going to the evening school, and there I had learned that it was wrong to steal; and I knew that it was wrong to steal when, one night my father took me with him and another man on an expedition to break into a bouse. I could climb like a cat then, and they wanted me to get over a high wall and open a door for them. 'I had got heartily tired of being jeered at and jibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty bad arisen in my ypung mind under the teachings of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wall, but, when I got on the top, I shouted with all my. might and the people of the house were awakened and came out and my father had to run away vowing vengeance against me. '( 'After that I dared not go home, but Mr, Casey, the Jjjnd baptist missionary, sheltered me for a few d^ys and nights, and at last he got me a place as scullery boy 011 the steam boat Wisconsin, tunning between St Louis and Dnbuque. All went very'well- with me for a while. From the post of ecujlery boy I rose to that of pantry boy, and then to that of cabin boy. The purser took a fancy to me and lent me book* to read, and when w!p ter came he got ine a place on the Yazoo City steamer, running between Vieksburgh ^Uid Yazoo City, and I passed another season there. 'My good fortune would have it that on that boat I met the Hon. Laevi Walker, mem ber of Congress for Missouri, and editor of the Kansas City 'Star.' He offered to make a journalist of me, and I was glad to con sent. In his office I rose from one position to another, and all would have been well if, one unlucky day, I had not in the street, r?m across my father. He was unfortunately too well known in die place. He had been tawed and feathered there, he -had been flogged! there,, he had been in the chain-gang, 4ie had been within an ace of being hanged there. He immediately claimed from me the rights which his ties of affinity gave him, and I had to confess the horrible truth to Mr. Walker. I tried to buy my wretched father's depar ture, but the more money I gave him, ihe firmer became his resolution to hang on to me. The people in Kansas City- were very good to me; They had had time to learn to know me, and they pitied me. 'Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, and 1 left Kansas City, and with it my dreaded father.. I found immediate 'and remunerative work in Cincinnati, and I stayed there several years. From Cincinnati I we°t to Chicago, and on iny journey from Chicago to New York you met me. Now you know all about me. I do not think that I have forgotten anyiibing of Impottance. 'An' ain't yew seen yewr father since then; ain't yew heard from him?' asked Kershaw. 'I know of his existence only through the newspapers,' replied Underwood. 'They pe riodically record his eonvietions. My mother died shortly after my leaving Cincinnati, un * der Sijs brutal treatment, that I know also.' 'Waal,' exclaimed Kershaw, 'if jew ain't heerd from Mm nor yet £eed him, 'maybe as yew'll never hear oor gee no more of him.*' '-'That is not to be ho;ped for,' sighed the young man. 'I live In dally dread. of rm- tang across him in the street of his calling at my rooms, of his coming here. If the slightest -&ance; is given him of blackmailing me or you, he will fasten on us like a leech, and it would be easier to get rid of a vam pire than of him.' 'I've had to deal with that kind- o' man afore to- day*' ^aid the frontiersman quietly, *'an' they, nary once got the best o' me yet.' 'Ah/' Teplied the young man bitterly, 'it is easy for you to eay that Not one of. the .scoundrels whom you have -come across was your own father. One cannot mete ont justice to the man* to whom one owes one's life, and not be soiled ~by his guilt The taint clings, one's clothing *eeks with It it poisons the food, it embitters the drink, it calls up hideous jgrinnhig ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes good men's praise a«tolen deceit, and all your: &Se; one long reproach. . O -3od!' he cried in a sudden agony, 'how can I be rid of it?' Shall I ever be rid of it? I have never felt it as I do at this moment' -9Go i-e continued.) I The aphis plague has Jniestea a. ^reat number - vt oK&ardB; -and farms Jn ftie Singleton district, aafl 3s -causing a lot of trouble to growers (writes our «onre6pondent). The clover paddocks have also become atEeciea, and some -oi the stock bears evidence x-t having been attacked by the parasite. Tha Jtaranere «ad othera vrbo feel the -effects iX the pest are trying' various remedies for the eradica itipn oi tne insect and with, .good «eulte. — rr-Bi- ?cycJtng 1b fnairtag great progress liere,' and a num ber of new agencies for well-known machines are Already tnaktog prepatafieiiS ter a ''boom.' Tie flistriet is one eminently suitable Tor cycUng, as the roadB are first-class and ¥be country for miles in all directions is geuOr in^iiia^Tig and pre sents no difficult grades for the votaries of the wheel,-r— Special services in connection with the jubUee celebration pi tKe -preg Prsbyterian CKnrch ot Eastern Asustralia were held throughout the district yesterday (Sunday), when the Rev.- 3, S. jyi'Pherspn, of Bajst Maltland, preached to large .congregations !at Westbrook and Singleton. W« reportefl a few weeks since that rabbits ?had boon ihot -tn 42ie w«et «ide -of -OnangE^ at Belgra'via .-saji8 an Qnangepaper). ' We now learn that the prolific rodent lias turned upon the -east s^de «t 4be *owa, Mr. J. «. i&srr; having reaenUy caught or Shot one at Wellwood, the skin of which we saw and bandied. Rabbits have teen seen also on the northern side of title municipality, in iSr. Dalton's property. They will po doubt eoon jgo-soutb. This proves tow tutile the Wire sebabs aiong *he railway fence haft proved to ieep ihe raJjiblts Jaack. Though the rabbit Is bere all TigM, there is no -danger of Ws multiplying ?over -lost -waouttd Oraage, «b #e =oaa *e jcept -well ?unSer -with teapa, snares, and the shot-gun. It tooka as it In the sear future our sportsmen can Vary Txiu* AopHnf *Jth» ^*»t° *t* *aSfl)K «*-* SlWUHttt tttHlfllTB ' s 