Items of News. It is stated in a Perth newspaper that after a short stay at Fremantle,Mr J.M. Finnerty, Warden at Coolgardie, is to take a trip to New Zealand if the necessary leave of absence be granted. The result of the Victorian and South Aus- tralian harvests have an interest for West Australians. The amount of wheat available for export from Victoria' will be under 80;000 bushels. The S.A. surplus for export is estimated at between 60,000' and ' 80 000 tons. The Hospital returns for December, which appeared in yesterdays issue, could hardly be more gratifying, and they give a point blank denial to the statement, so often made as to the unhealthy state of the towns on 'the gold- fields. -Not withstanding the extreme heat of the last month of the year, the returns show that on the 31st of the month. there was only an increase of one in the number of in- patients . and that no deaths took place. -That such a state of things or something approximate to it, may long be continued is the earnest wish of the Kalgoorlie Miner. ' The following are the amounts collected by means of the hospital boxes. The committee' state that they are very thankful to the ladies, and gentleman who have been instrumental in collecting, and more especially to "Georgie" and 'Joe' of the Australia Hotel,whose energy has brought about such satisfactory result, and who' have won the 'bracelets pre- sented by the gentlemen of Kalgoorlie:- Mr McGrath, 5.s 4d ; Mrs Alderdice,£8- 14s 6d ; Mrs Quigley, £3 11s ; Mr Speed,1s,7d Mrs Miller and Miss Rusha.'£7 9s 10d; Mr F. Morris, 1s 6d;Commercial hotel,1s 4d; Miss Morgan. 17s 10d: Australia Hotel, Georgie and Joe,£22 7s 6d:total £43 10s 5d. The law's delays are often vexatious,and those who had business, at the Kalgoorlie Police Court yesterday had reason to prove the truth of the statement. At 10 o'clock about 50 persons, interested in the proceed- ings of the Magistrates' Court, sat down for that hour, were, kept waiting for three- quarters of an hour for the apperance of a Justice of the the Peace. Several gentlemen had private business of an important kind to attend to, and they expressed themselves as much annoyed at the delay. The position of an honorary magistrate is purely honorary., and too much should not be expected of the gentlemen who hold commissions of the peace. At the same time their punctual at- tendance at the court at the 'appointed hour would greatly convenience the many persons interested. At 11.30 on New Years night a fire' broke' out in the tent belonging to Mr. Joseph Ash- ton, who is at present away from Kalgoorlie. It appears that Mr A. H. Bartlett(Town Clerk) had just returned from the town and that as he was entering his own camp, which was about a chain distant from Mr Ashton's, He heard a noise like the slamming of the gate of the bongli shed which surrounded the tent. Immediately afterwards he noticed that the tent was on fire. He ran round the walls of the shed, but to his surprise 'found that the fire had apparently begun in the middle of the tent. ' There was no hope of saving, the camp, which was a model one, having been very carefully, erected.-''It is possible that some one who had located Mr Ashton's tent set fire to it. As 'the circum- stances were very suspicious, Mr.Bartlett communicated with the police,who now have the matter in hand. If you want a pleasant evening in W.A., writes a Bulletin'' correspon- dent, live next door to an Afghan camp. Soon after tea every night a draped and ghost like figure steps forward into the firelight and begins a low monotone gradually increasing in volume and un- tunefulness, to enumerate things he has done,is dong,could do,and is going to be about to not-do,until nature refuses further utterance ; whereupon up springs another child of the desert anxious to 'cap' the deeds of wonder enacted by the other, and repeats "da capo/ The howls are accompanied by a banjo-like instrument of torture,on which an untiring accompanist tries to guess at and follow the probable refrain of the"singer" and fails dismally. About 11:30 p.m. things get exciting, husky vrit!: mu . - '**- ^an\U Oi.ebngfcascrec-clithat pu,, ; * ' ' I^roeuoU^ofdingoisiutlieshade. the ia.*t, tinio a)Jfj --v- [0 s\if}pt ! 