riT'THB BATTLE OP FLOWERS. 1 loltuu on oqo of tlio wnottan scats, and ? ^tasking in tlio morning sunshine 011 LaCroisotto | *t Cannes. II was five or tlx yarn sgo. Thei hHudt of tho whitofrontod Corolo Nrmtiqae i were carefully drawn, to protect the complexions I ? v efthoooe or two elderly members reading tbe ! \- newspHpers hi the b»g room; tho little enclosure j In front of tho club was enoumfcerod with j ? ? mountains of cano«l-ottoTucd chain*, to be used i when the military b*nd playod in tho afternoon; | \- Buinpelmeyer's, best and most expensive of afternoon tes^haants, slumbered in tho nun tS^bt ; and from tho doptbs of a grov© of palms ] nnd orange troas in tho garden of tho Grand Hotel (he drowsy burden of a Neopolitao song I was wafted on the warm air. | The soa sporkled and flashed ; tho yellow ! sunlight on the road and tho walls of the . garden's made one's eyes ache. Near in by j the narrow bnrbonr, nnd out bj' the green islands, the little pleasure boats which Are j peculiar to Cannes lacked and turned like aea birels sk'ttinnng over tlm blue waters. j Pr*sontly anold gontleman who wa».6itting at j the other end of tho bonch began to talk to m p. I Hs was grey-haired nnd dUtliiKuishcd-lo^king, | and wore the small red ribbon of the Legion of i Honour in the button-hole of his tight-fitting 1 frock-coat. He was not a Frenchman, however, j ? although un old resident in Cannes. Ho told ; mo a number of interesting facts connected; : with tho town in thcourlv days of ita popularity, i \- Bob what interested mo moat was hi* story | roUting to the big wbita villa on our loft. j It was a largo bonso standing book from tho j dn«ty road behind two iron gates and a low j stona wall. Thero was a gross- sown lnwn bo- j twiTn tho oarrisge drive nnd tl e parapet of tho ? wall ; and two or three big palms, the highest j 1 trees on tho Croisette,, threw their block j shadows upon tho rows of closely shuttered , windows. It was a solidly-built, stat' ly kind of i howe, but in the staring front and shuttered j windows tbore was a de pressing aspect, which j my companion pointed out to mo. j 'You notice Meat it ia unoccupied, although | the season is at its height,' be remarked. 4i It , l*tenyei»rs now unco anyone lived there, and I doubt verv much if it will erer be occupied 1 ? again. There aro pooplo who say that it is haunted.' 1 .: ? ?? *' And is it haunted ?' I asked. 4 Perhaps It is hnuntod for the owners,' he '? replied enigmatically. ?? Have you happened to n mark the o^rvin^s on tlm gates ? No I Well, if you look, you will sen the Imperial Bugle* of nuMia on both gates. The place belongs Io the Imperial Family— to one of tho ; Grand Dukes. 44 Hnunt* d !' he repeated. ' If it is so— and who shall say tlst such things may not be, sir P— it is haunted by the ghost of a very ? beautiful and very unhappy lady— the last ' person who ever lived within ihosu walls, sir. She was quit* young -two or three and twenty j —with the splendid dark hair and g'orieum eyes | of the women of the South of Fiance. Tall and | ' slender, gracious ond graceful, in g«*)d health, | aim must have be-on one of the handsomest j women in Europe. When I saw her, di^oace had ; already dulled the lustre of her eyes and I hollowed the follows if bar faoe. I can remorn- 1 member her sad smilo of weltorae, when I was : first shown into her presence, as well nn if it was ' yesterday, Bhe was lying on a coach before j the biasing wood-flre, in ono of the front rooms , looking out over tho bay, and the elderly J daroe d« compagnio who had summoned me j introduced mc to my patient without a word of i explanation as to the natnro of her complaint. | ** * Am I so til as they say, Doctor ?' she | asked in a low sweet vcioe. 1 Do not bo afraid \ to tell me tho truth.' 14 It was not a pleasant queition to answer. I ? I may say, that at this timo I had some slight j refutation for my method of treating chest! ? ? CA*es~l havo long since ceased to practice — aod j th^re could be no doubt ttiat there wns choat , v ' trunblo horo. I mude my ezaminntion ? hope- . \- less- tho luogs j.'Oing liko dry paper in a red i fire, und a consuming ft.ver to fan t/ie Tutal ? % flnme. It was tho horribly rapid destruction of | a naturally strong constitntion that had rea-ived a drath«blow. bho was doomed. Of courso I old not toll her so; but I enjoyed absolute ' quiet and th» greatest oare. nmking a cheerful allusiou to thu heal'ng powers of the sunny days in utorti for us, now that a windy Vobruiry waft nearly over. ' * bhtll I be well enough to be out ou tho ' dsy of the Battle of Flowers ?' she asked. * It is on on tho I4th of March, you know.' 14 1 told her th*t this mu*t depend on her caution and pationce* Theu I promised to come ~ to ueo her again ana went out with th« olderly» groy-liaircd companion. You muy imagino ttiat X put a good number of questions to this Kmve.vis.iged lady. It is csuenlial to a physi cian to be aoquaiutcd with the history of the case on whioh his advico is sought— the begin* J ning of tho nvil, its coarse, and so forth. But . precious little ks-Mulonce did 1 obtain. My | bt^sutlful pstient had evidently foi bidden her | dependent to give me any information. J-ho | bad no friends or relations, I waa told, who j ? . eould be summnnod to tho nick-bed. Bhe was , : hving nlono in tho big villa, with no^ly engnfted * servants to wait upon her, and not a soul to 1 \- . . che»r her through tho long dull days of ilioess ? ' but tho taciturn companion. ! v, - . t . ?? Will, Mr, I made my way straight to tho I boufr^ugents and banki rs, determined to Und , out all th-»t was possible concerning tho nu tter. { ' 'Jhe sgeut— an exceedingly ablo audobltgingj genth man— would tell mo everything he km w. ?r v ? Oddly enough lu* knew nothing. H 1 You ask who and what is Madamo ^ Gregory, th*) tf-nant of the Villa St. Mnrguer- I ' ite,' said my friend, *1 wish to beavenyou. \- .7 ' ; , oould tell us 1 . We know no moro than the man 1 i in tho moon. All 1 can tell you is— sho Is fabu- j lously rich, and sho has got us intoalotof tiouble, aud lost us an account whioh we highly ? , prised.'- ? J : . : ' . ? It appeared that early in the autumn the wgent wos instruct! d by tbo Imperial ownirs to find a tenant for the villa, Oust about ChiiBtma6 this Madamo Grcgoiy upplii d for it ; « l a provM(iiisl sgru ment W/ts mado - tho negotia 1 tiens tu be hi Id open for a few days. In (hose, . ' « few dHys came a despatch from St. I'otersburg ? - * saying ' that , tho Grund Duko himself mesnt to i ' . - - ' occupy the ht use with his young bride. The I -:v\ - *gt nts tried to break off tho agreement, but [ . .y ? '» oould not do so. They hud let tho villa, but ; frK*-:#-. -? - J tho price vrai rot vet settled. So they d»ter -.'?'?v-'i : £ v . miut d to gut rid of Madame Gregory by making j 'x. . a ? prepattmoua drmond. They named au 1 absurdly Iatge sum ; thu lady agreed to it with ? , i out a word of expostulation, and tho contract , had to bo tignod. Tho Grand Duke, it seemed, ' was furious, and an Imperial— and imperious : . . ? —client was lost to the agency, , 'Now, sir, -ou will hardly credit it, but for ] ? 1 ^ three weeks I attended my lovely patient, for j .'(hrvo weeks 1 played the part of a privuto ' \ t U« toetipe, , questioning eervauts, tradesmen,! 1 &o.; for three wc- ks I enjoyed a growing friend- 1 v' \ ' . '? ship with my poor charge— without, io the1 \-- / - slightest degree, piorcing the mystery whioh | x surrounded her. | 41 It cut me to tho heart to watoh this beauti* , ' , j ful youog creature fuding away, alone and \ friendless- to realise that she was unhappy, ? k i thatsomo crushing sorrow was fighting aguinst ?« I -i. theyoung life, side by sido with tho fell disease -—anil* yet to have no clue to lighten tho dark- ' i - ^ ntas abont her. Who can' minister to a mind j ^ VJ ^diseased ? I had a thousand suspicions, but ! r - never once made a guess within leagues of thu truth, until one day chance lifted tile veil. { : ' -y*'r. 4i I was sitting by hor bedside, willingly wasting/ an hour in the endeavour to brighten ^inibf* monatOD^ of her loup ilujn by » ? '? :r S { -0 1'*'^ : VC*; - !'? V VVv'-.. ?'?V r. ;;V- ?Ir'f*'- Httlb gossip of the outside world, when— *? she moved restlessly— thero fell from beneath h't pillow a heavy trinket. I steoped to pick it up, aud involuntarily examined it. *' It was an exquisite gold-framed miniature set with prcciouft stonos,and ourmountid by the Imperial crown of Russia in brilliants. But it was the fnee— tho mnn*n faeo in the miniature —that startled mo ho violently I murmured the man'rt namo as 1 Imndod the trinket back to her trembling hAuds. 14 1 Yes. It is tho Grand Duke Qregory Gregorovich of Russiiu and — my husband,' she satd slowly, and tuen burst into a torrent or tcara. Tho companion hai-temd to h(r side, begging and praying hor to composo herself and to say no mora. 41 But I said, ? My poor child, tell mo every thing. Look at my gn y heirs ; I am old enough to bo your fatl or. And aro not doctors the pticste of modern lifo ? Coiifees yourself. to me, and lot mo liulp you if I can.* 4* Well, then, sir, little hy little her story camo out— a story so comra- n that you, as a man of tho world, will probably have heard mauy^imilar. I will givu you the briefest out line, though, to me, tho unhappy girl poured out her whole heart, nnd Ailed in every little detail of her romance with the marvellous power which comes only from deep fosling. 41 This Russian was a scoundrel— a cowardly, oold-planning villnin. I can't help boing warm, sir. Ho camu to Algiers on a Russian manof war, at tho time r.hcn tho girls father, % groat Front h contractor, was engage:! on tho harbour works, and the family wore living in a big vilU above tho town. Tho sailor-prince deliberately set himself to win th' girl's heart. The weeks r« lio 1 by, tho ship should Ion* ago hnvo snilod, but tho Royal commander lingered. Ono night they were minted— solemnly, formally married —in their own names, before tbo French consul at Algiers. Tito yitl had no *hado of doubt as to the wtlidify of -hn conhvot ; the man knew tliav it w«fl ab»olut- ly worthless. That, sir, is Kus*iii*A Imperial method of scduction. i4 Tbt:n followed des- i ti--n, excuses, lies, and. finally, thointimotion that tho Cxiir had rofusod his ratification of thu union. Disgracod aud dishonoured, her father and mother dying of the bittorVhatne, the poor crcature foand h« r way to Bt. Petersburg, to pleod hop cnu*e with tho great tyrunt, and arrived only to find the 'man who had mine 1 her on tho eve of solemnising bis marritge with another woman. 44 Bho wsn standing in tho snow, outside the church, and the bridegroom saw her, and his fac^ turned pain as ho passed intov«rdstho hi(jh altar/ She wan standing in the snow, out side tho palace, whilr the marriage feaxt pro cei ded. Femu- no naw the dusoloto blnck Hpuro from the pslnce windows. An order woa given, nnd she was driven away by the Imperii! Gunrds at the point of tho bayonet. ** * I shwii tieo him once a^ain, Doctor/ sbn said, 1 Look you, the newspapers say he will bo here b- fore the flmt Bnttlo of Flowers. He wanted to biing her tu tliio house. He docs not guo«s who in his tenant.' # 44 1 sootlud her as well as I oould. I knew now why she clung to the idea ot being out for tho Buttle or Flowers, and I let her think sho would be well enough to be pre?' nt, though I knew there would bo no chnnce of it. 44 Now see how Strang, ly Providence, Fata, blind chance— call it what you will — orders things to pass. I shall never forget that 14th of March. The mistral was blowing, nnd the white dust won whiiling along the Croistttc— ono of those horrible March days whioh wo sometimes have Icro. I was taking my little niecft to see the flower battle, and sho was de lighted with the music of thu band, the beauti fully dccorsted carriages, the rain of blorsoms when parties of friends passed eoch other ; while I was shivering, and wondering nt tho folly and extravagance of tbcrwl olo business. 14 My little niece and I paved this very seat, sir, and had reuohed that further palm, when shouts and ohoering further down attracted my attention to an approaching vehicle. In a morm nt I n cegnised the splendid black horne9 — RomnnofTs— and tho gaudy liveries of the servauts. The whe els and body of the barouche, tho hnrnens of tho hoiscs n'-d box-seat were hidden by a thick coveting of white flowe a— lilies of-the-vtdley, white lilac, tuberoses — tho most expensive flowers, costing thousands and thousaudo of frnnrs. The carriage was the succrss of tho afternoon. It had won tho first prize— a gorgeous silk banner— and the Grand Duke Gregory and his fair young bride were in the most affntlo humour, bowing and laughing ond flower-throwing with the greatest energy. ' Precisely where I was standing a block occurrod. Tbe whito carriage camo to a stand still, Instinctively I looked across tho road to ! the Villa St. Marguerite. To my horror and ? amazement my patieht was standing in tbe gar den, with her bonds on tho low wnllt staring 1 with fixt d eyes into tho Royal carriage. Sud« ! denly ho saw her, started to his feat amid the 1 muss of blossom, and stood staring back at tho , woman he had wronged with u look of deadly ! torror in bis heavy face. Then I saw her lift a bouquet iu her hand ; but at tbe same moment a convulsive tit of coughing seized her. She1 staggered and reeled, bold the whito flu wet h to her mouth, nud m an instant thoy wero red, tlion burled them in the mans fuciu and fell back into tho companion's arms, vliilotl ocor ringo rolled on, and the bride and bridegroom the lilies and tho lilac, wero spattered and stained by ber life's blood. Yes, sir, it was ! fine, was It not P 1 shall never forgot it. Bhe wns dead beforo I had crossed the road and on tared the garden. Sudden hemorrhage, &o.; 44 Shu was buriod in tho cemetery over yonder , —a hugti white sarcophagus, dominating tbe , hill and the harbour— we ought to be uble to sue it from whero we sit— aud deeply out on one face of it (tho face which points to Russia) were tho plain words, 4 Here lies ' — I won't tell yuu the name-4 lawful and on'y wife of Greg j ory G t Cfjoruvi teh ,G rn nd Duke »nd Arch- Traitor i of Hun-kin,, That »vna till. But the Czar heird of tlml inscription, mude atreruous n presenta tions, and the Fienoh Govt rnment. offered bjoo- phantic upoUunes, und cl. Celled it out— cut it clean away; an that if you go to the comoteiy and look at tlm grrst white tomb, you will sie no , word or *yllnblc to tell you it murks the retting 1 pldco of a deeply- wronged woman. 11 But I havo wearied yuu wiih this narrative. Sir, I have the honour to wish you good morn ii-g.'*— ?? Tho World.' 