GOSSIP FROM F0G0P0LIS (From Our London Correspondent.) Loitook, March 28. It ia not generally known that the motto inscribed on the Baya Zerga, or black flag of the Khalifa, is " Nekhrib el Donia wa nammir'el Akher"—(We shall destroy this and create the next World). On the flags of each of the Emirs of the Dervishes the Moslem creed is written, with ihe m>rds " SnccessoroftheProphet," espeakllydirected against the Saltan of Turkey, who chums the title. Each Emir has also his own "nahas," or war-drams of brass, while the Khalifa has a great " onbaia," a very powerful wind instrument made of an elephant's tusk, hollowed out, which, when blown, gives forth a very loud and impressive sound. ' Blasts are sounded upon it on State occasions, and its notes command silence. " Queen Victoria has only once or twice availed herself of the privilege of driving down the middle of Rotten Bow —a prerogative belonging exclusively to the -reigning sovereign. From this ancient privilege came the name "Route due Roi,'' contracted into "Botten Bow." Of course, yoar representative and the gallant Captain may be daily seen mounted on fiery and untamed hacks, witching the world with fair horsemanship." Apropos of equestrianism, it is re- • lated of a prominent citizen of Arizona that he once met a prominent citizen of \- Montana on the neutral ground of 1 Colorado. Ti e subject of bucking horses ' coming up the prominent citizen of Arizona said :—" We have some very skilful riders down in my country. This of course shows out particularly when they are breaking wild broncoes to ride. When an infuriated mustang, saddled for the first time, and rearing and bucking with all the terrific energy of his : 'savage nature, looks up out of the tail of his eye and watches his rider calmly roll and light a cigarette it has an excellent effect on him, and usually he cools down, realising the hopelessness of his task." Then spoke the prominent citizen of Montana:—** That will do very well, I dare say, for the com- . paratively mild and inoffensive horses of your southern latitude, but it has. been found to have no influence whatever on our fierce and vicious be&sts.; But when one of our cow-boys mounts a bronco for the first tame it helps greatly to subdue the creature when, after he has leaped and pitched for 15 - minutes, he happens to glance back and finds his rider quietly shaving, holding a small mirror in one hand and the razor in the other, with the mng, hot water, and bay rum in a little basket on his arm. Ah, it's all in knowing how, this subjugating a Montana bronco !" Then the meeting of prominent citizens adjourned to the nearest " pub." death of Judge Thomas Hughes, Q.C.. whiyh took place at Brighton last Sunday, will be generally regretted. He . was the author of many works, but it will be by " Tom Brown's Schooldays " he will be best remembered, and whereever the English language is read there are those to whom the announcement will bring with it- a sense of personal loss. Not perhaps a great man in any Tespects, not brilliant or greatly gifted as brilliancy and gifts are ot&inarily; estimated, but a strong, capable, sturdy, honest man, who would certainly have taken more prominent rank but that he hated the puihing and scheming, the self-assertion and vulgar bidding for popularity by which prominence is so often gained. The death is announced at New York of Mr. William A. Judge, who achieved some notoriety a year or two Ago;inconsequence of certain exposures with \- regard to deceptions perpetrated on the simple minded member of the Theosophical Society. The story of Mr. Judge's bogus messages from " the masters," and of the way in which Mrs. .Besant was for a time hoaxed thereby, formed the subject of some diverting articles in the " Westminster Gazette," afterwards republished under the title *' Isis very much unveiled; the Story of the Great Mahatma Hoax." When the hoax was exposed, Mrs. BeBant and •other members of the Theosophical Society in this country were for taking action against Mr. Judge, but Mr. Judge forestalled such action by cutting off them. , Mrs. Besant, he declared on the authority of the Mahatinas/ to have fallen under the influence of black magicians, and he proceeded to proclaim ihe American section of the Theoi sophists as an independent body, and the sole repository of the true faith. Mr. Judge, who was by profession a lawyer, was a " disciple " of the late Madame Blavatsky. He was very much respected by ihe majority of the American adherents of the Theosophical Society. There is a precedent in English Parliamentary history for the reformation 'made by Mr. Speaker Beid in the habits "of the United States House of Bepresentatives by the peremptory prohibition of smoking within the chamber of the House. The Standing Orders of the English House of Commons issued about the middle of the seventeenth century thus. prescribe tobatbo: — " Ordered, that ; no memBier of the House do prestiine to smoke tobacco in "the gallery or at the table of thei House, sitting as committees." Candor, .however, constrains me to confess that I have myself seen a cigar taken from the smoking-room when the division bell rang, and kept alight till the member returned to the smoking-room by a surreptitious whiff in the division lobby. treaty to the Commission for the sdjasfcinentof the British claims against the L United States seizures in Behring Sea, -firorder that changes may be made in it as suggested by Mr. Olney and the . members o£ the Foreign Relations Committee, that committee met at Washington to hear Mr. Olney's replies to questions addressed to fa'tri concerning the treaty. It is believed that the amended treaty will provide that if any claims are .made by the United States sealers against Great' Britain, such claims may be considered by the Commission. » The Irish Nationalist party can number among its members representatives of some of the oldest and most historic families in the country. It has, however, of late years not been recruited from the ranks of the nobility. In 1874, when the Irish Parliamentary party was formed under the leadership of Mr. Butt, the first chairman, it had in its ranks no fewer than four sons or brothers of noblemen. Lord Robert Montagu, the brother of the Duke of Manchester, sat for Westmeath; Lord Francis Conyngham, a brotherof the Marquess Conyngham was member for Clare; while Tipperary was represented by the Honl Charles White, a brother of Lord Annaly, and by the Hon. W. F. O'Calkghan, a son of the Earl of Lismore. A novel dodge was employed, says a Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraphy by an individual gifted with ventriloquial powers to avoid paying his hotel bill. For several nights the visitors at the hostelry in question had been disturbed by loud cries for help that emanated seemingly from a woman on the second story. Everyone turned out into the passages, thinking one of the visitors was in his death throes, but an examination of the apartment at once demonstrated that no tragedy had taken place there. The noises that issued from the room were certainly of a most distressing kind— gasps and moans mingling with mournful and shrill cries, occasionally varied by imitations of a child in ijs death agonies, and eerie sounds suggesting the proximity of a ghost. Some hinted that the house was haunted; but the manager, more practical, sent for a police inspector, to keep an all-night, vigil in the room. On that occasion no sound was heard, but, strange to relate, the occupant cf the adjoining apartment had vanished next morning. In his place he left a note saying that he exorcised the spirits that troubled tlie household, and had carried them off with him. He considered this serviae was at least equivalent to the bill of 120 odd francs he owed the landlord, and thus both conld cry quits. The proprietor has thought otherwise, and the police are now actively searching for this imitator of Valentine Vox. Some severe comments are made by the Mysore Standard with regard to " General" Booth's Peasant Settlement Scheme in India. This paper, alleges that Mr. Booth is too credulous if he thinks that' ihe Salvation Army in India is anything more genuine than a gang of hired heathen mercenaries, who adopt " salvation" as a means of employment. The Government of Bombay repudiates the much circulated rumour that they have promised any kind of help, and it appears that the 500 acres of land obtained as a settlement for Salvationist families are fanned, not by Salvationists, but by outside casual labourers. There is only one Christian employed,\and that is the nett result of 20.000 rupees having been spent in the General's attempt to plant a Christian colony. In a letter to the Standard the Rev. Mr. Gillespie, a Presbyterian missionary, : deplores the circumstance that European Christians should provide funds used by the Army "for aggressively Christian work on purely heathen settlements." A horrible scene occurred at Chicago the other day, when a huge elephant named Empress attacked and killed her keeper, Scott. The latter opened the <loor of the bam where the elephant was, for the purpose of bringing " her out for exercise. He took the elephant into an alley leading to the street, and whfen she knelt in obedience to to his command he mounted her head-and stood there for a few minutes. He then struck with the hooked stick carried by elephant drivers the, back .of the animal's right ear. She knelt again, and Scott jumped to the ground. As soon as he was down Empress Rose, and, giving ,an angry shriek, seized Scott .with her trunk, and whirling him twice round in the air, threw him with such force across the alley that he broke the. doors of another barn and fell inside. The elephant looked at Scott a moment, put her trunk through the hole^in the door and dragged him out again, and then held him against the wall while she crushed him with her tusks, finishing by throwing hiu^ into the air. The elephant then ran off to the barn, Scott dying while beiug taken to the hospital. Empress, who is believed to be about 100 years old, had' jalready killed two men in America, Scott being her third victim, and had previously killed two men in England. 