THE MASTER OF OLD COURT PLACE; ! OR. FROM TREACHERY TO TRUST. BY HEDLEV RICHARDS. JAuthor of "Sentence Pronounced," "A Welsh Princess," "The Omerod 'My stery," Etc., Etc. I CHAPTER XIV.-(Continued.) "'When I landed in England," con tinued Mrs Carruthers, "I at once en gaged a detective to trace you, and found. that Martin had not married you 'when the news came that Agatha had been drowned. By the time you were traced to Miss Delaney's you had heard that you were AMr Sturt's granddaughter and heiress, so that the offer I had inten ded making was superfluous." "What were you going to offer?" in quired Grace. "To settle a comfortable income upon you. I wanted to show my sympathy in a practical way. Yes, Grace-if I may call you so-from the time Il:eard of the affair I have felt a deep sympathy for you. which has developed into love. One thing has puzzled me very much-that the detective failed to trace your move mr nts from the time you left Martin's hoi:se until you were accidentally dis covered to be residing at Miss Delaney's. I have wondered how you got to know her." "I can easily explain that. Sidney saved me from committing suicide;" nnd Grace told what happened on that awful winter's night, which now scented ages ago. "What a wretch Martin Barron is! He deserves no mercy on any score," said Mrs Carruthers. "Are you still resolved to have your revenge?" asked Grace. "Yes; and a bitter one it will be." "But think of Alice. What an awful thing it will be for her if her husband suffers the penalty of his crime," urged Grace. "She doesn't love him." "But she bears his name, and will feel the disgrace keenly," pleaded Grace. "I will have my revenge. Martin Bar ronkilled mybrother-yes,andslhortened my father's life, besides causing a slur to rest on his name. I know some people believed that he killed Clifford-that he was not in Wales at the time of the mur der. I will vindicate his name and have my revenge." "'Vengeance is mine. I will repay, salth the Lord,' " said Grace solemnly. "That may be; but I cannot stand and wait. Beside, look at that poor mad girl. I am certain she is Phyllis Blount, and site must be released." "Are you any nearer finding out the truth about the murder?" asked Grace. "Yes; but once the ghost of Agatha Goddard enters Old Court Place, she will learn something." -"You don't mean to go there?" ex claimed Orace. "Indeed I do. Martin thlnks I am a spirit, and so does the old butler. I fear no one but Martha Gee, as she has sharp eyes and a sharp tongue." "I should advise you to be cautions, for if Martin discovers who you are, and your object in coming here. your life may be in danger." j "I know that; but I don't mean to let him discover anything. Do you know it seems to me that everything is work ing so as to bring the crime to light. For instance, that dream of Alice's is a very singular thing. Then there is the way in which that girl manages to parade the house. I cannot understand r how she escapes from under Martha 'Gee's vigilant eye, but I mean to find her hiding place," said Mrs Carruthers, as rhe rose. ' s * "Well, this has been a night of revela- t tions, and now I should like tc know what I am to call you?" said Grace. "It won't do to call me Maude, or fMartin might learn my name from his wife. Then his suspicions would per haps be aroused, so for the present it must be Mrs Carruthers." At that moment the clock on the man tel- piece struck one, and with a good night the friends parted. When she was alone Grace seated herself and fell into a train of thought, which finally merged into the one ques- t tion-"Could she stand by and see Mar tin Barron delivered up to die a felon's death? If he had murdered Captain Goddard he richly deserved his fate, I but she had once loved him," and Grace shrank from the thought of the awful doom that awaited him. Of course in warning him she would be acting unfairly by Mrs Carruthers, and this thought weighed strongly with 1 her. At last she resolved to wait, and 4 see how matters turned out, as it was quite possible that the additional proof required might not be easy to find. Then Martin would be safe. "But poor Alice, what of her? Was she to be allowed to spend her life with a man whose hands were stained with blood?" It was a knotty qluestion, and with a sigh Grace gave it up, and prepared for r'est. 