LIU HI'S 1HL CHAPTER XXIX. When Loila had driven away from Wilton - Crosbie, she had, as a sort of comfort to her self j. determined that if any opportunity were \- lier of : doing so -delicately and quietly, Ul italic would open lier heart to Mrs. Sylvester j y and take her advice on this matter of Mrs.. Bernardino ; but she had scarcely been an. hour in .the genial, sympathetic atmosphere, of her friend's home before all her worries seemed to vanish into lliin air ; and later on when the thong lit of confiding either, to. Mar-: got or Mrs. Sylvester came into lier mmd;. Xioila instantly dismissed it. 'It would hurt ..Julian. dreadfully if ho; thought I could speak against his mother even In the very faintest way,' she had said to herself, ' and more so if he thought I could' take my troubles to any one but to him. No doubt, all will be different when I go back.. At all events, I ' will try find 'malce them . different.'' The sojourn with Margot and her mother liad como at the very moment it was most needed, and when the. girl returned. to, Wilton Crosbie it would be with her spirit refreslied and strengthened in every way. ? ' I mean to carry jovl back with me when I go, Margot !' Leila cried, as they : walked on swiftly. : ' You won't say no, will you,' dear?'' ? ? ?. Margot colored' faintly beneath her veil. Brave as she was, the pain of her heart was not quite gone yet. ' Of course, I won't say ' no,' Leila. Only I must not leave mother quite alone, and Cicely will not be home till January, I am \--?afraid.' ? -.. -1. ' Oh, Mrs. Sylvester must come, too !' The two girls were close to the big house in Belgrave Square by this time, and as they hurried along they could see the lights gleam ing from the windows as a sort of greeting to them. : The keen east- wind that swept through the ? streets hastened the footsteps of most of those who found themselves out of doors, but there was an occasional loiterer ; and just as Leila and Margot had reached the steps of Mrs. Sylvester's house they passed a shabby ill-clad man, who was sauntering along tho pavement \- whistling softly to himself, and seemingly impervious- to the biting cold of the winter \- dusk. Neither of the girls noticed him;. there v ~ was, in fact, no reason why they should do so, '? 'and he,- in his turn, bestowed no notice on them till, as they ran up the steps, Leila's voice sounded out clearly as she made some \- laughing remark. The man on the pavement paused irreso lutely, all his indifference gone, as that sound reached his ear ; he had an air of excitement about him for a moment, then he moved for ward as though he would have spoken ; and then the butler had opened the door and the two charming, girlish figures had flitted into the big, well- lit hall and were lost to sight. The man Jstood gazing at the door for an other moment, and as he stood a postman - ? came, toward liim brisk and busy, going in \- and out of each doorway with a packet in his hand and his bag slung over his shoulder. Rousing himself and shivering a little in the wind, the man suddenly addressed- the postman and asked for the name of the owner ?of the big house in front of which he was standing. ; The postman stopped whistling for aii in stant, with a glance half curiosity, half sus picion, then be spoke Mrs. Sylvester's name, and, with a characteristic sling of the canvas bag higher on his shoulder, passed quickyl on. The other looked after him, then shrugged his shoulders aud continued his walk. ' A'mistake,' he said to himself ' but the .voice was just when I remember hers used to ?be, only brighter, younger orie might almost say. Besides, if' that old woman's story was true — and why should it not bo truo!-— the girl I. want is a long way off from wlicre.I am now.' ?? - ?- ? ? ? He fell into his former slouching walk, again, aud in a little while he was. out of the square, and the dusk and gloom of the park had ? Swallowed him up out of sight. Margot reported: all that had occurred to lier mother, who listened attentively. ? She had a passing smile of contempt for the story, of how Eustace Yane had presented ? himself in Mountroyal Strcot and claimed his Old furnitures. \ Which was never his at any time,' she said as she smiled. ? Sho commended Margot for advising Mrs. Nowton to apply direct to Julian if any other porsons nppuaved inquiring for Leila. ? 'No doubt t.iere is a fmo ossortment of debts of 'which tho child knows nothing. Mrs. Newton ought to send these individuals ?on to where tho tuinituio has been taken.' Margot smiled a, little like her mother now. ' -Don't you know Mr. Yane better than to \- ? suppose he would be so simple as to leave a clue to his .whereabouts ? The furniture was taken to a' warehouse to be stored for a time.' ' Well, '''Mrs.. Sylvester said, after this, -! Then Julian, is the proper person to deal ?with all this, and so I shall tell him to-niglit.' Tlion Margot spoke of Leila's desiro°tliat ! she should go with them when they returned, and ,stay at Wilton Crosbie for some time. To. her surprise Margot found that lior mother soconded this warmly. ' I don't like to lose my bairn for long,' Mrs. Sylvester said, with that soft tone that came^ into her voice now and then; ' and feertainly. if you don't want to go, Margot, it will be better to refuse. But if you feel you are equal to any strain such a visit might entail upon you,' I confess I should be delighted for you t° do what Leila wants. How do ' ' ? you. feel yourself ?' i v- 'v. ?Margot. stretched out 'her hands to the fire ; ?she smiled faintly. f ' I foci that I shall be very happy at Wilton Crosbie, if yon think you can spare inc. Per haps you will come down, too, mother, as Leila suggests. : She would be delighted.' Mrs. Sylvester nodded her head. ' Perhaps I .will,' she said, in her usual curt way. She stood looking into the fire for a moment. ' How happy the child is, Margot,' she said, breaking her silence after that moment. ' It seems almost incredible that she could be the Leila we have known. This visit to Mountroyal Street is, as you say, the greatest test,, and the greatest proof at the same time, of the wonderful way tho child's over- strained nervous system lias been strengthened and changed. I certainly feared : she would como home much upset.' Mrs. Sylvester paused again. ' It settles- a theory i of mine pretty conclusively too,' slie said, after a moment, and her tone was so concise ( that Margot looked at her mother, inquiringly, i Mrs. Sylvester answered that look in words. ' A theory,'- she said,-' that Eustace Yane has assuredly lost the power to hurt or dis tress Leila as lie used to, and that I do :iiot fear his influence uj-on her in the future, unless it is worked by another and for another end altogether!' Margot looked mystified. ' What other person could work upon her, mother ?' sho asked, hurriedly. ' . But Sirs Sylvestor was bustling out of the room. - ' Dinner will be served at seven, you know, Margot. If you don't run and dress, you will be late, and you -will make us late, too, for the beginning : of the play. .Hurry up, my, dear ! I ' expect Leila has been ready long ago.' ? ? Margot hurried obediently, but her mind dwelt a little 011 her mother's, enigmatical speech as she changed her outdoor clothes for a pretty evening frock. - ' Mother never speaks without thought or reason,' the girl said to herself;, and she de termined before very long that she would ask direct for the reason that lay at the bottom of those last words that had been spoken about Leila's father and lier future. : CHAPTER XXX. - - ' . Margot had to wait a long time for a chance of carrying this determination into offect. r As a matter of fact, her mother's somewhat mysterious words slipped from her memory altogether in the days that followed. Tlie Bernardines were leaving town at the end of the week, and each day, hour, ip. fact, was filled with engagements ar.d little businesses which pertained chiefly to shopping and other such things, so that there was no time for confidential chat. It was decided that Margot was to go back with Sir Julian and his wife. ' And I mean to keep her all the winter,' Leila cried, defiantly, to Mrs. Sylvester. Julian was almost as pleased as his wife at Margot's decision. ' There will be one person, however, who will not join in with our pleasure,' he said to Leila, and his eye 3 had a significant expression as they turned in the direction of Giles Ber nardine, who was dining, as he very often did now, with the Sylvesters, and was talking to Margot with an ill-repressed air of despondency about him. Leila had a rush of tender feelings at her heart as. she-followed her husband's eyes. ' Oh, poor boy ! I have been so selhsli, only thinking of myself 'all the time! Julian, we must ask him down for the Now: Year ; lie will be able to come, won't he ?' 'For a day or two, I expect. Ask him yourself, my sweetheart.' Leila was not long in carrying out this pleasant task, and the delight that rushed over the young man's face gave her a throb of warmest satisfaction. ~ ' ' He loves Margot with all his heart and soul,' she said afterward to Julian '; ' butSvlio coula wonder at it ? To me I think Margot grows more beautiful in mind arid body each day I know her.', 'She doesn't seem to give him much en couragement, though, does -she?'- Julian an swered. ' Oh, that .will come later, perhaps— at any rate she likes him immensely, and- that is a great step !' . Julian smiled. *' Is it, little match-maker ?' It was a gay party that started from Euston for Wilton Crosbie, for Leila had simply carried Mrs. Sylvester off by force. 'I can only stay a few days,' Margot's mother had cried, as she yielded. | ?' You are going to stay as long as I choose,'.! wasyLeila's reply to this.. . : I She had written a charming letter to Mrs. i Bernardine, announcing the day' and hour of their return and the arrival of the guests who- wore going to spend Christmas with them. ? She had sent only a few words, but she had infused into them all the affections she desired so eagerly to lavish on her husband's mother. Not one .of her three companions would have been able to guess at the motive, that had urged Mrs Sylvester to pay this brief visit to Wilton Crosbie. She had not needed any confidence from Leila, shrewd woman as she was ; she had gauged pretty correctly- the real state of things betwoen tlio young mistress of Wilton Crosbie and tho old 'one. She honoured and loved Leila for her loyalty to her husband and to that husband's mother ; but tliere. had been to her eyes plain evidence' of some little strain— some little jarring note that had marred the complete happiness of the girl's first days of life at Wilton Crosbie ; and as this ' evidence — this slightly worried expression— had vanished so completely after only a few hours' sojourn in her house, Mrs. Sylvester had immediately assured lier-' solf that her first fears had been correct, and that the jarring note, however faint it might be, had been wrought by Mrs. Bernardirie's influence, and by none other. 'Poor, silly creature !' she had said to her self, not without a touch of sincere pity for the suffering that she knew would be attached to the workings of a mind so 'impregnated with jealousy. ' Poor, silly creature ! No doubt she is as unhappy as she can be ; but it is just as likely that her silliness may becomo dangerous if it is allowed to develop too much. Leila will tell me nothing, so I will go there for a day or two and make my own observations.' Whatever objectionable feelings may have hid possession of Mrs. Bernardino's' mind to ward her daughter-in-law and tho guests who accompanied Leila, thoy .were not disclosed, either in her manner or her expression. She was perhaps more quiet, more subdued ! altogether than- she had been on the occasion ? of Mrs. Sylvester's last visit to Wilton. Cros b:e ;'but sho was as charming as ever, and her ? remarkable youth ? and beauty had never seemed stronger than they were now. I She had a warm greeting from Margot and Mrs. Sylvester. Leila she kissed in a gentle yet sweet way, but she flung herself into her ; boy's arms with all the old impulsiveness and eagerness wlii_cli had marked her treatment of him. ' Mrs. Sylvester was pleased at this sign of. impulse ; slie thought it spoko altogether of a more healthy feeling than slie had expected to ' find, arid though she watched very narrowly, ' sho was bound to confess that whatever Mrs. Bernardine's manner might havo been in the beginning of Julian's married life there was no great fault to be found with it now. ? ... ' It was Leila who quite iuriocehtly: gave her; friend to understand how big a change. Mrs:; Bernardine had made in lior manner toward, lior daughter-in-law.- It was- not tlio words i tho girl said -'. that . betrayed so much, it ' was the expression of relief that had been written so very clearly on Leila's lovely, faeo in the first moment of entering her husband s homo and greeting her husband's mother. , , ' ' Let us: hope she lias conquered herself finally and thoroughly,' was Mrs. Sylvester s thought. She found nothing to jar on. her during the days that followed,.: ' Nevertheless-- she still kept to tlio conclusion that Julian^ and his wife would be happier _ in the ..long' run if the oldeii woman were to^make lier home apart from theirs, ' It is certainly not my .business, and I can't1 interfere. ? .1 spoke out- to Julian more plainly than I should. ever havo 'dreamed of doing under ordinary circumstances, and/I achieved nothing by my plain words,'; so; it is pretty 1 evident I cannot spealc again,'' Mrs. ; Sylvester said to herself ; ' all the same I wish' Leila would pluck up lior spirit and boldly broach tho matter. It is all very smooth and gentle, and yet .1 am not quite content.: ? A weak jealous nature is always a weak, jealous mature, and this one is not_used to bear ' much. Thank goodness, ? Julian managed to save her from that old scoundrel's, schemes. She would have been a broken-. ? hearted woman in a week. How on earth so cliarmiug a creaturo as she is could liave been taken in by such a man is more than I can understand. Poor Leila, if she could know all that happened in tho summer she would -be better prepared for all that would happen in the future. But things are better as they are, for this last knowledge would be enough to cloud lior married happiness forever.' Before taking her departure from Wilton Crosbie, Mrs. Sylvester had extracted a promise from Mrs. Bernardino that she would go to London eai'ly in the now year arid pay a long visit. , Mrs Bernardine consented willingly. ' I shall enjoy helping dear pretty Cis choose her trousseau,' she said, arid then she had sighed wistfully. ' I have been a little ? out of the habit of paying visits,' she went ori, with a faint smile that was touched with sad ness, ' but now it is different. Julian has some one to look after him better than I can ; he will not miss me.' . Mrs. Sylvesit!' was touched by this'wist fulness, but she did not intend to show this, or to let so fine an opportunity escape her. 'Ah, my dear,' she said, briskly; -:' that is -just the one lesson we mothers always shrink from learning, and it is just the very 'lesson we ought to learn first of all. We are every- / ?thing to our chicks as long as they are chicks, but as soon as they are fully fledged and are launched in the world, with a new companion, they show us that they are better without us, ansl that we are better away from them.' Mrj. Bernardine's face had flushed and then grown very pale. Bitter and even pas sionate words fluttered on her lips, but she did not speak them. That strong, subtle power that -had her so completely in hand checked the impulsiveness with which, a little while ago, she would have answered this speech. She knew it was uttered with a dis tinct purpose in every word; and Mrs. Sylvester would have been strangely aston ished, and perturbedf too, if she could have realised exactly how much harm her blunt opinion was about to work in the hysterical, jealous, miserable heart of the woman to whom she «poke. She did notice the pallor and the pained look in tlie eyes , but she attributed them to the natural shrinking of this over-fond | mother, to the sentiment sho had expressed. 'Poor creature !' she said again to herself. And then she had a feeling of relief in pictur ing the benefit she would work to Mrs. Bernard ine during their forthcoming stay together, and so indirectly to the young couple whose happiness she had so much at heart. ? # * * - # * ' Winter seemed to slip away altogether for a time aftor the new year was born. !' 'Do you ever remember such weather at . this time of the year?' was the '.question that passed and repassed a hundred times a day. 'We shall suffer for this in the i summer. I suppose there will bo snow in July,' Sir, Julian said as tho sun poured down upon, tliom with wonderful* strength and warmth. ' I don't care how long it lasts;'? Margot 'cried. - She- was looking at Leila.v Never since she had first learned to love her friend had she seen such a glow of health on Leila's delicate face. .1. ' 'It. reminds m) of our old .Christmas days,' Mrs. Bernardino said, in tlio wistful, geiitlo voice that was lior ordinary tone nowa days.:. . f Giles Bernardine had como and gone. ' When are you coming back to town ?' he had asked Margot as he said farewell. ' I do not mean to. go until I am driven away,' slie had answered, laughingly, vat which Leila had clapped her hands., ; ' Then you will never, go ! ? Never, never, never!' . Mrs.' Bernardine was thinking this over, as they were all clustered together in tlio big hall this lovely sunny morning. A ' Does she really mean to stay forever ?'' the woman asked herself, sullenly. ? She had all at once conceived a. dislike for Margot. - She imagined that the girl's pres enco was all part of a plot between Leila and Mrs. Sylvester to discomfort her, never stopping to ask herself what reason they should have for doing so. Margot's presence was a barrier in tho pathway of her spite, her jealous eagerness to ?wrench Julian's love and trust away from his wife. _ Margot brought such an atmosphere of bright, healthy happiness into the small circle that Mrs. Bernardine unconsciously yielded to the influence herself., A few months ago sho had loved Margot, and sho had nevor been so happy as when tlie girl was her guest. This was all altered now. She wanted to arguo with herself that she ? would have grown to Iqyo Margot more and ' more had she been made his wife instead of Leila. But she must have known perfectly well that she would have .had just, the same hot jealousy against any girl Julian might have married as against Leila ; although, of course, circtfmstauccs had been terribly aggravated where Leila was concerned. Margot was happily ignorant of this, change of feeling towards, herself. She was, in fact, a little sorry for Mrs. Bornardino, but she was most careful not to let this escape- her. The girl herself wns fast growing into lier old peaceful, happy self again, and though she did not realise how strong the feeling was, she had an undeniable sense of pleasure attached to . all intercourse with Giles Bernardino. Leila, , too, had quickly learned to. like her husband's cousin most warmly. , . ' I wish he could have stayed,' slie said, as tlioy fell to discussing Giles ou .this particular morning. .. , . , ; , ..... . \- ' ' I think your interest in:my cousin most unpardonable,- madamo,' Julian obsorvod, as ho pinched her car. ' I don't mind confessing that I love him. with all my heart !' Leila cricd, lightly. ' Ho is so handsome, such a dear, sweet boy, and he begins to look quite happy again. Julian,, he ought to be very grateful to you for all you did for him.' Julian was stroking the dclicato check now. ''I think ho is grateful, sweetheart,' he said; gently ; ' in fact,T'm suro he is.' - , His mother, sitting a little distancs away turned and canglit the frown on his face she translated it literally, and her- heart throbbed. , ' When' the first infatuation -is gone, some of the bitterness must como. Sho must be robbed of some of lior' power,' was lior thought. ' ? ? As though desirous of escaping tlio drift the conversation had taken, : Julian, with some laughing remark passed out into the sunshine beyond. , _ \- Leila went on discussing Giles-Bernardino. ' He seems as-tliongh lie had forgotten all his trouble : ho never talks of it, does he, Margot ?'? - It was Mrs. Bernardine who answered this. Slie spoke very hurriedly, and there was a coldness and a bitterness in her voice that startled both tho girls. ' Giles would have assuredly too much tact to discuss so unpleasant a subject hero,' she said, and she spoko very distinctly. Neither Leila nor Margot made. an answer 'to this, and there fell a sort of heaviness upon them which neither could shako off. Tho insinuation that ran in Mrs. Ber nardino's speech was not in the very least intelligible to them. It gave her, however, the first thrill bf satisfaction to see the cloud gather on Leila's face. Eate (so she would have said) seemed to favour her altogether this morning, for before another quarter of an hour liad gone a clue had been given her — given her palpably and clearly — that there was one trouble connected with Leila's past which, if followed up rightly, might, most likely, afford her some more definite material upon which to found the ruin her bitter hatred and jealousy had determined should come to the girl's happiness. It was only a very little thing that gave such a changed aspect to the future of her thoughts— only the mention of a man's name, spoken casually, carelessly by. Margot; but to Helen Bernardirie's eager eyes, to her quick, suspicious nature, it was enough. ? - - ' . They had gradually drifted back into con versation again. The two girls, as by some secret accord, eagerly dismissed that cold, unpleasant speech ; and Margot, with her rare tact, had wooed Mrs. Bernardine into giving them some more of her Australian- experiences. ' Imagine a tropical Christmas Day !' she had cried. ' It sounds like a dream. Leila, would you not like, to go to Australia ?' Leila shook her head slowly. Another time she would have smiled, perhaps ; but now she was feeling' hurt in a way she could hardly describe, and. some of the old nervousness and dread had rushed back into her mind. Mrs, Bernardine's curious words and curious tone of voice had disturbed her very much. ' Why should Giles Bernardine be so care ful not to discuss that old trouble here ?' she was asking herself in a vague sort of way. Margot's question, put so brightly, gave lior another touch of that old discomfort. Qf late she had grown accustomed to listen to; mention of Australia without any discomfort ; ; but this morning somehow all the old misor-j able horror attached to the word ' came back toiler. She gave a slight shiver. - ; 'No; I have never wanted 'to go to Aus-i tralia, Margot,' she said, some of the feeling; that crowded her breast escaping her involun-j tarily. Mrs. Bernardine looked round at- this. 'It was your husband's home for many; years,' she said, and there was a reproach in each separate word, and a resentment, too. What right had Leila to object to Australia ? Margot, conscious every moment that some thing was going very wrong, rushed into' tlie; breach gallantly. To herself she confessed. she|did not quite understand Mr. Bernardine's? manner this morning. . - ' Oh, she is only talking -nonsense. Of course, she would love to go ovor there and: see Julian's own homo; and, after all, you have been to Australia, you know, Leila, in one sense, and Julian really saw your face for the: first time all that way— away ! Don't you re member the day you met him first at our house; ho told you that he had seen your photograph in Henry Bartlett's room, and he recognised yon at once ?' — ? Leila had grown very 'cold— very pale. ' Yes, I remember,' sbo said; and. at the sound of her voice Mrs. Bernardine looked at her again, and as she looked there was a burst of something like triumph in tlio, fooling that took possession of her. - ? ' . ? ' What wXs tliis Henry Bartlott, and what place had lie in her life ? She looks as though she had seen a ghost. I must follow this up. Ah, I knew the day would como when I should find that this proud, beautiful, pure Leila could hide soine secret in her heart— the daughter of such a man, and married -to my boy ! Oh, Julian, if, you would only have listened to me !' Already her imagination had run into a fact. It was the first stone' in the fabric a woman's foolish hatred was about to build between the son she loved with siicli selfish love and the woman who was dearer to him than his life. CHAPTER XXXI. Margot's feeling, when she was alone after that episode in the hall, .yas one of some mystification and undoubted trouble. She could not shut her eyes to the fact that Mrs. Bernardino's manner to Leila had been distinctly disagreeablo, and -it had . been only ? too evident to her that her dear girl-friend had been deeply hurt by the fact, Leila's brightness had faded away completely in that one moment. ' I am afraid it is going to be a mistake for Mrs. Bernardino to live here,'- Margot said to i herself. 'Sho has boon very sweet and nice | but sho can bo very offensive, too. Slio was j most disagreeable this morning, and' her eyes ? had such a funny expression- in them. I wonder she does not suggost going away of lier own accord. Sho cannot be too happy, having to resign everything to Leila'!' I began to understand what mother's mysterious words meant the other day.' . There was no immediate, raontiou made between Leila and Margot, wlion they came together an liour or so lator, 'of , anything that had occurred in the morning. -Margot's quick - eyes were .pained to see that the clouded: and troubled look that had J fallen on Loila's face remained there ; but ? though all lior .heart was stirred by, this,: she j was much too full of delicate thought and tact ; to speak of it. , ' Tho two girls wont for , a long walk in the afternoon. Thore had becn^ somo sort of suggestion at luncheon that they should drive with Mrs.. Bernardino ; b'lit Leila, a little to her' husband's surprise, objected to this ar- , rangoment. ' - i 'Margot aud I are going to walk to Pres- | cot,' sho said quietly. Tlicro was an element | of coldness in lier manner that stung tho j woman wa- cliing her so narrowly like a lash. It was the first sign of resentment Leila j had given- as yot, aiicl.it was perfectly com- , pvehensible to 'Mrs. Bornardino, .and equally j objectionable; for', though she had fretted j beneath Leila's patience and sustained good I temper, arid longed so often to break.it down j she' felt hnmiliated by tlio girl's .undoubted j coldness now it had comc. - j . ' To Prescot ! It is a little too far, is it not j dear;' Julian asked, conscious of a jarring note somewhere, -and, manlike, growingslightly. cross with the consciousness. - ' Oh, it will do us good,' Loila said almost indifforently. Margot, .watching her, felt all too sure tlio indifforence was assumed. Julian continued his lunch in silence after this remark, and Mrs. Bernardine* had not uttered a word since her suggestion abouttlio drive had been disposed of. . ? Margot rushed into conversation, talking of this and of that, but of what she was not quite sure, only too eager to do everything in lior power to smooth over the presentdifiiculty. It was not long-before Julian responded to her efforts, and there was a pretence of con versation for the rest of the meal. Leila had a sinking pain at- her heart as she saw her husband disappear after lunch without trying to exchange a word with her ; and yet at the same time she was conscious of some relief, for her thoughts were troubled ones. Something, she hardly knew what, seemed to have fallen over the sweetness and brightness of her life since those few sentences exchanged in the hall in the morning sunshine. It was not alone the fact of Helen Ber nardine's resentful attitnde toward herself that hurt her; it was the old phantom of doubt and shame that had been upraised by that -one strange speech about Giles Ber nardine, and by Margot's careless introduc tion of Henry Bartlett's name. As though some barrier had been suddenly removed aud a' flood let loose, back over the girl's mind rushed the' torrent of old . thoughts, old : difficulties, and an old suffering that - was touched with- a new. She seemed to have gone back utterly into the past. In her present strained frame of mind, therefore, Leila felt almost glad when she found that Julian wonld not question her or look into her eyes and see the trouble that was written there ; and yet it was the first time since their marriage that there had- even been a suggestion of vexation on liis'part — the first touch of coldness. .. „ She had walked some distance with Margot - before she opened lier: lips, and /then she sighed. (To be continued.)' - THE GREAT AUSTRALIAN REMEDY. (Jolemane - and Son's World-famed Eucalypte Extract. It cures coughs, colds, influenzi, asthma, and all affections of the chest. It will cure when other remedies fail. Colemaoe arid Sons' Eucalypte Extract has been awarded medals and diplomas at Adelaide, Sydney, Melbourne, and Chicago. Our -Extract being absolutely pure ia tbe best for safety's snke. Ask for Colemane & Sods' Euca'ypte Extract and see that you get it; ench bottle bears our signature, CoLEMANB & Sons. For rheumatism, gout, etc.,. 'use our ?Speci'vl JSucalypto Oil, for all pains ; it cannot be beat. Eead this : — Cowra, Aug. 22, 18S8. ' To Messrs. (Jolemane & Sons. — Dear . Sirs, — I have much pleasure in testifying to the valuable propei ties of your Eucalypte Extract, which I am a great user of for myself and family. I have bai a bad breast for a number of years, and all doctors hav« failed to do me any good. I have been using your Extract for about two years, and find it does ma more good than anything I have ever taken. Ahsut 12 months ngo my daughter was vory i'l with quinsy in her throat, and your Eucalypte Extract .cured. her.— I beg to remain, yours truly, Mrs John Kichabds, Cowra, N. S. Wales.' Sold everywhere. Wholesale from David Cohen & Co. Maitland. 180 