Political and Social. Mr M. E. Bobinson is mentioned as a probable candidate for South launceston. Treasurer Fyeh talks Federation at Oatlands to-night, ditto at Campbelltowh tomorrow night. We regret to learn that Mr William Windeatt, the respected ex- postmaster, is ssriously indisposed. Mr W. Cundy, the democratic candidate for Fingal at the next election, should have the best support of the miners and farmers in that district. Mr Tom Bakhap and other influential residents are working hard in Mr Cundy's intereds. Ominous sounds are heard in the political atmosphere of Fingal. If this old Conservative seat is not upset by the democratic rising that is likely to eventuate at the next election, says our special, it will get a convincing sort of a shake, anyway. J. A. M'Pherson, labor member for East Adelaide, says he cannot follow Premier Kingston in the whole of his federation proposals. The labor party waited reciprocity and theother colonies to get into line with South Australia before they had federation. Mayor Thnrlow, of Brisbane, was a candidate for Enoggera, and, during the electoral campaign, the Telegraph—which was practically running him—intimated that he was going to give a big Mayoral ball. His Worship was defeated, and the chances are the ball is off. Southern folk are smiling at the result of the correspondence between President Piesse, of the Agricultural Council, and the wily, diplomatic Premier. The latter is not the easiest man to down in a pen battle, and knows how to wait. Mr Piesse was too eager for the fray. It is not mentioned in the newspaper reports of Mr Davies' political tour under tbe ffigis of Attorney-General Clark, that the Gould's Country meeting carried a resolution in favor of federation " on an equitable and thoroughly democratic basis." Brother George is evidently his own reporter. Down Sonth a Mr Page, who hopes to write himself down as representative of the Huon district, lately lectured on Federation, Attorney-General Clark and Treasurer Fysh were present. They say the lecturer knew his subject. As the lecturer said nothing new it is presumed that Tommy Just has used up all federation in the market. Premier Braddon is going to run the Council of Agriculture stricily on plans and specifications of his own. He is said to have a method of making Tasmania a paradise for the agriculturists, and his intimate friends talk mysteriously of a mixture Sir Edward has evolved whbh is calculated to put ahead on black spot and even other peste in the agricultural and horticultural world. The Boodlewraith Press of Bananaland has a unique method of manufacturing majorities. Summing np the result after the third batch of elections, one of them says :— }« Ministers have a good working majority, for it is generally expected that on main issues the Opposition and Independent members will vote with them." fancy Drake supporting the Nelson crew! According to a Lefroy correspondent, the political storm in a teacapf which eventuated on the occasion of the Premier's visit was caused by the friends of the sitting member regarding the visit of Ministers as a sort of invasion. The meeting provided some amusement for outsiders and the visit of Messrs. Gilmore and Dobson is looked for with interest. The old cry that the labor party's legislation would drive capital out of the country has been pretty well dropped in South Australia. The labor party silence all that sort of silly talk by pointing to the State Export Department, which owes its origin to the labor members, and is proving a boon to the farmers as well as encouraging the investment of capitaL The annual meeting of the Parliamentary Debating Society will be held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. From the interest already evinced it is probable that there will be a large attendance. Mr J. B. Waldron has consented to return to his old position of Speaker, and^in addition to a strong re.inforcement of new members a number have intimated their Intention of re-joining the society. Says our Hobart correspondent:—A Democratic Society was initiated this week. The promoters are men of standing, who should be able to let some people know that numbers are the controlling power, and not property. In Southern Tasmania at present money-bags have become tlie ruling power. Their weight is all thrown on the wrong side, and instead of the electoral fly-wheel regulating the motion of the machine it drives it headlong to destruction. Dear bid Granny Linotype is following the lead of the MEBCCBY political economist in approvingly quoting great slabs of Mallock. The latter is known as the prophet of the " Ability " doctrine, and measures ability by the money a man possesses I Captain Kidd would have been reckoned a philanthropist by Mr Mallock, and a successful burglar as a pattern to all" right-thinking " persons. And these are the gods our granny worships. The old frump ought to be ashamed of herself. in tbe last batch ol Queensland elections Labor secured one seat though its candidate ran a neck and neckrace for the squattocratic district of Balonne. ~ The relative strength of parties is as follows:—Ministerial, 41; Labor, 20; Opposition, 6; Farmer's representative, 1; Independent, 4. This is the "first Queensland Assembly for many years in which the firm of B. D. Morehead and Co. has not been represented. Mr Morehead refused to face Balonne again; one of his partners, Mr Allan, declined to be nominated for re-election for Cunningham, whilst another member of the firm, Mr John Stevenson, has not been heard of politically since Labor member Cross ousted him from Clermont. Says our Hobart special:—Things political are quiet. The contest between Dr. Butler and Mr Seabrook is looked upon as a onehorse affair. The doctor was too early in the canvassing field to give his opponent a ghost of a show. North Hobart is looked upon as the great battle-field of the coming election. It is rumored that A. J. Cox, who was imprisoned for a short period for refusing to pay a fine ipr publishing a newspaper without registering it, is going to worry the Treasurer. A publication called THE LIAB anticipates the result of the election for North Hobart as follow:—A. J. Cox, 1012; Opposition candidate, 420; Sir Philip Fysh (autocrat!), a very bad last, 110. Alfred Crisp, when he read this, was very much concerned, and wants to know where he comes in. Cox Jsays that Mr Crisp doesn't eome in at all. The proposed railway league in Hobart is to further foster one-legged class distinctions if the plutes can manage it. At last Friday night's meeting commercialism predominated, but a workingman suggested that if the rate of subscription to the league could be reduced.to a shilling per annum, instead of a shilling per month, as proposed, many hundreds of workers would thus be enabled to join, and thus make the affair a financial and democratic success. "Clipper" Paton supported the idea of making the league more truly representative of the people by the method suggested, but the assembled old-timers protested strenuously. " Brother George' blustered, and showed his magnificent good taste by offering to pay the subs, of those who could not afford it. The chairman shuffled, but wouldn't hear of liberalising the qualification, and all " right-thinking " persons in Hobart are incensed that working men should presume to offer a suggestion on business matters, and upset the plutooratic ^ apple-dart, • 