WIT AND HUMOR. Guardian Anoelh.— Tho Flying Squadron. Female Definition of Leaf Yeah.— Mia Understood. "Oil, I y ! wot' Oinngo Fice State, mean, Lilly ?" " Why, where yer got yer orange for nutfin. sloopid !" A Valuation.— He : "I love you more than myself, darling." Sues "'Hint's not haying much. You aio always giving yourself away." puff.-AIltung : . "It is reported that Miss Gadder powders dreadfully." "Whittle: "Thero is generally some report attached to powder." Tit fob Tat.— Counsel (oto.su examining) : " How old at e you, madam V" Witiiebs(avngely): "Forty-one. How old are you? You look about ninety." In "Wintkk : Weary Wiggins : " Say, uncle, Jf yeti'H give me a square meal I'll go out and sleep in yer coin field all afternoon an' scare off the crown." Dooi.an: "Fitzgerald says lie's dorcindcd from some of thu greatest homos in Irelnud." BInlcahy : "Muslin! So be did ninny's tho toime — on a Inddhoi." Kicksy : " Wife, can you toll inu why I am like a hen?" Bits. Klokny : "No Coixr ! Why is it?" Kioksy : "llecause I cntt seldom find anything where I laid it yesterday." The Best Ahhithatoh foh the Venezuela Question.— Blr. W. G. Giace, tho champion cricketor. He knows the duties of an umpire, and is sure to make " a boundaty bit." "HOW did you get BorUy out of your wliist club— did you ask him to resign?" "No, we didn't liko to do that; but we all resigned except Hurley, and tlion we all got together and formed a now club." , .Mil Sanfohd: "Is tho old lady who is talking to your father so earnestly your grand mother?" Freddie: "That's what she is." Mr. | Siinford : " On your mother's side?" Freddie:! ".Yep, every time." J A New Noise.— Father': " What is that j soft, scratching noise in tho noxt room, which | Hounds like something ripping?" Mother:! "Oh, that is Maria learning to scratch a match on her bloomers." Too Mcou Speaking.— Father-in-law : " I am sorry to hear that you are scarcely on speak ing terms with your wife, James." Son-in-law ; "Oh, yes, I tun! We row each other fiom morning till night !" A Safeguard. — The Widow ; 44 How strange ! The people who live near the cemetery cluitn they aie haunted by the ghosts of my three husbuuds." Tho Friend : u They should ask you to coino and live with them." The Rising Generation.— Friend : "What aro you going to do with your son when he grows up?" Father: " I sha'n't dare to do any thing with him. What I am fearful about is, what is he going to do with mo?" The other day, in a rurnl parish, a boy forgot to touch his hat to tho clurgyinan, who obsetved, ".My lad, you arc hotter fed than taught." "Yes," replied the youngster, " father feeds tne, but its you as teaohos me." "And who is that you've just danced with, major?" "Oh, that's Bliss Ksslund. She's going to be tnatried next week." "And is she a 4 woman witli n past,' too ?" " Oh no ; quite the reverse ; she's a woman with innumerable presents." Had Some Idea of It.— 44 Aud have you never learnt to dance? Then you know nothing of the poetry of motion." "Poetry of motion? Great Scott ! I walked tho Hour witli that boy of mine last night and recited Blothsr Goose to him for four whole Lours." He'd Got Notice to Leave.— Blr. BluffinUh : "There's something wrong with this teapot, waiter ; I enn't get it to pour." Waiter (with mnlioious grin) : "Is's not the fault of the tea pot, sir, but the tta. They brew it so weak here, it really has not strength to get up the spout." A Slight Mistake.— At a Vienna theatre, where the committee of managtment had a greater idea of ttnde than a knowledge of the drama, Ilerr Jaburek, one of thepiincipal mem- uers, useu iu uemnmi in nngry emphasis nom the manager whether Mich and t-uch a play about to be given had not been played elsewhere previously. Vety often the plays inquired about were standaid works of old writers. Ono was that of Fiesco, by Schiller. It was played a night or two and then dropped, as it was not seemingly appreciated by the audiences. Some days afterwards a local reporter, also named Schiller, wrote for a free ticket, Heir Jaburek read the application, and said indignantly to „tho tsanpger, "Old fool ! Give hint no free ticket. His play Hast wek -brought its jio in no ! " A Quiet Game of Nap.— Notvciy farirom 1'all Mali anew club has been sinned, and u quiet game of " nop " was being played. A young | man, one of the placers, had occasion to leave I the card room just helote the cntds were dealt. On his return, the dealer said "Those arc your card," and great was his delight wl on he found that ace, king, queen, knave of diamonds aud aco of spades had heeit dealt to him. Something in the appcmance of ono of tho other players made him feel suddenly sus picious, hut of cuuise he called "nap" when an expression of Hitisf action uppeuicd on hie single adversary's lace, the other play or having thrown up their hands. Instead of making diamond trumps he played tho ace of spades, muk.ng spades trumps, and followed with his ace, king, queon and knave of diamonds. When the hands were tinned up, it appeared that his wily ant agonist possessed five diamonds, four small oms and the ten ! Hud the sup posed greenhorn made dhmond trumps he would buve lost, instead of which ho won his nap, pocketed £10 and said, " Good evening, gentlemen." Ho next day . reported the occurrence to tho committee, and the four membeia who were playing cards with him that evening were not seen in that club »nv more. The Woes of Private Members.— Blr. Birrell, a witty member of tho House of Commons, has voiced the grievances of new members in the disoueeion on the new rules of procedure. Ho was not, he said, at all in sympathy with Blinisters. 'i hty wero bold, bsd men. If they were not bold, . bud men, they would not be Blinisters. They had only become Blinisters by elbowing and orowding nice, quiet private members on one' side. They were not only bold and bad, but they li'd rfUrjtit paid quarterly in advance, abdj.jiiorfoverj'they find private rooms in the House to.whjch they could retire when bored to deiity, by- -.ceaseless chatter of lion, members where they .could sit in peaceful silence and delightful solitude,' and in n minuto they could be brought back if auyoue was ill-advised enough to move a reduction of their salaries. More precious than at), they had occupation — honest departmental work — to prevent their minds feeding upon themselves. Voty -cant herbage, possibly— i ut none the less disagreeable and bitter in the mouth. Neither did he care a straw for mcmbeis of tho front Opposition bench. They had occupation ; they had their oratorical reputations to maintain and their repartees to reduce into writing. A private member, on the other hntul, had no salary, no private room, no leputation to maintain, and, unless he was a bore of tho first magnitude, he could find uothing to occupy his muni, owing to the n»ph.Yxiatin attuosoiuue of the House. death before dishonor. — 1'lOfessor Anderson, known ns "Tho Wizard of tho North," prided himself upon his iinpeisonation of Rob Roy as woll as upon the elaborate apparatus connected with his profession us magician. Among his sensational items wn "The Great Gun Trick," and it makes the following capital story : — "The professor mud to give one of the audisiicu a title, soma powder and a marked bullet. The marksman was then requested to load and prepaid to the Thereupon the' professor walked to the eud of the stage ntul invited the ritleman to shoot him. Then, after the marksman had fired, he used to produco the marked bullet, Insisting that he had caught it on a pinto. On ono occasion a man who was an admirable amateur conjurer, ofifercd himself as an iisaUtant. Ho took the gun and the nmmtinitiou and duly loaded. It was the custom of tho profossor to give tho bullet a final tap with his wand to seo that it was rammed down properly, and this final tap extracted the bullet. This tho amateur knew, ami when the professor offered his assistance it was politoly declined. Anderson did not in sist, hut coolly walked to tho arid of tho stage, and called out, 'Now, sir, take a good aim nt me, and fire 1" The amateur hesitated, as lie was well awara tlmt the gun ho wus holding was roally loaded. Fito, sir, fire !' cried tho professor. The amateur lowered tho weapon, aud, saying he oould not lot it off, returned it to Anderson, who immediately, under protenco of seeing whether It had bean properly loaded, ex tracted J-Ire bullet. Then he gave the gun to somcotio else. But before tho riflo was fired, lie- thus nddrosted the audience, 4 Ladies and gentloir.on, the person who has just resumed his sent knew my trick, and foiled It. If ho hnd fired, this,. probably, would have been my Inst appearance before you. But he hadn't aulllciont nerve to shoot mo.' When it dawned upon the house that Anderson had risked his life rathvt than confess himself beaton, tho npplaiue was deafening." 