PITH OF PARLIAMENT. BABBIT PIE AND OTHER DISHES. Honorable members, 3ooklng very ''fit" after the month's holidays, seemed eager for tho fray when at 4.30 the Speaker took the chair. Mr Turner had prepared a formidable business paper iof some 30 Items for the consideration of the House, but before the first was reached two "definite matters of urgent public importance" required to be got aid of. The leader of the Opposition and the member for Dunolly took charge of the preliminary numbers. Sir John MTntyre, suffering, like the rest of the community, from a mild attack of war fever, asked when tho Government in tended to take the Defence estimates. »'Jn the present important slate of af fairs In the Old Country," it was, he eald, de.slrp.ble that the Government should be Jn a position to assure the House that Victoria was able to defend JierseJC In the event of foreign compli cations. The Premier hastened to Inform the flcader of the Opposition that our de fences were In a fairly forward condi tion at the (present time. Certainly, .there were not as many trained fighters 3n the country as the responsible oil!- cers would like, but then other depart ments were undermanned as well as the Defence. Mr Turner said he was will ing to bring the estimates before the Jiouse at the earliest possible oppor tunity—say on Tuesday next. . The urgent matter of our defences foelng thus satisfactorily shunted, Mr Duggan proceeded to sound another nlann— about the rabbit enemy, a much more serious concern to country mom- Jjers than any complication with Ger many or America. Further delay on tho part of the GovernmLMit in dealing iwJth the difficulty would, Mr Duggan said, be nothing short or criminal. He reviewed tho various panaceas that had been suggested tor tho removal of the rabbit from these shores. Personally die liked poisoned grain best, but he figreed that a steady course of wire net ting was not to be despised. In con clusion, tho lion, member demanded a ntralght-out declaration from the Go vernment on tho great buuny question. Mr Dangdon followed suit. He rather (fancied "the digging out" remedy, but a good bonus tor rabbit tails had a great deal to recommend It. Why should jiot the children of poor selectors be enabled to turn an honest penny In this rway? Dr. Salmon rallied to the stan dard of Mr Duggan, and was rather Tough on the character of the Victorian rabbit. He even alleged that thirty of tliem ate ns much crass as a bullock. (Mr Anderson threw In his lot with the jmrty of extermination. Ho told a pa thetic story about rv ralibit dying of grief alongside a fence In the mallee. The rodent. of course, had made several Jnmcson-llke attempts to get through the defence lines before lie gave up tho ghost. A dlscorlant and unpatriotic note wag Ecunded by Mr Longmorc, who advo cated that tho rabbit bo allowed to skip —to Hp, in fact— till further notice. Dot Those unprincipled land speculators, those mallee millionaires who were ap pealing to the Government for mercen ary al«.l, let them make way for the farmers, who would soon clear the area —now depopulated by the greed of man —of the harmless, necessary rabbit. The latter should bo tinned and exported. That was the very best thing for him. Sir John M'lntyre shook his head, and declared that the rabbit must be either treated ns vermin or food. The Pre mier told the House that it was felt that the Government should do some thing. It was proposed to help those who helped themselves. (Hero several country members looked disappointed.) Had the Government not proposed to lend £60,000 to the Shlro Councils for the-purchnae-or wire netting? Did the House want the Ministry to do more ? ("Yes.") Then he would go into tho matter thoroughly with the Minister of hands, and see If anything further could be done. Strange to' Hay, tWs splendid promise did not satisfy hon. members. A strong stream of rabbit statistics was poured upon the Chamber by Mr Foster ling ers, but still the Chamber clamored for mntv. Mr Hancock chucked rabbit- preserved rabbit— in large <2!b) tins at the head of tho Legislature. He con demned those "so- called Christians" who wore guilty of tho crime of suppressing rabbits, and called on patriotic Victo rians to increase their exports "Instead of tlirowlng away the valuable animal." Mr Shloto took the orthodox country member's view of "the pest," and de clared it was the dr'y of the Crown to nee that private individuals discharged their obligations In respect to the pesti lent rabbit. Messrs Orattan. Trenwith and M'Lellan also tackled the subject Uforc the Chair in a lucid and compre hensive fashion. It was thought— hoped, indeed— that when the House adjourned for dinner the last word had been said on the rab bit question. The animal hod been looked at from every conceivable point of view. ITo had been regarded from the fresh and frozen aspects— rampant, passant, eouchant, cooked, tinned, and Ktcwcd— every way and every how— but when tho House re-assembled, yet an other member, Mr Rawson, had a go at Bilm. And he wn« going strongly, If not freshly, when the ttmo allotted to the aubject expired, and ithe hon. member was compelled by the cruel rules of tho House to sit down and give the weary- laden rabbit a temporary rest. "Fate cut him short, but, bo It under stood, He would have spoken much longer if he oould." The Fostmaster-General moved tho second reading of the Electric Light and Power Bill, and, in explaining its provisions, received the attention and occasionally the approbation of tho House. The term "undertaker" fre quently occurs in the measure, but the word is Interpreted as meaning " any council or company who may by an Order-ln-Councll be authorised to sup ply electricity," etc. Hon. members, however, insisted In taking the word in its ordinary acceptance, and every time Mr Duffy mentioned "undertakers" the Assembly laughed in a sad, funereal waj'. But, upon the whole, the Post master - General managed excellently, and, in spite of a show of opposition from Mr Prendcrgast and Mr Fink— the latter moved an amendment in what he conceived to he the Interests of mu nicipal bodies— contrived to pilot tho Bill through its remaining stages. A brother Minister, Mr Williams, was not treated with, equal consideration w hen he arose to move the second read ing of the Jumbunna and Outtrlm Bill, for although the measure eventually received the assent of the Assembly, many cruel things were said (especial ly by Mr Madden) of the blunders and incompetency of railway engineers and officials. Mr Foster Rogers, who hod failed to get any satisfaction from the Government In regard to his, pending want of confidence motion, took up the role of a guerilla chief, and "harassed" Mr Williams and the Government gen erally. The member for South Yarra read a circular from associated railway employes concerning the Trust Bill. He called It a threatening letter, and con strued the contents as a declaration that the men were prepared to strike if tho Railway Trust Bill became tho law of the land. He pictured ton regi ments, each of 1000 strikers, armed with rifles, advancing on Parliament House. "Wouldn't we rally if they came?" in terjected a member, and the Assembly, which would not take tho chosen of South Yarra seriously, received the sally with a guffaw. Mr Trenwith told the aggrieved member that he had an extraordinary comprehension of the English language, and words were ban died about a celebrated early English striker, named Cade, who came in con flict with the authorities of his day. Finally, Mr Carter took the philosophic stand that there was no use in making a fuss about spilt milk, and the House concurring in this view, permitted the Jumbunna and Outtrim Railway Rill to go through. 'A Bill, fathered by tho 'Attorney- General, providing for the carrying on of the business of licensed grocers un der peculiar circumstances having been passed through nil Its stages, the House at 10.30 adjourned. 