TBI IASTII CKIfTflUI, NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. By Sir .WALTER BE SAN T, M.A., Author of "ALL SOBTS AND CONDITIONS OF MEN," HEEK PAULUS," "THE WOELD WENT VEBY WELL THEN," "THE HOLY ROSE," "IN DEACON'S ORDERS," &c;„ &o.; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. . CHAPTER' III.— (Continued;) Then pne saw a black, brown or reu lump above the water, with floating hair— for sailors wore it long; then this too disappeared, and there was nothing left but the top of the stake and the quiet whisper of the water as it flowed past. For three times, ebb and flow, that crimiual remained upon his stake; utx Aim itw tiw riniufr unto death: the next two for an example unto the- young and a terror unto evil doers, 'After tliat tliey took him up and bu rled hilm, or bung him In chains, tarred but not feathered. Gruesome are the memories of Execution Dock; many are the ghosts who haunt, all unseen— because there is nobody in -wharf or warehouse after business hours to see tliem— tlio spot where tliey were done to death. It was, however; lower down -the river, round the Isle of Dogs, that they hung up the black body In creak- lug chains until it dropped to pieces. if you want to see tlie river— the view of the l'iver was the pride of wa pping until tlie warehouses re placed the. old gabled timber liouses- go down one of the lanes which lend to the Stairs. Then you will obtain a panoramic view sot In a frame, a tall, narrow picture, ii section of tlio busy river, across which pass all day long up or down tlie great ocean steamer, tlie little river steamer, the noisy tug, the sailing ship, the barge laden with hay, or iron, or casks, down to tlie wa ter's edge, tlie wherries, with which this part of the Thames is always crowded. What they do; what makes them so 'full of business aud zeal— no one cau discover. Beyond the river are the mills and granaries aud warehouses of Rotlier- liitlie, with the white steeple of the church. The lane in which you stand is, in fact, a. much liner kinetoscope than Mr. Edison lins invented; It presents vou .with a picture of ceaseless, change ful motion; of restless activity; of or dered purpose. Then go back and resume your walk along the' street. It. is like the river Itself, ft busy highway of trade; the tall warehouses were built for trade; the cranes are out. on tlie topmost floor, conducting the trade; meu are swing ing but heavy bales of goods and low ering them into waggons which will distribute tlie trade among other hands. The street Indeed is full of waggons loaded and waggons unloaded; wag gons standing under tlie cranes, wag- sous going away loaded aud coming back empty. You would not believe ' there were so many waggons In Lon don. Except for the drivers ol the waggons and the men in tlie uppci storeys tossing about tlie bales, there are no people to be seen in the street. Passengers are there none. Nobody walks In Wapping High Street except to und from liis warehouse or Uls wliat'C. He goes there on business. Of shops there are but two or three, and those not of the best. And tills is Wapping. It seems at first to be nothing but a narrow slip between the river and tlie docks. Tills Is not quite true, however, as we shnll pre- ssntlv 866. 1 entered tlie . cradle of my race, ..fortunately, by tho best way, tlie Tower Hill Way. It seems a cradle to be proud of; all ancient crafts arc honourable, but some are more hon ourable than others; surely boat build ing is a very honourable craft. Con- shier, Noali 'was an eminent boat builder; probably tlie finest example of his work lias never been surpassed; wo are all descended from Noali, there fore we ought all to have boat building instincts. As to the antiquity of boats, it goes, back beyond the time of Noah. The first boat, i f y on think of it— the only way to get at pi'e-historlc his- ' tory is to think of it— was a cradle, a ' wicker basket cradle, lined with soft .fur; there wns a baby in It— au ante diluvian Patriarch baby. Tlie cradle — I am giving away quite a new Ar- cliaeloglcal discovery— was placed by the child's mother by tlie river side and left, biit only for a few minutes; " . then; the waters suddenly rose and swept the, cradle away; tlio agonised mother satv it in tlio midst of tlie flood, pursued by a hungry crocodile. She looked to see tlie cradle sink; It did not, it quietly drifted into a bnnk or haven of refuge, the bnby unhurt, and the baffled crocodile sullenly sank to the bottom. Hence arose tlio building of tlie first boat, tlie shape of which, and of all boats to follow, was copied from the cradle. The llrst boat. builder, I- believe, wns named Burnikel, whose graudangliter married Noah's" father.- However, it was not so much out of pride in tlio boat yard that I came to Wapping ns from tlie desire to see more of" this strange, strong, resolute, ambitious cousin of mine. Of course. I bnd never boon here be fore. Men of my upbringing know no- thing, hear nothing, and understand nothing of tlie busy life, tlie produc tions, tlie -exports, the imports, the . enterprise, the risks, the fluctuations, the skill, tlie courage, wlilcli belong to the trade of our' great ports. The. mer chant adventurer is unknown to us. We ignore, or we despise, tlio men by whose enterprise we actually live. Not that' we understand thls_;_yet it is a hard fact that the gilded youth de- . pencils upon the trade of the country as much as the merchant who directs, the shopkeeper who distributes, the very waggoner and the bargee and the man who slings the hales upon the crane. Money, you see, can no longer be eniTled about in sacks of gold.. It ' must be invested; and every Invest ment, whether "gas, or water, or rail ways, or mines, or trading companies, or municipal bonds, or even consols, depends upon tlie success of a venture. And since agriculture Is dead or dying there Is nothing left except these ventures. Should tliey fail, should <11- j saster suddenly overtake tlie British j industries, then the whole wealth of I the country would vanish at once, and ! tlie youth of Piccadily would "be as penniless as the poor fellows of the I warehouses, thrown out. of W -.o.. But j tills tlie youth of Piccadilly knows not. I know these tilings because- I liavo been made to learn them. For tlie Jirst time, I found myself In the midst of trade, actual, visible, tan gible—fragrant even. It wns a kind of discovery to me. I walked slowly re volving tlie thing. Exports and impo; one reads about; they are words whlcli to me had then little or no meaning. I-Iere were people actually exporting and importing with tremendous zeal. The street was a liive of industry. Not one face but was full of business ;not one but what was set, absorbed, serious, observing nothing because it wns so full of thought. No one lit cigarettes; no one lounged; no one talked or laughed with his neighbour. All were occupied, all wrapt In thought. All wnlked with a purpose; no less a pur pose, indeed, than the winning of the daily bread, or the creation of a' pile on' which the children could live' in idleness. Presently I came to the mouth of the Loudon Dock, where a swliig bridge crosses tlie narrow entrance, npcl Is rolled back on lilnges to let the ships pass in and out. It wns open; when I. reached the place, and a ship was slowly passing through; a three-masted sailing ship, of Which there are still some left. I watched tlie beautiful tiling with tlie tall masts and shrouds— man never made anything more beauti ful than a sniliug ship. Looking to the left I saw the crowded mnsts 111 the dock; looking to the right I- saw the ships going down tlie river, and heard tlie dulcet note of the Siren. Ah this meant, I perceived, dimly, buying and selling. The ships . take1- -out Immense cargoes to be sold in London- and dis tributed everywhere. All tlie selling must be at a profit, otherwise these waggons would not -be employed, ' and these warehouses would be closed, and AVnpplng on the Wall would be as si lent and ns solitary as Tndmor in the Desert. All this buying and selling meant the employment and the main-' tenance of millions. Trade, I begun to understand, is a very big tiling In deed; a thing which demands enter prise and courage; wlileh requires also knowledge and skill; which abounds with clinnces and changes and perils and hopes. The ship passed through; the bridge swung round; I passed over It and con tinued my way. At this point Wap ping widens and. becqmes a right- angled triangle, whose liyppthenuse Is the river and whose altitude is the East London Dock. This triangle, with the riverside street, . Is all that the docks have left of old Wapping village. On this occasion, however, I did not discover tlie triangle; I wnlk ed on, tlie street continuing with Its warehouses aud Its wharves nnd Its river stairs. A little beyond tlie bridge I enmo to n house which would have arrested my attention by its appearance alone, apart from tlio name upon Its door- plate. For it was a solid rod brick, eighteenth century house. The bricks were of the kind wlilcli grow more beautiful with years. The door, with a shell decoration above it, wns in tlie middle, and there was one window on ; ducli side of It. In tlie two storeys above j there were three windows In each; the j roof was of warm red tiles. There i were green shutters to the lower win dows; a solid, comfortable old house. It was well kept up; the paint was l'resli, tlie windows were clean, the steps Were white, the brass door-plate, which was small, was burnished bright.- aud on.it, In letters lialf-effaced, I rend the nnrne of Burnikel. "The cradle!" I thought. "Here was born tlie ancestral builder of boats. But where is the yard?" On the other side of the street stood a huge rambling shod— two sheds side by side, built of wood and painted black. Through the wide open door I saw the stout ribs of a lialf-bullt bnrge sticking up ill readiness to receive the plunking of her sides. And there wns the sound i of hammers. And to make puite sure, j there was painted across the shed in white letters the linrau "Burnikel and Burnikel, boat and barge builders." I I stepped in and looked round. Tliere ! were one or two unfinished boats be side tlie big bai-ge; wood was lying about everywhere, stacked oil the low rafters of tlie roof, in heaps, thick wood and thin wood; there were tools and ap pliances — some I understood, some were new to me. Men were working. Attlie sight of all tills carpentry work my .spirits rose. Tills wns the kind of work i loved. A beautiful place, such a place, 1 thought, as i would like to work in myself. Even In those early days, you see, I liad a soul above a. lathe in a study. A latlic Is a toy; this yard was for serious work. And pic turesque, too, wltli Its high roof and its black rafters and Its front open to the river, coinmnndlng a noble pn.no- mmn, wider than is nlforded by nay of tlie stairs in those narrow lanes. Nobody took nuy notice of me. Tlie meu just looked up and went on ham mering. A well, ordered yard, appa rently. At that moment the Master came out of a little enclosed box in the corner, called "Office," which was big enough at least i'or a high desk and some books. At the outset, in the evening, I had remarked the curious resemblance of my cousin to myself. By daylight tlie resemblance wns not so marked, partly because tlie man wns so much bigger. I-Ic was one of those men with whom a simple Inch and a half above tlie six feet' In height makes tlicm tower over all other men. He looked tall and broad, and strong above any of his fellows. So looked Snnl. He glanced around liim quickly ns he came out, as If to see that Ills men were working with zeal aud knowledge. Tlieu he stepped across the yard nnd, greeted liis visitor grave- iy. "I saw you come in," he said. "I only half expected yon; because I thought, why should you want to see the old place?" .'"Well, I did want to see tho old place. And I wanted to see you again." "Here it is, then, and here I am. Not much of a place, nfter all, but there's a tidy business done here, nnd always lias been, and no change In the place since It was first put up, and that's two hundred years ago. Just tlio same; the vm-il Is ili r- snmi> the beams of tlie roof are the same, anil though the tiles have been removed tlie work is the siime. If your ancestor wns 1:o look In here, lie'd see nothing changed hut tlie workmen's clothes. They've left off aprons, and they've left off stockings. That's all." "Good. "We are thus in the last eeiL tury." "Yes. The river's changed, though. The port of London was a much finer place formerly, when tlie ships < were ranged in double line all down the Pool and all tlie lading was done by barges— Buniikel's barges, and tlie river was covered with boats'— Buniikel's boats — cruising about uihoiig tlie slilps. We'll go l'or a cruise, if you like,' any day, in my boat. It is tlie old boat; here she is." Tlie boat was lying in the river, made fast to the Quay pile. "We used to board the ships as tliey came in for the repair of tlieir boats. Now there's no need. Tliey all go Into dock. There are some pictures over the way of the river in the last century. You snail see them presently." "Thank you." "We can't make better boats than tliey made a hundred and fifty years ago; we can't put in better work nor bettor material. Tliey knew good work. Everything except steam tilings, tliey know how to mnkej then, far better tJinn we tlo now. liurnuters barges are built after the old pattern. This barge, l'or instance," he laid liis hnnd' on a rib of the unfinished craft, "she Is built ou eighteenth century lines." "She looks substantial enough." "She is. Well. Look round you, Sir George. Here is where your great grandfather worked, and where your great-great-grandfather and so on ever so far back. This is where you came from." He took his visitor over the little yard, pointing out something of the craft and mystery of boat-building. "All this," I snld, "interests me enor mously. You know I've got a lathe, and I know a little liow to make things —useless tilings. It Is all I can do — my one accomplishment." "There's not many of your sort who cau do so much. Well.tliere's not much here to inakeca show, but there's a good deal to learn- in , boat-bulldlug, let me tell yon." "I ought to linvo. boat-building In the blood," I observed. "Tho mystery seems familiar to' 1110. Don't you think that so many generations of boat-build ing— with tliis little break of ,1ust two lives, one n Judge, and one n— nothing— ought to make me take to the trade na turally, as a duck to water?" Robert Burnikel answered seriously. He was n very serious young man. Be sides, light conversation is unknown in Wapping. "Why not?" lie said. "Natural apti tude must come with generations of work. There is a kind of caste in every trade. I know a line of carpenters, from father to son; and a line of wntcli- makcrs;( and a line of blacksmiths. These men of mine are .all tlie sons of boatbuildefs; tliey grew up in tlie trade. I don't think they could have done anything else so -well. As for you —well, your grandfather was a judge." ''For the first time In my. life, I am ashamed to say that he was." "Not that you need bo ashamed, I suppose, but still he broke tlie Hue. All the rest of us have always been boat- builders or sniilors." "For tlio moment I feel an enthu siasm for boat-building. The only prac tical work worth considering Is this.' I am convinced it is the hereditary instinct." . "Well; you can't know anything about It, instinct or not." "I suppose, 'now, that you could make a bont yourself, with your own hands, from keel to gunwall, from stem to stern?" . "He would he a poor kind of master who couldn't do nnything better than his -men. I used to work, hammer, and saw, and plane, with the men when I' wns a 'prentice." So we talked about boats and boat building till the subject wns exhausted. TI1011 tlie Master Builder looked at liis watcli. "Four o'clock," I10 said. "Now come over the way. I live hi tlie old house built by the first of tliem who came here. We can talk for nil hour or so before tea. I told tliem you might be coming to tea." j Terrible! Who was "tliem"? Fair ! cousinesses? I trembled and followed, j (to bk continued.) 