LADIES' GOSSIP. Miss May Palliser, who ie shortly to marry Lord Wallscourfc, a peer of between 50 and CO, won a prize in a beauty show when she was in her teens. She and her sister, Miss Grace, were the successful competitors in a competition among a large number of ladies who sent in their photographs to the promoters of the en terprise, I It is seldom that the band and the millions of an American heiress fall to an English com moner, writes a contemporary. An instance will be furnished by the marriage of Mrs. Cara Rogers Duff and Mr. Urben H. Broughton. Mrs. Duff wan a Miss Rogers, daughter of the Henry II. Rogers who made untold wealth as president of the Standard Oil Company. She has a million sterling in her own right, and on her father's death will, it is said, come iuto three or four millions in addition. Moreover she is pretty, is 2G, aud a great favorite in Ainerioan society. Mr. Broughton is described as a man of 30, a member of a well-knowu English family. He went to Chicago eight or niue years ago, and is interested in business in that city. Miss Susatt Strong, the young operatic debutante, who made so great a success at Covent Garden a little while ago, tells the following to Woman:— 'Once, four years ago, when I was 18, I lost my voice through an illness, Although my father and mother weru alive then—they have both died siuce— I yus lonely and miserable. One morning a little bird came and mng on my window silt, I watched its throat sweljing, nnd I could have cried to think mine would never swell again — that ray songs had passed into Hilence for uyur. Just as I was tluuUiug that I tried to siup, ftud my voice came bauk to mo !' Mrs, Grace Broomheocl, (,|io divorced wife of Mi', Alfred Bwoinjiead, acted as biidttsiuajd on the occasion of his marriage, in Chicago a few months ago, to her successor, Mim Ciapi Gregory, An American papev Kays ;— It did not tftlce long for Justice Murphy to uiaku them man and wife He noticed that tlio bridesmaid was deeply ai&oted;, When uskud to Bigu her name as witness to the contract, Justice Murphy saw Hint her name and thnt of tho groom wore the saroo, J4o askwi if they were relatives, aud fchu replied tlmt «Uo was lite forme)- wife, Mies Jessie Aekernww writes from IJlmois, under date of December gfl ;— 'Perhaps ruy flieuds will \\)0 glad to kuow that my loo]nud trip did me no end of good, and I am greatly improved. To escape: the cold of our severe winters I have accepted an invitation from a Calitornian miliionaire family to travel in a special car through the South tin's winter. Tbe car is a perfect palace with dining-room, kitchen, and sleeping apartments for eight, besides the fine drawing-room. I hops to thid my&elf; fully restored by another year.' One of the maids of honor to tlio young Empress of Russia was married a few mouths ago. On bidding her 'good-bye' the Empress congratulated her warmly, adding— 'I shall indeed be sorry to lose you, but I am so happy myself that 1 wish everyone to be manitd too.' The marriage of the Duke of Marlborougli to Miss Vandu-rbilt has induced a statistical American journalist to compile a list of American heiresses who have married foreigners of rank during the last 25 years, Tlio total of such marriages is I'M, and the d mount the American girls have taken (o their husbands is 161,000,000 dollars, or about t'D-i.OOO.OOO sterling, la the Church of SaiUa Maria Aunun wata,, at Naples, girls assemble yearly (or the purpose of being chosen iu uuirringe. Once ft year, on the day ot' Our 1'jady, before its alUir It ji eel. s a silent row of 30 girl* dressed iu bine):, and with folded hands. They tire orphans from the ueighboving foundling asylum, au-l once ft yenv those who have reached the age of ]S have n ebnnee of being chosen in marriage l-y any liouesl. umit whose character is good, Ac the door leading to tho wioiistry Kt.uids a gruy-lmirud priest, tins head of the institution, liy-und- byu a young mail approaches him, wd Isauds lum a packet of j-iapui's. These lite ja^st rends carefully, and being: Biitislied, leads tho candidate to ward a the row of girls, Tim man walks slowly tdoug tV row^-at last he btojjs ; his choice )a tnadu, mid tio stretches out liis hand, Tl»n girl ria-s, )-utB \m' hand i»t» thut of the fcU'tmgoi- by way of consent, uiid togelho}' tlwy disappear into the uaoriBi y, 'i'lie joe liaviug been broken, others follow, iuid this gous on until tlm suiturH urt- exliaUbtud, tii1 a)1 the giiiH have beou ehobeu, An iMiwJBtftkflWo evjilfjit-u of pnubing youth i» ^ woman \a attuiitiou to thoso a tviiiu May than Uui'wlf, K»yB ucuutumpuravy. It uwttet's not how mlinitehiuml tlm tnrio muy b?- -jjidiud, tho lose it is the more uvidujit »co tho attoij. tiona, Tho passing youtli is, nlso, (lmt mud) mure ctvjdyut, Wltp uvct' muv a yuuDt,' -vymu» of 18 pretending she wasn't tired when she . was, and insisting upon a woman of 20 being made comfortable at her expense. As she gets 'on' iu years, however, it is astonishing how her courtesy and alacrity in such matters are developed. She can't do too much for the woman a bit older than herself, and with what a gladsome, virtuous air does she do it too. So universal ia the trait anionsr womun that it has bficome an unmistakable evidence of passing youth. Writing on good temper in women an authority says :— It is not within the domestic circle oiily that good temper bhould be exer cised ; it is au invaluable posset-sion even amongst the more distant connections of social life. It is n passport with all into their esteem aud iin'eetiou. It gives a grace to the plainest couutcnanct*, mid to the ftiivcst is an orna ment whieli neither time uor diseasu will destroy, Every day of life teems with cir cumstances by which it may be exercised and improved. Towards tho husband it is manifested by fotbeanuico when lie in ini tutod aud vf:;bd, nnd by southiiiij, comfort ing ruid tiuppui'ting; liiiu v.lieu iituler ihe prussiiru of deeper ;iud iiioiouiih'eting trouWe.s, It is j shown towurds cliildivn and senamti by williiifj-neKS to pronioto their enjoyments, whilo buprriority is mildly but bti-uilily LXejtod to kwp thoni in i)roper t-ubjoutiou. ii is i'xhil)iliiii in eveiy Uicee-tuni by unwilling ness to offend, by not opposing our own opiiti^Ud mid pleaiuits to llu iniijuiliecs oi otheis; tiiid it U ubovo nil deinoji.-rmtid l:y tlio ciu er/u), Lit'ii toii'U' of .?Hjiint rlwt (hiv)la Viitliin I he Wt'li-jfovi'iucd iniml, iui'i whieh venijirs it hajijiy ululu-t in bjiitu oi vuxntiwis and sorrows. While a tme gcuUewouian lias fcoiuothius better tliaji a pr.ir of pn-tty h.uids on whiuli tu baso lier oljunm (o ' gentility' Uia her right to keep iiL'i' handa us fair mid smooth as tliu fuiliifiil di'iimr i-i hoy duties will admit, '? Who Bwt;t-i)B a room aui] ewi-cp it i-Li»n' inuliUB thu aotjou iui le;-6 fiuo l-y tlju M'caving u{ n pair of uM kid gloveti duiiug tliu jiroouBi, aud Uiu fciuiw ia liuu i/f dusting, blittkiug n stove, jjutting down cnrjJoU, tbuniiiK' kerosiiiu }am\m, and many of thu otlior liuusuhoM dutiiH thnt full to tlio mothtrs (Did duwhura in lltmif'S wliwo iu) Bi'i'VMrt JS Uujiti H is quitu jiDsbible, willi \\-vo\K-r »iavo{«inyuii wiuor o» tl»o subject), tu du tlw majority of thrau tuElis without ecHous iiijnry la tlio liainl^, mul it is ulso a fultjo |-ridt' (hat preventu miu ttvm using (Uc Uv'uwjfiati lUivwiUioiw, Muiiy busy housewives affect supremo indiiforence to the bands, aud do uot hesitate to express their contempt for those who try in any way to pro tect them. t; Mother thinks it so silly,' said a young girl,' blushing with shame on being found sweeping1 in gloves. But why not as well wear cloves to protect the hands as a £ weeping-cap to protect the hair? The faith ful doing of one's duty is always commendable, and the marks of toil are uo disgace ; but there is no virtue in the abusing of the hands that perform the lalwr, and for one's own com foit due care should Ue taken to keep them from becoming callous and rough. Since last Jeap year (says the St. James's Gu.ctte) the new woman has made herself tuch a power iu tho laud that perhaps the recur rence of a figure divisible by four will be no longer a matter of interest to ladies, lint they had better juako the most of theii- chance, for, us w;is pointed out last wcik, thciv will not be another Jeap year till V.M. It dues uot seem to l;e generally known that tho ancient custom allowiugtlo/ludy to 'jjiloj)0£o'wiwaoeiiiupauiiid Uy what jurists call a sanution. Any guntleuwn who i xoi'cised his 'fouitfsy of refusal' W'i\s Ijouutl to pa-sent tho rejected «iitor with a ailk ilicbs, The Act j.hssi d liit=t tessioii csu-nd. ing tin- fciimmary jm-iailiutioji of magistrates iu ivgaru to jiian-ied woiiien camu juto force ou N'w V ear'-j Day, nnd euiuplainiiig wivoe liava eviti- bini:i- btit-n tolling to tl-c police uiacjsU'Uttss s-.ul stoi'itjaot' uilKOt'uliloduiiu.stia life, Uuu mail has heeii aeeusud of luurjuiiif ihu vvoinan's privik-^u of tit-oldiiig, iiuoiljL-r l::;s Ijl-oji t'uiliy of ttojipiug out, iiiij a third h,\\* yoijo nway fj'-nu hi/iijo jutt wlu-ii In thimght lio would, Alining, tlnsti) trrriblj oliViiUtid the int^rventiuu of llii; mn^iai'.utu lias buc-u invoU-d iu vuHi, iiut CIka.' bcu iii'u aW'utuly Miaiiy tiucs ot g- iniiue imitriuioiiiiil lmi'iJ.j]ii|) utiiong tlju poor ii hii.-h thu Iji .ueliei-jit Act of JiL^t hiw-joii iti i-iiahliiiy ? iimt'icitiiiio iu uolTeLf. WnilJ' poor woiliell Ili.W Kl|bjirU-i| to tlie tovtitiiJ m Lrutal, tj-.ill)i)ib' liu»Uiiid» Will JittV» tlleii' liVrii Kllul ini.iu iuU-l-uliU- us tlw luunvlt-'iljjii tjuwula n.«ionj{ llii-ir t!ii-.-» lli«t llit-y (-iiu U- ii|-.,|..vtnl i.niij.ist fi-m-liy, liegleet, «tr.d rubli. ry uf ihWr i.-;nuiu^. Oho tiefiL-t, of thu Aft hub nUn'Ay )nH-U (tin mb',vl-l i.-J iiji);iiK!i')-iiil IJOJJ1 nmtu I nil---; ii i.w*ii.uM In'* (rt-'uii ruiivii.'u4 of stiid li'li^h. I I'm iTisi-llV, tlt» »V»fa t;LMllot oh(:lin 1|ji« Ill-U i IfMte'h pi-u(«jeti'i)l| O» n M|).ii'iiUi-M i'id- i' imii'id fcliu fiisi, ha vwi Iiui- IihhIjiukV.s hoii^o, 'l\i iwttili t'Uli(fiiig to lit! hujiK vi'.li b'f vhiKU'uti U a hut tj jy^nl complaint on the part of the wife against her husband. If she leaves the house (the Daily News points out) the bad husband promptly seizes the opportunity of selling the furniture and defying both wife and magistrate. Then in these days of deramds for equal treatment of the sexes there is another case unprovided for — the case of the man whose home is ruined and children endangered by an incur ably drunken wife. The rich can tind ways of relieving themselves and children from this dreadful incubus. The pour man is without a remedy. The death was announced a short time since at Paris of a remarkable woman, the Countcssof Caithness, at the age of 65. The countess was a Cuban of Basque origin ou the paternal, and of English .origin on the maternal side. She spoke English, French, and Spanish with equal grace, fluency, and purity, and could be eloqueut in all three. Her father left her an immense fortune, of which she tried to make a good use. She was first ruarriod to Count de Porna, a Spanish nobleman and a great diamond fancier, who left her a collection of jewels that might vie with those in manv a regalia. He left her a young widow. Her second husband was the Earl of Caithness, ?who so often took the chair at scientific congresses. As his wife she received the Princo of Wales in the ancestral castle of the Sinclairs. in Caithness-shire. Lady Caith ness was a woman of singular administrative ability, and most charitable. She entirely managed her large fortune, kept no house keeper, bad a large household, and lived in style becoming her rank and wealth. She did not dismiss a servant for more than 25 years. Her manners were wonderfully soft and sweet, but she had a firm will and did not like to repeat her. orders. Her kindness was very great. Where she was peculiar was in the forms in which her spiritualistic beliefs shaped themselves. She believed herself to be the medium of Mary Stuart, and used to write for hours, in a clear, plain, business-like hand, betraying neither neurosis nor imagination, communications from Queen Mary of Scotland. She had a whole bookcase filled with these writings. She took up Madame Blayatsky and gave her £1,000 to spread the doctrines of theosojihy. After her death the Countess complained that her ghost drove away Queen Mary. It was made miserable, she ccmplained, by ths violent severance from the body through cremation. 