INTERESTING ITEMS. HOLY TRIsITy BAND OF HOPE :-A concert in connection with the above was held in the Boys' Schoolroom on Wednesday September 30th, when a good programme was presented in the presence of a fair audience. The evening was opened by a Piano duet by Misses Wilcher and Addey in first rate style. Songs were rendered as follows.-" Hearts and Homes" by Mrs Keamey, " Where is Heaven" Miss Violet Hall, "The Childrens House" and "The Gipsey's Warning " by Miss Alice Clements and " The Miners Dream" by Master John Thomas. Recitations by Misses Lily Clemnents, Alice Evans, Mr Shillinglaw, A. Jack, W. Jones. Dialogues, "The Artists Troubles" and "The Pawnbrokers Ghost" by Messrs W. Page, J. Patterson and W. G. Smith. The evening concluded with the dialogue, " Miss Diddle Lodgings" of which parts were well taken by Misses L. Huchcliffe and Mabel Knight and Messrs A. Ludgate, J. Dingey. J. Patterson and Mr Shillinglaw. The piano was as usual in the capable hands of Miss Vernon the Society's hon. Accom. panyist. HOLY TRINITY CnmISTrIA ENDEAVOR :-A social to celebrate the second anniversary of this society was held on Tuesday evening last in the Boys' Schoolroom, when about 50 members and friends were present. The room was tastefully decorated by the ladies and presented the appearance cf a drawing room. Numerous games were played during the evening. Songs were rendered by Misses Hall and Vernon in good style. Piano solos by Misses Lindon and Saker. Recita tions by Miss F. Ludgate and Mr H. Douglas, Refreshments were served out by the com mittee about 9 30 p.m., and after everyone had done full justice to the good things, the remainder was handed over to the Sunshine Committee for distribution to the poor. The evening, which was most enjoyable, was brought to a close about 10 30 p.m. by the singing of the Doxology. ATTACHMENT :-Mr Jones, solicitor, made an unusual application to the Williamstown bench yesterday. On the sworn evidence of Mr Matthews, shipwright, he asked for an order against Captain George Brown, of the barque Oimara. From the applicant's state ment it appeared that Captain Brown had been served with a summons for £4 13s., returnable next Tuesday, but his vessel would leave before that date thereby enabling him, if he so denied, to evade payment. As the defendant had not been notified of the present proceedings the further hearing was adjourned till this morning. 