BY TIRASNA BIVEB. ^CHAPTER XVHL Meanwhile Tliady had been pondering. TJie money liad not been fojund. The po lice were vigilant, so they said; but still ?were seeking clues. Thady, long ago, had given up hope; the money vras gone— gone to gloTi. I firmly believed; Thady was face to lac? with the gigantic task of replacing it. The task seemed impossible. Forty pounds odd!— how could a poor man, with, a large family, earning hardly enough to keep the wolf from the door even of an Irish laborer, wi:h no resources, no friends in America (thar El Dorado of the Irish peasant)— how couid such an one hope to find a sum like that? No; the task was impossible, I was well assured. Noi so, Thady. By hook or by crook, he declared, every penny should be replaced; sooue: or later the burden of his disgrace should be cast from his shoulders. How? liow? I asked. Never heed, said Thady, and iviiirs'ed his head; never heed. By hook or hy crook it will come— and forthwith, fell a pondering. Surely Thady was a strange mortal, as day by day one saw him working there, self coutered and lonely beneath the gloomy sky. ILs like or equal was not within my know ledge. Irish born and bred, he had none of tiu- usual characteristics of the Celt. He wa.s fearfully ugly; skin and bone he was, with his clothes hanging on all kinds of awk ward angles; he was stolid and grave as a tomh^toaetph;e..4a^igli^d:as seldom as -does a. j donkey; lie was blunt almost to rudeness, liol.'teues he had none; he was oracular as a i street preacher. Behold, he was a hard , man:, an austere man, as the Scriptures put it He was perfectly humorless; with Mm a spade was a spade to the very head- For minutes at a time he would stand fixedly reading the- sky, his arms crossed on his breast, a hand plucking at his chin. Some times in the fields he would stop work and .ponder for a while; then snap Ms lips and I worl: silently on. Oppressively silent he ! coul'i be: but start a subject, no matter j ?what, and Thady was with you, the foun- j t-iiur* of his common- sense fast flowing. It | ?was a man's duty, he affirmed, to give his - fellows the benefit of his opinions; nothing, ', Ik- declared, was beyond the reach of sound coiuirou-sense; a man who had a clear head ami could tnink for himself might talk about all things under the sun. Education he had Dot. worse luck, said he; but Providence had '. given him a clear head and abundant sense, j Let people be silent, he could think; let them chatter, and he was there wide-'awake and m;dy. Well all this hardly fits your light-hearted, enthusiastic Celt. Neither does your Celt groan exceedingly under the disgrace of money encumbrances; nor always strive manfully in the face of difficulty to repay tlm which is lost; nor does he often allow hin self to settle down into a state of brood ing gloom and worry. No; Thady was a man apart; a man with an atmosphere, as Harry Thomson said: and verily it seemed to one that of late the atmosphere was op pressing him. Some days he looked 'woe- fully haggard and stricken; he would yawn wearily through a morning and hang his head like a sun-scorched flower; at tunes he had the look of a hunted hare, and the shif tr. sT^spieious eyes of a pickpocket; ill health (till lately a novelty with Thady) sometimes kept him at home for days at a time; he grew more morose and taciturn every day. Nor was Susan herself. I seldom saw her. Her old merry^jaugh had gone; her. roses were paler; her^eyes^fiad lost 'their'- fine- heal thy freshness; when yout-epoke^she blushed and felt confused. These things, the changes for the worse in the demeanor -of Thady and his wife, I, of course, 'felt sure were caused partly by the fetlmg of disgrace' whTch Thady's mishap had. brought, and partly by the want of suf ficient food occasioned by the weekly drain of three shillings on Thady's earnings. Of tea I hegired them to get rid of the feeling; every week I told . Thady that he would please me by drawing his full money. But n--; the debt (so lie called it) must be repaid; then the disgrace would go. But — but ? 'Now, whisht,' , said he, 'whisht! take all ye get— an' meb'be one o' these days Til sur prise ye.' ^ . . ^, . . ... ,. He did surprise me; for one day he paid mo a lump sum of two pounds in shillings and half-crowns. I whistled; took the money, and. said nothing. Soon afterwards lie killed a pig, sold it for three pounds odd iu Bunn market, and handed me five one pouuc notes. I whistled again. Seven pounds from Thadj- Sheeran -within a week or two I 'Where on earth did the four come from? How could he spare the tiree? On earth! what was happening? Was it cards? Was Thady scouting the country o' nights and turi-ing his mighty knowledge of cardplay ing to good account? Was he victimising Pli'l Coyne and Wee James and the rest of the play-boys? Ah! perhaps that day when Susan had refused Harry ana myself ad mittance to her kitchen the rooking of the innocents was in full swing? No doubt — m doubt! . . . Still, Pete had not been complaining of Phil of late; nor did Wee Jan.es wear the face. of a victim; nor did rumors of exploits by Thady among the in nocents of Gorteen come to me. I was be wildered; so one day, as delicately as I could. I put the problem to Thady: How bleed four pounds from a milestone? He toe-»eu his head. 'Ah!' said he, 'there's more ways nor one o' makin' money in this world. A smart mad can turn an honest penny where ano tbft'd be lookin' round him— ho, he can.' 'But listen to this, Thady,' said I; and 'went on to lay my difficulty bare before liim. Thady had just paid me a lot of money; whence came it? How did it hap pen that he could make money now and not always? Why was he content to work th -re like a slave when evidently there were otiie'- and easier -ways of making a liveli hood? He looked at me keenly for a mo fflent, then turned Ms eyes, towards the mountain. =? ?? ? . _.:-?? 'Ye're a smart man,' he said presently, 'an' ye talk common-sense. All the same 3''.' don't know iverything, an' this piece o' business I'm not goin' to tell ye. I didn't stale the money., an' I didn't make it— that's about all.' If I said more the charm 'd go.' 'I' is gambling, Thady?' I asked quietly. 'Mebbe,' said he; 'try and see. When ye saru four pound at cards ha these parts, conj» an' tell me.' Then he shut his lips; and left me as be 'WMered as ever. One Saturday,, -however, Thady did not coiue to work, and as the day was fine and thiegs going badly without him, I sent Hal to see what was wrong. In about an hour my young blade came back stuffed to. the lips with Susan's potafor bread and tea, and bringing word that Tha -iy was ill and -x)uld not come. [?'? . HIV What was .the matter? . He had *-een well enough th&day; before. : ; Hal did not .'know; tout Susan said it was (rheumatism. ^ iV ^ ' ??' ? ?'? ? '--' Had foe eeeji Thady? No; but he had heard -him snoring p&w;«rfnl.Dgp. to the room, snoring like a, fat pig, and going 'WiSfi Trnauf, wMff whauf,' for ail the wouM Mfce the steam working: in a piston. It had nearly killed him with laughing-^- : Wait, I interrupted, was the sound more like the steam jolting the lid. on a kalejiot?. Ah, that was it!— just like that— the queerest snoring Hal had ever heard. Hari cried. I asked if Snsaaliad. looked confused. No, she hadn't looked confused, just the same as -usual; once,, tijumgb,-* Hal /'bad asked -to goiiji ;.'to see' ThaAy? jnst^to fcavfe a wee chat, and Susan had reddened Tip, had J Put her back. .against -the door, had called to ] Miady to etop his noise, atid tcHd Hal thttt ' it -wouldn't be decent to go up — the room | was- all upside down, and Thady didn't like to be seen in a nightcap. What was she doing for him? Oh, nothing, said Hal; just poulticing him — foe only knew that because Susan had ask ed if he noticed the queer smell the linseed made. Smell? What kind of smell? Oh, a sour smell— -a sharp, sour smelL The same that Harry and I had also found! Oh! I saw it all. I had diagnos ed the case. That peculiar noise— that whiff whauf — had given me the clue. How often j had Thady himself imitated it and told me' wuat caused it ... That was how he made his money— the infernal old rascal! This it was that had kept him at home so often, had made him look haggard and sleepy and woe-begone and haunted; this too that had left its evil mark on Susan! This was your 'by hook or by crook!' This was my honst, right- minded man; this dis graced, unfortunate Thady! This is what ! Big Ned had referred to in, the Marvins' kitchen; this, was 'the best in all Ireland' that Oiney Coyne had spoken about! . . . Oh! I saw it all. Yes; and I should see more. That very day I found occasion to pass the Sheerans' cottage on my way to the big I river meadow. Susan was pounding pota toes in a tub before the door. How was Thady? I asked. Ah, he was donny— was better — but was I going to the meadow? 'I am,' said I, 'I want to look at the hay —the sooner we get it home the better. If it rains much more it'll be flooded. 'Aw, true for you! Shure it's qjus times! A^ dear, oh dear! An' the praties rottin' lek mad!' Her manner was confused and excited. 'Ay, indeed, Susan; it's a bad look-out' I walked on a step or two. 'I widn't go to the meadow along the river, sur,' she called. 'Ye'U hardly be able j to cross the drain. I'd go roun' be the gap th' other side o' the Crockan.' 'Oh, all right, Susan. I'll jump it easy enough.' 'Sfebbe ye'd eee Thady that way. He limped out a minit ago, lek yirself to see the hay.' 'AT the better, then; I want to see him. Tin glad he's better.' I walked on; but just as I reached the foot of the Crockan, ; Susan cried— a peculiar cry, something be- i tween a wail and a scream — then called af- i ter me: 'If ye see Tliady, sur, tell Mm to come home quick.' 'All right,' I called; 'no doubt he's heard you himself.' Thady's cottage and the big meadow were on the same level and some little distance apart. Between them, and 'back a few yards fr jm the river, rose the conical mound call ed the Crockan. It rose sheer from the river bank to a height of say sixty feet, and, landwards, was backed, almost to its sum mit, by a hill that sloped down to the bog in one direction, and to the big meadow in the other. You might almost have called it a spur of the hill thrown out towards the river. But coming froni Emo, one saw at once that its rounded crest was higher than the hill on which one walked; and, further more, was ringed near the top with a broad shallow mound inside which was a thick bristle of oak stumps. People said it had been once a Danish fort; and probably its comn ending position near the river, and the quality of the water which gushed from its foot, had not escaped the quick eyes of those marauding old eut-throats. It was now, however, only a barren, picturesque mound from which, on Sundays, lonely-minded lovers looked out on the beauties of the land.- -- . , ? - ? ' ? ;:: ifetvmg'' answered' SiiJan/ I,' made quick and straight up the side of the Crockan; and on its top found Thady sitting solitary on a stump. [He rose, and wearing an expression of acute pain, hobbled a step towards me. 'Hello, Thady,' I said; 'glad vou're bet ter.' ' 'Aw, ay,' he said; ' 'twasn't much — only the wet in one's bones. A couple o' poul tices did me a lot o' good. Goin' to see the hay?' I answered Yes. Did he think it was safe? Aw, it was— so far. He would come with me. I begged of him not to trouble; walk- j ing migiit hurt Mm. Aw, no, 'twas noth ing- So, showing much concern that I should go the shortest and cfeanesr'way (which I was quick to notice did not go down the meadow-side of the Crockan), he kept at my shoulder, and, as a peeweep lures one from its nest by a pretence of lameness, led me I safely through a muddy gap into the big j meadow. There, we looked at fhe hay, ex changed counsel, and parted. Late that night I left Harry reading by the fire, and Hal asleep in' the comer, and under pretence of going to see Thady, set out once more towards the river. The night was very dark, the clouds lowering, and a cold wind blue fair in my teeth. Going cautiously, I plodded steadily through the mud and rushes; nor halted till right before me was the dim loom of the Crockan. head. I. stopped dead; peered hard for a while; ?th«n suddenly crouched at sight of some thing white fluttering among the stumps. What the deuce was it? I asked myself; at last by dint of hard peering I made out the dim outline of a figure which swayed gently from side to side. Ha! thought I, none too soon: and with that turned my face towards the big meadow, and on hands and knees made my way downhill till I had come to th-3 hedge that ran up and all round the ian*i side of the Crockan. Along ? **'» I jouked up— up— up; presently crawled throu gh the quicksets, and found myself among the tree-butts right atop the mound. Very still I lay till my breath went freely; then, hearing a sound which went hush-a, hush-a, bush-a-h-a, and which came, I thought, from the white figure I had seen, I got on my knees and crawled towards it Softly I went; nearer and nearer the sound was. Easy! There below me a few yards' away, was Susan huddled over a child, and softly hushing it in her arms. A pretty look-out was Susan, you will say, crooning over a child and showing her white ap.ron in. the night! ? Yes;- -trot mothers sometimes, in tbeir yearning over us poor children of mon, forget that the sky hangs over any but themselves. Turning, I crawled straight back, wound among the stumps, came soon to the Crock an head, and in a moment was stretehed flat, looking down the meadow side of the mooid. ? i Below, in a notch in the elope— rather a rough gravel-hole or cock-pit— Thady and Ids confederates were brewing poteen. The epot was so situated that nothing could be seen of.it from below, or from Emo Mil. or from the river; but I could see all. At the back of the notch, against the monad, the Still rested on stones over a small fire. A high, globular, copper, vessel it was, with -a pear-ahaped 'top. which, I soon«aw, could foe detached, jrhe ^xtre'mity of this top bent over, just as, might the top of a pear, amd from it the ^ worm curled down, passed ithroEgh a cask of ^artier, and came out over a rwepdem Teeselj. 'A. 'ttrt- stood close by iij; ? which lay a quantity of wet -malt, '. ^the wort or mash, eo«aHedtattd lie very stuff whose smelljand «apens withi Jh&tub; lid, as it seeth- ed and foamed Sn ' Sbbady^s Jdtehen, had eefc ? me on the track -tf the -disfiller?., | ^ Beside the cask, iwu^entay ^wa&Mng; fliedijf i tilled, liquor -ilrop fwto::1sh©3WsoEni, sat 'Thady- i smoking and nupsiiig ^fcls ^hii: Three or j A four men -(I knew -hem,/bnt ; no matter) lay '-. behind him, playing caras *y ^ jHie light of tiheu ? fire. A£.&e;«^'rf»r^e'4-^1ef^'a\fid^' i jugs, tiSrf istrewed Me clay;' *^Bna -stream of smoke r:t^t!eO-o^'i^;'g^!i^;:-'^^eJa|*?-: '; light Mckerea -Slid flared on jjthe ^amjWier^'; , faces; Thadj? ^f^f pondering;' :dM?Hiietf|y I - fcear&-£he ligubr -&&& into ffie.v^ej, SuS., I Presently, Thady took a cup, and dipping a little poteen from the vessel below she worm, tasted, it; then replenished the cup and passed it to the card-players, who sip ped lov.ingly and looking towards Thady smacked their lips. Clearly the liquor was excellent; . once again the cup went round, mightily smacked the lips; up rose Thady, carefully emptied the poteen into a jar, then removed the Still-head and poured in fresh wort. Such a pungent, refreshing smell it i was that came up, to me through the night! j Such a longing I had for a swig at that jar, j just to chase the cold from my bones! And ] Susan behind me there, crooning over her child; aii! how well, one thought, the lit tlest taste would have flashed life through .her chilly blood For the best part of an hour, I lay Jhere looking down at that strange, somewhat weird scene. Sometimes, it was hard to be lieve that the place with all its details was not ^gomething supernatural and that mor tals were down there defying the law under the cover of the night: all was so quiet; the light from the fire worked such subtle flick erings on the gamblers' faces; Tliady sitting by the Still looked so grim and devilis-h; that ill-defined patch somewhere below, in the darkness had such an uncanny look, that one might well have imagined' himself to be. in sight of fairies at their capers, or demons sprawling round one of the furnaces of hell. How Harry and his poetic mind would have revelled in the sight of it. But alas for your prosaic mind! I knew all the men; the card-playing was palpable; Thady himself gave me thoughts that were any thing but poetic. See what he was doing. He 'had Jost money which, as an honest man, he felt bound to replace. The debt was a burden of disgrace; he could not look me in the eyes till he had rid himself of it. And, by hook or by crook, he would rid himself of it Money would be found. Thady Sheeran would walk straight again before the world. See him! With one hand he steals that he may pay with the other; this side he is ?honest, that side he is a law-breaker and a rogue. With one eye he looks to the law, expecting it to make search on his behalf; with the other lie watches the law, fearing it may pounce on him and turn his face to wards Bunn Police Court. Here, he says, am I, Thady Sheeran, an unfortunate man in sore trouble. I've lost money; I can't find it; I'm honorable and honest; the money must be replaced. How? How? Lord of ali! how can I get money? Cards? [No us&! Hard wort? Every day I slave— and look at me! Borrow it? No, no! Come, Susan; come, oh! ye springs of common seiise, come help me to find money! — What's that? Who said poteen? Begob! it's well said But— but it's risky; if I was caught forty pounds wouldn't satisfy the law. But— but it's the only plan, and by cripes! I'll try it. ... What's that? Who says irs wrong? Is it making a sup of decent spirits? Is it- trying to make an honest man of myself? Is it that that's wrong? Ah! to Jericho with such talk! The law! Ah! ? the law, it's always down on the poor! What right had the law ever to stop the poor man's. little brewing? Who was harmed by the making of a few gallons of poteen? Who could pay the ruinous price of spirits— who would pay it when better stuff could be manufactured by your own fireside? The law, indeed! Let the law find my money, and catch the rogues, and leave decent men to their own devices. So stir up, Susan; come, gather up, boys; now then, all Gorteen and Bilboa. and divil knows where! take notice that Thady Shee ran is brewing, and has on sale at halfa crown the pint, the best poteen ? What was that? There again!— And again! that strange cry— the same, only in a lower key, which Susan, some few hours agone, had sent after me as I was making for the Crockan. A warning! The look out! The police were coming, then! I sprang to my feet . . . Easy! I shrank back as Susan ran past me, her bare feet twinkling in the night, and vanished down the slope into the darkness. What! where was the Still? What in glory was happen ing? Where was the Still? Down I went oji my knees and peered hard. I could see nothing. There came a faint hissing noise from below; then a clatter of earthenware; then the clump of feet hurrying towards the river: after that silence, darkness, loneliness. Suppose the police should. find me there? A sudden fear smote me; and as hard as I could pelt I made for home. Some time in the night, Harry woke me and told me that some one was thundering at the back doof. 'Oh! dang their skins! whoever they are,' said I. 'Can't a fellow sleep?' Where's my breeches?' Harry picked them off the floer and gave them to me. 'Now,' said he, 'come on.' I followed him into his room and threw up the window. 'Why don't you smash the door?' I roar ed down into the yard. 'Who the blazes ore ye, at IMs time of night?' 'Who lives here?' some one asked. 'G'iuck!' I said, 'an' ax.' 'Come down, for your sauce, an' open the door.' 'Divil a toe — d'ye think I'm mad?' 'Come! or we'll break in.' 'Wait, then, till I get the gun; I'd like to get a shot at you first Harry, me son, run and i-ring the rifle.' 'We're the police,' said the voice. 'Open, in the Queen's name!' 'Oh! are yon? Then why the deuce did. not you say so at once?' I lit a candle, and going down opened the doov to three policemen. In a few words they told me what they wanted. They had heard that poteen was being run in. Emo; and they had come to search the house. What for? I asked. Oh, no offence; 'twias only their duty; they never knew; they made no accusations; but the Still and poteen were hidden somewhere. I laughed. 'Oh,' said I, 'search away; the house is at your service. Only hurry up, my sons, for I'm powerful sleepy. Come on, I'll show you the way. Mind the holes in the floor, an' if you see a ghost shoot it,' I led them through all the rooms; their emptiness aston ished them. Of course they found nothing. I asked them 4f. they were satisfied. Oh, perfectly; of course they had not expected to find anything; but thy had to do their duty. Wai- jfchere anything more I couid do for them? No, oh, no; they had already search ed the outhouses. The devil! Did they think, then, I was having a little brew on. my own account? Gh, no. What then? They had received word that some one was distflling in Emo: they had, therefore, made a raid, and were bound to search everywhere— that was all ihey coold say. ' ? ' ' ' 'Successful?' '' -? ' - 'Good night' said they. -TV- ~be continued.) 