THE GREAT EMERALD, OR THE TEBTAKT OF HILL HOUSE. By EDMUND DOWNEY. Author of "Behind the Door," "Tho Merchant of Kilkjgue,'' "A HOUBB of Teara" ''Through Groen Glasses," "Captain Lanag&n;'a Log," ftc. CHAPTER IV. THE GREAT EMERALD DISAPPEARS. When Mr. and Mrs. Blair reached the hall from the dining-room of the Hill Hoose that evening the brougham was drawing up at the door. MiUy, pale and full of fear, WM waiting for them. "It soeros, mv dear," said Mrs. Blair to Miss Mosely, asshe said good-bye, "aa though we had been both destined to end the evening with aniietiew. I feel horrid at leaving you while you do not know anything about your brother, but there is something wrong at The Nook, and we must go. I'll Bend Harry down the moment I get home. He'll stay with you until Mr. Mosely returns, and he will bring us word that all is right with you here, my dear, and I'll oome to Reo you myself to-morrow." "I am not alanned for Ben's sake, thy dear," said Alias Mosely, in an unsteady voice. 1 1 But I feel very uncomfortable, for I know it would not be for a little cause he would do what he has done, and I have no idea at all of what can be the matter." " Oh, it's a young oomet bolted, dear. There, don't be frightened." " Banks has tried the turret—only Ben and he ever go there, and he says my brother isn't in it, and hasn't been there this evening. Besides, anything of that kind would not explain Ban's running away. And look, the sty is overcast, and the moon has not oome out. I do not know what to think. It seems to me as if Ben's reason had given way." " Oh, nonsense!" said Mrs. Blair, cheerfully. " It is nothing of the kind. You and I will have a food laugh over the affair to- morrow. Good night, dear Miss Mosely. I'll take care Harry is with you in half-an-hour." "l»ow than, Emily," cried the diamond merchant, impatiently. " You are keeping u e a n d hurrying oat of the hall she was helped by her husband into the brougham beside Milly, who w&g; already seated. Blair having scrambled in, they drove off towards TheNook. For the first hundred yards not a word was spoken. Mrs. Blur was too much confused, agitated, to get her thoughts into words. She was a woman of sedate, orderly mind, and at the moment her ideas would not come into line. An ordinarily emotional woman would have found relief in exclamations and ejaculations ; but Mm. Blair was not ordinarily emotional, and seldom spoke when she had nothing to say. MUly was silent partly out of fear and partly out of a disinclination to speak until she heard what her father and mother thought. Blair fumed and muttered and fidgetted. He was vwy angry with something or other, he did not t^Vw the trouble to decide what. A catastrophe had happened, and he felt sure buch & catastrophe oould not happen through uny fault of his. For argument's sake, allowing he was concerned in this catastrophe, he must be concerned owing to the fault of some one else. He broke silence in a petulant " I wish we had stopped at home." "So do I," uaid Mrs- Blair, anxious to keep matter* smooth. "Them why on earth did you come out?" cried he, glad of the chance of venting his illh amour on any one. " I came out," ahe said, calmed by the injnstioeof his words and manner, "because you wished it, John." " A man's own home is ttie proper place for him when his business is over. " But I thought you wanted to have a talk with Mr. Moeely,' said she in racek, level tones, but with the air of one who knew she was blameless. Her manner irritated the man. " Oh! ridiculous!" he cried gruffly. "I did not know until to-day that he had anything particular to speak about." " Nor did I know until you came home this evening. 1 '' Well, so muoh the worse. Why did wo agree to oome when we were not even aware that he intended to consult me about anything important." " John, it was you yourself accepted the invitation." '' Yes, but Moaely hasn't opened his lips about whatever it was he thought of discussing with me," said he, implying by his accent that Mrs. Blair had in some way kept Moeley's mouth ekaed, or that ehe knew he would not speak. "He had no opportunity. He was called away before dinner was over," said she soothingly. "Hewill tell you all about it when next you see him." " I suppose so—I suppose, 7 ' he grumbled ; 1 1 but I am sorry we did not send an apology this morning. There's that Emerald, you know; I own I am uneasy about it. I never was before in all my life uneasy about that safe, but the Emerald has got on my mind." "Well, dear, your mind will soon be easy about it, for we Bhall be at home in a few minubea. She spoke as though ahe retired from the conversation for the present. She saw he was excited and angry, and felt nothing could be done to appease him. "I hope all this running about with lights and blaring up all tho house isn't the doing of that Harry." "Whv moald Harry do such a thing, father?" asked Stilly. " Oh, I dont know—there is no reason. It's because there oould be uc reason for it that he he is likely to do it." "Father," Baid the girl reproachfully, "you know Harry is the brat and dearest fellow in the world. Why do you say such an unjust thing?" Used to be all right. The boy used to be all right. But since he picked up with that Macidemia lot of Bcribblers and artiste and rillraff, he is not what lie was. The boy is changed. I met Mackenna once. I didn't see any harm in him. but these newspaper fellows are all a queer, shady lot. They live in lodgings mostly, and are loose fish as a rule.' ' I think Mr. Mackenna a very gentlemanly and pleasant young man. And, as far as it goes, he lives with his sister in a house of hiB own," said Mrs. Blair, stoutly. "And I think Miss Mackenna is the prettiest and nicest girl in Norwood," Baid Milly, warmly. "Bless me, there is a nioe Miss Mackenna then! Ah! ha! That may account for a lot," said ha, with a dry, hard laugh, and a wriggle on the perch of the brougham where he sat cramped up. "Aocount for a lot of what ?"' aslced Mrs. Blair, drawing her wrap closer round her shoulders and speaking with forced indifference. '' For a lot of tomfoolery, of course. Can a pretty girl account for anything but tomfoolery* I wired him to-day that I had bought tho stone, and told him to come home at onoe. He knew by letter we were dining out this evening, and he goes and flares up the whole house like a panorama, and for all you know, there may be a doien penny-a-liners and soeue-shiftere now smoking in your drawingroom." "John!" cried Mrs. Blair, in a soft tone of reproach, "how can you fancy such a thing. You know as vail as I do that Harry is perfectly incapable of such folly." "Then, why has he flared up the whole house? Tell me why has he illuminated the place, drawing attention to it wheu all about the sale of the Emerald is. I am sure, in those prying, meddlesome oveuing papers? Harry has been home an hour or two. what does he moan by making a public spectacle of the house for Norwood ana Dulwion." He Bpoke with great vehemence, and as though she had incited her son to the deeds of whica he accused hiin. " I am sure I don't know; but I aai equally sure Harry has not taken advantage of oar absence to ask any unworthy people into The Nook. Of all things, that is about the last Harry would do. You know as well as I do that the boy has too much sense and spirit for such a meann^s." She spoke with calm dignity, and drew her cloak closer to protect herself from contact with the air in which such injurious things were uttered of her son. Blair blenched. "There now, I have KU£" gasted the only explanation that is reasonable, and such as would allow UB to hope that nothing serious is wronp at home, and you fly into a temper about it. But there—there —there. Let us drop it. No good comes of trying to argue with women, they cannot reason. They are incapable of reasoning." For a few moments nothing further was laid, and nothing was heard but the smart beat of tbc horses' hoofs on the ground and the dull rumble of the wheels. Again Blair broke silence. " fonily, are you asleop." " No.'' "Then, why don't vou talk?" His perturbation prevented him keeping quiet. " Because I am too anxious." " Too anxious? You can't be half as anxious as I am. I feel disposed to get out and flog the horse, flog the coachman. But I sav, Emily, what do you imagine took Mosely away from the table in that mysterious and abrupt way? I am not pleased with that. I am not pleased with anything to-night. What do you think Banks said to Mosely? I don't belie™ ho said anything about tho wines. Why, he put his hand on Mosely's shoulder?" " Indeed, I cannot imagine, unless, as you said, an important telegram arrived froru abroad. I have heard YOU say telegrams from abroad come at all times of tho day and night!" "So they do. So they do. You arc quits right in that." But if he did get an important telegram from abroad, why didn't he say so? And the reading of a telegram would take under one minute by the clock, one minute, not two or three houra. If ht> got an important telegram from abroad which took him away, why didn't he say so? Eli? Why didn't Mosely say so?" He put these questions eo pointedly and angrily that it would seem Mrs. Blair had advanced the explanation, and that it was the most absurd explanation ever offered by mortal. Blair was by this time trembling with excitement, and hardly knew what he said. "My dear John, these arc questions which none of us can possibly answer now, and you are only exciting yourself and making vourself ill to no end. Wait until you see him tomorrow." "Making myself ill. I'm doing nothing of the kind. Iam ill already. I am fearfully ill, I tell you." " We are just at home, dear," she said, as if he were a child in pain. Blair did not heed her, but went on :— "I think this is what happened. Banks whispers to Mosely. " There's somothinpwrong at ' The Nook.' Mosely gets up an3 aays hell be back in a short time. He goes off to 'The Nook' and finds something wrong there" "What?" "Emily, you are most unreasonable. Am I a prophet that I should know?" he asked complacently. "Go on, dear; I didn't know you didn't know." " Well, don't you see? You needn't ask me to go on. Any one can tell the rest." I confess I cannot." " I am surprised at that, for they say women have instinct which is more true than the reason of man. Well, when Mo°ely gets to 'The Nook,' he finds something wrong, and he stays to put it right, like the good fellow he is." " Father," broke in Milly, '' We are at our jfate." "To be sure we are, child," he cried, stopping his account of what had occurred with a sigh of relief, and adding, in a calmer manner, in a way more like his ordinary self, " to be sure we are, and the gate is open. A bad No other word was spoken till they drew up at the door. Blair scrambled out, and, without waiting to help .wife or daughter, ran and ® period the door with his key." Jane, the middle-aged houfemaid, had heard the brougham, and was standing pale and trembling in the hall. " Where's Mr. Harry? demanded Blair, sharply. " I don't know, sir." "What do yon mean by 'I don : tknow?"' still more sharply. " Mr. Harry came in and went out and came in again and stayed awhile and went out again, and I don't loiow whore he is now.*' "ITm! Has Mr. Mosely been here?" "Mr. Moeely!" in astonishment. " Yes, Mr. Moaely. My words are plain. Has Mr. Mosely called sinoe I left?" "No. sir." In asking this question, Blair had been giving hope a chance. 'Then if neither has been hero, what is the meaning of lights flying about the place and all the rooms being lit up?" "We got a Btart, oook and me. sir. We thought we heard noises in the house." "Ghosts?" asked Blair, giving hope a la&t; and desperate chance. "We didn't rightly know, sir, we were well nigh frightened out of our lives." "Where did you hear the noiaea?" In my room?" Blair threw down hope and braced himself to hear the Worst. "No. sir. Not upstairs. On this floor, and we saw"—the woman gave a little shriek and looked over her shoulder in terror- Mrs. Blair and Milly had come into the hall, leaving the door open behind them, and were standing behind the diamond merchant. "You saw what, Jane?" he asked, with less excitement, "We saw, sir, looking in at the kitchen window " She paused and leaned against the wall for support. "Yes." "A man in a grey coat." She glanced around her again apprehensively. " Come, come, of course no man had a right to be in the grounds; but there is nothing very terrible in that." "There was, sir. He was horrible to look at; and it was more horrible to see him than his looks." The woman gasped, and gave an hysterical sob. "And has any one been in my room'Bince we left?" " Only Mr. Harry, sir. He went there when he came first, and again when he came the seoond time." "And von don't know where he's gone?" "No, sir; he didn't say." At that moment the woman pointed wildlyatthe openfront door, then threw up her hand and shrieking, "There he is'. the man in the grey coat!" fell on the floor in a BWOOD. Mrs. Blair and Milly ran to the terror-* stricken housemaid and raised her. Blair darted to the open door, and shading his eyes with his hand stood gazing into th» darkness for a while. Then he came back to the hall, frowning and muttering. "There certainly was something—a cat I I think—on the lawn, but mv eyes were dazzled, and perhaps 'twas nothing at all. I must not forpet to ask Harry to shut the gate when he comes back. And now that all is explained by the cock-and-a-bull story about the ghost of the man in the grey coat, |I may as well see all is right in my room." He hastened upstairs. In a minute he was down again. Going over to his wife, who had it Jane on a chair, he whispered in Mrs. f lair's ear " The safe has boon forced and everything that was in it is gone, including the great Emerald!" ( To be continued to-morrmc. ) 