! SHORT 8TOKV THE ' TRUSTING INNOCENTS.' The wmatoc our lovers etakod was lost j Al tunty as if It were lawful ooin ; And the aiu I impale to eaoh frustrate ghost I Is— ths unlii lamp and the uugirt loin, Though tbe end in eight was a vice I say Tou of the virtue (we issue join), How atrire you P De te jabula. I ' The Statue and the Bust.* When 1 arrived in Cair with Howard fotTj on our way home from Mauritius, we had jau time to drees for the table d'hote at fiheohard's. ' Do*u/t appear to be anyone partioular here,1 murmured Kerr, as we looked round over cmrsoup. I h-td been able to discover no single faoe i keevr, but two or three minuies afterwards I saw Krio Vanburgh stroll in and choose a seat. 'There's Eric Vanbijrgh,' I whispered, glad to be able to point out to Kerr some one I knew by sight, and of whom he mnst have heard. 'Yea, so it is/ he replied, without in terest. It was the year of Vanburgh's ' At the Well,' when, tor the third time, his had been the prinoipal picture in the Academy, or certainly the most famous. Every now and again I raised my eyes to watch the great artist playing with his dinner, and I noticed that his faoe bore an expression which suggested that the boredom of dining was perhaps one degree more keenly felt by him than the boredom of life generally. Kerr was silent and thoughtful when we went on the balcony to take coffee. I thought I would give him a little informa* tion about the one man in the hotel whose face I knew. Kerr knows the world, I thought, its backbone and its beaobes ; bat at least, I know my London and its lions better than he. 4 Curious thing, is it not,' I said, ' that Vanburgh should be such a discontented chap P So dissatisfied with his work and 4 Yea ! Is he dissatisfied with his work, then p* ! ' Evidently. If b a household word in the clubs that Vanburgh is discontented with all things.' 'Ah!' * It's really extraordinary to one who knows anything about his life. I'm sure I can remember when Burlington House would have none of him, when he was always reaching financial bed-rock, and codd not get for half-a-dozen pictures what anyone would give him now for a oharcoal rketoh. Then he becomes one of the first two or three; is engaged to an earl's daughter, takes the town by storm, and — becomes chronically discontented and listless.' 4 H'm !' ? | ' I don't know if you hoard of it, but four years ago, when he made his first great hit, ne did a most extraordinary thing. ' The Daphne ' was pronounced far and away the picture of the year, and Vanburgh became the artistic fetish, distinctly the chosen lion of that season. Then, in the height of it alL a week before his marriage, he disappeared utterly ; was seen by no one for nearly a year ; ant? on his return gave no explanation beyond a remark about some illness which required Southern air. It wan the Narita year, you know, not long before ehe married the Chicago man.' * Yes. It was very strange.' 4 Host extraordinary. And yet even that didn't do him much harm. At least, I should say there were nob three English painters who would not be glad to change positions with Vanburgh. And still I don't believe he takes as much pleasure in life as that beggar down there at the corner. He's really a very thankless chap.' ' Poor old Vanburgh !' ' What ! Do yon know him P' 1 1 used to. Every man has his skeleton, yon know ; and happiness is all a matter of comparison. I suppose you've no idea what canned his disappearance, have you ?' * Why, no; I don't think anyone has. From my knowledge of him, he's not tlie sort of man to give explanations.' ' No, perhaps not ; but you shouldn't judge him too harshly. Look here.' Kerr leaned forward in the moonlight and rested one of his thin hands on the bal cony rail. Below us the typical Cairo crowd, its vivid flashes of colour, sickly scented cigarette smoke, and never-ceasing chatter, was surging aimlessly along. The moon light was clear and beautiful, with the sheen ! of the sooth. It showed to me very plainly . the fine nervoudy-working face of my friend; and slowly I perceived that my intensely narrow-minded twaddle, my sordid com placency, my ? accursedly gratizitons sum tninff up of another man's life, got on the nerves of the man before me. All the sympathy of his perfect Catholicism was io Howard Kerr's face as he began to talk, there on the balcony, in the moon-light. ' You remember the night of Narita's first appearance in London? I had with Enc Vanburgh that evening, with two other men, and he had seatB for us all at the St. James 'to hear the woman whoee mar vellous singing had placed aU the continental capital at her feet. Her engagement to that genial old buck, Lord Cassaz, had just been announced, and perhaps that added to the interebt shown in connection with her debut. At all events, St. James's was filled as I had never teen it filled before, and by a veiy brilliant audience.1 ?» Kerr was cooling down in the absence -of my babble and its irritating influence. He half smiled now, in recalling thp ' It was just at the height of yaabnzgb's first season as a lion, you know, PT'^ his indifference was certainly marked. We sat waiting, and listening to the subdued, silken rustle of the monde feminine, its vanity, its ohatter, blending with the low hum of the mouoh masculine* My mind, I j remember, was more or less seriously oc- 1 cupied with reflection, upon (he dress Slit I | was wearing ; oould it be induoed to survive another fortnight 4f the season, or till suoh ! tineas a little on account to my tailor -would ' enable me to order another, I was very hard np then. Vanburgh yawned 4-vsr his programme, a&daskal; ne if X would look Li at Lady Winthrop's little crash after the ; ootwerfc. ?? gii^dl ng^a^ fares and oifinGS^~yqrk in my rooms ♦youtoowyanbai'gh. ??Ialw»yi* fMitir that if Aad then two orthree suS Items bavtogbeen disposed of. JM t* appealed, and a valuable hint , which I had ! been about toimparttoVan. was forever lost to posterity. It was jpa± to «*terity. It was lost to posterity because I've for gotten it iijrh. E .-was tot toVanburgh bseanseihatlfatiWB lion almost Jumped out of his ohair whanNarlte, smiling like a |MMlflsssr and bowfeglike a queen, walked \- Sown ttegjeeat iplattem and stood wailing ? ^pfrfUlMWV'' \0flbd QtoAt I beriiil hhn mutter. 4 My T pifpom.' Kj datnaHly fnujr— .- : 'Then Van. Awlimi^aliurtiwnaU. HaHnwina., and irwimrntNtfi Inarind forward in katn, listening enjoyment, forth. woman bad Bonndad flw iwtrndta « Hut unknown Itdian'aawwteat wiW melfidy, and lor ^bewnderlngmloJito.tiie giaitlall was «IM toth. proat tanlasifln at *11 otter at tod, wifli tka arobbin* jmrfty of herj 1 est placed upon reaord, 1 only remembor a little bit about the Italian school of musio, sandwiched between a Oalifornian anecdote and the dramatic strength of a speeob of If r. Chamberlain. The total sum during the fifteen minutes was brilliantly grotesque.' Kerr paused and leaned back in his chair, a queer little smile playing about his lips. Continuing after a few moments, he said : — 'Then he disappeared, and I didn't see him again for eight months.1 ' A Tate which the pablio generally shared with you,' I murmured. ' with this slight difference/ said Kerr, puffing slowly at his cheroot : ' I saw him in eight months. The great British public only received him a^am after eight months and some ten or twelve days.' ' Ah ! I beg pardon/ 'Don't mention it; only the difference happens to be material. Narita's second song that night was encored, and, as you kaow, England heard nothing and saw nothing of her after that for nearly a year. At first, I remember, people raised their eyebrows and murmured something about poor uld Lord Cassex. Gradually the thing dropped. There wore other fcopios. What had become of Eric Vanburgh, R.A. P Was be not on the verge of matrimony P Had not Mayfair claimed him an its art fetish for that season, at least ? Where in the world had he set up his altar nowP ' In Vishnu land what Avatar?' But yon. doubtless re member it all.' I nodded, and Kerr went on with hie story. 1 When the only aunt I had departed this world eomo six or seven months after my little dinner with Vanburgh, she left me about two thousand pounds. I suppose there have been larger legacies—not a doubt of it; but, at all events, I earned the undying re spect of my landlady, and the grovelling effusiveness of my tailor. Then I went on Continent- to — to benefit my health aud to taste oavisre again. 4 In Rome I met two or three ohums among the studios, and on the third day of my stay I was peremptorily commanded to attend a certain Bohemian function, which mainly hinged round a farewell dinnersupper smoking ooncert, given to a few students of both sexeB who were leaving for the North and for hard work. ' But, look here/ 1 objected, when Norrie, a Wadham man, then attired chiefly in a blouse and felt hat, burst into my room with this invitation, ' who's giving the thing, anyhow P I don't know anyone here now, remember/ ' Oh ! that(s all right. You just come alonff, if yon don't want trouble. If s only the Trusting Innocents, and 1 invite you, and ? ' ' But Norris's voioe died away into a con fused rumble, as he happened against the man who was bringing my morning coffee upstairs, and I was favoured with no farther particulars. ' The combination supper party was all the rollicking success which suoh things deserve to be ; but its host and hostess were, I think, the very aaddtat pair of entertainers Bohemia ever extended its good fellowship to.' ' Eh? Yes. Narita and Eric Vanburgh, I each under another name, striving might and main to be jollv, reckless, boa camaraderie, weary smiles of frozen disillusion, effort upon effort of breast beating against Fate's stoniest bind of wall. Ye gods ! I shall never forget that evening. You know the long, low room undor Bonnacinna's place, with its heavy cross beams and sockets in the putinftlllng' for lights. Toasts they drank by the score. and Fernere — that tall fellow with red hair, who painted under Ardennier— he donoed a furious cancan on the lower table, and after wards appointed Vanburgh with his own Chianti ! Ah ! ' Well, a fortnight afterwards Eric Van burgh was living severely alone, and slaving away from sunrise to sunset in his Hamp stead studio. A few months later Narita was vety nearly, some say quite, at the head of her profession. Then came the Chicago millionaire, and she, as you know, was lost to the publio. No one ever heard any explanation of it all except myself, and aU I heard came in a jerky, broken conversation, jumbled up between songs and toasts and applause, with Vanburgh u that room below Bonnacinna'vs. He said:— ' When £ was a student die had a top story room in a tall house opposite tho one at which I digged in the Rue de St. Helaire. She sang, and I painted, and she watered flowers in her window-box, aud I shifted my easel to my window's edge, and feU In love with her. 1 took myself and my work seriously, you understand— so, unfortunately, did Bhe. I said — showed nothing — dared nothing. She made no sign. Then the end came — she left for Borne. I had never even spoken to her. Then —well, you know what my life was. You know her achievement. I got all T worked for, but found nothing in it. J swear I never longed for anything, after she went to Rome Then— that first night at St. James's. I went to her in the interval, when I left you. Old man, for God's sake, don't laugh ! I found it-had been exactly the Mwna with her lifo. We neither of us had ever laughed freely, sighed deeply^— you follow me P— ' since the old Bohemian days. So we ran away— yes, we ran away from our positions, so we hungered for the thing, cur one chance of gaining whioh we had had, and missed in Hue de St, Helaire. And—and now, we're going back again. Don't tell anyone you've seen us. -5ix moths, ioy death's head business— ghosts at a feast. And now we've given it up. Sis months — Oh ! Lord. Wo had our ohbnce, and — we missed it, you see* Don't say you saw us !' Kerr aid ao more, and a few minutes afterwards we walked into the hotel to gether. Erio Vanburgh had wandered oo to the balcony and ordered coffee, within a yard of as. — A. J. ZUwbojt. 