IN A FLORIDA 'SINK.' (By E. S. TiUYMOitw.) My parents moved from their old homo in Ohio to the eastern part of Florida when I' was 12 years of aye. The following' year, on my 13th birthday, a little 'cracker' pony named Hob was given me by my .father for my own special use. ' To be yours, my .son,' .said my father, ' jnst so long as yon treat him kindly. IT you neglect him or misuse him I shall take him from you. Now lead him to' the barn ana g'efc him into good swipe as quickly as possible. Poor fellow ! lie has had an extremely hard life among1 those uattlo men, and I boug'ht him to-day out of sheer pity.' Many people would lvavo thought Mob, forlorn and unkempt as he then appeared, M. rather dillioult subject to got into g'ood shape, but 1' saw grea,t possibilities in him, and the tangle of sand-spurs, burr-grass, and pitch-pine 00/.0 with which his mane and tail were decorated did mt dishearten me. Bab was always obedient except in one way. Sober n,s he seemed, he dearly loved a frolic, and if ho could contrive to slip the halter or bridle from his head, oil' he Avould go, loading1 1110 a pretty chase for hours. Many ti. time, al'tor a long1 afternoon's work hoeing in a neighbouring1 orange grove, have I walked home with Hob lend ing1 the way, just so far ahead that I', could catch nothing but his heels — which I knew better than to touch — I carrying1 the bridle, while Hob gaily brought the saddle upon his back. Father used to laugh heartily when he saw us thus coming along homo together, and declared that Bob believed in a, division of labour. ' You carry the bridle and he will carry the saddle,' ho would say. ' No, no, boy. Don't beat him for thai; trick ! It would do no good, and would end in making him afraid of you. Ho pationfc. Tie your line tighter next time, and it won't happen vor.y oftou, any way. Bob's a el over little fellow, and ho loves his joke .; that's all.' ' So Bob and I were the best of friends till my .1 5th year, when my father decided to abandon the little clearing ho had made and accept the situation of manager on a largo tobacco plantation in West Florida. Our journey overland was made in a waggon very similar to a ' prairio-sehoouor,' which was drawn by two stout mules, while Bob and I followed in tho roar. On the way we shot wild turkeys, rabbits, an occasional door j partridges and quail were as plentiful as aro the sparrows in Boston Common. Wo travelled slowly, and greatly enjoyed our free out-ol'-door life. The load was light, for the only occupants of our waggon wore my father and mother and baby sister, and we ciu'viod but a small stock of housohouid goods. After throe weeks of this ploasnnt journeying we were near our destination. Already the sandy soil had changed to limestone ridges in many places, and travelling was much easier, for the trails were Jinn or and better defined. One beautiful morning I. was riding slowly along beside the waggon, when, chancing to glance down a grass-grown path that led into the forest, I spied a largo wild turkey far aAvay. ' Lot me have a shot, father ! ' I exclaimed. ' Don't wait, please. Drive on, and I'll boou overtake you.' This had been my custom all along; so with only the niiich-needed warning to look oul^ for ' sinks ' — for wo were now' in the region whore these strange cavities in tho earth wore found in all directions — they drove on, and I turned Bob carefully into the woods, pursuing the handsome, shy bird that still stood motionless. Then tho turkey caught sight of me, and How farther back into the depths ol' the forest. Incautiously I. followed, forgetting my father's warning. After some time, the length of which was not noted by mommy groat eagerness for my prize, I succeeded in getting within easy shooting .range. To my clmgrin .1. missed the bird, which disappeared before 1 could reload my rifle in a thick scrub, into which. 1. dared not vonturo. VV ildcatsand boars not infrequently hide in the dark clumps of saw palmetto. I then turned Bob, moaning to get back to the main trail, but to my dismay 1 could not tell which wa.y to go, nor from which point of the compass we had come. I gave Hob therein, but after a. few starts he groAV boAviidorod- and stopped short, seeming to share in my confusion. Quickly shouting a number of loud, shrill cattle cries, I. listened intently for a reply ; but the breeze Avas strong, and undoubtedly carried my voice in the Avrong direction. In the absorbing interest of tho turkey hunt I had probably Avandorod a full mile from the place Avhere avo had iirst entered upon tho chaso. hi a Florida pine forest, Avhere one tree is precisely like thousands of others, to find one's Avay is ahvays difllcuit. I knew very avoII that I Avas in a dangerous position. Just then I noticed an opening between the trees at some distance. With a. faint hope of Hnding the trail I put spurs gently to Bob. All at once Bob plunged heavily. A a I tried to pull him to his foot the ground gave Avay beneath us, and Avith a sickening sense of helplossuess avo sank doAvn, doAvn, down, I kneAv not Avhere. I was half- suffocated by the sand and rubbish that came pouring upon us in showers. Clinging to Bob Avith all my strength, I buried my face desperately in his heavy inane. Together avo plunged with a heavy splash into a roaring torrent of icy Avator. Instantly the fierce current sAvept us omvard in tho bed of a black and unkuoAvn subterranean river j and I know that wo had fallen through a soft place in the earth into one of those death-traps, knoAvn in limestone regions as ' sinks.' My breath Avas almost gone, but my strength gained Avith desiiair. Bob struggled furiously at first, but his efforts Avere useless against the mighty force of the torrent. At last, too much exhausted for further effort, avo floated along Avith the stream in the black darkness. A heavy bloAv against a hanging rock warned me not to raise my head, for the tunnel through Avhich Ave were going Avas evidently Ioav. I expected death at any moment, either from a crushed skull or from droAvning, for poor Bob Avas becoming exhausted under my weight, and chilled as well. I kneAv the plucky little felloAv must soon succumb. Suddenly I felt Bob's back firm benea tli me, as if he had touched bottom Avith his feet. He certainly Avas walking, and the water seemed to lessen in dep»h. A feAv more steps and ho stood shaking and gasping, out of the Avater, Avhile I heard the roar of the stream avc had just left, a little distance aAvay at my right hand. I conjectured that there Avere two tunnels which joined here, and that the one into which Bob had fortunately turned Avas the bed of a tributary stream, full during the summer or rainy season, but iioav, in April, almost dry. A faint glimmer of light at a distance gave me iioav hope, and Ave started toAvards this slight gleam of day. Bob hesitated and snorted loudly as Ave crept sloAvly along, dreading some iioav pit fall. But the light greAv stronger and Ave avo re soon able to make out our path. At last avo came to a sharp bond in the Avater Avorn tunnel. Once around the bend, a flood of the brig-litest, of the Avarmest, of the most Avelcome rays of God's sun poured doAvn upon our Avet and shivering bodies ! IToav my courage came back under its reviving influence ! I looked about joyfully, but discovered that Ave Avere still in a prison. Tho sunlight had not given us our freedom. All its brilliancy came doAvn upon us through a Avide opening in the rock above. We Avere in a space some 20ft square. Along one side ran a ledge of solid lime stone, Avhich formed a path some throe feet Avide, Avhile the remainder of the floor .seemed like a bed of damp sand. Bob and I Avero standing upon this ledge, and as I could see that it extended forward for quite a distance, I decided to leave him Avhile I Avalked on to make discoveries. Some four or live hundred feet farther on I came to an interesting tunnel, doAvn Avhose dark depths 1 again saAV another faint glimmer of sunshine. We wore not very deep in the boAvels of the earth, for our fall probably had not been more than 20ft. I fancied Ave might find a better Avay out in this direction. I Avhistled to my pony to come to me. He did not notice my call. I Avhistled again and again ; and then, fearing some iioav trouble, hastened back to the place Avhere I had left him. As I approached, a strange Avhiimyiug sound alarmed me, and I ran Avith all speed, blaming- my thoughtlessness in leaving- him alone, for I Avell Iciioav his habit of moA'ing about Avhen left untied. Where Avas ho ? Not Avhere I had left him. Poor Bob ! His uneasiness had led him to Avandor about the sandy section of the river bed, and I came back only to find him struggling in tho fatal grasp of a quicksand. He had already sunk as dee}) as his. body, but Avas desperately trying to climb out, cat fashion, upon the linn edges of the lime stone path. As hu Avas close to the side, and within reach, Avith all my strength I pulled and urged until I saAV that my efforts Avero only making matters Averse. Oh, for a rail to put beneath him ! But I might as Avell have prayed for a derrick, for both Avero beyond possible reach. I groAV desperate and ran Avildly up and down, screaming for help. Then I knelt at Bob's head and began hysterically to pet my pony, as he sank loAver and loAvor. Poor little Bob! My faithful pony! His soft eyes pleaded for help, for his strength Avas going- fast and his struggles Avero ceasing. 1 l.o stretched out his head toAvards me, Avhinnying in a strange moaning Avay, and licked my hand gently Avith his tongue as I stroked his soi't nose and delicate ears. His neck and hoad alone iioav remained in sight, for tho sand had silently and steadily closed over his body. Again I rose to my feet and shouted for help. As my frantic voice echoed and re echoed through the dreadful silence, I fancied I hoard au ansAvering cry. I listened, straining my ears, but I hoard nothing except the notes of a, cardinal bird singing outside in the free Avorld to its mate in tho shady Avoods. Bob must die. There Avas no hope j but could I see him suffocate so sloAvly and cruelly boi'oro my very eyes ? Would not his death be easier if a bullet could be sent quickly through his brain, and so save him the last agonising struggles. Already his neck avus submerged, and only I is poor head lay stretched upon the surface, Avhile his loving, despairing eyes Avere turned toAvards my oavii. Could I F Yes j it must be done, My ritle had fallen oil' long ago, but my pistol Avas still fast in my belt, The cartridges Avore Avatorproof, and I found the Avoapon in good order. Fiercely lighting aAvay the tears which, T am not ashameel to say, were pouring doAvn my cheeks, I threAv all my strength of Avill into my trembling hands to steady them, and the merciful deed avus done. I arose to my feet dizzy and trembling-. As I stood looking doAvn at the cruel death-trap a strange thing- happened. There Avas a slight movement over the surface of the sand, and I hastily retreated some 20ft. Then silently as a breath the place where my Bob had met his fate dis appeared from sight ! I gazed in Avonder, terror, and doubt, but it Avas true. Before 1110 Avas now a yaAvning pit. Irresistibly attracted, I crept cautiously to the edge and looked doAvn into the black depths. As the sunshine gradually made objects visible, I saAV, some 30ft. beloAV me, the steel glitter of another rushing-, subterra nean river. Another ' sink ' had occurred, hastened, undoubtedly, by our struggles. Shuddering, and iioav completely un nerved, I dreAv back and ran Avildly aAvay. Oh, to gain the outer Avorld ! Should I eAror find my Avuy to it ? I turned doAvn the tunnel leading to the second glimmer of light, running heedlessly along. The distance seemed endless, but my brain Avas on fire. Hoav long I ran I do not knoAv, but the g'loom lessened rapidly as I approached the brighter goal, and Avith a loud cry of joy I sprang at last out into the open forest. Then I folt sure that I heard human voices. I paused for an instant to be quite certain, then called loudly for help. There Avas an answering shout. I started to run toAvards the sound, but my strength gave out, and I fell to the ground just as I saw our own Avhite-topped ' prairie-schooner ' come tearing through the pines to my rescue. For a moment I laughed loudly in my excitement, then became unconscious. I remember reviving sufficiently to see my mother's face bending over me, haggard Avith anxiety, and I cried out: 'U mother, mother ! Bob ! Bob is dead ! He is dead— and I shot him \' Then I knew nothing more. They told mo after my recovery from the five weeks of fever into Avhich the shock had thrown mo — for I was never a robust lad — that I had been missing about three hours. My father, as soon as he missed me, asked the help of a party of cattlemen Avho fortunately passed. They know the country Avell, and in their search soon found the place Avhere we had plunged through into the sink — pnn'ocl beyond doubt by the presence of my rifle lying close by the brink. Although the cattlemen regarded me as lost forever, they advised hastening to an opening in the ground about a mile away, which they knew might be safely entered. They hoped that it might connect Avith the stream into Avhich Ave had fallen. So the party divided, and under the guidance of two of the rangers, my father and mother proceeded across the country to this opening. There they found me, as I have told, a mere ghost of myself, wet and torn, battered and dishevelled. I am now twenty-five years of age, and have oAvned several horses since tho death of Bob, but none can revive the affection that my boyish heart cherished ten years ago for my faithful littlo cracker pony. 