SHORT STOEY THE MISKB'S hoard. ' fo mj^ yan dd Simon Grates had y telltjaw old house in on# of tMBatttoJlnMwbioh an tobe1 found in jfcfeMOUgh whiiai tho hand of nwdatnfaitroTssutsjl was atfll loft untonohed. A. grimy, dilapidated building, tbe glaM and t»up^ iwfaiaowe of whleh wee nearly all wittajiJ, Mi the door was utterly devoid of paint ; tad timing a high wind the elates **wM *tW ofI tbe roof to the extremo 4a uerof tha p awere-tr. Bat for all its nnrajappearaime tbe old bousoln Urime ?liaet %u a perfeet fortress. The door wa* \- plated with inn, and bad tbo newest and most aflartive looks ; the Vow* windows wero gwrt-iJ)W- tnwra Iron ban, sod If an mtruderhad oocMrad to grin admission by the not be would hare found himaolf oon fronted b» a strong brick fr^tl, which entirely Ant off the upper portion of the bonee from the lower. Many eantkmon in tbe burglarr Use had loud Missr Greta' eribteoharoanuttoorack, and tad retired, Grates to s take tho pwnllim be did, foe tte report of bin rui anomntilstloB of wealth of all kinds was tiM; tpma thnmgfaoot tho neighbour hood, and bad not hu boose boen % perfect Mliai it would have boen broken into re paaiedly. Ii woold be hard to mj what Grates1 busi Deas waa, ort lather, what It was not, for if then was a peony to be made by any thing he was ready and willmg to beoome tbe purchaser. The old man iind entirely alone with his grand -daughter, Prudenoc , Ha troll, tho orphan ohild of bis only dasgbtarj who had tno dead for many years. Predenoe waa a tall, slender girl, with pleasing features, and manifested a strong feeling of affection for her grandfather, i tn spite of hb occasional harshneas towards I bar. j * Pine/ said tbe old man one evening, a* he eat over hlfl scanty meal of dry bread and a rather of baoon, ' 1 think I am go ing to give np business and retire into the , oountry.' | * 1 am afraid the country air would give I yon a tremendous appetite/ remarked the I old man, with a suspicious gUnee at hie : wrmnd- daughter. * And I am Tory poor, you i Blow.* ' Bat thai we otu live for a mere nothing in the country/ returned the girl, 4 ana think how nloe it would be to live oat of London.' 'People don't lire l«»r a mere nothing any* when, Prue/ retorted the old uan, ' but at any r*to we are going the day afar to morrow. A little oottage near Ux bridge came into my hande name year* ago, and w tho tenant ta just dttd I may aa well occupy it a* permit it to remain empty.' Prne'e faoe fell. * 'Hi at in rather a sudden rewire, isn't it, grandfather !' raid she. * Ah,' marled the old man, 1 you are think ing of that One sweetheart of yours, Ji« Varley. Wall, if ho want* to wv you he can comedown to Uxbridge ; the walk willstn-tch bis legs a bit.' ?Jce won't mind that a bit,' nniiwon.il Pros; ' but he needn't walk : ho can come by train.' 1 Ah, young people are fonder of imondiDg money than of earning it.' remarked Simon Orates ; ' bat, mind yon, there it b pood deal of valuable property in this house, and I want to tell yon whore to fiod it. I feel very queer to 'night, and if anything happens to me, do you go to Sharpies, too lawyer in Lhioo'n's Inn Fields, and be «i!l tell you everything, for von havo been a good girl to me, and will have the little I loavc be hind me.' 'Don't talk like that, grandfather ; you make mo feel qui to frightened,' remarkod Frudenoe. 'Take this paper,' said the old roan, handing her a torn piece with somo writ ing upon it, ' join the bit Lawyer Sharpies will give yon to it, and it will explain every thing.' 'Hush,' exclaimed Frndence, suddenly, 'there is that sonnd again which I heard before.' Both listened intently, and limn a sudden crash of falling brickwork in the uppur part of the house made them both start to tlicir feet. Tbe old man made for a drawer in which be always kept a loaded revolvor, but before be could reach it the door was burnt open, and a man, rushing into the room, struck Miser Orates a blow on the head with » litv preeerver which laid him dead upim the With a wild shriek Prudence prafpod the murderer's arm, and as her even fell on his faoe she saw that he wore a blick mask. With a fieroe oath ho disengaged himself and again the deadly weapon rono and fell, stretching Prudcucc acrons her graudfnt'j' r's body. ' I uidn't want to bnrt tho girl,' muttered tbe man, ' but there was no help fcr it. Now, 1st me see what there U to be found iu tlie way of a swag.' The search was not a suooeasful one, for beyond about twenty shillings woith of silver aim a few ooppera nothing of value was di» oorered, and with a savage oath he began to ransack the adjoining room. The seme result evidently attended thin search, fcr in about half an honr he returned Main with a dark frown on his bruw. 'I think I have settled the pair of them for nothing, * growled he. ' What's tliin bit of paper in the girl's hand!' he added, aa he stooped and took it up ; 'a precious lot of gibberish it aeema, but I will look al it when I get away. Curse tbe fellow for bragging about tbe valuable* in the house. I have been thoroughly sold, and bad better get away be fore harm oomee to me.' . Be made bis way upstairs, and crocping through a hole he had pierced in the brioa walL which ran across the upper portion of the bouse, gained tbe roof and disappeared fat the darkness. It waa daylight before Prudonce recovered ? iter awJBCs, and then. In qsi|o of tho cri^l pain she felt, she oontrivea to crawl io tbo irott door and give tbe alann. , Wben tbe neighbours came in it was found ft«- the old man waa quite dead, and Fru deoee was ao injured that it was necessary to IWtonilNr to tMDoarest hospital. She had, boweTer, the preaenoe of mtnd to ask tbe paUoil to onmaimlcate with the lawyer whose ' same ber jrranidtethsr had mantioned, and be ' :to^!0W'&at; tbe bocss (bould be plaoed in trustworthy caretaker. -weeta Frodonce waa no- ! able tewoftfamthehoqrital, and when she dli: w. 'be(:;4iit «Ut was to Sharpies the \- lawyer, 4$i)*aaid: 'Hiere is oertainly a will bnar l^Mti tntalMte tbe property has «t to I toew. Here is about three fauadred pound* in the bank, so yoo will be beyond the rwanh trf want for the time, but llrsfinMeogfai to laTe been worth atleaat tnttifeoaaand ootinda* - ^oT^WnMsiy IntiViewv with his ahfl ttiny oftna' talked together tbe mysterious robber who had so nearly tak-n f am Uvea on tbe night of the bur gUifani entrance into tbe nouse in Grime ' iHltMt'* JBaatninatioa of 4b£ premises bad shown \- iSMtlicamrt baw got into an empty house )»??[ If ii 1 1 doors tiff He had ascauded to ^lbe%ti«v au-l rot iulo ibc«aiaer'sdoeucile iiufwA tta dUipldated roof. Finding an -obate-^ to ^be Idwrorfc built amm the ffiliB^ataMyla« i«d deliberately gone to work . liSwe lU tJ irbep the .twit was con \- -jv£^Jiiad-;beeo rttoSSSwiUi^^'^tai * 7°® ®®o» jProe, a lot of fellow* at our ehop' (Toe was a foreman in a large panting ef^aHi&moit;) * got to dmffingme, end teUfn^me that Iwu going to many the gtand-d aoghter ' a mtfiionaire, and one' day at the rob, where I go to get my mack in tbe middle of the day, a eeedy-looking chap flame op. and, after himeeU preciona agreeaole, aaked me a heap of ques tions about you a&ayoor; grandfather and the house and tnnh like, andT I, like a fool as I was, let out all I knew, and a great deal - more, perhaps, for he had given me a glass or two, and that eet my tongue wagging.' ' Oh, Joe,* exclaimed the girl, ' perhaps ij waa the bm^ar after all; they aay tha* they go about trying to find ont what housoe are worth robbing. Anyhow he did not gel tnuoh, though he robbea me of that procioos scrap of pftper grandfather had just given mo ; ana the piece Mr. Sharpies has is no ose without the ono I lost. 1 cannot make head or tail of ft. Here is tho copy of it; let us eee if yon are olever enough to solve tbe riddle.' ! She extracted fretn her pocket a pleoe of | paper apon which woe written these words : Hid of being robbod, and valuables in s aafe plaoe, ?myeelf, in my cottage at Ux oellar and measure twelve i corner, then dip thrco \ email box made of i the Ley, by my viU it is 1 WeL, this is a precious hard nut to i crack,* remarked Joe, after bo had nad the document over two or threoe tunes. 'Tbo one thing certain if that there is something in a oellar, but where I can't say.* ' Why, at Uxbridge, of oonr-*o ; what am I thinklntr off* exclaimed Prudence, sud denly- 'Wo have never socn the oottago that poor irrandfather snoko of. 1 shall go down acd look for myaolt.* * I more an amendment,' remarked sliding hi? arm round her waist, 4Btjpjv*o we got niflrrioj fif-t, and then we can down theri* and never ooxno back any mom,' 1 What do you mean, JoeT returned the girl, a bripht blu^h suffusing her rliixk, 4JoHtthis, Prue. Tou s-mj, if you nr-\or got any more money you arc quite b little neiretr**. I have savnd a bit too, and t h:. very icoru'ng I got au offer as fan-man in » i large printing eetabliHhment in th*t vt rj identicrtl Uzbridge, and so, if you will apr*v. J the oottaffo will oomc in very hajidv, and j after work we oan have a hunt after grand dad's tr&asurc-;' Aftor some slight demur Prue yinll'^l Mr. Sharpies hanaod ovnr tbo keys of 0-' oottap-o, and one afternoon, aftr a visit t«- tho parish «liurch, the younjr rouplo startod away for U abridge, from which point th-y intended to ocanmence their matrimonial cmi'o. The cotta^o was a very pretty ono, very deneutly furninhcd, with a nioo i^rdrn at tbo back, and various outbnildiup-, which thrr had not expected. All at onoo Prue gave a little jtercsm Miid duof ti ghtlr to lw*r buab-uidV arnj. ' Tn- ri is a horrid man following us. 1 ntn fiirr )M is d-»tfgiug our footst#»p«. I saw hin» 'uNidr the ( ljiircL, then at the elation, and hm- !k is Rirain.' J - -?? turned quirkly round, and an an^ry flu»-h rose to his face. ' Wvll, I'm Imngi*!,' ei^biirucd he, 1 if it i s not the rhnp tiaat poinjted me eo dry about grand -dail's nifdir. Hcrx'. mister, 1 tthuiild like to have u worJ with fou.' The man, bowover, did not appear donnm* of arcepting tho inritatioii, but push^l !»i« way through a gap in the h^ltf' mul np-'i iu res;- the fields at apace which detifl pur suit. ' I'll j'lit p-'i M the police station ruid thorn a bint ulxjut that getitluinaL.,' ii: utt* red .Kh', ? for hi.' conduct strikes mu asju.-t a little stiFpiciouA,1 For a week, however, the young married counlo wore dutturlxyi bv m- unwoi'^me in tnidora, but tLou^ti the nttlrs, and ind«-ol every room in the hou^.had U-en tlxoruu^hly examined, no sign of Simon Orates' hidden treasure had been discovered, Joe had now settled steadily down to his work. One day, as Joe returned to hi* home, he found his wife standing pale and trembling in the porch. ' Whet ail)» you. my jrirlr' suid li»». ir^intf up to her aud putting hi* (arm ui--und in:-r ; ' you look white and tjcared.' 'Oh, Joe,' she murmured, betwoon her hobe * he is down there.' 'Down where r* tisked her husband, in much surprise, ' and who is be that i« down there P* 'Grandfather,* answered she ^ ' I went down to get somo wood, aud there he was standing in the right baud corner. 1 flow upstairs again and did not dare remain in the house, so X waited until you came hom^.' 1 Why, you must have boen frighten'*! at a shadow, my dear/ returned Joe, endeavoring to reassure her, though in his heart ho felt extremely uncomfortable. 1 1 wi11 go and see what it is.' He went down the little flight of f-tnirs, but returned again in another minute, with his face perfectly livid. 4 Tou were right, my girl,' faltered he; 1 and as I don't like sueh visitors I think we had best clear ont.' 4 Where is it now r1 asked Prut-, with a shudder. 1 Id the cellar, and likely to remain there,' returned her husband; 'fori ehut the door after me and drew the bolt.1 As If to contradict his assertion the shadowy figure of Simon Orates stood before them, lookuig exactly as he did io life, aud well. There was something mystic and in tangible about him. He croasod the room to the fireplace, stooped, and appeared to tourh the heavy poker, then, moving to the window raised his hand in a pasture of warning, and, j melting away, vanished before their very I eyes. | 'Well, I am glad it's gone,' said Joe, ! wiping his perspiration from his forehead. ' But, Prue, my girl, what aile you V Prue indeed was nearly fainting, and it was Home time before the attentious of her beloved husband could bring ber round. Huh* band and wife both agreed that the upp^ir ance of Simon Grates' spirit meant some thing, bnt what that something was thcy wore unable to determine. Ax for searching the oellar to see if the ghost bad left auy indi cation of tho reason of his visit neither Joe Prue felt the slightest indication to venture down to those regions, and it was only aft^r a hearty snpper had in somo way dimiui^hod their supernatural fears that thfy ventured to creep upstairs to bed* Joe, however, oonld not sleep, and long after Prue had sunk to dumber he lay tossing about, expecting that something would hap pen, though he would have bean very umch puzzled to prove' what that something was. All at onoe a slight grating noise fell up-n bis ear, which appeared to come from the room below. When he had no supernatural toe s to deal with Joe was as brave as a lion. * That is a glazin' diamond,' muttered be, as he rose stealthily from his bed and pulled on a pair of trousers; 'some cove i* cutting a pane of glass out uf the parlor window. How sweet are the pleasures of the cuuntry —no troubles or worries, nothing but bur glars and ghosts, and. of course, they are not worth mentioning.' With that thought running through hfr brain he cautiously descended tbe stairs, and, entering the parlor, aaw a figure in tbe act of getting through the window, tbe latch of which bid boen drawn baek br means of the removal of a pane of glass. Uastiug one glance at the intruder to make sure that it was not Grandfather Grates come to pay a second visit, Joe made a bound for the poker, and brcngfat it down with a heavy thwack spoo the burglar's sbouldors, «nd then, as t&e; man, with aa exclamation of pain, dropped on the floor, bo delivered an other blow opoo tbo bead whjob laid bin manner* with a piece of rope wliioh he bad' fctchod from th»» frtfrhon. The mau wa^ h m I' d ovor to the polio1 and proved to bo a well-krmwn burglar, for whose apprehension a reward of £50 had been offered, which, much to Joe's delight, was mid over to him. As he returned from giving his evidence he found his wife dancing about tbe ldtchen, waving a scrap of paper w her hand. , ?Bee here, Joo,* cried Bbn, 4 that bad man must have dropped this. He was the robber that rnnrdored poor grandfather, and, doubt less, he followed us here, thinking that wc had found the treasure which be failed in disoovering. Read this.' Without in tbo least understanding ber Joo took the paper, and, with a very puttied ex - pression of face, rcadjthe following disjointed aontenoes: I havo always been af bo have hidden all my which if known only to i bridge. Q-o down to the j pacr* from right hand | feet, nnd yon will find ron . My lawyer has ! all for Prudence. * Why, tho chap must have escaped from a lunatic asylum to carry puch rubbish nlxiut with him/ exrfaimod Joe, impatiently. ' What does it all mean V ?You silly cried his wife, 'have you forgotten the other scrap of paper \ Hen*, join tho two together, and eeo what you make of it then,' lie did so. and his face brightened up as ho read as follows : I have alway? boen af-raid of boing robltod and so have bidden all my-valuibh^ in a *afe placo, which is known only to - my*»!t# »n my cnttnge at Uxbridge. (?udi'wntn th^ - cellar and measure twelve {.u- os from right hand - oorncr, theu dig thr.- - f»-- t, und you will find ? a small n. t of i-.«n. My lawyer Las - the key, by my uili it ii all for Prndenp'. * Whet-11 aro you p 'nc r* fc,n«l Prac, r«. : after reading thr ptip«;r. Jo' m i le a bjund for tho g.uden 1 To gw u spado,' ivtun.- -1 « Wlu-th-r rrandfather is there or i,..!, I am jroicg tt» l.iivo a look for U-:it th-«r ? :r.j:i l»ox * The nroptaeio was f nn ? in tl.c up ,t de signated, but tlu-nj wa- :i'j '??k-ioti H apply Litwyor Sharpies, f -r t-».- k* y wa.« in tb'1 ^'x.ind uot only waj» tln-ro a c«*ily sU^k of -.* Id and hank-noN-. within, but smeral ii-urfiifiocnt diamond an 1 - ;n'raM ornament* n-hirh, dnubtless, -}n at hom-- timoor other, picked up r li.irgain. The little seraji of p ip-T, th«nitrh it di.l not pr KiufH' a eapitaf rf.nvi. fi, -nt s^-nt th-k burglar to j*-nal s^rvitudi' f«»r b.fr, ki that tin- vnng «i uple were not likoly to b«^ trouble 'by hi' vj-its aguin. A* f.»r tbo spirit nf MinT \- i rate*, it di-1 n'»l puf in 8 wi-p^irati^ p^-rliaps from uot U-ing ublo to f.oa it- wnv tn the fine largo bou^e to wbi'b and Pme removed fburtlv after thoy bad lu^ky enough tooi^cover Oic Mi^-r's li iard. 