?.'''??'©(ps^aBS;' Me Sifcory^ of a Singer. '': ' ' J ' BIT EDNA LYALL. ;. CHAPTER Xyi. (Continued.) ; The venerable-looking chairman, also -» looal light, was not without some comlo . aspects which tickled Doreen's sense of fun. He was an ardent politi cian, but a lame speaker, and he resorted 'to the simple expedient of introducing the beloved name o£ the great Liberal chief into hio opeech whenever ho was nit n ? lflBQ. mnlcint» n. f-.iirn5finn.nfc nailBG. whiob, of course was filled with loud cheoraY ? After this, one of Doreen'o songa catne very refreshingly to the assembly, and with a comfortable eonoe of having stimulated her hearers and kindled their enthusiasm, ohe eat down ngain, eager to hear What sort of speaker Mr. Far rant would prove. One tbing ho un doubtedly poaseoaed — the faculty of arresting the whole attention of his hearera. He was an orator ; he could not oven be oallod an eloquent speaker, WUH umwau » - i*u &? ?wvtwuguuwuj u uuuu 'tin ?which eeeniod to go straight to the con ??? eciencea of tho voters. Doreen almost trembled at tho thought of Max com ing after snob, a speaker. How was ahe to maintain the lofty tone to whioh bo bad raised tho minds of those pro Bent ? Sardoni'B eong, which had grown so popular, did not wholly please her, somehow. It would be more iu keeping after Max Hereford's stirring, onthusi astio speech. She turned over the leaves of a book of Irish songs which she had ? brought with her, and seleotod, iostoad, : .'. a simplo, stately, national air, one of ; ? those calls to battle, thoao stirring appeals to help in the national defence, whioh, liko ' Tho March of tho Men of Horleoh,' appeal to all nations for a time. Max could see her profile as she sang, and,ih-. ? nought ho had never be fore seen nej/'ibok bo lovely. With one of thoao sudden flashes of perception by which truth gonorally izsakea itself known, he all at once realised to what an extent Doroon hao influenced* his life. 'If I win the eleotion,' he thought to himself, * if I am ever worth anything et all, it will be her doing'.' And when presently he. was received by tho audience with deafening cheers, with an enthusiastic devotion which Beemed to augur well for the morrow, this thought still remained with him, adding very much to the grace of man ner which characterised all the more personal parts of his speeob. Then, throwing 'off oil diffidence, he flung himself, with fiery ardour, into the great ' questions of the day. As a speaker, he was the exaot opposite of Donovan Warrant. Where the one was , balm, logical, full of weighty argument, ^ v the other was full of burning eloquence, v of scathing denunciation, of glowing ftnthubiasm, whioh roused his hearers to the same pitch of strong feeling. Dor een, at the close, turned with a smile to Mrs, Farrant. ' They ought always to epeak together,' she said1 » Then every variety of hearera would be influenced Bad ?won.' Tho polling day passed off quietly .enough, as polling daj e should. Every where the Liberal candidate was well sa'ceived.1 . Muoh laughter greeted the cart be longing to a local dyer, who was zeal onely conducting tardy voters to the poll ; and who, by the way of a novel .effect, had sacrificed e,n unlucky little Pomeranian dog, dyeing it half blue .-and half red, to the delight of all tho Firdale ohildren. An encounter be tween ill- usod quadruped and Mr. Far want's 'fox terrior, which had been dec orated with a huge green and white tow by J)o?oent was attempted by. nome inisohievioas person, but Waif magnani mously refueod to quarrel with his blue and red rival, and only walkod round and round him with a puzzled air,' snif fing a little contemptuously, as much as to say, « Lord, what fools these mortals be I' , All at onco lond cheers rose from the crowd, and Doreen'a heart . began to -,' throb with eager pride as ehe saw that the greeting ^as in honor of 'Max, vrho was just t&Gssing; tho broad open epace between the Town Hall and biB Committee Rooms. He raised his Jiat, \- Und walked through the eager crowd with an air of good cheer and hopeful ness, which inspirited Mb supporters not a little. Suddenly the oheering was interrupted by a series o£ groans and hisses ; without glancing in the dirootion whence they came, Max en |tered the house and soon joined them. 'News telegraphed of ten more great Liberal victories,' said Max, cheerfully. ' That ought to help us to-day ,— the flowing tide ia with us I' 'Do look here one moment,' exclaimed Doreea. 'There is a man just below who tried hard to gat up a demonstra tion against you, and I cannot think how 1 know hia face oo well.' « Doubtless it's old Friday that you ence asked me about at a meeting,' said Max, laughing as he recalled some past scene. ' Jliss O'ltyan,' he explained to Mrs. Farrant, ' was singing at a meeting ten days ago, and at the end of her song quite upset me by saying, ? Who is that oli gentleman with marked fea tures at the end of the room ?' It was no less a hero than the notorious Firdale drunkard, an old soamp who goes by tho name of Friday, and who takes refugo in tho workhouse all tho winter and drinks all tho summer.' ' Of course Friday would be your opponent,' eaid Doreon, smiling; 'but this man was a great deal younger, and I know his face perfectly well. There, look ; he in juet talking now to that tall man who spoke at tho Monday night mooting. He must be abusing you ; how angry they are getting! See! see ! there is some one throwing a flour bag at him. I daresay he deserved it.' ' Stupid fellows [ said Max. ' I wish they wouldn't defend me in such a fashion. I couldn't seo the fellow's face, and now he looks like Lot's wife, and it's impossible to recognise him.' The unfortunate victim of the flour bag disappeared into a barber's shop a little lowor down the street, and Max and Doreeu, who had much olseto think of, speedily forgot the incident. Had Max been present, however, when, after muoh washing and rubbing and brush ing, the flour was at length got rid of and tho victim of the outrage restored to his usual appearance, he would havo deemed the affair worth a littlo more reflection. Old Killigrew, the barber, had just been about to etact) for the polling booth, when his floury customer had arrived. He bustled about his shop in an important way, keenly enjoying the chance of learning all that had passed from the victim himself. ' Such things will happen on eleotion daye,1 he remarked ^soothingly, ' and Lor' bless me, 'twould he tame enough if they didn't. Things 'av been mighty quiet here all day, — just a pane or two of glass broke by some of Mr. Steele's supporters, they' tell me, down at the coffee tavern ; but then, what can you expeot?. 'tis but, natural they should 'ate the coffee tavern, which is just the apple of Mr. 'Ereford'a eye, and if 'e goes about speaking against the liquor traffic, why, stands to reason there'll be some of 'em will get a bit riled. For Mr. 'Ereford 'e doan't mince matters. 'E's young, ycr see, and ' 'its hard. Now myself, I'm all for moderate drinkin', but these temperance folk they say as 'ow rarf an' 'arf measures have never cured one drunkard, 'andmaybo they're right; yet for all that, I do like your moderate men ; they smooths folk down and are a deal more comfortable than those Radicals. Not but what I'm a going to vote for Mr. 'Ereford to-day. 'E'e the best man of the two, an' I'vo a deal of respect for 'im, an' there's truth in what 'e says about Ireland/ ' Don't you be led by him,' said the victim of the outrage, emerging from beneath the towel wherewith Killigrew was rubbing his hair. 'I know a deal more about Mr. Hereford than you do, and I advise you not to vote for him,' ? Why, Heaven preserve us !' cried Killigrow, catching sight, in tho mirror, of the face . of his customer now restored to its proper hue, ' 'tis Mon sieur -Baptist© J To be. sure, if any one should know Mr. 'Ereford, why 'tis ! yourself, that was 'is valet for years and years ; not but what I've 'eard folk say that a man's never an 'ero to his valet.' ? Mr. ^Hereford is oertainly no hero to me,' said Baptiste, whose English had greatly improved since his tour years absence from Monkton 'Vetfnoy. As he epoke, there entered three more customers, burly, weather-beaten la bourers, come to be shaved before going to the polling etationT The eldeBt of the three, a man with great brown, cow like eyes stared hard at tho Frenchman. 'And what may you know about 'Ereford, eh, man? We were just a goin' to vote for nn,' ? You gowk,' said his neighbor, ' don't you nee it's him that was servant up at Monkton Verney a while ago ?' ' Yes, my friends,' said Baptiste, ? I was in Mr. Hereford's service many year 3, and was turned off by him at a moment's notice in a fit of anger. That's the sort of man your Liberal candidate is, — a man with no gratitude, a man who will use you and then throw you aside like an old glove, a man that haB no more control over his tongue and temper than a child, yet who will talk fair about temperance and reform and philanthropy. Curse him ! He's a hypocrite 1 A whited sepuloara 1' ' Softly, eoftly, my good friend/ said the barber, swathing the burly form of the old laborer in a white sheet. *'Tia but nateral you should reaont being turner! off at a moment's notice ; but still be moderate, .be moderate. I do like your moderate man whofcnowa 'ow to smooth matters over ;.' and with .an expressive flourish ho emphasized his words by delicately latharing tho face of his new customer. ' Why did he give yer the sack ?' said the youngest of tho now arrivals, who for the first time in hi& life was to enjoy tho privilege of voting. ? i will toll you,' said tho Frenchman, dramatically. For years, as Mr. Killi grew well knows, I served him faith fully, nursed him vjhen he was sick, performed o thousand duties not really part of my work, and then,' having dis covered that I knew oS a damaging secret in hie past life, ancP fearing that I might reveal the secret ho turned me out.' « I never 'eoard nought against 'Ere foid,' eaid tho man with? the cow-like eyes, as he was released from the white Bheet. « That may be,' saSci Baptiste, darkly 'Ho knows well enoug-li how to hold his tongue. But mark my words, if you knew about him all that I know, you'd ao soon go to the poll and vote for the devil himself.' 1 And 'ow did you Snd this out, said Killigrew, his good-humored, mild face puckered and -vyainKed with anxiety. ' I found it out a little when I was in Ireland years ago at Castle Karey, and later on gained fresh light on the matter at Monkton Veraey, The instant my master suopeoted that I was on the scent he dismissed me ;? but I was even with him : took service with a family in Dublin and worked away at my clue. The time will come when I shall be able to expoae him-^ But don't you men of Firdale be such fools as to elect him to-day. 'Twould be a disgrace to the town to have its member shown up to the world for the deoeiver that he is.' ' Good Lord P said Killigrew, wiping his forehead.. ''Why, I'vt- known 'im since 'e was a baby. It must be a mie take, man ; 'e can't have been so much to blamo a3 yon thought. It was, may be, a mere sowing of 'is wild oats.' ' Pphaw !' said the valet, contemptu ously. ? Do you take me for an inno cent, my friend P Is it likely that I should make anything of a mere baga telle of that sort ? I do wrong to speak of it openly, however ; the time of rev elation is not yet ; only it vexea me to see you all hoodwinked,' and to think how you will regret having voted for him when the law ie on his track and he is imprisoned, and the world knows him as he really is.' ? Well, mates, anyhow w.e'H be safest in voting for Steele;' said the eldest of the old labourers, tossing down his two pence on the counter ; and Killigrew, with a perturbed face, saw them stroll out into the street and walk off to the polling station. ' I can't vote against Mr. 'Ereford, said Killigrew, as he slowly -swept up the floor. ' But I tell you what I shall do, Monsieur' Baptiste, I shall not vote at all. '??-?? ' Baptiste smiled an evil smile and left the shop with a sweeping bow. ' A., very wise decision,' ho said. *I felt sure that you wouldn't vote for him when you, know that he was not what he seems ts be. Aii revoir, Mr. Killi grew, ; you are a sensible man, and I am glad to think you will no longer be gulled by that hypocrite.' CHAPTER' XVIL ' Oh, not asore subtly silence strays Amontrthe-windBi botweon the voices. Mingling alifca with pensive lays, And with tho music that rejoices, Than thoa sub presontia my days. ' Moat dear pause in a mellow lay i Thou arb intesnovaB with every air, . With thea fche wildest tempests play. And snatches of theo- everywhere Make little heavens- throughout a day.' Alice Metnell.. THfe Monkton Veraey party dzove home that night in excellent spirits. , Tho result of the election would not bo do clared till the next day at noon, but tho general feeling wca that Max had won the seat, and the ConGervativof, who at tho previous election had had a larg& majority, looked anxious and dispirited. Max had bean hard at work all day, and was thoroughly exhaustad ; to loan back in the cornor of the carriage,, to catch faint glimpses of Doroenra face opposite him, and to lioteis to the cheery talk o£ his companions, seotaed to him a sort of paradise of reot. Tno conversation happeued to- turn upon the ghost that hannted the Abboy,and then Mrs. Far rant told a tale of a nice, matter-of-faot, well explained ghoat, of the sort that one likes to think of at midnight, and urged that all ghost stories could bs explained after a similar faaaion. (to be continued). 