fan's o It BY J. D. It was not Albert Edward Hogan's fault that he was born on the natal day of the Prince of Wales, and he certainly had no voice in the matter of his nomenclature, which it was apparent to himself later, if not to his godfathers and godmothers in his baptism, was altogether out of proportion to his prospects and surroundings. But he staggered on under the burden, and padded along Life's highway barefooted until at seventeen years of age he awakened to the fact that ten shillings a week and the run of his dover was not sufficient for a young man who proposed one day to run a livery stable of his own, and employ labor at a high rate. Albert Edward was generally known as Tommy j n the stables, and it was under that n^me, and known by that style and title that he had successfully won his way into the good graces of pretty Alary Kelly, the "little nursegirl who attended to the requirements of the juveniles of his employer's family. Mary, however, was his own age, and at seventeen years a girl is more of an adult than is a male of the species five years her senior, and it broke Tommy up altogether to find that Mary had a considerable weakness for a big policeman whose duty was to parade the parks and keep the tired and worn wayfarers from sleeping in the sunny day time, and resting the limbs which they had to exercise at night to keep the blood from stagnating and running cold to the feebly pulsating hearts beneath their ragged clothing. Alien Edward was a though:ful lad, and, apart from speculating onthefolly of his naming, ol'ren wondered in a dreamily speculative way why he had been born, and whether under different circumstances he might nut have been more in touch with the people of the gilded world whose inhabitants were amongst the patrons of the stable. Marv \v;is largely mixed up in these specnl ifcive fancies of his half tutored mind, and he thought at considerable length how he c«»uld establish himself firmly in her affections—iion, iu fact, he could attain to the dignity of "Mr. Hogan," and pass out of the ''Tommy" j stage for good and all. Early in 1893 the Eastern colonies were startled out of the sioth engendered by a long period of depression by the news that the, West was rich in gold, mid that mentra upingthe dry and dusty track to the fields were stubbing their toes on giant nuggets — that the precious metal was being unearthed in pailsful and that men who, in the cities of Victoria and New South Wales, could not get credit for a glass of beer were washing their feet iw champagne at 25s a bottle. Tommy did not believe all this, for your average stable boy is not a chump altogether, but he took enough of it iu to satisfy him that there was something in the reports, and after long and serious communion with himself he decided to draw his few pounds from the Savings Bank and start out to try his luck. A brief interview with Mary preceded his departure, and they solemnly bargained that if he returned rich within three years she would marry him, and be would buy the stable, get in a few good horses, r and eventually blossom into a sport, whose colors might one day be' the first past the post in a Derby or Cup —perhaps a Derby and Cup, for, as Tommy explained, that was within the region of possibility, inasmuch as he meant to buy only the b.-sfc of stock and race on the dead square, Next day he was on the water, and a month afterwards trod the streets of Fremantle for the first time. And as he walked towards the railway station, thinking on his chances, ITS—f saw lying on the path before him', and right in the way of pedestrians, a sovereign. He swooped down on ft like a sparrow hawk on a chicken, and after testing it with his teeth, dropped it into his pocket, chucUii;;? ' Gold first time. I-Iogjui's Find. By that's what I'll call it—when I find it. 'N I'm goiu' to find itsomething good, afore I go back. I wisli't I could get a tip where to go first. But I must get to Coulgardie, anyhow—that's where the stuff is.' Like all Easterners Tommy regarded this centre as the Alpha, if not altogether the Omega of the gold-hunter's wanderings, and that night as he lay down to sleep in a shed, at the back of the Freemason's Hotel, Coolgardie' was the last word he muttered 4 before he slipped into dreamland, and there It was an awful spectacle. By the edge of jwhat had been a soak, but was dry and baking iu the burning sun, lay a corpse—in no way repulsive, for decay had been arrested and the remains preserved by the dry process of Nature's patenting—the mummifying of the dead in the glare of the sun and the heat of-the sand. One bony hand, over which the tightened skin was drawn hard and smooth, pointed to the nortli—the other, half-buried, lay clenched in the sand. Tommy was in no way shocked. It was an uncommon sight, an<i hewaB in a strange country, yet it did not seem strange nor out of place, nor was he at all surprised when the corpse sat up and spoke. * Wot's yer name,' he aiked ? •Albert E. Hogan,' was the reply. 4 Wot's yours I' * Oh, I ain't got any now. I'm a corpse—a deceased—a late lamented' and he laughed hollowly. ' Been dead long ?' asked Tommy. * Yes, six months or so/ * Can't you take anything for it ?' Eh!' howled the remains. ' 1 mean—well, I don't mean that-— say wot's it like beici' dead ?' queried 1 th.i living man. ' All right—w'en you get used to it. But what are you after?' ' Gold,' was the prompt answer. 1 Right. I'll show you where there's p'enrv of it. And I'll teli you how to get it.' ' Good enough,' commented Tommy. i ^ 'On one condition,' continued the remains. 4 Wot's that ?' 'You'll have to take me back to Sydney and bury me decently. And once a year you'll have to come and sit and smoke a pipe at midnight on my grave.' ' That's a pretty blanky tough contract, ain't it ?' asked Tommy. No it ain't,' answered the remains. ' Well, it stin t much,' said the prospector. ' III do it. On'y thing I see against it is if the police catch me prowling about the cemetery at that time of night, they'll run me in.' ' Tell you what,' said the remains; 4 I'll come and spend the evening with you.' * No, I'm d d if you do,' was the energetic response, as thoughts of Mary came into his mind. Don't want any bloomin' ghosts comin' 4 round.' 'Well, will you put up a headstone and keep a blanky grave in order, and plant a flower on it now and again, and cover me over here ?' 4 Yes, I'll do that much.' ' It's a wager. Shake hands.' And so the bargain was made. ' I've never been to the place where this here gold is,' said the deceased; ' but I can direct you.' 4 Look here,' said Tommy, ' I don't want no wild-goose chasin'. And I ain't goin' trampin' about the country to please any d d defunct. Savee? ' If you're goin' to show me where it is you'll have to tell me how you know.' 'Right,' said the remains, 'that's fair. Well, I'll tell you. My mate an me have bin in this country a year. We separated to look for water and I pegged out first. He found a big rich reef eighteen miles from here ' ' But how do you know ? ' naturally enquired Tommy. ' Oh, 'coj3 lie told me. He came here after he pegged out and told me. Now, I know the place is eighteen miles from here the way I'm pointin'. But before you can find it you got to find him. He made me promise I'd tell the first chap I saw, an' you're the first; so I'm tellin' you.' But where is he ?' ' I don't know. He never told me But it's between here and the gold. An' you've got to undo his swag an' youll find his blanket torn where he took pieces to blaze his track aftey he found it. If you follow the blaze you'll find the reef, th*t?s all I know,' and giving himself a shake, the remains fell to pieces—and Billy woke up in Fremantle. Two years of knocking about with varying luck, and not much of it, had driven a good deal of the romance out of his system, and he had forgotten the dream and treasured only a hazy remembrance of pretty Mary Kelly, whom he scarcely hoped to see again. He had by stages battled along to Mt. Margaret, and was prospecting in the vicinity of a reported rich find, in a streak of dry and hungry-looking country, which, as far as appearances bore testimony, had not felt a rainfall since the creation, and had never been trodden by the Coot of man. But Tommy did not mind the desolation. He had food and water in his pa€k bags, and was not far from supplies. His attention was attracted by a greenish patch at a little distance out of his course^ and riding up to it he found a very small soak, by the side of which lay a body—the defunct of his dream—in the same position as he had seen it on his first night in Fremantle. The whole situation flashed back to his memory, and Tommy stood with his head bared waiting 'for- the corpse to open the conversation. But the remains preserved a cold, sarcastic silence. One stiffened aria pointed to the north, the other hand was buried in the sand. Near by lay 1 his pick-and dish, ljut no swag ; and Tommy, half* dreading, yet hopeful th*it the dead man might speak, muttered— 4 Poor beggar! Therd must have been two of 'em.' ' Where's tin; other one ?" he asked, his eves resting on the outstretched arm of the fi ;ure at his feet. 'By,— r II take his tip. Eighteen U&iles; north f 011 here ? Well, I can ^do that lot to-morrow; and anyhow, it's worth trying I might fmd the other chap. It's d——d funny, anyway. Queerest go I ever heard of. Like a* yarn out of bootc. Only this is true and they ain't.' * ' 5 • t After burying ihe body, Tommy made down his blankets and slept without any further visitation from Spookland, and bright and early in the morning started 011 a journey of discovery which he irreverently de scribed as "a blanky wild goose chase." However, he kept on his course over as barren a piece of country as white man wants to travel, keeping a bearing due north by the compass. Noon had passed, and as he had made an early start, he calculated he had covered the distance, but had met with no sign of the second remain. 4 I'll go on for another hour,' he said to himself, and then if I don't come up with him 4 I'll give it best.' The thought had scarcely been framed in his mind when his brumby propped and nearly threw him out ef the saddle. A piece of blue blanket, weighted with a stone, had fluttered almost under his feet. Tommy jumped out of the saddle, and picking up the blaze, ran it back to where -a body was lying, and it may not be to his discredit to say that he immediately caught his pony and ran the track the other way a mile, to the foot of a low ridge, and there he saw evident traces of hasty pottering work on a big outcrop. Five minutes with the butt of his pick on the cap of the reef satisfied him, and Tommy's overwrought feelings found vent in a yell which might have been heard a mile away, had there been anyone to hear it. So Hogan's Find ' was discovered. How £ it was sold, and what he got for it, is not the business of this veracious chronicler to set out. Only one thing may be mentioned. He went back to Sydney within the three years, only to find Mary Kelly married to the large policeman, and when he started to upbraid her for her lack of fidelity her better half knocked him down with a club, and promptly ran him in to the watch-house on a charge of riotous conduct and obscene language, for which, next morning, he was fined 40s. That ended his romance, and he employed the remaining few months of his life and the balance of his money between the racecourse and the cemetery, in which, according to his contract, he had erected a tombstone, without an inscription, to the memory of the remains. On. his way home from Rosehill, after a day's racing, he collided with a tram, proceeding at a high rate of speed, and such of his remains as could be swept up were placed in a bag, and after being sat upon' at the morgue, were buried 4 in the pauper lot in Rookwood graveyard. Probably A E. Hogan has met the other ghosts ere this, and set out the exact position of affairs; but no reliable information on the point is to hand. Michael, the 19-year-old 8st. Welsh wonder, is now getting £100 a week for performing at Westminster Aquarium, which has encouraged him to get married. Mick's trainer was so disgusted at his weakness that he tendered his resignation on the engagement being announced. Just as well, if his earnings depend upon the Cambrian's future winnings. The time for the V.R.C. National Hurdle Race, on Saturday, 5 mm 1 * 59sec., has been beaten* only twicte, and, strange to say, on bo£h occasionsby Mr. Miller's phenomenon, Redleap,: r who in 1889 covered thebbUWey in 5mm 54secs., and in z8jM% Stoaih, 58|£sec. It took Tim Bwijpiiler^imn and the mighty Malua 6miu| 7fiec. 