SHORT STORY THE MISER'S HOARD. For many years old Simon Grates had oocupied a tumble-down old hou&e; in one of the narrow streets whioh are to be found in that part of the borough whioh the hand of modern improvement was still left untouched. A grimy, dilapidated building, the glass and the upper windows of which were nearly all i shattered, while the door was utterly devoid j of paint ; and during a high wind the slates would whirl off the roof to the extreme I uaugcu. ui uia pwimfUj. jdui iw nu aw rickety appearance the old house in Grime' street was a perfect fortress. Tbe door was plated with iron, and had the newest and most effective looks ; the lower windows were guarded with massive iron bars, and if an intruder had oontrived to gain admission by the roof he would have found himself con fronted by u strong briok wall, which entirely shut off the upper portion of the house from the lower. Many gentlemen in the burglary line had found Miser Grates' orib too hard a nut to crack, and had retired, baffled, from the attempt. Simon Grates had done well to take the precautious he did, for the report of his vast accumulation of wealth of all kinds was widely spread throughout the neighbour hood, and had not his house been a perfect for truss it would have been broken into re peatedly. _ It would be hard to say what Grates' busi .'was, or, rather, what it was not, for there was a penny to be made by any thing he was ready and willing to become the \ purchaser. The old man lived entirely alone with his { grand -daughter, Prudence Hatwell, the orphan child of his only daughter, who been dead tor many years. Prudence was a tall, slender girl, with pleasing features, and & Btrong feeling of affection for her grandfather, in spite of his occasional harshness towards her. 4 Prue,* said the old man one evening, as he eat over his scanty meal of dry bread and a rasher of baoon, 4 1 fchmlr I go ing to give up business and retire into the country.' 4 1 am afraid the oountry air would give you a tremendous appetite/ remarked the old man, with a suspicious glanoe at his grand- daughter. ' And I am very poor, you know/ « But then we oen live for a mere nothing in the country,' returned the girl, 'and think how nioe it would be to live oat of dingy London.' 4 People don't live for a mere nothing any where, Prue,* retorted the old man, 4 but at any rate we are going the day after to morrow. A little cottage near TJxbridge came into my hands some years ago, and as the tenant is just dead X may as welloocupy it as permit it to remain empty/ Prue's face fell. 4 That is rather a sodden resolve, isn't it, grandfather !' said she. * Ah/ snarled the old man, 4 you are think ing of that fine sweetheart of yours, Joe Varley. Well, if he wants to see you he oan oome down to TJxbridge ; the walk will stretch his legs a bit.' 4 Joe won't mind that a bit.' answered Prue; ' but he needn't walk: he oan oome by train/ ' Ah, young people are fonder of spending money than of earning it,' remarked Simon Grates ; * but, mind you, there is a good deal of valuable property in thi« house, and X want to tell you where to find it. X feel very queer to-night, and if anything happens to me, do you go to Sharpies, tLe lawyer in Lincoln's Inn Fields, and he will tell you everything, for you have been a good girl to me, and will have the little J leave be hind me/ ' ' 'Don't talk like that, grandfather ; you \- .make zne ieel quite frightened/ remaned Prudence. 'Take this paper,' the old m-tnf handing her a torn piece with some writ ing upon it, ' join the bit Lawyer Sharpies will give yon to it, and it will explain every thing.* ?Hush,' exclaimed Prudence, suddenly, ' there ib that sound again which I heard before/ Both listened intently, and theo a sudden crash of falling briokwork in the upper part of the house made them both start in their feet. The old man made for a drawer in whioh he always kept a loaded revolver, but before he could reach it the door was burst open, and a man, rushing into the room, struck Miser Grates a blow on the head with a life preserver which laid him dead upon the floor. With a wild shriek Prudence grasped the murderer's arm, and as her eyes fell on his faoe she saw that he wore a black With a fierce oath he disengaged himself and n grain the deadly weapon rose and fell, stretching Prudenoe across her grandfather's body. 4 1 didn't want to hurt the girl/ muttered the man, 4 bnt there was no help for it. Now, let me see what there is to be found in the way of a swag.' The search was not a successful one, for beyond about twenty shillings worth of silver and a few coppers nothing of value was dis covered, and with a savage oath he began to ransack the adjoining room. Hie same result evidently attended ♦-»« search, for in about halt an hour he returned again with a dark frown on his brow. 'I think I have settled the pair of them for nothing/ growled he. 4 What's this bit of paper in the girl's handF be added, as he stooped and took it up; 4 a precious lot of gibberish it seems, bat 1 will look at it when I get away. Corse the fellow for bragging about the valuables in the house. I have been thoroughly sold, and had better getaway be \- fo&e; harm oomes to me/ ft: Be made his way upstairs, and creeping through a hole-he had piooedin the briok 1 -wall, which ran across the upper portion of tiie hoose, gained the roof and disappeared r=, in the darkness. ^t was daylight before Prudence reoovsrod '*? dopr aitf givethe alarm. ^ ^ Wheothene^bwEaoamejnltwBafoand ^ ihnfcfhe^msa'waignatd dead, alidPru \- denoe w« so Injured that it yas ymcwwniy to xeotovete to the nearest hospital. She tad, ^ i- however, the pwsenoe. of mind 4o Mfc&s; * police t*- oommrinicete wi&the; lawyer whose y.'r ? name her wiiwr-i{-i^^) mil K took oar that the honse should be placed in r the hands of a trustworthy oarataker, Fcfr ueariy three weeks ffcndeoee wasun f ? atie to more iraaa the hospital, and when ahe did oo her fiat Tisit was to Sharpies the iawy«, Who said: ' There is certainly a will I ' ih'fuax favour, but where tie property ha« ? got ta I don't know. Then is about three , hundred pounds in the bank, so yon will be s v beyond t£e roach of want for the time, bnt :.: ' v Xt, Grates ought to hare been worth at least : ten thousand pounds. Joe Varley tad many interviews with his j ?;mreeth«art, and they often talked together / oiartbemystarious robber who bad so neatly iv,;'' ^ taken two lires on the night of the bur glarious entrance into the house in Grime street. Xteamination al the premises had shown ihatliii must have sot into an empty house BBgSiSif MH riltia ' Aoormjg. Ha ' had aaoendedto abearance. mi MBfKfs-iflWueit th»%M- ?oo srtllinake aw ' Why, yoa see, Prue, lot of fellows at oar shop* (Toe was a foreman in a large printing establishment) 4 got to chaffing me, and tellng me that'I was going to marry the grand-daughter of a millionaire, and one day at the pub, where I go to get my enaob in the middle of the day, a seedy -looking chap came up, and, after making himself precious agreeable, asked me a heap of ques tions about you and your grandfather and the house and such like, and X, like a fool as X was, let out all X knew, and a great deal more, perhaps, for he had given me a glass or two, and that set my tongue wagging/ * Oh, Joe/ exclaimed the girl, ' perhaps ij was the burglar after all; they Bay tha* thoy go about trying to find out what houses are worth robbing. Anyhow he did not get much, though he robbed me of that precious scrap of paper grandfather had just given me \ and the piece Mr. Sharpies has ia no use without the one I lost. X cannot make head or tail of it. Here is the copy of it ; let us see if yoa are oleve* enough to solve the riddle/ She extraoted from her pocket a pieoe of paper upon whioh were written these words : raid of being robbed, and valuables in a safe place, myself, inmyoottageat Ux cellar and measure twelve oorner, then dig three h small box made of I the hey, by my will it is 4 Wek, this is a precious hard nut to crack,' remarked Joe, after he hod read the document over two or threee times. 4 The one thing certain is that there is something in a cellar, but where I can't say/ 4 Why, at TJxbridge, of course ; what am X thinlang of?' exclaimed Prudence, sud- denly* 4 We have never seen the cottage that poor grandfather spoke of. I shall go down and look for myself.' 4 1 move an amendment,' remarked Joe, slidiughis arm round her waist, 4 suppose we get married first, and then we can go down there never oome baok any more/ 'What do yoa mean, Joef returned the girl, a bright blush suffusing her cheek. 4 Just this, Prue. Tou see, if you never get any more money you are quite a little heiress. I have saved a bit too, and t-hiw very moruing X got an offer as foreman in a large printing establishment in that very identical TJxbridge, and so, if you will agree, the oottage will oome in very handy, and after work we oan have a hunt after grand dad's treasure-' After some slight demur Prue yielded. Mr. Sharpies handed over the keys of the cottage, and one afternoon, after a visit to the parish church, the young couple started away for TJxbridge, from whioh point they intended to oommenoe their matrimonial cruise. The oottagn was a very pretty one, very decently funiished, with a nice garden at the buik, and various outbuildings, whioh they had not expected. All at once Prue gave a little scream and clung tightly to her husband's arm. 4 There is a horrid man following us. X am sure he is dogging our footsteps. X saw him outside the church, then at the station, and here he is again.' Joe turned quickly round, and an angry flush rose to his faoL 4 Well, I'm hanged,' exclaimed he, 4 if it is not the chap that pumped me so dry about grand-dad's affairs. Here, mister, X should like to have a word with yoa.' The man, however^ did not appear desirous of acoepting the invitation, but pushed hie way through a gap in the hedge and sped aaross the fields at a paoe which defied pur suit. ' IT1 just go to the police station and give them a hint about that gentleman,' mattered Joe, 4 for his conduot strikes me as just a little suspicious/ I For a week, however, tbe young married | oouple were disturbed ty no unwetaome in i traders, but though the' attics, and indeed every room in the house, had been thoroughly i ftTft-mmoflj no sign of Simon Grates* hidden treasure had been discovered. Joe had now settled steadily down to his work. One day, as Joe returned to his home, he found his wife standing pale and trembling in the poroh. ' What ails yoa, my girl ? said he, going up to her and putting his (arm around her ; 4 you look white and soared.' 'Ob, Joe,' she mnrmurod; between her sobs * he is down there/ 'Down where f asked her husband, in much surprise, 4 end who is he that is down there}* 4 '.Grandfather/ answered she ; 4 I went down to get some wood, and there he was standing in the right hand oorner. X flew upstairs again and did not dare remain in the house, so I waited until yoa oame home/ ' Why, yoa must have been frightened at a shadow, my dear/ returned Joe, endeavoring to reassure her, though in his heart he felt extremely unoomfortable. 'X will go and I see what it is.' He went down the little flight of stairs, but returned again in another minute, with his faoe perfectly livid. I 'You were right, my girl,' faltered he; ! 4 and as I don't like such visitors I think we had best clear out/ : ' Where is it stow P* asked Prue, with a ! shudder. ' In the cellar, and likely to remain there,' returned her husband ; 4 for X shot tbe door after me and drew the bolt/ As if to contradict his assertion the shadowy figure of Simon Grates stood before them, looking exactly as he did in life, and well. There was something mystic and in tangible about him. He crossed the room to the fireplace, stooped, and appeared to touch the heavy pokexythen, moving to the window raised his hand in a gesture of warning, and, malting away, vanished bofoxte their very eyes. 4 Well, I am glad it's gone/ said Joe, wiping his perspiration from his forehead. 4 But, Prue, my girl, what ails yon ?* Proe indeed was nearly fainting, and it was some time before the attentions of her beloved husband ooald bring her roand. Hus band and wife both agreed that the appear ance of Simon Grates' spirit meant eome 4hing, .bftt what -flirt aonwrthing; was jhey, Pnje f^ fliesli«htort &dhation; to ventnxe down to those regions, and -itwaa onJr after a hearty supper had in some way dimininhed tiieir enperoafcoral fears thdt thsy ventured to creep npetain to bed. . Joe, howerer, could not sleep, and long after Pros hadsnnk to slumber his lay tossing about, expecting that something would hap pen, though he wonld have been Tory much puzzled to proVB what that something was. ; All at onoe a jfligbt grating noise fell opon his ear, whian appeared to oome .from the room below. 'Woeoa he had 510 snperriatura! toes to deal with Joe was as brave as a lion. ' That {( ? glazln' diamond,' mattered he, aa he rose stealthily from his bed and polled onapairof temsers; ' aame cove is catting a pane of glass out of the parior window. How sweet an the pleasures of the oonatry \- — no troubles or worries, nothing but bur glars and ghosts, and, of oouree, they are not worth mentioning-' With that thought running through his brain he cautionaly descended tbe stain, and, entering the parlor, saw i figure in the act of setting tbnmgb the window, ths latch of vmdihadlieea drawn twtk brmeani cf the fimH'ii nf s wimi nf rlm ITantmir gittm at ths intruder to uake m^ Siat It ins not Oraodfathet Grates oome to pay ft aeoood visit, -'Sob made a 'botnid for the o&ar;, and brodght it down with a heavy ; ihwaek TOOB tha bnrriart sMUdera, wid then, as Sns jnan, with an aulamation of1 jpain, dropped on the floor, .be delivered an- - other blow upon tbe head whioh laid him aonsdet. Ha noise alarmed frae, who buttled d4wn-«taha-iast in. tima to Me her husband aeeudngtiwrobtorVhaadsJii.aiBUrtaitistio; manner with a pieoe of rope whioh he had fetnUed from the kitclieu. The man wag bunded over to the police and proved to be a well-know# burglar, for whose apprehension a reward of £50 had been offered, which, much to Joe's delight, was paid over to him. &.b he returned from giving his evidenoe he found his wife dancing about the kitchen, waving a sorap of paper in , her hand. 'See here, Joe/ cried she, ' that bad man must have dropped this. He was the robber that murdered poor grandfather, and, doubt less, he followed us hero, thinking that we had found the treasure which he foiled in discovering. Bead this/ Without in the least understanding her Joe took the paper, and, with a very puzzled ex pression of faoe, readjthe following disjointed sentenoeet X have always been al so have hidden all my whioh is known only to ' bridge. Go down to the paces from right hand feet, aud yoa will find ron. My lawyer has all for Pradenoe. 4 Why, the chap must have escaped from a lunatio asylum to carry 6uoh rubbish about with him,' exolaimed Joe, impatiently. 4 What does it all mean P* * Tou Billy boy/ cried his wife, * have yoa forgotten the other scrap of paper P Here, join tho two together, and see what you make of it then.' He did so, and his faoe brightened up as he read as follows : ' X have always been af-raid of being robbed and so have hidden all my-valaables in a safe place, whioh is known only to - myseli, in ! my cottage at TJxbridge. Go down to the ? j cellar and measure twelve paoes from right band - oorner, then dig three feet, and you 1 will find - a small box made of iron. My j lawyer has - the key, by my will it is all for ! Prudence. 4 Where are yoa going P said Prue, as, after reading the paper, Joe made a bound j for the garden. j 4 To get a Bjaade/ returned he. 4 Whether grandfather is there or not, X am going to | have a look for that there iron box, j _ The receptacle was found in the spot de- I signated, but there was no oouasion to apply | to Lawyer Sharpies, for the key was in the { box, and not only was there a goodly stook of | gold and bank-notea within, but several I magnificent diamond and emerald ornaments I which, doubtless, Miser Grates had, at some ; time or other, pioked up a bargain. The little scrap of paper, though it did not produce a capital conviction, sent the burglar to penal servitude for life, so that the young oouple were not likely to be troubled by his visits again. . As for the spirit of Grates, it did not put in a second appearance perhaps from not befog able to find Its way to the fine large house to which Joe and Prue removed shortly after they had been lucky enough to discover the Miser's Hoard. 